VOLIME LXXXVI-NO. 40.
FOR CRUELTY TO
DREYFUS
M. DANIEL IS REMOVED
M. GMI.LAIN, EX-MINISTER OF WAR.
Wn tr portfolio in the Dupuy Cabinet, M. Ruillain
it( ■ D
PS July P. M. DanieJ, i i
nor ■ : • ■ dv Salut. and arl
mini ii settle
ment on t' " lv Diable,
where < 'aptain ' " ■ s im
tnd will he
. d.-. i i.v M 1-a Sow an. M. ' i
was . punishment
metr^ out '■> the prisoner in thf
r f co ■ . ■ himsejf
Scandalous reports arp in circulation
In connection with the death here yes
terday of Signor Ressman, formerly
Italian Embassadoi c. II is al
leged that while lie was lying at the
point of death, three persons, including
-. Italian Embassy, en
: his rooms and took away a quan
tity of pa :
INDIA WILL HAVE
A GOLD STANDARD
Indian Mints Will Be Allowed to Coin j
Gold Without Restric
tion.
LONDON. July '•'•- The report of the
Parliamentary committee on j Indian cur
rency, just issued in the form of •■> blue
hook, approves the decision of the Gov- ]
ernment nut to revert to a silver stand
ard. It argues thai it would be imposfi- |
ble to maintain the status i(uo permanent; ;
lj , rM-omra' mis that measures be taken |
to introduce a gold standard with th< .
British£sovereign as a legal tender and
advises that the Indian mints be allowed I
to coin sold without^ restriction on the
fHnu- terms a> the Australian mints. Kin
ally, by a majority of votes, the com
mittee recommends fixing the rupee rate
at 16 pence;
The report says in conclusion: "The ef
fective establishment of .i gold standard '
is of paramount Importance to the mate
rial interests. of India, not only to promote ;
existii trade, but to encourage the influx
of capital." ;
EUROPE SYMPATHIZES
WITH EX-KING MILAN.
Telegrams of Congratulation on His !
Escape From the Assas- :
sin's Hand.
.GRADE, July 9.— Kiiiß Alexander
has received from Queen Victoria; Kni
peror iam is Joseph and other Biiropeah
sovereigns telegrams of congratulation
upon tne escape from assassination nut
last ThursOay of his father, ex-King Mi- !
lan. ■ |
Several priests have been arrested mi j
the charge of complicity in the attempt. |
Cijura Kmzovk-s. the won!.i-i.< assassin*
has confessed that In was Instigated by !
the radicals. General Sava Gruecs; Ser- j
vinn Minister t<i Russia, has been recalled j
from St. IXerslmrK and dtemlFse,d from j
the army as th<> result of the finding of
compromising documents: i
Injured by a Blast.
AUBURN ■ Stars
mine I Oscar Klose'fi skull
a blast thai hi
will ■
POPE ORIGINATED THE
PEACE CONFERENCE IDEA
NEW STORK, July 9.— -Some hitherto unpublished statements relative
to the the i«l< a which has resulted in the peace '-onferent ■ at
The I! ■- appear in th< August number of the Catholic World mag
fiziv.i-. Because of the failure of the Czar to send an Invitation to the
Vatican to ho : ted at the peace conference, on account of tho ob
jection of the Italia) i an Ihiplied recognition <>f the Pope's tempo
ral power, tli" arti< le recites an unjustifiable plight was placed upon L<', :
XIII, who originated the ] ace conference Idea.
"This will be news \<> many," the story continues, "but it is an unde
nlable, incontrovertible fact, which is here advanced on highest author
ity."
The writer goes on t<> sa> that fhe Pope sent Mpr. Tarnassi to st.
Bhurg to convey a Bp» al proposal to the Russian Government that
th* < < z;ir should publicly and solemnly 'all upon the nations of Europe
to join hands in an effort f<>r r'°ar<=- and social well bf>insr, and as the
first step thereto to bepin » reduction in their costly armaments and
military organizations, which were threatening to lead not only to finan
cial ruin, hut also to serious social disaster.
The San Francisco Call.
The anti-Semite journals connect the
story with the Dreyfus affair. It ap
pears that about a fortnight ago, Fig
nor Resshiari had an immense quantity
of documents destroyed, declaring that
if they were left they might "harm va
rious people.'' It is also suggested that
the arch may have been instigated by I
Pignor Crispi. the former Italian Pre
mier, who practically dismissed Signor
Ressman from the Italian Em happy in
Paris, in L 895, because the diplomatist
had Failed to make the French press
favorable to the Crispi Government.
Prince Henri d'Orleana writes as fol
lows to the Matin:
"I will bow before the decision of the
Renn< court martial as 1 did before
thai of the court martial of 1894.
France, relieved of this abscess, will
be able to resume her glorious role."
CAPTAIN LANDON OFFERS
A TOAST TO THE QUEEN
American Guardsmen Banqueted by
Sir Charles Vin
cent.
LONDON. July 9. At the conclusion
of the centenary review and Inspection of
metropolitan volunteers on the Hoser
Guards' parade yesterday afternoon ' Ca
ptain Dewlti ' ! '. Fulls and Captain Francis
<;. Landon of the Seventh Regiment. Na
tional Guard of the State of New V irk.
who witnessed the review "n the Invita
iic.ii of Colonel Sir- churls Edward How
ard Vincent, commandani of the Queen's
Westminster Volunteers, were banqueted
at headquarters by this regiment, the
band al Intervals playing the American
mal airs.
In response to a toast to the \ nitrn
States Captain Landon declared thai
wherever and whenever England needed
American sons the latter would stand
si.le by side with Britons and march
shoulder to shoulder. He concluded his
remarks, which were loudly cheered, by
coasting to* Queen.
CONVENTION OF CHRISTIANS.
■
Five Hundred Delegates to Attend at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July 9.— The State con
• ' of the Christian churches opens
Tabernacle al Garfleld Park next
Ii promises to bo one of the ■
■ conventions in tlu- history of thp ;
; 500 d« legates are expected, j
... alreadj commenced to arrive.
nottages nrr. filled and ;
man> tenta have been pitched on the
ground. The large dining tent la already j
in position.
programme this year Ie a fine one.
Stockton Officials Named.
STOCKTON, July After much dis
cussion and listening to all kinds of ad
vice in. Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners Is said to have agreed to elect
the following heads of departments at the
next ting: Chief of Police J. D. Gall;
Chir-f -)f Fire Department. J. P. Carroll:
Captain of Police, D. L.. Klench. The only
change in the slate Is the substitution of
Klench for Kingsbury as captain. The
removal of Roll from the Fire Department
is in the •.-•■• of the most influential pro
tests from property owners.
SAB" CISCO, MONDAY, JULY 10, 899.
POPE LEO APPEALS TO
OOM PAUL
Session of the First Raadzaal, With Kruger Presiding.
LONDON, July 10.— The
Rome correspondent o\
the Daily Mail says "The
Pope lias been in correspondence
with President Kxuger, appeal
ing to him to avoid a rupture
with Great Britain, and yester
day he received a dispatch from
tiie Transvaal Chief Magistrate
declaring that settlement was still
distant, but that the crisis was
passed."
According to the Johannes
burg correspondent of the Daily
Mail, the Outlanders regard the
Transvaal's government's pro
posals as absurdly insufficient.
The special dispatches to the
morning papers from (ape Town
and Johannesburg concur as to
the complexity and obscurity of
the Brier proposals and declare
that the Outlanders are pro
LONDON, ONTARIO,
UNDER MARTIAL LAW
LONDON, Ont., July 9.— This city
is under martial law. At an parly
hour this morning: the Mayor read
the riot act and called out the
regular soldiers stationed here to
clear the streets. To-morrow the
streets will be patrolled by soldiers
drawn from outside places within the
military district, the police having
proved Inadequate to the task of con
trolling the mob.
Last night was the most exciting
ever passed in the city. The trouble
was the culmination of the street rail
way strike that has been on In London
since May 22. The strike began' last
November and was supposed to have
been settled, but broke out anew two
months ago. Since then no cars have
been run after dark. There have been
divisions among the strikers who were
operating 'buses, and a majority of
the men desired to resume work. Cars
have been running in the daytime, and
there ■:<>■• no organized effort to. stop
them until yesterday. In the afternoon
largo crowd* of men — mainly mechanics
and others employed in factories that
close down on Saturday afternoons
began assembling in the east end of the
city where the car barns are located.
MRS. DICKINS' BODY LAID
TO REST IN ARLINGTON
Funeral Attended by Naval Officers
and Veterans of the Late
War.
WASHINGTON July 9.— The funeral of
Mrs! Marguerite Diokins,- wife, of Cap
tain Pi W. Dicklna of the navy, who lost
her life by an explosion of gasoline at
her home Friday, took place from her late
residence to-day, the services being con
ducted according to the rites of the Epis
copal' church. The casket was covered
with floral offerings Bent by numerous
friends and organizations, including the
officers and clerks of the Bureau of Navi
gation, the Daughters of the Revolution
(of which bqdy Mrs. EHckins had been an
active member), the district volunteer
reception and relief committee. National
Woman's Association oF the White Cross,
and Sonor Quesada, the Cuban Com
missioner. _
The honorary pallbearers were: Rear
Admirals Crowninshield and O'Neil, Pro
fessor Thomas M. Chatard. Major Rich
ard Sylvester. Dr. W. S. Dixon. Addison
B. Atkins, Frederick W. Bratt and F. S.
Robinson. . '- ' ■:
Secretary and Mrs. Long were present
foundly disappointed. In Jo
hannesburg it is believed that
President Kruger is only dallying
to gain time until the weather
makes campaigning difficult for
the Britishers.
\Y. t\ Schemer. Cape Premier,
has addressed a letter to an Afri
kander paper published in Cape
Town, declaring that there is
no ground whatever for the act
ive interference of the imperial
gpvejTnnienl in the Transvaal, as
the Boer proposals are satisfac
tory. This has aroused great in
dignation in the Cape Colony,
where it is regarded as mischiev
ous, ill timed and calculated to
encourage President Kruger and
to embarrass Sir Alfred Miiner.
PRETORIA, July 9.— The
Transvaal government has de
cided to prosecute on a charge
of high treason the three princi
pal defendants whose complicity
The trouble was anticipated >md the
company bepan calling in the cars and
putting them In the barns. This, how
ever, the crowd determined to prevent,
and the first cars to arrive in the
neighborhood wer« stoned till the non
union employes fled in dismay. Then
cars became the target for a general
assault and were poop wrecked, one of
them being set on fire Six cars were.
still downtown, but they were aban
doned and stood on the rails till 0
o'clock in the evening. Then the police
attempted to take them to the barn?.
bul they also were driven off in the
very heart of the city.
Thousands lined Dundas street, rocks
began flying freely and in a few min
utes all the windows in liif-cars were
broken. The police managed to clear
one side of the street, but they were
powerless to protect the cars from mis-
Biles. In the course of the afternoon
and evening many persons were struck
and Injured more or less seriously, but
none fatally.
At midnight the Mayor, who had pre
sly addressed the mob. tilling them
to disperse, read the riot ari. and called
on the regular soldiers stationed in
and the Daughters of the American Revo
lution and Woman's Association of th<-
White Cross attended In a body. A de
tachment "f seamen gunners From the
navy-yard acted as body bearers, and in
terment was mad.' at Arlington, to v nil !i
place the funeral cortege was escorted by
a company of districi volunteers who
served In the Spanish war.
CUT DOWN BEFORE
LIFE IS EXTINCT
Believing Their Victim Daad, Lynch
ers Permit the Rescue of
a Negro.
AT. MA. Kan?.. July o.— "Dick" Williams,
negro, charged with the murder of two
white men, was lynched here this even
ing by .1 mob of white men.
The. mob left the negro hanging to a
telegraph pole and six minutes later he
was cut down by. the town marshal and
taken back to' the county jail, where he
re covered consciousness: The negro is
still alive, but cannot survive.
On June 2S Harry T. Tandy and an un
known white man were robbed and mur
dered at McFarland, this county.' A few
in the recent attempt to promote
a rebellious rising at Johannes
burg has been for several weeks
under judicial investigation.
CAPE TOWN, July 9.— W.P.
Schemer, Prime Minister of the
Colony of Good Hope, says the
Cape government regards the
Transvaal reform proposals as
adequate and calculated to in
sure a peaceful settlement. The
Colonial Premier, however, rep
- resents thfi j^rikand^«!eme.nt. 
Sir John Gordon Sprigg, for
mer Prime Minister and Colonial
Secretary, who is an ardent im
perialist, considers them totally
inadequate to meet the just
claims of the Out landers and al
together less than Sir Alfred
Milner, Governor of the Cotoiiy
and British Commisisoner for
South Africa, demanded of Pres
ident Kruger at the Bloemfon
tein conference.
Wolseley barracks to clear the street.
•This was done iii short order. When
quiet was restored the police had the
damaged cars conveyed to the burns.
T. H. Smallman, vice president of the
street railway company, was sighted
by the mob ami chased to the police
station. After the appearance of the
military three citizens wore arrested
for refusing- to leave the streets. They
are named Benjamin Campbell, Charles
Mills and William McLean. They will
be charged with rioting after the act
had been rend- a very serious offense.
Other arrests will he made, as the po
lice 'nave the names of many.
More trouble is expected to-morrow.
The company declares an attempt will
be made to run the cars, the protection
of the city being demanded.
The street railway is owned by the
Everett syndicate of Cleveland. Ohio,
ard the company has been known for
its good treatment of employes. The
strikers by their refusal to arbitrate
and now by this rioting have ali-natfM
public sympathy so that the company
is likely to have the popular support
on its side when operating the road to
morrow.
days afterward James Bender, alias Den
ver Kid. and Dick Williams, alias Trilby,
both colored, were arrested by James
Ramsey, chief of police of Topeka. and
when questioned Denver Kid fastened the
crime on Trilby.
To-day Sheriff True of Wabunsee Coun
ty brought Trilby to Alma to-lodge- him in
jail. When he arrived ■< mob of at least
200 men met him rind his prisoner at the
Rock Inland depot, but was foiled until
the prisoner was being placed in jail. Then
Trilby, was seised, dragged a distance of
a block with a rope around his nock, and
strung up to a telegraph pole. There he
hung for six minutes, when. he was cut
down by Marshal Pippert. The crowd, be
lieving him dead, permitted the officers to
take rim back to jail, and dispersed.
H. T. Tandy lived at Creighton. Mo.
His father is a doctor of that place and
also is in the drug business. Harry was
a drug clerk.
The. people of Alma and the country sur
rounding: are greatly excited, and while
great precautions are being taken to pre
vent further trouble, it is feared the mur
derer will be again taken from the jail.
Day of Rest for Veterans.
SANTA CRUZ. July 9. -The members of
the Grand Army and those In ramp at
(amp Wallace Reynolds, in respond to
an invitation from Rev. M. I. Buck, at
tended services this morning at the Meth
odist rhurch. Sunday at the camp was
observed as a day of rest.
YDA ADDIS TRIES
TO TAKE LIFE
ALMOST A MURDERESS
YDA ADDIS STORKE.
This notorious woman made an attempt to kill Attorney Grant Jack
son at Santa Barbara yesterday.
SANTA BARBARA. July Yda
Addis Storke, who became noto
rious through, the libel suit
brought against her by the county
for having written anonymous let
ters attacking Dr. Winchester and cer
tain women,- npw appears " before the
"public in the role of a would-be mur
deress. Attorney Grant Jackson, at
one time her best friend, but who
grained her enmity by testifying- against
her in the libel suit, was the intended
victim.
This morning at about 3 o'clock Mrs.
Stork» went to Jackson's house with the
intention of "finishing him up," as she
expressed it. but her attempt was un
successful. She gained entrance to a.
! bedroom through the window on the
southeast side of the house by cutting a
screen. once in the house she sat down
on a bed to arrange her plans. First she
opened the hand satchel she brought
with her and took out a four-ounce bot
tle of chloroform, a bottle of prussic
acid, and a bottle of cyanide acid and
carefully arranged them on the bed.
Then she selected the chloroform bot
! tle, and carrying with it some bunting.
which she had in the valise, she walked
cautiously into Jackson's room.
The would-be murderess stooped over
the sleeping form and arranged the
chloroform bottle in such a. position
that her arm would not tire before her
work was accomplished. The piece of
bunting -touched - Jackson's ' nose and
aroused him. but he merely turned rest
lessly on his couch" and again fell
asleep. He was aroused a second time
by the same tickling sensation and sat
up. He saw the woman standing over
him and asked:
"Who are you?"
"It's me. Grant," Mrs. Storke replied.
"Have you a gun?"
Jackson said that he had. Mrs. Storke
drew a revolver from the folds of her
! dress and Jackson was commanded to
hand over his weapon, Mrs. Storke say
: ing she "had the drop" on him. He
obeyed the command, He asked the
woman what she wanted there at that
time of the night. She exclaimed:
"That's my business. Don't talk too
loud— you will awaken the rest of the
! house."
They entered into conversation and
Jackson attempted to divert her atten
-1 tion. He watched for an opporunity to
i seize her, but she kept him covered with
; the revolver. Finally his chance came.
1 She reached for her handkerchief which
la-- on the floor, and he instantly
sprang upon her. They grappled. for
ten minutes before Jackson overpower
ed her. He tied both hands behind her
back. Then he called E. Tallant. a
neighbor, who summoned an officer,
and Mrs. Storke was placed under ar
rest. She begged Jackson on her knees
not to arrest her. assuring him that she
would pay him a large sum of money if
he would let her go. She was taken to
GREAT INDIAN POWWOW AT
WINNEBAGO RESERVATION
CHICAGO, July 9.— A special to the Times-Herald from Decatur,
Neb., says: The greatest Indian powwow in recent years began at the
Omaha Winnebago Indian reservation to-day. It is heM at Yellow
Smoke's lodge, five milea north of Deeatur. A great many Indians have
already pitched their tents and great preparations are being made for a
two weeks' celebration. The Indians of the reservations of Northern Ne
braska have been arranging for this .sreat event for months. The chief
tains gave it out to th>- whites that the celebration • this year would
eclipse anything attempted by the Omaha and Winnebago tribes during
the last quarter of a century.
The traditional rites and ceremonies of these ancient tribes will be
Performed. If not prohibited by the authorities, the ' savage war dance
will be indulged in as a grand finale. The chieftains say the evpnt will
draw together no fewer than 5000 Indians.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
f the County Jail and a warrant for at
| tempt to murder was served. "When In
terviewed she said:
"I have nothing to say. I merely
went to Jackson's room because I knew
! I would find him in a better mood and
| then could talk to him undisturbed. I
i went through the window because I
' have been accustomed to enter that
way. as I have been in the house a
number of times and at all hour's of the
night. The chloroform T had with me
i on account of heart trouble and why I
carry the other articles is nobody's bus
: mess."
Jackson's story is different. During
'■ the conversation at his bedside he ask
j ed why sh^ was th-=>re and she answer-
I ed:
"I am herp to kill you and then com-
I mit suicide; so don't be in a rush—
! we've both got to go."
"She asked me for my pistol, which
': T handed to her," said Jackson. "I fin
ally succeeded in striking up a conver
! sation and branched off on to another
subject altogether. She has prowled
around the house very often, but
; never seemed desperate in any way. I
saw my chance to grab her. 1 tied her
i hands and threw her on th<» bed and
j called for Bd Tallant, a neighbor. In
< the meantime she turned over, seized a
revolver with both hands and discharg
ed it, the bullet going through the floor.
I An officer came and she was placed un
der arrest."
A number of persons have believed
. themselves in danger since the trial for
libel, and the attack upon Jackson will
result in a vigorous attempt being made,
to place Mrs. Storke behind the walls of
San Quentin.
Km. Storke was to have been sen
tenced in the Superior Court to-morrow
for criminal libel. When Mrs. Storke
was searched at the jail she was found
to have a second revolver with her.
NOT ENTHUIASTIC IN
SUPPORT OF M'KINLEY.
Republican Leaders Deplore His
Lack of Policy Regarding the
Philippines.
CHICAGO, July P. — A Washington spe
cial to the Enfsr Ocean says McKinley's
confidential advisors are making a quiet
i anvasa of the country to ascertain the
sentiment of Republicans regarding the
party leadership In 1900 and if the re
nominatlon of McKlnley la generally fa
vored, but there Is bo enthusiasm on the
part of the leaden owing to his failure
to advance -,i policy regarding the Philip
pines. Steps are to be taken to awaken
mterest. _
Yolo Pioneer Summon sd.
WOODLAND. July o.— James Edgar of
Esparto, a pioneer settler in Yolo County,
• ii. I this morning of brain fever. The
deceased was a native of Canada, and
came to California in 1848. He was prom
inently Identified with the early history
of the State, and as captain of a cavalry
company during the civil war won dis
tinction. He was 7" years of age and
leaves two children.2
HARD LUCK AT THE
MEXICAN PLACERS
Sickness, Death ar}d Destitution
Reported at San Rogue and
Santa Clara.
GTJAYMAS, July 9. -The steamer Carman has arrived from the plac
ers of San RoQue with h large passenger list, mostly Americana and.nearly
all ?lck. \ Mexican Custom House officer, who arrived also, states that
on account of a sudden change In the weather many of the gold hunters
have been stricken down with fever, and that the miners extract iron-. $1
to $2 a day. but it takes |3 to live <>n. A large number of them wanted to
return on the Carmen, but were unable to do so on account of being sick
and othei B for lack of funds.
The Carmen brought news from the placers of Santa Clara. An
American gentleman, who has just returned, states that there are at
that plac- about L6OO people unable t-. get out, and lacking even the
most Indispensable necessaries of life. He Bays the so-called placers are
a "rank fake." and to extract ?1 in gold it takes $4 in silver to do it; in
fa< t thai the place is In a state of confusion and disorder, and thefts oc
cur frequently. "1 had the opportunity of witnessing," he "about
twenty-five or more funerals, the deaths being caused by f<\>-r^ of a per
nicious nature and other diseases, but 1 think mostly from want and ex
posure."
STUDY OF CORAL
REEF FORMATION
Stanford Expedition at
Pernambuco.
READY TO BEGIN ITS WORK!
♦ —
RESEARCHES WILL OCCUPY TWO j
MONTHS.
Results of the Investigation on the
South American Coast to Be i
Published by Harvard
University.
Special Pl«patrh to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 9.— |
Dr. John C. Brauner and his scientific,
expedition have arrived safely at Per- |
nambuco, Brazil. This news was con- ,
tnlned In letters from Dr. Brauner. Ho '
writes that the party sailed from New
York on the -Ist of May and reached Per
nambuco on June S. At the time of writ
ing he was doing his best to get the out
fit through the Brazilian Custom-house.
Dr. Brauner says Pernambuco has not
. hanged a bit Pino he visited it In 1872 • ■
an interesting commentary on South Am
erican activity.
Tbo other members of the party arc .
Arthur W. Grreley.C. F. Oilman. P.ay Col
lins, B. H. Collins and Harold Havens, all
students of Stanford University.
The expedition was sent to Brazil to ex- j
plore the remarkable coral and sand- |
Btone reefs of that region and settle some ;
of the questions in regard to their for- j
mation that have puzzled the leading bel- .
fentlsts of the day. The roofs are off the
Brazilian coast, beginning at Abrolnoa ;
'Island near Rio Janeiro, and extending j
northward a distance of 1400 miles to ( ape I
St. Koque. , .
Dr. Itrauner writes that the party has ,
engaged a vessel at Pernambuco and will .
leave about tne 12th for the reefs. The
whole party is reported to be in good >
health. l:.- work on the reels 1? expected
to last about two months and will con
sist of a careful study and mapping of
the reef and coast lines and the collection ,
of specimens for the Harvard and Stan
ford museums. The sandstone reefs are :
from a few feet to a thousand feet from j
the ore line and parallel to it. forming I
a protection from th* waves and supply- ■
ing where the water Is deep enough a j
pale anchorage for vessels.
The coral reefs are further from the \
Shore. The controversy In regard to their j
formation Is Interesting, Th. theory of j
the famous scientist Darwin is that ,
coral formations are not found at great
depths but thai they have grown up I
from land which was once near or above I
the surface of the water and which has |
gradually sunk with the ages. On the
other hand. Murray., a famous British i
scientist, who sailed around the world
with the Challenger expedition ■ few
years ago. contends that they have grown
only from ridges of land under water
which were never at any great depth. It
is to arrive at the truth In regard to the
corals that Dr. Brauner is exploring the
reef?.
The expedition is conducted under the
support of Professor Agassis of Harvard
University and the data gathered will be
published' by that university. Dr. Brauner |
will use some Of it in completing a. work
on coral formations, which he began
while In Brazil during the seventies, when
making a geological survey of the coun- ;
try.
TELLS OF THE THEFT
OF CARRANZA'S LETTER
Major Bittinger Says That the Affi
davit Made by Bell Is
Untrue.
MONTREAL, Quebec. July 9.— The affi
davit made by George F. Bell that Lieu
tenant Carransa'a letter -was stolen by
him and afterward distorted nnd enlarged
by Chief Wilkie of Washington is pro
nounced by Major Bit tinker, United
States Consul here, to be utterly untrue,
Mr. Bittinger gives for the llrst time the
details of the stealing of the letter.
Ho says thai some weeks before the af
fair the movements of Carran*a and Dv
Bos( hail been watched by Ralph Rod
fern, a member of the United States Se
cret Service, and that, finally; Redferri
decided to get Into the house by securing
a permit from the landlord to inspect it
with a view to leasing it. Redfern save
the name of Nicholson, and was accom
panied by a man and woman belonging to
the "Bo'u ' Fltzslmmons company, who
were here at tue time, and whom he hap
pened to know well. During the Inspec
tion, the letter was stolen .by Redfern and
brought to the United Plates Consulate.
Mr. Blttinger cautioned him that he
might get Into trouble for stealing the
letter, but Redfern put It in an envelope
without opening it and handed it to a
railway conductor to be mailed to Wash
ington. Mr. Blttinger says he never
heard of Bell,
YELLOW FEVER PATIENT
ALMOST OUT OF DANGER
Success of the First Practical Test of
Seropathy in This
Country.
NEW YORK. July 9.— Should the condi
tion "f Oscar F. Lackey, the yellow fever:
Bwinburni Island, continue to
show the Unproveraent to-day tha4 was
exhibit lay Dr. Alv&h H. Doty.J
health officer ot the port will be able to"'
<!. . lare him out of danger and to an
nounce th< ' the Hrst test of the
f this <ih ■■ Mrotherapj that
has ever been made In thla country-
It was evident yesterdaj that the phy
sicians who have been watching the case
night and daj since the serum was used'
were practically assured thmt the patient
would recover. I-i* Doty: however, de- ,
clined to venture any prediction.
"Everything seems favorable," said Dr.
Doty "Beyond that 1 do not care to F"
at present. Bhould the same conditions
continue to-morrow i niay have some
thing more definite to say."
They Drew R Crowd.
STOCKTON, July •.— The two local ball
teams— Terminal City Wheelmen and the;
Stockton Athletic Association-occupied
The diamond at Goodwater Grove to-day
he Terminals winning by a score of 13
to 4 The biggreft crowd of the season ;
■Witnessed the gam*.
DARES AN ARMED
ROBBER TO SHOOT
Chico Man's Challenge
Is Taken Up.
HE IS MORTALLY WOUNDED
RAID UPON LABORERS RIDING
IN A BOX CAR.
Outlaws Compel Them to Give Up
Their Money, Firing at One of
Their Number Who
Resists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. July 9.- <J. R. Martin, for- j
merly a restaurant keeper at Chico, Cal.,
lies In a room in a local lodging-house
probably fatally woilnded. <>n a chair
by his bed rest;; his slouch hat, torn in
three places by a bullet which entered
Martin's skull above the temple and pass
ed out at the back of his head.
Martin is the victim of one of the mosl
cold-blooded hold-upe thai has so far oc
curred In this vicinity. The Sheriff and
: , jkiss. an searching the country for the
assassin, bui so far without success.
The shooting took place in a Great
Northern box car at an early hour this
morning at h point mar the washlngt in-
Idaho State line Martin entered th< •ar
on Saturday evening at Bonnera Ferry,
Idaho. There wen about twenty other
nvii Inside. The freight train pulled
westward, and at about 2 o'clock this
morning stopped at a water tunk twenty j
miles east or this city. Two men climbed ;
in the car. one carrying a bunch of oil- ;
soaked waste, which he had lighted as ;
a torch. Both men wore handkerchiefs
over their faces, and each was armed.
one man approached Martin and shouted:
"Throw up your hands or 111 blow
your head off!"
Martin replied contemptuously: "Go
ahead and shoot; you haven't got the
sand to shoot."
The words were hardly out of Martin's
mouth before then was ;>. Minding glare
and a stunning report, and Martin fell,
shot through the head.
The other occupants of the car tumbled
over each other in a mad effort to escape.
The outlaws forced th»-m back to one
end of the ear, and slowly and thorough
ly searched each and compelled him to
surrender all the cash he had They
even searched the pockets of Martin, who
lay unconscious on the floor. Prom Mar
tin they got .'!."< cents in change and a
check for $2« SO. When all had been
searched the robbers crawled through
the end door of the ear, leaped from the
train and disappeared.
When the train arrived at Spokane
Martin was removed from the car and
given medical attention. The Sheriff was
notified, and. with a posse. Is out search
ing for the robbers. Martin's wound, the
doctors say, will probably prove fatal.
Martin has been working recently on
railroad construction in Idaho. He is 4.'.
years old and unmarried.
LOUISVILLE CONVENTION
MAY BE VERY SHORT
It Is Expected That the Taylor Slate
Will Carry the Day
Easily.
LEXINGTON, July 9. -The Republican
Stute Convention, which meets here next
Wednesday, may !><• a record-breaker for
quick work. The Democratic State Con
vention at Louisville two weeks ago
broke the record otherwise, being in sea
si on an entire week.
There are three candidates for the Ro
pubilcan nomination for Governor—Tay
lor. Stone and Pratt.
Attorney General Taylor claims that
about two-thirds of the delegates are in
structed for him. Hie friends claim that :
Colonel Stone aad Judge l'ratt cannot nt
fect the vote fur Taylor by any cbnfblna
tlon between themselves, and even with
candidates for the minor places. <"olone!
Stone and Judge Pratt are expected here
to-morrow, and th^tr friends promise
some surprising developments, but the
present Indications ire thai ihe Taylor
men will orgatiize the convention anil be
able to carry through what is known as !
"the, Taylor slate." Taylor is' called me
national administration man. while Gov- ;
ernor Bradley and other State admlnistra- i
tlon men are" considered fta favoring some
other man.
lr' the results of the county conventions
are ratified the convention acre this week
nil! ;>e as brief as the recent convention
at Louisville was prolonged. Sim-.- bo.i ,
Stone and Pratt were distanced in the
rare before the county conventions, there
have been efforts to concentrate on Hon. :
John W. Yerkes or some other dark
horse, but so far these movements have
collapsed.;
KENTUCKY DEMOCRATS SPLIT.
May Put Up a Candidate to Oppose
Goebel for Governor.
BOWUNG r.HKEN. Ky.. July 9-Ever
since the Democratic convention at Louis
ville two weeks ago then- has beer, talk
ol another Democratic State ticket. The
anti-Goebel democrats of Warren ha\ - o
railed a meeting here for to-morrow.
in the event of the initial movement
being taken up in other parts of the State,
Hon. John D, Carroll, Colonel W. C.
Breckinridge and ex-Governor .1. Proctor
Knott are Bpoken of for the nomination
for Governor. So far. however, this
movement 1» limited to certain localities.
Run Down by p Train.
ELKO, New. July a.— Michael Sheridan,
section boss on the Central Pacific, was
killed by a train a few miles east of
Deeth this morning. He was going along
the track on a railroad velocipede when
he was run down from behind by a special
teachers' excursion train.
England's Bering Sea Patrol.
VANCOUVER, H. C, July It— H. M. S. ■
.Pheasant and [carius will perform patrol
duty this year in Bering Bern and probably i
will Etart about July 16. The Amphion,
moved south to relieve the Thunder, which :
will cone .north. The flagship Warspite ■
is expected at Esquimau next Monday.
. «. .
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed m ton cohrs, tilt 14x21 inches. \
read/ for framing.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1899.
TEACHERS ENJOY
A DAY OF REST
Many Hie Themselves
to the Seaside. %
HUNDREDS OF NEW ARRIVALS
— ♦ —
LOS ANGELES THRONGED BY
EDUCATORS.
The National Council Will at To-
Day's Session Hear the Read
ing of Papers and
Reports.
Special Dtopetch to The Call. !
LOS ANGELES. July To-day was
strictly observed an a day of rest and
recreation by the member? of the Nation
al Educational Association and the thou
sands of visitors who have been nocking
to the city during the past week. , j
The morning and afternoon trains
brought In hundreds of delegates and
their friends, but as the registration bu- ;
reau was closed during the day no accu- !
rate estimate of the number of new ar
rivals to-day could be obtained.
Among the prominent arrivals to-day
was Allen Davis of Washington, D. C,
president of the business department of
the association.
From early morning and during the en
tire day and evening the railroad!* to the
numerous seaside and mountain resorts
were taxed to the limit of their capacity,
and the city streets, which during the
past week have been thronged with new
faces, were practically deserted. The va
rious houses of worship were not over
looked, many churches being taxed to
the standing-room limit.
To-morrow the National Council of Ed
ucation will hold its second session which
will be opened by Hon. W. T. Harris,
United States Commissioner of Education.
Mr Harris will read a report of the spe
cial committee of the department of su
perintendence on school hygiene.
Other papers and reports will, be read
as follows: '
"Differentiation of the American Sec
ondary School," by Charles H. Keyes.
principal of the High School. Holyoke.
Mass.; report of the committee on State
Normal Schools, by Z. N. Snyder. presi
dent of the State Normal School, (ireeley.
Colo.; "I 1 We Need a University Trust?"
by L. D. Harvey. State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, Madison. Wis. ;
"Psychology for the Teacher," by Dr. E.
C. Hewett.'Bloomington, 111.; "The Edu
cational Progress of the Year," by Dr.
Nicholas Murray Butler, Columbia Uni
versity, New York city.
On Tuesday at noon the annual meet
ing of the board of directors of the Na
tional Educational Association will be
held, and at 3 p. m. on the same day the
thirty-eighth annual session of the asso
ciation will be launched.
BRILLIANT BALL
GIVEN AT HAVANA
Ludlow's Function Well
Attended.
— * —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. July The reception and
ball last evening Riven by General Lud- ;
low, military commander, outshone every •
other social function In Havana in recent |
years. Innumerable red. white and blue
electric lights, thousands of roses, hun
dreds of flags and no end of sabers, bayo
nets and rifles, artistically grouped . made .
the scene within the palace memorable.
More than a thousand guests attended.
Music was furnished by two military
bands. All the foreign Consuls were In at
tendance, most of them wearing glitter
ing orders, and many of the women dis
played handsome jewels. General Ludlow
gave the function in honor of Independ
ence .Day, and the representative Cubans
and Spaniards of Havana were present.
American officials here are surprised
at the large number of Cubans now ap
plying in the province of Santiago for a
share of the American gratuity. The Cu
ban officers had assured them that there
were not a hundred men In the province
who would accept money from the United
States, basing tiie assurance on tele
grams which purported to come from
Santiago. Even when it became known
that tnese dispatches were inspired by [
Cuban malcontents here, and concocted
in the Inglaterra Cafe, it was still felt
that these opponents of a rational solu
tion of the Cuban army question might
be able to prevent a large number from
applying to the American paymasters.
Those who knew the facts of the case be
lieved that the Santiago insurgents were
much underestimated on the payrolls, es
pecially as the Cuban generals had al
ways claimed that more than CO per cent
of 'the army was in Santiago province.
It turns out that the jealousy that ex
isted in war times between the eastern
and western troops still exists, and that
those in Santiago Province are more like
ly to reject than accept advice from Ha-
V A?*Banctl Splrltus. out of ISO men mus
tered out payment has been made to 175.
Sixty weapons have been delivered to the I
Mayor of the city. Two hundred and ,
eighty-four applications have been re
fused. The supplementary lists will be
ready in about ten days.
TWENTY-SEVEN BCYS
BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Populist Reform School Superinten
dent Has Trouble on His
Hands.
OMAHA July 9.— A Bee special from
Plankinton. B. D.. says: The recent
change. In th.-- management of the State
Reform School here, whereby T. H.
TompkJns, a Populist, was put in charge
Instead of a Republican, was made the
occasion for a mutinous outbreak on the
part of the inmates. The trouble occurred
on Saturday and has caused the manage
ment a good deal of uneasiness. The boys
were out on the campus playing hall when
the order was given to fall In line and
inarch back to the building. The young
sters refused point blank and took to
their heels, the shouts of the new super
intendent having no effect upon them.
The guards were at once called and the
Sheriff was called and all joined in the
pursuit. . ,
Twenty-seven boys got away from the
Rounds, and after a long and heatea
chase extending into the flight, all were
caught and brought back except two, a
Norwegian and a big Indian, who are still
at large. On their way ha... the boys
made slurring remarks about the new
"Pop" superintendent and averred that
they had planned to make the break for
liberty with the change of management.
The ringleader Is a big fellow named John
Williams. _
COLGHOVE BOOM LAUNCHED.
Is Candidate for Governor of Mich
igan.
CHICAGO. July 9.— A special to the
Times-Herald from XiUs. Mich., says:
Philip T. ColgTOVe of Hastings has for
mally launched his boom for the Gover
norship as a geographical and antl-tac
tioiml Republican candidate.
State Senator Potter, who is managing
his campaign, has pent letters to leading
political leaders urging an indorsement of
Mr Colgrove on the ground that a? the
Senatorship will surely go to the eastern
«ide Western Michigan is clearly entitled
to the Governorship. These letters v.-era
sent' to Plngree and McMillan men alike.
♦ ' — • ■■••. . r [■;■'••_ -- ■ .■*
Grain Fire Near Biggs.
BIGGB, July 9.— A grain fire Started on
the Mindreman ranch to-day, burning
about forty acres of wheat and a com
bined harvester owned by William
Looney.
SABBATH KEPT
BY ENDEAVORERS
The Sunday Newspapers
Were Laid Aside.
A NIGHT OF CONSECRATION
EVERY CHURCH IN DETROIT
CROWDED TO THE DOORS.
The Convention Will Come to a Close
To-Night With a Grand Rally
in Each of the
Tents.
— — ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
DETROIT, July 9.— Although a large
majority of the army of Christian En- j
doav.orers in Detroit utilized the street ,
cars to-day, a considerable portion re- j
framed from reading the Sunday news
papers. Few of the pastors who occupied
the various pulpits went to the" extreme ;
of inconveniencing themselves by walking ,
long distances; as did Rev. Charles M.
Sheldon, author of "In Ills Steps," who \
walked' more than three mile* to preach
from the text "One Is our master; all we ;
are brethren" to a congregation which en
tirely exceeded the capacity of Bethany
Presbyterian Church. Mr. Sheldon spoke ■
optimistically of the signs of the times, ,
especially the awakening of the social con- j
science, with better relationship between
employers and employed; federation of j
the church movement toward civic right- ;
eousness, and an awakening to the stew- j
ardship feature of the Christian life, as to
his money, time and talents.
The features of the afternoon were
crowded meetings for men and women
exclusively and a Sabbath observation j
rally. Thirty-five hundred men filled the
floor and galleries of the Light Guard arm- |
ory at the men's meeting. The men sang
with enthusiasm, and a very large propor- ,
tion publicly pledged that the occasion
would be witn them a landmark from
which would date a better life. Secretary
Baer conducted the meeting and Rev. Dr. i
J. Wilbur Chapman of New York preached
from Job. xvlii:18: "Ye shall be driven
from light into darkness and be chased
out of the world," the theme brought out
being the fate of the persistent sinner as
compared with that of the godly.
Mrs. P. E. Clark, wife of President
Clark, presided over the women's meet- i
Ing, which tilled the Woodward avenue
Baptist Church. Mrs. Joseph Walker of
Queensland. Australia, led the devotional
service. The programme of addresses was
as follows: "'The Women of Mexico,"
Mrs. C. Scott Williams, San Luis Potosi,
•Mexico; "The Women of China," Miss
Caroline E. Chlttenden, Foochow, China;
'The Women of Asia," Miss Jessie Ack
erman. Chicago; "Woman's Work for Her
Country," Mrs. Howard M. Ingham, Jet
ferson," Ohio. I
Westminster Presbyterian Church could !
not contain the audience which attended j
the Sabbath observance gathering. An ,
address upon "Sabbath in the Home was
delivered by Rev. Dr. David McAllister
of Allegheny, Pa. He held the religious
development of the family to be of the j
utmost Importance, the family being the
foundation of the civil structure and th*
cornerstone of the temple of worship.
Said he:
"We cannot carry on our civilization nor
keep our young people to the front unless
they are trained in Sabbath-Keeping j
Rev. C N. Howard of Rochester, N. V.,
related at length the story of some al
leged futile attempts made in that city
toward Closing the "side door on bun
davs. He. argued insistently that prohi
bition is the only true solution for th?
saloon question. The closing speech was
made by Hon. John Charlton M. P., of
Lvnedoch Ontario, ."What the Sabbath
May Do for Vs." The speaker's idea was
thai Sabbath observance bad a far more
potent influence in character building and
world development than had commonly j
been conceded in later years. ; -
To-night an additional touch of solem
nity was Imparted to the meetings of tho
Christian End.-avorers. The generalities) :
of religion were in' some measure n^g- !
lected and the evening worship in thirty
one Protestant churches of Detroit and
Windsor took the form of consecration
services. - ,
The participants In these unostentatious
but Impressive services seemed to b3
striving, to make a direct personal appli- j
cation of the tenets of their faiths; many
were the pledges of more exalted efforts
for the coming year and more earnest
Christian service. The capacity of the
churches was taxed, and the rapt atten
tion of the crowds to the one subject of
consecration was Impressive in tho great
est degree. ...
President Francis E. Clark conducted
the consecration services in the wood
ward-avenue Baptist Church.
The big- convention will end to-morrow
night. There will be Junior Endeavor and
missionary rallies In each of the bif
tents a prison work conference and great
farewell gatherings in conclusion.
SUBSISTS FOR WEEKS
ON GRASS AND ROOTS
The Sufferings of a Prospector Lost
in the Mountains Near Roafl-*
land.
SPOKANE, July After having b*en
lost in the mountains nearly three weeks,
with nothing but leaves, grass and root?
for food, William Edwards was found
and was to-day taken to a hospital at
Rossland, B. C. He Is pale, emaciate']
and well nigh insane as a result of his
experiences. Particulars are gleaned
from him with difficulty.
On June IS he left a prospector s camp
on Sophie Mountain for a walk. He wan
dered into the mountains and when night
came be found be was lost. For days he
wandered about. Peeking in vain some
familiar trail to guide him to camp. Fu
rious storms came up, lasting several
days at a time. to add. to his discomforts.
Once a cougar came to him in the night
and smelWl of him. He arose and
screamed and the animal was frightened
nway. Ho subsisted on grass and .-oofs,
hut 'this made him violently ill. During
the last days he would fall frequently
from exhaustion, and ho was delirious
most of the time.
To-day at 3 o'clock a Rossland tailor,
who was owt hunting, found the half-de
mented man and brought him to 'own.
His clothes are in rags and he presents a
pitiable condition. All the toes on hi*
right foot were frozen and have dropped
off. The hospital physicians say he may
recover. _
Guests of Dr. Jordan.
STANFORD T'NIYERSITY. July ? —
President and Mrs. Jerome H. Raymond
of the University of West Virginia a:
Morgantown. W. Va.; President Enoch
A. Bryan of the Washington College of
Science at Pullman. Washington, and W.
J. Spillman. professor of agriculture at
the same institution, were the guests of
President David Starr Jordan to-day Tho
two institutions mentioned are young but
progressive, under the leadership of ablo
men. The visitors were shown about tfie
campus and admired tho university grerH
ly. President Jord:m will leave Stanford
on Monday morning to attend the mt-etln^
of the National Educational Association
at Los Angeles. Professor Qeorgt M.
Richardson :<nd a number of others will
accompany him.
WILL WELCOME BRYAJT.
The Silver Orator to Pay a Visit to
Colorada Springs.
COLORADO STRINGS. July !>.—Honor
able W. .1. Bryan will speak in Colorado
Springs to-morruw. He will arrive in the
morning at I'>:-4T>1 ' > : -4 T> o"clock and in the after
noon will make the ascent of Pikes Peak
on the cog road.
The silver leaders of the city are mak
ing hirge preparations to give him a big re
ception, and It is expected that the mass
meeting at which he will speak in th.>
evening will be a memorable one. Gov- i
ernor C. S. Thomas will preside.
' Fire at Roxborough.
PHILADELPHIA. July 9.— The new
steam bakery of Henry Wauklin. located
at Roxborough a suburb of this city, was
destroyed by fire 10-day, entailing a loss
of |7d,000
MAY CULL THE
PLENARY COUNCIL
American Archbishops
to Consider It.
AN IMPORTANT ASSEMBLAGE
— #
NEARLY TWENTY YEARS SINCE
ONE WAS HELD.
Archbishop Keane Has Left Rome
and Will Arrive in Washington
• in October — Mgr. Martinelli
Is Coming West. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Tt. is said at
the residence of the Apostolic Delegate
that the reports emanating in the West
that a plenary council of the Catholic
church in America would be held two
years hence are doubtless the outgrowth
of the well-known fact that these coun
cils are held about every twenty years,
and that two years hence will. mark the
twenty-year period from the time of the
plenary council of Baltimore, held in '1882.
The assembling of such a council is' an
event of unusual Importance to the
church, as it brings together the entire
hierarchy of Archbishops and Bishops to
frame the legislation of the church appli
cable to this country. Before it can be
held, however, there must be a due de
termination by the authorities in the
countries, then directions from Rome for
the assembling of the council. Prior to
the council of Baltimore the American
Archbishops made a visit to Rome and
petitioned the Vatican for the assembling
of the coifncil. This procedure is not es
sential, though some such formal action
is required, and In case a council Is to be
held In -1902 It is thought the coming meet
ing of the American Archbishops which is
to be held in Washington next October
might consider the matter and frame a
petition to the Vatican. It is not known,
however, whether such a plan is being se
riously considered by the prelates, ' and
the report from the West Is said to be a
conjecture which may or may not prove
true. Except that plenary councils are
held every twenty years and there is a
desire to make this the established period
for their assembling, there is said to be
no special occasion for such an Important
convocation of church authorities.
The question of "Americanism." which
has excited much attention, has been din
posed of finally by the letter of the Pope,
and it Is said this is not a subject which
could come before a plenary council. The
condition of the church in Cuba and other
Spanish-American countries is working
out satisfactorily, and it is said this
would not require attention from a coun
cil, particularly as the Cuban. Porto
Rlcan and Philippine churches are still
outside of the American hierarchy. For
this reason the new Archbishop of San
tiago will not be present at the coming
meeting of American Archbishops, nor
will other branches of the Spanish-Amer
ican churches be represented. Thus far
the American church authorities have
been given no duties in connection with
the church in Cuba. Porto Rico and the
Philippines, the affairs there being direct
ed through apostolic delegates reporting
directly to Rome.
The new Apostolic Delegate to Canada,
Archbishop Franconia is well known to
the church authorities here, and the ap
pointment is regarded as an important
one, owing to the position of the church
in public affairs in Canada, particularly
in the province of Quebec. Archbishop
Franconia was brought up in Allegheny.
Pa., and for some time was connected
with the Franciscan fraternity there.
Later he was Vicar General at St. Johns,
N. P... thence going to Rome and being
advanced to a high place near the Pope.
1 His former residence in this country is
: relied tipon to make his administration
in Canj.'da an auspicious one.
Archbishop Keane has started from
Rome for this country, but hr will pro
ceed slowly, making frequent visits on I
the continent,- and not reaching Washing
ton before October. • i
Mgr. Martinelli. the Apostolic Delegate, |
will go to the. summer school at Madison. |
Wis., the latter part of this month, and i
will make several other visits in the i
West. " ;
SIX MEET DEATH
AT A CROSSING
Family of William Rein
hard Wiped Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, July 9.— A1l but one of the
seven members of the family of William
Reinhard of this city were killed and the
remaining one was badly injured by a Big
Four passenger train this afternoon. The
dead are:
WILLIAM REINHARD, aged 41.
RACHAEL REINHARD, aged 40.
ARTHUR REINHARD. ,
-WILLIAM REINHARD. aged 9.
' KARL REINHARD. aged 7.
EDWARD REINHARD. aged 5. .
Injured: Clarence Reinhard, aged 14,
collarbone broken.
The accident occurred at the \\ ood
ward-avenue crossing of the Big Four.
Mr. and Mrs. Reinhard and their five
children were out for a drive in a
surrey They arrived at the railway
crossing just "as a west-bound passenger
train was due. The carriage was struck
by the train and Mr. and Mrs Reinhard
and Arthur and Karl were killed outright.
Edward and William were bo badly^ui
jured they died after being removed to a
hospital; " Clarence sustained severe In
juries, but it is believed he will recover.
The horse was literally ground to pieces.
The crossing has long been regarded as
a dangerous one. the view of the Incom
ing trains being obscured by a high fence.
The train was running at a high speed.
JONES NOT OUT FOR
GOVERNOR OF OHIO
Will Not Oppose the Regular Demo
cratic Nominee Unless a New
Party Is Found.
TOLEDO. July Mayor Jones to-day
took occasion to deny the stories that
have been printed to the effect that he
expects to be a candidate for Governor
in case John R. McLean is nominated' by
the Democrats. . " -
Mayor Jones stated to ;he Associated
Press thai personally he is not anxious,
nor is he waiting an opportunity^ any
sort of disruption to take the field, He
feels he owes the citizens of Toledo his
service as Mayor at least until such time
as the people "of the State demand an in
dependent candidate, He will not hesi
tate then to go into the field for- any
office where he can be useful.
i It is thought the feeling will crystallize
in the State after the Democratic conven
tion At the Buffalo conference Mayor
Jones received assurance that the com
bined efforts of the reform movement will
be with him should he desire to be a can
; didate. ■■
Menlo Park Improvements.
MBNLO PARK. July 9.— Menlo Park
will soon have two new buildings of
which it Will hP proud. They are tho
now Hoitt school and a hotel to replace
the Oak Grove villa, which was burned
some months ago. The Hoitt school
house will be commenced immediately.
The new hotel, which will be owned by
Thomas Fitzgerald, is already in process
of construction, and will be ready for
occupancy on October 1. The hot>M will
be erected on the old site, opposite the
station, and will be two stories in height.
of wood, and contain about thirty rooms,
including parlors, public and private din
ins: rooms, suites and single rooms. Mc-
Bain of Menlo Park has the contract,
the price Is $6000. i
CAMP FOR LEAGUE
OF CROSS CADETS
Colonel Sullivan and Party Inspect
the Site at Santa
Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July 9.— A 'delegation of the officers of the League
of the Cross arrived this noon to lay out Camp Fallon. Those in the
party were: Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr.. lieutenant Colonel T. F.
Ryan Major P. J. McGloin, Major D. C. Deasy. Major William H. Mc-
Carthy. Captain J. P. Duffy, Lieutenant H. Biahoney, Lieutenant J. A.
Watts. Thomas H. Fallon, and after whom the camp is named, and th^
caterer of the camp, M. Abrahams. They were met by prominent Catho
lics and had dinner at the St. George. They then went to the grounds
where they are to camp, measured and laid out streets and selected the
place where the ranges and dining: tents are to be situated.
The camp will be pitched east of the Dolphin baseball park and the
drill ground will be where the Grand Army of the Republic is now
camping;. The location is a fine one and borders on the beach. It was
decided that the military mass, which will be celebrated on each Sun
day, shall be held in the Dolphin bathhouse.
An invitation has been sent to Bishop Montgomery, founder of the
league, to be present as the guest of Camp Fallon during the encamp
ment.
The delegation returned to San Francisco on the afternoon train.
The advance guard will arrive on Thursday.
CANADA MAY GET
THE COVETED PORT
Alaskan Boundary Com- j
mission Returns.
FOSTER IS VERY RETICENT j
WILL NOT GIVE ANY DEFINITE j
INFORMATION.
Watershed Back of Dyea and Skag- i
uay Will Probably Be the Boun
dary Line at White
Pass.
Special Dispatch to The call.
TACOMA, Wash.. July The Fair
banKS-Foster Alaska boundary party re- j
turned from the north to-day, and inter
views with members of the party indicate
that the watershed on White Pass, back
of Skaguay and Dyea, will be accepted
as the International boundary line at that*
point. The White and Chilcoot passes
constitute the storm center of the Alaska
boundary controversy. At these points
the Canadians hope to secure concessions
that will enable them to anchor down a
port cf entry into the Klondike gold fields
and all the other parts of the country
thereabouts where concessions are looked
for are of little importance compare.. j
with the Lynn Canal territory, which is
the key to the situation. ;
Senator Fairbanks, when interviewed, j
placed importance on the fact that he
must sit with the Joint High Commission
in August, but declined to state what
lines of argument he would take Up. He
expressed great satisfaction at having
made the trip. Regarding boundary mat
trrs that were discussed during the four
weeks spent in Alaska, Senator Foster
declined to speak. • ■ ■
"Personally," he said, "1 am opposed to
yielding an "lnoh of United States terri
tory. A careful Investigation, however,
demonstrates that there may be different
constructions placed upon the treaties in
volved as regards channels, the situation
of lesser islands and the like. But. in the
main the United States is plainly given
a strip of territory north of Portland
Canal, or thereabouts, ten marine leagues
inland except where a well-defined moun
tain range places the boundary nearer the
coast This strip runs up to Mount St.
Ellas Many contend at the passes that
the watershed back of Skaguay and Dyea
is the dividing line. On the one side are
the headwaters of the Yukon and on tne
other the streams flowing into Lynn
Canal are formed. Between these two
districts these is a chain of mountains, ;
thus, in the opinion of some, bringing the
boundary line some eighteen miles nearer
the coast. This seems to be a fair ex
pression of the American view of the
boundary question. By this construction
of the treaty it is held that England will !
receive the benefit of every point that can
be fairly and honestly granted. On the j
other hand, however, the Canadians and |
many of the Englishmen hold that the <
boundary should be drawn thirty miles
or ten marine leagues inland from the j
headlands. By such a construction, of |
course. Lynn Canal would be an inlet !
into Canadian territory and ten marine j
leagues inland from the headlands at the |
entrance would be many miles south of I
Skaguay and Dyea, and hence Canada and :
England would"" have the coveted port of I
entry without a question of doubt. As ,
I look at It. personally, the Lynn Canal Is
» part of the sea or ocean. Therefore it |
would be unfair to draw a lino thirty i
miles inland from the headlands at the ;
entrance to bodies of water of that na- i
ture and call it the boundary under the j
treaty. " .•■'-■-'
Wednesday night a reception will oo i
given here to Senator Foster, Congress- i
men I>alzell and Payne, the National ;
Editorial Association and the officers of |
the lowa and the McCullOch. Senator !
Fairbanks has been invited to be present, i
but says his duties in connection with the '
boundary dispute compel him to leave for I
the East to-night via Portland. ;*• I
Strong Men,
7
S-: : MEN OF NERVE,
§■ *5f MEN OF MUSCLE,
j£ r^k L J f MEN WITH CONFIDENCE,
li^JlW/L MEN WITH FIRE and VIGOR
OF YOUTH!
jg^ / i a Who la the man that does not
s .' W a 7w\ want to ■' Strong? It Is an ambi-
■*)*. \ MLv * - I \. tion worthy of the truest manhood;
I lB^*"" ' vi^S ; A' and the stronger a ir an is the
/ wH I ■ y stronger he wants to be. because he
N> v \'t "\' r ' Jm *, knows that his strength— his health
«;r« v $kkufo*\iVZ -Jr'-mK\ * - 1S the best part of - him. With
JlßFflrJ^Qß&U^&Xhc+Wl.' Wt '£,- strVv= a man can fight ill fortune
>W -*J -and win. Without it he is a victim
- '•- of all the evil that is afloat. Mental
— " -■^^fT^<S^^'!S^Y :^ £: - x '\L -7^ and physical vitality is born in every
>.v. man. and when it is lost the great-
" ift'rtT^i //' '■^rTwTl^^ T V> est capital that man possesses is
f-^^f nVvJRSK* /■ \^ gone. It should be regained. Man-
-4 •/I ' I^LlJ^cTiJCK?'} t 1<» hood demands that it be regained.
'V 71/ S / 'JP^V Vuv vA,h because without it a man is only
* fl'iSk l\ y\ltl %/' half a man. Happiness comes from
"i 7i -I \ ' V '•lv'^'^r N strength, and to be happy you must
/" ' , / \ . ,\\ \ O^ be strong.
DR, MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is a magnificent remedy for weak men. Its touch is the touch of magnetism.
It fills the nerves with snap. It charges the body with a grand force of
vitalizing energy, and turns back the hand of time for men who have begun
to feel old, broken down and feeble. It is a grand remedy for all weakness
in men.
READ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S BOOK FREE.
It is full of valuable information to weak men. It explains why medicine
fails and Dr. McL.aughlln"s Belt cures. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric "Belt is as
good for women as for men. Book free. Call or address
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, £££&%£?& tii
Office Hour*— B. a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IX DRUGSTORES.
MAJORITY TO ROLE
CONSULAR BOARD
Baron yon Sternberg
Finally Gives In.
ADMINISTRATION IS PLEASED
CHIEF JUSTICE CHAMBERS WILL
BE WITHDRAWN.
Under the New Agreement a Recur
rence of the Late Troubles
Will Be Almost Im
possible.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. July ?.—
Advices received by the State Department
show that in the administration of the Sa
moan Islands by the consular board ma
jority rule will prevail. By his agree
ment to such rule Baron yon Sternberg,
German representative on the Samoan
Commission, has again supported the po
sition originally assumed by this coun
try. Negotiations for the appointment of
the commission were nearly wrecked by
the declaration of the German Govern
ment that under the treaty of Berlin three
Consuls had to be unanimous before ac
i tion could be taken, and this rule, it was
! declared, should be pursued in the de
i liberations of the commission.
The United States and Great Britain
desired that majority rule should prevail
in the commission, though the necessity
' of unity on the part of the three Consuls
i was admitted: but the German proposi
tion was finally adopted. The fact that
Baron yon Sternberg has agreed to ma
jority rule in the consular board is very
I gratifying to the authorities here, who
j say it means there cannot possibly be
• a "recurrence" of the conations which
' brought war to the islands. •••; ».-■. >-• -
i It cannot be learned to what extent Dr.
I Solf. president of the Municipal Council.
; has been given authority to act with the
i Consuls,, but it is known he is a part of
I the provisional government. Chief , Jus
' tice Chambers plays no part in the ad
i ministration of Samoan affairs, and it is
i stated In official circles that he will be
withdrawn from Apia in a very short
! time. With his departure all the officials
! who were concerned in the trouble with
! the exception of Consul General Osborne
1 will have left the islands. No complaint
i has been filed against Mr. Osborne, and he
will remain if he so elects.
If a vacancy exists under the State De.
I partm*>nt at the time of his withdrawal
! Mr. Chambers will be assigned to it as a
; mark of his correct conduct during the
I trouble. _ _______ _____
MRS. MAYBRICK MUST
SERVE OUT HER TERM
Efforts to Secure Her Release
Have So Far Proved
Futile.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Greatly as of
ficials regret it. information received by
Secretary Hay from Embassador Choate
leads to the opinion that Mrs. Bfaybrick
will have to remain in prison for the mur
der of her husband in 1889. Failing in the
present effort to secure the woman's r-
leas«\ it is authoritatively stated that the
present administration will do nothing
further to obtain her freedom.
Bmba^sador Choate has been doing 1
everything in his power to cause favora
ble action by the British Government upon
the request that Mrs. Blaybrii Is be lib
eral 'i. He hns found the higher officials
favorable to compliance with the request,
but permanent under officials eh ■ m bo bo
Of the opinion that the ends
justice have not yet been sen Mrs.
May brick Bhould be compi . serve
out her sentence she will n
until l? 09. She will begin I nth
year of her imprisonment .
and it had boon hoped by ( 4
that her release would th<CARING FOR
THE FLOOD
SUFFERERS
Governor Sayers Devises a
Method for the Distribu
tion of Supplies.
WATERS JET RISING
It Is Now Estimate! That the
Texas Crops Are Damaged to the
Extent of Forty Millions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 9. — Governor
Sayers spent the day at his office !
receiving reports from the num
erous committees which have j
charge of the work of rescuing ;
and distributing food supplies to the |
flood refugees. The Governor also re- j
ceived many contributions from Texas |
towns and individuals' of Eastern and
Northern cities to-day in behalf of the
destitute people. Blair & Company of
New York City, sent a draft for $500.
The situation is much more serious
than was Indicated a day or two ago.:
It is now fully realized that it is coins |
to be a big task to take care of the ;
homeless and needy until they can be I
provided with shelter and work. A plan ;
of action by which it is hoped an abun
dance of the necessary supplies can be
obtained was perfected by the Governor
to-day. It consists of the formation of :
districts each of which is composed of
counties that v. ere unaffected by the
flood and are contiguous to the inun
dated region. The county Judges in j
these districts were asked to call on j
the people of their respective counties j
for aid and forward the contributions
in the way [food and clothing to cer- ;
tified distributing points. j
The sea of water in Fort Bend, Waller, I
Brazoria and Austin counties did not |
recede to-day to any appreciable ex- j
t<=>nt. A telegram was received here |
this evening from Sandy Point, Bra- j
zoria County, stating that the water]
contlnuued to rise there all last night |
and this morning. Thousands of addi- ;
tional acres of cotton, sugar-cane and
corn were inundated and the property
loss greatly increased, according to re
liable information received from every \
county in the flooded districts during
the past two days.
The first estimates of the aggregate j
loss to the cotton yield will be exceeded ;
several times over. There is no longer
the slightest doubt that there have been \
fully 700.000 prospective bales of cotton \
swept out of existence. The actual loss
may exceed this estimate, when the real
condition of affairs in the bottoms be
come apparent. A careful calculation
made to-day by Judge N. A. Cravens, j
private secretary of Governor Sayers,
from the reports on file in that office
shows that the length of the overflowed
districts extends from McLennan Coun- ■
ty to the gulf in Brazorta County, a
distance of 325 miles. The average!
width of the overflowed bottom or val
ley of the Brazos River is about ten
miles. In some places the water cover
ed the rich agricultural land to a width j
of fifteen miles, while at other points
the width was not more than four
miles. Taking these conservative cal- ;
culations as a basis it will be seen that
the total number of square miles inun- ;
dated was 32,500 or nearly 21.000.000
acres. Estimating the cotton yield at |
only one ale per acre and the value of |
each bale at $20, and calculating that j
only twentieth of the inundated
district was planted in cotton, the loss
from that source alone is $20,000,000.
Estimating the loss to each acre of the
remaining 19.000.000 acres at $1 and the
total of $19,000,000 is obtained, which.
added to the cotton loss makes a grand
total of about 540,000,000.
It is claimed by those who have been
through the inundated region and j
viewed with their own eyes the terrible i
destructi'-n that has been wrought that j
the foregoing estimate is not any too ,
high. I
11. B. Eat<-n of Burleson County was
here to-day to buy provisions out of his
own private purse for the refugee ne
groes on his inundated plantation. He
says that all the planters of his section
who are so fortunate as to have a bank j
accc-unt are showing a generous' dispo- '
sition toward the destitute men, women
and children who were in their employ
when the flood cr.me. In explanation
of how it came about that there are so |
many waterbound negroes in the bot
toms. Mr. Eaton said:
"The- highest flood in the Brazos
River previous to this record-breaker
occurred over thirty years ago. Thej
valley of the stream was at that time j
comparatively sparsely settled and the j
loss of life and destruction of •
property was not so very great. i
All along the course of the river
might be seen markings to in- j
die ate the height reached by the flood
at that time. The negroes kepi outside j
the bounds of these high-water marks j
for many years, but finally began to J
grow careless and built their homes
nearer and nearer the river. When the •
present great rampage began hundreds ,
of negro families moved their livestock
and household effects above the old
high-water mark. They thought they
were safe there, but the waters contin
ued to come upward rapidly and before
the negroes were aware of their danger
the flood had risen many feet above the
high-water mark erf the last great flood i
and cut them off from all escape. They
then climbed trees, where they endured
from two to three days of untold suf
fering before rescue came."
Ninety-five per cent of the flood suf
ferers are negroes. By this it is not
meant those who suffered loss of crops,
but only those who are destitute of
clothing and shelter. There are many
thousands of well-to-do negroes in
Texas, but they have not responded to
the call for aid which has gone up from
thousands of destitute members of their J
race. The only contribution received I
from negroes by Governor Bayers is $10, j
which was raised by a local lodge here, j
Menlo Park's School Principal.
MENLO PARK, July 9.— Professor Van
Horn has been elected by the School
Trustees of Menlo Park to the position of
principal of the Menlo Park Public School
to succeed H. C. Hall, who has bt-en in
the position for seventec-n years. This
action is= the sequel to the stubborn fight
made a few weeks ago against Hail's ran 
(iid.'iTfs at the annual trustee election. A
number of Menlo' s millionaires then took
an' active part in the contest against Hail,
and by the election of Professor V'ari
Horn they are victorious.
PROBABLY A
TRICK OF THE
AUTHORITIES
Stories of Attacks on Non-
Union Miners Are Lack
ing in Corroboration.
burkewelTguarded
Reports of Violence Said to Be a
Canard to Bolster Up the Claim
That Troops Are Yet Needed.
Special Plspatrh to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 9.— A
report gained some circula
tion yesterday that a number
of masked men had visited
several non-union miners at
Kurke on Friday night, and threatened
them with death if they did not leave
the country and that two men had
left because of such threats. These
men are said to have been Ellis Hale
and ..n enrineer named Wayne.
After a careful Investigation of this
report The Call correspondent can find |
but little to support it. The only fact |
tending to corroborate it is the '"~ap- j
pearanc of Hale. It is said, however,
that he had expressed an Intention to
leave a week ago. That masked men
could do any such thing as is claimed
seems impossible. A full company of
soldiers lias been stationed at Hr.rke.
and the town is thoroughly guarded.
The town rite I* situated in a canyon
barely wide enough for the two rail
road tracks which pass through it, and
in five minutes soldiers could traverse
the entire town. Citizens here do not
give any credence to the story, and
personal corroboration of it cannot be
found. One i <er says it is a canard
originated by the State authorities to
i...lster up their claim that the troops j
are still needed here. It would seem
the height of folly to attempt such in
timidation.
The struptde between th<> unions and
the mineowners Is now virtually noth
ing more than a game of freeze out. The
State authorities openly avow their In
tention to stamp out unionism in this
district, and union men seem doggedly
determined to flght it out to the end.
They have shown a disposition to obey
the edicts of the commanders of the
military, and in any event an attempt
to resort to violence would simply re
sult in the extermination of the miners.
They know this and seem to have
avoided a clash with the authorities
under trying circumstances in many
instances. On the other hand there
seems to be ground for the assertion
that union men are being run out of
the State.
Frank Shannon, a young man who
has been confined in the bull pen «ev
eral weeks without any charge having
been made aerainst him. was liberated
a few days ago. He says that he was
advised b" Sinclair that he would be
safer in some other section of the
country. After his release he stayed
about Burke, and Friday night was
again placed under arrest and brought
to Wallace to await transportation to
the bull pen. where he met Sinclair,
who. according to Shannon's story,
gave him the choice of leaving the
country the next day or imprisonment.
Shannon chose the former, but before
the train left on Saturday he was sub
per.aed as a witness in the Corcoran
' There are many rumors of violence
emanating from either side constantly
in circulation, and the story of the
masked men at Burke is not substanU
at< d by any tangible proof.
STEUNENBERG SPONSOR
FOR THIS STORY
BOISE, [daho, July 9.— Governor Steu- ;
..,i,ls sponsor for the following;
story never before published:
Very booh after Governor Stnin^nherg |
entered upon his official duties in 1897 he:
was confronted by the Coeur dAlene
question .Under theformer administration
Borne military companies had been or- !
ganized In that Bection In order that a
force might be at hand with which the
State could preserve order in rase of any
future threatened outbreak. These com
panies were recruited from .among the
ranks of non-union men principally at
Wardner and some other points, iheir.
presence greatly disturbed the miners
unions and Governor Steunenberg had no
sooner been Installed In office than a
movement was started to have the mili
tary organizations disbanded. One of the
first Bteps in this movemeni was taken bj
the Shoshone County delegation in the
Legislature, all the members of which
we?e elected "n the miners union ticket.
This delegation, live In number, waited
on the Governor and earnestly requested
him to disband the militia He asked
his visitors whether he could depend upon
order being maintained In this section of
the State In the event of his acceding
to their request. They assured him very
Positively that it would contribute to the
interests ol law and order to have the,
military companies disbanded, because, as
they said the militiamen were an aggra
vatlng element in the community, likely.,
by their alleged insolence, to precipitate
trouble at any time. After talking over i
this feature of the subject some time ■.
the Governor asked his visitors very
pointedly if they could assure him that
there would Vie no more outrages nk e the
Kneebone murder If he should disband,
the militia. The murder referred to was
a specially aggravated instance of crime
committee! by these unions. Kneebone |
was murdered In broad daylight while
th.- superintendent of a mine at which he :
was employed, and two other workmen
were run out of the country. The dele- '.
gation parried the Governor's question,
and he repeated It, and finally brought
forth the respon.se from one of the men
that It was a d)fferent kind of a matter, i
The Governor asked him to explain him- !
self, ami he bluntly stated that Kneebone !
deserved to be removed. This statement
astounded the Governor, and lie asked |
why Kneebone deserved to b<* removed.!
He was told that it was because the mur- |
dered man had made himself obnoxious. I
"But how had he' made himself ol x
iuiis?" ask>-«l the Governor.
"Well, he talked against the union. He
declared that he could set along with
out belonging to the union."
"And do you mean to say," asked the
Governor, "that a man should be killed
who thus makes himself obnoxious, as i
you call it, to a portion of the commu
nity," and the member of the Legislature
plainly slated that that was his meaning
The Governor appealed to each of the
other visitors to know if they all concur
red In that view, and they all said they
did.
James D. Vning, who was elected Sher
ift of this county last year, now under
arrest, was one of the legislators who
waited upon the Governor upon the occa
sion referred to. The Governor did not
accede to the request to disband the
mi!itia.
Given away wtth each cash want adver
1 1 semen t ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten co/ors, tize 14*21 inches,
reafy for framing.
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 18ft9.
CHILD VICTIM OF
THE KISSING BUG
Little Heler) Leersch) Bitten While
Playing in a Trenton
ParK-
TRENTON, N. J.. July 9.— Little Helen Leersch died at her home on
Second street early this morning, a victim of the kissing bug. Three phy
sicans have been in attendance. Little Helen's body was swollen to twice
its normal size before she died, and her symptoms were most unusual.
Accompanied by her parents. Helen went on Thursday ror an outing
in the city park. Owing to the heat Sirs. Leersch had dressed the child
in thin clothes and the girl's neck and arms were bare. While her father
and mother sat an a bench and chatted, Helen romped about, playing in
the shrubbery and on the lawns. Mrs. Leersch, when her little daugh
ter returned to complain that something hurt her. discovered several
bright red spots on the little one's arms and legs. The child's complex
ion was waxen, and after careful examination Dr. Griffith suspected that
ehe had been bitten by a kissing bug.
The little patient grew rapidly worse and Dr. Griffith decided to call
in r,-ther physicians to aid him in treating the extraordinary case. He re
lated the mother's statements about a black bug in the park, and the
three physicians, after further exam inntion of the rhiU's condition and
symptoms, agreed that they were those of a person who had been bitten
by a kissing bug. They decided that the situation was grave and ad
ministered medicines, both externally and internally, but without avail.
Her abdomen hardened and the blood became as thin as water. Before
death she was unconscious.
SULZER'S NEMESIS
A FAIR POLITICIAN
Mrs. Mason Well Known
in New York.
WAS A CAMPAIGN SPEAKER
— ♦ —
CONSPICUOUS AT DEMOCRATIC ;
HEADQUARTERS.
Woman Who Is Pursuing the Con
gressman to Alaska Had An
nounced She Was His
Fiancee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 9.— Friends of Rep
resentative William Sulzer were interest-!
Ed to-day in the story that Mr. Sulzer, on j
his way" to Alaska on a fishing trip, had
been pursued from. New York by Mrs.
Harrington, who declared she was the
fiancee of the Representative. According
to the story. Mr. Sulzer and his friend,:
H Demanvllle of New York, arrived at
Vancouver B. C. on Wednesday, and on
the following day Mrs. Harrington put In
an appearance, evidently To the discomfit
ure Of Mr. Sulzer, who early on Friday ,
j morning slipped Quietly away from his
! hotel and boarded a steamer bound for
Alaska It was said he did not succeed j
, £ eluding the vigilance of Mrs. Harring
i ton. who obtained passage on the sain.'
"in political circles it was said to-day
Ithat Hit- woman probably was Mrs.
Dorothy Harrington Matton , who took a
conspicuous part In the local Democratic
campaign of 1887. Mrs. Mason, who ih
a handsome woman of the brunette type
Is said to have come originally trom the
upper part of this State, and to haie been
the widow of a British army officer. Dur- ,
Ing the campaign she was constantly in j
attendance at the Democratic headquar
ters in the Hotel Kartholdi, where she
made the acquaintance of many prom
i inent politicians. At her suggestion B
big Democratic me.-ting for women was
'held in Lenox Lyceum, at which Mrs.
' Mason delivered an eloquent address.
She was often seen at that time in the
company of Representative Sulzer. to
■ whom, she said, she was engaged to be
■ married. It is also said that she was fre- |
auently seen with the Representative In
Washington during the session of Con-
S1 When 1 in NeV^York Mrs. Mason lived In
Kast Tewnty-fifth Btreet, near Lexington
William Sulzer was one of the best
i known Congressmen In Washington He
! was a •■lively" member, always ready to
1 "kick up a "row." Sulzt was regarded
as something of a crank He was In
ordinately vain, and prided himself upon
1 his fancied resemblance to Daniel Web
ster He claimed he was chiefly respon
i sible for the declaration of war against
I Spain having been passed by Congress.
• Sulzer is an enthusiastic member of Tarn
; many, is a hustling politician and one
of tlie boys/] .
COMPTROLLER REQUESTED
TO REVIEW HIS DECISION
Letter to the Civil ServiCe Commis
sion to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 9. — The Civil
Service Commission has made public its
letter to the Secretary of the Treasury
of June 23 last asking, that the Comp
troller of the Treasury be requested to
review his recent decision in the matter
of the alleged illegal appointment of dep
uty United States marshals. In the course
of his decision, the Comptroller said: •
I will not km back of . the certificate of ap
pointment by the head of a department or
appointing power where no direct law has been
violate.l and attempt to ascertain whether
such officer in making such appointment has
disregarded some rule or regulation or the civil
service commission or rule or regulation of his
own regarding the classified service.
"prefer to let the responsibility rest where
it rlehtfullv belongs and follow the precedent
of years in my office to recognise the cer
tificate of appointment of the head of the de
partment or ottier appointing power to office
or place, where such appointment is not In vio
lation of law or without authority of law.
You are authorized to pay such deputy If his
account in all other respects Is correct.
The commissioners in their letter -contend
that the appointments under consideration
were made In violation of the express
terms of the law. and quote numerous au
thorities to show that the rules and regula
tion" have all the force and effect of law and
that exceptions to these rules and regulations
can be legally made only In the manner pro
vided by the law. • ' : "^ ''■"
The letter concludes as follows:
Thus from another point of view also we
must arrive at the same conclusion indicated
"the early part of this decision, namely (I)
that the Comptroller does not Intend to hold
that so long as a position in the classified
service is not exceptcd from the requirements
incident thereto, an appointment can be made
to such position without compliance with the
Provisions of the civil service laws and rules
r«fiulrinK such appointment to be made through
examination and certification by the commis
sion and (2) consequently the only question left
at issue Is now, if at all. a position once in the
classified service can be legally executed or
withdrawn from the requirements of law In
cident to its classification.
And It has already been pointed out In the
first Dart of this communication ill that the
aw prescribed a certain definite manner In
which only the position can be thus with
drawn or excepted; (2) that In the case before
the Comptroller the position was not with
drawn or excepted In the manner prescribed,
and (3) consequently the conclusion cannot be
escaped that the appointment to the position
in a manner contrary to that prescribed was
illegal and void and hence the person appointed
was not entitled to any compensation or emolu
ment accruing to the office.
Will Wed at Berkeley.
MARYSVILLE, July 9.— lnvitations
have been received by Marysville friends
announcing the wedding of Miss Olive B.
Bpohr, for four years teacher of physics
and mathematics in the Marysville
High School, and V. K. Chestnut, which
is to take place at 2107 Dwigtit way,
Berkeley, on July IS. Both are graduates
of the State I'niverslty, Miss Spohr of the
class of '94 and Mr. Chestnut of the class
of '90. He was formerly Instructor in
chemistry at the university, and is now
assistant in the Department of Agricul
ture at Wash^ggton. D. C,
EARLY PLANS FOR
THE STATE FAIR
Board of Agriculture Is
Active.
MANY FEATURES IN SIGHT.
SACRAMENTO COUNTY LENDS
ITS SUPPORT. .
Entries for the Harness and Running
• Races Will Include the Best
Stock in the
West.
Special Dispatcn to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 9.— Preparations
are under way for the forthcoming State
Fair season, and the clerical force of Pe
ter J. Shields, secretary of the State
Board of Agriculture, is kept busy tiling |
and answering applications from intend
ing exhibitors in the several departments j
of the annual exposition. The Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce has taken a hand
and has appointed a committee to co-op
erate with the agricultural directors in
providing attractive features for the fair.
Various "days'" are to be set apart and
their observance made popular events at
both the race course and the pavilion.
The agricultural directors have met the j
Chamber of Commerce committee in the
moat cordial spirit, and they will without j
doubt work in perfect harmony for the
success of the exposition this year. Here- :
tofore the local merchants have not taken ]
as much interest as they should in the i
pavilion display, but the belief Is general t
that there will be no further ground for i
criticism against the business men of this
city, who appear resolved to contribute
their full share toward improving the
pavilion features. . -
Had it not been for the loyal enthusiasm
of Mrs. E. M. Shield*, a well known or
chardlst, the county of Sacramento would
have gone unrepresented at the pavilion
display of farm and orchard products last
year. This year, however, the Patrons of
Husbandry, who are strong in this coun
ty, have shown a desire to manage the
county display. Many members of Po
: mona Grange No. 2 appeared before the
Board of Supervisors yesterday and ar
gued that its members should have the ;
control of the county exhibit. It was
shown that other granges In the county
had met and passed resolutions favorable
to the application. In recognition of the
past services of Mrs. Shields, however,
the Board of Supervisors stipulated that
she should be the chairman of the com
mittee of three which it would appoint,
the two others to be members of the
grange. Chairman Curtis then appointed
Mrs. Shields chairman of the county ex
| hibit committee and John A. Read and
i Thomas Walte, both of Pomona Grange,
as the remaining members.
It Is the intention to have a Grangers'
day at the fair, and no doubt it will prove
a noteworthy event.
The State Fair will open on September
4 and continue to the 18th, Inclusive. On
Saturday next entries to the twelve $1000
stakes and two $1500 purses offered by the
Agricultural Society will close. It Is be
lieved the list of entries will be larger
than that of any other association on the
i coast. The entries in the nomination
I purses close July 15, the horses to be
named by August 15. The two $1500 purses
are free-for-all stakes and will, it is be
lieved, bring some of the fastest flyers on
the coast to Sacramento.
ROBBERS' CACHE FOUND
ON STANFORD CAMPUS
Stolen Bicycles Hidden in the Tunnel
Leading Into Frenchman's
Lake.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July !>.— A
Strange storage place for stolen bicycles
haa been discovered on a remote corner
of the campus. About ten days ago two
bieyM?s were stolen from the residence
of Rev. J. Wt Graybell in Palo Alto and
no tm~e of them could be discovered. This
week the two wheels were found by some
students secreted in the underground tun
nel leading into Frenchman's Lake, back
of the university. They evidently had
been hidden there, until they might be
safely disposed of.
The tunnel is a curious one, having been
built years ago by the old Frenchman,
Peter Couttfl, to whom much of the pres
ent campus once belonged. The use of
the tunnel has been the subject of spec
ulation, and whether it was for the pur
pope Ox developing water, or whether it
constituted an elaborate system of hiding
plnceß for defense is not known. A Stan
ford r.tudent two years ago took up the
matter for Independent research, but be
yond Keating one or two new caverns he
discovered nothing.
The present instance is the first known
where the tunnel has been used as a rob
bers' den.
WILL ORGANIZE A
CO-OPERATIVE COLONY.
Joseph Johnson Will Build a
City on the Shores of
Lake Erie.
TOLEDO. July 9.— Plans have been
formulated for a large co-operative colony
to be situated on Lake Erie, near here,
and SOOO acres of land are to be secured
to be devoted both to farming and manu
facturing interests.
The promoter of the scheme is Joseph
A. Johnson of the State of Washington,
and he has with him a number of local
people who have ample means. Mr. John
son to-day announced that it is the inten
tion to build a city which will engage in
a commercial trade, the profits of which
are to be divided equally among the mem
bers of the colony.
Mr. Johnson states that $WOO has been
pledged to the enterprise, and that $10.
--000 more will be raised to mako the colony
perfectly independent from the start.
P. H. Moxhan Dead.
NEW YORK, July 9.— P. H. Moxhan,
a millionaire and philanthropist, died at
his home at Vlneland to-day, aged 78
years. He accumulated most of his wealth
in the mining business in Montana.
HARDSHIPS
OF WAR IN
WET SEASON
Soldiers in the Philippines
Practically Sourrounded
by Water.
BUNKS NOWJFLOODED
Manila Bay Impossible of Naviga
tion and No Vessels Are
Leaving the Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, July 10.— It has been
raining and storming almost
constantly for two days, and
the country along the Ameri
can south and bay lines is liter
ally flooded. The soldiers are suffering
great discomfort. The Thirteenth In
fantry Regiment at Pasay is in the
worst position, being practically sur
rounded by water.
The bridges that were used for get
ting supplies have been washed, away
and some of the companies are now
separated by streams six feet deep. In
many cases the men are sleeping with
three f^et of water beneath their bunks,
which are elevated on cracker boxes.
The company cooks, when preparing
the meals, stand knee deep in water.
Some of the roads leading to Pasay
are simply impassable and the rice
fields on all sides are one great lake.
A high wind blew over several tents of
the Second Reserve Hospital.
Manila Bay is impossible of naviga
tion by either launches or canoes and
no vessels are leaving the harbor.
The United States transport Centen
nial Is ready to sail for San Francisco
with discharged soldiers, but the latter
have to sit around the water front all
day drenched to the skin, waiting for
a launch to take them to the steamer.
The river Pasig and all the other
streams arp swollen and city streets at
all low points are covered with water.
FILIPINO LEADERS
READY TO DESERT.
MANILA, July 6 (via Hongkong July 9>.
Friendly Filipinos in Manila have been
the medium of communication between
the American authorities and the military
leaders of the insurrection in I'avite
}T. vince which for some time promised
to result in bringing over a prominent
general and several hundred of his fol
lowers with their arms. If the negotia
tions had succeeded the outcome would
have had a great moral effect, for other
detections doubtless would have followed.
Were the general's name given it might
had to action Similar to that which has
befallen other Filipinos suspected of
friendliness toward th.- Americans. He
hud foreseen the failure of the Insurrec
tion and advised Aguinaldo to make
terms, but it la understood that he has
sent word to the Americans that, having
sworn to support the insurrection, he
must remain loyal to the end.
Similar negotiations are said on good
authority to have been conducted with a
member" of the Cabinet of the "p-called
Filipino Government, who himself took
the initiative. Some form of money con
sideration figured in the discussion with
his friends.
ORGANIZATION OF THE
TEN NEW REGIMENTS.
WASHINGTON. July 9.-The War De
partment officials are busily engaged in
preparing the list of appointments of ofll
cern not already announced for the ten
new regiments of infantry to be organized
fur service in the Philippines. Approxi
mately there are nearly 500 of these in all,
Including those of the lii»e and staff. Ihe
colonels for nine regiments have been
made public, but the selection for The
tenth it is said, has not been definitely
determined. All officers for the regiments
are to be from the regular army estab
lishment and from among those who saw
actual service in the Spanish war and
whose records and capacity are known at
the War eDpartment. A large portion ot
them are expected to be announced dur
ing the early days of the week.
ST IXH'IS Mo.. July 9. -Captain H. K.
Bailey I*. S. A., in charge of the recruit-
Ing station at St. Louis, received a tele
gram to-day from the War Department
at Washington Instructing him to l» sin
recruititig to-morrow under the recent «r
--der of the President that additional troops
be raised for duty in the Philippines.
BURIED TREE UNCOVERED.
Struck by Well Borers at a Depth of
Fifty-eight Feet.
STOCKTON. July 9- — Th(> country
around French ramp in this county has
long been noted for its geological for
mations The latest discovery which will
interest students was mad.- last week.
While boring an irrigation well at the
county hospital the auger passed through
a tree a 1 a depth of fifty-eight feet below
the surface. Many pieces were brought
to the surface. They were broken in
drawing them up, but Mr. Peck, the farm
overseer, secured and has on exhibition
one piece two Inches in diameter and
eight Inches lonß. The wood is rotten and
spongy, but a portion of the bark still
clings to it.
This is not the first time timber has
been struck at great depths in this vicin
itly Of the several wells which have
been bored on the county farm similar
discoveries have been made in nearly
every instance.
PALO ALTO TEACHERS.
Instructors Chosen to Preside Over
the Grammar School.
PALO AI/TO. July 9.— The School Trus
tees of Palo Alto have elected the follow
ing teachers for the grammar school for
next year: Principal, A. M. Fosdick;
vice-principal, Miss Ilattie Hudson; first
assistant, Miss R. A. Thompson; second
assistant, Miss H. K. Cuthbertson; third
assistant, Miss Mabel Charles; primary,
Mis^ Blanche Horing.
When the board organized last year ef
forts were made to overcome the dis
advantages that the school was then
contending with. The conservative pol
icy of the board baa borne fruit, for at
the close of the term its efforts were re
warded by the splendid showing made
and the complete satisfaction that pre
vailed.
It was expected the Hifjh School corps
of instructors would ho elected the past
week, but action was postponed pend
ing the rearrangement of some of the
courses in the school and the obtaining
of further information in regard to the
applicants for the various positions.
Funeral of W. L. Dudley.
STOCKTON. July 9.— The funeral of the
late W. L. Dudley took place to-day from
the family residence on West Flora street.
The members of the bar met at the court
house and proceeded to the house in a
body. The services were simple, and at
their conclusion a large concourse of pro
fessional, fraternal and pioneer friends of
the departed attended the remains to their
last resting place. in Rural Cemetery.
o
Prohibition Campaign*
STOCKTON, July 9.— The prohibition
ists of San Joaquin County have reor
ganized und announce their intention to
hereafter take an active interest in mu
nicipal and county affairs. Rev. Martin
Shively of Lathrop becomes chairman,
Percy Bliss of Stockton secretary and H.
E. Wolf of Union vice chairman. The
committee will meet on August 5 to map
out a plan of campaign.
THE MOTOR
CYCLE AS A
PACEMAKER
Linton and Miller Import
Three Naphtha Tandems
From France.
NEW ERfIN RACING
Miller Will Branch Out as a Middle
and Long Distance Rider—Au
tomobiles in Philadelphia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 9.— Motor-paced
cycle racing will receive consid
erable of an impetus in Amer
ica by the return from Europe
of "Tom" Linton and Charles
W. Miller. They bring with them three
French-made naphtha tandems and tell
glowing tales of the success of this
style of machine in paced races in Eu
rope.
Two of the machines brought over
are the property of Linton, whose in
tention it is to meet all comers in mid
distance competition during his Ameri
can sojourn. To assist Linton there
came with him one of the best tandem
pacing crews in the business. They
are August Cabaillat of Paris. France, j
who is claimed to be without a peer,
and Dudley Marks. Before the season |
closes this "pair will challenge American i
pacing crews to a series of races on I
motor tandems.
Charles Miller's purpose in importing |
the French tandem is to begin training
for middle and lung distance races. Six
day contests are too few and far be
tween, says Miller, and and so he in- j
tends to enter the class of which Harry j
Elkes and Linton are the most promi- |
nent exponents.
Miller's debut in this style of racing :
will be made in a match with Elkes at |
a distance of 100 miles. After the lat- j
ter's injured arm permits this race will
take place at Manhattan Beach within
a fortnight.
It is Miller's intention to meet Burns
Pierce and Frank Waller in similar
races later in the season.
Both Linti-n and Miller believe that
races of one hour's duration, open to
all, would become as popular in New
York. Philadelphia and other Ameri
can cities as they are in France. In
races of this kind in Paris, says Linton.
as many as ten or thirteen competitors
have started, each paced by a m< >t<>r
cycle. Linton won the Grand Prix de
Paris at fifty kilometers, with the lat
ter number of competitors. The ma
chines the Welshman brings with him
carried him to victory in seven out of
the nine races in which he has started
this year. Among the noted European
rider's he defeated in these contests
were Walbers. Taylor. Bouhours,
Champion. CISCOC and Chase.
Linton. while eager for a match with
Elkes, will first pay his respects to Ed
die McDuffie. The Boston race follower,
he says, issued several challenges to
him immediately after he had departed
from America last year and at a time
when he could not accept them. He
offers to meet McDuffie at any distance
the latter names above ten miles, but
suggests that a series of three races be
arranged, McDuffie to choose the dis
tance of the first. Linton that of the
second and if a third be necessary its
length to be decided by toss.
PHILADELPHIA, July 9.— Jules
Junker, who is perhaps the most
enthusiastic automobilist in Philadel
phia, said to-night that before the sum
mer is past Philadelphia is likely to
have one of the most imposing clubs
in the country. The chief difficulty, he
said, is the present scarcity of self-pro
pelling machines, but this will be soon
obviated. He has three automobiles
now and has another machine built in
France on its way to this country. Its
cost in Paris was J7OO. and the duty to
be paid will be 45 per cent, thus making
a total of $1200.
DEAF MUTES WILL
MEET IN ST. PAUL
Sixth National Convention Will Be
Opened To-Morrow by Bishop
Whipple.
ST. PAT'Ij, July 9.— The sixth national
convention of deaf mutes meets in this
city on Tuesday for a four days' session.
It will be opened by Bishop Whipple. as
sisted by the Rev. A. W. Mann of the
Mid-Western Deaf Mute Mission. Dele- |
gates are expected from all over the i
United States. Papers on different sub- j
Lets of special interest to the deaf mute
world will be read and discussed.
The convention will be welcomed to j
Minnesota by Governor Lind and to St.
Paul by Mayor Kiefer. Judge Mntt <>f
Favibault will make an address. The a<l
-dresses will be interpreted for the deaf
mutes The president of the convention,
the Rev Mr. Koehler of All Souls' parish,
Philadelphia, will respond to the address
es. An excursion to Lake Mlnnctonka
Will be given on the 13th.
ROUNDED ANOTHER MILESTONE.
Quiet Celebration of the Seventy-first
Anniversary of the Birth of
Mr. Claus Spreckels.
APTOS. July P.— Claus SpreekHs. who Is
spending his summer vacation at his coun
try residence her*-, celebrated his 71st
birthday to-day. There was quite an as
semblage of members of his family and
intimate friends, who had gathered to ex
tend good wishes for the future and con
gratulations upon the successful rounding
of another milestone in life's pathway.
Mr. Spreckels' unimpaired vigor and ac
tivity wore the cause of much comment
among those who visited Aptos in honor 1
of the occasion, and it was a frequent re
mark that 1h- bore the weight of his three
score and eleven years more easily than
most of the business men of the present
day bear the half-century period in their
lives.
The day was spent quietly at the pleas
ant summer home of the philanthropist,
the guests enjoying to the full the boun
teous hospitality for which the host ! s
noted.
WILL RUN THE ALEXANDER.
George F. Carpenter of Brooklyn Is
Master of the Collier.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— Rear Admiral
Bradford has appointed George F. Car
penter of Brooklyn master of the collier '
Alexander, which is to be kept in service :
for the transportation of coal to naval |
stations. Mr. Alexander will furnish the
crew and food and such other supplies a-s
may be needed. The first voyage the I
Alexander will make under the new meth
od will be to Manila, to which point she 1
will take a supply of coal.
The Navy Department has been advised
of the arrival at Pago Pago of Civil En
gineer Chambers and party, who will es
tablish a coaling station at that point.
Barbed Wire 'Phone Line a Success.
STOCKTON, July 9.— The barbed wire
telephone line has been completed be
tween La Grange and the Dickenson
warehouse. The line Is working very sat
isfactorily and will be extended to Geneva
and Merced as fast as possible. Another
contemplated extension is to White Rock.
The farmers are delighted with the inno
vation, which is cheap and answers all
the requirements for communication be
tween the different towns.
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
I What a Little Faith Did
FOR MRS. ROCKWELL. ,
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM HO. 69,884]
"I was a great sufferer from female
weakness and had no strength. It was
impossible for me to attend to my
household duties. I had tried every-
thing and many doctors, but found no
relief.
My sister advised me to try Lydia
E. Pinkhams Vegetable Compound,
which I. did; before using all of one
bottle I felt better. I kept on with it
and to my great surprise I am cured.
All who suffer from female complaints
should give it a trial." Mrs. Rock-
] well, 1209 8. Division St., Gka>*d
! Rapids, Mich.
From a Grateful Newark Woman. ■
" When I wrote to you I was very
sick, had not been well for two years.
'The doctors did not seem to help me,
and one said I could not live three
1 months. I had womb trouble, falling,
ulcers, kidney and bladder trouble.
There seemed to be such a drawing
j and burning pain in my bowels that I
could not rest anywhere. After using
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and Sanative Wash and follow-
ing your advice, I feel well again and
stronger than ever. My bowels feel as if
they had been made over new. With
many thanks for your help, I remain,
L. G., 74 Ann St., Newark, N. J."
■•"•
JOE POHEIM,
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
Pacific Coast, and it in the only house
where you get fine clothes at moderate
prices. gjj
PANTS ft SUITS
TO ODDER 4»§^k 1°
$4.50 mm ■ $10.00
5.00 JBM J3.50
6.00 WSf 15.50
7.00 til 17.50
8.00 fill /.U.UU
9.00 ill 25.00
10.00 **JMI 30.00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
The firm of JOE POHEIM it the largest on the Coast.
Rules for self measurement and samples of cloth sent free.
If garments are not satisfactory in every respect, money
refunded. oqi ami UK', Montgomery St., and
1110 and 1112 Market St., S. F.
485 Fourteenth St., Oakland
143 S. Spring St., Los Angel**
"EYE-GLASS
CLIP,
; Which we attach (for SO cents). Don't slip—
tilt— or waver— It Is always put in our new
eyeglasses without extra charge.
Pacific Coast Agents for
Bausrh & Lomb-Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses.
. Goertz TrieJer Binoculars.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
i premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market st. instruments
unset cnomcie nuuowi.
DR. ABORN,
: EYE, EAR, CATARRH, ASTHMA AND LUNG
SPECIALIST.
OVER THIRTY YEARS' PRACTICE.
His Inhalation, Building Up and Vitalizing
i Treatment Give Instant Relief and Cure when
\ ordinary methods fail. A born' a Essay on the
Curability of Consumption, with evidences of
some extraordinary cures, can be had upon
application.
OFFICE and RESIDENCE, 534 SUTTER
1 STREET, bet. Powell and Mason, San Fran-
cisco. HOURS— to 12 and 2to 4. >. .. . .*.
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great }
{museum OF ANATOMY^
A C& 1051 UABKST ST. tat S7:i, S.F.C:!. d
T . C^^ The Largest An»tomic»l Museum in the \
A ■ fh___ World. *V eaknes«.e» or any contracted m
V OW JBJA dise*-e po!»iH»«-ly cured hy the oldest T
%fE 31 Specialist en the CoMt. Est. 36 year;- 0
A nW*i DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
\ I^W^l Consultation frrr and «ri-tly priva:?. v
I' J UWfl JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
f (fatal ("wulutpn frrr »vA stri tly rnva:- \
I Xiw'H TrMtmeni personally nr by Irttcr. A §
\n i# «II ' iMI " v 0 %ure I" every case undertaken. T
ml lift Write for Book. l»HII.OJ»«l-a Vor A
• II Inl mnniAr.K, MAILED FKEE. lAf
A i* 11 valuable book for mrnj \
I " »H. JOKDA.V A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
SlsrS vmus
™V£r%i*l (*%k THE NEW
istDay &J- vu c ra CDC y nil
VI7ALSS JOthEay i*» » DCiiCnV
rRODKKS THKABOTK 30th Day. HEnlCilsil
HESII.TB. Itquickly * surely removes Nervousness. Impo'enpy
, Kißhtly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Di««»« and all erTecti
of self-ahtuy or rxees* and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitalitr
I Powe; and Failing Mem-ry. W, r! i, ,ff Insanity and Cop.urnpl
I tion. Currs when all others fail. Insist on having VITA LI
: do other. Can be carried in the vast pocket. By mall ♦! O«»
per packsre or six for *5.00 with a guarantee to Cure Ot
Rrfnnd the Money. Circular free. Address
j CAM'XET CURE CO.. 884 Dearborn M., Chleag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., 3ai<2wln l'hanaacy,
1 ■W. 3. Bryan (two stores). Cr&nt Drue Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
I DR.PSERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOO,LBVER.LUMGS.
*^^m^ RUPTURE.
MS^J~~O^~SHI-'- s £ NO MOKE IRON
flWmf^y^rSitf^fy^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
J^iUHaJßKWiWrv^^ Rupture retained with eas«
fl^^jSßv"V*^and comfort, and thousand* radl-
■*"^ /Mr* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
A /£**■ Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICT'Call at
T^jsr office or write for New Pamphlet
No- 1.
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
; 620 MarKet *t.. opP. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
NtKVS 8 A lost vitality
t""u» AND MANHOOD
wmmP*^\ Cures Irn potency Night Emissions and wasting
MK'lfl diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
WP""^T^ indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood-builder.
\l'^Jrr Brings the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re
kjL/7 stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
Rg*cgKL^ box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
JwSP^aitv 1 guarantee to cure or refund the money.
aervlta meaica! Co., CHntcn v Sacfctou sts., Giiicags.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market, S. K.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfe-t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. W -_[■ "-' --
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
I Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
■ regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Drusrgista,
or by mall, RAD WAT & CO.. New Xork.
34
MONDAY JULY 10. 1899
JOHN 'D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. IEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. P
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stev«n»on Street
Telephone Main 3374.
DELIVERED FT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cent*.
Term * by M»ll, Including Postage:
DAILT CALL. (Including 8-inday Call), one year * 6- ™
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call). I month! 3.00
DAILT CALL. endure Sunday Call). 8 months 1-»O
DAILY CALL— By Single Month »°«
SUNDAY CALL One Year *• *»"
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 - tMJ
Ail postmasters are authorized to receive Fubscriptlona,
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE _- __- 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquctto Building,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman Hous«>: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
W«ldorf-Asl r Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. __
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes strczt, ooen until
9:50 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c clock- 615 Lcr^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'ciock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady A!gy."
California— "Migi
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoil— - lamua O'Brien."
Alcazar— •■Camille."
Grand Opera House — "Carmen."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
*nd evening.
Olympta— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Rare*, etc.
Mechanics" Pavilion— Cake ■.■■.. ■-.-■■'■■■•. July 15.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Monday, July 10. at 11 o'clock—
Horses, at 22 Valencia street.
By Ea?ton. Eldridg* & Tuesday, July 11. at 12 o'clock
Real Estate, at 63S Market street
By j, d. Horan— Horses, at Tenth and Bryant streets.
TRADE CURRENTS APPARENTLY
SHIFTING.
TRADE still continues above the average all over
country. All the leading staples are reported
active and some are abnormally so for the
midsummer season. As the half yearly returns from :
the different lines come in it is more and more ap
parent that the business of the United States for the
rim six n the year was phenomenal. There
are indicati 'me decrease in the iron trade, a<
many of the numerous orders mentioned so freely of
late have turned out to be the same orders sent in to
mill after mill in a vain attempt to be filled. Thus
in its travels, multiplies into a dozen
in a very few days, and gives an erroneous impression
n of trade. Still, the iron and steel mi
s wonderfully active, just the same.
Multiplication of the same order cannot he charged
to the wool trade. Price; for the better grades have
again been advanced under a lively demand from
rs and manufacturers, and in sympathy with ::
rise ii The Tex; 5 have helped coti
which has also improved. The distributive trade of
the country is naturally limited at this time of the
year, yet fall orders are reported unusually large, in
dicating a brisk fall business. Preliminary re;
- • road earnings show a continued gain, that
for Jun< ■ ■ - the heaviest thus far this year.
The bank I • show unprecedented totals
- for the first half of the year, while
-.-neral trend of prices has been upward, there'
having been few depreciations. All sig oan
export trade but little short of the immense volume
898, the only falling r.ft being in the European
demand for our food products. In fact, the course
of our export trade shows some shifting. Our ex
port during the fiscal year just closed exhibit a de
crease o: $25,000,000 to England, more than $20,000.
--000 to France and $6,000,000 to Spain and Belgium,
this decrease being almost wholly in food products.
The advance in cattle in the United States has had
considerable rr, do with this falling off. Against this
unfavorable shewing, however, there has been a
marked increase in our exports to the Orient. South
Africa and British North America, our shipment* to
China alrne being 33 per cent larger than last year,
while we have materially increased our trade with the
West Indies. Mexico and South America. Thu= it
will be seen that .vhat we have lost in Europe has
almost been n-.-ide up by our gain- in the countries
above named. It would appear from this that business
currents are undergoing some changes.
There is nothing surprising in this. For yesrs com
mercial ec '.;ave been pointing out the grow
ing importance of Asiatic and South American coun
tries, and have freely predicted a brilliant trade future
for the United States in these directions, due to our
superior geographical position. Providence has hap
pily placed us between Europe and the East, so that
from the Atlantic coa-t we can supply the former and
from the Pacific the latter, and this same geographical
position will eventually make the United States the
greatest commercial nation the world has ever seen.
In other v be the financial queen of the
As a matter of : "'ct, we are not very distant
from that position even now.
Conditions in California remain about the same a«
previously noted. Our export trade continues lively,
and the abundant grain harvest promises an even
larger volume I Shipments of lumber are as
. as ever, while the exportation of provisions and
general merchandise is continuously large. Prices
for almost everything quoted in the market reports
are strong and tending upward, and there is not a i
downward tendency observable in any important line
of produce or manufacture. Fruit holds up to it
abnormally high level without difficutly, and ship
merits to the East are limited only by the supply of
cars. The California fruit growers are making a good
deal of money this year, and the State will see the
beneficent results from this fruit millennium later on.
From present indications 1899 will be the banner Cali
fornia year for some time to come.
Two youthful San Francisco lovers who started out
to marry and concluded instead to go to the matinee (
have wise heads on their young shoulders. Each may j
yet make some other happy. {
ISO MERCENARIES.
IN Moscow is the great hospital Dom, to which the
foundlings of the whole empire are sent to be
reared as the children pf the state. In that insti
tution boys are reared, knowing no parents, no fam
ily, nothing but the state, to be put into the army as
officers. Theoretically and practically this secures a
i degree of fidelity that has proved to be a necessary
support of autocracy. The child of the state has no
j family pride nor tradition. What the state orders is
I the command oi father and mother. This system of
i basing autocracy on the accident of bastardy, ot which
! so little is known outside the empire, in a great degree
1 account? for the remorseless things done in Poland,
|in the Caucasus, in Finland and the Khanates. The
: state wants mercenaries. Sin and shame supply them,
and the covert faults of poor humanity build a wall
I around men and races, over which the rights of man
j cannot go.
Freedom is unchangeable. So is tyranny. Impe
-1 rialism is the same cult everywhere.
If the outgivings from Washington are correct. ::s
: methods in this country are* the same as in every land
I where they have been applied.
If this is a republic the people who furnish the
blood and the money required for its maintenance
have a right to the fullest knowledge of all matters,
in war and peace, prosecuted in their name. Early
j in our undeclared war in the Philippines it was said
by soldiers who knew the theater upon which that
war must be fought, and by civilians who knew the
people who must be subjugated by it. that 100.000 to
150,01 rs would be required there. The com
mar. :ral in Manila, successor to Weyler as
< r< neral, as early as the Bth of February
•lie rebellion over. This report he repeated
■ time up to the last of Tune, when he said
be over except for the anti-imperialist senti
ment in the United States, and that he must have
more men. The administration is raising the men.
Its method is by recruiting at the regular army re
cruiting stations. A call on the States for volunteers
to be rilled by the National Guard organizations
would be promptly answered and any quota demanded
would be met. It is given out from the office of the
adjutant general that there are various reasons for
refusing the call for volunteers. It is said that regulars
are preferable: State organizations enlist too much
popular interest; in every volunteer regiment there
is sure to be a new-paper man: the operations of vol
unteers, death and disease among them are fully
reported.
the other hand no personal interest is felt in the
regulars. The case of the immunes is cited. Ten
regiments of the-e blacks were recruited as regulars
during the Spanish war, any number of them might
have been kill< ' •-■■ tn led or diseased, and no one
would have cared; but whenever anything went wrong
with the volunteers Congressmen, Governors and
even State Legislatures came to the front to demand
of the President and Secretary of War the righting of
whatever was wrong. To rid itself of this popular
interest the War Department prefers a class of sol
diers who do not excite it. In other words, an army
as nearly mercenary a-; car, be found is required to
carry out an imperial policy. With such an army in
• ■ Spanish war there would have been no complaint
■ ■ ■••■:-. beef. Contractors could have sold unfit
food at the highest price for the best. The regulars
could have died of eating it and the taxpayers could
have footed the bill and everything would have gone
othly as the most advanced student of addition,
division and silence could desire.
Another reason given for this method of providing
troop? is that it will not be necessary for the people
to know how many are enlisted. As it happens that
the people are paying eight hundred thousand dollars
a day for this Philippine war. it may be found expe
dient to treat them with more frankness. It may be
.- axiomatic that any act of the Executive
Department of a republic which requires concealment
from the p< n r.ct that has no right in it.
THE EDUCATIONAL CONVENTION.
LI IS ANGELES will this week have the "honor of
entertaining what will perhaps prove to be the
most important convention of the year. Even
if the work which it accomplishes, be small in imme
diate result?, the assembly will none the less be a
notable one, for the mere meeting of so large a num
ber of men and women engaged in so potent an oc
cupation as that of instructing the youth of the nation
and shaping the education of the children of. 70,000,
--000 of people cannot be regarded as other than an
event of great moment.
In his work on conditions in this country M. de
Tocqueville said: "It cannot be doubted that in the
United States the instruction of the people power
fully contributes to the support of a democratic re
public; and such must always be the case, I believe,
where instruction which awakens the understanding
i« not separated from moral education which amends
the heart."
That sentiment, written early in the century, is
shared by the closest observers of our institution? to
day. The welfare of our political institutions depends
largely upon our schools and upon the instruction
which i<= given in them. Every educational conven
tion is therefore a matter of public concern, and the
proceedings are watched with a more general and a
more intelligent interest than is accorded to the meet
ings of the representatives of any other single indus
try among us.
When the educators have completed their work in
Los Angeles they should then be provided with a
means of seeing Central and Northern California be
fore they go home. The managers in charge of the
convention of agriculturists in this city very wisely
arranged for the delegates an extensive programme
of travel throughout the State, so that they will be
able to return East with an intelligent idea of what
California is. Something similar should be arranged
for the visiting teachers. The number of delegates
to the educational convention is too large for any
considerable excursions to be provided for al! of them .
in a body, but separate tours might be arranged
that would be thoroughly satisfactory.
ThJEODORE ROOSEVELT.
ST. PAUL made it his aim to he all tilings to all
men, but Theodore Roosevelt is making him
self one tiling to all men and is finding it profit
able. He made a speech to the students of Cornell '
University and lauded culture as the best thing on I
earth, saying amid the cheers of students and faculty
alike: "Our country could better afford to lose all i
the men who have amassed millions than to lose one- ■
half of its college-bred men." Then straightway he
went to New Mexico to meet the Rough Riders, and
in a speech to them said: "I pride myself upon the;
fact that I am an Eastern man by birth, but I want
to say to you that I am prouder of the fact that I am
a Western mar. by cultivation."
Clearly Mr. Roosevelt is a congenial companion to
whatever company he i« in. Before a university au
dience he would rather be a college mp.n than two
millionaire?, and before a mustang audience he would
rather be a cowboy than an LL.D. If there seem to]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1599.
be a contradiction or even a variation in such state
! ments it is a case of seeming that is deceptive. The
genial orator is not a man who has made millions.
i but he is one who has graduated from Harvard and
I has lived in the West, so his philosophy is consistent
with his record.
What he has accomplished in the way of remaining
himself and yet making that self equally pleasing to
the classic assembly in the academic halls of Cornell
and the free and easy crowd that greeted him in New
Mexico is slight in comparison to what he did when
in his campaign for the Governorship he managed to
satisfy the exacting "Goo Goos" of New York poli
tics without in any way ceasing to satisfy the machine
and its boss, Senator Platt. An accomplishment of j
that kind required no little tact and proved that the j
famous Rough Rider is a strategist as well as a
fighter.
There are people who regard Roosevelt's activity
in swinging around the circle from Massachusetts to (
New Mexico as an evidence of a desire to work up a I
boom for himself as a candidate for the Presidency :
next year. All reports of any such intention on his
part are promptly denied by him, but he recognizes
that denials do not count for much in politics. There
is no instance on record of any man ever admitting (
that he desired to be a candidate for the Presidency, j
Roosevelt knows that and therefore he adds to his |
denial something in the way of confirmation. He goes
to Washington, becomes the guest of the President
and from the White House itself reiterates his confi- j
dence that his host will be renominated.
So the versatile Roosevelt manages in every june- j
ture to do the proper thing in the proper way. He [
has all the elements that are required to make up j
popularity, and as Governor of New York he may
show himself possessed of the qualities demanded of a 1
statesman fitted for the Presidency. His one danger i
i? that of talking too much and of being too eager to
say pleasant things. A foolish speed; has blighted j
many a career that was once as promising as his to
day.
THE PLEDGE OND THE PEOPLE.
WERE it not for the serious issues that are in
volved the controversy now going on over
the dollar limit tax levy would constitute one
of the most grotesque farces known to American poli
tics. It contains nearly every possible element of
humor, and reveals the fickleness, the contradictions
and the absurdities of human nature in a striking light
and in singularly ridiculous situations.
For years the talking and vociferous element of the
taxpayers of San Francisco has been clamorously in
sistent in demanding the administration of the city
upon a tax levy not exceeding $i on every Sioo of the
assessed valuation of property. So frequently was the
demand iterated and reiterated that "dollar limit"
became one of the most familiar phrases of the com
munity. Reformers shouted it and audiences ap
plauded it. No municipal campaign was complete !
without it. If the conventions of the two great parties
neglected to include it in the platform there was ,
-•• ghtway organized an independent movement to ;
push it to the front, and numerous and loud was the
band that helped in the pushing.
One administration after another failed to comply]
with the dollar-limit demand. Republicans in office
refused the popular wish and at the next election they
were retired to private life. Democrats in office
scorned the dollar limit, and they in turn were rele
gated to obscurity. At each successive act fixing a'
tax rate higher than that of one dollar on th? hundred,
voices of strong condemnation were heard in the land. {
They came from the people, from the press and even j
from the pulpit. Supervisors were denounced as be
trayers of trust, breakers of pledges, plunderers of the
public, boodlers and robbers— and all because they did
not keep their promise and be true to the dollar limit.
At the last municipal election the old cry was taken
up by Mayor Phelan and sounded by him and his sup
porters with unusual clearness and force. Over and
over again Phelan shouted that slogan until it became
something like the universal cry of San Francisco. 1
When the conventions met each party pledged its ;
candidates to the dollar limit. The pledge was made
as explicit as language can be, and a- binding as any
form of promise that can be made. Because he stood,
as the conspicuous champion of the dollar limit, Phe
lan was elected Mayor, although nearly every other:
man on his ticket was defeated. Not a single man of
either party was elected who was not pledged to thnt
rate of taxation. If there be any such thing as an '■
expression of the will of the people that expression
was given last fall in favor of a rate of taxation not
exceeding $i on an assessed valuation of $350,000,000. |
\\> have now at last a majority of the Board off
Supervisors who purpose to keep the pledge. They
have announced an intention to be true to the require
ments of their party platforms, to make their per
formance in office correspond to their promises of the
campaign. The Finance Committee has reported in
favor of such a levy and the majority of the board;
stands ready to accept it.
Now for the Board of Supervisors there ought to
be applause and praise. Bands ought to play and •
bonfires burn. The citizens have achieved a great !
victory. They have at last in office faithful public
servants. The dollar limit of taxation is assured for ', j
the ensuing year. The reformers, the taxpayers, the
economical administration advocates, the various as- :
sociations for civic improvement, have all a share in
the triumph, and ought to be loud in rejoicing.
Strange as it may seem, there is no rejoicing. There '
is no applause. Many of those who were most insist- j
ent upon the dollar limit are now denouncing the ,
Supervisors for a willingness to grant the demand. ;
Every department of the municipal government is
clamoring for a larger allowance of money, and in !
every case the clamor is supported by a considerable
body of taxpayers and prominent citizens. The Su
pervisors, instead of receiving applause for keeping
faith with the people, are being subjected to a tremen
dous pressure to force them to be false.
Nothing that aristocratic philosophers and wits ever
said of the fickleness of public opinion is any too
mocking to describe what is now going on over this
issue. The very men who demanded the dollar limit
and supported Phelan in shouting for it are now urg
ing the Supervisors to impose a higher rate. The
very men who are now denouncing the Supervisors
for upholding their pledge would have denounced
them just as loudly if they had of their own will
broken that pledge.
There is but one thing for the Supervisors to Jo,
and that is to hold fast to the pledge by which they
won the suffrages of the people. The best way to rid
municipal campaigns of ill-considered policies is to
enforce them. It is time the doll?--Hmit policy
should be tested. The people by a unanimous declar
ation through the platforms of all parties have de
manded it. and because some men have shown them
selves fickle, there is no reason to believe the whole
people are so. If the Supervisors keep faith with the
people they cannot be blamed if the estimates of the
Mayor turn out to be erroneous and deceptive.
The Fourth of July Committee has whitewashed
Colonel T. P. Robinson. The majority of the mem
bers evidently thought he was a "fence."
AMONG THE DIGGERS
OF CALIFORNIA'S GOLD
"With the reopening of the State Print
ing Office this month the State Mining
. Bureau will have an opportunity to do
some publishing when the State Printer
Seta around to it amid the crush of work
i that will follow two years' lack of offi
! cia! printing in all departments of the
; State government.
When the office will enable the Mining
I Bureau to issue mining information is not
known, but State Mineralogist A. S.
Cooper will find out this week.
The bureau will not be able to do all
the printing that has been planned be
cause the last Legislature set a definite
limit for each State institution, allowing
the Mining Bureau $7000 worth of work
at the State Printing office In addition
(50,000 for two years" support. This
will not make the publication of all the
county mining- registers and maps
ble and will limit the output of bulletins.
The mining registers will be the chief
publications of the' bureau during the
coming two years. The energy of the
bureau has for the past two years been
mainly expended on these registers, the
field work having been confined t.> the
"i! and asphalt fields. There have been
about twenty of the county registers com
pleted ready for printing, giving tabulat
ed information regarding all the produc
ing mines, etc.. of each county and ac
companied by elaborate maps giving the
geography, topography, mines, water
powers, etc., on the scale of four mil" 3 ?
to an inch. But $7000 will allow only a
few to he published now, s.-> that those
convenient and valuable works will for
some time include only portions of the
mining regions. Th.pn registers and
maps have been corrected by special dep
uties appointed in the different counties.
There are now twenty-throe of these
county representatives of the bureau tin
der appointment for the purpose of sup
plying the bureau with information and
not for scientific or other field work. The
existing appointees are as follows:
Alameda— Mack Webber. Oakland.
Amador— H. W. H. IVnniraan, San Andreas.
Eutie— H. D. Gage. Cherokee.
Calaveras— H. W. li. Penniman, San An
dreas.
i ntra Cocta— Thomas McMahon. Martinez.
E! Dorado— Charles Webb Howard. Nashville.
Fre>- - • li Kle, Fresno.
W. K. Macmurdo, Bakersfield.
L, s Ans?eles-V,\ L. Watts. San Francisco.
Nevada C. E. Cren, Grass Valley,
ge— W. U Watta, San Francisco.
er— [van H. Parker, Coli
Plumas— John A Edman. Meadow Valley.
E F. McPhall, Hollister.
?an Luis Obispo- George S. Story, ?an L»is
- i P.arbara— J. K. Harringi in, ?anta Bar
bara.
• ■ r-niz— T. H. Wolfe, r-antn Cruz.
Shasta— M. E. Dlttmar, Redding
Sierra— Frank R. Wehe, DownleviHe.
Slsklyou— J. M. Davidson, Fort .Tones.
-• nlslaus— K. D. Gr
Tr;n : r\ W. S Lowden. Weaverville.
Tuolumne— E. H. Barton. Bonora.
The State Mineralogist will issue no bi
ennial report, as had been the custom of
the bureau before Mr. Cooper's appoint
ment, but as many special bulletins as the
funds will allow will be issued. One will
be a report on the oil fields of Los An
and parts of Orange and Ventura
counties, by YV. L. Watts, who has been
working in* that field for about two years
and who is now in San Francisco com
piling his report.
Mr Cooper will himself prepare a bul
n the general oil and asphalt re
.■ . . ■ thi State. James H. Means,
who is about to make a second vis
the Coalinga and other oil fields of the
Ban Joaquin Valley, will pr« pare a brief
report thereon, to b< panied by a
map of the OH City Held. A delayed re-
I the R mdsburg re
gion whicl ■ idled by Mr. Means
nearly two years ago, will also be issued.
•\ bulletin on chlorinatlon and a B]
report on the interesting use of oil i
in the furnaces of the Selby Smelting
Works where oil lias recently been sue
: r coke, are also in
ecu:- mplation.
Governor Gage has not yet appointed
the field deputies required by the last
Legislature, and nothing definite ran now
be said as to the field work to be done
in the mi.iing regions.
During the present week the prospects
of the mining exhibit at the Paris Expo
sition will take shape. Victor Haikes,
who has charge of the mining depart
. f the United States display, will
■. and will settle the amount of
to be given California and th<
ture and -of the exhibit. Cl
<;. Yale, who has been appointed I
California commissioners to take charge
of the State's mining exhibit here a-id In
rmanently In the mint service,
but will probably serve if he Becures a
. from the Treasury De
partmi ni ' eUi n Iron Works I -
sideline- the pro] - I I building a
comph • ' -'amp mill to be
shown In operation.
Probably three-fourths of the gold
In California has for years
Si Iby's, who refine it ana a<
it in the Mint. It has been their custom
to pay the same price and mak.- the
is at the Mint. On gold 708 and
• . •• . charges have been G
an ounce supplemented by an
charge of l cent per $100 worth of gold.
by a - >f 1 cent per ounce
w "here there is 10 per cent of base metal
In •! c bullion, and by a deposit charge
of fl per $1000 or leas. When Selbys de
posited refined gold they were charged
only for the alloy, as the gold was ac
cepted as ready for mintins. for which no
charge is imposed. The profit of the re
finer thus came from the charges as fixed
by the Government.
N vi the Mir»t authorities have, as has
been told in the press, reduced the
main chare* from 6 cents to 4 cents.
making th« charge the same at all the
mints and assay offices. It was stated by
a representative of the Mint Bureau that
the reduction would divert gold deposits
ft-.Tn the private refineries direct to the
Mint But now Selbys have reduced their
charge 2 cents, und will continue to make
the same charge? as the Government.
They thus expect to retatn the business
n t lessened profit and to continue refin
ing the bulk of the gold produced on the
Pacific Coast. Last year the amount so
received and refined amounted to over
$20 000.000 The benefit to the miners by
the reduction is no! much, but it will
count 10 the large producers at 2 cents
per ounce.
Another scheme to recover gold from
eea water has been launched. It is in
1 ondon and is probahly a chimerical
Bwindle. An electrical engineer is report
ed to have invented an apparatus which
will recover the gold from the concentra
tions of ship condensers at sea. Thei ! is
en' ujh on the surface of the idea to make
It alluring, but at 2 cents worth of gold
n of sea water a ship would have
to condense a good deal "f sea water to
concentrate enough gold to pay for oiling
the apparatus. This recalls that the most
rational scheme in this line has been
evolved by an assay<=r at the San Fran
elsco Mint. He proposes to start with
the bittern of the salt works around San
Francisco Bay. at which immense quan
tities of salt water are yearly evaporated.
The bittern, or residue, which is thrown
away In shown to contain $2 worth of
gold OT more per ton. and he wants cap
to rig up an electrical apparatus to
utilize It
The Man on the Automobile is coming.
He miy even do something for the miners.
That depends on how buc< essful he i.-. in
getting up hill. He is said to t>e a prophet
of good roads. The bicyclist surely was.
but he made better roads down where it
is easier riding. If the automobile gets
drmishing around the highways
where the miners" supply trains 101 l
reel and strain it will be a force for
roads. It any region needs good roads it
[ S a busy mining region. The cost of bad
roads to the farmer has been figured to
cents per tons of hay. but the <vst of
twenty miles of bad roads per ton of ore
has n"e\er been figured out.
The pearly defunct Anti-Debris Associa
is again been forcibly h*>ard fr'>m
through its manager and attorney. Rob
ert T. Devlin, who has brought suit in
the Pu; •rl * Court f N ' '••urtv to
the well-known Red Dog hydraulic
mine at You Bet, Nevada County. This
mine is operating on a permit from the
California Debris Association and its dam
was inspected and approved a short time
ago by Major Heaer. The action is thus
an attack on the Caminetti law and on
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal
engineers. A similar suit against the
Kate Hayes mine was recently filed.
Some San Francisco newspaper men are
mining platinum and iridium— that is.
they are successfully saving considerable
amounts of these rare metals along wuh
the gold product of their placer mines on
the Trinity River. The company is the
Adele Mining Company, and the property
is tho old Chamberlain gravel nine near
Paulsen's ranch, where two giants have
been operating profitably during i!
son. Professor G. E. Bailey la manager
of the property.
The bis electric power plant of the
T'tica mine s being rapidly pushed toward
completion. Last week the bed for the
machinery was hauled from Milton. It is
one great casting, weighing 22,500 pounds.
A compressed air plant is being sup
plied to the Red Point mine In Placer
County.
The season's clean-up at the Hupp <fc
MeMurray hydraulic mine on the Trinity
was $17,000. Five grants are being operated
at the l-.i Grange.
A thirty-ton roasting plant to aid in
working tho basi Mule
town district. In Shasta Tour.".-, is
d by W. R. Russell, owner ■
Bon Ton mine. He prop
torn work, besides handling the r.-m T.>n
ore.
The highest assessment in any mining
property In the State is that of J.
on proi ■ rty •■: the Mountain I
i ■ Shasta < Jounty. It Is an In
crease of 5700,000 ever the uss
last y< ar.
The Thorpe mine dosed on Thursday.
It has i ■ en i• : orted that the mill •
be the only departm< I, and the
sinking- operations would be carried on,
but a statement made by one who is in
a position to know says the shut-d wn
will be complete.— Mountain Echo.
In the vicinity of [owa Hill are several
mines in operation, says the Placer
County Leader. The Morning Star and
the Big Dipper employing the major
men. About ten men are employed at the
Jupiter mine, abovi lowa HIU, and we
feel safe in saying that this piece of
■ ■ ■ • ■ rty will prove to be a bonanza to
the stockholders, for every one. inter
ested and dlsint< i I speaks very
iragingly of it. In a short time they
will strike the channel, which they
Will prove valUi
Many arr being profitably run
by men of small capital, who are tnus
to develop their properties themselves.
According to the Scott Valley Advance,
ip for the previous month's run
of two arrastraa concluded at the Lanky
Bob mine on Whites Uulch last Thursday
gave $2 r 'oo worth of the yellow metal from
thirty-- ghi tons of rock crushed, or a/i j
averagi of >"_ 63. In the mine both the
upper and lower tunnels are being ex
tended, running on the ledge.
John R. Scupham. mining engineer and
expert, luxated in th* Crocker building.
San Francis,.i. an Intimate friend of Pr.
Schloesser, representing millions of Eng
lish. Wall street. New York and other
capital, has recently written to Dr. |
Schloesser. says the Lassan Mail, that the
Great Northern Banking Association of
Minneap< Us, one of the wealthiest bank
ing Institutions of Minnesota, is dcs
of investing in some of the doctor's prop
erties at Hayden Hill.
A great deal of minine. mostly develop,
ment work, is going on this season in the \
New River country in Trinity County.
C nsiderable activity in Trinity County
placer properties is reported. Three suc
ilry seasons were badly felt by
' irer mine owners of that district.
and the results of the good water supply
of the presnt year are therefore all the
more noticeable. Sheriff Thomas B»rgin
of Tri: ty has just sold his Berein
placer mine to San Francisco parties, Th
purchase price was $33,000. The sale was
made last week, the news reaching here
Saturday evening. The property consists
, f qi acres, - res of which are known
to contain :vel.— Redding Free.
Press.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. D. Parr ft Salinas !s at the Occi- \
dental.
T. C. White, a banker of Frf-?nn. is at
the Lick.
W. S. Hoffman, a merchant of Carme
lita. is at the Grand.
C. H. Bchlveley. the Oroville banker, is
a guest at the Grand.
J. W. Neville, a merrhant of Salt Lake I
City, is at the Palace.
George Meyers. a tobacconist of J
Fresno, is at the Lick.
Senator E. C. Voorheis of Sutter Creek
l 8 stopping at the- Palace.
Ex-Adjutant R. L. Pe.eler of Sacra
ment ■ la at the California.
\Y. c Sy ne, an architect of Marys-'
ville. Is g at the Grand.
F C. and C. E. Smith, beef packers of i
Portland, ar» guests at the Grand.
Mr?. H. Spencer and son. H. L. RiggS, i
returned from Dawson yesterday and are •
r , gistered at the Lick.
T>r. P. J. H. Farrel. accompanied by
his wife and children, arrived In this city
■• ■ lay morning and are at the Palace. :
A number of educators en route to the
tlonal conference at l-f>p Angeles ar- ■
terday. The following are stop-
I the Russ: John R. Park, State ■
Superintendent of School? of Salt Lake j
City; R. E. WTitte of Great Falls. Mont.: .
J. F. Steth and Frank and WUlard Bel! of j
Salt Lake City.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
In the French navy orders will shortly
be issued to build four torpedo-cruisers
of the Faucon type, three of which were
built in 1885-87. They are: The Condor, of
1243 tons; Eperoier, 12SS tons, and Faucon,
1239 tons, and are all of the same general
dimensions. namely. 216.5 feet length. 2?.
feet beam and 15.42 feet draught. Their
speed ranges from 17.7 to 17.1 knots, with
horsepower from 3800 to 3200. These new
boats and four submarine boats are to be
built at Rochefort.
The British cruiser Hermione, on the
China station, collided with a Chinese
fishing junk on March 7 on the coast of
Kwantung. sinking: the junk and drown
ing the wife and three children of the
skipper. The Chinaman sued for damages
and the case was tried in the Hongkong
Supreme Court. The acting chief justice,
W. M. Goodman, rendered his decision on
May 15, rinding that the Hermione was
entirely at fault and awarded $150 dam
ages to the unfortunate Chinese fisher
man for the loss of wife and three chil
dren. As the woman was 2? years of age.
the supposed value of her services up to
say 60 years were thus rated at $3.91 per
annum.' The claim of damages for loss
of vessel has not yet been settled.
An interesting comparison of the Brit
ish, French and Russian navies in regard
to battleships and cruisers appeared in a
recent number of the Nineteenth Century.
All the ships are reduced to a common
standard, five points being awarded to
modern large battleships, three to middle
aged and small modern battleships, two
to completelj" rearmed and reconstructed
battleships and to modern armored cruis
ers. To large protected cruisers like the
Powerful are. assigned I 1? and the ordi
nary protected cruiser one. > On this basis
the summary is as follows:
I Battle-
COUNTRIES. i ships. Cruisers Total.
England 11l 154 355
France ; 120 75.5 155.5
Russia ... 115 31 14.;
'■••TN-TRIES.
From those figures the English fleet is
about double that of France in strength
ami somewhat superior to the combined
fleets of France and Russie.
The British cruiser Pyramus of 2135 tons '
-one of eight vessels of that class just
completed— made her four hours full pow- '
er trial trip on May 31. developing 23.7
knots under 7303 horse power, with 2iU3 '
revolutions and a steam pressure in the i
boilers of -• 1 pounds. The tendency of all i
the naval powers to keep up the speed of j
vessels of all kinds and. in fact, to im- ,
prove upon previously built ships, attracts
attention to the six cruisers of. the Den- i
ver class which have been designed for'
the United Stales navy. In these design? i
there has been an apparent -retrogression I
in speed, for the Cincinnati and Raleigh,
of 3200 tons, were rated at 19 knots, where
as the Denver class, on 3100 tons trial dis
placement, are to make only I6M knot*.
To offset this loss of speed the. normal
coal carried Is 470 tons in the new ships. ■
! against 350 tons in the Cincinnati. Ye s -
; of a somewhat similar type in the British
navy are the Spartan class, of which
are ten, all built in 1890, and long
the shirs had the advantage now
; ,- tnfl use of water-tube boilers.
The comparative data of the Si n
and EX nver class are r.-v
this present stage of navy building in th«
ountries:
DATA
Spartan. Denver.
ViA i
Length, feet - ! -.:
nr^adth. feet «-f "
Draught, feet D | "
Displacement, tons i 3W ; ™»
IS: l =.::::::::::::::: ?S| >
S. ™::::::::::::::::: ' - ■»»■
i In seal tig condition the Spartan car
ries COO tons of coal on a displace of
SSOO tons. The Denver das.« will carry ■■■,
; tons of coal and displace about 3000 tons,
i in which condition her speed will fall be
! low that of the trial of 16*4 knots. A
' difference of nearly four knots in order
! to obtain a comparatively small increase
in coal carrying capacity would seem to
be considerable of a sacrifice in the speed.
! and there is really no gain apparent in
i the introduction of the water-tube boiler,
i the weight of which is much less than the
i old type cylindrical boilers.
An Interesting target practice at sea
took place recently in the Mediterranean.
j A floating target four feet in length and
two feet six inches wide, made in oval
I shape and showing less than one foot
: above water, was towed by the British
i battleship Camperdown at the rate of
j eight knots an hour. This target was fired
I at by the six-inch guns of the battleship
i Royal Oak at a distance of 1200 yards
j and running in an opposite direction at
! a speed of eight knots. The first broad
| side demolished the target, and the Navy
! and Army Illustrated concludes from this
! incident that "the navy still keeps up the
j high standard of shooting which has
i characterized it since the days of the
i Virgin Queen,'" but the conclusion of
! others less loyal to the British navy must
i be that it was simply a chance shot of
i the rive broadsiders that hit a target of
! such an insignificant size.
CHAMBERS, KAUTZ & CO.
The latest Intelligence received from
Apia makes it vi 'hat the •■settle
ment" of the Samoan question is Dot com
' pleted. The business will not be finished
until Chief Jußtice Chambers is recailed
and reprimanded for malfeasance in office,
to designate his official conduct in tho
it manner possible. Nor can It be
..red at an end before Admiral
• is disciplined for the shameful part
which he played in the wretched drama
ted prior to the advent of the com
mission sent by the three Governments to
31 matters.
There is every reason to believe that tne
unofficial statement of the decisions of
the commission will be materially chang'a
in the official report of their work.
Enough is known of the actual situation
with which the members of the board had
to deal to justify the belief that nothing
short of chambers" dismissal and the for
mal investigation of the acis of our naval
representative win satisfy the sense of
decency of those who in the last analysis
ar- officially responsible for these men.
In advance of the attempts of interested
. . respondents to clear the skirts of
Chambers and Kautz. the methods of
both were honestly portrayed and scath
ingly reprol ■ their
acts" not deterred t v s- ntimental n0t!...:?
of Anglo-American rubbish from speak-
Ing the truth, our own correspondent on
the ground, who is in a position to speak
with authority, dec]: fes ago
! that the America!: i fft lals in question
being led around I the no» by
British disturbers of the p~ace. This fact
has since been positively verified by other
manly American observers ■" events In
Samoa. The coi nt of Th<
by the last steamer from Apia a
.v account of the labors of the com
missi oners and a forecast of the probable
i recommendations that will be included in
: the majority rt port of that body. It ap
pears that the English commissioners at
; tempt to dominate matters as h;i-.
; done by the British Consul and naval
;-:ith"ri"ties previous to his arrival, ran
against a snag in the opposition of his
American and German colleagues. Com
missioner Eliot was in favor of sustain
ing Chambers. Kautz and Sturdee in face
of the most damaging - - «ra:n:-t
them but the other commissioners, ac
cording to The Call's informant, would
not listen to a proposal that violated
every reouirement of justice and truth.
It is oorfidently predicted that both Cham.
hers and Kautz will be properly grilled n
fflcial findings of the commission.
The American Consul. Luther W. Osborn.
directed his efforts toward a peaceful so
lution of the difficulties precipitated by
the infamous conduct of the Chief Jus
tice and his British allies, but the London
missionary influence, which it seems was
praamount with the Anglo-American com
bine thwarted all attempts to reach a set
tlement based upon equitable treatment
of Mataafa and the majority of the island
ers, whom they saw fit to antagonize.
The whole controversy was provoked by
the bigotry and insolence of alien func
tionaries, who sought to run things to
suit themselves on the assumption that
the natives had no rights which powerful
usurpers were bound to respect, or even
recognize.— The Monitor.
STURDEE'S EXPLANATION.
"We had to have some fun to keep aliv«
in this beastly. God-forsaken country." is
the explanation which the gallant Captain
Sturdee of H. M. S. Porpoise vouchsafes
for the shelling of villages of Samoa in
habited by inoffensive old men, women
and" children. Kautz's exploits In the
same line were Inspired evidently by tha
example of the British captain and as a
guarantee of good faith in the formation
of an Anglo-American alliance for the ex
termination of the natives.— Monitor.
Given away with each cath want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, ■
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dtwey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
INGERSOL.I,— J. W. F., City. The ad
dress of Robert G. Ingersoll is New York
city.
COINS— F. E. 8.. City. Half dollars of
ISIS and of 1£76 do not command pre
miums.
COPT OF A "WlLL— Germania. City.
You should write to the United States
Consul at the point in Germany nearest to
the place in which the will was filed and
he will secure a copy thereof, you, of
course, agreeing to pay the expense in
curred in making a transcript of tlie
same. A? your communication does not
state in what part of Germany the will
was filed the department of Answers to
Correspondents cannot direct you to
which Consul you should address your
self.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ibat Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied dally to
business .houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
« ♦ ■
Flemish oak with ivory ornaments, Ja
panese grey, old Dutch. Persian green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and
English oak mouldings for picture frames
in beautiful new designs at Sanborn &
Van's. 741 Market street. ; •
. . -o ■
There are nearly 1003 warehouses and
retail shops in Manila for the sale of
the areca nut. the fruit of a certain
species of palm.
■ "■ '■■■...
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup*'
Has teen used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething wit;j
perfect cucc?sp. It soothes the child, softens
the cum?, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates Iba Bowels and is the best remedy for
Dlarrhceas. whether arising from teet;-. | or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
WinsloWs Soothing Syrup, 25« a bottle.
■ m • -
HOTEL DEL CORUNADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. including fifteen days' board ai
hotel; longer stay $2 £0 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
On July 13 and 1* the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the v«ry
low rate of $76. Occasion— annual meeting of
the Epworth League. Get full particular* M
the Santa Fe office. 82S Market street. v-"PICKPOCKETS
ARRESTED IT
THE FERRIES
A Clever Capture of
Old Offenders.
OVERDUE SUGAR BO;' ""ARRIVES
♦
BRIG LURLINE BEATS THE REST
OF THE FLEET.
♦
Steamer Umatilla in a Heayv Storm.
Transports Ohio and Newport
May Not Arrive Before
Wednesday.
Two well-known sneakthieves were
)i eked up in the Harbor Police Station
yesterday morning. Officer Shaw saw
hem hanging around the Tlburon ferry.
and when the wife of ex-Judge Hayden
reported the loss of her purse he arrest
ed the two pickpockets on a charge of
ncy.
Their names aie George Young and
Prank Maguire. and both have '•■■■ en ar
rested a number of times, Voting was
one of the principals in the Louvre rob
aery. When the gang got away with the
securities from the safe in the grill room
t was the •"Young" who opened negotia
tions with Schwartz to pay $Kh) for their
return and who actually received the
cash from the saloon man in front of the
ft rry depot.
Maguire became famous at the grocers"
j Judge Conlan caught him in the
act of picking a woman's pocket and af
ter a spirited contest placed him under
arrest. The next day Judge Mogan re
j-eleased Maguire on his own recogniz
ance. This made Judge Conlan very an
gry, and ho at once, wont on the warpath
end rearreste.l the pickpocket; Maguire
■worked his way out o( that scrape, but
last week was arrested again and only
got out of jail on Friday. He enjoyed his
Jiberty for forty-eight hours and then ran
(trtioer Shaw on the water front.
The transports Ohio and Newport, with
the Second Oregon Regiment aboard, are
now out twenty-six days from Manila.
•Hoth vessels were to come via Nagasaki.
but no news of their arrival at that port
has been received. It does not follow,
however, that they did not put in there,
because the transports nave re
quently stopped at Nagasaki and no news
of their having done bo was telegraphed
here. If the Ohio and Newport stopped
jit Nagasaki they will not arrive here un
til Wednesday or Thursday. If they did
not they are now fully due and should
drop into port at any moment.
All the preparations to welcome the Or
«.gon boys buck from the war have been
completed. The Board of Health and Ad
jutant General Babcock are to be noti
fied at once and every vessel on the front
will dress ship. As the matter stands
now the "welcome home" will have to be
«-xtended to the boys aboard the trans
ports as the vessels are only to remain a
:■ w hours ii. port. The Governor has
been unable to make satisfactory ar
rangements for the transportation of the
mm from San Francisco to Portland, so
the' Ohio and Newport will turn around
after an hour or so in the arbor and
proceed to the Columbia River.
The steamer L'matilla, which left here
last week for Puget Sound, had a terri
ble time on her way up the coast. When
the vessel was twenty-four hours out it
"came on to blow." aiid in a short time
a hurricane was raging. Stateroom win
dows were swashed in, the saloon and
dining room wen- flooded; and the cabin
boys were driven out of the glory hole.
For two days the storm continued; and
when the steamer reached Victoria. B. C,
twelve hours late, everybody on board
heaved a sigh of relief. The I'matilla
took 115 cabin and 69 steerage passengers
from San Francisco.
The brig Lurline arrived from Kahului
yesterday after a long passage of twenty
six days." She is the first of a big fleet of
sugar boats that has been anxiously look
ed for during the past week. The fast
bark Santiago is now out thirty days.
and the barkentine Archer twenty-five
days from Hilo; the bark Mohican, twen
ty-nine days, schooner H. D. Bendixsen
twenty-six days, ship Standard twenty
five days, barkentine [rmgard and ship
.Aryan * twenty-three days and schooner
Aloha twenty "days from Honolulu: brig
Consuelo twenty days frow Mahukona;
and schooner Muriel, from Honoipu. nine
teen days. These are long passages for
even this time of the year, and all of th.-m
should come along during the next
twenty-four hours, now that the Lurline
ha? shown the v. ay in.
Captain McLeod reports light and baf
fling winds during the entire passage.
He "says that if some of the vessels have
no better luck than his ship they will
not be here for a week.
Robert Ha milton will not pay another
visit to Fishermen's wharf for some
v. ci ks to come. Yesterday he and a
friend went there and began washing a
dog, much to the disgust of the fisher
men: Words led tn blows, and in the scuf
fle that followed Hamilton was knocked
down and received a compound fracture
of the left leg He v.-.-i taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where the broken limb
was set.
The steamer San Juan arrived from
Panama and way ports last night. She
CLEVER PICKPOCKETS ARE
v.as expected on Saturday, but was de
a: <'t ni ral American ports.
night Officers Si.au- and Kllis ar-
George Reed and Ben Zinnprman
. k< .1 them with vagrancy at tne
■ Police Station. They are bub
; b< Ing mi mbers of a gang of
.•••:■■ operating i'> Sunday crowds
■ •■■.-. some of whom w< re taken
■ en In the afternoon. Zinner
■ ripple.
Double Header From Ocean View.
Two mass meptinps were held at Ocean
View yesterday afternoon to protest
; '£ ri| i ::mval of fire engine 03
from that portion of the city. At a meet
ing In Murphy's Hall under the auspices
SERMONS ON MANY THEMES.
SOLEMN SERVICES
AT ST. PATRICK'S
The forty hours of devotion was in
augurated in St. Patrick's Church yester
day morning at the 11 o'clock mass with
solemn services. Solemn high mass was
celebrated by Father Cummings. He was
assisted by Father Barry as deacon; sub
deacon, Father Horan; master of ceremo
nies, Father Heslin. At the conclusion of
the mass the procession of the blehsea
secrament followed. Preceding the par
ticipants in the mass were the acolytes,
and behind them little girls dressed in
white. who strewed flowers In the aisles.
In the evening Father Heslin delivered
an Interesting sermon on the origin of the
forty hours of devotion and its meaning.
In part the holy father said:
The services of the forty hours of devo
tion are held in honor of the forty hours our
divine lord's body lay In the tomb. It was
introduced in this country about the year
].-; It lias been practiced in European
count for upward of 360: years. It first
had its origin In the city of Milan = in . I''7l1 ''7 l
In that year a terrible plague attacked the
city and the people were cast into terrible
fear bi-cause of the ravages the dread dis
ease was making among them and ti.e
recollection of a similar plague which de
vastated the city twelve years tore, carry
ing off nearly 120,000 inhabitants. At this
time th« <-lty was torn by internal feuds
and also threatened by an invading army in
command of the King of Naples, which had
surrounded Milan and threatened to cap
ture the city by laying siege.
In the cathedral in Milan there was a
pious priest, a Capucian, named J^^' l! ' °*
Fero who. seeine in the state of affairs the
lwnd' of God raised against the People,^
believing thai the vengeance which .the r
sins bad called forth could* be parted by
repenting of their sins a nd by Imploring
pardon nd mercy, like Jonas wit h the
ikinevites. he urged the people to do pen
ance in sack cloth and ashes.
\< a remedy for the evil and as a pro
tection from the threatened vengeance of
heaven, he suggested a devotion of tortv
hours in honor of the forty hours! our di
vine Savior lay In the tomb, while at the
s«me time they could adore the living
Savior in the adoration of the Euchriß^pub;
j C lj. posed for that purpose. The inhab
itants for man. s.-eing a release from mis
ery in the wise suggestions of the holy
priest, put his proposal? Into pract fe.£* n
front of the cathedral at M«lnp ""'''" ;•
sacrament was exposed for adoration ob ft
rlevated place, surrounded by a Kit al .i.ii
ber of lightsj All the inhabitant, of Milan,
the city" officials and the Cardinal Arch
blahOD took part in this devotion, being clad
nil sack cloth'aa a sip of their repentance.
When this devotion at the * cathedral was
con.-Mded it was celebrated in nil tni
churches of the city with as great zeal and
Pie" The effects of this devotion was soon
v sib y felt. Like the Slnevltes, the Ml
lanese by their sincere repentance obtained
pardon for their crimes, their prayers for
mer.-v and forgiveness were heard, the
plague ceased, internal dUsentlona were
changed into harmony and the hostile fee
ings of the opposing kings turned Into feel-
Ings of friendship, war was averted and
peace established.
AN ABLE SERMON
AT OLD ST. MARY'S
At the 11 o'clock high mass yesterday
morning in St. Mary's (Paulists). Rev. H.
II "Wvman delivered one of his usual
powerful sermons, on "The Precious
Blood." His text was taken from St.
Paul's epistle to the Hebrews: "Without
flu shedding of blood there Is no remis
sion"- Hebrews ix:22. In part he said.
The last of the plagues had been decreed
wicked Egyptians for their o P -
If
the r dwehngs. the Pestlroying Angel who * as
to s,ay the lirst born of the and would pass
ofTraefweTe '"avert, and e'er since the Jews
have keU the Passover with the greatest
S 'T C hTs nl --4nkllng of the blood of a lamb was
tvr.ic'U "i the shedding of the blood ot the
S ass i z-?s&.y&s& |
" „., v.iti.r passion and deatn.
BfiifHii
I i Si
altar. , .
A Cure for the Blues.
The Rev. John Hemphlll preached an
of the Ocean View and Ingleside Prep
"L! owners' Association, presided over
 m. c. Griffli ■■•.;■:;.:::
was-aPPointed to present them to the Su-
M Taylor presided over a^ meeting
\\ . L.ewis. *--nai T'ivlor were appointed
m^ t V^oTay\ ay e 1O p r ro"estb a fSrethe
Board of Supervisors. •
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
10t Feventh street. corner Mission. SaJt
water direct from the oce*n.
Golden Gate Valley Protests.
At a mass meeting last evening of cit-
CAPTURED AT THE FERR
Izens and taxpayers of Golden Gate Val
ley In Tilton Hall resolutions were adopt
ed against the removal of engine. 20 from
the district The following committee
was appointed by Chairman E. L. Wag
ner to wait upon thr- Board "t Supervisors
to-day and present arguments in support
of the protest: M. C. Haley. William
Wriirht J S. Spear, G. E. Walker, Rich
ard Molohe, E. J. Wilkinson, William
huff and B. l- Wagner.
_■♦ ■ •
Given away with each cash want ad for
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
road/ for framing. \
THE HA:** FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1899.
interesting sermon to the conprogation of
the Calvary Presbyterian Church yester
day morning. His subject was. "A * ure
tor the Blues." He said in part:
The first half of the text is blue, the last
half bright, but I shall do my best to bring
a bright sermon out of the whole of it.
What a gloriously hoppful book the Bible
is. Hope runs though it like the river of
God whirh I* full of water. The man who
uttered i.ur text was unsatisfied and deeply
discouraged. Hut our text does not teach a
lesson of discouragement, but one 01 nope
fulness. "Ho;>e thou in God. for 1 shall
yet ), raise him." Let us lay the emphasis
on the rijrht word, "yet." We get dis
couraged too easily. I.ast March we were
all cryinjc <>ut, "It is all up with rali
foraia." A few evenings ago a millionaire
farn-.er tnld me he had never seen sU'h
crops In California since '49. The tide is
coming in now for California without a
doubt, but it is coniins in slowly as it
always does and as it should. We must get
hold of the Bible truth that the <;-.d of the
Bible is especially the Ood of the dis
appolnted.
HOW MUCH IS MAN
BETTER THAN SHEEP?
Rev. J. George Gibson of the Emman
uel Baptist Church addressed a large
congregation last evening. He took his
text from Matthews, xii:l2: "How much,
then. is. a man better than a sheep?" He
said in part: •
Christ had no Intention to depreciate the
sheep He was too much of a Jew to do
that among Jews. lie knew the value of
the sheep commercially, and he knew its
importance religiously. The sheep was of
much value, but man was of more value,
and man's greater value can only be ap
preciated when we know the good parts ot
a sheep. In the Bible the natural world
and the human are brought together in the
sheep and the man. Almost the first story
speaks of the firstlings of .the nock and the
last on revelation of the lamb before the
throne.
Tbe sheep Is always rendering some ser
vice. It is always living for others. There
never seems to be a moment that it can call
Its own. If it eat, It is li-it after a while
it ay be slain. If it grows old, it Is that
it may give of its wool to keep others warm.
It is at the command of other?, it is at
the service of others. If it receives, it is In
order that it may give. To Itself the sheep
Is nothing. It is in the world for the world s
" Who lives the life of sacrifice willingly?
He is better than a sheep Who work and
lives and grows for ethers because he pre
fers to do so? He is better than a sheep.
But are there many such lives In the world.
yes there are many. There are fathers,
mothers and friends leading humble but
noble lives. Because they are not great
some have despised them. Their glory Is
that they are content to be despised. Pray
God we may have more such men and wo
men. Useful people are more needed than
great people or rich people, for sometimes
the rich are not so good as sheep, for they
live such selfish lives, and the world re
members them not by what they Rave away,
but what they were compelled to leave.
A SERMON ON HOVELS.
Rev. William Racier Discourses on
Their Vast Influence.
The Rev. William Rader delivered his
regular Sunday evening sermon last night
at the Third Congregational Church, tak- j
ing as his, text: "Therefore all thin?.' J
whatsoever ye would that, men should do i
unto you, do ye even so to them, tor this ;
is the": iv.- and the prophets."
The pastor's address was full of inter
est. He spoke of the novel and of Its vast j
Influence. He differentiated the various
classes of novels and discussed, as exem
plifying his text, the late book of uMward
Noves W'estcott, "David Harum. ' He
said:
There Is more religion than we ordinarily
suppose in the commonplace of life. All
saints are not robed and gowned. All the
heroism of the world Is not blown through
a trumpet or thundered In the guns. There
is not a word about orthodoxy or theology
in "David Harum," but his life Is crowned
with the Golden »Rule.
Dwelt on "Life."
At the services of First of
Christ. Scientist, yesterday morning, a
large congregation listened to a sermon |
on "Life" from the text '-Thou wilt shew j
me the path of life; in thy presence is
fullness of |oy; at thy right hand there :
are pleasures for evermore," Psafrns,
xvi:2. The sermons in the Christian
Science churches is not preached by a
pastor in th- usual way. but consists of
selections from the Bible and correlative
passages from Science and Health with
a key to the Scriptures by Rev. Mary
Baker G. Eddy, read alternately by two j
readi rs. '
MRS. EDMONDS
SUFFERS DEATH
FROM FRIGHT
She Thought Burglars
Were in the House.
A DOG SET OFF FALSE ALARM.
SHE DIED JUST AS ASSISTANCE
REACHED HER.
_ — « "
Deceased Was a Well Known and Suc
cessful Physician and Widow of
an Ex-Judge of the Su
perior Court.
__ _^.
Death called Dr. Mary C. Edmonds, a
well-known physician of this city, in trag
ic fashion at her home, 913 Bush street,
last evening. The accidental setting off of
a burglar alarm wrought up her nerves to
- such a strain that she suffered death by
fright. Being alone in her home at. the
time, the supposition is that a dog which
she kept for protection started up the
staircase, which contained the little elec
trical- appliance, connected the circuits
and sounded the false alarm, which
brought fatal results. The police were
prompt in responding, but could find no
traces of any intruder on the premises.
About 7 o'clock Mrs. Edmonds was seen
entering her house by Mrs. Mary Comp
ton, who resides at 911 Bush street Mrs.
Edmonds lived alone, and had evidently
just returned from her office at 330 Sutter
street. At 9:30 Mrs. Compton was startled
by the sound of a police whistle in the
neighborhood. She called to her son to
Step to the door and ascertain what the
cause of the trouble was. In the mean
time she went to the front upper window
of her house, and looking out saw Mrs.
Edmonds at a second story window lean
ing out and blowing a whistle.
Mrs. Compton called to the woman and
received the reply that there were bur
glars in the house. Realizing that some
thing should be done immediately, she
called to the unfortunate woman to keep
cool and then summoned help. T. Mac-row \
of 2712 Army street, who happened to be:
passing, and W. H. Kelley, a neighbor
two doors distant, quickly responded and
rushed up the steps to the door. They
found it locked and they were unable to
enter. Mrs. Compton called to Mrs. Ed
monds to come down and open the door,
and that there were friends near who
would render her assistance.
The doctress disappeared from the win
dow and the men waited at the door.
Soon It was opened and both gentlemen
sprang Inside, only to see the hapless
woman totter as if to fall. They caught
her in their arms, but her body became
limp and helpless, and they laid her on
the floor, where she soon expired.
The .sound of the alarm brought a num
ber of officers hurriedly to the scene.
From the Central Police Station came Of
ficer J. W. Davids and Officer William
Rice Both made an examination of the
premises and soon became satisfied that
the alarm had been a false one. There
was but one window open in the house,
I but an examination of the sill showed
| that the dust on it had not been disturbed
WHAT CONSTITUTES
AN IDEAL MAYOR
Roy. J. H. Beard chose for the topic of
last night's discourse the "Ideal Mayor."
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church held a
large congregation, which gave close at
tention to the preacher. He selected
Nehemiah as his model Mayor and de
scribed in glowing terms the pious ;>;>tr:
otism of that time. Dr. Beard spoke in
part as follows:
Most people have been impressed with the
importance and influential position which
cities occupy in our modern life. We have
a parallel in ancient times, in Jerusalem,
and its relation to the Holy Land. In mod
ern times the lines of commerce center In
our cities— they are the points of intelli
gence, and so they have come to exert a
vast Influence. The responsibilities of citi
zenship in one of these centers increases ac
cordingly.
Styling Nehemiah, the Mayor of Jerusa
lem, 1 tHke him as my model. He pos
■essed tl ■ fundamental requisite of a good
character One of the trreat pmhiems of
modern times is to pet Into positions of im
portance men of character. The failure to
do this is th>- one preat defect of our mu
nicipalities. Seldom do we allow the office
to seek the man. This was strikingly il
lustrated In the array of candidates for
the Senatorship before the last Legislature.
We have had pood men In office in San
Francisco, but their efforts have been con
fined to the narrow limits of their positions.
Courage and competence are other necessary
qualities In a good Mayor.
THE BICYCLE AS
A MORAL AGENT
Rev. W. E. Dugan of the Stewart Me
morial United Presbyterian Church used
the modern bicycle as the subject of his
sermon last evening and for the purpose
of pointing a moral. In part he said:
The wheel spoken of is God's wheel of
Providence, in creation and redemption.
A circle as represented by the wheel Is
the most beautiful figure and most graceful
curve, representing the beauf- of provi
dence. A curve Is also the figure of com
petition, system and harmony ?uch as we
have In the inward workings of the provi
dence of God. The wheel here stands as
a symbol of the chariot of victory upon
which Christ is riding to the millennium
glory.
But let us look at these words in refer-"
ence to the modern wheel, the bicycle. The
bicycle Is a moral agent In that It affords
healthful exercise. It la objected that it
takes people from church, but If people only
come to church because they cannot get
away, they had better stay at home. The
bicycle la a vivid illustration of the power
of a good habit. At first you plunge and
fall You are told to turn the front wheel
in the direction you are falling. You think
and stagger and sometimes go down, hut
by keeping at It after a while you instinct
ively turn the wheel the way you are going
to fall: you instinctively balance and swing
your body. What at first you had to do by
remembering the rule becomes a second
nature to you, so that you do It without
thinking. So with a good habit. At first
you must remember and try and struggle,
but after a while, if you keep on, it be
comes natural to go to church and pray
and do things that at first required a firm
resolution. _.
The wheel calls for individual effort. There
Is no leaning upon the shoulder of another.
In riding a wheel you never stand still. To
ride very slowly is one of the tricks. You
must keep going or fall. So in morals. V
TRADES UNIONS
AND CHRISTIANITY
A larpe congregation filler] Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church, at Twenty
sixth and Church streets, hist nisht to
hear Rev. W. M. Woodward on the sub
ject of "Trades Unions and Christianity."
The pastor spoke earnestly and convinc
ingly defending in vigorua language the
riph't of th»- workingmen to combine. Ins
sermon was. briefly, as follows:
The word ol God pleads the cause of. no
BDecinl Class, although all classes quote It
in support of their particular theories. The
employer often reads approvingly, •Servaati
Obey your masters in al! things, for this
Is right " but fails to see that other pas
sage "Masters, give onto your Bervanta
that which is ju.«t and equal." There is
strife between capital and labor bnmght
on by each not recognizing the rights of the
other T'-ere can be no settlement of the
struggle except by the mediation of the
Nazarene carpenter's s >n. The object of
workingmen combining In union is, first.
protection The formation of great trusts
has made trades unions a necessity. It is
. .. for one man alone to ask r.r rictus
from a great corporation, but when a g
army of men make a demand they are
likely to be heard.
and that no intruder had passed in and
nut that way.
Mrs. Edmonds was a very talented and
successful physician 'if this city. She I
was the widow of Judge Edmonds, late of
the Superior <'"iirt. and leaves two s-ons
and a daughter. The latter, Miss Annie
Edmonds, is .i teacher In Berkeley, and
nni' of her sums, Frank W. Edmond?,
who has been connected with the Unii id
States Geodetic Survej for years. Is now
in Alaska. Her other son, Dr. Harry Ki
monds, is a physician, practicing in
Fresno County.
The story of Mrs. Edmonds' adopt! m of
medicine as a profession is a sad and pc- !
culiar one. Her husband, during his lifi -
time. Buffered from a disease which
neither the surgeon's knife nor the physi
cian's prescription could alleviate. The
faithful woman delved Into the science in
the hope that she might administer
proper treatment and ease his Bufferings.
After his death Mrs. Edmonds graduated
from the Cooper Medical College and es
tablished an office in this city, gaining a
large practice, which she has held Cit
many years.
Last evening Miss Kdmonds was sent
for and came to the city from Berkeley j
on a late boat. The Coroner was notified |
and left the body at the residence psnd- j
ing an examination into the cause of i
death to-day. Deceased was Dorn in :
Maine and has relatives in Wisconsin.
HONORED FATHER BRENNAN.
The Well -Known Priest Presented
With a Beautiful Ostensorium
by Parishioners.
Last Saturday evening in the assembly
hall " f St. Vincent's convent the Chil
dren of Mary of St. Patrick's parish pre
sented a beautiful ostensorium to the
Bey. John Brennan on the eve of his de
parture from the parish, whore he suc
cessfully lalTored for the past ton years.
The presentation address was mmli by
Miss Kitty Wood. Rev. Father Brennan
feelingly responded, thanking tho « *tii 1 -
dren of Mary for ihrir beautiful gift.
The committee having the affair in
charge consisted of tho following: Miss
Kitty Wood president; Miss Sarah
Doherty, vice-president; Miss Genevieve
Sullivan, secretary; Miss Nonle Sullivan,
Miss Theresa barney. Miss Xollie O'Brien,
Miss Lena Holden, Miss Fannie Haus
man. Mis« Nellie Miller, Miss Llbble
Brooks, Mis? Agnes Hat.-iy. Miss Mary
McDermott, Miss Mollie Glover, Miss
Laura Paiifrker, Miss May I;yne. Miss
Delia McDermott, Miss Frances McDev
itt. Miss Rose Kelly, Miss Ella Cronln.
Wedding Invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Banborn it
Vails. •
Voice From Sunsrt District.
Residents and property-owners <>f Sun- I
sei district held a largely attended meet-
Ing presided over by Edward Ewald on
Saturday evening and protested Btronfely
against crippling the Fire Department
bj reducing the appropriation for Us i
maintenance, A petition was drawn up '
and addressed to the Supervisors beg
ging the board to appropriate at leas!
$685,796 01 the actual running expenses of
the department.
Hebrew Order Elects Officers.
Tho Chebra Kerith Bttalon has elected
the following officers, who wire duly in
stalled for the ensuing year: President
Morris Mopes: vice president. Jak-=> Lewis'
secretary. S. Meyer; treasurer, if, Lewis;
trustee. Haruch Cohen, I. Splro. Gustav
Michael and Hermann Lewis; physician
Dr. A. W. Perry; druggist. Philip Flaton!
Telegrapher's Sudden Death.
BAKERSFIELD.JuIy S.— M. C. DoheTty,
a telegraph npprator. dlprl suddenly at
a ranch house near town yesterday after
noon. He called to get a drink of water.
After resting a while on the porch he
gasped and fell backwards, (lying almost
instantly. He was about 35 years old and
claimed to be on his way from the
Needles to Fresno.
HORSESE SHY AT
CHARLES FAIR'S
AUTOMOBILE
An Exciting Spin San j
Mateo Way.
IT STIRS UP THE ANIMALS. !
CURIOSITY ALMOST LEADS TO |
A SERIOUS ACCIDENT.
A Buggy Overturned and Two Boys j j
Thrown Out While Watching
the Approach of the Horse
less Carriage.
Charles L. Fair and his automobile |
caused considerable of a commotion yes- j
terday down San Mateo way. Mr. Fair j
is bood in make a trip to the Yosemite |
Valley with his machine, recently to- | j
Ported from the Bast, and lie is familiar
izing himself with the management of
t ■ vehicle In order that he may not gd
stalled en route through lack of experi
ence. At the same time he is famlliariz- ■
mcc the residents of the outlying distrii ts :
with the appearance of the strange vt
hide, which is the precursor of mtiny
others of similar design which will soon
delight the people of San Francisco and
vicinity.
Accompanied by two ladies, Fair went
yesterday for a ride out on the San Bruno
road, his main object, aside from the t
pleasure of the outing, being to try his
automobile on the .grades. The day wr.s
warm and pleasant, and many ii"t ;or
tunate enough to possess one of these
unique carriages were taking advantage
of the perfect conditions for driving,
seated in buggies drawn by horses. As;
in well known the eQuine race, on this
J coast especially. h;is nol yet been for
; mally Introduced to i>s mysterious rival,
i and. judging from their actions, neither
has the majority of bipeds. Whenever
the automobile ranged up alongside a
bi ggy the horse attached to the old-style ;
vehicle shied away, but generally the |
driver controlled it without difficulty.
in several instances, however, serious
accidents were narrowly averted. A horse
attached to ;i buggy, in which was -•
an old couple, nearly overturned the rig!
Into the ditch. Another buggy containing
two boys was overturned, ditching its oc
cupants. In this case, however, the cu
riosity of the driver had as much to do '■
with the accident as the apparition of the
automobile. The driver was so busily en- i
gaged in watching the silently moving '
hi rseless carriage that he allowed his
i lines to fall slack, and when his horse j
; shied the wheels cramped, overturning >
I the rig. Beyond a few bruises the boys
w re not injure,], and after the buggy was ;
' righted they drove off as though nothing!
had happened.
These were the nearest approaches to I
accidents, notwithstanding the fact that'
hundreds of rigswere encountered. Horses'
unaccustomed n> the strange vehicle wen
naturally restive at its appearance, but as j
Mt makes very little noise they will soon
become accustomed to it and then all!
! danger of accidents will be passed.
The automobile promises soon to be a ,
' feature of th< country i".i,is. and the peo- j
pie residing thereon will soon cease to j
j stare when they see one approaching.
SALE OF AN IRON MINE.
Rockefeller Buys the Texedo Island
Property.
TACOMA, July 9.— The John D. Rocke
feller Interests have purchased th>' only
developed Iron mine on the Padfl< ast,
located on Texedo Island, on the British
Columbia coast. The purchnse was made
by the Monte Crlsto Mining Company,
which Rockefeller controls. It is believer 1 .
Pfesideni Hill of tho Great Northern
Railroad will join Rockefeller in develop
ing Pacific Coast Iron Interests. Hill has
long been planning steps in this direction,
and three weeks ago he had a conference
with Rockefeller at Everett.
The Texedo mines produce hpssemer ore
containing * ;< i per cent Iron. Their product
was v.-cd at th" Port Townsend blast fur
nace until it shut down. It is believed
thai the blast furnace which Rockefeller
will build will be located at Everett,
which townsite he owns, or Tacoma. This
city has the advantage of the only coke
supply in the State and rolling mills
w 1 iicli furnish a market for pig iron.
SELBORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
Stoves no flues in boys' quarter*. The nearest
approach to a proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
clpal, REV. CHARLES) HITCHCOCK, ban
Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENU • PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAL..
in rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings home influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training or
bo y, AccredUed a^^e TT UnU-erßitle rineipai
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.-FOUNDED A. D. 1866.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. XV. A BREWER, A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2. 1899.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MEIVLO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
•■■•; IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies 2126 California St.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
"all REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
I diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered In music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills, President,
Mills College P. 0.. Alameda Co., Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fall term opens August
2. ISJ9. .
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal mu,sic, piano,
violin journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; IS instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bid*. S. F.
lA/. T. HESS,
KOTART PDBLIO AND ATTOaNKT-Ar LAW,
Tenth Floor Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell,
San Francisco. •
a n r~ r" nnill I Corner Fourth and
PR IT D fill I Market. S. F. Try
I II hI- KIIV II I <"" Special Brew
II H I ! Mil IHi Steam and Lager
Ulll L IJUinL.r< Overcoats and
' Valises checked free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IfIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB^BBBBfIBBBBBBBB
• The following accurately described I
The following accurately described j
goods will this day be submitted to the pa- i
trons of our establishment." S
. a
TABLE LINEN AND NAPKINS. §
____________ ■■ wm
CREAM DAMASK: 62 inches wide: heavy and serviceable; closely woven and soft g
finish; exceedingly good value at IO cents per yard. ~
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK; 70 inches wide; fine Irish linen; handsome satin gj
finish; special at 75 cents per yard. g>
3-4 DAMASK NAPKINS: 21 inches square; small neat patterns and a good dura- I
ble fabric; special at OO cents per dozen. B
3-4 DAMASK NAPKINS: 23 inches square; extra heavy; fine satin finish; special
value at $1.00 per dozen. ~
n ■
BLACK DRESS GOODS. 1
45-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL SERGE; excellent value at BO cents* per yard. S
45-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL SERGE; excellent value at 5O cents per yard.
51-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL SERGE; splendid material; 75 cents per ]
yard. B
42-INCH MOHAIR CREPONS; in a great variety of patterns; handsome designs; at g
1 •-•"> per yard. j2
COLORED DRESS GOODS, g
Special at -25 Cents. B
50 pieces ALL-WOOL FRENCH MELANGE SUITING: warranted rain proof; a splen- g
did texture for seaside or traveling; worth 50 cents; Is offered at 25 cents per yard, m
HBdMMMI yu
N. B.— A SPECIAL LOT OF REMNANTS OF FINE DRESS GOODS on sale at greatly gj
reduced prices. • |JJ
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS. |
H
68 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS; Oxford gray only: fly front Jackets: lined Q
throughout; skirts well lined and bound; value for $10; on special sale at ««f>..>o g-
each SS
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. I
. g
575 LADIES' FANCY METALLIC UNDERSKIRTS; in all the latest shades; Spanish _
flounce, with double ruffle; exceptionally good value at $1.50 each. ~
. . — — — ■ — P^
SILK WAISTS. I
, H
LADIES' HANDSOME COLORED AND BLACK SATIN WAISTS; finished with _.
fancy tucking; latest patterns; special value at $!ri.sO. ~
. m i . „ Cm
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY. 1
12
2 cases of CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK EXTRA HEAVY COTTON HOSE: in wide «.
and narrow ribs, with double heels and soles; at 15 cents j--r pair.
1 case LADIES' IMPORTED FAST BLACK HERMSDORF DYE EGYPTIAN COT- B
TON HOSE; with double heel and sole: at 15 cents per pair. p
CORSETS SPECIAL, jg
50 dozen LADIES' COUTIL"LE CORSETS; no side steels; trimmed top and bottom jgg
with lace and drawing ribbon; French model; drab and black; at 75 cents per gj
pair. jg
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS. 1
Our stock of REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS Is complete; comprising all lengths ■
and in colors black. French gray, white, natural and black and white mixed; the ■
quality is the best made, and prices from $7.50 to $25. E
LADIES' BELTS. |
We have every newest style and quality of LADIES' BELTS, and all sizes; in black ■
seal, colored Moroccos, Mexican hand carved, patent leather, beaded elastic and fl
plain elastic, with fancy buckles; prices according to quality, from 25 cents to n
$2.75 each. g
DRESS LININGS. ■
20 pieces of 3">-INCH SKIRT LINING, a silk-finished lustrous taffeta: In the new H
* colors, bright cardinal, new blues, cerise purples, new greens and black; price B
10 cents per yard. (jg
. _
1 BB
I
1/1/ Murphy Building', m j|
Market and Jones Streets. i
E
HBHBBP^^HBBHBHBPBHBKBBKHHHSMBPBiIIIMBHIBBHHii
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
FIFTH WEEK OF THE SEASON.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
»«NRy/I!LLER
A Sfft/Al COMPANY -
First Time in This Country Outside of N. Y.
S^lat LORD AND
th^atlr LADY ALGY.
SUCCESS.
A BRILLIANT COMEDY
By R. C. Cnrton, Author of "Liberty Hall."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander. Manager.
THKY SAY FARFWELL
THE LAMBARDI GRAND ITALIAN OPERA
COMPANY.
TO-NIGHT, by Bpseiil Request— "MlGNON."
| With the great artists, Repetto, Sostegni,
Überto, Ru.«?o. BuKamelli. Travaßlini, etc.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Last Performance in San Francisco.
• ••••• Ey- Special Request "THE |
# .*V^g^r ; # BARBER OF SEVILLE."
•*'jr^^m *^ THDRBDAY NIGET,
i \j^% iMISS BLANCHE bates
COMPANY
>*** "' "THE LAST WORD."
ALCAZAR
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Alexander Dumas' play of intense emotion,
CAMILLE !
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS CAMILLE.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35:, 5Jc.
NEXT- THE NEW MAGDALENE.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT < O. (Inc.). Lessee.
THIS EVENING.
Magnificent Revival in English of Bizet's
Charming Opera,
"CARMEN!"
WITH THE ENTIRE MOROSCO OPERA
CO. (formerly the Southwell) In the Cast.
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved, 35c and 50c.
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved, 15c.
GALLERY, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 26c. Family Circle 15c
Gallery We.
Telephone Main 532.
OOOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
o T^ PALACE A - N -Po
°GRANO HGTELS °
\ q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
j " Connected by a coverM passageway.
° i4ooßoom«— 900 v,. h Hath Attached. °
j O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES : O
O European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward O
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward n
** Correspondence Solicited. <•*
: O JOHN 0. SIRKPATKICK. Manager. O
00 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Q 0 O 0 0 0 0
AMUSEMENTS.
MISS MINNIE PALMER
(The Original My Sweetheart.)
In the Dainty One-Act Play, "ROSE
POMPOM."
Assisted by FRANCIS JERRARD, Late of The
Haymarket Theater. London.
GEORGE WILSON, Premier Monologuist.
THE RIXFORDS, Acrobatic Wonders.
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS, Comedians.
HAVES AND LTTTON, MORIE. THE FAR-
RELLS. GARDNER BROS.
Reserved Seats. 2.V : Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs nnd Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of the Eminent Barytone,
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
In the Romantic Comic Opera,
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
A Perfect Production Musically and Dra-
matically.
TO BEGIN NEXT THURSDAY EVENING.
The Spectacular Extravaganza.
BLUE BEARD!
(In Summer Attire)
THE LATEST CRAZES.
Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p m.
POPULAR PKlCto...*2sc and 50c
Our Telephone— Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
PERFORMANCE AFTERNOON AND EVEN-
ING.
NEW BILL IN THE THEATER.
THE LA MONT FAMILY. Equilibrists.
MISS STELLA BERLIN. Soprano.
ARMSTRONG AND O'NEIL, Comedians.
LA ROSE BROTHERS, Gymnasts.
CHANDLER AND McPHERSON, Operatic
Duetlsts.
DU BELL, Premier Trapeze Artist.
;AN OLD MAN KANGAROO
| IN THE ZOO.
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
Rattle i—m—mmm^B
UCI *.aW Those who were there
a say the Panorama is a
/">Tf correct representation.
V>l Lectures by Prof XV.
_ _ G. ROLLINS after-
/Vl nn 3 I **» noons and evenings.
iTlcinilcl Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission. 50c.
Bay!_ Chndren - 25c -
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. To 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. ICC CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing, including admission, Be; Chil-
dren, -'V.
><\^jjrSJ**^^»J&t<al remedy for - Gonorrhoea.
jWHrcL'BKK^H Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
«jssf3rin 1 tosd».T«-^Sfl Whiten, unnatural iij.
BRKm Ocar»nt«.i y charges, or any inflii'-iiii.t-
R^»M sot to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcer*-
H» •ypfiTenta contagion. tlo:i of mucous niem-
f7*%THEEvAN3CHEMir»tCo, trano». Non-a3trinK"nt.
VA.G!NC:NNATI,OJBn Sold 6> D l '-' I < S -
vSSk r. "!. a jSB ° r Hent iD plain wrapper,
l^&*Ha bj exprens, prepaid, lot
'SuHHV» i> l 1 1 - 00 - or 3 botUiM, J2.76.
■ Circular s«at un (ec^tfc
I Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
■ strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
56
Shamrock Does U/ell op
j-ler Jtel/r\ Jrialj.
SATISFACTORY
HELM TRIALS OF
THE SHAMROCK
English Yachtsmen
Pleased.
ARE CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
BELIEVE THE COLUMBIA WILL
BE BEATEN.
. — «. —
Interest Centers in This Week's Series
of Races Between the Chal
leng-er and the Brit
annia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTHAMPTON, July 9.— Yachting cir
cles In the Solent wore never more excited
than now over the prospects in the forth
coming race for the America's cup be
twron the Shamrock and Columbia.
Yachtsmen could be seen in all directions
ur.d in Southampton. Hythe, Oalshot and
Cowes the keenest lookout was kept for
the challenger, which it was known would
Btretch her sails.
Every movement was veiled with the
profoundeet secrecy, and owint;" to the
rumors In circulation that her sails were
unsatisfactory the interest was intensi
lied. Newspaper men and photographers
gathered in large numbers and would i
have given anything to Know the pro- ■
gramme, but nothing was given out.
Sir Thomas Upton. deUgnted with his
new treasure, and the Brothers Jameson
were on board the Iverna. John Jameson s
cutter, and Will Fife, the designer of thd :
Shamrock, was much in evidence. :
In Southampton water the Shamrock
presented a magnificent sight. The slight
breeze was lust enough to 1111 her sails,
but she glided syjedily and as gracefully
ay a swan.
It should be understood that yesterday 3
trip was in no sense a test of speed; al
though the Ivema and Satanita accom
panied her. It was .solely for the purpose
of sail stretching. Very soon it became
apparent that there was not a shadow of
foundation for the unfavorable reports.
No doubt a few minor alterations will !■ •
found necessary, but the sails were pro
nounced generally excellent.
The helm trials to-day were even more
satisfactory, if possible, us she answered
all demands beautifully and without the
least trouble.
After passing Calshot Castle, she was
directed toward Cowes, where she was
eagerly scanned by crowds of experts al
' ready "arrived for the season. A distin
guished expert and yachting authority
said that the Shamrock was "the finest
yacht ever seen In the Solent."
Starting again she went along like a
shot out of a gun. heaving for the west
channel and Yarmouth. Then she re
turned toward Southampton. As she beat
up Southampton water with gaff topsail,
mainsail an foresail, she developed won
derful speed, although not after anything
regarding pace, finally anchoring off
Hythe, where she remains until to-mor
row, when she will take another spin ac
companied by the Iverna. A member of
the crew- said:
■•The Shamrock will do what she is built
for and will beat tne Columbia. She
sailed admirably, without a hitch, and
answered her helm to perfection, which
is one of the greatest considerations. We
are going to win, but it is impossible yet
to judge of the yacht's full capacity."
Sir Thomas Lipton expressed himself as
"satisfied with the spin."
Interest is now centered in the spins
with the Britannia: which will be ready
on Monday for at Last four encounters.
In yachting circles the opinion la general
that the Shamrock must beat the Britan
nia at least a half hour considering the
speed the Columbia developed in the races
with the Defender.
CLAY-DISK DESTROYERS'
WORK AT ALAMEDA POINT
POSTER, HOLDS THE FEUDNER
CUP FOR JULY.
Empires and San Franciscos. Aided
by an Ideal Day, Make Scores
Above the Average.
ALAMEDA, July 9.— The San Fram
ami EJmpire Gun • ■hi!.* held their regular
monthly clay pigeon tournaments to-day
at Alameda Point. The sportsmen had ;i
mosi ;■■ rf< ■ •■ shouting and rhf-
Bcores w< re above !..•• average. The sum
mary ni" events of the San Francisco Club
w s :
mlnarj pr t, members only,
ten targets King s, Lockwood 7. Vernon s,
■ • Drey
: . tekeart >; fcJruna 7. Palmer 9.
: . ■!.; ■ Peel 7. Webb to. Hiri
4. Kullman 6, Javette 7. Murdock », Isham 5,
;- tit: ■ :>.
:^h and medal prizes.
<m 18, Peel 13. Sweenej
16, 1 ane 20. Klevesahl
i:. Schultz 24. w.-i.i. 23. Rlckelfson 22, Vernon
IS, LSekeari 23, Kini< 20, Lockwood 13, Palmer
2t, Dreyfus 20, Hoyl 18. Donnelly 17, Bruna 21
22, KPiriHon 21, Javette is. Slade 21. MM •-
L". Haver is. Back
Sweenej 22, Kullman 14. Wmi'N 13, Peel
l(, K^k<--a--t 20, \.-i:. ii :: Haver 13, 19.
•• birds Dreyfus
12 Murdooh 17. King 15, Vernon 19, Foster .4.
Rickelfpon ... Webb 24, Schultz ]•. Lockwood
Cullman 17. Slade 22 lir^ii- 17, Sweeney
20, Klevesahl 20, Peel In Fostei and Webb shot
tie. the former winning and holding tin
cup for July.
An extra twenty-Ove 14rJ race between lead
ers in the cup match resulted as follows: !,..■ k
is 21, \\'-h\> 21, Bchultz _-
The list ol events and scores of the
Empire Gun Club follow:
Club championship medal ma(''h, twenty-five
Debenham 21, Ireland
9, Dr. Gere i<>. Feudner 15, I-h M.iitf is. Corn
wall )\ Jußter 13, Feudner (back score) l' 3.
■ !.". Guyette 9, Hule 18, Mitchell 12, Al
-,1.i 14, Halle 16, Band 9.
Class shoot, money prizes, twenty-five tar-
Flrst cla»a Bebenham 20 Second elaj«s
. is, i AI Uotte 20, Mitchell 13. Dr. v.-i..
i>: Feudner 20. Third class Haver 11. Fourth
Ireland 12, Bond i, Guyette 11, ''■»!!!
■wall 11. JUSt<
Merchandise handicap match, tw<>nt\- targets
— liuic 17. Guyette 10. Cornwall v. Bond IS,
Mitchell 1"'. Dr. Gere 17. La Mnttt- I^, .luster
is. Debenham 17. Haver IS. In the shoot off be
tween Cornwall and Juster thf former won.
OLYMPIC BIKD SHOOT.
Peudner Wins the Diamond Medal for
the Third Time.
The regular monthly live l.ird shoo I of
the Olympic Gun Club took place yes
terday afternoon ;ii the inglesid.- traps.
M. O. Feudner and A. M. Shields shot a
special match fur the club diamond
medal.
The club rarf was between C. A. Haight
and \V. A. Golcher, each of whom ma<lp
clean Boorea of twenty-five birds. The
entrance fee waa $.. with $25 added, and
they divided the money.
In the special race for the diamond
medal A. M. Bhields dropped out at the
nth bird. M. O. Feudner made a
clean score to the twenty-third bird and
then dropped out, not finishing. This is
the third time he lias won the medal.
11. J-J. Hosxner killed twenty-two birds
in the club race. The other scores were
unfinished-
■ ♦ ■ ,r '.
Given a tray with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Oewey.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing. .:
WATSONVILLE
HAS A HARD
ROAD TO TRAVEL
San Francisco Wins
Three Straight.
A SHUT-OUT OVER IN OAKLAND
— ♦ —
AN INTERESTING STRUGGLE AT
RECREATION PARK.
\ Haysesds Lead Off With Five Runs.
but Are Beaten Out by a
Series of Hits and
Errors.
Three straight victories, of which two
were shutouts, tell the story of the work
of Hank's hired men with WatsonvilJe
during the series just closed. There was
never a moment when the outcome was
in doubt in any of the games, and the
locals have amply demonstrated that
barring unforseen accidents they are right
In line for the pennant.
The morning game at Golden Gate was
a farce. The Hayseeds could do nothing
with Iberg. who seemed to have entirely
regained his effectiveness, and their own
bungles materially aided in the general
result.
In the afternoon at Recreation Park
Fireman Fitz officiated at the obsequies,
and after the first inning he was as invin
j cible as he was on the previous day.
There were several changes In the local
team owing to an injury sustained by
Swindells in the tirst Inning, necessitating
his retirement to the Held. Sullivan
donned the air package and demonstrat
ed that he is still fully capable of per
forming backstop work with discretion
and distinction.
The visitors started off with a rush, and
the big crowd of spectators fancied for a
short time that the locals were up against
it. but during the succeeding eight in
nings VVatsonville demonstrated thai it
had sounded a false alarm, and after the
Friscos began to wield their war clubs
there was no longer a doubt as to the
outcome.
Four swats and the fireman's wildness
gave the visitors five runs in the initial
inning, which caused the local rooters to
gasp, but after that they subsided and
did no further damage.
Harris' bunch secured a couple of tallies
in the second, another in the fourth, two
in the fifth and kept stringing them
along through the fifth, seventh and
eighth innings until they had wiped out
the lead of the Hayseeds and were two
runs to the good.
Harper pitched a good game and struck
out the fireman three times. Watson
ville managers are determined to have
a winning team in the field and happily
are not in the least discouraged by tke
latest string of defeats. They are now
in correspondence with a number of East
ern players, and in a short time they hope
to have the team reorganized. . The
scores of the two games are as follows:
MORNING GAME.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AH. R. BH. SB. l'< i. A. E.
Hllderbrandt, r. — 3 2 0 1 0 0 0
Muller, I. f 6 2 1 0 4 1 1
ICrug, s. s 6 2 2 <> 2 2 0
Sullivan 1 1) 5 3 4 0 9 10
iiil.-y, 3 b 5 2 1 0 1 4 1
Swindell*, c 5 12 0 6 10
Pyne, <•. i 5 1 1 0 2 0 0
O'Netl, 2 b 4 10 12 0 0
[berg, i> 5 0 0 0 14 0
Totals 44 14 11 2 27 13 2
WATSONVILLE.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bodle, 3 1) & c 4 0 0 0 2 2 2
Courtney, s. s- 3 0 2 0 3 4 1
Selna, 1 b 1 0 0 0 1 0 3
Morrow, c. & 3 b.... 3 0 20 1 2 0
Hillings. 2 b 4 0 0 0 6 3 1
Plake, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 2
Crall. c. f 4 0 2 0 3 0 n
Hayes, I. 1 3 0 0 0 ii 10
Kelly, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Davis, 1 b 2 0 10 5 0 1
Totals 31 0 7 0 27 14 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 2 0 3 0 3 0 0 3 I—ll
Base hits 2 0 10 3 0 0 2 3— ll
Watsonville 0 00000000— 0
Base hits 0 11002111—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Kelly, 3. Home run —
Sullivan. Two-base Rlley. First base on
errors— San Francisco, 7; Watsonville, 1. First
base on called — Ban '"Francisco, 8; Watson
ville, 2. Left on bases San Francisco, 11; Wat-
Bonville. 7. Struck out— By [berg, 5; by Kelly,
3. Double play— Riley to Sullivan. Passed
bf.ll*— Morrow, 1; Bodie, 2. Wild pitches-
Kelly. 4. Time of game— Umpire— Cahill.
Scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
AFTERNOON GAME.
PAN* FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt, c. t.. 4 2 1 1 2 0 0
Mnller, 1. f: 3 110 10 0
Krug, s. s "i 1 1 2 5 5 1
Sullivan, c 5 2 2 1 6 1- (I
Riley. 3 b 4 13 0 2 11
Swindells, r. I 5 0 1 0 0 0 1
Pyne, 11. 5 0 0 19 0 2
O'Neil. 2 b 4 i) 0 1 2 3 0
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 39 7 9 6 27 13 5
WATSONYII.T.E.
AB. R. BH SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 3 b 3 12 0 0 3 1
Courtney, a. a 4 l l 0 1 6 2
Selna 1 b 3 10 0 IS 0 1
Marvin, <■ 4 0 1 0 4 0 0 1
Billings, 2 b 4 110 3 » 1
Plake r. f 4 1110 0 0
(roll. If 4 0 10 2 0 0
Hayes c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Harper, p 4 0 o*o 1 10
Totals 34 5 7 1 27 10 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 2 0 0 3 0 11 o—7
Base hits 0 2 0 12 0 12 l—
Wataonville 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-5
Base hits 4 0 0 0 10 0 2 o—7
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Riley. Two-base hits— Rlley.
Hilderbrandt. KniK. Brockhoff. First base on
errors- San Francisco 2. Watsonville 2. l f*irst
base on called balls— San Francisco 5, Watson
ville 2. 1-eft on bases— San Francisco 7, Wat
gonville 4. Struck out— By Fltzpatrlck 9, by
Harper 4. Double play— Selna unassisted. Wild
pitch Harper. Time of game — Umpire —
Patsy Cahill.
HONORS WERE EVEN.
Sacramento and Oakland Each Take a
Game.
SACRAMENTO, July 9.— Sarrnm^nto
won Hip morning jrame from Oakland.
liiirvf.N- pitchpil a steady game. Four hits
were made off him. One by T,;iiikp was
an over-the-fencer for the only run made
by the cripples. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AH. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
llennie, r. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
Harvey, p 2 1 0 0 0 3 0
Doyle. <■. f 5010101
Eagan, s. s ( 0 1 .0 1 4 o
Stanley, c * 1 I 1 11 X 0
ghanahan, 1 b 4 1 0 • l n o 0
McLaughlin, 1. f 5 1 0 1 1 o 0
Btulz, L'b 3 l l v 0 2 0
Sneehan, 3 b 2 0 0 0 l 2 1
Ti-tals 33 6 7 8 27 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Peeples. 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 5 10
Hardle. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
l>unleavy, I. f * 0 1 0" 2 0 0
Lance, 3 b 4 l l o l 2 o
Bchmeer, r- s 4 o i o 3 3 i
imnovan. c. f 4 0 o o 3 0 1
Hutchlnson, 1 b 3 0 1 n n o 0
Steffani. p 2 0 0 0 0 5 1
Totals 32 1 4 0 27 13 6
THE SAN FRANCTPCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1899.
SPORTS EAST AND WEST
HENLEY ON THE THAMES V/HEN THE "EIGHTS" ARE RACING.
The Henley Royal Regatta, held annually on the Thames in July, is one of the classic sporting events of the world.
It was Instituted In IS3<*. and eyer yince h:is held pride of place among the amateur oarsmen. The race for the diamond
sculls. Instituted in IM4. attracts the best scullers of all countries. For three years the race has been won by an American.
In 1897 Edward Hanlon Ten Eyck gained the coveted honor, while k. Hunting Howell captured it in IS9S and again last Fri
day.
Rt'NS ASM i HITS BY INNINGS
Sacramento 0 0 1 0 ') 3 2 ft o—6
Base hits 1 13 0 0 110 0-7
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0-1
Base hits 0 2 0 0 10 0 0 1-4
SUMMARY.
P>un? responsible for- Harvey, 1: Rteffani. 4.
i; ime run Lange. Two-base hits— Eagan,
Doyle. Sacrifice hits— Harvey, Shanahan,
Eagan, Sheehan. First ba^e on errors—Sacra
-4; Oakland, 2. First base <>n balls—
o:T Harvey, 2; off steffani, 5. I>eft on bases—
Sa ramenta 6; Oakland, 6. Struck out -By
Harvey, l"; by Steffani, ::. Time .if game Two
ti..urs. L'mplre Rube Levy. Scorer-^G. A.
(Jriftin.
Oakland landed th^ nftprnonn pame. The
opposing pitchers tossed j;reat ball until
The seventh inning, when a combination
of errors by the locals and long drives by
the visitors landed tho latter In the lead.
The feature w:is a home run drive by
Stanley. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. 8 IIH. SB PO. A. E.
Dennie, r. f 5 0 0 v 3 0 0
Harvey, c. f 3 0 0 " 2 0 0
Doyle, p 4 0 1 1 0 2 0
Eagan s. b 4 10 0 6 4 0
Stan!, y, C 4 1 2 n 5 1 0
Shanahan. 11. 4 0 0 1 6 0 1
McLauKhlin. 1. f 4 2 3 2 10 0
Stulz, 21. 4 0 2 0 13 2
Sbeehan, 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 1 2
Totals 36 4 S 4 »23 11 5
OAKLAND.
AH. R. HH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 2 b S 2 2 0 1 4 0
Hakmond, c 6 1 1 1 4 1 0
Ha7dle, r. f 3 110 2 0 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 6 110 5 0 1
Lan*e. if b 4 110 13 1
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Donovan, c. f 3 0 12 10 0
Hutchinson. 1 b 4 1 1 0 11 1 2
M. skiman, \> < 1 l ° ° °_°_
T tals 37 8 9 3 27 13 4
•Schmeer .-m for interfering with batted ball.
KINS AXI> HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramen 0 0 o 1 0 0 1 0 2—4
Base hits 1 I 0 0 0 1 2 0 3-8
Oakland 00 0 1 J 0-8
Base hits 0 1 1 2 0 0 2 3 o—9 ;
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for Doyle 4. Moskiman 3.
llf.m.- run Stanley. Three-base hit— Dunleavy.
Two-base hit^ UcLaughlln 2. Stulz. Sacrifice
hii Harvey. First base on errors— Sacramento
4 Oaklani 4. First base on ball? off Doyle
Left on bases Sacramento 6. Oakland 7.
Struck out -By Doyle 2. by Moskiman 2. Hit
by pitcher Hardle. Time of game— l:4s. Lm
pire— Rube Levy. Scorer— G. A. Griffin.
• San Jose Downs the Lobsters.
SAN JOSE, July 9.— The ball game to
day was well attended, and the local fans
were pleased to see San Jose walk away
easily with the second straight f.ame
from" Santa Cruz. Andrews pitched for
the San Jose team and Daubinblss for
the visitors. Borchera got into the game
on account of McGucken being laid cff
from injuries received in Saturday's
game. The chief made two two-bus? hits
that netted'three runs. Andrews was very
effective at critical times. The score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. It BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Borchers, 1 b 3 : 2 0 10 0 2
Graham, r. f..... 2 0 112 10
Anderson. 2 b 4 11113 0
Dalrymple. 1. t 5 0 11110
Hanion, c. f 3 0 10 0 0 1
O'Doa, 3 b 4 0 0 0 7 2 0
Leake, B s 4 0 0 0 2 10
Andrews, p 3 10 0 0 5 0
Kent, C 3 2 0 0 4 0 0
Totals SI 6 8 3 27 13 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Williams. 2 b 4 0 2 0 13 0
Pace c, 4 0 10 7 0 0
Deve'reaux, 3 b 6 110 0 2 1
Clarke 1 h 4 0.00801
Drennan, c. f 3 0 0 . 0 5 0 1
Strleb, 1. i 4 0 2 13 0 1
Klelber, s. 8.... 4 0 10 0 3 0
An- lanes, r. f 2 0 1.0 0 0 0
Daubenbls, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals M 1 3 1 24 10 .4
RUNS AND HITS BY INXINGS.
San Jose 0 0 2 10 2 0 1 •-«
Base bits 10 0 1 11 11 »-6
Santa Cruz ....0 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—l
Base hits 1 1110 2 0 0 2-8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Andrews, 1; Dauben
bls 2 Two-base hits— Borcherp, 2. Sacrifice
hits'— Graham, llanlon, William!". First base
on balls— San JoFf, 6; Santa Cruz, 6. Hit by
pitcher— Uorehers. Struck out— By Andrews, 3:
by Daubenbis, .'.. l>ft on bases— Pan Jose, 10;
Santa Cruz, 11. Double plays— Klelber to Wil
liams to Clarke; Graham to O'Dea. Passed
ball— Time of game— l:so, Umpire—
O'Connell. -Waldorf.
NATIONAL LEAGUE GAMj^S.
St. Louis Wins From Louis vills and
Cleveland.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...'.& '-'- .654 PittKburg ...?.:, 33 .515
Boston 42 26 .618 Cincinnati ..33 35 .485
Chicago 11 26 .612 New Y0rk... 30 37 .44S
Philadelphia 40 27 .597 Louisville ...27 44 .37.1
St Louts .-41 29 .T.SG Washington 23 48 .324
Baltimore ...38 28 .576 Cleveland ...12 55 .179
CHICAGO, July 9.— Six hits, scattered one to
an Inning, was the best the" Reds could do with
Taylor's carve* tn-duy, and but for a gift and
two errors in the ninth they would 'have been
blanked. Mertes and Dcmont divided . most
of' the hits off Dwyer and Elmer Smith carried
oft" the fielding honors. Attendance, 14,000.
Score:
Clubs- . R- H- .E.
Chicago « 10 ' *
Cincinnati 16 2
Batteries — Taylor and Donahue; Dwyer and
Wood. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham,
ST. LOUIS, July 9. — The Perfectos swatted
the ball harder to-day than at any time thl»
year, and consequently won two games. Every
man' on the St. Louis team hit the leather. In
the second game Cross made a. home run with
the bases full. It was a terrific line drive to
left center. Makan also made a home run in
the second game. It seems as though the latter
baa "got Ms eye back." Attendance,
Score <•' first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pt. IviiilM H IS 0- ;
Louisville 4 11 2
Batteries— Powell and ("riper: Phllippi an.l ,
Powers. I'mplre?— O' l >ay and McSarr.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St Louis 11 17 3
Cleveland 4 10 4
Batteries — Cuppy and O'Connor; Schmi.lt and
Schrecongost. umpire" O'Day an.l McOarr.
JEFF SPARS WITH
"BROTHER JACK"
The Champion Starts for Los
Angeles to See His
Mother,
FIVE THOUSAND people, men women and children, yesterday enioyod
the honor of tramping over the treeless avenues of Glen Park in the
wake of the "only undefeated heavy-weight pugilist living, James J.
Jeffries, champion of the world." The crowd was there early, and it
was there apparently for no other purpose than to see and hear the
champion of all champions, for Jeff had been udvertlsed to make a speech.
They saw, but heard not, for Jeffries has not yet acquired the speech-mak
ing habit and evinces no desire to win the plaudits of the multitude by wag
ging his jaw.
Promptly at 3 o'clock Charles McCaull climbed through the trap door on
to the platform where the exhibition was to take place and announced that
the biggest star of the pugilistic firmament was about to shine for a few
brief moments, prefacing this announcement, however, with the very lucid
and satisfactory statement that Jeffries was more than anxious to tight his
(•(lining battle with Sharkey in San Francisco and would certainly do so, pro
vided San Francisco offered a bigger purse than any of the Eastern cities.
As McCaull reached his flrsi period Jack Jeffries appeared at the trap
door and the crowd began to yell, thinking it was the champion. The mis
take was discovered at once, however, and the cheers died away to break
out with renewed energy a moment later when the opening in the platform
was suddenly tilled with what appeared to be a whole bunch of fighters. A3
the bunch slowly squeezed Its way through the opening and straightened up
the cheers developed into a roar of approval and a broad grin of satisfaction
at the warmth of his reception overspread Jeffs features as he crawled
through the ropes.
The exhibition was a revelation to those of the spectators who saw Jef
fries spar for the first time since his return from the East. Jack Jeffries,
despite all his cleverness, did not land a clean blow on his big brother dur
ing the entire four rounds. In fact, the champion played with him as a
cat with a mouse. His ducking and marvelous quickness were astonish
ing, and the prediction was freely made when the bout was over that Shar
key and his "Dewey destroyer" would not be in it with Fitzsimmons' con
queror if the two ever came together.
At the conclusion of the exhibition Jeffries, his brother Jack, Hops O'Xeil
and C. B. McCaull started for Los Angeles. They crossed the bay and
boarded their train without being recognized by more than a half dozen peo
ple. They will return to San Francisco in time for Jeffries to spar at the
Reliance Club benefit in Oakland next Friday night. The trip to Los Angeles
at this time is principally due to Jeffries' desire to see his mother.
IVlarysville Gun Club Outing.
MARTSVILL.E, July 9.—The MarysvUle
Gun <"!ul) held a meeting last night and
outlined a programme for the annual
dove Btew which is to be held at Shelton's
Grove about the* 30th inst. The outing
will be strictly .'in invitation affair. There
will be live l>ird and blue rock contests,
in which the leadhig marksmen of the
State generally participate. It is proposed
to add a deer barbecue as a feature.
Lottie /I\ U/ii?s J!?ird
GOOD SCORES
AT THE SHELL
MOUND RANGE
Marksmen Get a Fine
Day.
GORMAN MAKES A RECORD
INITIAL PRIZE SHOOT OF THE
GOLDLN GATE CLUB.
Germania and San Francisco Schuet
zen Vereins Hold Their Monthly
— Norddeutscher
Bullseye Shoot.
A better day than yesterday could not
have been ordered for the marksmen at
Shell Mound Park. The scores showed
excellent work done by the five clubs and
the Naval Battalion. The fine weather
brought out the strength of the various
clubs, and in consequence the range was
crowded with many persons besides the
contestants. The best Individual score was
made by J. E. Gorman of the Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club, who, in the pistol
shoot, at fifty yards, standard American
target, scored 40 out of a possible 40 in
four, shots. The clubs upon the range
yesterday were: The Golden Gate Rifle
and Pistol Club. Germania Schuetzen,
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Nord
.deutscher Schuetzen, Independent Rifles
and the First and Second divisions of the
Naval Battalion.
Yesterday was the initial prize shoot of
the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. It
was a most gratifying success to its mem
bers, both financially and otherwise, and
there was an exceedingly large atend- I
ance. There was $104 given in cash prizes,
and besides this amount there was at
least $50 worth of other useful prizes.
Beginning with the Golclen Gate Rifle
and Pistol Club the following are the
scores made yesterday:
Ring target— K. Faktor 9", first prize;
D. W. McLaughlin, second prize; Adolph
Strecker, third prize, and F. E. Mason,
fourth prize.
Honorary target— D. W. Mclaughlin 72
out of a possible 75, Otto Bremer 72 and D.
B. Faktor 71. ,
Revolver shoot, fifty yards, standard
American target— Smith Carr 37 out of a
possible 40. J. E. Gorman 34, A. Bonner
31 and F. H. Bushnell 29. r• ' 'i
Pistol shoot, fifty yards, standard Amer
ican target— E. Gorman 40 out of a pos
sible 40 F. H. Bushnell 37, Smith Carr 35
and J. F. Bridges 30.
The following were the scores or the
monthly medal shooting of the Germania
Scheutzen: „ ,
First champion class, F. P. Schuster 442:
second champion .-lass. Nick Ahrens 401;
first class, G. Gefken 413; second class, J.
Bridges 423; third class, H. Ulkendey 361;
best first shot. F. Schuster 25; best last
shot, F. Rust 25.
Bushnell medal shoot— Mclaughlin
225, D. B. Faktor 222, J. Utschig 218, F. B.
Schuster 213. _ -■ .
Competition for cash prizes— J. I ts<h!g
70 D. B. Faktor 69 and F. B. Schuster 68.
The following scores were made in the
monthly medal shoot of the San Francisco
Scheutzen Verein: F. P. Schuster 452. The
first class did not fill. Second class. H. * .
Lilkendey 357: third class. E. 11. Goetz 41.;
fourth class, John I,ankenau 393; first best
shot, F. Schuster 24; last best shot, D. B.
Faktor 24.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the Nor.l
deutscher Schuetzen showed exceedingly
fair results. The following were the ten
i highest individual scores made: Henry
Burflend 222. John Gefken 344. F. Koch
394 John de "Wit 476. W. Gottschalk .>.(.
F P. Schuster 616, Captain L. Siebe .20.
B. Schinkel 956, John D. Helse 858 and
John Lankenau 905. Cash prizes were
given. , , ;,
The following were the scores in the
monthly medal shoot of the Independent
Rifles: Lieutenant E. "Woenning 40, H.
Goetzen and H. Marzolf 3S, Corporal P.
H. Schonigr 35. 11. Kuhlke 32. J. Schlicht
mann and D. Steffens 30 and H. Felix 2".
The following were the scores made by
the Naval Battalion;
First division— H. Harris 38, Lindecker
37, P. O. Murphy 30. O. Smith 27, F. Sev
erance 28, W. H. Morgan 17. L. Bush 2s,
H. Landy 28 and J. Beattie 29.
Second division— E. B. Holliday 3S, F.
D. Burgess 22. G. W. Hammon 27, Daley
27. J. Garrett 22. W. R. Mockey 10, G. Sut
ton 4. R. AY. Blake 33. W. Cattran S, 11.
Hilton 42 and F. Deureux 31.
In the Handball Courts.
The juvenile game scheduled for yes
terday "between the four youngsters
whose names appeared among the entries
for the Phil Ryan gold medal did not
come off owing to an accident to Collins'
hand while working in a foundry on Sat
urday. While handling some casting he
got the fingers badly burned, which pre
vented his playing. As a substitute for
this game a four-handed game was made
ud between A. "Whlteman. R. Redli, U.
Qulnn and K. "White. Whiteman and
Redli won the game— 19-21. 21-7.
A second match between prospective
amateurs, in which J. P. Brady, J. P.
Healy, J. Feeney and H. Krull took part,
was "decided by the score of 21-19, 18-21,
21-20 in favor of Brady and Healy.
The single-handed game which wua
played last Sunday between W. Has.sell
and B. Clements was renewed yesterday,
with the result that Clements came out
the winner by a score of 21-4. 18-21, 21-10.
This is now conclusive.
.* The games in which the older players
"took part were decided by the following
scores:
Not beins satisfied with last Sunday's single
handed (tame, W. Hassell was again defeated
by B. Clements. Score: 21-3. 20-21, 21-7.
J. Hand and W. Silvia defeated R. Dolan
and Klelber Abbott. Score: 21-4. 16-21. 21-10.
W. Collins and J. Kenealey defeated A. Han.
son and H. McNevln. Score: 21-10. 6-21, 21-18.
J. Hlnchey, champion of Capltola, and T.
MoManus defeated M. Butler and W. McKenzle.
Score: 21-13. 15-21. 21-12.
E. MrDonoiißh and K. Lynch defeated W. H.
Sieberst and W. H. Kedlan. Score: 21-11, 17-21
21-13. -A'
A. McVlcker and J. Condon defeated B. Clem
ents "and T. I.ydon. Score: 21-10. 14-21, 21-19.
J. Nelson and R. Houseman defeated J.
Slattery and M. McClure. Score: 21-9, 11-21,
21-16.
J. Sharkey and M. Dillon defeated G. Hutch
lnson and P. Kelly. Score: 21-18. 13-21/21-14
R. L.lnehan and E. Toy defeated .T. White and
J. Harlow. Score: 21-11. 12-21. 21-20.
In a change of partners R. Llnehan and J
White defeated J. Harlow and E. Toy. Score"
i 21-16, 13-21, 21-17.
Hali Adali May Be Arrested.
CHICAGO, July Jt.-T.. M. Houseman of
this city said to-day that he would on
Monday apply for an injunction before
the United States Court to restrain the ar
pearnce of Hall Adali, the Turkish wrest
ler champion, under the management of
persons other than himself. Houseman
claims to have a two years' contract with
the Turk at a stated salary. The re
straining order, if issued, will' be directed
against Butte persons, who have offered
Hali more money than he is getting un
der his existing contract. An order of
arrest for obtaining money under false
pretenses. Mr. Houseman says, will be
prayed for. Houseman alleges that Hall
asked for and received his July salary in
advance, accepting it after having written
a letter declaring his intention to forth
with return to Turkey.
Van Buskirk Challenges Jeffords.
MARYSVILLE. July 9.— Theodore Van
Buskirk, the Marvsville pugilist, says h<j
has challenged "Jim" Jeffords of Vlsallu
for a twenty-round contest, to take p'ai^e
before the Stockton Athletic Cluh n*>xt
month. As he has defeated Jeffords
thrice he will himself bet on the result.
LOTTIE M WINS
IN FINE STYLE
AT UNION PARK
Her Third Victory in
Six Weeks.
SHE WAS HARDLY EXTENDED
FLUSH GETS INTO THE FINAL,
BUT IS WITHDRAWN.
He Is Slipped to a Strong Hare With
Brutus Previously and Both
Dogs Are Run to a
Standstill.
IT. Lynch's black wonder, Lottie M. won
the seventy-four-dng stake at T'nlon
Coursing Park yesterday as though It
were an exercise gallop f<>r her. This
is the third Make won by her in the past
six wc<-ks. In her only other start she
was runner-up t<> Gladiator.
Lottie M was not called upon to run the
final murse yesterday, as Flush, the dog
she should have met, was withdrawn. In
the tilth round Plush met Brutus, and the
pair were slipped to a strong hare. It
led them back and forth across the field
until the dogs were beaten off, and to
their lives a fresh greyhound was
released. He killed quickly. In the next
round Flush drew a bye and in order to
qualify for the final, which meant at least
second place, was compelled to run.
After a short rest he came out, but
showed by his open mouth and heaving
sides that he was still distressed. Walt
a Little was sent to the slips with him,
and happily kill.-d quickly. After a
straight run-up he snapped up the hare,
rolling over and over like an acrobat.
This course placed Flush in the final, but
he was withdrawn, as in his exhausted
condition a severe course meant death.
Lottie M won the stake in the sixth
round, when she met Twin City Girl. At
the first attempt the hare turned to the
right suddenly and both dogs lost sight
of him. They ran about aimlessly for a
time, but were caught by their handlers
before any harm was done. The second
hare was a strong one and made straight
for the escapes. It was Lottie M all the
way. She led by a dozen open lengths,
the* Girl getting one turn when the hare
turned back just before making good its
escape.
In the eighteen courses run off during
the morning not a single short-ender won.
This is the first time this has happened
since the opening of the park. As though
to make amend- for this, a number of
short-enders raised flags In the next
round. Kmin Pasha, 3 to 1, beat Mialmo
after a brilliant run-up. Candelaria, 2 to
1, beat Master Clair. Master Clalr had
the speed, but was kept on the outer cir
cle of the hare's course and could not
score. Prince Hal. Lowe and Thompson's
big dog, beat Susie at 2 l j to 1. The Flush-
Emm Pasha race was a heavy betting
one, the former leading up and getting
the first turn, while Emm Pasha secured
two wrenches and the kill.
Flush started against Brutus at 5 to 1
and won. This was the longest course of
the day. AVhen Twin City Girl won from
Mac's Melody she was on the short end
at 2 to 1 and nobody wanted her. She
won handily. The detailed results of the
day's sport follow:
Open stake, second round— .T. Dean's Mialmo
beat Chella & Gaffney's Golden Russet; Pasha
Kvnr.els' Kmin I'asha beat P. J. Healey'a
O'Hara: F. A. McComb's Flush beat J. J.
Keenan's Royal Buck; J. J. Keenan's Blacklook
br>ut J. O'Dowd'a Scout; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Muster Clair beat Aeneld Kennels' Maid
of Krin; J Seg^erson's Candelaria beat Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs; J. P. Thrift's Brutus
beat D. Ford's Bonita; Dennis & Porter's The
Devi] beat E. M. Kellogs's Hummer; John
Mnher's Soubrette beat Sterl & Knowles" Wag;
H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes beat Hanily
& Smith's Victor; Hartels Bros.' Mac's Melody
beat Rlneon Kennels' Hard Lines: Russell. Al
len & Wilson's .Lady Emma beat Dennis &
Porter's October Woodcock; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal beat E. M. Kellogg's Kid Mc-
Coy; T. Butler's Susie beat P. Brophy's Benicl*
Boy; Handy & Smith's Sylvanus beat Aeneld
Kennels' Pretender: H. Lynch's Lottie M beat
Handy & Smith' s Ben Bolt; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat G. .1. Panarlo's Joker;
Handy & Smith's Twin City Girl beat Smith
<k Dray den's Mountain Belle; D. J. Healey's
For Glory a bye.
Third round— Kmin Pasha beat Mialmo; Flush
beat Blaeklock: Candeleria beat Master Clalr;
Brutus beat The Devil: Crawford Braes beat
Soubrette; Mac's Melody beat Lady Emma;
I'rince Ha! beat Susie: Lottie M beat Sylva
nus; For Glory beat Mountain Beauty; Twin
City < Ji rl a bye.
Fourth round— Flush beat Kmin Pasha; Bru
tus beat Candeleria; Mac's Melody beat Craw
ford Braes: Lottie M beat I'rince Hal; Twin
City Girl beat For Glory.
Fiftli round— Flush beat Brutus; Twin City
Giil beat Mac's Melody; Lottie M a bye.
Sixth round— Lottie M beat Twin City Girl:
Flush a bye.
Final— H. Lynch's Lottie M wine; Flush
withdrawn.
Game in Yuba County.
MARYSYILLE, July 9.— On and after
next Saturday, July 15, it will be lawful
to kill cloves and deer in Yuba County.
From all sections come reports of plenty
of doves. The birds are unusually thicic
in the foothills, and almost every scrub
oak bush holds a dove's nest. Now that
harvesting is under way the birds will
begin to work down into the grain fieUU.
As for quail, the season has been a very
pood one. The river bottoms are full of
bands of half-grown birds, and parties
from the foothills say they have not seen
so many young birds in their section in
years. The birds hatched early this sea
son, and by October 1. when the season
opens, they will be fully grown. Pheas
ants, which are comparatively now in
this section, are becoming ouite plentiful.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AILMENTS OF MEN
Qui:kiy and Permanently Cured
B-- the O'd R-!hh!e Specialists.
Established 18 years. No pay till
cured. Consultation free. ' Home
cures a speciuitv. Private book and
particulars at offi:e or by mail.
DR. METERS & CO.,
73/ MARKET ST., S. F.
_. . _, Hours Bto 5 dally.
Talcs Elevator. Evenings. 7 to 8.
Sundays. 9 to 11.STILL A FEW
IDEAS WORTHY
OF IMITATION
Oakland Can Learn of
Other Cities.
TRUTH TOLD BY TOURISTS
— • —
CANNOT BUILD A CITY ON
CHEA.t» POLITICS.
"Water Front a Treasury the Key to
Which Demagogues and De
stroyers Will Never
Find.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 9.
Somewhere I have read, "Come, let us
reason together." Apparently they obey
this injunction In some places, but never j
In Oakland. This permanent ignoring of j
such sage advice is brought 01:1 prom- !
inently just noxv by reason of the return
of a few Intelligent Oaklanders from the
East. They have seen something greater I
■than Oakland, they have noticed a few:
ideas broader than those prevailing here
and they all tell the same story- God has
done everything; Oakland has loafed.
George D. Met calf is one of these tour- j
ists. In expressing his ideas he used the
following words:
The most common thought that cornea to a.
resident of Oakland who appreciates Oakland |
ana endeavors to compare It with Eastern cities
of the same size or smaller, Is that Oakland is |
beyond all question far richer in natural ad- i
vantages than any of them, but is poverty- j
stricken in what her Inhabitants have done i
her.
Oakland as a city, from location and sur- j
roundings, ought to be par excellence the nio»t
beautiful in the country, but as a matter ot
fact it is twenty-five years behind the times
and is inferior to many Eastern cities of one
half its population in all those things that go
to make an attractive, progressive, live place.
We have all the natural advantages here, but
are woefully lacking in the progressive spirit
of fhe ape. What Oakland needs more than
anything rise is that the people should awaken
not only to a proper s«»nse and just appreciation
of what they have, but to the possibilities In
perfecting what they have.
— — ■
Another leading man, John L. Howard,
whose ideas are all commercial, expressed
himself a couple of days ago in language
that is as truthful as it is plain. He said: |
Oakland is the sleeping apart of San
Francisco, and i, seems as If it was poms to '
stay asleep as far as branching out commer
daily is concerned. The people show a lack
of interest In developing the resources of the I
city. I know of no city of a population cf j
70.000 which has the commercial opportunities
of this city that has done so little in that
direction.
For example, Oakland is thirty odd years :
old and there is only one private wharf at
which ships can land. Th? city own? two small I
piers, and that constitutes the entire list of j
our facilities for doing commerce.
The harbor should be ■••■.: estuary
should be dredged. a retaining wall built and
the water front land reclaimed by tilling in
with the mud trom the dredging.
There is no reason why cargoes should not !
be shipped and landed at this port directly
instead of transferring at San Francisco, as la
dene at present. _
A S. McDonald, who stands in the lead j
of Oakland real estate men. h?.s also just
returned from a larger world than Oak
land, and he voices a few truths as fol- ■
lows:
The prominence given by all the great East- i
err. cities to parks and boulevards is something
that Oakland might note and Imitate with ad
vantage. I should like to transport our City
Council arrl officials and certain taxpayers to
cities where they could see thousands of people >
of all clashes enjoying and using these present !
apparently amrl" public driveways and breath- j
ing placfs, and ihen have them note the move j
ments on toot for more of them. A man en the
returning train asked me what 1 had to show !
him In Oakland. 1 had to reply nothing, except ;
that Oakland is a sort cf park arid garden in j
itself, thr.t nature hnd done much for us while .
we as yet have done nothing.
I come back, though, full of the highest hopes
for Oakland. We are on the threshold of great .
things here. I should be afraid to tell all the i
things that I now foresee for our city and sec- j
tlon for fear of startling people. Still, some j
people need startling. There are such people |
even in Oakland. ;
There are one or two practical or specific con
siderations, besides these general ones, that Ij
bring back to Oakland from my hasty trip |
through the Eastern cities. One is the matter ,
of binding a town for public Improvements and i
for public purposes. Cleveland, not very many !
years ago when its population was 35,000,
bonded itself for $4/<>''.ooo; all of that sum. mini
j»ou, for the purpose of securing, subsidizing, if
you will, manufacturers and transportation •
lines. One site, together with a quarter of a
million dollars, was given outright to a single '
manufacturing concern. Well, Cleveland now
has twelve great railroads and its population
is 300.000. Does this look as though Oakland j
ought to lie afraid of Mayor Snow's modest
million dollar bonding plan
"Same old thing." every Oaklander no j
doubt said when he read these gentle- j
men's remarks. The ■ expression Is Flgj- j
rificant. It is the same old thing, and j
just so long as this city permits a Creator j
to do all the work and not bear its share j
of the burden it will always be the same I
old thing. It surely is not too much to
expect that people who have as much in- '
telligence along ordinary lines as have
Oaklanders should get together and rea- '
son once in a while. I do not mean gath- ,
er at an official's house, sample his wine,
eat his turkey and spend two or three !
hours debating over the making or break- J
ing of a policeman. What is necessary is
that the men who are. perforce, inter-;
ester] in the progress of the city, where
their money and interests lie; should come >
together and reason in the same spirit ;
and on the same practical basis as would
the partners in a firm regarding any large -I
mercantile transaction.
It seems foolish, as it Is stale, to repeat j
any, if the tremendous advantages that !
exist In this city simply waiting for the \
public spirit to profit by them. Down on I
the water front (which to any other city j
would be a public treasury) a large grain j
firm is now erecting a mammoth ware
house. This move should have been made, !
speaking progressively, the signal for a !
hie civic demonstration, with bands and j
banners and all the legitimate hullaballoo
that modern, wideawake people have of |
calling attention to their Importance. !
Should this one warehouse prove a sue- j
ieessful venture (and he shrewd firm that !
is building it ha no doubt satisfied itself j
on this point), it can only mean one thing!
— one by one ail the large grain kings of
Port Costa, Benicia and Crockett must .
follow suit, and have a warehouse offer-!
ing the same advantages as their compet- 1
itor in Oakland. For yearn shipping men ■
have debated the possibility of bringing <
wharf and rail together at a nearer point
than Port Costa. During the last three j
years this has actually been done in Oak- !
land, and yet probably not one person in j
a thousand in the State of California is j
aware of this fact. At the same time I
venture to gamble that every town in the ■
State, and possibly every citizen, regards j
Oakland as a political bear-garden, with i
no higher aims in view than chasing '
shadows and quarreling over apparitions. j
"Oakland has a grand future," is the
heading, In large type, over a valuable
article in the Tribune. This is the great !
trouble. Oakland is always preparing for
the next generation Instead of determin-
Ing that it shall have a present as well
as a future. Some one else, during tne.
week, called attention to the fact that 1
Oakland is now thirty years old, and yet
its great source of wealth, the water '
front, is about as useful as a means of
producing income as it was when shrewd j
old Carpenter gave his old wharf and |
iolhouse for it. ;
There is but one thing to make a city
great— work. The only thing that can
bring work to Oakland Is the development
of the water front by the cstablismcnt of |
large industries. For a generation peo- j
Pie with petty political ideas have sought j
to maks capital out of all manner of agl- j
tations. Had the movements been con
ceived in good faith they would have
proved a benefit, but no agitations pro
fessionally concocted have ever proved a
benefit. It has been the ambition of every
demagogue who has had a hand in con- j
trollng the affairs of this city to be con- j
tented with a policy of destruction Their ;
motto has been. "Pull down^ while no
one has mad.- a healthy, legltimat.
fort to build up. This Is why men go
East and come back expreMing such
ideas as I have already quotea.
Surely this thing cannot go on forever
The merchants want trade. The onl> waj
they cas get it is by providing custom
er*: Customers will come with factories
and other material tilings, but never aa
the result of professional agitation and
( Un?ess Ol there be a Median decree that j
the Oakland of to-day shall not do any
thing more ambitious than work for its
grandchildren, it is now time that she
quit her loafing and work hand in hand
with her builder.
It is to be hoped that before the next
Fourth of July the cuy Council will pass
some sort of "a reasonable ordinance re
stricting fools. A certain class of youth
ful Idiots apparently have yet to learn
that there is no patriotism In setting la
dles' dresses on fire, shooting blank cart
ridge at all hours of the .lay alongside
women with Infants In their arms or
throwing vicious bombs Into the entrances
of lodging-houses and stores.
Every one of these things was done.
and a great many more, last Monday and
Tuesday The Council considers it neces
sary and very properly, to put on duty
every extra fireman it can employ for the
annual festival. It would not be out of
place and would he highly commendable
lutj everj extra policeman that
nd then the tire depart
ment might not have so much to do while
gle could scream just as intelli
'"VlVuvar.lf and Livermore made bold
strides forward last Tuesday. Apart from
the really imposing demonstrations which
:• d, the promoters had a
far more valuable object in view. They ;
were anxious that the rest oi the world 1
should know very positively that they
v, . . on the map and just where to look
f,,,- them They succeeded admirably.!
For weeks I ef .-''hand all the great news
papers - 'rancisco and of this coun- |
itploiting these towns, and the j
advertisement they received cannot be
compared with the small outlay in actual
coin for the expenses of the day. The I
exhibition was made at Livermore by the
fast-growing and important town of Tes
la which is now known to hundreds of
thousands of people who previously were;
not aware that there were valuable coal
mines in active operation in Alameda'
County.
With coal mines at o-ne end of the
county and a deep-water harbor at the
other." only the perversity of Silurians can
hind* r
When Oaklanders "reason together ■
they can have a great, a prosperous city. ■
STUART M. BOOTH.
PACIFICS WIN.
Californias Lose a Pennant Match the
First Time This Season.
The hitherto unbeaten California Crick- !
et Club met with its first defeat yester
day on the Alameda ground. After send- ,
ing their opponents, the Pacifies, whose (
strength lies in batting, to the bat first |
and getting them all out for the moderate
total of 91 runs, the Californias failed to
reach that number and lost the match' by
eighteen runs.
J. Myers and C. Simmonds went to the
wickets first for the Pacifies and made
no good a defense that 49 runs were reg- ;
istered before Myers was caught off
Dickinson. In the next over Simmonds was
out leg before wicket to Dickinson, and j
no one else made any stand except G.
Theobald 10 and J. H. Harbour 13. Dick- |
inson bowled successfully throughout, j
taking six of the eight Pacific wickets for i
i an average of not quite six runs per wick- ;
et.
When the Californias went to the wick- '
ets E. G. Sloman was run out for 24 runs. I
ar.d A. Dickinson was ( aught off Harbour ,
for 11. A. D. Reynold made a good stand,
scoring 23. but he received no support, and
the innings closed for 73 runs, nineteen
short of the number necessary for a vic
tory. C Simmonds bowled very well,
taking six wicket? for 26 runs.
There being me little time left after
the conclusion of the Californias 1 inning, 1
the Pacifies went to the bat again, J.
Myers and C. Simmonds facing the bowl
ers. Myers was caught after scoring I
seven runs, but Simmonds. nn being joined j
by Coles scored freely, and at call of time
had 41 runs to his credit. The Pacifies
thus made 74 for two wickets in their sec- I
ond inning. The match, however, was de- ;
cided on thl first innings and ended in a !
victory for the scarlet and blacks— their
first this season. The full scores follow:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB-FIRST INNINGS. |
J. Myers c. Farrell b. Dickinson 2 , \
C Simmonds I. b. w., b. Dickinson 21 j
C P Cole? c. Reynolds b. Dickinson 3 i
G Theobald c. Thomas b. Reynolds 10 j
J. H Harbour c. Sloman b. Reynolds 13
H. P. G. Gordon not out •>
A W. Wilding c. Reynolds b. Dickinson.... 1:
J H. Sandllands absent I
j,\V McDonald b. Dickinson 1
WJ G. Selwood c. Thomas b. Dickinson 0
' Byes 7. leg b- ■ ~ 3. wide 1...... ••••••••'•• 11
Total for eight wickets 91
Runs at the fall Of each wicket— One for 49.
two for 50 thrre for 57, four for 81, five for S2.
six for 85, seven for S9. eight for 91.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Aye.
Dickinson ..::::::::::::| 6 3. 6 s f>-s
SL.inan <"• 3 26
f Reynolds" bowled' t 'wide. " W 2 »ft
Reynolds bowled r wide.
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman run out 24
A. Dickinson c. Simmonds b. Harbour 11
J*F Loughman b. Simmonds 0i
O. 3 Thomas run out 3
F M. Gunn b Simmonds 0 .
A D. Reynolds b. Coles 23
\V. Reeves b. Simmonds 0 |
I. Scnroeder b. Simmonds 0
G. C. Farrall b. Simmonds 0'
.1 D Robertson b. Simmonds 3 1
j Brown not out .........:. Oj
Total leg byes 1. wides 3 ~^3
Total 73
Runs at" fall of earh wicket— One for 23. two
for 2S three for 39, four for 4fi. five for 47. six
for 4;' seven for 55. eight for 53, nine for 71. ten
for 73.'
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B - M. H. W. Aye. 1
Harbour 60 2 IS 1 IS „
Simmonds ■■■■--;» 58 .. 2h 6 , 1-3
p o | ps 4J 1 1
Harbour bowled p Wide and Simmonds 2 :
wides.
PACIFIC CRICKET SECOND INNING.
.! Myers c. Brown b. Reynolds 7
C Simmonds not out — '.......... 41
C P Coles c. Reynolds b. Dickinson I<s
G Theobald not out .'. •••' *
II p. G. Gordon did not bat
l' h' Harbour did not bat
A w Wilding did noi bat
T h Sandilanda absent
\V McDonald 'lid not bat
\v G. Seiwood did not ' at ..
Byes 6 • _^
Total for 2 wickets 71
Runs at fall of each wicket-One for 15, two j
fOF 4 °' SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler- B. M. R. W. Aye.
Kloman 4 - •• *| " ,; •
Reynolds S ■ '1 " 1 2
I Hckinson ' s l l l *■
ts !2 ■ ;
• Junn « •■ •
Reeves ls • ''
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
i ready for framing.
A Bicyclist Injured.
OAKLAND, July !».— .l. A. Depoy, a
clerK In the employ of Palmer & Sons,
grocers, and residing at Forty-fourth and
-m-fts. performed this evening the
remarkable and painful feat of riding
seven miles on his bicycle to the Receiv
ing Hospital. Oakland, with his collar
bone broken. Steward n>>rchert and Dr.
Rowe reduced the fracture. Depoy and
c. G. Ay,-rs of Alameda biked to Niles to
day and <m their return trip could, not re
sist the temptation of a spin around th»»
track at Klmhurst, where th<\v collided.
Avers suff^rpil only a slight sprain.
MINER'S NOVEL SUICIDE.
Blows Himself to Atoms With Giant
Powder.
ANGELS CAMP. July 9.— Nicholas May,
a miner employed at the South Carolina
mine, the property of the Melones Mining
Company, at Robinsons Ferry, was killed j
by an explosion of powder this afternoon,
and it is believed he committed suicide, i
The unfortunate man had come out of the
mine with -several others, but h<- left his
companions and returned. He stood on
126 pounds of powder, exploding it and
blowing himself to atoms. The report was !
terrific and was heard distinctly at tins
place seven miles away. May was about i
•y. years of age and had a brother living \
here. ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1899.
McELROY, THE
DIAMOND THIEF,
IS AT LIBERTY
Mrs. Weld Refuses to
Prosecute.
WILL NOT COME FROM BOSTON
STOLEN JEWELRY NOW IN POS
SESSION OF CHIEF LEES.
Chief Kipley of Chicago Has Been No
tified of the Lady's Decision
and Has Released the
Thief.
Lewis McElroy. ex-porter in the Hotel
Richelieu, who was arrested in Chicago
for stealing $3000 worth of diamonds from
the trunk of Mrs. "William G. Weld, a
guest at the hotel In May last, will not
be brought back to stand his trial for the
crime.
Mrs.' Weld, who is a wealthy widow in
Boston, had gone to' the Yosemite, leav
ing her diamonds in a bag in one of her
trunks. She returned on May 30, and dis
covered that during her absence the
trunk containing her diamonds had been
rifled. -She notified the police. Detectives
Dinah and "Wren were detailed on the
case. McElroy had left the hotel prior
to Mrs. Weld's return, and the detectives
suspected him of the theft. They dis
covered that he had got a friend, J. Mc-
Henry, to ship the parcel, on June 26,
through Wells-Fargo's office in Oakland
to him at the St. Charles Hotel. 15 South
Clark street. Chicago, and Chief Lees got
General Manager Titus of Wells-Fargo
to wire hi? agent there to reship the pack
age to Wm. He got a reply on July 1
. that the package had been reshipped. and
I it arrived here a few days ago, and Is
now in the possession of the Chief. It
contains all the missing jewels. The value
put by McElroy's friend on the contents
was $50.
Chief Lees received a dispatch on July
3 from Chief Kipley of Chicago that Mc-
Elroy had been arrested there, and Lees
replied that as the complaining witness
was not here he would not be in a posi
tion to forward any instructions till he
located her. On July 7 Chief Kipley
wired that he would have to release Mc-
Elroy unless something was done, and the
same day the Chief got a dispatch from
Mrs. Weld, who had returned to Boston,
asking him to forward the jewels to her
i for identification. The Chief replied that
!it was absolutely necessary for her to
come here and testify against McElroy,
otherwise he would be discharged. She
replied that she could not come here, and
did not care to prosecute, and the Chief
on Saturday wired Chief Kipley to dis
charge McElroy. as the complaining wit
ness refused to prosecute.
Mrs. Weld wants her diamonds back,
but Chief Lees Is at present of the opin
ion that she cannot get them unless she
comes here to identify them. It is possi
ble, however, thai some procedure in
court may be taken so that she can have
them without being put to the expense
and delay of coming here.
M'COY TO FIGHT TWO
BATTLES IN SEPTEMBER
One of His Antagonists Will Be
Choynski. and the Other Corbett
or Fitzsimmons.
NEW FORK. July 9.— "Kid" McCoy has
I by the Westchester Athletic
Club to meet any two men during the
month of September. His first fight will
be with .J". Choynski, who has wired
Homer Selby bis aceptance of the $7500
offered by the Westchester Cltrt>.
Tiie date chosen for the light is Septem
ber 2.
Mr. Gray will choose either Fitzsim
mons or Corbett as the other opponent for
McCoy in September, and a most liberal
■ . offer will be made for either
of these men to meet the Indianlan on
Sept 1 mber 23.
In a letter to the club's matchmaker
McCoy says I;*- would be more than
pleased to tight Corbett or Fitzsimmons,
and would allow them to name their own
terms as to a division of the purse. Mc-
Coy has evidently recovered his good
form and is anxious to resume his suc
cessful career in the ring.
This offer will no doubt be acceptable to
; "Lanky Hob," provided the purse is large
enough.
MINOR BASEBALL.
Bakersfield Defeats Fresno in a Close
t Contest.
BAKERSFIELD, July P.— Bakersfield
defeated Fresno in the Valley League
game here to-day by a score of 4 to 3.
The game was the best ever seen on the
local diamond. Until the eighth inning
the score stood Fresno I, Bakersfield 1.
On Millard's wild throw to first and
Eberle's error Fresno got in two men and
the Bakersfleld rooters were attacked by
an epidemic of nervous prostration.
Bakersfield failed to connect in its half
of the eighth and Fresno looked like a
winner. BaKersfield took the stick, tilled
the baser, and Smith dropped a three
bagger near the fence. This ended the
agony. . A crowd raised Smith on its
shoulders and made a triumphant march
to town. Smith pitched an errorless game
for Bakersfleld and won the game in the
last half of the ninth by his tnree-bagger.
Munroe pitched a good game for Fresno,
but was batted harder than Smith.
Fresno's catcher. Swartz. was Injured by
a pitched ball in tne second inning, but
plucklly finished the game with but one
passed ball,
Bak^neld H "' E.
Bakersfleld 4 << 3
Fresno 8 6 4
Batteries— Fresno, Munroe and Swartz;
Bakersfield, Smith and Phelps. Struck out— liy
Munroe , by Smith 6. Umpires— Whltle and
Ferguson. Time of game— l hour and 26
minutes.
SELMA, July 9.— A small crowd to-day
witnessed one of the best games of ball
played in the Valley League, between
Selma and Visalla. The Selma battery
was Russell and Bustillos; that for
Visalia; Hall and Cecil and Willis. The
score was as follows: Selma— Runs. 10;
basehits. s ; errors, 4. Visalia— Runs. 8;
basoiiits. 7; errors, 8.
MARYSVILLE, July The game of
baseball played on the Marysville dia
mond to-day between the Yuba City and
Gridley teams resulted in a victory for
the latter by a score of 30 to 8.
BAN DIEGO. July 9.— The ball gam. to
day between the Fullers of this city and
the I-os Angeles club resulted in a victory
for the home team by a score of 7 to 2.
CROSS COUNTRY RUN.
Olympic Club Members Hoof It to
Lone Pine and Back.
An enjoyable cross country run was on
joyed yesterday by a crowd of Olympic
Club cross* country trampers and hill
climbers under the guidance of Captain
George James. They started from Mill
Valley In the morning and crossed the
divide, down Redwood Canyon and over
Willow Camp to Lone Pine and return**;!
to Mill Valley, where they enjoyed a feast
at the expense of the club.
The trail was a rough one and some of
the athlete* fared poorly before the end
was reached. Several of the boys lost
the trail and straggled in in time to see
the advance guard linishing their dinner,
while another brigade which came in
minus the marks of a hard trip was ac
cused of lying down in a shady spot until
di George T1 Crowell carried the weight of
ace and was last up the hill, but ;ivst
<lown the others standing aside and al
-1 liwirir him to slide. Those making the
Sowerei George Crowell. Joe Byrne,
Tom Stanton. R. Bowman, F. Pierson, H.
Ro«twick H. W. Gillette. A. Bruman. F.
R McCauley "Pain" Bush. 11. Manor. X.
Paddock J. Johnson, George Klarman,
De Witt Van Court. George James and
E. D. Moore. ''_ _\ _^
Mountain Boy a Winner.
PAN JOSE. July 9.— Mountain Boy beat
Crosspatch in t the coursing here to-day.
Wild Nora won the match race from
Clan-na-Gael in the straight courses.
NEGRO STRIKES AN
AGED WHITE WOMAN
Citizens of San Miguel Threaten to
Summarily Punish the
Culprit.
SAN MIGUEL. July B.— That the hand
of a man dare strike a woman feeble anil
bent with the weight of seventy odd
years and the wrong go unavenged for
more than a week was brought to light
to-day by the arrest at Paso Robles of
James Hunter, a colored man, who, up
to within a few days ago, was employed
as cook and runner for the Levinger Ho
tel at this place.
The Levinger Hotel is. conducted by
James I*. Meadows, a man in poor health,
and the main care of the place rests upon
his wife and Mrs. Smith, her mother,
both frail little women. If appears- that
Mrs. Smith and ' the cook 8 . week ago
were in the- kitchen, when a discussion en
sued over some trivial matter. Before the
old lady was aware of her peril Hunter
struck her f a severe blow with the back
of the hand over her right eye. terribly
bruising and discoloring, the right' aide of
her face. Mrs.' Smith grasped at a sink
near by, else she would have been felled
by the blow. , •' :
The Meadows were told of the cruel as
sauit," but for various reasons they
preferred to hush the matter up. One of
the reasons, no doubt, was the. justifiable
fear that if it became known outside of
the hotel the brute would have paid for
his dastardly act with .his life, coupled
with the fact, also, thai th" excitement
of such a summary method of meting out
lubtice might have proved fatal., to . one
in so delicate -health at-. Mr. Meadows. ■
Hunter was arraigned before Justice
Perry to-day upon a ' charge of 'assault,
and released upon .bonds. his trial being
set for 'Monday* -morning.' Even .now it
is hinted that the" law may nut be allowed
to take Its rather tardy course. • ■ -- ■-
WILL PRESERVE THE
FORESTS AND GAME
Association Formed to Take Charge
of a Vast Tract in Min
nesota.
CHICAGO. July 9.— The Tfmes-Herald
to-morrow will say: A national park or
forestry reserve association for the gov
ernmental preservation of over 7,000,000
acres of land in Northern Minnesota will
be formed In Chicago this month. Tho
organization starts with the cordial in
dorsement of Governor Theodore Roose
velt of New York. President Hill >f the
Great Northern, Colonel John S. Cooper
of this city and prominent Congressmen
and Governmeni officials Interested In th 2
Immediate creation of great rational re
serves for the preservation of native for
ests and streams and the perpetuation of
t he game of the land.
The project Is made doubly important
through thi facl that the friends and pro
moters of the reserve have also in view
the placing under governmental charge
all of the lands surrounding the bead
waters of the historic Mississippi River.
The tract includes the Leech Lake dis
trict and embraces the counties of Crow,
Wing, Aiken, Wadena, Hubbard, l?el
trama nnd Itasca. containing over a thou
sand lakes.
STANFORD'S NEW BUILDINGS.
Completion of the Work Will Require
a Year's Time.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 9.—
Contractor McGelvary, who has the con
tracts on the large new buildings at Stan
ford University, has returned from Den
ver, whither he was called by the death
Of his mother. He brings his wife and
family with him. and the-,- will live in
Escondite cottage, which formerly was
occupied by President Jordan. His son
will att'-nd Stanford.
McGelvary la one of the largest stone
contractors on the coast. He expects the
work already begun on the campus will
take a!, out a year more to complete. The
memorial arch is now \\eii along. The
two side tower? and the frame work for
the curve of the arch are in place, and the
stone work of the big circle is about one
third finished. The concrete work on the
foundation of the memorial chape] Is
nearly completed and the stone work will
be commenced Boon. The excavation; for
the new science hall is almost finished.
PUT OFF THE GROUNDS.
Clergyman Removed While Gather
ing Evidence at a Ball Game.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., July 9._Refore
to-day's baseball game was called the
crowd In the grand stand saw Rev. Dr.
Powell copying names of persons at the
Kanv for witnesses in the case against
the hall players. Powell was removed by
the police, as Ih" management feared his
presence won!'! cans.- trouble. The preach
ers still insist they will stop Sunday ball.
Congress of Whist Experts.
CHICAGO, July o.— More than -WO flr>\e
gates are expected to attend the ninth
annual congress of the American Whist
League, which opens to-morrow evening
at the Auditorium Hotel. Representa
tives from whist clubs of Huffalo. Syra
cuse, Baltimore, New York. Cleveland
and many other Western cities have a -
ready arrived, bui the majority of tne
players who will take part in the pro
gressive and trophy games will arrive to
morrow. The progressive games will bo
gin to-morow night, the trophy contests
opening Tuesday.
O? RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINd.
Ln DCULPS Manufacture* 705-107 Ml*. ',
T. DEULft, Lac , Leather. 105-107 Ml».
Flon St.. cor. Spenr. Telephone Main 563.
• ' bo LER Makers.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ;
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship !
« orlf .
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
TBE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.,
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals. Books ond Stationary.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
tOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOPKPH fox. sabt H. ULTTH. Mci-
C W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lie IlkVlev X- TO snipping Butcher*. 104
JAS- LUIL> a VU,, Clay Tel Main 12- 1
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors or the City anil County or San
Francisco, City Hall building, second floor. July
4, ISM.
Public notice is hereby given, In accordance
with section So. 3654 of the Political Code, that
Ihe Assessment Book of the City and County of
San Francisco, for the year 1833. has been com-
pleted and delivered to me. as Cler.v of th»
Hoard of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m.. and that said Board of Super-
vlsorb met to examine the Assessment Book
and equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3. IS-J9. at 2
o'clock, and will thereafter continue In session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them I? disposed of. but not
later than the 17th day of July. 1893.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given, that In accordance
with sections 189". 1899 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided bjf law.
JOHN A. KUSSELL, Clerk.
JOLLY CROWD
GATHERS AT
OYSTER BEDS
Moraghan's Excur
sion a Success.
A FINE MUSICAL PROGRAMME
MANY GUESTS DEVOUB THE
LUSCIOUS BIVALVE.
♦
Steamer Elizabeth, Plungers Dandy
and Boxer and Yacht Pride of
Corinthian Club Convey
the Merry Company.
If there Is a shortage in the oyster mar
ket to-day the cause may be traced to
the twenty-first annual excursion yester
day to Moraghan's oyster beds at San
Mateo.
A merry company of 100 had been in
vired by Charles A. Moraghan to enjoy
his hospitality, and from 11 o'clock In the
morning until late in the afternoon bas
kets of the luscious bivalve and other
good things provided by the host disap
peared down the spacious throats of his
guests.
The party was conveyed to Iho beds
by «he steamer Elizabeth, the plungers
dandy and Boxer and the yacht Pride
of the Corinthian Club.
As soon as the guests arrived at the
oyster station they set about the de
struction of an elaborate menu prepared
by Caterers Barrow White and James B.
Day, during which the following toasts
were responded to:
"How'd you like to be the oyster man?"
Charles Drury; "The oyster as an aid to
corpulence," Walter Murphy; "Proper
way to open an oyster," Daniel J. Shee
nan; "Legal status of an oyster," Al J.
Fritz: "Effects of oysters on the teeth."
Dr. T. Martin Smith: "How oysters taste
when you have to pay for them," Thomas
Harnoy; "Composition of an oyster,''
Harry Owens: "What I know about plun
gers." William R. Borlini.
A fine programme was also thoroughly
enjoyed as follows:
Temperance lecture. Harry Niemann;
vocal duet, John <"oig,m and C. A. How
land; German specialties. Dan Murphy,
instrumental selections. Thnmns fiillen
and George Slcott; songs, with banjo.
Pete Winant; comic selections, Walter
Bookstaver; vocal quartet, T. Harney. W.
Brrlini. F. Drady and D. Murphy.
The others present were: Lew Stanton.
George Goettinger I. Wise Eugene A.
Beauce, William Haas, William M. Sulli
van, J. F. Nolan. J. A. Layton Martin
ODea Jr., Dr. J. H. Seymour, F. F.
Knorp, M. D.. S. Wheeland. J. K. John
son. Charles S. Wheeler. F. J. Quinn, J.
Purcell, Captain W. M. Randall, Edgnr
Ftourke, Carl Henry, Ofnrfif Vandever.
Burl Davis. William Humphreys. George
Becker. W. Spencer, Captain Morehouse,
W H. Alford, Frank Tapping, William
Corbett. J. T. Van Cleve. w. E. Stan
ford. Charles Gross. W. H. Ramsey. C.
E. Huffner. Louis P. Eaton. S. H. Bat
ten. Fred Millar, R. Thomson. William
Flaherty, Henry Bacon. J. W. McDer
mritt, J. S. Knowlton. James Flynn. F.
L. Jones. Walter Brunt. Roscoe Salisbury.
I. S. Oppenheimer, A. L. Gerhard, Charles
Carlson. Charles Ohlson, Charles Benson
Peter Carlson. William Olson. Xiels Ol
son. Oscar Peterson. Frank Pitman,
and Nels Wfnstrom.
YELLOW FEVER IN CUBA.
Tennessee Soldier Complains of
Treatment Received.
NASHVILLE, July P. A letter received
to-day hy William T. Half of this city
from his son rharles. an officer in the
Fifth United States Infantry, now at .San
tiago. Cuba, gives some insight Intn the
yellow fever situation there. The let.er
"Tello"w fever has carried off four mem
bers of the regimental hand in throe d.'.v •,
and in two weeks we have lost iwenty
seven men out of our regiment.
"One night at ft o'clock the physician
made us outside the barracks with
nothing on but the Cuban atmosphere.
our eruns belt and JM rounds of ammu.ii
tion. The next morninp our company was
divided Into small sounds in charge o? a
non-commissioned officer and scattered all
about the country."
OPPOSE AN ALLIANCE.
CHICAGO. July 9.— The Polish resi
dents of Chicago, at a meeting here to
nißht. denounced an Ang-ln-Amprloan al
liance. The following resolution was
adopted:
Resolved. That we, Polish-American citizens,
can see no reapon for an alliance between this
Government, for which establishment Kos
ciUSkO fought and I'ulaskt died, and that 'of
England or any other monarchical power; that
npither the traditions, the Instincts, nor the
necessities of the American n tlon call for
such an alliance, m.l that we, as Polish-
American citizens, pr test ne-ainst It and pledge
ourselves to vote and work against any po
litical candidate or any party who : .ay advo
cate it.
HARDWARE.
D A T.ACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal-
__ '"'''' In hardwnro. 603 Market: »H. Ma-n 751
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry Morton SHeji^y. r- r -,-,,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery D).
scrlption .Made toOrdsr. Tal. Itlsek 1533,
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
ifILLHmCIIL 723M0nt g omery Sttni
PRINT I NX
E C HUGHES,:,, ?™™...>
THE HICKS- limn CO.. Printer.. Itook- f
STATIONF^ ANO PRINTER
Te g' c PARTRIDGE ffn.fi™:
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
ForwnrdlnK Agents and public Weighers Gen-
eral Storage. Fre« and Grain Warehouses Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1»U.
WHITe ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND i. JAL MIXING CO. at Us
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
is the Be;. coat In the Market.
Oftlr* and Yard*— tin Main -t?r*#C
(I %>ATENTsf 3
MARKET ST. S-F.^SS^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«25 KEARNY ST. KstaDllsnea
In 183 1 lor the treatment of Private
Dlseuses, Lost Manhood Deb:iltyot
disease weo ring on body and mind ana
skin Diseases. I'he doc tor cures when
others fall Try him Charges low
..,. ■...„_„ «'ijiTßßiir»rantcr<«. Callorwrita
»i. J. £•' ajiIJUIiON. Box 1337. 5 at; Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Frar.cisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
nnd 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st.
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF
ADMIRAL DEWEY
IN TEN COLORS
(Size 14x21 inches)
WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE CALL
To every one in^ertin^ and paying
for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in
NEXT SUNDAYS CALL
THIQ PORTRAIT Is in no s?nse a chic3 P chromi, but an example o*
1 nlo rUn I nrtl I the nunes: stv | e o f illuminated printing in the
tamous French srvl- of co'rr-plnte work. An cnamfn' to nnv ii rary or
drawing-room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Can-
not be had elsewner.- in San Francis. o than at the Business Offi eof
THE CALL, where sample copies may be seen.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOITIIKRN PAI'ITIC COJIPAST.
(pacifk; SVSTKM.)
Trains IfHic »■■•! arc ilih' to nrrlio »■
MAM I'lilMlMti.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leavk — From June 25. 1899. — aruivb
7:OOa Ilenicia, Suisuu and Sacrsrr.ento 3:43 p
":««a Marjevillo. Orotilloaud Redding via
Woodland »:l."»p
7:00.\ Elrcira, Vacarille and ISnmsey 8:l3p
7:o«»\ Marline::. San Ramon, Napa,
Oalistoga and Santa Itoaa «J:i:*p
MiIIOa Atlantic liipress. Ogden and Kant.. 9:134
MiIIOa Sail Joso, LiTennore, Htocktoii.
lone, Sacramento, ' Placcrvillß,
M»rysTill.\ Chico. lte.l liliiir «i|."»p
Ht;iO.A *Ml!tun, Oakdalc and soaora 4i1.1p
• i.'lOa Yos. mito Valley via Oakdalo and
Chines? *■ Mr
O:OOa Uaywanis, Niks and Way Stations. Il:t->A
9iooa Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced e U'l Fresno 12:»Sp
»:»«a Fresno. I!aker3li«ld. Santa lUilm.r.'i,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Priso,
New Orleans and East O«4.Tp
IO:OOa ValH'i, Martinez and Way Stations ~: l.lp
I I:OOa Hnywards, Nilcs and Way Stat-ons. 2: IS* ;
litiOOM Nilc3, Lirerrr.ore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford, Viaalia,
Pcrtcrrillo 4:1.1p
•l:OOp Sacramento IMyer Steiimrrs m Ht»»r
8:00p Harwardo, Nilca and Way Stations. A:4.lr
«:l»«»p Mfir:iiK-/. Sun Hnmon, Valloja,
Napa, Uslistoga, Kaiita Rosa I»ils*
4>OOp Bcnicla, Vacaville. Hacnunflnto,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MnrysTHle. Oro»lllo • O: IS*
4iBOpNiles, San. loseand Stockton 7:I.Tp
4:30p Yoaemite Sleeping Car for Rjyinond Itl:l.»p
S:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, frcsao, Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles tf:4s\
5:»0p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13f
0::t»i' Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Alojuro and Loll Aiikcli-s Bil:Ja
si3«f Hmita I'd itonte. Athuiliu Impress
for Moj.ivo mid Kast o:4rVp
•IOOr Chicago-San Special.* »sdt-u
and i:agt «:i:ip
•:OOp nay wards. Niles and Han Joso 7:4
•8:00 p Val lejo 12:1 Op
7i»»i- Oropoii > Hai*rnii>euto, Mnryn-
vilic. Itmltllllg, I'ortlaud. I'uget
■Sound mid llast 7«4!J*
JHiOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Hta-
tlons t!QiS»F
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (JauRO)J
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7i45a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations !KiO3»
Si 13a Nowark.CV'iitfrvilU'.Kan.loHO, Felton,
Boulder Creek.BantaOruzand Way
Stations .tx»O»
*2slor Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fulton, HouMer < 'reck,
Santa Cruz and I'rincipal Way
Stations '10:30*
4:13p San Joso, Glcnwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20*
64«13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions > /O:g»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN miICISCO— Fcot of U»rk«l Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00.\.m. 11:00 *2:03 13:C3
•4:03 tB:03 •6:COi-.m. ■
rrcmOiKUßD— Foolofßrcaa«Rj.— "f»:oo 8:00 10:00 a. H.
112:00 »I:Q3 t3:00 «3:03 t*:S3 -3:3Qi-.M.
COAST DIVISION (I'.roml (J.-iuge).
(Third .-md Townscinl St».)
•O:1Oa Ocean View, SoutU I^.lll KraiiCisco.. *O:3Op
•7i«oa San Joso a»nl Way Stuti. tin (New
Almadeii Wednesdays only) «S:OO*
17i30a Sunday Fxcursion for Santa Croz, •
P»ci6o (;rov.i acd l"rin<-ii-al Way
Stations 1»:33f
■iOOa San Juno. Tras Plum, K:mt:i Cm/.,
Pacilic (Jrovi;. I'm > Knliles, Han
Luis OM3iio. Surf, Looipoc mnl
Principal Way SUl.!..ns 4:lOi>
lOi4Oa Ban Jose uuil Way Ktiilltins «Ij33a
I1::IOa San Joso mid Wny .Statioim l;;top
■St49r San Msteo, Uedwood, Mei.lo Park,
PiiJo Alto. Santa Clara. Hun .li«».
llolllster, Hmtji Cr.l7. Salinaa.
Miuiitii'vniid I'neilia Ortrre ... *lO:SCa
•»ia«p San.lose Santa Cruz. IV itio Grore
aii.ll*rincl;-i»l WayfiUllons '7:30p
San Joso and Principal Way Stations !>: 13 »
■ •S:OOp San Josb and rrincijia I Way Stations "»::»riA
»::«Or Bau Jose and Principal Way Htatious *»:<»Oa
O::tOi> San JoaoiHid Way Martinis s : :N>p
t11:4.".i' San Josaiiiid Way SUttion« t"»=">P
A for Morning. 1' for Arternnou.
•Sunday excelled. { Snuaay only. I K»turday only.
MiaturdaV »nd Bucdai /huuday and Mondaj
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing Auril 23. 1533.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1-45 3:20. 4:00, »S:00. fi:3o V- m. •:";>.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vnlley and san
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sunday?, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-'S:00. '9:00. '10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, '1:45, *2:». •4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11-00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5-30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valv Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qufntin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -5:25. •8:40. 7:38. S:4O, -10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:13. »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 P. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. *S:00. «0:45. -10:45. »11:4.
a. m, ; 1:00. 2:20. -3:30. •6:15. 6:00, 7:00, 10:1 a
p. TTains market (•) run to San Quentin.
Trains market (•) run to Pun Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50. 7:05. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.: 12:35, 2-:4.'>, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneßda_vs
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
1:20 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a- m. week days— Cazadero and way eta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'nu.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTRWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F.-rry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 15:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:Io, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuet^.en Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave | 1 Arrive
Ban Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco. ,
. I—.1 — . 1 April 16. I -.—I
Week Sun- j 1»99. IS- n- , Week
Days. days. I Destination. ' jays. | Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to. '10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma. \ 6:05 pm, 10:25 am,
5:10 pm 5:00 pm ! Santa Iw;sa. j 7:35 pm 6.20 pm,
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am.
Healdiburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am GloverdaJe, 7:35 pm 6:20 prm
7:30 am H-iplond and | 10:25 am,
3:30 pm 8:00 ati Ukiah. j 7:35 pmi 6:2 pra
7:30 am 1 10: ana
;S:ooam Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I 6:20 pra
7:20 am 6:00 am Sonoma 10.40 ami 8:40 ara
: and {
6:10 pm S:CO pm| Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm; 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 amilO:2s am
3:30 pmi 5:00 pm I 7:35 , m 6:20 pnj
Stages connect at Snnta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Sprir.Rs; at Geyeervllle for Skosga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvlllp. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at i'klah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.
Bucknell's, ' Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle.
Boonevllle. Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavarro Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr'p Hot Springs, Mendorlno City. Fort Bragg,
West port. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcotla ond Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reducd rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points .
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. C3O Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
II C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa re Route
San Francisco to Chicago*
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINLNL
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
j KATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, ISM. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
i rassen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
• 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton j 3:43 pin 1 6:00 pm
9:10 am, 2:05 pm Merced j 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am; 5:35 pm Fresno s<:3o am 2:42 pm.
11:38 am 7:4."> pm! Hanford 7:48 am l:jbpn
' 2:25 pm. 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am,
! 11:59 ami 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 ;im; 1:22 pm
| 12:15 pm: 6:53 pml Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
""stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager* Office. -.I Market
street, San Francisco. - ■ '
Will Call, $1.00 Year
78
SA* FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICF. of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB— B27 Montgomery treet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock,
!Sj Hayes street: ■ pen until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until S:'' l o'clock.
BIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
: •■;"; Mission street; "pen until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
♦526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
N rthwest <-orr.fr of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open unti" j o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— and Loan So-
ciety 101 Montgomery st., corner of Sutter.
The' board of directors declared a dividend
for the half year ending June SO. 1599. at the
rate of three an.i eighty-four one hundredth?
i? 84) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and twenty hundredth* (3.20.) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes and payable on and after Saturday,
July 1 ICS9. Dividends not called for are
added 'to and bear the same rate of divi-
dend as the principal from and after July 1,
3? t,u. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and ■
-\ M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
at 7:3" o'clock. 3 D. Master Masons I&J\
cordially invited. By order of the I
W M
'WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A.- £
11 .called meeting THIS DAY (MON- . f\^
DAY). July 10. 1899, at 7:30 p. m. JX'-jK 1
gree 1. By order of the W. M. ' v v
1.. SCHUMACHER Secretary-
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A M., M
meets THIS (MONDAY) EVENING,
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. 7^_^
H. C. BUNKER. Secretary pro tern. ' J^_
KING Solomon's Lodge No 260. F. and __
A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1839 Flllmore^*
St.— First degree THIS (MONDAY) «L3\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order' ~*
of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Ixidge No. 1, I. O. <£*^W<g>
O F.— Members will meet in hall ■ = §25_3»<v*5£:
MONDAY. July 10, 1899. at 1:30 p.
m.. to attend funeral of our late '•''"■
brother RICHARD ROACH.
A. G. CLARK. N. G.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. c*2{£is&fc.
(i F.- Installation of officers ■■]! •»_^__£^__
MONDAY EVENING. July H l . 3§*HraSF
1899. A. G. CLARK, N. G. •* ww
GRAND CHANCELLOR H. R. -3c-
ARNDT will officially visit the V_W_>
ludces of San Francisco on MON- < £_Nsfc'*
DAY EVENING NEXT, at 909 Mar- *S_Ti
ket street (Crystal Hall), and on TUESDAY
EVENING will visit Roma Lodge No. 147.
and Jefferson Lodge No. 179. at Sl4 Pacific
rtreet. All members of the order are cordi-
ally Invited to attend.
H. SCHAFFNER, G. K. of R. & S^
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the ISth day of July. 1599, at the
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ea^ulng
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may rome before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January l. 1899. to July 1, IS'<3:
t Anita Lindner, 3 yrs.; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs.
7 mos.; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs.: Annie A. Klang,
■■ yrs. 11 mos.; Macarthe G. Klang. S yrs.;
Hazel Maguire, 7 yrs.; Emma L. Oeding, 5
yrs. 4 mos.; Myrtle Oeding, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Emily Seymour. 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Maggie Green,
14 yrs : Stanley E. Williamson, 9 yrs.; Wil-
liam Lindner. 4 yrs.; Victor Beck. 3 yrs.;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos.; Harold M.
Ross 3 yr- , James C. Cook. 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale. 12 yrs.; Bert S. Hale. 9 yrs. 7 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and H Tie
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted into the orphanage from January 1. 1599, j
to June 30, 1599. the following named orphans
and naif-orphans, boys and giria: Morris
Harris. 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Cecile Daniels. 12 yrs. 2
mos.: Sarah Lowensteln. 9 yrs. 9 mos.; Bessie
Silverman, 8 yrs. 7 mos. ; Elkan Gross, 5 yrs>.
6 mos. : Berthold Rankln. 11 yrs>. 11 n.o«. ;
Nellie Baekel. 11 yrs. 9 mos.; Sarah i!i_;ne,
10 yrs. 6 mos. . Bertha Wolff, 11 yrs. 8 m )s. ; \
Alexander Meyer, 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Benjamin j
Harris. 11 yrs. 10 mos. ; Joseph Lowenstein, 5;
yrs. 7 mos."; Fannie Silverman. 5 yrs. 8 mos. ;
Sieg. Gross, 4 yrs. 2 mos. ; Richard Slttig, 6
yrs. 4 mos.; Philip Baekel, 6 yrs. 2 mos.; An-
nie Blame. 8 yrs. 9 mos. ; Milton Wolff, 10
yrs. 4 mos. •
MARIA KIP Orphanage. 620 Lake St.. S. F.,
hereby gives notice that the following or-
phans and half orphan girls have been re-
ceived in the orphanage from April 1 to June
30. i*99: Lavina Chapman, C years; Alice
Sweet. 6 years; Ellen Kempner, 1 year 8
months: Ethel Hooper. 6 years; Nell Rose
Hindeman, 11 years 4 months: Eliza Buckow.
11 years 3 months: Florence Irvine, 4 years;
Irene Irvine, * years.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum, from January 1. I^9-S. to July
1. 1899: Antone .>icho'.r.s, age 3 yrs.; Joseph
Baraco. age 4 yr?. : .Tosle Truman, age 4 yrs.;
Annie Truman, age 3 yrs. ; Nellie Shakespeare,
age 5 yrs. ; Maggie Shakespeare, age 4 yrs.
PILES PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
it -!-.ing, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1028 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room* 9-10: tel. 5520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 420 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
EMPLOYMENT — Female.
THREE Scandinavian servants as cooks &nd
for general housework, having references,
wish situations. can be seen at J. F.
CROSETT & CO.'S. 316 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS French girl desires situation as
lady's maid or second girl; best references.
MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires situation; best
references; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Suiter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
or assist housework; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sinter st.
A NEAT colored girl desires situation; house-
work; best ref. Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
DANISH girl, good cook and houseworker, ■ $15
to $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
AN English woman wishes work; is a good
cook; $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place in Alameda;
second work or light housework; $10 to $12.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED person, capable and experi-
enced, desires DOSition in a good family for
light housework and sewing or care of. large
children; speaks German; years of best ref-
erences: wages moderate; country preferred.
Box 4572. Call.
RESPECTABLE young girl lately from the
East, with beat references, wishes a position
as ladles' maid or second girl ; wages $25 or
$20. Call or address 864 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as chamber-
maid; has been working it chamberwork for
10 years in this city. Please call or address
737 Howard M.. room CS.
YOUNG lady with ability wishes position in
office; experienced cashier; good references.
Address box i* v ". Call office.
WANTED— Situation by Protestant woman, to
do genera! housework; good plain cook and
wasKr. Call at 200 Fifth st.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook and housekeeper. 136
Fifth st.. nc-ar Howard.
WANTED— By a reliable elderly Protestant
woman, a position to do light housework in
a .-ma.ll family; good plain cook. 254 Fell st.
YOUNG girl would like situation to do light
housework; $10 to $12 p*t month. Address box
4-39. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
housecleaning by the day. Please call at 65
Tehama st.. bet. First and Second.
REFINED woman desires situation in nice
family; neat housekeeper, cook or eeamstress;
country preferred. Address M. C, 10% Eighth.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironing or housecleaning. Call at
711 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do upstairs work; $10
to $12. Call at 1316 Vallejo st.
YOUNG Kir; would like to assist In light house-
work and care of children. Apply 162 Tehama.
COMPETENT dressmaker will work very rea-
sonable. ICO4 Market st , second floor.
HOUSEWORK for a good respectable woman;
good cook; do plain washing. 31 Fulton st.
REFINED lady, good cook, wishes position as
housekeeper, traveling companion or camp
cook. c i! Golden West. Hotel, Ellis St.,
room 66. bet. 10 a. m. and 3 p.. m.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework: country
only. 34S Third Ft.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
Cel< 179 Fourth St., room 6. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
SWEDISH girl; quiet; experienced; good cook
and liouseworker; city reference. 761% How-
ard st.
WOMAN wants situation; housekeeper; city or
country; or take charge hotel. Box 4566, Call.
AUTHORS MSS. and legal work carefully and
accurately typewriter! by experienced busi-
ness woman. Address CS7 Jersey st., near
Castro.
WIDOW with a boy S years old desires a
housekeeper's position in a widower's fam-
ily; will take entire charge; best references.
Address MRS. A. D., 812 I^aguna st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Ironing
or housework. 1012 De Haro st.
EXPERIENCED North German nurse seeks
position In an American family to take care of
grown children; age 30; best city reference.
Address E. <".. 829 Pine st.
GERMAN-Amerlcan girl would like a situation
to do upstairs work or take care of children.
Box 4546. Call. _____
AN English lady would like to take care of
rooming house; can give good reference. Ap-
ply 207 Jones st.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist In housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard st., near Fllimore; call 2 days.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored woman) wants
cooking by the day. especially for parties.
Call or address Cook. 2816 Baker st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
| 2245 Mission st. ;
WANTED By an old woman, housework in a
small family; is used to cooking; city or
country. 760 Folsom st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MaIe.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
WANTED or house cleaning or other
work; have 8 hours every day to spare; city
reference. ANDERSEN. 952 Bush St., tele-
phone East 063. ___
PAINTER and paper hanger, first-class work-
man, with complete outfit, wants employ-
ment: day or job: country preferred. C. A.,
33." Eighteenth St.
FRANCO-SWISS cook wants employment]
moderate wages. Address Franco-Swiss, 725
Sansome st.
AS bartender, single and middle-aged, with
good personal references from last employer.
Bartender, 87 Third st.
AN all-around slaughter house butcher wants
position in the country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— position as working foreman in cir-
cular sawmill; Al reference. Box 4573, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position on pri-
vate place, or in private family; can make
himself generally useful: understands engi-
neering and firing; horses; can sail or steam
yacht: wages no object. Address Box 4871,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as night watchman by
married man. aged 4S; references. A. WEIN-
GENT, '.'hi Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, host-
ler or to do general work around place: city
or country; references Box 4851. call office.
GERMAN man and wife would like to take
charge of small place in the country; man a
good firmer and v.inemaker; wife a good
cook; can give good references. H. S.. St.
George Hotel. 812 Kearny st.
POSITION wanted in Turkish bath sanitarium
or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing to stand
examination. Address box 4879. Call.
HELP WANTED — Female.
WANTED— First-class Protestant cook; no
wash, private family; short distance In
country; $3": see lady at our office to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED Waitresses to-day* 10 waitresses
for city restaurants. $. . and $6 a week in nice
places; 4 waitresses for city boarding houses,
$2"; 2 hotel waitresses. $22 50: 2 waitresses for
same summer resort, $20; 6 waitresses for
country hotels. $20: i second girls, $20; nurse.
520; second girl and sewing, $25. J. F. CR< '■
SETT A- CO., 316 Sinter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT ISS
4 waitresses, Yellowstone Park, free fare from
Portland both ways 30 waitresses for
mountain and water resorts, springs and the
best commercial hotels in country, also for
Southern California, $20 to $25: 4 chamber-
maids to wait, country, $20; 3 waitresses, city,
$20; fancy Iror.er, $25, and marker and dis-
tributor, $25 and found, to go north, fare ad-
vanced if necessary; cook and dishwasher,
delloacy store $."0.
FAMILY ORDERS
Governess who can teach German and music,
$25; cook and second for 2 in family, $25 and
$20. Fee lady here 10 a. m. great many girls
for cooking and housework, $15 to $25: second
girl and seamstress for small American fam-
ily acre the bay, $20, see lady here. C. R.
HANSEN iv CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— HOUSEWORK, San Rafael. $25; Oakland,
$20; Mill Valley, $23; San Mateo, $20; Ala-
meda. $20: Sausallto, $25; and several other
towns. $20; housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; a number of young girls to
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A SECOND cook and waitress: $20 each: hotel,
Alameda; see iiarty here Monday morning.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— 4 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country Hotels, $20 and $25 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK. Belvedere, $25. MISS CUL-
I.EN. 325 Sutter St. .
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
WE Want for Monday morning—
10 girls for general housework.
6 experienced waitresses, $20.
Chamberwork and waiting, $20.
Nurse girl. $15.
Girl to care for children and housework;
good home. $12; and other choice situations.
New Employment office. 751 Market street;
phone, black 3911.
__
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— girl or woman for general
housework in small family; no wash; easy
place and ffood home. Call, after 9 a. in.,
105 Grove St.
WANTED— First-class talloress on custom
pants; steady work; good pay. . 4 1 1 l _ Kearny
Ft., top floor.
GERMAN girl for light housework: steady
place. Call early, 20 Camp st., off Guerrero,
near Sixteenth.
WANTED Girl, 16 or 17. to assist In house-
work; must come with parents. 714 McAl-
lister st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests: steady work;
• good wages; power. 956 Mission st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; mall family.
2504 Clay st.
GOOD reliable woman for general housework
and cooking. Call. bet. 1 and 3, 825 O'Farrell.
GIRL to assist, 3 in family, $10. Apply after 9,
2050 Ellis st.
TAILORESS on custom coats and make button-
holes: good wages. 140 Russ st.
NEAT girl for general housework. Call at 2935
Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1027 McAllister st.
$25 GIRL for cooking and genera! housework;
Jewish family. Apply forenoon only. 1613 Bush.
YOUNG German girl to assist in general house-
work and bakery. 3116 16th st., near Valencia.
YOUNG girl to attend to baby. 1010 McAllister
St., bakery.
GOOD waitress. 106 Second st.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
THREE girl waitresses at International Hotel,
826-828 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of child.
Boston Shoe Store, 392 Sixth st.
WOMAN for cooking and housework In coun-
try; wages $20. 326 Bush st. - K:^;
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking; wages
$20. Apply 740 Castro st.
j WANTED— Experienced girls to work In cigar-
ette factory. Apply 850 Laguna st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on skirts.
412 Market st.
GIRL. 14 years old. to take care of children;
[ wages, $9. 11044 Potrero aye.
LADY, who plays piano can have room rent free
with music-loving people. Box' 4856. Call.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good
pay: steady work. NEWBAUER BROS., 18
First st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS St
CO.. 22', a Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT_l_, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1899.
HELP WANTED —
RELIABLE girl to help with housework; care
of children; good home; moderate wages. <39
Shrader st.
HELP WANTED Male.
WANTED- 12 laborers, $2 day, board 60c, fare
$3 60 refunded, go to-morrow; 2 carpenters for
mine $3 day, fare refunded; 5 quartz miners.
$2 60 ' day; 6* gravel miners. $40 and board; 20
drillers and laborers tor tunnel work, $2 75,
$2 2« and $2 day; 3 blacksmiths, $2 and board
and $2 50 day; 5 teamsters. $2 day; laborers
for city, ?2 day; milkers, $26; farmers, $1 25
day; and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— HoteI butcher, $35 and found; bar-
keeper, country hotel. $30 and found; waiter,
country hotel $25; cook, country boarding
bouse, $10; cook, city, $20; second cook, $3 to
$10 week; fry cook. $50; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COME UNTO MURRAY & READY
PHONE MAIN 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
ALL YE THAT LABOR. AND THEY
WILL GIVE YOU
WORK AT BIG WAGES
24 laborers, fare 50c, no experience, $60
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
4 hay balers, you can make big money. ISc
ton; 49 men for hay and harvest fields, $2 50,
$2. $1 50 and $1 25 day for all parts of Cali-
fornia
.... FARMS, ORCHARDS, VINEYARDS ....
12'J men for different farms, orchards and
vineyards in California, $30. $26. $25 and $20
and found: also fruit pickers
..FACTORY AND MANUFACTURING CO..
Wants lv laborers, no experience, $1 75 day
and $26 and found xv;.:
5 CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK
$3 day, 8 hours, steady job FREE FARE
12 laborers. Government work, 8 hours
TO 12 DIFFERENT MINES
73 laborers (no experience required), $2 40, $2,
$1 85 day and $60. $50, $40, $30 and found....
Also 4 gold miners, $75 10 coal miners
Oregon .'
BLACKSMITHS .... MACHINISTS
9 blacksmiths, aleo helpers, horseshoers, $2 50,
*2 day, $50. $40. $35, $30 and found
STEEL BRIDGE HELP
6 shop men experienced on steel bridge and
structural work, steady job, going wages....
FOREMEN AND STABLEMEN
2 foremen for gangs of laborers, see boss here
3 stablemen and buggy washers.. s3s and found
....MILKERS... CHOREMEN AND 80Y5....
27 milkers, different Jobs. $30, $25 and found
19 choremen and boys for ranches, $30, $25,
$20, $15, $10 and found, steady Jobs year
round
6 boys for trades, shops, etc $4 50 to $3 week
3 butter-makers steady Job $30 and found
WORK IN SAN FRANCISCO
Driver milk wagon; driver butcher's wagon;
12 two horse teamsters
$1 75 a day and $26 and found
19 laborers, steady Job :
$2 day, $1 75 day and $26 and found
6 laborers, board home, where you like, $1 75
day
MURRAY &■ READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
TO 14 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
86 men engaged They're going Are you? i
93 more wanted, no experience required, any- .
body will suit That means you ,
65 different classes of work— Common labor- I
ers, men to handle lumber, head donkeymen. I
spool tenders, crosscut sawyers, bark peel-
ers, men to wheel sawdust, tree fellers, etc.;
wages $90, $SO. $65, $60, $50, $45,' $40, $35 and
$30 per month and found: come and see us — i
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE j
Daily we ship to every railroad in California i
Drillers, teamsters, laborers, section hands,
headermen, hammersmen, etc.; wages i
FROM $3 DAY COME AND SEE
MURRAY .< READY. 634-636 Clay st
FOR A CALIFORNIA BANK
6 teamsters. 4 horses, fare $1 40.. 534 and found
10 laborers, no experience, fare $140 j
$27 50 and found j
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU MARRIED? LOOK H ERE
Man as porter, wife as waitress, country ho-
tel $40 and found
Cook and wife for a crowd of laborers, free
fare $50 an.! found
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid, country.. ;
$40 and found
Gardener and wife, easy, steady, good j0b.... '
$35 and found I
Milker and wife Also Farmer and wife I
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. |
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS |
27 cooks, first, second and third hands, for i
hotels, restaurants, mines, camps, boarding- !
houses, ranches, etc !
$50, $55, $40, $35, $30 and found j
lv waiters, also head waiter i
$30. $25, $20 and found i
29 dishwashers. $.>n. $25, $20, $15 and found i
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 clay st. i
BAKERS PORTERS BUTCHERS
12 bakers and helpers !
$40, $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
5 butchers, good jobs $50. $35, $26 and found :
PORTERS. LAUNDRYMEN, HALLBOYS,
ETC. MURRAY <v READY. 634-636 Clay st. !
zm
NO OFFICE FEE.
&0 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. road.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 to $2 50 Der day.
C. R. HANS EN * CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cooks and dishwasher for
small summer resort, $100; broiler. $50; second :
cook, $50; fry cook, $40: restaurant butcher,
$50; hotel butcher, $35; dishwasher, summer
resort, $25; night scrubber. $20; potwasher, ;
$20; for same springs; dishwashers, vegetable '
men, potwashers and kitchen hands, $20 to
$25; head waiter, i?.«: waiter-. $25; same coun-
try hotel; waiter, boarding house, country,
$30.
LAUNDRY HELP
Washer, $35. and 2 Ironers, $35, for Lake Ta-
hoe, free fare; marker and distributor, $30;
polisher, $30; polisher and starcher,. $30; !
Iryner. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 deary.
>'. COLORED waiters; different country tfotels,
$25 and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
6 CARPENTERS, country. $2 50 to $3 a day;
20 la)»orers. near city, $1 75 a day. board $4 50
a week; blacksmith, country, $2 a day and j
found; 10 farmers, different ranches, $20. $26,
$125 a day and $35 per month; gardener,
country, $■".'': milkers, choremrn and others.
C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
.. NO OFFICE FEE
.. .. FARE ADVANCED
WANTED
CO laboring men. no experience, for a con-
Ftruction company, $2 a day; board $4 a week;
3 months' Job; ship Tuesday, July 11; call and
engage daily before then ,
..;.... C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
FRED ZETTERHOLM, the nurse, please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WE WANT EARLY MONDAY MORNING—
20 teamsters. $1 85 per day
75 pick and shovel men, $1 75
100 laborers. $1 75
30 power drill men. $3 50 per day
2 good shingle sawyers
5 good solicitors, $3 to $6 per day
Man for employment office
Man and wife for Institution
And other good situations
New Employment Office
7:,1 Market st. Telephone Black 3911.
WANTED— Good boy to learn trade. Call at I
BENNETT & SCHUTTE. 13th and Valencia. j
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Young man. good address, well edu-
cated for liquor store. $50 mo. Give refer-
ences' and experience. D. E., box 4844. Call.
WANTED— Steady active man for a genuine
business; can make fine wages; small capital
required. Room 2, 917 Market st. .
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 520 Kearny st.,
first floor, room l.
BARBER— Good man wanted; steady Job. 120
Geary st.
BARBER wanted; thorough, first-class man
only need apply. 100 Market St.
MAN for lunch waiter. 136 Second st.
GOOD dishwasher and cook. 106 Second st.
WAITER wanted at the Excelsior, 217 Sixth st.
Conic for small restaurant. 33r Bay St., near
Mason.
GOOD tailor on uniforms to work Inside. Call
early, 1282 Folsom st.
GOOD general tailor wanted; steady work. 129
Eddy st.
WANTED— A good pr'-sser on custom pants.
411V4 Kearny St., top floor.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
DISHWASHER wanted at 19R1 Market St.,
new number, or old number 1727.
WAITER wanted at 135 Fifth St.; call early.
BOOTBLACK wanted at barber shop Hotel
Pleasanton. Putter and Jones sts.
WANTED— A helper on bread. Apply 2133 Fill-
more st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.
YOUNG man, second cook short orders. 1330
Turk st. . . '•■>.
WANTED— good dishwasher. Call early, 126
Ninth st.
WANTED— A good waiter. 246 East st.
EXPERIENCED cappers pnd leak menders
wanted for country cannery. Apply immedi-
ately, 123 California St., room 14. v- ; J
HELP WANTED Male.
SHOEMAKER wanted; steady work; good pay.
B. J. GRAY, 116 So. Second St., San Jose.
STEADT barber wanted. Call 9 o'clock. 424
Dupont st.
$600— BARBER shop and building; country;
first-class; rare chance; only shop. G. W. S.,
Eastland. Cal.
i BARBER shop for rent. 2926 Washington St.,
I cor. Broderick.
FOR sale— A first-class barber shop doing a
line business in a city of 4000 population in
California; price less than cost of fixtures:
part cash or will sell on terms to suit buyer.
Address box 4865, Call office.
A SOLICITOR that has some knowledge of
mines. Apply room 2S. Columbian building,
I ?16 Market st.
[EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on ready-mado
j goods; steady work. 20 Sansome «t.
■ BARBER wanted to reopen an old-established
I shop; line opportunity. Box 4561. Call office.
I MAN who plays piano can have room free In
exchange for entertainment. Box 4558, Call.
TEN ladles, 10 gentlemen canvassers for New
Life Stomach Tonic; grand inducement for
well-dressed conversationalists. 2 to 3 p. m.,
I 41 Hardy st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska and New
York. W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 004 and il>6
1 >ai is st.
i EXPERIENCED dishwasher at once. 315
I Grant aye.
MAN with some experience to drive laundry
I wagon. Box 3024, Call office, Oakland.
i MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
AN American boy to work in office and store;
one with some knowledge of office work pre-
ferred. Address in own handwriting, stating
age. etc. Box 4876. Call.
! MAN and wife for farmwork. 1021»£ Market st.
WANTED— Two tlrat-class blacksmith helpers
| or finishers. Apply tv A. MEISTER & SONS,
i Sacramento, CaL
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
! TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
I built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water ■
Works. Apply at the stabl»s. Fourteenth and j
Guerrero sts., Pan Francisco, or on work t
Sunol.
WANTED One hundred and fifty men on Krrd-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee ,-md Lake Ta- '
hoe: wages $2 TRUCKEE A LAKE TAHOE '
, TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
' MEN wanted Laborers. ilrilLn'.en and team-
sters on railroad work; far" Oakdale to
S .Mora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, SO2 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED -Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
j $1 75 and «2; board, $1 50 per week Apply
E. H. STONES camp, near Grant station, on i
Valley Road.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
I WANTED- Laborers and mechanlci to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno Hmup proprietor, still r
runs Denver House, 217 Third =.t.: 150 large
rooms; 25c i^r night: $1 to J2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED 16 men to find dean, central, cheap
rms.. 25c, 50c night; hkpg.. Si 2:. up. ■ 3d -
WANTED Men can learn the barber trade for
I $."» at 1542 Mark, t M.
ZOO SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 2nc
pel n::rht. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MSN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138V4 Eighth st. !
PENSIoNS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
n eys. Hearst bldg.. Thin! and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 13c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, »1
to .<:> f.n week E!cho H...i«e. SC3>a Market Bt.
TRY Acnv llnnw, !•" '. Market st belOW Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED-! wages due laborers and
clerk?. Kr.ox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter Ft.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Th rd st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 2:.c night; reading room; free
'bus and hafrCTK? to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
MT'RAT HALSTEAD'S life of Admiral Power-
has arrived: agents wanted. THE J. DEW-
ING c. )., Fl ■ i building.
4 i ;<mi[i rnai.- or female solicitors. Room 63.
building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:3); Mon-
day. 12 to 1.
WANTED Live apenta to sell the map of Ire-
land. Call 9.-.2 1 ... Harrison St.. San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PAINTERS' falls, ladders, etc., wanted. Ad-
dress 3088 Natoma st.
WANTED To hire 100 first-class peraperteam*
with h.irn»ss and pead bars; long job. E. B
STONE, Etmhurst.
WANTED A horse, buggy and harness at ?23 :
Natoma St.. near Eleventh.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand; must b^ fin*.
Box 16.56. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we nre selling good upright pianos for $6 j
cash and $<"• per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices ar» th J
Fame as if purchased for al! cash; bargains
in pood secoml-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $" $4 and
to per month. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ;
Bts., San Frnm-isco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest nnd largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
2fl. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A MAC.NIKICENT $.".".0 piano, used short time,
if offered this week at a nominal fl_ure; high
Krade. Room 12. Flood building.
OI'R specialty is renting piano*, organs, $1.
SCOTT. cl/RTAZ. ,'.« l Hayes st.
AT $127; Stein way upright left by party going
East IS Ell'.s st.
| A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in line condition: nisi
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
{■HEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS \nother bi»j lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
r! A. DANIELS is now With BYRON
MAUZTY, MS to 312 Post st.
A— T'PRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments, $5 73 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st.
> W G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento Kt.. ngent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planes.
BARGAIN Good upright cheap SCHMIT3. 16
McAllister st . next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st^
j STPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT/LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FIRXITIRw FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Enstern OuttlttinK Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 Rooms furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No. !
7 mure. King Furniture fn.. 1127-11H1 Market. I
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Jd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 185-197 Fremont st.
BARS. 1 ... k liiirs. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second- i
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1038 Mls-
»:..:i st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. loG:< Mission st.
A BEAUTIFUL mahogany, pearl inlaid. Ivory
edged concert site guitar for t-2: co.«t origi-
nally v:-. L'NCLE HARRIS, X Grant aye.
DAYTON computing scale revolving platform;
80-gallon Oil tank. Turk et.
MAN Victor bicycle in pnod condition for sale
for $i*>. 131 Buchanan st.
NEWFOUNDLAND, St. Bernard and Gordon
setters, also Scotch, fox. skye bull and bull
terrier pups, ar 236 Montgomery aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; almost new; oak
finish; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. SIS Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand: complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE. 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $L!r>, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: finesuits. $0 95. MisfltCloth-
lng Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THK
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES -Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original .oat. H-S-11l Market, S. F. |
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ssoo; SALOON, about 50 feet from Call build-
ing; rent $60; doing a good paying business;
owner to le:ive the city. Call R. O. WILKE,
90« Market st.
A— s4oo; SALOON, with 3 living rooms: estab-
lished many years and doing a rushing busi-
ness: located between packing and wholesale
houses. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s63o; MILLINERY store on Valencia St., do-
Ing a splendid business: first-class cash cus-
tom; fine living rooms; rent $30; proprietress
to leave the city. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
A $300— FLORIST'S store and green house In i
Oakland; established 12 years; on main street; 1
•well stocked; splendid paying "business. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. &oti Markot st. j
A $600— CHOPHorSE i" d coffee saloon; open
day and night; opposite Oakland ferries; es-
tablished years and doing a rushing business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st
A-$S00; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
In largest market in Oakland: rent $55; estab-
lished many years and splendid paying; ;
sickness of owner only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— ALL kind of patents for sale; bring In your
inventions. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones I
Ets.. first-class cash custom; horse and I
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause j
cf sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 306 Market. !
A— JB£o; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis- !
slon; livinc rooms: rent low; lease; a
first -clnea paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket st.
AN excellent opportunity in country for fine
saloon; lease procured; small capital; no
money to advance. LESS & CO.. 755 Market.
>.':■' iViiiXER saloon; 3 living rooms; low rent;
fine location; full value In sight; good bar-
gain. M. LKSS & <■«>.. 765 Market st.
$2200— MILK ranch, consisting of 26 cows. 31 al-
together, 3 horses, 1 wag'>n. I-" chickens and i
all requisites for the business; route estab- I
lli-hed 1 years; 20 cans milk dally: all good
private trade; lull Investigation invited; to i
the right man a bargain and a fortune in a i
few years; don't delay; owner forced to sell
account sickness. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$3000— SALOON; centrally located: vicinity of
Call ami Examiner; handsome place, neat and
inviting; large stock; patronage of best class;
established 21 years; best bargain in this line
t-> be had to-day; this Al chance worth in-
vestigating. M. LESS ,v CO.. 76.", Market st.
$1200 OYSTER and choj house; north of Mar-
ket st.. vicinity Baldwin; tine fixtures; best
class of custom; good prices for everything;
profits of concern would justify an Invest- i
mrnt of $1800; full investigation: chance in a j
lifetime. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market rt.
$800 CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
city; nourishing business; value In sight:, full
Investigation. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Marked st^ I
;22'.f' SALOON on Market St.; first class In !
every respect; one of the best-known, most
popular places; well established; doing excel-
lent business. M. LESS £ CO., 765 Market I
ATTENTION To sell your business promptly
for iu.-h apply to HEALY <x_ CO., 917 Market.
Partner wanted for liquor store. Corner hotel,
Western Addition; bar trade alone $20 daily.
HEALY & <■(>.. '.'l7 Market st.
OATMEAL MILT, FOR SALE—
Well located In New York, with well-known
trade mark and most approved machinery,
Apply to the Cereals Manufacturing Com-
pany, 5 and 8 Atlantic Dock, Brooklyn, N. Y.
$250' PARTNER wanted In saloon requiring the
attention of 2 men; part cash If dpslred. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO, 777'^ Market st. j
liEl.K'Ai '\ .-tore; creat bargain; cause of
sale, sickness; central. COWING, 995 Market.
$501 CANDY store; fine location; doing good
business; parties going to Europe and will j
make sacrifice. JONES &■ CO., 565 Market St.
$150— PARTNER wanted In light business; Jl5
to $25 a 'veek ; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A LIST of fine paying grocery stores, branch
bakeries, restaurants, coffee parlors, merchan-
dise stores, city and country hotpls. lodging
houses, soM and e X . EITEL, 1008% Market st.
T< i sell fir exchange Business, any kind. Ap-
pl3 \\ . B. DENNISON, 7v'. : -.- Market st
AN offer wanted to daj for a first-class sa-
loi n and clear stand on Market st.. opposite
Seventh. Apply on premises, 1342 Market st .
or at room 10, 1 Fifth I
BARGAIN- Saloon, if sold to-day; fixtures
worth twic< the money asked: part cash, bal-
ance $1" per month; make offer. 124 Fourth
2-CHAIR barber shop: living rooms: owner go-
;n^ to Vancouver; price $75, 908% Howard st.
FOR -.. • Cigar store; cheap. Call at r,'2 Third
street.
FOR sale snloly on account of domestic dlffl- :
cultles. an incorporated and manufacturing
business: stock and tools will inventory over
$4000; bt siness hns be^n established over 4 i
years: jnder ordinary conditions will n^t
from $20i'> to $300 per month; advertiser will
accept less thnn one-half of inventory cost
to effect speedy sale if consummated before
July 11. Principals only will apply at M 7 Mis-
sion = t., room 8, between 3 and 5 p. m.
Fi tR sali ■ 'i". fcerj and notion
ptore for sale; must be sold soon as possible:
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14 ;
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
CLOTHING, boot and sho" and furnishing
g0. .,1s business in thrifty condition; 50 miles :
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point, liox 4 ( -n:,, Call office.
WANTED, a good reliable salesman to
buy one-third interest in paying business;
good salary; steady work: worth investigat-
ing Address box 4*": Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par- |
ttculars Inquire at this office.
$750 WELL doing commercial lunch and bar: [
connected with restaurant; best location;'
particulars in cigar store, I'?.", Market nr. tith.
MILK route for sale; 22 cans per day; wagon
and 2 horses. Call branch office, 106 Eleventh.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4891, Call.
$1" STOKE, with use of fixtures; good for
dressmaker or small business. 358 Fifth st.
ACTIVE man can secure interest in good busi-
ness; references. Hex 45."r7. Call Office.
CIGAR store for sai- cheap; h-ilf block from
Baldwin Hotel. Inquire 0 Eddy St.
SALOON and S-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. M) Jackson st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account
of sickness; cheap rent; 2 living rooms. 509
Seventh at.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, :.U Sacramento st.; tel. Main 1836.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 202 Ninth st.
SALOON with good business in good location.
Inquire 72S Montgomery st.. room 9.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wleland
Brewery. Second and Folsoni sts.
}■-<>}{ SALE With S years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
RESTAI'RANT— Must be sold In 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale: old established stand:
on Mission Ft.. 6(16; will sell at a bargain.
MEAT market: well lncatM; doing entirr cash
business Inquire .".10 Castro for particulars.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo avr. Oakland; no agents.
COFFER and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWEI-L £■ COS.. 41". Sacramento st.
HOKSK.S, LIVE STOCK. F.to lor S»lo
FOR sale— A good young horse at 41 1 Natoma
street.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts. harneHs, Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction miles every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Killip A Co.; sal.syai.l. 178S Market.
FOR sale— sso: dark bay horse; 7 years; 16
hands; 1100 pounds; good minister. 1715 Sac-
ramento st.
FANCY cnrr*age. saddle and road horses. T>AL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 606 li.Mden Gate.
A WEEK'S news for S cei, is The iVeekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
WAGONS AXn CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. F.C.AN .t SON, 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horsrs. 1140 Folsom st.
LOST AND FOUHD.
LOST— Purse; letters M. C. : on New Montgom-
ery; containing jewelry and money. Finder
will receive reward by returning to MRS. I).
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth, Oakland.
$20 REWARD for return of violin lost on Lar-
kln st. on June 2S. Return to grocery* corner
Jones and Turk sts. ; no questions asked.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In th»
name of ANPRO JOHNSON or JANE JOHN-
SON, No. 137-452. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Certificate of Deposit No. 62.635 of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
dated 2rt June, 1899. for $250, In favor of C.
F. Houghton. Payment or same has been
stopped and all persons are warned against
negotiating such certificate; reward. Box
4514, Call office.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Quintonica makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp: 35c bot. ;
Foamo shampoo, 5c package. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st. '
THERE is only one Lederer; his artistic, up-
to-date halrdressing costs only 2,"c; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.; switches, $1 up:
longest hair rolls, 30c. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st.
WHIST and poker club now organizing for
ladies arid gentlemen: references exchanged.
Box 4SS2. Call
Jl 50—1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House, 511 Sacramento st;: tel. Main 1836.
LADIES— Big cut in prices; $6 Ypsilantl union
suits, -J3; equestrian tights. 25c. OBER'S, 34
Geary st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sanaome st.
JOHN L. DOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright !
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign ,
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. ,
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester ■
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: .00 rooms; !
25c to »1 50 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
Jl PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape, I
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
T BRILLIANT 338-840 Post St.. Will sell" you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.:
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate a\e. ,
separate ward for contagious diseased.
RUPTURE stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Fclsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. ISI4 Market st.: open evenings.
BUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TA.NI. 313 Sutter St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. j
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte, ;
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell A- Mason. ;
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
387 GEARY St.— Dresses made. $6 up: dresses
made over; perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
OPENING of new spiritual hall, 335 McAllis-
ter st.: speaking and tests by good mediums
this evening at 8 o'clock: free.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium: tells your I
life from cradle to grave; 50c, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor st., parlors 3-5.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night. 8:13 sharp;
sittings dally. 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton St.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.
Mon.. S; :.'.c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PuRTER. wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; .full life read-
ing; ladles, 50i . gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success; Mine, Clingman, from
New York; scientific - palmistry, astrologlst; j
readings, BOc and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland, j
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future. 25c. US Sixth st., room 12.
MISS A. L. CARBON, fortune teller by cards, I
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 320 Larktn st., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME SYBILLE, rradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 911 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S* news :or 5 cent."— The Weekly Call. I
. 16 pares. In wrapper, for maillnc $1 p»r vrar.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mail, $1.
YOUR fate is in your band; children half price.
MME. GERMAINE. 906 Market st., room 29.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist. 918
Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, sore, inflamed, itching, watery, burning,
painiul and overstrained eyes and nerves: by
mail BOc German Optical Institute, 1071% Mar-
ket. S.F. Wanted— Reliable agt. In every State.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their \
case before going elsewhere; they will find j
In her a true friend; a home for patients |
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, J3: no instru-
ments used: satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
Ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$.">: home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention: all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviesi
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers t-ented: node-
lay; self-cure sent: call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market et.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. J5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free: ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kenrny st. i
— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him 'first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free: call or write. 1023\i Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Cnl-
nese herbs, over SCOO varieties being used:
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known. reliable, safe and sure: maternity
home: no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $,".. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye. ■ -
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215^ Mason at.—
Private home in confinement: ladles' friend
in trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. AOHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 136 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. -v.-s
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States postpaid, for SI per year.
RAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop
"22 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25. '
■PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. A H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
ACCOUNTANTS^
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ref. |
REAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 19 Montgomery st.
$o(ioo— Flats near Golden Gate Park; nearly
new; rents $55.
16000—3 flats near McAllister-st. cars; rents
$45; good building; 2".x137:t>.
$i. r Level lot near Mission High School;
want an offer.
53300— Rents ?S6 50: sold to close an estate;
make offer; lot 30 feet front.
$110 per front foot— Van Ness aye.; any size
front' street work done.
Cheap lot near Golden Gate Park and
AfnTlate-d Colleges; 25x137:6.
«;300<3 •> flats near Nineteenth and \alencla
Ms' want an offer; must be sold.
$4100— Clayton st., near electric road; 2 flats.
4 and 5 rooms and bath. „•.,"■ - ,
Bryant-s\. corner, near Mail dock and
S ioFF F E\'! O HUG r HE£J£O.. 19 Montgomery.
$3750— 56C0 CASH, balance monthly: large cor-
ner on Dolores st. : new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $4300; must be sold.
! J4730— 5300 CASH, balance monthly: reasonable
'■ interest: can have option of paying any sum
; above amount agreed upon, as this is not a
building and loan proposition; new residence
: of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas
i lighting; furnace heat throughout; large lot;
: grand view. Apply 232 Liberty St., near
• Dolores. -■'-
I ASHTON & GARDINER, 41l Montgomery st.
Valencia-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
> foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye, with.
Improvements, J5500.
Second and Silver sts; corner, with improve-
ments, JG7OO. _£j
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
$1300— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. 229 Dia-
mond St.. bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
ARMY. 39CS— M nee of 5 rooms and lot for
sale.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sale
ONLY JSOOO i 155 ACRES
Situated 1% miles north of Sonoma: 35 acres
fine vineyard; 25 acres orchard; 20 acres grain
■ land; balance rolling pasture land; well wood-
i ed; a new S-room modern house, with bath
' and wide porches; large barn, carriage house,
| etc.- fine well, windmill an.i 10.000-galiOn tank;
a paying ranch; beautifully situated and In
i fine condition; owner in Africa.
Large summer resort in Lake County: adjoins
i Bartlett Springs; 176 acres; 1 large hotel, 4 co.t-
tages, etc.; spring water piped to buildings:
several mineral springs: all fine condition. For
full information address McAFEE BROS., 108
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7r>'»o
acres ieft For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
. uTATI CO., 302 California St.. 3. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE TO K\«'HAXtiE.
FOP.sale or exchange — 40-acre unincumbered
apricot orchard in the famous early fruit belt.
\'-, miles from Vacaville; trees just in bearing
and all on Myrobolan root; splendid oppor-
tuntty to secure profitable property at very
low tlgure as owners are non-residents and
desirouß of concentrating their interests; price
17500- one-ti.ird cash, balance on easy terms,
or will exchange for acceptable city property.
For full particulars address HORACE STEV-
ENS, Vacaville. Cal.
STOCK* and grain ranches for city or over the
' bay income property; 4000 acres, 123,000; 510
acres $25,000; 600 acres, $17.0 nO; 310 acres 10
acres' in fruit. $25,000; 110 acres. $10,000. Ger-
, man-American. 34 Kearny st
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT~wante(l— The best lot that about $100 will
buy; in San Francisco or around bay but
not over 45 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address box 4567, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
StoVe, hit Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bl.ig.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people: real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS '">>., M Third ft.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. HILL, 44. Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye — Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify: will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any- proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos. WlthOUti removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser, TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
1 moVe money se^ H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
DENTISTS.
TTrrR T S HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st over Cafe Zinkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1: other fillings, from r>Oe;
' plates from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5- porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from *■' We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
a DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
" bridge work until August 1 to introduce, our
mew flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber- warranted for 20 years; crov.-n.
and bridge work teeth without a plate: rill-
ings BOc; crowns, $3 30; plates, full set. 53;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. -■ Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 80 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood, bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, & a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- -
ful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st", near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. . 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent .to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EDUCATIONAL
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
Etruction. mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 21
teachers: day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
HOLMES" College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S.F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market stT;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system; sunny rooms: low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day & night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day & night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HOME In a French family with French and
musical instruction. 1910 Stelner st.
THE Studio. 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons. $'. mo.; top flat. 514 Hayes st.
MATHEMATICS, history, English; coaching
specialty: during vacation $5 ■ mo. 220 Eddy.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lesson* by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience: 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION " the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
I mess College, 305 Larkin St., opp. City HalLHOUSBS TO LET.
UKRNAL aye.. 40- House of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 50x125 feet; 2 fronts; rent $20. Key at 51. |
FOLSOM; S7O House of 10 rooms; upper part;
rent $20. MI'.SKX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE hunting made e«sy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; bath; newly papered and :
painted; rent $30. 717 l^aguna "st : i
SILVER, 30—6 sunny room?; $14. , I
-^
SlL\ ER. 30—3 large rooms in real : $6.
VERY fine house, In perfect condition; 3386 '
Twenty-first St.. near Guerrero: 7 rooms; j
rent very reasonable: see it. E. G. DENNIS- i
JI?- N '_ 3 _ 4 !iiZ WPnty " nrst st -
VERY pleasant house, in perfect condition: 3386
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see it. #
HOUSES — LODGING i'or Sale.
•15-ROOM house on Fourth st.. only $275: 8
rooms, new furniture, only $100 cash, balance
$5 per month, $200; IS rooms, near The Call
office. ?300; 15-room house on Howard st, $600
22-room; new; cost $4500 ?lSOt)
24 rooms on Geary pt c; -V
26 rooms; corner house v M
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12- room house: targe yard: downtown . . I"
18 rooms ; clea rs $100 : on I y 300
12 ims ; exchange for large house COO
54-room house: clears $300 IGOO
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp sth.
31-ROOM; fine location: offer wanted: don't
fail to *cc this bargain. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
12 ROOMS : Poetfst-;SSISA cash. $375
IS rooms; $250 cash: Interest 1% per cent.. 650
:> rooms; cheap rent : only 500
MONEY. TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT. •
WINSTON .x.- CO., 102 C MARKET ST.
A— l2- ROOM house: north of Market St.; rent
*4o; clearing (SO per month. K. G. WILKIK,
906 Market st. - ;
NEATLY furnished house, l rt rooms; reason^
able; owner g.iinp away; Pine st., near r w
ell. Box 1536, Call office.
POLK; 15— Fov sale, cheap furniture 17 rooms;
must be sold • ■■:- week. ____^_
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of i rooms, larg» yard and stable.
21s Collingwood Bt.. bet. li'ih and 20th.
COZY cottage of 5 rooms, bath, gas. yard.
basement. -1119 Vallejo st . nr. Leavenworth.
TO rent— Cottage. 3 rooms; rent $11. 1105 Le.av-
enworth St.. near Cal i forr.ta.
FURAISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat of three rooms to let: rent
$12. 370 Brannan st.
TO RENT— Nicely furnished fiat: 4 rooms and
bath; sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT NW. corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated if seen: six rooms; glazed
porch; $25; water free; please investigate.
A 3-ROOM flat; near Mission and Third sts.;
rent $10. Apply 15 Grant aye.
BOWIE aye., 5— A Oat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family.
CORNER fiat; sun In every room; 7 rooms and
b«th: nicely finished; 1436 Ellis st. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
FEW steps from City Hall; sunny top flat, 6
rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
I 1"* Montgomery st.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; good order. 1615
Clay st.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; rent $16. 39 Clara
st reet
FRANKLIN, 711. near Golden Gate Sunny
7-room flut and b:;th. '
FI'LTON. 146— Good lower Hat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. _•
HARRISON. 704. near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat, '• rooms and bath: $16.
HAVES. 335—4 rooms and bath: large yard;
rent $15; water free.
LOVELY furnished 7-room flat; piano. 5304
Hush *t.. near Taylor, bet. 10 and 12 p. m.
McALLISTERj 112:< — Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good reliant.
MINNA 436— Large sunny furnished room with
cookstove. $6; also sunny front room.
NEW sunny flat of 4 rooms. 1522 Geary st.;
rent $20; references.
NORTHEAST, corner Nineteenth and Not; sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flut; modern improve-
ments; rent $17 water free. !
OCTAVIA. sf'i>— s rooms and bath; water free: |
rent, $20. ■_ i
ijCOTT, 2036, corner Sacramento — Elegant 7-
room flat; reasonable.
THIRTEENTH, 425— Sunny upper and middle
flat: modern improvements.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Sunny s-
room fiat; modern; rent $15; water free.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; larpe flower
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
}12— 4 LARGE rooms, bath and modern im-
provements. 30S Bartlett St., near 24th.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 42:>— 2 nice furnished housekeeping
rooms; private entrance; lawn. flowers;
cheap; no children. .
EDDY 207—1 large pleasant sunny room; com-
plete for hskpg: as, bath ;j house quiet.
EDDY. 917—2 nicely furnish«<i connecting use.
keeping rooms; low rent to quiet, permanent
tenant; private residence: no children.
ELLIS 800 Front, sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping: all newly furn-
ished; also unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH 053—3 furnished housekeeping. $13; 'I,
{10; hall room. $'.; large front room, $7.
FILLMORE, 2205. near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
room?; bath; nice yard and water.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay — $7; 2 large sunny
unturnished rooms; nice yard and water.
GEARY, 622—2 large sunny rooms, newly reno-
vated; nicely furnished for hkpg I ground^ floor
GEARY, 731, rear— Five unfurnished sunny
rooms; yard. '■
GEARY. 1917— Furnished and unfurnished Hats;
4 rooms. 2 baths. 2 toilets, 2 cellars; gas;
every convenience.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front,
with elofcets; hot. cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050 2 large sunny well fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; free telephone. I
HARRISON, 415— Nicely furnished flat of 3 I
rooms and bath; rrnt reasonable.
jjXYKS. 433—3 very nice rooms; sunny; front;
kitchen and bath; rent^sl2. |
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. 2d and 3d. nr. Harri-
son— Smali prettily fur. flat; private; $16 mo.
HOWARD. SUS, bet. First «nd Second— Nice
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 719*4. n»iir Third— 2 furnished
rooms; rent 49 per month.
IVY aye.. 223. near Franklin — Pleasant sunny
2-wlndo'w front room, stove, double bed. 55.
JONES 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
*]6; aiso double and single rooms, cheap.
MARKET 1028- Large sunny front room and
hen, 'folding bed. $12; 3 unfurnished, $6.
MINNA 111 1 *, near Second -Furnished house-
* keeping room, $1 25 p<-r week.
N \TOM V OJ-2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
' *S a mnnth._ -
j>OST, 617%— 2 pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms f or j housekeeping; rent reasonable.
I'OWELL. till, near Sacramento— 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $11: from 12 to 6.
PROSPECT place. 12.1. off California, between-
Stockton and Powell— targe. room and kitchen;
line view or bay: morning fun; $10; pri. Per.
SOUTH PARK. SO— 2 large, sunny frynt house-
keeping rooms; parlor Boor; very reasonable.
SOUTH! PARK. l. Double and single rms.,
•or hkpg; front and sunny: rrnwh. or vi rn j^;
STEVENSON 4<)3~0r. Fifth— Nicely furnished
connecting huust-kpg roomsacortiplete ;j cheap.
SUTTER nil. nr. La rkln— Comfortably furn.
einsle mites; also hskpg.; terms reasonably
THIRTEENTH. 329, near Valencia— Funny
furnished housekeeping rooms; rent $9.
TURK 54?,- Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete' for housekeeping; gas stove, ga* and
bath; $." 25 per week.
TWENTY-THIRD; 31618 2 unfurnished house-
keeping room?, with bath and stationary
washtubs.
WASHINGTON. .'■■' — Upper floor. 3 large
r<»nis and bath: re-it $IC.
ROOMS TO LKT Furn. »n«l C nfurn.
-\ -; iUU?N^\vTcir""Ho"useT^4^ Sixth- Rooms.
25e to $1 per night; $1 25 to $."« per week, and
j«l)ght housekeeping : open all night. _
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
Kunny rooms en suite or, single; first-class
;n every respect; ■■ ms reasonable..
fAT Hotel Fran-iseo. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Uotnellke house; modern service; elevator:
Path;;roomg. 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT .\>w Grana; 245 3d— 200 Ist class sunny rm*.. I
lbC to »■ day; SOc to $4 wk; also housekeeping. j
ROOMS TO — Knrn. nml I nfurn. I
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny j
front rooms*; also hpkg. rms. ; reas.; transient. |
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; first- j
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside j
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable: transient !
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop. j
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate !
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rrris. & offices, j
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, US— Sunny, desirable rooms, $6 upward
month; also housekeeping very reasonable.
ELLIS, 424. bet. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite; 4 or 5 gents; bath.
FERN WELL, 34 Kearny, 47 Post— Sunny bath-
room suite; also single rooms; trai^ient.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
tO let. _ I
FOURTH. 125%, nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated ; choice front rms.
GEARY. 405 (The Niivarre)— Comfortable furn. .
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. Kit. |
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy— for stu- j
dents; sunny rooms by clay, week or month. ;
GOLDen GATE aye., 425— Desirable sunny •
furnished room: low renK • ,
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and !
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single; j
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator. |
HANCOCK i House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . ■
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton — ;
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.: free baths, j
HOWARD. 646. near New house. 30 rms.; :
newly frnshd; single, double: gas; $:• upward, j
HOWARD, 829- Furnished rooms from $1 week j
up: also housekeeping and transient. j
HOWARD, 958V4 — Nicely furnished sunny!
rooms from 51 per week up; excellent front \
■;roo*s. I
HYDE, 129— Nicely furnished rooms, from $5 I
up.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor.Geary —New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r). $15 up; ref. j
LOMBARD. 1021, nr. Hyde Rooms; yard; j
fine view; $16. !
MARKET, "SS I^ — Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 '' per week.
MINNA, 571 B— Nice sunny rooms; rent »■"■ to $■*
per month.
MINN V fi«7, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay- ;
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 654. nr. Third— Sunny rooms; new- |
ly furnished: $10 and $6 pel month.
MISSION, 846, near Fourth— New management; :
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas. (
MISSION 2245— Large furnished room; use of
bath; suitable for 2. .
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished j
window for 2, $S; Incandescent burner.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and j
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo. ,
O'FARRELL, 331- Well-furnished front rooms; j
light hous»keeping; gas range; reasonable. j
POWELL] 15, bet. Market and Ellis— Prettily !
furn. rms.; single and en suite; new mangt. |
POWELL. 17— Central and prettily furn. rms.; :
cheap; June. Market st cars: near theater.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele- ,
gantly furnished 'single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st. Incandescent
lisht; reading room, smoking room and :
ladies' parlor; room* per night. 35c to $150; j
week, $2 to $6; month, $S to $30; elevator on
Office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths, j
SEVENTH, 454. corner Bryant 5 sunny rooms; |
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3. ;
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.. |
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. ■ ]
TAYLOR, 407— Large front room; well fur- |
nished, suitable for 2 gentlemen: with bath. !
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house j
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor. j
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth st.; cor. Minna— i
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver, '"■'■ Folsom, nr. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas, bath: also hkpg.
VAN NESS aye., 926 Furnished room for gen-
tiem.m: fas, bath, hot and cold water.
YALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un- :
furnished suites. $.'■ up; single. 81 50 up. i
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up: Swedish home; parlor. j
ATLAS, 1001 Sun. New. beautifully furnished i
sunny suites, single r.. roan., board optional. •
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op. I
O'FARRELL, 742— Large front room, running i
water, home cooking; also single rms.. .s2o up. j
POST, 744— R00m and board; use of parlor and i
piano; $36 and up. '• ■•■ ■
POWELL 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union j
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches. j
ROOMS with or without board at 232 Haight
St., near Buchanan; one, $20; two. $35; grand j
view; Haight st. cars pass door. :
PUTTER, 112S — Lovely sunny rooms with board; j
pretty garden: homo cooking. i
j
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN. j
A LADY living in Alameda, nice, home, near j
school would like 1 or 2 children to board; j
terms reasonable. Address A. B. Call office, '
Oakland I
WIDOW in country wishes 2 children to board i
between the age of 2 and 10; good home; terms !
moderate. Apply at 81 Federal St.; off Sec- j
ond, between Bryant and Brannan. :
LADY would like infant or small child; good j
home. M., Station D, Oakland.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board; good !
home; piano; reasonable. 306 Bartlett st. j
NEAT refined young woman desires children
to board: best of references. Apply ■'."! Castro. ,
RESTAURANTS.'
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
rroam parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
OFFICES AND STORES — Ti> Let.
ASHTON .v GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor St.
j5C — 455 Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
j35_S5« Mission st., near Fifth.
$20— 32S Montgomery avenue.
$22 50— 936 Howard St.. near Fifth.
$17—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison st.. corner Langton.
GOOD bakery, all fitted up, in a fine location;
reasonable to right party. 2439 California st.
VERY large sunny basement. Apply 524
Geary St. !
CARPET BEATING and cleaning. !
WHEN You become disgusted with p. or work I
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- !
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel.* Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. j
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates. I
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. '■• Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 94«.
I E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th i
"st.: cleaning. 81 per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U S steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden |
bate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 316. :
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden j
c.jit.- qve.: »<-•!. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRB & GALLAGHER G. Ma- j
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- ,
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have |
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing. 825-535 Market st.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W. ■
HOWE, atty at law. v > Market, cor. Stocktn. !
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful, W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market : consultation free: no fees In advance. |
. . . _
!«KAVI\« MACHINES AND 81.PPLIES.
52 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone. Mint 45.
'1.1. kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlpg at lowest rate* 205 Fourth st.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
{jTlCA^Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
curt for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
.MINKS AND MINING.
I WANT to buy Central Eureka mining stock.
n. L. CHENEY. 530 California st. j
~~~pav sicia.\s.
ivi? c C (VDONNELL, office and residence. '■
I* '■!■:■' Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.'
PROPOSALS.
UKITTSD STATES^ Engineer's Office Flood
' hifl'din* Han Francisco. Cal., July -8, 1
ISM Sealed proposals for dredging in Alyiso
Harbor <'al , will be received . here until 12
"clock.' noon, August , 10. 1899.. ™°™*%™
\ furnished on application. W. H. HELER,
• Major, Engineers. i
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MONEY to loan on houses; will sell two nice
little cottages: installments; for amt. loaned
on them. J. D. BENNETT, 902 Broadway.
$125 LOTS — For a profitable investment or the
most beautiful location in Fruitvale for a i
home, see the Deering Tract. Fruitvale aye. ; I
terms to suit. H. W. DAVIS. Sole Agent,
loom 9. 905 Broadway, OaTtland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. !
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR 6 months or longer: 12 rooms, well fur-
nished, sunny; front and back lawn: flow«r»,
vines; 1364 Franklin St.; 4 minutes to narrow
gauge station; call 11 to 5; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$700— FINE lot on bay =hore.
Foreclosure; 2-story, 8 rooms aid bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand-st. station: cost $3500.
$220"— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot '
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. ?20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x :
207: open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms. !
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORKAIi & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALASIJ3UA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUN KB. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
*
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
PEOPLE wishing to locate near the university
in Berkeley will do well to see M. L. WURTS
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland. Have 3
modern houses in course of construction on
easy terms.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— A nicely furnished house of 11
rooms, bath, etc.; rent $65; situated In upper
Dwlght way. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley station.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRADY— June 29, 1889, to the wife of William
.1 Brady, a son.
GLOVER— In this city. July 8, 1899, to the wife
of Dr. C. A. Glover, 'a daughter.
DIED.
Adams, Emily R. Leland. Mathilda
Brown, Josephine B. Levy. Leon
Cowie, John Parish. Elizabeth
Flinn, Thomas J. Persson, Alma
Foley, Mary Roach. Richard D.
Gillespie; James Rotermund, William
Grinnell. John J. Rutherford. E. D.
Hammond. Emily L. Tierney, Fannie
Kerrison. George E. Whearty. Maria E.
Lamb. Isaac Williams, Mary J.
ADAMS In this city, July 9, 1899, Emily R..
wife of A. P. Adams, mother of Miss M. E.
Adams, Mrs C. Lind, Mrs. G. E. Knlepe, O.
B. and C. L. Adams, a native of St. John,
N. B.
(f^-The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at' her late
residence, 1450 Masonic avenue, near Fred-
erick street. Interment private.
BROWN— this city, July 9, 1898, Josephine
B. Brown, beloved wife of Joseph Brown and
§ mother of M. J., E. J., Nellie Brown, Mrs.
.1. J. Doyle and Mrs. S. L. Braverman, .i
native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
COWIE In this city. July 9, 1899, at the home
of hi* son-in-law, Mr. E. G. Denniston. 3454
Twenty-first street, John Cowle, beloved hus-
band of Elizabeth Cowie and father of Wal-
lace M. Cowle, Mrs. E. G. Denniston and Mrs.
.1 D. Jessup, a native of Scotland, aged 79
years 3 months and 29 days. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'ocloek, from above address.
Interment private.
FLINN— In this city. July 9, 1899, Thomas J..
beloved son of Catherine M. and the late
William B. Flinn and brother of Marion A.
and Catherine M. Flinn and Mrs. 11. S.
Burke, a native Of Jersey City. N. J.
FOLEY— in this city. July 9, 1899, at her late
residence. 725% Natoma street. Mary, be- j
loved wife of Patrick Foley and mother of
James P. and Katie Foley and Mrs. Frank
Staples, a native of County Fermanagh, Ire-
land.
GILLESPIE— this city, July 8. 1R99. James,
beloved husband of Annie Glllespie, father of
Mark, Patrick J. and James Gillesp'.e, brother
of Thomas Gillesple, and brother-in-law of
Daniel and Edward Brady, a native of the
parish of Kllcar, County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 50 years.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 124S Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
■ seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COURT Independence No. 104. F. of A.— The
officers and members are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of Brother
James Gillespie from his late residence. 124S
..Howard street, this day (Monday), at 8:15
* o'clock. J. J. FURET. Chief Ranger.
P. M. McGASHIN, Fin. Sec.
GRINNELL— In this city. July 8, 1899. John
Jay Grinnell, a resident of Red Bluff. Cal.,
aged 45 years.
Friends and acquaintances and neigh-
bors of Woodcraft and members of I. O. O. F.
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O.
0. F. Hall, corner Seventh and Market
Streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via 5:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. Remains at the Darlors of A.
W. Martin & Co., US Geary street.
HAMMOND— Entered into rest in this city,
July 9, 1899, Emily Louise, beloved daughter
of John and Mary Hammond, a native of
Boston. Mass.
[T'Norice of funeral hereafter.
KERRISON— In this city, July 9, 1899, at his
father's residence, 37 Vieksburg street. George
E., beloved son of Edmund P. Kerrison, a
native of California, aged 22 years and 4
months.
mr friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAMB— In Oakland, July 9, 1899, Isaac, beloved
husband of Maria Lamb, a native of England,
aged 65 years 7 months and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence.
Funeral* parlors of James Taylor, 620 Thir-
teenth street, between Washington and Clay.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
LELAND— In Oakland. July 9. 1599. Mathilda,
beloved wife of ; Captain H. D. Leland,
mother of George F. Sampson and sister of
Albert F. and It. Frank Hndley. a native of
Maine, aged 64 year;- 1 month and 20 days.
(t .-'Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of ivy Chapter, O. E. 8., are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes- j
day] July 12. at 11:40 o'clock. from the
family residence, 280 Ninth street, between
Alice and Harrison. Interment Laurel Hill j
Cemetery, San Francisco.
LEVY— In this city, July 8, 1899, Leon, beloved
son of Lewis and Kathern Levy, and brother
of Jacob and Benard Levy, a native of S.-\n
Francisco, aged 35 years and 27 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 1208% Turk street, thence to '
1. O. O. F. Cemetery for cremation.
PARISH— In this city. July 9, 1899, Eifabeth,
beloved wife of William Parish and daughter
of Mary and the late Henry Bell and Bister
of William H. and Edward C. Bell and Mrs.
William House, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years. :;■ >
PERSSON- In San Rafael, July 8, I-'' I.'.1 .'. Alma,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Sven and
Caroline Persson. and sister of Slegfrld,
Gotthard, Arthur and Herman Persson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years and 6 !
months.
C /'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at i o'clock, . from the residence of
her parents, 349 Alvarado street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Sanchez
and Noe. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROACH— In this City, July S. 1899. Richard 1)..
dearly beloved husband of Addle A. Roach,
and father of Elmer D. Roach, a native of
Ireland, aged 80 years. A member of Cali-
fornia Lodse No. 1, I. O. O. F. ;. Harmony
Lodge No. 9, A. 0. . U. W. ; Manzanita Tribe
No. 4, I. O. R. M., and Lincoln Post No. I,
G. A. R. :-
f,rFriPnfl? and acquaintances are respect- j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CJ..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln dchnoL
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, |
123& Market. Ft., between nth and 9th. : B
Telephone, South 2«7. I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his. late resi- ;
dence, 238 Twelfth street, between Folsom and
Howard, hence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where .funeral
services will be held, uiuler the ausnices of
Califirnla Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F., com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MAN/.ANITA Tribe No. 4, Imp, Order Red
Men— Chiefs and members are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother. R.
D. Roach, P. S., this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh and
Market streets. By order.
L. A. GRADE, Sachem.
J. L. GRIFFITH. C. of R.
ROTERMUND— In this city. July 9. 1899, Wil-
liam Rotermund, brother of Fred Rotermund.
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 47 years
1 month and 27 days. .. . '•
E7Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth. ' -.
RUTHERFORD— In Suisun. Cal.. July 9. 1599. i
Elmo D.. beloved 1 son of David R. and Marian I
Rutherford of Berkeley. Cal., . a native of ,
Suisun, Cal., aged 5 years 3 months and 7 J
days. :V "
Friends ar.<l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Church. Fifteenth and Valencia streets. In- ■
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. . A-. -.•-,
TIERNEY— In this city, July 7. 1899, Mrs. Fan-
nie Tierney, dearly beloved wife of Thomas
Tierney. and mother Of Patrick, John. Wil-
liam and Matt Tierney and Mrs. E. J. Wren,
a native of County Louth. Ireland, aged 66
years 3 months and 12 days.
ICTTrlends" ano acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24 Folsom avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass I
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount ;
Calvary Cemetery. ■,". •;> .•■->■
WHEARTY— In this city. July ?. IS!>9, Maria
Ethel, dearly beloved wife of Thomas A.
Whearty. mother of Thomas G. and Viola
Whearty, and sister of Thomas J., Patrick.
Jerry and Timothy Hurley, Mrs. H. Bass and
Mrs. E. Runge. a native of County Cork, Ire-
i land, aged 83 years 2 months and 11 days. .
C"- r Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the Funeral this day (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from her late residence, 312 Cortland
avenue, thence to St. John's (Old St. Mary's
College) Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— this city, July 9. 1<!99, Mary
| J., beloved wife of John H. Williams, a na-
the of New York City, aged R3 years.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J N B pence, Suisun J It Crystal, Wash
C W Keller, Sanger JP Davis, La Grange
J McCune. Sanger C 1? Hills. S Jose ■
J Morrison, Cal H Sulyard. S Jose
N Blackstock, Ventura M Donahoe. Denver
Miss Blackßtock. Cal Mrs Nell. Mont
V M Wai. lron, Denver Miss Waterbury. Mont
Miss Waldron, Denver Miss Gleeson; Mont
J Dugan, Boston E Waldman. Portland
F L Martin, Sacto Mrs Bridges, Idaho
J w (ieeslin. Sacto Miss Scott, Idaho
M Warner, N V Mrs A Gage, Stockton
M Elliott, S Rosa Miss G Gage, Stockton
F Cavallora, S Jose ■ H Kobhlns, Fresno
C Cavallora. S Jose lOr Keller, Sanger
J Jans.«ens S Barbara ;.I McCune. Sanger
P E Keller & w, c a l A V.Wilbur, Stockton \
<; Reckneyer. S Lake M Lavelle, Hanford
A Q Keagle. Stockton iC-F Adams, L Ang i
M Duperbroch, Sacto 'J Harllngton, Denver j
N J Wagner, A lamp. la W D Coates, Fresno
R .1 Holmes. Alameda Mrs Richards, Denver
L Jones. Portland H J Delano, Arizona
C E Eaton, Oakland H Kemper. Arizona
R M Rodgers. Oakland W C Swain, Marysville
V Houston, V s x C H Schiveley, Cal
W Graupe, Salt Lake C Ousley & w, Texas
1 M Watters, Utah S Thomas & w. Texas j
Miss Waiter*, Utah Mrs G Summers, Ptld
J E Samuels, Portland O Thumler & w Chcgo
A Samuels, Portland F George & w. Milwke
M Leonard, Price n 8 Lake & w, R I
W S Hoffman. Cal C Lermann, Texas
F C Smith. Portland W H Noel, Texas
c E Smith. Portland F U BHillis. Texas
W Booth. L Ang Mrs Fitzgerald. L Ang
Mrs A Regan, S L Obis Miss V Corbet t. Mont
Mrs C Regan. S L < 'hi« Miss L Harkins. Mont
F Howe & w. S Cruz .1 D Bradley. Merced
H Laiighlln. S Cruz J D Jones. Seattle
W W Emerey. w Ac c, Mrs Edwards. Portld
Angels Camp Capt Hutchins. USA
J Cavanaugh, Vaeaville L E Thomas, Rlchmnd
A Robinson, B»nicla A Rhen & w, Sausallto
Dt Barry, CastrovUle Miss A Betencort, Cal
T Mlnturn, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
I>r N Ream. Chicago .1 II Childs. Plttsburg
3 W Danborn, Mo . I M Sherrerd. N .T
Count Meran. Austria C B Saladln, Paris
Miss Ingersoll. Tacotna J \V Neville, Salt Lke
C L Hoffman. Spokane Mrs G McLean, mil &
Mrs Hoffman, Spokane eh, Ariz
F.R Sherman. Mich |M C Miller. Plttsburg
I. A Wittemeyer, Mich H Hertz. N V
C MeFarlan. St Louts Mrs X Rose. NY
H Bergman, St Louis J B Hastings. Rosslnd
W 1' Keaner, Portland X C Voorhies. Sutter C
DC O'Reilly, Portland A F .lonen, Orovllle
W L Hardlson. Portlnd Mrs Jones. Oroville
:: M Howland. Ix>s An L A Crane. Sta Cruz
Mrs Howtand, Los An F W Grand. Chicago
!■ ANewmnrk, I^os An E Hackmeyer, Gtemala
N J Wallace, Toronto '■'■"■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
J F Stout. Vallejo Mrs Connolly. Sonora
Miss Clark. S Jose Miss Summers.- Sonora
W TVyon & w, Cal C Johnson. Chicago
T Fay. Vallejo B Johnson. Chicago
.1 Mulroy. Sonora PL Sargent & w, Mont
F Kern. Modesto F Campbell <& w, Nehr
W J Carroll, L Oatos [G Spllman, England
J Murtha. New Mcx A Spllman. Englan
E Moore ft w, Texas D Spllman. lowa
T Wlnwood A w, Cal iF Grew, S Diego
■ ♦ «■
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing
FLORENCE WARREN DIVORCED.
Millionaire's Daughter Freed From a
Non-Supporting Husband.
TACOMA, July 9. — A divorce was grant
ed yesterday to Florence Mifflin Warpn,
daughter ol General J. M. Hood, the Bal
timore millionaire, and president of the
Western Maryland Railroad. The wed
ding of the Warrens was a swell society
function, occurring at Baltimore two
years ago. They spent a year in Colum
bus, <> moving here a year ago. She al
leged Warren had done nothing' toward
supporting her here and she believed lie
married her with the expectation that her
parents would support them. Her father
objected to supporting Warren without
any effort on his part, and accordingly
supplied only the money necessary for
his daughter's support. Warren naving
failed to get any of his father-in-law's
money they separated in April last. War
ren made no objection to the divorce.
Mrs. Warren's younger sister corrobo
rated her testimony and they took last
night's train for California. Mrs. War
ren resumes her maiden name.
SEAL HERD DECREASING.
Not One-Tenth the Numbe_ of Former
Years.
SEATTLE, July 9.— E. W. ('lark, who is
a special agent of the Government in
charge- of the Seal Islands in Kcrinp Sen,
arrived here to-day. He left the islands
June H. He said:
"The provisions of the Paris tribunal
are totally Inadequate. I nm confident
thai seal life is not one-tenth as great as
in former years. The destruction of the
herd is still progressing- under pelagic
sealing. About three out of every five
killed are recovered, the other two sink
ing. Fully three female seals are killed
to two males."
Mr. Clark reports there were no pelagic
sealers around the islands when he left.
!i\;t he was told that the fleet had gath
ered and was following the seal herd on
Its return from southern waters. He also
reports a big salmon catch along the
Aleutian Islands. •
TAX ON PUBLIC UTILITIES.
License Ordinance Proposed by Red
Bluff's Trustees.
REDDING, July 9.— The recent enact
ment of a city ordinance In Woodland im
posing a license tax of $2.50 per annum on
every insurance company doing business
in that city has been followed by similar
action on the part of the Hoard of City
Trustees of Redding. An amendment to
the municipal code carrying an insurance
license of $2.50 a year has passed first
reading and will become a law. Red Bluff
has taken action on an ordinance licensing
telegraph companies at $10 quarterly, ex
press, telephone, electric light and gas
companies at $25 quarterly and water and
insurance companies at $100 quarterly. An
ordinance covering these items will come
up for passage at the next meeting of the
City Council.
Gage Inspects the Pinta.
SAN DIEGO, July 9.— Governor Gage
oame over from Corodano to-day and in
rtpeof?d the naval reserve vessel Prnta.
He also paid a visit to the Normal School.
There were no formalities whatever on
either occasion. The Governor will spend
a few days quietly at Hotel del Coronado,
his purpose being, as he says, to obtain
rest and recreation. He is keeping out
of the view of newspaper men as much
as 'possible.
Governor Roosevelt Returns.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— Governor
Roosevelt of New York, who came to
"Washington yesterday for a conference
with the President at the latter's Invita
tion, returned to New York this morning.
GUATEMALA IS
IN THE THROES
OF DISCONTENT
♦• —
Government Marked
by Disorders.
DEPARTMENTS UNOFFICERED
WRETCHED FINANCIAL CONDI
TION 13 THE CAUSE.
Arrival of Prominent Central Ameri
cans Confirm the Stories of Im
pending Turbulence and
Present Destitution.
♦ -
The steamer San Juan, which reached
this port, early last evening, had a num
ber of prominent Guatemalans aboard. !
who are of one voice In a tale of govern- \
mental and financial distress and an tm- :
pending public uprising. Stormy times are
ahead for the Central American repub
lics, and, judging from appearances, Guat
emala will again !>• rent by civil dissen
sion and internecine strife.
The presnt distress is said to be the
natural and logical outcome of the finan
cial system of the country. Last October I
arrangements were made t" tl- >n t a paper
issue of 16,000.000. Hills were issued in
January, and from thai time to the pr> s
ent $2,000,000 worth of comparatively value
less paper was sent out. As most of the
business conducted with foreign traders
is don.- through sight drafts on the United
States, that medium of exchange rias
jumped to enormous values. The nominal
ciuotation on United States sight drafts
reaches a *>uo per cent premium, but the
nun who arrived here last night say it is
far above that. Ac<-r>rding to their state
ments a sight draft on this Government is
hardly purchasable with the currency of
Guatemala.
The inflation of paper money, in which
the people place no trust, is at the bottom
of the governmental evil. Tales of puffer
ing and destitution come from all over the
country. One of the most prominent plant
ers, who is now In this city, said last
night:
"The currency, combined with the sur
plus production of coffee, explains the
conditions. Of late years every bit of ara
ble land has been used for the growth of
coffee, with a result that there is over
production. The coffee growers them
selves will not be the great sufferers, tor
they trade directly with America and re
ceive gold in exchangi for their products.
The poorer classes fe< 1 the iron hand, as
they receive in turn money which Is of
no genuine value compared with Its face
denomination. Conditions may be (hanged
in time by the enforced- disuse of many
acres of coffee lands, but the real cause
of the trouble is in the finance.
President Cabrera is now at the helm
in Guatemala and he will have to rid. a
heavy storm before he lands his ship En
a safe port. 11. E. Hockmeyer, I>r. Fran
cisco J. Medina, a banker, and A. Ratter
are the three influential Guatemalans, who
arrived last night. Bach one was lost
in a cloud taciturnity and preferred not
to be interviewed.
Letters received in this city last night
bespeak the tottering of the ('nbrean ad
ministration. It seems that three depart
ments have gone begging for men to MI
them. At present, according to informa
tion received, there arc no Secretaries of
tin Treasury. Foreign Relations and Pul>
lic Works.
Though the bait has been proffered, no
one cerr.s willing to take the hook.
Cabrera is charged with having ordered
the coinage of a silver standard piece,
600 fine in place of 835 line. This brought
a Htorm about his ears and he laid the
blame upon the superintendent of the
mint, who now lfes in jail.
In order to adjust matters ( "abrera
made a demand upon the banks for sub
sidles of silver. This was refused with
the result of the expulsion of President
Rc.cenda Devella of the Hank of Colom
bia r>nd the forced flight of Alexander
Abrahmson of the Rank of America.
Silver has been made contraband. Ail
Guatemalans who attempt to ship it are
apprehended and Incarcerated. Ameri
cans doing so are invited to shake the
dust -f Guatemala off their feet.
News comes from Washington that the
Guatemala!) Consul, Antonio Laxo Ar
riHgo. intends to return to his own coun
try to recover $lS,(tOo back salary. This
will leave his country without a repre
sentative at Washington. Judging from
present conditions Guatemala is on the
brink of a great upheaval.
SALE OF TIMBER LAND.
Eastern Lumbermen Invest in Wash
ington State.
TACOMA, July ».— Over 50,000 acres "f
the best timber land in Skajdt and Sno
homlsh counties have passed into the
hands of Michigan and Minnesota lumber
men. The principal purchasers are David
To/.er of Still water, Minn., James IVmp-
Bey of Manlstee, Mich., and D. P. Si
mons, representing a syndicate of capi
talists resident in the States nani"d. on
an average they save $12 an acre for land
which was purchased ten and fifteen
years ago as timber claims for $2 50 an
acre. Scott Jamison of Port (iambli sold
the largest single tract— 2ooo acres. To
zer. Dempsey and Simons, who came
West three months ago, had very little to
say about their business, hut appear to
have lost no time in acquiring some ?f the
best timber in Washington. Their timber
cannot be beaten in any State of the
Union.
Missing From Home.
ATLANTA, July 9.— MJ*S Henrietta
Crapp, the 16-year-old daughter of h
prominent insurance man of this city,
mysteriously disappeared from the home
of H. S. Underwood, four miles from At
lanta. Saturday afternoon. A party of
thirty men. assisted by Atlanta detectives,
ha\e failed to find the least trace of the
missing xirl. It is believed she has been
kidnaped. Ft if reported that a carriage
was seen near the Underwood home Sat
urday afternoon, but the disappearance
could not have been an elopement, as Mis-;
Crapp was attired in a house dress and
slippers.
WEATHER KKi'i UtT.
P(l2nth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July 9—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka »8 San Diego 74
Fresno "■" Sacramento M
Los Angeles 92 Independence 94
' Red Uluff 9« Yuma 104
: Ban Luis Obispo 92
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, GO; moan, .'.!>.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
I The pressure has remained nearly stationary
I over the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
An area of low pressure overlies Arizona and
Southeastern California and may extend north
ward along the mountains, causing cloudy
weather and showers Monday In Utah and
: Northern Arizona.
! The temperature has fallen about eight de
! grees over Arizona and New Mexico. Through
out California it has remained nearly station
ary. Warmer weather has occurred in the val
i leys of California and maximum temperatures
! of about 100 degrees will occur Monday after
' noon. '
! Showers are falling In Arizona.
A maximum wind velocity of 3S miles per
: hour from the northeast is report*! at XI Paso.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
i hours ending midnight. July 10, 1599:
! Northern Califbrna — Fair Monday; continued
warm weather in the interior; fresh northwest
: winds inland: brisk westerly winds with fog on
! the coast.
Southern Californa— Fair Monday except in
the southeastern portion, where it will be
' cloudy; northerly wind? In the Interior; west
] erly winds on the coast with fog.
Nevada— Fair Monday, except cloudy in ex-
I treme southern portion.
I Cloudy Monday; possibly showers. .
I Arizona — Cloudy Monday, with showers in t"he
! mountains.
I San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday,
' with brisk westerly winds and fog in the after
■ noon. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
TRAXSATLAXTH ! STKAM KUS
HAVRE— Arrived July ft-Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York.
NEW YORK- Arrived July 3— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr La Nor
mandie. from Havre.
GLASGOW— Arrived July tt—Stmr City of
Rome, from New York.
BURGLARS MAKE
A RAUL IN A
JEWELRY STORE
Enter by Way of the
Transom.
VALUABLE STOCK TAKEN
— -• —
A THIRTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOY ONE
OF THE CULPRITS.
The Police Have a Description of the
Crooks and Are Confident of
Soon Apprehending
Them.
I
One <>f the most daring burglaries re
ported to the police for some time was
committed yesterday morning in a jewelry
store kept by William Schepjrier at ]<>71
Markei street. The thieves succeeded In
getting away with jewelry valued ut $350.
Shortly after 3 o'clock the policeman on
the beat saw a. suspicious looking charac
ter standing a few feet from the .-tore.
He was accompanied by a boy, who,
I catching a glimpse of the police officer,
walked down the street. The man dis
appeared shortly afterward, and conclud
ing that he had left the scene the guard
lan of the peace continued on his beat.
When he returned about an hour later
he found pieces of broken glass scattered
about the entrance, and convinced ti>.it
there was something wrong he proce<?d<?<J
to mak" an investigation. After a cur
sory examination he discovered that burg- j
lars had ent< red the store through tli"
transom and carried off a number of
watches and chains and other articles of
jewelry. He at once notified the proprt-
I etor. who. after examining his stock, es
timated his loss at about $000.
The detectives who «re working on the
I case are satisfied that the man and boy
who were seen hanging around the store
committed the burglary.
It is their opinion that the transom was
broken with a heavy cane and the boy
shoved through the aperture by his older
j companion, who waited outside until the
I youthful criminal gathered a? much jew
i elry as he could conveniently carry and
! then assisted him through the broken
! transom.
A citizen who was passing at the time
I saw the pair standing in the entrance of
: the store, but thinking they were wait
ing for a friend paid Kttle attention to i
them.
He describes the boy as being about 13
years of age, shabbily dresned. He did
not get a loofc at his companion, as th<
latter turned his back to him as he pass
ed them.
Last night a description of the stolen
articles were furnished the police, and
every effort will In made to apprehend
the daring crooks.
SIN. MOON AND TIDF..
United Stat.-.. Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time* and Heights of Hljjh and Low
Waters at Fort I'oint. entrance t" San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of thf- Superintendent.
N< >TE -Thr> hi«h and low waters 0,-.ur at
th<- city front i Mission-street \vliarf> BbOHt
twenty-five minutes later than at V<tx Point;
the hei^lit of tide is !h" same at lioih places.
MONDAY, JULT 1".
Sun rise? )::,.",
Sun sets 7:34
Mi'.,n sets 8:58 p. m.
r Time ITimel ITime' ITimp
g Ft. j Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
- H W JL. W| H W ti W
10 ...I 0:15 5.51 6:561—0.2 2:01 5.2| 7:M 2.7
11 ... o:sfi 5.1 7:29( 0.1 2:30 5.2! 7:55 l 2.5
U ... 1:40 4.8! 8:02! 0.5 3:00, 5.21 8:46| 2.3
13 ... 2:30 4.?. S:3o] 0.9 3:30| 5.2! 9:41' 2.0
14 ... 3:24 3.91 9:11| 1.4 4:05! C.3 10 :« 1.6
15 .. 4:33 8.6, 9:sflj I.S 4:42! 5.4 ll:40i 1.2
16 ... 5:59 3.4; 10:SS| t.< 5:25| r..5' • 1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the I
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the !
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on- the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height, j
and then the number given Is subtracted from I
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
BTEAMRRS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
'
■ Due.
Tartar 'Vancouver July 10 l
Columbia Portland July 10 ;
Coos Bay Newport July 10
Weeott Humnoldt July 10
South Coast Humb->lrlt :... July 10 I
Aloha Point Arena July U> \
Progreso Seattle July 10
Washtenaw |Tacoma .'j-^ly 10 i
Liuella Yaqulna Bay ijuly 10
Czarina [Puget Sound (July 11 !
Slam 'Nanalmn July 11
Umattlla Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Bristol Departure Bay July 11
Newburg * Grays Harbor. ! July 11
Corona San Diejro July II
Pomona iHumboldt I July 11
Mackinaw Tacoma July 11 i
Hunol (Grays Harbor July 11
Bonlta (Newport July 13
State California July 14
Point Arena 'Point Arena July 14
Arcata [Coos Bay July 15
Portland Ist. Michael 'July 15
Homer St. Michael I July 15
Santa Rosa San Diego. .-...-..-.. .(July IS
America Maru.. lChina and Japan July 16
Coqullle River.. : Grays Harbor July in
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puf-et Bound July 16
Cleveland IPu*et Sound iJuly IB
North Fork !Humbo!dt 'July I<> '
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
i Destination.
!
Sail?.
I PierT
Walla W...|Vic & Psrt July 10, in am Pier it
Weeott Humboldt July 10. 2 pmjPier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. [July 10, 2 Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay .July 10. 12 miPler 13
Aloha Point Arena.. | July 11, 3pm Pier 2
Com Bay... Newport July 11. 9 am Pier 11
Maripopa ..| Sydney IJuly 12, 10 pm I Pier 7
Columbia . . ■ Hnrllan'l luly M, 10 am Pier 24
Luella !Orej?on Porte. July 12. 3 Plpr 2
Pomona . ... HumboMt IJuly 13, 2 pm|Pifr 9
Corona San Dleso July 13. 11 nm:Plcr 11
Coptic China ft Japan! July 14. l PMSS
Portland ..[St. Michapl...[.Tuly 15 1
Umatllla ..IVlc &- Pgt Sdl.luly 15. 10 am'Pi<*r 9
Bonlta IXewport July IS. !) amlPler 11
State of 1 Port In ml July 17. 10 am Pier 24
SHIFPIXG I\TELLIOIO\CE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, -July 9.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, 20 days from Panama,
etc.
Mr stmr Tartar, Pybus, 3 days from Na-
Datmo.
Stmr Gipsy, I.eland. 27 hours from Moss
Landing, etc.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. S3 hour* from San
Pedro, Newnort and way ports.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng. from San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olsen. 76 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Crescent City. Siockflpth. 30 hours from
Crescent City. i
Bark Topgallant, Lunwaldt, 7*6 Jays from
Blakeley.
Brig Lurlin<\ McLeod, 26 days from Kahului.
Sihr Ruby A. Cousins, Knudsen. s'/4 days ;
from Grays' Harbor. , • .: »-..
SAILED.
Sunday July 9.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, Coos Bay.
mi- Genrße Loomls. Badger, Ventura.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymaa.
Stmr Santa Rosa,- Alexanden San Diego.
Bktn Ruth, Oken, KlhPl and Kahului.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen, Stewarts
Point.
Bohr J. Kpplnßer. Colstrup/Flshßoc.:.
Schr Confiana. Christensen, — -
Schr Bender Bros., Wetel.. Kowens Landing.
Schr Occidental. Brandt, Eureka. .. ,
TELEGRAPHIC. .- .
POINT LOBOS. July 9. 10 p. m.— Weather
hay; wind \V, velocity 12 miles per hour.
. SPOKEN. "
Per brlr Lurlinf — June 27. in lat SS.I4 N. lon
152.30 W, bktn Archer, from Hllo, for San
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 9— V 8 stmr Gedney,
hence July 4; I* stmr Hugh McCulloch, from
. Sailed— Stmr City of Topeka, for Dyea. .
EUREKA— Arrived July 9— Stmr Pomona,
heace July 8; schr Mary Buhne. from Santa
Barbara. Sailed— Stmr Weco.tt, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived- July 9— Stmr State of
California, hence July 7. Sailed— Bf ship Lao
mene, for Queenftown. . . .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 9— Stmr Noyo,
hence July 8. '
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE !
fe £** fe
: : -.1 THIS DAY.
MONDAY, JL'LY 10. 1599. AT 11 A. M.
At EMPORIUM SALESYARDS,
210 VALENCIA ST ,
We will sell by order of MR. REYNOLDS of
THE OAKLAND MEAT COMPANY,
Sixty head of CARRIAGE, ROAD and DRAFT
HORSES, all Cleaveland bays. This 19 th»
iinest- lot of horses that has come to this mar- •
ket for some time, and includes S or 10 nicely
matched carriage teams.
The above stock has been selected " with • th«
utmost care by Mr. Reynolds from his ranch
in Mono County. *. -'"
Horses can now be seen at the above yards.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
; ■-."■:■■•• SULLIVAN St DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Sixth St.. San Francisco.
■ OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j^ . « Steamers leave Broadway
fßfr~ wharf, San Francisco:
nsSj^R^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
3sK?Ew&s& Jul - V "■■ 10 . '•"• -°' - : '- 30 - Aura l
mTMC^^^I 4. change nt Seattle.
SrasiSK For Victoria Vancouver (B.
Bg3st«<«R»l C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
I Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
""~ 10 a. m. July 5. 19, 15, 20. 25,
80. Auctist i, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to >.. P.
Ry • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ...
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. July i,
8. 13. IS. 23, 28, August 2, and every nfth day
thereafter. \ '* _,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford <Snn Luis Obt>«po).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. Fast Sun Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31.
August 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Fort Har-
fcrd TSan Luis Oblspo). Santa Harbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. July 1. 5. 9. IS. 17. 21. 25. 29. August 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Enpenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos<» a»I
f abo Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
nnd Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves thy . right to change
without* previous notice steamers, sailing dat« 3
and hour? of snlline.
TICKKT OK KICK — New Montcomery
street (Palac* Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Act*.
in Market st.. San Fran<-i!«co.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
T-,*cr,Vl "'' K-\«-T STEAMERS TO '
PORTLAND
From Spefir-Mreet Wharf HI JO «. m.
[HOC *' 2 First Cla^-* Including Uortr\»
iHIiL 5S Second Cla*« and .Meal*.
i cii:nibla »ail» June 12: July X 12. 21.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 1 0
i: n.
*hort ;ine to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*,
Helena and all points In the Nortbweau
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, fsen»ral Agent.
530 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UM4TILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will <-cnnect at Seattle with the North Arri=rl-
-ran Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on th»
rVKON RIVER.
Through rates Quoted, through, tickets sold.
through bills of lading giv«ri.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 Mew M<-nr(mmery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO . <}»n. Agents.
10 Market st.. S.«'i "rnncisco.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME, DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamers
BERTHA and PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco between loth and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on the
Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply- to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansonie St.. San Francisco. Cal.'
—
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul July 19 St. Paul August 14
New York August 2 New York.... August 23
St. Louis August 9'St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every- Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland July 19] Westernland ...Aug. 9
Adrla July 26 Kensington — Aug. 14
Southwark ..August 2|Noordland ......Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Urannin streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Falling.
NIPPON MARK :.... Saturday. July ?
AMERICA MART' Saturday. July 21
HONGKONG MART' Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
"W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Stenm<;hii«
Sail from New Vorlc Every Saturday To:*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
€aloon PasKtjiic, JKSO and upwarJ.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $.'{•"». Other Steamers. $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. «j2."».50. Furne«la. $-4.50. Other
Strs.. <!2n.-.0.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agent*. 7 Bowline Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery St..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R. RITTTIIF. 1 New Montgomery St..
PAN' FRANCISCO
ifaSlliL Wednesday. July 12.
jPHnlll Ai. -kla-.M for Sydney
y^^^_^^ W.-lnosdiiy. July 12.
Ta^^l "A ° rhp P- m - Auetnai*
>fMniMlinJ The S. S. Australia
GHCdllljlllj/.- sails for Honolulu
fOfFIRBPtI- Wednesday. July 2«.
VylllUUUq at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round trie World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suet.
England, etc.; $r.IO first class.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. FreichtOitlco.327 Market St.
COMPAONI3 GENERATE TRANBATLANTIQCZ.
DIRECT LINK to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <fft>Xg
from Pier 42, North River, foot of "—"• "l""
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE July 15 LA
BRETAGNE. July 22: LA GASCOGN E. July 29:
LA TOURAINE. August ..: LA CHAMPAGNE.
August 12. First-class to Havre. $«.". and upward.
5 rTer c.-«nt reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre. $4:,. 10 per cent reduction on
round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOX
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. 3. F»FLGAZJ
6 CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Frnnclsco.
•BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN ..'M
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 5 a. m.
dally, returnine from Stockton at « p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. to.
dally »exceptin»f Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SOS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed. Thurs. and Sat. at D:«
a. m.. *:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thur». night): - rl-
aaye. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p m. Landing nnd office. Mission street Doc*,
pier No. i. Telephone Main 1508. ' -
FARE ...* « • »•»
910
TWO BOYS SHOT
IN THEIR CAMP
AT WARDS
Joe Loesh Held the 1
Weapon.
THOUGHT IT WASN'T LOADED
■ ♦
BERNARD KILLIAN MAY DIE
FROM HIS WOUNDS.
John Gallagher Will Probably Lose ]
an Eye All Parties Concerned
Say the Shooting Was
Accidental. ;
i
♦
Two. groups of boys and a sun they ;
"didn't know was loaded" formed a com- j
Mnation near Hay wards yesterday muni- i
ing, which may result fatally. One of i
ilie lad is wounded "almost beyond hope,
of recovery, another may lose the sight, ut j
an eye and a third is a "prisoner in thej
Alameda County Jail.
Bernard and James Killi..?; an.l John :
Gallagher went to a canyon near Hay- !
wards several days aj:o to camp. Kariy j
yesterday morning Joseph L*Jesh and two ;
companions went to the camp to join the ,
others for a day's sport. They found i
them in the tent lying on the ground
wrapped in blankets. I<oesh took a sun
out of the tent and was handling it,, not j
Knowing it was loaded: It suddenly ex- j
plodedj the charge going through i lie can
vas and striking? two of the lads inside.] ;
.The elder Kiliun was struck on th« fore- I
head and the top of his head was blown
■off. Gallagher was lot in the eye. Jim ; .
Killian wati not injured.
The two victims of the accident were- ;
taken to the County Infirmary anil iater ; ;
Gallagher v. as s. m home. JvililKii was j
unconscious; and the doctors at once said
that death must follow in a short time.
Joseph JLoesh was arrested and taken to
The jail in Oakland to await develop
ments, t :
•■We are old friends," said Loesh at the
.iail. "and have known each other a long ;
time. Jimmie and Bernie Killian and John .
Gallagher have been camping there some
time, ami last night 1 went out with Wil- |
lie Wright and jack Rodgers to have a ■
day's fun. We arrived at their tent, a lew i
miles from wards, about half-pi 6
o'clock this morning^ and found the three •
boys in bed. We joshed them a few min
ute-; about b<>ing in bed SI ■ late, and men ;
i a*ke.i Bernara it" he would lend me ins •
gun. so that we could go off and have
a few shots.
"He said he would, anu 1 found two ] ■
L-tins on a box in a corner of the tent. He I
told me that the left trigger was broken;
and that he had lost sumo good shots bo- :
cause of it. He said that the other trigger
was in good shape and that it did goou ',
, I
"Noi 1 1 iii i^ \v « t s siii'i li-iMHii, it i) in#-, i<jn. ( i -
ed or unloaded, and 1 took it outside the
tent to examine it. i saw it was useless
to try to do anything with the left trig- .
ger, "and then 1 examined the right one.
The- gi:n is a breech-loader and 1 had no I
idea that there were any shells in it. ;
"The three boys were lying on blankets
inside the tent, nut the nap was closed so .
that we could not see each other. \\ c I
continued to talk about the gun; and white {
I was handling the good trigger the gun ;
went off. i thought it was unloaded and
did not know it was not till the shell ex- '
"The shut went through the canvas and
instantly there was a yell inside. V. c,
•who were outside, could not see what the
shots had struck; but a few seconds later
Gallagher ran out with his hand over hi?
eve from which htood was pouring.
Jimmie lian also ran out and said that
Bernie was led.
■■I almost fainted with excitement at :
the thought of what i had done, ami i
looking in the tent saw that the top of |
Bernie's head was one mass of blood. He i
could not answer me when 1 spoke; and
1 did not know for a few minutes hat I
■was doing. All I remember was that I
feared I had killed my friend. We rushed
for help as soon as we were able.
"Gallagher could Ik, and he told me
lie was ouite sure that it was all acci
dental.V
The shot struck Killian square li in->i
middle of the forehead and tore off th° ]
top of hi? head. Gallagher will probably i
lose his eye. although the shots may have j
.hit him high enough to save it.
When the infirmary doctors said ihnt |
they feared Killian would die Marshal |
Harhage arrested Loesh. but he has a&- |
Mired him that the shooting was an ai - i
Dr. Clark examined the wounded lad at
the County Infirmary and at once <=:iid
that young Killian had not one chance in i
a thousand to recover. There was a piece
of the scalp as large as the hand blown i
off ami a hole in the skull about the size j
of a half-dollar, through which the brain i
matter protruded.
John Gallagher was suffering from a :
t=evero wound in the left eye. Whet
or not the accident will cost him the si_ h'
of the eye cannot yet be determined.
After his wound had been dressed he was
able to be moved to his home; 836 Tele
graph avenue, Oakland, where his father,
N. Gallagher, conducts a grocery store.
Drs. Hamlin and Brlnkerhoff wore imme
diately summoned to attend 'him. but
found the wound so much inflamed that
it will bo several days perhaps before the
true extent of his injury can be ascer
tained. Hi is 17 years of aßO— about na i
old as his companions. He views the .sari ]
nffair as purely accidental, as do his com- |
panions.
LOOTED A CIGAR STORE.
Four Boy Burglars Arrested on Broad
way at an Early Hour in
the Morning.
Four boy burglars were caught ■ bout 3
o'clock yesterday morning by Policemen
Grunwald md Fell looting a cigar store
nt 31S Broad Their names, are John
Martin. T."> years ■.■.'. Leoni, 12;
Frank Major. 16; ami Edward Scheele. If:.
The officers were attracted by a li^-.ir
in th( store and discovered the four
youngsters parking cigars anil tobacco in
■ a bag. A glass cutter; which they had
used to gain an entrance, and SO'.t cigars
were booked as evidence ngainst them.
« ♦■ ■
Trunks moved. i.'<r; freight .ransferred. Sls
na! Transfer Co.. £30 Jones: te!. Sutter 441.
ANOTHER SMALL BOY THAT DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS LOADED.
SUMMERY CROWDS ENJOY THE
BEAUTIES OF AN IDEAL DAY
Park and Beach
Hold Half a
City.
Ocean Breezes for the
Workaday Mul
titude.
AX ideal day for pleasuri
. rdii I of the vast
! the park
and esterday. that crowd
ed t i.,. chut - :- ; to thegates and
splashed and choked in the briny wa
ters of Sutro's Baths. LTnlike the riog
days -'. the breezes that
i ami : ': from ihe o< can did not
h, nor di I url the
ity. It was a daj
for pleasure. The busy city's weekly
battle for gold and fame was forgot
■ ■■■ is a re
li< f to thousands.
At th" park it was the day of the
. . , \ . ,: , ■ band stai
enpoying th ' Verdi, swinging
to the harmonii p of ■'■ -■ or tap
ping tin ir feet in time with the
marches of Sousa. From pony carts to
: he drive moved into
rk shortl} after noon and the
many cd to rind from the
all of :li" fortunate "in
with themselves and
thi world. in the children's play
ground all w Prattling babies,
TELEPHONED THE
CORONER BEFORE
DEATH OCCURRED
Scheming Methods of
Steward Cohen.
Steward Cohen of the Receiving Hos- ■
pital evidently intends not to overlook a|
chance to add to his perquisites; even at i
the risk of losing the position. Saturday •
afternoon a well-dressed . middle-aged ,
man. giving his name as George Nicnol- ;
son. was taken to the hospital suffering ;
from an overindulgence In liquors. He i
was placed in the male ward, and ai his ;
condition became serious Assistant Police I
Surgeon Dray did all in hi? power to save
■ :.•■ man's life.
During the evening Nicholson, who is I
1
THE SAN FKAjNTOISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 10, 1599.
toddling children and overgrown youths,
whose fond mothe rs still direct their
wanderings by their apron strings, all
mingled. They rode the donkeys,
twisted the poles, fell out of the
swings and toppled from the moving
horses with usual childish regularity,
hut non< sustained injury.
At the beach children, ranging from
3 to 60 years of age. splashed in the
br< akers. lovers of nature were in rap
nd spring poets perched on the
sand dunes and wrote of wasting camp
fires, tattered ensigns and nameless
c far across the blue before
them, in the Philippines?. Loud
- irching rn
chiladas and hut waffles, while the
■ : : .-. ! howled for iced dainties,
b< er a nd i racked '-rah.
At the Chutes they tweaked the tall
of the new kangaroo, shot the line
and enjoyed the vaudeville. The tale
of ihe bath - is alreadj told.
Only "ii" accident, so far as is
known, occurred during the entire 'lay.
F\ Brown, who resides ai M- Connecti
cut street, R<">t underneath a sprinkling
cart with his bicycle and the cart
said to be well connected, became uncon
scious, and it was given out that he could
not possibly recover. On learning tnat
the surgeons at the hospital regarded the
case as being beyond medical assisstance
the enterprising steward telephoned to
Coroner Hill, who lives only a short dis
tance from the hospital, and told him he
had some important information to im
part to him.
Hill Immediately repaired to the hos
pital and walking into the operating
room asked who had telephoned to him.
Cohen did not recognize the Coroner, and
proceeded to ask him his business.
"1 am the Coroner." remarked Hill, dis
playing his gold badge. "I believe-".
••That's all right," Interrupted Cohen.
■'!.•- 1 us adjourn to a private room and
The thrifty steward then led Hill into
the main office of the hospital, and after
satisfying himself that nobody was lis
tening proceeded to unburden himself.
••There Is a fellow in re," remarked
Cohen, "who is all but out. He's a dead
one so the doctors say. and his relatives
ri.mt want him sent to the Morgue. Are
you next? There is a piece of money in
it for me. and i need it in my business.
I want your permission to have the body
sent to .ii, undertaking parlor, and that
i- the reason 1 telephoned to you."
Although shocked by Cohen'? startling
request Hill told him in case Nicholson
died it would not be necessary to send
his body to the Morgue.
"You're a dead game sport, remarked
Cohen. "1 knew that you were next to
Fun at Chutes
and Sutro
Baths.
McKinley Turns Up His
Flippers on the
Rocks.
wrecked the wheel. Brown escaped
with h slight contusion of the right
The results of the various contests
at the baths were as follows:
Fifty-yard dash— X. Ridlng.'ftrst; H.
Seebach, second.
One hundred-yard dash— C. Donovan,
firs' ; .1. I. (Ird. second.
One hundred yard amateur — G. Wal
!ii •■ . first : 11. Seebach. second.
One hundred-yard tub race— J. Laird,
first; C. Augustus, second.
Trick and fancy springboard diving—
,F. Laird, first: C. Augustus, second.
High diving for boys t*. Augustus,
fii s - ; S. Ra Isti in, b< cond.
A brief obituarj closes the story of
yesterday. Major McKinley, the giant
sea lion, supposed to have been shot
by vagrant fishermen, died at his
home on the seal rocks. Major Mc-
Kinley wa< noted for his salmon-eat
ing propensities, as well as the grat
iiiEr sound "f his siren voice, it is
thought that he leaves a large family
..in on the rocks, as well as many
linted beings who had expressed
a wisn to see him before h<^ died, hut
:• seems thai he failed to consider
their wishes and turned up his nippers
when ho got ready. His features will
be preserved with tan bark.
yourself."
Hill lefl the hospital in disgust, and as
he walked away he remarked to a I
that he intended to rail tho attention of
the Board of Health to Cohen's disgrace
ful conduct. It is not likely that the
HiliruiliiK steward will succeed in enrich
ing himself at the expense of the unfor
tunate Nicholson. Yesterday the sick
man's condition was mm-h improved, and
Dr. Dray stated thai he would recover.
Cohen was appointed steward of the
hospital bj Dan Burns. He formerly
worked :is a nl;imh»-r.
ENEMIES OF THE NYMPHIA.
Residents of North Beach to Hold a
Mass-Meeting to Protest Against
the Hotel of Vice.
To-morrow night the residents of the '
■ Northern District will hold a mass-meet
ing in Washington Square Hall for the
purpose of denouncing the Nymphia, and
with a view to having the hotel of vice
suppressed. The meeting will.be address
ed by clergymen and laymen of the dis
trict. An earnest appeal has been made j
to citizens '•> attend the meeting and pro
', test against the alleged Infamous spot.
Every effort was made by Father T. Oar-
I aher of St. Francis.' and Rev.Dr. limy of
; the Methodist Episcopal churches to pre
] vent the opening of the hotel, but their '
efforts were futile. They . did succeed.
j however. lii having that portion of the
1 building which Is to be used for the dis
pensing of liquors closed, and are work
ing hard to have the whole place served
in the same way. The projectors of the
Nymphia scheme have applied for a
liquor license, hut as«yet have not secured
it.
The Police Commissioners visited the
resort last Wednesday night and thor
oughly Inspected the place and they will
probably consider the advisability or issu- I
ing a license at their meeting Wednesday |
night. The mass-meeting to-morrow even-
Ing promises to be a warm one. Con
demnatory speeches will be delivered and
resolutions will in nil probability be
adopted and sent to the Police Commis
sioners and other municipal bodies.
. ♦ .
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches, ]
i ready for framing
— ■ m »
SEVENTH ANNUAL OUTING.
The Hannoveraner Verein Makes
Merry at. Shell Mound Park.
The Hannoveraner Verein held it.-< sev
enth annua! outing yesterday at Sh> :1
Mound Park- The <iay wa? an Ideal one,
and there w;i«= a )nm>' crowd In attend
ance to enjoy the :-port. President Fred
Kpgnrlins: of the verein characterised the
outing as one of the most successful ever
held by the sooietay. The committee In
c-harpe of the prizes kept tho raffle,
wheel merrily spinning, and many beau
tiful and us. -fill presents were disposed of
by this means. An excellent hand was in
attpndaiv-e, and every, one enjoyed the
danoinpr. whirh was kept up continually.
Both the young and old indulged in the
games that were provided for their
amusement. A great many mernhprs of
the verein did not gn over until late in
the afternoon.
The day passed off pleasantly, and the
festivities were kept up until a late hour,
when the orowd returned home tired but
happy.
A DEMAND FOR
PROPER FIRE
PROTECTION
; Many Citizens Go on
Record.
— . —
HOUSEHOLDERS TAKE ACTION
A COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE
SUPERVISORS.
* ■
Badly Alarmed Residents of Several
City Districts Hold Meetings
and Discuss the
Matter.
Columbia Hall. Page and Stanyan
streets, yesterday afternoon held a large 1
body of householders, who met to pro
test against the action of the Board of
I Supervisors in cutting down the appro
: priation of the Fire Department. The re
' duction made by the. hoard in this appro
priation will leave no fire company west
of Devisadero street. This will place at
the mercy of the flames the Ashbury
■ Heights and Panhandle districts. as well
as all the territory which is rapidly set
tling up toward the ocean. The gathering
consisted entirely of the property hold-
I ers of the district. Every speaker, while
! : advocating the maintenance of the pr<==
, ' ent strength of the Fire Department, put
■ himself on record as In favor of holding
! ; the Supervisors strictly to the dollar limit.
Ben I. Salomon acted as chairman and
•George W. Dixon as secretary. Speeches
I were made by Augustus Ttlden. Judcre
, i William 1,. Pierce, William J. Langstaff,
• George W. Dixon, M. 1.. Kirchner, i r.
: C. D. Salfield and others. The remarks
; : of Albert Houston were enthusiastically
1 received and seemed to. voice the senti
: ment of the meeting. He said in conclud
ing: "The appropriation of $125,000 for St.
' ! Mary's square can be curtailed, supplies
, to the city can be reduced and expenses
; : cut down in other departments, but there
is no reason for impairing the efficiency
of our Fire Department. and ( firmly be
;| liev« in holding the Supervisors to the
dollar limit." , .
Resolutions advocating the breaking 1
over of the dollar limit if necessary were
referred to a committee and tabled by ft.
I!, committee, which consisted of Dr.
C. D. Salfield. C. L. Crittenden. R. D.
Cranston. W. J. Langstaff and A. Tilden.
then reported the following resolution,
j which was unanimously adopted:
Resolved That we view with alarm the
proposition to <lif=han<l any of the fir" com
panies anil Wf sincerely protest against any
I such action and trust that your honorable
tioard will do your utmost to find ways and
means to keep up the present efficiency of the
Fire 1 >epartment.
The following were appointed to urge
the matter on the Board of Supervisors
at its meeting to-day: Albert Houston,
C D Salfield, D. T. Driscoll. l,ouis Hel
; tils William Kirchner, R. D. Cranston.
A J. Eaton, 1-. C. Breffield. William-
Quinn, A. Everhardt; C. U. Lowery; W. J.
l/angstaff. C. 8. Crittenden, George W.
Dixon and Ben I. Salomon.
RICHMOND UP IN ARMS.
_ —
Property Owners Protest Against the
Removal of Their Only Fire
Engine.
A rousing meeting of the residents of
the Richmond district was held last even
ing in Richmond Hall, at the corner of
Fourth avenue and Clement street, to pro
test against the cutting down of the an
nual appropriation for th»» Fire Depart
ment.
George R. Fletcher, president of the.
Point l.obos Improvement Club, presided
and William P. Thompson acted as secre
tary. In a brief address outlining the
object of the gathering Fletcher declared
that he had been informed by the pres
ident of the Board of Fire Commission
ers on Friday that as a result of the
action of the Supervisors the department
would have to get along less seventeen
fire companies, trucks, chemicals, etc.,
and '.hat among the number to be dis
pensed with was Engine Company No. 26,
which constitutes Richmond's sole pro
tection against fire. If this was done, the
speaker declared, the Insurance companies
would at once cancel their contracts and
double their rates. He urged that under
the circumstances the Supervisors be peti
tioned to Increase the appropriation for
the Fire Department. He defended the
action of the Supervisors In cutting down
the appropriation as they were only striv
ing to live up to their pledges, but lie
contended that in the present Instance the
people could afford to ask them to disre
gard the dollar limit. ™..,i-
John J. Cassidy. James H. Dever. Phillip
.1 Ward, J. E. Owens and George Lake
spoke along the same lines, and Mr.
(.•wens offered the following resolutions,
which were adopted with a whoop:
Whereas, Owing to the honorable the Board
of Supervisors carrying out of the pledge «
acted of them by the people at the last elec
tion to conduct the city on the dollar limit: ami
Whereas, In the currying out of this pledge
it has reduced the appropriation for the main
tenance of the Fire Department to such an
extent that it has virtually crippled this most
needed and necessary department; an.l
Whereas In the conducting of tins depart
ment upon the appropriation allowed them by
the Board of Supervisors, in the carrying out
of this said dollar limit, the Board or Fire
Commissioners has found it a necessity to abol
ish engine company No. 26, among other tire
companies; and
Whereas By the abolition of engine company
No 26 it would deprive this, the Richmond
'District of any and all Ore protection, there
by leaving this large and growing district en
tirely to the mercy of a conflagration; there-
f Mrt i i .<■• it That we. the residents and tax-
Rrsolved That \vp thf resident! nu<l tax
navers of' the Richmond District, in mass
meeting assembled, do petition the honorable
the Board of Supervisor* to reconsider the
pledge taken by them regarding the dollar
limit in so far as the I-'ire Department is con
cerned and we ask that they will add ■ suffi
cient amount to the tax levy that the needs of
the Fire Department require, bo as to Insure to
the people that protection ngalnsl this grim
destroyer, fire.
Mr Cassidy moved that a committee
of five be appointed by the chair to seek
the support of the Merchants' Associa
tion and appear before the Supervisors
this afternoon to urge the necessity of a
reconsideration of the appropriation for
the Kire Department. The motion was
adopt and the chair named the follow
ing- ,) J. Cassidy. Ed Ginley. Phillip J.
Ward J. K. Owens and 1- G. McMullen.
It was suggested by Mr. Dover that a
committee of twenty be appointed to act
in conjunction with the committee of five i
when the descent was made upon the
Supervisors to show them that the peo- ',
ple of the Richmond district were a unit j
in demanding protection from fire. This
suggestion was Improved upon by the.
chair appointing everybody present a
committee to wait upon the Supervisors.
Fully a hundred announced their inten
tion of Joining the army of petitioners
which will march to the City Hall to-day.
The famous old JESSB MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by phypicians for family and
medicinal use because Ji is pure.
]Leg Broken by a Kick.
Robert Hamilton, who resides at 340
Vallejo street. Is suffering from a broken
leg and a badly bruised countenance as ■
a result of ii quarrel with two unknown
men yesterday. Accompanied by a grey
hound and a friend named Pat Russell,
be went to Fishermen's wharf yesterday
to Rive the dog a swim. While the dog
was sporting In the. water two unknown
boatmen rowed by and took umbrage at
the alleged 111-treatment being accorded
the animal. One •<( the men threatened
to lick Hamilton and came on the wharf
with that purpose in view. Hamilton
floored him. out received a kick from the
unknown which broke his leg. Hamilton
was. removed to the hospital for treat
ment.
—« ♦ «
Trunks, valises., traveling rolls, purses.
Rest goods, best values, at Sanborn &
Vails. /;*.•■
The Dose Was Fatal.
Lewis Peterson, a blacksmith who swal
lowed a dose of muriatic acid In a saloon
at Tenth and Harrison streets Saturday
night, died yesterday afternoon at the
Receiving Hospital. The body was re
moved to the Morgue. Peterson lived at
225Va Sixth street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^~~—
July Sales
Black Crepons !
During the past week we re-
ceived 2 cases BLACK ENGLISH
MOHAIR CREPONS. These goods
were delayed in transit and will
now be offered at less than cost
of importation.
$*■* Aft One case (50 dress
1^.111? I patterns) Black
»■ English Mohair
*~* Crepons. lOdiffer-
DreSS Pattern. ent designs, worth
$j^V fii\ One case 75 dress
patterns) Black
&*¥ English Mohair
Crepons, 15di.ffer-
Dress Pattern. ent de F si % |^ od
II1O» lauuu. value for $12.50. .
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. '
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
DAIRYMEN ME
IMPOSED UPON
BY A FRAUD
Charles A. Bennett Is
Arrested.
Charles A. Bennett, whose swindling op- 1
erations among dairymen in Gilroy were
published exclusively In The Call of June
2S was arrested yesterday morning by
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham and
taken to the City Prison. The Gilroy au
thorities were promptly notified and in the
afternoon Constable John E. White ar
rived and left with the prisoner.
Bennett lived with his wife at 4124 ,
Eighteenth street, where a truck load of
the cheese? he had obtained from dairy
men had been stored. He was careful
not to show himself on the street, as he
knew thai M. McCurrie. assistant secre
tary of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, whose father-in-law
was one of the victims, knew him and
would arrest him on sight
Yesterday morning McCurrie and the
two detectives went to the house, but
could not get admittance. They sent a |
boy to the house with a message that :
Bennett was wanted at the telephone in |
a store on the corner. He "•bit." and \
as soon as he made his appearance he ,
wns placed under arrest. He protested,
but when he saw the warrant sworn to
by H Brem, one of his victims, he weak
ened and accompanied them to the prison. j
Bennett is under the impression that j
because he we.nt Into Insolvency he can
not be prosecuted criminally, but the j
warrant for his arrest was sworn out on I
July 3 three days before he filed his in
solvency papers. His liabilities are given
as $2599 and his assets nil.
Bennett went among the dairymen rep
resenting that he was manager for the
Western Dairymen's Exchange, 22* Clay |
street, and pot consignments of dairy
produce on that representation. It was
discovered that the. Western Dairymen"*
Exchange was a myth ami that Bennett
had merely the privilege of having his |
mail sent there. The place Is occupied |
by 1 tollman & Co.
Among his victims are. besides R. I
Brem. who swore, out the warrant. George
Schr. pfer. Carlen Willson. R. Eschen- 1
burn and others. Eschenhurg was the j
hrst to discover the fraud, and he came ;
to this city, found out Bennett and after .
considerable trouble succeeded in obtain
ing his money.
Thirty-six foreign vessels, having: an j
aggregate tonnage of 57,556. met with :
disaster in American waters last year.
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp A Street. tamalt» Grotti: niehtly *
ONE WEEK r^ gi
free 3b i
Treatment and Medicine S^sks
4 FOR
Catarrh Deafness, l|!/p
! NOISES IN THE EARS £S=^*
AND THROAT DISEASES <5E?> //51
; given to show th» superior §J^*v/^ 'THL .
I merit of my new invention sisssS' ijbß -
and ANTISEPTIC treatment: W^ fcSfflf
that grlvea many marvelous §!& /o^SB
i cures and so easy a child M x^.^ "'SE^SH :
; can use it. In 1200 test cases «
all "'ATARRHAL. patients re- gi lHßf>
: lieved and SO per o-»nt Deaf- Ra^J^^a^-^ i
! ness cured. Rest of references v-^.'k'y'TWiffC- s5< *^ I
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best is
to try It and be convinced wh!> you can.
! FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
I Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
682 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
- J^ur*ra-il Ax .it. i .i-i.and 7.-4.P. iL.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
CO
If you trade here you will be ben©-
" fited by the food you eat
We advertise what we have plenty of
— not job lots nor goods of question-
able merit
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Whiskey— o b&cq 3bots2 00
O X bourbon gallon 3 00
The quality never varies, only
the price occasionally -
reg'ly $1 bottle— gallon $4
Coffee— Kona 2 lbs 45c
Extra fancy direct from the Hawaiian
Islands— roasted at Pine Street store
reg'ly 25c lb
C_.,_._ Franco __
dOUpS American pts 3 for 50c
qts 30c— doz $3 50
used extenstvely in the army and
nayy — handy for camping — good
anywhere
Stuffed olives large bottle 45c
Bottled by Teyssonneau at Bordeaux
France. Spanish Queen olives stuf-
fed with anchovies in olive oil
reg'ly 50c here
Flavoring extracts 1
ft Rd- Aged vanilla Zoz 20
in glass unusual peach I 6oz 40
strength and fine lemon \  „ on
flavor almond 2oz v
reg'ly 25c 40c , 6 oz 30
and 50c bottle I
Cocktails— Early tfc Often hot 75c
Ready for immediate use— s flavors
The ingredients used are A No 1
quality throughout— reg'ly $1
Toilet Soaps— American bx 3 ck 20c
Different brands all by reliable
makers— reg'ly 25c
Lemons d»z 20c
Large, thin skin— reg'ly 25c
Toilet Paper— Belvidere doz $110
1000 sheets— popularized through
these special sales— reg'ly 1 50
Sardines— Lazeran medium 20c
The finest quality of bone-
less fish imported large 25c
reg'ly 25c and 30c can
Window screens— 20c & 30c
reg'ly 25c and 35c
small 17 in. high 22 In. closed 33 In. open
large 24 " i« "' 37 ••
Bouillon capsules bx of 1 2 25c
Condensed extract of beef— Raffauf 's
formerly 35c tin
Candy— French Mixed lb 30c
You can select the kinds you prefer
here. Large assortment— fresh
stock— reg'ly 35c lb
Dentifrice : 2 tubes 25c
Dr Sheffield's— effective but not
. injurious
Fly paper— K™ir 8 box3oc
containing 25 sheets— reg'ly 40c
We are shipping extensively to the
country now— would be pleased to add
your name to our list of. out of town
customers. Little orders are no trouble
to us but a pleasure to fill
4}» Pine 2ij Gutter 3800 California San Franelsc*
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth OaklanA