VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 79.
WELLMAN DISCOVERS NEW
LANDS AND MANY ISLANDS
After Thrilling Adventures the Surviving Members of
the Polar Expedition Return to Norway*
Death and Disaster Overtake Some of the Intrepid Explorers in
Franz Josef Land and Their Leader Is Crippled,
Probably for Life*
TROMSOE. ISLAND OF !
TROMSOE, NORWAY,
A ... » — . \^"_l*. AT* 11 I
Aug. 17. — Walter \\ ellman
and the survivors of the polar
expedition led by him arrived
here this evening on the steamer
Capella, having successfully com
pleted their explorations in
Franz Josef Land.
Mr. Wellman has discovered
important new lands and many
The expedition brings a grii
•an Arctic tragedy. In
autumn of 1898 an outpost
called Fort McKinley was estab
lished in latitude 81. It was
house built of rocks and roofed
r with walrus hide. Two Xor
5, Paul Bj<)rvig and Bert
• tzen, the latter of whom was
with Xansen on the Fram. re
there.
The main party wintered in a
- - coveredj hut called
orth House, at Cape
I thoff, on the southern point
Halls Island, latitude 80.
■ the middle of February.
sun.to its
■or height, Mr. Wfillman,
three X 2 ms and forty
_ - - ! north.; It was
5] '..-• journey on
record in tha: ■■.
On reaching Fort McKinley
Mr. VVellm&h found Bentzen :
I, but Bjoivvig, according" to
. ■ • the body in
the house, sleeping beside it
through two months of Arctic
darkness. Notwithstanding his
terrible experience, the survivor
safe and cheerful.
ing northward through
gfh ice and severe .storms, with
a continuous temperature of ten
days between 40 and 50 degrees
below zero, the party found new
lands north of Freedom Isl
and, where Nansen landed in
By the middle of March all
hands were confident of read
latitu -~ ir ,88, if not the pole
Then began a succession of
Mr. Wellman. while
leading the party, fell mi
ivered crevasse, seriously
injuring one of hi n6 com
pelling a retreat. Two days later
the party was aroused at mid
night by an icequake under them,
sure. In a few mo
ments many d< >gs were crushed
and the -ledges destroyed. The
members of the expedition nar
rowly escaped with their lives,
ugh they managed to save
their precious sleeping bags and
and pro-.
On Mr. VVejUman's condition
becoming alarming, inflamma
tion having set in. the bravje Nor
wegians dragged him on a sledge
by forced marches nearly 200
miles to headquarters, arriving
there early last April.
Mr. Wellm;: -■ unabl:e..,to
■ . and will probably, b.e per
manently cripple ■■'..
After reaching headquarters.
other members of the expedition
explored regions hitherto un
known, and important scientific
work was done by Lieutenant
Evelyn B; Baldwin of the United
tes Weather Bureau: Dr. Ed
ward Hoffman ot Grand Haven,
Mich., and A. Ilarlan of the
United State* Coast Survey.
The expedition killed fourteen
bear? and many walruses.
The Capella arrived at Cape
Tegethot in search of the expe
dition on July 27 last. On
August 9 she met the Stella
Polar, bearing the expedition
The San Francisco Call
WALTER YvELL.MAN, THE ARCTIC EXPLORER.
[leaded by Prince Luigi, Duke ot
Abruzzi. which had sailed from
Archangel to reconnoiter the
northwest of Franz Josef Land
and to meet if possible the Well
man expedition.
Mr. Wellman and his com
panions found no trace in. Franz
]'<-ci Land of the missing
aeronaut. Professor Andree.
TO BRING HOME THE
NEBRASKA VOLUNTEERS
Governor Poynter Trying to Make a
Deal With the Transporta
tion Companies.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Aug. 17.— Governor
P > r:ter has made a proposition to
railroads of Nebraska with San Fran
cisco connections to transport the First
Nebraska Regiment home at State ex
. the railroads to wait for the
bulk <>f thp pay until the next Legis
lature mak^s an appropriation which
hf w ill recommend.
Tho Governor will tender the sum of
110,000 at once, the amount raised by
the Lincoln Journal. Omaha World-
H. raid. Beatrice Express and Nebras
ka <'ity News. No answer has yet been
■'rom the railroad companies.
It will require nearly $35,000 to trans
port the regiment.
POISONED BY LEMONADE
Two Hundred Cases, But None Result I
Fatally.
ROCKFORD. Aug. 17.— Two hundred
people were poisoned at Oregon. 111.. :
to-day by lemonade which they drank
at a picnic. As yet no fatalities have
btf-n leported.
The picnic . was the annual celebra- j
tion of the Modern Woodmen of Amer
ica and was attended by 2000 people.
The poisoning is supposed to have been
the result of citric acid in the lemon
ade sold at one of the stands. The i
S3dreT cases are of small i
children, d "
t Gun Team and Detachment of a Battery of the British Horse Artillery Just Ordered
to South Africa.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1599.
BOERS ARE
SPARRING
FOR TIME
An Apparent Surrender to
British Demands Received
With Caution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. IS.— The Johannes
burp c '->rrespondent of the Daily
Mails says: "I learn that, instead
of replying to the proposal of Mr.
'hamberlain to refer the fran
chise controversy to a joint commission
of inquiry, the Transvaal Government
will intimate its willingness to grant a
five-year simple franchise, retfospect
ivo and unclogged by restrictions, and
that the representation of the gold
fields will be extended to one-fourth of
the Yolksraad. thus exceeding the fifth
demanded by Sir Altred Milner an<!
rendering an inquiry into the present
franchise law unnecessary. Nothing:
will be demanded in return for these
concessions, :>ut a suggestion will be
made that the imperial 'lovernment
Should grant something reciprocal.
"The apparent surrender must, bow
ever, be received with caution. Unless
the new laws are properly secured l>y
effectual guarantees, they may only be
intended to grant the shadow of re
forms with the object of gaining time
and placing Great Britain at a dis
advantage."
LONDON, Aug. IS.— The correspond
ents of the Times and the Standard at
Johannesburg confirm the statement of
thf correspondent of the- Daily Mail, as
serting that the new scheme for the
Transvaal executive is said t<-> be the
result of deliberations between Pr>
toria, Bloemfontein and the African
politicians at Cape Town.
The Johannesburg correspondent of
GUNS FOR
THE YAQUIS
INTERCEPTED
Mexican Warship Reported
to Have Captured a San
Francisco Vessel.
FIGHT WfflF TROOPS
In an Encounter Near Vicam the
Horse Ridden by General
Torres Is Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GQAYMAS, Mexico, Aug.
17. — The gunboat Demo
crata left port on Tues
day, and a rumor was started that
it went to intercept a vessel from
San Francisco earning Gatling
guns, rifles and ammunition to
the Yaquis. The gunboat has not
returned, but rumor says that it
has captured the filibuster.
Guaymas is full of Yaquis
working at all sorts of occupa
tions. Several sloops laden with
produce and manned by Yaquis
arrived yesterday from the river.
They report that when the troops
reached Yicam on Friday the
town was deserted and no fighc
took place.
A body of Indians met the
troops on the march toward the
town and held them in check un
til the Yaquis had left the town,
and then they disappeared in the
woods. The main body of the
Indians, including women and
children, crossed on a raft to the
north bank of the river, made a
detour behind the troops and
escaped to the mountains.
The Yaqui Indians' loss in the
skirmish was three. The horse
under General Torres was shot.
The remainder of the cam
paign will probably consist of
scouting in the mountains on the
part of the troops and raids on
the Guaymas Valley ranches by
the Indians.
0 ♦ » ♦ »-»-♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦'♦•♦»
the Morning Post says: It is stated on
all hands that the Boers in the outside
districts are threatening that in the
event of war tkey will murder all the
Englishmen and outrage their women.
The burghers in the Krugersdnrp
were warned yesterday to be ready to
take the field at a moment's notice.
GROCERS TRY TO FIX
THE PROFITS ON SUGAR
Coxnmittee of Wholesalers' Associa
tion Confers With Refiners in
New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— A committee
representing the National Wholesale
Grocers' Association is in the city f • >r
the purpose of getting refiners to devise
Borne plan of enforcing the factor
agreement. The members called at the
offices of the independent refiners to
day and conferred with the managers
of those concerns in regard to th
nation. The most important visit, how
ever, was to Arbuckle brothers, the
chief competitors of the American Su
gar Refining Company. The result of
the conference was not made public.
The committee also had a conference
with representatives of the American
Sugar Refining Company. It was inti
mated to the members that the com
pany was in accord with the effort to
keep up and enforce the factor plan,
but the grocers themselves must be
looked to to enforce the agreement.
Under this agreement grocers who sell
on the agreed price are assured of a
profit of about one-sixteenth cent per
pound.
COLONEL HENRY'S WIDOW .
CALLS BERTULUS A JUDAS
An Arraignment of the Magistrate Who Is a Firm
Believer in the Innocence of Dreyfus*
Picquart Also Testifies in Behalf of the Former Prisoner of Devils
Island, While General Roget Reiterates His Belief in
Copyrighted, I 8», by the Associated Press.
RENNES, Aug. 18.— The
trial by court-martial of
Captain Dreyfus was re
sumed at y.2-, this morning with
! out incident. Colonel Picquart
continuing his testimony. He
spoke in the same loud, fearless
! tone and commenced by declar
ing that he thought it necessary
to reply to General Roget's verit
able arraignment of him. Gen
; eral Zurlinden, General Billot,
; General Roget and General Mer
rier were present. General Roget
lat the outset of Colonel Pic
quart's remarks interposed and
said he would reply to them.
. Colonel Picquart proceeded to
discuss the secret dossier as the
, mainspring of the condemnation
of Dreyfus. He took up the con
sideration of the documents sue
: cessively. referring to the writers
and persons addressed as "A"
and "B." occasionally treating of
the "Cette canaille de D "
': document.
RENNES. Aug. 17.— M. Roget, M.
Bertulus. the investigating mag
istrate; the widow of the late
Lieutenant Colonel Henry and
Colonel Picquart were on the
: stand to-day.
Mme. Henry, after M. Bertulus had
j deposed, asked leave to speak. She
• stood up in a stagy manner, raised
; her left hand and said: "I ask to be
heard. ' She wanted to contradict what
M. Bertulus had said regarding the
I friendship of her husband and Ester
hazy. She would be a handsome woman
' did not the vulgarity of the drinking
i house she originally came from cling
.to her. Subaltern officers revolve
around her. but Mercier and the other
1 officers among whom she sits seem
embarrassed by her presence. What
she said was a tirade learned by heart
1 and scarcely evidence. It, however,
! was not wide of some points that It
i Bertulus brought out. She wanted to
show that M. Bertulus could not pos
sibly have wrung an avowal from
Henry that he and Esterhazy formed
lan association of traitors. Her story
coincided with what General Roget
Bald on this subject. So far from Ber
tulus appearing to suspect Henry and
j crushing the latter with words of sus
picion, she said her late husband had
described that magistrate as "charm
ing." She said Bertulus even embraced
' Henry when the latter was taking his
leave, a circumstance which struck the
j wife when she heard of it as boding no
good. She jumped to the conclusion
th^t falsehood lay behind the kiss and
that If. Benulus was a Judas.
This idea she then developed in a
passionate peroration that seemed a
lesson learned by heart. Mme. Henry
was very like the late Mme. A gar. the
! actress, as she indulged in this piece of
dramatic vengeance.
Bertulus felt that it would never do
I to argue with her. for tears were stand
ing in her eyes and the Judges were
looking Sympathetic. Po he said that
he preferred saying nothing to a lady
w hose grief he respected and whose
angry excitement he pardoned.
General Roget again to-day showed
; extraordinary forensic ability. Ido not
know what the military worth is of th ■
generals . wbo are acting here as wit
nesses, but I do not wonder at the old
i Judges of the Court of Cassation being
', jealous of their argumentative capaci
ty, their skill in turning a case inside
out, in puzzling innuendo, in casuistry,
i and in elegant verhal facility. Mercier
;is wonderful in these respects. Billot
is not inferior to him. but Roget is the
i superior of both in forensic skill, acu-
the Guilt of the Accused
men and suggestiveness. Roget Is a
very able man. He is the son of a gen
darme in the Pyrenees, and obtained
his commission by passing the exami
nations. He is fair, rather English
looking in features and cool and delib
erate in manner. He speaks distinctly
and rather slowly, but does not fall into
the defect into which Mme. Henry fell, !
of making every syllable a long one.
Dreyfus was under Roget as an out
aider with the general staff, and seemed i
tortured by his arguments and points
that he made — points that went home
to the military Judges and were in
tended to poison their minds. Finally
he could stand it no longer and, start
ing up, his eyes gleaming with anger,
he cried: "You deal only in argumen
tations. I have listened to you for
hours without hearing a single fact."
There were, nevertheless, some facts
to-day, but they were adduced to de- j
stroy the credit of Colonel Picquart,
who was represented, when the head of \
the intelligence department, as playing
a crooked part and keeping back every '•
piece of information unfavorable to i
Dreyfus.
Maitre Demange made many happy
points in putting questions to General
Roget, who dodged them with presence
of mind and address, and, when in a
corner, with cool impudence. Still
Roget had the ear of the court. He
knows how to speak to specialized mili
tary minds.
The evidence of M. Bertulus was, on
the whole, favorable to Dreyfus, in the
judgment of civilian listeners. Unfor
tunately his reputation is blown upon.
He belonged, when at Nice, to the
South Railway gang, and as the magis
trate sent to investigate their swindle
played into their hands. Roget alluded
to this and to other doings of Bertulus
and showed that he did not respect
him. M. Bertulus is an epicurean and
has shocked Rennes people by his
rather gay relations with a former ac
tress, who, somehow, rolls in riches.
Still, he seems to be a fair and truth
ful witness and his deposition must
affect the public. Colonel Picquart
will be heard again to-morrow.
M. Labori's assailant is still undis
covered. At a convent of Marists, at
Cosson, near Rennes, the brothers
are vainly searching fur him. This has
won sympathy for the clerical party,
as it was thought a brotherhood might
shelter him. A hypothesis that seems
nearer to the truth is that he is a
soldier, who was given a suit of cloth-
Ing and told where to exchange it for
a uniform, which he could again don
as so.>n as Labori was shot. I can
imagine a Breton soldier, brimful of
hatred <>f th« Jews and "that traitor,
Dreyfus." taking his life in his hands
and going resolutely to kill Labori.
EMILY CRAWFORD.
MANY SENSATIONS
AT DREYFUS' TRIAL
Bertulus and Picquart Declare That
They Believe the Accused Is
Innocent.
REXXES, Aug. IT.— With the usual
attendance and without any note
worthy incident the second trial by
court-martial of Captain Alfred Drey
fus, charged with treason, was resumed
this r, irning in the Lycee. Previous to
th<^ opening of the proceedings it be
came known that Maitre Labori. lead
ing counsel for Dreyfus, who was shot
in the back from ambush Monday, was
slightly worse to-day. His physicians
have not yet extracted the bullet, his
fever continues to increase and it is
not believed he will he able to attend
court Monday. Consequently Maitre
Monard. counsel for the Dreyfus fam
ily before the Court of Cassation in the
trial revision proceedings, has been
summoned to replace M. Labori until
such time as the latter is able to re
sume conduct of the case.
Friends prevented Maitre Albert
Clemeneeau from coming to the assist
ance of Dreyfus, as planned immediate
ly after the assassination of M. Labori.
j However, in spite of the difficulties en
countered by the defense, to-day's ses-
I sion of the court opened with brighter
prospects for the prisoner, as M. De
mange of- counsel for the defense evi
j der.tly came primed with questions to
I be put to General Roget. The latter re
PKICE FIVE CEXTS.
sumed his deposition on the opening of
the court, dealing ■with the theft of the
Esterhazy letters from Mile. Pays. A
number of the counsel's shots struck
the bullseye and made the general
squirm in his seat.
General Roget was unable to conceal
his annoyance and anger when M.
Demange scored. The witness' fingers
twitched nervuusly and he frequently
turned for consolation toward General*
Billot and Zurlinden, former Ministers
of War, who occupied the witness'
seats behind him. The general also
threw glances of savage resentment at
the audience when, as happened several
times, suppressed titters went around
the courtroom when M. Demange cor
nered him. Finally General Roget be
came quite red in the face and an
swered M. Demange in a hollow voice,
contrasting strangely with his confi
dent tone of yesterday.
Then came a witness who proved to
be a splendid reinforcement for Drey
i fus. It was M. Eertulus. the examin
! ing magistrate who received the late
! Lieutenant Colonel Henry's confession
!of forgery. In almost inaudible tones,
owing to hoarseness, M. Bertulus gave
his testimony, which was a veritable
speech for the defense. Coming from
a man of the high legal reputation of
M. Bertulus, this evidence raised the
hopes of the Dreyfusards immediately,
and it apparently made a deep impres
sion on the members of the court.
M. Jaures, the Socialist leader, who
was among those present in court, re
marked on the conclusion of the mag
istrate's testimony: "This is the first
time the truth and the whole truth has
been told before the judges."
Dreyfus displayed the keenest inter
| est in the statements of M. Bertulu*.
seeming completely absorbed in his
words and straining forward to catch
every syllable.
After a brief confrontation of M.
Bertulus and Mme. Henry, widow of
Lieutenant Colonel Henry. Colonel Pic
quart, formerly Chief of the Intelli
gence Bureau, was called. He gave his
evidence in a loud, resonant voice and
i created a profound impression. The fol-
I lowing is the testimony in detail:
General Roget, on resuming his testi
mony, criticized the surveillance inaugu
rated by Colonel Picquart over Lieut<jn
ant Colonel Henry. This surveillance, he
| said, lasted several months and included
! the interception of letters address
Bsterhaxy. There had also been searches
lof Henry's house during his absence. All
these measures, the witness asserted,
were carried out without the authorizj
tlon of the Minister of War, who was not
even informed of them. Moreover, he as
serted the investigations were carried on
at the expense of the secret service fund.
The witness also objected to Colonel Pic
quart's methods of watching Mile. Pays.
In regard to Esterhazy. General Roget ad
miued the former was a gambler and an
immoral character, but he asserted ""while
I have acknowledged his little failings I
nevertheless maintain he has been the
victim of abominable persecution."
General Roget next spoke of the arrest
at Belfort of Quenelli. declaring that Pic
quart cooked up the allegations of spying
against Quenelli In order to attract to
himself the approval of his superiors.
The witness then dwelt upon the alleged
devices of Dreyfus to procurer information
from the various bureaus in regard to the
mobilization and concentration of the>
troops, pointing out that while intelligent
and industrious, Dreyfus was "far too in
quisitive in matters which did not con
cern him, to the detriment of his proper
duties."
Replying to a question of the court.
General Roget replied that so far as he
knew Dreyfus had only once been given
an Imaginary task as a test.
The prisongr listened intently to the wit
ness, Dreyius' self control contrasting
markedly with his excitement of yester
day.
M. Demange- asked Colonel Jouaust,
president ot' the court-martial, to request
General Roge.t to repeat the explanations
which he had given before the Court of
Cassation in regard to the part plav^i In
the affair by Major Dv Paty de Clam,
whereupon the witness traversed the old
ground In regard to Dt Clam's
toward Esterhazy in the campaign
to be organizing against him. The gen
eral said he believed the forged "Spor
anza" letters wera either written bj !■:
Paty de Clam or instigated by him. Wit
ness said he had not acted agair
' 'lam because he saw nothing culpable in
what he had done to sav<> Bsterhazy.
With reference to t'n»- document Libera
tor, a document forged in order to se
cure the release of Esterhazy wh»-n h- was
court-martialed. General Roget said he
only knew how it reached the Ministry of
War. addir.g that its disappearance from
that Ministry was a mystery. But. he
said, doubtless De Clam could explain the
matter.
Counsel for the defense hero wanted to
know how. under such circumstances, De
Clam's intervention in behalf of Ester
hazy could be explained. But the wit
ness could only attribute it to Dv Paty
fie Clam's moral conviction of Ester
hnzy's innocence.
"'ln any case." said th» general, "the
general staff must be entirely disassoci
ated with the part played by Dv Paty de
Clam in this matter."
"Certainly." replied M. Demange.
"I attach great importance to this
point." was the general's next remark.
M. Demange assented to this, but add
ed: "What I would like to know is how
an innocent man like Esterhazy was
thought to need this kind of help."
(Laughter. »
"It is certain I should not have done It."
answered the witness, which caused re
newed laughter.
General Roget then added that although
he would not have Intervened himself ♦•2
SEVEN MEN KILLED BY
AN EXPLODING BOILER
Heavy Mountain Locomotive on the Mexi
can Central Railway Blown to Pieces
Near Cardenas.
AT'PTIX. Aug. 17.— A dispatch from Tampico, Mex.. states that the
boiler of a locomotive on the Mexican Centrul Railroad exploded yester
day, killing seven men and fatally wounding three others. The locomo
tive was standing Oh the sidetrack at Cardenas when the explosion
occurred. It was of a special pattern and of great size, being used to
haul train? Un thf mountain. Among the killed are four American
engineers, \\ h«. were in the cab and near tho scene of the accident.
Their names are: Simon, Fitzgerald, Hussey and Gibson. Another
American enfrineer named Lockhftrt was standing near the locomotive
when the explosion occurred. He was hurled over 100 feet and fell,
. Injured. The other men killed were three Mexican firemen and
wood -passers. The great engine was completely wrecked !>y the ex
ploelon. Heavy pieces of iron were scattered over the mountain.
save Esterhazy he did not consider the j
course foil .■•! as being reprehensible.
M. Demange then questioned ■ "' witness i
ivn to what he thought of Esterhazy a |
attempt to obtain from an agent a dec.a- <
ration that he had had nothing to do with ;
the affair to which the general replied,
that he knew nothing ■•;' such an attempt,
But when M. Demange read General He- i
naud's report on the subject General Ro- ;
get- admitted that Esterhazy's action was
a curious proceeding tor an Innocent man >
to take. , ,
Counsel then invited the special atten
tion of the court-martial to the witness ;
reply. Then he took the general to task .
for playing yesterday the part of general
accuser, particularly toward Colonel 1 lc- .
quart. During the course of his remarks
M. TH-mnnge referred to the document i
Known as the Petit bleu and the erasures ,
on it. The general admitted the erasures
might have been made with the view to ;
giving the document a suspicious appear- I
ance. But he claimed Plcquart made the ■
erasures and Inserted the name of Ester
hazy ait. taking the photograph einlo- j
II .; before the Court of Cassation. The.
counsel insisted the falsification occurred ;
after the Petit bleu left Plcquart s hands, j
and demanded further explanations from j
the witness. The general, however, said
he was unable to testify as to who falsi- |
lied the document or when it was done, j
but he did not think it was done with the
view of compromising Picquart.
At this juncture there was a little spar- ;
ring between M. Demang and Major ;
Carriere, the representative of the *■"•>"
ernment in the case. The former desired j
information in regard to the espionage of i
Basle Switzerland., and the recall on |
account of peculation of an agent named j
Lajout. who was corresponding with a j
tain foreign '• agent. Major Carriere
obiected to the discussion of the subject j
at" this stage; for he said it would be i
contrary to the spirit of discipline for the j
general* to u'.pcuss the subject, The court :
upheld the contention of the Govern- ;
merit's representative and M. Demange i
continued his examination of General
Roget. , , 3
■ "How was it you knew, counsel asked ,
the ; witness, "that GOO.OOO francs were of- j
fored Esterhazy if he would confess to j
being the author of the bordereau?"
■■[ heard It," 'the witness replied, "from;
the court of inquiry, which tried Lster
hazy, and from Esterhazy himself."
•'Ah," exclaimed counsel. "it was
Ksterhazv who said it. Just so." (Laugh- j
ter. )
"Why was his residence searched?" M. :
'Dem.-irige then ... and the General |
answered: "Esterhazy at w one time had j
the document containing the words "Cetle
Canaille d<: D— " and might therefore have ;
had others."
■ "You admit then." asked M. Demange, ,
"that he might have had interesting ;
documents?"
"When one is conducting an inquiry. ■
said the witness, "he must expect any
thing and .search accordingly.',' , . |
"Admitting.'" counsel then said, "that
Esterhazy was (.he agent of the Dreyfus
family and that he had agreed to assume,
us (suggested the prisoner's guilt, how!
do 'you" explain the fact that Eeterhaxy |
upon several occasions wrote statements |
calculated to compromise the case of f
■
"With Esterhazy," replied General Ro- j
get. "one win never be sure of anything. •
filter.) He is such an extraordinary j '
fellow.' I do not know what he may be i :
:doing to-day or what he will do to-mor- |
row. • . I :
' These statements of the general con- . ■
vufsed" the court with laughter, which ! ,
seemed to irritate the witness, who was
growing nervous under the searching ex- | .
amination of counsel.
Turning to Dreyfus, General Roget !
cried in a loud voice: "I know very well |
that if I was accused of an act of treason i
which I had not committed. I should and ! '
arguments with which to defend myself." \ '■
This assertion evoked murmurs, but the , '
general shouted: "Why does he deny
even the most obvious things?"
M. Demange shrugged his shoulders and j
.ejaculated: "Ah!" '
' The prisoner, however, rose and em- j •
pbatically denied point blank some of the i
general's evidence. He said he never :
traced on a map any plan of concentration | '
»r .mobilization, nor had any knowledge- •■: I
details of those movements, nor of the
plan for the distribution of the various
units throughout the departments.
"■Let- us," said Dreyfus, "understand one :
another in regard to. what is meant. I as- j
sert that 1 did not know In its details of •
the plan of concentration. In regard to ;
the circumstance dwelt upon by you yes
le-rday, there was no precise statement.
There was nothing but argument."
The audience here gave vent to expres- ■
sions of absent and dissent.
,M. Bertulus, the examining magistrate,
fwass the next witness. There had been j
lively anticipations of an Interesting con
frontation. The magistrate inquired into >
the charges made against Esterhazy by ■
Ids cousin. Christian, and it was expected
that M. Bertulus would be confronted
with General Roget, who so tartly critl- ,
cized the magistrate yesterday. But the
president of the court Invited M. Bertulus
to proceed with his deposition. The Wit
ness spoke in a low, husky voice, which
was-' almost unintelligible to" the court
end counsel. Me was ineffectually urged
to raise his voice. :. . ; . » • .
M. Bertulus described bow Major Rov
ary asked his assistance in examining tho
secret dossier at the Cherche Midi Prison
and how after he had learned the contents
of the .documents he declared to Major
Ravary that -there was a flaw", in the dos- |
Bier which would occasion.- the collapse of I
th* whole case. The witness explained
that he meant the Petit Bleu. It must-be
proved, 'he told, the major, .that the Pocit I
]<leu was a forgery and the work of Col- I
onel Pi equate and as long as that was |
not proved the case' could, not hold. Con- I
tinuing, M. Bertulu3 recapitulated the evi
dence he had. given before the Court .of
Cassation, his investigation Into Dv Pa,ty
do ■ m's connection with the "Speranza"
and "Blanche" telegrams and the favor
able impression he had acquired of Col
onel Picquart'fi honesty during the course
of the inquiry-
Witness repeated the Story of Color.ol
Picquart's dismissal from the army anil
Plcquart's denunciation of Eaterhacy and
] >.• Clam, and • dwell exhaustively on his
laborious Inquiry Into the charges, against
Esterhazy. describing the papers found
at the residence of Mile. Pay.v where Es
terhazy. sought refuge. ' -,->
. M. Bertulus then related the notable-In
terview between himself .and Lieutenant
Colonel Henry July IS-. ISBB, shortly before
Henry . committed suicide. -This naturally ,
was. a painful recital for Mme. Henry.
the widow, who was much distressed and
wept, silently as the dramatic scene when
MM. BeFtUIUS and Henry proceeded to
peal up the seized papers was depicted.
The. magistrate repeated the whole story
with emphasis, and it had a great effect
un.on the audience. . ■■■.'•>':
.After recapitulating his other evidence
before the Court of Cassation M. Bertulus i
energetically affirmed his belief in tho
Innocence of Dreyfus. He declared the
bordereau was In three pieces and not iii
little bits. Hr also said It did not reach
the War Department by the ordinary '
channels. M. Bertulus said' his belief in- i
the Innocence of Dreyfus was based on !
documents in the secret dossier which he .
had seen But what, above all, confirmed I
the" witness In his belief was the entire
absence of a motive which could have
tempted Dreyfus to commit such a crime. \
"Without a motive." emphatically 6e- j
clared the experienced magistrate, "there I
WAS no crime." I
The earnestness with which M. Bertulus
insisted upon the innocence of the ac- i
cused created a profound impression upon
his hearers.
"You have been told," he said, "that
Dreyfus is guilty. For myself, I believe
find' believe profoundly In his innocence. ;
In coming here to tell you so you will
understand that my conscience, tells me
that In so doing I am performing a duty
an absolute duty. The Court of Cassa
tion has declared the bordereau to be tn
work of Bsterhazy. The Court of Cassa
tion is the supreme authority In all mat
ters of justice in France." (sensation.)
At this Juncture there was a brief sus
pension of the session. When it was re
sumed M. Bertulus was recalled, but he
had little to add of an interesting char
acter.
When the prisoner was asked if he de
sired to put any questions to the witness
he answered in the negative.
Mme. Henry then ascended the platform
and. standing I eside M. Bertulus, she
said: "on July is, th" day my husband
called on M. Bertulus, the colonel, in the
course of a conversation that evening.
told me he had a friendly and charming
reception. He described how the magis
trate advanced to meet him and held out
his arms. I said to my husband: "Are you
sure of this man? Are you sure he Is
sincere? i am very niuch'afraifl that his
kiss was the kiss of a Judas.' "
Th< re was a great sensation in court at
this statement of Mme. Henry.
"1 was not wrong." she continued, amid
the breathless Interest of the court. "This
man is indeed the Judas I Imagined."
Referring to the papers which arrived
at the same time as the bordereau. Mme.
Henry said: "Those papers were not all
torn into a thousand pieces. I was able
to note that personally. Letters often
came entire. M. Bertulus lias maintained
that everything arrived in pieces. That
is false."
The court here resounded with exclama
th ns of surprise, and Mme. Henry con
cluded, "l have nothing more to say."
M. Bertulus said he did not desire to re
ply to Mm--. Henry, adding: "She is only
a woman."
"1 am not a woman." exclaimed Mme.
Henry furiously, "1 speak In the name -of
my husband."
The lncid< m caused great excitement In
i ■ iurt
"Now Bhall I reply to madame?" asked
-M- Bertulus. "She is. defending the name
of a dead man and that of her child."
• Renewi d sensation. I
After gazing steadfastly at M. Bertulus,
who was greatly moved, Mme. Henry de
scended from the platform and took a
seat beside General Zurlinden. M. Bertu
lui forthwith left the court.
Colonel Plcquart was then called to the
witness stand. He protested most firmly
-t all suspicion of having caused the
ppearance of any document relating
t" Dreyfus. Documents had disappeared,
bm he was not connected with their disap
;■■ .car.. . . He aisn r< i". lied with scorn the
ftion that he had endeavored to put
another officer in th>- place of the r.-al
author of the bordereau.
"It is true," the witrit-^ continued,
"that the name of Captain Dorval being
mentioned to me as a dangerous man I
had him watched, and do you know, gen
tlemen, by whom Dorval was denoui
By his own cousin," continued Picquart,
"Mnjur Dv Paty de »"iam (Sensation.)
Colonel Picquart then next proc< ided
reply to the various attacks made upon
him.
"These tactics," he said, "are evidently
pursued with the object of lessening the
value of my testimony."
The colonel next outlined his connection
with Dreyfus at the military college and
afterward at the Ministry of War. where,
. to the anti-Semitic prejudic t the
gl '.' r .i\ staiT. he lirst appointed Dreyfus
to a department where probationers had
irect cognizance of the secret docu
ments. !!•■ then described the consterna
tion in the War Office when the treason
was discovered and the relief experienced
when it was thought the guilty person
had been discovered, it was then that
the witness discovered the similarity be
tween the handwriting of Dreyfus and
that of the bordereau, and he had re
course to Dv Paty de Clam, "who was
supposed to have grapholugical knowl
edge." (Laughter.)
Then the witness described what he
characterized as "the Irregular steps
t.-ik-Mi by General Mercier to accomplish
the arrest of Dreyfus." Referring to the
dictation test, the witness earnestly and
emphatically affirmed that Yf saw- no
signs of perturbation in the handwriting
of Dreyfus on that occasion, and. more
over, shortly afterward Dv Paty de
Clam admitted that he had not found
a fresh charge against Dreyfus.
"Beyond the bordereau." said the wit
ness, "there was nothing against Dreyfus
absolutely nothing."
"My impression during the investiga
tion," continued Colonel Picquart, "was
that tho acquittal of the accused was
1-robable, as the evidence was insufli
cient."
Witness believed he had even told tho
Minister of War that the condemnation
of the accused could not be secured un
less the court-martial had been shown the
Becret documents which it had been
agreed to submit to the court. The colonel
next declared that In 1394 he did not know
the contents of the secret dossier, but he
believed, like all other officers, that it
contained frightful proofs against the
ner. when ho became acquainted
with its contents, however, he found that
his "earlier impressions were entirely
wrong.",, (Prolonged sensation.)
Colonel Plcquart then recalled the vehe
ment protests of innocence -which the
prisoner had not ceased to mak<e during
all [.bases of the degradation. The wit
ness declared he was unite ignorant of
the confessions Dreyfus is alleged to have
made to Captain Lebrun-Renaud.
Continuing, Colonel Plcquart defended
himself against the charge that he bad
always directed his efforts toward the re
habilitation of Dreyfus. He said he bad
only directed the investigations made to
that end when he became aware that the
writings of Bsterhazy and the bordereau
were identical, and that consequently the
charges against Dreyfus no longer ex
isted.
During the course of his testimony
( olone] Picquart asked to be confronted
With Major dv Paty de Clam and to be
permitted to "deal with some of his pecu
ltarities when Paty de Clam is in the wit
ness box."
Next the colonel examined the borde
reau, and declared Dreyfus could not
li.-r. •■ disclosed part of it.
Regarding the Madagascar note the
witness disputed its value, and sn'id he
did not believe it was a confidential note
He added that if Dreyfus, in his capacity
of probationer, bad asked the witness for
the note lie would have handed it to him
immediately. Therefore he (Picrjuarti was
unable to understand the sentence in the
bordereau reading. "This document was
very difficult to obtain."
Colonel Plcquart then declared he had
never seen Dreyfus copy the smalbnt
document in the Wr.r Department. In the
opinion of the witness the department
where the bordereau was discovered ought
to have been searched when the discovery
was made. This, he explained, was ,h«.
department in which Dv Paty de Clam
worked, and that, was the department
which was working on the plan of the
concentration of the troops and the Mad
agascar expedition. He added:
"It was in Major Dv Paty de dam's
department that the search should have
been made, or rather in his private room
where he worked quite alone " (S"n<i
t lon. i
Dv Paty de Clam, continued the wit
ness, had been guilty of grave imprudence
in having, contrary to the regulations,
had confidential documents copied by sin
gle secretaries, non-commissioned officers
and even private soldiers; whereas the
custom was that such work was done
solely by officers.
Later on the witness said he wondered if
It was not to avoid the risk of punish
ment that Dv Paty de c| a m advanced the
date of the reception of the bordereau at
the intelligence department, so as to
make it prior to the date of his fDu Paty
de clams) arrival in the department
(Sensation.)
At 11:45 a. m. the court adjourned for
the day.
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, ]S}>:>.
CALIFORNIA BOYS A DAY
NEARER THEIR HOME PORT
THE transport Sherman with the California boys aboard is rapidly approaching San Francisco, and next Monday
at noon she will not be much more than three days' steaming away from the Golden date.
According to the calculations©* United States Nautical Expert McMillan the Sherman was at noon yester
day (San Francisco time) in latitude 41 degrees north, longitude 16S degrees 40 minutes west. In that event sho
was a little over 2100 nautical miles from San Francisco and is averaging, her twelve knots an hour or a little better.
The Sherman on this trip has some of the finest steaming coal in the world in her bunkers, and this will probably
make a difference of several hours in her time. With all allowances for and against, the calculations still are that
she will get here on the afternoon of the 24th or the morning of the 25th.
On account of the crowds that assemble in front of the window on the Market street side of the business office of The
Call it is almost impossible nowadays for pedestrians to paps by. A large facsimile of the map shown above is the draw
!nV card, arid the attention it attracts indicates the great interest taken by San Franciscans in the course of the good ship
that is bringing the valiant California boys nearer home day by day. At night the crowds are every bit as big.
EXTRA SESSION
DECIDED UPON
Thus Declares Assem
blyman Mead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
T.OS ANGELES, Aug. 17.— Members
of the Legislature representing dis
tricts in Los Angeles County are now j
convinced that an extra session is on
the tapis, to be held before the end of
November. Assemblyman William
Mead (D.), who recently visited the
northern part of the State, says that
while in San Francisco he was the ,
guest of a Republican member of the j
lower House, whose family is very in- i
timate with that of the Democratic)
member from Los Angeles.
"This man, 1 know, is close to the
Republican powers that be." said Mr.
Mead to-day, "and he informed me—
not in any particular confidence, by the t
way -that I might ,lust as well prepare |
when I got home to go to Sacramento
Borne time between the middle of Octo- .
her and the middle of November, for
an extra session of the Legislature
would surely be called to convene
within that time.
••He informed me that sixty-one Re- i
publicans would by October 1 sign an 1
agreement to go Into caucus upon the
United States Senatorship, which
would mean that thirty-one votes
would elect. The caucus call will not
favor Daniel M. Hums, Irving M. Scott j
or any other particular candidate, the
signers simply agreeing to vote for a
Republican." , .
There are evidences that members of
the Los Angeles County delegation,
have recently been Bounded upon the
advisability of a caucus and an extra
session. Assemblyman M. P. Conrey.is
among those who have been asked how
they now stand on the question. MX.
Conrey told his questioners that his at- |
titude would depend entirely upon the
circumstances existing after the Legis
lature had convened in extra session
under tho call of Governor Gage.
ONE FORGERY THAT
WILL AID ACCUSED
■
PARIS, Aug. 17.— A special edition of
Figaro exposes another alleged forgery
in the Dreyfus case by publishing the
' following telegram from Ems:
"The letter of November 30, 1898, at
tributed to me and reproduced in the
; Figaro of August 16 ' .^^^g^f^'
The letter referred to was one from
Schneider, the Austrian military at
tache at Paris, in which he was alleged ,
to have said Schwarzkoppen and Pan- j
I izzardl respectively the German and j
Italian attaches, were trying to make
out that it was not Dreyfus who was
i giving them information, and adding
that he had no belief in these protes- j
: tations M Cavaignae, the former
Minister of War, in his testimony made
a. great point of this. '
Commenting on the forgery the F -
earo says: "We are sending this tel- j
em-am to Colonel Jou.iust, president of i
i the court-martial, who certainly will !
1 not hesitate to call upon General Mer
cier General Roget and others to «x
--plain how they came to make such a
I great point of this forgery in their evi
donee "■- * ■
EtENNES, Aug. 17..The publication
by the Figaro of the Schneider tele
gram, exposing an alleged forgery, j
! caused a great sensation here, and to- j
! night the general impression is that i
' Schneider's disavowal has dealt a se
i vere blow to the prosecution, killing the
only point in General Mercier's cvi
' dence that was dangerous to Dreyfus.
| It is expected that the matter will be
brought up in court to-morrow by M.
Demange, who has a splendid oppor
tunity to drive a nail into the coffin
j of the prosecution.
PARIS POLICE WILL
WAIT FOR GUERIN
PARIS, Aug. 17.— M. Guerin still holds
the fort. Barricades were erected at
both extremities of the Rue Chabrol this |
afternoon, and the police were constantly i
enraged In repulsing crowds.
M Guerin frequently appeared at a
window, earnestly regarding the ap
proaches, as though, expecting a rescue.
A band of anti-Gtierin demonstrators
was followed and was roughly handled
by a band of anti-Semites, whose en
thusiasm for Ouerin is becoming so
fanatical that they are making a list of
all who dare to insult him. The latter's
lLvrs are considered to be endangered.
Demonstrations in the Rue Chabrol
this evening led to several conflicts, but
otherwise there has been no change In the
position up to a late hour.
According to the Figaro the Govern
ment has decided not to use force, but
to wait -until M. Guerin issues forth.
MME. LABORI RECEIVES
THREATENING LETTERS
RENNES, Aug. 17.— M. Labori was
able to leave his bod for three hours
to-day and even to walk thrice across
his room. To-night the doctors think
he will be able to be present at next
Monday's session.
Mme. Labori has received a number
of menacing letters. One that came
to-day said the writer was sorry the
would-be assassin had . not killed not
only Labori, but his wife and children. '
BLOW DEALT TO
ELECTRIC ROADS
Single Trolley System
Illegal.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Aug. 17.— Electric street
railway companies must so construct
their lin^s that none of the electricity
may stray off to- eat holes in iron and
steel water and gas pipes. This, in
brief, was the decision handed down in
the Superior Court to-day. It Is said
to be the first judicial decision ever
rendered on the question of electrolysis.
The case has been under advisement
over a year, and some of the most
prominent electrical experts in the
country gave testimony during the
hearing.
The local gas company claimed its
mains were being ruined by stray cur
rents from the lines of the Spokane
Street Railway and produced per
forated iron pipes in proof thereof. Tho
railway company uses the overhead
system, with a single trolley. The de
cision condemns this system. The court
announced it would give the street car
company a reasonable time to install a
new system wh.'ch will prevent stray
electric current^ or. if that is not done,
it will grant a perpetual injunction
agninsi the operation ot the system.
The decision finds "that the only
method of absolutely preventing stray
currents of electricity is the double
trolley system; that the best single
trolley system is the cast-welded joint
system; that the best wire bond is that
known as the Chicago bond; that it is
not practicable to use cast-welded
joints except when the street is paved
with such material as asphalt, brick,
macadam, wooden blocks or similar
material."
An appeal will be taken to the State
Supreme Court.
TIDE HAS TURNED
IN FAVOR OF DREYFUS
LONDON*, Aug. 17.— The dispatch in the
Morning Post from Remits indicates tho
activity of the censorship there. General
Merci( is Insulting references to Emperor
William making certain allusions to the
secret dossier were suppressed, while
General Merder's utterances were toned
down.
The correspondents of the London morn
ing newspapers are, however, unanimous
in the opinion that the tide has finally
turned in favor of Dreyfus. The evidence
yesterday (Thursday) was so favorable to
him that even some of the anti-Dreyfus-
Ites would fain admit that the scales were
falling from their eyes. Madame Henry's
dramatic characterization of M. Bertulus
as "Judas" failed of the intended effect,
because he Immediately handed Colon, i
.Touaust, president of the court-martial, an
anonymous letter he had received proving
the whole scheme prearranged.
All the correspondents also remarked
the grateful demeanor of Dreyfus on
hearing, for the first time, witnesses in
his favor.
The correspondent of tho Dally Chroni
cle predicts that Dreyfus will be recon
demned and that the sentence will be im
mediately ciimmnted through fear of ex
citement and uprisings incidental upon
an acquittal. He believes that the lati
tude allowed the generals in court points
to submission to what in France Is a
sacred image, "reasons of state."
The correspondent of the Times com
ments upon the change which came over
the aspect of affairs when Maitre De
mange began tentatively to cross-examine
the witnesses, his questions leaving Gen
eral Roget utterly disconcerted. His re
marks, too, upon the fact that Colonel
Jouaust failed to confront Roget with
Bertulus, whose evidence therefore had
its full effect.
SHERIFF OFFERS REWARD.
Seeking to Bring Imsand's Murderers
to Justice.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 17.— Sheriff
J. H. Mansfield to-day made an offer
of $250 reward to any person who shall
give Information that will lead to the
conviction of the person- or persons who
murdered Joseph J. Imsand at Colma,
on Monday. The three Mitchells, who
are suspected of the crime, are in Jail
here, confined in separate apartments.
W. S. Barnes has been retained by the
elder Mitchell to defend them and it is
said that other counsel will figure in
the case. A complaint probably will be
filed against the Mitchells within a day
or two.
EXPERT DIVER DROWNED.
Air Pipe Breaks When He Is Two
Hundred Feet Under Water.
TACOMA. Aur. 17.— Diver William L.
Baldwin, while working on the wrecked
ship Andelana in the harhor to-day,
was dro\vned by the air pipe breaking
under the heavy pressure. He was in
two hundred feet of water at the time
and was working In an especially
strong suit of armor. The Andelana
was sunk some months ago, carrying
down sixteen persons, whose bodies are
sttll in the wreck. Baldwin's body was
recovered and taken to the Morgue.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 17.
Stmr Columbia, Green, hours from Port
land, vta Astoria.
Srhr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Arrived Auk' 17— Stmr Graf
Walilerwe, from Hamburg.
QUEENCTOWN Sailed Augr 17— Stmr Penn
land, from. Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
HOWARD MAY NOT
SHIRK HIS DEBT
Union Bank's Claim Is
Valid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 17.— Referee in
Bankruptcy Coulter to-day rendered
an important decision in the insolvency
case of E. B. Howard, the fruit shipper
who is accused of having wrecked the
Union Sayings Bank. By it the bank
gets the {237,000 indebtedness of How
ard that was disputed and the deposi
tors of the bank will receive a few
thousand dollars more on their ac
counts.
At the time of the failure of the bank
Howard owed it $312,675. When he
filed a petition in bankruptcy he
claimed that H. Ward Wright, presi
dent of the bank, had relinquished
$237,479 of the Indebtedness. In proof
of this he presented an agreement
signed by himself and by Wright, as
president of the bank, on June 28, 189 S.
whereby it was agreed "that all money
coming in to the credit of Howard &
Co. in payment for the season's fruit
business of 1897 shall -be applied on the
! indebtedness of Howard & Co. for said
season of IS!>7 and all money coming
in to the credit of Howard & Co. for the
present season's business shall be held
for his credit for business of 1898."
It was claimed this agreement estop
ped the bank from setting up any
claim for the sum. When the bank
presented its claim of $312,000, J. M.
Cox, a creditor of Howard, protested
and petitioned the referee to exclude
from the liabilities the $237,000 it was
alleged to have relinquished. It was
upon this that the decision was render
ed to-day.
The referee held the agreement was
not binding on the bank, as it was not
made with the sanction of the direc
tors. He said:
In this transaction Howard was the
beneficiary. The hank received nothing,
retained ' nothing. enjoyed nothing-.
Howard states he was bankrupt at
the time nnd he Is bankrupt now.
Besides, there is no evidence that it
was the usual course of business of the
bank for its president to give a release
and aeouittame without the sanction ami
outhbrity of Its directors. It is hold by
the Supreme <'ourt that neither a presi
dent nor a cashier Is empowered without
express authority from the board of di
rectors, to release the. maker of a note.
payable to and held by the bank, from his
ieg-al liability on such note. From the
facts and the law recited, I am forced to
; the conclusion that the petitioner has
; failed to establish the material allega
tions of his petition, and his prayer there
in for a reduction of the claim of the
Union Savings Bank is therefore denied.
DEWEY WILL ARRIVE
IN NEW YORK ON TIME
Cables to the Reception Committee
and Sets Their Minds at
Rest.
WASHINGTON, Aur. 17.— 1n a letter
| from AdmiraJ Dewey to the Secretary
of the Navy, dated at Naples, August
5, the admiral gives his plans as fol
lows:
"I propose to remain at this port
I about one week, then proceed to Leg
horn for one week and thence either to
Genoa or Villafranca for about the
same period. From there I will go to
Gibraltar for coal, and will leave that
port about the middle of September."
This contradicts the report that Ad
! miral Dewey intended to go to London
i before returning to the United States.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— At to-day's
meeting of the committee of plan and
scope of the Dewey celebration. Gen
eral Butterfleld read a cablegram from
Admiral Dewey, which effectually sets
at rest all the reports that the admiral
would go to Washington before the
celebration in his honor in New York.
The message was as follows:
"LEGHORN, Aug. 14.— General But
terfleld, New York: Yours of August 1
received. Will reach the lower buoy
without fail Friday, September 29. Will
I be ready for the parade on Saturday
; morning. DEWEY."
STORM STRIKES THE
COAST OF SCOTLAND
ABERDEEN, Scotland, Aug. 17.— A
terrific storm swept over the Scotch
coast last night. At Fraserburgh, a
town thirty-seven miles north of this
place on the northeast coast, three hun
dred fisTiing craft were caught in the
gale. O lifeboat was sent to their
I assistance.
The crew of the Diadem of Culten.
I a town on Culten Bay, were saved by
the gallantry, of James Brown, a dis
charged Dargi hero, who swam to the
boat with a line. When this line had
been fastened to the endangered craft
the spectators who gathered on the
shore dragged the Diadem through the
surf and landed her safely.
The sphooner Pioneer, from Sunder
land to Banff, thirty-eight miles north
of Aberdeen, with a cargo of coal, is
ashore, and it is feared that she will
become a total wreck. Her crew has
been safely landed by life savers.
The railroad passenger steamer
Gauntlet has been wrecked off Pladda
Light, south of the island of Arran.
The passengers and crew of the vessel
were landed in safety at Whiting Bay.
LEOPOLD KUTNER
DIES A SUICIDE
Ends His Life at Santa
Barbara.
FAILING HEALTH THE CAUSE
SUFFERED FROM A CHRONIC
COMPLAINT.
Amassed a Fortune in the Merchan
dise Business, but Retired
From Active Work Soiue
Years Ago.
Special Dispat h to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 17.—Leo
pold Kutner, a retired merchant, placed
I a revolver to his temple early thia
! morning and blew out his brains. The
act was done in a fit of despondency
at his temporary home in this city. His
wife heard the shot fioiiF another room
and rushed in to find him lying on a
lounge with the ghastly wound in his
forehead and a pistol near at hand.
The Coroner was notified and an in
quest held at once. It was brought
out at the Inquest that Mr. Kutner had
been a sufferer from chronic gastritis
for many years.^»Three years ago he
came her*e and remained a year and a
half, when he thought he had entirely
recovered. He went back to Han Fran
cisco, but two months ago was advised
to return to Santa Barbara for his
again falling health. He, with his wife,
arrived on the first of this month and
rented the house in which he died.
Kutner undoubtedly had for some
days contemplated ♦suicide, for he told
several of his friends that he would put
a ball through his head unless he im
proved in health soon. He bought a
revolver from a local firm a day or so
s go and it was with this that he com
mitted suicide.
Kutner was a native of Poland and
57 years old. He was connected with
the Kutner-Ooldst-in Company, the
largest general merchandising company
in the State. It has stores in Fresno,
I Fowler, Selma, Hanford, Huron and
, Madera, and is a very wealthy com
pany. He was until recently the senior
partner of the firm of Kutner & Rosen -
! thai of Madera, and it was there that
|he amassed his large fortune. He had
i retired from active business for some
ears. t
HELPED TO CONSTRUCT
FAMOUS COLTON HALL
MONTEREY, Aug. 17.— The funeral
of one of California's earliest pioneers
took place in this city to-day. William
|D. Robinson, known throughout the
\ State as "Uncle Billy" Robinson, died
■ at his home here yesterday, of old ape,
I after a brief illness. He was a native
of New England and in his eighty
fourth year.
Robinson came to California with
I Stevenson's regiment of volunteers in
1848. and. when the regiment disbanded,
he settled in Monterey, where he resid
led since. He took an active part in
early events of California's statehood
| and was well known by all pioneers.
When Colton Hall, the old State Capi
tol, was being built. "Uncle Billy" as
sisted in the carpenter work. During
his long residence here he became pos
sessed of much land and other property
and was considered quite wealthy at
the time of his death. He leaves four
j sons and one daughter, all residents of
Monterey.
♦ —
HEARST ARCHITECTURAL
JURY'S FINAL MEETING
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.-The final
meeting of the Jury for the Phebe A.
Hearst architectural plan for the Univer
sity of California will be held in San
Francisco September 1. The Jury is com
posed of R. Norman Shaw of England, J.
L, rascal of France, Paul "Wallot of Ger
many, "Walter Cook of New York and .r.
B. Reinntein of San Francisco. The jury
will decide to which one of the eleven
architects who were the successful com
petitors at the first meeting, held In the
Royal Museum of Fine Arts at Antwerp,
the award shall t>e made.
At the first meeting of the jury designs
were submitted by well-known architects
from every country in the world. Eleven
', plans were decided upon, six of which
I were drawn by architects of the United
States. The foreign architects will arrive
in New York August 18, and will leave for
San Francisco on August 23 in the private
car Atlanta via the Northern" Pacific.
James Hooe, Mrs. Hearst's representative
In Washington, will conduct the party.
Redding Forger Captured.
REDDING. Aug. 17.— Homer Sperry,
a half-breed, was placed under arrest
at Slatonis and brought to Redding by
Constable Eldridge last night for hav
ing participated in a forgery by which
the McCormick Seltzer Company of
] this city lost $250. On the way to Red
! ding, Sperry confessed, but said that
Jesse Brown had executed the forged
check. Sperry admitted having re
ceived half the money. The check was
drawn against the Wells-Fargo Bank
of San Francisco, presumably by Cog
gins Bros., Siskiyou lumbermen, and
made payable to A. L. Huff. Brown as
sumed the name of Huff. The check
was passed here on August 2. Brown
has been located in Mendocino County.
and orders for his arrest have gone for
ward.
Code Commission to Meet.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17.— The new
j Code Commission of the State will hold
i its first business session at Sacramento
1 beginning next Monday, A plan of
j work will be mapped out at this meet
| ing. Commissioner Denis will leave to-
I morrow for Sacramento.
A Lost
Opportunity !
That's what the retrospect will be if
you don't decide quickly to get into oil.
Now is the time. Stocks that are selling
to-day at a few dollars per share will
bring hundreds and possibly thousands
WHEN OIL IS STRUCK.
We have 2000 acres right in this wonder-
ful PanoChe belt. The leading experts
declare it positively oil bearing. Sinking
of wells commences immediately. Our
stock Is $4 per share now. Don't wait
until oil is struck and It's selling in the
hundreds, or it will be only another case
of "lost opportunity."
A FEW SHARES
Purchased now may mean ease and com-
fort Instead of drudgery and self-denial
the balance of your life.
Prospectus With Full Particulars Frh.
UNION CONSOLIDATED OIL AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
322-323 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
HAVE YOU
HPf. .i X ,
3 f%\? N
j\ -^o . .. £
y \\ t
f\ \ R
/\\ \ v I °
/ V \ / \ 11
U\ \ * |U\ U B
( \ ! I A, \ I
■■ Mr (f so, be cured by
/ '•* HUDTAN. . HUP-
/ VAX is a specific
/ fnr all .Kidney
1 Diseases, and lias
been the means of restoring to perfect health
more p«»ople than any other known remedy.
HUDTAN never fails in diseases of this na-
ture.
Be your own doctor, for this chart will en-
able you \o diagnose your own case. If your
kidneys are weak or diseased you will present
one or more of those symptoms: Fig. 1, head-
aches or dizzy spells: Kip. 2, pufflness unVSer
eyes or swollen eyelids; Fig. 3, "sallow com-
plexion and emaciation; lix. 4. pain in small
of back over kidneys, also weakness; Fig. 5-5,
weakness nf limbs. Other symptoms an- ex-
cessive thirst, loss of appetite, swelling of
ankles .-it:,! sediment In urine.
HUDYAN reaches all these symptoms, fir it
sops to the bottom of the evil and removes the
cause. Brlght's Disease or Diabetes BpeediiV
follow kidney weakness. Hudyan cures. If
you note any . of the above symptoms do not
-f— — .^.lelay, for you can
avert serious conse-
MEN AND quinces by taking a
WOMciNl few doses of the
ADVISED ; Great Hudyan. Bel-
FREE i °ntiflc medical men
fall or Writp marvel at Hudyan's
a " or write. I wonderful curative
-T r properties. If you
have been told that your case is incurable,
don't despair, for HI'DYAN will cure you.
• HUDTAN is for sale by druggist 3— s<>c a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
If y. ur druggist does noi kp<=p HI'DYAV
send direct to the HUDTAN REMEDY CO.,
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market 0t3., San Fran-
■.■':cn. Cal.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
AUdUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL. OR WRITE,
COPYRIGHT ittt fy X / y
A SORRY SIGHT
A man's linen is when sent home after
he has taken it to the wrong laundry.
If you want your white or colored
shirts, your collars and cuffs and your
underwear to be sent home In the pink
of condition, with the finest cqlor and
finish on it that it is possible to achieve,
bring it to the United States Laundry
and be happy.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 542 Eleventh St.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A £} 1051 1UBSST ST. tat 6±47ti. S.F.CaI. i
T Cf The Utreest Anatomical Museum In the \
A \Jm_ - World. VVeiknesses or »ny contracted m
T AgMh (!:smw p«r«ltl»rly raredry the oldest T
0 iPSI ipecmiiitro theCo«*t. Eft. 36 years. #
1 ' »3ci DR< JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
ImRI Consultation free and strlrtly private \
1 S jSvtiF H Tr« itment ptrjonaliy or by letter. A 3
1 I Or Si B Pot.tiv* Cur* In every case undertaken. V
,ISi if lI A Wnte for Book. rBII.OSOPBYef i
I'l I I" MARIIIAGE, MAILED free. (AT
& 11' valuable book for turn) a
! ' OR JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market St. 9. F. f
Rjß KSBB k ■*■ Sat
000000000000000000
oT«-" PALACE *•"?%
I GRAND hotels o
Q 9AH FHMNCISCO. "
** Connected by a cover*"! passageway. *'
0 1400 Rooms— wi h Bath Attached, ©
O Ail Under One Management. -O
O NOTE TEE PEIOKB: ' O
O "European Plan. f 1.00 per day and upward 0
O American Plan $3. <K» per day and upward A
-".' ' Correspondence Solicited. "
O JOHN 0. EIRKFATaiOK. Hunger. O
000000000000000000
IMCn VMM LOST vsgor,
' ■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impoteocy Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess sod
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood- builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale hecks and re*
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 pef
box* 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the menik
&rvita ifUdic*! Co., CHnton a Sacbton st»., gfticsg},
E. It. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market. S.F.
REYNOLD'S
jf^tf^l I TT Spocific
Sajß BLJb &w I Few persons need
s»» bo confined by
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first approach
if the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy ■ then, a single dose is often sufficient.
F-°POUCEUA a. CO.. 96.30 X. William St..V. V.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a 'Great Restorative, lnyigorator and .Ner-
vine. t< ■ - '-- •■ ' ■" ■-t ■.• - •'
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and madder.' Sells on Its own Merits. .
NABER. : ALFS & - BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market ' Street. S.F.— (Send for r Circular.)!
©IERCE'S
L^ FAVORITE
pESCRIPTieN
Jal FOR WEAK WOMEN. I
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Glaus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below PoweU.
San Francisco. - • ■ . , ,FAMINE IN
THE WAKE OF
THE STORM
Starvation Faces Thousands
of Homeless Porto
Kicans.
OUTLOOK APPALLING
Food Supplies Have Been Destroyed
; and the Populace Sleeps in
the Open Air..
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tcrlc
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
" <3on Bennett.
PAN JUAN, Porto Rico. Auk. 17.—
Visits to the most distressed districts
prove that the former reports of terri
ble conditions have, not been in the
least; exaggerated. The people in the
towns are huddled together anywhere
for shelter. In the country they are
Bleeping in the open air. The food sup
plies have been totally destroyed. Un
less succor comes in a few days, the
people will starve. Supplies from San
Juan have not yet arrived. The depots
In many towns are already surrounded
by large numbers of hungry persons.
As far as Caguas and Cayey. the san
itary condition is not threatening, but
reports from towns further south state
that their condition is dangerous. The
peril lies in the herding of the inhabit
ants in the towns.
The military commander of Adiuntas
reports to headquarters by courier that
some of the provisions of the troops
were wet and much is useless. There
Is urgent need of sending aid. The sit
uation in the town is very serious.
An official report from Guaymas says
that 2G5 houses were destroyed and 204
damaged by storm. In Yabucoa the
police" are obliged to protect peasants
bringinc: fruit from the country in order
to prevent it ing taken away from
them .by force by hungry mobs. The
situation there Is most desperate.
Troops have been ordered to avoid
trouble with the inhabitants, who have
held a public gathering to find a solu
tion of the difficulties. The municipal
ity has. no means to buy food and asks
for lvln from General Davis.
■ in Mayaguez scores of women, old
ni^n and children are homeless and are
b- srcir.ar shelter and food.
TJio -elv~>oner Concepcion, laden with
200- Torto .P.icans going as emigrants
to Hnmana. went adrift to-day. All
JuVnptd overboard and several were
drmvred; Some are now sheltered in a
B1 iv house, •'..;• others are wandering
al»»ur town.
In -'Arroyo ?0 per cent of the houses
wen: demolished. At Playa Porto noth
ing remains. The sea rushed Into the
Lown and : i:_ T lu> rs and boats can be seen
In the.streets. The Mayor of Maunabo
h:j:; J»eeli ■">blig<Vd to build a large shed
IrV.tfcV". middle of the plaza to shelter 200
homeless people. Two thousand per
?or.s have perlshedi In this who!,, dis
trirt, not 1000 pesos could be raised to
huv the provisions needed to allay
SIX LIVES LOST BY
A PARTING HAUSER
Sudden Swirrr of a Ferry-Boat
Throws a Party of Picnickers
Into the Water.
■ WASHINGTON, I- i. Aug. 17.— A
carriage containing six persons was
precipitated into White River last night
as it -was being driven aboard a ferry
boat, and ail were drowned. The dead
arc: Mrs. Albert' Eiensei and her four
children and Miss Amy Dillon.
Mrs. Hensel and her four children,
er^qinpanied" by Miss Dillon, drove into
.the country yesterday morning to a
picnic arid were returning home. Sev-
e ral miles above here they thought to
take a better road by ferrying across
th<- river. The horse had just stepped
.aboard ..the ferryboat when the hawser
parted and the boat swung: out. drop
pi irq the carriage with its occupants'
into the river. The swift current car
ried" the. victims under the boat in
stantly'and all were drowned. This
morning the bodies of the children were
recovered.
GOULDS INTERESTED
IN FEDERAL TRUST
■New Company to Be Organized Under
the Laws of New
Jersey.
NKW YORK, Aue. 17.— The Gould
family, it is reported, is interested in
the organization of the Federal Trust
Company. From all ace ounts the
1 family will control the com
a affairs. In the absence abroad
. f 'I'nrgv J. Gould no formal confir
mation of the reports could be ob
i. It is «;iid in the financial rtis
•hat the company will be organ
lzed under the New Jersey laws with
• ital of $1,000,000 and a surplus of
half that amount.
Death of Michael Dolan.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 17.— Michael
Dolan, one of the oldest residents of
Srin Mateo County, died at his home
nf-ir Fair Oaks yesterday. He was 64
of age. He leaves one daughter,
A. iKilan. Mr. Dolan was quite
wealthy.
CURED IN SIX WEEKS
By Dr. McLaughlin's Method. ;
/ . * '/, It is not surprising that Dr. Mc-
• . . *^s**«<4^ci.~<4^"*"* Laughlin's Electric Belt gives re-
jm^f@§tj E^^^^ JP*^^w e^ * n a ew a ys a n<3 cures the
t^ffitfaQ* -*lv^s^few^^^iS^lr^Sk most agprravated cases in from
W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m k oni " t0 lhreo mont hs. Electricity,
eaffttry^'" '" >\\^l fs S unlike drugs, can by this means
fii^^s:-—^^^vr^^'«— -=f?s?^M^ b e applied to the seat of dis-
<mso> and St infuS)!S health-giving
81 strength direct to the place de-
f . "^^-^y^^v^^^ ■ sired, quickly restoring the organs
*■•* "i ' to their normal vigor.
DAILY PROOF,
■ Dr. M. A. McLaughlln— Dear Sir: I new have used your Belt over six weeks and
find It all you , represented it to be. It has cured my v.-eakness, and I feel nn fresh
and strong as ever. Yours truly, - PHILIP J. DALY.
Suisun, June ■ 28, 1899.
ARE YOUR SUFFERING?
If so,- come and see me. Let me explain my method of treatment to you.
Let mo show you how simple, yet how powerful it Is. CAN YOU CALL?
IF NOT LET ME SEND YOU MY BOOK, describing It, free. Address
T\ Tl/T A M/»T numliliM 702 «»r«t 8t. t e»r. Kewny. B. T.:
Dr. M. A. lucLaugnlin, ii^i^B^T^"^ * cc "*
Office Hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. in.; Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
TEN NEW VOLUNTEER
REGIMENTS CALLED FOR
Will Be Hurried to the Philippines for
Active Service as Soon as
Organized,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
► ''ALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
► TON, Aug. 17. — Secretary' Root to-d.ay issued formal orders for the
■ organization of ten additional volunteer regiments for service In the
* Philippines. The regulars under orders to reinforce General Otis and
" the ten volunteer regiments already organized will reach Manila, as
* contemplated by the programme adopted to-day, by the latter part of
■ October and during October the Secretary desires that the regiments to
" be recruited shall sail for their destination. October 1 is given as the
► limit for the organization of the 13.090 men required for the ten new
► regiments. In appointing additional officers to command the new regi
* ments the President will be guided by the recoins and efficiency reports
► furnished by the Secretary of War as he did In the case of those
"■ appointed to-day. He will not make a final decision in the number of
- cases, however, until some of the Governors of States have been heard
*" from. Governor Gage of California, for instance, having telegraphed
► that he did not care to submit recommendations until the regiment of
► California Volunteers, which has served in the Philippines, had re
► turned to San Francisco.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— "The pol
icy of the War Department." said Sec
retary Root to-day, "Is to furnish Gen
eral Otis with all the troops and sup
plies that he can use and which are
necessary to wind up the Insurrection
in the Philippines in the shortest pos
sible time."
The Secretary was ppeaklng of the
ten regiments which were called out to
day by ord^r of the President. He said
that no delay would be allowed in en
listing, equipping and supplying the
new regiments already organized to
i the Philippines as soon as they were
, needed for active operations. If the
present number of transports are insuf
ficient more will be procured. The men
• already enlisted for the Philippine serv
ice will be sent at once and the new
regiments will be forwarded as fast as
they are organized and needed. While
there has been some suggestion that
! the new regiments will be used as a re
serve force, it may be stated positively
that these regiments, as well as more
if they can be used, will be sent to
'reinforce General oiis.
Secretary Root sent a copy of the
order of to-day to the various depart
: ments of the army and they at once
: began preparations for supplying the
new organizations.
Within half an hour the Ordnance
i Bureau had sent orders to the different
: arsenals directing that complete out
! flta of arms and ordnance supplies for
; each regiment be sent to the rendez
vous where they are to be organized.
The Quartermaster's Department gave
orders for supplying; tents, clothing and
other equipments furnished by that de
partment, while the Commissary De
partment ordered a sufficient suppty of
rations to be on hand to feed the troops
a fast as they arrive. The Medical
Department was also directed to see^
that supplies were sent. The regi- y
ments will be recruited with the same
care exercised in enlisting the first ten
regiments.
Th« districts not very thoroughly
covered in recruiting for ttv first ten
regiments will be visited by the offi
cers recruiting for these regiments. It
is the intention of th* department to
have the regiments give more attention
to firing than to any other feature of
thp drill. The men will be armed, as
are the regular infantry regiments,
■with th<> magazine army rifle.
TYip selection of thp majors and com
pany officers for the regiments is now
occupying the attention of the Secre
tary! and the men are being chosen
from among the volunteers who were
called out in the Planish war. Ttv
officers will be distributed as equitably
; as possible among the*different States,
but the efficiency record of the men will
; govern to a great extent in their se
lection. ,
Th» regiments will be numbered from
thirty-eight to forty-seven, and will be
' organized at the following places j n the
order nam<=d: Fort SnelUng and Fort
Crook, Nehr.: Fort Riley, Kans. ; two
at ('amp Meade, Pa.: Fort Niagara, N.
V • Fort Ethan All^n. Vt.: Fort I<eav
enworth, Kans.: Jefferson Barracks,
Mo., and South Framingham. Mass.
As will be seen by to-day's order, the
; regiments are to b*> recruited in the
New England and the Western States.
Kansas and Pennsylvania have been
selected as the best field for recruits.
It is paid that no special effort is to be \
made to secure recruits in the Southern i
States. This is due. it is said, to the
experience of the officers who operated
in that quarter for recruits for the t»n
volunteer regiments just organized. The
only places where difficulty was expe- |
rlenced in securing men was in Geor- j
(Cia, Alabama and the Carollnas and |
the Gulf States and the two Northwest
ern Pacific States.
To-day's action will add 13.090 men
to the enlisted strength of the army
and increase the total strength of th>^
army to 95.035 men. The total number
of volunteers called into service is 30.170
men. b<Mng only 4530 men short of the
total authorized volunteer eatablish-
I ment of 35.000. It is stated at the de
! partnvnt that the number of volun
! teers already called into service is re
garded as amply sufficient to meet all
possible needs of the army, and that
: th<*r<» If no possibility that the remain
ing 4592 volunteers will be called for.
Yesterday recruiting for the volunteer |
; army amounted to 289 men. making the i
! total recruitment to date 14,122. or 1032
in excess of the number required to
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. AUGUST 18, 1899.
complete the ten regiments organized
under the order of July 5. All of these
regiments have secured their full quota
except the regiment at Fort McPher
son. Ca., the Thirty-third at Fort Sam
Houston. Texas, and the Thirty-fifth
Regiment at Vancouver Barracks.
These three regiments will be filled by
the use of the overflow from the more
successful regiments. The remainder of
the excess will be used in filling the
volunteer regiments being slowly or
ganized in the Philippines, which are
about ISOO m*»n short.
The colonels and lieutenant colonels
of th.^ new regiments are announced as
follows:
Colonels— Thirty-eighth. George S. An
derson, major Sixth Cavalry; Thirty
ninth, R. L. Billiard, captain subsistence
department; Fortieth. E. A. Godwin, cap
tain Kiphth Cavalry; Forty-first T C
Richmond, captain Second Artillery; For
ty-second, J. M. Thompson, major" Twen
ty-fourth Infantry; Forty-third, Arthur
Murray, captain First Artillery; Forty
fourth. E. J. MoClolnand. captain Second
Cavalry; Forty-fifth, J. H. Dorst. captain
Fourth Cavalry; Forty-sixth. W S Schuy
ler. captain Fifth Cavalry; Forty-seventh,
Walter Howe, captain Fourth Artillery.
Lieutenant Colonels— B. Pratt, captain
Twenty-third Infantry; C. J. Crane, cap
tain Twenty-fourth Infantry: — Byrne
captain Sixth Infantry; J. S. "Mallory cap
tain Second Infantry; E. H. Crowde'r, ma
jor, judge advocate; James Barker, cap
tain Fourth cavalry; Francis Michler cap
tain Fifth Cavalry; W. E. Wilder, captain
Fourth Cavalry; J. H. Beacom, captain
Sixth Infantry: John Blgclow Jr., captain
Tenth Cavalry.
INSURGENTS ATTEMPT
TO RECAPTURE ANGELES
MANILA. Aug. 17.. 6:10 p. m.—
Eight hundred insurgents attacked
Angeles this morning, but the Twelfth
Regiment drove them into the moun
tains. Three ditched locomotives were
captured. None of the American troops
were injured. The insurgent loss is
not known. C. T. Spencer erf Kentucky
a reporter of the Manila Times, was
killed yesterday during the fight at An
geles.
WYOMING TROOPS
ARRIVE AT NAGASAKI
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.-The trans
port Grfent, with the Wyoming troops
arrlwi at Nagasaki on her way to San
I rancisco.
BOLD ATTEMPT TO
HOLD UP A TRAIN
Robbers Easily Beaten
Back.
Pppctai Plspatch to Thf Call.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Aug. 17.— As pns
senger train No. 1 on the Colorado and
Southern was proceeding south be
tween Folsom and Dcs Moines about
9:30 o'clock last night, robbers attempt
ed to hold up the train, but were frus
trated in the attempt.
The first warning the trainmen had
was when the engineer was ordered to
uncouple the engine and baggage car
from the train. The conductor, sus
pecting trouble, immediately went for
ward and fired on the robbers. The
robbers returned the fire and shot the
express messenger, Fred Bartlett.
through the left side of the face, badly
shattering the jaw-bone. Frank Har
rington, the conductor, also received
a very slight wound in the fleshy part
of the arm.
A special train, with the Sheriff's
posse aboard, left Trinidad early this
morning for the scene of the attempted
hold-up. A man was found a few rols
from the track badly wounded. He ac
knowledged that ho was the man who
had attempted to hold-up the train and
said it was his first attempt. He gave
his name as George Stevens and said
he lived in the Panhandle. This is the
third attempt toehold up this train
within two years.
DAIRYMAN SUED FOR
BREACH OF PROMISE
! Mary Silva Plaintiff and Joseph Cos
tello Defendant in a San
Rafael Case.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 17.— Mary Silva, a
pretty girl, wpII known in local Portu
fcin'^- circles, has filed a breach of prom
ise suit in the Superior Court, through
Attorney J. W. Cochrane, against Joseph
Costello, a dairyman. She demands that
the defendant pay her damages in the
sum of $10,000 and the costs of suit.
It is alleged in the complaint that Cos
tello asked Miss Silva'fl hand in marriage
on October 15, 'IS9B, and that she accepted
his proposal. As time wore on and the
defendant showed no desire to marry ho
was reminded of his promise and "kopt
advising delay, until at last he definitely
refused to marry the plaintiff. She claims
' that because of his promise of marriage
I she has since remained single and has
suffered great mental anguish on account
of his refusal to fulfill his promise. Cos
tello is a member of the dairy firm of
Brazil & Co. and is reported to be a
wealthy man.
Attorney M. F. Cochrane says it will be
proved Miss Sllva was betrayed under
promise of marriage- and that Costello is
the father of her child.
Sandstorm in Tulare County.
VISALIA, Aug. 17.— The biggest sand
storm of the Beason is prevailing in the
west part of this county. The aky has
been obscured all day. Owing to the
heavy growth of trees about Visalia a
sandstorm never comes within eight miles
of this city.
FILIBUSTERS
ARE CAPTURED
AT SANTIAGO
Had Planned to Send Ammu
nition and Supplies Into
Santo Domingo.
A QUESTION OF LAW
General Brooke Applies to the War
Department for Instructions
Regarding Prisoners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Aug. 17. — Major General Brooke has
sent to the War Department a report
of the arrest near Santiago de Cuba
yesterday of General Jose Guerrero and
twenty-nine others charged with or
ganizing a filibustering expedition to
go to Santo Domingo. No instructions
have yet been sent to him regarding
the disposition to be made of the men
who have been arrested and there is
some uncertainty among officials as to
just how far the neutrality laws of the
United States can be applied to the
offenses committed in Cuba,
It seems very certain that the text
of the American law has no force in
that island so long as it is held as at
present, in trust for the Cubans, but
under the well established principles
of international Law this Government
could be held responsible for the acts
of any hostile expedition organized in
<"üba or making that island the base
of its operations. Such government as
the United States exercises in the isl
and is a military government in which
the will of commander in chief is su
preme law, and General Brooke will
probably find some way of dealing with
the situation.
General Abelardo Mascasco of New
York, formerly Governor of one of the
provinces of San Domingo and a friend
of Jimtnez, the revolutionary leader,
called at the War Department to-day
and denied that anything was being
done in this country at present in aid
of the revolution.
PORTO PLATA. Aug. 17.— President
Figuero has been advised that the ex
pedition <>f General Jiminez has been
captured and imprisoned at Baracoa,
Cuba. Th>» lY^sident is also informed
that General Jiminez himself will re
main in Havana.
SAN DOMINGO, Aug. 17.— 1 lnter
viewed President Figuero to-day and
h<* assured me of his confidence in the
ability of the Government to maintain
order. As regards yesterday's demon
stration he said that it was trivial and
that ho had therefore ordered the re
lease of the prisoners to-day. The
President was extremely courteous and
rxpiv-pspd sentiments of warm friend
ship for the United States. A special
sr-ssion of Congress, convened to con
sider a proposition to reduce the
amount of money to bo applied to the
Interest on the national debt by 20 per
cent, adjourned without action.
The Minister of War says that every
thing is quiet at Mnnte Christi. The
British warship Proserpine is expected
here to-morrow.
REFUGEES WARNED
TO LEAVE HAYTI
PORT AU PRINCE. Aver. 17.— The
Haytlen Government notified foreign
Ministers to-day that it has issued a
decree expelling refugees who are under
its protection. Refugees must tnke the
first Bteamer leaving the republic.
Ludembmirg Cauvin and Hf-rard Roy
have been appointed Ministers of Jus
tice and Finance respectively. Th.- lat
ter succeeds Lafontin, who is now in
Paris. __^_________
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Changes in the Army and List of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The Inte
rior Department has granted for use
for California school purposes TOO acres
of land in Independence and 3*9 acres
in Susanville district. Titles for these
lands have been cleared by the depart
! ment.
Army orders — By direction of the See.
retary of War Acting Assistant Sur
geon J. Samuel White will proceed from
this city to San Francisco and report in
person to the commanding general of
the Department of California for as
signment to duty.
Recruit Charles Sullivan, Company
14, casual detachment, Presidio, San
; Francisco, having enlisted under false
pretenses, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States.
Sergeant Gus I. Osterberg, Company
I, Ninth Infantry, Philippine Islands,
is transferred as a private to Troop C,
Fourth Cavalry. Recruit Patrick Bax
ter, general service. Presidio, San Fran-
CISCO, will be discharged the service by
the commanding officer of his station.
Private Lewis Schabinger, Battery D,
First Artillery, Jackson Barracks,
Louisiana, is transferred to the Third
Artillery. He will be sent to Angel
Island, and will, upon arrival at that
post, report to the commanding officer
of the Third Artillery for assignment to
the battery of that regiment stationed
at the Philippine Islands.
The following pensions have been
granted:
California: Original — Leander Juarez,
Santa Barbara. $6: Manasses M. Floey,
San Bernardino, $*i; .lames Dodsworth,
! San Francisco, $S; Samuel R. Dolliver,
San Francisco, $12; Charles H. Branch,
Gilroy, $G; Ralph Haskins, Gilroy, $12;
Henry A. Sotierlund, San Francisco, $8.
Increase — Cyrene K. Matteson, San
Bernardino, $8 to $14. Original widows,
etc. — Elizabeth Kennedy, Sacramento,
$3.
Oregon: Original— Matnias Flock,
The Dalles, $6; Andrew \V. Powers,
Portland, $6. Increase — Curtis M.
Brown, Toledo, $6 to- $8. War with
Spain— Diama Fletcher, Portland, $12.
Washington: Reissue — Minors of
Robert H. Dunlap, Brookfield, $18.
Work on Mare Island's Dock.
VALLEJO. Aug. 17.— The Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific Company, to which the Gov
ernment awarded the contract for the
building of the new Mare Island drydock
for $729,000. has notified the yards and
docks department that within ten days
the company will have a representative
on the site, and active operations will
then begin. According to the contract
the dock must be completed within thirty
months. Plans are being drawn by the
company for Its office and administration
buildings, which will be locatej near the
dock. The employes of the company will
live on the Island In temporary quarters,
and It Is reported that a cookhouse to
accommodate 150 men will be constructed.
•
Local Option at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 17.— The City
Council this evening amended the li
cense ordinance so that it provides that
a majority of the electors in each ward
may petition to have the liquor traffic
suspended in their ward. The Mayor
and Council shall grant such petition.
BOOMING VAN WYCK AS
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE
Joseph J. Willett Opens Headquarters in
New York and Will Engineer the
Campaign.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Augustus
Van Wyck's Presidential boom is in
New York watched and nurtured by j
Joseph J. Willett of Alabama and a
cordon of Southerners and commercial !
travelers. It is housed in the Hoffman j
House, where Mr. Willett has engaged |
for it a suite of rooms. Mr. Van Wyck j
did not see it yesterday, but Mr. Wil
lett showed it to hundreds of callers
and -went at night to the Van Wyck
borne In Brooklyn, where he told how
it had spent the day.
Mr. Willett came from his home in j
Anniston, arriving about 1 o'clock in j
the afternoon. He asked for mail and j
two boys carried to his room the hun
dreds of letters and telegrams that '<
! awaited him.
William F. Harrlty of Pennsylvania,
formerly chairman of the national
commltee, called on him and after the j
two had had conference and Mr. Har- i
j rity had gone rto Saratoga, Mr. Willett
dictated this statement:
"Colonel Bryan, I understand, has \
been negotiating with Richard Croker i
since early last May. Oliver H. P. Bel- !
mont first conducted these negotiations j
as only a Bryan diplomatist could. If
Tammany is satisfied with Mr. Croker
declaring for Bryan, then next to Mr.
Croker Mr. Belmont is entitled to be I
considered the greatest man in Tarn- j
many Hall and deserves second place
on the ticket should Mr. Crocker and
Mr. Bryan dominate the next national !
i convention. These intrigues began j
| early last May. I was here about that
time and met one of Mr. Bryan's most j
trusted friends at the Waldorf one !
night and had a little side conversation j
with him. He told me, not in confl- I
dence, however, that Mr. Bryan had
written a letter to him for the purpose !
of having it shown to Mr. Belraont. In j
this letter Mr. Bryan stated what he j
i was willing to dp and that practically j
' is what he has just done in his lowa j
speech — that is to subordinate the sil- j
j ver issue. In return for this he expect- j
' ed the support of Mr. Croker and that |
Mr. Croker would alter his views on
the question of expansion to conform I
with those of Mr. Bryan. Information
in this letter was to be sent by Mr. Bel
mont to Mr. Croker, who had just sail
ed for England.
"At the same time the committee of
one hundred of the dollar dinner,
through Mr. Quinby. Mr. Bryan's offl
cial representative in this city, was, I \
am informed, to have made a com- i
; bination with John C. Sheehan.
It was at this time that Mr. ;
Sheehan declared war «»upon Mr. I
Croker. But he did not know that,
fine Italian hand of Mr. Belmont was !
at work. Belmont prevented the com- <
mittee of one hundred adding Mr.
WERE SHIRKING
THE LIQUOR TAX
Officers of a Missouri
Distillery Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. T.OT'IS, Aug. 17.— George M. Starck,
president of the Stonehill Wine Company
of Hermann, Mo., the largest wlnemaking
concern east of California, and one of the
most ii.fluential and respected citizens of
the State, was brought to this city to-day
by United States Marshal Bohle, who had
arrested him on the charge of defrauding
th<» <;overtiment by making and dispos
ing of brandy on which the revenue tax
had not been paid.
The arrest was made at Hermann at mid
night and the immense distillery, wine
cellars and plant, valued at $250,000, were
seized by a deputy of the United Statea
Internal Revenue Department. It is not
yet known by the Government officials
how mi.eh was realized by the alleged
sale of brandy on which the tax was not
paid.
Mr. Starck said: "I know absolutely
nothing of the rectifier which has caused
all the trouble. We have been rectifying
but three years, and my son attended to
that end of the business altogether. I had
no idea there was any trouble until I
learned the first of the month that the
revenue officers were here looking over
our books and plants. I did not pay much
attention to it then."
He denied emphatically that he had
been a party to any attempt to defraud
the Government, or that he knew of any
such attempt.
O. G. Starck, secretary of the wine com
pany, was arrested to-day on the same
charge preferred against his father. He
had preceded his father to St. Louis,
having come here on business connected
with the distilllery. At 1:30 a. m., both
prisoners were taken before the United
States Commissioner for examination.
Commissioner Gray at the conclusion of
the preliminary examination, held each in
bonds of $ooou to the Federal Grand Jury.
This bail was furnished and the prisoners
were released.
The warrant under which they were
arraigned charges President Starck and
his son with "Knowingly, willfully and
feloniously rectifying distilled spirits,
not tax paid, without giving notice there
of; removing distilled spirits, not tax
paid; distilling spirits without paying
the tax thereon, and failing to cancel
stamps and marks on packages of dis
tilled spirits/;
SHALL THE CLERGY
PAY DOCTOR'S BILLS?
SAN JOSE. Aug. 17.— The Santa Clara
County Medical Society is seriously
considering the advisability of charging
the clergy full rates for medical services
for themselves and their families. The
prevailing custom now is to give minis
ters and their families a liberal reduction
on doctor bills, generally about 25 per
cent. The question was fully discussed
at a meeting of the doctors last night and
had any of the reverend gentlemen been
present their ears would tingle for months
to come.
The topic, "Is it dignified or just for
the medk-al profession to furnish gratui
tous services to the clergymen and their
families?" brought up the question. All
those present were opposed and some
spoke in vigorous terms. It was claimed
the system was wrong. It was customary
to charge laborers, many of whom re
ceived less than $2 a day, while ministers,
who, in most instances, made as much
as the average physician, got reductions.
It was declared there were many doctors
anxious to serve ministers in order to ad
vertise themselves, especially if the fa
vored pastor were popular.
In all probability the question will be
brought up again and some definite ac
tion taken. In this case there promises
to be a breach between the ministers and
doctors that may be aired from the va
rious pulpits.
Killed by a Fall.
RED BLUFF, Aug. 17.— Jason Sllva,
aged 65 years, fell from a load of straw
yesterday. He landed upon a stump,
causing concussion of the brain. He
died last evening.
Sheehan to their forces and postponed
any action until Mr. Croker could be
heard from. This influence of Shee
han's, as well as that of Charles W.
Dayton, had been solicited to Join the !
Bryan forces with Norman E. Mack of
Buffalo, general manager of the move
ment in the State. Opposition was to
have been made when the Democratic
Committee met in St. Louis at the time
of the anti-trust dinner on May 20.
"Just before that word was received
by Mr. Belmont from Mr. Croker, so I
am informed, and conveyed to Mr.
Bryan, that the Tammany chieftain
was willing to accept Mr. Bryan's
principles and that he would declare
himself on his return from Europe. In
the meantime, through Norman E.
Mack and Mr. Belmont. Mr. Bryan was !
to cut loose all connections with Shee- j
han.
"Thinking that everything was ar
ranged, former Governor Stone of Mis
souri visited this city and solicited
Judge Augustus Van Wyck to attend
the anti-trust dinner, which he declined
to do.
"When I came into possession of these
facts several warm admirers of Judge
Van Wyck met in the Lawyers' Club
of this city and decided that if this
condition proved to be true we were I
to declare ourselves in favor of the
gr^at New York Democrat who is be
loved all over the South.
"There was already strong feeling
throughout the South against Mr.
Bryan because it was reported and be
lieved by many that he had refused
to vote for the late Speaker Crisp in j
the Democratic caucus on the ground
that the Georgia statesman had been
a Confederate officer.
"Judge Van Wyck. In my opinion, will
receive the solid support of at least five
Southern States in the next national
convention. The Southern people will
not support any man who has already
dropped the silver issue and is now
intriguing with Richard Croker to de
liver a blow at Augustus Van Wyck.
who is one of the most popular men in
the South, and who is looked upon as a
Southern man.
"There is the 'Big Four' now in na
tional politics— Bryan, Croker. Altgeld
and Belmont. It was the fear of Au
gustus A"an Wyck that forced Bryan to
negotiate with Croker early in May.
Commercial travelers began circulating
Van Wyck's anti-trust speech all over
the country, and they are continuing j
to do so. Commercial travelers seem !
to have adopted Van Wyck as their
favorite.
"Several of the leading commercial
travelers all over the South have al
ready called on me and assured me of
the deep interest the commercial trav
elers had in the cause of Van Wyck.
and a great many of the Bryan leaders
in the South candidly admit in private
that there is no earthly chance of his
election if he is nominated."
FIERCE FOREST FIRES
IN NORTHERN NEW YORK
Thousands of Farmers Fighting the
Flames and Many Families
Moving Out.
WATERTOWN, N. V., Aug. 17.— A
large portion of Northern New York,
including the counties of Jefferson, St.
I/nvrence and Lewis, is being swept by
fierce forest fires that have already de
stroyed thousands of dollars' worth of
valuable timber land and threaten to
do more serious damage unless
quenched by a heavy rain.
Reports received by the Standard
from different localities in this and
other counties this afternoon show that
the situation is very serious. In the
southern part of this county, in the
vicinity of Smithville, thousands of
acres of timber land have been burned
over.
A dispatch from Antwerp says Cop
ley's big woods are afire and dwelling
houses on the outskirts of the village
are in danger of destruction.
Many families have moved out, fear
ing that the flames will reach their
houses and destroy their possessions.
From Philadelphia to Clayton and from
Black River to Lowville the fires, are
raging. A dispatch from Canton! St.
Lawrence County, states that forest
fires are raging at Pyrites and that
many buildings are in danger. Thou
sands of farmers are fighting the
flames.
Oil for Viaalia Streets.
VIBALIA, Aujr. 17.— The experiment of
sprinkling the streets with oil Is to be
tried In Vlsalia at once. The Board of
Trade Is back of the move. Two cars of
oil will arrive to-morrow. If the experi
ment proves satisfactory all the streets of
the city will be soaked with oil.
must be upheld :
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Self- measurement blank is sent to those %
who cannot come in for measurement.
S. N.WOOD&CO. I !
718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.
FOUND HARDSHIPS,
BUT LITTLE GOLD
Dusty Diamond Party's
Experience.
SOUGHT WEALTH IN ALASKA
TWO YEARS' VAIN TOIL ON
GOLOVIN BAY.
Chicago Argonauts Return From the
North Poorer but Wiser Thau
When They Sailed From
Seattle.
Special Dispatch to The Call. r
SEATTLE, Aug. 17.— H. R. Rosecaulp
of Chicago, who was a member of the
Dusty Diamond party of Chicago, has re
turned from Alaska with an interesting
story concerning the fortunes of that
party. The party was composed of fifty
men. members of the Chicago Fire De
partment and manufacturers of that city.
They sailed from Seattle in May, 1597,
intending to go to Dawson City. Through
ill-luck they reached St. Michael late, and
were detained there until it became too
late to make the up-river trip. Then they
headed for the Fish River country, in the
Golovln Bay district, from which good re
ports were coming. There they have re
main* d ever since.
Their expedition outfit cost an even $50,
--000, $1000 having been put Into the proposi
tion by each member of the party. After
sixteen months of hardships and priva
tions they hnve been enabled to draw out
$400 to the man. The party is now broken
up and dispersed. Thirty-nine of the men
worked steadily through June and July
last, -sluicing on some claims owned by
the party on Ophir Creek, a small tribu
tary to the Nfukluk. in the Golovin Bay
country. For this two months' work they
got only J4oou. which was divided pro rata
among the fifty men.
Bediock they Vfound from eighteen
inches to four feet below the surface.
There was an immense amount of water
in the creek, and a great deal of damming
had to be done in order to make it possible
to Kluice at all. Through the long winter
months the party worked laboriously,
whipsawlng lumber and preparing it for
the sluicing season. The winter was
passed without great hardship, owing to
the abundance of fuel and the large
amount of supplies on hand.
Finally, coming to the conclusion that
the Dusty Diamond expedition was not to
be a success, the members decided to
liquidate and wind up the affairs of the
company. They sold their steamer, which
cost them $$000. for $1500 to the Alaska
Exploration Company. They sold a lot
of their goods, and during the open season
made some money with the steamer.
Twelve of the party returned to Seattle
by the Alliance. Captain Sieger, who
headed the expedition and was once a
captain in the Chicago Fire Department,
left the country some time ago with a
number of others.
ADRIFT FOR SIXTY HOURS
SEATTLE, Augr. 17.— Jacob Huneker of
Mansfield. Ohio, who arrived here last
night from St. Michael. Alaska, had a ter
rible experience on Hoodura Inlet, Kotze
bue Sound. He was shipwrecked, and for
sixty hours was adrift in a water-logged
boat without any assistance whatever and
without a bite to eat.
Hunekf-r and two passengerte sailed for
the Kotzebue country over a year ago.
About the middle of July a party of six
teen men left the Episcopal mission, near
Point Hope, and coasted along the shore,
| heading for the Kowak River country.
After being out a short time a storm
came up. and fifteen of the boats— those
with the pails up— were quickly blown
ashore. Huneker's boat, being without
pails, made slow passage, and the fury of
the storm soon became sucn that he found
himself unable to get to shore. In spite
of his best efforts he soon was drifting:
helplessly about in the inlet.
The second morning his boat capsized.
He succeeded in righting it. and for sev
oral hours Huneker remained on his knees
in the stern nf the boat, with only his head
above water. When the storm ahated
i Huneker reached shore. He was found a
I few hours later asleep by passing pros
pectors, who by careful nursing restored
him to health.
FOUR MEN SURVIVE.
SEATTLE, Aug. 17.-A. E. Plummer of
Port Townsend. Wash., who was a mem
ber of the schooner Elk party, all of
whom it has been previously reported per
ished last winter in Kotzebue Sound, has
arrived hore. He brings news that only
five members of the party died, as foI
°CAPTAIN CHARLES SMITH, Port
Blakely, Wash. ■ .
MATH FRANK JOHNSON, Port Btake
ly, Wash.
FRANK KTELF.R. Bay City. Mich.
.T. J. KINEHART SMITH, Milwaukee,
Wis.
DUNCAN MeCALL. Roscoe, 111.
The remaining members of the party—
Plummer. J. C. Morris of Duluth. Minn.:
A. J. Hulton of Bay City. Mich., and P. J.
Vetter of Scran ton. Pa.— were saved from
death by a rescue party from the Quaker
mission at Cape Blossom.
To Investigate the Schools
LIMA, Peru. Aug. 17.— 1n the Chamber
of Deputies yesterday Deputy Velez made
a motion that a note be addressed to Ihe
Minister of Instruction requiring an ex
planation as to why the Council had de
cided to cloae the English schools in Cal
lao. The motion was adopted.
34
SUMMER HARDY
WINS THE TENNIS
CHAMPIONSHIP
Defeats Bell in the
Finals.
SURPRISE AT SANTA MONICA
HENDRICK AND SINSABAUGH
UPSET CALCULATIONS.
Miss May Button, the Phenomenal
Young Player. Continues to
Win in Tournament
Games.
Special tMspatch to Th fall.
SANTA MONICA, Aug. 17.— Sumner
Hardy of Oakland won in the 'finals in
the all-comers' singles against Bell to
day, and wi!l carry the cup and tennis
championship to his northern home. It
was an exciting contest, and, while the
crowd's* sympathy was with the southern
man, the northern one was loudly cheered
for his excellent playing.
in tlic all-camers' doubles orcurred the
lirst rtHl surprise of the tournament,
when fiend rick and Sinsabaugh. young
players, beat Bell and Braley, who had
been listed as champions.
Tho day was perfect, and the large at
tendance crowded the courts. Mrs. H. M.
Gorham, assisted by Miss Rose New
mark, was hostess of the day. Miss May
Sutton. ihe phenomenal 13-year-old
player, was again a winner. Summary:
"A!l-eomc rs" singles, finals— Hardy beat Bell;
8-0, 6-2. 7-"..
Gentlemen'e double*— Hendricks and Sinsa
bawjjh beat I>ll and Braley; 6-2, 0-fi. 7-5.
Mixed 'doubles— Way and "Miss • May Sutton
beat Mies O. Donnell and Braley; «-2. 6-3.
Ladies' pini;|p.«— Miss Violet Simon beat Mrs.
S?yrir>ur; <i-2. 6-2.
Miss B. -Sutton beat Mis? O. Donneli; 6-0,
Mies rvibbins beat Miss Seymour; ■' I, 6-4.
M>-n's doubles— GoodlnE and Oliver beat P.
Rowf.n and Verlel: 'i-i. 4- l \ 5-4.
Har.ly and Way beat Pedley and Wilson; B-l,
S-l.
Miyed doubles— Misa ' bel Sutton and Conde-
Jnn^s beat fl\ Sutton and 1... Oliver; 6-3, ■•-:.
•Miss ■pohb'n;* and Hardy beat Miss B. Don
ie!l and Homlrlrk: 6-1, ti-4.
Miss May Sutton and Way beat Miss O. Don
■ifl! and Hraley; 6-2. 6-3.
NEW TENNIS CHAMPIONS
Ward nnd ; Davis Wrest the Honors j
From Ware and Sheldon. :
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 17.— Splendid j
weather ntinued to favor the tennis'
ilayers iri the national championship tour
nament to-day, and the largest crowd of
the week was on hand. The great attrac
tion was the championship doubles he-!
tween Ware and Sheldon I ■ he champions j
>f last yean and Ward and Davis-(win
ners of the East and West match yester
lay and challengers for the champion- i
=hir>). Davis" playing was the li ad Ing I
feature. At first he smashed a great deal
into the net and out of the court, and [
Ward's steadiness prevented his side los- j
ing many games. When the score stood |
four games all in the first Davis began to i
steady wonderfully; and from that time 1
his smashes were almost invincible. He !
fairly drove his way through the next
two games and won the set. — J. Ward \
md Davis won the next two pets, 6 — I
Next in Importance to the championship-!
ioubles was the HuntfiiKton-Stevens
match in single?, which was a long- i
drawn-out affair. With the sets 2— love '
i_aiT\-t him. it looked as though Hunting- '
ton would be beaten, but at the beginning i
of the third set his play Improved. Stev- i
pbs played his usual base line game, hit-;
ting the balls with good speed and ac- j
curacy. His inability to come to the net !
counted against him and Huntlngton I
played against this weakness. With the!
score two sets all and five games to one i
agsUnst Stevens. Huntlngton was within j
one. point of, winning the match three j
times, but each time Stevens won the I
point by accurate passing. Th.- fourth j
time, however. Huntingdon cross-courted j
beautifully and won. • " - ;
Rond to-day won his first important i
match In the East this .summer against !
Wright, the national Interscholastic cham- \
nion. Tbe match was hard fought from j
beginning to end. both men running to
the net on their services. Bond volleyed
hotter than in his previous matches, while I
Wripht was not bo steady. Summary:
Championship doubles— Ward and Davis (chal- j
lancers) lx-at Ware and Sheldon (holders); 6-4, •
6-4. «-3. •
Championship singles, second round—Hunting
ton l>eat Stevens; 2-6. 3-6, 6-2, 6-3, 6-1.
. Paret boat Avery; fi-3, 6-2, 6-3.
Ward heat Mundy; 4-6, 10-8. 6-2, 6-0.
Davis beat Heard; 6-2. 6-0, 6-1.
L'Bond heat Wrigrht; 2-6. 3-6, 6-2, 6-3. 6-1.
Consolation sincles, first round— Little beat I
Kittri.-k, £-2. £-o.
Freshman beat Wirthead by default.
Sturgis l'-nt Willing; fi-4, 6-2.
■ Bridges beat nicker: 6-3, i K. 6-4.
'Fisher bear Chace by default.
Clothier beat W. C. Grant by default.
Avery beat 1... .1. Grant; 6-3, 6-1.
f-'econd rouno— Fosher beat Clothier; 3-6. 6-4,
6-2.
Bturgls beat Bridges— 4M, 4-6, 6-2.
— — — — *
Drawings at Del Monte
DEL MONTE, A up. 17.— Great inter
esl wai evinced to-niarht in the draw
ing fnr the tt-nnia tournament, which
will take place on th" courts at this
plane to-mormw and Saturday.
Twelve teams entered and wcro handi
capped by Samuel Hardy and James
A. Code. The 'hawing resulted as fol
lows: Johnson and Beacer \s. Coda
and ETardy; Emery and Hamilton vs!
Jones and A^guello; Hunt and Stnn^
vs. Warburton and Fatjo; Pybrun and
Rdwling vs. Phillips and Smith; Root
and Bradshaw vs. Cornell and Weihe,
and Whitney Brothers .vs. Harper
I .ret hers.
Toured the World on a Bicycle.
William Reyman, the bicycle rider who
has m.-ii- a circuit of the*)rtobe, arrived
i;i this city on the last I'hina steamer. He
■ ft New fork February IS, 1*97, and has
made his journey by easy stages. His
machine Is a solid tirrd safety of low
proar. Reyman carries some sixty pouuds
■ f clothing 1 , tools and camping utensils
He will remain here some time.
To keep the skin clean
ib to wash the cxeretions
frcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort cf violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All ports of stores sell it, especially
druggists i all sorts of people use it
FASTEST MILE
BY A TROTTER
THIS SEASON
Bingen Goes Around
in 2:06 1-4.
STARTS IN SIXTH PLACE
■■ » —
BEATEN FOR THE PURSE BY
THE ABBOTT.
Coney, the California Pacer, Wins the
2:28 Class Event at Glens
Falls in Straight
Heats.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
GLENS FALLS; N. V., Aug. 17.—
third day of the Grand Circuit meeting
furnished the most exciting races and the
closest finishes of the week. Perfect
weather prevails and the track is In
splendid condition and remarkably fast.
This was shown by the result of the
second heat In the free-for-all trot, when
Bingen, driven by Titer, went the quarter
In :31|4; the half In 1:03. the three-quarters
In 1:35 and the mile in 2:06%, bettering
his own record by a half second and going
the fastest mile trotted this season on any
track. Bingen's mile was all the more
surprising, as he started in sixth place.
The Abbott was but a short half length
behind.
Just prior to the start of the 2:10 pace
the announcement was made thai the fa
vorite. Hal B. would not Mart on account
of lameness, and all bets were declared
off. The first heat of this event gave the
spectators a beautiful finish. Ace going
under the wire first, with Flirt and Am
bulator in the order named. In the last
heat Ambulator threw a shoe and broke
his hobbles soon after getting the word,
and was obliged to leave the track.
The final heat of the free-for-all trot
was won by The Abbott In 2:08%. Bingen,
winner of "the second h^at. broke In the
first quarter and finished sixth. Consid
erable money was lost on this heat. At
the opening The Abbott sold for $. .0, the
field for *: ". After the second heat Bin
gen sold at $128. the field at $400.
Coney the California horse, won in the
2:28 pace as he pleased In straight heats.
Summaries:
• 2:10 claw, purse $V,<y> paring:— Ace won in
straight heats. Time. 2:13»«. 2:08. 2:13. Flint
second. Slavonic third. Sylvan Way and Am
bulalor also !<tarte<l.
Kree-for-all trot, purse $2000 The Abbott won
first, third and fourth heats. Time, 2:0l>.
2:0S Jl 4, 2:oS*i. Hingen won second heat in 2:06H,
and was second. Monterey was third. Ken
tucky Union, Basle Flanagan, Dlrectum Kelly
and John Nolan also' started.
2:28 class pace, purse $2000 — Coney won in
straight heats. Time. 2:O7*i, 2:09»i. 2:OSVi. To
boggan second: Lizzie' Wilkes third. Annie
Thornton, Ire Gilt. Eagle Medium, Mace and
Wandering Jew also started.
WITH THE GALLOPERS.
Winners of Saddle Events on the
Eastern Tracks.
SARATOGA, N. V., Auk. 17.— Probably th»
largest crowd that ever attended the Sara
toga races filled the stand, lawn, clubhouse
an. l ring to-day. Chacorinae, the Futurity
candidate, took the first event In clever style,
winning without apparent effort by three
lengths. Results:
Five furlongs — Chacorinae won, Coburg sec
ond. Colonel Roosevelt third. Time. 1:110%.
Five furlongs— Jinks won. Firearm second.
Ben Hadad third. Time. .l-.OOVi-
One mile Bin 11. i won, Senator Hubert sec
ond. Governor Russell third. Time, 1:46%.
The ''. H. Muram handicap, six furlongs—
Sakhrat won, Klnns Courier second. Sam
Phillips third. Time. I 14%.
Steeplechase, full" course— Wood • Pigeon won,
Will! Heather second, Becky Rollu thin',. Time.
5:58!*.
DETROIT, Auk. IT.-Ed Gardiner's filly.
Water Bottle, established a new track record
at Highland l"ark to-day by running four and
a half furlongs in :56%. Weather Ideal; track
good. Results:
Five and a half Turlongs, allowances— Annie
Lauretta won, John Boone second, Brother
Fred third. Time, 1:07%.
Four and a half furlongs, maiden two-year
olds. seilinß— Uarburan won, Joe. McPharland
second. Zetunore third. Time. :ns%.
Seven-elßhtß of a mile, allowances— Oak Maid
won Jim McGibbon second, Jessie .larbo third.
Time, 1:27%;
Four and a half furlongs— Advance Guard
won. Font second. Cariboo third. Time,
:55 a i. •
One mile and a half, selling:— Van Ness won,
Virsie 0 second. Imp. Devil's Dream third.
Tin:.-. 2:36V4-
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing—Water Bottle won. Profit second. Grumble
third. Time, :56%.
Five and a half furlongs, allowances — Elsie
Barnes won, Violet second, Aquinas third.
Time, r.OS'i.-. .
ST. LOUIS. Auk. 17.— talent met a verit
able. Waterloo at the Fair Grounds to-day,
five favorites beins bowled over in succession.
Mound City in the opening event was the only
favorite first past the post. The track was
lightning fast. Results:
Selling, six furlongs— Mound City won, Sld
dubia second. Tava Harris third. Time, 1:1.",'....
Two-year-olds, five and a half furlongs— John
Millln won. Ben Sen second. May Ella third.
Time, 1:10.
Belling, six and a half furlongs— Aunt Mag
gie won, Harry Floyd second, Dolors third.
Time, 1:21%.
Handicap, six furlongs— Lord Fairfax won.
Apple Jack second, Sallnda third. Time, l:15 : /4.
Belling, six and a half furlongs— Dlaer won,
Necklace second. The Chemist third. Time,
1:21%;
Sixth race, foiling, mile and a sixteenth-
Annie Oldfieid won. Parole dOr second, Barbee
third. Time, 1:49%.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Five out of the six fa
vorites won at Hawthorne to-day. The best
race came In the fourth event, at a mil", in
which Crocket' was even-money favorite. After
letting Helen's Pet pet the Dace ('rocket came
to the front In the stretch and won easily by
three lengths from Semper Eadem, with Harry
Nutter third; Weather clear; track fast. Re
sults: . - ■
Six. furlongs— D won, Marzella second,
Tenole third. Time. 1:14%. •■■
Six and a half furlongs— Thrive won. Dram
burg second, Clara Wootsey third. Time,
1:16%.
One and a quarter miles, selling— Plantain
won, Pancharm second, Goose Liver third.
Time, 2:07.
One mile- Crocket won, Semper Eadem sec
ond. Harry Nutter third. Time, 1:40.
Steeplechase, selling, short- course Chenler
won, Gypcelver second, Clifton B third. Time,
2:45%.
One mile— Serrano won, Mlzzeppa second,
Fausturo third.' -Time. 1:33%.
Results at Davenport.
DAVENPORT, lowa, Aug. 17.— At the third
•lay of the August meeting of the Mile Track
AMOI iatlon. .Tommy Britten. .In the free-for
all, broke the track record. Weather fine:
track fast. Results: .
. 2:30 class, trottinc, purse $200 — Bcorar won in
straight heats. Time— 2. is, - 2:iTVj. . :::i7'...
Phrase, John I and Admiral also started.
2:25 pace, purse $500— Armada Price won sec
ond, third anil fourth heats. Time— 2:l3U
2:12.;, L' ; 1 1 ' < . Alpha W won first heat. Time,
2:l3>i- Abbott Hill. Punton. Captain Dodd,
General Otis, Lady Slope and Anoidihe also
started.
Free-for-all trotting, purse 1500— Tommy Brit
ton won in straißht heats. Time— 2.:osi;, -:"S'4,
2:mi.
Three-year-old trotting, purse $300— J E C
won In straight heats. Time— 2:20, 2:l!t'/4, i:VS\i
Red Arthur. Mary E. Jay Maker. Miriam Lo
gan ami Oakland Belle also started.
TO PROMOTE GOOD ROADS.
Plan Adopted by the League of
American Wheelmen.
' BOSTON. Aug. 17.— The visiting League
of American Wheelmen' spent another
enjoyable day with tours In and out
of the city, racing at Charles River
Park and a grand smoker this evening in
Mechanics' Hall that attracted a tremen
dous crowd and was greatly appreciated.
Over 4000 of the members have registered
at headquarters and a large number of
the visitors have renewed their member
ship or joined the league. ..
The racing, of course, was the special
event of the day. but the address of Presi
dent Keenan to the local consuls in the
morning whs certainly one of the prin
cipal features, and his announcement that
Tom.Linton. who made a new hour record
this week, had come back to the League
of American Wheelmen from the National
Cycling Association proved to be a gen
uine sensation.
Tha local consuls from ail Darts of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FIUDAY, AX^GUST 18, 1899.
PUGILIST JAMES FRANEY
WAS PUMMELED TO DEATH
Died at the Receiving
Hospital
AUTOPSY PERFORMED
Fall to the Ring F.'oor Was Not
Fatal.
' Vital Organs of the Figh^r Were
Diseased and He Should Not
Have Entered the Contest.
Dr. J. 1,. Zabala. autopsy physician,
made this statement last night:
"I found severe contusions on Fra
ney's face, shoulders and upper arms.
There was a hemorrhage of the brain
| on the left side, and the organ itself
i was in an anaemic condition. The
i man must have received a terrible
punishment, and death was nothing
more than the result of the blows
which rained on his face and head.
The impact of the head- on the floor
had nothing to do with it. He was
in a dying condition before he fell.
"Franey should never have en
tered the ring. An examination of
| his lungs showed plsuratic adhe
! sions and his system was otherwise
'■ broken down. He was fit for practi
cal purposes in life, but certainly not
for unnatural exercise.*'
Jim Franey, the welter-weight pugilist,
who was laid low by Frank McConnelJ
in a terrific fistic battle before the Na
tional Club at Woodward's Pavilion last
Wednesday night, expired yesterday af
ternoon at the Receiving Hospital. An
autopsy held last evening on the body of
the unfortunate prize-tighter showed that
his vital organs were diseased; that he
was in no condition to enter any ring and
principally that, he had been pummrled
and beaten to death by .MeConnell. J. J.
Groom and J. D. <;ibt>s. the promoters of
the event, and McConnell were charged
with manslaughter, but are now out on
bail.
From the time of the delivery of the
knock-out blow Franey did not regain
consciousness. On his cot in the Receiv-
Ing Hospital he lay In lethargic forgetful -
ness, breathing stertorously and mani
festing all the symptoms of brain con
cussion. Until Dr. Zabala performed the
autopsy there arose a crave question as
to whether the death-dealing blow was
the fierce right-hand swing on the. vul
nerable point of the chin or whether the
extinction of life was due. to the Impact
of the head with the floor o/ the ring. The
physicians who attended Franey in his
last hours would not venture an opinion,
declaring that either the blow or the fall
might have produced the contusion which
resulted in death. But it was all settled
last night. • • . •-
Dr. Lußtlg. the physician of the National
Club, saiu yesterday:
"Franey received two severe cranial
shocks, either of which, may have been
the cause of his death. Symptoms of
contusion, compression . and concussion,
were present soon after the fall in which
Franey struck his head. The jarring of
the brain by a powerful blow often pro
duces a concussion which proves fatal."
There was a batch of pugilists locked
in the City Prison tanks yesterday and
visitors kept coming and going all day
long. McConnell, "Tim McGrath, J. F.
country held a meptinp to-day and dis
cussed the establishment of a consul In
each city arid ti>wn for the purpose of
promoting good roads, marking Btreets
and plnclng proper signals in had or dan
gerous localities. The proposition was re
ceived with much favor and sups wen
taken looking to tho establishment of con
sulates for the purposes Indicated.
The racing pn.Kranimc was continued
this afternoon at Charles River Park un
der well-niK'ti perfect conditions, but with
only a fair-sized crowd in attendance.
Summary :
Quarter-mU*" national championship, ama
teur run over for first place from yesterday
F.Hrl' V\ . PeabOdy Of ChtoagO bf-at Albert Tal
landler of Parts. Time. n:34.
T\v -mile national i-hampionshlp. amateur,
final heat- Moran, Chelsea, won, Ltaduc second,
[ngraham third. Time, 4:3^.
Five iiiilf national championship, profes
siina!- Finn! heat won l>y Watson Coleman,
Springfield: K. Llewellyn. Chicago, second; A.
McLeod, Toronto, third. Time. \:".
One-mile handicap, professional— Final heat
won by Bowler. Chicago (40 yeardsV. Poutch.
boutsviUe (ISO), second; Llewellyn, Chicago (80).
third. Time. 2:11 -i-<
Hilf-milo national championship, amateur,
fin.-il heat- Goodson won, Tallandier second,
Wilson third. Time, 1:06.
Match race, half a mile, unpaced, and one
mil" paced, between A. E. George, <'ape Town,
South Africa, anil .1. F. Ingraham. Lynfleld.
Mass.— Both won by Ingraham. Time, half
mil.-. 1:31; mile. 8:15 2-5.
One mile, handicap, amateur— Final heat
won by Moran, Chelsea, scratch; Wilson, Pilts
burg 30 yards, second; \\>!>er, Milwaukee. 20
yards, third; Josephs, Detroit, 30 yards, fourth.
Time, :M0 8-5.
REDS LOSE TWO GAMES.
Pigmiss Check the Winning Streak
of the Cincinnatis.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
<iub.=— w 1,. Pet. Clubt— W. 1... Pet.
Brooklyn ...« M .WO Chicago ....58 47 .530
Phlladelpha M 89 .«21 Vittxhurg ..SO M .49.'i
Boston M W .618 New Y0rk. ..44 65 .441
Baltimore ..« M .606 1 Louisville ..43 r.T .141
; Cincinnati . U 46 .MS Washington 35 67 .343
St. Louis.... sC 46 ..".4.". Cleveland ...17 88 .162
NKW VnHK. Aug. 17. Cincinnati was beaten
in two games (his afternoon, tiding outplayed in
'• both eas«B. In the first the locals drove Htiw
lej to the bench in tho thtr.l. Phillips was not
i an improvement. Seymour, on the other hand,
whs very effective. The second (rami> whs won
by bunching hits in the first and third innjngs.
Attendance :v»»K Score:
FIRST DAME.
R. H. E.
New Y-rk 13 IS 8
Ctncinaatl 4 E i
Bat trrles— Seymour. Doyle and Warner; Haw
ley. Phillip? and Peltz. Umpires— Kmslle and
McDonald.
SECOND (JAMB,
n. h. c.
New York '•> 12 1
Cincinnati 4 10 0
Batteries— GettlS and Hoyle; Taylor and
; Wood. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
BROOKLYN. Aur. 17— After the Brooklyns
had gained a safe lend to-day Hanlon did some
experimenting. Hill relieving Dunn in the box
and Jennings goinfc' on first. Both played the
I strlnc nut am] did fine work. The Cleveland*
I were never in the hunt. Attendance 1100. Scroe:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 5 6
Brooklyn 20 U 0
Batteries- Schmidt. Coliflower and Sugden;
I man. Hill and McGulre. Umpires— Swart wood
■■ and Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 17.— St. I>iuls played
a nigged game in the field, which accounts for
the Phillies' victory. Lave Cross was com
pelled to retire owing to an injury to one of hln
fingers--, sustained while stopping a hot grounder
from Delchaniy's bat. Attendance 4975. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 9 5
! Philadelphia. 12 14 3
Batteries— COPpy and Criger: Donahue and
Douglas. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
HAI/riMOHH. Aug. 17. -The Orioles fattened
I up their batting averages on Taylor to-day,
worrying him by mean little bunts until he
went injo the field. The fielding of both teams
was rather ragged at times. McGarr Rot In
trouble on all tides in Chicago's half of the
first inning and left the game, complaining of
: feeling badly. Attendance 1918. Score:
R. H. B.
; Chicago 5 9 4
Baltimore 13 v 4
Batteries- -Taylor and Donahue: MeGlnety
and Robinson. Umpires— Manassau and Mc-
SftTT.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Plttsburg took an
] other game to-day because of opportune hitting
I and errorless fielding. Chesbro was hit hard,
hut the Senators failed to bunch their hits. At
tendance non. .Score:
R. H. E.
i Washington 3 11 3
! Pltt!>burg 5 9 0
! Batteries— Carsey. Weyhing and Roach; Chea
"JIM FRANEY,"
WHO HAS FOUGHT HIS
LAST BATTLE.
0 .♦-^ > _»_£.-.^ < e>_*_3>_* _♦_<§,-♦-<s>_♦
.; " .
McCarthy, De Witt Van Court, F.
Schuler, "Danny" Needham, "Cocker"
Tweedie and F. Sullivan camped in a
special cell and waited for freedom. The
police did- not book the abettors of the
fight until the death of Kraney, when
they were all charged with manslaughter.
McConnell himself, bad secured a release
early in the afternoon on bonds of a
most peculiar nature.
In order to straighten out difficulties the
Police Judges met at noon and it was
decided to allow the principal and the
seconds liberty, bought by a bond which
would Insure their appearance dally un
til the death or recovery of Franey, when
the proper charges would be brought
against them. -MeConneil was the lirst
to take advantage of the concession by
the Police Judges, and a few minutes be
fore the death of Franey occurred he was
released on a $3000 bond, upon which J. 1,.
Kvlston and .1. C. Cearns went security.
Before the other bonds could be executed
the news of Franey's deaCh reached the
P.ojjce Department and the men were re
manded to jail. They were then charged
with manslaughter— McConnell's ball
being fixed at $5000 and all the others at
$2000. J. C Cearn and J. 1.. Bviston were
on' hand to sign their names to the new
bond, and McConnell was again released
by Judge Mogan.
.Not much time was wasted in securing
bondsmen for the seconds of the fighters.
"Hilly" Kennedy of the Olympic Club and
George 8. Miehling wrote their names on
the bonds for .1. F. McCarthy; S. V. Cairn
and Thomas' B. Fenton stood security for
Tim McGrath, F. R. Butz and E. S. Van
Court for De Witt Van Court. George E.
Kekhardt and Thomas McConnell, father
of the pugilist, for F. Schuler. Late in
the afternon "Cocker" Tweedie, D. Need
ham and Sullivan followed with bonds
men, and they were also released.
In the morning J. J. Groom surrendered
himself to the police and was allowed to
go on his own recognizance, with the
hro and Bchrlver. umpires -O'Day ami Hunt.
BOSTON. Auk. 17.— Boston and Louisville
split even to-daj in ■> double-header. Nichols
■ had a balloon ascension in th<» si>vf<nth Inning
and nearly lost th*> first Rame. tmt Boston won
bj opportune hitting In thn ninth. Stupid base
running and Bailey' a wildness loal the secoijd
; K»mf f..r Boston! The second e:mir was called
, at the end of the seventh Inning "ti account "f
darkness. Attendance 2000. Score;
FIRST GAME.
H. H. B.
Boston 7 ? ;»
-\ illp (i 19 4
Batteries Nichols and Clarke: I'linningham
and /..mnvr. Umpires — fialliuy an I Latham.
SECOND GAME.
R. H. E.
Boston 1 7 2
Louisville % Z I
Batteries— Bailey and Bergen. DowUng and
Powers. Umpires— Oaffney and Latham.
Fined for Shooting QuaiJ.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 17.— The Marin
County Game Protective Association is
making it \varm for offenders against
the new game laws and the vigorous
crusade of Game Warden Robertson is
highly commended. J. MurnHl was
caught on the Downing ranch, near
San Pedro Point, with a number of
quail in his possession this afternoon.
Tie was arrested by Robertson and on
being taken before Justice Rodden
pleaded guilty and was fined $25.
Reay and Trimble Draw
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 17.— Joe Reay of
San Francisco and Jim Trimble of Los
AnscU-s fought a twnty-riiiißil draw be
fore the I>os Angeles Athletic Club here
to-nipht. The decision was favorably re
ceived. Trimble was the aggressor in the
early part of the fight, and in the fif
teenth round nearly finished Reay witli a
stiff punch on the face, but Reay clung to
Trimbie's legs to save going down. The
crowd thought Trimble fouled on several
occasions. The light was for 60 per eenl
of the gate receipts. There was a lair
attendance. The men fought at I">s pounds.
Martin Continues to Win.
LONDu.N, Aug. 17.- At thfi third day of
the Stockton meeting "Skeets" Martin,
the American jockey, won the I'm ham
County Produce plate, of 1000 sovereigns,
on J. K. Platt's Sweet Marjorie. Silver
Point was second and Simon Sid was
third. Seven horses ran, one mile and two
furlongs.
White Defeats O'Donnell.
SIOI'X CITY. lowa, Aug. 17. —Tommy
White and Billy O'Donnell met here to
night in a fifteen-round bout for a purse
of $1000. White was an easy winner, get
ting the decision on points. O'Donnell
was clearly outclassed.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Ninety-six Nominations for the Open
Stake to Be Run To-Morrow
and Sunday.
A ninety-slx-dog open stake is the card
offered to the patrons of coursing by the
management of Ingleside Park for to
morrow and Sunday. The total prize
money to be distributed is $730, appointed
as follows: To the winner $110, runner-up
$75; third $50, three at $35 each, six at $20,
twelve at $12 50 and twenty-four at $5.
Coursing will commence. at 11:30 a. m.
on Saturday and 11 o'clock Sunday. The
draw resulted as follows:
J. Dowel's Cinderella vs. A. A. Duncan's
Royal Chief; D. Ford's Bonlta vs. T. j. Mo-
Hugh's Maid of the Mill; Larkey & Rock' a
Myrtle vs. George Burfelnd's Pastime; I,
Roblnet's Snow Ktorm vs. J. SeßETHnn's White
Chief: .1. Keenan's Blacklock v«. J. Bradshaw's
Hazel Doll; T. J. McHugh's Moss Hose v«
Runnel!, Allen & Wllscn's Wild Swede; H. A
Deckelman'B Glen Chloe vs. E. Wilson's Mag
net; T. Harrington's 80-Peep v:<. Murphy &
Toland's Twilight Jr; Handy A Smith"! Free
and Easy vs. T. Harrington's Lord Marmion;
J. P. Thrift's Forslve vs. E. D. Fallon's i.ily
of .the Went; J. Jones' Moonlight vs. Kay &
Tram's Diana; ,T. Bradshaw's (Enterprise ye
J. McCormick'p White Tip: H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Klrby v«. T. J. Cronln's Wild
Tralee; G. M. Abercrombie's Rock Island Kins
vs. T. .1. Mcllugh's Empress; Lord & Herlist's
Revolver vs. E. Burmelster's Winning Ways-
K. M. K»llo«g'r lowa. Maid vs. Larkey &
Rock's Liberty Bell; Dr. A. T. Leonard's Mas
ter Lawrence vs. p. Joiner's Lily Wheeler; E.
M. Kellogg's Hummer ! vs. M. 1 - Tlernan's Kil
dare: J. P. Thrift's St. Michael vs. J. Fitz
slmmonV Peaceful Glen; Bartel Bros.' . Ben
Hur vs. Con Sullivan's Keen Wltted; J
Dowd's Shootover vs. O. H. Meyers' Lady Na
poleon; A. Van den Burgh's Naughty Girl vs.
promise that lie would appear every morn
inn before Judge Conlap until specific
charges were made against him. Early in
tho evening Groom and 'in>t>s were ar
rested and charged with manslaughter.
They had bondsmen ami were soon re
leased on 12000 bonds. Hut. one accessory
remained, and that was Hiram Cook. He
aleo was arnsted and the same procedure
secured hls-freedom, .1. M. Parker and W.
H. Cook giving bonds.
•The fall when Kraney struck his head
was the killing blow," said Cook last night
ii the I'hipfs office. "He was hit a
strong right-hand smash and went up
acainst tne ropes. Kraney was practical-
Ij out then, but a mix-up followed. When
he dropped he whs semi-rigid, falling Oat
upon the upper part of his forehead. 1
was told that it was fixed for Kraney to
km out. and I watched him closely. There
was no fake in that knockout. The tight
was no fiercer or more brutal than many
I have refereed. I; was one of t hose la
mentable accidents which sometimes tco
with the same and are much to be regret
ted ■■
Franoy's death was unattended with any
final agony. About noon he began to show
signs of the approaching end. Three hours
later he was stretched out on the hospital
COt In'ligor mortis. A friend. James Do
lan Of thi.-- city. IMs. A. C. Zobel and ClU
n. ss were at his bedside when he passed
away. At the request of Miss Mamie Fra
ney, a sister of the deceased, the body
was removed to Gallagher's undertaking
parlors, on Fifth street, where an autopsy
■was lieiil last night.
McConnell Buttered great mental anjculsh
when lie learned! of Franey's death.
"Why, I don't know how it happened."
he -aid. "I didn't hit any extraordinary
blows, catching him a couple of times in
the last rally. It must have been the fall
that was the cause of Franey'B death. I
am most unhappy over this terrible acci
dent and the notoriety which cornea from
it."
, P. Shannon's Safeguard: .T. Dlokson's Black
I Hess vs. A. Burmeister's Warrior; (i. M. Aber-
I cromble's Irma vs. P. C. Clarkson'f Wander
ins; Tom: j! Mooneyes Silent Treasure vs. Lord
&■ Herlist's Kerry Gow; I. Keenan's Royal Oak
; vs. A. C. Bradbury's Sardonic: M. London's
Mafrnpt vs. Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo; M.
i London's Leonldaa vs. Lawlor it Watson's
Richmond I^ead; .1, Browning's Mountain Belle
vs. T. .1. Cronin's Rose of Tralee; T. J. Cro
nin's Thi'rnhll! vs. G. M. Abercromble'S Victor
King: C. Peach's Lady Peach vs. A. Ohmeyer's
Ri bud.
; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Ilersehel vs.
.1. Seggerson'a Gold Hill; E. M. ECellogg's lowa
i Girl vs. ■M. B. Ravanagh's Ski; Handy Ik
I Srfilth's Terrona vs. M. B. Kavanagh's Swed
ish; M. Tiernan's Persecution vs. M. ilichalik's
Glen • Roy; S. Hanson's L. S. Conley vs. G. J.
Panario's Old Glory; W. H. Jones' Huston vs.
J. P. Thrift's Forget; A. Ohmpyer's Occi-
I dental vs. Frank Brown's Sweet Brier; .1. Bun
i ner's Flora V. vs. M. B. Kavanagh's Hard
] Lines; J. Quane's Marietta vs. Handy &
Smith's Ben Bolt: T. J. Cronin's Arab vs. T
i Mannlx's Water Witch; A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan vs. Con. Sullivan's Gilt Edge; H. A.
Deckelman's Prince George vs. Handy &
Smith's Victor: D. Ford's .Tuanita vs. W. Gold
man's Wise Gazaba: Murphy & 'Poland's Or
i nament vs. S. E. Parlel's Gallagher; A John
son's Mountain Beauty vs. J. Byrne's Nelly B;
W. O. Elmer's Fair Florence vs. Arthur Mas
sey's Hadiwist: T. Cooney's Black Hawk vs.
,F. Conlan's Cruiser.
! — ♦ .
OLYMPIANS AT HANDBALL.
Opening Game of the Club Tourna
ment Played by the Teams of
the Fourth Class.
The opening matches of the handball
tournament in the gymnasium of the
Olympic Athletic Club were played last
night. Owing to the limited accommoda
tions f'H spectators the matches attracted
only the players. The final will be played
in one of the public courts and will be an
- invitation affair.
In Mh> matches last night by players in
I the fourth class, Ehrmann and Rosenfeld
! defeated Cunningham and Johnson, 21—15,
i 21 — 12 and 6—21. Porsey and Smith defeated
i Code and Qreenebaum, 21—19 and 21—6.
j The tournament will continue for some
weeks.
BOHEMIANS ON AN OUTING.
Grand Lodge Entertained by the
Garden City Residents.
SAN JOBE, Aug. 17.— The State Hospiti
irni of Bohemians of America concluded
Its annual session this morning and spent
the balance of the day in ;in outing at
; Alum Rock Park. A special train was
chartered on the motor line for the occa
sion. At the park a stroll, a swim in the
baths and other recreations were erfjoyed.
At noon a repast was served by Harry J.
Edwards. About fifty Bohemians partici
pated in the outing.
The following are the officers of the
Grand Hospitium for the ensuing year:
Grand chief host— Emmet Phillips of Sacra
mento.
First assistant chief host— Miles Dooty of
Oakland.
Second assistant chief host— A. W. Raker of
Oakland.
Recording host— W. F. Connelly of Oakland
Host of oxchcquer-H. J. Edwards of San
Jose.
Controlling hosts— George Eagan of Sacra
mento, H. Sanford, A. C. Berthier of San
Franrlgco.
• irand prior— Emello I>astreto of San Fran
eisro.
Grand marshal -,J. T. Brannan of San Fran
cisco.
Healing host— W. B. Parkman of San Jo.se.
Eltimiet— F. D. Brandon of Kan Francisco.
Host of Inner gate- H. C. Handenberg of
Sacramento.
Host of outer Kate— C. W. Kohl. "
Judging host— C. W. Baker of Sacramento.
Past chief host— T. J. Crowley of Pan Fran
cisco.
The next Grand Hospitium will be held
I on the third Wednesday in August, 1900,
at San Francisco.
■ » ■
Monterey's Mexican Fiesta.
MONTEREY, Aug. 17.— Monterey's an
nual Mexican tlest.i is to occur on the 2d
and 'M of September and is to be this
time nn unusually elaborate affair. Much
cam is being expended nn the arrange
ment of the programme and there will be
several novel features. The sports will
consist of riding wild horses, bareback
and with saddl<\ lassoing wild Steers.
catching chickens from the ground while
riding at a gallop, buffalo riding and other
vaquero tricks. An Indian band from th"
southern portion of the county will be
pn sent to enliven the occasion with na
tive music. Some of the best broncho rid
ers of the State have been asked to parti
cipate in the sports. A Spanish barbecue
and fandango will be features of the
fiesta. An excursion from San Francisco
Is to be run to Monterey for the occasion.
SLEETY MIST
PROVED TO BE
GAME AND FAST
Took First Money at
Union Park.
BONNIE SCOTLAND BEATEN
LADY MARION DOWNED LITTLE
JOKER AT LONG ODDS.
It Was the Surprise of the Day's
Sport — Fair Attendance and
Lively Betting — Tic Tac
in Good Form.
The midweek races at Union Coursing
Park yesterday attracted quite a large at
tendance, find the betting was surprisingly
fast ami spirited. There were just enough
upsets, td keep the auctioneer and crews
busy, twenty-one of the "choßen ones
going down to defeat. The Reserve stake,
with sixty-four entries, was eventually
captured by the game and consistent little
Australian-bred lassie, Sleety Mist, owned
by Sterl & Knowl.s. In the final run
she met Bonnie Scotland, winning with
points to spare; The surprise <>f th«
afternoon \\;is furnished hy Lady Marion,
which in the third course of the third
round disposed of little Joker, her friends
gel ting 10 to 1 for their money.
The detailed results of thr running fol
low:
Mid-week reserve stake, first round— Lowe &
Thompson's flora McDonald beat P. J. Reilly's
Wondering Tom; K. E. de B. Lopez's Banner
Bearer beat D. Cronin'a Swlßnerton; J. H.
Perigo'.s 1-ady Davenport beat \V. C, Glasson's
Terronlte; I. F. Hatton'a Tic Tac beat J.
Bradshaw's Hazel Dell; T. Hall's Nonpareil
beat Pasha Kennels' Random Aim; J. Segger-
Bon'a White chief beat Taylor & Maxwell's
Lamplighter: Taylor A Maxwell's Hounding
Belle beat G. W. Lahusen's Wheel of Fortun-j;
H. II Grny's Terronette beat S. E. Portal's
Laurehvooi) II; \V. 11. Jones' Lady Marion beat
M. London's Leonldas; J. Dennis' inames) i ><:
tober Woodcock beat Handy & Smith's Free
ami Easy; F. A. McComb's Little Joker beat
F. Prices inamfs) Mountain Lassie; Lord &
Herbst's Revolver beat A. Attrldge's (names)
Masterpiece; 11. A. Deckelman's Prince George
be-at K. Strehl'B Skylark; St rl .V Knowles"
Sleety Mist beat J. II Petigo's B«Mle Seward-:
W. H Jones' Rustan beat J. Dennis' (names)
The Devil; H. A. I >eckelman's Pet Kirby bc;it
Pasha Kennels' Road Agent; O. J. Olson's
Sunburst, a bye, Maggie W withdrawn: A.
Massey's HadlWlSi beat W. C. Glast-on's Bor
ders Valentine; J. Ronning'a mame.s) Dempsey
l^ass beat T. Lnean's Miss Grizzle: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Olein beat "M. Sweeney's Tornado; 11.
H. Grays Kona beat George Sherman's
(names) Miss Skyrocket; F. A. McComb's Bun
nie Scotland beat J. Jones' Gallvant; Edward
Wilson's (names) Magnesia beat S. K. Portal's
Gallagher: J. Ronning's (names) Geraldine
beat Taylor &• Maxwell's Mose; W. 11. Jones'
Prince Jerome beat W. Goldman's Wis«
Gezaba: Handy & Smith's Dauntless beat Tay
lor A; Maxwells Wild Lassie, Sterl <Sr Knowles'
Wag beal Aenel^ Kennels' Van CJlole; M. B.
Kavanaugh's Hard Lines beat T. Harrington's
(names) Lord Murmion; W. ''reamer's Report
b.^at Taylor t t- Maxwell's Torment; W. ''ream
ers Jesse Moore beat Handy A Smith's Mona:
J. Seggerson'a Gold Hill beat Aeneid Kenne.a'
Maid at Krin; R. E. de B. Lopez's Santa Rita
beat W. J. Browning's Mountain Belle.
Second round— Flora McDonald beat Banner
Bearer: Tic Tac l^at Lady Davenport; White
Chief beat Nonpareil; Terronette beat Hound
ing BMie; Lady Marion b.-^at October Wood-
COCk; Little Joker beat Revolver; Sleety Mist.
beat Prince George; Pet Kirby beat Rurtan :
Hadiwlst beat Sunburst; Olein beat Dempsey
Lass: Bonnie Scotland beat Rona; Magnesia
t»;it Gerald lne; Prince Jennie beat Dauntless:
Wat- beat Hard Lines; Gold Htll beat Keport;
tease Moore beat s«nta Rita.
Third round— Tic Tac beat Flora McDonald:
Terronette beat White chief; Lady Marion beat.
Little Joker; Sleety Mist beat Pet Kirby; Hadl
wist beat <>le!h; Bonnie Hcotland beat Mae
nesla; Prince Jerome beat Wag; Gold Hill beat
Jfsse Moore.
Fourth rourni Tic Tac beat Terronette;
Sleety Mist beat Ladj Marlon; Bi>nnle Scotland
beat Hadiwlst"; Prinze Jerome beat Gold Hill.
Fifth round Sleety Mist heat Tic Tac; Bon
nie Scotland beat Prince Jerome.
Final— Sleety Mist beat Bonnie Scotland.
WERE NOT PARTED
EVEN IN DEATH
Strange Story of a Devoted Couple
Who Could Not Bear to Be
Parted by the Grim De
stroyer.
HANBBN— In thin city. August 15, 1599. Hans
AdOlph, dearly beloved husband of Sophia
Hanson, atul uncle of William and John
KrabbPnhoft. a native of SehleswiK-Holsteln,
Germany, aged 4*> years. A member of Unity-
Lodge No. 27, A. O. I". W.
tJßemairia at the rarlnrs of the Gantner
& Quota Undertaking Company. 8 and 10 City
Hall sr>uare.
HANSEN— Ia this city. August 16. 1R99, Sophia,
dearly beloved wife of the late Hans Adolph
Hanaen, a native of Germany, aged 36 years.
Lying in caskets in a local undertaker's!
parlor are the mortal remains of Hans
Adolph Hansen and his beloved wife, So
phia. The story of their deaths is one of 1
the strangest in the annals of this
city. It is the sad history of sickness,
suicide and peaceful death of two beings
who loved each other and could not bear
to be parted.
A few days ago The Call published the
information that Hansen had shot him
self in the head because he had been in
formed that his wife, who was then in the
hospital would not recover from her ill
ness. As was .stated at the time, the sim
ple-hearted German's affection for his
wife was too great for him to live without
her, and rather than be parted from ncr
he sought death.
\s was predicted by the physician in
attendance, Mrs. Hansen passed away a
day later without having recovered con-
BciousneßS. The news of her husband's
dramatic death was unknown to her, and
she died believing he would mourn her
loss. Both bodies will be interred on Sun
day. ,_ _
The husband was 4b years old and a na
tive of Germany. He was employed at the
Western Sugar Refinery. Fifteen years
ago he was united to his wife, and they
have lived happily. The wife was eleven
years younger and was also a native of
Germany. She was taken sick a few weeks
ago and was removed to the French Hos
pital.
BRAVE YOUNG WOMAN
PUTS MEN TO SHAME
SAUBALITO, Aug. 17.— Miss GenevievG
King, a San Francisco society girl, who
has been spending the summer season
here with friends, was the heroine of an
exciting episode which occurred just as
the ferry-boat San Rafael was drawing
into the slip last evening on the 6 o'clock
trip from the metropolis. Not only <ii.l
tho fearless girl put an end to the brutal
torture of a dog by its inhuman master
but by her action' she shamed a large
crowd at men. all of whom appeared to be
too cowardly to do more : than protest
against the shocking exhibition.
Borne man whose- name could not !>«-■
learned brought a bulldog on board tin:
boat, and near the Sausalito slip the an!
mal got into a fight with another dog ami
had to be choked to make it release its
grip on the other (Tog's throat. Enriged
over the fight the bulldog's owner grasped
it by the hind legs and began to hammer
tho deck of the steamer with its head. At
the first blow blood spurted from th* tul!
flog'a nostrils. Men ran to the scene and
began to protest, but all seemed afraid
to use physical force to prevent the cru
elty to the animal.
Miss King stood with a companion upon
the upper deck and for a few seconds wai
a horrified witness of the scene. Ferceiv
ing that nobody else would interfere t l '^
girl rushed down the stairway and elbow
ing her way through the crowd grasped
the man by the arm.
"You inhuman brute!" she exclaimed,
"if you don't stop such cruel treatment
of that poor animal 1 will have you ar
rested."
Thn brutality ceased and the owner nf
the flog slunk off the boat, .followed by
the bulldog, which was hardly able to
walk. A faint cheer from the auditors
again excited Miss King's wrath, and she
gave the men present a tongue laehln« for
having left the work of interference to 1
woman. A more crestfallen crowd of men
it would have been hard to find. .
EULA MAC FIRST
IK THE FUTURITY
AT SANTA ROSA
Wins Handily From
Vendome.
EACH HEAT A PROCESSION
CLIPPER TAKES THE PACE IN
FAST TIME.
Clay S Is Returned Winner in the
2:14 Trot After Losing the First
Mile to the Speedy Iran
Alto. • X
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
■ SANTA ROSA, Aug. 17.— A great : day's
I sport was put up at Pierce Bros." track
, I here this afternoon. Ever since the meet
| ing began it has been a case of horserac
j ing from start to finish, and to-day was
! I no exception to the rule. The day was tine
, | and the track fast, and spectators were
'\ present from everywhere.
The first race was the Pacific Breeders'
' ' Futurity, mile and repeat, trotting, for a
purse of $750. There were five entries: J.
B. Iversen's Dagmar, D. E. Knight's Eula
Mac, E. P. Heald'fl Tom Smith, G. Y. Bal
! lingers Boodle Boy and the Vendome
Farm's brown colt Vendome. After.scor
ing several times for the word the young
: sters got off in good shape. Hogoboom
. was up. behind Eula Mac, and he sent her
I through in good shape, "winning the first
i heat in 2:28 and the second in 2:25&. . The
J horses came in the same order both times,
i Vendome following Eula Mac. and Boodle
: Boy, Dagmar and Tom Smith making up
- the procession in the order named.
The 2:25 pace, best three in five,. for a
I purse of 11000, was the next called. The
fact that Roblet, the fine bay mare be
: longing to W. H. Lumsden of this city,
was among the entries, made the race of
, especial interest to Santa Rosans present.
The start was bad. however, and at the
quarter the mare was pulled off her feet.
She ran like a deer, but in getting down
I to business lost heavily, and with Gaff
Topsail and Captain Hackett was shut out
! in the first heat. H. W. Weeks' gelding
: Clipper scored in. 2:09%.
In the second heat Clipper took the lead
I and held it all the way around, finishing
lin 2:13. The third heat went to Daeda
lion in 2:11, but the fourth trial showed
Clipper again to the front, he winning as
1 prettily contested a race as one would
care to see.
The last race was the 2:14 class trot,
mile heats, two in three. There were five
entries. H. S. Schlosser's big bay stallion
Clay S carried off the honors, taking the
second and third heats in 2:14 and 2:13%.
! The Vendome Farm's Iran Alto took the
j first in 2:13V4-
Before this afternoon's racing com-
I menced Rudolph Spreckels* beautiful sor
rel team. Marguerite and Annie Rooney.
was brought out and exhibited. It will
start on Saturday, hitched to a bike wagon,
i and driven by Charles Durfee, for a team
| record. Summaries:
Pacific Breeders' Futurity, trottlnc; stake
J750; mile and repeat:
Eula Mac, by McKlnney-Steinway Maid
| (Hogoboom) ..1 1
, Vendome (Hunch) ...2 2
! Boodle Boy (Hell man) 3 3
Dajonar (Kent) 4 4
Tom Smith (Smith) 5: 5
Time, 2:28, 2:2S» 2 .
2:25 class, pacing; purse $1000; mile heats,
three in five:
; Clipper, by Diablo-Celerity (D>urfee)...l 12 1
Daedalion (Tyron) 3 3 12
j Kelly Brings (Hay) ..2 i 3 3
Gaff Topsail (Smith) Distanced
I Roblet (Hassey) Distanced
r Captain Hackett fLapham).. ...:...,.... Distanced
Time, 2:09%. 2:13, 2:11, 2:11»;.- ■ "•-.;
2:14 class, trotting: mile heats, two In three:
Clay 3 by Grover Clay- Belle (Rodriguez). 3 . 1 1
MeKinney ....-2 3 2
Dalmont - ...42 3
Iran Alto -.1 4 5
Althavis 5 5 4
Time. 2:13%. 2:14. 2:13%. ..
DUEL WITH A BURGLAR.
Auburn Night Watchman Wounds a
Murderous Thief.
AUBURN, Aug. 17.— An attempt wan
made at 3 o'clock this morning to rob the
clothing store of Mayor Morgan. Night
Watchman Hoffman discovered a man
prowling in the alley back of the store.
The fellow fired at the officer twice at tha
distance of only ten feet. One bullet went
through Hoffman's hat and the secona
pierced both his coat and lantern. The nf
ticer shot twice at the burglar, and evi
dently winged him, as he left a trail of
blood behind in his Might. At last ac
counts he had not been captured.
Drowned in Suisun Bay.
DUTTONS LANDING. Aug. 17.— While
fishing in the upper end of Suisun Bey,
near Grisly Island, on Sunday, Andrew
Peters, a fisherman, was drowned. The*
boom of his boat was seen to swing and
strike him on the head and carry him
overboard. Other fishermen put to th-i
rescue, but he evidently had been Btunnpd
by the blow and did not rise to the sur
face. The body has not been recovered.
Peters was a Greek, 46 years of age and
unmarried.
Dependable Drugs
The Owl's
Policy
Consistently selling purest
drugs and freshest medicines
has built up our enormous busi-
• ness. ■ ■
Wouldn't be good policy for
us to sell anything but best.
Want customers to come again.
Ayers' Sarsaparilla ; 70c
Regular price as advertised $1 .'
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets "
Small size; regular 50 cents. 40c
Pierces Prescription 70c
The regular price is 81.
Castoria 25c
Many a bottle of this sells
for 35 cents. I
Peruna .  85c
We save you 1 5c on a bottle.
Mellin's Food 35c, 55c
• Advertised regular price 50c
and 75 cents.
100-page catalogue
free for a -postal
Jkfft&Qti 1
|gtj # CUT-RATE**' §§jS|
*■■■• 1128 Market -St. *•""*
. Tel. South 356. , San Francisco .
j 10th and Broidway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland
Bad digestion causes bad' blood, and
bad blood causes many other complaints.
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets regulate di-
gestion; they assist the stomach to digest
food; 50 cents for a small box.BOTH PARTIES ORDER
EARLY CONVENTIONS
Democrats to Meet Next Tuesday—Repub
licans One Day Later.
Spirited Session of the Republican County Com
mittee- Tilt Between Ruef and Riordan.
Regulars Resolve to Loyally Sup
port the Ticket,
BOTH political parties declared
last night in favor of an early
convention. The Republican local
convention will meet at Odd Fellows'
Hall Wednesday evening. August 23.
Delegates to the Democratic conven
tion will assemble one day earlier at
Native Sons' Hall.
The Republican County Committee met
last evening at Pythian Castle. When A.
3. Raisch called the meeting to order
nearly all the members were present.
"Word had been passed around that there
would be a tilt between T. P. EUordan and
A. Ruef. The combat began early and
lusted until the patience of the audience
was exhausted.
After the transaction of routine busi
ness Mr. Rlordan Introduced the follow
ing:
Whereas, at a primary election held on the
fth day or August. IW. pusuant to a call [B
sued by the Kepubilcin County Committee, for
a convention 01 delegates to rerres-ent the Re
publican party ot the city ana county of
Francisco in a Republican local convention.
tertain delegates «we elected for the formation
of fuch convention; now therefore be It
Resolved. That the dr-!e B :Ues elected at such
primary election, pursuant to the call, for ttK
purposes nerelnbclore stated, men at the city
ana county of Stui'franciaco, t^tate of Califor
nia on the L'3d day of August. 18»9, at the hour
«-f s o'clock p. m.. In the oid Fellows' Hall, on
Seventh street, near Market. it- : :
Resolved further. Inat a notice of the time
and i'lac; ot meeting herein set forth, to
gether with a copy of ttii? resolution, he mailed
\u each person appearing to have been elected
;t? such delegate to his place of residence by
the secretary of this committee. He It turther
Kewlved, That for the purpose <v temporary
organization tne secretary of this committee
f-hall prepare and is hereby Instructed to pre
pare a roll of the del. gates who have been
ti.-cted at such primary election, which roll
snail be prepared from certificates of election
presented to him for that purpu?e, and that he
fhall have and produce such roll at the taid
u.eetine. Ue it further.
Resolved, hat the chairman of this commit
tee be dr.J is hereby authorized to call said
. meeting of the delegates to order for the trans
action of business and for the purpose of the
formation of said delegates into a Republican
local convention.
Mr. Ru. : arose immediately after the
reading of the resolution to Inquire he
purpose of ciilliiiK the convention so early.
Intimating that Lneremig.it be a concealed
scheme to dt-i'eat the ptople and embar
rass the Republican voters. V
Mr. Riordan replied that the sentiment
of the people, as expressed by the news
papers and the delegates-elect, was favor
able to an early convention. He remarked
that the delegates were not bound to pro
ceed at once to nominal a ticket, but
could meet and adjourn for one month if
they so sired.
The explanation was not sufficiently
lucid for Mr. Ruef. who Lid thai he
would move to amend the resolution If
pome intelligent explanation was not given
to account tor the violation of party pre
cedent in calling a convention so early.
After ,i general exchange of insinua
tions, in which each member deplored the
mental incapacity of the other, the audi
ence agreeing with both on these points,
the discussion descended to personalities.
Ruef was charged with deserting th._- Re
jiubJioan party in 1596 and Rlordan was
accused <it uesertlng the Democratic party
at an earlier date. Ruef. arising to a
qufstion of privilege, sought to explain .
that he went against the decree of the !
State Central- Committee in lifts on prin
ciple and supported Laumeister for Mayor
on principle.
Riordan, rising to a question of privi
lege, remarked mat he left the Democratic
party in IS7B, when Ruef was in swaddling
clothes, and had "stood by the legitimate
Republican organization ever since.
Ruef's amendment to designate Sep
tember IS as the date for delegates to as
semble in convention was rejected. Less t
than a half dozen members supported the
amendment. The resolution as presented
by Riordan was adopted by an almost
unanimous vote.
After the adoption Secretary P. H.
lergast, in answer to Ruefs inquiry
as to the meaning of the resolution, said:
'■The object of the resolution is that it
FPfms' to be the consensus of opinion
among the delegates elected at the Into
primary election that an early day would
■•■ the proper thing for holding the con
vention, for the simple reason that wo
are working under a different law from
any prevailing' previous to any other con
vention, owing to the fact that the party
organization is changed upon the conven
ing of the convention— not on the conven
ing of the convention hut is changed- by
tho convention upon the election of a new
County Committee. The said committee
shall take Immediate charge of the com
ing campaign, and in order to do bo intel
ligently It is necessary for the good of the
candidates and the ticket at large that
the complexion of the ticket should be
known."
Mr. Ruef remarked that if the explana
tion had been given early he would not
have opposed the plan.
A. J. Raiseh, chairman of the commit
tee, introduced the following resolutions,
which were adopted unanimously:
Whereas, The approaching local election for
City- and county officers under the new char
ter -in of vital interest to the Republican party
rf Pan Francisco <md to the Republicans of the
whole State, and whereas, it is pre-eminently
Important that the party should be united and
harmonious.
Resolved. That we call upon all Republicans
who have the good of the party at heart to put
HFide personal and factional differences and
dissensions to the end that the party may b<?
united against our Democratic opponents at
the coming election.
• lived. That it is the sense of this com
mittee, that those v.hi prevailed In the several
districts at the late local primary election
Fhould be loyally recognized ami supported in
th»lr respective districts as b»lng entltlc-d to
represent the Republicans of their districts.
rt,.Q O lved. That It Is the sense of this com
mittee that th.- Republican local convention
fhnuld nominate capable, earnest and tried and
true frlf-nds of the new charter— men of unlm
peachable integrity— to the end that no Re
publican can have any excuse for voting;
nt-ainst the Republican ticket or anyone
thereon.
Resolved, That individually as * committee
R-e pledge ourselves to loyally support the whole
Republican ticket to be nominated by the con
vention.
CITIZENS' REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION CALLED
The delegates to the Citizens' Rrpub-
3 + O4 O ♦O-tO^-O^O-f-O^O-f-O-f-O-t-O-fO-f -f O-fOtO-fO^-04-Of-O-t-O-f-O-f-O-fO-f-C^
o \ o
!Ae Instrument of Torture!
- <,&" . "▼
p. • o
■t- ' ,11 111 _w i i_i -i. _*ijßSff*E*'fc. Is a Truss made on the plan as •♦
O >jg" J -* 3i «^.s>vrT-.r.«i;<ai^^^^ -l lV v.- n . with a heavy Bteel or iron °
'■ *" r w*tiß& -^3^jKßa \ band, as you know If you have ."^
V. / K^?S B been in the habit of wearing one. °
q I C^***^ Throw it away! Why will you "♦
4- 1 rffmWfftr continue wearing such an inatru- ?
O %. /£&%!Zs£j%ffisi9 mer.t of torture, when we can fur- q
-.- 199HH|^^ nish you a most efficient truss — >
° ' »— raE^lßßß^ ELASTlC— without any iron O
'"'■**' vvm**"^. "yjß^ hoops or steel springs about it. >
£ and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and »
a DAT' As for CURES. DR. PIERCES- Celebrated MAGNETIC ELAS- T
%■ TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC 2
O TRUSS .the only genuine and successful one over invented. Electricity o
4- Is the only thing that will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Place's Truss -f
4- cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c in stamps for our "Book No. 1," 6
O -'or -call -at -office.- Address: '^ ' ' ;/'*'' '/' O
I MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY |
% ' 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Franclsoo. 5
■ 6+O+O+ O-f O+O+O 4-O+O+O4T O4- 4-04-0404>04>0404>04-04-0-fb4; 4-a
' lican Convention mot last night at Sorial
; hall in the Alcazar building and oler-ted
1 Joseph E. Lee chairman and John Jack
. son secretary of the convention. The ('in
vention was called to order by Thomas
jB. O'Brien i iry of the Citizens'
Republican County Committee, who in a I
long speech, declared that the Citizens'
Republican i irty had always been an
antl-bi as i rg mlzatlon, owing allegiai cc
to no boss, and was in th< field to stay
until the death knell of bossism had been.
1 runp.
Incidentally Mr. O'Brien spoke of the
i Call as being "affected with anti-Burns
hydrophobia and ready to brand the
party a? a boss organization," but before !
hi said, the * "all would see the j
r of its way and acknowledge the
Citizens' Republican party as an advo
r pure and decent politics.
Hi praised Mayor Phelan as a "Rood.
honest ;w>..i charitable gentleman,' who ■
mad< a fine record as Mayor, and
that tt. required a Btrong man to
■.. ■ ■ • ection day; but if the Re- 1
publicans were ui::t>-'i. and placed Adolph
EJpn kels, a man who was Mr. Phelan's
; equal, socially and politically, at the head j
of the ticket, the party could win. After
■ mi committees the con
; vention adjourned.
A:- yng Mr. O'Brien said that
It was the aim of the party he represented
to ki p away from bosses, and tnat the
part] • Ished its object at the i
primary when it helped to defeat. '.
Crlmmins ami Kelly.
"It is our Intention now." he said, "to
help the Central Republicans In the light
if they keep away from the bosses, but
. ! they show an inclination to be
ted to by any boss, the citizens'
Republican p;:rty will put a strong ticket
i of its own in thy field.
DELEGATES CAUCUS
TO-MORROW NIGHT
The chairman of the district organiza
-9 mot with the district commiti :e of
the Central Republican League last night
at the • Irand Hotel head r the
if reporting the standing of the
tea el< cted by t
The different districts were represented
as follows:
Thirtieth District. J. J. Morehouse;
Thirty-first District, A. M. Baird; Thirty
fourth District. J. K. C. Hobbs; Thirty
fifth District, John H. Hillman; Thirty
sixth District. J. 1.. Mahoney; Thirty-sev
enth District, George D. Ciark; Thirty
ninth District, Charles J. King: Fortieth
District, J. B. Whitney; Forty-first Dis
trict, Wallace Bradford; Forty-second
District, A. K. Smith; Forty-third Dis
; trict. Dr. A. D. M< l^iin.
The reports submitted were highly sat
tory. A thorough canvass of deie
g ■ - was made during the past week in
every district, and not one deflection from
the ranks was reported, while several val
uable acquisltii i a w« r» made.
News was brought In during the meeting
that the Central Committee had an
nounced Wednesday nexi as the date " r "
■■ the convention, and considerable criticism
resulted. The action of the Central Com
was branded as .■ po< r attempt to
catch the league napping. Measures to
1 defeat the scheme were discussed and it
iecided to call a caucus of all the
a for to-morrow evening.
It will probably take i>luee at Native
S • s' Hall, but that point was not deft
nitely settled.
The delegates will be lined up and in
-1 strutted to be on hand Wednesday, no
matter what happens, and it will re de
cided whether the convention will prr>ceed
• ■ appointment of the committee or
adjourn after th>- election of a chairman.
An effort was made to bring up the se
lection of a chairman last night, but ac
tion was deferred till to-morrow night.
Among the names most prominently men
tioned for the chair last night were John
'R. Hillman. Judge Schell. George D.
1 Clark. Lucius L. Solomons and Sheldon
; G. Kellogg.
DEMOCRATS WILL
CONVENE NEXT WEEK
Tho executive committee of the Demo
cratic County Committee met last night
in th<-> Columbian building and definitely
decided to hold a convention in Native
Rons' Hall on Tuesday evening. August
22. The meeting was held behind ■
d<>nrs and only the elect were permitted
to pain admittance. Some discussion was
haa over the selection of the date nanvii.
but after the necessity of holding an early
convention had been pointed out to the
members the*, date was unanimously
; adopted.
The only othpr business transacted by
' the committee before adjourning was to
i decide on the number of rollcalls to be
: printed and the arrangement and painting
of signs, etc. Jasper McDonald occupied
the chair and Lawrence Walsh acted as
secretary.
THE RED MEN.
Farewell Festivities to the Supreme
Officers — Presentation of a Silk.
American Flag.
The festivities in connection with ihe
: Supreme Lodge of the Independent Order
! of Red Men were brought to a close last
1 night b> a grand ball given to tho past
j and present grand officers and the repre
sentatives in Turn Vereln Hall on Turk
Btreet The hall, which was daintily
decorated, was crowded, and after several
numbers of the dance there was an in
!• resting event, the presentation of a
handsome silk Amcrl<an Mag to the
. Rotherncanner Schuetzers by C. H.
Reinhardt, past supreme chief Pow
battan. This was surmounted with
i a wreath of flowers donated by
1 the ladi<^' ol the lodge of the
Degree "f Focahontas. The presentation
was by tho denor and the flag was re
: dived !■>■ Captain H. Grieb, commanding
' the company.
; The affair, which was a very enjoyable
I one. was under the management of the
1 following i amed who constituted the
Beveral committees: C. B. Reinhardt
M. Fuetscher. J. Knoll. C. Wallert. r'
' Bail. <;. Adani. J.- Hartfrldt. I". Huber.
;M. Kollenberg. R, Tampke and C.
I Schmidt. Conrad Spit: was the floor
! manager and Julius Meyer and H.
M'.:ltenhauser his assistants.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899.
CROWDS GREET
THE RETURNING
COLORADO MEN
Given an Ovation by
the City.
ESTABLISHED IN QUARTERS
DEPARTTTRE OF THE BRAVE
UTAH ARTILLERYMEN.
Colonel F. H. Harbaugh Promoted
and Assigned to the First In
fantry, Colonel Miles'
Old Command.
The transport Warren docked early yes-
terday morning, but it was not until 1
o'clock that the Colorado regiment went
on its way to the Presidio.
There were crowds waiting for it along
the front; there were more crowds along
Market street and Van Ness avenue, and
there were more out at the Presidio wait
ing round among the tents to see the
boys come in and settle themselves in
quarters. There were many Hags and
cheers, more shouting and enthusiasm,
more handshakes and embraces. It was
all impromptu; too, for no one knew *hen
the regiment would move, and it was only
after the signal gun barked from the
Claus Bpreckela building announcing the
start of the column that the people began
to gather.
Every company as it passed was given
an ovation and men and officers were kept
busy returning salutes from the crowds.
It was so all down the line until the col
ors came by, and then the full significance
of It all struck the people and the tribute
of absolute silence was accorded the tat
tered ensigns. There is but little left of
the regimental flag, and what there is of
it has turned from a blue to almost a
black. There is still less' of the national
ensign. It la torn and frayed, and a stripe,
or two and the fringe is all that is left
of the body of it. The field is still un
touched, however. There is not a star in
jured, and the blue of their setting stems
to have withstood rain and wind and lead.
Torn as is the rest of it, the Coloradans
have brought back the heart of their Mag
as strong and whole as when they bore It
away; they have paid for It in blood and
suffering, "but there is not one of them
that looks at the untarnished union and
the torn stripes around it but feels the
sacrifice was worth while.
The march was the usual route of the
volunteers— up Market street to Golden
Gate avenue, then to Van Ness avenue, to
Lombard street and to the reservation.
They were assigned to the old Oregon
camp The men stood the march well
and arrived at the Presidio about 3
o'clock and at once preparations were
begun to make the regiment comfortable
for the night. Bed ticks were issued to
the men and they were sent to a big pile
of straw at the foot of the company
streets to (ill them. Pillows were alr>p
Issued and by the time the boys had (Uicd
their ticks and had arranged them in the
tents the baggage wagons with the
blankets began to arrive.
Commissary stores had been sent down
to the company kitchens and all the cooks
had to do was to start the fires, but they
were relieved from any immediate neces
sity for this by the Pennsylvania men,
who sent an invitation for every one from
Colorado to come over and take supper.
It has been the custom so far for every
newcomer to be invited to take Its first
meal with the last arrival to the camp, so
the Pennsylvania men carried out the
rule to the letter. . The officers of the
Colorado regiment dined with the Penn
sylvania officers, and the men dined to
gether, company by company. All the
Colorado men have drawn warm clothing
in preparation for the climate here, and
the sick list of the regiment will not be
a large one.
The following men. nil convalescents,
were sent at once to the general hospital:
Corporal Malvern Tate. Frank A. W. Hrark
ley. Corporal Roy' McCandless. Musician Albert
JU-atherington, Company A; John W. Chapman,
William 11. Simpson, Joseph Goble, George A.
Hawkins, Company B; Herbert V. Aldrldge,
Company D; James J. Telfer, John Mountain,
Company V: Corporal Frank M. Dickey, An
drew Kettleson. Corporal Frank I). Neptune.
Musician Hurnhart Altmeir, Company H; Ira
T Aleshlre. Vincent Samuel, Joseph T. Full
ington Company X; Edward J. Wall, William
J Mc»''ord, John Summer. Corporal Edward N.
Worden, Corporal Curl .1. I>unroee, Company
I,- Anton J. Birth. Company M; George W.
Smith and Nicholas Polly, discharged soldiers
who came over with the Colorado men, were
also sent to the hospital. ■■:"•■■;
In the midst of the general rejoicing
over the return of the Colorado boys Gov
ernor Thomas finds one outside cause for
additional satisfaction. The Colorado
i boys are the last to come to camp, and to
them, therefore, remains the pleasure of
escorting the California boys to the Pre
sidio and inviting them to dine on the day
of their arrival. The Colorado men and
the Californlans have been friends from
the beginning of the war. They have
been In the trenches together, they have
cheered each other on many an occasion
and they are neighbors anyway, and the
Governor crowns his satisfaction with the
thought that his men will of right be the
ones to welcome' the California boys to
their own home.
The Utah men met at the ferry at half
past 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and
amid great enthusiasm boarded the boat
that was to take them to the special train
awaiting them in the Oakland mole. Many
of them had already secured citizens'
clothes. They will be given a royal wel
i come "at Ogden and at Salt Lake, where
i they will be disbanded after turning their
colors over to the State and receiving
their medals. W'-,
Lieutenant Colonel F. H. Harbaugh.
Third Infantry, who has been in command
| of the casual detachment at the Presidio,
received his commission as colonel yes
terday and with it came an order assign
■ Ing him to the command of the First In
| fantry, now in Cuba, with the further or
der to join his new command without de
lay. Colonel Harbaugh will succeed Col
onel Evan Miles, who has just been re
tired.
Captain Ole Grotham, formerly surgeon
of the Third Nebraska Regiment while
It was stationed at Havana, has been ap
pointed to the First Nebraska Regiment
now awaiting mustering out at the Pro
f-idlo. He arrived here Tuesday. He will
serve only until the regiment has been
mustered out, on the 23d lnst.
Leave of absence for a month has been
granted to Captain \\\ H. Kell. Twenty
second Infantry; Major B. C. Loekwood,
Twenty-first Infantry, and Major John W,
Hannay. Third Infantry. All three offi
cers have been In the general hospital at
the Presidio.
Governor Thomas of Colorado and more
than twenty of his party were last night
the guests of the Ornheum management, j
They occupied three boxes.
STAFF APPOINTMENTS
BY GOVERNOR GAGE
Paris Exposition Commission Wrapped in a
Blaze of Military Glory.
W, W. Foote, E. W, Runyon, B. C, Truman and
Secretary Varney Gaskill Are Full- Fledged
Colonels— Story of the Sudden
Promotion.
CALIFORNIANS who have a
fondness for gazing on military
chieftains arrayed in gorgeous
splendor may now prepare to
gaze. Governor Gage has appointed
the bulk of his staff. Bulk is not the
prettiest word imaginable when applied
|to a staff, but as Adjutant General
| Seamans typifies beauty the others
SOME OF THE FIGHTERS OF THE COLORADO REGIMENT.
may signify the bulk.
There is a little story connected with
the unexpected appointment of so
many staff officers. Yesterday Gov
ernor Gage, the Paris Exposition Com
missioners, th>- secretary of the com
mlssiun and others were speaking at
lunch of Paris and Parisians. One
member of the party; who served dur
ing the last pension of the Legislature
on the staff of Kurns, spoke of a great
function which took place in Paris
j while he was there. He said that there
was no chance for a common citizen to
gain admission to the function, so he
put on his uniform as an officer of the
'staff of Governor Perkins of California,
and the management of the show, in
their haste to recognize rank, almost
pulled down .the doors to let him in.
As Governor Gag.- was listening to
the tale a bright fancy hit him. Sud
denly he exclaimed:
"A whole lot of fellows want to get
on my staff. Why wouldn't it be just
MRS. PARRY'S FAMILY DID NOT
ASK HER AWKWARD QUESTIONS
TWO women, each wearing black
for Frank Parry, wept copiously
when the coat and rest of the
murdered man were offered aa evi
dence In Judge Graham's court
yesterday. One of these* women was the
mother of tho deceased, the other the
widow and accused of the crime. The
widow was garbrd in fashionable mourn
ing and surrounded by thoughtful, tender
relatives arid friends. The mother wore
shabby, rusty black, and when she wept
there was no one near to comfort her.
The mother controlled herself better
than the widow, who in the midst of her
stepfather's testimony turned white and
In a swooning condition was carried from
the courtroom.
The only witness at yesterday's proceed
ing's was William yon Valkenberg, the
youthful stepfather of the defendant. Yon
Valkenberg told of the circumstances that
followed the shooting and Incidentally
developed the fact that he and Mrs.
Parry's family were the least curious
people on record.
When Yon Valkenberg saw his step
daughter rush down the stairs toward
him. with a smoking pistol in her hand,
he asked no questions. When he was
sent for a physician he went without
questioning. When lie went to Parry's
room and ripped off his coat he asked the
deceased no questions, and later, even
after the police had been called in, he
asked no questions. His wife, Mrs.
Parry's mother, also asked no questions
and the young wife herself never came
to the sufferer's room to inquire as to
the patient's condition or the doctor's
verdict.
Mr. yon Valkenberg testified how, on
the evening of June 12 Frank Parry and
the accused made their home with Yon
Vulkenberg and wife at 107 Guerrero
street.
'•After dinner on the evening of June
12," said the witness, "Mr. and Mrs. Parry |
The Centennial's Accident.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States Inspectors of Local and Foreign
Steam Vessels, begaji yesterday taking
testimony in the matter of the grounding
of the Government 'transport Centennial
on a coral reef off the coast of Luzon, in
the Philippines. The investigation will
be continued to-day. Nothing new was
elicited. The accident happened while the
Centennial was on the way to Manila to
take returning soldiers on board.
the thing to make the members of the
Paris Commission and the secretary
staff officers?"
The Commissioners and the secretary
intimated that the Governor could not
make a better selection. That is the
story of sudden promotion.
Colonel "W. W. Foote, who served
valiantly in the Confederate army and
heroically resisted the advance of
Grant on Jackson, Raymond and Vicks
burg, did not then dream of gaining
higher rank than that of captain. Now,
at one great bound, he is promoted to
the full glory of colonel. All along the
line yesterday Colonel Foote was
saluted.
The rise of Runyon is even more re
markable than the promotion of Foote.
Yesterday E. W. Runyon was only a
plain banker in Red Bluff. To-day he
is a full-fledged colonel on the staff of
Henry T. Gage, Commander-in-Chief
of the military and naval forces of Cal
ifornia. Tehama County will be illum
inated to-night.
Ben C. Truman, who reported the
first but not the worst speech that Gage
ever made in California, can go to
Paris wearing the eagles of a colonel.
In his long tour of service in the liter
ary department of the Southern Pacific
Railway and as secretary of the Yo
semite Valley Commission, Truman
could never get above the grade of
major, but in this shower of military
glory, wherein rank like the dew of
heaven falls alike on tho blue and the
gray. Major Truman grows a notch.
Varney Gaskill, a veteran nf the Na
tional Guard who served with distinc
tion on the staff of Major General Di
mond at Santa Cruz, becomes a colonel
by reason of holding the office of secre
tary of the commission. Colonel Gas
kill's advancement in rank will cause a
thrill of popular pleasure from Amador
to AJameda. The colonel, apprehensive
that the Governor might revise the list
of appointments, immediately acquired
vested rights by ordering a uniform.
There remains but one thing for Gov
ernor Gas^ to do in order to complete
the military splendor of the Paris Corn
mis >ri. He should appoint the official
stenographer. Vivandiere. Of course
it is not customary to have a Vivan
diere on a Governor's staff, but Gage is
different from other Governors, and
th<' young lady Is worthy of military
promotion.
were the first people to leave th.-> table.
They went direct to their room upstairs,
and I went out Into the yard to play with
the dog. I heard a shot and rushed into
the house. At the foot of the staircase
leading to the second floor I met the de
fendant. She was coming down, in a
fainting: condition, and held a revolver
In her hand. I took the gun from her.
We exchanged no words. 'Run for a doc
tor,' she said, and I jumped on my wheel
and went. I asked no questions. She vol
unteered no information."
The witness then went on to state how
he successively went for Dr. Fitzgibbon
and Dr. Regan, and finally found Dr. Mor
rison, who followed him to the house.
"When I got back to the house," said
Yon Valkenberg. "Parry was sitting in a
chair. I took out my knife and ripped off
his coat. There was no conversation.
Miss Harrison, my wife's niece, was in the
room. I did not see Mrs. Parry, and never
Inquired for her. "
The young stepfather did not recall any
conversation at the dinner table on the
evening of June 12 relative to Leo Hirsch
man. He had known Hirschman for about
three months prior to that date, but be
lieved he called upon Miss Minnie Brown.
Mrs. Parry's sister. Witness also had no
remembrance of Dr. Bazet asking how the
shooting had occurred, nor of the doctor's
query as to how far from the muzzle the
patient was when the pistol was fired.
Yon Valkenberg also testified that the
pistol from which the fatal shot was fired
belonged to him, and that he was in the
habit of lending it to Mr. and Mrs. Parry
for pistol practice.
"About two weeks before the shoot
ing," said the witness. "I gave it to Mrs.
Parry to clean. After that I never saw it
until I took it. smoking, from her hand
on the evening of the 32th of June."
After Van Valkenberg's testimony was
concluded court adjourned until Monday
next at 2 o'clock.
The Hayden Inquest.
Owing to the non-attendance of wit
nesses, Coroner Hill has postponed the
Inquest into the matter of the death of
Edward Hayden, who committed suicide
In the City Receiving Hospital last
Wednesday night. The Coroner is anxious
to kn«iw how Hayden was allowed to get
the coil of wire into his cell.
Dear Madam: "Fegamoiii" says come;
You're welcome. Chronicle building, No. 61.
THE , EMPORIUM. I . THZ EMPORIUM. _
y¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥¥**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*2i
Pit tMPpRIUMSS; 1
r^fliferrw " Cold^nJtoleftazaar. T^| -• g -jr* i
Evening. LARGEST- AMERICA'S. CRAriDCST STOfX. ion rit - 4
// c ALL-DAY "^-"^ **
' // Spec/al Sales — • Jj
Men's Fine Suits, $ 10.75 -Friday and Saturday the last days of this i
\ very sp?ciU closing out sale 0. $12.50. $15. $16.50 snl $17.50 Suits. New all- "i
, wool worsteds, cheviots and cissimeres, in single or double breasted sacks ani J
3-button cn'aways, tailored and trimmed in latest st;, le, all sizes for men of all
Ehap:.-— to make room for immense incoming stocks, price for these Suits until
' closing time to-morrow * $10.75 *
\ Men's Pants, $1 Strictly all-wool $2.50 2nd $3 garments— until clo?- *
, ing time Saturday ni^'ut $1.95 'i
1 Boys' Long Pants Suits— Good value $6 and $7, bue cheviots an" l brown -
or gray m stares — for two days a: ■. $4-*95 ■i
i Boys' Knee Pants Suits— For 9to 15 years, all wool, new fall stvlfls. *
1 worth $4 and $s— f..r two aavs $2*65
I Ladies' Gloves, 62c— If wj h3ve your sizs in • _..
1 these two io.s great bargains await you to-day. Li- £-' 4
, dies' 2-c'asp Mo -ha and 2-ciasp Xi i G'.oves, color as- (Qfll]'f[\ ft'^ «
. Eortments aa 1 lin»3 of siz»s not compete: hence, for \w////$T;\ L': a 4
< this day only, instead of 85c and $1 the par. ' our \ \\\\ M * : . 1
1 choice for •. 62c \*\W \ *^. |jJ!| "<
! HHandkerchief,f f , 3 for lOc— Ladies' Sheer |^£(?\\(\ /&'] 3
« Liwn Hanikerchiefs. with lace edge and embroidered \ \v^~^^o\ '$!/' H
> effects — special to-day only 3 for IOC v^^j^l^S^t^v 1
I Men's $1 Shirts for 3
k W-Sflx 5 >C — Tne real Leominster ~ v>»^3~-^ ,
k \ White Liundered Sh.rt?, linen , y/J
* w^u^^x^ losom?, reinforced back and 1
' //w!r?\^\ \\\ front, patent stays, manufac- i J
k l//k\ \\ \ V\\\ turers' retail price of $1 i 3 VJ J 1
# v\v\ Men's $1 Shirts for l^v^^^^ H
sjC— Tne real Leomin^ter v>r^> — ' ,
White Liundered Sh rt~, linen t / i
losom>, reinforc?d back and j |
front, patent stays, minufac- j
v '.\ tarers' retail price of $1 is 1 J
«j\\ woven in neck; bind of each \jj 1
» : 'v J \\ \ Snll)) s-hirr, perfe t fit guaranteed — J
k Iff \\* &\ij/j special to-day on'y sOc 1
* $3.50 worth Music for 20c- To-day (Friday) • i
I "^Jf only, a ioho containinx 10 ony light patriotic songs 1
» ffl/litYMtm^ that woul i sell separata y for 353 each — on special sale '*'
k . Witt""!, *> to-day onl.- at , 2OC \
' Friday Bargains— Laces — Cream Cotton Chiff n, 24 inches wide, for hat 1
I or necK trimm n^ r , regular. y 45c yard — to-day on yat 25c *
' Grenadine Net — 24 inches wide, for hat trimming, regularly 20: yard — to-day ,
' only at 13c 1
i Black Chantiliy Laca — Several patterns, 2}4 to 4 inches wide, all silk, regularly *
» 15c yard— tr-iay on at... 9c ,
' $1.50 Satin Duchesse for $1*19— 22-inch /-n ' "
' Black Satia Duche se, extra he ivy, ?up2rb fi.iish, for /""""N iSs, "
, dres3 skirts or shro waist.-, regular y $1.50 yaH— for J^E^^ £3^ ■ '
» Friday only at $I*l9 /"^^^^X^jr^ '.. \
1 4Oc Cake Plates for 22c— Fancy Shape China AAi*£rtf§j V
' Cake P.ates, open hinale, stipple g >ld ejg s ani a daintc fy^-^^ff *£* ■ '
k ,'"-■ decoration in figures and Corn fe«^^»^pT^k /--' •'
k flower?, regularly 40c each — V^is^ : '
» >/^^^>>^m special Friday. only 22g «
' {'/W^it iA^»k Lanterns, 35c Dozen— ''.|
» Y^S\!(// ?^/>ik^t Fidav tutd Saturday only in ■"r-Slt^ |
» tmia. '/" ; '^^^^^[tX)rf Chintsi B .i^aar. ■ . ,
' r^vsl *f\ jb%, /j?/ 10x10 iich siz?, ragn'irlv 50c dozen, for.. 35c • '
' -!tffia/Zir*y/ l-xl2 iich siza. regular. y $1.10 dozen, for. 75c ■ ""
* A^^S^K^ Paper Napkins. lOc par lOO— Fancy paper. <■
k >s -»^T^>^> Njp.^ns, prttty patterns an i colors, regularly 15c per '
» i^" 100— Friday and Siturdty 01 special sale at ........ /0© '
£ Cups and Saucers— O.ientil Bazaar Dip-irtimnf his jut received: a .'
fc charming issortment of oidly designed Cup* and Siucerj which are specially %
k priced from lOC Up <
k:_ • '
I Groceries and Liquors. \
I The Special Offerings for Friday and : '
k Saturday August 18 and 19.
£ Soap— Emporium Sivor, lib bars— , rbon Whisky — Hermitage !
jh, for the wo days 32 bars 0r.. 51.00 1889, full quart bottles — special at.... : i
► Postum Cereal — The famous .SJ*OO <
£ health coffee, large packages— Zinfandel— Six years old ani extra '
£ at .; • 18C\ Co cc— Friday and Saturday, quarts. '
I Hesperian Tomatoes — The per dozen $2. 50 \
k Haywards pick - for two days 4 tins \(lVe allow 50: dorm for empty bottles). '
\ for • V "-. ■•-25 c Domestic Porter — The best '
k • (OmhfdauntQasiHgUcmstomtrU American Porter that money can buy \ '
i, Pancake Flour— "Ami Jemimas" regularly $1.25 dozen— for two !
k —special for 2 days, par package. lOC days... 9Oc
sfcA4r»*4^**6**<l<S«<iiJ***«d*644AA«J«A4«J46 ! 46A6^^
MADE ONE AT
BRIDE'S HOME
Pretty Wedding o? Charles
A. Kierulff and Miss
Alice L. Jordan.
The wedding nf Ali^e I>. Jordan and
Charles A. KierultT, which was announced
last April, toon, place last evening at the
home of the . bride's father, 1118 Goush
street.
The bride, who is the daughter of Wil
liam H. Jordan, the well-known attorney.
wore a gown of white taffeta silk,
trimmsd with ducbesse laco, with orna
ments of pearls. George Kierulff.
brother of the groom, acteu as best man.
and Miss Kdith Treanor was maid of
The marriage ceremony was performed
under two fragrant hearts of sweet peas
the Rev. Dr. Swan of the Episcopal
Church nf Berkeley officiating.
lunong those present w.^re Frank Jor
dan of Alameda. uncle of me bride; Mrs.
Henry T. Yrooman and daughters: Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Low; George Noble; Miss
Edith Henrice, Miss Lacy and the
The couple will leave on the 11 o'clock
boat this morning for the south, where
they will spend their honeymoon. On their
return they will take up their residence
In Berkeley, with the parents of the
groom.
RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.
At the regular meeting- of the Knights
of the Red Branch held in their hall at
1133 Mission street on August It). ISX', the
following preamble an«i resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
Whereas We have heard with sincere
regret of 'the death of Rev. George W.
Pepper of Ohio, and
Whereas For half a century Dr. Pepper
hTS united in his person, and exhibited in
his every act. all the best attributes of an
ideal Atrerican citizen and an enthusi
astic Irish Nationalist, quick to perceive
and prompt to perform all his duties to
this the land of his adoption, yet ever
watchful of the present interests and
nroud of the ancient glory of the land of
his birth' trusted and honored by his
American fellow-citizen* for his loyalty
and devotion to this great republic in the
hour of her peril, respected and revered
by all Irish Nationalists for his able and
persistent efforts in the cause of Irish
Independence: therefore be it
Resolved. That we, the Knights of the
Red "Branch of San Francisco, sincerely
mourn the death of this illustrious repre
sentative of our race and nationality, and
tender our heartfelt sympathy to his
family ar.d friends.
Resolved. That inrcspectto the memory
of our distinguished brother our hall
he draped in the usual emblems of mourn
ing for a period of three months.
Resolved, That these resolutions bo
spread on the minutes of our organiza
tion and copies be furnished to th£
"Nation" and daily papers of this city, the
Chicago Citizen and New York Irish
World JAS. J. CANIFFE,
JOHN McCANN.
RICHARD CORBETT,
Committee on Resolutions,
French Sailors Arrested.
Jean Marie Mathieu. Charles Marie !
Bouvron and Jules Josef Tesffler, Frenc.i
sailors aboard the bark Admiral Trounde.
were arrested last night nn Consular
warrants charging them with creating \
disturbances aboard the shop. They will :
be Imprisoned by the local police authori
ties for about eight days, whtn the ship
Is scheduled •to leave port. They will
then be sent back to the bark, and If they
persist in raising further trouble the
captain will mete out high sea justice.
FELL FORTY FEET.
Aged Laborer Meets With an Accident
on the Transport Siam.
Edward Elliott, an aged laborer en
gaged m loading hay on the United States
transport Siam. fell through a hatchway
last evening and sustained serious in
juries. When rim treated at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital the physicians were
of the opinion that death would result
but later the patient revived, and Drs'
Robinson and Murphy, who treated him
entertained hopes for his life.
Elliott was working near the hatch-way
and was accidentally crowded into the
hole. He dropped forty feet, and hiss in
juries amounted to severe contusions of
the head, a fracture of the right arm and
a dislocation of the left wrist. Hp is un
married and resides at 440 ("lark street
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE), :
SAN X.A.FA.EL.
This school will reopen on August 29, with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Kvery pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms- on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves, no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest •■•
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangements
have been made for boarding pupils and carry-
ing on the school in the Hotel Rafael until th» j
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials and references apply to the principal,
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael. .
HOITT'S SCHOOL, :
MENLO PARK. SAN MATKO COUNTY, CAlx.
Is rebuilding with all modern Improvement*.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin Its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior ad van- ■
lace* for the care and thorough trainLnz at
buys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA O. HOITT, Ph. D.. Principal. .
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN HA.TJCO, CAL.— FOUNDED A D. lit*. •
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
I- or catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master. '•
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY, :..
ALAmEDfI.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR ROTS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY. August 8.
W. W. ANDEKSON. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
QQfIA WASHINGTON ST. OPENS Al'O.
tJ*j\J\J 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
versity; twenty-second year; corps of 11 pro-
fesscis. Accredited with, the University. For °
catalogue of Information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
flam'in School and Van Ness Seminary,
iGACk JACKSON. COR. GOUGH ST., S. F.
lOTtw Boarding and day school for girls.
Accredited by the University of California,
Opens August 14. 1899. Send for prospectus.
SARAH D. HAMLLN. Principal. =
56
FRIDAY AUGUST 18, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. " ■
■ Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. •
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F"
Telephone Main ISCS. . "• ' '
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7I. ■
: .: DELIVERED T.T CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
..-' :' /'. ■ Sine' 1 * Copies, ."> cent*.
; : • ■■' . Tern-.? by Mall, Including Postage:
I'AII.T CAM, (Including Sunday -Call), one year IJSO.OO
iDA'ILY CALL <!nc!>:d;ns Funds] Call), C months „ 11. 00
.PAILY CALL (Including up.day Call). 3 months ...-. 1.50
PATLY CALL— Iv Single Month <i3e
sKGKTMT CALL One Year 1.50
'AVKEKLY call One Y*nr ; 1.00
; All postmiisrers ar» authorized to n»c?'.r. subscriptions.
: -; Sample copies v.-11l be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ».... 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. . .
Manager Foreign Advertising, Atarquctte Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE*
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. ■
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Urentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. _^
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.: :. Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 /Montgomery str«ct, corner Clay .
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark v !n street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
19*1 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 229' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-
Hcand and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "TV.« Liars."
California— "As You Like It."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. • ' -
Tlvoli— "Fidello."
Alcazar— "Under Two Flags."
Grand Opera-house — "Dorothy." i '
Chutes, '/.••<> and Free Theater Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening-.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Filipino Wonder Show.
'. Tabernacle, Exposition Building, Oakland— Cakewalk Car-
nival.
Alhambra— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, Wednesday and
Thursday, Auirust :'?. and Si.
. ' California State Fair. Facramento — September 4to 16.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. l'.arth— This day, at 2 o'clock. Furniture, at 414 Me-
Ani?tf-r street.
COME UP WITH THE COIN
MTU IN a week the California Volunteers will
/ be home. Whatever reception we are' to ac
cord them must be prepared for in that time.
.'i committee has asked for $50,000,' that being the
amount estimated to be sufficient to make the welcome
Worthy of the heroes and of the State. Something
like $35,000 has been subscribed or raised by various
entertainment?. For the remainder of the required
Sum an appeal must be made to the citizens, and it
goes without saying the contributions should be
made before the close of this week.
. Some of the larger corporations and wealthier com
panies of the 1 city have either refused to contribute at
/all or have made contributions far below the measure
the public had a right to expect of them. Doubtless
•their official feel more pleasure in the gratification
of Stinginess than in any welcome, could give or
help to give to the returning volunteers, and that
being so they have acted after their kind. The great
mass of the people, however, arc of another nature,
S;m Francisco has not won her proud reputation for
•hospitality and generosity without deserving it. Some'
niggard and mean persons we have indeed in the
■community, but they are comparatively few. In this
vm&tance, as in former ones, we can get along with
out them and give our heroic volunteers a welcome
which. will be all the more gracious because these nig
gards will have no part in it. . • .
/..•He is but a spirited Californian who does not
:>e! something of a thrill of joyous expectancy in the
knowledge that the California Volunteers will be
home, in so short a time. We have, given a patriotic
•welcome to the returning heroes of our sister States,
but our hearts have been waiting for the coming of
our own. The days will pass rapidly. In a short
time we shall hear the booming of the guns that an
nounce- the arrival of the transport at the Golden
Gate, and then the grandest festival in the history of
the city will begin.
•. That festival must not fall short of popular desire
in any way. Every feature of it must be brilliant.
Beautiful and triumphant. The money, required for
the completion of the great preparations now under
way ought to be in the hands of the committee before
Saturday night Upward of $35,000 has been raised.
There is needed about $15,000 more.' San Francisco
can easily raise that in two days if her people give
heed to. the need of it. Come up with the coin.
Reports from Sacramento indicate that Governor
Gage has put his foot in it in letting an unauthorized
contract for an executive, mansion. It is some conso
lation to know that he will not put his foot in the
mansion — not next term, anyhow. : ■
: The management of the Mechanics' Fair has made a
curious oversight. In the programme of sports it has
made no provision for foot-racing, in which, to judge
from the reports from Manila, the countrymen of
Agtiinaldo excel.
. TheYaqui Indians arc at a great disadvantage in
their war with Mexico. Until they secure a few type
writers and establish a news agency they must ex
pect; to be beaten out several columns daily in the
papers, ; •
Uncle Sam is playing the coquette with his soldiers
in the Philippines. He has ordered several thousand
pounds of candy for them. ' The dispatches do not
say .that the sweetmeats are to be sent out to the firing
lines.
The new batch of French revolutionists, headed by
the noisy and harmless Paul Deroulede, might make
a good conspirators' chorus for a new comic opera
The only drawback would be the lack of novelty.
• Lady Frances Broome may have taken the law into
her own hands at Santa Barbara, but all the testimony
shows that she made a clean sweep of the town Mar
shal and his deputies. „ _°
Following the example of.Adclina Patti-Nicolini,
Lillic Langtrv has taken unto herself a young hus
band. It is ttj be hoped she will be a real mother to
him.
THE TRANSVAAL.
THE Dutch settlements in South Africa had in
them the whplesome.elemcnt and fair promise of
a real colonial plant. They were in a congenial
climate, in the south temperate zone. The Dutch
race was there stoutly perpetuated from generation *o
generation, and did not die out as in the Dutch plan
| tations- in Java and other hot islands in the Indian
j Ocean.
The Dutch settlements in temperate Africa had a
natural growth, and features exactly in common with
the growth of the English colonies in North America,
which by natural increase have overgrown a continent.
The Dutch planted liberty and religion as the founda
tion of their materialities, and there grew up genera
tions that know no other fatherland than the Boer
nations of the Dark Continent.
Every right-minded person in the world knows and
feels that the interests of humanity, the welfare 01
mankind, the preservation of the germs of liberty,
require that the Dutch of the' Transvaal be left to
work out their destiny by natural growth. They have
taken kindly to physical conditions there. Their in
stitutions arc such as to preserve their, national and
racial characteristics, and the foundation they have laid
is broad enough to hold the superstructure of a great
natipn dedicated to the principles of William the
Silent and John of Barnevcldt.
If the mission of England were to promote the
spread of civilization and the extension of those civil
institutions by which her people have profited at
home, she would gallantly salute the Transvaal Re
public and thank it for assuming so much of her bur
den, and leave it in security to work out its great des
tiny. That England does not do this, but instead is
making tons of dumdum bullets and shipping to
South Africa every terrible engine of war that can
mutilate and murder men, proves the cordial hy
pocrisy of her claim to be the patron and promoter
of civilization. It is not to the credit of the United
States that we helped England at the Peace Confer
ence steer so well through that no tribunal
was provided in which a people like those of the
Transvaal can appeal for justice to the conscience of
the nations. Ahab covets Naboth's vineyard again,
and if the United States have acted Jezebel's part in
i taking it away let this nation remember Jezebel's fate.
1 England is guilty of ingratitude to the Dutch. Under
her Stuart Kings she was practically a vassal of
. France. Her Kings accepted an annual subsidy for
the privy purse from Louis XIV. She was under
1 Gallic suzerainty from Charles I to James 11. with
exception of the short reign of the Lord Protector.
Her military energies and her- commercial progress
were subordinate to the interests of France.
From this humiliation she was delivered by the j
Dutch. The grandson of the great Stadtholder raised
her out of the gutter where she groveled at the feet
of France and made her stand upright in her rightful
' place among the nations.
It is said that one generation owes no gratitude nor j
incurs any obligation to any that has preceded it. The
| author. of that iiiuch discussed book. "The Social
Compact," carries this into the domestic relation and
applies it to parent and child, the one being under no
obligation to provide for the other. This brutal phil
osophy seems adapted to the British policy in her in
ternational affairs, and she moves, well armed and
jocund, to the slaughter of the weak, to the murder of I
liberty, to the effacement of the best civilization in !
Africa, though in ><.> doing she is a matricide in cut
ting the throat of a principle which , is the mother of
her' own liberty. . |
The patriots of the Transvaal can turn' nowhere for
help and sympathy. Their motherland, long de
bauched by the wealth that lias flowed from oppres- i
sion of. the Javanese, holding a .robber's title to the
land of others and to the bodies of men in Asia, can- I
not dispute the right of another to rob the Trans
vaal without condemning herself.
This republic, to which until now the eyes of be
leaguered freemen have turned in distress, to be
cheered by our sympathy, having indorsed the doc
trine o-f the divine right of a monarchy to buy and
sell land and people without their consent,* and being ;
in the •honeymoon of a conquest which pride and j
policy combined to make necessary, can make no sign !
to cheer the Boers.
They .are left alone, with their rifles, their Bibles !
and their God. May fortune send them another >
Majuba Hill. ' .
— —•— ■ "■'
The rule of the School Board that lady teachers
marrying while in the department must resign has
been enforced in. the case of Mrs. Mary F. Bcanston. '
Why not? It seems to be a regulation based on j
equity,. and takes for granted that every teacher con
tracting matrimony has regard enough for herself to
select a man able to support her. That being the case,
she should step aside and allow some other young
lady, not so fortunate, a chance for a salary and
maybe,' ultimately, a husband with earning capacity.
Down at San Jose, where" the young idea is taught
to shoot in the winter and to can in the summer, the
School Board has come to the rescue of the canneries, j
The opening of the schools has been postponed for
two weeks in order to allow of the employment during
the rush of the city's school children. This is a com
mendable phase of* infant industry.
THE VOICE OF THE PEOPLE.
STATESMEN and other impartial persons who
have made up their minds not to be biased
<m the issue of imperialism until they have
learned what the voters think about it may study with
some profit a poll recently made by the Farm and
. Home, Tine of the most widely circulated of our
agricultural journals. For the purpose <n obtaining
the views of its readers on the various points involved
; in the expansion policy it invited replies to a scries of
questions and received 21.000 answers.
In a summary of the poll it is. stated about 10 per
' cent of the answers came from New England, 25 per
' cent from the Middle States, nearly 40 per cent from
the Mississippi Valley, and the remainder about
equally from the South and the Pacific Coast. The
polJ of course is but a small proportion of the voters
: of the United States, but it is the most extensive yet
made, and may be considered fairly representative of
the sentiment of that part of the farming community
thai takes enough interest in public affairs to care to
express an opinion on them. ,
According to the digest of the poll from which we
I quote, the first question was. "Should the Filipinos be
held in subjection to the United States, or should
they be allowed to form an independent government?"
: The answers from each of the five sections of the
country were largely in favor of independence, the
! totals footing up 12.520 for independence to 8416 for
subjection. The majority was still greater for Cuban
independence — 13.199, as against 7362 for annexation.
I On the other hand, a large proportion favor^the an
j nexation of Porto Rico to the United States — 11.897,
j as against 6004 for its independence and 1746 for its
annexation to Cuba. Finally, not to go through the
j whole list, the expressions of opinion were most ein
j phatic on the comprehensive question, "In general,
j should the United States adhere to or depart from its
THE SAIN If KAJS CISCO CALL, 1 KID AY, AUUUST 18, lSUi*.
former policy of non-interference with nations beyond
either ocean?" There were 15,624 replies in favor ot
adherence, as against only 3887 in favor of the new
departure.
A vote of that kind is significant. Farmers do not
skim newspapers carelessly- as city people do in the
rush of many things attracting their attention from
great issues. They read the news carefully. They
study it and form fixed convictions on subjects that
interest them. The vote taken by the Farm and
Home, therefore, means the matured and well consid
ered judgment of intelligent and thoughtful men upon
a subject they have well considered. Persons who are
not in the habit of writing do not take the trouble to
answer a long list of questions for mere pastime. The
men who replied to the queries are in earnest. They
meant what they wrote and are not likely to change
their well formed opinions between now and election
day. . ■
■We may then justly regard the ballot a? an expres
sion of the farmers of the country. By a vote of
nearly five to one they declare the United States
should adhere to the old policy of non-interference
with nations beyond either ocean. Statesmen who
have their ears to the ground waiting to hear what
the people say need listen no longer. If they cannot
lesrn something from that vote they would not learn
if the ground shook from center to circumference.
The readiness with which the military witnesses in
the Dreyfus trial conjure copious tears to their eyes
and then blackguard the accused suggests that even
in hatred there is sympathy or weakness. Or perhaps
it is absinthe.
Guerin, the French agitator, says he is willing to die
for an idea. It would not be a difficult task to name
some people who certainly would expire if ever they
were attacked by the affliction that Guerin is willing
to die for.
THE OLD KENTUCKY HOME.
WHEN the lortg-winded West Indian hurricane
approached our South Atlantic coast and
heard of the Democratic campaign in Ken
tucky it may have remarked to itself. "Two of a trade
never agree," and then dived into the ocean or went
up into the welkin.
Immediately following Governor Altgeld's declara
tion of a vendetta against Goebel, the "regular Demo
cratic .nominee for Governor, and the expression of
his opinion that Colonel Bryan would not go to Ken
tucky, the colonel announced his dates for that State
and his intention to go there and employ his every
oratorical tooth and nail in behalf of the rcgulai
nominee. Colonel Watterson, with that intellectual
effrontery which is as matchless as his literary style,
proceeded to administer Colonel Bryan as a bitter pill
to the bolters. The latter recalled Colonel Watter
son's impassioned telegram sent from the Matterhorn
in 1896 demanding a bolting candidate against Bryan,
and the colonel's anti-bolting purgative was returned
to him with the sugar licked off, and Kentucky, from
Beargrass to Bkielick, began to seethe. Not since
the days of Daniel Boonc has the dark and bloody
ground turned up blacker and more gory. The local
Chautauqua summer school occupation of lynching
Mormon elders was suspended. The ll atneld- McCoy
and other feuds in the mountain counties proclaimed
an armistice, and people in that section ventured un
armed out of doors and freely visited the moon>hinc
distilleries for spiritual refreshment. In the presence
of a politicar*cyclonc all smaller storm* were forgot
ten. Even W. C. P. Breckinridge could be seen in
the neighborhood of a female seminary without tiie
shutters being put up and the dog untied. • ■
How seriously it is all taken may be seen by the
warning issued by Congre.>sman Berry that Bryan is
in danger of being shot while riding skyward on the
climax of a Goebel .speech. Mrs. Bryan, faithful lady,
has expressed a fear that the colonel is liable to per
foration, and Mr. Berry has increased her solicitude
by announcing that "Kentucky people arc of quick
passions and they do not hesitate to use revolvers if
the speaker does not please them." In iXc/> they
used eggs that were too ripe for utterance in rum
omelets on Mr. Carlisle, and we believe they also per
verted the hen industry in the same way to convince
Simon Bolivar Buckncr that his style Was disliked.
That form of literary criticism is as nothing, however,
to the expression of disapproval with a gun.
To add to the interest of the situation Governor
Altgeld declares that if Bryan go to speak for Goebel
he will stump the State against him. This is only
fair. If the bolters take a pot shot at Bryan it is
proper. that the regulars should have a chance at
Altgeld, who says that Gocbel stole all of the nomi
nation that he didn't buy.
The call to arms is general, and not since the days
of John Morgan and Humphrey' Marshall has the old
Kentucky home been as sulphurous and full of
ginger.
As Congressman Berry is a great Bryan man there
is' room to suspect that the situation is created for
advertising purposes. Colonel Bryan was in the mili
tary service for a year, but did not plant a squadron
in the field n<ir get outside of cantonment. He is
by nature a Thespian, but carries no jewels, except
the pearls of speech. As he docs not lose these, he
can become an object of interest by being put under
tire on the stump. -It will round out his military
career. ,
The very threat is of great value, for it fits in with
his stage properties, useful in his business.
It has' been supposed that the Philippines were
torrid, but they are a sideshow.
The chief of all the Mormon missionaries said re
cently that Zion's troubles in the South originated in
politics. Their ciders were stripped, whipped, ridden
on splintery rails and ducked in unconsecratcd water
for political reasons. If this were so they must' be
thankful that by politics they are also delivered, and
that the prospect of getting a shot at a stump speaker
afflicted by a chronic case of Presidential candidacy
has given them a truce wherein to take up the work
of salvation.
Throughout the country orderly people will have
time to think of what would follow putting the
National Government in control of a party which en
forces correct style in stump speaking at the muzzle
of a pistol.
As far as known these arc the happiest clays Sena
tor Blackburn has seen since his term ended, No
danger that his speeches will be blue-penciled with a
Kentucky revolver. He is for BlackbuiT* and doesn't
care an imprecation who knows it. The mantle of
Clay and Crittenden is his vest pattern. Statesman
ship is his profession; he works at it as others do
at poker or craps. He is solid with the regulars and
bolters alike, and. having a leg in both camps, docs
not care who elects the Governor so he can get the
Legislature.
On the whole we commend Kentucky to Governor
Roosevelt as a place where the "strenuous life" may
be enjoyed without a declaration of war or enfeebling
the digestion with embalmed beef.
Advices pouring in to the various local campaign
committees indicate an early crop of office-seekers.
An early frost is anticipated.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
r»r. B. L. Wright, U. S. N., is at the Oc
cidental.
L. M. rtllnn. the Los Angeles capitalist,
is a guest at the Palace.
L. }]. BrfggS, a prominent fruit grower
of Riverside, '■ at the Russ. j
A. H. f!urr, a prominent merchant of
Etna, Is a guest at the Grand.
J. C. Conn, a large mine owner of Silver
Luke, is registered at the Palace.
W. J. Berry, an oil operator of Selma, is
among the late arrivals at the Lick.
T. F. Fitzgerald, the Los Angeles rail
road man, is staying at the Occidental.
William G. Arpe, one of St. Louis' lead
ing business men, is a guest at the Pal
ace.
H. H. Patterson, a well-known mining
man of Edgewood, is a guest at the
Grand.
Dr. E. B. Merchant, a leading physician
of Portland, Or., is registered at the Occi
dental.
George W. Hunter, one of the leading
merchants of Boston, is a guest at 'the
Palace.
L. A. Richard, a large ranch owner of
Grayson, is at the Rues. He arrived last
evening.
V. S. Frost, a well-known attorney of
Merced, is at the. Lick, accompanied by
his wife.
Captain W. H. Sweeney, adjutant of
the Colorado regiment, is a guest at the
Occidental.
Simon Bray, one of the best known
business men of Austin, Tex., is staying
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Ayres, of Ayres Business
College, are expected home before the end
of the month.
J. V. Paul of Tucson, Ariz, secretary of
the Railroad Firemen's Association of
that State, is at the Russ.
W. H. H. Green, a wealthy mill owner
of Seattle, is in the city for a few days.
He is staying at the Lick.
Hugh Wallace, a well-known mining
man and prominent politician of the State
of Washington, is a guest at the Palace.
John W. Mitchell, one of the leading at
torneys of Los Angeles, arrived in the
city yesterday and registered at the Pal
ace.
S. Castner Jr., one of the foremost citl
' zfns of Philadelphia, is at the Palace, ac
companied by his family and a party of
friends.
L. O. Stephens has come down from his
home in Fresno, and is at the Grand,
where he will remain during his stay in
the city.
Dr. W. W. McCormick, a well-known
physician of Santa Rosa, has come down
from his homo fur a short stay in this
city and is to be found at the Lick.
J. A. Flllmore, munnger of the South
ern PaciHc Company, and E. Randolph,
superintendent of the company's Tucson
division, will leave to-day for Bartlett
Springs on a vacation which will last a
month. Mrs. Randolph and Miss Flllmore
will ace mpany them.
W hen the over
land arrived the
other night there
was among its
passengers a styl
ishly appareled
young married
couple, evidently
bride and groom.
WANTED
NOTHING BUT
THE BEST
1 They went to the Palace, where the man,
leaving hip wife in the Turkish room,
walked up to the desk to register.
"Is tills the best hotel in town?" he in
quired of the clerk.
"Yes," said that functionary. "I think
! it is as good as any you can find any
i where."
"Well, I wanted to know, for nothing
but the besi will suit me. Now I want tho
best you have .in your house on the Eu
ropean plan. A suite consisting of a bed
room, parlor and bath. By the by; what
will It ci Bt me?"
"Ten dollars a day without meals."
"Ten dollars" I'm. Ah. Have you not
something a little under that?"
"Seven dollars?*'
"That seems a little steep, don't it?"
"Five dollars?"
"Well, that is more like it. What 'is your
next price?"
"Well, we can give you a small inside
sincle room for yourself and wife for
three dollars."
"That'll <lii very nicely. You soe, we
only Intend spending a few weeks in the
city. Have you change for twenty?"
"Yes."
"\V< 11, never mind. I think I can, find It
here in my pocket-
And hi- did find it. nnd that was about
all he found excepting a couple of odd
dimes. But the swill who was only ac
customed to the Iwst and feared that the
Palace was noi good enough for Mm paid
his three dollars in advance and went up
with his wife to his suite of apartments.
He registered from Boston.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— William Keith of
San ■ Francisco is at the Fifth avenue.
Howard D. Thomas Jr. of Ban Francisco
lis at the Hoffman. Albert Barrort of San
Francisco is. at the Martin. Jacob Cana
way of San Francisco is at the Bay State.
D. A. Coicman of San Francisco is at the
Cosmopolitan:
'. ♦ .
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— S. A. White of
Ran Francisco is at the Rlggs House. W.
C. Fuller of Los Angeles is at the St.
James.
. ♦ ■
Will Get Her Diamonds.
Judge Mogan issued an order for the
rotiirn of the diamonds stolen by Jamos
McElroy, porter at the Hotel Richelieu,
Can You Guess the Exact Time of the Arrival
of the California Volunteers.
!IF SO YOU CAN WIN $50 AND ALSO HAVE THE HONOR OF DONATING
' $50 TO THE GENERAL FUND OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
77* VERY BODY is on the tiptoe of expectancy as to the date of the arrival of the California -
fl, untecrs. Can you guess the exact time, if not how near? To the person who guesses the near- \
est to the exact time (day, hour, minute and second) the Sunday Call will give $100, one-half of, ;
which ($5O) goes to the lucky guesser and the other half ($5O) will be donated in the name of that
person to the general funds of the entertainment committee.
The Merchants' Exchange of this city will furnish the official record of, the sighting, of^ thi ..
transport, and from that record the decision will be made.
The terms of the contest are: . ...
All guesses must be made on a coupon cut from the Daily or Sunday Call.
Each person is allowed to fill out as many coupons as desired and they may be mailed eacH day
or all together, at the pleasure of the guesser. . *•
No coupons will be received or entered into the contest that bear a postmark later than August 20.
Fill out this, coupon and mail to Coupon Editor Sunday Call.
M / Guess That the Transport Sherman With the California Volunteers Will Be Sighted by the *
£ Timekeeper of the Merchants' Exchange at: 2
i 77fonth.. ..."Date JKour Tflinute Second Q£) I
t Tfame .......... .......... . . . V j
* Jn.clciJ'css. •• . ♦ .......•••'.*.
from a truest. Mrs. W. G. Weld of Bos
ton, and they wi.l be forwarded to her
to-day. The diartonds are worth S--.000,
and after McElrol had stolen them he
sent them on to Chicago, where they were
intercepted by the manager of Weils.--
Fargo on instructors from Chief Lee*
and sent back here. itcElroy was arrest
ed in Chicago, but as Mrs. Weld refused
j to come here to prosecute him he w.is re
', leased from custody. Now after a lot of
I formalities have been gone through the
1 lady will get her diamonds.
A MEMORAMA
AND A MERRY
COMIC OPERA
If "Under Two Flags" was selected to
finally and triumphantly prove the versa
tility of Mlp.s Roberts the play has served
its purpose. Trained in the incumbrances
of a fan, a lace handkerchief and ar. oc
casional train she comes on as Clgftfette
weighted with a pistol, a dirk, a canteen
and cup, a mail bag, a half dozen pack
ages, a swagger and a rather questionable
vocabulary, and handles them all us
though born to the station. She keeps her
emotions trimmed down to the necessities
of the character and becomes to the life
the saucy, valiant, faithful, hotheaded
little trooper.
That we do not like to think of Miss
Roberts in melodrama is no cause for a
quarrel, and although some of us do not
like the play the houses indicate that
there are a few others who do. With
judicious cuts— the death of Rake in the
desert, for instance— and given on tno
scale of "The Soudan," it may yet prove
a mine for some enterprising manager.
The locale gives tho latitude for specta
cle so potent as a drawing attraction and
the action is rapid and varied. The sand
ttonn is quite realistic. By selection of
incident and choice of dialogue Bertie
Cecil, Interesting in the book, becomes
merely a languid martyr in the position
he is, merely because he has not spirit
and character enough to get out of it. It
is well for the Berties that they have
their Cigarettes in every sense of the
word. The play is well staged and judi
ciously cast, and wildly applauded.
• * *
After the gloom and morbidness of
"Hedda < Jailer" it was refreshing to lis
ten to the merry, tuneful "Dorothy" and
be put again in a singing, swinging rhyth
mical mood by the rattling good chorus
at the end of the second act. The music In
"Dorothy" is Just simple enough and pop
ular enough to come within the Intelli
gence of all. It is one of the most enter
taining tilings the Grand Of)era-house has
j put on. The principals are good, tho
! choruses good, and of special interest as
a funmaker is Bessie Bairbarn, the Pris
cilla Prlvett. She is a regular man com
edienne In petticoats. Her solo about "A
1 Lovely Surami r Morning" starts out with
; promise and the weariness of dipappoint
i ment is never reached. There is variety
| to her humor, too. One can fancy her lo?-
Ing her identity in a dozen different way:;
at least. Georgie Cooper has one virtue
those grouped about her might copy. S'ie
Is always interested in the incidents of
the opera and the emotions created by
j this interest find expression in her face.
So many singers, especially those of the
chorus, sing with such a "happy uncon
cern of anything but the melody and with
thrir faces such beautiful blanks. "Dor
othy" will be followed next week by
"Clover." CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
PATRICK KEEGAN'S CASE.
Prosecution Has Rested and the De
fense Is Ready.
Joseph E. McGrath was accepted yes
terday ns the last juror to try Patrick
Keegan, alias Patsy Hogan, charged with
the murder of his wife. Anna. The jury
was then sworn and the work of putting
in the case of the prosecution began.
After testimony as to the autopsy and
plans of 'he dwelling in which the murder
occurred had been given. Ella Keegan,
daughter of the accused, took the stand.
Sh( testified that her father came home
shortly before noon on the day of tho
murder and then went out to "purchase
si. ni' 1 meat and pastry. He was out
some time, returning about 12:45 o'clock
The parents of the witness then went into
a side room and conversed some time,
when Mrs. Keegan shouted. "Oh, Keegan
don't!" Then she heart! a shot and after
ward found her mother wounded unto
death. Other witnesses testified to about
the same facts and then Officer Charles
Nask testified that when he f ound Kee
gan a knife was sticking in his breast
He ordered officer Phillips to remove the
knife, which was done, and then the
wounded were taken to the hospital.
There Mrs. Keegan made a dying- state*
ment and shortly afterward BUCCUmbed tw
her wound. O. H. Heyneman corrobor
ated the officer's statement, after which
the case of the people rested. 'The de
fense, which is being conducted by Attor
ney T. J. Lennon, will go on to-day
WHY McQUIRK CUT MUDGETT
A Husband Attacks the Man Who
Alienated His Wife's Affections.
The preliminary examination of Cor
poral Thomas McGuirk on the charge of
assault to murder was commenced before
Judge Mogaji yesterday. McGuirk went
into Mayhew's drugstore, 114 Fourth street,
on Sunday nipht and attacked George A.
Mudgett, a clerk in the store, with a
razor, cutting him on the neck. The case
for the prosecution was concluded and
the defense will be taken tip on Monday.
It will be shown by the defense that
Mudgett offered to settle the case out of
court on payment of $100, which was re
fused, (t will also he shown that he had
alienated McGulrk's Wlfe'9 affections and
had been living with her while McGuirk
was serving his country in Manila.
■ m ■
Colonel Ingersoll's Writings.
The following dispatch concerning the
publication of the writings of the late
Colonel Robert r; - Ingersoll will be read
with interest by all admirers of the great
agnostic:
DOBBS FERRY. N. V., Aug. 15, IS9S.
W. S. chapman, Palace Hotel, San
Francisco: There ifi absolutely no truth in
the story about Colonel Insersoll's writ
ings*. Every word will be published.
MRS. R. O. INGERSOLL.
Knocked Down a Young Lady.
H. Svvickard. driver of a delivery wagon,
was turning his wagon abruptly at Third
and Bryant streets yesterday afternoon.
! when one of the wheels struck Miss Mary
! Baird living at 1414 Hyde street, and
j knocked' her down. She was sent home in
a hack and a physician was summoned.
Swickard was arrested and charged at the
City Prison with battery.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
COMMON MULLEIN-M. M. M.. City.
The common mullein— in botany. Verbaa-.
cum tbapsus — la not known in San Fran
cisco, but it grows plentifully in Santa
Clara Valley.
LAND IX MENDOCINO— B. M. C, Ala
meda, Ca!. For information about unoc
cupied land in Mendocino County, address
the United States Land Office at Kureka,
Humboldt County. ' .
PROHIBITED MARRIAGES— N. P..
City. The laws of Oregon prohibit the
marriage of any one nearer of kin than
first cousin and* in the State of Utah the
laws prohibit" the marriage of first cousins
and those nearer of kin.
NOT THE BUG— W. F. X., Aromaa,
Monterey County, Cal. The' "bug" sent to
this office for classification is not "the
kissing bug," but the Longicornus Coleop
tera or long-horned beetle. It is quit.^
common in Alameda County and not un
common in Monterey County.
RIFLES— L. W.," San Mateo, Cal. It la
generally asserted that rifles were first
Invented by Gaspar Zoiler of Vienna and
were first-made use of at target pra
in 149S at Leipsic. In 1600 rifles w;ere used
as a military weapon by armies. I":
regulation rifle musket was adopted by
tlit' Kritish Government In 1851, and was
Used by the English forces during the
Crimean war.
BASKET BALL— Reader, Susanv?!*,
Cal. The game of basket ball is scored
by points, by two methods, goals from
the field und goals from free thrown.
Basket ball bears a striking resemblance
to association football, but the player*
cannot carry or kick the ball; its progYe-->
is restricted to passing, batting and drit
bling. The game is played in two halve*
of twenty minutes each, with a rest of ten
minutes between the first and the secon.i
half. There are five players on a side.
The rules and description of the gam
be procured for you by any book denier.
NO MORE CONTRACT WIVES-Sub
scriber, City. This correspondent a«k~:
"Under the laws of California how long
does a woman have to live with a
before she can assert herself as his
wife?" California recognizes but or.
by which a woman can assert herself as
the wife of a man. and that is by mar
riage by a person duly authorized V
emnize a marriage. Contract marr: .
that is, where a man and woman
to recognize each other as man and ■.
are no longer valid. A woman might
live with a man for any number of years
and :=he would have no legal right to an
nounce herself as the wife of the man
unless she was legally married to him,
FRENCH MILITARY DUTY-P., Oak
land, Cal. Every French citizen is liable
to military duty unless he is exempt by
physical disability or for legal reasons.
He is liable to perform that duty when
20 j i ars of age, and Is n< I from
the performance thereof until he has at
tained the age of 4"j. if. Is required to
serve three years with the colors, ten in
the reserve of the active army, six in
the territorial army and six in 'the terri
torial reserves. Students and professional
men serve only one year in the army, and
all who have served one year, know
their duties and can read and write may
be furloughed Indefinitely. Most of the
Bervice is merely technical. When a man
has served with the colors he can go
where he chooses, being liable to be re
called and sent Into the reserve to which
his service assigns him. In the case of
a boy born of French parents in France
who was brought to the United States and
remained until I I 22, then should
he go back to France he would be liable
to military duty.
IX CASE OF INVASION— R. H. P..
Gridley, Cal. By the constitution Con
tress alone has the power to declare a
national or a foreign war. It cannot de
clare war against a State or any number
of States by virtue of any clause in the
constitution. That constitution confers nn
the President the wh"i,- executive p
lie is bound to take care that the lav.
faithfully executed. He Is commander of
tho army and navy of the United States
and of the militia of the several States
when called Into the actual service of the,
United States. He has no power to initi
ate or declare a war either against a for
eign nation or a domestic State, but by
the acts of Congress of February IN 1790,
and March 3, 18OT, he is authorised to call
out the militia and use the military and
naval forces of tie United States in case
of invasion by a foreign nation, and to
suppress insurrection against the Govern
ment 'if a State or of the United States.
If a war be made by invasion of a foreign
nation the President is not only author
ized but bound to resent rorce by for. c.
He does not initiate the war. but is bound
to accept the challenge wither"* waiting
for any special legislation or legislative
authority.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's. •
■ ♦ «
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon;
gonitxy street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ m ■
Yesterday's Insolvent
William Emrien. clerk. Stockton. JBS24 35:
no assets. The debts were contracted in
Indianapolis. Ind.. when Emden was a
merchant doing business in that city, and
all the creditors are Eastern firms.
■ ♦ ■
j "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mre.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 20c a bottle.
■ ♦ ■
I Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Santa Fa
route will sell tickets, to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of $S3 85. Occa
sion. National Encampment, G. A. R. Call at
628 Market St. for full particulars.
■ ♦ ■
HOTEL DEL, CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round trop tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.POLICE CLOSING IN
ON THE PLUNGER
Information That Doyle, Alias Howard, Has
Not Left the City.
"Handsome" George Adams Found by the Detec
tives and Taken to Headquarters Makes
Interesting Disclosures.
Pare closing around
CharLes Vivian. Doyle, alias How
ard,' wanted for; swindling "Wil
' lard Reed Green of Denver out of
■.•■. -SIOj.OOoV He, is in hiding in this
«ty boyord a, doubt; and the chances are
largely in favor of the theory that he will
he' behind the bars bi fore the day passes.
■ It was rumored last night that the po
■lice had positive information concerning
the whereabouts of the fugitive and were
getting ready to arrest him. Chief. Lees
refuses to say anything concerning tho
report. »
Mrs. . Howard, apparently tiro.; of the
police surveillance of her Pine-streel resi
dence, moved herself and her belongings
yesterday to the Baltimore, 1013 -Van Ness
avenue.
"Handsome" George Adams, who was
not at home to the detectives Wednesday
night when they searched his rooms at
515 Jones street ill the hope of getting
some Information concerning the where
abouts of Doyle, alias Howard, was found
yesterday and taken to police headquar
ters, He had been so close to the missing
man that the detectives were confident
that any disclosures he chose or could be
induced to make would throw a great
deal of light on the movements of the man
that swindled the Denver millionaire.
They were not mistaken.
Adams told many things which fully
confirmed the stories published In The
Call concerning ward and the men who
were concerned In the plot to do away
with Green and who robbed the steamer
Alameda.
Adams admitted that there was $20,000
in Kelly's hack at the dock the night of
March 22 last, when the Alan sailed
for Australia. He said that Howard, after
■lu/hjid made the excuse to Green that, his
arrest on the warrant served by Eddie
■Kuuflman would prevent his accompany
ing the Denver man on th( voyage, re
mained In hiding on the dock with him
self and Eddie kauffman until the steam
er cleared. The object he had in doing
this was to see that Green sailed and that
with him went the thrt>e Australians—-
Jimmif Murphy, Jimmie Kelly and ."Jackie
Casey, who were to throw him overbear'!
at son Adams also said that he learned
some time afterward that, d< spil the
vigilance of himself and Howard and
: Kauffman; Kelly and Case: had slipped
(iff thf* vessel.
Adams Iso admitted that a few days
after the sailing of the Alameda he went
•■to a certain house of resort In the city
ana ■ Id a woman there that he had pre
vented Howard from sailing on .the yes
, sol; for the reason that he had overheard
FILIPINO ACTORS GIVE
THEIR FIRST EXHIBITION
fcl-NE ACROBATIC PERFORMANCE
AT THE PAVILION.
Little Brown Men From Our New
Possessions Are Artists in
Their Profession.
The all-Filipino wonder show, brought
■Ji'rect from Manila as one of the chief
attractions of the Mechanics' Fair, gave
ts. initial performance in the Pavilion last
night: and scored a pronounced success.
Oho -of the-objects In putting the show on
before the opening of the fair waS to
-■;•'. ■■ the Oriental actors an opportunity to
accustom themselves to American audi
t-nccs, and also to enable tli<ni to work
pff-.th.e stiffness they were supposed to
have quired during the long voyage
u crops' the Pacific. But if their muscles
ire- Stiff there was no Indication of it last
night, neither was there any evidence of
timidity in the presence of a white audi
ence.]!. Every one of the Filipino acrobats,
from- rips, the strong man. who does
tfi-wonderful turn on the parallel bars, to
the' Id-get tumbler, "Tod Sloan," did his
ait her {urn to perfection— a fact that was
recognized by tae audience, which showed
tjtf "^appreciation by Its generous applause.
• : N,g{ the least of the attractive features
:rf fh-e. show was the Filipino band, which
played, a number of popular American airs
iti-'a very acceptable manner. The ladder
act' Jay' Eaustaquio and Ti mas; the pole
t.>;ilanclr!g/;.et- by Senur Tista and his pu
pil /■■.' ;■ 'iiz.iH to; Enocencio's pyramid act;
!•!>•- ring exhibition by the clowns, Retsli
tnd .Oines; assisted by a trained Filipino
f">n..v:" the' trapeze act by two Filipino
>o-.s,:F", : .T:is'UT and Andreas, equilibrists and
iggjers, and... St-nora Oliva's exhibition on
ihn -slack .wit were all excellent, while
tKepsrauelbar act by Euastaqui ■. Carlos
iihd -Juan, and the ring work by Agustin
iin-i Eugen.loc, were equal to anything of
th*e!J?lnaVever witnessed in this city. The
show'. rJosed -with a grand tumbling exhi
bition', by the entire company. in which
- ■ .iri • - "very novel and Interesting features
were. intend ui < ■■•,.
..At*-th"3e .conclusion of th» ring perform
tj»«.audience-inspected the little Flli
[>iii6'..ponies--and ' the water buffalo, the
-■■.'■ ."rrii/Viis .KIT- of .'.the latter's horns
U'rfiigififi ' forth many : astonished ejacula
'' ■■?'•• ■ ■•.Th'n -Fhow will bo continued to
a3gni',:-toymor'rQw^afternoon and evening,
iritl- .wHI- undoubtedly: be well natronizert.
» ■
Died of His Iniuries.
■.•JjMnfcß -.Perry-; vino was injured on the
tr.ajis-po.ft Httncock at the Union Iron
Works'.: last. Monday, died of his injuries
iVt4hevCliy and County Hospital about .'
o'fi.bck-last'evcnihg; Perry was a laborer
d'ii4- ;f V v "r> . through a hatchway while at
*br.k.'.(Tn-..the transport. His back was
brb-k.&ri l an"d lie" was ''otherwise injured. The
)..-.<.r\- • y..:i! ■ removed to the Morgue, De
tjiPte&fi/YftLS 52 years of apo and resided at
f" 1-''M.-.i), .;' i,i;ir"f. in this cltv.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iiii.fl uunLUi
;-!:pi?V?METISRS;&.c6. are the' most rellabl*
•phj.-.f-icl-airiß.'bfca-aße t'tiey are the most »ucc«*s-
ul: .■.•rh>.v : ' :ar? the :rncst tfucc«BSful • for the
r»asoC tha : -the;, .are the mont skilled and «X-
-j>erlenc»d.-\;T.hejr have been curing diseases and
woaijrif;*9-of:'rhea. for. more than eighteen years,
>nd.."h'aV'e-t'fi'e :: .Jarßest and best equipped rk'Ul-
-cal.-ij>?l.itutjon.; and ,th« moat tsterislve practice
li» Arserltta;: . T.liey never use Injurious remedies.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
I '..tte'njs-,ca:n .-irrr>nif«f •t* pay when they ara
.qF'.injj'y ;pay' 10 ;n-iomh.l>' .itist'aJlmen-ta.
tohsuttaiiQnM^: private boo? foe men . free.
HOME "-GUmiE.S'- A SriiCIALTYr
V. ■ you. ■cAHnic.t--c'all.'tvrlte iinr. -free" advice,-
'mil pt-i'Jn': :ll»t < ''fc;iT3.s.- .and-' .ofhv.-'partttru!aniv
Th'yiifaticJs.. '.a^c- cured •anr.;ua!ly. without- aenliiit
TcJpctpr*.. . "All.- qorT<'iiptia(lfit?ce .coafldential.
S'rj:.,'prliS.tVn -on or-.pticUages. to In-
alcana f-nijw ,gf-' e.t'n-deT. :,. ■;. [ .-..•.
Ull. Ifiili I -EiltiJ <X I;U.,
.■'••:-r-3f ■•.*!'->! K«F T :•'•«•';•'' '**
• : Eieyatbi 1 - entrance. " Hour*,- 8 to 5 .daily; 7 to
I tvenin««; »:to U Bun«)ay. • -.•■." ;,;>•'
two men say they bad been employed by
< reen to throw Howard overboard.
Adams was asked by captain l. Ps if
it \v:.s not n fact that the Btory he had
'"lil the woman bad not been volunteered
by him In pursuance of Instructions from
Howard, bo that it might get to the ears
of the poli< ■ .
"Yes, he replied, "1 did it on his sug
gestion."
Prom other Information gained from
Adama t he detectives are now satisfied
that there were four men Instead of three
employed by Howard to do away with
' Sri i ::. The fourth man is named Mitch
ell, ami while tiie police have heard, of
liim lime and again in their search for
t :.. ■■ were led to believe here
tofore that Mitchell was merely an alias
for one of the trio. A.dams oleared up
that point to their satisfaction.
When Howard returned to. .this city
after having taken skk. apparently, at
. .... while on his way down with
Green to examine the shale lands, Adams
says he told him that this man Mitchell,
who had been employed by Green to
throw him overboard, had nearly accom
d his purpose. Howard exhibited to
Adams a i r.>K'-n nose as corroboratlon of
the story. He Bald thai be had gone out
in a hack with Mitchell one night in
Honolulu and that Mitchell bad drugged
him and attempted to throw him out of
the hack over a cliff.
The detectives take occasion to dispute
the assertion of Howard's attorneys that
he was a badly abused man and that they
are mistaking him for his "had imnher."
Idition. the officers take occasion to
point Oil! and say that the action of the
attorneys Is. very peculiar. If. they say,
Mr. Beatty's claim is true that money has
• rted from Howard, why did he
he uul with Mr. Green's attorney?
JiiM after Howard paid over the. $52,000
.Mr. Beatty called upon Green's
S bj d said his client would be un
able to keep the agreement that he hid
: to pay over the balance of th-- $105 -
• hlch, it had been agn ed by Green
iward, would make them quits the
■ man being willing to pocket the
<:■;!■ renc< between that amount and the
J150.000. Beatty said he wanted more time
Ho was asked how much time he wanted
He replied that Howard said he could
pay U In sixty days, but, he added, lie
xamined into his client's affairs ami
' ■ ■■■ re In such a state that he
would nerd more.
Green's attorney was not authorized to
this extension, and said he would
have to see his client.' Within a day or
two Beatty called again oh Green's at
•. and .upon being asked what se
curity his client would give replied that
he would give a note indorsed by a certain
well-known man. He was told hat if
s«ch a note was hank,..;, the extension
■lays would be given Beattv
»«" **•£. an« after thlt unSl"tli?sS
-nt time Howard has been missing.
WEDDING BELLS OF
LONG YEARS AGO
j ANNIVERSARY OF MR. AND MRS
: MARTIN HOLJE.
Proof That One Couple, After
Twenty-five Years, Has Found
Marriage Not to Be a
Failure.
: There, was the echo of wedding bells
; long past but not forgotten, at the resi
. der.ee of Mr and Mrs - Martin We last
night. It was the t wenty-tifth-the silver
-anniversary of their marriage and in
honor of the event their friends had been
bidden by silver cards ° invitation to help
celebrate.
Karly In the day the presents began to
arrive and early in the evening the first
guest was announced. Then they 'came
hick and fast, and before 9 o'clock the
big house out on Potrero avenue and
Twenty-fourth street was thronged with
as gay and happy a crowd as could be
gathered together.
j The house had been lavishly decorated
| with ferns and evergreens. The garden
was aglow with a hundred Chinese
lanterns strung along the walks and un
i der the trees, and on the lawn behind the
! house the supper tables had been laid
in n a pavilion built among the trees just
for the accommodation of the diners A
slender eucalyptus sprouted up through
the floor and out through the roof and its
I lower branches lent their aid to the deco
rations, that twined around the rafters
and ran along the walls.
On a table in , the dining-room the pres
ents had been placed on exhibition. There
were Fiver lollct articles and ornaments!
table silver, punch bowls of crystal and
of silver, a silver-mounted flask, a whip
as richly silver-mounted, a silver ladle, a
silver salad service, two dozen silver tea
spoons silver forks, silver knives, silver
: salt and pepper dredges, and a score of
I other things, all of silver. In the plan'
of honor, however, was placed a sliver
bread tray, the gift of the employes of
the California Glue Works, of which Mar
tin Holje is the owner.
•r,,!" i? n i? V f the P unc bowls the festal
punch had been brewed, and in Its com
position was some of the champagne pro
vided for the wedding twenty-live years
ago. And the second daughter of the
house Miss Daisy, wore the wedding dress
: that her mother ad WOrn at the ceremony
so tenderly held in memory. It was light
and filmy and fitted the girlish figure to
perfection; it might have looked almost
as well on her mother, however, for time
has dealt kindly with the genial host and
hostess of last night.
At 10 o'clock the guests were ushered
into the pavilion, and from that until 12
■ they sat and talked and joked and toasted
| fcvery one drank the health of the host
and hostess and then every one drank the
health of the friends around. Mr and
Mrs. Holje with their nearest relatives,
fat at the head table. With them was
their daughter, Mrs. Lada, who had been
| put with the old folks because she was
I married— not because she was old enough
to be of the party. It did not prevent her
from looking out for the guests, however
and during the supper she took charge of
j After the supper the . guests enjoyed
• themselves In their own way, and the suc
cess of the evening was shown by the
lateness of the hour when it ended There
| was a band playing continually; there
were songs by the Masonic Quartet, and
there was all the geniality of a well-
I matched company made to feel that It
was thoroughly at home.
Among the guests present were:
Miss liva NordwelL Mr. mid Mrs.' N X
Ihisse. Mr. and Mrs. William .Spreen, Mr and
Mr*. Fred s<julr»i>, M- Minnie Powell Henry
Spreen, Mr. and Mi .: Herman, Mr. and
Mr*. C. Herman. Mr. "'• M-*. Frank Klspert
Mr. an I Mrs. William Mini..-.. Mrs. Ann* Hub
bard, Miss Hatlle Uubbard, Mr. and Mrs l.ew
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Lada, Mr. and Mrs Ed
I,.v!;i. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Morrison, Mr " and
Mrs. . Conrad J-utkri, John Luckel, Miss Jo
sephine Luckel, Mr. and Mrs. C. Mlnkel Mr
and Mrs. R. Herman, Mr. and Mrs 6 t'
Weber, Albert Herman, Miss Olj.'a Herman'
Miss Marie Louise - Weber, John Fisehb*ck
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hutier. Mr. and Mrs
Julius Fischbeek, It. Ftschbeck, Mr. nnd Mrs
Fred Mlnkrl, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Kern, Miss
Rom Kern, Mr. and Mrs. H. Fißclibeck, Mr.
and Mrs. Fred FiSChbeck, Mr. and Mrs. Louis
FiFChbeck, Mr. am! Mr:'. William Guth Mr
i and Mrs. O. W. Nordwell, Sydney Hamilton,
Jerome Hamilton, will" Crim. win Case, Wil
liam McGuire, Dr. It. (rones, Robert Schlueter
Dougiai Howard, L. Ferrari, Mrs. Emily
Durt, Mr. Van Lansing, Miss Elizabeth HoMe,
Kmil Holje, Mi and Mrs P. Luckel, Mrs.
Charles tioppc, Mr. and Mrs. Ed llDppe, A.
Hopr*\ Miss Fannie Uarthen. Miss Pauline
Altenberg, Mr. .-..-, Mrs. A. A. Lansing;, Mr.
anil Mrs. Weber. Mr. and Mrs. J. Price. Dr.
! and Mrs: Datnkroecer, Dr. and Mrs. Welker
i Mr and Mrs. Henry Hiller, Miss A. Scnoell
horn. Miss Charlotte Butler. Miss Daisy Holje,
Miss nose Hoij>, Miss Myrtle Holje, Miss May
Holje. and the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Holje.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899.
AT HOME AMONG FINDS THE
END CAME TO CAPITALIST DREXLER
■
A Life That Was Full
of Energy.
"SUCCESS" IS HIS EPITAPH
FORTUNATE IN MANY STATES
AND IN MANY CONCERNS.
Story cf a Man Who by Perseverance,
Honesty and Business Ability
Prospered in AJI That Hs
Undertook.
Lomis P. Drexler died yesterday morn
ing between the hours of 11 and 12 at his
residence, 1003 Van Ness avenue. He bad
been ill for some months past with a
bronchial affection, and though everything
that regard could prompt or science sug
p-cst had been done for him, it proved of
no avail, and the long expected end came
at last.
Mr. Drexler was one of the best known
capitalists of the State. In nearly every
direction of commercial enterprise was he
Interested, and In every line did his en
ergy, industry and honesty cause him to
thrive and prosper. He was especially
buc< essful as a miner, banker, stock raiser
and vineyardist, and the fortune that he
leaves in city real estate is the best possi
] ble attestations to the soundness of his
judgment in matters of investment. He
was a Virginian by birth, his ancestors
settling in that State long before the Rev
olution had severed it from its allegiance
|to its Knglish parent. The family was a
j distinguished one, and in all the wars of
j our country it was represented, as it was
also in the legislative councils of the na
tion.
When the deceased was yet but little
more than a boy the family moved to
Kentucky, and then to Ohio. Here young
Drexler fitted out a merchandise train and
Btarted out to seek a fortune in the great
! unknown West.
He engaged in business at Salt Lake in
1854 and was succeeding splendidly when
Brighain Young issued the famous edict
<lri\ing the Gentiles out of the country.
i He had to go. There was no other course
GRAPE GROWERS
INDORSE HENRY
CROCKER'S OFFER
Action of Chamber of
Commerce.
Henry? J. Crocker's offer to the grape
growers of California to pay them $12 and
$14 a ton for their grapes, provided they
will -sign a contract at those figures cov
i ering a period of seven years, was form
ally Indorsed by representative growers
at a meeting held in conjunction with the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce yes
terday afternoon, at which the proposition
was discussed in all its various phases,
i The meeting- was called by the Chamber
', of Commerce at the instance of the wine
growers, Mr. Crocker being present to
explain any points in connection with his
scheme which were not quite clear to
those to whom his offer was addressed.
Captain Nelson presided, and after ex
'• plaining the purpose of the meeting and
urging the necessity of doing something
to foster one of the greatest industries of
the State' Introduced Mr. Croker.
Mr Crocker briefly related his experi
! ence'as president of the California Wine
Makers' Corporation and outlined the
proposition made by him to the growers
of the State.
"Now I am here to answer questions,
■ he said,' "and if there is any grower here
1 who Is dissatisfied with the contract as
prepared by me 1 hope he will state his
objections "frankly."
II M. La Rue of I-ivermore was the first
i to accept the invitation thus extended.
Ho said many of the growers disliked the
plan of entering into a contract which
bound them to sell their grapes to Mr.
Crocker for seven years at a stated price
but did not bind him to purchase them
at that price. In other words, it left him
at liberty to draw out at any time if he
should conclude that he had made a bad
bargain. -v . > "■ .
The main objection, however, as stated
by Joseph Naphtaly, came from the
growers who' were also winemakers. They
wanted some assurance that if they en
i tered into a contract with Mr. Crocker
to sell their -crops to him he would have
the grapes made into wine at their win
eries, otherwise the investment repre
i sented in these wineries would be a dead
; loss.
Mr. ('rocker, in answer to this conten
i tion, called attention to his circular
wherein he stated that he proposed, when
! such a thing was feasible, to enter into
j contracts with the proprietors of the
wineries to crush the grapes at a fair re
muneration, and assure profit sufficient
to enable them to realize interest on their
Investment, but he could not make any
contract with a winemaker who was also
1 a grower until the. latter had first accept
; ed his proposition to buy his grapes.
D. M. Delmas and Joseph Putnam par
i ticipated in this discussion, which was
: carried to considerable length. Mr. Put
nam in particular was at first strongly op
posed to the proposition on the ground
stated— that there appeared to be no as
surance that the winemakers who were
also growers, were sufficiently protected,
but Mr. Crocker succeeded in answering
i all objections brought forward In a satis
factory manner, even to the matter of the
one-sided contract.
Mr. La Rue tried to get him to agree
to advance 10 per cent of the contract
price as the grapes were delivered, in
stead of deferring payment until the end
of the season, as is the custom, in order
that the pdorer growers might have, the
money with which to pay the pickers, but
Mr. Crocker, replied that when the grower
delivered his grapes ,at the winery he
would receive a weight receipt which
would be worth its face value, and upon
which he would have no difficulty in bor
rowing all the money he might require at
the banks.' </':. '
A. Sbarboro indorsed this statement and
urged the acceptance of the entire prop
osition as made by Mr. Crocker, which he
characterized as extremely liberal. A let
ter to the same effect from Thomas Adler
was read, and the following resolutions,
pared by Messrs. Delmas and Naph
taly, were "then unanimously adopted as'
the sense of the meeting: : ; ;
Resolved. That we, the grape growers and
■winemakers of th* ' State here assembled, heart
ily approve the contract proposed by Henry J.
Crocker to the crape growers of the State, be
lieving that in the execution of such contract
lies the salvation of the wine industry of
California; and
Resolved, Further, that having carefully con
sidered the circular of Mr. Crocker, touching
the relations which he proposes to establish
between himself and those grape growers who
are also wlnemakers, and having listened to
the explanation made by Mr. Crocker of that
circular, we are satisfied that the Interests of
the -winemakers are fully protected thereby,
and we do hereby urge upon all wine grow
era of the State to accept and sign, said con
tract.
A resolution of thanks was also extend
ed to the Chamber of Commerce and Cap
tain Nelson for favors shown and interest
manifested In the matter. Captain Nelson
responded by expressing the hope that Mr.
Crocker would succeed in converting: all
the growers in the State to his scheme;
which he regarded as of certain benefit to
one of the great industries of California.
Fire Veterans to Parade.
At * mpptinß of the Veteran Firemen's
Association held last evening in the rooms
of the organization Mrs M. E. A. Roberts
U P. DREXLER. T
open, so he moved on to Washoe County,
Nevada, where ho engaged in farming and
stock raising. When the mining develop
ment came he readily entered into that
also, and was as successful in that pur
suit as he had been in everything else.
In ISSO he was elected to the Nevada Leg
islature, anil in ISSI he moved to this city,
which from then on became his perma
nent home. In this State he Interested
himself in a variety of concerns, but hiS
pride was the magnificent vineyard which
he managed in Fresno and in which he
had 1300,000 invested.
The deceased leaves a fortune that Is
estimated to l>e l.<-tween three and four
millions and which will be divided
among his widow; a nephew In this city,
H. H. Dana; three nieces— Misa Marion
Bybee of this city and Miss Nettie Bybee
and Mrs. Gertrude Holllß of Fredonia.
Kan.— and Louis Choice, a nephew in Los
Angeles.
The funeral will take place from the
residence to-morrow afternoon at 1
■ lock, and the interment, which will be
private, will be at Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery.
presented to tho association an American
flag, which was accepted and an address
was delivered by Colonel A. Andrews. The
association accented an invitation to visit
Fresno n.-xt Admission day and to take
part in the celebration that will be held
there by the Native Sons. It also decided
to turn oul and join the grand parade
which will take place next week when our
volunteers come home.
■ ♦ »
STRIVING TO AID
THE WORKING GIRLS
New Society Being Formed to Secure
Shorter Hours for Sales-
Women.
An earnest effort is on foot to alleviate
the Bufferings of the working girls of this
city. Mrs. John Pettefe, president of the
Vigilance Committee, an organization
which has been striving to purify China
town, and one of the hardest workers in
the cause Of humanity, is at the head of
the project. A meeting of the movers in
the scheme was held at Mrs. IVttee's home
;.t I'"."."; Leavenworth street yesterday
afternoon. Over sixty ladles were pns
ent, and numerous plans to aid the work
ing girls- were considered. The main ob
ject < i f tlii> meeting was to arrange for a
mass-meeting to be held shortly to protest
against the long hours of the saleswomen
in ttie various department stores of this
cit>.
Mrs. Pettee stated that she had the
premise of many firms that they would
close promptly at fi o'clock on Saturday
night if their rivals would do likewise.
The work of the new organization will be
mainly devoted to bringing- about this
important move, as its members deem it
essential to the health and morals of the
young women of the city.
The organization also intends exposing
the proprietors of a number of canneries
in this city who persist in hiring: little
girls t" cut fruit and compel them to work
In basements for hours at 5 and 10 cents
it day. Other reforms will be advocated
by the organization, which will In all
probability be a branch of the Vigilance
Society.
EMPLOYERS WILL
REINSTATE SOLDIERS
Thp appeal of the citizens' executive
commit too to the former employers of the
members of the California volunteers to
reinstate the soldier boys upon their re
turn lias brought pood results. The spirit
of the employers is that the men should
not suffer for their loyalty to their coun
try, and in most cases thi.-ir old situations
have been reserved for them.
The headquarters of the employment
committee at the I* nion -square tent has
received many encouraging communica
tions bearing on the matter. Sachs
Brothers & Co. had tn their employ Cor
poral William Hi.egin:-. H>- can return to
the firm's employ as soon as he is mus
tered out. Fred Jordan and Jesse Howard
Will be reinstated by R J. Barrett.
Daniel Einstein, builder, l!i Montgomery
street, offers a position to John R. Rosh-
Inzky, corporal, Company 11, First Call-
The California Art Class Works, 103 Mis
sion street, welcomes its former employes
by reinstating J. Weidlein Company A;
John R. Roes, Company X, First Cali
fornia Regiment, and \Y. Wilhelmson,
gunner in the navy.
In addition to the above, twenty-seven
names have been registered as seeking
employment.
TWO MORE BENEFITS
AT ALHAMBRA THEATER
The gratifying success of the monster
benefit at the Orpheum yesterday will, in
a measure be duplicated next' Wednesday
and Thursday evenings at the Alhambra,
when two benefits for the California vol
unteer reception fund will be given by
Managers Ellinghouse and Mott Among
those who will appear are the Olympic
Club minstrels, the Madrigal Hoys, Soci
ety of St. Mary's College, Dr. McKenzie's
choir and the Knickerbocker quartet.
Fully five hundred professionals and ama
teurs will take part in the entertainment,
which will be under the patronage of the
Native Sons and Daughters of the Golden
West.
■ ♦ »
"Cars stop here," this is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Ppgamold Aluminum doos .It for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a pern.
A NAVAL BANQUET.
Officers and Men of the Geier Will Be
Quests of German Society.
The officers and men of the Gorman
cruiser Geier will be royally entertained
at a banquet to be given in their honor by
the German Society of "War Veterans in
this city on September 2. Arrangements
have not yet been completed, but the
affair will be vary elaborate.
At a meeting of the society held last
Wednesday a committee, composed of
Captains* Kuhls and Franke and Presi
dent A. Redecker, was appo-lnted to wait
upon Captain Jacobsen of the Geier and
extend the Invitation. The gentlemen
were graciously received and the captain
accepted on the part of the officers and
men. September 2. the day on which the
banquet will be given, will he the twenty
eighth anniversary of the Battle of Sedan
fought in the Franco-German War. The
following committee was appointed last
evening to arrange the details of the af
fair: Captains Franke. Kuhls and Siebert
J. Hllpisch and Mr. Marltzen.
Dr. T. E. Shumate has returned from
Europe and moved his office to 794 Sutter.*
FOULDS MAKES
FIGHT FORM
TURN TABLES
Claims They Cannot
Be Abolished.
RELIES ON BAHRS' DECISION
A DEPARTURE FROM THE FRAN
CHISE ANNOUNCED.
— — ♦ — —
Market-Street Railway Will Use
Wood Instead of Iron Poles on
the "Corkscrew" Route
Through Town.
Attorney J. A. Foulds of the Southern
Pacific Company and Henry J. Lynch of
the Market Street Railway Company ap
peared before the Street Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday to say
that the anti-turn table ordinance as pre
sented by Supervisor Byington was not
drawn in the lines of the law, and was
of a consequence not worthy the further
consideration of the Supervisors.
Mr. Foulds, who conducted the argu
ment, quoted no decisions and no law save
that set down in the recent decision of
Superior Judge Bahrs. Even in this Su
pervisor Byington contended that Mr.
Foulds did not adhere to the decision, but
accused him of projecting into it inter
pretations of his own, and also flatly ac
cused htm of having written the decision
itself.
Mr. Foulds claimed that the right to op
erate street car turntables had been vest
ed in his company by an ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors, which ordinance
anil right, he said, had since been con-
Snned by Judge Bahrs' decision. Super
visor Byington denied that Judge Bahrs'
decision confirmed any such thing, and dt» |
clared that, on the contrary. It said merely
that the Supervisors could regulate the use
of turntables on sm<-t crossings only by
general instead of Special order. This
point was warmly argued by both sides
for the greater j tr? ut an hour, and the
whole question wan ttn&Uy taken under
advisement by the committee. Mr. Lynch
made it the occasion t" announce the first
departure of the Market Street Company
from the recntly granted "corkscrew"
franchise. The franchise stipulated that
the company in laying its new line should ;
use iron poles. Mr. Lynch announced that
the company proposed to use wooden
poles, for the reason that it would take
a year and a half to turn out enough iron
standards for the job. lie said this was
the reason his company had been substi
tuting wooden poles for the iron ones now
standing on Kentuckjy street.
Supervisor Aigeltinger remarked that he
did not know whether the Market street
people would use wooden poles or not. |
Then Mr. Lynch came off his high horse j
and said of course he proposed first tc
apply for permission from the board. That
matter too was taken under advisement
until such time as the company shall
make its request.
A TEACHER REMOVED
BECAUSE SHE MARRIED
SCHOOL BOARD WA.NTS ONLY
SINGLE PEDAGOGUES.
Mrs. Beanston Forcibly Discharged
and Miss Hesselmeyer Takes
Her Place.
Because Mrs. E. L. Beanston (nee Whal
ley) took advantage of an opportunity
and the late vacation to marry she
was yesterday morning removed by
force from her position as teacher
in the School Department. It required
the united efforts of Secretary Simp
son and a police officer to remove
her, but it was done, and Miss Hessel
meyer, who did not marry, was seated in
her chair at the Hawthorne Primary
School.
In its endeavor to undo the work of the
last board and do a little of Its own the
present board has taken advantage of the
seclusion of its executive sessions to rake
up all the old rules it could find and for
mulate new ones that would best fit its
purposes. The rule relating to marriage
is one of the oldest as well as one of the
deadest. No board in years has held up
marriage as a sin against the department.
Its right to do so will be tested in the
courts by Mrs. Beanston, who, besides be
ing a proficient teacher, has also the qual
ity of pluck and the courage of her nu
merous convictions. She claims that in
marrying she has in no wise lessened her
ability or capacity as a teacher or com
mit ti-a any offense which would warrant
her dismissal.
Miss Hesselmeyer, who was appointed
by the board to take her place as soon
rrs ever the board was officially informed
of the marriage, reported first at the
school last Friday. Mrs. Beanston
promptly declined to relinquish her seat.
Miss Hesselmeyer reported again on Mon
day and on every day of this week until
yesterday, when Secretary Simpson, un
der directions from the board, accompa
nied her to the Hawthorne School and
took a police officer along to see that the
will of the board was done. He, the officer
and Miss Hesselmeyer waited at the
classroom door until Mrs. Beanston ar
rived. She was refused admission to the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Extra Pale
is ferme n t c d fo r
months in refriger-
ated air before bot-
tling. Each bottle
is sterilized after it is
hermetically sealed.
Cost, care, skill,
time make Wieland's
pre-eminently the
best beer—health con-
sidered. Quirts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West ***•
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price 51 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Mian VegaNe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands o£ persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples and purify the blood.
room, and upon her denying the right of
the board to take her class from her was
taken by the arm by the officer and
hustled to the door of the schoolhouse.
Lpon this showing of force she retired,
and announced afterward her intention of
bringing suit for reinstatement.
TO BANQUET VETERANS.
The Old-Tirae Members of the Na
tional Guard to Greet Comrades.
At the regular meeting of the Veterans'
National Guard of California. held
Wednesday night, thero were nearly one
hundred members present. This was due
to thp spirited notice sent out by Com
mander Sanderson stating that it would
be the last meeting held before the return
of their comrades from the Philippine Isl
ands, and that the banquet committee
would submit a preliminary report us to
their procedure and the arrangements
made for the reception to be held shortly
after the return of the boys, now en route
Colonel H. P. Bush, chairman of the
committee of arrangements, stated that
152 members had thus far signified their
intention of attending tlir- banquet, and
this, with the returning volunteers, who
Jason Brown Tells the Pathetic Story
of His Life.
He is the son of John Brown of Harpers Ferry fame and now lives
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Who Will Be the Next Pope ?
The Call has secured direct from Rome portraits of twenty-seven
Cardinals, one of whom will undoubtedly be the next Pope.
The Ceremony of Consecrating a Sovereign
Pontiff. By REV. CHAS. BROWNE.
My Experience ===================
™^ ** Dewey and His Men
Telephone Girl. Homeward Bound
By MARIAN WEST. ° n the Olyinpia.
From the latest photographs.
A Sunday Call reporter has worked as a &
11 Hello Girl," and from actual experience
has learned why the telephone girls seek Z
relief by suicide.
EVER SEE A LOBSTER SHED HIS SHELL?
This Interesting trick illustrated from life in next Sunday's Call.
SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST PRACTICALLY THE ONLY BUMBOAT WOMAN ON THE
PATRIOTIC WOMAN. PACIFIC COAST.
FISHERMEN WHO EAT, LIVE- AND WORK IN THEIR BOATS
THE MOST THRILLING SITUATIONS IN STEPHEN CRANE'S
"ACTIVE SERVICE."
The Practical Housekeeper — Mary Van Buren and Her Stunning Stage
Gowns How Our Boys Spent July 4 in Samoa— And Many Other Novel Features
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
AMUSEMENT^
COLUMBIAJHEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
TO-NIGHT and Sat. Evening and Sat. Mat.,
"THE LIARS."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
CLAY CLEMENT
And an Excellent Company In the Romantic
Comedy,
A SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
"Benefit Week" Programme!
CARDOWNIE TROUPE.
CARON AND HERBERT.
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR.
ESMERALDA.
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR.
THE DEONZOS.
ALDEN AND HILL.
LINTON AND McINTYRE.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box- Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532. .
"A HIT— HIT— A PALPABLE HIT."
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
Alfred Center's Beautiful Rural Opera,
DOROTHY
Nothing like it in the city. Crowded houses.
Enthusiastic Encores and Curtain Calls.
NEXT WEEK— ''CLOVER."
PRICES:
Orchestra ..33c and f.Oc; Family Circle 15c
Dress Circle 25c|Gallery 10c
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Entrance Em-
porium.
ALCAZARS
TO-NIGHT, SAT. and SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW. "
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Successful Drama.
UNDER TWO FLAGS
NEXT WEEK-
First Three Ni&hts.
"CAmiLLE."
Remainder of Week, •
•*RO/V\EO AND JULIET."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Beethoven's Only Opera,
"FIDELIO"
THOUSANDS FLOCK TO HEAR IT!!
LAVISHLY PRAISED BY THE PRESS!!
Last Time of "Fldello" Saturday Night
The Superb Rendition Of
"TROVATORE"
At The SATURDAY MATINEE!!
"Trovatore" last time Sunday Night!!
Next Week— Grand Double ' Bill Every Night
"CAVALLEEIA RUSTICANA" and "I'PAQLIACCI. 1
All the Principals Will Alternate the Roles.
POPULAR PRICES-25C and 50c.
Telephone For Seats— Bush 9. .
will be the special guests on the occasion,
will warrant the preparation for at least
200 covers at the banquet; that the invita
tions, which were now being engraved,
would be issued in a few days. These
will be a pleasing memento of the occa
sion and intended as a souvenir of the
Five new members were admitted and
seven reinstated.
Important to Sheriffs.
An opinion of importance to every
Sheriff In the State was handed down
yesterday by Attorney General Tirey I>.
Ford. An Inquiry came from Los An
peles County as to where the Sheriff
Fhoukl look for the payment of the
charges for the transportation of insane
persona in his custody. It frequently
happens that these officers have to convey
persons of unsound mind lon^r distances
to insane asylums to which the unfortu
nates are committed, and the bills for
transportation often amount to consid
erable sums. The question was whether
the mileage should be paid by the county
or the State. The matter was submitted
to the Attorney General, who replied that
under the statute these expenses raen
tloned should be paid by the State.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNLAJHEATER.
HER FAREWELL APPEARANCE.
LAST WEEK OF
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
FIRST TIME TO-NIGHT.
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
BLANCHE BATES as ROSALIND.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW AFTERNOON
JIECIAL SOUVENIR MATIXEE.
Next Monday, A BACHELOR'S HONEYMOON.
•■.-■' From Hoyt's Theater.
. . ONE CONTINUAL LAUGH.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
FILIPINO
WONDER SHOW!
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Commencing Thursday Evening.
ACROBATS. JUGGLERS. WATER BUF-
FALO, TRAINED PONIES. ETC.,
DIRECT FROM MANILA.
ADMISSION - - • • 25 and 50 Cents.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Concerning the only World's Filipino Wonder
Show. After their engagement at the Mechan-
ics' Fair. which ends October 7. 1599. all
business must be done through the proprietor
and manager for the United States and the
World's Fair at Paris. Address JAMES
FAGAN, 773 Market St.; residence 1343 Howard
St., San Francisco.
w^ii MI , jiTfTiil I 1
>SEPTA^TqI5 EPTA^Tq16 TH - v >
Choicest Iruits.Wines.Vege- ,
tables. Grains & Grasses
Vln nF " rAX tFnRNIJr< * a¥ -g
dV GKSItt S^OC^ SWCW,
/^ic^ D\tertair\mer\f,
EMIBITSTIRANSPORTED fREE
Excursion Kates To Visitors;"
Mite FOR Particulars/
HTERJ. shields b^p^gkles
nSECRETARV. PRESIDENT
CONCEBTS AND BESOXTS. ■:
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL. SATURDAY NIGHT'
GRAND CAKEWALK!
-PARTICIPATED IN BY ALL THE EASTERN
and LOCAL CHAMPIONS. i„ V
Reserved Seats by Phone, Steiner 1851. ;
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. ... „"
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M.' TO 10:30 P. M. '
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, So.
Bathing, Including Admission 25c, Children »>-■,';
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced. Shipment of $345,622 to China.
Another rise in Turpentine.
II : heat advanced again, both here and abroad.
Barley dull at a slight decline.
C&rii- lower and inactive. Oats and Rye unchanged.
7/(7 v continues in lieavy receipt and weak.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans -mid Seeds still neglected.
P'p'taiprs easy,' Onions weaker again.
Vegetables in less excessive supply and firmer.
Poultry steady. Doves in large supply and lozver.
Another advance in Eggs and Cheese.
No dwnge in Butter.
Fruit market working around into better shape, but slowly
Fine cling Peaches selling down to $10 per ton.
(irapes coming in too heavily.
Fair demand for Dried Fruit.
Xo change in Provisions.
Wool, Hides and Hops stand the same.
Nothing neii- in the Meat market.
No further change in Grain Bags.
Charters.
The Annie Johnson loads merchandise foi
Honolulu.
The Endeavor loads lumber at Port Ludlot\
for Honolulu; Prosper, lumber at Port Lud
low for Sydney. 455; Sophia Sutherland, red
wood at Fort Bragg for Panama.
Treasure Shipment.
' The Hongkong. Maru ok oat a treasure Ms
of $345,622, consisting of $233,092 in Mexicai
'dollars, $530 in gold coin and $112,000 in silvei
bulHon. -
/■•; ' Exports of Breadstuffs.
, .ESixir'tsVof Flour from this port during th«
£Xsi "se-ven. 'months of . the year amount tc
£"5,052- ."barrels, against 446,790 barrels durinf
tiie: same -tln'.e in IM)S. Reducing this Flout
to . a Wl Cat- basis and adding it to the ex
-til Wheat gives the total exports of Wheat
for .the -seven months of 3.445,Ck10 tls, valuei
at ".J3.94>,720, against 4,468,000 ctls at J6,651,30(
.
.'•'.• .-.'■■ Weather Report.
-' .'■ : .'OMth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
: , 7 r.": ■•.••S°AN FRANCISCO. Aug. 17, sp. m.
. '.The .-foil. are the maximum temperatures
reported -from' stations in California to-day;
ipiur.eka .:•. 60 Ban Diego '. 6S
■Frjesno: S2 i Sacramento 72
l,'< Artgeteß 74 | Independence 60
RS?di'Btuft" 74 Yuma 94
Ban -.Luis Obispo 63 1
■•,Stin'vFraricisco data: Maximum temperature,
6.Q;"- nimtim, 54; mean, 57.
Weather CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
..•,;..•■•. • forecast.
: . -Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
P.ftHtic- Slope. Light rain has fallen over the
f Streir.c j hortbern portion of California and
N'^Va'dA.
■"■.The area of low pressure noted this morning
over; Oregon has moved southward and is con
ti;al in. Southern Nevada this evening. The
pressure has commenced to rise along the coast.
The' temperature has fallen decidedly over
the interior of California and Northern Nevada.
Conditions are still somewhat unsettled In
California, but they are expected to Improve
during the next twelve to twenty-four hours.
'.Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hourjs, ending midnight, August IS, 1599:
• Northern California— Partly cloudy Friday;
cooler in southeast portion; fresh northwest
■win 1. •
Southern California— Partly cloudy Friday;
fr -- - west wind.
■ Nevada — Cloudy, with showers Friday; cooler.
.■ Uttih— Cloudy, with showers Friday: cooler.
■Arizona— Partly cloudy Friday: cooler.
.-. Sart Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday
inornlnß, clearing during the day; fresh weEt
ivlnd. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
'■••..• »
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— stock market
Fhuwe<] greatly increased activity and strength
to-day. The strength was somewhat better
diffused than has recently been the case, but
the heaviest demand was still confined to a
small number of stocks. The majority of the
Industrial stocks were listless and heavy. This
was notably the case with the iron and steel
Ktocks. except for Tennessee Coal, which has
regained two points of its decline. The bears
were disposed to continue* to contest early in
the day and handled the tobacco company
etocks and Sugar rather severely, but even in
these the bear campaign showed convincing
evidence of exhaustion before the day was over.
Bugar ruled above last night's level during the
latter part of the day and closed with a net
gain oi 1%. American Tobacco retrieved its
earlier losses and Brooklyn Rapid Transit,
though rather feverish at times, was higher all
day. The characteristic movement of the day
was in the railroads. The Southern group and
the Southern and Central Pacific stocks con
tinued .to be the center of strength, with some
additions to the former group over those which
moved upward yesterday. Louisville was the
Reader and rose at one time nearly three points,
cltislng a small fraction below that. Southern
Kail Way preferred continued strong, but Chesa
peake and Ohio lagged. The Baltimore and
Ohio slocks came vigorously forward into the
movement, the common rising an extreme
three points and the preferred 2%, with subse
quent fractional reaction. Norfolk and West
ern preferred and Mobile and Ohio shared In the
ttrength, The buying of Southern Pacific was
very large anti evidently by a powerful concert
ed movement. The stock rose 2% and Central
Paciflc gained two points. There was an Isolated
movement' in the Pittsburgh, C. C. and St.
Louis stocks, the preferred rising eight points
to par with a subsequent reaction of -'■_. the
common rising 1% and losing the fraction.
Railroad loci generally are higher, the gains
reaching a point in only a few cases. The
grangers, Atchison preferred and Pennsylva
nia were conspicuous. Northwestern* gained
2'« The leading cause of the more cheerful
feeling regarding the values of securities was
the easier condition of the London money mar
kPt as disclosed by the weekly statement of the
Bank of England. The rate for money fell ap
preciably in London to-day, but still rules
above the bank rate.
The bond market did not share in the in
creased activity of stocks and changes were
small and mixed. Total Bales, par value, $9,470,
--000. United States old fours coupon advanced
»i and the fives % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Hid.
13,410 'Atchlson 21%
36,126' Atchison prefd 65%
14.650 Baltimore and Ohio ,*2'/i
100 Canadian Pacific 96
' '200 Canada Southern 63%
10,850 Central Pacific 68%
4.233 Chesapeake and Ohio 7^ls i
S.COO Chicago Great Western 1514
'"6,610 Chicago. Biirllngton & Qulncy 137%
•200 Chicago, Ind and Louis 91^
»i chicag. Ind and Louis prefd 41
Chicago and. Cast Illinois 76V2
2.300 Chicago and Northwestern 162
3,025 Chicago, Rock Island and Pac iis%
SOO C C C and St Louis 571,:
200 . ! lorado Southern ..-. 5%
400 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46
l K> Colorado Southern 2d prefd 174
•H 100 , Delaware and Hudson 123
190 Delaware. Lack and Western 173%
100 Denver and Rio Grande. 51%
2,400 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 76
I Erie" 13%
Erie Ist prefd 37
"■?10 Great Northern prefd 16V
1.200 Hocking Coal 17%
' Hocking Valley 34%
625 Illinois Central 114%
. 2,730 lowa Central 14%
2.240 lowa Central prefd 58%
1.200 Kansas City, Plttsburg and Gulf.... 12 "
;* Lake Erie and Western 21
• 1...... Lake Erie and . Western prefd sen,
;,"...., Lake Shore 1 201".
23,720 LolsvUle and Nashville 79%
•8,460 Manhattan L 116 1 *
1.472° Metropolitan Street Railway £05
• 1,640 Mexican Central '1.H4
2.900 Minn and St Louis 70
200 Minn and St Louis prefd Sfi'i
3.250 Missouri Pacific 4^
; I,l*o Mobile and Ohio 45*4
.' 3W Missouri, Kansas and Texas 13%
,4,700 Missouri. Kansas and Tex prefd.... 31*4
1 ■!' ■■' New Jersey Central -..'.IIS
10.320 New York Central 188%
'L7OO Norfolk and Western 22
6,325 Norfolk and Western prefd 71%
14.558 Northern Pacific 53Vi
15. 4W) Northern Pacific prefd 7ti 7 s
2,000 Ontario and Western 26,4
.-. Oregon Railway and Nay 4:;
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd 73
8,750 Pennsylvania 135%
Reading Liv
3,4(i0 Reading Ist prefd 60%
330 Reading Zd prefd 32*
Rio Grande Western 30
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 73
St Louis and San Francisco 11%
St Louis and San Fran Ist prefd 70
210 St Louis and San Fran 2d prefd 38
1,200 St Louis, Southwestern IT 15 ,
500 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 3r>S
9,610 St l'aui ISUg
225 St Paul prefd 174
St Paul and Omaha 111 1 .,
84,650 Southern Pacific 3^s
8,726 Southern Railway l." 4
33,7. r >o Southern Railway prefd 54^
2,700 Ti'xas and Pacific : 21
9.735 Union Pacific 41 7 »
3,415 Vnion Pacific prefd 77-,
Wabash 7%
Ci4o Wabash prefd 22%
. 375 heeling and L B 10 V t
200 Wheeling and I. E 2d prefd 24»;
1. Wisconsin Central 16
P C c and St L 76
Express Companies—
Adams 113
American 141
United States • 52
Wells-Fargo 128
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil ..' 41%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 9:: 1 -.
American Malting 16*4
100 American Malting prefd 67
1.450 Amer Smelting and Refining 4I 1
-1.230 Amer Smelting and Refining prefd.. 91
100 American Spirits 5%
American Spirits prefd I-*
530 American Steel Hoop 38
1,260 American Steel Hoop prefd m
6,100 American Steel and Wire 52 a
• 100 American Steel and Wire prefd 99
1.200 American Tin Plate 42%
200 American Tin Plate prefd 88%
25.650 American Tobacco ; 122^ t
100 American Tobacco prefd 142
1.C50 Anaconda Mining Co 142
36.750 Brooklyn Rapid Transit in
3.700 Colorado Fuel and Iron 52%
10.575 Continental Tobacco 4*u.
6.910 Continental Tobacco prefd 97%
750 Federal Steel 59*4
' 650 Federal Steel ; n fd 81»4
400 Genera] Electric 124
Glucose Sugar - '4"
- Sugar prefd 110
3.210 International Paper 40
300 International Paper prefd 7S
Laclede Gas ..; 57%
280 National Biscuit 4.''..
National Biscuit prefd 101U
326 National Lead 224
National Lead prefd 113
900 National Steel .'■>;',
100 National Steel prefd ..: 97
New York Air Brake 191
6.1f*l North American 12-^g
240 Pacific Coast 44'
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 86
618 Pacific Coast 2d prefd '. 63H
3,fi70 Pacific Mail 47' 4
4,250 People's Gas 120 7 .
600 Pressed Steel Car 59
250 Pressed Steel Car prefd -.■■■.
123 Pullman Palace Car 157%
Standard Rope and Twine B'4
7,132 Sugar ir,;.a
Sugar prefd 120
9,050 Tennessee Coal and Iron 90"i
30.297 United States Leather 70%
3,720 United States Leather prefd 741.,
200 I'nited States Rubber 49%
United States Rubber prefd 115%
1,020 Western Union 88%
m I 1.
CLOSING BONDS.
D ** 2s rep • •••>••••• 100% . M iv & X 2ds •■••■■ 68%
Do 3's reg 108 Do 4s '1314
Do 3s coup IOS% N V Cen lsts......in'
Do new 4.- Reg — 130 14 1N .1 Cen gen 5s 121%
Do new 4s c0up. .130% N Carolina 6s 128
Do old 4s reg ..112% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s C0UP. .113% N Pac lsts 113
Do 5s reg 1!!", Do 3s 66%
Do 5s coup 111% Do 4s 103%
Die of Col 3.655.... 117 NYC& St L 4s.~K>7}4
Ala (lass A 110 N& W con 4s 95 "
Do class H 110 Do gen 6s 135
Do class C lOt Or Nay lsts 1124
Do Currency 100 ' Do 4s 101%
Atchlson gen 4? — 101% I Or Short Line 65..12 d "
Do adj 4s 86% Do con 5s ii:i'i
Canada So 2ds 111% Reading Gen 45.... 8S
Ches & Ohio 4%a.. 97% X G W lsts 98
Do 5s 118% St L &I M Con 55.113%
C& N Con 7s li.: st L *:• S F Gen 65. 124 "
Do S F Deb 68.. 122 St Paul Con 170
Chi Term 45.. 99 St PC & P 15t5....121%
D St R G lsts 106 Do 5s 121%
Do 4? too So Railway 5s 109%
E T Va & Ga lsts. 98% Stand R & T 65.... 85
Erie Gen 4s 72Vi Term new set 35... 96
F W & 1) C -sts.. 79%'Tex & Pac 15t5.... 115
Gen Elec 5s 116 Tex & Pac 2ds 55
G H & S A 65... .10* Union Pac 4s 105
GH& S A 2d5....10S Wabash lsts 116
II .v T Cen 65.... 110' • Do 2ds 100%
' Do Con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cen lsts 115 Wis Cen lsts 76 "
X CP & G lsts.... 72 Va Centuries 85
La new con 4s 106 ' Do deferred 5
■ L & X Un 4s 99% C & S 4s 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Bulwer —[Ontario 7 i:>
Chollar 20JOphlr 105
Crown Point 21 1 Plymouth 6
; Con Cal <t Va ! 00 Quicksilver 1 90
ad wood 60 Do prefd 800
iuld & Curry 40 Sierra Nevada 70
Hale & Norcross.. SOl Standard 240
1 Homestake 65 Otij Union Con 21
I Iron Silver 50 1 Yellow Jacket 3.'
Mexican so.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • West End prefd.... 113
Call loans 3%@4% Wis Cen 16%
Time loans I/.", Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s.- lOOVi
Atch Top & S F.. 21»,4 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 65 Adventure 9
I Am Sugar 159% Alloucz Mm C 0.... 6
I Do prefd 120 Atlantic :28
j Bell Tel 343 Boston & M0nt. ...355
I Boston & Albany. .2sl Butte & Boston 75
I Boston L 107 1 ,* Calumet & Hecla..S3o
; Boston & Maine.. .l9:j [Centennial ..' 15%
C It & Q Franklin 20%
Gen Elec 123% Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel 59 1 ,4iOsceola v.ii 4
Do prefd 82 I Parrot 52*4
Me* Cen 13 Quiney 15!
Mich Tel 98 Santa Fp Copper.. 13%
Old Colony 206 ]ramaraok 225"
Old Dominion S6%|Wlnona 11
Rubber 50 Wolverines 4fi'4
Union Pacific 44*4 Utah ■;-,
Union Land 8
The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Money on call, steady
at 2%jBS per cent; last loan, 2% per cent. Prime
j mercantile paper. 4»i'&r, per cent. Sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at M 86%@4 86% for demand and at
54 ../J4 S3 for sixty days: posted rates $4 83%
04 S4 and $4 S7(S4 87' V. commercial bill« $4 82%
j Silver certificates, 60%®61%c. Bar silver, 60% c!
Mexican, dollars, 4Sc. Government bonds
1 strong. State bonds. Inactive. Railroad bonds
irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17. -To-day's statement
Of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail-
J24G e<>< > C i n 3 S O4 balanCe ' *-" 3 -' 18S ' C 3 5: gold reserve,
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram- says:
Business was more active and the tone brighter
THE SAN YLiAl* CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ATTGTTST 18. 1899.
In the markets here to-day. An optimistic view
was taken of the outcome of the Transvaal af
fair and the money position was much better
on the favorable bank statement.
The rise in sterling exchange in New York
rendered unnecessary a change in the bank
rate.
Americans were strong and active, more busi
ness being done in these to-day than In the
previous fortnight. Baltimore and Ohio Jump
ed four points and Central and Southern Pa
cifies and Southern Railway preferred also im
proved notably
Spanish fours, 59*4; Anacondas, 11*4; Bostons
better; Utahs weak.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 9S'i; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 75%: Union Pacific, 79' 4 : Atchison. 21%:
Grand Trunk. 8%; Anaconda. 11%. Bar Sil
ver steady, 27 11-16 d. Money, 2 1 ,4 per cent.
4, «
A T ew York Grain and Produce.
<g> $>
NEW YORK. Auk. 17.— FLOUR—
13,910 barrels: exports, 10,825 barrels; sales,
6000 barrels; firmer and fairly active. Winter
patents, $3 70@3 90; winter straits, $3 40@3 50;
Minnesota patents, $3 75(j?4 10.
WHEAT — Receipts, 65,675 bushels; exports.
--7560 bushels; sales 2,300,000 bushels futures and
360,000 bushels spot. Spot, firm; No. 2 red,
7S^c .f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Du
luth Eo%o f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 81% ci. o. b. afloat spot; No. 2, 76% c
elevator. Options opened strong at %c advance
on hither cables and unfavorable Indian crop
| news. The subsequent strength was occasioned
by less promising spring wheat crop news and
renewed export activity, with a final reaction
due to late realizing. Closed steady, at %c to
%c net higher. May 82@82>£c, closed S2'-sc:
September. TG'^TT^c, closed 76?4c; December
closed T.'V\
HOPS- quiet.
WOOL— Firm.
HIDES—
METALS — Operations on the Metal Exchange
were not extensive nor were price variations of
special significance. Tin went off a shade fur
ther under adverse cables and freer offerings
of, producers, together with light demand. The
balance of the list was about unchanged and
fairly steady to firm. At the close the Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, unchanged, -pith $15
; and ?ir. 50 asked.
LAKE COPPER— SIS 50.
TlN— Easier, with $30 62Vi bid and $30 82%
asked.
LEAD — Quiet, with $4 67% bid and $4 62&
asked.
SPELTER— at $5 65 nominal.
The brokers' r>rice for lead Is $4 35 and for j
copper $18 50.
• COFFEE Options closed steady, net un
changed. Sales, 12,000 bags, Including Septem
ber, M 4:.: October, $4 45; December, $4 90; Feb
ruary, %5: March, $5 or..
Spot coffee— Rio, dull and nominal; mild,
quiet, about steady.
SUGAR Raw, higher: fair refining. 4c; cen- I
: trifugal, '.'0 test, 4>»c; molasses sugar, 3" B e. Re- i
fined, firm and fairly active.
BUTTER Receipts. 48M packages; steady.
Western creamery, 175? 21c: factory. 13«?15V>c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8378 packages; steady. West
| crn ungraded. ll@lse at mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— California dried
fruit, quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7- ? c;
prime wire tray, BVi@S%c; choice, S?i@yc; fancy,
i'H^SHc.
PRUNES— 3U«iSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c: Moorpark, 14tal6c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, lI&UHc.
<s^— » l
Chicago Grain Market.
$ _ >»
CHICAGO, Aug. — The opening in wheat
was marked by a good deal of strength and
a decidedly small amount of trading. Specu
lators again were influenced by the action of
the Liverpool market, which showed an ad
vance of \'<i'~''.. and opening prices for Sep
tember here were %@%c higher at "Hie Be
sides the firmness of Liverpool the market had
for a support reports of heavy rains in some
sections of the • Northwest, with consequent
damage to wheat uncut and In the shock.
There was a moderate demand from shorts who
feared the opening advance would be followed
by still higher prices. Offerings were small
and September advanced to call price, 71^8<3>
71% c, before any Influential soiling was done.
A reaction to 71% c followed, but the decline
was stubbornly fought, and as soon as realiz
ing was over the price shot upward in a
hurry, touching 71%ic before the balance of
trading was again in favor of. the sellers. The
market in the main was dull during the morn-
Ing with occasionally lively spots. Several re
actions occurred, but the price at no time got
l*low 7]', c. and In the afternoon the rapidly
increasing cash business injected life Into the
market and made it much broader. Shorts
covered liberally late in the session, but St.
I^ouis and local longs were apparently satis
fied with their profits and let go Of rough
Wheat to more than satisfy the demand. The
close was firm at 71%@71%C for September.
Corn was firm and closed at a slight advance,
though best prices were not maintained. Sep
tember closed %@%c higher.
Oats, as usual, were very dull, but firm in
the main, being influenced by wheat and corn.
September closed a shade higher.
Provisions were inactive, but firmer all round,
although a decline was reported in hogs. The
cash demand showed marked improvement,
which was apparently the basis for the better
feeling in the -speculative market. Packers
bought liberally. At the dose September pork
was 7Vic higher, lard B%C higher, ribs s(^7^o
higher. „
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 71% 71? i 71V4 "Hi
December 73% 74's 73% 73%
May 77 77% 70% 76%
Corn No. — ,
September " nis i 80% SO% 30%
December 28»i 28% 28% 28%
May 2.' ! 2 29% 29% 29%
Oats No. 2 •: :■:. ■.-
September 19% 19% 19% 19%
December 19 i 19% 19% 19%
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 820 8 32^ 820 S 27k.
October 27% 840 8 27Vi 8 35"
January 9 37% 9 47& 945 945
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 5 17% 6 22% 5 17% 620
October 5 22% 630 5 22^ 5 2714
January 5 37% 6 42% 6 37"- 2 5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 00 5 10 5 00 6 07%
October 5 05 5 15 6".", 5 12' 2
January 4 87% 595 4 87% 495
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 Spring- Wheat. 68%@70%c: No. 2
Red. 72%@75c; No. 2 Corn, 3Hic; No. 2 Oats 21
621% c: No. - White. 23>4c: No. 3 White. 22%^
24<4c; No. 2 Rye, 54c: No. 2 Barley, 34941 c; No.
1 Flaxseed, $101%; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 55;
Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 50@8 .''.o; Lard, per 100 lbs
$5 i 22%; Short-rib Sides (loose), $4 90#6 15;
Dry Salted Shoulders- (boxed), 6%Cft>%o; Short
Clear Sides (boxed), $4 45@5 60; Whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gal, $1 26.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels IS, OOO • S.OOO
Wheat, bushels 56,000 ■ 52,000
Corn, bushels 235,000 312,000
Oats, bushels 408,000 415,001)
Rys, bushels 11,000
Barley, bushels 17.""" 2.0)0
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 15?r20c; dairy
l.. 1 '.(17c. Cheese, firm; 9%©M>c, Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12% C .
A . ! _^
Foreign Futures.
<» . — _ ___ $
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. . Mar.
Opening 5 I"* 5 11% '..
Closing 5 ION 6 01%
PARIS. •;•'.-'
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening , 19 65 20 45
Closing 19 65 20 50
Flour—
Opening 42 R5 27 B0
Closing 42 30 , 27 70
•*> : — ; ■ — — ©■
California Fruit Sales.
* ■ — . — *
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Karl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Malaga,
! average $1 78, single crates. Peaches— Early
| Orawfords, 60c to 70c, average 66c a box; Craw
ford (cling), 600 to "nc. average 66c; Elberta,
flic to 70c, average' 63c; Kuaquehanna, 60c to 76c,
average 67c.
Porter Bros. Company scales: Plums—Kel
icy Special. $1 crate; Ku:k. SOc to 90c; Yel
low Ksff. !'oc to $1 05; Columbia, 90c to $1
Prunes— ltalian*, Si 3:. to $i 4o crate; Gros. <;-, c
to Jl 4:>; Fallenburg, Jl 40 to $1 45; Bulgarian,
?1 OS to $1 10 crate. Poars- Bartletts, $1 r> to
t.ox; Ueurre Hardy, Jl 00 to $1 75 box
Peaches— Orange icllng), r.50 to Soc box; Craw
fords, 56C t'i iSc; Ktillson, 65c to 70c; Fostei-s,
Lemon, Hoo to tß6i BSberta, 75c to xoc'
Reeve's Favorite. 70c; Mary's* Choice, 60c to 65c;
Si;siiuehanna, 65c to 7f>o; Roseville cling, 50c;
Crawford. 7"ic box. Grapes— Muscats, $1 jil
crate; Tokays, $2 30 crate. Kight cars sold to
day.
NEW TORK. Aug. 17.— Porter Bros. Company
tales of California fruit; Pears— Bartletts, $1 10
<n! 45 box and ■ > sc'ssl 10 half-box. Peaches-
Late Crawfords Sf.ifj9si' box; Muir. 50<?ifi0e:
Ciings, r.Oe; Crawforde 45®60c: McDevitts, 85®
90c; Albrights, Ssc'ri'si 10; Elberta, 75^90c;
Orange, 6iX'Casl; Brandywlne, P«c; Marys
Choice. 65c; Freestones 4:.vi«s<-; Strawberry, SOc
ft $105 box. Nectarines 50c crate. Plums—
Kelseys, 85c®9l 20 crate and 30946 c box: Egg.
50{z75e crate: Purple Duanes. 60c crate. Prunes
—Giant, M>f?9oc crate; Hungarian. $1 05 ' ill 3n;
Gros. Gscigsl 40 crate- Silver, 65^75c; Italiaji,
%\ 2. r 'ffl 40.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes—Mal
aga. $1 40-7? 1 CO. average $152 single crates: Tn
kay, average J2 in. Peaches— Early Crawford,
65@75c, average ~Zr; Late Crawford, iUWSOc,
average 78c; Crawford "'ling. -80@90c, average
86c; Elberta, 56@8Pc, average 67c; Orange Cling,
Sa@Soc, average 6Ste; Pusquehannn, 45@75c, aver
age 62c; Golden ciinr- 71c. Pears— Bartletts,
Jlf'/i2 20. average $196. Plums— Grand iKike,
average $1 70; Kelsey. 4ic(ffsl 20; Yellow Egg,
70cf7?l 25 average 98c Prunes— Gros, $l (! il 30,
average $121; Fallenburg, $1 25@1 50, average
$141; Bulgarian, average $1 15; Italian, «M.'.,
1 50, average $1 42. Twenty-four cars -were sold
to-day.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— CATTLE— The demand
for all grades was rather slow to-day anl
with a large supply on hand prices were a lit
| tie easier aJI around. Good to choice beeves.
| $5 60*56 45; commoner grades, $4 45@5 55; stock
ers and feeders, $T Bo@4 85; bulls, cows and
: heifers-, $2@5 2r.- Texas steers, $3 70®5 15, anU
I calves. U 60Q7 25.
HOGS— There was a further reduction of 5C in
, the price, packers holding off in spite of
i the moderate offerings. Heavy hogs, $4 15W4 7:.:
1 mixed lots $4 4Off4 70 and light, 4 45^4 85.
Pies, $3 Eo#4 66; culls $2'«4 m.
SHEEP— The market for sheep and lambs was
again weak, enormous receipts having knocked
the bottom out of prices. Sheep. $2@3 for culls,
up to $3 50(84 for choice Western rangers. Na
tive wethers were scarce and sold at $4 2504 50;
lambs. $3 50@fi 15; prime flocks, $6 25@6 50.
Receipts— Cattle 10.5G0; hog?, 25,000; sheep,
15,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 17.— Clearings, $216.
--990; balances, $37,338.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 17— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, G7tt@sßc; valley, 58%@59c; blue stem,
60@61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 17.— A firmer feeling
■was reported in the local Wheat market to
day, prices being quoted at 57c for club and
60c for blue stem.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Consols, 106%; silver,
27 13-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 32c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart: car
goes on passage, nominal, unchanged; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 17— Wheat, flrm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 14d: wheat In Paris.
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
1 markets, quiet.
I COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. - red Western winter,
firm, .'s 9' 2 d; No. 1 red Northern spring, firm.
6s Id. Futures, flrm. s> ;>tember, 5s 10'^d;
December, 6s V&d.
CORN— Futures, steady. September, 3s 3"sd;
! October, 3s 4>.,d; November, 2-s 4Ud.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8714
Sterling Cables ' — . 4 BSV4.
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars 4»H 5"
Fine Silver, per ounce — CO%
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— The market has again improved,
both on and off call. In sympathy with Chicago,
which opened firmer on better foreign advices,
lighter receipts, rain in the Northwest and for
eign orders to buy. Export limits were ad
vanced 2c. The cash demand improved, but
speculation was less activej The shorts were
disposed to cover.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling $1 07^i@
l"10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o:ls o'clock— December—
22,000 CtlS. $113: 6000, $1 13%; 6000, $112%.
May WOO, $1 18; WOO. Jl 17%.
I Second Session May- 1008 ctls. $1 IS; 10,000.
$1 18%: 10,000. ■*! IS%. December— lß,ooo, $1 IZ%.
Regular Horning Session— December— l6,ooo
otls $1 13 : h: 4000, U 13; 34,000, ni2*i; 10.000,
$1 1_".
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls,
51 12%.
HAKLET- The market Is lower and very dull
at the decline.
Peed, 80@82Uc; Prewing, 90fi?5c; Chevalier,
:■:■■■; i# r ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
nd Session-No pales.
Regular Morning Session— December— looo ctls,
M- ■•-. 4000, 84% c.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— The market was dull again, at un
changVd quotations.
White. $1209135; Red, $1 10S1 15 per ctl;
Black, 90c©$l.
CORN- Several varieties are out of market.
The demand is Blow and the feeling is w.- ;i k.
Eastern large Yellow, $107%; White, $1 07! 3 ;
m'.xed. $1 ".".',( l iV- per CtL
RYE 90®92%c per ( tl.
BUCKWHEAT -Nominal.
Flour and Millstiiffs.
FLOUR— ralifornia family extras. $3 (091 75,
usual terms; bakers' fxtras, $3 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4093 E0 per bbl for extra,
{3 ...,;.; 40 for bakers 1 and $2 25<ij3 fur super
lin.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 L's per 100 lb?: Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye j
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, *2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, J3 2.'.; Oatmeal, $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats, 14 75; Hominy, $:> 25@3 50; Buck- .
wheat Flour, ?4'.;4 2:.; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; j
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled i
Oats (barrels). $6 6596 95; in sacks, J6 35'«0 75;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hax and Fccdstuffs.
Receipts of Hay continue too large and the
market rules w-.-ik. Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— SI 3 50©517 per ton.
MIDDIJNGS JIT 60919 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, Sis 50 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27928; lobbing
$28 r,(t^i23: Cocoanut Cake, $20921; Cornmeal, j
?-•:; r,()i}(L'4 50; tracked Crn, $21*/ 25: Mixed Feed, I
$11 ■!■,<: 50; Cottonseed Meal, i- 1 * per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $8 6098 50 for common to pood
j and $:< for Choice; Wheat and Oat, $7fr :> ; Oat,
I $6@B: Barley, $607: Island Barley. 14.6005 50;
Alfalfa, $5&7 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
STRAW— 2O& 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Bean market continues neglected at
nominal quotations.
BEANS Bayoa. $1 70f? 1 sn ; Small White. $2 05
@2 15; Large White, $1 6091 05; Pinks. $2 15®
2 25; Reds, nominal: Blackeye, $4 15@4 25; But
tei-s, nominal; I.imas. $4 109415; Pea, $2 15®!
2 35; Red Kidneys, $292 25 per ctL
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. .'•■'•i3c; Yellow Mus
i tard, nominal; Flax. 51 9092 10; Canary Seed,
per Hi tor California and :('■_•'■ for East- j
crn: Alfalfa. R'^jpur ; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4® !
4',-ic; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— NII«S, $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 50
<82 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions -were a shade weaker again. Potatoes
have shown no chance for some little time.
Stocks fit Vegetables, while still liberal, are
not as overwhelming as they have been, and
the demoralization is slowly passing away,
especially in Tomatoes, which are doing better, j
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, SOctSJl; Early ,
Hose, 75c(f?Jl: Burbnnks. 7'>c@Jl tier ctl: Sa- i
linas Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; Sweet Potatoes, i
l%@2c per Ib.
ONIONS— 73<gSOc per ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Onions, 75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— is out: Green
Peas, l%©2c per 1!'; String Beans, l®2c; Lima :
Beans, 3c; Cabbage nOfiCOc: River Tomatoes, I
25(jJ40c; Egg Plant, 35®60c; Green OkrJ, 40065 c I
per box; Garlic, 2<S3c: Green Peppers, 'ilrn lie I
for Chill and 40@60c per box for Bell: Car
rots, 30@40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 15@25c; |
Pickles. fii)c for Xo. 1 and 40c per box for No. I
2: Summer Squash, 15@25c; Marrowfat Squash. I
$15 per ton: -Green Corn, nOc@sl per sack; $1@ •
125 per crate for Alameda and 25@75c for
Berkeley. -
Poultry and Game.*
Doves are in larger supply than for many
years, and quotations are much lower in con
sequence. .
Poultry shows no particular change. Young
stock is steady, receipts being moderate, but
Hens are in good supply, and weak. ■.
A car of Eastern sold at $4 for Ducks, $5 50]
for Hens, $1 50 tor old . Roosters, $5 for Fry- i
era and $3 DO for Broilers. ;
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l3c for Gob
biers and U@l3c for Hens: Young Turkeys.
155?17c; Geese, per pair, $1250150; Goslings,
$1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3-0.1 50 for old and $3 50@5
for young; Hens, $3 50®5; young Roosters, $4 50 .
@6; old Roosters, $4 50; Fryers, $4(g4 50; Broil
ers, $3@3 50 for . large, *2 50@3 for small; i
Pigeons, $1 50S1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, 40<H7>0c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs have again advanced, under decreased
receipts.
Cheese Is also higher. There is very little
old Cheese here, but there is no scarcity of
new.
Rutter stands as previously quoted, the de
mand and supply about balancing.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23M;@24c; sec
onds. 22fi '.'3c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22c; good to choice, 20@21c;
store, 17<?ilSe per Ib.
Pickled rol', 19521 c: firkin. 16@lSc; creamery
tut>. 20(?i21'4c per lh.
CHEESE-Choice mild new. lO^c; old 10c;
Young America, lO'-^iic; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 18@2Oc for store and 22>£
@2,") c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, ISV2@2Oc
for selected, It>gl7c for No. 1 and Hitioc for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The glut continues to lighten up, but it Is a
slow process, and some days will probably
elapse ere the supply of fruit gets down to nor
mal proportions. Cling Peaches are suffering
severely at the moment and fine Orange and
Lemon Clings, largo and choice, sold at $l(Kci 15
per ton. with more at $10 than $I.~>.
Peaches in small boxes, for the retail trade are
in lighter supply and rather firmer. Pears con
tine to drag under liberal stocks.
Supplies of Grapes are stfadily increasing
and a glut in them is threatened. Melons are
also in too large supply. Choice Applet are
about the firmest fruit In the market at pres
ent.
The canners are still complaining bitterly ol
the scarrity of cans and say that it will re
sult in a decreased, output o£ canned fruit.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 25@60c per box for common and 60c!3
$1 for good to choice.
RHRRlES— Blackberries, $3@3 50 per chest:
Strawberries, $7ftiß per chest for small and
JL' .'' <i 1 for large berries; Raspberries, $4!55 per
chest; Huckleberries, s<f?6c per lb.
Grapes 'lift We. per box and crate for Fon
talneWeau, 3.Va"75r for black, 3r,<g6se for Mus
cat, 40(§70e for Tokay and 50'a6oc for Seedless.
Watermelons. ?2 sn<gls per 100.
Cantaloupes, 5Uc!gU per crate; Nutmegs, 25@
50c per box.
ivars— 2s<34oc per box, according to size:
Rartletts, 50e«5'$l p<r box for green and 25©40 c
for ripe; in bulk, $5530 per ton.
Nectarines, per box for white and 35@
65c lor red.
Figs, "ficffSl per box for double layers of
small black and 2",<ftsoc for large purple.
Peaches. 2S@soc per box and lG@2sc per bas
ket; in bulk. t~<fi 13 per ton for all kinds.
Plums. 20®40c per box; Prunes, S'^Tjc per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $10@1j per
ton.
Quinces, 6i>77'c per box. .
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2@4;
Lemons {1^1.'.0 for common and Si 75@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50® 4; Cali
fornia Limes. per small box: Bananas. $1 50
62 SO per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is nothing new. The market for new
goods is quiet, but there Is something going on
right along, so the market Is not absolutely
stagnant. Prices are maintained without diffi
culty, and there is no pronounced weakness in
any description. Buyers are paying from $250
32 50 per ton for green Prunes in the country.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6Vic for
40-50' asc for 50-60' s, 4.- for 60-70*8, 3%@3%c for
70-SO's. 2»i@3Uc for 80-90's, 2%@2\c for 90-100's
and 2(S2Uc tor 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Prunes, in
sacks, 6Tn'.i4c for 40-50' 6@6%C for 50-60' s, 4@
4 l ,2C per lb for 60-70's, 3^;c for 70-SO's, B^4@3%c
for 80-90' 8 and 2%«r3c for 90-100's; Apricots, 10®
lie for Royals, W\c for Moorparka; Peaches,
6@6%C for Standards and 7Ji7'ic for choice;
Evaporated Apples, 7^7',4c; Sun-dried, s@Z\ic
per lb; Nectarines, 6(&7c per lb.
RAISINS— 3% c for two-crown. 4*ic for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, B%c tor Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2 ; y;'S3c.
NUTS— "Walnuts 598 c for hardshell, 10@llc
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, ll@12c; Almonds,
new crop, 7'ic for Languedoc and 9V6c for pa
per-shell; peanuts. 8%@6%C for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, B%@9c; Filberts, ll@llV4o; Pecans, 7Vj®
Sc; Cocoanuts, $4 SOfia.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi@*Hc;
light amber extracted, 6Vs(g<"c; dark, sV>c
P BEESW'AX- 24@26c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24:?26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers quote previous prices, with a fair de
mand for cured meats.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B'Jc per lb for
heavy. :<tj9' 2 c for light medium, lie for light.
!:■;..,■ for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Vi914c; Califor
nia Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; ex
tra Mess. Beef, $14 ; Family Beef, $15'ffl5 50; ex
tra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear. $16 50; mess,
$15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at W4©sltc per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins. SVic: 5-lb tins. B^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@7i4c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about ' lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lOSilOVic: medium. 999Hc; light, 9c:
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, fie: Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20980 c each; short
Wooli 35@60c each; medium. 70990 c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2(Ti2 25 for
large and $1 2591 50 for small: Colts, 20f?50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2,- 3<i/3'--.c: refined, — ; grease, 2Ti2\c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — Pan Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months, S'fillc; San Joaqutn Foot
hill, defective, Rff9c; Valley Oregon. 17«r?18c;
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall clip— San Joaqutn Lambs. 8f?10c; do
plain.--. 7©Be; Sun Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7' 2 i579c.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 16©17%0 rer lb; ISS9 crop,
12V2&13c bid and refused.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— overdue Macduff, with 4,000.000
Calcutta* on board, has been spoken off the
Oregon coast, bat the market has not weakened
as expected, as dealers calculate that all Rags
in Fight will be needed this year, and that even
with the Macduffs 4,000.000 there will not be
more than enough to go around. -Calcutta Grain
Bags, 7>/4c; Wool Bags. 2G@2Sc; Fruit Bags, sVic.
5V4c and *■■ for the three grades of white and 7
<g>7>£c for bleached jute.
~ COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; New Welling
ton $8: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant,. $6; Coos Ray, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 In bulk and $10 50
In Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
I any quotes, ■ terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine' Crushed. .5%c;
Powdered. s^c; Candy Granulated, 5V4c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5Hc; Cali
fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4»ic; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4>, 2 c: barrels, l-16c mure; half barrels,
V more; boxes, ' 2 c more; DO-lb bags, \i.c more.
No order taken for less than 73 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. 5%c; boxes,
B&c Der lb.
TURPENTINE— again advanced to 72c
per gallon in cases and 67c in drums or iron
barrels. _____ll_l'r
San Francisco Meat Market.
. Previous quotations rule. The market is
steady all along the line, and there is no over
supply in anything. ■
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7?4c per lb for Steers and 6}4@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— B%©9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7&@Sc; Ewes, 7@7V4e per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. B%@9c per lb. . • .
PORK— hogs. 5%®5%c for small, 6c for
medium and 5 J ,J(g5%- for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed . Hogs, 7@SHc.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 17.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 21,050 Sugar, bbls .. 100
Wheat, ctls 13,950 Wine, ga15.:..... 15.700
Barley, ctls 6,430 Powder, car 1
Oats ctls 2,020 1 Wool, bags 26
Butter, ctls 212 Chicory, bbls 25
Cheese, ctls 145 Quicksilver, risks 100
Tallow, ctls 213 Eggs, doz 12,720
Beans, sks 16 Straw, tons '.. 30
Potatoes, sks : 2,240' Hay, tons 888
Onions, 5k5....... 888 1 Pel bdls ..' 150
Bran sks 2,0801 Hides. No. 816
Middlings, sks.... 410 ] Leather, r0115.... 101
Sugar, sks 1,550
t m
<* : ■ $
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business in securities on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
Hawaiian Commercial advanced sharply to
$1 cm and Oceanic Steamship sold up to $90.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric advanced
to $70 2o and Alaska Packers to $11? 25.
Mining stocks were rather weak than other
wise, though prices showed little change. The
telegram from the pump said: "At G:3O o'clock
this morning the water was 20 feet 8 inches be
low the 1950-foot level station, the water having
risen Steadily during the past twenty-four
hours, while the elevator was working continu
ously. A rush of water from some unknown
source is proliably the cause of the raise. We
hope to start No. 2 elevator to-day,"
The Challenge assessment falls delinquent in
boarii nnd the Sierra Nevada assessment in
office to-day.
Oceanic Steamship will pay a dividend of 50c
September 1.
The Consolidated St. Gothard Gold Mining
Company of Nevada County has levied .an
assessment of 5 cents per share, delinquent
September 12. _ , n r
The Live Yankee Gravel Mining Company of
Nevada County has levied an assessment ot l
cent per share, delinquent September 9.
The letter from the Justice mine for the weeK
ending August IS fay.- that nn the 3.0-foot le\el
west crosscut No I troni the station was ao
vanced 19 feet, making its total distance 30b
feet from the station. The face is in por
phyry. At a point 75 f-'et back from the face
of this crosscut they have started a south dritt
followinß a streak of quartz a foot wide ana
assaying J5 69 per ton goll. In the drain tun
nel the south drift on the boundary line of tne
West Justice and James O. Blame claims was
advanced 11 feet during th.' week, making its
total 44 feet. The face shows two feet of quartz
giving low assays.
In the Belcher mine on the 100-foot level the
east crosscut from the station is now out ;>2
feet, having been advanced 10 feet during the
week. The face shows porphyry. On the V*^
fout level the east crosscut from the main
north lateral drift is out -2.'i feet, 8 feet having
been made during the week. The face is in a
mixture of quartz and porphyry. On the 1100
--foot level the work of cleaning out and relim
berlng the Belcher, Crown Point and Yellow-
Jacket joint north lateral drift is still going
on. There have been hoisted during the week
and stored in the ore house at the min^ 44 min
ing-car loads of ore. the average top car sample
of which shows an assay value Of J24 20 per ton.
The Grand Central Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 15 cents per share, or 537,500,
on the 10th. This makes $257,f,r«l since January"
1, or $600,250 from the beginning.
The Bullion-Beck and Champion Mining Com
pany of Utah paid a dividend of $10,000 on the
15th, making; $80,000 this year and $2.395,400 from
the beginning.
The. Swansea Mining Company of Utah raid
a dividend of $5000 on the 10th, making $40,00u
this year and $17(3,500 In all.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of $50,000 on the 10th, making
$375,000 this year and $2,125,000 from the begin
ning.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a dividend on the 25th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, August 17-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask! Bid. Ask
Bonds— Equit G T. Co. 3% 4 "4
4s quar c0up. .112 — 'Mutual El Co. 15% I"'/*
4s quar reg — — OG L & H... 4S 60
4s tjuar new.. — 130% Pac Gas Imp.. 70 71
6s quar coup.. — 109% i Pac L Co — 43
Miscellaneous — PFG & E 70 70%
Cal-st Cab 55. .114 116% San Fran .... 3% 3%
C C Wat 55... — 110^: Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L& P 65.. 129%135 ' Insurance—
F& CI Ry 6s — 117 FirenVs Fund.224 226
Geary-st R 5s — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 6%5..107% — Anglo-Cal .... 66 70
I, A Ry 65....10634107K Hank of Ca1...270 275
LAL, Co 65.. 99 — U'al SD & T.. 97 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — j First National. 23o 237%
Do gntd 55.. — 100 ILon P & A.... 129% —
Market-Et 65... 126% — ]Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M ss. 116% — Nev Nat 8k...153!A —
NCG R R 75.110 — ! Savings Banks—
N Rof Cal 65.1U% — iGer S & L...1650 —
NH of Cal 55. 114 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N P C R R 65.106 Vi — !Mut Say Bk. 39 —
NPC R R 55.1UtJ%107% S X Say U.. 500 502%
N Cal R R ss.Hl — Say &L. So. — 82%
OOL, & H 55.11 l — iSec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Tmnst 65112 113 I Union T C 0.1400 1440
dm C Ry 65..126%13u Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65.106*107 California ....116 120
Ik <£• ORy 65.115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st R6s — 125 Market-st .. 61% 62
Sac El G&R.-s — — Oak SL& H. — 60
S F <fc N J' 85.113% — ! Presidio — 16
S P ft S JVss.il.", 116 Powder—
S R of Cal 6s. 108% — (California .... — 170
S P of A 65. ..112 112% B Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 68(1905). 112 112% (Want Con Co. 73Vi —
S P C 65(1306). — 114% Vigorit 2% 3^4
S P C 65<1912>.118 122 Sugar—
SPCIs cr 55.102% — Hana P C 0... 15»i 16%
SPBr 6s 12534 — Haw C& S C.101%102«
S V Wat 65.. .116% — iHutch S P Co. 32% 32^
S V Wat 45. ...104 — IKilauea S C. — 31
S V W-4s(3dm)liJi% — Makawell SC. «TK 60%
Stktn Gas 6s. .102% — Onomea S Co. 38% 39
Water Stocks— Paauhau S C. 39& 40
Contra Costa.. 76 76%: Miscellaneous —
Marin County. 50 — Al Pac Assn..ll6%llS
Spring Valley. in 2 102 1 * Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 59"6 91
Capital Gas... — — j Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent G Co — — ' I'ac C Bor C. — 135
Cent L, & P... — 7 "Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Asa'n 116 50
IBank of California 270 00
6.") Contra Costa Water 76 25
10 Giant Powder con 73 25
10 liana Plantation Co 16 00
. 10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 10150
75 Hutchtnson S P Co 32 75
235 Makawell 50 00
60 Makawell, cash 50 00
ISO Mutual Electric Light 16 50
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 0';
25 Paauhau S P Co 90 00
30 Paauhau B I' Co, cash 40 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax 132 00
5S F Gaslight 3 50
Street—
8 Fireman's Fund Ins 225 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board— ■> i
-20 Alaska Packers' Ass'n, cash 117 25
100 Contra Costa Water 76 25
35 Giant Powder Con 73 50
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar ' 101 SO
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 73
I.V. Makaweli 50 00
15 Oceanic S S Co ... 90 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 50
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 75
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 25
Street—
80 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 101 50
50 Paauhau S P Co • ■. 40 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 75 75
50 Contra Costa Water 75 87^
30 Giant Powder 72 S7H
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 106 75
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 106 87%
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 12&
25 Mutual Elec Co 16 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Giant Powder 73 12%
20 Hawaiian Commercial 101 00
16 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 25
$1500 U S 3s 108 50
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Session.
100 Andes . 16 200 Gould & Curry. 43
300 Best & Belcher 65 100 Mexican 54
100 Bullion 03 600 Potosl 40
200 Bullion OS 200 Sierra Nevada. 72
100 Caledonia. 70 lOOUnion Con 32
1000 CHollar 22 300 Utah 10
100 Con Cal & Va..2 05 100 Yellow Jacket.. 31
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher ........ 35 100 Hale & N0r.... 31
200 Best & Belcher 63 400 Savage ...v..... 22
100 Caledonia 70 100 Scg Belcher 07
500 Challenge 26 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
USO Con Cal & Va..2 05 100 Sierra Nevada. 63
400 Con Cal & Vn..2 00 50 Union Con 33
200 Gould & Curry. 4'j; 700 Yellow Jacket. 32
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 64 200 Gould & Curry. 41
700 Chnllar 22 700 Potosi 31
200.Chollar 21 300 Potosl 40
100 Con Cal & Va2 07% 400 Union Con 82
300 Con Cal & Va..2 Or") 700 Utah 10
100 Con Cal & Va2 02V4 400 Yellow Jacket.. 35
100 Gould & Curry. 43
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 35 j 500 Kentuck 05
100 Challenge Con. 26 : 100 Mexican 53
500 Con Cal & Va2 02ii 200 Potosi 31
400 Con Cal & Va..2 Ml 200 Yellow Jacket . 33
100 Hale & N0r..... 31 1
r CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August IS— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.' . Bid.Ask
Alpha 07 OS Justice 15 16
Alta .06 OS Kentuck 03 05
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 0*
Belcher 33 .1". Mexican 53 54
Best & Belcher. 64 65 Occidental 21 ■>•>
Bullion OS .05 Ophlr 1 15 120
Caledonia 61) 71 Overman ...... 11 12
("hollar 21 22 Potosi 3S 30
Challenge Con.. 26 27 Savage ..... 21 22
Confidence '..... 85 SS Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Ya.. 2 On 205 Seg Belcher 06 OS
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 60 70
Crown Point.... 24 25 Silver Hill 03 04
Eureka Con DO — Syndicate ...... 07
Con New York. •— 02 ! Standard — 60
Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 1'
Gould & Curry. 41 42 Union C0n...... SI 32
Hale & Nor 30 31 Utah 00 11
Julia ■■■■■ 02 03 Yellow Jacket . . 31 32
Notice to Mariners.
Notice is hereby piven that the whittling htiiy
off Point Buchon, aeacoast -of California is out
of order and does not sound property.
It will be put in working order as soon as
practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1898, V page 14. By order
of the Lighthouse Board. .
V. SEBREE.
Commander V. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office, XI. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco ' Cal
AuKUst 17, LBS9.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in eharue.
— ♦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Lnfted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights if High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by ofticlal au
thority of the Superintendent.
IsOTh.— xhe high and low waters occur at
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
The Elegant FURNITURE, BRI<
and CARPETS of 12 rooms at 414 V
TER ST., TO-DAY. August IS, at 2 p. r^
Chance for dealers.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) a tx,< Jt
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point'
the height of tide Is the same at both place*
FRIDAY, AUGUST IS.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets 2:14 
NOTE— In the above exposition of the t!i. *
the early morning tides are given in the If
hand column and the successive tides
day in the order of occurrence as to tim
second time column gives the second tid»
the day the third time column the thirl
and the last or right hand column gi\
last tide of the day, except when there a.-p I
three tides, as sometimes occur. The he| K ht.
given are additions to the soundings oi
United States Coast Survey charts,
•when a minus sign (— ) precedes the hei*h-.
and then the number given is subtracts .
the depth glvrn by the charts. The plane
reference is the mean of the lower low wat"r?
&- — «
Steamer Movements.
<* -»
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
»- *
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 17.
Ptmr Navarro, Hlggins, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Bark Palmyra, Keller, 71 days from Newcas
tle. NSW.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, 20 days from
Hilo. " .--.- . • : ■• •
 Bark Carondelet, Stetson, 8% days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 16 hours from
Fort Braes;.
Schr Ccquille River, Pearson, 4 days from
Coquille River.
Schr National City, Dettmers, 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr Allen A, Schage, 21 days from Kahulul.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 17.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle: E T Kruse.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Hyderabad, Scott, Antwerp; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Fllmer. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W B Curtis.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 17.
Stmr Sunol. Llebig. t'sal.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Portland, etc.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Buchard, .
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow, Port Harford.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. Fllmer, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Schr Berwick. Ostlln. Coquille River.
Schr Peerless, Johnson, Port Blakeley.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-, Aug 17, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Corjuille — On Aug 15. at 1:15 p m, lat
40 OS N. lon 125 12 W. Gus Schilling, seaman,
while aloft on mainmast about 25 feet from
deck, fell and broke his leg and sustained other
Injuries.
SPOKEN.
Aug 12. lat 24 05 N. lon 74 20 W— Stmr Ad
vance, from New York, for Colon.
July 12, lat 10 N. lon 26 W— ltal ship Salva
tore Clam^a, from Hamburg, for San Fran
cisco.
Per pchr Allen A. Aug 8, lat 3? 46 N. lon
149 40 W— Fr bark Lamoriciere, from Newcastle,
Aus, for San Francisco. ■
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT CLARENCE— Arrived July 22— Whaling
stmr Grampus, hence March 25: whaling stmr
Balaena, hence March 29; whaling stmr Nar
whal, hence March 16: whaling stmr Thrasher,
hence April 4: whaling stmr Mermaid, hence
March 28.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 17— Schr Monterey, for
San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Aug 13— Schr Sacra
mento, for San Francisco. Aug 15— Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco; stmr Luella, for San
Francisco.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Aug 16— Schr Reporter, for
Redondo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug Stmr Alliance,
from St Michael. Aug 17— Stmr Dirigo, from
Liyea
Sailed Auir 16— Ship Occidental, for San
Francisco. Sailed July 25— Schr Carrier
ST Ml' 'HAEL— Sailed July 2^— Sehr Carrier
Dove for Port Townsend. July 30— Schr A M
Baxter, for New Whatcom. Aug 2— Schr Salva
tor. for Port Townsend.
In port Aug 2— Hark Oregon and bark Agate.
VENTURA— Aug 17— Schr Geo Loo
mis, hence July 16 . '
Sailed Auir IT— Stmr Geo Loomls, for San
MBNDOCINO— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Point
Arena for San Francisco. -^
ALBlON— Arrived Aug 17— Schr Nettle. Sund
borg, hence Aub: 12. -'/ ; 'i •- '
GRAYS HARBOR— Auc Schr
Viking from Honolulu.
Sailed Aug 16— Schr Twilight, for San Fran-
TACOMA— Arrived Aver 17— Schr Annie M
Campbell, from Port Townm-rul.
Sailed Aug 17— Schr Challenger, for San Fran
cisco
REbONDO— Aug 17— Schr Mildred,
from Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug Schr Repeat,
hence Ausr 3.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 17— Bktn Uncle John,
hence Aug 9: schr Jessie Minor, from Honolulu.
Sailed Auk 17— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Auk 17— Schr Norma,
hence Aug 16. in tow of tug Sea Queen.
Sailed Aug Tug Sea Queen, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Rival, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Aug 17— Ger bark
Plus, for United Kingdom; schr James Rolph,
for San Pedro. -;.•„';--,; =
EASTERN PORTS. ■
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 16— Br stmr Athos,
from Colon.
Sailed Aug — Stmr Finance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. i ■
DOVER— Passed Aug Ger ship Margretha,
from Antwerp, for Oregon.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Aug 16— Schr Dauntless,
from Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 16— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco, via Honolulu. .
NANTES— SaiIed Auk 3— Fr bark Marechal
Villers, for Astoria.
. NAGASAKI — Arrived Auk 17— S stmr
Grant, from Manila, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 16— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York. Aug 17— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Bremen,
for Bremen, via Southampton. :
CHERBOURG— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Au
guste Victoria,- from New York, for Southamp
ton and Hamburg.\ \ BAY CITIES JJ
ARLINGTON WAS
ALSO A MAN OF
MANY ALIASES
Spicy Letter Written
in His Cell.
SAYS HE WAS VITIMIZED
CHARGES HIS FAIR ACCUSER
WITH BLACKMAIL.
Officer Bainbridge Makes a Witty
Witness. Called by the Defense
but Most Formidable for
the Prosecution.
. — «
Oakland office Ban Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Aug. 17.
The trial of Arthur Arlington, the al
leged gay bunkoer of unsuspecting
■women, on the charge of having robbed
Mrs. Minnie Maud Smith of $214 last
April, which has been In progress before
'" jury in Judge Hall's court the past two
days, grows in Inter.
The star witness for the prosecution to
day was A Bainbridpe, a San Fran
cisco police detective and officer, who was
called by the defense. Bel »re he was ex
cused he proved a most formidable wit
ness for the people.
It had been expected to prove by him
that hi*, representing the detective author
ities of San Francisco, had rot advised
the decoy letter written, as printed in
to-day's Call] whereby it was intended to
induce Arlington to come to Oakland,
where he might be apprehended by the lo
cal authorities.
The prosecution was sustained in objec
tions to Bainbridge testifying as to the
letter, and the officer was then made a
■witness for the people, when he testified
that he had known defendant since l *»»>_'
and that he had known him by many
ullages, to wit: Charles Holman. Llewei
lyn Miller. S. p. I »anforth, J. W. Parish.
Jones. Gartield, Robinson and Arlington.
Witness said that if the prisoner was a
mining man "he had certainly done his
mining solely in San Francisco."
Attorney Major McElrath took exception
to tht witness' last remark and inquired
whether he intended thereby to assail the
defendant's reputation. "If my answer
stands nwn to two inferences." replied
witty Officer Bainbridge, "you can take
your choice. I did not think my answer
would injure the man's reputation or char
acter. I knew nothing about his being a
mining man except what I heard through
statements of some of his victims."
This statement Judge Hall ruled to be
stricken out. Major McElrath then asked
Officer Bainbridge. on cross-examination,
whether he did not bear some enmity or
Mtter feeling toward defendant, and
whether he had b« j en brought to court to
testify against Arlington.
"No, there is no personal feeling in this
matter." responded witness. "I did not
know why 1 was subpena'ed; but I thought
it was to prove prior convictions." He
had said quite enough, and witness was
promptly excused.
An interesting feature of the trial dur
ing this morning's session was the intro
duction in evidence of a spicy letter writ
ten by Arlington to Mrs. Richmond of San
Francisco; at whose hostelry the defense
claims Mrs. Smith spent the night of the
day of the alleged grand larceny. The let
ter was written from the County Jail, and
is given for what it is worth:
OAKLAND. July 9, 1599.
, Dear Mr- Richmond: This woman against
me is a blackmailer and an adventure-s. and her
charge against me is false. She says she was
not in the city with me Now you remember
the nieht we were at your house. April 14. I
grave you a picture at the time of her sitting
on my lap We went hackrldinK and came
ba?k to your use • • « an( j had
breakfast in the morning:. You waited on us.
The second woman l"ft before breakfast, quite
early. Will you come over to my trial and
help me? You know I am not one who would
do a.« she says. Bh« thought I was a man of
much means and family and she started In to
Mackmnll me. She has done such minus l(i
thf East. I have her record. I hope you will
nanu by me. Don'] you remember her having
money over then in her stocking? Where is
that man who was there, the barkeeper? He
is a good ..in. I will remember you all, an.;
ynu will always find me true. Please write
r>n receijit of this and lei me know if you will
come over to my trial. Your evidence will do
me a world of good. She If a terrible liar and
denies ever betng over there with me. You
don't want me to puffer, and you are the only
cine I ran prove by that she was with me at
your bouse that nlEht. April 14. Where is
l>olly? I will come out and see you when this
Is ever. So help rr.« God, the charge aßainst
me is a lie. You address your letter to me here.
No one will read it hut myself. 1 would have
b<-.»n out to see you long ago had it not been for
this trouble. You know the last time I was
out there I was pretty full and don't remembei
nil I tatd it.) done. Hut you will always find
me all rleht. and you know I had and do have
the highest regard for you. Please stand by
me In my trouble. Very sincerely yours
A. ARLINGTON,
County Jail. Oakland, Callifornia.
Mrs. Richmond was put on the witness
stand to corroborate the statements made
In the letter, hut while she had known
Arlington by the name of Karish for some
time she said Bhe was not positive as to
the identity of Mrs. Smith being the
woman who was with the km-, old Lo
thario on the night referred to.
The case went over until to-morrow
when the defense promisee to produce the.
hackman who drove Arlington about San
Francisco on the- night mentioned In the
Utter, and by which time it is also ex
pected that Mrs. Sarah Watkins, an im
portant witness for the prosecution, win
be on hand.
Every care is being exercised ' by the.
prosecution and th- court to avoid any
error that might prove material to the de
fense in ease of an appeal should Arling
ton be convicted.
WANTS HEAVY DAMAGES
FROM THE RAILROAD
OAKLAND. Aug. Julius Jacobs, a
soda water manufacturer of Livermore,
thlß afternoon filed suit in the Superior
Court against the Southern Pacific Com
pany for the recovery of $21,033 damage*
for permanent injuries. His complaint,
prepared by Attorney W. W. Foote, re
cites that on August 21. 1597, while he was
I crossing the railroad track at Llvermore
avenue, one of defendant corporation's
trains -truck his wagon, hurling him to
the road, whereby '.;■■ sustained a com
pound fracture '■' the left- let and bad
bruises about the hi ad. Plaintiff also al
leys that ho was Riven no warning of
the approaching train by bell or whistle,
and that the defendant was negligent in
i"' having a flagman at this dangerous
crossing. He regards his injuries as per
• manent and avers that he has suffered on
- that account to the amount of $2«J 000 also
$500 by reason of being una"ble to attend
to his business from August, 1*«97, until
; March. 1S0S: $350 for additional hired heir*.
J»SO for medical assistance. $15 for drugs
.end $10S for care in hospital. His horse
' was killed and wagon Icmolished In the
| accident, and for these ho covered Judg
', ment In the Justice Court, but this cane 'a
• ijow on appeal.
Haywards Y. M. I. Celebrates.
HAYWARDS. Aug. 17. Golden State
Council. young Men's Institute, held
its annual lecture and entertainment at
the Haywards Opera-house last evening),
. lAmg before the hour for starting every
,°"seat was taken and the programme.
° • which was as follows, w.us admirably
• °' rendered: Opening remarks. Rev John
° oA. Laity; viral solo, .Miss Annie Garcia;
•- trio. Messrs. Lcake, Fitzgerald and Kelß
• • iloffer. of Santa Clara College: recitation
. Mrs. .1. McMurtry: lecture. "The Historic
Position of the Catholic Ciuirch." by Kcv.
Father Gleason of San Francisco; special
ties. Judge i-:. Sweeney. -I"!:.- lecture by
Rev. Father Gleason was a masterly ef
fort, and hIH auditors were completely
• aptivated by his instructive discourse.
A social dance followed the entertain
ment.
BIG SURPRISES
FOUND IN THE
ESTUARY DEED
Park Spoiled by the
Southern Pacific.
MADE BIG RESERVATIONS
HAS EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS ON THE
TRESTLE TRACK.
Evidence That the People's Rights
Have Been Trampled Upon to
Aid a Crosstown Road to
Be Built.
Oakland Office Snn Francisco Call,
IK'S Broadway, Aug. 17.
The city council has just discovered
that the Southern Pacific Company,
through the Water Front Company, has
bunkoed the city of Oakland in tho matter
of the proposed park west of Lake M.r
ritt.
Not only does the city not acquire but
half of the much exploited twenty acres
of public park, but the piece it ha.- ob
tained is split up by car tracks into three
sections, and made absolutely worthless
as a pleasure ground.
This is only one of the jokers in the
deed, which was read for the first time
by a majority of the Councilmen last
night. The Southern Pacific has now an
absolute right to the right of way across
the estuary on the Eleventh-street trestle
now being used by its rival, the Oakland
Transit Company.
The Southern Pacific could, if It chose
force its rival off the Eleventh-street tres
tle at any time, for the Transit Company
has no franchise across the estuary. Sev
eral years ago, when the trestle was being
built, a controversy arose as to where the
LAKE MERRITT PARK AND OBSI RUCT.OiNS
authority was vested tp grant a franchise
across the estuary. City Attorney John
son gave it as his opinion that the trestle
having heen built without any authority
from the city nothing could be done about
it. and the company continued to use the
tracks.
The wording of the deed which has
caused such surprise is as follows: c
Reserving, nevertheless, to the
party of the first part, its successors
and assigns in the premises afore
said, a right of way for a single or
double track street railroad extend
ing from the easterly termination <jf
Eleventh street, as shown upon Kel
lenberger's map of Oakland, to the
westerly termination of East Elev
enth street, as shown upon Higley's
map of Clinton, or in lieu thereof, at
the election of the party of the first
part, its successors or assigns, a
right of way for a single or double
track street railroad extending from
the easterly termination of Tenth
street, as shown upon Kellenberger's
map of Oakland, to the westerly ter
mination of East Tenth street, as
shown upon Higley's map of Clinton.
When the proposition of making a park
on the west side of the lake was first
broached it was stated that the land to be
presented to the city would make a beau
tiful twenty-acre park. On this promise
the council granted everything that the
promoters of the dredging of the lake and
Of the park desired. The tax levy was
made higher than ever for the purpose of
raising $1)0,900 to build a bulkhead and fill
in the park. Now it appears that the total
amount of land is lust a little over eleven
acres, and that the Water Front Com
pany has reserved to Itself two rights of
way across It for single or double street
car tracks. Should the Southern Pacific
not care to use th<- Kiev. -nth street right
of way, which is already In use by the
Transit Company, it is at'llberty to paral
lel it on Tenth atrei t.
The discovery that the Southern Pacific
has reserved the*'- rights, which parallel
not only the Transit Company, bin the
tracks of the Haywarda company which
has almost entire!) taken away th.
traffic fr-mi :h.. Bouthern Pacific between
Oakland and Hajrwards, has given rise
ti. the suggestion fh.-it the Southern Pa
cific must contemplate In the near future
building a croM-town road as feeders to
its Broadway systems. No i>ther inter
j.rotation .an bo put upon the reservation
In the deed. It whs generally supported
thnt the dee.) was made by the Improve
ment Club to the city, the dub having
raised the (6006 to pay .for the property
In the deeri there Is no mention of ariy
Other parties than the Oakland Water
Front Company and the city of Oakland
and as the: documi-nt was accepted and
recorded many months ago it is said ti la t
its rendition cannot now be altered.
Yesterday the Board of Works let the
contract for filling in this park property
nnii not till then was it known that the
deed provided for splitting the property
up into thrr-e little and comparutively
useless pieces.
Knights of Pythias Celebrate.
OAKLANH. Aug. 17.— Live Oak Lodco
No. 17, Knights or Pythias, to-night cele
brated Us thirty-ninth unnl versury at
Pythian Hall, on Twelfth Street, with a
musical and literary entertainment of rare
and interesting numbers. AniuiiK those
who tool* part were Ororp" Calvert, rhc
Sawyer .sfpters. K. < '. Mull. r. P. Dun
worth. Miss A. Doolittle, Philip Journal
and P. G. C. Morrison. Dancing and
supper followed the programme. Next
Sunday evening this lodge's members,
with their families, will attend divine
THE SA]S II AKLISCO.. CALL,. 1 1UDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899,
THEIRS WAS REALLY A
"VERY QUIET WEDDING"
a AKLAND, Aug. 17.— A really quiet wedding in the truest sense of that ©
T /^AKLAXP. Aug. 17.— A really nulet wedding in the truest sense of that v
Q if 11 term took place to-night at Emeryville, when Miss Mattte E. Dag- Q
if II JJ gctt, daughter of S. \V. Daggett, and Herman A. Hoik, a wealthy Jr
A Ns=^/ rancher of Butter County, were united. Rev. Mr. Hunter of Golden A
Gate officiating, and Professor Wilkinson acting as interpreter in the 4,
T silent language of the deaf and dumb. T
Q Neither the bride nor groom has spoken a word or heard a word spoken V
*• . since infancy, yet both are perfectly contented. The young bride lost the *
A power of speech and hearing by Illness when a mere babe,. Illness was also the A
X cause of the groom's affliction. The couple met at the Berkeley Institute for j£
\ the Deaf and Dumb, and there, without a waste of words and sweet and A
V honeyed nothings, plighted their troth. Both are graduates of the institute. V
>+■ The bride is a charming brunette, an accomplished artist in oil and water 3 'j*
A colors, and .the groom, as stated, is a wealthy rancher, who appears to con- Q
4. duct his business affairs without inconvenience from his affliction. The ■+
T young couple will spend their honeymoon at Pacific Grove. ,x
service, at the Second Congregational
Church, pursuant to an invitation frnm
Rev. W. R. Balr, who will on that occa
sion deliver an address on "Pythlanism
and Rathbone Sisterhood."
ROWE WANTED BREED
TO RAISE ASSESSMENTS
Mayor Snow Says That No Such
Action Was Contemplated by
Charter Makers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
BOS Broadway, Aug. 17.
The City Council is facing a dilemma.
Tt has been pledged to run the city on a j
dollar tax limit, but when the pledge was
made there was no Idea that the city's
assessment would be cut so low that the
Income from it would be inadequate for
the government.
President Rewe made the statement last
night that he had called upon City As
sessor Breed and asked him to raise the
assessment 15 or 20 per cent, when he saw
how low County Assessor Dalton had
fixed it.
"It would have been easy. said Mr.
Rowe "for the City Assessor to have
raised the assessment to $50,000,000. and in
my opinion it should have been done.
He leclined to do it. baying that the
charter -provided that the figures of the
County Assessor should be the ba^is of
the ■ It \ assessment. I believe that the
| assessment of the city is too low for city
taxation. Of course, we, as a Board of
Equalization, could have raised the as
, sessment, but, in that case we should have
to send it notice to every taxpayer in the
I city of our intention, and they would then
! come and attempt to fight It. Had the
I City Assessor raised the assessment the
taxpayers would have accepted his figures
i as a matter of course and there would not
;be any necessity for sending ' out
thousands of notices."
Auditor Breed is not in the city to-day,
but Mayor Snow explained the situation.
"When the new charter was made." said
i the Mayor, "I was elected to the office of
j Auditor and Assessor. The very first oc
casion that arose of fixing a tax levy this
question of assessments came up. I con
ferred with Judge Havens and others
I who, had framed the charter as to their
intentions and they told me that the idea
of the charter makers was that the lig
j ares of he County Assessor should be
' the figures of the city assessment, and
1 that the word 'basis' was merely used
because it had been in the general law.
I I offered to make a test case, and went
j before the Council proposing that this be
I done. My proposition was frowned upon,
j and It was understood that the figures of
the County Assessor should be final as
I regards the city. The precedent thus set
j has been followed right along, and person-
I ally I do not blame Auditor Breed for
declining to arbitrarily raise the figures
of the County Assessor. It may cause
lots of trouble to the Board of Equali
zation to raise assessments, but it would
s.em thai that is the proper course to
I pursue."
A reduction of $7,000,000 in the city as-
I sessment from 1597 reduces the city In-
I come just $70,000, and it Is this sum that the
City Council has to do without, if It be
bound by its pledge to conduct the govern
ment on $1. which the majority of the
members propose to do.
Rosenberg Needs Witnesses
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— Joe Rosenberg, the
cigar dealer and saloon-keeper, is to be
tried to-morrow afternoon for attending a
prize fight. His attorney, H. \v. Pulslrer,
presented the court with the following list
of witnesses he wished to have subponaed.
]t Is the moat influential list of citizens
that could be named in Oakland:
W B. Hardy. William R. Davis. P.
E. Howies. J. KibUSh, Victor Metcalf,
Fred A. Campbell. Fred Kahn, M.
Isaacs, Max Marcuse, Alexander
Hlrshberg. Joseph Harris. C. E. i.'row
,ll J J. Alien. Waiter Mathieu, Frank
C. Jordan, .J. G. IdeElroy, Henry P.
Dalton. Robert Fitzgerald, uoorge C.
Pardee. Oscar Rongers. David H.
Swain E. M. Gibson. John 11.I 1 . Gins
cock William H. Church. P. Berco
vlch George E. de Golia. Patrick Gray,
N. A. Koser. Bert Lissner, William
Bowman Abe Jonas. Ambrose Ed
wards Philip M. Walsh. Fred E. Whit
ney Ge.orge Samuels. W. W r . Camron,
George W. Reed. A. W. Bishop. E.
Nushaumer. 1,. G. Cole. L. 8. church.
W N Miller, J. F. Garrlty. Dr. Dunn,
A. P. Leach. J. G. Quinn.
. ♦ ■
Berkeley News Notes.
HKRKELBY, Aug.* 17.— Frank L.
O'Brien died to-day at his residence, 1131
Delaware street, West Berkeley. De-
Ceased was 65 years of age. The funeral
will be held from St. Joseph's Church to
morrow morning at 9:30 o'clock.
T. J. Murphy, who was arrested a week
j ago for obtaining goods under false pre
i tenses and who skipped the town, leaving
his bondsmen to answer for him. > has
failed to put in an appearance. His case
came up in Judge Edgar's court this
! morning and sentence was postponed till
I to-morrow. 1
■ m t
Dentist Arrested for Insanity.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Frank Bartlett,
tho dontal studpnt who was arrcsterl f -r
insanity last night, was discharged by
the I,\inacy Commissioners to-day. It
ai>i>f-ur«.'d from the testimony at the ex
ALAMEDA COUNTY
amination conducted by l)rs. Knox and
Fearn thai Bartlett had been carousing
of late, and while very much under the
influence of liquor last night entered his
home at MS Grove street and proceeded
to make "rough house." It Is also sr.id
that he attempted violence upon his
mother ami other members of the family.
Mrs. Bartlett rushed from the place and
summoned Officer Sill, who made the ar
rest. The mother, however, was too HI *O
attend the examination to-day and tho
young man was discharged.
■ ■» ■ .
APPOINTED HIM IN A
STINGING REPRIMAND
Attorney Garrity Must Appear and
Defend Hill at All Odds,
Says Judg* Hall.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Notwithstanding
a graceful declination Colonel T. F. Gar
rity Will appear in court hereafter and
defend Edward Hill from the stern reali
ties of what the law has in store for men
who abstract diamond studs from shirt
fronts of other men. Judge Hall so ruled
In forceful language this afternon.
Hill is accused of having stolen a
diamond shirt stud from J. A. Allen of
San Francisco on May 30 last at a pic
nic in Sholl Mound PHrk. At Hill's
arraignment Attorney Garrity appeared,
but had evidently not been notified of the
day set f-T th.^ trial, hence when the roar-
tor ■ame up to-day Attorney Garrlty,
who had been working: night and day on
the prizefight cases In the Police Court,
failed to materialize. Judge Hall there
fore directed a telephonic mes
sage t" the corpulent advocate
to the effect that If he did
not come to court immediately he would
be adjudged guilty of contempt of court.
Breathlessly Colonel Garrlty rushed into
Judge Hall's department and explained
that be had not been notified of Hill's
trtal, but the court disclaimed fault for
that fact and reprimanded the attorney
in strong terms. "You have got to attend
to your business here," rebukingly pro
claimed his Honor. "In fully half of your
cases in this department you do not ap
pear when you should, and this court has
been greatly exercised to Mmi you."
"But your Honor," with bated breath
replied the attorney, "I do not want to
represent this man Hill. I" have other
case? to attend to in which feos have been
paid, and I do not wish to !<>s.> time with
this one." But Judge Hall called time and
ruled :
"Whether you want to or not. You
represented this man at his arraignment
and have led him and the i ourt to believe
that you were representing him. It la
the order of this court that you do repre
sent Hm. The case will now be trans
ferred to ,Ju>iu<> Ellsworth's department
for trial." Ami the trial was begun in
the latter's department.
Later in thi- day Attorney Qarrity met
Judge Hall on Washington' street. * They
looked daggers at each other, but the
visionary blades emitted scanty sparks,
and the two stalwarts who a few years
ftgo ran on opposite tickets for Superior
Judge, Hall defeating (iarrity with a nea-t
jmd sufficient Republican majority, went
their ways in peace.
Baseball Captain Takes a Bride.
OAKLAND. Aug. 17. Miss May Nunan.
daughter of M. C. Nunan of West Oak
land, and Fred W. Lange, the popular
captain <>f the Oakland baseball team,
were married this afternoon at the resi
dence of Rev. Father Prendergast in San
Francisco. Miss Oenevleve Nunan sister
of the bride, was bridesmaid and William
B. Mosklman was be*l man. The youni,'
couple are very popular here. They have
gone on their bridal trip to Camp Capi
tola. but on their return will reside in
Oakland.
LEAGUED FOR
IMPROVEMENTS
4 ! -Xv ♦
. /^\ AKLAND, Aug. 17.— The As- 4-
II \j soci at c d Improvement 4
"*■ U JJ Clubs Is now fully organ- 4
,+ Vi^/ Ized and ready for business. 4
4. The following officers have 4
4- been elected: Dr. N. K. Foster. 4
-- president; George W. Drake, vice 4
! 4 president; James S. Naismith, see- 4
I 4 retary; C. A. Chichester, treasurer; 4
♦ N. J. Herby, marshal. *■
4 The association consists of five 4
4 delegates from each of the improve- 4
4 ment clubs of«the city, and its pur- 4
-4 pose is to work harmoniously for 4
-4 any desired public improvement and 4
-- ; prevent factionalism that might be 4
4 developed as the result of location. 4
-- The delegates are as follows; 4
4- Linda Vista Club— J. H. Naismith, 4
4 E. M. Walsh, R. M. Lytnan, A. F. 4
-- Sv^ijfe 4
PRESIDENT N. K. FOSTER. ♦
4 Coflln, R. M. Price. 4.
4- Adeline Club— C. E. Town*. J. A. 4
-- Thompson, J. R. McGregor, L. 4
-4 Zunnich. J. G. Hill. : 4.
4 The delegates from the other 4
•♦■clubs have been already pub- 4
4 lished. +
4 The following executive commit- f
4- tee has been elected: J. C. Bullock. ■♦•
4- West Oakland; J. S. Wixson, North 4
> Oakland; H. D. Burns, Golden Gate; 4
4 C. W. Emory. Twenty-third aye- ♦
4 nue, , Boulevard and Peralta 4
4 Heights: B. H. Welch. Linda Vista; 4
4- A. F. Coffin, Adeline Improvement 4
4- Club; J. R. McGregor. 4.
4 Membership committee— A. 11. ♦
4- Dewar, Dr. Teague and Charles 4
4- Towni 1 . . 4
-- Dr. N. K. Foster, the president, Is 4
-4 a resident of Twenty-third avenue, 4
4 and has always been an ardent 4
j 4 worker for public improvements. 4
-4-> .- ' : • ■ 4
WANTED MEN
TO ROAST THE
DOLE MINISTRY
Strange Work of E. P.
Stoddard.
TALKED LOUDLY OF MONEY
PLAYED A MEAN TRICK ON A
BARBER.
Seeking for Journalists Who Would
Receive Large Pay and Do
Nothing But Pander to
Royalists.
. — ♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 17.
Several people from Haywarda would
like to meet Edward P. Stoddard, who
credited himself with being the son of a.
wealthy plantation owner in Hawaii. A
few months ago Mr. Stoddard took up
his quarters at the Hay wards Hotel, lie
made many friends by his pleasant man
ner and the ease with which he talked of
his father's vast wealth. A few days
ago Mr. ■ Stoddard left Haywards and
several people would now like to meet
him. He is credited with always paying
his debts and so far as is known left no
unpaid loans behind him. But he was pos
sessed of a mania for engaging people to
go and work in the Islands for fancy sal
aries, at the same. time promising his
gullible acquaintances that the hardest
work would be to draw their salaries.
Manuel Simas is a barber of Haywards.
He was honored with the privilege of
shaving the wealthy young Stoadard.
Finally Mr. Stoddard confided to his bar
ber that he was looking out for a good
man to go down to the islands. He would
pay $75 a month, give board and lodging, I
while the only services to be performed I
would be to shave his uncle, trim his
aunt's hair and occasionally run a mower
over his uncle's lawn. Slmas thought this
was a great deal better than shaving for
a precarious income at Haywards, so he
accepted the offer and invested quite a
little sum in purchasing the necessary ap
parel to enable him to become chief lawn
mower and hairdresser to Stoddurd
unce and aunt. Simas was to go to
Honolulu by the steamer which sailed on
the loth inst., but on that date Mr. Stod
dard was not on hand, although Mr. Si
mas had vacated his job and packed his
valise.
Stoddard also announced that it was his
intention to go to the islands in the in
terests of a plantation owner named
Churchill and establish a newspaper In
Honolulu which should be rabldiy royal- j
Ist. "There is a little purpose In this !
scheme of ours," said Stoddard. "Mr.
Churchill lost heavily when the Dole
Ministry took office, and he has appro- ;
priated $200,000 for this newspaper enter- |
prise, his Bole desire being to get even
with those who did him up. The whole
thing la in my hands. 1 will engage a
complete staff for all departments and
we will all go down to the island together I
and teach those people that the loyalist
faction is still alive."
With these Ideas Mr. Stoddard visited
many newspaper men and created the im
pression that the intention of his prin
cipal was to create a revolution in the
Islands. Of course, there were plenty of
Journalists who could create a revolution
to order on the salary of about $250 a
week, but when they attempted to nail
■ Mr. Stoddard down to facts he made all
! manner of excuses and promised to return
j in a few days prepared to make definite
offers. One man he spoke to nearly
I caused him to faint by telling him that
! before he would proceed any urther he
| (Stoddard) must deposit $1000 in a local
bank as evidence of his good faith. Stod
dard never came back, and now everybody
is wondering why he should have indulged
in such peculiar pastimes.
. If Mr. Simas of Haywards could now
meet Mr. Stoddard the meeting would not
be conducted under Marquis of Queens
berry rules.
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT
Major Waters Walks for Points and
Is Voted a — Many
Youthful Artists.
OAKLAND. An*. 17.— The international
Cakewalk carnival at the Exposition build
ing has been a remarkable success in all
ways. The opening house exceeded in
point of pay attendance any similar event
held in the city recently. Cakewalking
seems to have caught on, not only in San
Francisco, but in Oakland, judging from
the interest evinced and the sal* 1 of tick
ets. The second night of the carnival ex
ceeded that of the lirst night. The match
contests were between Professor McKilii
ken, a local champion of considerable re
nown, who with his partner walked for
points against Everett A. Brown and Miss
Annie Kelly, the winner of the I'acitic
Coast diamond badge championship medai
at the San Francisco carnival, and John
and Martha Steward, the colored cham
pions. Major Waters had a very lively
contest for points with George Steward.
The electric Cakewalk as given in Oak
land exceeds In points of beauty anything
ever attempted in this line In the country.
The management has had two of the
tiniest sets of storage batteries, carrying
twenty lights, ever made in this country,
' and they are worn by little Harry Man
gels and Etta Aronson, two of the best
I juvenile cakewalkers In the world. Th«
I little children take naturally to the beau
i tiful evolutions and take great pride In
their accomplishments. Master Harry la
a native son, residing in San Francisco,
1 and little Etta is an Oakland miss and
I native daughter. The children have been
i secured by the State Agricultural Society
for their appearance at the Sacramento
State Fair in conjunction with two local
champions and Miss Pearl Hickman.drum
major. They will give the electric cake
walk, and the citizens of Sacramento are
promised .something extra good.
The ilrst appearance in Oakland of John
and Martha Steward created a sensation,
although many favored the walking of
Louis and Kosie "Williams, the young col
ored couple from San Francisco, who have
just started out professionally. Lorraine
LangHtroth and Miss Myrtle Guilds and
I Harry Caro and partner and Miss Edna
Honn and partner were selected by the
judges, and competed again last night in
the finals for the. society State champlon-
A. M. Stone of the Olympic Club of San
Francisco' pin- on a very novel and i eau
tiful sire and electrical act. swinging flags
and light:- of fireb alls, like Indian clubs,
to the delight of all those present.. Mr.
Stone has one of the most novel acts that
has been seen around San Francisco in
some time.
Urn Kin and his Chinese cakewalkers
made their first appearance last night,
creating unbounded applause. Miss Pearl
llickman will give the Dewey dance on
Saturday afternoon for the children, and
little Alma Ferris will repeat her Irish jig
and reel dance, in which she made a great
hit on the occasion of Thursday's matinee.
The matinees are proving very popular,
not oniy for the children, but for the older
people. The children will he out in full
force on Saturday, as that Is a holiday.
As there are two sets of medals, the juve
niles have been divided into- two classes,,
commencing this (Thursday) evening. The
finals of the Juveniles, both classes, will
probably be. decided Friday night. Dr.
Metcalf of San Francisco, Charles Hoen
of San Jose and James L. Flannlgan of
Sacramento, who are unacquainted with
the children, will Judge the finals, arriv
ing in the city on Friday morning.
- ■ ■ ♦ ■ .',', ' ■ :■
Death of a Pioneer Butcher.
AL.AMEDA. Aug. 17.— Philip L. Gaueh-
I ncr, a pioneer butcher of the West End, I
died last night at 9 o'clock at his home.
IKI2 Webster street, after a lengthy ill
ness. Deceased was a native of Ohio,
aged nH years. Mr. Qguchner SPttled in I
Alfimcda nearly twenty-four years ago. |
establishing a meat market at the AWst
End. He was a charter memher of WhUl
den Hose Company and of West End
Lodge No. 175, A. O. V. W. Mrs. Florence
A. Gauchner. his wife, and two children.
Elizabeth C. and Filbert L. Gauchner, sur
vive him.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Edith Agnes
Horan. through her attorney. F. W. Saw
yer, commenced suit against Denis Horan
for a divorce on the ground of failure to
provide.
George B. Hoagland to-day filed suit
against Harry Pitman of Berkeley for the
recovery of $492 50, claimed due for medi
cal services rendered defendant's wile i
during each and every day from March
2 to April 28, 1599, and no part of which
has been paid.
The Hiberr.ia Suvings and Loan Society
filed suit to-day against sjarah H. Knox.
Winiam E. Palmer, et al., tor the fore
closure of a mortgage r.n property on
bimpson avenue, near 'Telegraph avenue,
given to Becure payment of a $72<W not"
utitod August 20, I»S>4. oi which mere is
btill due $«200.
J. B. Lanktree, J. Henry Glas and Clar
i in < Croweii nieii an appraisement to-day
nf the estate of David <;. Alexander, who
died suddenly in San Francisco about four
months ago, showing a total valuation of
$23,764 tio, consisting chiefly of moneys and
stocks, 'l he widow, Isabella it. Alexan
der, is the sole heir.
J. H. Coffin, who is being sued for h <li
vorce by Ester T. H. Coffin, has given no
tice that he will on next Monday movo the
Superior Court for an order directing ! '.
B. Channel!, the receiver in charge of his
"Favorite candy store" In San Francisco,
to pay him the sum nf $12 per week out of
the proceeds of said business for his sup
port pending the divorce suit.
Christopher Murr to-day applied for let
ters of administration on the estate of
his wife, Amolia Murr, whs died, in De
cember, I*B7. leaving real estate in San
Francisco and a 160-acre tract in Ventura
County.
It is probable that the schools of this
city will be closed on the day of thf> ar
rival of the First California Regiment.
Many Inquiries to the matter have been
made by parents fn various sections of
the city, and although Deputy School Su
perintendent York says that no action has
as yet been taken it is quite likely that
the proposition will be disposed of favor
ably.
The McElrath thirty-acre property in
Aldon has been purchased by W. H. Mar
tin at a reported price of $30,000. Martin Is
closely associated with the Realty Syndi
cate. It i« understood that the mortgages
held by the Oakland Bank of Savings,
given by Major MrE'.rath, will be assumed
by the purchaser. Mrs. Alden-McElrath
hns a homestead located in the center of
Ht> tract.
Carl Mideck. a prominent butcher of
Haywards, was quietly married to Miss
E. Schneider last evening at the home of
the bride. The happy couple departed on
a honeymoon to Lake Tahoe and will re
main away a couple of weeks. They will |
mak.' their future home in Haywards.
Rev. Dr. R. F. Co-yle is expected home |
from his extended trip through Europe
and the East in time to occupy his pulpit
nt the First Presbyterian Church in this I
city by the first Sunday of next month.
A movement is on foot to establish a j
fric evening class in high school subjects, j
where an opportunity will be afforded |
young men and women who are employed ■
in the rtnytlmr- to enjoy educational facili
ties Ht night.
L. H. Rrip^.-i obtained a permit to-day
t<> remove his two-story house from the
northeast corner of Clay and Thirteenth |
streets to Twenty-first and Brush. On
th*> cleared lot he proposes to build a
three-story business structure.
At the conclusion of an interesting pro
gramme by the Young People's Society
at the Swedish Lutheran Church last
evening a genuine surprise was created
when Rev. A. J. Rodell called for order
find joined in wedlock Miss Anna Ru
dolphi and Albert Peterson Rudolphi. who
before th^ ceremony were not related.
Charles L. M. wolf, who was charged
with bigamy by his second wife, was ex
amined to-day before Justice Quinn and
was held to answer for felony. It is
alleged that he has a wife and three chil
dren In Delaware, from whom be is not
divorced. He married the plaintiff in Sac
ramento.
» ♦ ■
CITY MAY LOSE A PARK
THROUGH INDIFFERENCE
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— The heirs of A. M.
Larue are seriously considering suing the
city for the return of Independence
Square in East Oakland. Twenty
peven years ago A. M. I^arue
deeded to the city of Oakland
two whole blocks for the purpose of
a public square. These two hloeks are
to-day In the same prestine condition as
they were when given to the city. The
understanding at the time of the making
of the deed was that the property should
be improved and used for the purposes for
which it was given. I T p to this timp the
city has made no effort to improve the
property and the heirs are seeking to
find out whether under the circumstances
the property should not revert to them.
In order to prevent such a public calamity
Councilman Rowe of East Oakland is
peeking to induce the Council to im
mediately appropriate $5000 for the im
provement of this long neglected prop
erty. Independence Square is on the si<!"
of a hill and one of the prettiest pieces
of property in East Oakland.
. ♦ .
Alameda News Notes
ALAMEDA. Aug. 17.— The marriage of
Miss Anna Koerber, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. A. Koerber, and Carl H. Edsen of
San Francisco was solemnized last even
ing at the residence of the bride's parents,
2100 Pacific avenue. Rev. A. Jatho of Oak
land officiated.
A baseball nine composed of members |
of Halcyon Parlor will cross bat a with
a team of ball tossers from Athens Par- j
lor of Oakland next Saturday afternoon.
W. A. Bissell, assistant manager of the
Santa Fe Railway, and family will occupy
their residence at Alameda avenue and
Union street about September 1.
Cards arc out announcing the coming
marriage of Miss Minnie Raftering to A.
H. Krietu. to take place Wednesday even
ing. September 6. at the Emanucl Luther
an Church, on Lafayette street.
A meeting of lodge committees to de
vise plans for the reception of the Ala
meda members of the First California
Volunteers was held in Foresters' Hall,
last evening. C. S. Robinson acted as
chairman and Arthur Mock was selected
as secretary. Another meeting will be
held next Saturday night at S o'clock, at
which time all societies and clubs of this
city are expected to have representatives
present. The following committee on halls
was appointed: Alameda Boat Club. C.
11. Smith: Pawnee Tribe, I. O. R. M.. H.
Stewart: Yosemite Council. D. of P.. Miss
11. Lsi Fou; Spruce Camp, W. O. \V.. F. R.
Roylo. .=- : ri>
:. : -. ■ ■» ■
Will Play Charity Ball.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 17.— 0n next Saturday I
afternoon th<- "Som Heads" and the
"Square Heads" will play a frame of b:i?e- i
ball for the benefit of the fund for the n>
ceptfon of the First California Volunteers.
The game will be played at the West End
cricket grounds, commencing at 3 o'clock
uharp.
Following is the line-up of the two
teams:
Kore Head-— Catcher. G. Goggin; pitcher,
G. Dinsmore; fist base. S. Bissell: second
base. C. Allen: third base, J. Robinson
shortstop, A. Groth: left Held, R. Robin
son: center field. McCurdy: right field
T. Pollard.
Square Heads— Catcher. G. Lamb: pitch
er, F. Hamma: first hase. F. Teller; Bee
ond base. H. Stelgc-r: third base, T Mur
dock; shortstop. C. Teller; left field, C.
Gibbs; center field, G. Searles; right field
H. Page.
I'mplre — J- R. Or.clarled.
■ » m
Had No Sights.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 17.— The new vehicle
light ordinance was enforced for the first
time last night. J. \V. Thornford. a nay
wards former, was the first victim. He '
was allowed to go on hi: own recogniz
ance. John Featherstone. a dairyman,
was also arrested for failing to have a
light on his vehicle. Featheratone depos
ited $5 bail and was allowed to depart.
I / Of THE • • )
UiwcmiaM
MUCH MYSTERY
ENVELOPS J. W.
WALTON'S DEATH
Remains Found Float
ing in the Bay.
NO EVIDENCE OF FOUL PLAY
AUTOPSY PHYSICIANS SAY HE
WAS DROWNED.
Coroner's Jury Could Not Decide
Whether It Was a Case of Sui
cide or Accidental
Death.
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— The waters of the
bay have given up another mystery whirh
has proved too deep for a Coroner's jury
to unravel, and the Indications point
somewhat to a muriW* preceded by rob
bery.
The remains of a man believed to be
John W. Walton, late of Albuquerque,
N. M.. were found floating in the hay
near Stewart's boathouse. West Oakland,
this morning by a young man named O.
Olsen. Coroner Mehrman was promptly
notified, and ueputy Coroner Joe Mcttell
removed the body to the morgue. It had
been necessary for the deputy to wade
into the water some distance to where the
body was pounding upon the rocks, and
the head and face of the dead man had
been badly bruised, but the features were
quite recognizable. From appearances
the body had not. been in the water long.
It whh that of a man of tine physique,
six feet in stature, full featured, with
rierk brown mustache, clothed in a suit
of black diagonal clothes in good con
dition.
In the pockets was found a wallet or
red leather containing a visiting certifi
cate from Fidelity Lodge. I. O. O. P., of
Gallup, N. M.. showing that John W.
Walton wns a member in good standing
on January 24. ISJ*9. and was entitled to
draw $7 a week sick benefits and $50 fun
eral expenses. There was another certifi
cate entitling the holder to obtain th«
password from any lodge he desired to
visit, also a receipt showing the subscrip
tion paid to the Dally Citizen, published
at Alhuquf rque. N. M.. and a bill of tare
of the steamship Corona, dated August
11. There was aiso found a new memo
randum book with morocco cover, hear
ing the address of "John W. Walton,
2131-2 West Railroad avenue, Albu
querque, N. M." Four nickels wen all
the money found.
Whether the man was murdered, com
mitted suicide or met death accidentally
the jury at the Inquest was unable to de
termine. Young O'.sen testified to the
discovery "1" the remains, and aside from
him the only witnesses were Deputy Cor
oners Mottell and Quillan and Dr. J. L.
Milton, who asserted positively that death
had been due to drowning. Wounds on
the dead man's hi'ad were declared super
ficial, and no broken bor.es had been noted
by the doctor, who had examined tha
corpse carefully. The jury accordingly
brought In a verdict of death by drown
ing, "but whether the result of suicidal
intent or from accident w* are unable to
determine from the evidence produced."
From the bill of fare found it Is evident
that the dead man had been a passenger
on the steamer Corona, and in view of the
absence of money or valuables the thc-ory
prevails that Walton, if it be he, was
robbed and thrown into the bay, while
others hold the opinion that the scarcity
of funds fortifies the suspicion that Wal
ton had become despondent from lack of
finances and ended his life. The Odd Fel
lows of this city have now taken tempo
rary charge of the remains, awaiting or
ders from the secretary of the New Mex
ico lodge as to its disposal.
Child Badly Scalded
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— The Infant son
of William Livingston was fright
fully scalded in a tub of boiling
water at the family residence <>i\
Ellis street, in Lorin. yesterday. Thi
mother was preparing the child's bath.
She had poured boiling water into the tub
on the floor and the child fell from a chair
elofce by. The little one's abdomen, right
arm and hands were seriously scalded and
Drs Oberg and Selfridge. who are attend
ing the case, are not very sanguine.
Lighting the County Road.
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— The committee
having in hand the proposition of light
ing the county road from this city to San
Lcnndro. and perhaps to Haywards, met
at the rrioms of the Merchants" Exchange
here to-night and reported favorably as
to its feasibility. But one bid was re
ceived, that of the Haywards Electric
Railway which corporation offers to fur
nish arc lights at $■» SO each per month.
Fay Is Loved in Durance Vile
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— A dismissal of the
divorce suit of Mrs. Laura Fay against
Cbarlefl H. Fay was entered to-day at th«
request of the wife, who declares now
that she does not want a legal separation.
Die suit was based on the grounds of
cruelty and failure to provide, and Mr.
Fay who Is a dairyman of Berkeley, is at
present serving a six months' sentence 1n
tin- County Jajl for beating his 14-year
old daughter
FIVE MILLIONS IN BONDS.
Standard Electric Company Author
izes an Immense Issue of Stock. ■>
The stockholders of the Standard Elec
tric Company have approved of the $5.0J0,
--000 bond issue. The bonds are to be 5 per
cent securities, paying interest semi an
nually.
Prince Poniatowski. president of trie
company; W. Frank Pierce of the Clue
Lakes Water Company, and W. R. Eckart
left Wednesday evening for the East for
the purpose of letting contracts for ma
chinery, pipes and all the pharaphernalia.
necessary for the carrying out of the
great enterprise they are promoting. The
company has now in the hills between
four and five hundred workmen engage!
In constructing dams, and this large force
will probably be greatly Increased when
the necessary ' supplies from the East
arrive.
1 The enterprise of the Standard Electrics
Company has already been published In
the columns of this paper. Briefly. It Is
an immense electric plant that has for it"?
object the supplying of all the electric
power needed in an • immense circuit
stretching from Blue Lakes in Alpine
County to the southern part of the State
and embracing in its scope" all the min
ing plants, towns and cities, Including
Stockton. Oakland. San Francisco a nil
San Jose, that lie within this immense
stretch of territory- . , ' » ■' . '
The company already has its service in
Stockton. It "expects to reach Oakland
next spring and San Francisco and San.
Jose a few months later.
« ♦ »
H. F. EMERIC'S FUNERAL
The funorpl of. Henry F. Emcric wilt
take place ° n Saturday afternoon at 2
p. m. from the hall of the B. P. O. Elks
on Butter rtreet, where the full service*
of the order will be held. The decease
will be cremated in the full dross uniform
of a lieutenant colonel Of the division
staff, N. G C. The division staff, tho
local cavalry troop of the National Guard
and the Oakland company of the Na
tional Guard will escort the remains to
the Odd Follows' Cemetery, wh;-re they
Will be cremated.
The Elks will be represented hv PaH
bearera W. J. Goleher and H. B, Tiopmer;
the division staff of the National Guard
by Colonel Thomas (Muff and Lieutenant
Colonel D. E. Miles The remaining pall
hearers will be four intfmate frirnriß of
the deceased, namely: Rudolph Hcrold,
W. C. Murdoch, \V. H. Alford and Frank
H. Gould.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
K33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£15 Larkln street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
IP4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until » o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
lucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. , _•_
Knights Templar, Masonic Temple. 'dp
Foet and Montgomery st?. — Regular rj
assembly THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, M
at 7:30 o'clock. Order of the Temple. V
' All fraters are cordially invited.
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN. Commander.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YIiRBA~BrE"NA Lodge of Perfection
No 1 Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) *W*
EVENING, at 8 o'clock Degree 4. 14
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. jgs^
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.. ■
Ms." • Temple — Officers and members _J%.
are notified to attend the funeral of 7_/T
our deceased brother, ADOLPH /V *
PACKSCHER. FRIDAY, August 18, at 9:30
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F. <£$£%£,
—Initiation THIS >_____=
EVENING, August IS. at > 5S5X*=5?
o'clock sharp. Odd Fellows' Hall. **»**
corner of Seventh .and Market sts. Visiting
members cordially Invited.
D. A. HODGHEAD, N. G.
W. F. NOItCROSS. Secretary.
TO welcome Company K. First Califor-iMi/A
nia Volunteers— There will be a meeting Jaifca-%
of the members of Company X u'or-_H_
merly Battery K. Second Artiiiery) at the Ar-
mory, 815 Ellin St.. on FRIDAY EVENING,
f. o'clock, for the purpose of assisting In the
reception to their old company on its return
from Manila. Members end ex-members are
cordially Invited to attend.
REGULAR meeting of the Cal»- _ _? v.
d.mlan Club ■IS EVENING, at 3, CBlJj
v o'clock at Scottish Hall 117 Lar- tVX«
kin st. < *^[3»S
ANGUS Mi LEI Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary. ]__
ST. ANDREWS Society will cele- _ 57 >.
brate the 12Sth anniversary of the 3\ uuj
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT by _kX_»
a concert and dance on the evening 1 *
of FRIDAY, August 13. at Scottish Hall, 107
Larkln st. Admission 25c.
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary.
THE committee appointed by the BUbor- v <v <»,
din;,: lodges of the A. O. U. W. to^jsj*L£
receive the members of the order be-ti*"JK5
longing to the California Regiment v are £*5S5v
rc-tjuested to meet SUNDAY. August 20, in
Shlels buildint. 32 O'Farrell st., at 2 o'clock
sharp. E. DANFORTH. D. G. M.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
Ft. on WEDNESDAY. Aueust 23, 18», at
$:30 p. m.. for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before It. Transfer
books will close Friday. Aug. 18, at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD, 10] Cal. St., designs, audits &
• d.iuMs accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ASTROLOGY.
PROFESSOR ROAF of Boston, astrologer and
occultist; horoscopes, etc. 34 Sixth St. •-■'-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing-. E25-8&5 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; es-taies. mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE fro-; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market st., room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorn^ys-at-Law. Emma
. Spreckels Building, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 827
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
VAN NESS AVK., 1714— Can accommodate a
family of four In a Belect boarding-house with
an elegant large front suite. including bath;
also slnglp and double rooms; everything new;
\ board the best; home comfort; location choice;
references.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class; 1714
Market st., 9. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
ruites without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
Mr; special rates by month, also to tourists.
FRUITVALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
■ Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvale ay.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
LAS PALM AS. IS2O Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4: private; bath; board op.
OFAKKELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
JEWELL, 303 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Fq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant, makes advances at
lowest ratos on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARD AXD ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— family of S adults rooms and
board within 10 or 15 minutes' walk of Call
building; must be first-class and price rea-
sonable. Address box 1359. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
.WANTED — 1 or 2 children to board; good
' home. 306 Bartlett fit.
BOOKS — AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission at., near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J6SO— SALOON: elegant furniture; dally re-
ceipts $1S; rent $50: close to Chronicle. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— SISOO— CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; establish-
ed years; full value In Eight; all cash trade.
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s7s0 T -CORNER grocery and 'bar In Western
Addition; splendid business; first-class pay-
Ing; sickness of owner causes a bargain.
WILKE. 506 Market st.
A PARTNER with $1200 wanted In old-estab-
-1 lished country grocery store and bar: lively
manufacturing town; 15 miles from city. R.
G. WILKE. ?06 Market st.
A JSOO— NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
•first-class paying: Including stock of periodi-
cals, store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms.
Call R. G. WILKE. 90€ Market. St.
CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE. 90S Market.
A— $500: PARTNER wanted In pork and sau-
sage factory: knowledge of business not nec-
essary; only good lively man wanted to at-
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 906
Market st
A— s26so; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and bar on Eddy st. ; a splendid location and
first-class paying; stock will invoice the price;
living rooms; horse and wagon; denth In fam-
ily only cause of sale. WILKE, 906 Market.
$300 — GROCERY and bar; best part residence
district south Market: good stock, fixtures,
etc.; trial riven. M. LESS, 765 Market si.
J3OO— BAKERY for sale; north of Market; estab-
lished 11 years; greatest bargain of its kind;
sickness cause sale. M. Lest A Co., 7*5 Mrkt.
JI2S— FRUIT, vegetable and dairy produce sure
across the bay; neat stand; splendid businebs;
°Al offer; don miss it. M. LESS. 765 Mark--..
$500— CORNER grocery and bar; best part Ml«-
Blon; old established; bin bar trade; 3 rooms.
Including furniture; seller owns property;
care* more for good tenant than money. M.
' LESS. 766 Market st.
A— S2OO— LADY partner wanted by lady In old-
est, paying restaurant; principal st. city; meals
25c up; trial given, M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$000— BRANCH bakery, notions, confectionery:
receipts $20 day: close to large school; large
stock: rent $16; 4 mis. and bath: ..levant busi-
ness chance; see it. JONEB & CO., MS Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT, near Market; must be sold
this day. * See COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
!'2O RES choice coast land to exchange;
what have you? COWING & CO., 995 Market.
$3500 : WORLTH $7000. '
Lot • 100x200, corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., in Fitchburg: new building, contain-
- ir.sr store, saloon. 7 rooms, all Improvements;
In perfect order; fine garden: Htable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
port: must be sold: account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. <"LUNDT; San Lean-
o dro electric car passes door.
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash -business;
no opposition; refrigerator and smokehouse;
sickness cause for soiling; a bargain; no
agent. Box 1396, Call office. .■,., .; ; •
1260— BEST cigar store in the city for the
money; fine location. BECK, 935 Market st.
liimm>s CHANCES— Continued.
TINNERS and plumbers, attention; business
for sale: established over IS years; set of tin-
ners' and plumbers' tools, with small stock
of shelf goods; man can get good-paying
business for 1350: banner crop in county this
year. Address T. PATTISON, box 21, . San
Luis Oblspo.
PARTIES to Join In Incorporating company on
rich oil land adjoining producing oil wells;
patented land; small capital only. Box 1235,
Call. « ■
STATIONERY, bakery and notion store; rea-
sonable terms. Apply cor. O'Farrell & Hyde.
FOR — Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
TO let— Lunch counter. Apply 236 Third st.
FOR sale Good saloon with 3 living room*.
2938 Sixteenth St.. corner of Capp.
FOR SALE— Branch bakery and candy and no-
tions store; on account of sickness. 213V4
Fourteenth St., cor. Natoma, city.
PARTNER wanted— Rooming-house, 48 rms.;
421 Bush. opp. Calif. Theater. 1-3 p. m. to-day.
FOR sale- -A good home bakery; particulars at
SSSS Market St., near Sixteenth. J. McElllfrott.
CIGAR and stationery store: receipts $50 day:
long lease: low rent. 256 Third st.
SALOON— Bargain; fixtures alone 'worth price
asked; fine location; good living easily made;
full Investigation given: sickness necessitates
sale. I. O. O. F. bldg., 12 7th. opp. New P. O.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Painter and general all-round man.
not afraid of work, as partner In established
business; no money necessary. Call or ad-
dress E, 2137 Dwlght way, Berkeley, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for Hale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticular? Inquire at this office.
BECK _ CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy, ?#ll and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Mnrket st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 110«
Lnrkin st., bet 8 and 10 a. m.
LIFE Insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
olson. Atty & Financial Agt.Hackmeler Hotel.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any. kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNIBON. 753«.j Market st.
FOR sale— Meat market, established 10 years.
2708 Mission.
PARTNER— Or will sell out wood and coal
business. Box 1072. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— Meat market: $250: splendid lo-
rnlitv: cash business. Apply owner. iM Castro.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. FGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St. _
ion SETS eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom et.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 853-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
452 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel Main 394. OE.- J. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
it.; cleaning. 3c per yard ; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLiN'S Carpet-beHtlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate bva. : tPI. Fust 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory-. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLAR_.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will • 'veal every
hidden mystery; s. c will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals: tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023% Market st.. near Sixth. Always consult
the best
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 2'.e and up: satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight- diagnoses disease: full life readings;
•ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth et.. rooms 2-3.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley tells your life from
cradle to grave,soe,sl up.106 Taylor, parlors 3-5.
MMi: HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 12.
A— MOO, 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c up. 6 Fourth St.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay: 23c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
bnrd'P picture. 25c: la?t*« -"14 O'Ftt°'l nt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
Iphf successful. Room 51". 927 Market s'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; newly reno-
vated; modern; Presidio Heights, 405 Laurel
st. MADISON & BURKE.
COTTAGE, 3 sunny rooms. 536 Ivy aye.
TENEMENT, 4 rooms, new, fine basement.
17 Roscoe. off Crescent aye. Mission cars.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. a HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market et.. over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform ; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: ths best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 60 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. PYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to th«
gums and th» nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 56c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT r the~ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood 1 Idg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 E0 up; pistes extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to in p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144S Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
• perators: no students. 997 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
yOUNQ, Wl Polk st.
MEYER. 6 Turk; Deutscher Ztehnarzt: crown
and bridge w >rk: open Sundays. 9 tn 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, t.o up; crowns.
«:; i't-.- nt.en eveninr-« B'H V-'-»l "t
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
Post st.
S. F. DRESSMAKING School: practical meth-
ods: terms reasonable. 104 Kearny St.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
fctudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free. •
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand. typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $60; catalogue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— HOPF'S binginr, Piano School; summer
rates "H; French, Spanish dally. Merc. Li-
brary, ISO Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ln« mech survey, aasay.archl. ; day and eve.;
est.' 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, §33 Market.
A~~LADY teaches, piano n-.andolin thoroughly;
60c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 120" Octavla.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 jiarkt.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish arfd
English, competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln at., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehi-man. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons. 7Sc. 320 Golden Gate aye.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand: pupils by mail. S"2 Montgomery.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. 8. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmeticgrammar, writ ing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. Bth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Slitter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. SO C,,--arv st : tel. '".rant 7A
EMI'LOYMENT WASTED — Female.
NEAT young Rlrl desires situation aa nurse,
housework or second girl; city or country.
D. CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country-. MISS D. CUL-
LEN. 32r. Sutter st.
cw UMAX K'.rl from the East wishes position
fur genera] housework and plain i>rman i
coking; washing no objection. 930 Montgom-
ery st. _____
GERMAN girl would like position to do wash-
ing and hiiusecleanlns for Tuesday and
Thursday; Si l» per day. 216% Polk. In rear.
y. mis ifirl wishes situation, general
housework plain cooking; small family; best
Of refs ; Sis t » $:■"■ s T:i Hryant st.
WANTED Position by competent stenographer j
and typewriter In law office; best of refer-
ences. Address brae U'M. Call.
RELIABLE woman will do general housework, j
cook, wash and Iron; has the best city ref-
erence; wages $15. Box 1377, Call.
COMPETENT German cook wishes position;
private family. Call 11 William St.. off O'Far-
rell, near Jones.
YOUNG German girl wishes to take care of
children. Call at 1540' v Howard rt.
L.U'Y w.'iild like a position in furrier shop;
had experience. Address 1220 Fol6om St.
WANTED- Situation by a reliable woman to
do general housework. Address 445 First St.
A NEAT, thoroughly reliable person seeks po-
sition for general housework with privileges
Of practicing on piano; understands all du-
t'°s of a home; much experience with chil-
dren; mention wage*. Address _, 2026 Mis-
sion st.
YOI NQ girl would like to take care of one
child; must be a year old. Please call at
PIUm Harrison St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
YOUNG woman (speaks Spanish and English) ;
wants place as upstairs girl.- 555 Fourth St.
NEAT young Swedish girl wants place to do
second or general housework. Call at 626
Howard st.;'no postals; American family pre-
ferred.
NEAT, reliable girl wants situation with pri-
vate family as chambermaid and seamstress.
Address L! 8.. 913 East Fifteenth st., East
Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young lady would like posi-
tion as chambermaid. Call or address 1416
Harrison st.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. ir> Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to Jl 50 night; ?1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baccnge to and from f prry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best Kelp. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. K.Jt 4M.
SITUATION by married man as manager or
foreman of dairy, stock, vineyard or grain !
ranch: thi. roughly competent of taking full !
charge of either; best of references; strictly ■
sober and reliable. Address J. IL. 1605
Stockton St., room 18.
INDUSTRIOUS young German desires steady
position as Janitor of some institution or aa
(■hiircman for a private place: best of recom-
mendations In this line. Address box 1399.
fall.
BTEADY reliable middle-aged man wants a
situation to take care of horses, cows and
poultry and do some garden work; object
steady employment. Address b"X 1389. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS practical gardener In all
branches wishes a situation on large private
place; first-class references. W. H., 837 How-
ard st.
YOUNG man, 2S years old, first-class salesman,
speaking Spanish, Herman and English, with
Al references, wants employment. Box 1395,
Ca 1 1.
ELDERLY' gentleman desires soft job; chare* j
of land property, secretary, any literary
■nr.rk in English or German. A. li.. box OSH3,
Call.
I>i:i'U clerk wants employment evenings after
4 p. m. until midnight If necessary: nlso Sat-
urday and Sunday. Address box 1286. Call.
FIRST-CLASB coachman would like a situation
in private family from 3 or * weeks. Box 12«4,
Call.
HOUSE painter wants work by the day: will
work cheap. Address J. H., 112 Eighth St.
NOTlCE— Barber wants steady Job evenings,
Saturday and Sunday. Box 1280, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class traveling
salesman, 27 years old; Central America, Eu-
rope and China; speaks English. German,
Spanish and French; prime references. Ad-
dress box 1202. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
underntands the care of fine horsea, cows,
garden "work. Is handy with tools and has
porter experience, desires position. Box 12U5,
Call.
WANTED — Situation by a young man; best of
references; p.osltion as bookkeeper or any
kind of office work; wages no object If chance
for advancement. Address 8., 4 California
St., room 14.
ALL-ROUND engineer wants position, city or
country; accustomed to mining, milling and
amalgamating; all repairing; also handling
of men. Box 143.1. Call.
PRACTICAL aasayer and all-round miner
wants position; can set up and run any free
milling machinery; accustomed to the charge
of men: reference. Box 1382, Call.
POSITION by a young man who thoroughly un-
derstands mall and express shipping; 7 years'
experience with an Eastern mall order house;
references. Address box 1207, Call.
YOUNG man with 6 years experience wants
position as bookkeeper or grocery clerk. Ad-
dresß box 1276, Call Offlc". __.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as school boy;
speaks good English. SHIGEDOMI. 1606 Jones.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
WANTED — Ily young man, window or house-
cleaning; ail kinds of walls and wallpaper
cleaned or other work. ANDERSEN, 952
Bush St., tel. Last 963.
CIVIL engineer, surveyor and draughtsman,
with first-class Meld and office outfit, would
like an engagement with contractor. Address
t«ix 1."97. Call office.
YOUNG Englishman of good appearance and
avrage business education, seeks position;
trustworthy and steady. I. WITTY. Hotel
Robinson, 1049 A Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
FOR weak eyes and poor Bight use Mayerle's
glasses; they rest the eye, relieve muscular
strain and preserve the sight. GEORGE
MAYERLE. German expert optician, 1071H
Market rt., San Francisco. German eye
water by mail. 50c.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin st., nr. Golden Gate.
EDDY. 525-A Ktrictly first-class lower fiat. 7
rooms and bath; rent (with water),- $25, no
less; richly worth $30.
FLAT 3 large rooms; 29 Rlngold St., bet. Bth
and 9th, Folsom and Harrison; $S.
FLAT hunting made easy with the j>rlnted
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME corner flat, 6 rooms and bath;
newly papered. Corner McAllister and Brod-
erlck; rent $20.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; gas;
bath; rent $16.
NEW flat, 6 rooms, bath; 119 William St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Apply at 729 Ellis st.
NINTH, 502— A corner hay-window flat of 5
rooms and bath; rent cheap.
SHOTWELL, 608, near Twentieth— sl2; four
large sunny rooms and bath.
THIRD, 417V4— Latest Improved flats; Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing: both double bay-window sunny suits.
VALLEJO. 1611—1 Flat six rooms and bath, or
i will rent whole house; fine marine view.
FLATS TO LET.
4 ROOMS, yard. 17 Hampton place, off Fol-
som st., bet. Second and Thlrd^
2 FLATS; upper and lower;^ent $7 and $7 60.
244 and 256 Harriet St.. bet. Harrison and Bry-
ant. Sixth and Seventh.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels^carpets. laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
SECONDHAND— Highest cash price paid. 859
Mission.
HELP WANTED Agcnti.
WANTED— Canvassers and agents for novel-
tles. 2^Va Geary St.. room 6.
HELP WANTED — Female.
WANTED— 3 second girls, cook, wash and iron,
American families, $25, $30: Protestant girl,
general housework, 3 in family, Berkeley, fare
paid; girls for housework, Belvedere, $2o;
Alameda, $25; Oakland, $25; Berkeley, J2o;
Napa, $20; Madera County, $20. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st^
WANTED — Cashier for restaurant, $25; second
girl and seamstress, $20; 3 German second
girls and seamstresses, $2fl; German nursery
governess, ;20: a large number of girls for
general housework in German and American |
families at $15, $20, $25, too numerous to ad-
vertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO..
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook, small country hotel, $30, fare
paid; cook and waitress, same hotel, country,
$25 and $20, fare paid; 2 laundresses, private
iHmllies, country, $3U; kitchen helper, $20; 2
waitresses, springs, $20; 3 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels, |20; 6 waitresses, restaurants,
$6 a week; 4 waitresses, city boarding houses,
$20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head waitress for first-class cafe, In country,
$30; head waitress, city. $25; 3 waitresses,
city, $20: 2 chambermaids to wait, best city-
hotels, $20; 12 waitresses for first-class com-
mercial hotels, country. $20: chambermaid,
country, $20; S extra waitresses. Santa Cruz,
$1 day and free fare both ways; 2 wuman
cooks, $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
40 competent girls and women as cooks, s»c-
ond girls, nurseglrls, etc., city and country,
$15 to ?25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— 3 BOARDING-HOUSE cooks, $35, $30 and
$25. D. CULLEN, 325 gutter st.
A— HOUSEWORK, Stanford University. $25.
email family; Eureka, $25, 4 In family; Boul-
der Creek, $25, 3 In family; Stockton, $25. D.
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A— HOUSEWORK girl and sleep home, $15; girl
to assist in bakery and housework, $15. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st^
FRENCH maid and seamstress. $20 per month;
city. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutterjit.
WANTED- Girl for general housework in Oak-
land; must be good cook; two In family,
wages $25; first-class references required; an-
swer stating nationality. L.x 1279, Call.
CAKE-WALKING couples wanted. Apply at
the Olympia to-day between 12 and 2; good
compensation.
GOOD seamstress; one with experience at al-
terations on cloaks and suits; must be quick
and competent. Apply room 4. 231 Post St.
YOUNG woman to take care of child; year and
a half of age; references p-qulred. Call 1810
Gough, Friday _r Saturday, before noon.
YouNG girl to take care of Infant; must un-
derstand sewing; wages $12 to $15. 2230 Pa-
cific aye.
WANTED— A refined French girl for upstairs
work in small family. Cail after Ip. m. 2026
California st.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady women's and
children's wear. MARKS BROS., 106 Sixth.
WANTED— Ladies to do clerical work; state
salary expected. Address bojl 1201, Call office.
GERMAN girl tor light housework; wages $10.
Apply 404 Fourteenth -i
HELP wanted at dressmaking. 325 Franklin
street.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
baby. M.'. I'ine St., neßr Powell.
WANTED Seamstress who understands dress-
making; also .apprentice. 6068 ShotwelL st.
QIRL tor liHl't housework Call 12 m.. 424 Du-
pont Tst.
GIRL. German speaking, for housework. 1053
Market st.
GOOD all-around cook at 1221 Market St.; call
early.
WOMAN or girl accustomed to children; small
family. 625 Third St., Oakland.
DINING-ROOM girl at 1024 Hyde bL
LADY bari>ers wanted; $10 per week; steady
work. Appi> 7:r> Vis-- ion st.
WANTED— Young girl for housework and bak-
ery. 350 Duncan St.. bet. 27th ?ind 2Sth.
WANTED— GirI for penernl housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., cor.» Capp, after 9 a. m.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st.. bet.
Tblro and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED panners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Branna— St.. between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— JOO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
OPERATORS on shirts: a few apprentices
taken LEVI STRAUS3 St. CO.. 36V4 Fremont
st. : take elevator.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
WANTED -Young girl to take car* of a child;
$5 per month. Call at 1009 Larkin St., bet.
9 and 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; also appren-
tice; steady work. 354 Geary «t.
FINISHERS, also operators, on custom-made
coats. 304 Tehama pt.
WOMAN to do housework; references. Call
between 12 and J, 1321 California st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
BTRAUBB & CO.. 3BH Fremont st.
HELP WASTED — Male.
COOK, $50 and room; dishwasher, $25; both for
a small country restaurant; assistant cook,
who can open oysters and cut meat, small
place, near city; cook, $40: cook. country
restaurant. $10 a week; night cook, country
restaurant. $10 a week; cook, $7 a week;
kitchen hands. $30, $25, $20 a month and $6,
$6 and $4 a week.
Italian waiter, country restaurant, $35 and
room; waiter, hotel, $30; waiter, $8 a week.
Omnibus for a first-class country hotel, $25
and free fare.
Butcher, restaurant, $35; butcher's helper,
restaurant, $30; butcher, country shop, $30 and
found.
Tyler Ironer, country, $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Teamsterp, laborers and tunnelmen for the
coast railroad, wages, $1 75 to $2 75 a day.
4 stonemasons, $3 50 a day: 10 masons' help-
ers, $2 to $2 50 a day, free fare:
Blacksmith's helper, $2 25 a day; carpen-
ter, $1 50 a day and found, free fare.
VALLEY ROAD
Free fare, 3 scraper loaders, $2 15 a day;
4 plow holders, $2 15 a day; teamsters, $2
a day.
20 four-horse teamsters, $2 a day, board
$4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
20~FRUIT PICKERS
$1 a day and found, ship to-day, for Yolo
County.
20 fruit pickers for Butte County.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, city, $2 to $2 50 a day; black-
smith's helper. $2 25 a day, near city; black-
smith's helper, ranch, $35 and found; black-
smith, railroad camp, $2 25 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
TIMEKEEPER and tend store for a railroad
camp, $35 and found; long Job. C. R. HAN-
SEN, 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Young engineer and machinist-
blacksmith. $2 to $2 25 day; blacksmith's
h<lper, $1 50 day and board; stableman, $25
and found; man and wife to care for gentle-
man's place, $30; sheep herder, $20 and found;
miner, $40 and board and increase; 20 hop
pickers, 80c per 100; 100 laborers for different
kinds of work, $1 75 to $2 40 day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — We want during- the next ten days
60 men at $2 per day, to drive scraper teams,
board $4 50 week, and first-class board, long
Job. new work; now is the time to call and
secure this situation before It is too late. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife, $55; restaurant first
and second cook, $60; hotel second cook. $30;
restaurant cook, $9 week; dishwashers, wait-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
SECOND cook, $75; second cook, $30; dishwash-
er, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery
st., room 12. J
HELP WANTED — Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day from 7a. m...... ••••
MINES MINES MINES
39 laborers, no experience- required, $57 per
month, with board and lodgings; 5 miners.
$2 50 a day; 3 firemen for a mine *W
TO FARMS. DAIRIES HARVEST
93 steady farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
$35, $30, $26 and found per month
IS milkers, good Jobs $30, $25 and found
•coachmen and gardeners $25, $20 and found
9 stablemen, $35, $40, $30, $25 and found
$45 and found, strong men to work as deck-
hands, no experience required, boss at our
office, $45 and found
295 woodchoppers.. ..". 361 tiemakers
tools and food found, fare paid. $2 to $1 cord,
• 12c each
help wanted for factories and manufacturing
companies, etc., $35, $30, $26 and found and $2
a day ,
cabinet-makers boxmakers. fruit
drillers and hammers men, free fare, $3 day..
MARRIED
6 farmers and wives ....3 cooks and wives
4 milkers and wives, $55, $45. $35 and found..
HERE'S A GOOD JOB. 50c fare
12 laborers for a farm, no teaming $60
mlllmen, woodmen .$55 to $75
12 section railroad laborers $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
$30 AND fd... ..FRUIT PICKERS.... S3O and fd.
124 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
etc., work In packing and drying houses, etc.,
90 days' work, $30 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES. .WE SHIP TO-DAY
to 33 sawmills and woods in California 136
laborers (no experience required) to do any
class of work, learn to run machines, etc..
pile lumber, wheel sawdust., etc., $26 to $40
per month and found
Also crosscut sawyers, screw turners
..: Tree fellers, bark peelers, shingle bolt
makers, setters, head donkey men, wood
turners, shingle sawyers, mill bench
hands. Joiners, shingle packers, etc.;
wages $00. $SO. $75, $70, $65, $60. $50, $40, $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
To every railroad In California but one (the
one we don't ship to is the coast railroad),
drillers, hammersmen, laborers and team-
sters, $3 day. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
634 Clay st.
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
12 carpenters. Government" work, free fare, $3
day; 3 ranch carpenters. $2.10 day and found;
3 rough carpenters, city Job, $2 75, $2 50 day:
4 blacksmiths, see boss here .....$3 day
12 blacksmiths, different places, $2 50. $2 day,
$55, $45, $3.1 and $30 and found "■••
$3 76day.. BOILERMAKER, country.. s3 75 day
SANDSTONE CUTTERS, $5 day; STONE-
MASONS, $3 50 day; WAOONMAKERS, $78;
CARRIAGE PAINTER, $60
MURRAY & READY, 634-G36 Clay St.
$3 60 DAY HAY BALERS..... $3 50 DAY
25 hay harvest hands, $2, $1 60, $1 25 day and
board; long, good jobs
17 choremen and boys for farms, factories,
stores, learn trades, stables, etc., $30, $26, $2.i,
$20. $15, $10 and found; also by the day and
week ;-.
BIG WAGES •
195 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. Including In San Francisco, $3,
$2 50. $2 day and $30. $26 per month and found.
14 teamsters, four horses $60
• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT BUTCHERS BAKERS
27 cooks $55, $50, $4.'., $30. $25 and found
34 waiters $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
M dishwashers $2.1, $20, $15 and found
D waiters for mines, camps $30 and $2j
PORTERS. BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS,
SHOEMAKERS. JANITORS. BEDMAKERS.
6 second, 5 third. 2 first hand bakers; 3 boys
to 1earn.... 540, $35. $30, $23, $20. $15 and found
12....LAUNDRYMEN, $35, $30. $26 and found
3 butchers, boss at office to-day, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S if flee, 316 Stockton st— Extra cook,
$£ 50 day; broiler, country hotel. $40; second
and third cook for steamer, $50 and $35:
butcher, $40; kitchen hand, $25; farmer and
wife, $50: 2 gardeners. $20.
AN active man, not over 35, with experience
as a bookkeeper and clerk In general mer-
chandise store, can secure a similar place in
country: $40 cash required; wages $35 and
found; permanent. Address box 1252, Call.
WANTED— 2 reliable cooks to take charge of
good restaura-' In Nevada: small capital re-
quired. Inquire W. J. BELL, room 247,
Golden West Hotel, at 12 o'clock Friday and
Saturday.
WANTED— An experienced sales person In art
department by lafge dry goods house; prefer
one with experience as department head;
state age, experience, references and salary.
Apply box. 1291. Call office.
WANTED— An experienced notion »and trim-
ming sales person by large dry goods house;
prefer one with experience as department
head; state age, experience, references and
salary. Apply box 1254. Call office.
ENGINEER who- can do repairing and under-
stands electricity «nd elevators, etc., for a
hotel plant; applicants must state previous
experience and age. Box 1253, Call.
DYER and cleaner wanted at Model Steam Dye
Works. Address corner Mercer st. and West
Lake aye.. Seattle; none but the best need
apply.
AN all-round steam laundryman. Address
Vacaville Steam Laundry, Vacavllle, or at
62 Jackson st., Saturday, after 4 p. m.
CAKE-WALKING couples wanted. Apply at
the Olympia between 12 and 2; good compen-
sation.
BRIGHT youth for porter and waiter work;
Danish preferred. Call after 9 o'clock, 624
Post st.
WANTED— An experienced, handy man In a
furniture store; single man preferred. 833
Broadway, Oakland.
BARBER wanted for Saturday: good wages;
Steady if desired. 763 Minna st.
GOOD barber for Friday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 196 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday." 504
Valencia st.
WANTED— Bootblack. 64 Third st.
BOY wanted to black boots. HOT California st.
GOOD bootblack wanted at 1048 McAllister st.;
young man preferred.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
W.ANTED — First-class sheetlron worker and
tinsmith. 110 Steuart st.
GOOD restaurant waiter wanted at 907 Kearny
street.
HANDY young men for lime work to-day. 126
. O'Farrell st.
BOYS from 14 to IS years. Apply at 246 Sutter
»t., room 14.
BOY wanted; must be strong. 174 Townsend
street.
CARPENTER to rent small shop, paying rent
in work for owner. 31 Zoe st., near Bryant
and Third. ■
TEN men In city, long Job, good pay; send
address on stamped envelope for reply. Box
1204, Call. •
WELL-EDUCATED boy, IB to 17, to learn
architecture. Room 44, Thurlow block. v
WANTED— carpenters. Apply at b6O bran-
nan st. for pass; only first-class men need
apply.
TAILOR wanted on custom coats. Room 623,
927 Market st.
CARRIAGE painter wanted corner Twenty-
third and Bartlett st. - ■
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — 3 solicitors to work on wagon; also
man to act as wagon boss. 156 Fifth st.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber School. 138 Eighth st.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. 662 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
500 MEN— Call to-day: get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 604-506 Davis at.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Brrnp '*» San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2; board $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— borers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House 217 Third st. ; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per, week. ".-
WANTED— One hundred an* fifty men on gr.'.C-
In for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Tnickee.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
GENT'S lino calf shoes to order, $2.10 up; sole-
Ing. 30c up; heeling.. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th r tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. - ■ ■ ■ . ■ . .
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. : free Bhnvlng In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 19c. 15c and 25c
per night. Linden. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 2oc per night; '7oc $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863H Market' ft.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ;
HELP WASTED — Male.
WANTED— Groom for j stock farm, near city,
$20 and found. W. P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED— PIain waiter for institution, near
city $15 per month with board, lodging and
washing. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— foremen for scraper gang,
near city, $3 per day; 20 scraper teamsters for
irrigation ditch, near city. $2 per day, long
Job and reduced fare, see party at our office;
4 laborers about mine. $2 per. day; 2 rouzh
carpenters for mine, $2 per day; 3 milkers. $-0
and $23 per month: blacksmith, near city, i.
to $2 50 per day: night cook, small restaurant,
near city, $25. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
"bus and baggage to and from the c rry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, burgle*,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse . .rket.
127 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLB. Auctioneer*
200 HEAP fine dairy milch cows for sale. Ap-
ply at 241 Seventh St.. S. F.
FANCY carriage, saddle nnd road horses. PAL-
-7TTSL'. VPfpWnarv riertist. *"* Pol »n Oat".
HORSES WANTED.
WANT-ED— Good road horse about 5 years old;
15% hands high: 3 minute speed. Apply DX.
ABORN, 654 Sutter st.
HOUSES — For Sale.
R. H~ WINSTON ft CO.. MARKET ST.
IS rooms: rent 40; must sell Monday.... $200
2S rooms: rent $50: always full 750
47 rooms; cor.; rent $75: snap; see It 12a0
$700-27 ROOMS; all rented; Market st. ; cen-
tral; $400 cash; bal. time. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to cell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new buyers dally.
$300— SNAP; 24-room house; all rented; near
Market st!; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FOR quick sale of your lodging house or furni-
ture or tc buy lodging houses cheap, call
room 2. 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
$750— HOUSE 17 rms.. nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled ; estate. T. J. KELLEY, 437 Parrott bdg.
' $100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, sliver,
sealskins, pianos, trims. HARRIS. '■'■ Grant.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY house of 6 rooms and bath; west side
Washington St.. near Larkln. Key at 1621
Washington St. ;
TWO fine houses In splendid condition, 3356 and
3392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
I THREE-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable; 1R29 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
41114 California st.
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
BIRCH AYE., 5, off Larkin— l rooms and bath;
nicely furnished
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, 825
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
DIAMOND and Turquoise cluster earnings lost
on Kearny St., between Bush and Butter, by a
boy delivering to owner. Please return to A.
MATHIEU, Jeweler, 328 Bush st., and receive
liberal reward.
LOST— Alcazar Theater, Wednesday night,
pearl-handled umbrella, 202 Turk st. ; reward.
LOST. JuIy 23.— Black cocker spaniel pup, 2
months old. '1313 Larkln; reward.
LOST— Cat: Maltese; leather collar, two bells.
Return 3346 Washington Ft. ; reward $2 50.
TAKEN from Jackson st. wharf, gray horse,
right eye sore; 2 hind feet cracked; and
wagon, 1379. Return to L. LUCHETTI, 130
Fifth St.; reward.
LOST— parrot. Reward at 239 Guerrero
street.
LOST— Brown purse on cemetery line. Receive
reward at 141 Twenty-seventh st.
MEDICAL.
I A TREATMENT that never falls to restore
instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice, $5 positively; no Instruments used; safii
and sure; cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to sp. m., 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 9to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find In her a true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
end confidential; home treatment. J5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
' Eddy st. bet Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; 'travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments l ed; cure at of-
fice Si- home In confinement: skillful medical
attention: nil can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
THE only place for ladles to consult In all
cases of female complaints: best male expert
ptysiclan* we guarantee absolute success at
once; no pain or after effects; we have never
a single failure; we treat by the latest scien-
tific methods: positively no instruments: self-
cure $5. guaranteed; nice private home; sep-
■ arate rooms in confinement: best of care;
kind assistance for the unfortunate: price
reasonable. The Pacific Coast Sanitarium,
office 1206 Market st.
MRS DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints: private home
in confinement; every comfort: infants aiopt-
ed* best of care and medical attention: In-
stant relief for travelers: all those who are
elck or discouraged should call: they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure, 15: can be used at home.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davtes.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
m years' practice; safe and cuick cure guar-
anteed- any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind symr.--thy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc bal es adopted: travelers treated; no de-
i, v ': self-cure sent; call or write; free:, confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St..
pills, $1: very strong. 12. .
IMPORTANT— A great pi-ogress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
! cause- every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once- safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In one day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free- ladies' , physician, nractice 27 years.
DR. 'POPPER. 318 Kearny st. i
A— DR. G W. O'DONNKLL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
falls to cure: consult him .Irst. save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 102.-? Vi Market Ft.
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 7G4-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe. sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment. MRS. ALLEN, 22B Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 SO;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. AND MRS. SI I V. 215»,4 Mason Ft.—
Private home In confinement; ladles' friend
■ In trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced.
NICE private home to confinement at the most
reasonable price 4n the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife; infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. -62" Eddy: phon? Hyde 2553.
DU PRAES Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; 11 per box. RICH-
ARDS A- CO.. dnieeists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
8100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. -
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 15S Second st.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, ' treats all dis-
eases of the human My. US Mason ft..
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, ■ coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
. hand.- J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth. • . ..>
BARS, counters, showcases. ~< shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
FOR sale — 25 horse-power engine and boiler
complete; now in use at Penniston's S. F.
Plating works. 655 Mission st. r
PURE distilled water ice, Jo Do »>er ton car-
loads f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers*
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St.. S. F.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new cheap for cash or installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st.
ANOTHER fine typewriter cheap ; get sample
of work. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Mont-
gomery st. :
A LOVELY diamond and turquoise ring: price
$40; worth $75. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
GENUINE diamond collar button for $11; coat
originally $27 50. , UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
DESKS office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
FOR sale— 2 First-class tickets to Omaha, Neb.
Address MARSHAL, 516 Ellis st.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separata
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
In. gas engine: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SAFES— New and second hand. , THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P. Golden Gate ear engine; perfect order;
complete: must sell. EPSTEIN. 648 Mission.
A— s3 i'O DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suit. $» 75: pants, i 2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand ail
sizes- hair original cost. 109-131 Market, B*. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— I or 2 windows or room exclusively
for parade of California Volunteers; state
terms. Box 1400, Call.
WANTED— hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us first:
i you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bkler.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 84
and 2*l mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 5.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. MR Market St.: telephone Main 1R44.
Ai.'T amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONF.LLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRKT.L. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50 000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYPEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. IK McAllister ?t.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without fndnrser. TOUST.KY. 592 Parrott hdg.
IF your property is mortgaged and 'you need
more money <">* If. MURPHY. 1"" Market -t. -
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling ,_ .od upright pianos for J8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are th*
same, as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good plnnos fur $3. $4 and
»5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and ' Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices .owest; every-
thing possible do -■.» to please and catisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS! P.argains!— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market st.. and see, another lot
good Standard uprights; very cheap f"r cash^
A NUMBER of K<>od second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MATTVAIS'. 7fi9 Market st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano rot you to buy;
bountiful new style. MAI'VAIS'. 789 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMIT7.'. 1« ""<~Allister. next HibJrnla Bank.
A— sBs- UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hnrnung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hnrnung Bros.' pianos 21fi McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $«'•> up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (alow.d <>n saiei Hein\ 13-" El:l»
SOIIMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
■WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
W O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A PRACTICALLY new Steinway Upright sac-
rificed. Room 12, Flood building.
KNABE pianos: -ew scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLHR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham olace.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDQ., 927 Market St.
Offices $12 50 to J2O.
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone Included.
ASHTON & GARDINER, Room JlO.
TO-LET— Office, first floor. 1032 Market st,"
opp. Fifth.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business; $30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth sts. UMB9EN, 14 Montgomery.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 California St.
FOR rent— Store. 831% Howard st. : Just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
& CO., 118 Montgomery st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. KEERGAARD, pupil ot Count St. Ger-
main. (It Geary st., above Jones; classes;
Office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : rea.Uny by mall. 11.
PERSONALS.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art. 114 Stockton st.
TO Invalids— Those afflicted with kidney, blad-
der and stomach troubles: There is a well of
pure living water in the city of Oakland that
is good for these troubles; any parties who
desire to use this water can rent a nice sunny
cottage of six rooms und bath for a reason-
able price with the free use of this water;
try It. Box 848, Call office, Oakland.
MARY— I get my handsome cape at the Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton st., near Broad-
way. There you can pet most anything in
that line on easy payments.
WANTED to know the address of WILLIAM
STEWART, who enlisted at Governor's
Island in June or July, and who passed
through Cincinnati on his way to San Fran-
cisco between the Bth and 24th of July, 1599.
Important. MARIE STUART, College Hill,
Cincinnati. Ohio.
LEDERER'S Quintonloa does not dye the hair,
but freshens and cleanses it; 35c bottle; se«
display in window this week. LEDERER'S
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S artistic hair artiste make coif-
fures an art study; charges only 25c; switches
11 up; hair rolls reduced. Lederer. 123 Stockton.
JOHN L. BOONE, PatenT Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to fl 50 per night; $1 50 to Jfi per week;
free 'bus and bagcaee to and from the ferry.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. X.'NCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
T, BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post st.. will .sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
MAMA, I wan.t a sombrero; genuine; 40c up.
Mexican store. 114 Stockton st.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS, 995 Market at., office 2.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable Drices
by F SCHOETTLER. 529 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. • KRAMER, 20 Sansome St.
MME. 1-OI'ISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog~Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office at Hors» Hospital, 510 Golden Gate.
JAMES A. SORENSEN. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth Bt., near Mission.PBRSONAItS.
H'Mi'EK bamboo furniture below cost to or-
■ ut. K. YOSHI TAXI. 113 Butter st.
P.CT'TURF. stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
• ttoh; i;uarar.td. Dr. 3ordln.Kl4 Pine.ab.Krny.
A^-LVidirs" or cents' clothing, furniture bought,
■isoijl;itel Mini ■-■:. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SfJTS to order on easy installments. L.
_^LE;MOS. 1117 Mn.rUet 5t., bet. 7th and sth.
■W ANTED— Old gold for manufacn*. O. Nolte.
:-J.e\vei<-r. 24< O'Farroll. bet. Powell .<■ Mason.
; .j PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
t'H. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment dally, 10
: -4. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market si . room i.
pR'.C. C. O'DOXXELL offlce an 1 residence.
. -l^iH Market Ft.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CIT1 — For Sale.
$2tW--COST $3700; new modern home, " rooms
■find !.»th; Seventeenth and Castro; sacrificed
■ cHvir.a; to recent -••mice and leaving city
.-•first of wock. Address box 1394, Call office.
NEW. 1 1OMES T7Z
;.: ; Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
[with all modem conveniences, fronting on
. Waller. Pierce and Primrose st?.. from $3100
'tor; .'s4soo; terms to suit purchaser. F. XEL-
°.SON. Builder.
_____
KK-\V, mo.'.ern: 2-«tnry. 6 rooms: superb view;
?3. r PP. part v-ofh, McEWEX. lIS Montgry. St.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
RANCH of 2365 acres for sale; 1200 acres No. 1
, wheat land: balance good grazing land;
nbun<!ar.ce of running - ater: good house of <>
rooms and basement: 5 acres fenced with
Irabb'.t proof wire netting; running water to
irrigate 5 acres; most of the- ranch fenced.
, Apply to S. A. PENWELL. West Berkeley.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA. 707. cor. E^t^l housed
keeping room; stove, laundry and bath; $7.
EDDY, Sunny furnished room and kitchen
complete for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353—2 furnished housekeeping, $12; sin-
gle, $5 to I"; also store with rooms.
FOLSOM, 523 — Parlor suite; 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg.; single or en suite.
F U LTON. 218, cor. Van Neatly furnished
flat, 3 rms., gas rapge, bath; also others.
GEARY, 1917 — 4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas; yard; basement.
HICKORY aye.. 181—3 large front furnished
housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 76iu_xicely furnished bay-window
suite; kitchen; n:an and wife; others; reason-
able.
HYDE. 123. near Turk— 2 rooms; complete for
housekeeping rooms; running water.
IV AN HOE 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. r.kpg. suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ref.
JESSIE. Large sunny front room for light
-•keeping.
LEWI?. 1?. off Taylor— Four unfurnished sunny
rooms; gas; bay-window, $15; two rooms, $%.
MISSION. 925ty— Nicely furnished tunny hskpg.
rrr.s : beautiful kitchen; exclusive bath; porch.
OAK. 54— Elegant housekeeping rooms; gas and
bath.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought:
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.
'WELL. 710 — Completely furnished suite of 3
sunny connecting housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water; bath.
SIXTH. 110— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
parlor suite, double and single rooms.
6T. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
funnifst in city; low rates; furnished or not.
BUTTER. 1111. nr. Comfortably fum.
sir.pie suite?: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
TAYLOR^ Two furnished rooms and bath
for housekeeping.
TURK M5 — Two sunny rooms for housekeep-
_ Ing- ■
TWELFTH, 40— Nicely furnished front room
with gag; use of kitchen; $6. i
VAN NESS aye., 40O— Elegant sunny upper
f.oor; " rooms and bath: other rooms.
CHEAPEST and test in America— Weekly
Call, 18 pages, lent to any address in th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — I'nrn. and I'nfnrn.
A-BRCNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
Xc to $1 per nieht: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
ABisC>rsrcHf> (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
yuiet ar.d homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
t;r.gl«, suite; charees moderate; cars direct.
IT Hcte! Frar.clsco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Hr.rcelike house; modern service: elevator:
bath; rooms, 50c to I! 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
— 53.1 POST. nr. Hyde— Fine large front room
for 1 or " KT.tlernen; running water, bath.
T New Grand, M 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms..
lfc to Ji day; Xc to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
T 52 i*cond— Nice single, doub!« and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to 13 per week.
T 3i Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
CBNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.lehed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
ARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
»ye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
-IFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
'urnUhed sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. !23 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
r-"i m.«, from $1 50 a week up. j
EDDY, «:4— Small sunny rooms, clean and
Qa!«t. bath. gas, private family; $6 and $3.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny single furnished
room closet: bath; private; $1 a week.
FER.VUELL House.47 Post— Xew management;
all rrns refurnished: suites and tingle; baths.
FOLSOM; TTfi I !;— Xeatly furnished room to let
cheap; convenient.
.. - *
FOURTH, 222 Vi I aim House)— First-class sun-
r.y bay-window rooms: also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY, 14A— Good rooms, with clean beds,
running water; 'l -'■ per week up.
GEARY, I . Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites. $2 per -week up; very desirable.
GEARY, 405 (The Xavarre) — Comfortable furn.
rooms; traveler? accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY 480, near Taylor— Large neatly fur-
nished: suitable for 2 gentlemen; other rms.
GEARY (22. near Jones— Large _ sunny bay-
wlr.dow room: hot. cold water; gag; other rms.
GRAXD SOUTHERN, BE. cor Seventh and
Mission Ets.— iiunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK Hous*. fR Mission— Select family
rooming home; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton-
Runny suites. single raic; elev.: free baths.
HOWARD, l -"> Furnished rooms from $1 per
we*-k up: also housekeeping and transient.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished; yard; $5: double room fur.. $7.
LEAVEXWORTH, 1121, nr. Pacramento— Nicely
furnished alcove front room; also others.
MCALLISTER. 40»— XIcc unfurnished rooms, $4
to $6; also furnished rooms and flat.
MINNA 667, ccr. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 pa week; transient.
MARKET. 1035. and 3" Fifth— Xew manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MISSION. 1210. bet. Bth and 9th— Suite of very
beautifully furnished rooms; 3 cars within a
block; visitors solicited; private.
MISSIOX. 1221. one block from new P. O. site—
Nicely furnished sunny single room, $8.
XATOMA. 4'o— Sunny front room suitable for
. l or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms .md
Offices: elevator; tlectrlc lights: day. wk.. mo.
POST. G22— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUX,
POWELL* €12A— Large sunny front rooms; new
flat, newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen.
KOYAL Bouse, 120 Eiils st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 £0;
week. 32 to $S; month. JS to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold Wat. ; bath».
SEVENTH, Sunny. cheerful furnished
front room: $4 per month; bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, H .Eighth St.,
neat Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
SEVENTH 2C2— Xlcely furnished sunny rooms,
pultfts or Vlngle; rent reasonable.
STOCKTOX~ f,OJ— Nicely furnished sunny room?;
near California and Powell st. cars.
TENTH 123, near Market— Large -sunny front
rms.; also small rm. ; from $3 mo. up; hakpg.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. P.. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 565 Folsnm. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD. 10616, near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
funny rooms. II 25 to $1.
ROOMS WANTED.
WAXTED-^urnlfched dining room. Call or ad-
dress 716 Larkln st. '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, told, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rate^ 205 Fourth ft. ■
| =^r _j i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up; '
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made: !
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
I A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
[ 16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing,' $1 per year. j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
"Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or i. Canada one year for II. : J
postage paid. _^
SPIRITUALISM.
• MRP. J. J, ■vvhitnky, tranes tost^medlumT
life reader,, medical. clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.' !
storage: AM) warehouses.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., . i
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.. '
PIEUCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. ;
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
! AIiAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
I FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
I of 7. I and ■' rooms and lath each; flrstclaas
' neighborhood; near school and stations; street
1 work all complete: from $3000 to $1000; only
$T>oO.cash and J2'j and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and ' houses to let
in all parts of Alameda
$2200— Lot oOxl.'O; $2i'x) cash and $20 per month:
I fine, nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
; hoed; near High School and station.
! 525C0— Lot 55x115, with elegant residence of 8
j rooms; In fine condition; macadamised street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$350(1; any terms: same as rent.
{26i>O_Lot 4Gx207:6: tine, new, modern 6- room
cottage; near Hich School and station; $SCO cash
and $25 por nth.
SlCOO— Lot 23x125: cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near' station; easy terms.
tlCOO— lx)t 33:4x105: with a fine modern cot-
I tage of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden; street
• work all done: near station and school; $100
■ cash, balance $20 per month.
j S2s."jC— $."-00 cash, balance 523 per month; lot
• 40x1.7), with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
i and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250-saoo cash. $25 per month; less than
' ! rent: lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
: and bath, on Morton St., near Morton-st. sta-
: m: best bargain In Alameda; elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
' at a bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
' 11. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st., Alameda.
. ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms; Apply 151S Mozart
j St.. Mastlck Ftation.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; lares
gi-.und«: private. MRS. DR. FT'NKR. S'h
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HI LLEGASS TRACT. .-.-—.
WITHIN 6 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
; 6 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property In Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH .T. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
JUST been foreclosed: a fine 7-room house; all
latest improvements; large lot; fruit trees,
figs, olives, plums, etc. : 2 blocks from sta-
tion: 1 block from electric; 7- minutes' from
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SNAP — Large, new house. 1 block to local: $1250
cash, balance to suit; see It. WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, Oakland.
TWO-STORY house 9 rooms and bath;
lot 30x100. on Filbert, near 10th Ft. W. P.
RYAN. 960 Seventh St.. Oakland.
$10,000 — established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. SOS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEKPIXG ROOMS. j
SUNNY bay-window suite; kitchen, front j
housekeeping suites; also unfurnished. 715 ,
tlon as foreman; city or country. C. M., Dl- I
Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Fmnklln. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 96 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company,. 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day, September 1. UW. Transfer books will
dose on Saturday. August 26. ISS9. at 12
o'clock m. • E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 70 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, August 21. 1889.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15. 1&9, at S o'clock p. m. ■'•■ I™':-1 ™ ':-
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Mlkkel Larson and -Lucy A. Cain 4J-46
Elln P. Ostberg and Augusta C. Brill 2S-22
Solly Rosenthal and Minnie Farandiez 24-19
Harry M. Levy and Edna Armer .-; 32-20
John F. Rand and Julia F. Byron 27-17
Richard P. Gutter and Ida I'oh! 2S-16
William Bohle and Nettie Reese 28-24
W. A. Fairbanks and Be«.«ie Kammerer — 21-22
Josef Fink and Maria h«pelko 37-20
Edward J. Luhman and Katherlne Miller.. 2l-21
C F. McPh.erson and Josephine L. Bocarde.2l-19
Clarence S. Benner and p:iva F. Johnson — 40-22
BIRTHS— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BEAN— In Alamena, August 16. 1899, to the
wife of W. R. Bean, a daughter.
COLLIXS— In this city, August 17, 1899, to the
wife of Joseph Colling, a Fun.
married! ~
NOTES— In this city, August 16, 1899.
by the Rev. William C. Ponn". Earl D. Balrd
and Florence G. Noyes, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DEMPSTER— HARPER— In this city. August
15,' 1899, by the Rev. William Rader. Roy
Dempster and Olive Harper, both of San
Francisco.
HESS— WEDGWOOD— In Oakland, August 10,
1893. by the Rev. William Rader, Frank Hess
of Ban Francisco and Winifred A. G. Weds;-
wood i.'. Oakland, Cal.
LANGE— NUNAN— In this city, by the Rev.
Edward Demrsey. Fred W. Lange Jr. and
Mary T. Nunan. both of Oakland.
LAWLESS— HAMPTON— Ia this city, August
16, ISM, by • the Rev. F. A. Doane, Thomas
K. Lawless and Maude L. Hampton, both of
Ban Francisco.
SHELDON— MAYHEW— In Oakland. August 13,
1599 by the Rev. William Rader, Daniel F.
Sheldon of Ventura. Cal., and Pbebe J. May-
hew .if Oakland, Cal.
DIED.
Baxter, Mary A. Harden, Edward
Brady. Mrs. M. J. Kehoe. Andrew M.
Dolan. Michael . Lotidon, Louis -..'"
Donnelly, Theresa McGovern. James
Drexler. Lomis P. . Murphy, Margaret
EmeriC, Harry F. - O'Brien, Frank L. -
Franey, James K. ' Robertson, Dr. E. B. !
Garrett, Julia Ryan, Catherine
Glhon. Thomas •.Simmons. Capt.W*. S.
Hablch, Mary " Fniitii, Mary a.
BAXTER— In this city, August 15, ISM. Mary
A., beloved daughter of Patrick and Mary
Baxter, and sister of Thomas, i Ellen and
Katie Baxter and Mrs. J. J. Hourlgan. a na- >
, tlve of Haverstraw, N. J.. aged .■?■, years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 390 Larigton street, thence to St. Jo- !
seph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock.- Interment Holy Crose Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. August 16, 1599, Mrs.
M. J. Brady, dearly beloved mother of 'U'l!-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
. (Successors to Flanagan St Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERs,
20 Fifth St.. cppuslt* Llncola JctiooL
Telephone South W.
him— ■■ inn win iiiMiiim winii»—in«m«i«i— iiuii '
mcftVOY <fc co., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EWIIALMERS, I
Market St.. between £th and 9th. I
FUNERAL DlR£< TORS Ac EMUAL.MERS, I
J2SS Market «.. between 6th and 9th.
• Telephone. South £47. ■ I
— mimi— in iiii.iiii mih—m m— l i
THE SAN FBAInCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899.
Ham J. Maxwell. Mrs. J. W. • Lee and
i LUlie F. Brady, a native of County Meath.
Ireland. (Oakland and Sacramento papers j
please copy.) - •
Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
lully invited to attend the funeral this day '
■ .(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
! dence. 726 Flllmore Btreet. thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high ,
! mass will be celebrated for the repose of her !
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment j
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
[ DOLAX— In Fair Oaks, August 16, 1599. Michael
■ Dolan. beloved father of Rose Dolan, a na- j
tive of Galway, Ireland, aged 64 years and 3
, months.
[_?■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
nilly invited to attend the funeral this Jay
« Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
: dence, thence to Mount Carmel Church. Red-
; wood City, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated at 10 o'clock for the repose
! of his soul, thence on 12:12 o'clock train from
HI wood City to Holy Cross Cemetery,
Colma.
Y. M. I.— Members of the Young Men's Insti-
tute, Mount Carmel Council No. 520, are re-
-1 quested to meet at their hall at 5 o'clock
sharp to attend the funeral of the late de
: ceased brother. Michael Dolan. ■-■-'', '-'■'■
DONNELLY— In this city, August 16. UM,
Theresa, beloved wife of Frederick Donnelly, j
and beloved sister of Sister Jenlvleve Par- !
I ker. Mrs." M. A. Lyons, Mrs. J. H. Murphy* j
i and Mrs. Max yon Beyer, a native of Cali- j
fornia, aged 26 years and 1 month.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
; fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Paul's j
Church, corner Church and Twenty-ninth |
j streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
mains at the mortuary chapel of the Golden [
I Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mission
street. ;.■; .* ,: >>. : .-; ..
DREXLER— In this city. August 17. 1899. Lomls
P. Drexler. a native of Charleston, West
Virginia, aged 63 years.
[7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock,, from his late rest- i
dence, 1603 Van Ness avenue. Interment pri- i
vate. Please omit Bowers.
EMERIC— In San Pablo, Cal., August 15, 1593,
Harry I"., beloved husband of Elizabeth j
Emerlc, a native of New York City, X. V., '
j aged 50 years 6 months and 29 days.
i C7"Frlends, and acquaintances are respect-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from 223 Sutter j
street, under the auspices of San Francisco
Lodge Xo. 3. B. P. O. E.
I FRAXEY— In this city, August. 17, 1893, James
E. Franey, a native of County Mayo,. Ire- j
land, aged 27 years.
Cyßemains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
rtreet. ■■, - ■■■
j GARRETT— In this city, August 17. 1599. Julia,
beloved wife of Nicholas Garrett, a native
| «'f .Wisconsin, aged 2S years.
: GIHON— In this city, Thomas Glhon, a native
of Belfast, Ireland, aged 69 years and 7 |
I months.. ..-.,-
HABICH— In this city, August 17, 1898, Mary i
Hablch, beloved mother of Harry Hableh, I
j and grandmother of Mrs. J. F. Seeges, a na- j
tive of Germany, aged 58 years.
a7Frfends and acquaintances are respect- I
; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetetry.
; HAYDEX— In this city. August 16, IS9?. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Helena Hayden, a
j native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 36 years.
, KEHOE— In this city, August 17, 1899, Andrew '
M. Kehoe, brother of Mrs. Dr. C. L. Nelson. .
a native of Walla Walla, Wash., aged 80 |
years S months and 25 days.
LOUDON— In Oxnard. Cal.. August 14, 1599,
Louis Loudon Jr., beloved son of Mr. and j
Mrs. L. Loudon of Alvarado, Cal., a native .
! of San Francisco, aged 21 years and 6 months. I
C?" lnterment ' this day (Friday), at 1 I
: o'clock, at Alvarndo, Alafneda County.
McGOVERN— In this city, August 17. 1599, ■
j James McGovern, a native of New York, aged j
i II years.
I MURPHY— In this city. August 16, 1599, Mar- '■
: garet Murphy (nee Chambers), beloved wife ',
' of Timothy Murphy, and mother of Gertrude. i
May, Theresa. Joseph, Thomas and Daniel j
Murphy and Mm. C. R. Peters, a native of i
Kilrush, County Claire, Ireland, aged 62 j
years. i ' ,-- •'■
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect- :
'■ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi- :
dence, 17 Pearl street, between Valencia and j
Guerrero, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the re;>ose of her soul, .
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In West Berkeley, August 16. 1599,
Frank L., beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet O'Brien, father of F. J. O'Brien, and
stepfather of John W. O'Brien, a native of
County Longford. Ireland, aged 05 years.
(Randolph and Brockton, Mass.. papers please '
copy.)
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Friday), at I o'clock, from the residence of
his son, F. .1. O'Brien, 1131. Delaware street, ;
I thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
I emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. j
I Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ROBERTSON— In Jackson. Cal.. August 13, 1899.
Dr. Elipha Bryant, beloved husband of Lucy
Robertson, and father of Mrs.- C. A. Herrlck,
Mrs. A. M. Gall and the late Mrs. T. T.
Crtttenden, a native of Tennessee, aged 72 i
years and M months.
\ RYAN— In this city. August 16. 1899, Cather- I
me, beloved wife of the late Thomas Ryan. !
a native of Londonderry, Ireland, aeed 69 I
years.
SIMMONS— In this city, August 16. 1599, Cap- I
tain William S. Simmons, beloved uncle of ■
Mrs Anna Wuensche, a native of England, .
aged 75 years 5 months and 16 days.
Z 'Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ■
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of i
his niec#, 233 Stevenson street, near Third. j
' Interment. Laurel Hill Cemetery-
SMITH— In West Oakland, August 16, 1899 i
| Mary A., beloved mother of Fred W. Smith. '
I a native of Virginia, aged ',:> years. !
: i
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL.
■ E L Bonner & 3 boys, H X Higglns, Cal
Missouri M a Woodman, Ohio
H A Goddard A- w, O 8 Les»insky & w, Cal"
■ C B Miller Stktn li Mills, Dcs Moines
J W Blewett & w, Tex A T Van de Vauter.
W H Weeks & w, Cal Seattle
W Allen. San Mateo A Kr!--ks,.n, Portland
i J Alexander, Cal Mr Rosenthal & w, Cal
■ W D Stewart. Sulsun IB P Tabor Auburn
IJ F Jordan. Vlsalia M Rows, Cal
I D Ahem. Sacto .7 S Brown & w, Cal
; G S Vlrden. Cincinnati Miss Blanche Rodgers,
W C Goodwin &w, Cal cal
A Hanford, Sacto .1 C Conking & w, C a l
II A Keeler. Oakland Miss. Conkllng. S Jose
; J c Evans &w, Hono- A J Wilson, BactO
lulu C Rodonl. Sacto
{? L Wright, Winters J E Lombard. Cal
Dr W s George, Cal Miss McCann, Cal
M Abrams, Sta Cruz W L Lewis. Boston
J Morrisey, Woodland X D McXellly & fy,
A J McKay. Holliater Reno
G Feeny, Salinas W F Daertenbach &
I H Canfleld, Berkeley i w. Pueblo
H W Poett, S Mateo F. H Luce &■ w, Pueblo
j H Hamond, V VC C DM Both well & w,
! S W Spangler. I'PCCI Angels Camp
1 E H Thomas, 10th Pa Miss O Barnes, S Jose
(1 L Cordon. 10th Pa li Rowlands. Placerv •
1 II Warren, Cal Miss J L Webber, Cal
J L Allison, Cal Miss A S Melvin. Cal
H H Patterson. Elwd J H Garber, Salinas
j J F Cowan, Salt Lake W H Barnes. Los Ang
i A H Bar. Etna J Craig, Highland Spr
1 Rosine Vrceland, Cal |B L Wertheimer, Cal
1 E Ruth Scrlbner, Cal Miss X B Barnes, Cal
M L Men*. Chlco W A Doyle, Sari Mateo
Dr E B Merchant, Or i
PALACE HOTEL.
F A Wells, Prescott | D Clannion. N T
H Behan, Prescott Mrs M McGlynn, N T
' S J Fleming, Prescott J C Conn, Salt Lake
Mrs S J Fleming, Ariz 3 W Mitchell, L Ang
J H James. Chicago W M Graham, Cal
Dr & Mrs Buller, Mo* It V Ellis, Cal :
treal B B Jordan Mr, Cal
G Q Lawrence. lowa Mrs E. B Jordan Jr,
Mrs Q G Lawrence, la Hanford
J B Noble. Ogden L W Bllnn. Los Ang
, J F Finn. Cal Mrs L W Bllnn. Cal
Mrs J F Finn, Cal Mrs C .1 Quesnel, Mo
Mrs J Crockett, XT Mrs J O Kaln, Mo
L Swinburne, X V Mr« C F Miller, Mo
C Sonntag, Cal Mrs J D Van Sickle,
W i) Leahey. V S N st Louis
C W Randall, Cal Miss Tlnimons, N C
II X Jensen, USX 8 Castner Jr. Phlla
J Barneson, Cal Mrs S Castner Jr, Pa
H W Good.ill, Cal S J Castner, Phlla
H White, ('ill PA Castner, Phila
<• C Haven, Boston J T Btnhott, Phila
J C RentskofT. X V Mrs J T Sinnott. Pa
A G Foster. Wash Misses- Rellly, Va •
H C Wallace, Wash I R E Forrest, Phlla
C Warfield. Mont .1 T Walker, St Louis
D Schwab, N V . ' G D Hall, St Louis
M Bernhelm. X V W Wilson. X V
F Beaudry, X V W F Haas. Los Ang
Mrs F Beaudry, X V W B Btett, Chicago
P J Sachs. X V |W B Cowin, USA
A Sachs, N V '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL."
R L O'Xeil,' Mexico C D Pickels, Annapolis
.1 U Buchl. Utah W A Piggott. Annap
.1 Le Claire, B Jose J B Larson, Denver
.1 A King. Salt Lake <! W Allen.' Selma
J Brannan. Sacto E V Hartendale. Cal
C. Myers, ■ Ukiah iF Bear, New Orleans
J Hogari. Colfax • SB McClellan, S Jose
L Lee. New York P Dlxon, New Orleans
W L Pennypacker. Chi J X Galnes, Sta Cruz
F R Margetta. Utah Mrs A Friable, Jose
H E Sleater. Salt Lake
.■♦ « —
Run Over by a Bicyclist.
R. S. Putnam, (Jfi2 Hayes street, was
eroFPinff Market street opposite Mason
yesterday morning, when he was knocked
down ')>• a bicyclist. The wheelman
jumped off and asked if Putnam was
seriously injured and then rode away.
Putnam was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found that his right
shoulder was dislocated. The police are
searching for the bicyclist.
. ♦ .
Stole Old Copper.
Harry Schroder, a coremaker, wag
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detectives Dlnan. Reynolds and Ryan on
a charge of burglary. He is accused of
breaking into Garratt's foundry and steal
ing large quantities of copper and brass,
which he sold to junk dealers.
THEY PASSED IS
YOUTHS OF THE
HIGHEST DEGREE
Apprentices Enjoy a
Gay Time.
ALL OF THEM DESERTERS
: STEWARD OF THE HYDERABAD
DYING OF CANCER.
Must Be Tried in England for Steal
ing Ship's Stores — burgeons
Here Want to Remove
His Stomach.
The British ship Hyderabad is loaded j
and ready for sea. Captain Scott expects i
to get the remainder of his crew to-day, ■
i and once they are aboard the ship will
salL
Among those who will go out on the •
! Hyderabad are the "Hon. H. R. Hinstock i
[of Hull," the "Marquis of Townsend" ar.d
] the "Hon. J. Lewis of iy-iiulon." The three
I "noble" youths have had quite an experi
ence in San Francisco and quite a num
ber of tradesmen are anxious to get them
ashore again if only for a few hours.
H. R. Hinstock, M. Watkins and J. !
i Lewis are apprentice boys on the Hydera- |
bad. When the ship came down loaded .
frum Port Costa Captain Scott was taken :
down with pneumonia and for a time was |
lin a very critical condition. The appren- j
' tice boyri seized their opportunity and Je- |
Berted "while the captain was confined to
i his room. Once ashore they posed aa \
\ lords and honorabies and ran bills with I
i everybody who wouid give them credit or
accept an order on the snip Hyderabad. :
• in uns way they smoked the btdt cigars, i
! drank the best whisky; had their pnoto- j
! gruphs taken at one of the best galleries |
In the city and ran a bill with a clothier '
fur Jll4. \\ ednesday afternoon the clothier !
took his bill out to the ship and demanded j
payment from Captain Scott. The latter J
I refused to pay it and said the boys were
! deserters and nut a cent was coming to |
1 them.
The clothier was disgusted, and upon
! going ashore must have spread the news,
i for the runaways' credit was suddenly
, stopped and they found themselves out j
lon the street without a cent. Shortly ,
! after sunset they got into a Whitehall boat
I and were rowed out to the Hyderabad.
' Upon getting aboard they went to their
'■ quarters and Watklna was sent ac a
I "committee of one" to make terms with
' "the old man." Captain Scott told them
i to go to bed and that nothing would be
i said about the matter until the ship i
i reaches England, when they will be turned i
over to the proper authorities.
In the meantime Captain Scott Is iry
j ing to possess his snul in patience. Al
' most every hour in the day an order
■ signed by one or another of the appren- j
i ticcs is presented to him for payment, and
: it generally takes a quarter of an hour and
tall his pat'lence to explain the situation.
"The young rascals U">k advantage of
. my being ill and ran away," said he yes-
I terday. "I tried several times to catch i
I them, but they are fleet of foot and got
away. When we K<>t on their track I i
; found that Hinstock and Lewis were
passing as honorabies and Watkins as a !
Duke or Marquis or something. They :
j wrote me a note stating they had left the j
ship because of my ill treatment and were
i going to make things very sulphurous for
jme when the ship reached home. Fncl
i dentally they gave me an address tr>
: which I was to forward any letters for
i them that might reach the ship. Wedm ■ ;
day night they came aboard when they i
I found themselves stranded, and nothing
more will be said about the matter until j
we reach Liverpool, when they will have |
to answer for their desertion."
Another member of th^ Hyderabad's
crrw who would like to remain In Han '
j Francisco is J. Moat, tbe steward. When ;
; tli • ship reaches Knsrland he will have to :
' answer a charge of broaching cargo, thai
is if he lives to reach Liverpool. During
: the voyage to this port from Australia ;
' Moat got away with over $100 worth of ;
I goods, which he sold to the sailors. Then i
• he made an onslaught on the ship's Btores
\ and ate up all the little delicacies which
! Captain Scott had laid in for his own i
! special benefit. For all this he will have
to answer when the ship reaches an Entr-
I lish port.
Steward Mnat is doubly unfortunate.
H Is suffering from cancer of the stom
ach, and some medical gentlemen are will- j
irifr to pay for the goods he stole If they
could only get him for a subject. They
explained to Meat that death was cer
tain if something was not done, and that
the removal of the stomach meant possi
bly years of life. Moat was eag-er and
willing to take the chances, but the Brit
ish Consul stepped in nnd refused to al
low the unfortunate fellow to leav» the
ship. Moat and his assistant will there
fore have to wait upon the "Marquis of
.Townsend." the "Hon. Hinstock" and the
"Hon. Lewis" during the homeward voy-
I age. J
WARREN'S MUTINEERS.
Names or the Men Serving Sen
tences in Bilibid Prison.
Water Front Notes.
The mutineer? of tho Warren are now!
serving time In Rilibkl prison, and their
sentences are: John Garrigan, D. McCar- '
thy and James Ball, ten months; Joe (Jour
lay, S.. Codlinp. J. Cohalen. M. Hunter, K.
Drennen. T. Fitzpatrick. James Mulligan,
John McGalre. Charles Witte, S. Stuart.
G. Cator, Joe Moore. W, Dudy, B. w! '
■ Short and W. T. Pratt, seven months; G.
B. Wolcott, four months, ar.d Frank Con
ley, three months. John Clancy was also!
! arrested, but he' got off on proving that he
was drunk when he refused duty. J. Mc
i Comb, the cause of all the trouble was 1
! dlFchari,'ed from the transport. The day
before the Warren sailed for San Fran
cisco Purser Bucklin went out to Bilibid
prison and paid all the mutineers off, so
they will not be stranded when their time '
| is up.
Two big rafts of \i\\?s will be on their '
way to San Francisco inside of a week I
One will be towed from Puget Sound by
the collier Czarina and the other from the !
I Columbia River by the tugs Relief and I
j Rescue. I^ast year nearly all the rafts '
j went to pieces, and the coast north and j
south was trewn with the lumber. This
year the structures have been made extra i
secure, and it is hoped that they will i
I make the journey in safety.
The transport City of Sydney was to'
have sailed yesterday, but all her stores i
were not aboard, and it will probably be i
to-morrow before she gets away. The ■
\ Siam with a load of horses will get away i
j about the same time. Of the new boats,'
just chartered by the Government the!
i City of Puebla Ik ready to go into com- 1
I mission at once, the Charles Nelson is on:
i her way to St. Michael, the Belgian King!
j is on her way here from Japan and the
I Columbia is on her way to Portland from :
| China.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamer Hong- :
| krmg Ma.ru sailed for the Orient yester- I
day. She took away a very large cargo j
and a fair number of passengers.
The British bark Palmyra, which ar- ]
rived from Newcastle. N. S. W., yester- '
; day. had a very rough voyage. On June
] 21 she ran into a hurricane, which lasted
1 thirty-six hours. The foretopmast ttaysail
; the Jib and flying jib were torn into ril>- !
j bons, about sixty feet of the bulwarks on
j the port side and about thirty feet on j
: the starboard side were stove in and the i
j fore foot and figurehead were carried !
away. Still the Palmyra made a good
run of seventy-one days, which is nearly j
three weeks' better time than a number
I of other, vessels of the Australian fleet
; have made. Captain Keller has a host of
1 friends In San Francisco, all of whom will
be pleased to hear of his safe arri\'a!.
One of the "workaways" on the Gov
ernment transport Warren was the center j
; of interest yesterday. His name is J. Ray- j
mond and he came on board the Warren !
at Nagnp.tki with a story to the effect that
he started from New York many months
, ago to go around the world on his bicycle,
i He got as far as Siberia and was .stranded
\ there, and after considerable hardship
] reached Nagasaki. Raymond is an eccen-
I trie person, wearing sandals and tying his
' long hair into a doughnut on top of his
Visiting Nurses' Work.
The ladies of the organization known a? j
I Visiting Nurses of the Conference of]
Charities make an appeal for •white linen
and cotton rags for use In their work.
They also desire the loan of a wheeled
chair for the use of an aged crippled
woman. Any one wishing to contribute
can communicate with the secretary of
the Conference of Charities, at 601 Com
mercial street.
■ ♦ ■
COURT NOTES.
Katherlne M. Ball, recently a teacher,
has filed suit against the city and county
to recover $2700 alleged to be due for serv
ices performed at the instance of the
School Department.
r Joseph J. Bagnall, 76 years of age, liv
ing- on Flint alley, swore to a complaint
in Judge (irahatn's court for the arrest
of "John X>oe," a peddler, who lives next
door, on the charge of battery. The ped
dler was in the habit of dumping his
refuse In front of the old man's house,
and when remonstrated with Wednesday
night he took a scantling and beat* the
old man over the head with it besides
breaking four panes of glass in one of his
windows.
Paul Wichrowski, a restaurant keeper
on Bush street, was yesterday rtntd $20
by Judge Graham for having venison out
of season in his possession.
The argument of counsel in the case of
Cornelius Manning, charged with the mur
der of Mrs. Mary Kennedy on July 4 by
throwing a lighted lamp at her. was con
tinued yesterday till this afternoon by
Judge Conlan by consent, as the tran
script of the testimony was not ready.
J. M. Hogue of 127*2 Rose avenue was
yesterday convicted by Judge Mogan on
the charge of battery upon his wife, Mary
llogue, and ordered into custody to ap
pear for sentence this morning. He com
pelled her to work in a laundry to help
support the family, and because she took
$.{ out of his pocket August 12, as she
needed the money badly, he severely chas
tised her.
■ ♦ ■
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Emma M. Anderson from Oscar Anderson
on the ground of neglect, md Mary Lally
from John I.ally on the ground of extreme
cruelty.
May McMahon has sued Frank A. Mc-
Mahon for a divorce, alleging failure" to
provide as cause of action. Minna Ahl
man atkn for a divorce from Edmund Ahl
ma:i on the ground of dese-rtion.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Fernando and Julia A, Nelson to Henrietta
A. Brink (wife of Charles H.), lot on S line
of Waller street. 05 W of Pierce, W, 24 by S UO,
block 3. Marion Tract (hospital lot): $10.
John J. Carroll to Dora H. Carroll (mother),
lot on X line of Frederick street. 123 W of Cole,
\V 25 by N 100; gift.
Helen A. Landers (wife of John) to George
R. Williams, lot on E line of Sanchez street.
91:6 S of Twenty-second, S 22:6 by E 100, quit
claim deed; $1.
George R. Williams to Kaepar and Ernestine
Reuter, i>ame: $10.
Paul and Gertrude L. Rosslter to Frederick
L. and Rose L. Prltchard, lot on SW corner of
Twentieth and Castro streets, S 35 by \V 100;
$10.
Oxen O. Heydenfeldt to Elizabeth A. Heyden
feldt. lot on N line of Jackson street, 60 W of
Drumm, W 40 by N 120; also lot on SE corner
of Howard and Eighth streets, SE 137:6 by SW
137:6; also lot on SB corner of North Point and
Stockton streets. S 137:6 by E 275; also lot on N
line of Post street, 110 W of I.arkin, W 67:6
by X 120: also Interest in estate of Solomon
Heydenfeldt No. 10.137. grantor holding life
estate, trust deed; $1.
Esther Lennard and Elizabeth Ipswitch to
Emily H. Brlscoe (single), lot on NE comer of
Harriet street (Clinton), 75 SE of Bryant, SE
26 by NE 75: $10.
Mary E. Redmond to Annie L. Fry (wife of
William M). lot on E line of Second avenue.
225 S of Point Lobos, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Charlotte L. Riker to Angus J. Kemp, lot on
E line of Fortieth avenue, 100 S of W street.
S2sby E 120; $10. ■' •
Same to same, lot on S line of W street. 82:6
E of Fortieth avenue, E 60 by S 100; $10.
University of Vermont (a corporation) to F.
A. Carlson, lets 24 to 30, block 49, City Land
Association: $325.
M. B. Llchtenstein to John O. Klumpke, lot
on S- corner of Laidley and Roanoke streets,
SW 113 by SE 100, lots 20 and 21. block 3.
Fairmont, quitclaim deed: $10.
Mary E. Redmond to Annie L. Fry (wife of
William M.). lot on SW corner of Sixteenth
avenue, 175 NW of P street, NW 25 by SW 100,
lot 17, block 332, O'Nell & Haley; $10.
Alameda County.
Sarah A. McKee (by S. McKee, attorney) to
Clarence A. Chlchester, lot on NE corner of
Grove and Stanley streets, N 40. E 120, S 44. 09,
W 120 to beginning, being portion lot 6, block
4, McKee Tract, Oakland, to correct former
deed: $10.
Levi S. and Viola H. Preston to William and
Minnie Williams, lot on X line of Campbell
street, 104 N of Lincoln. N 26 by E 100. being
lot 21. block 713, Oakland, warranty deed; $10.
C. .1. Sham to Agnes G. Sharp, lot on S line
of Thirty-second street. 350 V". of Grove, E 50
by S 140, being lot 16, block 2036, Rowland
Tract, Oakland; gift.
Richard C. Potts to. Michael J. Henley, lot
on S line of Moss avenue at a point which
bears NW 230.96 from SE corner of Moss and
Webster avenues, thence NW 27:2, SW 109:8%,
BE 27:2, NE 109:7*;, to beginning, being lot 1
on Map of Potts' subdivision portion of lot
8, Hitchcock property, Oakland: $10.
Joseph L. and Katie E. Howell (by Clarence
Crowell. commissioner) to Cosmopolitan Mutual
Building and Loan Association, lot on NW cor
ner of thirteenth avenue, 50 SW of East Twen
ty-first street, SW, 50 by NW 150, block 127,
Clinton, East Oakland; $ISS6.
Thomas Kelly (by James B. Barber, Tax
Collector) to J G. Klurnpka. lot 37, block 75,
on Map of Lots^of Northern Addition to Brook
lyn, tax deed. East Oakland; $2.
S. A. and Mary L. Penwell to L. C. and Ly
dia 8. Holcomb, lot on SW corner of Bristol
and Sixth streets. W 152 by S 220, block 86,
Tract 15. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck (executrix of the estate of
F. K. Shattuck) to Andrew Herrmann, lot on
5 line of Stuart street, 205 W of Tremont or
Mllvia, W 40 by S 129.65, being lot 13. block
20. Shattuck Tract, map 5, Berkeley: $10.
R. O. and Mary Gray to George C. Mather,
lot 9, block 2. Blasdel Tract, map 2, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
W O. and K. M. Palmanteer to Henry
Schellhaas, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth
street. 167 W of Linden, W 50 by N 101:64. be
ing lots 20 and 21, block 653, Glascock Tract,
Oakland: $30.
Sarah Seal to Irvin D. Martin, lot on S line
of Hamilton place. 223.35 W of Oakland avenue.
W SO by S 90. being lot 29, Hamilton Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Moses S. Feinberg to Harriet A. Waldron. all
of block C and lots 2 to 8, block D, of Tuohy's
Second Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Harriet A. Waldron to Marcus Hart, same;
$10.
Marcus and Adaline Hart to F. A. McNally,
same; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Charles M.
H Kulper, lots 17 to 20. block 3, Allendale
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to John
M. Carr, lot 16 and S half of lot 15. in subdi
vision C, Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Michael and Bridget Kilday to W. H." Mars
ston. lot on NE corner of Spruce and Vine
streets. N 90 by E 134:7, being lots is. 19 and
20, block 1, map of resubdivlslon portion of
T. M. Ansell's Map of Villa Lots, Berkeley;
$100.
H. M. and Repslma H. Michaellan to Gabriel
M Mlchaellan, lot on N line of Channln;? way.
80 W of Fifth street, W SO by N 100. being the
W. 20 feet of lot 15 and all of lot 16 and E 10
feet of lot 17. block 127. Corrected Map Ray
mond Tract, Berkeley; $4"".
' Alfred W. Hare to Edward G. and Mary J.
Read, lot on S line of Lincoln street, 173 W of
Peralta, W 30 by S 102. block 712. Oakland: $10.
Lucy McCarl (wife of J. A.). C. S. Cook (wife
of J. A.) and Maude Deslaurlers (wife of J.
A.) to Ralph W. Kinney. lot 10, block L. Rob
erts and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland, quitclaim
deed; Si.
Ralph W. and Jennie L. Kinney to Charles
M. MacGregor. same, Oakland: $10. ' :,: .
Dennis Henly. to John L. McCnrty. lot on E
line of Peralta avenue. 50 N of Olive street, N
GO, SE 125. S &0.55. W 126.29 to beginning-, being
lots 1 and 2. man of Peralta-avenue Tract,
Brooklyn Township; 510.
Rebecca M. Bodecker (by George Wolters.
attorney) to Henry Z. .Tones, lots 16 to 24, 27 to
29. block 1. all of block 2, all of block 3. except
lots 21 and 22. thereof; also lots 21 to 27, block
4. all <l block 6, all of block 6, except lot 8
thereof; also lot 12. block IV all in the Allen
dale Tract. Brooklyn Township: $1350.
Charles J. and Clara A. Bortesonto Corona
Glass Company (a corporation), lot on NW cor
ner of Railroad avenue and Cedar street, W 50
by N K0:l'-.. Oakland: $10.
'Frank H. and Hannah Dodd to J. \C. Scott,
lot on E line of Bcnton street, 140 N of Santa
Clara, avenue. N 60 by E 150, being lot S, block
25, Fitch & Sharon Tract. Alameda; $10.
Builder's Contract.
H P. Smith (owner) with Fred Miller (con
tractor), architect H. P. Smith— work for a
two-story frame building (two flats) on lot on
W line of Folsom street, 193 8 of Twenty
fotirth 40 ny 122:6: $5.100.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping; at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul Aujrust ttiSt Paul. .September 6
N, w York Autrust 23 New York Sept. 13
St. Louis August 30 St. Louis Sept. 20
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From Now York Every Wednesday. 1" noon.
Kensington Auk. T> Southwnrk Sept. 6
Noorland Auk. 23 AVesternland ...Sept. 13
Fr!e?!and ,Aur. 30 Kensington — Sept. 20
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. Sr. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full Information regai-dlnK freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
J^^ ■ i Steamers leave Broadway
TSp*hfc._ wharf, Pan Francisco.
: S^jeSTk * V ' r Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 Kr*t^?^ Au us < 19. 21, IS, September 3.
C^fes^&l change at Seattle.
Kffi§jgsi«Jf&| For Victoria. Vancouver 'B.
'^*VfiSl^al C) - V " TfiwnFPnd, Seattle.
"^^a3t>i Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrtes
'^<S and New Whatcom (Wash.V i
! 10 a. m. August 19, 24, 2?.
September 3. and every fifth day thereafter;
: chanßeat Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. X. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
| For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m.. August !
17.. 22. 27, September 1, and every fifth day i
thereafter. .
For Santa Cruz, Monterey.' San Simeon.
Cayuco*, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). i
[ Gavlota. Santa Barbara Ventura. ■ Hueneme. I
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Loi An)tele«> and I
, Newport. 9 a. m . August 20, 24. 28, September
; 1, and every fourth day thereafter. ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- •
■ ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, . Port !
j Log Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)., 11 a. i
; m., August IS. 22. W, 30, September 3 and every. j
fourth day thereafter.- • • '• •
For Ensenada, Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
mcnth.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chance 1
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour" of «nil!nr. -*<,*'•"
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. ARts.,
10 Market Et., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From. Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARE § 12 Fir " t Clasej Including Bert*
rHnu 88 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails j
■ Aug. 26. Sept. 5
! COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. 31. Sept. 10 j
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte. !
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
. E. C. WARD, General A*ent,
630 Market st. •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. '
TOYO KISJBN KAISHA.
STEAMF.RS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
V7 ner First and Brannan street, 'l p. m. for ;
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at :
. Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and i
; connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
]of sailing. ..-.',.
i AMERICA MARU Friday, October 6
j HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17 I
i NIPPON MARU Tuesday.* September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
i freight and passage apply at company's "office !
421 Market St.. cor. First.
' W. B. CURTIS, General Agent, i
fKfffIBUMI Wednesday, - Australia !
JfcMWH. sally for Honolulu j
l w t" ll "" o^Wednesday, August 28, i
Qiy^~V\ at 2 p. Alameda sails
O^^V\ S. S. Alameda sails ;
>tpjJm<:n|n-J v 'a Honolulu and i
GJlWlllJlllU'-' Auckland for Sydney
fOj?IR?II7U~' VVe ' in '' s<3a y. September
VJ-flllWUllqg at 10 p m-
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, j
; Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suei,
England, etc.; $«10 first class.
i. D. SPRECKELS & BHOS.CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St. ,
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TKANSATLANTIQDE.
j DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '
Sailing every ■ Saturday at 10 a. m. -^ijijaLi^
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -* ***••* I
Morton st. LA NORMANIiIE, August 26: LA '
: TOURAINE. Sept. 2; LA CHAMPAGNE, Sept. I
j 9: LA UABCOaNB, Sept. 16: LA BRETAGNE.
Sept. 23. First-class to Havre, 185 and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec- j
i ond class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction I
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR I
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad- |
i way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU- !
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
i gomery aye.. San Francisco. ....'.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. j
"IoRTriAVMARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4";
: a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
: FARE 50c
i RAILROAD TRAVEL.
i Down East
: VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
; THE ROUTE OF THE
: : FAMOUS
| KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
; OFFERED TO THE '
L
Mountains
Lakes and
1 Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
| NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central. .
! Thnough Sleepers to Washington,
' peaching all the health and
! PLEASURE RESORTS OF
; VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE, '
G. P. A., A. Q. P A.,
6t. Louis. i Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
.General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
i !
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN-
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 3:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR :
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN |
, EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT '■■
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE :
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- '
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 11 IS Broadway. .
I SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Str»et.
> SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7W. Santa Clara Street.
— -j — ■ i — _ ,
MOUNT TAmALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
i Commencing SUNDAY, April. 23. 1539.
: WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. an.l 1:43 p. m.
1 Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. . m.. Returning Same Even-
ing. ■ arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
I p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and- 1:45, '2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
.' THOS COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
hov turns pacific cosipant.
. r (PACIFIC SVbTEM.)
Train* Ichto »n«l nrt> due to m rive a*
HAN FltAKt'lN<:«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leatx — . . From Auocst 3, 1839. — arrive
7:OOa Bcnlcia, fiuiaun and Sacramento. . . 0:43p
7:OOa MarysTillo, OrovlJe and Redding Tia
Wootllacd ^ Bi43p
7:O»a Elmlra, VacaTlllo and Rumsey .'. ... Bi3op
7iBOa Martiue?., San Kamon, Vallejo, Napa,
• f'alist,:gaai,.! Santa Rosa «slsp
B>ooa Atlantic Express, Ogtteu and Kast.. »:I"ja
Mi;iUa Sun .lose, Llveraiore, Stockton,
lone, ■ Saeramcuto, Plactrtille,
Marys Till.'. Chico, Ke.l IllufT «ilsp
Bi3o* •Milton, Ouk.kle and Koncra 4:15p
8:3Oa Yoa-.mito Valley via Oakdale and
' Chice«o 4«l»r
oiOOa Hiiwarui, NiK« and Way *tation». 11j43a
O:«Oa Martiiicr., Tri-cy. Latliroif, Stockton,
MiTcdcnd l'reuo I»jlsf
; 9iOOa Fresno, HakerslleM Santa linrliara,
Los ADsele*. DemiDg, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6i43p
1O:OOa Vallojo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
1 1 :OOa HBywarus, Niles an.l Way Stations. 2:43p
• 1X:OOm Nllc3, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Uaiiford, Visa'.ia,
Pcrtcrrille ;... 4:IBp ■
•l:OOp Sacramento UiTcrStenmors # 8iO«p
3:00p ll wards. Nili« and Way Stations. Ki4Sp
■ 4:iiui> Mitrtiucz, Sau lt*u:on, Vallejo,
Nupa, (,'alla^>gn, N;u"iU (losn Biloa
4i**p BeDicls, Vacavlllf-., . Sacrainonto,
1 ' V.'ooillaml, KtitKbts Landing,
" Mr.rTSVt!lo, 1 0:4ft A
'4t3opNl!cs, Ban. J(.'io»iid Stockton 7:15p
•li3op Yosemito Bleeping Car for Raymond 12j13p
B:eopXfco Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakcrs-
neld, 6aiuni3 (or Santa Barbara,
- Los Angeles. 9:434
B:UO? Stockton. Merced. Fresno ISiISf.
Bi3«r Martinez, Trscy, Mcndcta, Fresno,
■"-:-;■ "Mojave and l.os Angeles Sj4Ba
ft:B»P»anta 1 .• Konto. Atlrtiitio Uipresi
for Mojave mid lliist 6t43p
; oiOO.p CUic".p»-Ban F»nei£co Special, Ugileu
aud i:;ust.. 8i!»0»
«:OOp Hayward3, NilesandSan J05e...... 7»4f>A.
j •0:00 Vallojo 18«13p
J7:oor Vallejo. Port Costa and Way sta-
tions.. J»:ssp
8:"3r Oregon lOiiirfSß,Hucraffleiito. Marjs-i J ','. - ■-":
villo, ltc<l<line, Portland, Pnget
' fjoiind and IC;i!<t 8;13A
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gunge).
1 . (Foot of M.trkut Street.)
)7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Kanta
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {StOSr
8:13 a Newark.CenterTille.San Jose.Felton, ;
- ' Boulder Creek, ban t a Cruz and Way
•; .Stations »s3op
*Sil3p Newark, C'enterTillo, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Scnta Cruz and I'rlnclpal Way
Stations »1«:50a
4>lSp San Jose, Ulenwood and Way Sta-
• tions ......" txaoA
MilSp Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Bta<
■ tions /Dt2OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmEiN rRIKCISCO— root «f Hirktt Street (Slip 8) —
♦7:15 0:00 11.-OOA.U. {1:00 *2:00 13:33
•1:03 tB:OO *6:00iMl.
rrtmOAIUXD— of Bro«dw»T.— 8:00 10:001.M.
| tia.-OQ '1:03 12:00 «3:00 ti:00 '8:00r.W. i
COAST DIVISION (Rroail(.'angr).
i (Third and Townaend Sts.) •
•O:1Oa Ocean View, South b&n Francisco.. *0:30p
■ »7:O«a Ran Jo.«e and Way Stations (New
Almadsn Wednesdays only) •SiOOa
■ |7:80 a Sunday Excursion {or Santa Cras,
Pncino Grove and Principal Way
Stations }Si33r
• :OOa Han. Jose. Trasj Finos. K:iuta Cruz,
Parilic drove. Paso Itoblcs, Ban
1 Luis Oliiai'o, Surf, Lompoc aud
Priuclpnl Way Buttons 4:10p
10:40* San Joaeniunvay Stations 6:33*
I1:3Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations li3Op
i *3i43p San M»t!'O. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose.
Uolliater. Banta Crux. Salicas.
Monterey and I'acllle Grore «10:3»4
; »*iSOp Ban Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grot*
and Prlncii ai Way Stations *7:Bl>p
i *4:lSp San Joso ami Principal Way Stations O:J3a
1 •5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *ft:33A
5:30 p Ban Joso ami Principal Way Stations »9:O0a
- C::eor San Jose aud Way Stations 5:30p
fllt4ftp San Jf-sKr.iid Way Stations t'l'.lOe
A for Moruing. 1* 'Afternoon.
■ • Sunday etceiited. t Snnday only. t Sntnnlay only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday. ■
1 CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
: : LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
: Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St..
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
j WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
i 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
; at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
! and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DATs:— 6:lO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
i BUNDAYS-8:1U, 9:40, 11:10 a, m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
! i 6:25 p. m. *.n. V
| Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
I same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
, San Francisco. ' In Effect San Francisco.
I -" i April 16, [ ,
' .Week Sun- ! IMS. Sun- Week
j Days. days. j Destination. j days. j Days.
. 7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, |10:40 am S:4oarn
i 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 I'm 10:25 am
j 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Iv fa. i 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
' 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
A Hr-ald.«.hurs,
Lytton,
' ! Geyserville,
3:30 pin 8:00 am Gloverdale, j 7:C5 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am j Hopland and | 10;25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am, Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
i 7:30 am; 10:23 am
; 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
| 8:30 pm • . j 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am
' and j
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm; 6:20 pm
i 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10- 40 am 10:25 am
! 3:30 pmj 5:00 p,mi . I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Eprings and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Sk?.»fgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
I land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
■ Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, I,ake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at I'klah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside Lierley"s
! Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Huilvllle,
• Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
■ On-^s Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal,' Wlllltts. I.aytonville. Cum-
mlng*s, Bell's Springs, Harris, .Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points •
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bide.
j H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. !
' General Manager. .-■-•V Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalita Ferry.
Commencire April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '6:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. :
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, »6:00. 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
1 Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. »9:00. "10:00. 11:00. ll:J0 a.
m. ; 1:00, *1:45. »2:30. »4:00. 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. dees not run to San Raff Sundays.
'• 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, •6:40, 7:55. 8:40. «10:2»
a. m. ; 12:30. 2:15, •3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
' and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, *%:4&. n0:45, *U:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. »3:30. »5:15. *6:00. 7:00. 10:1$ <
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentfn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. is.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
: and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05.
1:20. 2:40. 3:65. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m. :.-..
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:W a. m week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and. way ata'r.s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUHI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
: From Jan. 25. ISS9,' trains will run as follows:'
South-bound. North-bound.
! Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
I Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
! 9:10 am 2:05 pm ' Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
i 10:40 ami 5:35 pm . Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:33 am' 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
I 11:59 ami 6:25 pml Vlaalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
: 12:15 pm 6:53 pm! Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco. •
' — mmm ~^ ■— — »—^ i— m
/^^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
aLk'9*J-£1 (* f 2t> KEAEA'Y ST. Estaollshal
Wi VsHI In JS34 for the treatment of Private
1R iJfct £U Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MCTBiaßßadisfaso^" oaring on body and mind ani
*Jss"Wf§Si« skin jDlwoses. The doctor cures whsoi
ajOMHSH "'hi is it il. Try aim. Charges low,
fFWßmcmmm Cns-theuai'.tntf pd, CM! or writ*
Jti-. J. *'» •AIBBOAt Box. Ws7, Sac iTraaclsaf
1112
THESPIANS` MUNIFICENT GIFT OF GOLD
Theatrical Managers' Benefit Yields Twelve Thou
sand Dollars to the Reception Fund,
Performance One of Exceptional Brilliancy and Each Successive
Number Was Greeted With Hearty Cheers From an
Audience Fairly Wild With Enthusiasm*
PROGRAMME, sir?
"I'd rather have a bouton
niere."
The maid, beaming, beautiful
and eager, rushed over to a be
witching Mower lassie ' and
brought back a tri-colored posy.
"Fifty cents," she modestly Bald, lie
dived .'.own deep into his gray tweeds,
pulled out a crisp green bill and crumpled |
it into her outstretched hands.
"Ten dollars:" ■.:.'.:-;'•■<: the maid.
"Never mind the change," said the man.
And that was the ruling sentiment at
the Orpheum matinee yesterday. it was
a sort of "never mind the change." all
round. Each and every one came to give
the best and most he had. It mattered
not whether it was in the coin of the
realm, enthusiastic applause, clamorous
patriotism or artistic services. The vast
assemblage km it was making history.
and though modest was bound its deeds
should be handed down in honor and
glory to Its sons. '
A kindred feeling ruled the multitude,
both within and without the theater. A
little maid in short skirts and pigtail 1- ft
her big-eyed, wondering little brother on
the edge of the sidewalk, and with grim I
determination written all over her freck
led snub-r.osed face marched boldly up to
the' box office. A moment later the maid
returned, bewildered and palpitating.
••There are no 10-cent seats," ' she said
to the diminutive man who waited for her.
"They're a dollar."
•Gee-whiz!" said the brother.
"You want to go in, sissie. said a
na's"er-by "Well, come along, kids, and
in quarters and dimes the stranger count
ed out the necessary money, shoved the
children through the door calling out as j
they passed in. "When the band-plajs
•The Spangled Banner' you want to
Cl Twelve thousand dollars was cleared by
the benefit. One dozen thousand dollars to
make fitting welcome for the California
boys* victorious return home. \\ ho as
tonished? Not ■■!.. man who said "Keep
the change," or the stranger who told the !
lh early as*!!)" o'clock, two full hours
before the Orpheum's hospitable doors
swung open, a stranger might have known
there was something "doing" on O'Farrell
street A curious, good-natured throng
lined the sidewalks, ail anxious for a good
look at the fortunate ones who would go
within. If perchance the wide-swinging
doors revealed a glimpse of the red, while
and blue lights and draperies within, there '
were murmurs of approval, and the same
pleasant greeting was wafted to well
known public men and handsome, distin
guished women as they stepped from their
carriages to the theater. :
Later In the afternoon the curious
crowd caught a glimpse of the players
In all the glory of stage dress and make
up, spick and span from the dressing
rooms of their respective theaters ma
ready for their individual parts in the
magnificent benefit programme. .
As for the audience proper, it came early
and remained until late. When half after
the noon hour Director Rosner raised his
baton and the splendid orchestra burst
into the inspiring overture nearly- all of
the vast audience had filed into their
seats. And there was no going out be
tween acts. Every one realized that the
theatrical offering was too choice and rare
• • :o miss any of it. and all stayed until the
j attractive end.
" .• The vast auditorium, with its graceful
■ ration '■( silken banners, tri-colored
." Jraperies, cool, green palms and twink
■ . mi? red, white and blue lights, was a
• r - scene never to be forgotten. The artistic
splendor of the house, however, could not I
l^tract from the dazzling beauty of the
naids that sold programmes and bouton
' lieres. So bewitching and irresistible wire
.he fair ones that even the theatrical
•• " nanagers lost their heads and purchased
' ■heir wares. Ellinghouse set the ball
i-rolling. Investing wildly in boutonniores.
" - Hark Thai] had a "go" at programme*.
\nd then all the managers entered Into
he competition. Much managerial money
*-as spent, but no official decision was an
. lounced. However, at the dose of the
let-to Ellinghouse. with a posy in each
buttonhole and his hands filled with flow
ers, was looking pale but firm, and Thrill
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
301 Seventh street. comer Mission. Bait
rater direct from the ocean.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
115 Montgomery St., Snn Francisco.
had retired to a corner where pretty May
Howard waa fanning him with a gaudy
paper toy. for which article the manager
gave her a silver dollar.
As might Jiave been expected. Mrs.
Townsend's box was the observed of all
observers. The generous lady in a natty
tailor suit ami stylish black velvet
et in which nestled a pink rose. ss,i
well v> the front of the loge. -At her rirht
Bat a soldier lad. Willie. Hums, the mascot
of the Montana regiment. Mrs. Townsend
lias legally adopted the youngster, and the
paper which makes the noble lady the
guardian of the mascot Willie carried y< s
terday as a talisman next hie heart. M*H. i
TOWnsend'S presence incited t'jei'rg.- Jack- i
son to forget the time and occasion, and
in a convenient Intermission to burst into
eulogy. The' enthusiastic orator took the
middle aisle and in mixed metaphor said
something about '"born in the purple and
wrapped in the red. white ami blue. An
honest man is the noblest work of God."
he continued, "but a woman, a woman—"
ll" stumbled and grew rale and Morris
Meyerfeld rushed to the rescue.
"Are you down on the programme?"
said Meyerfeld.
"I'm not," said Jackson, "but the occa-
sion demands—"
"No extemporaneous speaking." replied i
the manager. Jackson subsided, but not
before he had called for three cheers for
Mrs. Townstnd, a call thai was elamur- ,
. ouslyi responded to.
The most marvelous thing about the
great programme was the smoothness
with which everything went. There were
no hitches. Now and th<-n,a number was
shifted, and George Osbourne, looking like
an old Roman, came forth to mak<- the
announcement. Hut the change was al
ways a change for the better, shading, as
it were, the programme and lending a i
Bpicy variety. All the credit for this per- j
formance, which will go Into history as a
record affair of its kind, from a mana
gerial standpoint, is due to Georgi Lask
. of the Tivolt, Manager Morrisey of the
Orpheum, and Harry OrndorlT, stage
manager of the Orpheum.
As for the theatrical managers who
planned the monster benefit In all ..s
details, they were the happiest of all
happy mortals last evening. They went
round shaking hands with everybody, and
I in intervals of leisure looked admiringly
at their good right hands. But their
jo ' and .-uccess has not made them self
ish, and they send out grateful thanks to
\ F. Schleicher, for decorating th. 'I] -
pheum; Sievers ..1- Boland, J. W. Shana
han and Liekens, the Emporium florist,
for flowers; the members of the Theat
rical Employes' Protective Union No. is,
who postponed their regular meeting in
order to allow the men from the various
theaters to work on the stage; K. M. Ros-
nor and the Orpheum orchestra, who
played almost continuously from 12:30 till
6 o'clock. Also to Messrs. Simonscn,
Hlrscbfeld, Minriehs and Lada, the- or
chestra leaders from the Grand, Tivoli,
Columbia and Alcazar: Morris Peyser
and Millard Kruger. who looked after the
door, and Louis Morgenstern, the genius
of the box office.
Then there are special thanks to Mrs.
John Morrlsey, Mr. and ".vlrs. Shanahan,
Miss Helen Henry. Miss Violet Dale, Miss
Juliet Crosby, Miss Eliza McNeil. Miss
Daisy Grogan. Miss Ynez Dean, Miss
Maud Still. Baby Kuth and Little Hazel,
who sold the fragrant boutonnieres, and to
Miss Delia Btacey. Miss Nelllo Shiller,
Miss Mlndell Dreyfuss, Mis:- May How
ard, Miss Charlotte Beekwith, Mrs.
Dale, Miss Etta Butler. Miss Gertrude
Hayes and Miss Leila Mclntyre. who rile.
posed of the programmes. The good work
done by the ladies is attested by the 700
glistening dollars that represent the re
sult of their labors.
Last, but not 'least, the managers offer
thanks to the artists who contributed to
the following excellent programme:
Overture, augmented orchestra, under the
direction of E. M. Rosner; "Glimpses From
tii« Circus." the Seymours (Chutes), Glrdel
! lers Brothers (Chutes), Deonzo Brothers (Or
pheum): "A I View From the Vaudeville
i World," Bob Alden. assisted by Strap Hill
(Orpheum), ragtime folks; Miss Blanche Bates
and the Frawley Company from the California
Theater In "The Picture": Denis O'Sulllvan;
Tlvoll Opera Company chorus and orchestra
and the celebrated sextet from "Lucia" — Anna.
Llchter, Kuphemla McNeil. Barron Berthald.
William Mortens, Vincenzlo Fornari. William
Schuster; Anna Llrhter In the mad scene from
"Lucia" (flute obligate Louts Neubauer);
Caron and Herbert cirphfuml. Krotesque acro
bats; Llnton and Mclntyre (Orphoum), sketch
artist*; Miss Florence Koberta and * White
Whtttlesey, from the Alcazar Theater, In the
balcony scene from "Itomeo and Juliet"; Alex
nndra Dacmat (Orpheum), International char
acter' vocalist.
Henry Miller and company, from the Colum
bia Theater, in the one-act play by Clyde
Fitch, entitled "Frederic Lcmaitre"; .'the
American blocrapb; Edwin Ktevens in a new
monologue, finished with the coon effusion.
"My Josephine"; Irene Vlnton (Olympla). op
eratic vocalist: Clay clement and company In
the second act of "The New Dominion": Ks
meralda (Orpheum), musical artiste; Grand
j Opera-house Company in the third act of
"Dorothy"; Zoo "Matthews (Chutes), vocalist;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899.
Cardownio Troupe (Orpheum). International
dancers; prize cuke- walk, from the Chutes.
PARADE WILL ABOUND
WITH SHOWY DISPLAYS
The line of march of the land parade j
has been arranged as follows: Van Ness j
avenue to Market street, to ferry depot.
countermarching to Montgomery, to Cal
ifornia, to Kearny, to Market and out
Market past the reviewing stand.
James P. Dockery of California Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden West, having
accepted the position of section marshal
of tin- Native Sons, has commenced work
In earnest to arrange the several parlors !
of the order in the positions that they
are to occupy in lino. The parlors of Ala
meda County will make a good display in j
tills section. District Attorney Allen of |
Oakland Parlor No. .".0. Frank Burnett o f t
Piedmont Parlor No. 120, J. R. Knowland ;
of Halcyon Parlor No. 164, and Milton
Perkins, son of Senator Perkins, a mem
ber of Athens Parlor No. 195. have been
i in charge of the Alameda contin-
S One of the largest divisions will be j
that of the Foresters of America. Ihose
who have charge of this division expect ;
K. have more than £KW In line, together (
with an attractive float, and the whole;
order will act as escort to the Executive i
Council of the Companions of the horestj
of America, who will be the specia. i
guests of these Foresters. ....
Following the American order, the An
cient Order of Foresters will make a
creditable showing, as they expect to have
nearly 2000 in line. This order is arrang
ing to have a number of its members at
tired in the costume of the days of Robin
Hood, mounted, to lead the division.
The Woodmen of the World will turn
out more than a thousand men. and me
holies' auxiliary, known as the Women
of Woodcraft, will bo represented in line.
The men have n float representing a tog
ging camp scene, with the door of the
cabin thrown wide open, and above it will
be the motto. "All California Volunteers
Are Welcome to the Woodmen s < abin
The Knights and Ladles of Honor wHI
be represented by the grand officers and
the protectors of" the local lodges.
Pioneer. Lincoln, Mlzpah and America
councils of the Friends of the Forest have
red carriages: in which officers of the
several lodges will ride. Each carriage
is to be artistically decorated and illum
inated with many lanterns.
The movement to have a German divi
sion Beema to meet the approval of the
majority of the German societies, and it
is quite" likely that such a division will be
organized with a section marshal.
There is also a prospect of a Celtic di
vision in which all Celtic organizations
will be merged. Colonel T. F. Barry,
Jeremiah Deasy ami Edward I. Shoehan
called at headquarters yesterday to say
that there will be not less than twenty
four Irish societies in that division, in
cluding the Ancient Order of Hibernians.
The Grand Army posts of Alameda
County have concluded not to take part
in the" purely military display.
Pickwick Lodtre of the Sons of St. j
George has decided to appear in line in
carriages. Burnaby Ixidge will probably
fall in line with Pickwick.
The San Francisco Turn Vereln will
make a tine showing in gray turner uni
forms and will be escorted by the shoot
ing section of the vereln. On the line of
march the members of the gymnastic as
sociation will give exhibitions of fancy
evolutions.
Section Marshal Dockery and his aids
met last night and formed the Native
Sons' division, as follows:
Section marshal. James P. Doekery;
chief of Staff, 11. I. Mukreavy; chief aid.
Dr. Theo Ret hers.
FIRST DIVISION— marshal.
Henry E. Fau re; aids. John I-lnnhan and
W. ]>'. Hobro; band; California Parlor No.
1; float; California Argonauts No. 4; Pa
cific Parlor No. 10; Golden Gate Parlor
No. 29.
SECOND DlVlSlON— Division marshal,
L,. B. Mayer; aids. T. D. Lowney and T.
H. Casey; band; Mission Parlor No. 38;
San Francisco Drum Corps; San Francis-
CO Parlor No. 49; El Dorado Parlor No. 62;
Rincon Drum Corps: Rincon Parlor No. 72.
THIRD DIVISION— Band; Alcatraz Par
lor, escort to Alameda County parlors;
Alameda No. 47; Oakland No. 50; Piedmont
No. 120; Halcyon No. 149; Brooklyn No.
151; Athens No. 195.
FOURTH DIVISION— County
parlors; Sea Point Parlor-band; Sea Point
Parlor 158; Mount Tamalpais Parlor 167;
Nlcasio Parlor 153.
FIFTH DIVISION— Fred Suhr, marshal;
•band; Stanford No. 76; Yerba Buena S7;
Bay City 104; Nlantlo 106; National 118.
SIXTH VISION— H. Kohn, division
marshal; Hesperian Band; Hesperian Par
lor 137; Columbia 121; Alcalde 154; South
San Francisco 157.
SEVENTH DIVISION— Dr. E. F. Don
nelly, marshal; band; float; Sequoia 160;
Preclta 187; Olympus 193; Presidio I'M;
Marshal 202. _
TRAINLOAD OF PALMS
FOR STREET DISPLAY
The committee in charge of the decora
tions has been untiring In its effort.3 to
make a display that will eclipse in extent
and grandeur anything of the kind ever
attempted by the citizens of this city.
The plans which it has formulated anil Is
c arrying out for dressing the city in gals.
garb are original In design and unique In
character. The electrical display, which
lias already been described, will be a truly
wonderful sight, but none the less beau
tiful will be the palm and evergreen dec
orations which will line Market street.
The material to be used in this latter part
of the display will represent the generos
ity, patriotism and enthusiasm of nearly
every city and hamlet in the State.
The idea was advanced by A. Schilling
and received the hearty approval of the
other members of the committee. It was
with some apprehension as to results that
he addressed a letter to the executives
of the principal cities asking them to ap
peal t<» th.-ir citizens to make donations
of palms. Christmas trees and evergreens
to be used in transforming Market street
Into a beautiful vista. The responses were
so piitmpt and expressed so much liberal
ity that the success of the plan was us-
Kiired at once.
Twenty carloads of the evergreens will
arrive in the city in a few days. The
principal florists have donated their serv
ices to handle and arrange the decora
tions without delay. A large force of
volunteers will do the work under their
direction. ... _ .
A. B. Spreckels. president of the Park
Commissioners, offered the committee an
unlimited number of dwarf pines in boxes
for the occasion, and the generous offer
was promptly ' accepted. Superintendent
MacLaren will attend to the work of plac
ing them. These will not be branches, but
genuine, full grown trers.
Mr. Schilling, chairman of the cub-com
mittee on evergreen decorations, has been
overwhelmed with telegrams notifying
him of the willingness of the people to
fcl )B9 •> IBJ fel ISt )Belft^'iS^^iPß«
contribute. From Fresno came word that
a carload of palm leaves would be shipped
Friday. Modesto will fill half a car with
palms and evergreens. Palermo sends
notification that her citizens have 700
palms ready, llanford will furnish 1133
palm leaves; 500 will come from Marys
ville, and Tulare wires that two big dray
loads will be ready for shipment Friday.
These are but a sample of the contribu
tions. From all sections of the State the
offers are as generous, and it is calculated
that twenty cars will be filled with floral
decorations. ;
In this connection the committee lias is
sued the following:
Owing to the splendid generosity of
the Southern Pacific in placing at the
disposal of the California public its
fullest facilities for free transportation
of decorating material, we are In a po
sition to welcome substantial contri
butions. The Southern Pacific is treat
ing us right royally, and we rely upon
the public reciprocating by only send
ing judiciously selected material,- so
as not to overtax its magnificent con
tribution. Please consult with the sta
tion agent, who has instructions to re
ceive decoration material and forward
it free. Have him advise the division
superintendent of the quantity to move
and ask date when car will be at sta
tion. Must be in San Francisco not '
later than the 20th. - •;
GAYLY DECKED CRAFT
WILL MEET TRANSPORT
Preparations for the demonstration on
the bay when the California volunteers
arrive are going on apace. Extraordinary
efforts will he made to apprise every por
tion of the city the moment the transport
is sighted. The fact that Colonel Duboce
cabled that the Sherman will make for
the Farallones may cause some hitch In
the proceedings, especially if it is foggy,
as was the case Wednesday when the
Warren came In with the Colorado regi
ment.
Should this happen with the Sherman
the naval parade will be lacking in one
very Interesting- feature, as it is the in
tention to have the transport steam under
a very slow bell, followed by all the craft
which will participate in the parade.
George Dryden, chairman of the com
! mittne on noise, will request Chief Sul
-1 livan of the Fire Department to allow the
! whistles of the Market Street Railway
power houses on Hayes street and corner
of Tenth and Howard to blow their loud
est when the transport is reported.
Major Harney received several applica
tions from Chinese jesterday for tickets
jon the excursion boats. One Celestial de
sired to purchase tifty tickets. Another
i wanted to engage a tug for the exclusive
1 u=e of his countrymen, but the Harbor
; Commissioners were unable to accommo
: date him.
The steamer T. C. Walker has been se
i cured by the Native Sons and Daughters
: for the parade. The steamer will accom
modate ."00 people, and the tickets have all
been purchased by the orders named.
i lie work on the ferry building is pro
gressing rapidly, and will he completed in
three or four days. Yesterday a huge
sign. "All Welcome Home." in electric
i letters, was hoisted to the top of the
i tower.
Howard Holmes, chief engineer of the
! Harbor Commissioners, has made some
! pertinent suggestions in regard to the
! overcrowding of the grand nave at the
. breakfast to be given the returning sol
diers on the morning after their arrival.
' He suggests that the invitations be lim
ited to 2WO, as the space will not permit
;of any more people being handled with
i comfort. The tables will occupy at least
i half the space.
lieutenant Peterson is very anxious to
i have the Marion take part in the naval
pageant, and an effort will be made to get
the necessary permission.
SAYS CALIFORNIANS
WERE BRAVE AND TRUE
John Barrett, ex-United States Consul
General to Slam, has sent a contribution
from Now York to the reception fund, and
in his letter accompanying' pays a tribute
to the bravery and valor of the California
J volunteers, with whom he came in close
i contact in the Philippines. Here Is what
he writes:
Please find Inclosed a check for $10, payable
to you, as my modest subscription to the fund
being raised to defray the expenses of the
welcome to the returning First California Regi
ment. I wish that I could afford to give more,
because I have a great personal Interest in this
i brave body of men, whose record in the Phil
! ippines was not only faithful but brilliant.
Knowing nil the officers "and many of the rank
and file from the time they arrived at Cavlte
oveT a year ago I can hear testimony to their
worth and honorable record.
I only regret that engagements in the East
prevent my being in San Francisco when they
arrive to join in the hearty reception which will
be Riven them. In conclusion permit me to con
gratulate you and San Francisco on the splen
did hospitality it is showing toward all the re
turning regiments. Such generosity of treat
ment has made an excellent impression
throughout the East.
The finance committee has also decided
that those who are not generous tnouph to
contribute to 1 the fund. will not derive any
i STINGY CORPORATION -3
3 CAUSTICALLY REBUKED i
* *
* '.. *
i The Paltry Contribution of Market-Street $
* Railway Company Rejected. *
* *
'-X ■ ■•>•:■ ■;■-.'.'•.' -i-k
■H £— .p^HE citizens in charge of the reception have turned to the Market- +
| street Railway Company its donation of $250 to the fund. The action
I was taken yesterday at the meeting of the executive committee, for
I J^ the reason that the members considered that the company's check
was entirely out of proportion to the revenue it will receive from the
celebration and out of all comparison with the donations of other corpora-
jj Uons. The following letter was sent with the returned check: -^
->C H. X Huntlnpton, President Market-street Railway Company, City— Dear Sir: In -fc
justice, to the people of San Francisco we deem It our duty to return to you the In- -^
closed check of $250 which has been handed to our finance committee us the contribu- -jc
tion of the Market-street Railway Company to the fund being raised for the reception
_kj and benefit of our American volunteer troops, particularly the • California Regiment,
ij about to return from the war. -jc
_. We consider the amount out of all proportion to the contributions made by other _^
citizens , and corporations who will receive little or no benefit from the presence of _^
* visitors in our metropolis drawn here by the celebration. Your company, practically _
* controls our street railway system, and the benefits which you derive ought to bear jr
"* some relation to the amount of your subscription. Yours truly. ~f
•¥■ CITIZENS" EXECUTIVE COMMITTE. ~ . .*
I ■¥■ . CITIZENS" EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. *
I ■ft H. C. McPIKE, Secretary. ■¥■
• fc!ftft^fatolia!satotoiaßaßaSiisipaPsiPalsalsaPasaSßaPa«
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ■'.•'"
►■I ♦ i .■:■« : «i«! * i « i » i » i » i »■!■• •*♦*♦*« -i •i« I ■' "* ' i ' - 1 "*"'
■ EXCEPTIONAL VALUE IN KID GLOVES.
pair. These goods are positively a bargain.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS and STYLISH NECKWEAR,
Superior quality pure linen HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
50c grade reduced to 25c each; $2 75 per dozen.
Black • LIBERTY SILK COLLARETTES, pleated ends, extra
value; on sale to-day at 90c each.
LIBERTY SILK JABOTS, white shirred with narrow ribbon, in
the following shades: yellow, blue, heliotrope; on sale at Too
each.
MEN'S AND BOYS' NECKWEAR.
A special purchase of Men's and Boys' ALL SILK NECKWEAR in
Tecks, Puffs and Four-in-hands; all satin lined; regular price
25c; on sale to-day at 15c each.
BOYS' MIDDY suits.
■ROYS' FANCY TWEED MIDDY SUITS in neat brown and gray
checks;* heavy material; coats and vests neatly braided and
metallic lined and pants double stayed; this day's price, $1 60
a suit. __ |
[fly Murphy Building, f
Market ml Jones Streets.
WILL PROVIDE
A FUND FOR
THE WOUNDED
* £=r=3HK citizens' executive com- *
* iPmittee .will have an interest- ■*
* ing visitor at Its meeting * ;
* friend," has signified her intention *
* but which will be of a nature that £
* is not unusual with Mrs. Town- * ;
* send. She will tender the commit- •£
* tee $5000 to be set apart as a spe- *
* clal fund for the care of the sick £
* and wounded soldiers of the Call- £
* fornia regiment, and will ask the *
* members to use their judgment in £
* its distribution. Mrs. Townsend is ■ *
* the lady who bid $1000 for each of •*
* two boxes at the Orpheum benefit- ■*
la m ?m A la Ps (a ft Pa*
j
1
benefit from the celebration if i^is.wjtWn
their province to prevent it A number
of hotel keepers and merchants oa Market
street between Golden Gate and \an
Ness avenues, have been decidedly back
ward n contributing, and the committee
will recommend to tW in charge of the
mrade to change the line- 01 march so
that it will C pass along Golden Gate ave
nue from Van Ness avenue to Market In
stead of in front of the places of those
who have refused to assist in paying for
the fun. M
MANSON SUGGESTS A
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT
Marsden Manson, the eminent engineer, ;
advocates the erection of a monument in
honor of the California boys. His ideas i
and sentiments are expressed in the fol- I
lowing letter which he has sent to the j
citizens' executive committee:
It is a matter of pride with all our citizens
to nute the spirit -in which the returning vol
unteera of this State are to be received. But
when we analyze the mode of expression which
characterizes the preparations now beins made.
there Is an evanescence about It that is not j
fully worthy of either our young men of the ,
State nor of the spirit which calls It forth.
When this reception is over, the hlaze >>f nun- ;
dreds of thousands of electric light! Is turned !
off and the wire? taken down, the green of the
r.ilm and redwood fades and they too are re- j
moved, and we have left the memory of a
grand display— a triumphal procession. But
eVen this memory will fade as the hearts wnich
cherish It erase to beat. Something more per
manent-something which even the hand _ of
Time will be forced to spare for unto'' l g ? n *J~
itlons-Would tell those yet unborn that the
Californians of to-day appreciate the Patrtot-
Ism and self sacrifice of her «OM who sprung
to war when their country called. I. therefore |
suggest that proper steps be taken to erect
at Some suitable point, such as the Park a |
monument in granite and in brOMe. »hch
will commemorate the names and deeds of the
California Volunteers.
WILL DELIVER MAIL
ON THE TRANSPORT
Superintendent Ford of the San Fran
cisco Postofflce announces that all iett rs
for members of the First California Regi
ment will be delivered aboard the Sher
man as soon as the transport reaches the
Golden Gate, nearly an entire day before i
the relatives and friends of the soldiers |
may erect them in person. Letters should
be "addressed in care of the ' transport
Sherman.
RECEPTION NOTES.
The citizens' executive committee held j
a four hours' session yesterday, gathering j
together the odds and ends of the work j
they have in hand and arranging the final
details of the celebration. The fireworks
committee's appeal for $5500 for the pyro
technic display was allowed.
The Musicians' Union sent a notification
that It would be hardly likely the mem
bers would volunteer their services In the
parades. Mayor Thelan expressed the
opinion that It would be hardly fair to
ask them to do so, and the committee's
previous request was withdrawn.
Commttteeman W. J. Martin reported
thai he. in company with Congressman
Kahn had visited Admiral Kautz and
Captain Terry on board the lowa and re
quested them to take the battleship out
to meet the Sherman. The officers would
have been pleased to comply, but- the
ship is undergoing extensive repairs and
her machinery Is not in working order.
The admiral will be asked to fire a sa
lute when the Sherman arrives.
The Young Ladies' Institute has char
tered the steamer Grace Barton and will
take part In the great naval parade.
Tickets will be 75 cents and can be pur
GOLD STILL
POURING IN
* • *•
-X C~|p-3HE finance committee is *•
*.. hopeful from the way in *"
* which checks are coming J
I ■ *^ in that the reception J
£ fund will speedily reach the 3^
+ $50,000 goal. Among- the big ad- jf.
+c .ditions reported yesterday were: *-
-X Arion concert, $1304 50; Mrs. *-
* Phebe Hearst, $500; Yen Hoy *
■* Company, $426; Board of Super- *
"* visors, $135. These, with other *
* handsome donations, brought '5
£ the total to $28,656 35.
.* To this comfortable sum the
amount realized by the big Or- *.
-ft I pheum benefit yesterday will *•
■* " soon be added, swelling the fund *■
* ' to something like $40,000. *
* *
chased from the secretary at Loyola Hall,
Tenth and Market streets. The young
ladies will also participate in the day
parade and will be escorted by the Young
Men's Institute.
Fresno will send its quota of representa
tives to San Francisco to welcome the re
turning volunteers. Interest in the home
coming of the boys has grown to almost a
fever heat within the last few days, and
there is every indication that Fresno will
be largely depopulated when the trans
ports arrive. Brigadier General Muller of
the Third Brigade, accompanied by his
staff and Companies C and F of the Sixth
Regiment, N. G. C, will head the Fresno
delegation. •
Napa as a city will not celebrate the
coming home of the California boys from
Manila. Company H of the Fifth Regi
ment, N. Q. C, will participate in the
grand reception at San Francisco. They
will go by the steamer Zlnfandel fifty-five
strong.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I "THE BEST RAMBLERS i
■ EVER BUILT." ||
g| BICYCLES pi
I $40. I
I THOS.H. B.VARNEY, I
|f| Market and 10th Sts.,S.F. pj
Rfl Open Wed. and Sat. fe§
; %- Evenings.
A Week free f« §
Treatment and Medicine =Jtei' §
FOR g| S
Catarrh, Deafness, 1 ska
NOISES IN EARS AND |ssf
THROAT DISEASES.
NEW INVENTIONS and v£& }
NEW ANTISEPTIC MEDI- ||$^ ,6|£l;-
t'INES that gives marvel- gy gga
t.us cures, oven after other :^k rf^9
treatments fail- Over ""- Si: ,^^W:
tost cases. 95 per cent sue- S TSmbbV^
ceFsful. So satisfactory Is |X .Ji^Ht^
the treatment that I make
no charge to try It one week. m^^^ESs2iJ
Write for literature and symptom blank or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m., . 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
When
Good Tea
Big Presents
Are Wanted
Try
Great American Importini Tea Co
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE
100 STORES.-
T3OTtC!ril7C FOR BARBERS. ■ BAK-
DilUOn£<O ers. bootblacks, bath-
"*" houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper,
i iiangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
.stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.