VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 138.
SIEGE OF KIMBERLEY
BEGUN BY THE BOERS
Capture of Cecil Rhodes Be
lieved to Be the Main Object
of the Invading Army From
the Transvaal.
Shots Are Exchanged Between Pa
trols and Burghers Near Lady
smith, but an Attack on the Town
Has Not Been Attempted.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, Oct. ij.— The
Daily Telegraph this morn
ing publishes the following
dispatch from its special corre
spondent.
"LADYSMITH, Sunday, Oct.
15. — All is quiet along the
front The Boers are on the
western side of our lines, but
are still keeping near the passes,
although within the Natal border.
Fine weather and moonlight
nights may induce a forward
movement on their part, or at
any rate, some raids.
"The only shooting thus far
has consisted of an interchange
of shots between patrols on the
Dundee side and a party of
Boers who had crossed Buffalo
River, but no casualties occurred.
Boer scouts are out upon the Na
tal side of Buffalo River.
"I have learned that a number
of Transvaal Boers are with the
Free State Boers on the south
side of Bothnas Pass.
"Ladysmith Camp is in a splen
did defensible situation. It is a
healthy place, and our men and
horses are thoroughly fit. Boer
patrols have been seen occasion
ally, but they were twelve miles
from camp." \
The I >aily Mail's Cape Town
correspondent, telegraphing Sun
day evening, says:
"Kimberley is besieged and the
Boers are massing in force. No
details, however, are obtainable.
"The Boers have cut the rail
way at Belmont, have seized the
Spyfontein Railway station and
MAP OF THE VICINITY OF MAFEKING.
This shows how Colonel Baden-Powell's forces have been cut oft by the Boers,
who have seized the railroad both north and south of them, aa will as' ths
water supply at RooJgrond.
The San Francisco Call.
constructed fortified earthworks.
There are strong defending
forces at M odder River and the
Orange River.
"The object of these energetic
operations is believed to be the
capture of Cecil Rhodes. Kim
berley is now isolated, both rail
way and telegraphic communica
tion being cut."
The state of affairs at Maf eking
can only be conjectured. The
occupation of Newcastle by the
Boers was prepared for and ex
pected, the place having been
abandoned by the British.
Very heavy rains and snows
are reported, which hamper the
Boer movements, and they are
finding that they began too late
to easily obtain the. initial suc
cesses counted upon.' They evi
dently find the advance upon La
dysmith difficult, either from the
north or west, as General Sir
George Stewart White's recon
naissance seems sufficient to
deter them for the present.
The peaks of the Drakensberg
Range are covered and the
storms which have occurred
must have caused the Boers great
discomfort, which probably ex
plains their failure to attack Gen
eral White. Masterly inactivity
characterizes the operations of
both sides.
Persistent rumors are in circu
lation that the Schreiner Minis
try to Cape Colony has been
dismissed and that Rose Innes
had been asked to form a Cabi
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
net. These rumors, however, are
without foundation.
Sir Alfred Milner has wired to
Mr. Chamberlain the text of an
inflammatory circular, which
Field Cornet Viljoen circulated
in Johannesburg some weeks ago
with a view of incensing the Afri
kanders on both sides of the
Orange River against England.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Dally Mall's
Glencoe correspondent under date of Sun
day says:
"A force under Commandant Viljoen
from Spitzkap occupied Newcastle Satur
day afternoon and, lt Is reported, planted
their flag over the town hall. It is ru
mored that the Boers have captured a po
lice patrol of six men at De Jagers Drift,
on the Buffalo River."
Lord Salisbury has Issued a summons
for a Cabinet meeting; to-morrow. The
Government has secured the steamer
Arawa, which was to have sailed from
j Avenmouth to-morrow for Montreal with
1000 passengers. The Australian Govern
ment has secured the White Star line
steamer Medic, now at Melbourne, to con
vey the Australian contingent to South
■ African • : J7J----'-'~"^ — «~-~--~-^*-*>-«"*'«-'-- ■*-- *
Th'; Prince and Princess of Wales have
each subscribed £200 to the Mansion
House fund for the relief of South African
refugees. .
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Morning Leader telegraphing Sunday
night says:
"It is reported that fighting began at
Kimberley this morning. The railway has
been cut at Belmont."
A special dispatch filed at Dundee, Na
tal, Sunday afternoon, reports that Com
mandant Viljoen's force had left New
castle for Dannhauser, where the Trans
vaal flag has been hoisted over the town
hall. _
INVESTMENT OF
LADYSMITH NOT
YET ATTEMPTED
DURBAN, Oct.' 15.— following offi
cial statement has been published:
"The general officer commanding at
Ladysmith issued forth on Friday morn
ing with a strong flying column and oc
cupied a position covering Ladysmith.
He reconnoitered for the enemy, who
showed no disposition to advance. They
are reported to be inside the Berg at the
foot of Tintwa Pass in force, with a sec
ond command at Olivers ♦ Hock. The
troops have returned to quarters."
It is reported from Glencoe that a large
commando, believed to be Free State
Boers, under Commandant Viljoen, Is at
the foot of Bothas Pass, one and one
half miles on the Natal side of the bor
der.
The Transvaal flag has been hoisted at
Charlestown and Commandant Viljoen
has sent a message to Newcastle saying
the Boers would hoist the Transvaal flag
there on Saturday, but that the people
need not be afraid, as everything the
Boers take will be paid for. They want
to slaughter the cattle. Many people are
left in Newcastle, Including women and
children.
A train of wagons, five or six miles in
length, was seen descending Molls Neck
toward Doornkorp, north of Woolsdrlft.
BOERS CAPTURE
NEWCASTLE AND
KAFFIRS JOIN THEM
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— A Journal cable
from Dundee, Natal, says: I came here
from Newcastle on Friday night, leaving
that town, from which most of the inhab
itants had already fled. Early in the
morning two Kaffir scouts came ln and
reported seeing a large body of Boers at
Spiskop making into Natal. Later lt was
ascertained that the enemy was only a
strong reconnoitering party. But the In
formation caused much anxiety among
the Inhabitants remaining, and Inspector
Pelley and Railway Superintendent Little
john telegraphed to headquarters. They
received orders to evacuate. The post
office and railway station were closed
quickly, while the inhabitants assembled
and boarded trains. Crowds of natives
begged to be taken along. Many were
accommodated.
Just as the train was about to leave the
Kafllr scouts reported the Boers behind
Signal Hill, four miles away. Three white
men and their families decided to remain
in Newcastle. These were Magistrate
Jackson, Police Superintendent McDonald
and Station Master Sims, all of whom are
on friendly terms with the Dutch.
Sims tetegraphed me after the train left
that the Boers, numbering 300, had en
tered the town and informed the pecpie
that all would be well treated and that
there was nothing to fear.
While this force was occupying New
castle a line of wagons several miles long
was observed to the eastward, passing
along the Transvaal side of Buffalo
River. It camped last night at a farm
near Buffalo oridge, fifteen miles -from
Newcastle.
Five thousand Kaffirs in charge of two
Europeans, marching from Johannesburg
arrived at Newcastle yesterday morning
and stopped outside the town. The Boers
and inhabitants sent them food and sup
plies, and after a short rest the huge
procession resumed its march, passing
outside the town. .
The main body of Boers, 15.000 men. left
Newcastle to-day, marching south along
the railway line, intending to proceed to
This place has been occupied by the Boers. To the north of the town Is Signal Hill, which was useu as a heliograph station during the war of ISSO-81 and to which
the news of the defeat of the BrlUsh at Majuba Hill was flashed from Prospect Hill; near the scene.
NO BRITISH KILLED WHEN THE
ARMORED TRAIN WAS WRECKED
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, Oct. .15.— Daily News correspondent at Cape Town has Interviewed Flowerday, driver of the armored
train which was wrecked by the, Boers at Krapan. The Boers opened fire from a sluit (ravine) close by th" rail
road. The party on board the train, numbering fifteen men, took shelter in the armored carriage. A heavy rifle
fire was kept up all night.
"When morning broke the Boers brought up artillery. The defenders hung out flags of truce. These were disre
garded by the enemy, who continued firing for a quarter of an hour. Then, however, they ceased and galloped up on
horseback. ,,.- ...— -<;■>- •",'. •-■- *■„■-'•■-■ :.--■• "; '• '•' --"■*-' l^Tf *-*■--, 7 ~- - • ;-;-• .*• -..■■■ _ .
Several of the little British party were wounded. Flowerday believes that none were killed. - -...„ ... -^ .;.,.., J
The Boers afterward directed an artilley fire on the engine, firing seven shells.
"W hen the pilot engine was derailed," said Flowerday, "we spent a half hour trying to get lt back on the track.
Then the Boers commenced firing and several men were wounded. The firing was kept up all night, but without effect.
The Boers were careful to concentrate their fire upon the engine so as to save the armored carriage and ammunition
trucks. At dawn they commenced to bombard the cars. I escaped by crawling a mile and a half on my belly in the
sand. When both engines were destroyed Captain Nesbltt exhibited flags of truce, but the Boers continued their firing
for another quarter of an hour. '. r .\ : yy 7j
"There Is no doubt that all the others on the train are prisoners and that the carriage and ammunition intact
fell Into the hands of the Boers."
Dannhauser, which is only ten miles north
of Glencoe and fifteen miles from Dundee,
Other commands are also moving down
both sides of the Natal border, threaten
ing to inclose Dundee and Ladysmith.
Apparently the Boer forces are march
ing in three columns. Viljoen commands
the center and has the artillery. Colonel
Schiel, formerly of the German army and
with a German contingent, accompanies
him. A strong force was left to occupy
and hold Newcastle, and the flag of the
South African republic is now floating
over the Newcastle town hall.
An attack on Dundee on Monday or
Tuesday is expected. The Boers will have
no difficulty in capturing it, and we will
retreat to Ladysmith, where the British
will make their stand.
8 p. Three men, who rode all night
from Ingogo, have just arrived. They say
that 16,000 Boers, with twelve guns, ar
rived at Ingogo, north of Newcastle, on
Friday noon, looted the stores and passed
southward. This force evidently is the
same that occupied Newcastle.
A Kaffir scout reports that the Boer
army has reached Ingagane, less than ten
miles south of Newcastle and about
twenty-five miles north of Dundee. The
advancing column probably has reached
Dannhauser, fifteen miles north of Dun
dee, to-night.
The Boers are compelling Rand refugees
to help haul their cannon.
BOERS MOY NOT
HAVE TRIED TO
TAKE MAFEKJNG
CAPE TOW Oct. 14 (delayed in trans
mission).—Five hundred Boer troops oc
cupy Border Siding, northward of Four
teen Streams, with cannon, where they
are. waiting to destroy the dne or attack
Fourteen Streams.
The railway telegraph officials have
abandoned Maribogo. The nearest Brit
ish point of communication, therefore, to
Mafeking, Is understood to be at Setlago
-111. sixty miles away.
tide It is the general belief that the
Boers are attacking Mafeking, there is
still no confirmation of the reports. If the
Boers had met with any success it would
surely have been announced, as the only
telegraphic communication is in the
nanus of the burghers. The absence of
news, therefore, is regarded as a good
sign. _ .
CENSORED NEWS
TELLS OF RETREAT
OF THE BOERS
DURBAN, Oct. Owing to the rigor
ous censorship maintained news from the
front Is greatly delayed, and reaches here
in disjointed dispatches.
It Is learned from an authentic source
that a large number of troops, Including
cavalry, artillery and Infantry, left Lady
smith early on Friday morning with wag
ons, going in the direction of Acton
Homes, where the Boers are reported to
be encamped. ...
The Dublin Fuslleers arrived from Glen
coe by train at 11 o'clock, and proceeded
in the same direction. There has been no
engagement, the Boers retreating. The
British troops remain at a point ten miles
from Ladysmith, with the exception of
the Dublin Fuslleers. who returned to
Glencoe. General Sir William Symons
having wired that an attack was ex
pected there Saturday morning.
The Boers possess Brakwal • station,
twenty-flve miles west of Ladysmith, and
detachments have also been seen by car
bineers at Besters, two stations nearer.
The carbineers retired, and the Boers re
treated in the direction of Brakwal.
AMERICA'S ACT DEPLORED.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— A r Sun cable
from London saya; A dispatch to the
VIEW OF NEWCASTLE, UPPER NATAL
Times from Odessa says that official cir
cles throughout South Russian view with
great disappointment and regret the ac
ceptance by the United States of the care
of British interests in the South African
Republic. It is held that the action of
the United States indicates moral sup
port of Great Britain.
GERMAN NEUTRALITY.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 14 (delayed in trans
mission). — The German Consul-General
has issued a proclamation of neutrality,
commanding all Germans to hold aloof
from hostilities.
• m .
NO BATTLE FOUGHT.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 15.— The rumor that
a heavy engagement had occurred at
Spytsfontein is without foundation % The
railway officials have received a dis
patch announcing that the railway line
was torn up for two miles beyond the
Modder River, but no mention was made
of fighting having occurred. .J.J
MARCHAND WOULD FIGHT.
PARIS, Oct. 15.— Major Marchand, who
commanded the French expedition into
the Soudan, it is stated, wished to go and
fight for the Boers as revenge for being
obliged to withdraw from Fashoda, but
the Government refused him permission
to Join the Boer forces. *77j:7-7.V
WELL TREATED BY BOERS.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 15.— Conyngham
Greene, British agent at Pretoria, re
ceived every civility on his journey from
the Transvaal capital. Six of President
VIGOROUS MEASURES PREVENT
AN UPRISING IN MANILA
MANILA, Oct. 15.— The authorities were informed yesterday
from reliable sources that an outbreak in the poorer districts
of Manila had been carefully planned for daylight on Sunday.
It failed to occur, probably on account of the vigorous measures
enforced. Many natives of the Tonds district left, taking their
valuables. All the smaller shops, which the guards usually force
to close at 8:30 P. M., were shut at sunset. A general feeling of
uneasiness was apparent.
The guards of the city were doubled and a strong force sta
tioned at the slaughter-house, the center of the unruly section.
Two guns of the Sixth Artillery were stationed near by at a point
commanding the native quarters. The commanders of the reserve
troops were ordered to be prepared for a call at daylight.
Three native policemen have been arrested on a charge
of plotting an uprising. The fact that their comrades informed
the authorities of their treachery indicates that the police force is
loyal.
Kruger's bodyguard accompanied Mr.
Greene to the border of the Free State,
and he received the same treatment from
the Free State.
The news of fighting at Modder River
is not confirmed. The station master at
Modder River telegraphs that Boers from
the north and south have taken Canger
shat, which they are fortifying.
MULES FOR SOUTH AFRICA.
BONHAM. Tex., Oct. 15.— Ed Stager of
this city, an extensive dealer in mules and
horses, has just filled a contract with the
British Government for 1500 mules for
service in South Africa,
NATAL SUBJECTS JOIN BOERS.
DURBAN, Oct. 15.— Two extraordinary
gazettes have been issued. The first pro
claims martial law in Newcastle, Dundee,
Klip River Unsiga and Upper Tugila di
visions. The reason given is a belief that
Natal subjects have joined the invading
Boers and assisted the enemy. The other
gazette reminds British subjects of their
obligations to the Queen and warns them
to abstain from intercourse and trade
with the Transvaal and Orange Free
State., vytfr)
JOUBERT AT LAINGS NECK.
i DURBAN, . Oct. 15 (evening).— The
Boers who have occupied Newcastle con-
sist of Transvaalers, Free Staters and 400
Hollanders. General Joubert is believed to
be at Laings Neck, which he is fortifying.
♦
BOERS MARCHING SOUTH.
GLENCOE CAMP, Oct. 15 (night).—
Boer commands have passed Ingagane,
marching south. .^Kf >»:
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BOERS FAIL
TO AMBUSH
A TRAIN
Derail the Locomotive, but
:. It Is Righted and
Gets Away.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VRTBURG, Cape Colony, Oct. 15.— A
hospital train that started for Maribogo
has just returned after an adventurous
journey. It had reached a curve on a cul
vert 700 yards south of Maribogo and had
just slackened speed when it was ob
served that the rails ahead had been up
turned. The brakes were applied but the
engine passed onto one rail partly raised
and was derailed. The occupants Imme
diately righted the engine. At the same
time it was observed that a party of
Boers were galloping into line east of the
railway, but well on the Cape Colony side
of the border. Some of the persons on the
train declare that they saw a cannon
pointed at the train. The intention of the
Boers was apparently hostile. The train
ran back to Vryburg at full speed, the
engine flying a white flag with a red cross.
Picks and shovels were seen lying about,
and the Boers had apparently been dis
turbed while removing the rails.
It is learned that previous to the start
ing of the train Maribogo telenhoned Vry
burg asking that a train be sent up. as all
was quite safe. The operator at Vrvburg
recognized the voice as that of a Euro
pean store clerk. In view of the subse
quent report that the Boers were remov
ing the rails it is believed the Boers com
pelled the clerk to speak through the tel
ephone.
The nearest Boer command to Vryburg
is laagered north of Schweizerrenek,
twenty miles distant and two miles in
side the Transvaal. The command sent
a message to the Vryburg railway station
that if the delivery of three wagonloads
of meat and two wagonloads of sugar, re
ceived a week ago. were refused, the
Boers would send 600 men to take them.
This morning all the goods at the station
were made up in two special trucks.
Lieutenant Mason Dead.
WASHINGTON. Oct. Word has been
received here of the death at Sugurtles
Depot. N. V., of Lieutenant Commander
T. M. B. Mason, U. S. N., retired. Com
mander Mason was a native of New York
and was 51 years of age. He was Instru
mental in developing the office of naval
Intelligence, which proved of great value
to the Government during the Spanish-
American war.2
WEATHER INDICATIONS
FAVORABLE FOR A RACE
Fifteen=Knot Breeze Prophesied for
To=Day's Contest of the Yachts
Off Sandy Hook.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Weather permit
ting Marconi will to-morrow resume nis
wireless reports for The Call. To-night
the barometer was falling and those who
pretend to be weather-wise 'were predict
ing that a fifteen-knot breeze would be
blowing off Sandy Hook to-morrow.
Twice within the last week attempts
have been made to "jam" the currents
made use of by Signor Marconi in send
ing messages through' the air. Each ef
fort was vain. Others ma;, be made. They
will be equally futile. From .ne towering
mast of the Grand Duchesse. signals are
sent and received, and protected as he is,
Marconi is in a position to defy interfer
ence from man. Even the elements havo
thus far been his allies. No condition of
weather has yet been encountered whit
interferes in any way with the wireless
telegraphy.
For the benefit of those who have In
terested themselves In the efforts to in
terfere with Marconi no malice has been
harbored. Furthermore, if they will pro
vide themselves with tickets for a pleas
ant trip on the Grand Duchesse, Marconi
Will undertake to convince them how
harmless their disturbances have been.
• On the return of the Grand Duchesse to
her pier, just north of Desbrosses ferry,
to-morrow night. Signor Marconi will be
taken charge of by a committee of the
Italian Chamber .of Commerce. During
the evening he will be the guest of his
countrymen in this city at a banquet to
be given in his honor. Every Italian of
note in Xew York will be present, while
several will ue in attendance from Boston,
Philadelphia, Chicago and New Orleans.
STACHTSMEN TAKE A REST
Day of Absolute Quite on Both the
Boats.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Columbia
and Shamrock did not leave their moor
ings Inside Sandy Hook to-day. Not a
sail cover was taken off, notwithstand
ing the fact that the sun shone brightly
a good part of the day and would have af
forded an .excellent opportunity to dry
out \yhat dampness there might have been
in th"6 canvas. It was an- off day for the
crews of both boats and, barring a watch
of half a dozen men on each craft, not
a soul was on board. Captain Barr spent
most of the day in town. He has every
confidence in the Columbia, for he says
the months that he. has sailed her In all
kinds of weather during the past summer
have convinced him that she is superior
to the English cutter. The sight of the
big kites that the Shamrock has been
displaying during the past two weeks,
especially the huge club topsail, does not
cause the little Scotchman any alarm, for
lie feels that they Will 'not be of any use
in a breeze that will move the challenger
at anything more than a snail pace.
Most of the Shamrock's men were
ashore at Sandy Hook till the forenoon.
They visited as many points of interest
about the place as the Government offi
cials would allow; A number fished for
a few hours off the point of the Hook.
SAYS BEDLOE
DID NO WRONG
Edwin Hay's Defense of
the Consul.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHIXGTOX, Oct, 15.— Edwin B. Hay,
counsel for S. W. F. Sylvester, owner of
the steamer Abbey, which was seized as
a filibuster carrying arms and ammuni
tion to the Filipino insurgents, to-day
made the following statement In defense
of Dr. Edwin Bedloe, United States Con
sul at Canton, China, against whom
charges wero made in connection with
the grant of an American registry to the
Abbey: : "' 'JJ 7
"Sylvester sold only one parcel of arms
and ammunition to the Filipinos and that
parcel was sold at a time when the same
was equivalent to assisting the United
States forces, the whole transaction be
ing made with the full knowledge and
consent of the United States officials.
"On or about June 6, 1883, Sylvester en
tered a contract with the Filipinos to sell
and deliver 5000 Mauser rifles, dOO.IWO
rounds of ammunition and two Maxim
guns, the price to include cost of a
Bteamer delivery, etc. ' The British
steamer Basis was purchased, the
merchandise secured and details arranged
for the expedition, but as the goods were
being placed aboard the steamer the Br*t
lsh Government revoked the export per
mit.
"Sylvester believed it was his duty
either to deliver the goods or to sell to
the best advantage and make settlement
with the Filipinos for the cash they had
advanced. He tried in various ways to
get the expedition on! during Juno and
July, when, believing it would be impos
sible to accomplish this, he sold to the
Chinese officials at Canton the arms and
ammunition. The terms of this sale were
•ne-third cash, one-third in thirty days
and one-third in sixty days. Upon mak
ing the delivery the Chinese objected to
492 Mauser rifles and 500,000 rounds of am
munition, and as there was no ammuni
tion for the Maxim guns they declined to
accept these. This Sylvester left with the
goods on his hands, and also the ship, of
which. under the above conditions, the
Filipinos were the largest owners, and he
determined to try and deliver this small
quantity to close up the transaction.
"The Pasig was changed from a British
register to an American register, under
the name of the Abbey, In the United
States consulate at Canton, then under
charge of Dr. Bedloe. It was a purely
routine proceeding, and any other con
sular officer in Dr. Bedloe's place must
have acted as he did.
"The Abbey sailed from Canton about
August 28. Sylvester left Hongkong on
September 3 and arrived at Manila on
September 6. All stopped at Manila for
over a month, living at the principal
hotels and associating with army and
navy officers. The Manila newspapers
had full accounts of the landing of the
Abbey's cargo at Batangas, so that the
fact of the arms and ammunition being
furnished to the Filipinos was in posses
sion of the. army -and navy authorities,
and yet not a word was said. - ■ '• .'
"Sylvester, after arranging .for .the
final settlement and ■ transfer of the
steamer, left Manila near the end of Sep
tember, with all the ship's papers. He
had stipulated with Aguinaldo that the
ship was not to be used until he had time
to take the papers to Canton and cancel
then' thereby relleveing the United
StatflF Government from any • responsi
bility should the Filipinos use her in
carrying arms or troops in their cam
paign against the Spaniards of the
southern groups of islands during the
armistice and peace conference. The ship
was not to be transferred to the Filipinos
until after the registered papers had been
killed.
"Upon arriving at Hongkong Sylvester
learned that* a telegram had been sent to
Admiral Dewey at Kong station that the
steamer Abbey had : left Macao about
September 23 with a second expedition.
There was not the slightest foundation
for this report. It was actuated purely
by malice on the part of certain enemies
Blyvester had made in competition for the
To 'Cure a Cold in One Day "
..Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets... All
drugrtsts refund the money if it falls to cure.
JB. W. Grove's tlgnature is on each boa. 2m.
Shortly after 12 o'clock they went aboard
the Plymouth for dinner and remained
on board while the steamer was cruising
about the bay with Sir Thomas Lipton
and some of his guests. on the quarter
deck. The men want some wind for to
morrow's race, just as much as the Co
lumbia's crew do, and it is plain to see
that - the continuous failure of the wind
on race days has had a depressing ef
fect on them.
Captains Hogarth, Wrlnge and Parker
have predicted that there will be no wind
until Tuesday or Wednesday, or until
the moon changes, and as they made this
statement several days ago to Sir Thomas
Upton, and the forecast has so far proven
true, the opinion of these experts is well
worth consideration.
Captain Matthews of the Erin, skipper
with as long if not longer experience on
the water, holds the contrary opinion,
and says that there is just as likely to be
a steady wind to-morrow as a week from
that time, and that the change of moon
has been proven by statistics to have
nothing whatever to do with the weather
conditions. v. . .
BARR NOT ALONE.
Has a Corps of Competent Advisers
Always at His Side.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— There is a feel
ing among the Columbia people and by
this is meant the men who are managing
the boat— the public has been misled
to a degree in regard to the handling of
the Columbia on race days. They feel
that certain comments have been unjust,
in that they lead one to believe that Cap
tain Barr is entirely alone, so far as pro-
clonal talent is concerned. At the New
York Yacht Club to-day a yachtsman of
national reputation, and one deeply inter
ested in the success of the Columbia,
authorized the Associated Press to say
that not only is Captain Barr not alone
in the sailing of the American boat, but
he has at all times at his side for imme
diate counsel and advice the most skillful
yacht sailor in all the world in the person
of Nat Herreshoff.
"The owners and backers of the Colum
bia, including the amateur yachtsmen
on board, have the utmost confidence in
Mr. Herreshoff. not only as a skillful de
signer of racers, but also as a great race
sailor. . With Captain Charlie Barr at the
wheel and Designer Herreshoff at his
side the Columbia people are firm in their
conviction that the best professional sail
ors in the land have been engaged. Fur
ther than this, the owners and backers
of the Columbia, who are now on board,
have also the feeling that the profession
als ha% : e the backing of the best amateur
talent obtainable. They have just as
much confidence in Mr. Iselln and his
friends as ever, and they point to past
success and a whole season of admirable
management as a foundation of their con
fidence. .
This is the feeling among all the Colum
bia people to-night, and, so far as can be
learned.. it is the feeling of the New York
Yacht Club. There is no lack of harmony
in the management, and lest the Ameri
can public, so much interested in the boat,
should misunderstand the situation, a
leading yacht club man has asked this to
be made public.
Filipino business. The McCulloch was
sent to search for the Abbey and found
her- at anchor in Batangas Bay, whence
she will be taken to Manila on the express
ground that she had no papers. ...■-. -.-,-■ •
"There is absolutely no wrong in this
matter of the Abbey so far as Consul
Bedloe is concerned. His connection with
the case was purely incidental."
In proof of his statement Mr. Hay sub
mits letters from C. T. Yu. Secretary of
Foreign Affairs to the Viceroy of Nag
king, to' Mr. Sylvester, although a letter
from Third Assistant Secretary of State
Thomas W. Cridler declared that the
State Department had not on file any
charges against Sylvester growing out of
the Abbey's operations.
HAD PLANNED TO
KILL GENERAL JIMENES
PORTO PDATA, Oct. 15.-Several per
sons have been arrested in the capital- on
suspicion of connection with a recently
discovered plot to murder General Jime
nes. '7; '7-y: 77 •■ *
tour men entered the house of Pedro
Pepin, a former Governor .of Santiago,
recently and. fired upon him, but did not
hit him. The men escaped.
Former Governor Pepin and General
Richardo. Governor of Monte Christ!,
were notified by the Government that it
could not guarantee their safety if they
remained in Santiago. Both promptly left
the city and have arrived here to" em
bark for Porto Rico.
MURDER RESULTS AT
A CHRISTENING
SPRINGFIELD, Oct. 15.-One man was
killed and several wounded at a christen
ing at Auburn this evening during a riot
between Hungarian and Polack miners,
the result of a long standing enmity.
The Sheriff' and a number' of deputies
have left here for the scene. It is believed
the foreigners will resist arrest and that
a fight will.! ensue. The "wounded refuse
to allow physicians to see them. Two
men suspected. of the murder of the man
killed are being held by the latter's
friends
J&Jtfl^jjr NO MAILORDERS FILLED, j^^TW^WW^^S^.
J f^r\ \ ass, ' mere lesI es l ce 8 Suits,^^»
I/ " __m. " Double=breasted Suit,CoatandPants A
IhSKL M IFSk y^Sffii Ages 6to 15 (see to-morrow's paper) I 1
'- W^i^^^^f -^^^S%« Retail value of either $ 3,00 ; s P ecial offer S/.50 %l
 jgSg Wj '" // Jiiillf This extraordinary bargain — intended to create unusual" public interest in I
W^^^^ff' £ JSW our Way °^ re tailing "from loom to wearer," "from mill to man" direct — is con- I
v "'•B»i^ / MSM tinued for three days more — MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNES- I
'^ I*!™?/ / amp^l DAY. After that. prices will again be from $2 to $2.25. The regular retail /
'i ■ _^jrn 'wms___v _»___ «* V|^r%p T^T ■ • , \
iii H 9® 121-123 6ansome 51 M Pine 1
*"*" -y--H|:- Mfl WHOLESALE MANUFACTURERS OF CLOTHING. M
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
McKINLEY STOPS
AT SIOUX CITY
Spends a Very Quiet
Sabbath.
SPEAKS AT SUNDAY-SCHOOL
»
ENTERTAINED BY EX-CONGRESS
MAN PERKINS.
. »
In the Evening the Presidential Train
Starts Eastward and Will
Make the Next Stop at
Milwaukee.
.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Oct. 15.— Sunday
has been a quiet day for the Presidential
party. At 10 o'clock this morning the
train was brought down to the Union Sta
tion from a siding and the President and
Mrs. McKinley., with some members of
the- Cabinet, were conveyed in carriages
to the First Methodist Church. Although
no announcement had been made of the
President's intention to attend services
at this church, the building was crowded
and large numbers waited outside, unable
to obtain admission.
After service the party was conducted
by members of the local committee to the
Sunday school of the Whitefield- Meth
odist Church, where the President was
presented to the school by ex-Congress
man George D. Perkins. Addressing the
members of the Sunday school, Mr. Mc-
Kinley said:
"In the hioment I shall tarry, I have
only time to say to' this group of young
people and older people, 'hail and fare
well,' and wish for all of them the reali
zation of all that is noble in life and
church, under a Government of high priv
ilege and great opportunity."
Shortly after noon the • presidential
train was taken from the Union Station
and again conveyed to a side track five
miles from the city, in order to avoid the
scrutiny of the large crowds which con
tinued to throng about the depot. The
people of Sioux City expressed consider
able disappointment because of the late
arrival of the train last night and the
consequent inability to carry out the pro
gramme arranged for and allow the peo
ple a glimpse of the Chief Magistrate.
The President has been urged to attend
receptions and other functions of a pub
lic character to-day, but has steadfastly
refused, preferring to spend Sunday quiet
ly. Toward evening the President's pri
vate car was detached from the train and
he and the members of the Cabinet were
again conveyed to the city, where a quiet
dinner was enjoyed at the residence of
ex-Congressman Perkins.' The train left
for the East soon after 10 o'clock.
The weather was intensely disagreeable,
great quantities of dust filling the air
during the morning and a heavy wind
prevailing. Late in the afternoon a driv
ing rain set in and continued throughout
the evening. Governor Shaw and Senator
Allison accompanied the train in a pri
vate car and will make the trip with the
President as far as Dubuque. Milwaukee
will be reached to-morrow evening.
DEWEY CHEERED BY
CITIZENS OF BOSTON
Spends a Day at the Hub and Then
Leaves on the Federal Express
for the Capital.
BOSTON, Oct. Amid the cheers of
10,000 people Admiral Dewey departed
from Boston 'to-night on the Federal ex
press for Washington. The admiral
spent a very quiet day in the city rest
ing. After breakfast he spent some. time
with his mail ar.d then Governor Rollins
of New Hampshire called. Later, accom
panied by Lieutenant Brumby, the ad
miral left the hotel and walked through
the common to the Somerset Club, where
lunch was partaken of. When the time
came to nave the club the crowd was so
large outside the Beacon-street entrance
that the admiral and party stepped out
to the rear entrance to Branch street.
They walked through the public 'gardens
and nearly to Copley square, thence back
to the common, the admiral apparently
not being noticed. Several naval officers
called.
. The admiral had expressed a wish to see
the Shaw, memorial, so he and his friends
went again to the common and after,
viewing the tablet returned to the hotel,
followed by a large crowd of people. The
admiral remained in his apartments with
his son during the rest of. the afternoon
The. admiral left the ; hotel in a closed
carriage for the railway station under
the escort of about twenty mounted police
officers.. The crowd which followed was
a large one, but a greater one was at the
station. The party at once went aboard
the express, which immediately left, the
enthusiastic people running down the
track after it.
«-
THIBETAN KING DEPOSED.
TACOMA. Oct. 15.— Thibetan King
at Tachlenluh has been deposed by Chi
nese officers because he objected to x.n
agreement between Chiitese and Indian
officials at the Indo-Thibetan frontier that
Thibet must be opened to trade. The
King's; younger brother has been in
stalled in his place. The Liamos likewise
oppose the opening of Thibet and are
arming to fight the Chinese.
Millerand's Firm Stand.
LILLE,' France. Oct. 15.— M. Millerand,
Minister of Commerce, in a speech to
day, announced that M. Waldeck-Rbus
seau, the Premier, Intended to submit to
the Chamber of Deputies a bill dealing
with the law of association. The Govern
ment said that M. Millerand does not In
tend to permit political agitation under
the guise of religion.
BROADSIDE FIRED BY
SAMPSON AT SHAFTER
Admiral Declares the General Was
Too Ignorant to Understand the
Situation at Santiago. !
© BOSTON, Oct. 15.— Rear Admiral Sampson ln an Interview last night made %
4- another attack upon General Shatter, reaffirming the statements made ln his -4-
O speech at Morganstown, W. Va., claiming the credit of Toral's surrender O
X before Santiago on. behalf of Captain Chadwlck'of the navy, Instead of the. +■
+ army. In this address he declared that it was Chadwick, and not Shatter, ?
O who wrote the dispatch demanding the surrender of the Spanish forces, and q
4- that Shaffer had not thought of pressing demands. It was suggested by Cap- 4.
O tain Chadwick. He now says this was due to Shafter's Ignorance. Admiral O
4" ■ Sampson said: " : ,V. • % - •,' '-> i '"£
9 "When I made the speech at Morganstown I had considered carefully ,9\
O what I Intended to say, and I will retract none of my statements, for they are "T
4- all correct. I said that Shafter was not capable of understanding the results °
O of the battle because of his lack of proper education, and I will say so J
4. again. • :f . •• .' ' 7 •' 4-
O "It was solely through the efforts of Captain Chadwick -that Torai sur- o
4- rendered as soon as he did. Heretofore It has. been thought that' it was 4
° Shafter. In his report to the War Department Shafter; gave > himself the °
X whole credit, neglecting .to even mention Chadwick's name. This I did not J
4. think right, and I determined to correct the matter -as soon as I had the +
O opportunity. '7~y 7 ', "' > J u •: ■ O
4- "General Shafter has used his utmost efforts to give the Impression that 4
-0 it was he, and he alone, who forced the surrender .of the Spanish troops. I O
4- wish to correct this impression." .-- -'• .- ■>■ _- . ■■■ r 4-
O -777. .--»„•'. ■*.: 7- ■.-■ ' 7::-y\7,7 o
•4 0404 04 0+ o 4-0404-04-04-04-04-04-0404-04-64- 0 4-o+o-f 0404# j
SURVIVORS OF
LAURADA IN PORT
Brought to Seattle by
the Corwin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15.— the United
States revenue cutter Corwin, ~ which
reached here to-night, survivors are
brought of the steamship Laurada, which
lies a wreck in Zapadine Bay, St. George
Island. The Laurada, Captain Frank
White, left Seattle September 12 for Cape
Nome with a crew of forty-eight officers
and men and twenty passengers.
She encountered rough weather from th*
start and just before 6 o'clock on the
morning of September 13 was driven by
wind and current into shoal water in Ac
tive Pass,' but after a brief detention she
resumed her voyage. Being loaded deep
the heavy seas broke over her bow again
and again, and by the time the open sea
was reached it had become so serious that
she was forced to turn back and take the
inside passage to New Metlatkatlah,
where the thirty tons of lumber and fifty
tons of coal were put ashore. Thus light
ened she proceeded to Dutch Harbor,
which was reached September 25. At
Dutch Harbor thirty sheep were landed.
The Laurada left Dutch Harbor Septem
ber 26, encountering contlnuued stormy
weather.
On September 27 it was discovered that
a leak had been started forward by tha
pounding of the seas. This Increase, rap- I
idly and soon it became evident the pumps
would not much longer Keep the vessel i
afloat. She began to gradually settle by
the head. The only hope of safety now !
lay In reaching the Pribylof or Seal Is
lands, the southernmost of which St.
George, Is barely 225 miles from Dutch
Harbor. At 2:30 p. m. September 28, Cap
tain White, after having skirted the east
ern shore of St. George Island and finding
: it Impossible to make a safe landing, ran :
! the now sinking Laurada ashore in the !
shallow waters of Zapadine Bay. The fire
in the lower grate had by this time been !
extinguished by the rising sea waters and
the stokers were wading in the flreroom
up to their knees. , r^
On the side of the island are two small
frame salthouses, used for the storage j
and curing of sealskins by the North
American Commercial Company, which
has a lease of the islands from the Gov- i
ernment. The smaller of these was va- j
cant, and the crew and passengers of the i
Laurr-da moved in. Provisions and other i
necessities were taken from the ship. All
the livestock was successfully landed. It
was on October 3 that the Corwin, Cap
tain Herring, which had left St. Michael
for Seattle and San Francisco on Septem
ber 30, sighted the signal of distress fly
ing from the mast of the Laurada. Cap
tain Herring consented to receiVe the pas
sengers and crew and convey them back
to Dutcn Harbor. The third mate of the
Laurada was left on the island to pro
tect the ship and cargo from being taken
possession of as a derelict, and six pas
sengers remained to care for outfits they
were unwilling to abandon. .' ;
The Corwin's store of • Provisions was
replenished from the abandoned vessel,
and the cutter made sail for Dutch Har
bor with a total of 135 persons on board,
arriving on the afternoon of October 4.
Here the Laurada's passengers were pro
vided with blankets and made as com
fortable as possible. The mail carried by
the Laurada was also brought back by
the Corwin and will be forwarded by the
next available steamber, northbound.
The Laurada was built in Great Britain
and became famous shortly before the
outbreak of the late Spanish-American
War as a filibuster and successful
blockade runner. ;.v ■ :.-7.
Second Coxey Army Fails.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 15.— Carl Browne,
who led Coxey's army to Washington and
who arrived in Wichita from Denver on
his second march yesterday, to-day de
clared the march off and notified his men
that he would go no further.
TOTAL FORCES
IN PHILIPPINES
Aggregate Will Reach
About 70,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON Oct. 15.— combined
military and naval forces of the United
States In the Philippines, when all troops
and ships now under orders reach their
destination, will aggregate more than
70,000 men and forty-five war vessels. Most
of these forces will arrive in Manila eariy
in December. They are as follows:
Combatants, 63,872; non-combat
ants, 1500.
Navy— Ships, 45; bluejackets, 4997; ma
rines, 1184. Battleship Oregon, armored
cruiser Brooklyn, protected cruisers Bal
timore. New Orleans, Newark, Charles
ton. Monitors Monterey, Monadnock.
Gunboats Bancroft Bennington, Charles-
Cast inc. Concord. Don Juan de Austria,
Helena, Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon. Ma
chias, Manila, Marietta, Mlndanoa, Nash
ville, Petrel, Princeton, Wheeling. York
town, Ranger. Supply ships Celtic, Gul
goa, Glacier. Distilling ship Iris. Colliers
Nanshan, Zaflro.
FILI PINO TRIBES MAY
WAR WITH EACH OTHER
MANILA, Oct. 16.— Mall advices from
Iloilo state that there is great tension be
tween the Visayans and Tagalos, growing
put of- the Tagalos holding Anraneta, a
leader of the Visayans, a prisoner since
the threatened Visayan revolt against
Tugalo domination a month ago. The
Visayans are Incensed to the point of re
bellion. While the Tagalos nominally con
trol only the military organization of the
so-called Filipino republic,, they have
crowded out the Visayans from the civil
branch, whereat there is great discontent.
The Tagalos are reported to be concen
trating the troops in Panay at Santa
Barbara, where Delgado, chief of the rev
olutionary Government, commands, with
a view to putting themselves in a position
to suppress the Visayans. Four thou
sand Tagalos who have been held in re
serve at Capiz. in the northern part of
the province of Panay. last week em
barked in cascoses. the fleet's purpose be
ing to land at Conception, whence the
troops would march to Santa Barbara.
Adverse winds prevented the landing,
however. General Palion's force from
Buena' Vista Is also reported to be going
to Santa Barbara. The insurgents will
have 12,000 men and three or four thou
sand rifles there.
General Magbanna, according to letters,
plans to attack the suburbs of Iloilo wuh
his force, carry the city and slaughter the
Americans. ' r,- . 7;.
A body of Tagalos, estimated to number
between 500 and 1000, recently crossed from
Santa Barbara to Escalante, on the Isl
and of Negros, for the purpose of aiding
Intepapaislo's bandits In keeping under
t.»e inhalants, who are friendly to the
Americans.
MORE SURGEONS WANTED.
Medical Department in Manila Cables
for Assistance.
MANILA, Oct. 15.— General Otis has
permitted the medical department here to
cable to Washington for twenty additional
surgeons and thirty more nurses.
A steamer from Jolo brings news of the
finding of nine dead Moros lying on the
beach near Jolo. They belonged to Dato
Jokanine's followers and the bodies had
been terribly mutilated.;;;
It is believed that Jokanine will prompt
ly retaliate on the Sultan, ruler of all the
Moros, and that it will cause a bitter feud
between these two native leaders.
____ ADVERTISEMENTS. ' __
EXCELLENT VALUES !
ATTRACTIVE PRICES !
EXTRA SPECIAL-500 yds Alt-Silk LYONS VELVET in garnet,
cardinal, scarlet, myrtle, heliotrope, old rose, beige, etc.; ac-
tual value $3 per yard; on sale at $1.50 per yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS-ENGLISH STORM SERGE In all
pure wool, 48 inches wide, in two different wales; special
at 60c per yard. ;
COLORED DRESS GOODS-SPECIAL— Crepsn and mottled
effects, 45 inches wide, silk and wool, 50c per yard.
SPECIAL-LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS,
double-breasted fronts, lined with satin; special at $3.75
each. v y.7y-.--
DRESS TRIMMINGS— BIack Silk Gimp Trimmine, in a splen-
did variety of new styles, about 1 inch wide, 25c per yard.
DRESS LININGS— 10 pieces Metallic Stripe Skirtings, with
Moire effect in black and new colored grounds, at 30c per
yard. '•■' •,, '. -:-:
KNITTING WOOLS— We have every make of Knitting Wools
and yarns and in all shades; the qualities are the best and
we are selling first quality German knitting yarn at 25c
per hank, • J., *j
NECKWEAR AND NETTINGS— iB-inch Black Spmgled Net,
assorted patterns; $2, $2.50, $2.75, $3 and $4 per
.. yard. . ,H- ;
. 18-inch White Net. spangled in silver, assorted patterns, $3.75,
$4 and $4.50 per yard.
BLACK LIBERTY SILK NECK RUCHES, a new assortment,
- $1, $1.50, $1.75, $2, $2.50 to $6 each.
mi mn m ii ■ ■—^— ■ mm ■
if 3Wj^^'ini*&7_%_4i/l
Islff Murphy Building', /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
2 Will Give $1000
If I fail to cure any
i^^Vsl^S^^V CAN C E R or tumor I
fl/jSP treat before it scat-
njiSr ters or n^ ect3 the
I <***$£. *»«ik ; « No PaiJ '
J, -a '$]) Until Cured.
\ i^^?J_™<ySk /ence. 1000 cancers
\ *££?__. f\ now id my offices in
V J- 1 alcohol. Lady attend-
.fits^ ~*eitf& jL ant - An >' hard
JKSr^r**^^' lump anywhere
ls cancer.
lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK StNT FREE
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
! S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
STATEMENT
-—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9B, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California,, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections, 6lo and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed' as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in '••".•
Cash $400,000 30
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $249,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 846,300 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,621,300 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 81,850 00
Cash ln Company's Office 6,511 51
Cash in Banks 137.903 98
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,978 16
Interest due and accrued . on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,166 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 265,500 57
Bents due and accrued 225 00
Total Assets .$5.227.336 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid..... $14,025 8S
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 146,833 33
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6.725 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- , ,-v«
ning one year or less. $1,567,779 96;
reinsurance 60 per cent 783,889 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,364,-
-626 05; reinsurance pro rata 744,087 £1
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 831,311 42
All other liabilities 4.000 00
Total Liabilities 43. 889.87? 73
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$1,653,905 66
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ......;. 42,647 21
Received • for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from '7 •',■'■■
all other sources 165,512 03
Received for Rents 4,467 44
Transfers ..........;... 381,00
Total Income $i,566.903 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $1,097,631 47
Dividends to Stockholders.. 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 551.211 91
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc 95,490 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes •• • 58,374 01
All other payments and expendi- ••
tures • 96,682 78
Total Expenditures ............. .$1,829.390 17
: Fire. .
Losses Incurred during the year $1,057.599 58
Risks and Premiums. J Fire Risks. Premiums.
Nat amount of Risks
written during the
year $241,551,124 $2,204.559 86
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year 222,384,731 2.187.623 9S
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898.... 343.575.238 $.932.405 11
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 19th
day of January, 1899. - THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIO COAST DEPARTMENT, .
436 CALIFORNIA ST.
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R.W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
! ISSB, and for the year ending on that day, as
! made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
I State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
I missioner.
CAPITAL.
I Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
I Cash .$200,000 00
ASSETS. =
I Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
I Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
I Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
j Bonds owned by Company 360,15100
Amount of Loans . secured by pledge . . „
! of Bonds, Stocks, and other market- .
i able securities as collateral 13,800 00
Cash in Company's Oißce 1,853 21
Cash in Banks 12.479 52
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans, cash ln hands of agents. 8,980 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages .._*. 247 50
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 47,766 28
Bills Receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,000 00
Rents due and accrued (due from per-
petual insurance on building) 742 50
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance en losses already paid ...
' Total Assets ...$616.920 58
LIABILITIES. ~~ """
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,136 08
Losses in process of Adjustment or ln
Suspense 20,538 85
Losses resisted. Including expenses ... 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $183,520 09; re-
insurance 36 per cent 91,760 05
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $155,160 01;
reinsurance pro rata 100,753 94
Amount reclaimable by the insured on
perpetual fire Insurance policies.... 38,73176
Gross premiums on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine . Time
Risks, — ; reinsurance 50
per cent
All other liabilities 11.372 77
Total Liabilities ..$269.793 45
INCOME. — —
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $273,862 27
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 345 00
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 18,035 60
Received for Rents 2,343 47
Received from all other sources 60 84
Total Income ...$894.882 is
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $39,548 91, losses of previous
years) $199,939 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 12,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 61.435 70
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,311
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes ........... ..................... 247 23
All other payments and expenditures.. 26! 105 85
Total Expenditures ...$340.040 3?
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $181,611 97
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. (Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! I
written during • the| .
year ." '$32,547.2541 $313.324 99
Net amount 'of Risks I
expired during the I
year ..* I 33.343.3201 861,73174
Net amount In »force 1
December 31, IS9B 1 . 37. 433.6711 371.680 10
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
* E. R. DANNELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January, 1899.
RICHARD H. REILLY,
Notary , Public.
■ PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
'DR.PIERCES -
GOLDEN ".
MED! J
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LB VER. LUNGS;
V^BS%^fcjf«i* m 's ■!•• non-powonOTj»
l__K______W_&*^^9____S_t remedy for Gonorrhoea,
iESPSr^ OUKEb^GaI Gleet, Spermatorrhea!
MBf_W ln 1 ** s <>«Ta^l Whites, unnatural lis.
jL7/j___t Qcsrenteed SI charges, or any inflaTnma-
B*»W not to atrlstore. tion. irritation or uicera-
P>i i^| Pt« rents oontagioa. tion of mucous men- ■*
KSyHEEYAN3CHEMIC«IRo., t)ranea - Non-astringent.
I^Agincinnati.o BH Sold by I>TU»(rt»t*,
0. ". a. yfSii or st ' nt in Pl'ln wrapper,
i' l wil%l» ' *_Vm i' 7^ cx P re8 *i Prepaid, tot
VWV^I IV ' or 3 bottle*. $2.75.
v ■ Circular Mat oa utaMfcBOTH ULCER
AND LUDLOW
ARE ACCUSED
Colonel Dady's Sensational
Statement Regarding Ha
vana Contracts.
REPORT SUPPRESSED
Told if He Would Do Something for
the Right Parties His Contraot
Would Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON-, Oct. 15.-Major General
William Ludlow, military governor of
Havana, will receive leave of absence to'
visit Washington In December and one of j
his close friends in this city is authority
for the diction that he will not return I
to Cuba.
Should this prediction prove to be well
founded. General Ludlow's retirement
from his present office will be due to
events which throw light on the retire
ment of General Alger from the War De
partment.
The story of these occurrences centers
about the tract of Michael J. Dady &
Co. for sewering and paving Havana
Colonel Dady, bo is one of the Republi
can leaders In Kings County, New York,
began his negotiations with the city of
Havana for tnis work in lUM, when the
Havana Common Council invited pro
posals for a system of .vers and pave-'
ments. Colonel J>ady submitted eighteen <
proposals, one of which was accepted. '
l.nder his contract he was to receive
about (13,000,000 in fifty-year bonds, to be
redeemed in annual payments.
When General Ludlow as made mill- i
tary governor of Havana Colonel Dadv
applied to him for permission to proceed
under his contract. General Ludlow sent
him to Washington ancl told him to see !
Qeneral Alger. The latter told him to go |
back to General Ludlow, who again Bent \
hira to the Secretary of War. ]
Colonel Dady was informed at this I
stage of the proceedings that if he would
"do something" for "the right people" his
contract would be all right. He turned a
deaf ear to these suggestions and insisted '
on an investigation. j
All these reports were pigeonholed in the
War Department, and Secretary Alger
and General Ludiow, It is asserted, re- '
fused to allow anything to oe done either
in Havana or in tnis city.
Then Colonel Dady demanded that the
matter be laid before the President's Cab- i
met for decision.
Secretary Alger promised to present the
matter to the Cabinet on a certain day.
On the day after the -•Kited meeting
lie wrote a letter to Colonel Dadj saving
the case had been brought before the Cab
inet and that the Attorney General had
given a specific report adverse to Dadv's !
Interests.
Three members of the Cabinet are au- !
thority for the assertion that both the
statements were absolutely false. General i
Alger did not bring thf- matter up and the
Attorney General made no report. It was I
predicted at this time that Secretary' Al
ger could not long remain a member of
the Cabinet of whose deliberations he
wrote false reports.
He left the department one week later
for his trip to Michigan to inaugurate his
boom for the 3 . • -ship. When he re
turned he found the department under the
virtual control of Assistant Secretary
Melklejohn and Adjutant General ' irbin. i
SOCIALIST AGITATOR
DIES OF APOPLEXY
Mrs. Florentine Cantius Eange Ex
pires Very Suddenly on the
Lecture Platform.
NEW TORK, Oct. ir..— While addressing
a Socialist women's meeting in a Second
avenue hall to-night Mrs. Florentine Can
tius Lange was stricken with apoplexy
and died in a few minutes.
Mrs. Lange was a portly woman about
f>o years old and often became excited
when making speeches. Her subject was
"Woman - Kights." in the middle of hei
address she suddenly stopped speaking
and began gesticulating With her hands!
Her face became almost black and she be
gan to totter. Several men caught hei
as she was falling and tried to revive her.
She died soon after a physician arrived.
Mrs. Cantius Lan^e came from Berlin
Germany, about ■■•'. years ago and was
prominent as a Socialist agitator.
SUFFOCATED BY FIRE.
HUDSON. N. V.. Oct. 15— The Windsor
Hotel was destroyed by fire early this
morning and Wallace C. Hall, a drum
mer for a Philadelphia publishing com
pany, was suffocated. All the other
guests escaped in their nightclothes, los
ing all their baggage. The porter of the
liotel alone saved the lives of ten women.
There were many very narrow escapes.
Property loss, $50,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
--yj. — ~
x^......^..- ; jg ;r VV^
AfriendEp^
Ottering
Very much better than tea,
coffee or other stimulants. Bet-
ter by far than medicine ton-
ics. Food and refreshment in
one.
, There are several rood brands of Co-
coa, but G HIRA RDELLI'S has a little
the bestot them, because being "horn*
made" it is always FRESH.
©ad way's
Mm Hits
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders ot the Btomach
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
st! pation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists
or by maiL It ALWAY tc CO., New York.
HONOLULU MOURNS
JOHN PHILLIPS' DEATH
HONOLULU, Oct. S.— Hundreds of people in Honolulu mourn the passing
away of Hon. John Phillips, "Honest John," as he was generally called.
For some weeks past he had struggled for life, but without avail.
John Phillips -was born In Scotland about fifty-five years ago, and
In early life went to Canada. Thence he went to St. Paul, Minnesota,
from which place he Journeyed to San Francisco, where he has many
friends. About 1553 he came to the Islands and Boon made his mark by his
sterling and manly attributes. He was a man whose quiet influence was never
excelled here. Twice elected a member of the House of Nobles under the mon
archy he was also the popular representative in the Council of State of the
republic.
In Masonry he was among the highest in the land, both in the lodge of Master
Masons. Royal Arch Chapter and Knights Templar. He was a widower and left
two children to mourn his loss, a daughter about 18 and a son about 16.
NEW TIME TABLE
VERY UNPOPULAR
Business Men of Sacra
mento Make Protest.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. Much dissat
isfaction is expressed by the traveling
public over the new train arrangement of
the Southern Pacific with reference to
Sacramenlo. the effect of which will he
to greatly discommode the people of this
city.
Beginning to-morrow the new overland
flier is to be put on. Its advent had
been looked forward to with delight, but
the announcement has been made that
Sacramentans will not be permitted to
ride upon it. This of itself was a disap
pointment, but it was nothing to the dis
gust which was experienced when it was
learned that the railroad company in
tended to take oft the 2 p. m. train for
San Francisco and substitute a train at
4:05 p. m., whose course to San Francisco
would be dependent upon the time the
down Oregon express would strike Da
visville, some twenty miles west of Sac
ramento.
To wait upon the uncertainties of an
overland train certainly does not strike
the people of a city as large and im
portant as Sacramento as either desirable
or fair, and strong pressure will be
brought to bear upon the Southern Pacific
officials to consider the wants of the vast
number of people who regularly make
trips for business and pleasure between
this city and the metropolis. It is true
that there remains the west bound over
land, due at 4:50 p. m. and leaving at 5:10
p. m.. but it is habitually late, sometimes
being three and four hours behind time,
and quite generally from half an hour
to one hour. - -7
The feeling in the business community
has awakened action by the Chamber of
Commerce, as will be seen by the follow
ing letter addressed to the passenger de
partment of the Southern Pacific:
T. H. Goodman, General Passenger Agent,
Southern Pacific Company, San Francisco,
Cat — Dear Sir: Referring to your new time
card: The present local of 2 p. m., which
nas sure to leave on time and arrive In Pan
Fiancisco at 6 p. m.. is abandoned. It was
liberally patronize*!, because our people are
very fond of arriving in San Franclseo In
time to go to the theater or to call on their
friends. In lieu of this train, we get a train
which leaves here at 4:06 p. m. and runs to
Davisville and waits there for the Oregon
train to arrive. In other words, the traveler
ln the afternoon is entirely dependent for his
arrival In San Francisco upon the said Oregon
train and the 6:10 Overland train, which >, are
often late.
This Is the worst accommodation our city
has ever had. and the afternoon travel was
never greater. All who use the railroad will
Join In our request to you to restore the local
2 p. m. train, which has given such satisfac
tion.
We make no comment on the new 2:15 fast
train westward, access to which ls forbidden
us. Very truly yours.
SACRAMENTO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,
FRANK MII.LEH, President.
J. O. COLEMAN. Secretary.
ARMY PROMOTIONS
Officers to Be Advanced When Shaf
ter Retires.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.— Tho retire
ment on Monday next of General Shafter
at San Francisco will make room for the
promotion of either General Lawton or
General Mac Arthur to the rank of briga
dier general in the regular establishment.
Roth of these officers now hold the rank
of colonel.
In connection with these retirements
and promotions it Is understood that five
colonels of the line who will soon retire
for age are to be successively promoted
to the rank of general officers before their
retirement. They are: Colonel Royal T.
Frank, First Artillery; Colonel Samuel
Ovenshine, Twenty-third Infantry: Col
onel Alex M. Bennington, Second Artil
lery; Colonel Louis H. Carpenter, Fifth
Cavalry, and Colonel Daniel Burke, Sev
enteenth Infantry.
"Starved Cuban" Dies.
MERCED. Oct. 15.— G. W. Lanorette.
who has been traveling with the Walter
1,. Main shows exhibiting himself as the
"Starved Cuban," died here last night
from heart failure. Lanorette was M
years of age and Joined the circus In San
Francisco a few weeks ago.
Killed in a Train Wreck.
OAXACA. Mex.. Oct. 15.— A passenger
train on the Yucatan Eastern Railroad
was derailed near Tunkas. Two pas
sengers were killed and fourteen others
seriously injured.
Seeks to Borrow Millions.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 15.— A dispatch
from Durango, Mexico, rays that the
authorities of State are negotiating with
Chicago and New York bankers for a loan
of $2,000,000. The money is to be expend
ed in extensive public improvements in
Durangc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
DESERT TO GO
TO THE FRONT
Soldiers Decamp From
Honolulu.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
| HONOLULU, Oct. S.-The hospital ship
! Relief and the transports Tacoma, Sher
! man and Grant have all departed for
Manila. Previous to the departure of the
Tacoma the military authorities caused
- search to be made for five soldiers of
| the hospital corps stationed here, who
! had stowed themselves away on board the
ship &1&2 hope of getting to Manila, Ihe
me deserters were missed early In the 1
HZ* 3?' and U was at once surmised
Afw ~ I Wt ; l tryln ? t0 & et to Manila.
After a careful search three of the men
! were found in the hold and placed under
\ arr st '_ hen brought up they were black
; and grimy and disappointed. They were
marched to Camp McKinley and placed ln
. the guardhouse there.
It is thought that the other two missine
men are on the Tacoma, but a diligent
. search failed to discover them. If they
j are on the transport they are in a fair
\ way to attain their desire and reach
Manila, where they will have to stand
sentences for deserting their posts.
The Sixth Artillery batteries stationed
i here have lost between twenty and thirty
men in the last few days. All the sol
diers here are anxious to go to Manila
I where the rest of the Sixth's batteries
! now are. The men think that they can
; steal aboard a transport and on arrival
report to the officers of the Sixth at
I Manila and escape with a slight punish
ment—there would be a sentence of thirty
days in the guardhouse, or something to
that effect, and after that the newcomers
would be assigned to places in the bat
teries at the front. The soldiers are will
ing to stand thirty days In the guardhouse
; for the sake of getting to the scene of the
: war.
GAVE THEIR JEWELS
TO HELP THE HEATHEN
Scenes of Religious Enthusiasm at a
• Meeting of Christian Missionary
Alliance.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Sixty-eight th -
sand dollars was raised in Carnegie Hall
to-day for the heathen. It was obtained
by the Rev. A. B. Simpson and his acco
clates in the Christian Missionary Al.l
ance amid the tumult of religious enthusi
asm which prevails when the alliance
takes up Its annual collection. Women
tore off their Jewels and men their coats
and vests, throwing them to the collectors
and shouting "Glory to God" and "Hal.e
lujah" as they contributed all to the f.nd
by which the alliance will keep its mis
sionaries abroad for the year. While two
meetings were to have taken place, and
did take place In the hall, one In the after
noon and one ln the morning, they were
so close together that there was scarcely
an Intermission, and It was as thoutn
there had been one continuous sefesion of
more than seven hours. • .-,-
HORSES SUFFER AT SEA.
Emaciated^ Condition of the Animals
on the Centennial.
HONOLULU. Oct. B.— The transport
Centennial arrived from San Francisco on
the sth. She brought 300 horses, sixty of
them hanging in slings and ready to die
from simple exhaustion. Two of them
died after reaching port, one breathing its
last on the dock and the other in its sling
on the middle deck.
The horses had been at sea for eight
days, each one fastened to a stall just
wide enough and long enough for its body.
For eight days the suffering animals had
no sleep no rest whatever. They stood
and kept balance With the rolling of the
ship. A few days more and many deaths
from exhaustion could not have been
avoided. The horses started as fresh,
spirited animals, brought from Nevada
and Oregon. They arrived thin and jaded,
a large proportion of them only kept alive
by stimulants. About twenty gallons of
alcohol were given to the horses during
the Centennial's trip. The animals were
unloaded here and will be turned out to
pasture until the return of the transport
from San Francisco.
0 ■
Minings Delegates.
PLACERVILLE.Oct. 15— At a largely at
tended meeting of the El Dorado County
Miners' Association, held in this city last
night, the following were selected as dele
fates to the annual convention of the
tate Miners' Association, which will con
vene In San Francisco on October 23:
Charles H. Dunton, Thomas Alderson, H.
E. Picket. C. H. Weatherwax, D. H.
Jackson, W. S. Bacon, E. J. Elzie, Joseph
Roylance. B. D. Mason, W. H. Husband,
James Richards, H. 8. Morev, N. W.
Mountain, A. C. Morison, Phil Maul, W.
W. Ten ney, W. C. Greene, J. F. Limpen
sel. J. Q. Wrenn, Charles A. Swlsler, E.
W. Chapman, James Keeiey, Charles
Seymour, J. W. elm an.
ADELBERT DEWEY
IS A SOCIALIST
Admiral's Cousin Talks
to Workingmen.
Special Dieratch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. IB.— "I declare
myself a socialist; I believe ln national
paternalism and in Governmental owner
ship of all industries. The competitive
system of labor is to-day the curse of the
tollers. There is no hope for the better
ment of the evil conditions which now
exist as a result of the antagonism of
capital and labor save in the establish
ment of a socialistic form of Govern
ment."
These words were the keynotes of an
address delivered to-day to an audience
of union wcrklngmen by a special agent
of the Federal Department of Labor sent
here to Investigate the Cour d'Alene riots
and other labor difficulties. The speaker
was Adelbert M. Dewey, cousin of th\
admiral and historian of the Dewey fam
ily. His words created considerable of a
sensation.
. Speaking of the Cour d'Alenes Mr.
Dewey said: "I, who am one of you, say
to you that labor organizations cannot
afford to stand sponsor for crime." This
won applause. The speaker also coun
seled his hearers to moderation in the use
of Intoxicants to the end that they might
never while under the Influence of liquor
do ought to bring discredit upon organ
ized labor. He refused to discurs the re
"port he will make on the Wardner riot,
saying it must be given out through the
department first and not from him.
To-day's meeting was a representation
of all the labor organizations of the city
to report to Mr. Dewey data concerning
all the labor difficulties here in the pa~t
Aye years.
IRVING AND TERRY
SAIL FOR THIS COUNTRY
Famous English Actors Will Produce
the Drama "Robespierre" and
Other Productions.
LONDON, Oct. lo.— Despite their earlier
intention to take a faster ship. Sir Henry
Irving and Miss Ellen Terry, with their
full company, sailed for the United States
this morning on the Atlantic transport
line steamer Marquette, which is due to
arrive in New York October 25 or 26. A
large number of personal and profession
al friends accompanied the actors from
the Albert dock to Oravesend, and a fare
well breakfast was held on the ship.
Among those present were Messrs.
Comyns Carr, Henry Dickens, son of the
novelist; Robert Tabor and Miss Alma
Taden. To a representative of the As
sociated Press Sir Henry said:
"While this is our fifth American tour,
I feel that we have never gone to the
United States under more auspicious cir
cumstances. In the first place, the cordi
ality between the two nations was never
greater than it is at the present time,
and while my personal relations with
American theater-goers have always been
of the most delightful character, lt Is
pleasant to feel that the two nations now
recognize the ties of kinship as never be
fore.
"I believe that 'Robespierre,' with which
we will open at the Knickerbocker, will
justify my faith in transporting such an
elaborate production. I wanted to give
my American friends something entirely
new, and I had them much in mind while
selecting the piece. Then, too. it is al
ways an inspiration to play to American
audiences, and Miss Terry and myself
really look upon our tour as a means of
brightening up our faculties as well as
entertaining our American friends."
SUBSIDIES TO THE
MERCHANT MARINE
Commissioner Chamberlain's Report
Shows That This Country Is Far
Down on the List.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— Commissioner
of Navigation Chamberlain has prepared
a table, based on the latest official re
ports, showing the amounts paid by the
principal maritime nations in aid of their
merchant marine.
The payments are made under different
headings— for mail contract service In |
time of war, retainers to seamen, rebates •
to ships carrying apprentices and fishing !
bounties.
The United States stands far down on I
the list, paying only $1,038,141 for ocean
mails carried In American vessels.
France, which is making strenuous ef
forts to build up a strong merchant fleet, I
stands at the head of the list, with pay- j
ments under various headings aggregat- !
ing $7,632,242. Great Britain comes next
with $5,762,762 paid to ship owners and
seamen as the contribution of the Gov- j
ernment toward maintaining British su
premacy in ocean commerce. Japan,
which since the war with China has
made rapid advances as a naval and com
mercial power, comes third with pay- ■
ments aggregating $3,492,107. These are
amounts paid by other nations:
Italy. $2,185,266: Germany. $1,894,620- Aus- I
tria-Hungary, $1,724,249; Spain, $1 629 927- I
Russia. $1,168,187: Netherlands. $259*971 : i
Norway. $136,948; Denmark. $82,455; Portu
gal. $63,300, and Sweden, $31,844.
PRISON OFFICIALS
CHARGED WITH CRUELTY
Brother of Mrs. Collier, Held in Mex
ico for Murder, Makes Start
ling Allegations.
AUSTIN, Texas., Oct. 15.— William I
Frost, who claims to be a brother of Mrs.
Evelyn Collier, the American woman con- j
fined in prison at Hermosillo, Mexico, un
der a four-year sentence for killing a j
Mexican, is here and called on Governor I
Sayers. requesting that he Intercede with !
the Mexican authorities in the woman's I
behalf. Governor Sayers declined to take
any action ln the case.
• Frost charges the prison authorities at
Hermoslllo with abusing the female pris
oners In the most cruel manner. He
states that his sister is refused water
and is given the roughest kind of prison
food, and that the small cell ln which
she ls confined Is reeking with filth
Frost claims that the woman killed the
Mexican in self-defense.
EUROPEAN LABOR SCARCE.
Hawaiian Planters Object to the Im
migration Laws.
HONOLULU. Oct. 8.-The Cabinet re
cently considered a petition from the
Planters' Association to eliminate a clause
In the Immigration rules requiring that 10
per cent of all contract labor
ers brought into the country shall be
Europeans or Americans. The point is
that a bond is required for the compliance
with this rule, and the same is forfeited
if the proportion named Is not adhered to
The planters want this bond requirement
annulled. . c ;.
In their memorial to the cabinet the
planters represented that they had ex
pended every effort to carry out the pro
visions of the law. but were wholly un
able to do so. The troubles with the
Gallclans, Italians and Portuguese were
cited as instances of the hardships en
countered. -7:.'7 \
The Government decided that, while the
planters had acted in good faith In their
endeavors to' secure American and Euro
pean laborers. It did not feel that it had
the authority to eliminate the clause re
ferred to, holding that the authority rest
ed with the Legislature only.
STRUCK BY A BOLT.
Theodore Thomas Has a Narrow Es
cape From Death.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— Theodore Thomas,
conductor of the Chicago Orchestra; nar
rowly escaped fatal injuries yesterday. As
it was he received a wound that will con
fine him to his bed for several days.
He conducted a private rehearsal of the
orchestra .at the Auditorium. A few min
utes before the end of the rehearsal an
iron bolt dropped from the loft above the
stage. It. hit the floor within a foot of
Thomas, and, bounding back, struck him
in the face.
The bolt cut two gashes in his face, and
for a time It was thought one of his eyes
was badly injured. 77,-; '7,-.;.
PRESIDENT ANDRADE OF
VENEZUELA BETRAYED
Revolutionary Force Will Be Allowed to
Enter the Republic's Capital Without
a Struggle.
CARACAS, Oct. 15.— Advices from Petare. ten miles from Caracas, say the
people have risen against President Andrade and a crisis is Imminent. The
commander of the Government forces has betrayed the President and will allow
the revolutionary army to march upon Caracas without a battle.
President Andrade will probably be forced to retire, re-establishing his
government at Maracalbo or Puerto Cabello. Tucacas has been taken by the
revolutionary forces.
United States Minister Loomis recently made a long argument before President
Andrade, urging a suspension of the law relative to foreign insurance com
panies, the enforcement of which, the Minister said, would drive all such com
panies from Venezuela. The result of Mr. Loomis' argument was that a suspen
sion of the law was granted until March, when the statutes will be amended by
Congress. This action saves $6,000,000 worth of business to American companies.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Dutch steamer Prinz Frederick Henrik has ar
rived to-day from Venezuela. The second officer of the steamer said concerning
the revolution:
"At La Guayara lay a man-of-war lately bought from Italy. She was flying
the Venuezalar. flag and was ready for action. There was no talk at La Gua
yara, where the Prinz Frederick Henrik touched on September 23, of President
Andrade's leaving the country. JJ •/ ■■"'■
"At Puerto Cabello, when the Prinz Frederick arrived on September 30, the
streets were barricaded, the windows of the houses were barricaded wltm mat
tresses and bales of merchandise, foreign residents were flying their flag from
house to house and scattering shots were heard at night. General Castro was
near Caracas with 6.000 rebels, it was said.
"The American warship Vixen and two French men-of-war lay at Curacao.
The American sailors had not been ashore for seven and a half months. They
were so wild that they mixed It up with every one they met. The Yankees cleaned
out one entire street known as Murder street and forty of them were sent to
the hospital."
SUGGESTS MANY
NAVAL CHANGES
Annual Report of Chief
Constructor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— 1n his annual
report to the Secretary of the Navy Chief
Constructor Hlchborn lays special stress
upon the importance of continuing the
work of improving the plants at the
various navy yards, inviting particular
attention to those at Boston and League
Island. A plant is also recommended at
Algiers, La., as without it the new dock
will be worthless when completed. Un
der the head of drydocks, the report
points out that the present building pro
gramme does not affect the two most Im
portant navy yards, viz.: New York and
Norfolk, at which a new dock of the
largest size is urgently needed, in view
of the rapid increase of the number of
battleships In commission. Marine rail
ways also are said to be necessary for the
economical handling of torpedo boats, and
two . ach are recommended at New York
and one each at Portsmouth, League Isl
land, Norfolk, Port Royal and Mare Isl
and.
Under the head of new construction,
the report sets out the fact that the con
tracts for the more important ships au
thorized by the last Congress could not
be let, because of the limitation placed
upon the cost of armor. Nevertheless
complete specifications for these vessels
have been prepared and are Included in
the report. Work on the design for gun
boat 16, to replace the Michigan, has
been suspended pending definition of
the characteristics that will be permitted
under the treaty with Great Britain.
Fourteen vessels, with the exception of
the Chesapeake and Princeton, torpedo
boats or tugs, were added to the navy
during the last fiscal year; four Spanish
vessels sunk during the war, were raised
II I The weather now emphasizes what we
j '■'.'_, have been long talking about — suggesting jl
|| that it is time for you to get your fall over- jl
[7 The best thing in overcoats is our IS
"Yeargood" overcoat. They are values, 11
'§{} every one of them, but besides this there is li
*£ protection for you in our repairing guaran- jl
i tee, which holds good for a year. |
Of course a "Yeargood" overcoat is ; jl
ii good for more than a year, but we term it |jj
\ "Yeargood," as that is the period for which 1
I we guarantee it. t
1,3 All cloths and prices from $12.^0 to s2%. ; |
1 Mackintoshes. Is
1,1 This is the weather for them too; ours come In black, |c
I dark cray, tan. medium brown and herringtone stripes, for Is
$5, f6, 57-50, 59, Sic, fll nnd 514.
Every one guaranteed waterproof. up
J Boys' Shirt' Waists. If
I ■'- We have a number of 25-cent shirt wai>ts for boys from Hf
I £ 6to 12 years in a great variety patterns which we are selling ||
j[J ° r - 15c each. ll
I (IS) S.N.WOOD BCO ||
*3 v£*-*S/ ■ — — —————— — . \'%*A/< 0 J
II \Q£y -Ti a MARKET ST N^io£/ II
i| Out-of-town orders filled— write us. gi
ft_jMMMm*g_fflpfp7ftamm\kr?___w.t&a^
and added, and seventeen small gunboats
were purchased or captured on the
Asiatic station and placed on the list. On
the other hand, forty-one vessels were
dropped from the naval list, including the
American line chartered ships, a number
of auxiliary vessels sold, the revenue cut
ters and lighthouse vessels turned back
Into their old service and a couple of
monitors. On July 1 there were building
for the navy forty-eight new vessels. In
addition to those enumerated.
In view of the dela' 1 ' encountered ln se
curing armor for the new ships at sat
isfactory prices, the Chief Constructor
feels that the time is opportune to renew
his recommendation that the department
contract with the ship-builder for the
ship complete, with armor, instead of
making separate contracts for the latter.
Some of the lessons of the war referred
to in the report is the importance of
sheathing ships, as well as restricting
the use of combustible material upon
them, ancl of fire-proofing such material
as must be used. The severe tests applied
by the war to our ships under trying con
ditions of climate resulted satisfactorily,
and little modification of new designs has
been found necessary. The extended use
of electricity as an auxiliary is recom
mended, and the bureau is making great
progress in this direction. The present
strength of the corps of naval con
structors is said to be entirely Insuffi
cient, and a considerable increase is sug
gested, Including an assistant chief of
the bureau.
The report closes with detailed state
ments from the constructors in charge of
the various navy yards of the work per
formed and the plant necessary.
BOOMING THE AMERICAN BOY.
Congressman Berry of Kentucky
Will Introduce the Bill.
CINCINNATI, Oct. Rankin C. Good,
the high school cadet who is prcmotlng
a scheme to name one of the first-class
battleships the American Boy, giving the
schoolboys of the United States the
privilege of contributing to the cost of its
construction, recently called upon Con
gressman Berry in Newport. Ky., to seek
aid in the undertaking.
Colonel Berry states that he promised
to introduce a bill in Congress providing
that the ship shall be named the Ameri
can Boy, that he is corresponding with
Chairman Boutelle of Maine of the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, and that it was
probable that the resolution would be
favorably reported upon.
• -'*.-.'■ : ■■_■■ _■■_■....■ ■■■;-.■■■? .-.;..■. ■- ..i"'-. .._..:■ .-* '
';^y AD VEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
LIEBENBAOJI
*»-* CO.*'
X 222-224 SUTTER STREET- ?
x ■•—'•■ 1
X SPECIAL REDUCTIONS >
X Monday— Tuesday —Wednesday X
+ >
+ Owing to the continuous increase X
+ \ cf all metal -wares thi. will be the X
£ FIRST and Y « 'Special" Sale of ♦
♦ the >
♦ ♦
X "Suvio" Gas Heater VIVtT 70c X
*" many families -♦-
and hc«pitals +
•+ j. Heats a room -
+ \________\_r. \__\Wl *' n 1( * minutes "♦"
> tached to an >* -♦•
4 Gas Torches &£& 15c X
X Including box of tapers. Reg. 25c.. X
X Macaroni camcJU i-box 25c x
-f Vermicelli or Spaghetti. Reg. 35c. T
X Catsup 2£y bot 15c X
-*> "New Era" means the best. Reg. 20c. .a,
j X Fard Dates . I2iclb-J
I 4- Finest imported. Regularly 15c. a,
j J Jordan Almonds -sheiied- 35c Ib X
-♦• New Importation Just in. Reg. 50c. '
X China Ginger crystam^ I2^c ib X
T Just arrived. Regularly 20c. ♦
X Scotch Whisky %*&& $1.15 bot >
•*► Finest old Gienllvet. Analysis __._. to I
>- absolute purity by R. R. Tatlock, T
■+> Public Analyst for the city of Olas- T
+ gow. T
X Extra Zinfandel gallon 50c X
"♦" Same high grade of wine you bought -4
■f- August 21st. Regularly 75c.
X Mustard, French 20c X
♦■ Regularly 23c. l',i >■
X Cranberries, new crop qt 10c X
i "♦" Regularly 15c. -♦•
-♦- Cigars, El Amor X
+ Highest grade Key West; 12 different +
▲. sizes; see window. _»
•f JUST IN -Smyrna Figs, Sweet Ap- -*,
4- pie Cider.
>- New Delicacies arriving dally. a
■♦- Country orders given special atten- >•
-♦- tion. -a,
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
NOTICE !
IIU I IUE. i
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11. 1S».
In accordance with the provisions of Section
2668 or the Political Code, notice ls hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1899
to-wlt:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Paclflc Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-California-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific * Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company,
Gualala River Railroad Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway
Company, San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday in November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at
( o'clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday in January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day ln April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
Low=Priced
Eye=Glasses.
Our* are as inexpensive as you wish to buy
them, and have the new clip at no extra cost.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone Main 10. .
Mfi/UfJ^AMei
oPncwNS>W>Sr,
642 Market St. instrument*
(MU) tlHlllCll BOtIPIHS.
>»«•«»««»««»••»• e«»»»»«ee»
I 't
i, The undoubted luxury and comfort, J
i , unequaled cuisine, location and mod- .
crate charge* have made the T
PALACE and
GRAND ♦
" ♦
the most popular and fashionable ho- "
tels In San Francisco. Operated Jointly ♦
' ' under one management. Correspond- ' '
11 ence solicited. ' >
" JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, T
' I Manager. ♦
■»•>»>»»»» «»«■«««>«««»•>•»■
■afljßL. »»3Tor.s»THTt> R/Jfl ß^i'PH i i af^
o|s%^ VITALIS
SrSs^iK?!^ THE NEW
Ira 1 ioth d^Sl ,«j? 1 FRENCH,.
VITALIS "^R * REMEDY
PRODI T!IK ABOTK 30th Day. iSk RI kV 111
RKSI' it quickly A. snrely removes Nervousness, Ib potency,
Nightly Kraissiuns, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effeeti
of self. abuse or excess an 4 indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on harine VITA MS,
DO ether. fan be carried in the vest pocket. By mail fI.OO
per psckaie or six for *a.OO with a guarantee to Cure Of
Refnnd the Money. Circular free. Address .
CALI'MET CUKE CO.. BS4 Dearborn St.. Ctitpa**
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
i^2™SS2^S££e«^v
ii fi PATE MTS ' c J
T nw *a*Trmww«gocfr<>J f
MARKET ST.SJF.^*_*r
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
i airtscxta to sexual organ*. Depot, 321 Market.
34
8/he <A£m^J&%&
MONDAY ....OCTOBER 16, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*. S. F
Telephone Main ISCB.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 18 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
■ Terms by Mall. Including Porta**:
PAILY cadi, (Including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 8 months .... 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month wr '
SUNDAY CALL One Year I so
WEEKLY CALL One Year I,o °
a:: postmasters are authorized to recelvj subscriptions.
Sump!* copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENTS
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Ha**!!
Tnm- nt House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano. 31 Union gquaraj
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
i. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:20 o'clock- 200 Hayes street, open untl!
S:3O o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LorKln street, open uQtll 9:50 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open u'rjtll 10 o'clock- 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '09*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— ' Hotel Tcp3y Turvy."
California— "M-ifua."
Or^heum— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Fra Diavolo..'
Alcazar— "The Masked Rail."
Grand Opera House "Xanon."
Chutes, /ji... and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympic, corner Masnn and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watkir.s & Co.— Tuesday, October IT, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 1517 Mission street.
ANOTHER MONEY SQUALL BLOWN
OVER.
ONE of the most, encouraging features of the
current activity in trade is the ease and readi
ness with which the money market rights
itself after a period of stringency. More than once
miring the present year money has tightened in New
York until it seemed as if something would have to
give way, but in every case the financial ship has
righted itself with very little outside assistance. It
was only a week ago that operators in Wall street
were paying fancy rates for call loans, and yet the
mere announcement that the Government would an
ticipate the November bond interest was sufficient to
ease things off at once. Accompanying this an
nouncement was a falling off in the demand for
loans, and Wall street breathes freely again. Trade
must be oh solid foundations when such an insig
nificant plaster as the prepayment of interest prompt-
Iv heals the congestion in the commercial body.
The mercantile and industrial reports for the past
week copiously affirm this condition of business.
Only good reports were received from distributive
trade centers, and some markets reported the fail
trade holding out longer than expected. The railway
earnings continued to make a fine showing, the
failures throughout the country were only 164 against
250 for the same week last year, and the bank clear
ings showed a gain of .31.1 per cent over 1898, with
only three important towns (Baltimore. St. Paul and
Omaha) showing a decrease. The wholesale pur
chasing by the people at large, so frequently alluded
to, continued without diminution, and the complaint
was of the scarcity of goods and not of the lack of
demand. Evidently the American people have not yet
finished buying, though they have bought more dur
ing the past twelve months than ever before. Cotton
has advanced and cereals have shown an under
current of strength, as the world's wheat crop is
falling below expectations and the yield of the
minor cereals is turning out less than anticipated.
There is no falling off in the demand for iron and
steel, coal production is particularly heavy, and wool
is meeting with a fine demand on next spring's ac
count. Paper is in quick inquiry, and the news
variety is reported unusually scarce. Tobacco is ac
tive at almost all Eastern and Western markets, lum
ber is as firm and brisk as ever, hides and leather
are stiff and selling heavily and the output of boots
and shoes is phenomenally large. In fact, all down
the line of commodities intense activity at firm quo
tations is reported.
lii California the conditions arc especially encour
aging. The recent rain broke all records for Oc
tober, and while it did a little damage to grapes and
berries and destroyed the old feed here and there, it
was vastly more beneficial than harmful and pre
saged an early and wet winter, as far as any winter
can be presaged in this part of the United States.
At any rate, it gives the croaker no opportunity to
cry a dry season. The demand for produce and mer
chandise is as good here as in the other sections of
the country, and prices for everything are high
enough to afford the farmer, merchant and manu
facturer a good profit. The export trade is receiv
ing more stimulus from the increased tonnage room,
though vessels are still in inadequate supply for the
quantity of goods ordered for export, while internal
tiaffic is seriously hampered by lack of cars. It is
long since San Francisco has been as busy as at
present, for produce and merchandise are pouring
into and out of the city as rapidly as cars and ships
can transport them. With a good winter there is no
reason why this local trade prosperity should not
continue for many months.
According to reports from Topeka the whistles
in every town in Kansas screeched on receipt of the
news of the arrival of Funston and his men from the
Philippines. In any other State than Kansas this
could have been prevented by a judicious wetting of
the whistles.
Dewey's tour of the country will be incomplete
without a trip to San Francisco, and the duty of our
city officials will be neglected if they do not insist
upon his coming.
The British Government has given Buller a "free
hand" in South Africa, but perhaps it won't be so
very free after Oom Paul gets a grip on it.
MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN.
ROM the large attendance at the Republican
rally on Saturday evening, and from the earnest
rally on Saturday evening, and from the earnest
spirit displayed by the audience, good auguries
can be drawn of the outcome of the municipal con
test. It is now clear the Republican party, has a
ticket which the taxpayers generally .will gladly sup
port. It is to be noted that hardly any statement
made by the speakers during the evening won more
cordial applause than the declaration of Irving M.
Scott: "I came down here to-night to ask every Re
publican and every good citizen to vote a straight
Republican ticket from top to bottom at the next
election. There is not a nominee on the ticket that
any one need feel ashamed of having voted for."
The signs of the time are indeed encouraging.
The business men of the community have begun to
take an interest in politics and to feel the responsi
bility that rests upon them. Evidences of this awak
ened civic patriotism are to be seen everywhere, and,
as the Hon. Horace Davis pointed out in his ad
dress, it is made strikingly manifest in the remark
able registration, which equals that of a Presidential
election.
Many things have combined to bring about this
desirable state of things. In the first place the bright
ening future of the city has roused the energies of
business men to profit by the opportunities that are
now before them, next the long desire for municipal
improvements has begun to prompt men to earnest
action, the defeat of the bosses in the Republican
party under the new primary election law has been
encouraging, and finally the possibilities of municipal
development and improvement under the new charter
have stimulated all classes of citizens to strive ener
getically to procure for the city a good administration
in department.
The salient feature of the new charter is the power
vested in the Mayor. In summarizing those powers
on Saturday evening Mr. Davis put them in this terse
way: 'The Board of Supervisors is made the legis
lative power, and it has charge of the raising of all
money to carry on the city government. The ex
penditure of this money is placed almost wholly in
the hands of seven boards appointed by the
Mayor. These boards are the board of Public
Works, the Board of Education, the Board of Police
Commissioners, the Board of Fire Commissioners,
the Civil Service Commission, the Board of Health
and the Park Commission. You will see, therefore,
the large discretion and the power left to the Mayor.
It requires a man of business judgment and wide ex
perience and knowledge of men, and, above all. an
honest and fearless man. Especially is this so during
the first year, when the Mayor will have the appoint
ing of all the members of all the boards named."
Will it be safe for the people of San Francisco to
vest those powers in the hands of a man of large per-
I sonal ambition in politics, who. desires v . to ' use the
mayoralty as a stepping-stone to higher office?
The Republican ticket, from the distinguished gen
tleman who heads it to the last name upon it. is, made
up of men whom the people can trust." They repre
sent the progressive and at the same time"- the con
servative element of the community. They stand for
improvements and also for economy. It was no self
constituted committee ruled by bosses that nominated
them. They have no affiliations which will hamper
them in the right fulfillment of their duties. That
much was certainly well understood by the repre
sentative audience that gathered to cheer the ticket
on Saturday evening, and therefore Republicans,
independents, taxpayers and the workingmen of the
; community have good reason to be satisfied with the
outlook.
. ~. — : '
The dear old Bulletin prints a page of type and a
picture to show why Mayor Phelan should be re
elected. Will the Bulletin please rattle its inside
pocket ami reveal the extent', of the jingle that was
its reason for the type and the picture?
The lack of details from the seat of war in the
Transvaal is becoming absolutely tiresome and
monotonous. What else can we expect from Boer
dom?
MINERS' CONVENTION.
PUBLIC interest in mining men and mining
matters aroused by the visit of the representa
tives of the American Institute of Mining En
gineers will not diminish with their departure, for
: already the time for the meeting of the annual con
: vention of the California Miners' Association is so
' near that it engages no little of popular attention
' and discussion. The convention this year will be
! something more than a State gathering. Delegates
are expected from rill the surrounding States and
Territories, and the meeting will be virtually a repre
sentation of the mining industries of the whole of
the vast region known as the Greater West.
Rarely if ever have the gold miners of the State
met under circumstances more promising to their
industry than those that now prevail. The commerce
■ and industry of the world have counted largely upon
the continued output of gold from the Transvaal. It
has been confidently estimated that the yield of the
mines in that country would during the coming year
add $100,000,000 worth of. gold to the money of the
world. That hope is now blighted; the Transvaal
supply is shut off. At present all signs point to the
conclusion that no considerable quantity of gold will
be forthcoming from anywhere in South Africa for at
least a year to come, and probably for two years.
That means, of course, the world must look elsewhere
j for its additional gold supply and that mining invest
ors will be quick to turn to every field that promises
: good returns.
The Alaskan gold fields remain a doubtful source
of supply. Up to this time nothing has been done there
but placer mining, and it is questionable whether
quartz mining could be profitably undertaken. It is
to California, therefore, the attention of more con
servative and prudent investors will turn. It is known
that the mineral resources of this State and those of
its neighbors have hardly been thoroughly pros
pected, much less developed. If mining should be
undertaken here with anything like the degree of
energy and the affluence of capital that have been
expended in working the deep mines of South Africa
the results would be surprising even to many of our
own miners.
• It is therefore at a period when the mines of Cali
fornia are exceptionally interesting to all the world
that the convention of the mining men of the coast
is to meet. That they will understand the advantages
given them by the war in the Transvaal is not to be
doubted, and we may expect of them such action as
will tend to profit by the opportunities afforded.
It is to be added that this is a good time to renew
the movement started some time ago for the creation
of a department of mines and mining in the National
Government under the direction of an officer of Cabi
net rank. There is a demand in the larger commer
cial cities for a department of commerce with a Cabi
net officer at the head/of it. There will probably be
also a movement to create a department for the new
colonies with a Secretary at the head of its adminis
tration. All these movements for the increase of the
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
Cabinet will tend to incline Congress to a favorable
consideration of the desire of the mining men for a
proper supervision of their vast industry. In brief,
every promise of the time is good, and the, convention
will have all it can do to attend to the opportunities
before it.
NOW that the municipal campaign is on in
earnest and the various candidates are resort
ing to all manner of means to keep their names
before the public, the people will appreciate the full
value of the resolution introduced by Supervisor Hol
land forbidding the stretching of banners across our
thoroughfares for the purpose of displaying the
names of the political aspirants of any party.
A display of banners designed for decorative pur
poses and having in the brightness of their coloring
a glow of beauty is an attraction pleasing to the eye.
and the public sees with no little pleasure the flags
and banners which have been put as adornments along
the streets in .honor of the jubilee of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows. It would, however, be a
grievous offense to every intelligent and artistic citi
zen to see interspersed with those flags great stretches
of canvas sprawled across the street and marked in
scare-horse letters "Vote for Yon Ginnis de Muggens,
the Mugwump candidate of the people for Pound
keeper."
The practice of such advertising in the past has
been overdone. It is time to put a stop to it alto
gether, and the resolution finds public sentiment
already formed in its favor. There is no reason why
the thoroughfares of the city should be made hideous
at every election by that style of political advertising.
There are abundant means by which candidates can
keep their names before the voters without defacing
the streets. Supervisor Holland has taken a step in
the right direction. His resolution marks a genuine
and much needed reform. The suppression of what
has been a public nuisance in the past will receive
commendatioin on all sides.
WITH this issue begins the series of home
studies The Call has arranged to publish for
the entertainment and instruction of its read
ers. The opening article by Professor Albert S.
Cook of Yale on "How to Study Shakespeare" will
be found in another column, and a second Shakes
pearean study will be published on Thursday from
the pen of Professor Parrot of Princeton. Thereafter
similar articles dealing with many of the more inter
esting of Shakespeare's works will appear in The
Call regularly every. Monday and Thursday during
the fall and winter until the course is completed.
The other courses, as has been announced, include
studies of the World's Great Artists, to be published
every Tuesday; Desk Studies for Girls and Shop
and Trade Studies "for Boys, on Wednesdays; Great
American Statesmen -on Fridays, and Home Science
and Household Economy on- Saturdays. Each of
these courses will be carried on by men and women
who rank as established authorities- on the subjects
with which they deal, and every article of the scries
will be from the pen of a competent expert.
Warm words of approval have been given to the
programme of study by 7 the foremost educators of
the State, and now that the publication of the series
has begun the reading public will be able to judge
for themselves of the merit of the undertaking. We
commend the article of this morning particularly to
the attention of our readers, in order that they may
start the series with the first paper and learn at the
outset how to study Shakespeare and what to look
for in his works.
It must be borne in mind that while the papers
will prove interesting even to the casual and in
different reader, their full value will be obtained only
by those who read them with care and studious at
tention. They are contributed by men and women
to whom education is a life work and have been
written with an earnest purpose. Those who arc
best acquainted with Shakespeare in a general way
can learn something in addition to what they already
know by reading what a critic of such eminence as
Professor Cook has to say about the proper study of
the great master's treatment of the problems of life.
SCHOOL BOARD SCANDALS.
SUFFICIENT evidence of fraudulent transac
tions on the part of certain members of the
School Board has been made public by The
Call to justify the belief that if the Grand Jury do its
full duty without fear or favor the people may have
the satisfaction of seeing some of the plunderers and
spoliators of the school funds indicted, prosecuted
and punished.
It is hardly worth while to go over again the dis
graceful record of jobbery and corruption The Call
has from time to time disclosed. Enough was pub
lished yesterday to make it evident that the Grand
Jury must act vigorously in the matter or rest itself
under suspicion of neglect of duty, or worse.
There is no department of local administration in
which fraud works a greater wrong to the com
munity than in that of the public schools. When the
money paid by the people for the education of their
children is wasted either by robbery or by extrav
agance, then it follows of necessity that school build
ings are neglected, needed repairs are not made, the
rooms are overcrowded or badly ventilated, danger of
disease threatens the children who gather there, the
teaching force suffers from lack of salaries, the
proper equipments of the schools are not supplied,
and in many other ways evils are inflicted upon a
very large proportion of the community. -
The late Grand Jury declared in its final report that
a moral certainty existed of fraud in the former
School Board, but that it could obtain no legal evi
dence sufficient to convict the presumably guilty par
ties. It is to be hoped the present jury will have
better success. Where wrongdoing has been carried
on to the extent The Call has exposed,' there must
be some way of bringing to light proofs of it" that
will bring about conviction in the courts. The people
therefore look to the Grand Jury with expectation,
and something must be done.
Admiral Dewey appears to have valued more the
spontaneous outburst of welcome he received in
Boston than all the grand parades and ceremonies
that were prepared for him in New York. In the
course of his speech at Boston he said: "The ovation*
which was given me last night I believe has never
been equaled in the lifetime of any of us. At any
event, I never saw the equal of it." The admiral
should now come to San Francisco and see how
easy we can beat Boston.
Now let all independent voters and good citizens
of every party stand in with the Republicans and
start the new era in the municipality with an ad
ministration to be proud of.
If the.- Grand Jury fail to take a fall out of the
School Board a whole lot of people will be asking
the reason why.
POLITICAL BANNERS.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
STATE MINERS' CONVENTION.
SOME OF ITS BIG PROBLEMS
The biggest and most important State
convention in the history of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association will open in
San Francisco on the 23d inst., a week
from to-day, and for several days will be
the chief thing of interest in the coast
mining field. Secretary E. H. Benjamin's
voluminous correspondence concerning it
indicates that there will be several hun
dred delegates present.
The sixteen local associations, includ
ing that of Southern California,
have nearly all held conventions
and elected their quota of dele
gates during the past two weeks,
and at these conventions special interest
in the industry and in the convention has
been shown. The delegates are leading
and active mining men, and the conven
tion will be representative of the best in
tellect and character in the California
mining field. The convention will declare
the wants and policies of the State's
great mining population, united for the
general good of the Industry, and Its dec
larations and demands will have a pres
tige before Legislatures and public opinion
that few voluntary associations can com
mand.
This convention will have a wider scope
than any of its predecessors, and the suc
cess of the executive committee in secur
ing the co-operation of other Pacific Coast
States in making it representative of the
entire Western mining field will give it
an importance'equal to that of the Trans-
Mississippi congresses. The Governors of
'Colorado, New Mexico, Idaho and Wash
ington had last week reported the ap
pointment of 10 delegates each, and all
the other "Western Governors will un
doubtedly respond in time. Each execu
tive was asked to name representative
men who would really attend the conven
tion, and it is hoped that there will be
many delegates from sister States who
will later be active at home in promoting
the policies agreed upon.
It has been sought to make the conven
tion an interstate affair, because the ques
tions which will be made of chief Im
portance affect the industry in one West
ern State as much as in another, i These
are the revision of the Federal mining
law and the conservation of • water. The
Federal mining law of 1572 and the court
decisions and departmental rulings that
have been hung to it have kept sporadic
demands for revision going for years
among mining men. The California Min
ers' Association resolved in favor of the
revision and codification of the Federal
mining and land laws early in its history,
and has appointed committees thereon,
but never until now taken up the matter
as one of chief importance. A wide field
for warm debate will be opened, and the
friends and enemies of the apex law may
have another inning, but whatever may
or may not be agreed upon, the discus
sion here and the efforts that will follow
may result in some further legislation by
Congress.
The discussion of the conservation of
water will come at an opportune time
when conventions and societies are at last
starting a definite aggressive effort to
save to the arid West its greatest treas
ure—the water that it so royally wastes.
The convention should do much to further
awaken the mining interests to what the
problem means to the Industry and to add
another effective force to the efforts to
secure the storage of flood waters and
their distribution through mountains and
plains. The big gold mills that are
now again silent along the mother
lode region of the Sierra Nevadas
and elsewhere and the monitors that are
waiting for the rains are vivid evidences
of the California miner's interest in the
conservation of water. The taking up of
the question in this active way Is another
evidence of the value of this big organi
zation and an encouragement to those
who are working on the problem in other
fields.
Other important matters will come be
fore the convention. The California
Miners' Association maintains, the im
portant purpose of securing further Con
gressional appropriations for restraining
dams and the improvement of the navig
able rivers of the State, but as the Fed
eral engineers composing the California
Debris Commission have not yet been
able to get up a report on how the $500.
--000 already appropriated should be spent,
the convention will not be apt to do much
about dams this year. The mineral lands
issue is not dead and will get attention.
State mining legislation will be one im
portant topic. Steps will probably be
taken through resolutions and committees
to prepare a satisfactory State mining
law to take the place of the one supposed
to have been repealed by the last Legis
lature. The convention will undoubtedly
result in the organization of new county
associations and in otherwise increasing
the membership and nower of the fede
rated organisation, which now counts
about 9000 members. The Paris mining
exhibit will be among other local topics
considered.
The convention will assemble amid new
life and boom in the mining field and will
reflect that revival in its vim and good
will. The election of officers promises to
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
I A. C. Maude, a capitalist of Bakersfield,
is at the Grand.
P. C. Drescher of the Sacramento Bee is
at the California.
W. I. Smart, a mine owner of Placer
ville, is at the Lick.
P. Reichling, a wealthy mining man of
Jackson, is a guest at the Grand.
L. R. Stuart, a leading business man of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
W. A. Sanders, an Alaskan capitalist, is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
S. C. Joergery, a German globe-trotter,
was among the arrivals yesterday at the
Palace. .7 7. 7 .
Levi Chase, one of the foremost mer
chants of San Diego, is a guest at the
Occidental.
T. W. Patterson, a Fresno fruit man,
is at the Lick, where he arrived yester
day morning.
Dr. B. Taylor, U. S. A., who arrived yes
terday on the Gaelic from Manila, is stay
ing at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Stimson, prominent
society people of Los Angeles, are among
the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Keize 'Sano and T. Ikedo, two Japanese
merchants, arrived yesterday on the Gae
lic and registered at the Palace. ,- " t
Mrs. E. J. Chamberlin of Eureka, Cal..
is at | the Grand. This lady is one of the
leading temperance advocates in the
State. * - . -J:J;* ! :
Mr. and Mrs. Peters, prominent" in tho
social and business Uie of Truckee, have
come down to the city and are registered
at the Lick. .
Douglas Hardy, a wealthy Englishman,
who is traveling for pleasure around the
world, is at the California.' Mr. Hardy is
accompanied by his wife.
Ex-United States Senator Warner Mil
ler, accompanied by his daughter, has re
turned to the Palace after a short absence
in the southern part of the State.
Lieutenant General Ganford of the Brit
ish army in India is a guest at the Occi
dental, where he arrived yesterday on the
Gaelic. ", The general is on his way home
to England on leave of absence.
Major Archie G. B. Winston of the Brit
ish marine corps is a guest at the Califor
nia. .'He. was attached to the Powerful,
and having served his time on the Asiatic
station is on his way home for orders.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The orders for the British cruisers
Powerful and Terrible to pass through the
Suez Canal have been countermanded and
they. will rendezvous at Cape Town.
An Increased scale of pay went into ef
fect in the British dockyards September
9. It affects. 5000 skilled men, Tie aver
age wages of which was $5 25 before the
raise and is now $6.
The Vulcan Engineering and Ship-build
ing Works at Shettin, which is rated as
the most prominent yard in Germany for
put considerable ginger into the proceed
ings. ,7.___-.y
| The oil boom is still booming. There is
especial activity in the San Francisco oil
field, which has some thousands of oil
1 stock players now and which is becoming
j the chief center of oil operations, both
! legitimate and otherwise. The opening of
I the call board of the Oil Exchange will
stimulate investments in oil stocks for a
; time, and will afford some guarantee of
I safety to investors by eliminating compa
nies which have for assets only paper and
| sagebrush. ■;
The Coalinga field is still the only pro-
I ducing one of importance north of 1•-
I hachapi, and is now reported to be yield
ing 4500 barrels a day, or as much as the
Los Angeles field ever produced. The
! daily product of one well belonging to
Canfield & Chanslor is given at 1000 bar
. rels. Many new companies are being
' formed ahd buying or bonding land
through the oil belt, chiefly in iresno.
i Kings- and Kern counties, and several are
i driving prospect wells, or preparing to do
i so. The boom is so young that with near
! ly all the companies the early stage of
I prospecting and of expectations has not
been passed. The wrecks will begin to
appear a little later, while here and there
lucky ones will really strike oil. lhe
Southern Pacific Company is planning two
50,000 gallon tanks from which to supply
fuel to oil-burning locomotives. ■
"The American Fuel Oil Company, a
corporation Jately organized in San ran
dsco with a capital of $100,000. to acquire
I and operate oil-producing wells and oil
bearing lands in Los Angeles and other
places, has purchased a number of wells
! in this city from the American Crude Oil
Company," says the Los Angeles Times.
At Fullerton. in Southern California, the
' Union Oil Company has begun work on
! a new pipe line system, reaching seven
miles to the Santa Fe railroad. In the
Los Angeles field oil operators want the
limitations which the city has established
about the parks to protect them from for
ests of oil derricks near by, removed, and
the issue is a burning one.
The old Union copper mine at Copper
opolis, which was once the chief copper
mine of the State but which has been idle
since 1893, is to be really pumped out at
last. The- pumps were started to work
last week, and Copperopolis was glad, for
if the mine were worked to its full capac
ity it would employ several hundred men
and put life into the region again. It is
not known whether the Boston owners
are pumping out the mine to sell it or to
work it. G. McM. Ross, recently in
charge of the work of unwatering the
Comstock mines, is superintendent. The
work of unwatering will be conducted
slowly and will take three months or
more, because the water, which is strong
ly impregnated with copper, will be
leached in vats," in which the copper will
be precipitated on scraps of iron and tln,|
producing copper cement in the usual!
way. . -. ._
The Miners' Association of Nevada
County has elected the following officers:
Fred Zeitler, president; George Mainhart,
vice president; W. F. Englebright, secre
tary; James F. Colley, assistant secre
tary: B. F. Snell, treasurer. Executive
committee— R. C. Walrath, C. J. Brand.
George Fletcher, D. B. Marwick. J. S. Me
' Bride, C. T. Worthley, C. D. Eastin, O.
K. Cloudman, John Fay, L. L. Myers, H.
C. Schroeder. According to the report of
the secretary and treasurer, the collec
tions for the year were $983.55. There had
been paid to the State Association $5»02.50.
Mining in the Salmon River section dur
ing the coming year promises to be more
extensively carried on than ever before,
especially if we have a good winter in the
way of snow and rain, says the Yreka
Journal. At present, owing to the last
dry winter, water is very scarce and sev
eral quartz mines, as well as placer
1 claims, have been shut down in working.
I All along the Salmon River and tribu
taries, clear up into the Cecilville, Know I
Nothing Creek, Methodist Creek, Coffee
Creek and other districts adjacent to the
Trinity County border, rich mines exist
that only need plenty of water for getting
gold in immense quantities.
The investments in mining property in
the Gazelle district is becoming quite ex
tensive, and with thorough development
may prove to be one of the richest min
ing sections on the coast. This locality
abounds in immense ledges of quartz con
taining gold, silver and copper, not sup
posed heretofore to be rich enough for
working. It would be a good locality for
smelting works, as the vast area of quartz
ledges seems to be unlimited in extent.—
Yreka Journal.
The mines known as the Keystone Con
solidated, at Amador City, are in a fair
way to pass into other hands. The rea
son for selling is to avoid litigation be
tween two of the mines to be consolidated,
namely. Keystone and South Spring Hill,
! both of which have yielded much wealth
to their owners, the former about $15,
--000,000. Ground has been broken at the
Oneida mine for a 60-stamp mill and a
large boarding house. This mine will
probably be one of the first among the
new mines to swing into line as a divi
dend payer in 1900.— Amador Republican.
Everywhere throughout Calaveras
County there is a pronounced revival in
the mining industry. This fact is appar
ent not only at home but recognized
throughout the State. The output of gold
will be largely increased in 1899 over any
previous year since the beginning of
quartz mining.— Calaveras Citizen.
| war-vessel construction, is located along
j the River Oder and has an area of C 2
acres with a water front of 1756 feet. The
yard contains seven building slips, two of
i which will allow vessels of 700 feet in
: length. Each slip has its plant of tools,
| which, although expensive in first cost,
saves much time subsequently.
Next. April naval maneuvers will be held
on the largest scale yet attempted in
Japan. About 160 veseels will participate,
including the two new battleships Hat
suse and Shikishima. The Emperor will
be in command, and the programme will
be carried out as though the vessles were
actually engaging an enemy. It is ex
pected that all the foreign squadrons in
Far Eastern waters will assemble to wit
ness the maneuvers.
The erroneous idea seems to prevail in
this country that the good gunnery ex
hibited during the recent war with Spain
was due to the fact to much attention
ami large expenditures in our navy on
this very important object. According to
the statement made in a recent issue of
the Army and Navy Journal of New Tone
the total cost of the naval ammunition
expended during the Spanish-American
war was not one-fifth as great as the
amount expended annually in the British
navy in practice. It cost $45,000 in shells
and powder to destroy the Spanish squad
ron in Manila Bay, being at the rate of
$S 50 per round, and the running fight of
Santiago cost only about $100,000, or at the
rate of $14 25 per round.
The largest drydock in Germany is be
ing built at Bremerhaven. It is 722 feet
in length, 92 feet in width at entrance and
will have nearly 33 feet of water over the
sill at high tide, making it possible to
dock a ship of the greatest draught at
any stage of water. It is constructed of
concrete and brick and will cost about
$1,500,000, toward which the Government
contributes $600,000, for which it secures
the usual right under such conditions of
; utilizing the dock for war, vessels in the
I event of war or pressing necessity. The
! city of Bremen contributes $900,000 toward
j the new dock and a steamship company
has made arrangements for docking its
steamers, which will , Insure an annual
interest of 5 per cent upon the outlay by
the city. '-
The policy of the Italian Government is
j very liberal toward contractors for naval
i vessels. In 1595 the Ansaldo Company at
Sestri Ponente, near Naples, obtained the
| contract for an armored cruiser to be
| called the Garibaldi. When the ship was
launched the contractors received an of-
I fer from the Argentine Republic, and with
j the Italian Government's approval the
j ship was sold to the South American re
i public, where she is now under the
original name. A second Garibaldi was
j likewise disposed of to Spain, and named
the Christobal Colon— a name not un
! familiar, to the people of the United
j States. The third Garibaldi was turned
! over to the Argentine Republic and nam
ed the Puerridon, and the fourth Gari
baldi, ostensibly building for the Italian
navy, may likewise be disposed of. She
was begun in September, 1898, and launch
-led in nine months. The ship is an im
provement on her predecessors, being 7393
tons, 13,500 horse-power, and twenty knots
speed. The armor is 6-inch nickel steel
and the battery is composed of one 10
--inch, two 8-inch quick-firers and fourteen
6-Inch quick-firers. The contract cost of
the first Garibaldi was $3,400,000, but the
action of the Italian Navy Department,
due chiefly to the chronic state
of impecuniousness, has enabled the
contractors to turn the sum four
times over and thus distribute
$13,600,000 among the workmen of Italy.
Orlando Bros., at Leghorn, have re
ceived similar favors, for of three vessels
bearing the name of Varesa, two have
gone to the Argentine Republic, where
they are known as the San Martin and
the General Belgrano, and the third
Varesa may follow its sister ships or be
taken by the Italian Government.
The French Mediterranean squadron re
cently had some target tiring with large
and medium-caliber guns. The vessels
were under steam and fired at ranges
varying from 2200 to 5000 yards. No report
has yet been made public of the speed at
which the ships moved, nor of the char
acter of the target, but the records of in
dividual ships is as follows:
SCOPE OF EXAMINER'S SENSE
L'ltalia, the Italian newspaper pub
lished in this city, resents in most vigor
ous style the insult to its people published
by the Examiner recently. The Call, it
appears, invoked the aid of Signor Mar
coni's most marvelous invention to re
port the international yacht race. To be
little the enterprise of its rival the Ex
aminer sneers at wireless telegraphy as
a silly fad, and calls its Inventor Signor
Macaroni. This is about the full scope
of Examiner wit and sense. L'ltalia very
truthfully says that these guttersnipe in
surers of Marconi would do well to re
member that it was the genius of the
Italian, Flavio Gioia, which gave to
navigation the mariner's compass; physi
cal sciences owe to Torricelli the inven
tion-of the barometer. Volta and Galvani
discovered electricity, and Columbus dis
covered America. This last discovery
was not an unmixed blessing, however,
for it made the Examiner possible.—
Wasp. ________________________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
■ NO PREMIUM— J. R., Calavaras, Cal.
INO PREMIUM— J. on ass piece of 1836
There is no premium on a $5 piece of 1836
nor on one of 1838. This department has
■announced several times that there is
I no premium offered for $5 pieces coined
i after 1834.
ISLAND— B. T., California. The island
j that presents itself to the view of a per
| son standing at the northern end of Van
j Ness avenue and looking across the bay
I in a northerly direction is Alcatraz and
the one beyond is Angel Island.
MONTHS FOR MARRIAGES— F. A.,
City. It is usually supposed that May Is
the unpropituous month for marriages
and this view is generally sustained by
official figures. In England, June is the
favorite month; in Germany, April is the
favorite; in Italy, February; France,
April; Sweden, November, and in Russia,
February.
HAWAIIAN VESSELS— E. L., Santa
Cruz, Cal. Vessels flying the Hawaiian
flag will come under the United States
laws as soon as Congress makes provision
therefor. This department has not the
space to devote to the shipping laws of
Hawaii. If you desire any particular in
formation thereon this department will
furnish it.
GRANT AND THE JEWS— M., Oak
land, Cal. It was while U. S. Grant was
at Holly Springs, Miss., in 1862, that he
issued an order expelling from his depart
ment within twenty-four hours, "the Jews
as a class violating every regulation of
trade established by the Treasury De
partment and also department orders."
This was revoked three weeks later by
orders from Washington.
GREASE SPOTS— B. T., City. There
are a number of preparations to be ob
tained at drugstores that will "remove
grease spots from a light tan jacket
caused by oily hair," but this department
cannot advertise any of these prepara
tions. If you wish to be sure that "the
color shall not be affected or the texture
injured" send the garment to a profes
sional cleaner.
TWO SQUADRONS— F. O. 8., City.
At the time that the Asiatic squadron in
Manila Bay commanded by Dewey de
stroyed the Spanish fleet it was made up
of the following-named vessels: Olympia,
first class cruiser; Baltimore, second rate
cruiser; Raleigh, second rate cruiser;
Concord, third rate cruiser; Petrel, fourth
rate; McCulloch, revenue cutter;
Nachan, collier; Zafiro, supply vessel.
Sampson's squadron was made up of
the New York, lowa, Indiana. Oregon
Miantonomoh, Fern, Amphitrite, Puri
tan, Terror, Cincinnati, Marblehead
Montgomery, Bancroft, Dolphin, Detroit
Castine, Lancaster, Nashville. Helena,
Vicksburg, Wilmington. Newport, Ve
suvius, Machias, Foote, Dupont, Ericsson
Stiletto, Cushing, Porter, Rodgers, Wins
low, Leyden and Samoset.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
In France advertising posters must bear
revenue stamps varying in value, accord
ing to the size of the poster. A man who
affixed a 15-centime stamp on a poster
which should have had only a 6-centime
stamp, has just been fined 125 francs, or
$25, for the offense.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect 6uccess. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. Fop sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Airs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 23c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 60 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
According to Dr. Schjerning, there were
only 9jo cases of tuberculosis last year in
a force of 514,830 men. The number of
deaths from this disease in the army has
been gradually decreasing from .42 per
thousand in 1892 to .24 . per thousand in
1897.
___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
When tiie Blood
is pale, then your lips and
cheeks arc pale, your nerves
weak, and your whole body
greatlydebilitated. Thedoc-
tors say "You have anemia."
There's just one thing yo*
need — something to make
the blood rich and red.
will certainly do this. It
will make the most happy
changes for you, and soon
your old strength and ac-
tivity will return.
50c. and $x.o«, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.SO NEWS FROM
OVERDUE SHIP
CHAS, E. MOODY
The Gaelic Arrives
From Honolulu.
— *
ANOTHER TRANSPORT IN PORT
*
WESTMINSTER WELL CABBY
HORSES TO MANILA.
•
Six Troopships Will Sail for the !
Philippines Next — Tartar
and Manauense the First
to Sail Westward.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic arrived from the Ori
ent yesterday. She was looked for Friday
night last, but was a day late leaving Yo
kohama and met strong head winds and
a heavy sea all the way from Honolulu,
She brought up 59 cabin passengers, IS
second cabin and 334 Chinese passengers.
Her cargo is a very valuable one, among
it being $339,000 in specie.
Colonel J. W. Pope, U. S. A., who went
to Manila on the transport Newport, was
a passenger on the Gaelic. ills wife had
been waiting at the Occidental for him,
and yesterday went on a tug to the quar
antine station to meet him.
The steamers Gaelic and Mariposa met
on the 10th inst. The Mariposa left here
on the sth Inst, for New Zealand and Au
stralia, and was about thirty hours'
steaming from Honolulu when the Gaelic
Epoke her.
The overdue ship Charles E. Moody
had not arrived at Honolulu when the
Gaelic sailed. The Moody is now out 181
days from Norfolk, Va., for Honolulu
with a cargo of coal, and 45 per cent is
being paid to reinsure hull and cargo.
Captain Anderson of Lewis, Anderson &
Co., one of the owners, is confident that
the ship is afloat. He thinks she la going
via the Cape of Good Hope, and will ar
rive ln Honolulu in due course. No anx
iety was felt in Hawaii about the ship
when the Gaelic sailed.
The transport Centennial arrived at
Honolulu on -the Bth inst. and the Sheri
dan on the Tth inst., while the Aztec sailed
for Manila on the 3d. Sherman on the
4th, hospital ship Relief for Guam on the
Bth. Grant for Manila on the Oth and Ta
coma on the Tth. The officers on the Gae
lic say that Honolulu has been having a
busy time of it with the transports.
The barkentine Omega. Captain Har
rington, cleared at Honolulu for San
Irancisco in ballast on October T
„£! 10 the v essel was added to the trans
port fleet yesterday. The British steamer
yvestminster arrived from Newcastle.
Australia, yesterday, and as soon as her
cargo of coal is discharged she will be
made ready to sail for Manila. She was
surveyed b 7.u Captains Bafneson and
Batchelder of the transport service yester
day and found to be in first-class condi
t on. The Westminster, has accommoda
tions for 000 horses and nearly that num
ber of animals will be sent away on her
The Leelanaw will be ready for service
again about the end of the week. She
will carry 254 horses. The Conemaugh
will carry over 300 horses, and she also
will he ready for the trip about the end
of the week. In all over a thousand head
of stock will be on its wav to Manila in-
Eide of ten days.
Of the fleet of troopships now in port six
of them will ha ready for sea about the
same time. Work is being rushed on the
Tartar, Manauense, Olvmpla. City of Pe
king. Pennsylvania ana Newport, and all
of them will probably be ready for sea
next Saturday, but it will be the 23d Inst,
before they sail. The Tartar and Manau
ense will be the first to depart. They
will carry the regiment that has been :
quarantined on Angel Island. The City
of ting and Pennsylvania will each car- ■
ry a regiment, while a third will go on
Mie Olympia and Newport. In all about
iTOOO men -.-.ill sail during Monday and !
Tuesday of next week.
These vessels will be followed in rapid !
succession by the Ben Mohr, Hancock, i
Victoria. Scindla and probably the Justin.
The two latter vessels are at Mare Isl
and, and will doubtless be got ready for
the voyage at that station.'
Besides these vessels quite a fleet is now
on Its way here from Manila, which will
be sent back as quickly as possible. The
Senator, with the Fifty-first. lowa Regi
ment aboard, should be here on the 24th
inst. She made a good run to Yokohama,
and left there for San Francisco on Octo
ber 7. The Wyefield ls now ten days out
from Hongkong and the City of Sydney
nineteen days from Manila." The Ohio
and Indiana are carrying the Tennessee
boys. The Ohio is 14 days out from
Hongkong and the Indiana eight days
from Manila, while the City of Puebla is
ten days, the Garonne nine days and the
St. Paul six days out from Manila. All
of these vessels should reach here be
tween next week and the first week in
November, and with anything like luck
the last of them should be .back in Manila
by the middle of December.
The State officials of lowa and the dele
gation that has come out here to welcome
home the lowa regiment were on the
front yesterday. They heard that divine
services were held aboard the battleship
lowa every Sunday morning at 11 o'clock,
fo they sent a request out to the captain
asking permission to attend. Their re
quest was readily granted and two launch
es were sent ashore to bring them out.
After the services the visitors were shown
over the ship, and came back ashore de
lighted with the warship and her officers.
Beersman's Body Found.
The body of "William H. Beersman, who
mysteriously disappeared from his broth
er's room, Saturday morning.October 7.was
iound yesterday morning floating in the bay
off Point Black by B. Hermann of 2910
larkin street and J. Lydon, who resides
on Larkin street at the waterfront. Cor
oner's Deputies J. D. Sullivan and J. J.
Flannaeran went to the place and con
veyed the body to the Morgue, W. H.
Beersman Identified the body as that of
his missing brother.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■
jfjfappy pothers
Sratitude
l [LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 26,785]
" Dear Mrs. Pinkuam — I have many,
many thanks to give you for what your
Vegetable Compound has done for me.
After first confinement I was sick for
nine years with prolapsus of the womb,
had pain in left Bide, in small of back,
a great deal of headache, palpitation
of heart and leucorrhoea. I felt so
weak and tired that I could not do my
work. I became pregnant again and
took your Compound all through, and
now have a sweet baby girl. I never
before had such an easy time during
labor, and I feel it was due to I^dia
E. Pinkhams Vegetable Compound. I
am now able to do my work and feel
better than I have for years. I cannot
thank you enough.?— -Mbs. Ed. Eh-
Z.INGEK, Devine, Tex.
Wonderfully Strengthened.
"I have been taking Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, Blood
Purifier and Liver Pills and feel won-
derfully strengthened. Before using
your remedies I was in a terrible state;
felt like fainting every little while. I
thought I must surely die. But now,
thanks to your remedies, those feel-
ings are all gone."— Mbs, \ Emilie
BCHTTMDKB, 1244 HELEN AYE., Detboit
Mich.
SIMPLE TRIBUTE TO THE
MEMORY OF WILL SNOW
SERVICES In memory of Will A Snow, late marine reporter on the Chron
icle, who lost his life on the night of Thursday, October 10. by falling
into the bay from a launch, were held yesterday afternoon at the rooms
of the Press Club on Ellis street More than a hundred friends and fel
low-workers of the dead Journalist gathered to testify their sorrow at
his untimely taking off. There was nothing elaborate about the exercises.
They were sinjple testimonial of friends to the worth of the dead man.
James P. Booth, president of the club, took charge of the proceedings and
introduced those who lent their aid to tho occasion. A song, "Still, Still With
Thee," by the Press Club quartet, was first, and then Ernest S. Simpson, city
editor of the Chronicle, spoke briefly and feelingly of the deceased.
"It is not my place to attempt any eulogy," he said, "but to testify to the
appreciation in which Snow was held and how he was esteemed by those for
whom and with whom he worked; how we knew of the courage and of the
faithful, sympathetic, unassuming nature of the man, and to say that It has
been a revelation to us that so many others knew him as we knew him. From
all walks of life comes testimony to the integrity and worth of the man and
his fine honor— from all along the water front, on which he worked, from the
military camps, from the soldiers, from all with whom he came in contact. We
did not Imagine that so many had found out the man as we knew him. It
was a revelation to us. selfish as we were in the belief that only we appreciated
him. We remember too well the shock and horror of that night of his death;
the quivering lips, the whitened faces, the shaking voices of those who came
to tell what had happened out there In the dark and storm. We hope and pray
that the sea may give back Its dead, that we may send it to the mother who
weeps and waits ln far away Kansas.
"We know not what there may be in the valley beyond the shadows, but
we believe and we know that among the souls of the men who have died for
duty's sake, clear and fair and white as any in that company shines the soul
of brave Will Snow. God rest him."
Homer Henley sang "Calvary," and after him came Merton C. Allen of
the Chronicle, who spoke of the dead man as he had been among his fellows;
of his genial manners and his sterling worth. He told of the bright future
that lay before the man so suddenly taken off. and he referred to the life of
the deceased as one worthy to be an example to those who sorrowed for him.
He had but gone, said Mr. Allen, to that better land, the portal of which men
call death.
Andrew Y. Wood followed with a solo. "Sion," and A. J. Waterhouse read
a poem written in tribute to tho worth of the deceased. "Come Unto Me" was
rendered by the quartet, and Dwight L. Potter of Oakland, who had been at
college with Snow ln Kansas, spoke for the relatives of the dead man. In
their name he thanked the friends who had gathered and who had shown such
kindly and ready sympathy, and then he repeated a prayer for the departed
soul, while those In the entertainment hall of the Press Club, a place unused
to such invocations, bowed their heads and followed him reverently.
General Funston and Vernon Kellogg of Stanford University were among
those who attended the memorial. Both were friends and fellow-collegians
with Snow.
The father of the dead Journalist will arrive at San Francisco to-day.
HAS LOCATED
RICH CLAIMS
AT CAPE NOME
Lieutenant Bennett Is
Home Again.
Lieutenant G. W. Bennett, a well
known former police officer of this city,
returned to liis home Saturday on the
ship Carrie and Annie after an absence
of two years in the gold fields of Alaska,
Lieutenant Bennett, who was one of
the most popular members of the force
and who served in its ranks for more
than twenty years, left for the Klondike
two years ago hoping to restore his
broken health by the long sea voyage.
He returns much better physically, al
though his left arm Is still partially par
alyzed from his former sickness. He has
been far more fortunate, however, than
many of those who have sought wealth
in the north.
Bennett yesterday recounted some of
his adventures to friends who stopped
him at every step he took from his home
at 814 lowa street. Every one in the Po
trero knows Lieutenant Bennett and they
were all anxious to say a cordial word of
greeting. He left for Alaska on the
Mayor Bidwell. a steamer owned by the
Independent Mining Company, of which
he is a member. A storm carried the ves
sel beyond St. Michael and threw them
right into the rich Nome district. Land
ing at Golovin Bay they were the second
party to strike these rich fields. The
company has located in this district alter
a year's prospecting some sixty-five rich
claims.
Lieutenant Bennett tells some startling
tales of hazardous escapes from death.
On one occasion the little steamer be
longing to the party battled with the
waves for eighteen hours, trying to keep
off a rocky shore. Another time the lieu
tenant and two companions, while sled
ding provisions over a frozen river, were
blown nearly a mile by a fierce hurricane
to what peemed certain death. Another
disagreeable incident occurred in en
deavoring to secure water, which can
only be obtained by melting ice. The party
was horrified on one occasion to find that
they had swallowed frozen pieces from a
dead Eskimo,
Among these in the party were Adoiph
Peterson, Charles Jewel, August Schultz,
Charles Ryoell, Henry Gumm, Peter Ben
son, Fred Olson, John Sandel, Morris
Enright, e Mike McDonald and Charles
Nelson.
Lieutenant Bennett expects to return to
his claims in a few months.
t^*z/fr_yjsffii/M_3-
Is prepared at our brewery and Is guaranteed
unequaled- in quality, purity and medicinal
virtue.
ANHEUSER-BTJSCH BREWING ASS'N.
Died From Heart Failure.
William Fahlbush, a musician, residing
at 220 I.obos street. Ocean View, was
found dead ln hod yesterday morning by
his son. The death was reported at the
Coroner's office, and Deputy P. J. MeCor
mick, on Investigating the case, ascer
tained that Fahlbush's death resulted
from heart failure. In consequence of
this, and at the request of the members
of the family, the body was not removed
to the Morgue.
FOUR TIMES MENTIONED
FOR GALLANT ACTIONS
AMONG the passengers who ar-B
on yostordayH
Mosely.H
late Eighteenth^
com-M
hostilities Spn:nH
Span-M
bothM
troubles he In making a:il
enviable for :;nwl
returns the a scrgeantM
four for gal-H
to to the andH
ho iiort'urmedH
in defense the honor his flag.H
Though al
ho hisH
first the storming Ma-I
late before he theH
stripes a hlsH
name tO Washington amongM
those commanding goneraiM
for galiant.-yM
in
His distinction on this no.l
casion entire rogime.ntM
in the the o:iel
to enter Intreiu mucins
which he fifty o fl
the balance bayon-H
eting a Spanish officer who disputed hispassageJH
Another of his actions was bringing a wounded comrade off the fleld^B
at Hollo under a heavy Are. The man was wounded a second time while I
Mosely had him on his back. '^|
Mosely was offered a commission In one of the new volunteer regimen
but as the need of patriotic self-sacrifice had departed, he preferred to re-M
turn to his home to the delights of American life and the comforts of peace I
Mr. Mosely, who is the only son of Mrs. Colonel Bean, has a host oi^T
friends among the young society folk of this city, who will be delighted O
to hear of his return. - * ♦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. OCTOBER < I6, 1899.
BAD Ml FROM
TEXAS GOES ON
THE WARPATH
Mendenhall Tries to
Kill Castro.
William Mendenhall. an ex-sergeant in
the Twenty-fourth Infantry, attempted
yesterday afternoon to murder John Cas
tro, a saloon-keeper at 311 Pacific street.
It was by the merest chance that he did
not succeed.
Mendenhall is half-Indian and half-ne
gro, and boasts that he is "the gamest
| black beast that ever walked." He had
been haunting Castro's saloon for some
I months, having become Infatuated with
I a woman who frequented it. About three
months ago he was arrested for disturb
: ing the peace, caused by his fancy for the
woman, and on more than one occasion
since then he has caused a disturbance
in the neighborhood.
Early yesterday morning Mendenhall
was in the saloon and got so noisy that
he was thrown out. The woman had sent
him a note asking him to call, and be
cause the saloon-keeper refused to allow
him to see her he got angry and threat
ened to demolish the place.
Yesterday afternoon Mendenhall got
filled up with Barbary Coast whisky
, and purchased a revolver. He went to
Castro's saloon, determined to wreak
j vengeance on the man who had come be
tween him and the woman. Castro was
! standing in front of the bar, and as Men
! denhall opened the saloon door they were
! close to each other. Mendenhall pulled
, the revolver out of his pocket, and with
; out saying a word fired a shot at '"astro
The bullet grazed the saloon man's ear. i
and so close was the revolver to him that !
his ear was powder marked. The bullet i
struck an oak frame surrounding a pic
ture of "William Jennings Bryan, the apos- .
, tle of free silver, and lodged In the wall.
| There were some friends of Castro in
the saloon at the time, and before Men
denhall could fire again they rushed upon
him, and after disarming him gave him
|an unmerciful beating. Sergeant Chris
tiansen and some officers were apprised
of the shootinc: and were on the scene in
j time to save Mendenhall's life. He was
taken to the Harbor Hospital.- where cuts
' under his eyes and on his nose and face
were dressed. He was taken to the City ,
Prison, where a charge of assault to com*- ;'
! mit murder was booked against him. '■■
■ Judge Mogan happened to be In the prison '
at the time, and Mendenhall made it plain
! to his Honor that he came from Cleve- j
land, Tex., and, was a bad man to fool
; with.
Garfield League Entertainment.
The Garfield League Is arranging an en
tertainment and dance in honor of the
organizations that assisted in the Garfield
memorial exercises at Golden Gate Park.
The affair will take place next Saturday
evening at 507 Sutter street. The com
mittee in charge consists of Richard Val
lentine, Joseph Meneses, A. de la Torre
Jr. and Dawson Meyer. The programme
will consist of a vocal selection, "The
Banner of the Bear" (Roeckel) by the
Alamo Quartet, composed of Mme. Ellen
Coursen-Roeckel, Mrs. H. Lewis, iVule
Elena ■ Roeckel, Miss May Mabil;
humorous remarks, Charles Alpers* sonjr'
(a) "II Bacio" (Ardlti), (b) "My Flap"
just published ( Roeckel). Ny Mrs. Bert
Godalr Adams: recitation, Major Charles
W. Kyle; songs, Knickerbocker Quartet:
humorous selections by Mr. Van Cleve
dance and Cakewalk by professional tal
ent, and dialect stories by members, fol
lowed by dancing.
FRANK B. MOSELY.
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Dr. William J. Rolfe, Dr. Ham
ilton W. Mabie. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Isaac N. Demraon. Dr. Vlda
D. Scudder and others.
1. HOW TO STUDY SHAKESPEARE
Let us suppose that one Is approaching
Shakespeare for the first time. If he feels
himself at a loss to know what to do be
yond reading each play through, it ls be
cause he does not know what to look for.
For that ls what study is. It is a looking
for something and an endeavor to ascer
tain when one has found it. In arithmetic
and algebra lt is a looking for the answer
to a problem, or rather for the processes
leading to the discovery of the answer.
In history it is a looking for the causes
which have made individuals or nations
great, and the reasons for their decline or
overthrow. In chemistry it is a looking
SHAKESPEARE, From the Stratford Portrait.
The pretentious painting known as the Stratford portrait and presented ln 1867 by
W. O. Hunt, town clerk of Stratford, to the Birthplace museum, where it ls
very prominently displayed, was probably painted from the bust in the Strat
ford church late in the eighteenth century.
for the elements of which a body is com
posed and the proportions In which those
elements enter into the constitution of the
body. In psychology it is a looking for
the traits which go to make up human
nature. In painting it is a looking for the
secrets of color, of beautiful line, of at
mosphere, of composition, of tone. As all
study is a search, the question of how to
study Shakespeare is best approached
through the question, What shall we look
for in Shakespeare?
I shall of course not attempt to enum
erate all the things which one may rea
onably hope to find in the dramas, which,
by common consent, stand at the summit
of English literature, if not of the
world's, but shall content myself with
mentioning a few of the more obvious, if
at the same time they represent funda
mental aspects of the poet's work and are
profitable subjects for prolonged consid
eration.
1. It is related by St. Augustine that,
! upon the recitation in the theater of the
famous line of Terence, "I am a man. and
I I consider naught that Is human beneath
my regard," the whole audience. broke out
into thunderous acclamation. Shakes
peare might have adopted the line as his
motto. Beyond any other writer he has
exemplified Pope's sentiment, "The proper
study of mankind is man." He was
a hero-worshiper when hero-worship
was possible; when he could not
approve, he yet loved; and when
he could not love, he scrutinized, he an
alyzed, he revealed. The Individual soul
lis to him infinitely attractive, nay. en
! grossing; he is appreciative of Its virtues
and aspirations, tolerant of Its foibles
and amused by its harmless or delightful
eccentricities: he sounds Its deepest pas
sions, comprehends the mainsprings of
its activity, and. while watching how it
is Impelled by desire or precipitated by
circumstance toward an Inescapable fu
ture, he is touched by its pathos and its
tragedy or exults in Its attainment and
Its joy. Partake Shakespeare's delight in
life, and in the play of life upon life, if
you would derive impulse and Instruction
from the vast spectacle of man, if you
would find a village rife with momentous
mystery, and make the circle of your ac
! quaintance a theater replete with the cv
! rious and the wonderful. Begin this study
lin any play of Shakespeare. Count up
its distinct characters: note their indi
vidual traits; see to what types they sev
erally belong and to what classes of so
ciety: observe how they behave in dif
ferent situations and how they react one
upon another; and discover how far they
resemble the men and women that you
know or that you have read about. When
you have done this with half a dozen
dramas try to form some conception of
the range of interests, the closeness of
observation and the quickness and versa
tility of sympathy of the man who could
imagine and create this world of human
beings. You will thus have begun to
study Shakespeare, and perhaps to find a
new meaning in the world about you.
2. Notwithstanding Shakespeare's ab
sorption in the individual soul, notwith
standing his sympathetic interpretation
of the beggar, the serving man, the thief,
the drunkard, or the monster lower than
man— if any monster can be lower than
degraded man— yet he Is never at a loss
to exhibit a scale of values for his per
sonages. They are not equal In spiritual
rank, and he never pretends they are. We
feel with Caliban, as more righteous be
ing than ourselves would feel with In
dians and other barbarians, when he says:
•''.'■ vii- When thou earnest first '£-,yl7i
Thou strokest m« and made much of me;
wouldst give me 7"7.77-7j-:
Water with berries in 't, and teach me how
To name the bigger light, and how the less.
That burn by day and night, and then I loved
thee.
And showed thee all tho qualities o' the Isle*-
The fresh springs, brine pits, barren place and
fertile —
Cursed be I that did sol All the charms
Of Sycorax. toads, beetles, bats, light on you!
For I am all the subjects that you have.
Which first was mine own king, and here you
sty me
In this hard rock, whiles you __■ keep from me
The rest o' tne island.
Yet though we resent the apparent in
justice which he suffers, we never suppose
him to be the peer of Miranda or Phospero.
We may make merry with Falstaff and
find his wit, his roguery and resource in
finitely diverting, yet Shakespeare con
vinces us of his essential vileness and fu
tility, and even causes us in some measure
to despise ourselves for our laughing con
donation of his vices, when Prince Hal,
now king indeed, touches him as with
the spear of Ithuriel and causes him to
appear in his true aspect ("2 Hen. 1V.,"
V., v., 51-74.).
3. Shakespeare has the greatest respect
for the civic virtues, for those which hold
together the framework of society. It fol
lows that he brands with his abhorrence
all treachery, disloyalty and Ingratitude,
all ruthless and insolent tyranny, and all
deliberate failure to co-operate In the ad
vancement of the common weal. Almost
very one of the more serious plays and
even some of the comedies, will furnish
; instances in proof. In "King Lear" he
stigmatizes filial ingratitude; in "Mac
beth," regicide and oppression; In "The
Tempest," treason; and these are but
specimens. Now and again the whole
tempest of bis eloquence is poured out in
a flood on the unsocial vices, on lawless
ness, anarchy and riot.
4. While It is thus true that Shake
speare has for his characters a scale of
values and recognizes a pantheon of vir
tues, it must be said, on the other hand,
that there is an excellence for which he
has but scant and conventional appre
ciation. I refer to the virtue which has
primary reference to God, as those al
ready mentioned have to man or the state.
Though he can at times manifest tender
ness and reverence in his allusions to
sacred things (as c. g.. "1 Hen. 1V.," 1.,
1., 18-27; "Hamlet." I . i.. 158-134; "All's
Well," 11., i.. 139-144). yet for reverence,
for worship, for holiness of life, he in
general has but slight regard. The ami
able friar In "Romeo and Juliet" by no
means Inspires unqualified reverence; the
ambitious Gloucester, not yet become
King. Richard 111., is willingly supported
! in his young hypocrisy by two bishops,
and the saintly seeming Angelo in "Meas
use for Measure" has but stolen the livery
of the court of heaven to serve the devil
in. Shakespeare came between the earlier
ages of faith, with their exaltation of re
ligion, and the puritanism of the seven
; teenth century. He finds the Middle Ages
j picturesque and despises the puritans; he
| himself In a child of the Renaissance, and
his kingdom Is a kingdom of this world.
5. While Shakespeare's prime interest
is in humanity, he yet has an open eye
for the terror, the majesty and the beauty
of the physical universe, and for the
aspect of all things visible. Take but two
illustrations— the one of the sun ("Richard
II.," 111., 11., 41-2. when
From under the terrestlal ball
Ho fires the proud tops of the eastern pines;
the other of the winds ("2 Hen. IV. 11l
i., 22-4): .
Who take the ruffian billows by the tops.
Curling their monstrous heads and hanging
them
With deafening clamor In the slippery clouds;
I or. If you wish another, add the picture of
j a navy afloat ("Henry V.," 111., prol.
7-16). But in any case note how he per
! sonifies— he makes nature alive with
j man. j 7- :
6. Shakespeare has definite views con
[ cerning poetry. its nature and processes.
Thus he proclaims the office of poetry to
soften and refine ("Two Gentlemen of
| Verona." 111.. 11., 72 ff.): .-777
Much is the force of heaven-bred poesy.
For Orpheus' lute was strung with poets'
sinews 777 ';■'-• 77:7V- ■■T.v..: 7
Whose golden touch could soften steel and
stones.
Make tigers tame and huge leviathans
Forsake unsounded deeps to dance on sands.
Again, he tells us what Is the poet's
master faculty ("Midsummer Night's
Dream," V., 1., 12-17):
The poet's eye. In a fine frenzy rolling,
Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth
to heaven; ~v.-V.-v7
And, as Imagination bodies forth
The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen
Turns them to shapes and gives to airy nothing
'a local habitation and a nam*-
He affirms a deep and hard truth ("As
You Like It," 111., iii., 19): "The truest
poetry is the most feigning." He per
ceives that art may surpass nature
("Venus and Adonis,". 289 ff.):
Look when a painter would surpass the life.
In limning out a well-proportioned steed,
His art with nature's workmanship at strife,
As if the dead the living should exceed;
So did this horse excel a common one
In shape, in courage, color, pace and bone.
And in the perplexed question concerning
the relative superiority of art and nature
he gives an illuminative decision ("Win
ter's Tale," IV., iv., 89 ff.):
Made better by no means,
But nature makes that mean: so over that art
Which you say adds to nature is an art
That nature makes.
There is an art
Which does mend nature, change it rather, but
The art Itself Is nature.
Finally, when he speaks of "the elegancy,
facility and golden cadence of poesy," he
has at once named the trait by which the
unlettered most readily recognize it, and
the quantity of which the greatest mas
ters are the quickest to appreciate "the
charm, Shakespeare studied nature, but
he labored at an art; and the measure of
his success in touching the hearts of men
Is the perfection which his art attained.
So we may, if we will begin by looking
in Shakespeare for these six things. We
may see how he loves, and studies, and
reveals man in brutes— the human soul In
a human body— in a word which thwarts,
perplexes, amuses or inspires him, and
amid other human beings from whom he
is strikingly dissimilar, and with whom
he is essentialy akin. Then we may ob
serve how Shakespeare never persistently
and ultimately misleads us, but always
gives us ample materials for deciding
upon the true moral rank of each of his
important characters. We may perceive
how he is interested to uphold the moral
order of the world, as revealed In social
and political institutions, and how he
lashes those who are guilty of any at
tempt to subvert this moral order, while
he bestows honors with a lavish hand
upon those who are concerned in main
taining It. We shall then discover, on
closer inspection, that the dramatist has
but slight sympathy with other worldli
ness, with the spirit that, regarding man
as a stranger and pilgrim on the earth,
deliberately sets its affection on things
above. Next, we may follow his pencil
as, with vigorous or tender touches, it
paints for us the appearance and effects
of objects in the world of sense, rarely
giving us an object alone, but associating
them in groups, or uniting them by recip
rocal action and influence, as he does
with his human beings. hen we have
begun all this, we may at length study
Shakespeare's views concerning the won
derful art by which he was enabled to
perform these marvels, and investigate
the means by which they were actually
brought to pass.
_ Tale University.
[Copyrighted, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.]
Note — Shakespeare studies will be
published on Mondays and Thursdays.
The study of "Love's Labor Lost" will be
commenced on Thursday.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY
CIRCLE.
Great Artists.
This course will be published
on Tuesdays, beginning Tuesday,
October 17.
CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS
COURSE:
JOHN C. VAN DYKE, LED.,
Lecturer on art at Columbia, Harvard and
Princeton.
RUSSELL STURGIS,Ph.D.,F.A.I.A.
Art Critic of trje New YorK Times.
A. L. FROTHINGHAM JR., Ph.D.,
Professor of Art, Princeton University.
ARTHUR HOEBER,
Art Critic of the New YorK Commercial
Advertiser.
FRANK FOWLER,
New YorK City.
THE FOLLOWING ARTISTS WILL
BE TAKEN UP:
1. Titian.
2. Correggio.
3. Donatello.
4. Valasquez.
5. Dnrer.
6. Hans Holbein.
7. Van Dyke.
8. Frans Hats.
9. Gainsborough.
10. Constable.
11. Sir Thomas Lawrence.
12. Sir Edwin Landseer.
13. Meissonier.
14. Gilbert_Stuart.
Full particulars In illustrated
booklet mailed free to any address.
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23. 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or chine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12..-30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. >*J
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
LAST 6 NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The great laugh producer.
I WL
TOP%Y
IT^ltfrY
1 : — i
With Its host of big hits.
Eddie Foy, Josie De Witt. Bertie Fowler. Phil
H. Ryley and 40 others.
Next Sunday night, Hoyt's "A MILK
WHITE FLAG."
Special comedy season prices— 75c, 500, 25c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
ANOTHER ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
"MAGDA,"
A great success, as performed by
NANCE otneii^
And her PARLE COMPANY.- i- ■
TO-NIGHT (Monday), Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday Nights and Saturday
Matinee, Last Times of
"MAGDA."
Friday Night (Only Time), . '
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Saturday night, last appearance of Nance
O'Neil In "OLIVER TWIST." (By special
request.) ■ . ■ : -*■:■■■■
POPULAR PRICES-Evening, 750, 500 and
25c. Matinee, SOc and 25c.
Commencing Sunday night, October 22,
Charles Miller's comedians. In the Musical
Farce. "A BREACH OF PROMISE."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Mg^ TO-
NIGHT,
The past master of
wf "THE
&wi MASKED
jK<% BALL"
C& Next— "The Thre«
Musketeers."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Superb Production of
"FRA DIAVOLO."
A Great Cast for this Revival!!
Every One Predicts Another Triumph.
"Fra Diavolo" repeated Wednesday. Friday
Nights and Saturday Matinee.
SPECIAL!! SPECIAL!! By General Request!!
"OTHELLO."
Tuesday and Saturday Evenings.
"CAVALLERIA" and "PAGLIACCI" Thurs-
day and Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES. 25 and 50 cents.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9. ; ■■'•
THE NEW BILL IS ONE OF THE ORPHE-
UM'S BIGGEST HITS.
IF YOU FAIL TO SEE
MLLE. LOTTY
You will not be up-to-date. - ' ;.7 : 7
"Her act is the prettiest and daintiest of Its
kind ever produced"— Leander RU-hr.. dson.' - •"'
J. W. WINTON, the Australian Ventriloquist.
TOM BROWN, the Black-faced Humorist.
FLORENZ TROUPE, Howard's Ponies, Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Haskins. La Page Sisters,
Little Elsie, Hawaiian Queens.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, SOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
- -■-.---
THIS EVENING.
Magnificent production of Genee's • beautiful
and favorite comic opera,
lUMNI
-
BEST POPULAR PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c, 85<^
50c.
Best reserved seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
_ __
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
RED CROSS BENEFIT!
WEEK OF OCTOBER 16, 1899.
BAND OF THE FIRST CALIFORNIA VOL-
. UNTEERS.
War Dept. Views and Exhibit
—
During this week the audience will not be
annoyed by peripatetic peanut venders, c&ndj
fiends or flower angels.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE and HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's Champion High Divers.
"MAJOR 7 MITE"
(Smallest Male Actor on Earth).
Who Will Marry CHIQUITA at the Paris .
Exposition.
See the SCENES FROM THE ' DREYFUS
CASE. Reproduced by the Animat6scope.
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
"GO WHERE TBE CROWDS GO"
And "HELP TBEM LAUGH."
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
.3ESs_____W&Evfff
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE 25 COMHT " ;
• -7 ISLAND NOVELTIES.
Delighted crowds voted every one a winner,
especially the ghastly Third Degree Regions,
where, His Royal Nibs, the Devil, and his
magic wand will reign supreme. f
PROF. HILL, marvel of the high wire, dally.
10c— Admission to all parta and ride—
New attractions to be continually added.
if CALI
y>:- '7 „_ <
.■.■--.-.. -h
Enlarged to 16 Pages '•
1 $1 per Year. j
56
ii/est.
PAPE IS TOO
SPEEDY FOR
SKIFF MEN
Defeats Dr. Dennis and George
Baker for the Sculling
Championship.
I Fine, weather and smooth water were
— enjoyed by the oarsmen at El Campo yes
terday, but a comparatively small num
ber Ot spectators witnessed lie annual
championship regatta of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union.
The surprises ot the day were supplied
by Stanley Addcrley, Triton Boating
Club, and the South End Junior barge
crew. Adderley, after being coaxed
against his inclination to enter the junior
skiff race, proved an easy winner, while
the South End junior barge crew, atter
being picked as sure winners by the
knowing ones, failed to finish. The only
mishap of the day occurred to George
F. McGrill of the South Ends in the
junior shell race, which was Brst on the
gramme. While being conveyed to El
Carnpo on the ferry-boat his shell was
Btepped on and injured: On being ■7 wed
down to the start it became waterlogged
and tx?gan to sink bow -. most, 'l'ne
!;ern was sticking up In the air when the
mall boat of W. S. Grover's yawl Arc
irius came by and picked McGill up. _.
In the senior outrigger skiff race A. \\ .
ape of the Dolphin Boating Club heat
Dr. C. C, Dennis of the South Ends and
eorge Baker of th<- Dolphins. in the
barge race wiiich wa* a well-con
>sted event, the Alameda seniors, though
impelled to row their best by the
ioneers, retained tbelr championship, lhe
m-oared cutter race between Divisions
and 2 of the Naval Battalion was
keenly fought, victory resting with Divi
on ':. the men of which tossed oars and
;t a blue pennant In their cutter's bow
s they crossed the finishing liner The
. -v. v was made ip as follows: McKee.
larboard stroke; Pierce, port stroke;
lapp. No. 3; Burgess, No. 4; Farnham,
:o. 5; O'Hearn. No. _; Sutton, No. .;
Bob." No. i; Buckley, starboard bow;
annler, port bow; Frank H. Biy the,
-wain: Cal ran, J. Buckley and Hold
>dge. substitutes. The races resulted as
dlows:
Junior shell race— E. Stenberg of the Ariel
Rowing Club, pulling a lont'. even stroke, led
to the stake and defeated George Lewis of
the Alameda Beating Club. Time, 12 minutes
20 BCCOHdS
Senior outrigger skiff race— Alexander W.
Pape, Dolphin Boating Club, won; Dr. C. C.
Dennis, South End Rowing Club, second;
George Baker, Dolphin Boating Club, did not
finish. Time, 12 minutes. Baker went off at
groat speed and forced the pace, but at the
turn was exhausted and rowed no further.
Pape beat Dennis by three or four lengths.
Senior shell race— James P. Foley. South
End Rowing Club, won by four lengths from
11. A. Wittkopf. Ariel Rowing Club. Time. 12
minutes 3° seconds.
Junior outrigger skiff race— Stanley Adlerley,
Triton Boating Cub. won; Dr. F. R. Axton.
Dolphin Boating Club, second; E. B. Thorning,
Alameda Boating Club, third. Charles Jenkins,
South End Rowing Club, also started. Time.
12 minues 55 seconds.
Junior four-oared barge race— Ariel Rowing
Club first. Alameda Boating Club second.
South End Rowing Club third. Alamedas
rowed a fast stroke, but Ariels rounded the
stake first ami won by two lengths.
Th- Ariel crew was made up of Charles
"Winter, bow; Charles Peters. No. 2: F. Loth.
No. 3; E. Lynch, stroke; Roy West, cock
pwV.n. The Alameda crew consisted of E.
Hainan, bow; E. M. Hunter. No. 2; 1). G.
<;r..- No. 3; George Lewis, stroke; E.
Hansen, cockswain.
Relay swimming race, teams of five men —
Olympic Reds, •Doc Flynn. W. Bush. Ed
Connolly, D. Foley and D. Carroll, swam a
dead heat with Olympic Whites, Lester Ham
mersmith.. Archie Taylor, W. H. King. A. W.
Pape and F. Duran.
Senior four-oared barge race— Alameda Boat
ing Club first. Pioneer Rowing "'lull second.
South End Rowing Club third. Time. 9 min
utes 55 seconds. The Alameda crew was made
tip of E. B. Hadcock. bow; W. <; Hansen, No.
2: D. G. Greenleaf. No. 3: F. '.V. Ayers, stroke;
E. Hansen, swain. The Pioneer crew con
sisted of George Cullopy, bow; Fred O'Neill.
No. 2: George Lawson, No. 7: Fred Beal,
stroke; Ed Hause. cockswain. The South End
crew was made up of James Pallas, bow; M.
J. Breen. No. 2: J. Lyons. No. 3; J. E. Scully,
stroke: George McGrlll. cockswain.
The officials in charge of the regatta were:
George James, referee; .T. T. Sullivan, starter:
W. O. Patch, marshal of the course: A. H.
Melltt! assistant marshal: S. J. Pembroke,
J. B. Keenan. John T. Mahoney, H. A. Pless
and H. W. Maass, tinners; P. J. Enright. A.
Taylor, A. .1. Frit*. T. I. Fitzpatrick. W. C
K*py. J. Klunder, A H. Schimpf. D. J Ever
ett. T. J. Sullivan. C. M. Farrell, N. Brown
and C. H. Smith, judges.
Sunday Handball Games.
The long-looked for single-handed game
bet-ween the juveniles, J. White and J.
Collins, came off yesterday at Phil Ryan's
handball court, 858 Howard street. The
game was as hotly contested as If there
were hundreds of dollars depending on
the result. White went. in to win or die,
and as a result he played a masterly
game from start to finish. His left hand
hits and placing were fully up to that of
the best players. The score was: White,
______ 21. 21; Collins, 18, 19. 17. The other
games were:
William Hassell and F. Burke defeated
B. Clem, and W. Fisher. Score, 21—19,
21—17, 20—21.
J. Sharp and P. Mahoney defeated H.
Hassell and W. Silvia. Score, 21—10, 11—21
21—19.
R. Dolart and J. Hand defeated J. Ke
nealey and F. Lewis. Score, 21— IS, 9—21,
21—7.
T. HcManus and J. Dooley defeated J.
Bolster and S. Garvey. Score, 21—11, B— 2l,
21—12.
C. Smith and P. Munz defeated C.
Lakin and F. Carney. Score, 21—12, 18—21,
21—7.
J. Condon and E. Antron defeated A.
McVicker and T. Leach. Score, 21—15.
10-21. 21—14.
A.- McVicker an.l E. Antron defeated M.
McLaughlin and W. Collins. Score, 21—16,
13—21, ,21-18.
<;. Maguire and B. Clements defeated
P. Rvan and W. Fisher. Score, 21—19,
11—21, 21—13.
T: Serres and R. Regli defeated A.
Whiteman and C. Johnson. Score, 21—11,
11—21. 21—13. •
"Green" beer is
fermented in a high
temperature, and put
on the market before
fermentation is com-
plete. It may cause
biliousness.
1 r
Wielands
Extra Pale
is fermented for
months — till "ripe"
almost at the freez-
ing point, where all
the air has been fil-
tered.
It never causes bil-
iousness. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bolt.ius Co.
\ 1 407-17 Kduy St.
. -_ , • ;,-*,.,■■■;.
Sporting Stents from All Over the World.
SCHORR AND
HIS HORSES
ABOUT DUE
Middle Western Owner Wilt
Arrive This Week — List
oi W.nning- tables.
Among the Eastern stables expected to
arrive almost any day is that of J. F.
Schorr & Son, headed by the wel": known
performers Meadowthrope and Sea Lion
The latter horse had a severe fall at
Chicago some time ago. fracturing the
jawbone, but this will quickly mend. The
strings trained by J. F. Schorr Jr.. who as
"Johnny" Schorr was quite a prominent
rider some four years back, being able to
hold his own with the best of the Middle
Western jockeys. Tommy Burns, the
noted rider, is under contract with Schorr
& Son, but upon the jockey's arrival here
that firm will relinquish all claim to him,
Burns & Waterhouse having first call dur
ing the season here.
Joseph A. Murphy, the popular St.
Louis racing official, will resume his posi
tion as presiding judge in the stand at
Oakland this afternoon.
Since the inception of the meeting on
September 25, now in progress at Oakland
track, the California Jockey Club has dis
bursed $27,550, apportioned among the dif
ferent winning stables as follows:
Rums & Water- Miss M. O'Connell $525
house $4230 C. Ll:id 525
J. Coffey 1050' F. J O'Rourke.;.; ;oo
J. H. Shields it. a. M. Unnell 500
Caesar Young .... »25 True Briton Stable 800
A. B. Spreckels... "23 Dan Honig 475
Pern - Hildreth .... 875 A. J. Sternler 450
P. Kyun gK Don I imeron .... 450
J. C. Humphrey.... ->'« J. a. Brown & Co. 400
Cambridge Stable.. TOO 1, J. Grant 350
J. L. Crooks (OS J. Hutchison 450
McMahon & Ger- E. G. McConnell &
hardy 600 Co 850
J. S. Ulbaon ."SO J. C. Sweet SOO
Charles Boots 573' E. F. Smith 235
S. F. Capps 675 Dr. H. E. Howell.. 275
Alameda Stable 77.0 J. Martin Jr 273
Cram.r & Owen... 550 H. W. Elliott.... 275
D. P. Fountain.... 50 C. W. Chappell. .. 275
11. J. Jones 55u
Numerous other stables won lesser
amounts, ranging from $250 down to $27.
H. J. Jones, father of Eddie Jones, the
jockey, had remarkable success with his
small stable, sending horses to the post
twenty-one times and never being placed
outside of the money.
Among the riders, Thorpe still has a
winning bad. with Jack Ward his near
est competitor. The standing of the dif
ferent riders to date is as follows;
To-Day's Entries.
First race-Six furlongs: selling; three-year
... Gauntlet 112- ... Btcom. Chance. m
$ Tiburon 109 ].':' Rainier 109
162 The Offering.... 09 1 142 Alturos .. 99
152 lflruha 99 m Kootenai 109
... Bunibel 109 152 San Augustine. .lo9
Second race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; celling.
...San Carlos 112 ... Formeiia ip
... " c ? r . ona 107 i 161 D ry Lark 100
... Sidelong n: 147 Jennie Glbb 109
... Sfcanonette 112 141 Starling 103
Third race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
155 1 Don't Know. .llll ... Spt. McAllister.
109 Tennessee Maid. lo6 130 Rio Ch1c0.... 107
...Silver Maid 112 156 Polish 10«
(lo2)Wyomlng 112
Fourth race— One mile— Three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
145 Glen Anne I'M 160 Reolta 102
166 Rapldo 102 154 Stromo '." 95
151 Lodestar 104 i 1.7? Lothian ' 95
160 Sorrow 1071
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; free handicap.
15.3 Marplot 97! u;6iß'ngmaster .... 95
150 Magnus 85 (]39)Soclallat 110
(160) Imperious 107! 053)N"ovla '...4
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Gauntlet, Tiburon, The Offering.
Second race— Formeiia, Ocorona. Jennie Glbb.
Third Wyoming, Polish. Sport Mc-
Allister.
Fourth race— Reolia, Lodestar, Lothian.
Fifth race— Socialist, Imperious, Marplot.
CLOSING GAMES OF
THE EASTERN LEAGUE
FINAL STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. ___. Pet., Clubs— W. L Pet
Brooklyn ...101 47 .6R2 Pittsburg .. 76 73 510
Boston '■•'• 57 .42". Chicago .... re 73 ' 507
Philadelphia M 58 .ClSiLoulsville .. 7.". 77 '411
Baltimore .. S6 62 ■ ! New York... 60 81 ' ii;
Ft. Louis.... si 67 .3.-.6l Washington 54 100 3.".i
Cincinnati .. S3 07 ..^Cleveland .. 20 134 .130
CHICAGO. Oct. 15 The baseball seas. .11
closed here to-day with a double-header Gar
vin pitched a great game against St. Louis,
and with three fas! double pitys back of him
made it a shutout.
Callahan's support was very ragged in the
last game, the ml splays giving the Colonels
an easy victory and cheating the locals out
of the opportunity to jump Into seventh place
The Louisville gam** was called nt the end of
the eighth Inning or account or darkness
Attendance, 6200. Score, first game:
Clubs— R i H. E ;
Chicago 7 r, 4
Ct. I^ouls 0 4 -
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue; Thomas and
O'Connor.
Score, second game:
Clubs R. h. c
Chicago 5' » -
I. tisvllle -. 9 10 1
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Philippt
and Latimer. Umpire— O'Daj-.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 35.— Reds closed the
season with two easy victories over the Exiles.
Holb, a local amateur, was tried by Quinn
in the second game, and he failed to do good
work. Attendance, 1500. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati ...'.lB 17 2
Cleveland 1 6 1
Batteries— and Woods; McAllister and
Sugden. Umpire— McDonald.
Score, second game:
Clubs— 'R. * H. ' E.
Cincinnati 19 18 3
Cleveland 3 12 c
•Batteries— Hahn and Pelts; Holb and Bug
den, Umpire— McDonald.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
SCULLERS AND BARGEMEN RACE IN EL CAMPO WATERS.
The second annual championship regatta of the Pacific Association of the Amateur Athletic Union was held yesterday at El
Camp. i. Alexander Pape again proved his superiority with the sculls, defeating Dr. Dennis and George Baker in a decisive
manner. The senior barge crew of the Alameda Boat Club won the senior championship for the second year. The day was all
that could be desired for aouatlc sport, but the attendance was not .in keeping with the occasion.
NORA ROMPS
THROUGH THE
CENTENNIAL
T. J. Mclnemey's Greyhounds
Win Both Stakes at Union
Coursing Park.
Three greyhounds from the kennels of
T. J. Mclnerney of Merced carried off all
the honors and $315 ln prize money at
Union Coursing Park yesterday. It was
the one-hundredth day's coursing at the
park and to commemorate the occasion a
special programme had been prepared. A .
stake known as the "Centennial" was the i
choice bit of the offerings and attracted
the highest class dogs on the coast to the I
number of thirty-two. It was won by j
Mclnemey's Nora.
The stake was run under the best possi
ble conditions. The hares were strong,
the field as smooth as velvet, while in the
air there was a trace of autumn crispness
that added zest to the sport. The outcome
was In doubt until the end. One by one
warm favorites dropped out. leaving the
bettors all at sea. Royal Flush was a warm
favorite, but he was drawn after two
courses. He was suffering from a cold
and did not run true to form. Luxor
seemed invincible until he met Lady Em
ma, which led him to the hare and finally
defeated him by a score of 14 points to S.
The chances of Bohe and Whitehead
were ruined in the second round when it
required three trials before either could be
declared the winner. The scores were 3—3,
7—7 and the decisive one B—4 in favor of
Bohe. Whitehead seemed in the better
condition, but the hard work told on him.
He Is a big, loosely put together young
greyhound, while Bohe Is compact, with
muscles like steel. She made but a poor
stand against Theron in the next round,
however, going out by a score of 5 to 3.
Lucky Dog, which is possessed of great
speed, made no showing against Luxor
once the latter passed him. The score
was 13 to 1.
The last course was run at dusk, when
the color of the hare seemed merged with
that of the ground. It was easy to sep
arate the dogs, as Nora Is as black as
night while Thornhill is white with some
slight brindle markings. Nora led from
the slips and had a commanding lead
throughout, although Thornhill was In for
a brief spell. Nora ran up a score of 8
point? to 4 for the Cronin dog.
The reserve stake provided sport in
keeping with that shown by the dogs in
the champion class. The Mclnerney rep
resentatives, Regina R and Johnny it,
worked their way into the final and di
vided first and second money. Lavender
again covered herself with glory and the
"Hoot Mon" admirers were In eestacy
over her performances. She beat McKin
ley 6 5, Sara 6—B, Beacon 14 9, and was
finally defeated by Regina by a score of
15—11, which shows that in the language
of the field she is "sticky."
O X Capitol beat Statesman 3—2. From
the stand It was claimed Statesman
seemed to have the. better of the course.
Judge Grace said he was not on the hare
and was not entitled to the points the am
ateur judges thought should be awarded
him. The results In detail follow:
Centennial stake— George Whitney's Theron
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clair.
s—o: J. H. Perlgo's Controller beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rest Assured, 5—2; J. H. Perlgo's Bohe
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's St. Anthony. 9—4;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Whitehead beat H. A.
Deckelman's Rocker, 4—3; Curtis & Son's Cash
(a bye): P. J. Rellly's Plough Boy beat J.
Dean's Gladiator, 6— 3; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold beat E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron, 6—2;
T. J. Mclnerny's Tommy Rex beat John
Matter's Benicia Boy. 16—6; Handy & Smith's
Ida beat Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend, s—o;
Curtis ft Son's Luxor beat J. Shaw's Luck]
Dog, 13—1; Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose heat
H. F. Andersons Crawford Lad. B— 6; T. J.
Cronin's Thornhill beat Murphy & Toland's
Pleasant Girl, I—2; F. A. MeComb's Royal
Flush beat Curtis & Bon's Narcissus, 15— PI;
Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson beat R. L.
Taylor's Mose, 16—4.
Second round— Theron beat Controller, 7 2:
Bohe beat Whitehead, B—4; Cash beat Plough
Boy, 11—8; Nora beat Rusty Gold, 4—3; Lady
Emma beat Tommy Rex. B—4; Luxor beat Ida,
4—l; Thornhill beat Tea Rose, 6—4; Royal
Flush beat Jennie Wilson. IS—
Third round— Theron beat Bohe. 5—3; Nora
beat Cash. 5 4; Lady Emma heat Luxor, 14— S;
Thornhill (a bye): Royal Flush drawn.
Fourth round— Nora beat Theron, 6—o; Thorn
hill beat Lady Emma. 6—2.
Final— Noia beat Thornhill, B—4.
Reserve stake— P. Thrift's St. Michael beat
Gus Abercomble's Victor King, IS— 2; Sterl &
Knowles - Sleety Mist l.eat T. J. Cronin's De
pend On Me, 17—3; Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa
heat Maher * Field's Pat Reilly, IS— T. J.
Mclnemey's Reglna R heat I. F. Halton's Tic
Tae. 7—o; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Wonder. 9—l; T. J. Mclnemey's
Johnny R beat J. Kennedy's Ever Shore, 12 *;
J. J. Edmonds Morning Glory beat Curtis &_
Son's Commodore. B—2; W. H. Lord's Revolver
heat Ed Wilson's Magnet. 9—6: J. M. Halton's
(names "Hoot Mon'' Lavender beat Curtis
* Son's McKinley, . -■-.-,; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sara beat Gus Abercromble's Irma, 14—10;
Curtis & Son's Beacon beat J. H. Perlgo's
Lady Davenport, 7—6; J. Hurley's I) X Capitol
beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman, 3— 2; F. A. Me
.'..nib's Motto beat J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste.
s—o; Al Austin's Firm Toe beat Murphy '&
Toland's Ornament, 4—o.
Second round— St. Michael beat Sleety Mist,
11—8; Retina R beat Amarosa, s—o;5 — 0; Johnny R
beat O'Hara, 8—0; Morning Glory beat Re
volver. 10—3; Lavender beat Sara. 6— 3; Beacon
beat O X Capitol, 4—l; Motto beat Firm Toe,
&—
Third round— Regina R beat St. Michael, 5—3;
Johnny R beat Morning Glory. B—2; Lavender
beat Beacon, 14—9: Motto (a bye).
Fourth round— Regir.a R beat Lavender,
15—11; Johnny R beat Motto. B—s. T. .1. Me-
A Day's Sensational Coursing
The two stakes at Union Park yesterday
at its "centennial" or one-hundredth
meeting attracted an immense attendance.
The sport throughout the day was excit
inlg, the result in every course being,
seemingly. in doubt. T. J. Mclnerney won
both stakes, while a third of his repre
sentatives finished second.
Inerney's Regina and Johnny R divided
first and second money.
Coursing at Inglesidt
Mamie Pleasant won the open stake at
Ingleside yesterday and her full sister,
I St. Helen, was runner-up. Both bitches
i are owned by Connell Bros., and they
were certainly entitled to the stake for
j the fine condition in which they sent
: their entries to the slips. The coursing
throughout the day was good and the
betting lively. The hottest thing handed
1 to the "pikers" all day was at the closing
j part of the programme, when St. Oran
met Jessamy in a bye and won on the
; short end at odds of live to one. Jessamy
delayed the sport as usual after the course
! by refusing to be caught by her owner.
If she cannot be broken of her fits of the
i sulks her entry should be refused by the
j field stewards, as her performance of yes
; terday was certainly an imposition on the
spectators. The results of the day were
'as follows: "••■■: .-' ■■■7. *■ * : ••: ■-■ :,. ..V-
Open stake, first round— R. P. Julian's Sweet
Music beat T. J. Mcllugh's Maid of the Mill;
T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose beat M. Kerrigan's
Lady Blanche; J. Coleman's Norman beat
Corkery & Horr's Douglas; T. Faning's Babe
Murphy beat A. Van den Burgh's American
Eagle; Russell, Mien & Wilson's Chicago Boy
beat James Norton's La Goleta; Larkey &
Rock's Liberty Bell bent Lowe v Thompson's
Prince Hal: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat D.
Douce's Sarcastic; Connell Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant heat H. A. Deckelman's Mira Monte;
P. M. Clarkson's Black Hawk beat Connell
Bros.' Senorita; M. Michallk's Glenroy heat
Handy & Smith's Terrona; Lowe & Tompson's
Flora McDonald beat Hardy &. Smith's Magic;
17. Baumeister's Warrior beat T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle; J. Seggerson's Candelarla beat A. Van
den Burgh's Kitty V: J. O' Shea's Young
America heat E. M. Kellogg's Hummer; Con
nell Bros.' St. Helen beat M. Michallk's Kerry
Oow; E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore beat T.
Sullivan's Maid Of the Hill: T. J. Cronin's
Maid of Bail beat J. Keenan's Royal Buck;
T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee heat E. M. Kel
logg's lowa Girl; D. Chella's Golden Russet
heat W. C. Glasson's Terronlte; Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran ran a Lye on account of
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen being with
drawn.
Second round— Sweet Music beat Moss Rose;
1 Babe Murphy beat Norman; Liberty Bell beat
Chicago Boy; Mamie Pleasant beat Gold Hill;
Qlenroy beat i..aok Hawk; Flora McDonald
heat Warrior; Young America beat Candelarla:
St. Helen beat Lady Gilmore; Golden Russet
beat Maid of Ball: St. Oran beat Wild Tralee.
Third round— Babe Murphy beat Sweet Music;
Mamie Pleasant beat Liberty Bell; Flora Mc-
Donald beat Glenroy; St. Helen beat Young
America; St. Oran beat Golden Russet.
Fourth round— Mamie Pleasant beat Bab?
Murphy; St. Helen ran a bye; St. Oran ran
a bye.
Fifth round— Pleasant beat St. Oran.
Final— Mamie Pleasant beat St. Helen.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
STOCKTON, Oct. 15.— A big crowd, live
ly hares and good hounds gave rare sport
this afternoon at Interior Coursing Club's
Park. Prizes ranged from $35 down. ' St.
Elmo took first honors, with Pat Molloy
runner up.
Run down, twenty-four-dog stake— Sweet
Briar beat Rings Around; Happy Bute beat
Bounding Belle; Duty beat Jean Valjine; St.
Elmo beat Quiver; Dick L beat Lilly: Jack of
Spades beat Honey Moon; Sunollte heat Mo
loch; Pat Molloy beat Wanderer; White Dia
-1 mond beat Queen; Pocahontas beat Arno;
' Rough Rider beat Robin Adair.
First ties— Sweet Briar beat Happy Bute; St.
Elmo beat Duty; Dick L beat Jack of Spades;
Sunollte beat Shamrock; Pat Molloy beat
White Diamond; Rough Rider beat Poca
hontas.
Second ties— St. Elmo beat Sweet Briar; Dick
L beat Sunollte; Pat Molloy beat Rough
Ride-.
Third ties— St. Elmo beat Dick L; Arno beat
Pat Molloy.
Final— St. Elmo beat Pat Molloy.
Puppy stake— Gentleman George beat Black
Rival; "'.rant R beat Roberts;. McGregor beat
Weary Wiggins; Lily beat ' Pansy Pasha;
Anna Held beat Lady Gray; Lucy G beat
Marie; MlcklC Dugan beat Miss Pollard; Cora
Z beat White Lily; Yellow Tip beat Hard
Game.
First ties— Gentleman George beat Grant R;
Anna Held beat McGregor; Lily beat Lucy G;
Cora Z beat Mickie Dugan; Marie beat Yellow
Tip.
Second ties— beat Gentleman George;
Anna Held beat Yellow Tip; Cora 7. (a bye).
Third ties— Lily beat Cora Z; Anna Held (a
bye).
Final— Held beat Lily.
Columbia Pistol Club Scores.
There was a good attendance at the
Harbor View ranges yesterday to witness
l h , e fl *oot of the .Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club. Following are the scores:
Glindemann rifle medal— F.O. Yountr « t.
58, 54, .68. 61: G. Mannell, 65, 76 77 ' '"'
T> Blebs i pistol medal— C. M. I>ai=s '43, tr. 51 ■
P. Becker. 48. 54. 64, 71; J. P.'^osgroveJ 62.'
chf Dalss ol^ 25- phy - - °' Youn^ 53 - 73;
Caliber rifle medal— A. B. Darrell 20 on 91
22, 22. 23. 23. 25; E. Hovev, 21 M* ♦?•' 5 1
M. Barley. 22. 25, 26. 28. » 31- it J v
Twist. 25. 27, 30, 30; G. Mannell, 27 189 £' £',
Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 46, 47. ' ' ~ J ' " 9 '
Record scores. 50 yards, revolver— V r>
Young, 54. 64. 66. 70. 75; M. J. White 60
Pistol— P. Becker, 60, 62. 66, 70; G Ho a Y
62, 64. 65, 70; Mrs. G. Mannell, 89- Mrs ; Mft
White. 68; F. liassmann. 68. M ' J '
Rifle, 200 yards— F. S. Washburn, so. 84, SS,
Choynski to Meet Moore.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 15.-It is announced
that Joe Choynskl and Dick Moore have
been matched to meet before the St
Louis Athletic Club October 23. The match
will be a twenty-round go.
DUDES AND
LOBSTERS IN
TORRID BALL
Ten Innings Are Necessary to
Settle the Gam? at Ree-
reation Park.
Oakland 4, Santa Cruz 3.
Ten innings were necessary to decide
the game yesterday afternoon between the
Dudes and Lobsters, and for the second
time in a single day the Dudes consumed
the crustaceans in every variety of
preparation. The game developed a new
twirler. Babbitt, perhaps the best Santa
Cruz has within Its ranks. In the third
inning he replaced Whelan and not 8
hit was made off his delivery. This con
joined with the fact that he pitched six
Innings of the morning game in Oakland is
a remarkable record.
At the outset of the game it looked like
a genuine walk over the entire earth for
the fancy dressers from across the bay.
Hutchinson jogged to the first bag and
was presented with second on a wild
throw. A soft gentle bunt by Hammond
gave Hutchinson another base and him
self a safe resting at first. Then Mr.
Donovan placed the ball ln Devereaux's
hands and the latter threw home to end
the existence of Hutchinson, but the ball
struck Hutch In the back and he was
safe on the rubber. All this time Ham
mond kept a-moving round the bags and
scored, tollowed across the plate soon
after by Donovan, who made the best or
Dunleavy's single. These three runs were
all Oakland had marked against its name
on the score board until the tenth inning.
In the fourth inning Moskiman was pre
sented with a large and bushy bunch of
vehow chrysanthemums and the boys in
the bleachers began singing "Because She
Loves Him." This was tor Moskiman s
home run in the morning. After the pre
sentation, the Oakland fielder was not
himself, all his hits being sent toward
heaven, where his head rested for the
nonce. 'The bunch acted as a Lobster
mascot for Drennan when he stepped to
the bat in the fourth and drove the ball
to Schmeer, who threw over first and
into the crowd. The crowd clung to the
ball and Drennan rounded the bases. The
fifth inning brought two runs to Santa
Cruz. Dalrvmple went to first on a throw
of Lange's" over Hutch's reach and a
two base hit by Morrow sent him to
third. Andrews bunted and both Dal
rvmple and Morrow scored.
With three runs apiece the game ad
vanced to the usual limit without a scor
ing by either side. Then came a wicked
error that gave Oakland the game.
Hutchinson went to first on a walk, was
forced to second on Hammond's sacrifice
and scored on a juggle of McCarthy,
who did not field a hot one that Hardie
sent into his hands. The game ended here
with the winners at the bat. but one man
having perished. The score is:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 2b &s. s.'a 0 10 2 5 1
Babbitt, s. S. & p.... 5 0 112 3 1
Devereaux. 3b 3 0 10 0 2 1
Drennan, of 4 1 1 13 0 0
Clark, rf & 2b 4 0 10 2 4 0
Streib. lb 4 no 1 14 0 1
Dalrymple, If 4 110 2 0 0
Morrow, c 4 12 0 10 1
Wbelan p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Andrews, rf 2 0 0 0 2 11
Totals 3? 3 7 3 *2S 15 6
•Winning run made with one man out.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 3 2 0 1 12 0 0
Hammond, c 4 11 0 5 2 0
Hardie. rf 4 0 0 0 2. 0 0
Donovan, cf 2 10 12 0"" 1
Dunleavy. 2b 4 0 10 4 4 1
Lange. 3b 4 0 0 0 12 1
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 0 13 5 1
Moskiman, If 4 0 10 10 0
Harper, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 33 4 3 3 30 15 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz J 000120000 o—3
Base hits 011012010 I—7
Oakland 3 0 ft ft ft 0 0 0 ft I—4
Base hits 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Morrow, Clark. Sacrifice
hits— Donovan, Hammond, Andrews. First
base on errors— Santa Cruz 3, Oakland 4. First
base on called balls— Santa Cruz 1, Oakland 3.
Left on bases— Santa Cruz i, Oakland 7.
Struck out— By Harper 5. Hit by pitcher-
Donovan. Double play— Lange to Dunleavy to
Hutchinson. Wild pitches— Whelan 1. Bab
bitt 1. Time of game— One hour and fifty-five
minutes. Umpire— Graves. Official Scorer—
J. W. Stapleton. .
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 9, Santa Cruz 4.
Oakland won the morning game by hit
ting both Andrews and Borchers for
every kind of bagger known to the game.
In the second inning, with Andrews in the
box for the Lobsters, Moskiman and
Hardie batted the ball over the fence for
home runs and four tallies resulted. Santa
Cruz did something in the hitting line also,
nine hits being their portion. Oakland
registered thirteen of them and that
is what won the game.
Each team scored . a run in the
first inning. Babbitt made first on
a hit to Hutchinson, scoring on
Drennan's double. For Oakland, Ham
mond hit safely to short, stole
second and went to third on an error of
McCarthy, scoring on Dunleavy's hit.
The second inning brought Oakland four
runs, two being homers. Two runs were
added in the third and two in the eighth.
Santa Cruz' inning was the sixth. Dren
nan reached first on a low throw by
Schmeer; Clark hit to Hutchinson and
Drennan was caught at second. Streib
hit safely, but a hot one by Dalrymple
was stopped by Lange and Clark was out.
Then came Morrow, who swatted the ball
for a two bagger, scoring Streib and
Dalrymple. The score is:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 6 110 8 10
Hammond, c 5 2 4 16 0 0
Haidie. rf i 110 2 10
Donovan, cf 3011300
Dunleavy. 2b 5 0 1113 0
Lange, 3b 4 110 2 2 0
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 0 13 0 1
Moskiman. If 2 2 10 2 0 1
Borders, p 4 2 3 0 0 0 0
Totals 36 1 13 1 __ 1 1
„_ ' SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McCarthy, 2b &s.s. 5 0 0 0 3 2 1
Babbitt, s. s. & p.. 4 11 0 0 4 0
Dcvereoux. 3b 4 0 0 0 3:-]
Drennan. cf 4 0 1 0 4 •0 ' 0
Clark, rf &2b 4 0 0 0 13 0
Streib, lb 4 2 3 3 10 0 0
Dalrymple. if 4 12 10 0]
Morrow. c 4 0 2 0 4 1 0
Andrews, p. & rf.. 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 37 4 9 4 24 12 I',
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 1 4200002*-!- _.
Rape hits 2 4 2 10 10 3 •— l3
Santa Cruz 1 00102000—4
Base hits 2 10 3 0 2 0 1 o—o
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible, for- Botchers 2: Andrews
4; Babbitt. 3. Home runs-M,.skiman Hardie'
Two-base hits-Drennan. Borchers ' Morrow
Sacrifice hit- Schmeer. First base on errors-
Oakland. 2: Santa Cruz. 2. First hasp on called
balls— Oakland, 4. Left on bases— Oakland 0-
Santa Cruz. 6. Struck out— By Borchers 3-' by
Andrews. 1; by Babbitt, 2. Time of frame—
1:65. Umpire— Oraves. Official scorer- Mc
Farlln. * X
Sacramento Team Wins.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 15.-Sacramento
by superior hitting, won a fast game from
San Francisco to-day. The visitors were
unable to hit Doyle, and up to the ninth
Inning they had touched him for only one
hit. In the ninth they drew two more
which, with an error by Sheehan, net
ted them two of the three runs. lburg
was an easy mark, being touched for
twelve hits, two of which were home
runs. Score: 3 -._■; 7
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McLaughlin, If 5 1 3 0 3 0 6
Harvey, rf 4 13 0 3 0 0
O'Connor, lb 5 2 3 0 13 0 0
Eagan. s. s 4 12 0 0 4 0
Stanley, c. :........ -4 0 0 0 - 5 -0 - 0
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 13 0
Shanahan. cf *. 4 1 1 1 l 0 0
X Cast
Sheehan. 3b 3 ft 0 0 0 2 2
Stultz, 2b 4 0 0 0 13 0
Totals 37 6 12 1 27 11 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
t, ,*. __, __. AB - R - BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3b 3 1 1 n 2 4 0
Hlldebrand, rf 4 2 10 3 2 ft
■ £',?*• "' s 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 0 1 ft
Courtney lb '4 0 0 0 11 0 ft
Reilly, 2b 4 ft 0 ft 2 3 1
Pyne, cf ,10 0 0 2 0 1
Muller, If 3 0 0 0 4 2 0
Ibur B. p 3 ft 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 3 3 9 27 15 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 0200000 I— fi
Base hits 3 0 3 ft 0 10 2 3—12
San Francisco 1 0000000 2—
Base hits 1 0000000 2—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible f..r— lburg 6. Home runs—
Eagan. O'Connor. Three-base hit— Hlldebrand.
Two-base hits— McLaughlin, Hlldebrand. Sac
rifice hit— Harvey. First base on errors—Sacra
mento 2, San Francisco 1. First base on called
balls— Sacramento 1. San Francisco 2. Left on
bases— Sacramento 6, San Francisco 3. struck
out— By Doyle 5. Double plays— Sheehan to
Stultz to O'Connor; Muller to Reilly to Court
ney. Time of game -1:28. Umpire— O'Connell.
Official scorer— Griffin.
MARKSMEN AT THE BUTTS.
Members of Clubs Bo Good Work on
Schuetzen Park (San Rafael)
Range.
Despite the number of crack marksmen
attending the big shooting carnival of the
Helvetia Rifle Club at Sacramento, the
shooting stands at Schuetzen Park, near
San Rafael, were crowded with a large
number of riflemen yesterday. During the
day some good scores were made. Three
clubs were at the butts— the California
Schuetzen Club, the San Francisco Grutli
and the San Francisco Turner Schuetzen.
Next Sunday the season will close at the
park with a picnic given by the California
Schuetzen Club, at which shooting, bowl
ing and dancing will be the main features.
The following were the complete scores of
yesterday's contests:
California Schuetzen Club, bullseye contest—
F. K. Mason, 139; Charles Enge, 207: A.
Bertelsen, 305; John Utschig, 344; L. Rahwyler,
828; J. C. Waller, 888; H. Schroder, 886; J.
F. Robinson, 828; K. Finking, 527; A. Schrumpf.
672; C. H. Henderson, 1055; C. J. Walden, 1127;
J. Strout, 1130; A. Gehret, 1137,; J. L. Utschig,
1183; J. Jones. 1149; A. Hampel, 1407; George
Attinger, 1325; Charles Sagehorn, 1541; A.
Utschig, 1358; T. J. Carroll, 1617; Fred Schu
mann. 2000; 1., c. Babln, 2930.
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section, bulls
eye contest— First, A. Studer; second, A. yon
Wyll; third, A. Gehret; fourth, __.. Houser;
fifth, J. Ap.penzeller; sixth, F. Baumgartner;
seventh, R. Houser.
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section, medal
contest— Champion class, A. Gehret, 424: first
class, R. Houser, 399; second class, L. Houser,
406. Third class did not shoot.
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen, bullseye
contest for ember— L. Brune, 404; A.
Utschig, 660; J. Utschig, 732: Charles Nell, 722;
R. Langer, 716; Captain Attinger, 1085; L.
Kommer. 1396: J. Strout, 1425; Henry Enge,
1368; Charies Sagehorn. 1599; R. Finking, 2061
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen, bullseye
contest for October— Straub, 561; H. Knge,
690 :' Charles Nielsen, 838; J. Utschig, 572; R.
Langer. 892; R. Finking. 1095; L. Brune, 1657;
A. Utschig, 1784: Charles Sagehorn, 1562; Cap
tain Attinger, 2391.
HAYWARDS NINE WINS.
Defeats the Acme Athletic Club in a
Close Game.
HAYWARDS, Oct. 15.— P. & H.
baseball club of Hay wards defeated the
Acme Athletic Club nine at the local ath
letic club grounds to-day by a score of 10
to 8. The feature of the game was the
work of Bogard, Rayer and Zambresky
of the local nine and of Denny of the
Acmes. The Haywards club is open to
challenges from any amateur nine in the
State.
The Gas Escaped.
Peter Gokolowskl, an apprentice, and
William Hamilton, a marine, on the
cruiser Marblehead, had a narrow escape
from being victims of carbon monoxide.
They engaged a room at 111 Geary street
Saturday night and yesterday morning
were found unconscious in bed. There
was a defect in the stopcock and the gas
escaped. They were taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital and soon recovered.
g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j Write Us
Or Call on Our Local Agent !
For a copy of the report made by
the fuel committee of the Produc-
ers' and Manufacturers' Associa-
tion, on our
I Contra Costa Property.
I We are down 900 feet, and will
B 8 " strike oil within 300 feet further
drilling. "Illustrated Prospectus" ;
on application. _
American Oil and
Refinery Company
ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDING. I
5 SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. |
Oakland Agents — O'ROUKE & \
JACKSON. 1002 Broadway. **
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED j
DR. METERS A CO. have tne largest prac- |
tice and best equipped medical institution I
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 year*. H
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office ■
or by mail. All letters confidential. ft
731 Market St., 9an Francisco. I
i visit DR, JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 (# 1051 MASSES ST. W.. 6ii7i, S.F.CcI. A
\ , Cj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W C??siSk orl< *- Weaknesses or my cnmracied A
Jl wfesH disease prsiilirrlycnredi.y the oldest »
9 Jbml "»peciili»tcu thcCout. Est.36yeaiv 0
& fl3Ei ° 8 - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
A fffiSg T Consultation frre and strictly private. \
W 0 A?N^J»J " ,tlnem personally or by letter. A^
A 8 If »PI Pot. '" ° Cure in ever >' case undertaken. W
iff la Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY cf A
I II I m M»Bnl*GE, MAILED FREE, (AT
A v> li' valuable book for men) \
9OR JORDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. V
ggßßa** RUPTURE.
W^\L/-?Z^m VSE xo MORE IROX
7 |HHjg|Jjr^r Hoops or Steel Springs
ff- J *s«*y££-,r- >< Rupture retained with ea«-^
|»/jKS:i"'l comfort ancl thousands radl-
■ 'My '*•"">' CURED by DR. PIERCES
Vl/>fflF Magnetic Elastic Truss. JCTCaH at
\2_i_fif office or write for New Pamphlet
No- I- 7." ', . 7 :
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St.. odd. Palace Hotel. San Franel«««.YOUNG WIFE OF
YOLO MERCHANT
ENDS HER LIFE
Mrs. A. Levy Com
mits Suicide.
Oakland Ofilce San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 15
Mrs. A. Levy, the young wife of a
prominent merchant of Yolo, committed
euiclce at Uivermore shortly after 5
o'clock this afternoon by hanging.
Her lifeless body was found suspended
from a water pipe In the lavatory by a
strip torn from her dress. The suicide
was committed in one of the Anspacher
cottages at tho Livermore Sanitarium.
Mrs. Levy had been under treatment for
nervous prostration and mental trouble
tor about three months. Dr. Robertson
ftates that she was doing nicely and was
?. l^\! a 'l /.° ad to permanent' recovery.
and he is at a complete loss to account
ShVKS > reason „ that prompted the act
She had been allowed the freedom of the
JJ ttage and a nurse was no
ling her.
XV> — ' W(, nt to the place this
md the lavatory locked
¥itttf£??SS* alarmed promptly advised
£j of ft nt Physician Harpscer. who. hav
ing a pass key. opened the door and dis
covered the patient dead.
The suicide was very determined. It was
necessary for Mrs. Levy to bend her
kecs beneath her body in order to accom
plish her desperate purpose
o£^ eased was a native of California,
aeed -4 years. She was married only
about two years ago and leaves a hus
band and little child. Coroner Mehrmann
was notified of the case to-night and has
ordered an inquest to be held some time
to-morrow.
FACTORY LEFT TO BURN
FOR LACK OF WATER
Fire Department Stands Idly by '
While Flames Consume a West
Berkeley Building.
BERKELEY, Oct. 15.— Twice during the
past week have the residents of the uni
versity town had object lessons on the
need of an adequate municipal water sup
ply- Three thousand dollars' worth of
property has 5 me up in smoke, and not a
hand raised to save '. That the amount
Of damage done was as small as lt is is
only due to accident. Two buildings have :
been burned to the ground, one on Thurs- i
day evening, the other last night, and on
both occasions the firemen have stood by ;
powerless to do anything for lack of
Last night's blaze was In the box fac
tory on the corner of Bancroft wav and
San Pablo avenue. West Berkeley. Th*
tire broke out late in the evening. The
alarm was turned in as soon as the
flames wore discovered, and the West
Berkeley volunteer company turned out in
good time. The firemen found, however,
that no water could be obtained from any
reasonable distance, and they were com
pelled to take their engine "to the fire
house, while the factory gradually burned
to the ground.
The building was owned by P. S. King
of West Berkeley and was used by him as
a box factory. The total damge is esti
mated at $500.
Reihl Dies From His Wound.
OAKLAND. Oct. Professor Emii
Reihl, the musical instructor, who on
September 11 fired a bullet through his
head at his mother's ranch near Alma,
Santa Cruz Mountains, died to-night at
the Receiving Hospital In this city. De
ceased was a native of Germany, aged 40
years, an: leaves a widow residing at lio
Hanna street, this city.
INVESTIGATING LAUNDRIES.
Labor Commissioner Meyers Enters
Upon His Official Duties.
The first work the new Labor Commis
sioner, F. V Meyers, and Chief Deputy
Kelsey have undertaken is the investiga
tion of tho white laundries of this city.
Soon after they took ofiice complaints
were made that the employes of these
places were being worked unusually long
hours and at mall wages. The inquiry
has been carried on among the large laun
dries only, and the conditions under which
the employes labored were not all that
the officials could desire. They discovered
that in the mangle and ironing rooms
tho operatives are compelled to work
from 7 o'clock In the morning to 8 and 10
o'clock at night. The work is particu
larly hard and wages are not sufficient.
In some of the places the employers pay
from $10 to $12 per week .. and furnish
board. Where board Is not provided the
pay is about $20 per week. These figures
apply to the mangle room, where the
rough Ironing is done by means of ma
chinery, whicn dries and smooths out such
articles as tablecloths and sheets.
Thos>; who do the better class of Iron
ing receive from $-1 lo %_ a month more. In
the four or five laundries visited the op
eratives number about 100, and the ma
jority are girls and young women. The
Commissioner speaks very complimentary
of the nice, intelligent appearance of the
girls employed. Another cause for com
plaint is that the pay days are too far
apart. At some of the laundries payment
is ide monthly. and at a few the em
ployes receive their money every two
weeks. Considering the small amounts
received they state that it is necessary
that they should he paid oftener in order
to meet expenses. Commissioner Meyers
states that .•ring his investigation
he has not found any direct vio
lations of the law, but the condition of
the operatives could be greatly Improved;
He proposes to discuss the situation with
the employers and see if the hours can
be reduced a little and the work made
tasier.
RELIEF CORPS.
Reception Tendered to a Delegate Re-
turned From the National Con
vention at Philadelphia.
At its list meeting James A. Garfield
Corps, Woman's Relief Corps No. 21, ten
dered a reception tO Mrs. S. Wilson of
Oakland, who a few days before returned
from the thirty-third annual convention of
the "Women's National Relief Corps, held
in Philadelphia; After a brief business
meeting there was an adjournment to the
banquet hall of the Alcazar building,
where two hours were spent iii an enjoy
able manner. To iay their respects to the
guest of the evening were Mrs. Dora Wil
kins. president of the corps; Caroline Dib
ble. M. Souders, Nellie Hendricks, Miss
Wilson, Mrs. Van Horn, Mrs. E. C Dunn
Mrs. M. A. O'Brien, Mrs. Sweet, Ida
Brown, Jennie Goodwin and Mrs Hattie
M. Baldwin of Meade Corps; also Messrs. '
Crall. Hayes. Markr. and Kilgore of Gar
field Post; Grand Army of the Republic.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3, Women's Re
lief Corps, will hold its campllre and en
tertainment in B'nni B'rith Hall on the
night of the 2. r ,th inst. in behalf of its fund
for^the relief of soldiers who are In dis
tress.
Pacific Council. - ♦-
Pacific Council No. 8 of the Order of
Chosen Friends ha arranged for an en
tertainment and social to he given to Its
friends in Myrtle Hall cf the Alcazar
building on the evening of Friday next.
Parlor Reorganized,
Grand Organizer John A. nbach, as
sisted by Grand Secretary James ./. Jami
son, Grand Outside Sentinel J. 11. Mar
cuso. District Deputy Joseph A. Bil
haitz and a number of the members of
Marysville Parlor No. fi, Native Sons of
the Golden West, In Wheatland a few
evenings since reorganized Rainbow Par
lor No. 40, with iifty-two charter members.
The following named were installed as of
ficers for the current term: J. A. Stew
art, pa ' president; W. 11. Nlemejter, pres
ident; B: F. well, first vice president;
T. K. Farm- worth, second vice president;
F. nickers, third vice president: E. T.
Mnn well, cording secretary; F. T. Grant,
linanclal secretary; W. Hanson, treas
urer: c. F. Grant, surgeon. Trustees— J.
A. Hicks, .1. A. Muck and F. W. Anderson, j
Woman's Liberal League Meets.
The council of the American Women's
Liberal League held a meeting Saturday
alternoon at 515 Van Ness avenue, Susan
M. Theale presiding. The object of the
meeting wns to oail the attention of the
Government to the fact that many for
eigners are employed in Federal offices.
Resolutions asking the Government not to
appoint to any Federal positions any per
son who has not resided In the United
States for nt least ten years, were
adopted.
League of the Cross.
Company I, League of the Cross Cadets
of St. Peter's Parish, will give an enter
tainment on the evening of October 80 at
St. Peter's Hall, Florida street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth streets.
Captain Denis Geary, I*. S. V.. will lec
ture on the campaign in the Philippines.
A musical and literary programme will
also be given.
Company C of the League of the Cross
Cadets of St. Joseph's, St. Patrick's and
St. Roses's parishes will entertain their
friends at Metropolitan Temple on Friday
evening, November 8. Captain Denis
Geary will lecture on "A Soldier's Life in
the Philippines."
NEW DEFINITION OF
RELIGION PROPOUNDED
REV. B. FAY MILLS AT FIRST
UNITARIAN CHURCH.
Declares It Is "That Fine Sense of
the Soul That Connects the In
dividual With Universal
Purpose."
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, who Is visit
ing this city, occupied the pulpit in the
First Unitarian Church yesterday morn
ing. Mr. Mills created quite a stir here
some seven years ago with his revival
meetings at the Mechanics' Pavilion. He
has since become a convert to Unitarian
ism and during the past two years has
been preaching to a large congregation in
the Hollis-street Theater in Boston. He
will remain in this city for two weeks and
next Sunday will be heard at the First
Unitarian Church in Oakland.
When asked whether he would accept
the call to the latter church Mr. Mills re
plied that it had not as yet been extended
to him. A friend of his In Boston, he said,
had had some correspondence on the sub
ject, but Mr. Mills had not considered it.
His subject yesterday was "A New Defi
nition of Religion," which he said an In
spired friend had recently given to him.
"Religion," said he, "is that fine sense
of the soul that connects the Individual
with universal purpose. That word 'pur
pose* is the greatest word in the land. No
thing is so despised as a seemingly pur
poseless life, and on the other hand life
is ennobled when it has some great pur
pose iii view. The foundation of every re
ligion without exception is based on some
great purpose. Even the Socialist and the
Anarchist is not so far away from re
ligion in his utterances when we consider
the redhot purpose of these social re
formers to put into practice what they re
gard best for the world's welfare and
what to them seems right.
"Every religion has experienced the
baptism of purpose and the more that
purpose is realized the truer will that re
ligion be. The great universal purpose of
the uplifting of humanity is a religion In
itself. We all have some connection with
the great eternal purpose of living a right
eous life and doing what is right as far as
we are able. It Is the universal purpose
to get a grip on the individual and en
noble his soul with a love for the Creator.
"It is not the name of religion that
counts, but the reality. The questions that
are fraught with wondrous importance
are: 'Is this a universe? ls there a pur
pose in it? Is that purpose universal?' We
should enroll ourselves in the one great
eternal harmony of dutiful purpose. There
is no limit to the possibilities if the defini
tion of religion be true and the religion be
practicable.
"I expect a new expression of religion
to-day aside from any article of faith
which may be prescribed by denomina
tions. We will make the choice of choices
if we believe in righteousness, in universal
purpose and the manifestation of God in
and through the goodness of the individ
ual life, and thereby we will attain the
perfection of religion."
STEVENSON BRINGS SUIT.
Wants an Accounting From the Bad- j
ger Mining Company Directors.
Stockholders and directors of the !
Badger Gold Mining and Milling Com
pany have decided to go to court and set
tle various and vast differences now ex
isting between them. Late Saturday
afternoon Attorney Louis P. Boardman,
on behalf of A. V. Stevenson, a stock
, bolder. filed suit against the corporation,
i A. B. Bennison, H. W. Mathews und J. J.
■ Mevers, constituting a majority of the
board of directors, and S. K. Bradford, G.
W. Dewitt, H. L. McClane and John
i Hughes, for an accounting of all moneys
paid out in salaries and other expenses
' of the mine. Including development and
: purchase of materials, and for all moneys
' that have been received by the corporation
from the proceeds of the various mines
operated under its direction.
It is alleged thai the defendants named,
constituting a majority of the board of
directors, have voted to pay excessive sal
aries to Dewitt and McClane, superin
tendents of the properties, and that they
have conspired together to create ficti
cious indebtedness and liability that the
profits of the corporation might be di
verted. Some thirty allegations of mis
conduct on the part of the defendants
are made by the plaintiff, .and when is
sues are joined a bitter legal battle is an
ticipated. Upon the filing of the com
plaint Mr. Boardman, on behalf of his
client, filed a bond in $10,000 for the ap
pointment of a receiver to take charge of
the properties, but a short time later the
defendants deposited a bond of $20,000 and
a receiver was not appointed.
DANISH LADIES' SOCIAL.
A Large Audience Enjoys an Enter
tainment at Saratoga Hall.
A large audience, consisting of the
friends and members of the Danish La
dies' Relief Society, were enjoy. ibly en
tertained at Saratoga Hall Saturday even
ing.
The programme consisted mainly of the
one-act farce, "Tre For En." Previous
to the presentation of the farce a piano
solo was performed In a masterly man
ner by Thomas Manning, and Miss C.
Decker rendered a vocal selection.
The cast of the fare.- was capably filled
by the following: Madam Brandt, P.
Paulsen. Kristian Vitta. Nygaard. Ka
roline, F. W. This ted, Gabriel Kristen
sen. H. H. Nvgaard Torn. H. C. M. Beck,
(Caspar Mailing. H. Otto I'rahl, Madam
Mortensen and J. C. Hansen.
The committees in charge of the affair
were composed as follows:
' Committee of arrangements— Mesdames
Thomas Mlkkelsen, J. L. Baar, P. Paul
sen C M. Sorensen, James Madison, P.
Danielsen, A. Sonderup. Messrs. J. Topp,
S. Federspiel and H. Ravi-.
Reception committee — Mesdames 11.
Birkholm, C. Johnson, W. Nielsen, E.
Blohme, Messrs. C. J. I.arsen and J. Pe
tersen. '■•■ ' . „
Floor manager— James A. Sorensen.
Floor committee— Messrs. J. Topp. John
Thompson, J. M. Christiansen, H. Frost,
S. Pederspiel and Henry Jacobsen.
SUCCESSFUL OUTING.
1 Swedish-American Club ' at Shell
Mound Park.
The members of the Swedish-American
I Political Club and their friends gathered
at Shell Mound Park yesterday, the oc
casion being the ninth annual day arid
moonlight picnic of the organisation.
; Nearly a thousand pleasure seekers went
over during the day to enjoy themselves
and they were not disappointed. The var
ious amusements on the grounds were
* well patronized and dancing to the music
.if an excellent band engaged the atten
tion of nearly all the guests, The club
I has 3TiO members on Its roll and has been
: organized nine years. It Is independent
, in its party affiliations, its object being
I to indorse the best available candidates.
It is a power in the Swedish colony and
1 its treasury Is 'in a healthy condition.
i The following committee hud the picnic
!in charge: - D. Malander, president; J. P.
j S. Johnson, first vice president; c. Dalln,
! second vice president; Alex Olson, secre-
I tarv; G. Peterson, treasurer; August
Sjogren, August Peterson, Andrew Olson,
C. 9. Johnson; floor manager, F. O. Sjog
ren: floor committee— August Peterson,
i G. M. Turner, Ed. Nelson, T. Mellin, H.
I P. Fosberg.
State Red Cross Meeting.
The State Red Cross Society will hold
Its annual meeting at the Philomath Club
rooms, corner of Bush street and Van
Ness avenue, next Tuesday morning.
Delegates from all parts of the State will
report for their respective socltlea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
LEAPED EIGHTY
FEET AND MET
VIOLENT DEATH
Louis P. Crogan De
stroys Himself.
OAKLAND, Oct. IB.— Melancholia, su
perinduced by homesickness, is the sup
posed cause that impelled Louis P. Cro
gan, aged 17 years, to Jump, this evening,
from a roof story or fifth floor window, on
the south side of St. Mary's College to
j the campus, nearly eighty feet below,
j where his limp and almost lifeless body
I was picked up by several of the brothers
; and carried into one of the classrooms.
i Dr. I. E. Nicholson was Immediately sum-
I moned, but his services were not re
! quired. The young man's neck w-s
' broken, his backbone and many other
bones were shattered and he breathed out
a few moments.
The deceased came here on the Bth inst.
from his home ln Corbell, Humboldt
County, where his father ls a lumberman.
He registered at St. Mary's College, but
I did not announce what course of study he
! Intended to pursue, and his peculiarities
I were noted at the time by the various
brothers at the college. He would go
j about murmuring to himself Incoherently,
and Brother Walter was impressed with
the idea that Crogan was somewhat
mentally deranged. Later the young
man's condition became such that on the
recommendation of Dr. J. Maher he was
I placed on a comfortable cot in the in-
I firmary department ln the roof story of
I the college, where he had remained the
j past five days almost constantly In the
care of Lawrence Carroll, a trained
nurse.
Five days ago Brother Walter wrote to
, the parents advising them of their son's
i condition, and asking whether to send
; him home or what course should be taken,
but thus far no reply has been received.
Crogan complained of sleeplessness,
! and Dr. Maher frequently administered
bromide and other sleep-Inducing potions
to quiet his nerves. Shortly after 5
o'clock this evening Nurse Carroll stepped
out of the room to bring his ward supper.
j During his absence Crogan arose In his
! night robe, placed a chair near a window,
so as to enable him to open it, and then
• jumped to his death.
Brother Walter has sent a telegram to
the parents, but Corbell is about ten miles
from a telegraph office or postoffice, and
some time wil elapse before they hear
I the news.
The remains have been removed to the
I morgue, and Coroner Mehrmann expects
' to hold the inquest next Tuesday.
HOME LIFE IS THE
NATIONS DEFENSE
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton^, pastor of Ply
mouth Congregational Church, took for
the subject of his sermon yesterday the
commandment "Honor thy father and thy
mother." Briefly, he said:
The fifth commandment establishes the
authority of the home. The family ls a
heaven-ordained institution. Its dignity,
sanctity and authority must be preserved,
if social and civil order endures. Plato,
prince of philosophers, and speaking from
the very summit of Greek culture in his
republic, has no place In his Ideal organ
ization for the house-life, as the Scriptures
understand it.
The family Is the unit of the state: the
hearthstone Is the cornerstone of the
temple, the foundation stone of govern
ment, the keystone of social order. As a
nation's homes are, so Is the nation.
The homes of our colonial days produced
the men of blood and Iron who successfully
fought our Revolutionary battles; who with
high souls attuned to every noble principle
framed the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution. Honor of parents,
reverence for parental authority, loving loy
alty to all the home Interests, must pre
cede all other virtues that make commercial
1 life honest while it Is aggressive; social life
pure while It Is progressive; civil life just
while it is strong.
The home training is the most important
that influences the life of the individual.
Here all the germ virtues are planted that
In the mature years unfold In all the
flower and fruitage of a noble life. Here
as nowhere else the forces are developed
that determine character and conduct.
REV. GEORGE C. ADAMS
IS WELCOMED HOME
A welcome service of song was given at
the First Congregational Church last
night, tho occasion being the return of
the pastor, Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
from a vacation trip through the United
States. Dr. Adams visited his old home
at Portland, Me., and attended the Inter
national Congregational Council at Bos
ton, Mass., in September. At Providence
R. 1., he preached before the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Na
tions.
As the service was of a choral nature
Dr. Adams omitted the sermon and only
addressed a few brief remarks on "The
Congregational National Council." He
said in part:
"You cannot in these days of personal
freedom dictate to a church as to what
it shall or shall not do. The American
spirit of liberty is gaining in the church.
In Congregationalism there is nothing
smothered. We talk right out. Nobody
has a right to tell a Congregationallst to
keep silent; if they do he has a right to
tell them he 'won't.' "
Dr. Adams expressed his gratification
at being in San Francisco again.
«
ELOQUENT DISCOURSE
BY FATHER McCOURT
Father McCourt preached an eloquent
j and forcible sermon at old St. Mary's
Church last night. A large congregation
' listened to his address with the closest
attention. His text was, "1 forgive thee
j all the debt because thou besoughtest
; me. Shouldst not thou then have had
compassion on thy fellow servant, even
as I had compassion on thee?" The
preacher said, in part:
It seems that one of the most diffi
cult virtues to acquire, and one of the
hardest to practice, is that virtue spoken of
to-day in the Gospel— that of forgiveness of
injures, and yet it Is the virtue to which
we as Christians are most strict! v bound
Let the words of to-day's Gospel be" a warn
ing to you. The wicked servant had been
I freed from a heavy debt, yet he refused to
show a like favor to a fellow servant who
owed him a beggarly trifle. And his lord
being angry, delivered him to the tortures
( until he should pay all the debt. So also
| shall my heavenly Father do to you If you
torsive not every one his brother from
i your hearts.
WORRY AND NOT WORK
THAT KILLS MEN
] "Don't Worry" was the title of a ser
j mon delivered last night by Rev. K. Ne
• lander before the congregation of the
j First English Lutheran Church. He chose
! as his text "Take therefore no thought."—
! Matthew vi:.'! 4. In part, he said:
It is not work that kills men; it is worry.
; A genuine Christian never worries, because
; God is managing hi* affairs. To him Ood
I says: "I have all the resources of the
i universe; when you get In trouble call on
Me and I will help." How much should
i that man worry? What lien will dare put
his paw on that Daniel? The Stoics would
I say. "What can't be cured must be eta
j dured." The. Christian philosophy is bet
l ter: "All thing* work together- for good
I to them that love God." Christ meant man
to be happy; this life to be as happy as
the next, old ever a to-morrow ... a darker
! order stand before any soul than st ,,] be
fore his? .' Vet be i! (1 art alow tb<» .' M -k
to-morrow to Invade the bright to-day.
Sufficient unto the day wa- .... - ".. t .. .-.»'■'•■'
held! To-morrow .is God's. When it comes
God comes with it. and in His strength we
live, believe, obey! -.- .- -y
St. Brendan's Fair.
I St. Brendan's Church fair will end
Wednesday evening of the present week.
'■ This evening the ladles of the Chil
! dren of Mary booth will be at homo, en
| tertaining, by reason of postponement
'caused by the rain of Thursday evening.
The ladles of the booth are: Miss Mary
McCarthy, Mlsij Mamie Prince, Miss Lo-
I retta Ryder and Miss Florence Kiley. The
programme will be musical. The raffling
of all articles will begin also on this
evening and will continue up to Wednes
day evening. Many of the articles are
valuable. -:•■•'. \y.
BOILER -MAKERS' TROUBLES.
i They Conclude to Await Action of
Union Iron Works Men.
The striking members of the Boiler-mak
j ers' and Iron Ship-builders' Union held
| a meeting at the A. O. F. Hall, 102 O'Far
l rell street, yesterday afternoon. James
Ryan presided. Secretary Ben. F. Hall
read the minutes of last Friday's meet
ing. A stormy debate followed, during
which a tree fight was once or twice Im
minent, but Secretary Hall managed to
restore order and no active hostilities were
indulged ln. ..-.;.„:•..
No definite decision was reached, the
men determining to await the action of
I the Union Iron Works boiler-makers.
: Secretary Hall stated that If the Union
, Iron Works boiler-makers went out the
. ship-builders would follow. Two repre
. sentatives from the Union Iron Works
were present. The strike will be continued
' another week pending the action of the
employes of the Union Iron Works.
FIGHT NOT
LIKELY TO BE
POSTPONED
Injury to Je fries' Arm Hardly
Grave Enough to End
His Training.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Whether the |
' championship flght between Jeffries and i
; Sharkey will be held as scheduled on :
j October 27 or postponed on account of the j
j champion having a strained arm is uncer- '
I tain as yet, but it will be definitely set- j
| tied on Tuesday morning. At that time
■ the bandages will be removed, and it de- ;
pends on the advice of a physician
whether he will continue to train for the
original date. The physician who exam-
I lned the arm thought the Injury was not j
j serious, and the latest advices from the
i training quarters are to the same effect. I
W. A. Brady and Tom O'Rourke will i
I meet in New York on Tuesday and will j
i decide. what is to be done. O'Rourke will !
I take a decided step against the postpone
i ment, and thinks the Injury is of no con- j
sequence. Sharkey Is of the same opinion, ;
I and thinks Jeffries has some other reason I
i for not wanting to fight on October 27 To
j night O'Rourke said:
"I believe Jeffries will be able to use !
I his arm in three days as well as he ever '
! did in his life, and he must either fight or
forfeit on October 27. Sharkey had been j
I injured just before he fought Jeffries in i
! San Francisco. A strain in his back had :
j affected his kidneys and he wanted a !
postponement, It was not allowed, and I
everybody knows the result. Since !
I Sharkey has been training for this fight |
I he has met with three accidents, any one I
of which I believe was as bad as Jeffries' '
Injury. When It became known some time i
I ago that Sharkey had cut his foot they
said at once that he did not want to fight,
and that this was merely an excuse. To ;
avoid this report being started again we
said nothing of the other accidents, and
he will be ready to fight when the time
comes. There must be some other reason
for Jeffries wanting to postpone the ■
I fight."
CORINTHIANS ON A CRUISE.
Yachtsmen of the Club Enjoy Chow
der and a Baseball Game at
Fasadise Cove.
On Saturday night several yachts of I
the Corinthian fleet accompanied Com- (
modore Carl Westerfeld's flagship Aeolus I
to Paradise Cove, being towed up by j
launches because of the lightness of the [
wind. A fire was built on the beach and
clam chowder and other good things were I
enjoyed. Yesterday there were lying at j
anchor in Paradise Cove the following j
yachts: Commodore Carl Westerfeld's
Aeolus, Vice Commodore W. H. Toepke '.
and Sharp's Harpoon. E. F. Sagar's' Ed- !
na. Paul Biber's Miction, J. Raymond's j
Will o' the Wisp, J. R. Savory's Juanita,
J. W. Pew's Truant, W. S. Graver's yawl
ArctUTUB, A. J. Young and T. W. Ran- I
some's Clara, F. Barlett's Queen. R. Stev- I
enson's Thelma. L. B. Chapman's Freda, !
W. F. Humphreys Jr's. Pride, T. L. Mil
ler's Spray. Breltzmann's Cupid, F. E. i
Baker's Emilie, Hansen's Phoenicia and j
the schooner Wave.
About noon the yachtsmen went ashore I
and played the annual Corinthian base
ball game between the "Keegans," cap
tained by "Keegan" Schober, and the
"Fancies, captained by "Fancy." The
teams consisted of eleven men each, and
were as follows: "Fancies" — Follansbee,
Short, Thornton, Westerfeld. Sagar,
Hawkins, Kaiser. Delamater, Thompson,
Stack and Denhard. "Keegans"— Buck,
Ward. O'Brien, Brlckell. Ohlandt. Howe,
"Kavanaugh, Brennan, "Keegan." Strauss,
Morrow. Port Captain J. If. Keefe, with i
a marvelous red sash around his waist
and a mighty ax in his hand, undertook
the perilous office of umpire, while C.
Westerfeld and C. L. Barrett performed
the more obscure but less hazardous \
duties of scorers.
WAGERING ON THE BIG BOUT.
Champion Jeffries Opens a Warm
Favorite, but Sharkey Has
Ardent Admirers.
The first wagering on the forthcoming i
meeting of Champion Jeffries and "Tom" '
Sharkey was done at Harry Corbet tV, last
night. Jeffries was made favorite, the )
opening odds being 10 to 6. So many ad
mirers of Sharkey wanted to get on
money that the sailor advanced a point |
in the betting at once, the odds closing
at 10 to 7. Shrewd bettors affirm that
Sharkey will advance steadily In the pop- !
ular fancy and that when the men enter ;
the ring it will be even money.
Alex Groggains has arranged a number
of promising bouts for tho regular ex
hibition of the San Francisco Athletic
Club next Thursday evening. The prin
cipal bout will be between "Jack" Mc- ;
.Million and Gene Mulligan. The remain- !
Ing boxers are L. Richards and "Bud"
Terry; W. Fredericks and E. Duffy; T. ]
Irwin and "Jim" Terry. Bach of the con- ■
tests will be of four rounds' duration and
should provide the kind of sport the local
followers of boxing enjoy. Oreggalna
will, as usual, referee and can be relied
upon to keep the athletes continually at
work. !:
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R L Puree!!, NY iT T Cedo, Japan
F 0 earmark. St Louis W 8 Davidson Russia !
R D Bobbins Jr. Cal W G Coxe. Phila
C I. Bellinger, Or LA Plumbers, N V '
C M Hunter, Kans ill Allen <few, S Jose !
H II Kohlsaat. Chic 0 Gelin & w. I' S N |
ll w Blake. Boston JB M Stiebel. N V
W Lewis & w, Denver C R Le Mur.yon. Hono I
Lal*;) del Orto, La Fred Lemon, Boston !
L C Krueger Chic S C Joerger, Berlin
M I, Pipes, Portland X Sano, Japan •',
W Panders &w. Alaska' J 1! Benedict, N V
Chas B Morris. NY C E Brown, S B Gaelic
C Storck, N V*. H I' Wilson, U S N
X !•; (Mine. Seattle C G B.ilentyne, HI
\v H Btimson, NY ' c ii Hardy, Eng
W Stimson & W, N V F A Hardy. Eng
Mary C Pierce, NY' IT J Bourne. London
Mrs H Congor. N V Thos Lavle, Scotland
j Hiss Congor, NY E A Scale. Dublin
H de Gray, 3 ' B Bonney __ w, Cai
NEW WESTER:. HOTEL.
11 O'Neil, Vallejo [J Mulroy, Manila
E Ware. Stockton W L Fuller, Redlands
I C NVlson. San Jose M C High, Ixis Ans
F E Meredith, Vallejo i H Venrub. Los Ang
J Mathews. Fresno H H Bergman. Pasden
i R F Cantwell. Phila Mrs McCready, S D
I, C Clark &w, Cal J P Swanson, Vallejo
11 A Snyder, San Jose G a Wagelle, Vallejo ■
W H Gibson, Victoria W Mayer. Stockton
II Until. Scnora J H Whlsner, Ft Soctt
| GRAND HOTEL. " .
AL Tibbets. Petaluma E H Quitnby, X C
t F \v Stanton, Bacto J li Hilbert, Eureka
w Grant, Biggs |R \v Weldon, Cal
1 Mrs A W Kerison, CaliC Franeee, Salinas
i a Kerlson Jr. Cal |F M Chltenden, Cal
T Foster Marysville T W Wells, Sonora
■ p b Yates, l aw C Barlow & w. S Clara :
I II Todd, Oakland F M Gilbert. L Ang
W Edlnger. Carson Miss C Watkins, Cal !
J C Magee. -Cal B C Cochman, Coma j
r 0 Baaserido, L Ang p Refchling, Jackson
\V Murphy, P. Alto G A Clark & \v, Cal
; T Treskow, Crockett J H Gardiner, R I I
i \V F Parker, L Ang A C Maude, Cal
'. L B Harris. L Ang J L de Paul I, Cal
IR A Stuart, L Ang F B Knowlton, Cal
H C Cross. Cleveland W Bernard & w. Ariz
C Hoffman. S Cruz Mrs J - Byrne, Tuscon I
M Sulllnger &. B Jose G Williams & w. A A
G H Bodden, Visalia HW Earle, Sktn
I, Johnson. Vancouver E T Purser, Cal
M B Williams. NY A Seedorf, Butte
C E Jaffe & w, T* S N J J Willow.' Sacto .
S A Burnham. Chic E Wacbhorst &w. Sac
W E Smith, X C - - . •
SHAFTER WILL
KEEP HIS TWO
SILVER STARS
To Retain His Rank as
Major-General.
To-day Is the date set for the retirement
of General Shafter from the ranks of the
regular army, and he would go on the re
tired list if it were not for the fact that he
ls now serving under a volunteer commis
sion—one which places j him beyond the
regulation requiring the retirement of offi
cers upon their sixty-fourth birthday. As
a matter of fr.c-t, h- will go on the reg
ular retired list, but he will continue to
command this department. ' ' j. '?-■ y:
General Shafter has received no notifi
cation of the fact that he will be retained, I
but the case does not call for notification.
The action of the law retires him from tne
regular service in the one case; the failure
to appoint a successor in command and to j
muster him out as a volunteer retains him
in the other. So General Shafter will re
main in command of this department at
the pleasure of the President.
No 'prentice hand can run matters mili
tary on this coast now, in which fact lies
the principal reason for the retention of
General Shafter. It is not generally known
what an amount of work is attached to
the caring for and transporting of the
thousands upon thousands of men who
have come and gone through this city
since the war broke out, and particularly
within the last few months. Since Gen
eral Shafter took command of the Depart
ment of California after his return from
Cuba twenty-eight regiments have gone
to Manila, besides nearly ten thousand
recruits, and there are eight more to go
within the next month or six weeks.
Then, too, there have returned from Ma
nila fifteen organizations of State volun
teers, all but two or three being full reg
iments, and aggregating over fifteen thou
sand men altogether; and further there
have been shiploads of discharged men
and sick men received, and ten sets of
barracks at the Presidio have been kept
full of sick and convalescents. Sixty-five
thousand men passing and repassing ln
the last half year would not be too large
an estimate, and in all the going and com
ing there has not been one man lost as
a result of the transportation arrange
ments; there has been no delay traceable
to the army management, and the regi
ments have followed each other from the
East and on out to -Manila as smoothly as
they have followed each other from Ma
nila and home to their own States after
being mustered out. At times there have
been quartered at the Presidio over twelve
thousand men— ten nines as many as was
ever expected to be kept there— and there
has been no trouble, no sickness to speak
of and no complaint.
A newcomer would find it hard to keep
the department up to this standard, so
until all the volunteers have finished their
service and aan Francisco returns to its
former standing as a military station it
is probable the President will leave the
department in the general's hands.
Captain Ecitch, who has been recently
promoted from the Twenty-fourth to the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, will be General
Shatter's chief aid unless the adjutant
general wills otherwise. General Shafter
has asked that Captain Leitch be ap
pointed upon his staff, but as Captain
Leitch has by his promotion come under
the orders of the general commanding
the Department of Texas, It will be neces
sary for the adjutant general to make the
assignment.
Captain Klttredge, who was in the
service during the Spanish war aa
,an assistant adjutant general, was
to have been the second aid. He
had been mustered out, but wag
offered a captaincy in the Forty-sixth
Infantry. He declined the commission,
however, as his private Interests require
his entire attention. Lieutenant Wilson,
who is now General Shaffer's only aid,
will be retained. \ -'. '„•.;-, .*...'• : -'.*..
Captain John Latterly, a retired officer
of the regular army, died at his home, 730
[ Grove street, yesterday. Captain Laf
ferty began his military career in 1864,
| when he was given a commission as first
: lieutenant In the First California Cavalry.
He served with that command until the
j close of the war, and he was then made a
! second lieutenant in the Eighth United
States Cavalry. He became a captain in
i 1876, and was retired for disability in
IS7S. During his service with the Eighth
Cavalry he distinguished himself for
bravery and ability, and he was more
than once complimented in orders by his
commanding officers. He particularly
distinguished himself on scouting expedi
tions, and on one occasion added to his
fame by meeting four hostile Indians
while away from his command and fight
ing them single handed. He killed two
and brought the other two back with him
Ito camp. He was a lieutenant then, and
for this exhibition of courage and ability
as a fighter he was recommended for a
! brevet as captain.
Captain Lafterty was badly wounded in
. this and other fights, and the effect of
: his wounds finally compelled his retire
'■ ment. Since then he has been in busi
ness in this city. He was a member of
| the Produce Exchange and was well
known among all the grain dealers, and
: a member of the Loyal Legion, the Cali
fornia Volunteers, the Ancient Order of
| United Workmen and the Knights of
Honor. He has two sons who served
during the late war with . the Oregon
| Volunteers.
First Lieutenant Charles A. Phillips of
the Thirty-second Infantry and Second
Lieutenant James A. Simpson of the
Thirty-first have been ordered to their
homes to he mustered out for disability.
The Forty-second Infantry, recruiting
at Port Niagara. N. V.. and the Fortieth
Infantry, recruiting at Fort Riley, Kans.,
have been ordered to prepare for trans
portation to the Presidio. The Forty
second is under Colonel .1. Milton Thomp
son, formerly a major in the Twenty
fourth Infantry, and the Forty-second is
commanded by Colonel Arthur Murray,
formerly a captain in the First Artillery.
First Lieutenant John W. Barker, Third
Infantry, has been assigned to the trans
port Newport as quartermaster and com
missary for her next trip. v. >
A delegation of friends and relatives
of the lowa boys arrived in the city yes
terday and registered at the Occidental,
where they will remain until the trans
port bearing home their heroes Is report
ed. When seen yesterday they said that
as yet no definite plans had been made
for the entertainment of the boys when
they should reach their native State, as
it was deemed best to wait until an op
portunity be had to consult the men
themselves. The people of lowa, how
ever, arc willing to turn the State up
side down to give the lads anything they
want, and the regiment can rest assured
that the reception it will get from the
people of the State they have so dis
tinguished will he fully equal to anything
of the kind that has preceded it.
The delegation includes the following
ladies and gentlemen: Secretary of State
<_. L. Iml son. Adjutant General Byeis
and wife. Orator Frank F. Marlon, A. A.
Mason, Mrs. W. F. Steepy, Mrs. J. D.
Cadv. Clara M. Flammnnt. Mrs. J. B.
Kindle-,. Mrs. C. V. Mount. Mrs. W. L.
Tubbs." Mrs. J. C. Pryor, Mrs. F. M.
Crompton. If, 0 Williams. J. W. Roden.
Jerry L. Ryan, Robert Klssick and Mrs.
H. B. Dull.
CONLEY'S AIM WAS BAD.
He Takes a Shot at Mrs. Reeves in
Her Rooming-House on Turk
Street.
■ The police are searching for Frank Con
; ley, who is wanted on a charge of assault
to commit murder. He was an eye-wit
ness to the killing of Cavanaugh by Wil- !
i son in a saloon at Mason and Ellis streets |
: about three months ago.
Saturday night Conley called at 200 Turk '■
'street upon a woman who rooms there. j
Mrs. Reeves, the landlady, entered the
! room and she and Conley had some words.
Mrs. Reeves called him an ex-convict, and
i he reached his hand under the lounge on j
which he lav and pulled out a revolver. :
I He fired a shot at Mrs. Reeves, but the
bullet went over her head and struck the
wall.
Mrs. Reeves shouted lustily for the.po
-1 lice. Conley sprang from the lounge and j
1 rushed out of the house, disappearing
I north on Jones street. Captain Bohen
| yesterday detailed Detective Sullivan on
the case'
Arion Concert.
The opening concert for the season 1899
--1900 of the Arion Club was given last
night at 414 Pine street and participated
In by Messrs. Savannah. Clement, Dr.
Frederich, Wertech and H. Holzhauer.
Selections from Haydn, Abt, Veit, Schu-
Mann, Bizet, Otto, Pressel, Englesberg,
Mendelssohn and Penschel were rendered.
LITTLE MISS FOWLER
VERSUS EDDIE FOY
There was a blast of trumpets and beat
ing of drums when Josie De Witt came
to town with the "Topsy Turvy" circus.
There was a still bigger blast and beating
for Eddie Foy. Almost unhearlded came
little Mies Fowler, with a wardrobe that
wouldn't flll a hand satchel and a budget
of imitations that ten minutes sees the
last of. And with her modest little outfit
she proceeds to make business for the
Columbia, while Josie and Eddie fill up
time. ~ -, "
Miss Fowler, clumpy, in plaid and pig
tails, never for a minute takes herself
seriously. She knows that by playing
Marlette the violets and carnations art
forever sacrificed. They will be for some i
decollete lady or begllttered dancer. There |
Isn't a heart in town in any wise endan- j
gered by her visit, but there ls a royal !
good laugh to her credit. And perhaps she j
chuckles a little in her sleeve when she
reflects that the laugh will live to see I
those footllght darlings Inserting a card
ln dramatic monthlies or maKing the
vaudeville rounds.
As for Eddie— poor Eddie: There is a
tradition that his every entrance is the !
cue for laughter, and America clings i
blindly to the tradition. That laughter
being accomplished, the duty is performed. ;
It will not have to be attended to again ;
until his next entrance. Under other cir
cumstances, Eddie might* be pathetic. :
One might think of him as still plodding
on, footsore and weary, with thirteen
clamoring mouths to feed and the mort- '•
gage coming due. But it doesn't seem to
be so. Instead, he clings to center stage
like a fourth season belle, and contrives
to thrust himself In between the audience :
and some rather clever people.
"Hotel Topsy Turvy" is from New York. !
and from Paris before that. It is only a
fairly well written farce, but the twing
of it and the twang of it smack of im
portation. For which let us be duly grate- I
ful. SARAH COMSTOCK.
A FOOLHARDY TEAMSTER.
Patrick Lyons Vainly Attempted to
Beat the San Jose Train.
Patrick Lyons, teamster for Warren &
Malley, contractors, had a narrow escape
from death at Sixth and Townsend streets
yesterday, through his own carelessness.
Lyons had driven from the King street
wharf with a wagon-load of bricks and
reached the crossing just as the San Jose
train, which left the depot at Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m., was ap
proaching. F. Hindle, a yardman, warned
Lyons to stop till the train had passed
the crossing, but he paid no attention
to the warning. D. H. Gates, engineer of
a train that was standing near the cross
ing, also warned him to stop, but he
whipped up his horses and endeavored to
cross the track before the train reached
him.
The result was that the engine struck
the hind wheel of the wagon and Lyons
was thrown. Into the air and struck the
ground with his head. The wagon was
knocked into kindling-wood and the bricks
were distributed over the track.
Lyons was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital In the ambulance, where Dr. Stephen
found that his right collar-bone was
broken and he had sustained a lacerated
wound of the scalp. His wounds were
dressed and later he was sent to the City
and County Hospital.
NANCE O'NEIL IS A
SUCCESSFUL MAGDA
Nance O'Neil ls successful In her por
trayal of "Magda," because she invests
it with that foreign air which makes her
unlike all the other (domestic) characters.
Notwithstanding her longing for peace
and her expressions for love for her sis
ter and father, one knew she did not fit
in these surroundings, and from the very
moment she entered her home It was easy
to foresee a catastrophe. In "Magda," as
in "The Jewess," we have one scene that
displays the dramatic instinct of the art
iste. In the latter it was in the "curse
scene," in the former the accusation
scene. How dignified and proud; how
beautiful in her just wrath was this trag
edienne when her Magda accused her
faithless lover of his cowardice, his vil
lainy and dishonor in scathing terms of
sarcasm! How she enveloped him with
burning words of anger! How she stabbed
him with the dagger of ire! Only an
actress who puts her very soul Into her
declamation can obtain results such as
ornament the performance of Nance
O'Neil. ALFRED METZGER.
CHAPEL COMPLETED.
Ladies' Sodality at St. Ignatius to
Have a New Home.
Next Sunday will witness the Inaugura
tion of the new students' chapel at St.
Ignatius Church. The chapel has under
gone a complete renovation during the
past months, having been; altered and
decorated for the use of the Ladies' So
dality. The decorations and frescoing
were in charge of Mr. Frezzini, the artist.
Special services will be held to dedicate
the chapel to Its new use. An elaborate
musical programme has been prepared
and Father Calysla will deliver an ad
dress. ',
The Rev. Philip O'Ryan returned from
Chicago yesterday, where he had accom
panied Archbishop Riordan on the latter's
journey East. He left the Archbishop in
the best of health. It was expected that
Father Yorke would accompany Father
O'Ryan back to San Francisco, but he did
not appear. Father Yorke will probably
return to this city about the first of No
vember. While many of his friends have
received letters from him since his arrival
ln New York, he has mentioned no
definite time for his home coming.
Youths' Directory Fair..'
The largest crowd of the week attended
the Youths' Directory -"air Saturday night.
Father Crowley was happy to see the peo
ple come in. Much attention was paid to
the Sacred Heart booth, which is very
handsomely decorated and is very cred
itable. Mrs. Hasan is in charge, assisted
by other ladles. Among the handsome
articles displayed in the booth was a
beautiful tapestry, made by Mrs. John B.
Carson. The Nevada booth entertained
last evening. The ladies entertaining
were Mrs. Albert Burns, Mrs. F. W. Bur
nett and Mrs. J. S. Fennell. The pro
gramme Included dances by Professor
Colburn. Josefa Burns, Maria Eustace,
Baby Ruth and Ormond Smith. The con
test for Sheriff continued. At the close
Deasy had 151 votes and Lackmann 160.
This evening Professor Hoover's Physical
Culture Club will be present. Tuesday
evening Professor Tronchet, Van Court
and Hammersmith of the Olympic Club
will attend with their classes. An exhibi
tion of club-swinging will be given by
Professor Smyth. ' : ',-;y' ..-..
Prominent Socialist Dead.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Lawrence Gron
lund, the Socialist writer, died suddenly
in this city yesterday morning, aged 53
years. He had been an editorial writer
on the Evening Journal for some months,
coming here from Seattle. His most cele
brated work was "The Co-operative Com
monwealth," published a dozen years ago,
and of which 100.000 conies have been sold.
He had traveled extensively in the United
States, lecturing on Socialism.
j OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, j
| THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY I
fe Season 18991900. Now Being Compiled. |
to . ■ 3
to The entire edition has been subscribed for In advance. It will be printed ©7
•jo on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- «
g moid" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front 3
g cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 3
jo ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
|to dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the «5
to names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with «J
g their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and 3
g Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents, 3
j C and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 2
jjo permanently located for the winter. 2
I to Address all changes to 3
fc CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
jo 225 Post Street. San Francisco. • 3
j Jo Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street. c.
i GuLfcJLPJL&JUIPJLWJUL^ SL SUULSLSLZSULSLSLSLSL!UIkS>^
BOY SET UPON
AND STABBED
BY HOODLUMS
Sam Johnson Will
Lose an Eye.
■ ■ :7- ■ - -_■.•■ -■: A -'■' ' -.
Highway robbery - , in broad daylight,
was committed yesterday at East and
Merchant streets, by a gang of young
boys ranging from 10 to 13 years of age.
Their victim, Sam A. Johnson, a lad or
16 years, was stabbed twice in the eye by
one of the boys, when it was discovered
that no booty could be secured. Young
Jonnson is in a seii >v-< condition at the re
ceiving Hospital and will lose his left
eye. j-iis assailants escaped.
Young Johnson, with his father, George
P. Johnson, arrived two weeks ago at
San Francisco from Alaska, where they
had been engaged in mining. They haa
lost all of their money in a fruitless search
for gold and secured a room in the Contra
Costa lodging-house, at 14 Jackson ;
street. The father was unable to get a
job in this city and the boy secured em
ployment in a Kearney-street bakery to
assist his parent in tiding over his
financial difficulties. It was the boy s
habit, every afternoon, when he left his
work, to join his father in the vicinity of
their lodging. __W_____f ■ *_-■" , .
The lad reached the corner of Merchant
and East streets yesterday afternoon
about half past 4 o'clock. He remained
there for a few minutes. After a time a'
group of six or seven boys approached.
One of them was mounted on a large
black horse and the others were armed
with pieces of gas pipe and sticks. The
boy on the horse chased young Johnson
into a doorway, while his companions
crowded in upon their victim. A demand
was then made for 5 cents.
Johnson replied that he did not have any
money, but scarcely had he time to repi/
when he was seized and his pockets turned,
inside out. The would-be robbers then
found" that the lad had told the truth.
They set upon their victim and beat him
with the weapons they held.
Johnson snatched a whip from the
hands of the boy on the horse and made
a feeble attempt to defend himself and to
escape. Suddenly one of the boys struck
him with the blade of a knife twice, once
over the eye and the second time in the
eye. it::-.
After the assailants had fled young
Johnson wandered about the street for
some time, until he was found by the
landlord of the house where he was stop
ping. Later he was removed to the Har
bor Hospital and then sent to the City
Hall, where he remained last night. His
eye will have to be removed.
Officer Dower of the Harbor Police Sta
tion was detailed on the case, but up to
an early hour this morning he had not
succeeded In landing any of the young
highwaymen. Young Johnson says he can
identify the boys, but was in such in
tense pain last night that he was unable
to furnish the police any accurate de
scription of his assailants.
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
Programme for the First Night of the
Week of Military Concerts.
The initial performance of the grand
benefit tendered to the Red Cross Society
of San Francisco, by the band of tho
First California Volunteers, will be given
to-night at the Alhambra Theatre, corner,
of Eddie and Jones streets. Following is
the programme for to-night: 7 7'
Overture, "Polyphonic," Pettee; address of
welcome, Hon. J. D. Phelan; march, "Camp
Dewey," A. Nelson Adams; vocal solo, se
lected, Mrs. Eva Tennv, Mr. Brown, pianist;
ldylle, "Evening Bells," Richard Eilenberg:
vocal solo, "Beside the Paslg River," Mrs. Eva
Tenny, with band accompaniment; waltzes,
"Atmospheric." J. Gunzll; vocal, "Star-
Spangled Banner," Mrs. Eva Te^ny, with band
accompaniment, ad. lib.: paraphrase. "Lonely."
Nesvadba; original Filipino views by W. H.
Lillie, U. S. V. Signal Corps.
The orchestra will render a promenade
concert, during which the audience will -
be permitted to view the Filipinlo ex
hibit on the stage. Twenty captured
machetes will be given each night by lot
to the seat holders.
Died Unknown in Hospital.
The body of an unknown man, who died
| in the City and County Hospital yester
day afternoon, has been removed to the
Morgue. The man was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital on the 12th inst. in an
unconscious condition and removed from
! there to the City and County Hospital,
where he lingered until yesterday, when
j he died without regaining consciousness.
; An autopsy by Dr. Zabala developed the
fact that " the unknown died from apo
plexy. He was aged about 55 years and
'■ stood about 5 feet 11 Inches in height. He
had a brown mustache.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J- L- WII SftV & LU- , Telephone Main 18M.
J- V- TT ILjUIT tt WU- > Telephone Main 18M.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
CW SMITH Sh| P Plumbing. Steamboat
• TT- Jiliil 11, and Ship Work a Specialty, 18
and 13 Washington st. Telephone Main 564 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES&CO-, Shipping Butchers. IM
JA3- BUlLjttt'U-» Clay. Tel. Main U94.
FURS. -.
J\ I fIF\TAH ' 4 Kea,n y **•• UP** 4 "* Latest
. IT. LUrjlAI/f styles, lowest prices, remodeling
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, SEC A ££&
et. Cas ngs of Every Description Mtds to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.
TTILLAITICI IL 722 Montgomery street.
> — ' i
PRINTING
C- C- HUGHES, 611 Sansome st.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , ggggj f.£ oo £
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T^o a , phlc PARTRIDGE m £'£"»'»
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ft^i^S
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. rt Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. is the Best Coal In th«
Market Office and Yards— Main street. ,
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6*? McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 6 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. I*. -•*•_
K. T., Golden Gate building. 625 7*B"*
Sutter rt.— Stated assembly THIS ffij
EVENING, at - .'clock. All fraters W
are courteously invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal _^V_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- J\J\
ING. Business and M. M. degree. '▼ '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and ■
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. _^\_
at 7:30 o'clock. Fir.st degree. By order jC3T
• cf the W. M. /^r>
- ..WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _#\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- »JjC
gree. C. D. BUNKER. Secy. /V'
KING Solomon Lodge No. 260, F. and A. a
M.. 1589 Fillmore St. Third degree J%
THIS MONDAY) EVENING, at ;**)?
o'clock. By order of the S. W. I*3?^
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. -^Jiaffife.
O.F. Double Initiation MONDAY §^" *%£
EVENING, Oct. 16. The grand
officers will be in attendance. ■"/Ilnv.y
Visitors are cordially invited.
H. L TODD, N. G.
ALTA Ledge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— «*SSK3J^
Members please call at lodgeroom JQ_f^_____Sl__
THIS EVENING and procure I -i- '"^t_____Wt^
rade hats. •*&s!&*'
F. B. VOORHIES, Marshall.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222,~1. O. -^jj^U^.
O. F. — Every member expected to ~___%?*J3ssS___-.
be present THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING. Business of great -^r/lIW
importance.
C. 11. KORNBECK, N. G.
WM. B. CURTIS, Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. --^tfWLi^.
O. F.— Every member is requested sgggigSsC*.
and expected to meet at our ball,
Seventh and Market sts., THURS- y^//»<^ |
DAY MORNING. Oct. 19. at 9 o'clock prompt
to take part In the parade. Such as are not j
able to march will otherwise be provided for.
Watch papers Wednesday, IMb, and Thurs-
day, 19th, for notices.
MARSHAL OF THE LODGE.
tHE members of the 9. F. Scottish . vy y. '
Thistle Club are requested to as- *, £»v£j :
semble at 110 Ninth St., MONDAY. "*>vX£* ]
October 16, 1599, at 1 p. m , to at- '*^?!M»
tend the funeral of the late wife of our
Royal Chief, JOHN ROSS.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder. J
RIGGERS' and Steve,! Union Association.
The members will assemble at their hall this
evening at 7:70 sharp for the transaction of I
Important business: lines for non-attendance. |
By order THOS. BENSON, President. !
ALEX CAMPBELL. Ree. Sec.
SOUTH Park Improvement Club will meet TO-
NIGHT, 8 o'clock, 930 Howard St.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- !
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic i
process from Henry 11. Meyer, et als., In the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downie- I
ville. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In a 1
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Slnnott
and F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek I
Tailing Claim, in Goodwin Township, Plumas !
County, to deposit tailings In Hopkins Creek;
and from .tine-:- C. West, In the Eagle Gulch j
mine, ln Butte County, near Strawberry Val- ,
ley, to deposit tailings in a v rked-out pit,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at 1
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., j
on October 3C. 1?99. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock- j
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at •
the office of the company, 327 Market street. ;
ln the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the I
25th day of October 1899, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the enduing
year, and the transaction of such other busi- I
ness astnay me before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14, !
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
r E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Slme 1
_ Company— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of The Sime Company will be held at
the principal office of the company in San
Francisco, Cai., in WEDNESDAY, the ISth j
day of October. 1599. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for
the purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN, President.
Dated October 7. 1599.
g— .
ACCOI VTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. st.. designs, audits A
adjusts accounts for corporations ,<t firms; ref.
1
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R.,W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
t,AW and Loan Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000; pro-
secute or defend lawsuit In all courts on con-
tingent fees; employ able counsel; loan money
on any kind of security. Advice free, by mail
or at office, 214 Pine st., room 64.
ADVICE free; divorce law a ppeelaiiy; private;
no fee without success; flections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 550 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St., opp. Mason;
consultation free: moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: no 'her" unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. •
■= < =
BATH C ABIXETS-TIIKRM
THE Robinson 4-pane| bath cabinet, folding I
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
cail and see it: descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
c ==■
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
"WHITE agency, 1454 Market St.: a few '99
wheels, $25; mechanical repairing.
I ' r=r; —
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. M^rk^t~^d~TenthJ
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING a SPECIALTY.
<.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
MARKET. 1049 A (Hotel -son)— Under""new
and excellent management; Mr. M. C. Rob-
ineon, formerly Oakland, prop. ; sunny suites
very desirable for fumilies; first-class table;
•quick service; reasonable rates; family suites
a specialty; American and European plan.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rocms $1 50
week up, with board $5 50: suit for two with
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
VAN NESS. 4 Large tunny front room for
lady or gentleman, with breakfast or full
board; very reasonable.
A NEW family hotel, sn; California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2, $45 up; single, $20.
MARKET, 1820 (Las Palma?T-iuire of 2 or 3
■, rms.; private; bath; sin, rms,; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— clean comfortable rooms; su-
perior table board; bath; piano; reasonable.
POWELL, 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished Tultes
and single, with or Without board.
»—^ ~— — — —— — ._^_
5 - BOARD AM) ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady artist would like to instruct in a
' nice- family ln exchange for room and board.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN to board by experienced nurse real
sonable. 733% Stevenson, or 374 Tenth st.,
Oakland. '
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged?
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st. near Third.
) BUSINESS CHANCES.
H6OO— ONE-THIRD interest in old established
paying business; without a rival ln Its line
on coast; needs no previous experience, but
must be man of general business ability and
tact; important outside affairs compelling one
member of firm to sacrifice; offer worth
$12,000; references. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
44250— M1LK ranch in city; 54 cows, 7 horses, 3
v-agons, farming utensils; everything com-
plete and in tip-top order; 48 cans; best class
trade; offer one of best ever made; positively
full value ln sight, with splendid business
thrown in; full Investigation and trial if you
mean business; none but principals. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$4500— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
st.; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
. will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given if
: you mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$200— CORNER branch bakery in the Mission;
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
nst cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offloes, bar, din-
ing-room, etc. ; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this flrst-clasa
paying property must be sold at once; Impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
est investigation solicited. Call R. G.
WILKE. MM Market st.
A— SIIOO— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60: mercantile lunch; between wholesale
houses and iron foundries; place clearing $100
per month; lease. Call WILKE, 906 Market.
A— SSOO— CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors;
Market and Powell sts.; only the very best
class of patronage; no rent to pay; a spledld
offer. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
PARTNER wanted with $400 in good-paying
water-front saloon: splendidly paying; best
location. Call R. Q. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell st.. Including 4 rooms; daily re-
ceipts $10; rent, $25; a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE, '■'-■_ Market st.
A— s3so; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
906 Market st.
A— S6OO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $35; dally receipts $25;
meals not less than 2So; bargain. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In flrst-class dairy and
milk route. COWING & CO.. 995 Market at.
CANDY store: best on Market st.; bargain.
COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
CANDY and confectioner stor», a, bargain; call
at once. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
A— s27so— SALOON ;.best town on coast; $35 to $50
daily; cheap rent. KREDO A CO., 22% Geary.
$1250— GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock; Invoice $1200: $25 daily; must be
sold; sickness. KREQO A CO.. 22% Geary st.
CALL and see list — country hotels, restau-
rants, coffee houses, branch bakeries, fine
corner grocery, a good paying saloon, lodging
houses from 10 to 100 roc.mis. country mer-
chandise and bakeries for sale and exchange.
EITEL, 1008% Market st. •_£_=_
$400— BRANCH bakery, groceries, delicacies;
doing business $9 to $12 day; two weeks' trial
given; 5 living rooms; rent $20. JONES, 865
Market st.
$300— RESTAURANT; paying business: trial
given. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market.
$13fH) — SNAP; saloon; best location in city: near
Market st.: fine business. P.ASILE. 3 Eddy.
$2500— ONE of the best located drug stores ln
the city; clearing $200 per month; selling on
account of other business. Address L. 8..
box 844, Call office.
MRS. C. J. MEYER'S hall, 335 McAllister;
sittings dally; test meetings, 10c; circles, 250;
dally 2 and 8 p. m.
BARBERS— Good paving 2-chalr shop in coun-
try- Apply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
$600— PORK and delicacy store; $30 day; trial
given. Box 843. Call office.
WELL paying restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila. Box 206. Call office.
LAW and Loan Co., Inc.— Capital $100,000: will
Invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent net
interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits ln
all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St., room 64.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
FOR rent— Chicken ranch; half -Interest ln
horse, wagon, furniture, etc., or will sell
whole for $200. Address box 721, Call office,
Oakland.
FOR sale corner grocery and saloon; on ac-
count of sickness. Northeast corner Battery
and Green sts.
FOR sale ßargain for the right party; corner
saloon, with lunch room; good selling reason;
no agents. 150 First st., corner Natoma.
$300— RESTAURANT; receipts $30 a day: owner
has other business cause of sale; fine location;
bargain. 632 Market st., room 6.
HALF or five-eighths Interest In newly pat-
ented toy: great chance to make big money.
Address box Ss4. Call office.
FOR sale Dining-room; serving 2 0 meals per
day; rent $25; Investigate. Box 204 Call office.
PAYING first-class restaurant in Palo Alto for
sale cheap. For Information apply to A.
STOLNER. 880 Howard st., 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS paying tarber shop: selling ac-
count of sickness. DENNISON, 753% Market.
WOOD and coal yard: established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795, Call office.
FOR sale at once; make offer; stationery, toys,
etc. 1332 Polk st. "
COAL yard for sale. Apply at 629 Haight st.
PAINT shop: estab. 40 years; good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS. 926 Washington st.
CHEMIST wanted as partner in order to s#irt
business. Box 892, Call.
BAKERY for sale; $800; no wagon; all store
trade. Address box 899, Call office.
COAL yard for sale. 431 Third St., corner of
Silver.
BRANCH bakery and notion store; 2 living
rooms. 806% Filbert st.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. 5J McRAE,
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea route? supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tei. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 88-40 Sth st. ; tei. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tei. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tei Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tei. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tri. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tei. East 126. .
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
™„ ™^.^__
MRS. LR. CLARkT~
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles: restore lost affections; unite the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals.: tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. Lit. DUMOND,
Eminent clairvoyant and medium, lately ar-
rived from New York: truthful in her predic-
tions; reliable In her advice: the distinguished
clairvoyant and medium; those in trouble or
who wish to know their future should consult
this gifted medium on all matters of legiti-
mate business nature: mining, lawsuits, sepa-
rations, love, matrimony, lost or stolen prop-
erty; full reading by mall, $1, from lock of
hair or photo; satisfaction guaranteed. Office
1130 Market St., parlors 2 and 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings. $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift "of clairvoyance
and never falls In her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m.,
7-10 p. m.; 25c and 50c. 612% Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES. the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St., room 7, second floor. /
JOHN SLATER— to-night. 8:15 sharp;
sittings 10 to 4. IS* Stockton, nr Greenwich.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2."c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1206
Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye., parlor 14.
MRS. AITKENS. 120 McAllister St., flat L
test medium; sittings dally.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewriter,
330 Ellis st.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 2Sc. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. 50c. $l:test circles
Tues., Thurs., Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
GYPSY life reader: ratisfaction guaranteed;
2i.c; reading by mall. $1. 9 Seventh st-
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 28c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a. m
to 10 p. m.; Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st. _^
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleanlhg and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Epear it* i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY* S Agency; charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LEt!
TWO cottages, 4 rooms each, off Folsom st.;
rent $8 and $10; key at 350 Precita aye.
GREEN. 415 — A 4-room cottage and basement;
$8. '
JONES, 2052— rent, cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; rent $14.
SUNNY cottages. 6 and 6 rooms, basement,
yard; flat. 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth st.. near Dolores.
SUNNY corner cottage; 8 rooms, bath, garden;
rent, with stable, $30. 828 Lombard st.
$14— COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; large yard
and basement. 808 Potrero aye., near 20th.
$15— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
DENTISTS.
AJ^PRr~Tj~iT~HIGGINS' dental parlors! 927
Market St., over Cafe Zftnkard— extract-
ed without pain by the use cf electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best »nd most artlstlo
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from aOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 CO up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; opon
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Syriol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
j DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gaa given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Ztahnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211, Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
1 SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS A.ND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made tver; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; satisfaction guaranteed; catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 3. F.;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
AOCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey,assay,archi.:day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 983 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
•evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
M, G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State NormaL, Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc., Prof. De Fllllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; Correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; houseeleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Cbl-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tei. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary et. ; tei. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell; tei. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
FIELD'S Employment Agency: help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a first-cjass French cook, wih best city
_ references. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Infant nurse desires a situation-
best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.'
SWEDISH second girl, good waitress and
seamstress, two housegirls, $25 each; an ex-
cellent Swedish cook with year's reference;
also a Swedish nurseglrl. Address or tele-
phone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored girl desires situation as
nurse or housework; good cook; best city ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Danish cook desires situation- 3
years last place; city or country. MISS CUI*-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants to do light
housework in small family; good plain cook;
moderate wages: references; across the bay
preferred. Call 747 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation to
do general housework in a small American
family; has references. Call for two days at
113 Perry st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a few more en-
gagements to go out as extra. Address MRS.
JOHNSON. 1826% Bush st. ,
SITUATION wanted by mother and daughter;
cook and second work; city or country. Call
at 346 Third st.
NEAT, competent woman wishes to do gen-
eral housework ln a small family; good cook.
513 McAllister st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as
housekeeper or In small family; object, a
good home: good references. Call 315 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion; general housework and plain cooking.
Address 424% Grove st.
WOMAN, first-class German cook, for small
private family. 257 Stevenson St., between
Third and Fourth.
SWEDISH girl wants situation at general
housework ln American family. Call at 142
Eleventh st. v.* ' 'V- "
WANTED— on custom coats who un-
derstand button holes; steady work. 234%
Sixth st.
DRESSMAKING— A thorough fitter ln ladles'
suits wants engagements at $1 25 per day;
tailor suits a specialty. 402 Mason st.
TWO girls wish situations together: one as
cook, other upstairs girl. Call at 215 Minna
St., 3 days.
RELIABLE young Eastern girl for general
work and cooking; $20. 945 Golden Gate aye.,
near Octavla st.
ENGLISH woman cook for boarding-house or
restaurant, city. 257 Stevenson st.
YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper.
Call at room 18. 307 Fourth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; understands
general housework. 8 Stark St., room 6. ■
YOUNG girl from the East wishes work ln a
laundry; 3 years' experience. Address MISS
ROBINSON. Fort Point.
COLORED woman wishes day work or wash-
ing to take home, or would take care of child
during the day. Address box 725, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wants situation in Ger-
man family for general housework. Call or
address grocery store, 1701 Mason st. r.. -,
WOMAN would like work by the day washing
or house-cleaning. 18 Ritch St., bet. Harri-
son and Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few en-
gagements by the day. Address 995 Market
st., room 18.
FRENCH dressmaker wishes engagements by
the day. 831 Golden Gate ays, J^
EMPLOYi ENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT colored woman wishes place
to do cooking and housework; is a good cook.
Please call or send, 28 Stone St., city; email
family. . - .
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
flrst-class laundress; makes herself generally
useful; best references given. ■ Call 120 Wll-
die -St., near Steiner, bet. Bush and Pine.
SITUATION wanted— Competent lady's nurse:
$10 per week; city or country. Address box
797. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
WANTED, by a competent couple with a
boy 8 years, a place ln the country; man
good ranch hand, wife good cook and house-
worker. For particulars apply to MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDE, 38. handy with tools, honest and so-
ber, wishes steady work of any kind ; can care
of horses and ls good driver. Box 856. Call.
YOUNG roan from the East wants situation;
care of horses. Box 205, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by engineer recently from
the East: good mechanic, etc. Box 744, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work on private
place; small wages. Address box 745. Call.
GERMAN, 36, handy with tools; honest, sober,
■ obliging; flrst-class references; any kind of
steady work or situation. E. NEITSCH, care
MRS. VARGAS, B Commercial st.
RESPECTABLE man and wife wish positions
in country hotel; man as barkeeper and wife
as chambermaid: good references. Address
box 855. Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes position In office
or store; competent clerk and accountant;
also experienced telegrapher; Christian ref-
erences. Box 771, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener, competent, reliable
Englishman, desires position; reference last
employer. Box 783. Call office.
WANTED-Steady Job: sober man ln a furni-
ture store and carpet house; expert carpet
layer. Box 784. Call office.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches. No. 1 references, de-
sires situation as such. Address C. S.. 1022
Jackson st.
YOUNG married man of good habits wants
work of any kind; thoroughly understands
horses; is a good driver and not afraid of
work; good references. Address J. BRODES-
SER, 562 Post st.
A SOBER and reliable young ex-soldler with
no bad habits deelres any such position as
Janitor or teamster; thoroughly acquainted
with the city; has references with two excel-
lent discharges and recommendations of his
honesty. Address H. GANZET, 408 Twenty-
second aye.,' city.
SOBER, reliable man desires position as watch-
man or other, steady employment; has ex-
cellent discharge from U. S. Marine Corps;
served on the flagship Olympia at the Battle
of Manila Bay. Box BSB, Call.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener de-
sires situation ln private place: can milk;
handy with tools; temperate habits; good ref-
erences. Address P. LUND. 360 Seventh st.,
Oakland.
MAN and wife with one child would like to
take care of farm or private place in country;
wages $35 and found. Box 893, Call.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position in
family boarding house; cooking or saloon.
Address CHARLEY LUM. 813% Sacramento.
CARPENTER wants something to do in the
line of carpentering. Address box 891, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position ln a grocery and
salmon business or grocery alone; can give Al
references. Box 897, Call office.
BUTCHER— Good cutter and salesman would
like employment. Address box 730, Call.
— MILK wagon driver; 8 years' city experi-
ence on double team; good driver; 23; Al city
refs. Box 756, Call, or 1601 Sanchez, after
7 v. m.
YOUNG man thoroughly acquainted with city
wishes situation to drive delivery' wagon;
best of references. Addrees box 748. Call.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work ln
a hotel or lodging-house: city or country';
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age. would like work
in grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1505% Franklin st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH olP.ce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
IN Berkeley— New house 5 rooms and bath,
chicken and washhoure: fine condition; value
$1600; will trade for city property with or
without improvements. Address box 755. Call.
B-ROOM frame house for exchange for cigar
Store. COWING A CO.. 995 Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS^
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market St.. San Francisco; exam. free.
yy FINTAXCIATL;.
WANTED for cash— Old-line life Insurance
policies. A. T. KELLIHER, The Raymond.
Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
A SNAP— S rooms, bath; cor. Jones et. ; $9.
SPECK A CO.. 667 Market et.
CAPP, 736, between Twenty-f ;cond and Twen-
ty-third; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
CAPP, 919— Elegant flat; 4 rooms and bath;
large basement; warm belt Mission.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick—
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
HAVES, Fine double flat; 8 rooms and
bath; yard and garden; reduced rent.
HOUSE of 9 rooms; 162 Clementina St.; rent
$16; open from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
HOWARD, 1800, corner 14th— 2 sunny flats, 3
and 6 rooms; rent $8 and $14.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
Hsht and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
PINE, 1225, near Hyde — flat; 6 rooms;
yard; rent $16.
PINE, 1331— 4 rooms; large yard and cel-
lar; rent reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1002, above Powell— Sunny up-
per flat 6 rooms and bath.
SCOTT, 1713— Flat B rooms and bath to rent.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
SHIPLEY. 2998, near Sixth— sl2 50; flat of 6
rooms and bath; gas; nice sunny yard.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye., above
Van Ness. y _*y yy
TWELFTH, 322— Flat of 2 rooms; stable if
required.
$12— SUNNY corner flat; 6 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply grocery cor. Twenty-fourth and Florida.
A— lll7 SCOTT St.; 5 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays, etc.
$20—5 LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
s 219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLAT of B rooms; modern improvements;
yard and cellar. 315 Tenth St.. near Folsom.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard: linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.lald and lined,
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 80, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Mi.islon st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your' id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOCO carpets.furniture.etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. Silverste!n,ll2l Market,
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $i 0 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WAXTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
GOOD agents for a new article on the in-
stallment. Apply from 9 to 10 a. m. and 4 to
6 p. m., 37 Donohoe building.
WANTED— or gents; salary and com-
mission. Hi Jones at.
HELP WANTED—
WOMAN with a child. $20; woman with a
child, $15; see lady here. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, $20; no cooking; good place.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
6 NEAT second girls. $15 each; 4 girls, second
work, $20 and $26. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS, San Jose, $15; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, refined girl, light housework, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
HOUSEWORK, Santa Cruz, $20; Salinas. $20;
fare here; good place; San Rafael, $25, see
lady here this morning; Berkeley, $25; Oak-
land, $25; Alameda. $25 ;. Modesto, $20; Hollls-
ter, $20; St. Helena, $26; Merced, $25; Fresno,
$25; Napa, $20; Raymond. $20; and other
towns. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN A ...PHONE GRANT 185
2 waitresses, Nevada. $20 and fare; 2 wait-
resses. Woodland, $20; waitress, Martinez. $20;
waitress. Bakersfield. $20, fare here; waitress,
San Jose, $25; waitress, Jamestown, $20; cham-
bermaid to wait and laundress, south, steady
place. $20; chambermaid to wait. Port Costa,
$20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 6 restaurant wait-
resses, $5. $6, $7 week; clerk for candy store,
see' party here at 10 Monday; 2 cooks, $25, $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Nurse, Infant, see party here at 10:30 Mon-
day; girl for San Rafael, see party here at 10
Monday; 25 girls for general housework, $15,
$25; 2 second girls, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— HOUSEWORK, Palo Alto, $25; Alameda,
$25; Berkeley, $20; Antloch. $20; Martinez, $20;
Vacaville, $20; Belvedere, $25: Los Gatos, $25;
San Rafael, $25;, San Leandro. $20; Benicia,
$25; San Mateo, $20, and several other towns;
twenty housework girls, city, $25. $20 and $15;
ten young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter at.; phone Main 651.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress and waitress; Hum-
boldt; $30 and $25. with a raise. Apply to
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
TWO German cooks, $30 each; cook, Ameri-
can family, $30. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
COOK, Institution, $35; laundress, same place,
$20 to $25; 2 cooks, $30 and $25; second girl,
$20; cook. American family of 2, $25; house-
firl, 2 in family, $25; 3 young second girls,
IB each; nurseglrl, $15; houseglrl, Oakland,
$25; Los Gatos. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
TWO German second girls; small families; $20;
good places. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.
TWO cooks; must understand German cooking;
$25; good situations. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st.
GIRL for light housework; Swedish or Ger-
man preferred; must be good cook. Apply
2623 California st., between 8 and 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; must be good
operator. 26 Elgin Park, bet. Herman and
Thirteenth sts.
WANTED A good reliable girl for general
housework and cooking. Apply to-day, be-
tween 1 and 3, at 925 o'Farrell st.
WANTED A respectable girl accustomed to
children; must be pleasant and willing. 2100
Devlsadero st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 2904
California st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $10 per
month; call after 9 a. m. 4 Twelfth at.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 621 Devlsa-
dero st.
NURSE for Infant; references required. Call
forenoon, 517 Pine st., room 7.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 14 Grant aye., room 72.
APPRENTICES to help oon skirts; paid while
learning. 868 Mission st., room 7. •&;J_.'
WANTED Makers and apprentices for milli-
nery. DONOVAN'S, 1615 Polk st.
WANTED— A nurseglrl at 2912 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework;
sleep at home; $12. 1914 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— GirI to assist with housework. 1316
Fulton st.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
41S Brannan St., near Third.
WANTED— Wetnurse for a child 5 weeks old.
3539 24th st.; call at once.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$25. 2105 Pine st.
WANTED— young girl to assist in house-
work. 2241% Sutter st., near Scott.
AN elderly lady for housework and care of
children. 24 Sixth st.
GOOD waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI to help wait at table. 8
Golden Gate aye.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard st., bet. 4th and Bth; over handball court.
WANTED— Apprentice on custom coats with
some experience. 1036 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and a flrst-class
skirtmaker wanted at 516 Sutter at.
GERMAN girl wanted in a bakery; reference*
preferred. 127 Fifth st.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32% Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chine and will take ln several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS hands on ladles' tailor skirts
and coats; only best need apply: highest sal-
aries paid. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny.
WANTED A girl to assist with cooking and
light housework. ISI7 Scott st, bet. Pine and
Bush.
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers and waist trim-
mers. MISS M. B. QUIGG. 406 Sutter St.,
room 39.
GIRL. 17. care of baby: make herself useful;
good home; $10. Box 740. Call.
WANTED— girl, light housework; wages
$12 per month. 612 Stanyan st.
WANTED First-class finisher on custom vests.
6 Eddy st., room 111. , ,
WANTED— French housekeeper between 30 and
35. F. LEBLANC. 736 Montgomery St.
FUR sewers and liners. J. N. LOFSTAD,
14 Kearny st.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking: paid while
learning. 14 McAllister St., room 63.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
ers wanted on custom work. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED— 3 or 4 energetic ladles; good pay.
114 Jones st.
GIRLS on vests; machine and hand; also ap-
prentice. 641% Stevenson st.
WANTED— makers and trimmers.
North Beach Wonder, 1411 Stockton st.
GIRL to wash dishes; small; for restaurant.
848 Third st.
COLORED or Swedish girl ln small family. 8
Sellna pi., off California st., above Dupont.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overstitch. 121 Grant ay.
WANTED— ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia Bts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st. - ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. -I. "■' 7;'
,^ _____________mm ____, m
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— First-class barkeeper, $50: barber
for miners' boarding-house, $40; restaurant
second cook, $45; third cook, $35; young In-
side servant, private family, $20; waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— and wife, $35; 2 plain paint-
ers, $2 to $2 25 day; stableman, $35 and
found; shingle sawyer, $45 and board:
shingle packer; house painter, $3 day; paper-
hanger, $3 50 day; butcher boy, $15 and found;
errand boy, $4 week: 8 miners. $2 25 and $2 50
day: timberman for mine. $2 75 day; 2 wood-
. choppers for mine, $2 cord; laborers for mine,
$2 day; 75 laborers for quarries, tunnels and
other work, $2 day and $1 25 day and hoard
and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sac-
ramento St. "-■ :'.:": v- -"■■'-■
WANTED— for delivery company In
city: references required; $30 and found. W
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for milk route
ln city, $35 and found: references required
W. D. EWER & C 0.., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 milkers, '$30; 4 laborers about
mine, $1 per day and board; 20 laborers and
teamsters in and around city, $1 75 per day-
-2 boys for factory in city. $6 per week, and
others. W. D. EWER A CO., 610 Clay' st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J HEINZ
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs!
WANTED-Steady man to collect and make
himself useful; light work; must be satisfied
v/lth $15 per week and have $75 cash. Annlv
, 1032 Market St., room 4. -*rpty
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor: $22 50 per month
Apply to-day bet. 8 and 11 a. m., room 131*
Phelan building.
I GOOD shoemaker wanted. 611 Lacuna*
= -.'■ .-■>•.. ■ 7 . 7F~;-77^7 .
HELP ANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY, 7 A. M .....
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands, Arizona, British Columbia,
all parts of California
4 milk wagon drivers, city ... — :".".',^
$40, $35, $30, $25 and found
3 milkers, same dairy, country.. s2s and found
3 Iron molders, city ££%%£s£%£
BLACKSMITHS CARPEN «*£ v
16 carpenters, Shasta mountains... * «, -/
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers. *i; .
$2 day. $45. $50, $30 and ..machinists
TO THE FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC......
12 harvest hands, fare $1..51 50 day and found
26 farmhands $35, $30. $36. $20 and found
14 milkers IT. $30. $25 and found
12 choremen and b0y5... 520. $15. $8 and found
STABLEMAN. DRILLERS ■••••••;••
12 stablemen $35, $30, $25. $20 and .i™™
26 drillers, free fare $2 25, $2 50, $2 75 _ day
cornerman, benchhands, muckers, etc.. *?neei-
wrlghts, woodturners ** aay
HARNESS MAKERS ~~±";-Y'A
harness maker for a camp $35 and founa
'....IN SAN FRANCISCO V'-'Ti
95 laborers and teamsters, many to ,J? oar °
home, others with board. $2 day, $35, $30 per
month and board. Come and see vs — ..
587 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.....
B farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives, *40
and found. MURRAY A READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GET GOOD HELP......
25 laborers, no experience, fare BOc $60
12 laborers, fare $150 * 60
18 teamsters, fare 75c *2 25 a day
25 4-horse teamsters ." $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 60, $3, $2 50. $2, $1 75 a
day. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
C00K5........ WAITERS OTHER HELP
14 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30. $25 and found
14 waiters, 1 head waiter.. s3o, $25, $20 and fd.
19 dish washers.... s3o. $25, $20, $15 and found
8 porters, laundrymen, coatmakers.
• BAKERS, ETC
B bakers, small country shops, $40 and found;
12 second, third, fourth hand 3, $30, $25, $20.
$15 and found. MURRAY A READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT JOBS,
FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES.
Wages from $26 to $40 and found.
Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers.
Tree fellers, bark peelers. Jackscrewers,
Woodsmen and mill men of every descrip-
tion, $80, $75, $65, $50, $45. $40, $30 and found;
woodchoppers, ttemakers, shingle bolt- mak-
ers, picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
WE SHIP MURRAY A READY,
TO-DAY 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES.
4 SILVER MINES.
23 OTHER MINES.
25 miners : $2 B0 a day
184 laborers ("no experience wanted"), $57 per
month, including board and lodgings
25 laborers, fare $1 50, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine, $34 and
found: 27 laborers, large mine $63
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY R. R. BUT ONE
DRILLERS. STONEMASONS
Hammersmen. laborers, teamsters, section
help; wages from $3 50 day; board, bed. etc.,
$4 50 weekly
....(WE DON'T SHIP TO COAST R. R.)....
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
PLOW TEAMSTERS
38 plow teamsters $30 and $26 and found
20 men to pull beans, $1 fare, $1 fee .-
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARBER, $60, country shop. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER hoisting for a mine, $75; bench
hand, band sawyer $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head and second cooks, country hotel, $60 and
$40: pastry cooks and bakers, hotels, $33 and
$50; confectioners, $75; 3 cooks, city, $10 a
week; third cook, $40; night steward, restau-
rant, $40; 6 hotel and restaurant waiters, $25,
$30 and $40; cook. R. R. camp, $50; barkeeper.
$50 and found: 20 dishwashers, vegetable men
and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
60 TUNNELMEN, teamsters and laborers for
the Valley Road, $2 and $2 50 a day, free fare;
30 quarry laborers, country, $2 a day, free
fare; 20 laborers, city and country, $2 a day;
20 woodsmen, $26 to $35 and found, fare ad-
vanced; farmers, milkers and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE... ROAD FREE FEE
Teamsters, laborers; ship Tuesday morning.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— coatmaker for country.
Apply at J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Mont-
gomery st.
BARBERS— shop; $70; trial allowed:
great bargain; cause sickness. 633 Sixth;
grocery.
WANTED— 3 tin roofers. Call with tools at
pier 7 at 9:30 a. m. Monday.
GOOD blacksmith wanted. 714 Sansome st.
GENERAL taylor wanted. 113 Hayes st.
PAINTER wanted. 1490 Hayes st.
GOOD barber; steady; $14 per week. 528
Broadway.
: i
PANTSMAKER wanted at 232 Montgomery
avenue.
WANTED— A good coatmaker by the week. 410
Kearny St., room 35.
GOOD presser wanted at 2810 Greenwich St.,
Presidio; $2 a day.
WANTED— for lunch house from 11 to
to 1 p. m. 115 Drumm st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED — at Young restaurant,
228 Kearny St.; wages $35 per month.
WANTED— fitter at 3009 Twenty-second
st.; call early.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 631 Clay st.
DISHWASHER; call early. 1008 Hyde st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 516 Sutter st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 806 Mission at.
STRONG boy; steady work. Golden West
Clothing Renovatory. 12 Montgomery st.
WANTED Good barber; young man; steady.
167 Ninth st.
REPAIR shop machinist— Christian young man
—if not satisfactorily employed, may hear of
what is desirable. Address R. 8. E., box
739, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
M ODER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks: expert instructions; Saturday-
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
BUSHELMEN wanted. Apply after 9a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.'
FIRST-CLASS operators on ladles' coats A
CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny st.
HIGHEST wages paid for first-class ladles' tai-
lors; steady work; call to-day. 1411 Polk st.
WANTED— Cabinet-makers. 64 First st.
2 COATMAKERS. 523 Market St., room 3, 12
to 1 o'clock. 7 '-■■■.: '.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— 2 bushelmen. 2804 Greenwich St.;
first-class wages.
FIVE good hustlers, not afraid to work; good
pay to right men; salary. 300 Post st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to oOc. 062 Mission st., x bet. Ist and 2d sts.
9,££^ KERS wanted. Apply CARLSON-
CURRIER CO.. 6 Sutter st. '
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; highest
wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. 11. ~SH"EPARD _ &~l7oJJ^attorJ
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tei, Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and, from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta. Open till 9 p. m. 1
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, laL-
-1519 Mission St.. between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day of sale. .*•
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N..8.-*aie3
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m. „_______
TO be sold Immediately, fresh cows to dis-
solve partnership; all young and first-class
stock; also one steel gray horse; weight 1300
pounds: 6 years old; also low heavy bay norse.
P. J. CODY*. Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
«0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna st., bet. First and Second.
FOR SALE: cheap; 3 good work mules. Apply
337 Noe st.
FOR sale, cheap — good work mules. 337 Noe
street. _^__^^__
__ .. J
HOUSES — FOR SALE.
LODGING-HOUSES — Buyers, attention! We
have houses to suit you; values guaranteed;
money loaned, 2 per cent. SCHWEINHARD
A CO., room 2, 1007% Market st, near Sixth.
$3000— House of 16 rooms. 12 furnished; pays
from $70 to $75 a month; or will rent for $30
to responsible party. 113 Trenton St., bet.
Pacific and Jackson. Stockton and Powell sts.
19 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; always
rented; rent $30; on Mission st., near Sixth;
clears $50 per month; a bargain. Apply 969
Mission st.
IF you wish to buy lodging house, 100 of the
best bargains in city. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
HOWARD, 704. cor. 3d— Nice cor. house; good
location; full; cheap; account retiring.
$650 House 12 rooms; Van Ness near Grove.
Address box 1348. Call office.
■i| ' I
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$12 50 — 11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
CASTRO, 746— New house of 8 rooms; fine gar-
den; all the latest plumbing; rent reasonable.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
30 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 10 rooms; large garden and stable.
4 Colllngwood st.
LAGUN*A, 1717 and 1715—2 sunny modern
houses, each of 8 rms.; bath; newly papered.
2756 Twenty-third St., bet. York and Hamp-
shire; 6 rooms, bath, yard; latest improve-
ments; rent. $16.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
ln rear; newly painted, papered. 313*4 O'Far-
rell st., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms. 425 Fremont st. ; grand
view.
I
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished house in Western
Addition; 10 rooms and bath; large grounds,
handsome parlors and music room; to lease
for a year or more as residence; ten minutes'
walk to Kearny street. Address McGOWAN.
box 752, Call. v
HOUSES WANTED.
I WANTED— Lodging-house, 15 to 30 rooms. W.
M.. box 787, Call.
I
i
LOST AND FOUND.
BAG of money, somewhere on Market, bet. 4th
and 7th sts. Please return same to 602 14th
Bt. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— At Chutes, a fob marked "A. F. to
J. P., Sept. 24." Return 2117 Mason; reward.
LOST— silk umbrella, on October 12, 1599:
said umbrella bearing Initials "H. S. D."
Return to room 331 Phelan building and re-
ceive $5 reward.
$75— Ui-CARAT diamond ring; lost between
Del Monte saloon on Grant aye. and Popular
restaurant, Geary st. Return to 218 Post st.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $3. 942 Post St., between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 810
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
TO railway, mining or general contractors-
Employment wanted after November 1 by
man experienced In handling railway, car,
etc., and general or manufacturers' supplies;
competent to take charge of purchases and
distribution; experienced office manager and
correspondent and of legal education. Ad-
dress box 853, Call Office.
DRIFT gravel mines and partly developed
quartz mines for sale at low figures; may be
paid for out of proceeds; purchaser may deal
with owner direct; also placer ground open
to location. W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Sth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tei. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
GOOD typewriter; only $25; get sample of work.
L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES — and second for banks, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F., Cal.
FINE sealskin Jacket, perfectly new, latest
style, for $110; cost $200. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st., tei. Main 5088.
FOR SALE— Second-hand shaftings, pulleys,
hangers. 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS, 1613 Market st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118. Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, a locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
FOR sale— oak cabinet-maker's benches;
cheap. 1823 Fifteenth st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: oak;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission, near 15th.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SIX h. p. gasoline engine; also 15 h. p. portable
boiler, engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
ID-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cneap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. 648 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission!
BOILERS, engines. lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.; gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 73; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— hire, 100 flrst-class scraper team*
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold: tei. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st!
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomery st., upstairs
GOOD hunting dog and gun; must be cheao for
cash. IS East st. 77
OLD "gold, 5° dust, platinum and sliver
, bought. H. Landecker* Co.. 118 Montgom«r,MONEY' TO LOAN.
ANY amqur.t of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good recurity; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance en the purchase price we will
pay lt and carry the loan nr long as you de-
sire; avoid ted tape and publicity; see us firat;
you win be waited upon qutetlv and quickly
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
- gages, undivided Interests, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my ter:ns before doing business else-
*•!>■: R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY amount by private pa.rty on furniture and
Urv.^i , n .° removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory, bldg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. P., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays J
NOONAN. 1017 to 102S Mission at., above
_Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY preposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me $"X> to
$:C0,C00; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages :cstates In probate, undivided interests in
estate?, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C3S Markt.
LAW ar.d Loan Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
mor.ty on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits ln all courts on contingent
fees; employ able counsel. Legal advice fr»e
by mail or at office. 214 Pine st.. room 64.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
ta:n libera! advances on diamonds and lew-
V. ry at r , t , he , I,,>west rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Stcre 545 Market st.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
.urn. ture and pianos; r.o removal; any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Mont-
gomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
jewelry. MORRELL. 679 Examiner bylidtr.g.
MONEY to loan: quick: all oppositions: small
or .arge. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelrv, stock; low
rates. J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money or. dia-
monds. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried rcople on their notes
wit! lndorser. TOUSLE Y, 592 Parrott big.
IF your property Ib mortgaged and you need
mere -•--■:• MURPHY. STiO Market st.
MONEY" WANTED.
WANTED— $500 for 3 years at S per cent to sat-
isfy mortgage: ranch In Sonom* County. Box
746. Call office.
: ■ ——^^»^—»
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling gcod upright pianos for $5
cash and $5 per month, we ass you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchase I for ail cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO..
Steinway dealers, comer Kearny and Sutter
ats.. San Francisco, ar.d Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW bargains for this week.
Three organs. $70 up.
Steinway upright: flrst-class condition.
Steck; nearly new; walnut case.
5 squares. $40 ur: $4 per month.
Four rew Webers; reasonable offer accepted.
One Chlckering: mahogany case.
BENJ. CURTA2 A SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
ani prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DECKER &-♦ SON pianos are always best to
buy. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
$100, $150. $175, $20") or $250 WILL pay for a good
piano _t MAUVAIS', 7?9 Market St., if you
buy now.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYP.ON MATJZY. 808 Post st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal upright piano: cost $400;
neariy new. 1625 Webster, cor. Sutter st.
A FINE Steinway upright Kft by private party;
sacrificed. Room 12. Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano, cheap fofr cash.
Apply 246-) Market st., near Fifteenth.
PAROAIN-Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, a
McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up.
ror.ts. f2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis. ;
V,'. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., ag-mt for j
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianoa.
GOOD piano ln storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market St.
A— fv". '"FRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Eros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Hros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzv and other pianos. 3CS
Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
FUPETUOR rtollns. zithers, old and new. iT
MT I.LEU.. maker, r^palr^r. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. _2\— Handsome large ntore; cheap to
good tenant.
FOR rent or for lease. {<.">:? Howard «t.. laree
sf.re and larcre concrete t.nsemont.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARDrpupTfof~Cou"nt~StJ^serJ
main. CIG G^ary st., above Jones; classes;
o.ffice hours, l i,-. ■*; r . rr..: reading by mail. $1.
PERSON M.S.
YOUNG widower wishes acoualnt?.nce*~of a.
neat ycung Germar. Catholic lady who un-
derstands dressmaking and plays 'zither; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 755, Call office.
SLA UGHTER in unredeemed pledges, jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and Inter-
eat. CUT RAT] LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
LEDERER QULVTONICA hair tonic: a pow-
erful nourishment to weak and impoverished
hair: 35c bottle. G. LEDEBER. 12.1 Stockron.
IMPO P.TED HA IP. styles. halrdresBing.l2sc; I
shampooing. 50c; short hair, 25c; restoring
gray hair to natural color. Sl 50 to $5: bleach-
Ing roots %i hair. 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stkn.
JOHN L. BOONE. ] Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, at.d Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. I American and Foreign
Send for circular. I Pate: Solicited.
CARTENTER SHOP. m
Estimates furnished off all kinds of work,
roofing, etc. MUNRO & CO., tei. Jackson 629.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for'sults to order, $10 75; pants. $3 73;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Ca. 1644
Market at.. unSer St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
2"c to $i 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 ofi exhibition at
Palace of Art. 18 Post st. Ladles with escorts
admitted from S:3O p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
DR. C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office. 317 Powell st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold: send for him l 0 Sixth st.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. L«S7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
FRINGES, braids, beads and jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curios shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st.. nr. Cal.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Vertte
Parlors to 1140 Market: phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 GO up JENSEN & BATH. SOS Sixth >.t.
INCRUSTATION-New Invention fcr china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no frlc-
■ tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 3CO I 'St St.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 23S Kearny St.. first floor, rocms 2-3.
LACHMAN A CO .. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. IC4 Kearny st.
RUPTURE. piles cured; examination free.
Dr.- Mansfield A Porterfleld. 833 Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy at.
IF you wish, full value for your cast-off cloth- !
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarii : Dr. O din. 514 Pine, ab Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Install:-, L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and Sth.
ED— Old gold for manufa'ng. O. Volte.
Jeweler. 7". "Tarrell. bet. .■.-'.' A Mason.
" PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES^
FINEST ond fullest etock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary at.
~ PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021*4 Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
AT A M. SPECK & CO.'S.
GOOD INVESTMENTS.
$40,000— Grand Investment; vicinity of Mason
at.; rents $402.
$30,000— and 12 flats; rents $300; lot 50x
165 feet.
$14.000— Geary st., near Mason: store and
lodging-house.
$12,070— Mason St.. not far from Geary; 35-
-foot front.
$14.000— Three elegant flats of 9 rooms each:
rents $115; salt water: near Geary St.; down
town.
$10.500— New flats; very fine; rents $95.
$S.'oo— Market-et. flats; lot 30 feet front: a
snap.
STECK) Three grand new flats; rents $S0; near
well and Bush sts ; ail rented.
$5000— Calirornia St.; 3 Bats; rents $45.
$4750— Turk St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6500 : large lot.
$1750-Cozy 7-room house; lot 16x100 feet; nice
grounds; rent $16 50.
$2000— Two flats: rents $IS.
$650— Cosy new cottage: large lot.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 66,
Market st. J
COLE st.. No. 734; r.ew Park residence of I
rooms; up-to-date plumbing; street work all
done; all the mod Improvements; to be
seen to be appreciated. Apply on premises.
IF you have lots ncrth of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery J*.
TO help you buy a home— by advancing you
the necessary money— is the purpose of the
Acme Building and L an Association. 14 Peat.
$ISC0 — $14 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement,
bam. stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 4(9 Thirtieth st.
FOR sale— Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth: renting for $130 per month. See
Bew Drug Company, Alameda.
NEW house: must be removed account Santa
Fe railroad depot. 21 Bryant St., near Main.
CHICKEN ranch on San Bruno road; $300. Ap-
ply to MRS. GRAVES opp. Slx-mlle House.
HEAL ESTATE — For Sale
A PARTNER for a country merchant business:
a fine business location, with 168 acres of land
Included; $3000 for a 50-acre farm 2 miles
frcm Red Bluff, with a 4-room hcuse and
barn and 100 fruit trees; on easy terms. Box
m^. '■::;
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you worth $1500 to exchange for
nice Oakland lots? Box 770. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 1101. cor. 9th St.— Three front rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
BUSH. 633— Parlor floor unfurnished; 3 rooms;
gas and bath; large sunny rooms.
BUSH. J2C3— Three small back rooms furnished
for housekeeping; range and bath; rent $13.
CAPE 211— Front sunny furnished alcove suite,
with light housekeeping.
CLAY. 24111. in rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
CLARA, 166. near sth— 2 furnished rooms; $«;
L 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms.
EDDY. 604— 2 sunny furnished front rooms,
complete for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 348. near Market— Two sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping; private family.
ELEVENTH, 120—3 sunny furnished rooms;
modern conveniences: $15.
ELLIS Sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
FIFTH. 3.73— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting. $13; also single. J" to $7.
HARRISON, Two rooms • furnished com-
plete for housekpg; large yard: bath: rent $13. ;
HOWARD. 649—2 large rooms for housekeeping, )
with bath j
HYDE. B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; reference required.
LARKIN, 326 — Clean, sunny housekeeping)
apartments; $16 to $25 month: central.
MARTHA place, 2, off Geary, nr. Taylor— 2 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
MASON. -Nice sunny rooms; housekeeping
privilege: centrally located; price reasonable.
OAK. 116— Newly furnished bay window suite; j
single bay window room; use of kitchen;
gas; bath. j
SACRAMENTO. 1514, bet. Hyde and Larkin—'
Elegantly furnished large sunny front rooms:
also single: modern Improvements; light
housekeeping if desired.
SEVENTEENTH. 3739— Furnished or unfur- :
nished: housekeeping; ladles preferred; very" !
reasonable.
TEHAMA. 47?— 512: 3 sunny furnished front !
rooms, kitchen; complete for housekeplng. j
THlRD, 3l6— Housekeeping rooms, single or ln j
suite.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny j
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at th» j
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- |
tucky sts. Open •ill 9 p. m.
A BRANCH ... Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va- ;
lencia St.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfurn. !
AN up-to-date now flre-proof building— I
Antonio"; opening Oct H; electric elevator;
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates; j
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14$ Sixth— Rooms, ;
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open ail night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.— '
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms SOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second st.. double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3: single, $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 6uc.
BOHEMIA, 233 Post— Sunny corner suits and
single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen
and families; elevator; special rates to trav-
eling men.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1264)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. I
BUSH, 1124— Sunny rooms; $£, $10; bath, grate,
running water; grounds.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate !
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offlces.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 106 (Golden State House)— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms. 50c per day up; $1 50
to $6 per week; centrally located.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms: $150 week up; elevator day and night.
ELEVENTH. M6&— A furnished room to
woman only: $3 per month.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooma. 25c :
a night. 51 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS. 608 — Nice sunny rooms, back and front; I
reasonable; tents preferred.
ELLIS. 51S— Large sunny rooms, single or en
bulte; everything new.
ELLIS. 607— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; de-
sirable location; rates reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1107. Flat B-Slngle front room: pri- i
vate family; rent $« per month; gentlemen
only.
GEARY. 405 (The Comfortable -furn. !
rooms; traveler-- accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. 1945— Beautiful furnished front room;
opp. park; also housekeeping rooms; reason-
able; references.
GOLDEN GATE iv*.. 1529—3 nice" rooms, with
carpet, pantry, bath, and water free; $14.
GRAND SOUTHERN— cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite of ■
alngle: ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrlson-Pleaaant
sunny room; board optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. , 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric "lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third-Newly renovated-
-25c to 50c per night: $1 60 to $3 per week.
MARKET, 1035— Elegantly ful^lsh^d sunny I
front rms.; mod, cony.; best location in city. '
McALLISTER. 465— Nicely fuml~sheJT~sTmivy
rooms; suitable for gentlemen; private fam.
McALLISTER. 702H-Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth-Newly fum7s"hed
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1150— Nice sunny rooms; good IoJJTJ
tion; quiet and homelike.
MISSION, Large sunny room, with grate-
suitable for 2 gentle:.
MISSION. 1220— Sunny suite of rooms; running
water and grate; also one alcove.-
NATOMA. 665— 2 rooms suitable for two gentle-
men; for housekeeping If desired.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single, $5 up; also hkpg.
OAK. — Nicely furnished sunny room; pri-
vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 321— Nice sunny rooms, single or
en suite: gas. bath, modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL, 504— Nice Sunny rooms, single or !
en suite; all modern conveniences.
SECOND, 50$, near Bryant— A large front room
with grate; bath; hot and cold water; suit-
able for two. '..;.-.>-.".
SEVENTH. 3, near Market— furnished
single rooms, Jl up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
ROOMS TO — Furn. and Unfnrn.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth at.,*
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TENTH. 123. near Mafket— Small light room;
running water; rent $3.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. P.. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. 303— Housekeeping rocms. $2 per week;
also single rooms for men; $1 per week.
TURK, $36— Elegant sunny rooms; private fam-
ily; all modern conveniences: ref. required.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AVANTED.
BY elderly man: sunny room; fireplace and
transom; private family (Protestant pre-
ferred); near Market st.. bet. 4th and 6th;
about $6; permanent if suitable. Box 736, Call.
WANTED— 2 light sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished, for lady with little boy; must be
in Al neighborhood, with flrst-clas3 sur-
roundings; use of bath. Bex 552. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng ■■ • lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~~* SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Marls Klp
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphans ami half orphan girls from
July 1 to October 1, i>' ! o: Fiances G. U -
Kewen. aged 9 years; Leila Marlon G. Keyse.
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years:
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home ln confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer. mid-
wife, 2012 lsom. r.r. 16th: phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: '-1. 5520.
~ STORAGE AND AVAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 23.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tei. Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots; also 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday, Oct. 21, at 2 p. m. Do not fail to at-
tend this «ale, as most of the places are to be
sold by order of the court. Particulars In
next week's papers. Send for Illustrated cata-
logue. See advertisement in Chronicle. Sale
_.■ J. A. MUNRO & CO.'B Auction House, 1517
and 1719 Park st., Alameda.
AT station— New 8-room cottage; all Improve-
ments and street work; $300 cash, $30 per
month. J. H. YOUNG, owner, 1243 Park st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
I :ted States, postpaid, for "1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 3th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY* REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms: large
lot: on the sunny side of street: only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postoffice,
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university-
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
LIVE under your own vine and fig tree; a
lovely home of 7 rooms: all modern Improve-
" ments; near to cars and university: lot 50x135.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining P.
0.. Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BERKELEY HOI -1 TO LET.
FOR rent. in desirable location, house of nine
rocms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ALDEN CO. are building several houses; call
at office: we will show plans and change to
suit buyer and sell on easy terms, etc Office
HIS Broadway.
$3500— NEW house, 7 rooms, just commenced:
corner Twenty-second and Webster sti.; 5
minutes' walk to narrow gauge; terms to
suit A. J. SAMUEL & CO., 468 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
SACRIFICED— elegant new houses In course
of construction on 23d St., bet. Grove and
West: all modern Improvements: street work,
sidewalks done; small payment down; balance
monthly If desired; houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 20th.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
j.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 (25c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY, October 20, 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 2 (25c per
share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
and after MONDAY, October 16. 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM House. San Francisco. Cal..
Oct. 3. 1899. Notice— Certain goods remain-
ing in Bonded Warehouse one year will be
sold at public auction at the United States
Appraisers' Store on the *"sth of October,
ISO?, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Descriptive catalogues can be had at the
Custom House on October 19. 1539. or at time 1
and place of sale.
J. P. JACKSON. Collector .
IN the Superior Court of the city and county !
of San Francisco, State of California. In the I
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM- 1
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for '
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Is j
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex- !
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city and county of !
San Francisoo. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city ana county of San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a judgment of dissolution of said corporation, |
and that MONDAY. November 13. 1899. at 10
O'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. in the City Hall of the!
city and county of San Francisco, have been I
appointed as the day. time and place for the j
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1599.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal ■
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Office
Chief Commissary. San Francisco, Cal., Oct.
IG. ■■'j. Sealed proposals for furnishing and
delivering fresh beef and mutton will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island. Angel Island*, Benicia Bar-
racks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francis-
co and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m., November 16. 1599. and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for fresh beef and :
mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at post to be supplied. H.
. J. GALLAGHER. Major. Chief Commissary.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
j Building, San Francisco, Cal., September '.2.
Sealed proposals for erecting double
draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end |
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Frultvale .
aye.. near Alameda. Cal.. will be received !
here until 12 o'clock noon, November 14. 1899. |
Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEUER, Major Engineers. 1
BIETHS—MABRIA&ES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BRUSE— In this city. October 15, 1599, to the
wife of B. F. Bruse, a daughter.
~~ MARRIED.
SILVA— In this city. October 15. 1899,
by Rev. John A. B. Wilson. Joseph A. Sllva
and May Nunes, both of Niles, Cal.
SULLENGER— ETCHELLS— In this city. Octo-
ber 15. 1899. by Rev. John A. B. Wilson. Mar-
shall Sullenger and Minnie Etchelis, both of
San Jose, Cal.
, died! "
Beersman Wm. H. Lafferty. Capt. John
Born, Amelia Little, Alfred J.
Br l-man. Henry W. Logan. Catherine
Brown, Sophia Markley. Charles H.
Fahlbusch. 'Wllhelm Moore. Robert
Fletcher, Stephen Murphy, John C.
Gannon, John Ravano. Angelo
' Giblln. William . Ross, Kate J.
Hale. Lucy L. Smiley, Jefferson D.
Henas, Amelia L ■ Streuli. Florian B.
Hentzell, Sarah B. Walsh. James J. ,
Johnson, Charles Whitney, Dr. Mary
Kadnagh, Dora Trampleasure, T. E.
King, Catherine
BEERSMAN— this city, about October 7,
1599, Willam Henry Beersman, beloved brother
of H. A. Beersman, a native of Germany,
aged 29 years.
BORN— In this city, October 13, 189?, Amelia,
dearly beloved daughter of Conrad and Mar-
garethe Born, and sister of Emma, Lena and
Albert Born a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 9 months and 14 days.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at I:3o 'o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 54 Clementina street, between
First and Second, thence to St. Paul's Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419 How-
ard street, between Tenth and Eleventh,
where funeral services will be held commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock.- Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
BROCKMAN— In this city. October 15. 1599, at
| St. Mary's Hospital, Henry W., beloved son
of M. C. and Margaret Brockman, and
brother of W. H., Edward and John Brock-
man and M. H. Gltnden and the late Ange-
line C. Brockman, a native of California,
aged 24 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BROWN— In this city, October 14, .1893, Sophia
Brown, a native of Sweden, aged 73 years.
FAHLBUSCH— In this city. October 15. 1899,
Wllhelm Fahlbusch, dearly beloved husband
of Minna Fahlbusch, and father of George C.
and William H. Fahlbusch and the late Min-
nie L. Eastwood, and grandfather of Clara
Eastwood and Minnie and Walter Fahlbusch,
a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 220 Lobos street. Ocean View.
FLETCHER— In Alameda. • October 13. 1899.
Stephen Fletcher, a native of Bristol. Eng-
land, aged 75 years 1 month and 6 days.
- ciyFuneral services at Christ Church. Ala-
meda, this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock.
Interment private.
GANNON— In San Rafael. October 13, 1899, John
Gannon, a native of New York, aged 71 years.
6_TFrlend» are* respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Edward Eden.
Interment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery, San
Rafael. ■ • _f
GIBLIN— In this city. October 14. 1599, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Amanda Giblln, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
78 years. A member of Sodality of St. Igna-
tius Church. (Folsom, Cal., papers please
copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 110 Ninth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Fourteenth and
Mission streets. Please omit flowers.
HALE— In this city. October 13, 1899. Lucy L..
beloved wife of John J. Hale and mother of
W. J., Marcellus L.. Elmer 8.. Grace L.,
Milton E. and the late Johnnie M. Hale, a
nat : of California, aged 53 years.
HENAS— Oakland. October 15. 1899. Ame-
lia Isabelle, beloved daughter of I. and Emily
Henas. and sister of Joseph, Louisa and
Mary Henas an! Mrs. M. Dias of Elmhurst.
Mrs. M. Henas and Mrs. M. Seba of Sun
Leandro, a native of Oakland, aged 20 years
and 3 days.
HENTZELL— this city, October 14. 1890,
Sarah E.. beloved wife of John W. Hentzell.
and mother of Frank E. Hentzell. a native of
Canton, Ohio, aged 43 years 5 months and 22
days.
CTFrinr.d? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew ,v English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. October 15, ' 1 5 99.
Charles, beloved husband of Kate Johnson,
and father of <7harles and Harry Johnson, a
native of Norway, aged 63 years.
SCyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at V?" o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 15 Clyde street, off Townsend, between
Third and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose 0? his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KADNAGH— In Oakland. October 14. 1899. Dora.
beloved daughter of Edward J. and the late
Catherine Kadnagh, and sister of Mary and
Nellie Kadnagh, a native of San Francisco,
aged IS years.
ETy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 918 Henry' street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn, requiem mass
will be celebrated at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
KING— In this city, October 14. 1899, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late William King, and
mother of Mrs. N. L. Landrum and Tillle
King, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged
6S years 1 month and 2S days. .
U^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 13 Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LAFFERTY— this city, October 15, 1899. Cap-
tain John Lafferty, husband of Ella J. Laf-
ferty. father of Frederick' S., John L., Grace
and Harriet M. Lafferty, and stepfather of
Grace Culbertson, a native of Utica, N. V.,
aged 64 years 1 month and 22 days.
ICyNoti.-e of funeral hereafter.
LITTLE— In this city. October 14. 1599, Ser-
geant Alfred J. Little, Battery A. First Cali-
fornia v (tears, beloved brother of Mrs.
Andrew Wilkie. Mrs. W. E. Price, Mrs. Hor-
ace Jones of Sacramento. Mrs. A. W. Stuart
of Chicago, Jennie and Walter J. Little and
the late Francis W. Little, a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years.
__7_TFrlcnda and acquaintances are respect-
full invited to attend the funeral th: day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Andrew Wilkie, 433 Oak street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city, October 15. 1893, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John W. Logan, and
mother of John W.. James. Bernard, Peter,
Katie and the late Francis P. Logan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 55 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Twenty-fourth and Kentucky streets,
thence to St. Teresa's Church. Potrero, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARKLEY— In this city, October 14. Charles
11.. beloved son of Charles H. and the late
Jennie Markley, and brother of Jennie M.,
Fossie 8.. Helen and Harold Markley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 4
months.
U :IE-Jn the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 15, 1899. Robert Moore, a native of Ire-
land, aged 56 years.
MURPHY— In Oakland, October 15, 1899. John
C. Murphy, beloved husband of Eva Murphy,
i ,and son of Sarah and the late William Mur-
phy and brother of Mrs. Frank Madden and
I the late Daniel Murphy, a native of Boston,
Mass . aged 35 years and 10 months. .
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
I of his mother. 215 Sixth street, thence to St.
Frances de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
RAVANO— In. thia city, October 14, 1599. An-
gelo Ravano, dearly beloved husband of Rosa
Ravano, father of Baoci, August and An-
gelo Ravano Jr., and brother of Lulsl Ra-
vano, a native of Italy, aged 48 years. A
member of the Garibaldi Guard.
Cry The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, northeast corner of Nineteenth and
Diamond streets, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage. Please
on It flowers.
ROSS— In this city. October 14. 1899, Kate J ,
beloved wife of John Ross, and sister of Mrs.
J Windrow, a native of San Francisco, aged
44 years. A member of La Estrella Parlor
No. 89, N. D. G. Wi, and Liberty Circle No.
ISO. Companions of the Forest. (Bristol, Eng-
land/papers please copy.) ' ■ .■
(_y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
!... T -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan *■ Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
IS Fifth at., opposite' Lincoln School.
Telephone South SA
N. F. Dethlefaen. . Chaa. H. Jacob
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Dlrectora and Embalmers. 21S
Mason street, bet. Geary 'and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main 5213.
McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS -EMBALMERS.
1235 Market at., between Sth and 9th.
Telephone South 247. A
dence, 110 Ninth atreet. thence to the Church
of the Advent, Eleventh street, between Mar-
ket and Mission, for services commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
____£*■
OFFICERS and members "of La Estrella Par-
lor No. 89. N. D. G. W. : You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late sister,
Mrs. Kate Ross, from 110 Ninth street, this
day (Monday), at 1 o'clock.
A. MAUNDER. Secretary.
SMILEY— In this city, October 16, 1899. Jeffer-
son Davis Smiley, beloved husband of Anna
Helen Smiley, aged 38 years _ months and
27 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
STREULI— In East Berkeley, October 13. 1899,
Florian Bertran Streuli, beloved son of Wil-
liam A. and Mathilda Streuli, a native of
East Berkeley, aged 2 months and 3 days.
CyFuneral this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from the foot of Market street. Pri-
vate. ' Interment Masonic Cemetery".
TRAMPLEASURE— In this city. October 15,
1899. Thomas Edward, beloved son of Mrs.
H. R. Harrison and the late Albert M. Tram-
pleasure, and brother of Lizzie Trampleasure
and nephew of Mrs. Edward Case, a native
of San Francisco, aged 9 years 7 months and
C days.
WALSH— In this city, October 13. 1599, James
J., dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Walsh, and beloved father of James, Joseph,
Flora. Emily and Frank Walsh and Mrs. M.
Rottanzl, a native of New York, aged 62
years 6 months and 13 days.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2504 Bryant street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
WHITNEY— In this city. October 14. 1899. Dr.
Mary Whitney of East Oakland, wife of S. S.
Whitney.- and mother of W. J. Whitney and
Mrs. C. S. Haley. - (Minneapolis and St. Paul
papers please copy.)
CyThe funeral services will be held this
day (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the
chapel of the crematory, Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
Weather Report.
O2oth Meridian— Pacl3c Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 15. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 5* Fan Diego 72
Fresno 60 Sacramento 62
• Los Angeles ........ 68 (independence 5S
: Red Bluff 65 Tuma -.. 72
! San Luis Obispo... 66!
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 5"; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen steadily over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over
Utah there has been a rise of over three
tenths of an Inch In the past twenty-four
hours. The temperature has risen slowly over
California and Southern Oregon.
Rain is falling on the Pacific Coast from the
mouth of the Columbia River northward. It
j may extend as far south as Cape Blanco by
morning and Cape Mendocino by Monday af
! ternoon.
I A maximum wind velocity of thirty-six miles
' per hour from the southeast is reported at
Fort Canby.
Snow is falling at Salt Lake City and Lan
j der.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
I hours, ending midnight October 16:
For Northern California— Monday, ex
j cept rain on extreme northern coast, north
; erty changing to southeasterly wind.
For Southern California— Fair Monday; light
• northwesterly wind.--.
For Nevada— Cloudy Monday; warmer In the
; northeastern portion.
For.-Utah— Rain or snow Monday; warmer.
For Arizona— Fair Monda;-.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Mon
day: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
♦ »
Sun, Moon and Tide.
* ■ *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
• thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and \<tK waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort .Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column give the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounc ngs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
S> " " *
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
■►— - «
Shipping Intelligence.
♦—— ■ ♦
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 15.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, 5 hours from
! Amesport.
. Stmr Tillamook. Anflndsen, 15 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Bonita, Burchard. 11 hours from Moss
Landing. > •'
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 61% hours from San
Diego. ."
Br stmr Westminster. Petrie, 31 days from
Newcastle, Australia
Br atmr Gaelic. Finch, 29 days 15 hours and
30 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS
days IS hours and 17 minutes, via Honolulu 6
days IS hours and 12 minutes.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson. 86 hours from Na
na! mo. •_
Bark Levi G. Burgess. Youngren, 5 days from
Tacoma. ■' f
• Schr Metha Nelson, Rice, 2 days from Eureka.
Schr Mary C. , Madsen, 8 hours from Bodega.
Schr Archie A Fontie, Jensen. 24 hours from
Stewarts Landing.
6chr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing. SAILED.
SAILED.
'••':**.-..- Sunday, October 15.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival. Johnson,. — — .
Stmr Coos Bay. Smith. San Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart, Eureka
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria.
Haw stmr Barracouta, Robinson, Panama.
Ship Louis Walsh. Gammons. Tacoma. ft,"
Haw bark Santiago. Engalls. Hllo.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nyman, Coos Bay. - :-■'=:■-".■
' Schr Mary F. Russ. Wlkender. Grays Harbor.
Schr J. D. Tallant, Hoffland. Port Gamble.
Sohr Eva, Ramselius, Ereka.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar, In tow of stmr
Cleone. ■-.■:.-• --'----■ -*"_>'^.' ' "»•*' -*'"
- • TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 15—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind northwest ;, velocity. 14 miles. ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct Schr
Bender Bros, and schr Corinthian, for San
Francisco. ...
PORT LOS ANGELES— Oct 15— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
COOS Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Ruth,
hence Oct 12; schr James A. Garfield, hence
Sept tt.
i ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Alliance,
from COOS Bay. Sailed— Oct 15 Br ship Queen
Adelaide, for ; stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Sunol. hence
Oct 11; stmr Weeott, hence Oct 13: schr Occi
dental, hence Oct 4. Sailed— Oct 15— Stmr
Brunswick, for San Frauds
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOlPL*— Arrived Oct I— Schr Honolpn,
hence Sept 14.
MAHUKON A— Arrived Oct Brig Consuelo,
hence Sent 14.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 3— Schr Endeavor,
from Ludlow;. bktn Eureka, from Tacoma. Oct
4— Schr Transit, hence Sept 15. Oct 13— Br stmr
Coptic, hence Sept 29; 0 S stmr Centennial,
hence Sept 27. Oct 7— U S stmr Sheridan, hence
Sent 30; Br stmr .Gaelic, from Yokohama.
; Sailed— Oct 3— Haw stmr Aztec, for Manila.
i Oct 4— T' S stmr Sherman, for Manila. Oct 5—
j U S stmr Relief, for Manila- bktn Wm. H. Dl
' mond, for Pan Francisco. Oct 6—l' S stmr
■ Grant, for Manila: Br stmr Coptic, for Yoko
| hams. Oct 7— U S stmr ,'acoma, for Manila.
To sail— Oct Schr Olea, tor Townsend. Ar
rived—Oct 7— Schr Honolpu, from Honolpu.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr La Gas
cogne. from Havre; rtmr Maasdam, from Rot
terdam: stmr Menominee, from London.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Oct 15-Stmr
i Waesland. from Liverpool.
j QUEENST Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct Stmr Bar
bossa, from New York, for Bremen.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
fs^ Steamers leave Broadway
I^TSWi*— wharf. San Francisco.
ls£«Sg__a For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m-.
«|_LJM^ Oct. 3, S, 13. IS, 23, 2S; Nov.
J B__3SS^B_a '• change at Seattle.
3 _^sj^s_3 yMI For Victoria, Vancouver
♦ __£_Vfl<<2@3tl <B - C -> " Port Townsend. Se-
i»^"^^^^^^H attle. Tacoma. Everett. An.»-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 i.. m.. Oct. 3, S.
13, 18. 23, 23: Nov. i. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
0. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry- _.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct.
6. 11. 16. 21. 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth
day thereafter.
Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Plmeon.
1 Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Oct. 3, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31;
Nov. 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo 'Los Aneeles) 11 a.
m.. Oct. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every
; fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
: Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. 7--'' '■'..
For further Information obtain a folder.
The comnany reserves the right to chanre
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and henrs of palline.
TICKET OFFICE —_ New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
TRE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 1" a. m.
C 8 0C S>2 First Class Including Berth
rflnt 88 Second Class And Meals.
I COLUMBIA Oct. 20. 30; Nov. 9. 19. 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all oolnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAHIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday.' 10 a. m. •
St Paul Oct. is! St. Paul Nov. 8
New York Oct. 25- New York Nov. :5
St. Louis Nov. I St. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Ant wero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
-vTe?tern!and ...Oct. ISi Frlesland Nov. I
' Kensington Oct. 25! Southwark Nov. 15
Nordland Nov. li Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
! For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
1 INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
r.er or First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
. Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
j connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
' of sailing.
AMERICA-MAR- Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU..Wednesday. November 1
j NIPPOX-MARU Saturday. November 25
Round-trip . tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
411 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE OSNERALE TRANSATLANTIQtTE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _&<_*«
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4t3jTT_J>
Saturday, from November 2. 1399. at Kl '"A= ?
i 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
I Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 3: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov, 16: LA GASCOGNE, Nov. 23; LA.
TOURAINE. Nov. 30: LA BRETAGXE. Dec. 7.
! Flrst-class to Havre, $50 and upward; 5 per
j cent reduction on round ■trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45; 5 per cent reduction on round trip
: GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
j AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
I ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
i cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
i Francisco.
.
PfPSafißegl The S. S. Australia
_»s*2_!i satis for Honolulu
IC*"*"*^ Wednesday. October
™ <* IS. at 2p. m.
7>r- I* > S. S. Moana sails
ffiimSniniJ v,a Honolulu and
IHIIIIJIIiV Auckland for Sydney
<&?i?milk- Wednesday. Nov. 1,
lywuviiuq at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sue*,'
i England, etc.; 1610 first class.
J. D. SPSECKELS ■__ BROS. CO., Ants., fl4 Montgomery
' Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market SL
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., %
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
' Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 500
7 _ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Feßpute
1 — ny,*;
■vWV _y I 9 Z_r CiT *
Wi ft cf^fAi-aumjt&ava
;,] i " " ' l la.PAsa
I [Jjp CLOSMtCELtik 'PHCENIJB
IM~^ '.'-.■
/^Ir^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
" THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 5 30 PM.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am|510:10 ami Stockton I t3:40 pmj 6:00 pm
8:10 am J 2:05 pml Merced tl2:10 pm; 4:13 pm
10:40 am j 5:35 pml Fresno | t9:00 ami 2:42 pm
11:18 am; I 7:45 pml Hanford / t7:00 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm, |12:30 am Bakerafleld 51:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am I 16:25 pml Visalia I 15:20 am 1:23 ym
12:15 piai 16:53 pm Tulare | |4:25 am|*l.-05 pm
•Dally. Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 628 Market at.;
Tel. Main 153 L
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J st
1 San Jose Office. 1 West Santa Clara it. "'
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY
AUCTION SALE
fg»^ @?^ _^^, - £&
Tuesday at 11 o'clock at the
ORMONDE SALE STABLES,
1517-1519 MISSION STREET.
Between Eleventh and Twelfth,
Of choice, sound, well broke young horses
just from the country. We will be pleased to
hitch and show the above stock In harness any
time up to day of sale.
S. WATKINS & CO., Auctioneers.
N. B.— Sales of horses direct from the coun-
try every Tuesday at 11 a. m.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
GRAND ART AUCTION THIS EVENING
at 7:30 at 414 McALLISTER ST.. of European
and Japanese Art Goods, Curios and Rugs.
Chairs provided.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■•-Taunt* I>AtI»I4 *:omi»ajit.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains) leave iiikl »■-« tine to nrrlra n't
KAN I'KANCISI O.
(Main Line, Foot cf Market Street)
: .. .
LEAVE — Fr.im OCTOBEK 15, 1539. — arrive
•TjOOa. Benicia, Suisiin and Sacramento.... *T:lsp
•7:OOa MarvsviH-.. i'r..il!: via Woodland,
Elmira. VacavilL and Lucia- v •7:4|.'ip
: •7:OOA Shasta Expi bs— Sana widows.
Bed BlulT, Portland *7:t_r
i •7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatg:-. ami Santa Ross *«:15r
I »S:OOa Tho Overland Limited—
Omaha. Chicago *3itSr
' 'SiIIOa San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Plicerrille,
Marys* Chico, Bedßlafl »4:«t»r
j •8:30 a •Milton, Oakdaluacl Sonora MtlSp
! •0:OOa II iy.-. litis, Biles and Way Stations. *I I:4Ba
i •9:0Oa Atlantic Impress— Ogden and East *Dj43a
•9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced end Fresno. *li«:I3r
•ViOOa Fresno, Uak rstield, Santa Barbara,
Loa Aogeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East *G: 1 5
, »10:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations •7:15?
' «1 1 :00 a Haywards, Niius and Way Stations. »2:15p
■I*£:OOm Nil --, l.:-...r:i ■ r.', Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrtervillo «4:isr
i fl:OOp Sacramento' Hirer Steamera t"i:o(>p
•3:00p Haywards, Nil. Band Way Stations. •3:4.1p
1 •4: OOp Martinez, Sao Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Cdlintosa. Santa Itoaa 'Wit 3a
1 •4:OOr Benicia, Vacaville, Sacraniento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Manavllle, Oroville »10:43 a
•4:3»p Niles, San .loaoaud Stockton «7:a3i>
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Fresno.
Bakersfield. Saugus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles *»:43\.
•3:30? Stockton, Merced, Fresno •12:l.lp
•3:31»P Martinez, Tata, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Loa Angeles *8:43 a
•3iSOp Santa Fo ltoute — Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East *6:43p
•6:00p Haywarda, Niles and San Jose *7i43a
f«:3op Vallejo aiSzlSr
•0:3 Or Oriental Mail— len and East '8-.39P
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions.... :.... J9:33r
•8:03p Oregon and California Kinross. Nnc-
luiiieiiti), Marysville, lleddlng,
Portland. l---^.- v.. -■-■ .' and Past »8:13 a.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Oaajga).
* (Foot ct Market Street.)
•8:13 a Neoarfr,t>nter«Ulc,BanJoee,Pettoß,
Boulder (.'reck, Santa aud Way
Stations •3j»««'
f2:l3p Newark, Centcrrille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, felton, li older Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations I»:.1«a
•4:a3p Newark, San Jose, Les (latos *»:20a
611:101' Hnnters 1 Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations t~ ; 20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlH FHIKCISCO — root or .'^trkst Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:05 •2:00 13:C3
•t:C3 |6:Cfl -c::i'.m.
freaUiKUSD-roolofßrcsaai.tT.— *C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:C3 1::: t::C3 *3::-3 ti::o 'S^Oi-.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iantre).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
t(i:10A Ocean Vie*-, South Han Francisco.. t«:3or
•7:OOa San Jo.-c ami Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) *»l:*Or
•9:OOa ha- JoaO, Tres Pinos, Santa Crux,
Pacifio Orote, Paso Bobles, Han
Luis Ohispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations *4:aOr>
•IO:40a Sail Joes and Way Stations *«:33.v
•I1»«Oa San Jose and Way Stations *5:30p
t fi:43pSan Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Tree Pinos. Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove tl«:3«A
t3-.30p San .lose and Way Stations *7:B(>p
4l:tsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations "J-.-ISa
43:00p sau Josa and Principal Way Statlona t'J:O«»A
•3:30p Sau Jose and Principal Way Station* *S:3.'sa
■6:30p San Jos and Way Stations t»:t»*»A
H1:43l- San .lose- ami Way Stations *~:3Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
I 'Daily. t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.'
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot olf Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS- 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a . m. : 13:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15, j -
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:W am Novato, 10:40 am- 8:40 am
3:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm': 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
In.
wr. 10:25 am
Healdsburg 1 ,
Lytton.
I Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
i:2O am ! Hopland and - -
t S:3oam Ukiah. 7:35 pm, 6:22 pra
.»,
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm[
.3:30 pm | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am' 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm: 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ) 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska^ss
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
I land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
; Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
! port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
. Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
! Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville.
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
! Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion. Little River,
I Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
I estport, I'sai. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cam-
| ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
' Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACiFIC BOAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ■ ISS9.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '9:30, 11:00 a. m.; »1:45.
•3:40. 5:15, 6-00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San a -
-1 tael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 8:86 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:30 a. m.; 'Lis
3:15. »4:45. 6:30. 9.00 p. m.
! Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6:35. 7:45, *9:40 a. m
i 12-.30. 2:15, *3:40. »5:15 p. m.
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
1 Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. . »S:00, '10:00. '11:45 a. m.;
- *1:40. »3:15. 4:45, '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
. FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:35, 2:35. 3:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and.
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:15, 1:30,
: 6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS. >-*<•--. 7
1:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and -ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
taOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Keusallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and. 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agta.. 621 Market at.
/*"""Sk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fllirJi ( '-'" )KFARXY %,r Established
&ln fs&'Si In l-*** 34 fur the treatment of Private
JaiK /Bw Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MB*£m«&% disease wearing on body and mind and
w^HH|Bb Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
'^3MFS <"bers fall. Try him. Charges low.
BSBHHi('i»'r>:oaranleed. Callornrite.
Or. J, _'. ULiilUt X. Box 1057, San Francisco.
910
ARMSTRONG TO EXPLAIN
PAINTING CONTRACTS
Conlon's Agent, Freeman Lewis,
Awarded All the Jobs,
Hundreds of Dollars' Worth of Work Done,
but No Proposals Were Invited.
Bills Split to Come Within
the Limit.
SCHOOL DIRECTOR ARMSTRONG,
chairman of the Buildings and
Grounds Committee of the Board of
Education, has climbed up on the
anxious seat with Messrs. Gedge
and Conlon, and together the three
are cooling their heels awaiting the result
of this week's investigations by the Fin
ance Committee. Up to the present time
Armstrong has been sadly neglected by
that body. Official scrutiny has been di
rected solely to the accounts of Gedge and
Conlon, but in the light of recent develop
ments Armstrong's case demands inquiry,
and it will be attended to this week un
less the plans of tho committee are un
expectedly changed.
It has been the case with all School
Boards that have brought forth scandals
of ample proportions that there was a
close and profitable connection between
the heads of the Supplies and Buildings
a.".d Grounds Committees. Profits that ac
crued to either Job would not be worth
the working if this were not the case. It
is. in fact, largely the duty of the chair
man of the Buildings and Grounds Com
mittee to create the necessity for the
paint and lumber and things the chairman
of the Supplies Committee subsequently
contracts for with his favorite contractor.
From all the information before the
Finance Committee there is good reason
to believe that the present board is proving
no exception to the honored custom. In
fact Conlon confessed as much when he
threatened to take Armstrong on a little
trip "up the bay" if he persisted in his
Intention to vote for the demand for his
resignation. Attention was first called to
the connection between Armstrong and
Conlon by a bunch of "phoney" bills for
painting filed by Freeman Lewis, the
painter. The claims were for painting
done on four schools, the Mission Gram
mar, John Swett. Clement and Horace
Mann. There were three bills against
each school. The Mission Grammar was
charged with $195, $185 and $55; the John
Bwett with $70, $180 and $190: the Clement
with $65, $1M and $193; the Horace Mann
with JISO, $190 and $65. The bills were sus
pected the moment they came before the
Finance Committee, and a little inquiry
developed the fact that although they
were divided into three Installments, in
each case they actually represented but
one job of painting, and that no proposals
for the work had been Invited by Arm
strong, notwithstanding it i? a rule of the
board that the chairman of the Building
and Grounds Committee shall authorize
no work in excess of $200 without con-'
tractlng for it. There were no deductions
necessary. Armstrong was convicted by
SOUGHT DEATH
AS SOLACE FOR
MANY SORROWS
Miss Nora Sheean At-
tempted Suicide.
Having left her home owing to family
troubles, caught up by the whirlpool of
vice in a big city, downcast at her fate
and fearing the future, Nora Sheean, j
daughter of Timothy Sheean of the Mare
Island Navy Yard, attempted suicide in
this city Saturday night by means of car
bolic acid. The unfortunate girl is scarce
ly IS years old, and according to the state
ment of Mrs. H. M. McEwen of 153 Third
etreet, who formerly lived in Vallejo and
has known the girl from childhood, her
downfall is due entirely to the unhappi
ness of her home surroundings. The girl
decided some weeks ago to come to this
city and take a course at a business col
lege, intending to secure a position and
earn her own living independent of her
parents.
She visited Mrs. McEwen frequently
Fince her arrival here, and looked to her
for Counsel and advice. She -called upon
her friend Friday night, and at that time I
__.-._ . _ •
ADVERTISEMENT S.
(pleura
REMEDIES
THE SET
$1.25
Consisting of CUTICURA
SOAP, for the bath, CU-
TICURA (ointment), for
the skin, CUTICURA
RESOLVENT, for the
blood, is often sufficient
to cure the most tortur-
ing, disfiguring, and hu-
miliating skin, scalp,
and blood humors, with
loss of hair, when all else
fails.
CUTICURA SYSTEM OF TREATMENT.—
CtrTiouKA Resolvknt purifies the blood and
circulating fluids of Humor Gsiims, and thus
removes the cau*t, while warm baths with Cun-
DURA Soap, and gentle anointings with Cpticcb*
(ointment), the great skin care and purest of
emollients, cleanse the skin and scalp of crusts
and scales, allay Itching, burning, and inflamma-
tion, soothe.and heal. Thus are speedily, perma-
nently, and economically cured the most tortur-
ing, disfiguring humors of the skin, scalp, and
blood, with locs of hair, when the best physicians
and all other remedies fail.
Bold throußhcut the world. CuncrßA Boap, Kc.i
Coticcka (ointment). We.i Ccticcba Rrsolvsht. fiOC.
sn'i »;. PoTTSS Oiro iss CnEM. Cowr., Sole Prop*.,
Boeton. " How to Care Torturing Skin DlaeaMS," free.
SAVE YOUR SKir^ D tv^ r 8 &. Ml
| the facts, and there the matter was al
i lowed to drop, although Lewis' bills were |
held up and are still unpaid upon the rec- i
ommendation of George Walker, the ex
pert, who investigated the work.
Later, however, the discovery was made I
that Freeman Lewis was being awarded :
all of the painting in the department, and \
was acting simply as an agent for Di- j
rector Conlon. It was further found that
all of the paint used by Lewis was the ;
I product of Yates & Co., and that Conlon's !
paint shop on Golden Gate avenue was
stocked with the same goods. It was also
developed that Conlon was the "success- j
ful bidder" on all contracts with the last '
Board of Education, and, like Lewis in the
present case, was the official repairer, and
even then used the Yates paint. The fur
ther significant discovery was made that i
it was Conlon's custom at that time to
Bplit his bills and avoid the necessity of
entering into contracts at a required low
er price, in precisely the manner Lewis i
was pursuing with the present board.
Then the Investigation was reopened and
Armstrong was charged by Conlon with
having overspent his allowance without !
authority of the board. It had come to be !
a well-known fact in the department that
Armstrong had provided in three months '
for the painting of more school buildings
than were painted in a year by the last
board, and that in many cases he had
i ordered the painting of buildings which
were coated not over a year ago. To the
committee the facts argued a strict atten
tion to his duties, but it was also realized I
that it was making most excellent busi- ;
: ness and no small profits for Conlon's I
; man Lewis and the favored dealers in ;
| Yates & Co.'s paints, all of which the
i Finance Committee duly considered and
will this week proceed to carefully inves
tigate. j
Gedge and Conlon spent the better part
!of yesterday along, the cocktail route
| boasting that they had nothing to fear
from the Grand Jury nor from any j
charges made by The Call. They claim to
I have the county's investigating body I
"fixed" to the extent that the charges
against them are already quashed. Mean
i while they are practically out of a job in
■ the School Department. Superintendent
I Webster has usurped Gedge's duties as
chairman of the Elementary Committee,
j and the board is backing him up by adopt
ing all of his suggestions as to reclassifi
cation and the reassignment of teachers
Conlon cannot buy a dollar's worth of '
goods without the consent of the Finance j
Committee, and it looks as though there
is a hard winter ahead for that new paint
store on Golden Gate avenue. Armstrong
is badly tied up, and it is said by those
who are on the inside that the present in
vestigation will result in a bunch of de
sirable resignations if Bergerot and the
rest of the Crimmins element can be
brought into line to stand for it.
her unusual cheerfulness was noticeable,
me impression prevails that there is a
love affair hind the attempt at suicide,
but if the theory is correct the young
woman has guarded her secret welt
The young woman was found Saturday
night writhing in pain in a room in a
Third street lodging-house. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, but re
fused to give her name or state the cause
of her determination to take her life She
requested that Mrs. McEwen be advised
of what had befallen her. She pleaded that
any information concerning her be keDt
from her parents, and said that she did
not want to see them. Although she used
the contents of a two-ounce bottle of car
bohe acid, her chances for recovery are
favorable. As soon as her condition will
»£2c^e!J* reraoved t0 *« °»"
and wanted to die. ueccivea
"I ann imagine what prompted Nora
to attempt to commit suicide." said Mrs
McEwen yesterday. "If the poor girl has
gone wrong, unhappy home relations are
responsible. „ She has not been treated
, with the kindness that she deserved She
called upon me Friday nisht and was In
an unusually cheerful frame of mind" in
I ,, The California Society for the Preven
! ti l° Cruelty to Children has under
! SijK? ?" . Instigation of the case. The
* girl s father has been employed at the
i navy yard for a number of years I
LABOR LEAGUE MEETS.
Representatives of Different Trades
Com© Together and Formally
Organize.
A larpe and enthusiastic audience eath
?J?dat?ft ker ' 1 Ha 11 ,14 Third "SStfJS:
As soon __, the hall had filled up the
Biimm_wm
president, T. Dinan, recording secretary-
As soon as routine mattem y.__ v
posed of various mfc O MU « D dl 9"
addressed the meeting 7.1 the lea &ue
setting forth their views on °tK & atlon ;
re____r___s3aFffi'_3F t
dress, which was listened £ ade iS? ad
deepest attention^" alfnresent Wlth the
At the conclusion e o a^ne^fo 1 ? o^l ? c^ ,8
a general participated. ewuS « ln which
every one participated. enßUed> tn which
IRISH NIGHT NEXT.
j Special Programme for Wednesday
Evening at Directory Fair.
A fine programme of exercises is' beine
arranged for next Wednesday evening a!
the Souths' Directory fair /___, li I ,
ing set apart as "I?i7h '$____* ag?bt
ess s^°rf! t?£Wß*
r T^ d i dr ?- 88, and O'Con/or and Keilehe*
the Irish Jig and reel dancers with .t,J
assistance Professor M, «- a rthv and hi
bagpipes, will lend their aid In entem?
ing the audience. entertain-
The Celtic Union will be well represent
ed, Jeremiah DeSsy John \T„u! ent "
I Colonel Barry and others of the executive
| committee are working enerffetiSfiv n
make the affair a success 'rhi y , to .
Order of Hibernians wili also be
sented in large numbers, and fa laree It
tendance from the St PatriMr'a An? c at "
Knights of St. Patrick Kni^ht= All 'i ul^ e
:&&&» ggs* B ** «-
The a Irish ladles' societies are united in
an endeavor to make Irish nw^». ,n
to be remembered h n,ght one lon *
Weary brains. nervousness. headaches *>enl»«.
ness quickly cured Baldwin's Celery Sodi"""
"■ ♦ «
Instructor for Stanford.
morton A. Aldrich. assistant professor
of economics at Yale University arrived
on the delayed overland last even ns: from
Massachusetts and went to the Se He
will go l <\ Stanford tO - da y to assume
charge of the same department of lea™
ing over which he exercised supervision In
the great Eastern seat of learning
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism A neuralgia
JDrugglats, 600 flask. Ricliards & Co, 4Qi Clay
, » \,.___f.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MON DAT, OCTOBER 16, 1899.
GROVE AVERS ON FIRE
IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
GROVE P. ATERS, one of the best known "for
warding" agents of the city, was on fire yesterday
afternoon in Golden Gate Park. He was envel
oped for several thrilling minutes in flames and
smoke and might even now be the only cinder on
' the speed track had his wife not "put him out." He had
[ all the appearance of a miniature volcano in action and
: was giving off an odor reminiscent of burning rubber
when Mrs. Ayers began tearing off the flaming outer
garments of her fiery spouse and soon had him under
control, singed a little, underdone ln spots, choking with
smoke and almost blinded with the sand thrown on him
ln efforts to stay his cremation. " ; -: ■ ■*■-.-■ , ■."*•--■-,
Ayers, who Is a great lover of speedy horseflesh,
secured yesterday from a friend the loan of a fast road
ster and a "biKe" buggy. He invited Mrs. Ayers to ac
company him for a spin through the park as a sort of
compensation for the fact that politics had kept him
away from nome several nights during the past week.
In a short time the roadster was hitting the speed
track in record time, Mr. and Mrs. Ayers bowling along
merrily behind.
Ayers' perfecto was burning like a headlight in th;
breeze and was mingling Its smoke with the dust his
trotter was throwing in the faces of everything on the
line. The mere fact that it was a borrowed horse acted
like a spur to Avers. His whole ambition was to take
it back to its owner covered with sweat and glory and
tell him what an equine wonder was his.
About this time another driver with a fast stepper
and a "bike" buggy came up with a rush out of the
LEADING JOURNALIST
HERE ON A SHORT VISIT
H. H. KOHLSAAT, Owner of The Chicago Times-Herald.
HH. KOHLSAAT, editor and proprietor of the Chicago Times-Herald,
arrived yesterday at the Palace Hotel from his home. He is accom
panied by his father-in-law, Mr. E. Nelson Blake, president of ; the
First National Bank of Arlington, Mass.
* The report had come over the wire that Mr. Kohlsaat was a very
sick man, and that his trip to this coast was being taken for the
purpose of gaining back a little of the health that he had lost through too
close and long application to business. This report ■ Mr. Kohlsaat strongly
denied, saying that he never felt better in his life, and that the reason of
his coming here was simply to take a little vacation and to accompany his
wife's father on a trip he had long had under consideration.
"Yes," said Mr. Blake, "I have wished to visit the coast and once more
view the scenes that I knew fifty years ago, when, after arriving here on the
first ship that brought to California the news of her admission to the sister
hood of States, I accompanied General Bidwell up into the country, in the
vicinity of Chico. Those were the wild days of mountain lions and grizzly
bears, and many a night I have slept alongside my haystack with a rifle in
my hands to protect my property from the depredations of roving bands of
Indians.
"General Bidwell was a great friend of. mine, as was also Captain Sutter.
The former gentleman offered to make me a present of a square mile of land
in the neighborhood of Chico if I would remain In the country. Filial duty,
however, compelled me to return to my Boston home, and I was not able to
accept his kind offer. My one wish has always been to get back here to re
visit the scenes of my early adventures, and, the chance offering itself this
fall, I Jumped at it, and persuaded my son-in-law to accompany me."
Mr. Kohlsaat is a pleasant spoken gentleman, whose sijver white hair
gives the dignity of age to a face whose youthful appearance belles the
prominence of the man that owns it. In discussing things in a general way
Mr. Kohlsaat had occasion to speak of the recent experiments with wireless
telegraphy. ' * 7 .y. y ;.
' "The science of wireless telegraphy," he said, "is still In its infancy. But
the use to which it has been put during the recent yacht races in New York
proves conclusively to my mind that it is a complete success, and a very valu
able one, as far as short distances are concerned. I have no doubt that in a
little while Its sphere will be as thoroughly enlarged as has been the sphere
of the telephone or the telegraph to which we have become accustomed. Take
in the recent instance when one of the New York excursion boats was report
ed lost with 2000 people on board. The rumor was circulated throughout the
city, and people were nearly crazy with grief and apprehension. The Herald
had merely to telegraph to Marconi, who was on a vessel near the scene of the
reported disaster, and immediately word was received saying that the ex
cursion boat was all right and the story a canard. You can't beat that.
"I am merely out here for pleasure and to accompany Mr. Blake. I shall
remain about three or four days, and then return home via the Southern
route. My health was never better in my life, all reports to the contrary not
withstanding, and I am enjoying every minute of my visit, which is the first
one I have made to your city since '85."
ruck. Ayers' sporting blood was aroused at the temerity
of the newcomer, and telling his wife to hang on to tne
seat, he let out a wrap or two on his roadster and settled
down to do the rash driver of the other rig. He "cluck
clucked" to the horse, and in so doing dropped the
flaming cigar, as he thought, on to the speedway, but in
reality on his own breast between his coats.
Away he sped ahead of the other fellow, unmindful of
the smoke that was rising about him, believing it to be
the result of friction from the fast going. Mrs. Ayers,
who was hanging onto the seat for dear life, did not no
tice the volcanic condition of her husband until he slowed
down a little and turned to get a view of the other fellow.
Then she saw that he was ablaze. She acted promptly.
Grabbing her astonished husband, she began tearing off
the burning garments. His overcoat was off before he
knew it. His necktie followed suit and his five-barred
shirt, which was once a dream in pink and white, was
torn from his manly bosom.
For a moment Ayers thought that his better half had
become possessed and was on the point of arguing the
matter with her when the burningundershirt communicated
its fire to the cuticle over his wishbone. With a yell of
surprise he jumped out of the buggy.
"Holy smoke!" he shrieked. "I'm afire! Put me out!
Put me but!" And he began rolling in the dirt and
throwing sand on himself like a howling dervish, unmind
ful of the fact that the other driver had not only come up
to but passed him. Mrs. Ayers did heroic service in smoth
ering the flames and in hustling her smoldering hubby into
the buggy and homeward, where liberal applications of
sweet oil were made to the sore spots.
METSON LEADS
A RUNAWAY IN
A WILD RACE
An Exciting Incident
at the Park.
Park Commissioner W. H. Metson,
mounted on his thoroughbred, yesterday
afternoon led a runaway horse a wild
race down the main drive of the park.
It was shortly after the opening of the
musical programme that the exciting in-
cident occurred. A driver of the Santa
Clara Milk Company left his horse stand
ing in front of a residence on Seventh
avenue and for some cause unknown it
suddenly bolted. Down the avenue to the
park sped the maddened animal and
finally turned into the drive leading
around the old Midwinter Fair grounds.
A. J. Lawton of 7 Belvedere street was
cycling around the drive and when no
saw the plunging horse turn in his di
rection he tried to escape, but was too
late. The wheels of the milk wagon
struck the bicycle and Lawton was hurled
to the pavement. He jumped to his feet
immediately, however, having escaped
serious Injury, but the wheel was demol
ished.
From the fair grounds drive the horse
turned into the main boulevard and it
was then that Commissioner Metson saw
that he had a runaway to deal with.
Turning his horse he sped down the drive
abreast of the runaway, which had kicked
the remains of the wagon loose from the
traces, and a race of a hundred yards
gave him a good lead.
It was like the finish of a Derby, this
race between a thoroughbred and a milk
wagon horse sped by fear. As the race
neared the concourse at the bandstand
Mounted Officer Nelson R. Nortons Joined
in and the race was over. The officer's
riata fell over the runaway's neck and
with distended tongue the animal was
choked into submission.
A short time later it looked as if an
other runaway would occur. Wallace L.
Thompson started to leave the concourse
behind a rig in which two women were
seated. The women backed their hors3
into that driven by Mr. Thompson. His
horse plunged aside, toppled the bugg-
and smashed the wheel. Mounted officers
grasped the holrse by the bit, unhitched
him and removed the wreckage. T__la
ended the list of accidents for the day
As usual a dozen scorchers fell Into the
hands of the police for fast riding. Those
arrested were E. C. Learning, a well
known attorney; T. Lee Ballister W
Nicoll, W. R. Douglas, H. P. Brown W*
J. Pitchford, D. Harris, A. Layskle J*
Splndler, H. Vinnerman, H. C. Bec'sey
and Roy Brandt. S. J. Thomas was ar
rested Tor using vulgar language. On
September 4 Thomas was arrested for
fast driving, but was released with a repri
mand. Yesterday he witnessed the arrest
of another scorcher and the officer says
that he commented on the arrest with
such unusual vehemence that he arrested
him. A number of the cyclers taken in
deposited ball and were released, and late
in the afternoon Judge Conlan released
the others on their own recognizances
The bill at the Chutes Theater was ex
cellent. Adgie and her lions, however
fell to third place In the list of attrac
tions, Major Mite taking first place on the
bill. This little man, whom It is said will
marry Chlqulta at the Paris Fair is an
artist.. He does not travel as a ' freak
in which class his size would ordinarily
place him, but as a vaudeville star He
is a finished performer, and with a min
iature photo of Chiquita pinned to his
breast, he finished his turns amid a storm
of applause. Baby Ruth Roland, a tiny
miss, undoubtedly occupied the next posi
tion in the affections of the audience
and it was only after the little woman
was thoroughly wearied with her efforts
that the audience consented that she re
tire. The giant galapagos, the elephant
Johanna Frisco, the orang-outang and
many other attractions were not neglect
ed by the crowd, which numbered more
than five thousand people.
Following are the results of the aquatic
contests at Sutro Baths: Fifty-yard dash
novice F. O'Neil first. J. O'Brien second;
60-yard Juvenile, N. Benson first, F. Neai
second; 100-yard amateur, C. Augustus
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LACE CURTAIN
DEPARTMENT.
During the past week we re-
ceived six cases of FINE LACE
CURTAINS and ■ CURTAIN NETS,
and on Monday, October 16th, we
will exhibit an elegant assortment
of these goods.
500 pairs FINE LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru, in
Imitation of BATTENBERG, IRISH a* aa AP-
POINT and FISH NET OJiUU rfllTi
500 pairs FINE LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru, in
imitation Of MARIE ANTOINETTE, ai aa n ft : P
RENAISSANCE and PARIS POINT.. OHiUU lfllli
500 pairs FINE LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru, In
imitation of BRUSSELS LACE, POINT at aa n ft : r
de CALAIS and SPANISH LACE OOiUU rfllli
The ahove Curtains Gome in ahout 40 different
designs at each price, and are the hest values we
have ever offered.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
first, E. Wells second: 100-yard tub race,
W. Dinford first, C. Augustus second, A.
Boudin third; trick and fancy spring
board diving, J. O'Brien first, W. Douglas
second; underwater swimming contest, E.
Winnefleld first, G. Wallace second.
CELEBRATION OF A
JOYOUS FESTIVAL
Sisters of Notre Dame Do Honor to
Sister Superior Julia
Theresa.
A joyful festival is being celebrated at
the Convent of Notre Dame on Dolores
street near Sixteenth. It is the occasion
of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the pro
fession of religion by Sister Superior Julia
Theresa. Sister Julia Theresa has been
superior of the Convent of Notre Dame
for the past Aye years. Previous to her
work here she was connected with the
head convent of the order at Cincinnati.
The religious services of the festival
were held yesterday. To-day special ex
ercises by the sisters and the pupils of
the convent will be given in honor of the
occasion.
St. Peter's and St. Paul's.
St. Peter's and St. Paul's Church fair
has been very successful during the past
week. The present week will hold out
many attractions. This evening Mr. Zap
palli, barytone, -will sing a solo; Dr.
Bonino will sing the Rom nza from
"Pagliacci": Mrs. Van Lack (nee Colo
man) and Mrs. L. Steffani will sing a
Neapolitan duet. The stage will be dec
orated with an arbor, under which young
girls, attired ln Neapolitan costume, will
pick grapes during the Neapolitan duet.
This pretty scene was arranged by Mrs.
Steffani. On Saturday the Pennsylvania
band played and Miss Galiazzi and Mr.
Oliver sang. Thanks were extended to
the musicians by Rev. Father Redahan.
Tuesday evening the Japanese tea garden
will be an attraction. Miss Julie and Ro
salie Steveler will sing and Mrs. Valentl
will recite. . '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE W~ §
Treatment and Medicine =sS& g
FOR § r ?
Catarrh, Deafness, a sag
NOISES in EARS, THROAT <=» = 2/lr
and LUNG DISEASES given §£"*/*£
free to show the superior <KS»"^*ia
merit of my New Inventions T^w* S 09
and Antiseptic Treatment :§ssy t__am_ •'
that gives marvelous cures $§/ "*Eaai?
and so easy a child can isX AEkE
use lt. In 2000 test cases |T^. y^^B •
over 95 per cent cured. Bent Si s^§£3'ti3li
of references and hundreds M j*^^^&^
of Indorsements. But the best
Is to try it and be convinced rffHrPaSnp''''^
while you can. • ' J
FREE for one week. Call at once or write
for literature. ;••:.. „
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— a. m. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m. '
NO SUNDAY HOURS.
Lamps
to Burn,
20 cts. to S2O.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Pricea.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Stores where,
ioo Stores.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
Gt CO
We have just received from Colombo,
Ceylon, several thousand sample tins
of Bee Brand tea — are welcome
to one
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
BaCOn— Armour's ''Star" \Qc
Cooks sweet and crisp
reg'ly 18c lb
Butter— Fancy creamery lb 27^C
Packed during the most favorable
season — the quality is first class
Cocktails— and Often 75c
Manhattan — Martini — gin
Vermouth — whisky— Old Tom gin
reg'ly $1 bottle
Sardines— ispa I2jc
Selected fish in pure doz <£j 4Q
olive oil reg'ly 15c can
Italian chestnuts ib 25c
Citron— Leghorn 12^C
Almost wholesale price
reg'ly 15c lb
Gin— DC L reg'ly $1 bottle 90c
Olives— Manianillo quart 20c
China nut oil bottle 20c
Best oil for night light gallon 90c
Night lights— Pope's Head 0c
Give and excellent doz $1 10
light— don't go out
Pails— indurated fiber 30c
Most durable ucket made
reg'ly 40c
French knives- /^-finest steel
, 41n51n61n 7 In 8 In In io in ii In 12 In
Reg ly 2oc 25c 30c }5C 40c 50c 55c 6jc 75c
Special 15c 20c 25c 30c 35c 40c 45c 50c 60c
Talcum powder 3 tins 25c
Lady Jeanette— for infants and
adults— soothing to the skin
Almond cream— Oakley's I2|c
When cold weather comes you
will want something to keep your
face and hands smooth and soft
reg'ly 15c
Pineapple— Bahama ioc
Sliced and grated— reg'ly 12Jc can
Bouillon capsules box of 12 20c
Raffauf
Catalogue free— postal— special
prices quoted on orders for mines-
ranches i winter supplies
«^rf.'v i 5 H Sutl 'c, 9800 California San Francisc.
i »Q7sUay between Eleventh ana Twelfth Oakiana
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
■ '/BBKPA * 15 * GEARY ST.. bet.
jKjy^STyyjjtfy*^, Hyde and Larklr..
rf* '^^1111=1/ Palnl ess Extraction..
vlr? v « *litX Crowns".".'.".".'.'.'.'. $--<
sxli UJaJii-* Flesh-colored P'-^^O
Continuous Gum Plates" "(no' tail 'joints) _"'
apeclalty Have received TEN tirst pi -^ to .
tnis branch of dentistry. No students. M
years* experience.
, A lA/. T. HESS.
NOTARY PDfILIO AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*
tj.= ,m Telephone Sown 931. _ „.,,Hbe San $rancisco Calls" Home ■' Stub^ Circle.
This Specimen Sheet Contains the First Week's Installment of the Courses With Which the Autumn-Winter Term of the "Home Study Circle"
Opens. The Continuation Will Be Found in the Issues of THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Beginning Monday, October 16.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
SEYMOUR EfITON,
Director. .
INSTRUCTIVE
READING COURSES.
Autumn- Winter Term: 1S!?9-1?00.
Beginning
MONDAY . October 16
Mondays ar. 1 Thursdays:
I. Popular Studies ia sMespeare.
11. The WorldTSreat Artists.
111. Desk Studies or Girls.
IV. Shop and Trade Studies for Boys. !
Fridays: ...--.
Y. Great American Statesmen.
VI. Home SciencViousehold Economy.
VI. Home Sciencc-aoiiseiold Economy.
SHAKESPEARE j
1. Love's Labor's Lost.
2. Comedy of Errors.
3. King R ; chard 111.
4. The Taming of the Shrew.
5. As You Like It.
6. Ot
7. Kin? Lear.
8. Corioianus.
CONTRIBUTORS;
Edward Dowden. Lit!. 0D„ D.C.L.. LL.D.
Professor of* English Literature, University of
Dublin.
William J. Rolfe, Lit:. D.
Editor cf Harper Bros. Shakespeare Editions
Kirani Corson. LL. D.
Professor of English Literature, Cornell Uni-
versity.
Hamilton Vf. Mabf?.
Associate Editor of The. Outlook.
Albert S. Cook. Ph. D., LL. D.
Professor of LlteratureJ Yale University.
Isaac N. Demmon, A. M.. LL. D.
Professor of Literature. University of Michi-
Ttie World's Great Artists.
— ..
This is a series of studies of great artists.
The series will include the following:
i. Tli'.aa. 8 Frans a's
i. Correggio. 9. Gainsborough.
3. on'atelloJ 10. Constable.
4. Yelasqjcz. 11. Sir Thomas lawrerce.
5. Purer. !2. Sir Edwin Landseer.
6. Hans Holbein. !.. Meissonier.
?. Van Dyke. 14. Gilbert Shuart.
The contributors to these studies will in-
clude the following distinguished writers:
John C. Van Dyke. L. H. D.
Lecturer en Art at Coiumbia, Harvard and
Princeton.
Russell Sturgis, Ph. D . F. A. I. A.
Art Critic for the Xew York Times.
A L Frcthingham ix.. Ph. D.
Professor of Art, Princeton University.
Arthur Hosber.
Art Critic of the Xew York Commercial Ad-
vertiser.
Frank Fowler.
Portrait Painter. Xew York City.
The contributors to this course are the most
■widely known writers on art in the United
States. The studies wiil be Generously illus-
trated with portraits of artists and conies of
famous lictur-'?.
Desk Studies for "GtflsT
This course has be-^n specially arranged for
itiris and young women who feel the need of a
more thorough knowledge of language, books
ar.d money affairs. The studies will be pre-
sented under the lollowing heads:
81. f_-s Words and How '_-. \7,_: Then.
2. Co:r'.o-_d'-:? End EnniwriUag
3- Seidiag C;a:»si tzi i. Girls' Library
i.- P«rsoail Aeeeunti and Money Affairs.
5. Writiag for ?üb!;:*i'.oa.
Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
J
B:ys ar.d teniae men who are ambitious to
cdvance their positions will find that an even-
ine or two a week spent upon the studies of
this course will be of the largest value. The
work will be divided into five departments as
follows:
1 Arithmetic of ii Wo.-Kshop.
2 Z-Ti-r-.zg for • eca'-n SS.
i. Artthiaeti: of the Cocnte: f.i OSce
4. Msaey ?rot:?-ns and B^sico-a '-'-i:.s
5. Ilaeaia* Drawing jed Design.
Great American Statesmen.
The course in American History arranged for
the Auturn:i : \Vinter Term will include special
studies of the follow -tog -famous statesmen:
1. Eunael Adams. 9. John Jay.
2. Patrick Henry. 70. Join Marshall,
5. John H»atij]pi. 11. .albert Gallatin
4. Goaverne^ir Morris. 12. Andrew Jackson.
ft. Uecjanin rriaklia. 17 Jjtn C. Ciitoun.
0 Thjaias r.'on. 14. Henry Clay.
. J&icts Midisoa. 15. r.tc:»l Weastsr.
?.. Alexander Hamilton. 18. Charles Basaer.
The purpose of these studies is to set forth i
clearly what these men have stood for in the '.
progress and development of tliis country. Tlie |
following disti:i£Tdished writers will assist in
ti e work:
" ALBERT BCSHKBLI HART,
Professor of History^ Harvard University
JOBS ?\CE keXAsTSS,
Professor of American History, University of
• Pennsvivania.
BERNARD C. BTBI.1««, PH. D..
Librarian of the Pratt Free Library, Baltimore.
yREDERH W. SPEIR3 PH. D.,
University i.xter.sion Lecturer on American
History and Economics.
CHARLES H. tfKITH. LO. D..
Pn?fe«sor of American History. Yale University.
WILLIS M. WEST, v A.,
Professor cf History. University of Minnesota,
JOHN W. PERRIS. P^. D .
Professor of History, Adelbert College, Cleve-
JLM A. WCOTBURK. PH. D.,
Frofessor of History and Political Science,
Indiana University.
ANDREW C. MeLADGHLIK, LL. 8.,
Professor of American History, University of
Michigan.
Home Science and Household
Economy.
Leadinir Contributors:
MRS. HEL N CAMPEEL.,.
MRS. MARGARET E. SA>-GS7ER.
MRS. KATE OASNiCT WELLS.
MISS LUCY WHEELOCK.
MliS ANNA BARECWfI. .
The Gall has planned an unusually attractive
c-iurse in the "science of the home" to be pre-
sented during the Autumn-TVYnter term. The
very best talent in the United States has been
secured to give lan and direction to the -In-
struction, and many new and unique features
will be Introduced. :.: ... • 
The following outline wiil give some Idea of
the peneral character of t l.e. studies:
11. The Home Eealthfal as: Beautiful.
1. The Home Construction.
2. The Home Environment.
Z. The Home Furnishing.
4. The Home Decoration.
2. The Buying, Cooking »cd Serring of Food.
1. The Economic Buying cf Food.
2. The Chemistry of Cooking.-
S. Foods for Invalids and Children.
i. The Di&lns Room and Table -.-vice.
6. Carving and Serving Meats.
3. The Social Lift ef tbe Home. ■
I, Family Relations and Domestic Lift
2. Visiting nnd Entertaining.
3. Recreation and Amusement.
i. Women Waste-Earners of the Home.
5. The Home In Its Relation to the State.
I. Tat Care and Education of Children.
1. The- Children in Infancy.
2. The Kindergarten Age.
8.- The First Years at School.
4. The Boys and Girls of fixteen.
Pull particulars concerning the Home Study
Circle and the programme for the. Autumn-
tVlnter Term an: given in a 32-page booklet,
handsomely illustrated, which will be mailed
free of charge on request. Address
Manager Home Study Circle,
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Call Building.-,' « • -San Francisco.
HOW TO STUDY SHAKESPEARE.
(Copyrighted, 1599. by Seymour Eaton.)
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME .STUDY CIRCLE. DIRECTED BY PROFESSOR
SEYMOUR EATON.
■ POPULAR STUDIES IN
: SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward
Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolfe, Dr. Hamilton
, \V. Millie. Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Cor
son, Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vida D. Scud
der and others.
1. HOW TO STUDY SHAKESPEARE
Let us suppose that one Is approaching
Shakespeare for the first time. if he feels
i himself at a loss to know what to do be
yond reading lch play through it is be
cause he. does not know what to look for.
•For that Is what study is. It is a -looking
for something and an endeavor to ascer
tain when one has found it. In arithmetic
and algebra it is a looking for. the answer
to a problem; or rather to the processes
lending to the discovery of the answer.
In history lt is a looking for the causes
which have made individuals or nation?
I great, and the reasons for their decline
lor overthrow. In chemistry it Is a look
ing for the elements of which a body is
composed and the proportions in which
those elements enter Into the constitution
of the body. In psychology it is a look
ing for the traits which go to make up-hu
man nature. In painting It is a looking
for the secrets of color, of beautiful line,
of atmosphere, of comr f " r :t'on, of. tone.
As a!! study Is a search. ■ the question.
How to study Shakespeare? Is best ap
proached through the question, What
shall we look for in Shakespeare?
1 shall, of course, not attempt to enum
erate all the things which one' may rea
sonably hope to And in the dramas which.
by common consent, stand at the summit
FROM THE STRATFORD PORTRAIT.
(The pretentious painting known as the Stratford portrait and presented In IPS? by W.
O. Hunt town clerk of Stratford, to the Birthplace Museum, where It Is very prominently
displayed, was probably [..aimed from the bust In the Stratford church late In the eight
eenth century.)
of England's literature. if not of the |
world's, but shall content myself with
mentioning a Tew of the more obvious. If j
at the same time they represent funda
mental aspects of the poet's work and are ,
profitable subjects for prolonged consid
eration. ;
1. It ls related by St. Augustine that,
upon the recitation In the theater of the
famous line of Terence, "I am a man. and
I consider naught that Is human beneath
my regard," the whole audience broke
out into thunderous acclamation. Shake
speare might have adopted the line as his i
motto. Beyond any other writer he has
exemplified Pope's sentiment: "The proper
stud* of mankind is man." He was a
hero worshiper when hero worship was
possible; when he could not approve he
vet loved, and when he could not love he
scrutinized, he analyzed, he revealed. THe j
individual soul is to him Infinite!: at
tractive—nay, engrossing; he is appreciat
ive of Its virtues and aspirations, tolerant
of its foibles and amused by its harmless
or delightful eccentricities; he sounds Its
deepest passions, comprehends the main
springs of its activity, ami. while watch
ing how It Is impelled by desire or precip
itated by circumstance toward an inescap
able future, he Is touched by its pathos
;md its tragedy, or exults, In Its attain
ment ed its |oy. Partake Shakespeare's
delight in life and in the play of life upon
life if you mid derive impulse and in
struction from the vast spectacle of man,
if you would fir.d a village rife with mo
mentous mystery nd -make the circle of
your acquaintance a theater replete with
the curious and the wonder; Begin this
study In any play of Shakespeare. Count
up its distinct characters; note their In
dividual traits; see to what types they
sevenallv belong and to what classes of
society;" observe how they behave in dif
ferent situations, and how they react one
upon another, and discover how far they
resemble the men and women that you
know or that you ha' read about. When
you have done this with half a dozen
dramas try to form some conception of
the range of Interest, the closeness of ob
servation and the quickness and versatil
ity of sympathy of the man who could
Imagine and create this world of human
beii-.^s. You will thus have begun to
study Shakespeare and perhaps to find a
new meaning in the world about you.
2. Notwithstanding Shakespeare's ab
sorption in the individual soul, notwith
standing his sympathetic interpretation
Of the beggar, the serving man. the thief,
the drunkard, or the monster lower than
man — If any monster can be lower than
degraded man— yet he ls never at a loss
to exhibit a scale of values for his person- .
ages. They are not equal in spiritual
rank, and he never pretends they are. We j
feel with Caliban, as more righteous be- .
ings than ourselves would feel with Indi- ;
■ ans and other barbarians, when he Bays: i
Wan) thou earnest first
Thou strokrst me and ma much ■ of me, ,
wouldFt give me \- " ~7*/l
Water with berries ;.. 't. and toa'-li me how
To name the b!gg»r light, and how the less. j
That burn by day and night, and then 1 loved
thee -. ; ;
And showed th-" all the qualities o* the Isle—
The fresh springs, brine pits, barren place and
fertile—
Cursed be I that did so; All the charms
Of Svcorax. toad**, beetles, bats, light on you!
For I am all tlie subjects that you have,
Which first was mine own king, and __ you
sty me
The rest i>' the island.
Yet though we resent the apparent Injust
ice which he suffers v,e never suppose
bim to" be the peer of Miranda or Pros
pero. We may make merry with Falstaff
and find his wit, his roguery and resource'
infinitely diverting, yet Shakespeare con
vinces us of his essential vileness and fu
tllltv, and even causes us in some meas
ure "to despise ourselves for our laughing
condonation of his vices, when Prince Hal,
now king indeed, touches him as with the
spear of tthuriel and causes him to appear
in his true aspect. (("2 Hen. IV." 51-74).
3. Shakespeare has the greatest respect
for the civic virtues, for those which hold
together the framework of society. It
follows that he brands with his abhor
rence all treachery, disloyalty and ingrat
itude, all ruthless and insolent tyranny
and all deliberate failure to co-operate in
the advancement of the common weal.
Aim. every one of the more serious
plays, and even some of the comedies, will
furnish Instances in proof. In "King
Lear" he stigmatizes filial ingratitude; in
"Macbeth" regicide and oppression; In
"The Tempest" treason; and these are but
specimens. . Now and again the whole
tempest of his eloquence is poured out in
a flood on the unsocial vices, on lawless
ness, anarchy and rift. A single example
may serve ("Timon of Athens/* iv, 1.):
Slaves and fools
Pluck the grave-wrinkled senate from the
bench.
And minister In their steads'.
kit. its, hold fast;
J Rather than render back, out with your knives
And cut your trusters' throats!
I •j.'> v f. Piety and fear.
Religion to the gods, peace, J oat lee. truth.
Domestic awe, night-rest and neighborhood.
Instruction, manners, mysteries and trades.
Degreed, observances, customs and laws,
Defcllhe 1 to your confounding contraries.
And let confusion live! BOH
It will be observed that piety and re
ligion are conceived quite in the old Ro
man spirit, primarily as the bonds which
knit up the social fabric and preserve It
from ruinous disintegration. Another tin.,
passage, which every good citizen should
meditate at least ice a year, is "Troilus
and- 'Oressida," 1. lii, S5-124. Compare
"Lear." I. ii. H5-S; 11. I. 49-s<>: '•Measure
For Measure." I, ;' ! . 30-31. etc. It musv
be admitted that Shakespeare was no be
liever in democracy. He is everywhere
contemptuous of the rabble, the vulgar,
the people, as he terms them. Thus ("2
Hen. IV." 1. lii, 89-90):
An habitation giddy and unsure
Hath he that buildeth on the vulgar heart.
Again! "Antony and Cleopatra," I, 11,
IP2-4.):
Our slippery people.
Whose love Is never linked to the deserver
Till his deserts are past.
From such passages it is clear that
Shakespeare empties the vials of his scorn
upon instability and Infirmity of purpose
with relation to the discharge of civic du
ties, and that, like Dante, he regards
vacillation as only one degree less despic
able than overt an i flagrant iniquity. .
4. While It is thus true that Shakespeare
has for his characters a scaieof values and
recognizes a pantheon of virtues, It must
be said, on the other hand, that there is
an excellence for which he has but scant
and conventional appreciation. 1 refer to
the virtue which has primary reference to
God, as those already mentioned have to
man or the state. Though he can at times
manifest tenderness and reverence In his
allusions to sacred things (as, c. -g., "1
Hen. IV. I. i. IS-27; "Hamlet/ I. i. 15S-164;
"All's Well." 11. i. I^9-144), yet for rever
ence, for worship, for holiness of life, he
in general has but Blight regard. The
amiable friar in "Romeo and Juliet" by no
means Inspires unqualified reverence; the
ambitious Gloucester, not yet become
King Richard Hi. is willingly supported
ln his young .hypocrisy by two bishops,
and the saintly seeming Angelo in "Meas
ure for Measure" has but stolen the livery
of the court of heaven to serve the devil
in. It Is true that in this same play we
have mention of
Prayers from preserved souls.
From fasting maids; whose minds are dedicate
To nothing temporal.
but the character of Isabella must be re
garded as a quite exceptional one. and
Shakespeare could hardly have sympa
thised with the sentiment of Milton ("Par
adise Lost," 11, 603-6):
Judge not what is best
By pleasure, though to nature seeming meet,
Created as thou art to nobler end.
Holy and pure, conformity divine.
Shakespeare came between the earlier
ages of faith, with their exaltation of re
ligion, and the puritanism of the seven
teenth century. He finds the middle ages
picturesque and despises the Puritans; he
himself Is a child of the renaissance, and
his kingdom Is a kingdom of this world.
5. While Shakespeare's prime Interest is
In humanity he yet has an open eye for
the terror, the majesty and the beauty of
the physical universe and for the aspect
of all things visible. Take but two Illus
trations—the one of the sun ("Richard
II," 111, ii. 41-2*. when
From under the terrestrial hall
, He fires the proud tops of the eastern pines;
the other of the winds ("2 Hen. IV, 111,
1, 2^-4-:
, Who take the ruffian billows by,.tho tops.
Curling their monstrous heads and hanging;
f. -.-■ them '*;-..;
I With deafening clamor In the slippery clouds;
I or, if you wish another, add the picture
of a navy afloat ("Henry V, 111, prof. 7
-14).. But in any case note how be person
ifies—how .he makes nature alive with
man.
0.- Shakespeare has deiinite views con
cerning poetry, its nature and processes.
iThus he proclaims th" office of poetry to
i soften and re-tine ("Two Gentlemen of
Verona," HI, ii, "2 fl.):
■ Much is the force of heaven-bred poesy.
For Orpheus' lute was strung with poets'
sinews . ./:■:"-.
Whose golden touch could soften steel and
stones.
Make tigers tame and huge leviathans
Forsake unsounded deeps to dance on sands.
Again, he tells us what is the poet's mas
ter faculty ("Midsummer Night's Dream,"
V, i, 12-17;:
The poet's eye..in a fine frenzy rolling, . .7. .'
i Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth
' to heaven; "
; And, as Imagination bodies forth
The forms of things-unknown, the poet's pen
, Turns them to shapes and gives to airy nothing
1 A local habitation and a name.
He affirms a deep and hard truth ("As
. You Like It,'!. Hi. iii. 19): "The truest
: , poetry Is the most feigning." He perceives
thut art may surpass nature ("Venus and
Adonis," 253 ff.):
• | Look when: a painter would surpass the'life,
i ' -In limning out a well-proportioned steed.
j His art with nature's workmanship of strife,
i As '.' the dead the living should exceed.
L So did this horse excel a common one
. In shape, in courage, color, pace and bone.
' And in the perplexed- question concerning
. the relative superiority of art and nature
i
■
| (Continued in Column Seven, Page Two.)
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
(Copyrighted.- 1599. by Seymour Eaton.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE. DIRECTED BY PROFESSOR
SEYMOUR EATON.
THE WORLDS GREAT ARTISTS.
I. TITIAN, THE NESTOR OF THE
ITALIAN RENAISSANCE
BY ARTHUR LINCOLN FROTHINGHAM
JR., PH. D.
There Is very little mystery In Titian's
life and practical unanimity as. to his art.
He was the most finished embodiment of
the sensuous aspect of the developed ren
aissance of Italy. He was also, on account
of his life of 99 years, a living history of
Venetian painting in its whole period of
bloom. He witnessed both the dawn and
the decline of the golden age of the ren
aissance.
Titian's surroundings made him what he
was. Before his day Venetian art had not
come into line with other Italian schools.
The 'Id. diplomatic, mercantile Venetians
had loved the gorgeous side of the ancient
art of the Byzantine empire; they had not
felt the religious emotions that accom
panied and made possible the Giottesque
art of the rest of Italy. Superb color and
lack « of Inner life characterized their
school of painting until the middle of the
fifteenth century, only a generation before
Titian's birth. It was then that the Bel
lini family imported into Venice some of
the results of the study of the antique, of
the science of perspective and of the hu
man form and character, that had. been
transforming the Tuscan school of the
early renaissance. Still, even under Bel
lini, the Venetian school maintained a dis
tinct individuality, due to the character of
the people and the atmosphere of the la-
goons; lt still relied upon color rather
than upon drawing; on an appeal to the
senses rather than to the intellect; on
texture rather than action. But the Bel
lini were still essentially devoted to reli
gious or historic art. They »were not
destined to be frankly psychological and
to embody in paint the dreaminess of the j
sea haze, the intangible phases of the
landscape, the sensuous delight of drift
ing on the lagoons by night, the content
that comes from ignoring the conscience
and opening the arms to all physical de
lights. This was reserved for their suc
cessors. :;V. t ' ,
Titian was born in 1477 of the noble Ve
celli family, at Pleve dl ("adore, in the
Alpine region north of Venice.. At the age
of 9 or 10 he was brought to Venice to
study painting, first in the studio of the
Mosaicist Zuccato, and later under the
gentle Bellini. He finally appears to have
passed Into the extensive workshop of
Giovanni Bellini, who for many years had
been and was long after to remain the
supreme ruler of Venetian painting..
But the Impress that young Titian re
ceived from these last representatives of
the early renaissance was neither strong
nor lusting, for his spirit was that of the
new age and his fellowship with the young
men waiting, like himself, for a leader to
appear. Such a leader came ln Giorgione.
the sensuous poet-painter, the dreamer of
Idyls; no older than Titian, but with the
spark of intuition, of genius, which he
lacked. The two young men became close
associates under Giorgione's material as
well as Ideal guidance. It is at times as
difficult to distinguish the contemporary
works of these two young artists as those
of the famous Greek sculptors, Scopas
and Praxiteles, so deeply had Titian be
come impregnated from the stronger
spirit. The association lasted until Gior
gione's death; the artistic dependence
never quite ended. ;
Titian was slow in attaining fame. Not
until h'.s thirtieth year, in 1507, when he
assisted Giorglonc In decorating the pal
ace called Fondaco del Tedeechl, does he
seem to have acquired an independent
reputation. On Glt»£glone's premature
death, in 1510. Titian completed a number
of his friend's unfinished pictures. Almost
Immediately he received his tirst Impor
tant Independent commission, for a se
ries or sixteen frescoes n the Scuola del
Santo at Padua. He filled to show in
them any special proficiency ln the style
of grand composition. J
A glance at what is known of Titian's
pictures up to this time shows but few
landmarks. The "M^.n of Sorrows" (S.
Bocco, Venice) typifies his study under
Bellini; the "Zlngarella" Virgin (Vienna),
the beginning of Giorgione's influence in
about 1500, with the added earthiness that
was Titian's, while the "Pope Alexander
VI Presenting a Bishop to St. Peter"
(Antwerp), painted toward 1502, shows
that Giorgione's influence was not yet
complete and also marks the first step in
his series of great portraits. All Titian's
works up to about 1505 are religious sub
jects, not varying fundamentally from the
Bellini and Cima type. but. soon after,
Titian, under Giorgione's guidance, enter
ed the enchanted sphere of poetic alle
gory, where, unlike religious art. there
was no tradition to prevent a completely
original treatment. HoweVer graceful are
Titian's worlfc at this time, such as the
"Baptism of Christ" in Rome (Capitol),
he is not yet a master. He "finds" him
self, though still in a Glorgione garb, in
the two allegories called "The' Three
Ages" and the famous "Sacred and Pro
fane Love," probably painted just before
Giorgione's death. Even in his early
treatment of these themes the aroma of
Giorgione's poetry has evaporated.. It is
true that the sensuousness has not vet, as
it will later, lapse Into complete sensual
ity, but Titian already shows in the "Pro
fane Love" his delight in the splendors of
the female form. • .' -
. After his . Paduan work Titian signal
ized his return to Venice by a superb "St.
Mark Enthroned' Among Saints" (1512),
and then, aspiring; to a more public rec
ognition of his position, hp began, in 1613
an attempt to dispossess of his monopoly
the aged monarch. Giovanni Bellini. Ti
tian's appointment as state painter help
. (i to procure him the favor of. his first
great art patron, Alfonso d'Este, Juke of.
Kerrara, for whom he painted, religious,
allegorical and mythological subjects, as
well as portraits. : for many years. The
famous "Christ and the Tribute Money"
in Dresden was painted for him. Titian's
male portraits at this time still had the
gentle, poetic melancholy of Giorgione,
i without the sensuality that had crept Into
his female figures. The bearded man In
Munich, and especially the superb
i "Young Man With the Glove" (Louvre),
! are the most exquisite of this class, the
most sympathetic of all the master's por
traits. The famous "Flora" (Ufflzl) still
| retains, with all its sensuousness', some of
i the poetry of the past.
Titian soon substituted for the Glor
gionesque repose great- vehemence of
1 action and luxuriance of form. He shows
it in his Bacchanalian series for the Duke
: of Ferrara, especially in the superja "Bac
i chus and Ariadne" (National gallery), and
. in his great religious pictures, notably
I his great altar piece in the Bell' Arti, the
"Assumption of the Virgin" where action
runs riot. The rather theatrical tendency
: of these years (1518-30) is shown In his
painting. ""St. Sebastian" (1522). which
Titian himself regarded at the time as his
I masterpiece; it reached Its climax in his
i "Martyrdom of St. Peter Martyr" (1530),
which was quite universally thought to
i be his greatest picture, and the first In
stance where the human figures were
l made subordinate to the landscape.
In 1523 Titian secured a second powerful
patron. Federigo Gonzaga. Duke of Man
! tua, for whom he produced the masterly
"Entombment" (Louvre), the portraits of
; the Duke and Duchess, the superb "Bel
! la" (Pltti) and the "Venus" of the Ufflzl,
working steadily for the Duke until his
death in 1540. He increased his popularity
at home by the spectacular altar piece at
the Frarl (1525) called the "Madonna dl
i <'..<;} Pesaro."
In 1527 a new period in Titian's life and
I art commenced through his association
TITIAN. BY HIMSELF.
with the notorious Pietro Aretino, the
most corrupt man of a corrupt age, and
with all his high connections and wealth
the champion blackmailer of history.
During his stay In Venice, he found Ti
tian's talents useful and so helped him to
the favor of various Italian potentates,
and especially of Charles V of Spain. - Ti
tian was- perniciously and . permanently
affected by Aretino ln his art and charac
ter, learning to fawn on the great and to
worship money in a way unworthy of the
dignity of a great artist, and learning es
pecially to prostitute his art. During this
period of his middle life Titian painted
little more than . portraits, often flatter
ing, and alluring nudes for his princely
patrons. He showed himself willing to
paint without seeing his model, as in his
portrait of Francis 1., and to give to a
woman of 50 the semblance of SO, as In
the case of Eleanora Gonzaga. Prominent
at this time is his portrait of "Hyppolito
de Medici" il'ittii. when Titian's own ex
periences helped him to portray the un
scrupulous, cruel, shifty type. A worthy
mate to it is the portrait of "Pietro Are
tino" (Pltti) himself.
Ten years after the "St. Peter Martyr"
Titian produced another great religious
picture, the "Presentation of the Virgin
in the Temple," which In its harmonious
and spectacular composition served with
the "Ecce Homo" as a model to other
Venetian masters, such as Tintoretto, and
was never surpassed by them. The prince
ly house of Farneso succeeded (1542) the
Gonzagas as Titian's patrons, and as Pope
Paul 111 was a Farnese. Titian was thus
for the first time brought Into close con
nection with the papal court. The painter
finally, when nearly 70 years old, trav
eled beyond the limits of Northern Italy
and went to Rome. There he met the
Titian Michelangelo. The two artists rep
resented not merely an artistic opposition
of design versus color— but an opposition
of character. Michelangelo was typically
strong, independent, puritanic; Titian was
supple, fawning, luxurious. There could
be no sympathy or understanding. From
the earlier Florentine masters with whom
Titian then became a little better ac
quainted, he received something; at least.
it appears as if Verrocchio were not for
eign to his "John the Baptist" (Venice)
nor Raphael to his celling picture of
"Wisdom" (S. Marco), nor even Michelan
gelo to his "Adam and Eve" (Madrid), all
of which he painted after his visit to
Rome and Florence.
Not long after Titian made an even
greater Journey, to the court of Charles
V at Augsburg, where he painted one of
his most consummate masterpieces, the
equestrian portrait of "Charles V at the
Battle of Muhlberg" (Madrid). Titian had
now for several years reached the summit
of his ambitions. He was the favorite of
popes and emperors and reared no rival.
Yet he never ceased from nagging for
money and from sending unordered pic
tures In hopes of being well paid. After
the death of Charles V Titian was in high
favor with Philip 11. whom he had more
than once painted while he was yet prince.
Perhaps it was the influence of Spanish
fanaticism gradually creeping over him,
perhaps It was the advance of old age. but
whatever the reason may be we see Titian
gradually returning to religious scenes
and treating them with less- triviality and
less brutality. At the same time he does
not so often treat nude figures and myth
ological scenes. Aretino was dead; neo
cathollcism was supreme. The "Christ
Crowned With Thorns" (Munich) and the
"Pieta" (Venice. Bell' Arti), on which the
master was engaged at the time of his
death, are good examples of this kind of
pseudo-religious hysteria that formed
quite a lengthy prelude to his death in
1576. during the great plague.
The significance of Titian's art lies not
in drawing or composition, but In color
ing. His drawing was indifferent, though
Michelangelo regarded <t as defective. His
ability to compose, at first decidedly sec
ond-rate, became excellent, but his large
compositions never were his most char
acteristic pieces— as • compositions. Neith
er is Titian suggestive and inspiring in
the theme or the inner life of his pic
tures, as are so many other great Italian
artists. The delight he does give us—
often but not always— ls almost purely
through the color sense; in the landscape,
the atmosphere, the combinations and
gradations of tone, the play of light, the
inwardness of color. Pie shows extreme
reticence for a Venetian in producing his
(Continued in Column Seven, Page Two.)
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
(Copyrighted, 1599. by Seymour Eaton.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE. DIRECTED BY PROFESSOR
BEfMOUR EATON.
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
I. NEW WORDS AND HOW TO USE
THEM.
Keep a common writing pad on your
desk. When you hear a new word which
Interests you or when you come across
one In your reading jot it down. Take time
to look up Its meaning. Frame sentences
in which this word is used correctly. In
corporate it into your own vocabulary by
using it in your conversation the very
first chance you get, not in an affected
way, but as part of your everyday speech.
You must learn to distinguish between
words suitable for conversation and words
which are better adapted to the printed
page. Conversational speech has soul and
feeling. Written speech may be technical,
scientific, exact; the meaning Is conveyed
wholly by the words, while in conversation
the meaning is conveyed In part by the
gesture, the voice, and the personality of
the speaker. Take the following twelve
words for your first lesson and add a
dozen more of your own choosing during
the,' week:' •
Resume— This Is a French word which has
come Into common use. It Is pronounced ray
zsu-may. with accent upon tirst and last syl
lables. It means a summary, a summing, up.
a condensed account. We may say that a par
ticular magazine or paper gives a good resume
of current events.
Connoisseur— Pronounced con-i-seur.' with the
accent upon the last syllable. A connoisseur
ls a critical judge, or rather a person who Is
competent to pass critical judgment upon any
thingl! The word Is most commonly used In
speaking of a person thoroughly competent to
pass judgment upon the work of son:., par
ticular department of art. A man who la mak
ing a specialty of collecting rare water colors
and who is considered from long experience
competent to pass upon a picture offered is
said, to be a connoisseur In water colors.
Altruistic— This word is now very commonly
used. The noun Is altruism. It Is opposed to
selfishness. Any movement having for its chief
end the good of others may I"' termed al
truistic. Note this word in your newspaper
and magazine reading. You are- sure to meet
it.
Ghetto— name Ghetto Is given to the pur:
of a city or town formerly set apart for tlv-
Jews. as In Rome or Frankfort-on-the-Rhlm
At present this name is a synonym for "Jew
is): quarter."
Radical — Measures are radical when they ai •
extreme or directly opposed to conventional
or commonplace methods. A man is radical
when he is the opposite of conservative in
his ideas and methods in political, religious
and social affairs. The radical breaks away
from all traditions and established customs.
Salon— Pronounced sah-long. with the second
syllable accented. An apartment in which a
company is to receive: hence, [ a fashionable
reception or gathering. The name salon is
specifically applied to periodic social reunions
In Paris. The name ls also applied to the an
nual exhibition in Paris of works of living
artists.
' Bohemian— A person, especially an artist or
literary man, who leads a free life, having
little regard to what society he frequents and
despising the conventional. One who prefers
adventure and speculation to settle, Industry
and who doeS net work well in the harness of
ordinary life. This word is pretty generally
used in America as the opposite of conven
tional. The bohemian's dress and habits and
dinners and pleasures are not always in har
mony with the rules or customs of society.
Personality— A man's personality Is that
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES
FOR BOYS.
I. ABITHMETIC OF THE WORK
SHOP. ■*.<
Note— Boys and young men beginning the
work of this. course should have a knowledge
of elementary arithmetic as far as common
fractions, including tables known as long,
square and cubic measures.
Lesson No. 1.
Lengths or distances are measured by
the foot, yard or mile. Land is measured
by the chain, which consists of 100 links
and is 22 yards long. Areas are measured
by the square foot, square yard or square
mile. Solids are measured by the cubic
inch, cubic foot or cubic yard.
A foot of lumber is a solm containing
144 cubic inches. A piece of board a foot
square and an inch thick is said to be a
board foot. If cut Into four equal pieces
and these are placed on top of each other
so as to make a block 6 inches square and
4 inches thick it is still a board foot. To
find the solid contents of such a block we
multiply the length and breadth and
thickness together, that is HxH.\4. which
gives us 144. The student will note. then,
that a foot of lumber is 144 cubic inches
of lumber, no matter what shape the wood
may be.
In the following exercises only flat sur
faces are considered. All the boards may
be taken as only one Inch thick:
1. How many i" feet of lumber in an inch
board 8 feet long by 6 Inches wide?
.2. A floor Is the shape of the above diagram.
AB is 42 feet and AC 36 feet. It has an ele
vator shaft 8 feet by 10 feet in the center.
Find the cost at 5 cents a foot of the Inch
lumber necessary to cover the remainder of
the floor.-
3. How many feet of lumber In a board
feet 6 Inches long by 16 inches wide?
_. A tight board fence 6 feet high is to b-
THE CALL'S
Home Study Instruction Course
Will prove of interest and benefit
to people . in all; walks of life.
Bankers, Lawyers, Merchants, Mechanics, Educators, Students
Are all equally interested. Please
interest your friends in the Home
Study Circle.
which pertains to his person, the things which
: characterize him. the impression made by his
| person. Personality differs from address. A
; man of good address is a man who is well
dressed and of courteous, free and gentlemanly
I speech. A man of pleasing personality Is a
. man the goodness of whose character impresses
: one immediately. A man of strong personality
< is a man with strong and effective power of
Will. : -; .-
Bourgeois— Pronounced boor-zhwah. This
word Is commonly used in the sense of unre
fined or uncultured. In France the name bour
geoisie (boor-zhwah-ze) Is used to designate the
middle or artisan class as distinguished from
the aristocracy.
Stilted Elevated and stiff as If on stilts;
hence the word Is used in the sense of mechan
ical or unnatural: a*. a lilted walk: a stilted
letter: a stilted style: a stilted speech.
Diplomacy— The art and practice of conduct
ing negotiations between nations, The name Is
applied generally In the sense of tact, or nf
dexterity and skill in the management of men.
We say that a man Is diplomatic when he ex
ercises keen Judgment and a cautious policy
in securing the co-operation of other men. Ths
word politic is very similar In meaning, but
refers more to careful personal relations
Renaissance— jPronour.ccil ren-nay-sahns. This
word means a new birth, a revival or resur
rection, and Is applied specially to the period
of awakening in arts and letters during the last
centuries of the dark ages. The renaissance
Li-iran in Italy In the fourteenth century and
snread gradually over Western Europe. The
name Is applied also to the art and architec
ture which belonged to that period of history,
.1- "The renaissance style of building and
decoration succeeded th» gothlc and sought
to reproduce the forms of classical ornamen
tation."
This series will be continued next week.
Let us turn now to a few suggestions and
cautions which will aid us In our written
speech.
When we speak of pure air, pure water
or pure gold we mean air. gold or water
that has been cleared of all extraneous
matter. Similarly, when we speak of pure
language we mean language that had been
cleared of all extraneous words' and
phrases. The dross of language consists
of vulgarisms, words and phrases that
should be avoided even In conversation—
■ ii'h as "kid" for child, "kick the bucket."
"you bet," etc.; colloquialisms, words and
ohrases admissible in conversation, but
•^r.t suitable for written composition, such
.; "jiffy" for Instant, "sat upon" for cen
sured, etc. Colloquialisms when used at
the proper time and place may give force
and Best to conversation. A colloquial
ism' which may be quite proper In the
s-.peech of one person may be wholly out
of place in the speech of another; provin
cialisms, words confined to some particu
lar province or locality; obsolete words,
foreign words which have not been incor
porated into our language; newly coined
words. We must not rid our speech of all
its spice and ginger and snap, but It must
be remembered that these qualities cannot
be introduced by words merely. Lan
guage is simply the wire which carries the
message. - - - - •
Propriety of language means the using
of words (1) in their proper senses, (2) in
proper connections. Any sense or connec
tion of words may be considered proper
that has the concurrent authority of
standard writers who have lived near
enough to our own time to be regarded as
safe guides for present usage. We shall
take up for our lesson next week a few
common improprieties of speech.
built around a field SO rods by 40 rods. How
much lumber will It take? (Note— 'od is
iti'-. feet.)
5. How many square inches are there on the
two sides of a board which is 7 feet 3 Inches
long by 2 feet 2 inches wide?
_6. A square yard is cut from^sr -board tS-feet
Tong md 18 Inches wide. Find the length of
the remainder.
7. A board platform 18 feet wide is to be
built around a railway station M feet by RO
feet. If the lumber is to be 1 lncb thick how
many feet it will take?
8. An advertising sign 100 feet long by 20 feet
high is made of Inch- lumber costing $30 a,
thousand .feet. Find the value of ' the lum
ber in the sign.
9. A walnut board is 10 feet long by IS Inches
wide. How many feet and inches of the length
must be cut off to make 4 I 2 board feet?
10. Find the value of the . Inch lumber at 64
cents a foot in a platform of the shape shown
in the diagram, considering that each arm of
the cross (AB or CD) Is 18 feet long and 6
feet wide. ,
HINTS AXD ANSWERS.
Lesson Xo. 1. (1) 4 feet. The board Is 96
inches by 6 Inches. 06xfi divided by. 144 equals
4. (2) $7160. The area of the whole floor id
"12 square feet and the area of the elevator
space Is SO square feet. There are therefore
. !?.2 feet to be covered and each square foot
•presents a board foot. (3) IS feet. -'(4) 19,810
* ft. (5) 4324 square inches. (6) 12 feet. A
;-quare yard contains 9 times 144, or 1296 square
inches. This divided by IS Inches (the breadth*
gives 72 Inches (the length). If 6 feet' are cut
off 12 feet will remain. (7) 4176 feet. The
platform In a straight line would be 232 feet
long by IS feet wide. (S) $60. (9) 3 feet. It
is necessary to cut off 64S square inches. {4' a
square feet). A surface 36 inches long by IS
inches wide equals C4S square inches. (10;
ill 70.
Note— Lessons In drawing, office arith
metic and business records will follow the
lessons In "Arithmetic of the Workshop."POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
righted, 1599, by Seymour Eaton.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME STUDY CIP.CLE. DIRECTED BY PROFESSOR
SEYMOUR EATON.
POPULAR STUDIES IN
SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. William J.
nolle. Lr. Edward Dowden, Dr. Albert S. Cook.
Dr. Hiram Coreon. Dr. Hamilton W. Mab'.c.
3>r. Isaac X. Demrr.cn, Dr. Ylda D. .-vii .1-
ur.d ethers.
PLAY: LOVE'S LABOR'S LOST.
I.— Story of the Play.
The King of Navarre, "the sole Inheritor
of a.l perfections that a man may own,"
has made a vow that
"Tii: p.Ttnful study shrill outwear thre6 years.
Xo w--.n-.nn may approach hts silent court."
Three gentlemen of the King's court
have sworn that "for the three years'
term" they will "live with him as his fel
low-aehclars." One article of tho vow or
oath reads as follows:
"Item, If any man he •■en to talk with a
woman within the term of three years he shall
endure rucli public fihame as the rest of tlie
court can possibly devise."
Presently there comes to Navarre, In
tending to visit the court of the King, the
noble and beautiful Princess of France,
attended by threo noble and beautiful la
dies. The Princess is upon an embassy
for her father, the King of France, who is
oldj feeble ar.d 111.
1 he lying of Navarre and his three cour
tiers are dismayed. Tbey do not wish to
be unkmd, nor do they wish to deny them
selves the happiness of meeting those no
hie and beautiful ladies. And yet tbey do
net wish to bo forsworn ef their oath.
Finally, sinco necessity knows no law,
they agver to be forsworn of their oath
thin much:: They will meet the Princess
and her train witbout the precincts of the
court; "nut tho ladies are not to he ad
mitted within the precincts.
When fhe- :ne?t!ng takes place the King
red !:!s throe courtiers fail in love with
tbe Princess and her threo ladies, re
spectively. But for shame's sake they will
not confess their loves to one another, ln
the »nd, however, through a series of mis-
THB BTREKT IN WHICH SHAKESPEARE LIVED.
adventures, they become acquainted with I
their common predicament, and they
unite upon a common plan to obtain the
favor of their loved ones.
The Princess and her ladies also find ;
out about the gentlemen's predicament. ;
and determine to have some merriment 1
over the affair. So when the King and!
Ms courtiers. li the disguise of Musco- 1
vites; visit the Princess and her ladies, the
Princess and her ladies also disguise them
selves. The result is that every one of ihe
four gentlemen makes love to the wrong ;
lady.
When subsequently the . ■ lemon visit
the ladies In their proper guise and again
declare their loves the ladies mercilessly
laugh at ih<Mii for their former blunders.
In the ond. however, the lovers are all ac- j
cepted, but only on condition of each do- i
ing a year's penance, as, for example, re
treating---
--"To ff-nir.e forlorn and naked hermitage" —
this not only because of the broken oaths,
but also to show that their lova is
lasting.
Note — Road the play before reading any
of the studies which follow. Note Dr.
Cook's directions, as published in The Call j
on Monday. I
II. — A Neglected Comedy. i
"Love's Labor's Dost" Is 'haps the ;
least read of Shakespeare's comedies; and
f.tr this neglect it is easy to assign a rea
son. The play, probably Shakes] first
attempt at independent dramatic compos!
tion, is, on the surface at least, of a quite j
different character from his other come- I
dies. Willie these deal with the lasting
attributes of human nature and find their I
humor in the perennially ridiculous as- i
necta of man's character. "Dove's Dabor's
Dost" is a satiric fling at contemporary j
follies and provokes laughter by its cari- :
cature of figures and fashions well-known j
to its first hearers, but as forgotten to tho •
averafif: reader of to-day as the heroes '
wbo lived before Agamemnon. Just as i
"Patience" some years back swept over
England ar.d America In a peal of merry ;
mocking laughter; but has already passed
away into tne dark backward Ind abysm ;
of time; so this piay of Shakespeare's, i
which once set the pit of the Blackfriars |
theater roaring, and sweetly commended
itself to the fancy of good Queen Bess j
and the learning of wise King James, is j
now to aM intents dead past hope of re- I
surrection from the shelves of the library .
to ttie boards of the stage. 'Die allusions
to tlie fantastic Monarcbo, to tho dancing I
horse, to ihe last fashionable licentious j
poem, ali ring Mow to-day, and when I
Shakespeare's merry gentlemen belabor I
th* long-forgotten fashion of pedantic and |
affected speech, the reader Is Inclined to 1
cry with Armado: "The sweet war man ls i
dead ar.d rotten; sweet chucks, beat not 1
tbe bones of the dead." '.
And yet for the student of Shakespeare)
"Love's Labor's Lost" has a peculiar in
terest. It was the special favorite of the',
young Goethe and nis circle of Shakes- !
r-enre worshipers at Strasburg. : I iegel, I
the great champion of the romantic school j
In Germany, spoke of It as a model com- i
edy of the finest wit and the most de- {
lightful mirth. Nor has it been without '•
honor In its own country. Coleridge says:
"If this juvenile drama had been the only j
one extant of our Shakespeare, and we i
possessed the tradition only' of his riper
works, how many of Shakespeare's char
acteristic features might we not still '
have discovered, though as in a portrait j
of him taken In his boyhood." Charles i
Lamb loved It as the comedy of 'leisure. I
"most nonsense, bost sense"; and Pater \
has devoted to !t one of the most ''harm
ing of hip charming appreciations.
lll. —History of the Play.
All critics agree that "Love's Labor's
Dost" Is one of the earliest of Shake- ;
speare's plays, and some of the highest
authorities rank It as his first Independ
ent work. General consent puts the date
of its composition somewhere between 1589
and U.W. We need not trouble ourselves |
about the exact year. When* we know
that wo have In "Dove's Labor's Lost" j
one cf the earliest. If not the very first, 1
of Shakespeare's •' lons In the field of
poetic comedy, we know enough.
The statement that it is one of Ms earl- I
lest creations applies, however. only to the j
first draft of "Love's Labor's Lost," and •
not to the drama as It lies before us to- I
day. On the title page of the first cdi- !
tion, a quarto, published in D'sS, we read: 1
"A Pleasant
Conceited Corned!*
Called
Loves labors ioßt.
As lt was preaetsted before her Hlghnes
tnis last Chrletrras.
Newly ,'norrected and augmented
by W. Shakespeare."
"'Newly corrected and augmented"— for
when her gracious mates-. •■• deigned to
cast the radiant beams' of her favor upon
the young dramatist, whose wit. pathos
end sentiment were packing the play
houses In the suburbs, and commanded j
a performance of bis popular dramatic j
satire for the entertainment of her court
on Christmas day, it was not for him to 1
I, resent ii in its first rough form. It must j
be retouched and decked out with such or
l.ar.ier.t cf rinsing verse as the author of |
"Uoir.eo and Juhet" and "The Merchant 1
of Venice" had at nis command. And 1
there w«3 another reason. Among the
ladies of the court who would watch the
performance was a certain black-eyed
maid of honor whom Shakespeare loved,
and who had given im her bluest veins
lo kisp. He would write his love for her
into the play. court her by the mouth of
its here. Others might laugh over the
mn of the performance, the love which 1
lav l>o)o\v toe surface would be a secret
between them alone. But more of this
later.
It is not hard to discover some of the I
additions that Shakespeare made to the
play ln 1507. In two passages at least we
can see where the printer of the first edi
tion, working probably from a playhouse
copy interlined and with marginal read
ings, has struck off the old and the new
in one confused jumble. The lirst of these
is rowne's famous eulogy of love (act
IV, scene .1), the second Rosaline's Judg
ment on her lover (act V, scene 2). The
Inequality in length of the acts shows us
where the "augmentations" have been
made. The characters of Rosaline and
Berowne must have been strengthened,
and It is possible that the figure of tho
pedant schoolmaster was added as a com
panion piece to the pedant curate of the
first sketch.
IV.— Points of Special Interest.
In spile of what has been said above as I
i to the comparative lack of interest of
this lay for the general reader, there are >
few comedies of Shakespeare that will
' bettor repay a close and sympathetic
: study than "Love's Labor's Lost. It Ss
'. a play of beginnings, and we may see in
1 it the art of Shakespeare In the germ, or
rather in a bud just unfolding, sweet In
; itself, and full of glorious promise. It is
; a play of youth; the young King, the
! young Princess, the young amorous lords j
and ladies dominate the scenes. And in •
; the flash and parry of the weapons of |
i young wit we catch the mind of the young i
1 poet. And it Is a play In which the per
| sonallty of the author shines out through
I the thin veil of the hero, and we see, if
i not exactly Shakespeare himself, Shakes
■ pi ire as he wished himself to appear in
: the eyes of his mistress.
! V. Shakespeare's Art in the Play.
The dramatic art shown in the con
struction of the plot is of the vers* slight
est. The story, drawn no one knows
whence, Is a mere pep on which to hang
a spangled robe of wit and poetry. A
King of Navarro decides to turn his court
into a little academe. Ho and his followers
tate vows to study hard, to sleep little,
to fast often and above all to shun the
society of women, in order that they may
drink deep uf the delights of learning and
earn In their lives the fame that shall
live registered upon their brazen tombs."
But the best laid schemes, even of a stu
dious king and his bookmatds, jtang aft
agley. A I'rincess of France comes upon
the scene with her ladies, as an ambassa
dress from her old father. Of mere ne
cessity the late made vows are broken.
The King and his lords enter into parley
with the Princess and her ladies, and no
sooner enter Into parley than thoy fall in
love, and no socner fall in love than they
begin to woo their mistresses. The ladles,
not ignorant of the vows rashly made and
quickly broken, repay their court with
merry scorn, till at the close a graver note
strikes across the silver laughter, as a
messenger announces thi death of the
King of France. The Princess retires to
a year's sojourn in a mourning bouse, and
for a twelve months' space the lovers i
must wait for their answer. "Our wooing
doth not end like an old play,'' says the
Irrepressible Berowne, with half a sigh i
for tho penalty assigned him. "Jack hath
not Jill." And so for the year at least,
love's labor's lost. Could any plot be
lighter, slighter, brighter!
Even In the character drawing we see
the 'prentice hand, not without promise '
indeed of greater things to come, but still
the 'prentice hand. Tho King and the !
Princess are graceful, but shadowy fig
ures. There is not a hair, to choose be- ;
tween Longaville and Dumain, or between
Katherine and Maria. Even the humorous I
persons of the play Armado, Holofernes, :
Costard— follow along lines strictly laid'
down in the old comedy— the Braggart,
the Pedant and the Clown— as indeed they I
are sometimes called In th.- first edition".
But if any one wishes to see how much
of the wine of wit Shakespeare has pour
ed Into these old bottles, one has but to
compare Armado with his prototype, Sir \
Tophas, in Lilly's "Endymion." Only in
the figures of Berowne and Rosaline, i
where the 'prentice hand has been rein- j
forced by the master's touch, do we feel
ourselves In the presence of a pair of j
Shakespeare's men and women, co much I
more alive than the crowds that go about
the street and make as though they lived. j
Berowne. In especial, Is a masterpiece!
His ready wit. his firm hold on the facts I
of life, his unquenchable good humor, I
mark him as one of the characters that I
Shakespeare loved. He subscribes the
oath presented by the King with a laugh- |
ing protest against its Ideality. He falls
in love and jests at his own folly.
"What. I. I love! I sue! I seek a wife!"
With what good-humored malice does !
he upbraid his fellows when their broken I
vows come to light; with what easy grace I
does he confess the fact when his one
love-caused perjury Is revealed. How elo- 1
quently he defends the oath-breaking of I
the little band of lovers and extols Its
cause: •
"From woman's eyes this doctrine I derive; ;
They sparkle still the right Promethean fire:
They are tin* books, the arts, the academes,
That show, contain and nourish all the world." |
Unconquerably sanguine he rises above i
each rebuff of his mocking lady, and ac- •
cepts with whimsical resignation her sen
tence "to jest a twelvemonth in a hospi
tal." If anything was wanting in his
character; it was a little mote of the milk
of human kindness, a little more open- I
eyed perception of the suffering In th* j
world. And this we feel that he will gain
He will finish his year's penance not a■■
sadder, but perhaps a gentler man.
Rosaline, the first of tie mad girls
"that mock their lovers so," is a fair
portress* of l at temple of the comic
spirit More than a match in the fence of !
wit for Berowne himself, vet always pre- I
serving a certain decorum which lifts her
above most of the characters of the play I
she is as wise as she is witty. She knows ;
the worth of her lover and his weakness I
as we", and with unerring instinct lays'
her finger on the spot. When she turns >
upon the man "replete with mocks full
of comparisons and wounding flouts' 1 and
dispatches him to
"Visit the speechless sick and still converts I
With groaning wretches, and your task shall bo '
With 'all the fierce endeavor of your wit ' I
To for-.;* the pained Impotent to smile" ' I
we feel the Justice as well as the severity
of the sentence, at once a punishment and
a remedy. j
Dr. Brandes sees in Rosaline and Be
rowne the first sketch of Beatrice and
Benedick, and there is a certain similarity
In the situation. But when we hear Rosa
lino exulting over her lover's plight and
promising herself all the joys of a petty I
tyranny— "This same Berowne I'll torture
ere I go"— we are Irresistibly reminded of
a gentler lady than Beatrice and a wit
tier maid than Rosaline herself, the pret
ty page of the forest of Arden, who ied
Orlando through such a mad cure for the
madness of love, being "effeminate
changeable, longing and liking; proud) ■
fantastical, apish, shallow. Inconstant'
ful! of tears, full of smiles, for every pas- !
sion something and for no passion truly
anything." The dawn of Rosaline is the
promise of Rosalind.
Note— Studies Nos. 11. 111, IV and V 1
are by Dr. Parrott of Princeton Univer- !
sity. The study of "Dove's Dabor's Lost"
will be continued on Monday next.
« ♦ ■
f . ♦
+ Interest your friends ♦
X in "The Call's" Home ♦
f Study Circle. An illus- +
£ trated booklet giving ▼
♦ a list of courses will be ♦
£ sent free upon request i
+ . + '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL: HOME STUDY CIRCLE SUPPLEMENT.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
(Copyrighted, 1699. by Seymour Eaton.)
IffiS SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE. DIRECTED BY PROFESSOR
SEYMOUR EATOX.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
I. SAMUEL ADAMS.
BY BERNARD C. STEIXER, PH. D.
To no one does the cause of American
independence owe more than to this man
who with invincible persistence and
shrewd far-sightedness so conducted the
cause of those among the colonists who
opposed the taxation of Americans by the
British Parliament that a majority of all
the British subjects in each colony were
willing to unite in declaring their inde
pendence from all foreign rule. He was a
typical puritan, upright, firm, determined,
religious, devoted to his cause, somewhat
narrow, but with the narrowness of the
sharp-edged sword. He was above all else
a politician— a professional and practical
politician. His early ventures in business
were unsuccessful. His malt house was
soon closed, his tax collect'orshlp life him
involved In debt, and. living on the email
remains of his father's estate, he devoted
the remainder of his days to political life.
Adams was of unblemished integrity. His
means were so narrow that his frugal and
devoted wife was at times called upon to
aid in the support of the family and he
was indebted to friends for the clothes he
wore, vet no temptation to amass wealth
touched him. He was above bribery or
influence by money. Adams was a
faithful son of Massachusetts and Boston.
Until he went to the continental Congress
In 1774 he seems never to have left his na
tive State, nor indeed to have ever gone
any distance from his residence. Except
for his journeys to attend ' the various
congresses of which he was a member,
he seems never to have gone from home.
Others might hold foreign embassies; for
him Boston was all sufficient. In Boston
his influence was lons supreme. The roy
alist Governor of Massachusetts rightly
called him "the grand, incendiary of the
province," for the whole of Massachusetts
was set on fire by the Boston town meet
ing and the moderator and master of that
meeting was Samuel Adams. He did not
enter into public life early, but from 1705,
when he was first elected as a represent
ative from Boston to the great and gen
erai court, to 1797, when he resigned the
Governorship of the State, his whole time
was devoted to the service of the people,
lt was noted that be cared not to discuss
social, scientific or religious matters with
friends; all his thoughts were on politics,
and ln old age his favorite theme was the
struggle with Great Britain, in which he
had borne so great a part. Upright him
self, he insisted on civic virtu.- and strove
to draw promising and able young men
into public service. His kinsman, John
Adams, and John Hancock, whose wealth
and social position were of great value
to the colonists, were two of those he in
troduced into politics.
Through a long career we find but little
to criticise in his actions from a moral
point of view. He was doubtless somewhat
disingenuous In his treatment of the let
ters of Governor Hutchinson and in some
of his arguments, but the wonder is rather
that in the heat of controversy he was
swayed so little from the path of abso
lute rectitude.
He cared not for personal advancement
and seemed to feel little bitterness when
the people set him aside for a time. Adams
trusted the people and believed that their
decisions as to men were right. To in
fluence these decisions as to measures he
applied himself with the utmost vigor.
He was born ln 1722, and educated at
Harvard College, where he took his
bachelor's degree in 1740, and his master's
degree in 1743. It was afterward remem
bered, as a presage of his future, that his
master's thesis was an affirmative answer
to the question "Whether it be lawful to
resist the supreme magistrate, if the com
monwealth cannot be otherwise pre
served." •
When 26 years of age he began furnish
ing to the newspapers the first of those
long series of articles on government
which had so much effect. His style of
writing was clear and Incisive, his argu
ments were forcible and logical. Adams
used few mataphors and quotations, his
writings were not graceful, but they were
never dull and were always convincing.
In these first essays we .find the same
ideas expressed as he statad again and
again in later years: "Whoever acquaints
us that we have no right to examine Into
the conduct of those who, though they
derive their power from us to serve the
common Interests, make use of it to im
poverish and ruin us, is ln a degree a
rebel— to the undoubted rights and liber
ties of the people. He that leaves no
stone unturned to defend and propagate
the schemes of illegal power cannot be es
teemed a loyal man."
Adams always took a deep interest in
popular education, and his first public
oflice was that of school visitor, to which
he was appointed in 1703. His whole course
of effort against Great Britain was what
we would call a "campaign of education."
tie appealed chiefly to the intellects of his
fellow-citizens, though he was too skill
ful to omit altogether the appeal to emo •
tions. When the stamp act showed the
policy of Great Britain toward America
he drafted his first public paper, a series
of instructions to their representatives,
adopted by the Boston town meeting on
May 24, 1764. He stood steadfastly for the
principle of no taxation without repre
sentation, and, unlike Otis discerned from
the first that representation of any sort
ln the British Parliament was Impracti
cable. In these early resolutions he
claims that the stamp tax "annihilates
our charter rights to govern and tax our
selves. It strikes at our British privi
leges, which, as we have never forfeited
them, we hold in common with our fellow
subjects who are natives of Britain.- If
taxes are laid upon us in any shape, with
out our having a legal representation
where they are laid, we are reduced from
the character of subjects to the miserable
state of tributary slaves." Adams ad
vanced from this position so as to main
tain, In 1773, that Parliament had no right
to legislate for the colonies in America
The attempt of the British to seize him
and Hancock Just before the battle of
Lexington was not a mistaken one. He
had been the very forefront of opposition
Governor Bernard had found him an in
vincible opponent. Governor Hutchinson
had succeeded no better, though he had
been born and brought up In Massachu
setts, and Governor Gage was shortly to
be driven from Boston because of " the
activity of the colonists which Adams
had aroused. His kinsman, John Adams
said of him: "The talents of that great
man were of the most exalted, though not
of the most showy kind. Love of country,
his exertions in her service through a long
course of years • * * under the royal
government and through the whole of the
subsequent revolution and always in sup
port of tho same principles— his inflexible
integrity, his disinterestedness, his invarl
ble resolution, his sagacity, his patience,
j perseverance and pure public virtue were
: nexer exceeded by any man ln America."
Adams was prudent enough to see from
■ the very first that Boston alone or even
the whole of Massachusetts, could not en
dure successfully the burden of the strug
gle with England. To secure even the
hope of success the co-operation of all the
i other colonies was necessary. In the res
i olutions of 1764, to which wo have refer
red, the. Necessity of united effort is stated
thus: "As his majesty's other North
American colonies are embarked with us
in this most Important bottom, we further
desire you to use your endeavors that
their weight may be added to that of this
province that, by the united application
of all who are aggrieved, all may obtain
redress." This Insistence on the Import
i ance of united action was never lost by
• Adams. He continued to struggle for it.
i In 1788 he Induced the Legislature to send
i a circular letter to the other colonies.
Massachusetts was the chief offender, but
i she struggled for a principle whose im-
SAMUEL ADAMS.
I portance was equal to all the colonies. We
j must never think of the colonies as actu- '
i ally suffering from oppression, though the
■ strong language of their documents often
; state that as a fact. What Adams strug
gled against was the validity of a doctrine
Which would make oppression possible. In
that struggle he often thought that In this '
time of common distress it would be the
wisdom of the colonists more frequently '
to correspond with and to be more atten
tive to the particular circumstances of
each other. "It seems of late to havo*
been the policy of the enemies of America
to point their artillery against one prov
ince only and artfully to draw off the at
| tention of the other colonies, and. If pos
■ slide, to render that single province odious i
to them, while it Is Buffering ministerial i
vengeance for the sake of the common I
cause. But it Is to be hoped that the colo
nists will be aware of this artifice. At this
juncture an attempt to subdue one prov- *
Ince to despotic power is justly to be con- ;
sid< red as an attempt to enslave the i
whole. The colonies form one political
body of which each is a member. The
liberties of the whole are invaded, there
fore, the Interest of the whole to support
each individual with all their weight and
j influence."
I As the clouds thickened his masterly re- I
; sistance to the ill-judged British policy !
was continued and the skill -with which
' he managed the colonial cause, keeping !
I within constitutional measures, was clear- I
)ly shown. His newspaper articles, pub- I
j lished as was the custom of the day un
[ dei some such norn de plume as "Can
! dlde," did much to crystallize the opposi- j
tion. His descendant and biographer, j
Wells, rightly calls him "the true father I
j of Democracy in America, whose voice j
I and pen were employed for the common |
! people; and he labored to build up Amer
lean liberty, not only by public measures,
but by cultivating an Individual inde
pendence of thought among the working
classes, as the true basis of national free
dom." So successful was he in his con
trol of the people and so did he wield his
I power that in 1770 Hutchinson was obliged
' to withdraw from town to the fort in the
harbor the two British regiments, who
had been engaged In that unfortunate af- '
j fray known as the Boston massacre. In
, the same year, through his influence, the
Assembly appointed a committee of cor
respondence "to communicate such intel
ligence as may be necessary to the agent
and others in Great Britain and also to
• the speakers of the several Assemblies
i through the continent, or to such com- !
1 mittee of correspondence as they have or
may appoint. This Idea was still further
carried out by the more famous resolu- i
tion of the town of Boston In November I
! 1772, appointing a like committee to "state 1
the rights of the colonists, and of this j
I province in particular, as men and Chris- i
■ tians and subjects, and to communicate i
. publicly the same to the several towns '■
and to the world, as the sense of this
1 town, with the Infringements and viola
; tions thereof that have been or from time
,to time may be made." So strong was his
longing for confederation of all America
that he always sought to include Canada
In tho continental combination.
The destruction of the tea in Boston
; harbor was managed by Adams, and
I when the port bill closed that harbor
Adams acted as the chairman of the com
'■ mittee. to distribute the donations which
I came so generously from the other
States. He was chosen a member of the
First Continental Congress, and served in
that body for seven years, or nearly until
, the end of the war. Earliest of all the
I colonists he longed for Independence and
, at one time, discouraged by the slow prog
ress of the other colonies toward the ac
ceptance of that idea, he thought of a
separate Independent confederation of the
New England colonies. lie won. however'
; and had the joy of seeing the adoption of
; the resolution for independence Intro
j duced by his friend, R. H. Dee ■
. Wit the achievement of independence
: his chief work was done. There were stir
( twenty years of useful service ahead for
i him. however. He was one of those who
prepared the articles of confederation
! and. in J?- service on the marine board
i did much to build up the navy, for whose
; needs as well as for his State's interests!
.he Insisted on our preservation of our
rights to the Newfoundland fisheries He
served at home, in his absence from Con
gress as Secretary of State, and when the
i State's constitution was prepared he sat
' _%, a useful member of the convention
After retiring from Congress we find him
! In the Massachusetts Senate as strong an
i opponent of Great Britain as ever and
bitter against allowing the Tories to re
turn. He was classed as an anti-federal- i
: ist, yet was convinced that the people de
: sired the adoption of the Federal consti- '
tution, and voted therefor in the ratify in i
: convention, while proposing amendments
in the form of a bill of rights. He was a ;
stanch supporter of law and order in the
turbulent time of Shay's rebellion. Thi '
| people of Massachusetts honored him to
; the last. A long standing disagreement
between himself and Hancock was made
up in 1,88, and after serving as council
and lieutenant governor he succeeded to
I J, h ♦.? OV -£ rnors ' lip ln 1793 ' at Hancock's!
I death. By successive re-elections he held!
(Continued In Sixth Column.)
HOME SCIENCE-HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
(Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE. DIRECTED BY PROFESSOR
SEYMOUR EATON.
HOME SCIENCE AND
HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
I. THE HOME CONSTRUCTION.
BY HELEN CAMPBELL.
If men lived like men Indeed, their houses
would be temples, which we should hardly dare !
injure, and in which lt would make us holy to
be permitted to live. • • * 1 would have, then,
our ordinary dwelling houses built to iast. and
built to be lovely, as right and full of pleasant- j
ness as may be. within and without, and with
such differences as might express each .man's
character and occupation and partly his his
tory.
In our American life, with its perpetual j
grasp for something better than its past ,
has known, each man may be said to \
build a house to escape from rather than
to record his history. The majority pre
fer not to look backward, and the new
house enshrines no memory of the early
days of its owner, which may have been
in dugout or log cabin or in one of the
uncompromisingly hideous little boxes
thai make the suburbs of many cities.
But Ruskin, whose words open this pa
per, is, as usual, right In his demand that
the house of man shall be something it
seldom occurs to us to make it— temple
wherein ordered and harmonious growth
may be a part of the daily life. The house
should be the best and utmost expression
of the home spirit; the best adaptation of
means to ends; the utmost convenience |
and comfort for all under its roof; the i
greatest ease in necessary work; the best |
space for individual as well as family life. <
i How is this to be brought about? The |
! plan is left to the general builder, the i
[ contractor, whose business It Is to make !
as much show for the money spent as |
brain can contrive, and to skimp and j
curtail in whatever is out of sight. Cheap j
building houses "made to sell" are the
first consideration. Houses made to last
and to improve with age have not yet en
tered our thought of construction.
At this point we see, then, certain
needs defining themselves, and we may
well group them under their distinct
heads. We are to consider
a. The Individual plan.
b. (Jen, sanitary aspects.
c. Materials and their handling.
d. Construction and its ethics.
In the limited space at command only
suggestions under each head can be given,
but it is hoped that the reader will gain
from them some new thought as to the
real nature of building and what it may
stand for in every human life. We have
tirst to consider, then,
The Individual Plan.
It will at once be insisted that there
can be no need of this, in face of the fact
that we have many books, large and
small, all devoted to the plans for all
sorts and conditions of men and their
dwelling places. There are admirable ones
to be mentioned, but this does not affect
ln the slightest the discovery made by all
who buy a house that they would have
built it quite otherwise at certainly one,
and it may be many points. It is but
very recently that the architects' confer
• ence in one of our great cities brought
from one prominent member a recom
i mendation that they turn their attention
to the architecture of farm houses, and
'a better future thereby for the farmer's
wife and children, at present compelled
to live in structures of a hideousness cal
culated to kill out the sense of beauty as
thoroughly as we find it killed out in the
mass of our people.
This is one phase, and It applies to
workmen's houses of all degrees. An-
I other and quite as Important one is thai
according to the different pursuits of the
family should be the type of room of- j
fered them. A pair Just beginning life ■,
together may take the average flat or
small house. But presently, with chil
dren and their needs to consider, it is
found that the nursery, or the living room :
which must perhaps serve this purpose,
has no sun and thus is made unfit for the J
i growing child, whose birthright is sun
i shine and the strength and healing it j
I means for all. With the departure of the
old-fashioned garret, one playground for
the child— an invaluable one, since It gave
loom for infinite "make-believe"van
ished also.- Yet the child should have its
I own play spot sacred from interference,
; preferably as remote from the other j
rooms as possible, that his noise on rainy j
! days may not interfere with others; a
place for collections of all orders, for
' toys and books and the tools the child |
j loves to use, and which are part of the
I training in use of hand and brain to- ;
> gether that presently we are all to know j
; is the first essential of education.
All this is to be planned for, and lt is I
often possible to modify or alter the for- I
mal plan of the architect and secure this
space. But the least skilled draughtsman
can take pencil and paper, think out the
: family needs as they have demonstrated
! themselves, and see first how to make a
j rough plan; then how to make the avail
able space tell to the utmost for family
comfort. No matter how small the sum,
• it will be better to do without a formal
parlor, we will say, have a living room
! ample and generous, and put the money
: saved into deadened floors and the best
finish. This matter of deadening floors is
: seldom thought about, yet for the most
i nervous people in Christendom it is es
i sential. We all know the houses where
every sound is heard throughout, and no
\ escape for tired mother, for ailing baby,
| for the invalid, If there be one. or. the
patient who wants only quiet and rest to
come to strength speedily. In our sound
ing-board houses this form of cure is im
! possible, but it need not be. Plan, then,
j to these ends, and see If there is not in
stant gain in the conception of the mean
i ing of a house and what it is to stand for >
i in the family life.
General Sanitary Aspects.
This heading means a volume. To un
derstand it fully there should be some
very earnest study, and the books best
adapted to this end are named in the lit
tle bibliography accompanying this paper.
; The shortest, most compact and most
practical Is a manual prepared under the
direction of one of the aides! of American
women, Mrs. Ellen H. Richards, profes
sor of chemistry in the Boston Institute
of Technology.- "Home Sanitation" is its
title, and it covers the ground for both
1 city and country as to the situation of the
; house, Its drainage and plumbing, its yen
, tilation, heating and lighting, a set of
1 questions at the end of each delightfully
i queer little chapter clinching all doubtful
points. There are many elaborate manu
als, but this and one or two others cover
all the ground and must be thoroughly
learned. A dry and well-drained soil, a
house planned for as much sunshine as
possible in every room, and perfect drain-
I age are the requisites for even the sim-
I plest dwelling. In the city the size of the
; lot determines much. In the country it
I can always be remembered that it is by
• no means necessary to face the street,
; and that turning the house door to the
i side may give the sun Impossible from the
i front. Storerooms are better on the north
! side for coolness, and the spare room,
! used less probably than any other, can
much better dispense with sun than those
I In constant use. A little thought over the
: general plan will settle many questions of
this nature.
Materials and Their Handling.
This is a matter supposed usually to be
j quite beyond the comprehension of
women. Yet every woman can in a short
\ time learn the difference between good
j and bad mortar, between seasoned and un
seasoned wood, between well-laid courses
of brick and the makeshift which marks
much of the cheap building* She can learn
i also what constitutes a good cellar and
good foundation, and how a cellar floor
should be made, with the virtue of cc
', ment and the value of smooth cellar
. walls. These are all phases of home sani
tation, and honest materials honestly put
I together are an equal part of it. Crocking
walls, settling and uneven floors, base
i boards shrinking away and doors sagging
1 are all part of lack of knowledge or lack
• of honesty on the builder's part. We are
i a hasty people and kiln-dry our wood,
i with no thought of the consequence. And
we are wedded to wood when all about is
another material, more beautiful, more
; durable and in many places less costly.
Common "rubble." the loose stone of the
! neighborhood, put together with good
j mortar and a course of brick here and
j there, over windows, doors, etc., as fin
ish, will make a house beautiful to look
! at, beloved of all climuing vihes, and pic
i turesque under all conditions. Or there
! may be a story of rubble and brick and
i the upper portion finished in wood. But
more and more architects— the thinking
| ones— urge the adoption of stone and
1 brick and give models within even very
| narrow means.
Construction and Its Ethics.
Practically this Is in great part included
in the heading "Materials." But there is
another point seldom thought of in the
matter of flimsy or substantial structure,
and that is the educational effect of hon
est workmanship, whether In house or its
finish and furnishing. The day for gin
gerbread work in house finish, the cheao
and most unheautiful production of the
jigsaw, is fast passing. Sanitation, is
teaching us that smooth surfaces are not
only more healthful, since they give no
lodgment to bacteria, but are also more
beautiful. Veneers, save where wood a
i of so costly an order that it must so be
used or not at all, are also out of date.
But we still put cheap finish whenever we
can, covering half-mixed mortar in walls
with gay papers and making all out of
: sight construction of the poorest quality
i of wood. Our public buildings share often
the same fate because the sort of con
i science that would not admit poor con
[ struction is not yet part of our teaching.
These things are, when we are a little
j wiser, to be a necessity in all education,
j and when that good day comes even our
I politicians will have been so drilled in
! what constitutes honest building that we
shall have a new order of homes and of
public buildings.
11. THE HOME ENVIRONMENT.
Here again we have the possibilities of
a volume in our title, but being held rig
idly to the limits of a column or two can
only outline certain points that bear upon
all homes, whether rich or poor, In city
or country. Four phases present them
selves;
a. A new thought about building.
b. Possibilities of a back yard.
c. Building for privacy.
d. A uew phase of factory work for the home.
This question of the home environment
is. like all the rest that bear upon ways
nt living, made easy or difficult by the
depth of the purse. But for the rich or
those of moderate purse must be first of :
I all some sense of beauty and fitness, or
• the story of their lack will be plain to i
read in every lino of the building and jts |
surroundings. The country home should :
seem to have grown naturally in the spot
[ where we find it, even if set close among
| its neighbors. The city house is limited
in expression by the narrow space upon
which it stands; yet even this, as we j
shall presently see, is capable of different !
treatment, and is already receiving it.
But for every town and village that has
come to the sense of beauty sufficiently to
desire the best arrangement and planning :
a harmonious whole, it is still possible to
reconstruct at least a part of the space \
occupied. The time is nearing when the
smallest settlement will be subject to
laws laid down by competent authorities,
and every house will be planned with re i
lation to its effect to the whole. Now
and from the beginning it has all been
chance work, and the thought of a gen
eral unity of plan and effect absolutely
unknown. Ppblic buildings have been at
the mercy of mere contractors, and each
town has been a mere jumble of incoher
ences. A change in this respect means a
change in the whole handling of every
phase of building; the growth of the civic
sense and of that sense of a common obli
gation to make the most and best of every
oportunity for larger, happier living. To
this end a group of friends who propose
building could easily take counsel to
gether, pool their resources, employ a
thinking architect and start in with a
definite conception of what plan of plant
ing and building would produce the best
results. The very fact of having begun
with this united purpose would give a
different expression to the whole. As we
do and always have done, a town, even
with the best natural advantages, fails to
show them to real advantage. The
wealthier people are planted In the best
places, and when it is presently discov
ered that parks and boulevards and free
access to a lake or river, for Instance, are
public needs, every desirable foot of ■
ground has already been appropriated and
everybody wonders why nobody thought ;
about it In the beginning;.
Some thought and plan, then, is what !
all must take with them who make a
country home. Suppose, however, that
one must live in a block? Even then we
are by no means so helpless as we have
believed. The great apartment houses
have shown us how much comfort can be
increased by the lessening of labor, a
common heating apparatus and plumbing
system doing away at once with some of
the heaviest labor of the private home,
the care of the fire and all the dirt and
trouble of coal and ashes. A well-known
Brooklyn builder, Alfred White, who put
up the first model tenement houses, has
since built a block of small houses, the
first one in this country, about an open
j court with fountains, trees and shrubs.
• No millionaire's house has more perfect
i finish, and building an entire block at
\ once the expense for each house was so
i reduced as to enable the landlord to rent
i them for less than the same sum charged
I for individual houses. On a small city
lot there seems no chance for change.
I Not long ago one of our best and most
\ progressive architects, Russell Sturgis.
! told" us In a popular magazine how to
j build on a city lot so that there might be
an actual front yard planted in such
! fashion, all given ln detail, drawing
by drawing, that the street seemed quite
put away.
Note— Mrs. Campbell's studies will be
continued next week.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
(Continued From Fourth Column.)
the post until 1797, when he retired from
public life. He died on October 2, 1803,
having "through a long life exhibited,
as one of his friends said, "on all occa
sions an example of patriotism, religion
and virtue honorable to the human char
acter." 7 :;
Johns Hopkins University.
....THE....
Home Science
AND
Household
Economy
Series of Articles Will
Be Edited by the
Brightest Women of
the Literary World.
HEADS OF
HOMES
Will Find This an In-
teresting and Instruc-
tive Course.
HOW TO STUDY SHAKESPEARE.
(Continued From Column Three, Page One.)
he gives an illuminative decision ("Win
ter's Tale," IV, iv, 89 ff.):
Nature Is
Made better by no mean.
But nature makes that mean; so over that art
Which you say adds to nature is an art
That nature makes.
This is an art
Which does mend nature, change It rather, Dut
The art itself is nature.
Finally, when he speaks of "the elegancy,
facility and golden cadence of poesy • .£ a
has at once named the trait by which the
unlettered most- reaclilv recognize it, and
the quantity of which" the greatest mas
ters are the quickest to appreciate tho
charm. Shakespeare studied nature but
ho labored at an art. and the measure or
his success In touching the hearts of men
is the perfection which his art attained.
So we may, if we will, begin by looking
in Shakespeare for these six things. We
may see how he loves, and studies, and re
veals man In brutes—tho human soul in
a human body— in a world which thwarts,
perplexes, amuses or inspires him, and
amid other human beings from whom he
Is strikingly dissimilar, and with whom he
is essential akin. Then we may observe
how Shakespeare never persistently and
ultimately misleads us, but always gives
us ample materials"for deciding upon the
true moral rank of each of his Important
characters. We may perceive how he is
interested to uphold the moral order of
the world, as revealed In social and polit
ical institutions, and how he lashes those
who are guilty of any attempt to subvert
this moral order, while he bestows honors
with a lavish hand upon those who are
concerned in maintaining it. We shall
then discover, on closer inspection, that
the dramatist has but slight sympathy
with other worldliriess, - with the spirit
that, regarding man as a stranger and pil
grim on the earth, deliberately sets its af
fection on things above. Next, we may
follow his pencil as, with vigorous or ten
der touches, it paints for us the appear
ance and effects of objects in the world of
sense, rarely giving us an object alone,
but associating them In groups or uniting
them by reciprocal action and influence,
as he does with his human beings. When
we have begun all this we may at length
study Shakespeare's views concerning the
wonderful art by which he was enabled
to perform these marvels, and investigate
the means by which they were actually
brought to pass. - :
Yale University.
Note — The Shakespeare studies will be
published on Mondays and Thursdays.
The study of "Dove's Dabor's Dost" will
be commenced on Thursday.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
(Continued From Column Five, Page One.)
color effects, not forcing the note, not
making a flaunting display of technical
mastery, nor seeking vivid contrasts. He
is sober and harmonious, tending more
and more, as he advances in years, to
ward a single color note, flooding the sur
face with light and obliterating outlines.
This makes him at last quite an impres
sionist, so that to appreciate many of his
late pictures it is necessary to obtain the
right distance and focus before the proper
effect of color and form can be under
stood. At close quarters they seem blur
red and careless.
But beyond the wonderful coloring
which so often gives just the intoxication
of a Venetian evening there was undoubt
edly a vivid power of characterization in
Titian's art, whether his portraits have
the clear outlines of the "Young Man
With the Glove" or are impressionistic
like the "Antiquary Strada." If the mas
ter's art is perplexing in its variety of
stages, it is due to his long life and the
changes In contemporary art; if it is un
even in its quality it is, because his lax
ity was not proof against the temptation
of pot boilers— and for this his age was
more to blame than he was. Certainly
the fact that his nature was impressiona
ble has made him a radiant reflection of
the sensuous life of the late Venetian
renaissance to a degree that would have
been impossible to a more self-poised or
solitary genius.
Princeton University.
EVERY HOME
• •»• v-^J FN ••••
THE PACIFIC COAST
SHOULD HAVE ITS
HOME
STUDY
CIRCLE
Organize at Once so
That You May Be
Fully Prepared to Pur-
sue the Full Course
to Be Presented Dur-
ing the Winter Months.
Please Interest Your
Friends in This Excel-
lent Educational Fea-
ture.