VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 129.
KILLARNEY LAKES
SOON TO BE SOLD
At Public Auction at Dublin Next
Month Beautiful Lands of ttie
Muckross Estate Will Be
Disposed Of.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— According
to an advertisement In the Her
,\ld the estate of Herbert
Muckross, comprising the
greater portion of the moun
tains, glens and forests surrounding
the Lakes of Klllarney will be sold In
Dublin en Tuesday, November 21, at
auction.
Although It has frequently boon re
ported that well-known Irish-Ameri
cans had combined to purchase the
place and establish It as a national
park, and it was also understood that
Sir Thomas Ltpton would buy it pri
vately, It now appears that all of
fers were Inadequate. So 'Beauty's
Home" will be brought under tha
hammer. In the sale trill be Includ
ed the Muckross House and the de
mesne, which entirely surrounds the
middle lake of Killarney and to a large
extent bounds the tipper and lower
lakes with its deer forests, game pre
serves, fisheries, lakes, mountains and
Islands. Tho property contains, ex
clusive of water, about fourteen thou
sand acres. Thus the finest portions
of the scenery of Klllarney will be
sold. The land embraces Toro "Water- j
fall, Devil's Punch Bowl. O'Sulllvan's
Cascade. Danish ... Island, . Brickeen
Island, Tork Mountain, Tomles Moun
tain, Purple Mountain and old • Weir
bridge at the meeting of the waters.
Muckross House, or, as It is some
times called, Muckross Abbey, Is built
on the shore of Muckross Lake. The
demesne gates are close to the village.
The Muckross Mountains,- glens and .
forest surrounding the demesne of
ESTIMATES FOR THE
VARIOUS NAVY YARDS
Secretary Allen's List Shows an In
crease in the Appropriations
Asked of ?24, 537,187.
WASHINGTON; Oct. 6.— Acting Secre
tary Allen has prepared the full state
ment of estimates which will be sub
milted to Congress ft>r - trw- maintenance
of the naval establishment for the next
fiscal year. Th»sp amount to 573.040.153,
which Is an increase over the .appropria
tions for the current year of J-4.537.157.
Included In the increase for the next year
are appropriations of JJ2.208.-J7I for public
works and navy yards and stations. .There
Is also.ai! cfj'ziute of .Ji'.^i'i .o.o .(<?!• the new
navnl :*cadrny. .  i,
ie»- ftfnvrnr the i ffav.v.ancujfll armor.
;uiis Mii niiifhiht ry. is S"2.!i,v;.mi. " The es-'
timati' for the bureau of.tforiatructlon aiid
repair is increased ov-.r ihe current ap
propriations about $3,CO0.i"»0O for steam en
gineering Jl.oort.ouo and for »ay of the
navy iihout J700.0M. wliiie the estimates
fin- onuiance aie decrca.sVni about J700.000
The .-stimate for public woiks at the
>r\v York navy yard Is J1,0tJ9,000 includ
ing KWMXW to begin the work on the new
Sl/« I h.iioo pranite drydock and J3W.000 to
repair dock No. 2. The Items for the
Weir Bridge over Killarney, one of the beautiful places that is to be sold at auction on November 21.
n navy yard aggregate $1.495,300,
which i provision for a general en
\ ;;:■<!.
For ! land, Pa., I tates for
■ < 92; for
00; for Mare
■ Bound
(or Washington, $875,017.
WILL ARRANGE THE
TERMS FOR PEACE
Senor Matos, Envoy From President
Andrade, at Caracas to Confer
With the Rebels.
CARACA - >r Matos, an en
voy from President Andrade to the in-
Burgent ■ r, General dpriano
Castro, to negotiate terms of peace, ar
rival this morning at Puerto Cabetlo,
coming from Valencia, to confer with
Genei Ca nils evening he will
reach La ■ uid will leave imme
diately for Caracas to report the result
i.f his mission to the President
It la reported here that the proposal*
submitted by the envoy were accepted by
General Ci
RAIN FALLS IN THE
SAN BERNARDINO VALLEY
In the Mountains the Precipitation
Was Heavy and Indications Are
That Showers Will Con
tinue.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 6.— The first rain of
the season fell here to-day at noon. The
shower, which lasted but half an hour,
■was preceded by lightning and strong
wind* Iv the mountain. eectlona the rain.
Muckross Abbey are celebrated for
their red deer and the hall of the man
p!im Is Cecorated with gigantio antlers
taken from stags shot In the vicinity.
It was reported in 1597 that Queen
Victoria purposed to purchase the
mansion and estates and establish a
permanent royal residence there.
When it was announced last June
that the beautiful Lakes of Killarney
were for sale Irish-American citizens
in Greater New York grew enthusias
tic over a plan to purchase the prop
erty by popular subscription and main
tain it as a park. Many persons ex
pressed themselves strongly In favor of
the movement, among them Richard
Oroker, James J. Coogin, John D.
Orimzninß, John F. Carroll and Mau
rice P. Holahan.
Tammar.y Hall then assumed charge
of the undertaking to bring about the
establishment of Killarney Park.
Twelve, thousand dollars was sub
scribed nnd nearly every district lead
er of Tammany Hall bound himself to
collect $2000 in his district for the pur
chase of the lakes. It was said later
that Howard Gould considered pur
chasing the property. Then It was an
nounced that the Duke of Westminster
and others of the National Trust So
ciety would have the lakes.
The directors of the Standard Insur
ance Company in- London received In
September an offer from Sir Thomas
Lipton for the I*akes of Killarney. A
meeting- was called to consider the
matter and officials said Sir Thomas
Lipton was the only person who ever
seriously negotiated for the purchase
of the lakes.
fall was nuite heavy for an hour or more.
The indications arc for more rain
SAX BERNARDINO, Oct. 6.— A henvy
tbunder storm is prevailing: in the moun
tains to the east and southeast of Sun
Bernardino Valley. It looks the heaviest
towaid San Jacinto.
WORST OFFENDERS
PERMITTED TO ESCAPE
Developments in the Gambling Scan
dal in the Club de Harmelosen,
Berlin.
BERLIN, Oct. To-day's develop
ments in the trial of the persons charged
with gambling at the Club de Harme- ■
losen indicate that the special commis
sioner who was intrusted to work up the
pr<,<>eemk>-n wa* wholly unfit for the task
Up -allowed thf* worst" oTT*»nders "to es- '
cape. • •-- srrfT^r. *""■
Three of the defendants will be ac- :
quitted of the charge of fraudulent prac
tices. Yon Manteuffel, after the trial
will he disciplined. Emperor William it '
is reported or. gdod authority, will issue |
another anti-gambling decree and will j
alsr> punish superior officers whose regi- ;
ments have disregarded his repeated or
ders against luxurious living on the part :
of the officers.
The press, commenting upon the trial,
uniformly deplores the rottenness exist-
"MEETING OF THE WATERS."
ing in the highest fashionable circles in
Berlin. rhe Post, seml-otflcial, says
drastic measures are required and the
Vorwaerts asserts that the case Is a
typical
Tn « Reichbottes says: "What kind of
youth is this, v. its time, substanct
and morality on gambling, horses and
women, then bragging of its honor and
expecting afterward Lo become pillars of
the state and religion."
. The Cologne Volttsaeitung says every
body in Berlin gambles and speculates
and that betting on the races and taking
chances in the lotteries is universal
among the high and low. Annually
the paper asserts, hu idreds are ruined."
"■ Vossiache Zeitung, in its comments,
calls attention to tho almost entire, dis
regard on the part of the army of the
Kmperor's repeated anti-gambling de
cree.
FARMERS' CONGRESS.
.National Body Received at Boston by
Governor Wolcott.
BOSTON. Oct. 6.— The delegates to tho
Farmers' National Congress were received
by Governor Roger Wolcott at the State
House to-day. Tho congress on resuming
Its business session heard a report of the
committee on resolutions recommending
new legislation on various subjects.
Hon. H. C. Adams, Food Commissioner
of Wisconsin, delivered an address on the
"Necessity of Pure Food Legislation."
H. P. Hoard of Fort Atkinson, Wis.,
was elected president and John M. Stahl
of Chicago secretary.
At the evening session a paper on "The
Western Tenant and His Eastern Land
lord." by H. S. Hilton of Topeka, Kans.,
was read by F. D. Coburn.
Degree for Dewey.
BURLINGTON, Vt., Oct. -6.— The trus
tees of the University of Vermont to-day
voted to confer the degree of " doctor of
laws on MspixtcL Dewey,
The San Francisco Call.
BOERS CONTINUE TO
PLAY A WAITING GAME
However, General Oonje Is Ready to
Cposs the Border at the First Shot
. Fired in .Natal.
Tunnel at Crocodile Poort on the Pretoria-Delagoa Bay Railroad,
Near the Junction of the Crocodile and Pongolo Rivers, Re
ported to Have Been Occupied by the Boers.
LONDON. Oct. 6.— There has been al- '
most a complete dearth of ir"v»
from South Africa to-day. The few
dispatches received recording mili
tary movements at various points all tend
to confirm the belief that President Kni
g-er will restrain any forward movement
by the Boers unions they are fired upon
or war is actually declared. It Is now
practically certain that Parliament will
meet on October 17. Reserves will be.sum
moned to-morrow in sufficient number to
bring .up to a war strength the regiments
warned to hold themselves in readiness
for service in South Africa, or about one
sixteenth of the total reserve.
Thi Daily News assorts that an army
corps will be mobilized to-morrow.
A dispatch from Mafeking anhonce*
that Commandant Cronje of the Boer
forces has been promoted to the rank of
general and Is massinsr 6000 Boers with
artillery near Kama thai aba m, north of
Mafeking. The dispatch adds that Gen-
: era] Cronjo hap sent a message to tho
: ciimp of the imperial troops thai he will
cross the border at the Hist shot fired in
Natal.
It is stated that the Right Hon. Harry
Epcombc, former Premier of Natal, is go
ing to Pretoria in the interest of peai •
H. M. S. Philomel suddenly left Durban
torday for Delagoa Hay.
The Daily chr liicic's Rome correspond
ent Fays thai the oritish Government has
applied to Signor Marconi with a view of
employing his system of wireless teleg
raphy in the Transvaal campaign.
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: "A sensation has Deen
caused lure by the report that the Or
ange Free State Government ' has com
mandered BuO tons of coal belonging to
the Cape Government which was travers
ing the Free State. Such a seizure would
I naturally be regarded as an act of war.
I J. W. Saver, the Commissioner of Public
Works, when questioned in the Assembly
regarding the matter, professed ignorance.
: but I learn that the report was tele
graphed to the Cape Ministry early in the
; day.
"I learn that the Transvaal's threat to
j put British subjects over the border
would necessitate the withdrawal of Con
yngham Greene. Some surprise is mani
fested over the report that a large num
ber of British troops are to be landed
here instead of at Durban. This is taken
to signify that the Transvaal will be In
vaded from the west and not from Natal."
THOUSANDS OF NATIVES
INVADE JOHANNESBURG
JOHANNESBURG, Oct. 6.— Thousands
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
of natives have invaded the town and to
day the authorities decided to march
them under escort out of the country.
Last night two natives entered a cloth
ing store kept by a Jew and stabbed the
proprietor in the neck. Fevering his
windpipe. Two Jewish storekeepers in
the Ka.st Rand have been murdered by
natives, and the Kaffirs are raiding all
the places where they think liquor is
stored.
The War Cnmrnisslon, '-tt'.nCr iiti'lpT the'
Government's instructions, will to-day Is
sue notices to shopkeepers to remove the
barricades they have created, on the
ground that the Government guarantee
of protection ought to be sufficient.
JOHN MORLEY USES
SOME VERY PLAIN WORDS
LONDON, Oct. fi.— Addressing a peace
meeting at Carnarvon this evening John
Morlej asked the country to. realize the
which it had been brought
by unhappy diplomacy and the Bedlamite
counsels of the war press and the war
party.
"If." said Mr. Morley, "President Kru
ger had accepted the franchise proposal
of September 8, with rollance upon the
convention of 1884, )-.-■ would have been
planted behind diplomatic intrenchments,
which by fair and reasonable means
couid not have been for I. Even after
thai refusal there was still room for a
friendly settlement, but just as the
Transvaal made a mistake our Govern
ment capped ft by withdrawing the fran
chise proposals."
Mr. Morley dwelt upon the moderation
and reasonableness '.f t!:.- recent sp< •■■!!
of the Duke <>f Oevonshlre, winch proved
that Great Britain did not desire to in
terfere with the Transvaal's independ
ence. The speaker said he had always
pressed the urgency of the Transvaal's
meeting Great Britain half way. He re
gretted the withdrawal of the five years'
franchise, bitt condemned <;r<'i? Britain
fi r now abandoning the franchise which
had hitherto been the foundation of the
Government policy. He dilated upon the
eventual danger of having at the back of
a strategic posl like the Cape a disaf
fected pi pulation held down by force of
arms, and said he f.ii!< -d to sec why the
Transvaal and Great Britain were unable
to come to terms. Mr. Morley spoke deri
sively of the talk of a pan-Afrikander
conspiracy in South Africa.
DUTY OF HOLLAND
TOWARD THE DUTCH
BRUSSELS, Oct. 6.— Some sensation has
been caused in the Netherlands by the
publication of a pamphlet entitled "The
Duty of Holland Toward the Dutch." This
pamphlet, which is written by a promi
nent leader of tho Liberal party, Mr. Van
Houten, asserts that it is the strict duty
of the Dutch Government to interfere
diplomatically in favor of the South Af
rican Dutch republic. He goes to show
that if Queen Wilhelmina's Ministers do
not address foreign powers in order to
bring about their peaceful mediation, In
pursuance of the decisions of The Hague
Peace Conference, they will be committing
a real crime against the Dutch fatherland
Itself; for what threatens the Boers to
day may threaten the Netherlands to
morrow.
It is rumored that Queen "Wilholmlna,
who Is on the point of starting for Ger
many to be present at the christening of
the child of the Prince of Wled, has been
urged by some of her counselors to men
tion the subject of the Boers to Emperor
William.
FAVORS A REVISION
OF MARITIME LAWS
Testimony of a Ship Broker Before
the Industrial Commission in
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Frank L. Neall
of the firm of Peter Wright & Sons of
Philadelphia and N. B. Kelley, secretary
of the Trades League of Philadelphia,
were the witnesses before the Industrial
Commission to-day.
Mr. Neall is a shlpbroker. and his testi
mony dealt with the subject of marine
transportation almost exclusively. He
stated that since the Transvaal question
had become acute Great Britain had taken
at least seventy-flve vessels that were or-
I dlnarily engaged in the foreign carrying
trade of the United States. The result
naturally had been a very marked ad
vance in freight rates, and Mr. Neall de
i clared that the tonnage of American ves
j sels available for ocean traffic did not ex
ceed 300,000, whereas the total tonnage of
i the vessels of the world was 25,000.000. He
I favored a revision of the maritime laws
i of this country so as to permit the pur-
I chase of foreign-built .freight steamers
j for miscellaneous transoceanic business,
i commonly known as tramps. These . yes
■ sols- 'null "be built one-fourth cheaper
abroad than in this country, and wher
ever owned they had proved very profit
able. Within the past two years the prac
tice of leasing such vessels by Americans,
he said, had increased fourfold, and after
paying a profit to the lessees they were
; netting their owners 20 and 25 per cent
per annum. Mr. Neall announced himself
as opposed to a discriminating duty for
i the benefit of American ships built, for
the reason that he believed that such a
system would precipitate retaliatory
. measures on the par) or the other na
tions. In reply to a question he said there
was not a single line of steamers crossing
] the Atlantic that is composed entirely of
American vessels.
Mr. Kelley explained the purpose of the
Philadelphia Trades League to be to pro
tect the shippers of that city against rail
road discrimination. One of the discrim
inations which grave the league most
trouble was found in the misdescrlption
of goods. He announced himself favor
able to pooling by railroads, and assented
to a proposition by Commissioner Far
riuhar that competition is the parent of
discrimination. He would give the Inter
state Commerce Commission authority to
revise rates and otherwise enlarge its
powers.
HELEN GOULD'S VOICE
RAISED AGAINST ROBERTS
Causes Vigorous Resolutions to be
Adopted by the Guardian
Society.
NEW YORK. Oct. (>.— At the meeting
to-day of the American Female Guardian
Society the following resolutions were
read hy Miss Helen M. Gould and unani
mously adopted:
"Whereas, Brigham H. Roberts, who
has been elected n Representative from
tJtali tn the Fifty-sixth Congress is a
polygamist and as surh is attacking the
Band it v ''1" home life,
"Resolved, That wo, the women assem
bled at the call of the American Female
Quardlan Society and Home for the
Friendless, do earnestly protest against
th.- seating of Mr. Roberts, and
"Resolved, That we urge that all men
and women use their influence with their
respective Congressmen to prevent said
Roberts taking his seat."
A number of addresses in opposition to
the seating of Mr. Roberts were made.
Miss Gould did not speak, but at the con
clusion of the meeting she handed the re
porters a statement signed H. M. Gould.
The statement follows:
"I am glad to have an opportunity to
protest against the seating in Congress of
a man who advoHtes and practices
polygamy. Our country has been noted in
the past for the beauty of its homo life
and the chivalry and respect shown by
man to woman. It would be sad indeed
to see a -nan who stands for the oriental
harem seated among out lawmakers. I
earnestly hone that men will feel will
ing to write their Congressmen urging
them to rise in protest against Mr. Rob
erts being seated when Congress opens."
DROVE A HATPIN
INTO HER STOMACH
Polish Woman at Olympia Makes a
Desperate Attempt at Sui
cide.
SEATTLE, Oct. 6.— A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Olympia says: A
most deliberate and barbarous attempt at
suicide occurred at Bucoda yesterday.
Mrs. Loo Prabuski, a Polish woman, bo
came angered at some little domestic oc
currence and determined to do away with
her life. She procured an ordinary hai
pin six Inches long and drove it into her
stomach through the navel.
Pressing hard against the pin she drove
it until it could go no further, as it had
lodged in the spine. Then with the inten
tion of forcing the pin out at the back
she procured a. rusty darning needle and
drove this into what she thought was the
hole made by th/ 3 hatpin. Not until 12
o'clock last night did she tell any one
what she had done.
To-day Mrs. Prabuski repented of her
act and accompanied the Bucoda physi
cian to this city, when Dr. Red path "re
moved the pin and needle. Dr. Redpath
thinks she will live. She is 48 years old
and has had nineteen children, five of
whom are living.
Harrison in Berlin.
BERLIN, Oct. 6.— General Benjamin
Harrison and Mrs. Harrison arrived in
Berlin this evenln* from Paris.
NOW COMES THIRD
ATTEMPT TO RACE
Cup Challenger Shamrock and Cud
Defender Columbia Ready to
Resume the Contest for
SuDremacij.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7—4:30 A. M.— Under the same
conditions that governed the failures of Tuesday
and Thursday the Columbia and Shamrock will to
day n)aKe a third attempt to complete the course of
fifteen rTjilesjto windward or leeward and return.
The wind is now north-northwest with a heavy sea
running. The indications are that there will be a
fresh wind at the commencement of the race; also a
heavy sea, but that the sea will go down as the race
proceeds.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— This has been a
day of rest on board the interna
tional racers. The Columbia was
towed from Sandy Hook to Bay
Ridge to get her out of any danger from
the northeaster. The Shamrock remained
at her anchorage at the Hook, her people
seeming willing to take the chances. The
wind blew up pretty fresh about 6 o'clock,
but there was nothing to threaten harm
to a yacht so well protected by tenders
and tugs, to say nothing of the powerful
Krin.
The feeling on both sides is one of con
fidence. Mr. Iselin thinks he will win.
Sir Thomas Lipton has a nice little corner
in the Erin all ready for the cup. The
public is in doubt, and it must be said
that there is a feeling of indecision among
the expert yachtsmen. The two days of
drifting have furnished almost nothing
on which to base opinions. They have,
however, seemed to strengthen the belief
that the Shamrock is a thoroughly dan
gerous proposition. This is now a well
grounded opinion, and if the two days of
light airs have done anything they have I
shaken that confident feeling that has
prevailed among the backers of the Co- i
lumbia. Those who have watched most
closely every movement of the two yachts
are firm in the belief that there is little
to choose between them in a drift, .and ;
as it is remembered that the Shamrock
people have never asserted that she was
a drifter it can be understood that there
is reason for a rise In the Shamrock stock.
Twice in the two days of racing there
have been times when both boats were
sailing under exactly similar conditions
for an hour after the start on Tuesday j
[and for a like length of time after -the j
! start on Thursday. ' ' Both were sailing \
dead before a light wind. -With the same
spread of canvas. On Tuesday the Sham- (
rock drew away from the Columbia. On
Thursday the Columbia drew away from i
the Shamrock. No one can draw lines on j
the racers from this, and it can safely be j
said that the only change that has taken |
place in the opinion of yachtsmen is one
that tends to Increase the doubt.
With her great mainsail snugly stowed
on the boom under a waterproof cover
the yacht Columbia lay at anchor off the
Sea Beach pier at Bay Ridge to-day, rid
ing out the easterly storm under the lee
of the land. All her other sails were un
bent and stowed below, where they will
be kept dry until needed. Should there
be rain and a strong breeze, however, the
sails will not be spared to-morrow, for
rain or shine, barring accidents, the
yachts will start in their race and make
a third attempt to complete the course
of fifteen miles, to windward or leeward
and back.
When interviewed on board the tender
St. Michaels to-day. C. Oliver Iselin, the
Columbia's managing owner, said:
"We know practically nothing more of
the merits of the boats than we did .on
Tuesday. If anything, we know less, for
we did not turn the outer mark this time,
but I have every confidence in the Colum
bia's ability to" outsail the Shamrock on
all points when we get a steady breeze.
That's what we want— wind."
Of yesterday's race Mr. Iselin added:
"When we made that last turn we were
not able to cross the Shamrock's bow, but
in all the windward work of yesterday
there was very little difference in the sail
ing of the yachts. We were In the best
position most of the time, and the Sham
rock was only a few yards ahead when
the race was called off."
Mr. Iselin said the same guests would
be on board the Columbia in to-morrow's
race as were there on previous days.
At sundown the wind jumped around to
the westward of north and blew great
guns for awhile. Captain Barr housed the
Columbia's topmast at once, gave the
yacht fifteen fathoms more cable, and
made preparations for letting go the sec
ond anchor. The weather looked decid
edly dirty from the sailor man's stand
point, so enough of the crew were kept
on board to take care of her In any emer
gency. As she is lying In a berth, with a
shore under her lee, if she should part her
cable in the night or drag her anchor dur
ing the night some quick work would be
necessary to save her from going on the
beach or smashing against the Sea. Beach
piers. »«./-<
The early rising sailor men of the Co
lumbia heard the whimpering of the wind
at the Hook to-day and they saw In the
rainstorm the prospect of a real day's
rest. They needed it, too, for while the
easy lolling excursion crowds who watch
ed the race figured that the sailors must
be working easier than any men they
ever saw, the fact was that the crew,
to a man, worked three times as hard
as if a genuine race had been sailed.
Eight times the spinnaker was sot and
taken in, while the stowing of ballooners
and topsails was a most momentous oc
casion. When the men turned out to
day they found that their spell of rest
was to he very near a reality
Mr. Iselin decided, for one thing, that
it" would be good to move up to Bay
Ridge. There was a look in the sky
which hinted that some other anchorage
might be better, so the consort was call
ed ahead and a little after 9 o'clock the
tow began. The Columbia was jogged
along easily, like a racer down from the
line. Two coastwise steamers passed her
and the little clusters of storm-clad
passengers gave her a cheer. A little
under two hours from the time she left
her anchorage inside the Horseshoe, the
Columbia was anchored off Bay Ridge.
The wind seemed to have an extra jam
in it then and so after making fast to the
buoy, the anchor was got over as well.
Snugged down at last, the only work of
the day for the white jacketed crew was
done. This was the inspection of the
racer. Aloft and below the Deer Island
men climbed and worked. Every part
had to stand ' inspection. Small chance
there was/ indeed, of any strain haviae
P 111 CE T4^iL^Cg2O^
NEW YORK, Oct. -Afloat
and ashore to-day little else
was talked about than the
failure of the Columbia and
Shamrock to have wind
enough for a race on Thurs
day, and the success of the Mar
coni system of wireless teleg
raphy. Only for wireless teleg
raphy news of Thursday's con
test between the yachts would have
been lacking untiL the return of
the excursion boats. Of this every
one is convinced. Discussing this
phase of the situation to-day the
Evening Post made these editorial
remarks:
"Yesterday's attempt at yacht
racing was again a failure, but the
telegraphic reports of it were a
tremendous success. In fact, the
yachts disappeared in a haze, but
observers on shore had to report
something, and so they proceeded
to draw freely on their imagina
tion. The result was the most
•rous bulletins conceivable.
tip to 3 o'clock we had the racers
only five miles or ho from the fin
ish, with a race certain, and then
suddenly came the cheerful an
nouncement that the yachts had
never even reached the outer
ptakeboat. It was not much, con
sidered as racing, but as reporting
It was truly wonderful. Simply
because the Herald saw fit to make
use of Signor Marconi's invention
the press of the city generally has
sulked, refusing to give the new
departure that credit which will in
a short time be forced.*
The Tribune and Times, however,
have been exceptions. The former
had this to say this morning:
"Sigrnor Marconi again proved the
efficiency and practicability of
wireless telegraphy by dispatching
from the vessel upward of 1000
words concerning the yacht race,
besides a number of private mes
sages, and receiving stock quota
tions and dispatches to individuals
on board without a hitch."
Somewhat fatigued by the labor
and worry of the last fortnight,
Signor Marconi rested to-day, see
ms his most intimate friends.
To-morrow he will again be on the
Ponce and the Herald and The Call
will be kept informed of the race
to the minute. There can be no
failure. Communication will prac
tically be direct with the Herald
office, there being: only one relay,
that of Navesink Highlands, which
consumes an average of less than
ten seconds. From the Grande
Duchesse W. J. Clarke will also
send wireless bulletins, working
with the station on the Mackay-
Bennelt cable ship.
taken place In tho lady finders" breeze
as It was called on board the St. Michaels.
Back to tender the men turned for
the noonday meal. The remainder of
th.( afternoon was spent by all in their
quarters. Mr. Iselin above, the men be
low, each with one fervent wish for a
strong wind. They casi few glances at
their boat whir.' stir lay astern. But
t hey kin'v. ahe was I ;
i The Shamrock lay all day tossed on the
i whitecapped waves off the Horseshoe,
watched anxiously from the deck of the
Erin by Sir Thomas Upton and his
i guests. The only sign of life upon the
! deck was a sturdy sailor clad in oilskins,
! pacing back and forth, keeping watch.
When Sir Thomas was told the Columbia
! had departed for a more sheltered an
i chorage he asked laughingly if the Amer
j lean beauty could not stand the wind and
weather as well as the Shamrock.
Nothing whatever has been done to the
Shamrock since yesterday's race, as the
light airs which floated across the water
i could not have broken a linen thread, and
I the overhauling of the rigging and the
I halyards was dispensed with. Everything
i that ingenuity could contrive or skill ef
fect baa already been done upon the chal
lenger, and she is now ready to abide the
issue. She is in perfect condition for to
morrow's race, and the last move to in
sure a victory was taken this morning,
when the entire crew, including both
skippers of the challenger, had their hair
cut short, in order, as Sir Charles Rus
sell, a guest of Sir Thomas, remarked,
; that there would be no extra weight on
board. The third set of spreaders, which
were put In position about five minutes
] before Thursday's race, have been re
moved, and in all probability will not be
used at all, as they are deemed unneces
sary and were not even tried in the last.
race.
I Sir Thomas Lipton expressly stated,
when questioned on the subject, that Cap
taii Ben Parker, skipper of the German
Emperor's yacht Meteor, was on board
! the Shamrock pimply as a guest and friend
of Skippers Hogarth and Wringe, and
that, notwithstanding all reports to the
contrary, he took no part at all In sailing
the Shamrock In yesterday's race.
Sir Thomas stated that the Shamrock
had proved herself to be. an excellent
drifter and that he was very much
pleased with her performances In light
airs. He said the challenger was at some?
what of a disadvantage and that she'
could not command the services of Mr.
Fife, who designed her, and who is still
confined within doors by his rheumatism,
while Mr. Herreaboff was always on
hand to give advice and oversee any alter
ations or changes on the Columbia, no
matter how trivial, which might be con
templated or carried out.
Mr. Russell was asked whether, If the
Shamrock should succeed 1a her effort*2
LANDS IN TEXAS WERE
UNLAWFULLY OCCUPIED
Attorney General Filing Suits Agains
Stockmen for Thousands of Dollars
in Back Rentals.
0 AUSTIN, Oct. 6.— The investigation recently begun by the two State land (
O agents who were appointed two months ago on authority of the Legislature <
** reveals that not less than 18,000,0 if State land are being unlawfully j
i coupled by stockmen in West Texas. A number of suits have already been j
y instituted by the Attorney General against these unlawful occupants for re- ■
'S covery of back rentals. The total number of suits yet to be filed aggre- <
O gates over 400. <
It Is estimated that the State will derive a total of revenue from these j
§back rentals as a result of these suits of not less than 1600,000. These State j
lands have been unlawfully fenced and occupied by stockmen, who have j
• been grazing their thousands of head of cattle thereon for many years with- ■
5 the State a cent of lease money. The money derived from these \
• back rentals will be applied to the State permanent school fund.
to carry the cup across the ocean, the j
American yacht which would go across to |
win back the cup would be at as much ;
disadvantage as the Shamrock is over
here. He paid they rarely or never had |
the light breezes over there or the calm
seas which have characterized the first
two attempts at races on this side, and
that a yacht built for such light airs
would stand little chance abroad, where
the breezes were heavier and the seas
more boisterous.
It Is evident that Sir Thomas and his
friends are modestly confident that the
Shamrock will make an exceedingly good
showing against the Columbia in a breeze
and are greatly pleased at her good per
formances in the light weather hitherto
prevailing.
Sir Thomas smiled when he was told j
that the forecast for to-morrow promised j
a fair day and plenty of wind and Bald j
that such a day as to-day, without the |
rain, was what he was longing for. Among i
the most prominent of the guests aboard ,
the Erin during to-morrow's race will be j
Admiral Sehley and the Governor Gen- ■
era] of Canada. Lord Minto. Admiral j
Dewey, it is stated, will not be able to I
accept Sir Thomas' invitation before j
Tuesday any way, and nothing definite
has been settled upon for that day. but
It Is Admiral Dewey' s hope and Sir
Thomas' most earnest wish that th for
mer will be free from other engagements
bo that he can witness at least one race .
from the bridge of the Erin.
INVESTIGATION OF
DEWEY STANDS
Witnesses Before the Mazet Commis-
sion Testify That They Were
Poorly Built.
NKW YORK, Ot. 6. The most Interest-
Ing discussion at to-day'e I the
Mazet Investigation committee was the
! >r. i "harlea F.
■
th< i ■!, submitted certain
wing that the I
... tructed in a sanitary
i F. Bern . <-v.
df th'- I •<• •■■ ■ that
r settled matters by giving an
Tne day bpi ■ wound up with
an attempt to c: ■ Meyer, a
fc Commissioner and partner In the
jtate business with Richard Croker.
Mr. Meyer broke out with a ;
tion to being examined by Mr. Moss.
■
reputable man examined by him.
CIRCUS WRECKED
NEAR WATSONVILLE
Two Cars Thrown From the Track
and One of the Circus
Employes Injured.
WATBONVILLE, Oct. 6.— Main's circus
trr.in was wrecked last night near this
while on its way from Santa Cruz.
Two cars were thrown fi^m the track and
f the employes of the circus injured.
One car was turned over and smashed
badly. A it in the oar caused
consternation by its cries, as it was
thought many men were under the car.
]• :. believed ■ - on the part of
the train men was the cause of the acci
dent.
STORING FLOOD WATER.
LOS ANGELES, Oot B.— A State water
convention will be held in the Chamber
ommerce rooms to-morrow. Ways
and means for the impounding of the
ruins of the coming winter will be dis
cussed.
The conference will be a large one,
Judging from the scope of tho present
plans, including all the commercial bodies
of Hit* city, the Chamber of Commerce,
Board of Trade and the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association. In addition
the Forestry Association, ;lto <'i:y Coun
cil Ji ml the Board of Supervisors have
been invited to take part in the discus
sion.
The gentlemen from the north, who
represent the leading interests or Central
California, will . plan for -
supervision of the Impounding of water.
The suggestion has been made that <'aii
fornia Join with th<> Government in shar
kil- equally the expense of ;i survey of
"ir und dam sites and areas of
drainage. Tho work could be done under
lirection of the I'nited States Geo
logical Survey.
GRANGERS ELECT OFFICERS.
KAPA, Oct. C— At the meeting of tho
Statf Grange- the following officers were
! for the ensuing two years:
Master. G. W. Worthen, 53.11 Jose; over
seer, Charles W. Emery, Oakland; lec
turer J. S. Taylor, Napa; steward, E. C.
Lker. VI alia; assistant steward. J.
C. Steele Jr., Pescadero; chaplain, Mrs.
S. H. Dowev, Oakland; treasurer, A. D.
Logan, Sa:i Francisco; gate-keeper, M. L).
::is. Petaluma: Pomona, Miss Belle
Johnston. Courtlaad; flora, Miss Ella Cor
nel!, Routiers; ceres, Mrs. John Bucker
Jr.. Stuckton; lady assistant steward,
Miss Delma Green. Courtland; organist,
Miss Lena Lull, Sheldon. 1
Ami Interesting paper was read by Mrs.
S. H. Dewey, chaplain, on the "First
State Grange, recollections of the session
held in California at Xapa."
Extrn Tram Service
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 6.— On October 15
the Southern Pacillc will inaugurate a
double train service daily between this
city an<i San Francisco. Fur several
so heavj that
It hns ! Eary to run the train In
two section* south of Roseburs;, whore
U train service ends. The second
through train will leave this city at S:.1O
a. no., arriving in Hun Francisco at s p. ro.
: ■ ■ ' iv. The train will leave San
• 7 In the morning and arrive
in Portland at 7:15 t>. m.
No Trace of Blacklesr.
WOODLAND, Oct. C- Dr. Alexander, a
veterinary Burgeon sent by the Supervis
'^a'.c the lvixiris that black
leg exists .iinniig the cattle in Capay Val
ley, reports that he found no Bymptomi
of the disease. He thinks the in, usual
number of deaths was due to stagnant
water.
Machod Convicted.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct C. - All or! M;i
ehori ■ y •j f murder In
the first degree, the jury being out but
ten minute*. IJis crime was the brutal
murder of his former wife.
■ ♦ .
Still Another Oil Company
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— Articles of incor
poration were filed to-day by the Century
oil Company of California, with Oakland
iiiai-c of business. The capital stock
is Btated of which $60,000 has
been subscribed In s-.ims of 17500 each i>y
the following, all <li: ye the last
one named: William P. Todd, Edgar
Bishop, Harry Newton, W. A. O. Mc-
Kenzle, j. Prank Smith, j. Benson W-rean,
H. K. Browne and John TituS, all of Oak
laud.
HARMONY IN THE
OLO BAY STATE
Massachusetts Republi
cans Name a Ticket.
Special Plspntch to The Call.
BOSTON, Oct. fi.-The Republican State
Convention to-day was exceedingly enthu
c and harmonious and nominated the
following ticket: Governor, William Mur-
Dalton; Ueutenant Governor,
John L. Bates. Boston; Secretary of State,
William M. oiiii. Boston; Attorney
a M. Knowlton, New Bedford;
r. J,,hn W. Klmball. Fitchburg;
Treasurer and Receiver General, Edwa.rd
S. Bradford, Springfield.
The platform op< ns with fell Itatlons
upon the results which have followed the
n of the R< ; •■.:'• llcan party to
;■ in all branches of the Federal Gov
ernment. On the subject of national
finances and the currency the platform
says:
'i'-'ii'ls and notes payable In d>ln must
be established by law to be payable In
and provision made for supply of
when required. Tin Republican party
a unreservedly pledged to maintain
the listing gold standard, and we look
with confidence to th< Fifty-sixth Con
: r the ( nactment ol i. • asurc s to bo
t our monetary sj stei
shall be ample monej for thi expanding
business "i i)k- rountrj', and i" so arm
■be Tn asur> i h at all
times protect th< credit."
The pi.ii i'.n m irq • pening up of
new markets for the manufa* I i
nets of th . States; the develop
ment of the merchant marine of thi<
country, and such improvements of the
principal hai tlie United
shall . them acc< ble to the largest
\ c -• 1< afli at.
On the subject of trusts the platform
says :
"The Republican party of Massachu
setts is unqualifiedly opposed to ;i
monopoly and the capitalization of
Uctftious and speculative valuations."
The national administration is indorsed
In tin- following paragraph:
"We express our confidence In the pa
triotic i leais of President William McKin
ley and the high qualities of statesman-
Bblp wirh which he has lmj i em <>.i
his administration. He has enforced an
ent conduct of affairs in every de
partment of the Government: he lias ro
cted the diplomatic Bervice as i>> win
for th<^ United States the reaped and ad
miration of foreign nations. The i
war with Spain, which »
by humanity, has been overwhelmingly
vindicated by the results bo speedily and
splendidly attained. We commend th»»
tact, the patience, the skill and the
statesmanlike spirit with which the Pres
i.it nt has approached the perplexing prob
lems arising fp>m the- war. I'nder th<>
treaty with Spain the law of nations put
upon the I'nlted States the responsibility
for the peace and security of life and
property, the well being and the future
government of the Philippine Islands. Ac
cepting this responsibility, it is our pro
found trust that the present hostilities
be brought to an early termination,
and thai Congress, guided by a wise and
patriotic administration, will establish
and maintain In these nations, hitherto
the h'ime of tyrants, a government as
free, as liberal and as progressive as our
own."
Kuhn Answers Tobler's Suit.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Charles Kuhn to
d ty filed nn answer to the suit brought
by John and Christina Tobler to recover
_ ■ damages on account of the alleged
false arrest and malicious prosecution of
Mrs. Toliier on a charge of disturbing the
peace, growing out of an effort to subdue
a cats mewing with a brickbat. Kuhn
denies that he instituted proceedings
against Mrs. Tobler maliciously and al
leges that the arrest waV made in good
faith and only for the purpose of pro
moting the ends of justice and the public
welfare. He asks that the case be dis
missed with his costs.
Football Man Hurt.
BERKELEY, Oct. 6.— A football game
between the teams of the Berkeley High
Bchi ol and Boone's University Academy.
played on the University of California
Held '.his afternoon, resulted in an unfor
tunate injury to one of the Berkeley men.
George Elliot, playing center, became.
wedged in at the bottom of a mass on
tackle play and when the heap became
[angled it was found that his leg
\\;ts broken. Young Elliot was carried
oft the field and placed under the care of
Dr. J. S. Eastman. The injury is a com
pound fracture of the right leg below the
knee.
Small Blaze at the Crellin.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— A small blaze in
one of th» rooms on the second floor of
the Crellin Hotel, on Washington street.
early this . evening caused consternation
among some of the guests and might have
resulted in a panic but for the prompt ac
tlon of Paul Hoffman, the horseman, and
Nick Perata, who hastened to the room,
in question and dumped out through the
window a lot of burning bedclothes which
had Igrritod from the explosion of a coal
cil stove, left standing in a strong draft.
Lake Front Realty Deal.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— The well-known
Newton property, occupying a prominent
location on Ihe lake front, has been pur
chased by San Francisco pnrties for $30,
--000, the sale being- negotiated by \V. P.
Todd. The purchasers, whose names have
not been given out, expect to extend
Wayne avenue through the property and
construct a stone wall on the boulevard
frontage for a distance of 1200 feet It
Is asserted that ?20,CM) will bo spent on
the improvement of the property.
Three Ten-Round Events.
OAKLAND. Oct. C— The Reliance Ath
letic Club has arranged a gentlemen's
night for next Friday evenintr, 13th inst.,
when the following boxers will appear In
ten-round matches: Charles Viekers of
Son Francisco vs. Mike Morllss of San
Francisco Athletic Club, at 135 pounds;
Pote Recounl of the Olympic Club vs.
Hilly Springfield of New York at 14">
pounds; Jnek McMahon vs. . Mortimer
Meyer, both of San Francisco, at 130
pounds.
Streitberger's Attorney's Fee.
OAKLAND. Oct C— Judge Hall to-day
awarded to Thomas F. Graber ISOOO i ul
of the $3<>0.000 estate of th« late Christo
pher Btreitberger as attorney fees lor ser
vices rendered prior to Streitberger's
death.
Lectured on Child Study.
An Interesting- lecture on "Child Study"
was given last night at J^aguna Honda
School by. Mrs. Green, president of the
State organization of Mothers' Clubs.
The classrooms were tastefully decorated
with ferns and flowers, and light refresh
ments were served during the evening.
Mrs. Burr, Miss Klrvan of the Wash
ington Grammar School and Miss Wil
son of the Emerson Primary School also
addressed the meeting. -•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
McKINLEY DEDICATES
A MONUMENT TO SOLDIERS
Most Interesting Ceremonies Occur at Peoria During
the President's Western Tour*
PEORIA, 111.. Oct. 6 - A good part of ;
the population of Peoria, the sec- '
"nd city of Illinois, to-day took j
part In an elaborate demonstration (
to welcome to their city the Presi- |
dent of the United States. The |
| great event of the day was the unveiling !
of a beautiful monument erected by I
Peoria's citizens, as a memorial to the sol- I
diers of the Rebellion, living and dead. \
| The monument is a tall shaft of marble i
ornamented at the base with bronze
groups commemorating scenes of the j
Civil War. It Is erected on an elevation '
: In front of the Courthouse, and by Its j
base had been constructed a platform i
i upon which the President and the mem- i
i bers of his party took seats to review a i
i long procession of militia, veterans of the i
! war and returning volunteers from the !
Spanish war. The concourse of people !
surrounding this platform and pack
ing every street in its vicinity was by far
the largest which has thus far greeted
the President on his Western tour. After
his review of the parade the President
took his seat facing the veiled monu- i
ment, by the side of Hon. Martin Kins
man, chairman of the exert
The monument was unveiled by S. A.
Kinsey, who has been chairman of th>
monument committee since its in
ception in 1883. A great cheer
burst from the multitude as the !
folds of canvas fell away from the J
shaft. The President, leaning on the
arm of Mr. Klhgman, and followed by |
the Cabinet officers, made a tour of the
open space surrounding the monument. In- :
spectlng its beauties carefully on' all !
The sculptor of the figures at the
base. Frita Triebel of Peoria, also walked
by the side of the President during this ;
Ins] tlon. The formal exercises of ;
dedication were then proceeded with.
An address wa'= given by -Mr. Kingman,
followed by the President, who dedicated
ihe monument In a forma! address.
Al the conclu lon of the exercises a
brief opportunity was given the crowd to j
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT AT PEORIA, ILL.
The visit of President McKlnley to Peoria yesterday was made the occasion of the unveiling of a granite and
bronze statin?, a memorial to the heroes of the civil war. The monument stands at the southwest corner of the Court
house square. It is the work of Fritz Triebel of Peoria, and cost J3:,000. The Ladies' Memorial Day Association raised
this amount.
shako hands with the President, although i
the press of time did not allow more than
an infinitesimal portion of the surging
crowd to be presented to him,. The party I
was next driven to the Corn Palace, a
building wholly constructed of corn, j
where the Peoria corn festival was in
augurated by t' n >- President. An informal
reception and dinner at the residence of ;
J. is. Greenhut was the closing event of
the President's visit to Peoria. The party |
boarded the train at vir. and was rapidly
carried to Galesburg to spend the night.
The exercises which will take place at
Knox College, Galesburg. to-morrow will ■
commemorate the forty-first anniversary
of the famous debates between Abraham
Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas, one of i
which was held at Galesburg. The Presi- i
dent will participate upon the invitation
of Dr. John M. Pinley, former president
of Knox College, who urged him to be
present at the instigation of the citizens
of Galesburg. Mr. Pinley joined the
party ai Washington, but will leave tho j
train when Galesburg is reached. Colonel \
Clark E Carr, former I'nited States Mm- ■
tster to Denmark, will preside during to
morrow's exercises, and the oration of !
the. day will be delivered by Postmaster |
General Charles Embry Smith. Addresses
will also be given by President McKinley,
Senator Shelby M. Cullom and Congress
man George W. Prince.
PATRIOTIC SPEECHES
MADE AT VARIOUS PLACES
QUINCY, 111., Oct. 6.— Cannon boomed
and bands played "Dixie" as President
McKlnley alighted from the Campania,
his private car. at the grounds of the Illi
nois Soldiers' Home this morning. Fifteen
hundred old inmates of the home cheered
enthusiastically as the President and the
members of the Cabinet took carriages to
be driven between long platoons of sol
diers around the beautiful grounds. Tho
p-estJent was first esc.ort.-d to an impro
vised platform, from which he bowed in
TRANSPORT ASHORE
IN THE BAHAMAS
Haytien Government Steamer De
fense Will Probably Prove a
Total Loss.
NUEVITAS, Cuba, Oct. 6.-The Hay
tien Government steamer Defense, used
as an army transport, has gone ashore
near Fortune island, in the Bahama:-:,
and will prove a total wreck. All on
board were an ved.
The Defense, which was formerly the
Belize, was built In Glasgow In IST!. She
had a displacement of 11D0 tons, was 231
feet In length and 28 feet ;i Indies in
beam. She had the following armament:
One 3 9-inch sun behind a shield, Lanet,
qnick-firlng; two 3.9-lnch Krupp breech
loaders; two 12-poumler howitzer and two
Catling guns. _
Says She Met a Footpad.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Mrs. J. Cone of
Mission San Jose has reported to Consta
ble Gallett of San Leand.ro that an at
tempt was made last night to rob and as
sault her as she was riding home from
Haywards. Mrs. Cone says that as she
was passing the Zelle place on .he Hay
ward's rood on her wheel a man stopped
her and attempted to throw her down.
He held her by the throat, attempting to
choke her, but she managed to shake off
her assailant, and picking up a rock she
struck him between the eyes, rendering
him unconscious. Mrs. Cone got on her
wheel and rode through. H:iywards to San
Leandro, where she told of her experi
ence. Constable Gollett can find no ciew
to the man who was left unconscious by
the roadside.
Free Delivery for Emeryville.
OAKLAND, Oct. fi.— A free mall delivery
service Is being agitated by the residents
of Emeryville and a petition will be pre
pared to be presented to Congressman
Metcalf urging early and favorable ac
tion. At present the Oakland Postofflee
is credited with a considerable revenue
which the Emeryvilleans claim rightly
belongs to their town.
acknowledgment of the veterans' greet-
Ings, shaking hands with as many as pos
sible. The Presidential party was then
driven from the Soldiers' Home to the city
propi r.
Company F. Fifth Infantry, the Naval
Reserves and Company F, Eighth Illinois
Infantry, escorted the party through the
business district. The sailors were sup
plied with Hotchkiss guns, and as soon
as the President arrived i:i sight of the
public square a President's salute of
twenty-one guns was Bred. Six thousand
school children were massed on the east
side of the Courthouse, waving Hags and
Binglng national airs as the President ap
peared. The streets of Quincy were liter
ally packed with people.
A swoet fair was In projection and along
the line of march booths and arches had
been erected. moßi of which flaunted tin
stars and stripes and immense pictures
of McKiniey and Dewey. The procession
went by a circuitous route through the
principal business streets of the city until
the public; square was reached, where the
President and members of the Cabinet
ascended a platform to review long tiles
of veterans from the Soldiers' Home.
The President and several members of
the Cabinet delivered brief addresses
from the reviewing stand. The President
said :
"I thank you one and all for this pa
triotic welcome. It has given me uncom
mon pleasure to meet this morning at the
Soldiers' Home the nun of 1881— the Vet
erans who Bl l in the trenches and be
hind the guns iii that year of grrat emer
gency, when the life of the nation hung
in the balance. (Applause.) It has given
me like pleasure also to meet with the
ex-soldiers ol the Spanish wars from the
city of Quincy and the Naval Militia,
representing the patriotism of isns. (Ap
plause.) And it is gratifying to me to
learn that you sent from this city one of
the gallant young officers who fought
with Dewey in Manila Bay. This is an
era of patriotism, my countrymen. The
United States has never been lacking in
gratitude to its soldiers and its
sailors who have fought in its cause,
and the cause of the United States has
EUROPE'S POSTAL
SYSTEM STUDIED
Congressman Loud Back
in New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Congressman
Eugene F. Loud, chairman of the House
Committee on Posuoffices and Post Roads,
and Superintendent Victor J. Bradley of
the Railway Mall Service, who have just I
completed a six weeks' tour investigating |
the workings of the postal systems of
! Great Britain, France and Germany, are
! busy compiling a report of their observa
i lions. The principal object of the excur-
I sion abroad was to learn the amount of
; compensation paid railway companies
! there for carrying mails. Results in this
; direction are not satisfactory, as both the
English and Continental systems of book
keeping are different from the American
system. Generally speaking, there is
! hardly a foreign idea that can be adapted
to the American service with beneficial
results. In one respect, that of prompt
city deliveries, London and European
citl?s generally are ahead of New York
and American cities.
London has about three times as many
carriers and clerks as are attached to
New York's postofflce, but the pay of the
men is much less than in this city. Su
perintendent Bradley has arrived at the
conclusion that it takes three foreign car
riers or clerks to do what one American
does.
"In England." said Mr. Loud, "we found
| tho operation of a telegraphic service by
. the Postoffice Department a costly thing
for the Government. During only two out
of the twenty years, 1 believe, that the
1 Government lias operated lines have tlia
never Jacked defenders in every crisis of
Its history. From the revolutionary days
to the present the citizens of the L'nited
States have been ever ready to uphold at
any cost the flag and the honor of the na
tion and to take all the responsibilities,
born of duty, that can never be repudi
ated. Duty unperformed is dishonor, and
dishonor brings shame, which is heavier
to carry than any burden which honor
can impose. My fellow citizens, I thank
you for this more than gracious •velcome
and bid you all good morning."
Secretary of War Root, Secretary of the
Navy Long and Attorney General
Griggs also made short but patriotic
speeches.
PEORIA, 111., Oct. 6. -Between Quincy
and Peoria three brief stops were made at
Macomb, Canton and Bushnell. At each
of these stations the President was es
corte*d from the train to platforms erected
for the ocasion. The entire population of
these towns appeared to have turned out
to greet the chief magistrate, and he was
invariably welcomed with boundless en
thusiasm and applause. At Macomb the
President said:
"My fellow-citizens: I thank you for
this cordial greeting and generous wel
come. It is a pleasure for me to look into
your faces, to feel your warm hearts and
to know that you are interested in the
prosperity and honor of the Government
of the United States. These great assem
blages of the people teach patriotism, and
patriotism Is the mighty power that sus
tains the Government in peace and unites
us in war. (Great applause.) The patriot,
loves his home, his family, his profession,
his farm, his books, but he has a great
love which includes all these— he loves his
country. (Great applause.) No more
splendid exhibition of patriotism was ever
shown than was exhibited a few days ago
in the distant Philippines. (Appiause.)
That gallant Tennessee Regiment from
our Southern border, that has been absent
from home and family and friends for
more than a year, was embarked on ship
homeward bound. When the enemy at
tacked our forces remaining near Cebu
these magnificent soldiers disembarked
from their ship and Joined their comrades
on the firing line and achieved a glorious
triumph for American arms. (Groat ap
plause.) That is an example of patriot
ism that should be an inspiration to duty
to all of us in every part of our common
country."
The speech of President McKinley at
Bushnell was as follows:
"My fellow-citizens: I thank you for
this warm welcome. I thank the chil
dren of the schools for coming to give me
greeting with the Hag of our country in
their hands. The last two years have
registered not alone our martial triumph,
hut have recorded equal triumphs in
peace. We have not only overcome In the
war with Spain, but we have overcome
the enemies of prosperity and scattered
their forces, and to-day the I'nited States
is enjoying an era of prosperity unprece
dented In our history. No man rejoices
m<>re in that fact than do I, because it
bus taken blessings to the homes and the
firesides of seventy millions of my coun
trymen."
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
MEETS COLONEL BRYAN
PEORIA. 111., Oct. B.— Colonel William
Jennings Bryan sat directly behind Presi
dent McKinley this afternoon at Canton,
111., while the President delivered a brief
address to the citizens of that town. A
street fair is in progress at Canton and
Colonel Bryan had been secured to de
liver a two hours' speech. The Nebraskan
was among the first to greet President
McKinley as ho left the train and ascend
ed the platform. Whea the President ion
eluded his address he turned and neartily
grasped Colonel Bryan's outstretched
hand.
"(Jood-by, Mr. President," said Colonel
Bryan, and the President responded with
a word of farewell. This closed the short
meeting between the former rivals of
1596, as the Presidential train lc-ft immedi
ately. Colonel Bryan delivered his address
after the departure of the President.
wires paid Interest and operating ex
penses, and the service is relatively no
cheaper than here. The minimum charge
is G pence for twelve words, including ad
dress and signature, and they have to
use cipher and codes and keep within the
limit. A man hardly thinks of signing
his full name to a telegram.
"Owing to the high paper rate news
papers make little use of tho mails. A
charge is made for forwarding letters on
the train after the mail intended for that
train is closed. Six o'clock in the evening
is the general mail-closing time and
trains start at 8 o'clock that will reach
all parts of the country by morning. If
a. man posts a letter after 6 o'clock for
one of these 8 o'clock trains he has to
pay an extra fee."
Colgan Brings Suit.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 6— The State of
California, by State Controller Colgan.
brought action in the Superior Court here
to-day to recover $6035 for the maintenance
of persons sent from Sonoma County to
the Glen • Ellen Home for the Feeble-
Minded.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. •
" You Can't Catch the
Wind in a Net"
Neither can you cure catarrh by local
applications. It is a constitutional disease,
and is cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla be-
cause it is a constitutional remedy. It
expels from the blood the impurity
<which causes the disease, and rebuilds
and repairs the inflamed membranes.
ENGINEERS ARE
ROW UP IN ARMS
Object to the Personnel
Law of the Navy. \'.
•
RESIGNATIONS THREATENED
>
LINE OFFICERS ARE SHOWN
THE PREFERENCE.
. *
Engineers Qlaim That the Ruling of
the Secretary Does Not Follow
the Intent of the
Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.—
The operation of the new personnel law of
the navy, which went into effect on July
1 last, does not meet with the approval
of a large number of Jhe former engineer
officers. One able member of that corps
has already resigned, and others are likely
to follow. The Engineer Corps:, it will be
remembered, was merged with the line
corps, taking rank with the latter, and
the Engineer Corps has ceased to exist.
The duties hitherto performed on board
ship and ashore by engineer officers solely
will In the course of time be distributed
among officers who, without being spe
cialists, show an aptitude and preference
for such service. In other words, it will
be attempted to make the line officer fit
for all-around duty on deck and In the
engine-room, and there are already mis- ;
givings as to the practical working of j
this plan.
Of the 170 officers of the defunct Engin- j
eer Corps there were on July 1 ten who |
became captains and sixteen ranking as ',
commanders. The average ages of these j
two grades were 60 and 56 years, respect
ively; their tour of sea duty has termin
ated, and they will hencetorth perform
engineer duty on shore only. Twenty
eight lieutenant commanders of 49 years !
average age are to perform engineer duty i
at sea or on shore unless they qualify
for general duties of the line by examina
tion, in which latter event they will be
eligible for command and other duties of
the line. Next follows forty-five lieuten- i
ants, of which the hrst twenty-five aver- |
age 43 years and the other twenty about i
40 years, who are in the same category as
the lieutenant commanders. Seventy-one
lieutenants of the two grades and ensigns
are slated to perform iine duty, but are |
required to qualify by examination for j
such duty after March 3. 1901.
General order No. 524 Issued by the Navy !
Department formulates and defines the j
duties of former engineer officers, and
also those of the warrant machinists, of <
which latter a corps of one hundred war
rant officers is in course of formation. A
certain number of the former engineer
officers, embracing seventy-three lieuten
ant commanders and lieutenants, are up
in arms against the new law, claiming
that the Secretary's ruling is contrary
to the intent of Congress. The Secretary
has already issued orders to about thirty
of these officers to prepare for sea duty
and for a course of instruction in line
work. It Is evident that none of the lieu
tenant commanders and at least twenty
five of the lieutenants are suited for such
change- of work, and that it will simply
be a waste of time for men on the shady
side of 40 to attempt to learn a new pro
fession. On the other hand, no line officer |
has as yet been ordered to qualify for en
gineering duty, but upward of seventy of
the recently appointed warrant machinists
have been assigned to ships and will per
form the duties hitherto carried on by
engineer officers. The line officers are evi
dently getting even with the former en
gineers for the lntter's assurance to de
mand positive rank, and the Bureau of
Navigation is doing some artistic Italian
work. The engineers were only after the
rank of line officers, but did not wish to
perform the duties of line officers. Much
against the wishes of the greater number,
they are now forced to go through a
course of line duty instruction, for which
they have no taste, and failing in the
(nullifying examination— which the major
ity are surf tn do— their position is some
what humiliating.
It has always been contended by the ma- ]
jorlty of line officers that the duties of a
high priced and highly scientific officer on
board ship could be equally well per
formed by a warrant engineer at $100 per
month. This is now being done, and i
places the scientific commissioned en
gineer officer on a level with the warrant
machinist. It would appear as if the
whilom engineers made a bad bargain
when they bartered their substantial ex
istence as a special corps for the empty
honor of military titles. As for the war
rant machinists' corps, composed of prac
tical engineers competent to care for and
to run and repair their engines, it is only
a matter of a few years when it will
clamor for commissions as regular officers
in the navy, and It is sure to succeed just
as the recent engineer corps had pro
gressed from plain "greasers" to commis
sioned officers.
CRUSHED IN A HARVESTER,.
J. Draper Killed by the Machine He
Invented.
MERCED, Oct. 6.— J. Draper, the In
ventor of a combined harvester, met his
death last night at the Inglesbe ranch, a
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
FOUR-DAY
HAIR
RESTORER.
Safe to use. Easy to ap-
ply. Certain in its results.
Magical in its effects on
gray and faded hair. Re-
stores the natural color of
youth without any incon-
veniences or disagreeable
effects. It is not a dye and
is not in any way injurious.
$1.00 per bottle. All drug-
gists.
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS
RECEIVED FROM DELIGHTED USERS.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERM VTOLC GIST,
40-42 GEARY ST. . SAN FRANCISCO.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Ureai Kesiurutive, lnvigoraior anu .Ncr-
Vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita.
NAUER. AI..FS * BRUME. Agents.
523 Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
fc£sl Glilokeatai'a Encllsh Dlaiaood Brand. -
f ENHYROYAL FILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 ■~^*~X Original and Only Genuine. A
r y»7^>.\ sure. alw»,T§ Mliable. la o i i t> ask /^V
fi> 71 lu-jiifu Drngtist Ibr ChUKatert BnqlUh Dia-tZn"*
£J*it£}Qfips\'n<>n.l Brand in Kcd actf Gild m«ullle?\>9
*ES. italad with b'.uo ribbon. Tnke V&T
MA ig^ -Jflo other. Refu-f dnngtr:*.! mbititw V
I"I — fw tions and imitatu nt. At Uruggittt. or tend 4«.
I C- Jit tn (tamps for p '.rtlculari. tc»timoalilj sat
\w 19 " Kcllof "or Lodlcn," in w.ier, b» re tnr»
■Skf - /T Midi. 0,000 TntlßesUlt. Una, Paper.
•*"*/ Chli>b^*>rC>ieitllOßlOo.,MnOl»«aBQa«»r%
mi all i>r«<fUth m . JPH IL ADA-
few miles north of Merced, while oiling
the machine he invented. The harvester
was sent to the Inglesbe ranch for trial
and was not working properly so Draper
was sent for from Stockton to place it in
running order. He was oiling the machine
while it was in motion when his arm was
caught in the chain and he was dragged
in and crushed to death before the horses
could be stopped. Draper was 6.3 years
of age and spent several years working
on his invention.
1-2-3-4-5-6-7
fl. Palpitation
6 of Heart,
""vu^j^' ■ ?• ladies.
Dizziness,
/HUDYAN FOR NERVES :\ ■
V fILL DRUGGIST S-50c. )
All the above symptoms denote nerv-
ous disorder. That HUDYAN cures is
proven by the letter of MRS. WAT-
SON, who writes:
Dear Doctors: I am so well pleased
over the result of HUDYAN in my case
that I want you to know of It. I was in
poor health. My nerves were affected,
and besides I suffered with an illness pe-
culiar to my sex. 1 had no appetite, suf-
fered intense headaches, could not sleep
at night. Was pale and thin and so weak
that I could scarcely walk.
HUDYAN removed every indication of
my trouble and I am to-day in -perfect
health. I do recommend HUDYAN.
U-V/v;;. MRS. H. T. WAToON.
Los Angeles, Cal.
HUDYAN is palatable, pleasant in
effect and cures permanently. Get
HUDYAN from your druggist, 50c a
package, six packages for $2.50. If he
does not keep it, send direct to HUD-
YAN REMEDY CO.. cor. Stockton, El-
lis and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS- FREE.
CALL OR WRITE.
JlllllllllMllllllllllimilllllltlllllllllMllllllllllllllllllk
E|^ Dl II Q
■ I am &■ =
I Cure I
! Constipation I
I and I
I Siok Headache !
i • Quicker than anything else. S
| 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists. i
nun iMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiMiinir
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE- — — " V
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York on the 31st day of December, A. D.
| 1898. and for the year ending on that day, as
made- to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAL .
Amount . °. £ Capital Stock, - Pa - up In %mm °°
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company...... $721,770 68
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages......
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by C0mpany............ 3,491,531
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 11.759 3.
Cash in Hanks VVI- •• 102.503 4o
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ....... 44,04297
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Premiums In due * Course of Coflec-. 2g9860 M
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Bl"^recVlVabje"noV 'matured, taken 289,560 61
I BIIH receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 228 50
Rents due and accrued 3.599 31
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 4jw
Total Assets ..$4,668,340 78
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid •••••••• $57,650 83
Losses In process of Adjustment or _^
iissefrelisted.Vincluding'jxpenses:: 17.102 45
Gross premiums on . Flre «'!:** In-
ning one year or less. $1,330,013 77.
reinsurance 50 per cent ]■■■■•■;- .°°« «
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,650,-
-225 81: reinsurance pro ........ 86 . 22 15
Gross premiums on Marine and In- ,
land Navigation Risks. $ ; — ;
Gro^8 SU premlums on Marine Time
Risks $ '• reinsurance 50
Due" "ml ' ' accrued" " " for salaries;
rent etc 10,39S 09
All other demands agalns the Com- -
pany 116,497 71
Total Liabilities .$1.844.865 S3
INCOME. '
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums .............. ..$1,868,588 Z3
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
* rine premiums ;;•••: •:'
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Received for Interest and dividends
or. Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 122. 41
Received for Rents 8.224 30
Total Income ..$1.959,934 96
EXPENDITURES. •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $144,662 43. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,030,573 09
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ ; — . losses' of
previous years '.
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or .allowed • for Commission or
Brokerage 309.74113
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers,, clerks, etc 187,158 83
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 51.549 71
All other payments and expenditures 119.551 73
Total Expenditures $1,858,874 60
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year.... $1, 07*. 446 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ............... ... j $233,266,210 $2,363,90185
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year- 230,970.758 2.491,132 05
Net amount In force
December 31. IS9B 256.9fi3.211 3.015.239 58
JAS- A. MACDONALD. PresT"
G. W. BURCHELL. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1899. ,
T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDY
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT :
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
N.W. Corner Pine and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Pacific Coaet Department— Alaska, Washing-
ton, Oregon. Montana. Idaho, Nevada Utah.
Arizona. California and the Hawaiian Islands.
Agencies everywhere.AGUINALDO
IS BEGINNING
TO WEAKEN
Filipinos Frightened by the
Formidable Preparations
Made by America.
DEWEY SO BELIEVES
In the Return of Insurgents to
Their Farms the Admiral Sees
Signs of Disintegration.
fpee'.al TMepatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.—
ra] D< wey believe* the report taken
I Manila yesterday by a Dominican
friar that Aguinaldo had issued orders to
Hers In northern province? to
their towns and resume farm-
Ing. The admiral Is of the opinion that
.! move on the part of Aguinaldo
Ltes that the insurgent commander
aliening as a result of the formM
■ rat ions being made by this
this • a to suppress the Insur
. during the coming dry season.
The returning of the soldiers to their
hom^s is, th« admiral believes, the br>
ginnlng of the disintegration of the in
iny, and he urs^os that reln
ments f'>r both the army and navy
lent as expoditiously as possible to
.Manila in order to demoralize rebels be
fore tho dry season begins.
r Admiral Watson and General Otis
were Informed l>y cable to-day that the
Brooklyn, New Orleans. Badger and
Nashville had been given orders to pro
to the Philippines and that more
Is would follow. Commander Rog
: tli" Nashville informed the Navy
Department in a cablegram received to
day that he had already sailed for San
Juan, I'orro Rico, where he will Btop
and replenish his coal supply. The
Nashville Bhould make the trip to Man
!in In between seven weeks and two
■is.
Colonel Harry C. Kepler, First Montana
Volunteer Infantry has been commis
sioned as brigadier general of volunteers
for distinguished conduct at Maiolos on
March ol last.
GENERAL FRED GRANT
ROUTS THE FILIPINOS
\'II, A. Oct. 6.— General Fred Grant,
•with three companies of the Fourth In- !
fantry, two companies of the Fourteenth
Infantry and a band of si-outs attached to
the former regiment, advanced from lmu*
this morning, driving the insurgents from ;
the entire west bank of the Imus River.
Three Americans were wounded. It is es
timated that ten of the Filipinos were <
killed.
Companies C and H. with the scouts,
crossed the river at the bip bend and
advanc ed westward in the direction of :
the Bincayan road, the insurgents nring !
volleys but retiring. Twenty Filipinos i
were discovered in trenches at the Bin- '
cayan Church! about midway between Ua
coor and Cavite Viejo. These were routed, (
six bring killed.
Kik-y'-s battery of the Fifth Artillery
rnucJo fin i»ftVotivo portio about a mile
south of Bacoor and shelled the west bank
of the river at close range. That bank
is now held by the Americans.
OTIS' LATEST lIST OF
KILLED AND WOUNDED
HINGTON, Oct. 6.— Genera] Otis
I 51 asualties:
- - ptem
impany F, Corporal Jan:.
:• h Infantry, near Bai r,
' ' impany 11. Cor] raJ I tarney
first infantry, at Ca
r 3, C impany X, Frank J.
: Company I». Thomas Brothers;
. airy, near Mexico, Company
:. ■ . Ninth infantry, ;
... Arthur W. Cham
bell.
y, near Bacoor, !
• nant L<>uis R. ;
Signal < 'orps, Com
:■■ a -. knee, .-iipht; 1
;• tlderson, g
mti October S
Richard N< n derate; Charles
\'.. 1 '■• * ans, ..: -. ere; < Company E
>urtb infantry,
nj M, ' ' • illiam Pillaus,
thigh, moderate; Com 1 y M, <;eorge
Drouillet, arms, ipanj H i lor
poral
Fourth Cavalry, Fernando, Sep
:• 29, Company 11. Frank J. Mc
rst Infan
try. at Los Banoe, C \ Harold
T. Hely, knee, slight; at ■ • . , .,,,.
1 lompany 1 >. Frank
John H. Weaterhoff. chest, severe;
Company L, Corporal John Gillman, foot,
ADVERTISEME2ITS.
lie If llsl Fcasi
Is not infrequently followed by a long,
lenten period of enforced fasting and
fleshly mortification. The cheek grows
hollow, the eyes are dull and deep
ringed, and the step is slow and languid.
There is an "all dragged-out feeling,"
}F?cr 1 which makes fife
/^-iSk.~^' r^\ an utter burden.
Jy^/ZiJ&G&P The great func-
-^*&^n£k tional changes
'vfE I ™ '] * which follow
aaf^^ l§r marriage are not
W" £$ usually antici-
V «. /^m pated, or the wife-
/Vw >&i'M\ lv suffering might
.tir^x_rll ' be avoided.
I IJV'v Dr. Pierces Fa-
: / ' , /)/ vorite Prescription
''■',~* "*•'/ V is the best friend
/ irV-Hr 1 of weak and sickly
• ; « 1 women. It cures
/ i" I the womanly di»-
-1 if. //'/•; 4 eases that rob the
"• 14W 1~2 eye of brightness
* > - i £Nhi \ \ and the step of
■'&?s&£t<^ lightness. It tones
«^ \ , • '-^i up the system and
'■ V establishes the
S^^— • "^X womanly organ -
~^*"*-r- • 7 ,,f \ ism on a basis of
||ij|l|fcj! sound health,
i^,^ " " Favorite Pre-
™" vjy*^ scription" con-
' — ' tains no alcohol,
neither opium, cocaine, nor other nar-
cotics. Accept no substitute. There is
no other medicine "just as good" for
weak and sickly women.
" I had been a great sufferer from female weak-
ness for about two years," writes Mrs. Emma
Richardson, of Goss. Wavne Co., Ky. "Coald
not do my work part of the time. I took fotrr
bottles of Dr. Tierce's Favorite Prescription and
felt as well as I ever did."
Young married women will find a
lasting friend in Dr. Pierces Medical
Adviser. It contains 1008 pages and
is sent free (in paper cover), on re-
ceipt of 21 one -cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Cloth bind-
in 31 stamps. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
slight; ThJrty-sixth Infantry-, at Poras,
September at, Company E, Sergeant Jo
seph Bassford, head, arm, severe; Com
pany D, Corporal Louis J. Ingeterson,
ankle, moderate; Corporal Charles A.
\\ alters, hand, slight: Will Cooper, arm,
moderate; Company L. Benton Wilson,
buttock, moderate; Ninth Infantry. Com
pany I, Corporal Henry Murray, back,
slight; Thomas F. McCarthy, back and
lung, severe; Company D, William Horan,
foot. Blight.
ARMY MULES LOST
EN ROUTE TO MANILA
WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.— A cable mes
sage from General Otis to the War De
partment brings word of the loss of sev
eral hundred horses and mules on the
transport Slam. The message reads as
follows:
"MANILA. Oct. 6.— The steamer Slam,
which left San Francisco on August 18
with 45 horses and 21!S mule-s, encountered
a typhoon on the 21st in Northern Luzon,
In which all but about sixteen mules per
ished. The animals were killed by the
pitching of the vessel and lack of air
from the necessary closing- of the hatches.
There were no casualties among the pas
sengers. OTIS."
It is stated at the quartermaster's de
partment that the mules which were lost
on the Slam were trained park animals
and considered the most valuable sent to
the Philippines.
MANILA. Oct. 6.— The Siam, which left
Honolulu thirty-one days ago with 300
mules aboard, encountered several ty
phoons early this week. One lasted forty
hours. Most of the forage, which was
on deck, was swept overboard, all the
heats were smashed in. and the steamer
rolled tremendously in the trough of the
sea, although the officers made every ef
fort to bring her about.
The mules were hurled from side to side
and frightfully mangled and disembow
■ • 1. Their legs and necks were broken
and the wretched animals fell in such a
confused mass that the attendants were :
unable to relieve th«n.
In the meantime the deckload was
washed off, the ship lightened and the
rolling Increased.
When the storm abated the injured ani
mals were killed and their carcasses
thrown overboard. When the Siam ar
rived her propeller was high out of the |
water and the wrecks of her boats were j
hanging from the davits.
THE NASHVILLE SAILS
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. — Commander
Rodgers of the Nashville has lost no time
in obeying the orders of the Navy Depart
ment to start for Manila, a cablegram
received from San Domingo to-day an
nouncing that he had already sailed for
Han Juan, Porto Rico, where h<' will stop
and replenish his coal supply. The Nash
ville should make the trip to Manila l>y
way of the Suez canal in about seven
weeks, or perhaps two months.
REQUISITION FOR
NOTORIOUS HORSE THIEF
Volney Musgrave, Now in Mexico,
Wanted for Crime Committed
in the State of Texas.
AT'STIX, Texas., Oct. 6.— Governor Sav
ors to-day isused a requisition on the
Governor of New Mexico for Volney Mus
grave. who is wanted in La Salle County,
Texas, to answer an Indictment charging
him with horse theft. The request for
the requisition of Musgrave was made by
County Judge S. T. Dowe of La Salle
County, who states in his letter r.> Gov
ernor Sayers that the fugitive was one of
the men who munlrrci Sheriff J. L. Dowe
of Eddy County, X. M., a brother of thu
writer of the letter.
Judge Dowe also requests thrit the State
provide the Sheriff of La Balle County
with an armed escort to Insure the safe
delivery of the fugitive to the authorities
of that county, for the reason that the
k Jack" gang have planned to
cue the prisoner should an effort be made
to bring him back to Texas. Musgrave is
now In jail at Roswell, X. M. Judge
Dowe claims that a brother of Musgrave
is now the leader of the notorious "Black
Jack" Bra.ncr.
"CURE-ALLS" IN TROUBLE.
Dr. Sweany Sues Two of His Col
lectors in Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 6.— A pair of
sharpers named Dr. A. J. Osterman and
M: \ Heyman, who did a land office busi-
In the mountains by representing
themselves to be cure-all specialists, quar
over the division i I
turning to this city last night and as a
result Heyman had the doctor ar
■ ■ charge of embezzling coin, a nug
get and fToi.i dust valued at $100. In court
Heyman insisted on a jury trial, but later
the attorneys for both parties tnei
ted a settlement of their differei
Aa a sort of side issue to the affair 1 >r
F. I-. Sweany of San Francisco, for
whom both Heyman and Osterman have
been working, commenced attachment
proceedings i:i th • Superior Court this
afternoon against both men. Sweany
to recover $600 alleged to hav<
cted by Heyman and Osterman from
parties in various places Indebted to the
plaintiff.
DEFENSE IN MILLS CASE.
Many Witnesses Examined, but No
Strong Points Made.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 6.— The defend
ants in the Mills will contest opened their
case this morning.
Edward Hopper was the first witness
':. lie testified that he had been em
ployed about the Chatham home in the
Potrero for several years. Mills frequent
ly called at the house and was fond of the
children, while Chatham Ignored them
After the witness had left the Chatham
home he had heard the parentage of the
children discussed and remarks made that
Mills was the father of Maria and Rob
ert.
Several other witnesses wore called and
nil agreed on the point thai Robert and
Maria were generally considered to be the
. Uldren of Mills.
The case has been adjourned to Monday,
as the attorneys wish to take depositions
of witnesses in San Francisco who can
not come here.
LIQUOR RUINED HIM.
"William 31 Gill Committed to Ag
news Insane Asylum.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 6.— William L. Gill, a
■well-known attorney at law, was commit
ted to the Ajmews Insane asylum this
afternoon. His mania is homicidal and
suicidal and is the result of continued dis
sipation Gill came to San Jose from New
1 ork thirty-five years a(?0 . He nad prac
ticed law in New York, and was also a
member of the Board of Education of that
city. Up to a few years ago he had a
large practice and was known all over the
State. For many years he was the part
£f 1 " £ Pi, M ■ Delma 3- A few years ago
his health gave way and he was placed
n a .P« vat « sanitarium. There Is no hope
for his recovery of health or reason, and
it Is stated he can live but a short time
BOY'S HORRIBLE DEATH.
Fell From a Car and the Train Passed
Over His Body.
PLACERVILLE. Oct. C.-Eme 3 t Jor
dan, the six-year-old son of Charles Jor
dan of this city, met a horrihle death at
the railroad yards in this city to-day He
with several schoulmab-s went to" the
yards during the noon recess of school
and climbed on the freight cars which
were beinar moved by the switch endne
He fell from the car on which be was rid
iiiK. and the train passed over him sever
ing his head and one arm from the body
and cutting the body in two above the
hips.
Improvements for Monterey
MONTEREY, Oct. 6.— An effort |g being
made to bond the city of Monterey to
raise funds for building a city sewer sys
tem and other permanent improvement's
Nothing definite has been done to accom
plish this end. but as the citizens are ap
parently in favor of the project it is be
lieved the preliminary stops to issue
bonds will be taken at an early day.
Killed by a Fall
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 6. — A teamster
named N. C. Garrison In the employ of
the Vuba Power and Electric Company
met with a sudden death last evening. He
was hauling lumber from the mill near
San Juan to the tramway when he foil
from the wagon, fracturing his skull and
collar bone. Nothing is known of the
dead man's relatives.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
DEWEY WILLING TO
ACCEPT THE HOME
Will Tal^e a House in Washiogtor)
Already Built Rather Thar)
Have One Constructed.
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S TEMPORARY ABODE.
Upon arrival in Washington last Monday night the hero of Manila Bay
was, after the reception ceremonies, made welcome at the home of Mrs.
Washington McLean, mother of the Democratic candidate for Governor of
Ohio. This comfortable dwelling is on X street, facing Farragut Square.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Admiral ,
Dewey has elect <d to accept a
house In Washington already
constructed Instead of having '
one built for his occupation, j
In accordance with the Invitation of the
committee which lias had in charge the
1 >ewey home work he called at the office
of Acting Secretary Allen, In the Navy
Department, at 10 o'clock to-day to in
dicate his preferences In the matter of a
r< si(!f>nce. There were present besides
Mr. Allen, Assistant Secretary Vanderllp, ;
Mr. Heath and Adjutani General Corbln.
The admiral was officially informed of
the purpose <>f the people of the United
States :■' present him with a home in
a. He frankly expressed his
gratification at the tender which he im
media£< !y accepted. He said had the pro
; osed borne b< en iln* gift of a few w< althy
men he should feel indisposed to accept
It. Bui he noted that the fund had over
43,000 subscribers, Indicating that the home
was to be really the Kift of the American
people and as such he would accept it i
with as much pleasure as he had the ;
sword bestowed upon him by Congress.
lie th*;i said be wished the house to be
located in the northwest Bection of the i
City 1 , somewhere west of Sixteenth street I
PLACERVILLE'S
BONDS RELEASED
City Government Will
Be Reorganized.
SDOclal Dispatch lo The Call.
PLACEKVILLE, Oct. 6.— A compromise
has been finally consummated by the
citizens' committee of fifteen and Drury
Melone whereby the city has at last come
into possession of the railroad bonds Is
sued by it in the early sixties to assist
in the construction of the old Sarramento
Valley Railroad to this city. The com
pany failed to build to the city and the
municipal authorities refused to make
any provision for the payment of the
bonds. In 1872 the city government re
signed, and since that time Placervillu
has been without any local government.
The debt, with accrued interest, had
reached a total of $284,300. An effort was
made by Melone at the last session of the
Legislature to secure remedial legisla
tion that would enable him to secure ser
vice upon the city. The bill was fought
bitterly, The Call coming to the rescue
of the city, and was finally defeated. Af
ter the defeal of his bill Melone agreed
to tako the sum of $36,150 25 in full settle
ment of all the outstanding bonds. His
terms were accepted, and ins of the prin
cipal property-holders joined in a note
for that amount, which was given to a
prominent San Francisco bank and the
money used to purchase the bonds.
The city government will be at once re
organized and a new set of bonds sold and
♦he note liquidated.
The debt has been a great Incumbrance
upon Placerville for more than a quarter
of a century, and every resident of the
city rejoices that the compromise has at
last been completely perfected.
CONSUL PICKERSGILL'S
PROTEST WAS FUTILE
Mrs. Todd, the Leper, Will Be Taken
to the Island of Molokai on an
Army Transport.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.— The Commis
sioner of Immigration is in communica
tion with General Shafter at San Fran
cisco, with a view to securing passage on
,-i t ransport for Mrs. L. M. Todd, a leper,
living In San Francisco, whom it 19 In
tended to deport to the island of Mo
l.'kai. The Kritlsh Consul General at
Kan Francisco, W. C. Pickc-rsglll, be
came interested In Mrs. Todd's case
and protested a^unst deporting her
to Molokai. Hf was a.^ked to make pro
vision for her care and isolation In Can
ada or elsewhere, but declined to do so,
and the Treasury Department to-day di
rected Immigration Commissioner Schell
at San Franrisro to proceed under his
previous instructions to secure passage
for Mrs. Todd on some army transport.
Schoolhouse Burned.
KBSWICK, Oct. 6.— The schoolhouse In
the Chinatown district across the river
from this place has again been destroyed
by fire. This makes three times within
two years. In each case the building, a
small country schoolhouse, has been de-
Btroyed while not in use. It is believed
that in each case the fire was Incendiary,
although no evidence has been obtainable.
There has been much dissension between
factions in the district.
Kraus Brought Back.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 6.— Constable Ingalls
returned here to-day from Portland,
bringing with him Albert Kraus, former
manager of a portrait company, who is
charged with seduction under promise of
marriage. The complaining witness is a
prominent young lady of Healdsburg.
Kraus explains his absence upon the day
set for the wedding by saying be did not
and not too far north, thus Indicating the
neighborhood of his former residence and
the club where he had spent a good deal
of his leisure time. First of all he want)
the house at the earliest possible moment,
so that he might "go in and hang up his
hat at once,", as he put it. Of course
that precluded the idea of erecting a
house to meet his special needs. He ex
pressed his ideas as to the character of
the homo he desires and asked that the
house be modest enough in appointments
and cost to permit of the retention of a
sufficient sum of money from the pur
chase fund to defray the expense of fur
nishing it. The committee listened atten
tively to all these wishes and saw no rea
son why all could not be gratified.
The admiral is going to New York and
will Bee the yachts on his way to Shell
burn farm, Vermont. He expects to re
turn to Washington in a week or bo.
Meanwhile the house committee having
invited written proposals on property,
will, so through the list carefully and
hope to be able to present to the admiral
on his return as many as half a dozen
available bouses from which he may
make a personal selection. The fund at
the disposal of the committee now
amounts to about $50,000, and it is earn
estly desired that this sum may be sub
stantially increased during the time re
maining before the purchase.
know the date had been set. He says he
is willing to marry now.
TURNERS WILL COMPETE.
Prize Tournament of the Turn Ve
rein Germania at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.-The fifth gym
nastic prize tournament of the Turn
Veroin Germania will begin to-morrow
morning:. At n o'clock there will be a
reception to the visiting Turners at the
Santa b> depot, whence all will march
t" th.> hall, where an address will be
given by Dr. 11. Newland. At 2:30 there
will .)«• an electric car excursion to East
Snie Park and prize shooting at the East
Side ranges. At 8 p. m. In the hall ad
dresses made by Mayor Fred
H. -No-Aland ol Log Angeles. There will
also be a gymnastic entertainment
sunday the gymnastic competition for
prizes will take place at Verdugo Park
and all active Turners will Join in a
competitive wand drill.
Thrown From His Wagon.
While driving across the railroad tracks
at Seventh and Townst-nd streets last
night Fred Petrie, a driver for Scott &
Magner, was thrown from his wagon and
miraculously escaped being killed. Petrie
was on his way to the stable to put up
his team, and while crossing the track
heard the ringing of an engine bell and
A c . co . mlnff c " nfused ' Pulled up the team'
At that moment an engine Lacking Into
the roundhouse struck the rig and Petrta
was thrown out and rolled under a boxcar
close by while one of the horses was «o
bady hurt that it ha- to be .shot. Petrie
was taken to the Receiving Ho«iiitnl an rf
treated for numerous severe bruises.
VALUABLE STAMP.
It Was Burned Up After Many Trav
els and Adventures.
In the year IRSI a twelve-penny black
Canadian postage stamp was printed by
the Government at Ottawa. The public
did not regard this somber Issue with fa
vor, so few were issued.
One of these stamps was sent to the
Hamilton Postoflice, where it was sold to
an old gentleman, who said it was a
shame to print the Queen's picture on a
stamp that might be handled by profane
hands, londerly the gentleman put It on
a parcel, sending it to a friend in the
united States. Here, in the waste basket
It lay for many a day, till an errand boy
found it and quickly transferred it to his
album. Despairing of getting a good col
lection, and his fever fur stamps some
what abating, he sold them to a dealer
The new owner, on looking at the cata
iogue, found that what he had paid $5 for
was wurth $25.
Accidentally this stamp was slipped into
a 26-cent packet and sent to a dealer re
siding in Hamilton. When the latter
opened the packet he was astonished to
find puch a valuable stamp, and being
honest, wrote his friend to Inform 'him of
what had happened, offering him $1200 for
it. The offer was accepted and the stamp
again changed hands. By this time the
stamp had increased in value and not a
few came from a distance to look at the
I treasure. One day an English nobleman'
who through a Canadian friend had heard
of the stamp, offered $1500, which offer
was accepted. The English lord falling
In love with an American heiress and
wishing to gain the favor of her brother
presented him with the stamp as a token
of esteem. Here, in its new and luxuri
ous American home, it came to a sad end
for one day the maid by mistake swept
the .stamp, which had accidentally fallen
out of the album, into the fire. In an in
stant the stamp which thousands had
heard of and longed for went up in smoke
to the broad blue sky leaving not a trace
behind.— Philadelphia Times.
• ♦ ■
One Woman's Wisdom.
He had proposed to the idol of his
heart, but things failed to come his
way.
"Do you know," he said as he was
leaving her presence forever, "that you
are wringing my heart from my
bosom?"
Seeine the case was hopeless, the par
ty of the first part lit a cigarette and
wandered hence into the hither.
UNITED STATES
WANTS TOO MUCH
Opinions of Minister of
Justice of Canada.
BOUNDARY LINE OF ALASKA
ONE OF THE POINTS NAMED
DOES NOT EXIST.
»
Hon. David Mills Thinks the Eule of
"What We Have We'll Hold"
Applies in the Boundary
i Dispute.
Sp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 6.— Speaking at
a mass meeting on the Alaskan boundary
question, Hon. David Mills, Minister of
Justice of Canada, said:
"While we are prepared to make con
cessions in regard to trade and to estab
lishing a friendly feeling we are unwilling
to surrender any portion of Canada to the
United States. I have no desire that the
people of this country undertake to ac
quire territory that does not belong to
them, but I would like to adopt the rule
that 'what we have we'll hold.'
"In 1824 the question arose between Rus
sia and Great Britain In regard to the lo
cation of the boundry between the fishing
posts that Russia hud and the trading
posts of England in the interior. The
question was in regard to the territory
north of 54.40. All south of 54.40 was ad
mitted to be the property of the United
States, and the treaty of 1524 was made
for the purpose of drawing a line between
the territory of Russia and Great Britain.
The treaty does not refer to anything
south of 54.40. All it deals with is the ter
ritory north of that latitude. The treaty
provides that the boundary begin at the
extremity of Prince of Wales Island and
from there up Portland channel to where
the 56th parallel touches the shore. But
ascending Portland channel the direction
is not northward, but eastward, and it
would be strange If Portland channel was
Intended. To ascend northward to where
the 66th parallel touches shore one would
have to ascend Clarence channel where
there is a point where the 56th parallel
touches water. There is no such point on
Portland channel. Then the boundary is
to follow the line of the coast range no
matter how high or how low the range
may be. But if the range recedes from
the coast more than thirty miles, then the
boundary is to be drawn at thirty miles.
There are points where it cuts through
the mountains. According to international
law, I say you do not go around such
arms, but from the crests on one side to
the other. The treaty also provides that
ships of each nation have a right to trade
in the waters for a period of ten years.
If the American contention that the line
passes around each arm be correct there
would be no water In British territory,
and that clause would be absolute non
sense.
"According: to the treaty the line must
be drawn so as to leave some portion of
the sea in British territory. We offered
a compromise, allowing the" United States
to ha\e Dyea and and give us
Pyramla harbor. They said 'No. we will
not compromise, and we cannot arbitrate,
for the arbitrators might decide against
us Give us everything in dispute and we
will arbitrate the remainder.'
"We are in favor of a fair and just set
tlement, as,..ng nothing we do not believe
is ours, and If mistaken arbitrators will
decide against us and we are content.
But we art- never content to have our ter
ritory squatted upon and held by squat
tors right of few years' standing."
GRAND COUNCIL OF
PORTUGUESE ADJOURNS
Important Change Regarding the Is-
Euance of Life Insurance
Policies.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. C.-The thirteenth
annual Grand Council of the Portuguese
Union has come to a close. A night ses
sion whs held last evening, lasting until
half-past 3 o'clock this morning.-when the
council adjourned to meet in San Jose
the first week in October of next year.
The grand officers were installed by A.
Fonte of Oakland. He was assisted by
Acting Grand Marshal A. Martin of San
Francisco.
The officers installed were: Supreme
president, A. J. Ponheira of Benlcia; su
preme vice president, J. Valadao of Oak
land; supreme secretary, L. J. Martin of
San Leandro; supreme treasurer, J. G
Mattos of Centervllle; supreme master of
ceremonies, J. H. Woods of Oakland; su
preme marshal. F. F. Santos of IVlaluma;
Bupreme guard, J. F. Brandao of Center
ville; supreme outer guard, Manuel Mit
chell of Santa Cruz; supreme medical ex
aminer, J. S. A. Cabral, M. D., of Center
ville; supreme directors— A. Fonte, Oak
land; F. J. C'unha, Oakland; F. I. L,emos*
llaywards; A. F. Cunha, Milpitas; J. Bap
tista, San Francisco.
It was too late to appoint the commit
tees and district deputies, but these will
be appointed later by letter.
Resolutions thanking the press, the citi
zens of Santa Cruz and others were
adopted.
A very Important matter was settled
in regard to issuing life insurance
policies. Heretofore all a member had to
do was to go before the grand secretary
and he had a right to change a policy at
his own option; but now a policy cannot
be changed until the supreme secretary is
notified and the change is attested before
a notary public.
ABALONE FISHING CHECKED.
Ordinance Adopted by Monterey's
Board of Supervisors.
MONTEREY. Oct. 6.— The Board of
Supervisors of Monterey County has Just
passed an ordinance prohibiting any com
pany or corporation from catching aba
lone shellfish for the purpose of curing
or shipping out of the county except along
the coast line between a line drawn due
west from the Carmel River and the
southern boundary line of Monterey
County, and making it unlawful to nsh
for abalone except In deep water and by
means of diving apparatus or other deep
sea devices. A license of $60 is also to be
charged in the future for fishing for
abalone.
This ordinance Is the result of a fight
between the city of Monterey, seeking to
stop the catching and shipping out of
the county of abalone or abalone shells,
and the Japanese cannery, that has car
ried on an extensive business at a plant
on Carmel Bay, about six miles south of
Monterey, for the past year, and is in
the nature of a compromise between the
rival parties.
Resolutions of Respect.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 6.— The members of
the San Rafael Bar Association held a
meeting to-day in the apartments of Su
perior Judge F. M. Angellotti, at which
resolutions of respect were adopted to the
memory of Attorney Hepburn "Wllkins
and of condolence to his relatives. These
resolutions will be presented In court next
Monday morning by ex-Jiulge Mahon
with a full membership of the Bar Asso
ciation present, and court will be ad
journed for a day out of respect to the
memory of the deceased. The funeral of
the deceased attorney will be of a strictly
private nature and will occur next Sun
day at 10 a. m.
Miner Found Dead.
REDDING, Oct. 6.— Word reached here
this evening that Michael Tully, a miner,
77 years of age, had been found dead in
his cabin in the gold-digging district. The
body is badly decomposed, having prob
ably been dead several days. Death is
believed to have been due to natural
causes. Decedent was a single man, and
had followed mining in county for
many years.
Dewey Celebration.
Americans are quick to appreciate merit. The
Dewey celebrations prove that, and it is again
forcibly demonstrated in the praise and confi
dence which is accorded to Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, one of the most meritorious remediea
ev*r compounded for indigestion, constipation,
dyspepsia, biliousness, liver or kidney disease
or any trouble arising from a weak stomach.
, il >-qu iiavo a weak stouuicU don't fall to try. 1t,.,
POUNDMASTER SAVED BY
THE DOG HE SPARED
Dan Slinkey of Sausalito Would Have
Drowned Had It Not Been for the
Sagacity of a Dog.
SAL'SALITO, Oct. 6.— Dan Slinkey, the local poundmaster, who has the rec
ord of killing more dog-s than any other man In California, came within a
hair's breadth of losing his life in the waters of the bay lastfnight, and the
fact that he is still in the land of the living is due to a dog— a poor, miser
able little cur that Slinkey should have killed weeks ago if he had followed
strictly the rules laid down by the ordinance. But for some reason — Slinkey
now inclines to the opinion that it was fate — he spared the dog simply be
cause it looked so lonely and miserable that he had not the heart to put an
end to the creature's life. The poundmaster now thanks his lucky star he
didn't, for If he had a watery grave would have been his portion.
Last night Slinkey came over on the late boat from San Francisco, closely
followed by the yellow dog, which has never forsaken him since he spared
its life and gave it a good meal. As the boat docked Dan got headed in the
wrong direction, and instead of walking off the boat upon the slip ambled off
the other end into the bay. As soon as he hit the water the dog heard the
splash and ran to the edge of the boat. Seeing its friend struggling in the
water the dog uttered a howl and darted back to the restaurant of the boat,
where a number of deckhands were congregated. By howling and whining
and running a short distance away, only to return and make more signs of
■ distress when It perceived that it was not followed, the faithful brute man
aged to notify the deckhands that something was wrong. They followed it
to the end of the boat and saw Slinkey floundering in the water. It was the
work of a few moments to procure a rope and drae the unfortunate pound
master out of his predicament. He was so weak when he reached the deck
of the boat that he sank down exhausted. Dan now freely admits that he
o\ve9 his life to the dog as well as the dog its existence to him, and here
after will see that It never lacks protection if he has to pay Its license out
of his own pocket.
Two years ago Slinkey was found lying close to the railroad track with
his arm crushed. He had evidently been struck by a train and hurled to one
side of the track instead of being thrown under the wheels of the engine. He
has also had a number of other narrow escapes from a violent death.
TWO MEN ROB A
GAMBLING HOUSE
Faro Dealer Held Up
With a Pistol.
Bpeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 6.— The Palace
saloon and gambling house, owned by
Gus Hirschfeld, was held up at 2:30 o'clock
this morning by two bandits and $245 was
secured. Mr. Hirschfeld was behind the
bar when the robbers entered the saloon.
They came in with their faces hidden be
hind handkerchiefs and danced about the
room, brandishing their six-shooters, each
m;m having two guns.
Mr. Hirschfeld thought It was a joke
being played on the place, but when one
of the men approached the faro game and
ordered the dealer to hold up his hands
the proprietor saw at once that the men
meant business. One of the robbers stood
in the center of the room guarding his
pal who was robbing the bank. Mr.
Hirschfeld secured his six-shooter and
fired at the robber who stood guard. The
robber returned the lire, but neither bul
let took effect.
The robber who went after the monpy
grabbed at a pile of $5 gold pieces as the
snooting was going on, and the money
was scattered over the floor in his ex
citement. Both men escaped. There were
but few people in the saloon at the time
of the robbery, and those, who witnessed
it could not give any description of the
robbers, so that the police are working
without a clew.
VIOLATED LIQUOR LAWS.
Aged Mrs. Craddoek Enters Upon a
Long Term in Jail.
MARTSVILLE, Oct. 6.— For selling In
toxicating liquors in violation of a Sutter
County ordinance and persisting in the
same in the face of friendly warnings
Mrs. Maggie Craddock of Nicolaus has
entered upon a term of 2.i0 days in th»
County Jail, refusing to pay the fine im
posed by the Justice after the jury had
convicted her. The jury in the case of her
son, charged with the same offense, dis
agreed. Mrs. Craddock is nearly 70 and
is quite infirm.
REVOLUTIONS FAIL.
Special Cable tn The CaW and the New York
Herald. C pyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Oct. 6.— The failure of a few at
tempts at revolution in the last four years
and the collapse of the latest effort to
overthrow the Government seems to show
that the time for revolutions in Peru has
gone by. The persons who have been con
cerned in the various uprisings have pe
titioned the Government for amnesty, pro
viding to submit if their petition is
granted.
Endeavorers Meet.
PLACERVILLE, Oct. 6.— The annual
convention of the Sacramento Society of
Christian Endeavor met in this city this
evening. A large number of delegates ar
rived on the evening train.
Jose Mascarel Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.— Jose Mascarel.
an historic figure in Los Angeles and a
well-known character in Southern Cali
fornia, died this afternoon at the age of 83
There is nothing like comparisons to
settle values. Call for samples of our $10 oo
tailor-made suits and compare them with
any others you wish.
If you are a judge of cloth you will give
us your order — we will make the suit satis-
Ifactorily and give you a year's protection.
We send self- measurement blanks with
the samples to out-of-town people.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street and
Cop. Powell and Eddy.
years. Death was due to heart failure.
He leaves a widow by a second marriage
and two sons and a daughter. His estate
is estimated to be worth about $400,000 in
the shape of cash, real estate and valu
able stock.
PROTECTING THE FORESTS.
Work of Forest and Water Associa-
tion During the Year.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.— W. Q. Kerck
hoff, president of the Forest and Water
Association of Los Angeles, said to-day
in reference to th 9 work of the associa
tion:
"The Forest and Water Association had
in contemplation the thorough explora
tion and mapping of our forest reserves,
but owing 10 the shortage of funds has
not been able to send out a properly
equipped engineering and surveying party.
However, the students of the forestry
branch of the University of Southern
California volunteering to do this work.
the association arranged for J. H. Nicoli
and C. C. Mitnning to go into the San
Gabriel forest through the San Gabriel
Canyon and make a thorough report on
the varieties of timber and brush growing
in the forest reserves, reporting the
growth on each quarter section of the
territory Investigated; also noting the
best possible points for starting replant
ing.
"It is not expected that the association,
with its available funds, can do much In
the way of replanting, but it is thought
that if it can be demonstrated that thia
work can be done at a reasonable cost
that the Government may possibly be in
duced to make appropriations for thia
purpose.
"The association has also been gather-
Ing a lot of seed of the native growth,
as well as the seed of the Sequoia Gigan
tea ol the Northern Sierras, which it in
tends to plant out during the present
fall.
"We were all pleased this year, not
withstanding the extreme dryness, that
we did not have the usual amount of for
est fires, due undoubtedly to the greater
vigilance of the forest patrol. Thia
should be very much increased, and it
should be possible with the proper super
vision of people entering the reservation
to restrict still further the forest fires,
perhaps entirely prevent them."
Boy Drowned
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 6.— Charlie Arndt.
aged 10 years, while stepping from a
barge to a small boat on the river late
this afternoon fell into the water and was
drowned. Several persons on the water
front witnessed the accident but were un
able to reach him in time to save him.
The body was not recovered.
Witnesses to a Lynchinsr.
COVELO, Oct. 6.— The presence of Sher
iff Bergin of Trinity County with subpe
nas for sixty persons to appear at Wea
verville on the 16th inst. as witnesses in
the coming trial of Thomas B. Hayden
and Fred Radeliffe is exciting this town
to-night. Hayden and Radcliff are up for
complicity in the Littleneld lynching.
Duarte Acquitted.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.— Frank Duarte,
a Mexican, who has been on trial for
the murder of Edward Lopez at Santa
Anita on July 4 last, was acquitted by a
jury this morning. The jury went out at
4 o'clock jesterday and did not agree un
til this morning. His plea was self-de
fense.
Teachers' Institute Adjourns.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 6.— The closing ses
sion of the County Teachers' Institute
was held this morning at the Congrega
tional church. The work of drawing was
taken up by C. P. Neilson. Reports of
committees were heard and Rev. J. B.
Orr, pastor of the Congregational church,
delivered an address.
34
HIGH SCHOOL
BOYS ON THE
CINDER PATH
Semi-Annual Championship Meet.ng
This Afternoon on
Berkeley Oval.
Athletes representing the various high .
schools will meet in spirited rivalry on I
Berkeley Oval this afternoon^ The youth- j
ful sprinters, hurdlers and jumpers have j
trained as faithfully for the meeting as j
do the men of the colleges for their con- j
tests on path and field. These field days •
are never one sided, as the struggle for
first place is invariably in doubt until the .
last event has been decided.
The young athletes, the majority of
whom are yet In their "teens. " always
receive the encouragement of their school
mates. The pupils gather under their own
banner and whenever one of their repre-
Bentatives wins the colors of the school
flash into sight and lend a dash of color
to the whito dresses of the girls and the
more somber garb of the boys.
The championship rests between Berke
ley. Vktah and Oakland this afternoon. ,
Berkeley and Oakland will send the fast- !
est sprinters to the path, while 1 kiah Is
strong in the field events and in the hur
dles At least two records are at the i
mercy of the stout-limbed youngsters, i
HondYickson and Thomas have each run i
120 yards over the sticks in 17 seconds in j
practice. The record is held jointly by
Hendrickson and Hoffman at 17 1-5 sec- :
onds When the spirit of competition stirs
the men in this race there Is no telling |
what time the watches will register.
[rwln of Berkeley has vaulted in private
10 feet 10*j inches, as against the acad- J
emio record of 10 feet 3 _ inches and j
"Charley " Dole's Intercollegiate record of j
10 feet 10 inches.
Jacobs (Polytechnic). Asbill (Lowell) !
mid Jacobus (Oakland") are the most j
promising nen in the pprtnts. All the
event* are well filled, which insures ex
citing sport. John Elliott, the Nestor of
amateur athletics on this const, will be ;
referee. The games will bo held on the j
grounds of the L'nlverslty of California,
Berkeley, and will commence upon the \
arrival "of the 1 o'clock boat from this \
city. The officials re:
Referee, John Elliott; timers— Dr. T. D. j
"Wood i Stanford'. George S. Thompson!
and John A. Hammersmith; judges at
finish— P. W. Byrd S. 3. Peixotto. W. P.
Dunn and Professor Argell (Stanford*:
liel.l judges— Thomas Carroll. F, Estes, J.
Hoffman and E. R. Decoto; inspectors—
A Cadlgan, E. Townsend, R. Nicholson
nnd lister C. Oppenheimer; judge of
walking— A, M. Walsh; clerk of course—
N. F. Titus; assistant clerks— B. Moulder
nnd E. C. Foster; measurers— C. Rlu
menthal. E. Robinson and W. Mtddletoi
marshal— George Miehling; assistants— F.
Cat tell and George Elliott: announcer—
Lucien White; scorer— F. Dunn.
BIG PRIZES OFFERED
THE COURSING MEN
The management of Union Coursing
Park will mark in a fitting manner the
one hundredth meeting held under its di
rection. In order to attract the fleetest
dogs a special stake limited to thirty-two
entries has been placed on the card. The
entrance fee will be iJ. while the money
added by the association will be $1000. With
the entry limited this will provide large
prizes tor all the dogs winning one or
more courses. To rill out the card a re- !
serve or non-winners' stake will be run. ■
The added money in this will also be j
large. The various rounds of the Centen- j
niai stake will be run on the 15th inst.
Bettors are often given to fads and
strange Impressions. Many of those who
follow cuursing claim that the dog on the i
white lias has a slight advantage over
the one on the red. It will interest them
to learn that of the dogs slipped at I'nion
Park during September 341 wearing the •
red collar won, us against 329 on the ;
white.
■
.
tntry. They succeed
W. 1.. Pej ti n and J. 1 ! .
Th it Inglestde
•
It will
within the vi- .
■ ■
shuts
-
If the rains come in due season th«>
members of the Interstate Coursing Club
will leave hero for their Merced meeting
on Tuesday, November 14. and will course
the succeeding Wednesday and Thursday.
If permission can be obtained the sport
will be held on the Nevada Bank ranch.
M. H. Scheper has applied for member
ship In the Ingleside Coursing Club.
D. Healey has a tine looking litter of
puppies by Matchless-Sweet Mai
J. J. Edmonds had a difficult time sav
ing his dog Whisky Hill after a four
minute course last week. The dog finally
came around all right and will soon be
in the running again.
Will Thompson expects some speedy
dogs for his kennels after the American
"Waterloo meeting in Texas. They will
be coursed there by Mr. Lowe 'and then
sent on here for the big stakes.
The Ir.gleslde Coursing Club has taken
no action on the recent ruling off of
Messrs. L-eek. Ohmeyer and Tyler. The
officials affirm they can do nothing until
the case is brought to their attention by
the American Coursing Board or one of
its atllllated clubs. .
T__ - • •*.; ■. ... ; -
FOUND LITTLE GAME
■ r -::rned
i-ake
11*- r
cinlt;
and . man. :!ip I
Mr. Bppinger, wil! re-
The Empire Gun Club members opened
the season on the Sonoma marsh with a
shoot and a bullshoa.l breakfast. This
was enjoyed by pomp fort; of the mem
bers and nearly 10) guests.
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
SPORTS
DUCKS SCARCE
ON BAY SHORE
AND PRESERVES
When Birds Do Come In From the
North They Are Expected in
Countless Thousands.
Only the novices wi re disapp minted at
the poor sport provided by the duel •
•i ihc opening of i l
Men experienced in the ways and
of t 1 • a iterl wl knew they would
be f the mai
w hen the cllmai I nswi
verse. It needs rain and frosi ai
heavy wind to drive the
down from their northern haunts. "
now on tf.
bred h-^re.
Although the ■ - iy was in a de
mises
well. It is the ■■pinion
■ • any ducks will
be ki!!< d tl
This predid
r.l from the far north, is al
ready plentiful, although n<
shoot. Its presence Is
unusual at this tim> ar.
One reason given I small num
n the pr< s
sc« sslve »
shot at • •■■ ■ within range of their
to whether it was
anything near i their guns.
Th!.- much
■
■ bi permitted to approach the n >nds.
A considei i I a pre
serves is still dry. This i i th"
men being mor< closely grouped than they
will be after the i
The membi rs of some clubs near Al
varado di I t see a duck flying on Bun
day. The biggest bag exhibit
train Sunday evening consist- I I
T-. m< ml
in <iur. Club v.
total being' 181 bil - fol
lows: Perkins, 50; Murphy, 46; Rol
17: Lloyd Eat n, Dieti Joint
b,ip of 26; Key. s. B; X '. An-
T 1 '.- men dr iwir g tl
blinds naturally showed •
The Sherman 1 - - ■
the n
curing only 244. Of thes< ;':
The members of the Teal Club waited
until Tuesday for their opening shoot. W.
F. VYhittier Jr. was the most successful,
securing 57. The remainder of the party
averaged 13 each.
Otto Feudner was high gun among the
Prir.gle Club men. his total being 52.
Howard Black enjoyed the quail shoot
ing on the Mason {ranch, the preserve of
the Olympic Gun Club. He used his new
16-gauge gun and killed eighteen birds.
Mr. Black heads the list of men who
have drawn positions on the Olympic duck
preserve for to-morrow. The remaining
members of the party are: Fred Feud
ner. W. A. Marshall. L. W. Hartin. Dr.
F. J. Lane. H. B. Rose. Dr. G. W. Klei
ser. E. Hirshfeld. Ed Dubedat and George
Walker.
The annual meeting of the Olympic Gun
Club will be held on the 25th inst. A reg
ular nominating committee will be ap
pointed at that time to select officers for
the ensuing term.
A part} of gentlemen of this city have
recently returned from an extended out
ing in Nevada and Idaho, and bring: won
derful stories of their experiences in the
field. The party was made up of Attor
ney J. \Y. Dorsey. Judge A. A. Sanderson
G. H. Umbsen. P. K. Gordon. D. R. Ses
sions. E. A. Kefl. Mr. Tucker. Sydney
Smith, A. J. Harrold of Visalia and John
Sparks of Reno. The range over which
the party shot is owned by the last two
gentlemen and is about seventy-five by
100 mil*-? square. It abounds in "deer, an
telope, bears, grouse of every description
and ducks. Its streams are tilled with
brook trout, fishermen of the party se
curing 300 in ■...- morning. They bring
back a niMnber of stories of the" chase.
The most remarkable of these Is to the
effect that a vaquero with the party was
standing on a high bluff and saw a bear
at its base He dropped a huge rock on
his bearshlp, killing him instantly. Judge
Sanderson vouches for this narrative, al
though he says he did not lose any bears
himself and did not seek those reported
in the vicinity of the camp. The bears
are a cross between the grizzly and the
cinnamon. They possess all the ferocity
ot the former with the speed of the lat
ter. In rough going they can travel faster
than a horse.
E. G. Rodolph and Judge Evans left
yesterday for the Eel River country They
go chiefly for quail, but will also avail
themselves of the flsnlng offered in that
district.
A large number of gunmen opened the
duck season at Johnsons, near Brent
wood, and enjoyed excellent sport. There
are no preserves on what la known lo
cally as the Old River, hence its popu
larity. The exact opening of the season
was not observed, as the shooting com
menced on Friday and was continued Sat
urday.
LAST OF THE CRICKET MATCHES
The last match on the schedule of the
California Cricket Association will be
played at Alameda to-morrow between
the Pacific and California teams. The re
suit will, however, not have any influence
on the awarding of the Brown pennant
for 1599, which has already been captured
by the California Club. The Californias
have already won eight out of the eleven
matches in which they have played, so
that their percentage is .727. The Ala
medas have scored six points out of a
possible twelve, their percentage being
.600. The Pacifies have scored three points
out of a possible eleven, making their
percentage .272. Should the Califomiaa
win to-morrow their percentage will be
.730. that of the Alamedas .500, and that
of the Pacifies ."ISO.
The representatives of the Pacifies in
to-morrow's match will be: George Theo
bald. C. Simmons. J. Myers. J J Theo
bald. J. H. Harbour. W. McDonald C P
Coles. H. Casldy. E. F. Mus"on \ W
Wilding and H. P. G. Gordon. The Cali
fornia team will be selected from the fol
lowing: K. >; Sloman. A. Dickenson O.
J. Thomas O. C. Farrell. A Willis. L.
Schroeder, J. D. Robertson. W \u000b
Fortescue. W. Reeves. E. J. Loushmari
C. H. Singleton and Mr. Pierce H h"
Cook^on. W. H. Howard and Ar: G
Sheath, all of whom rendered good serv
ice last Sunday in the match against Ala
meda. will not be playing to-morrow. The
California Club has more than fifty names
on Its list of members.
THE SAM FKAXCISCO CALL, SATUISDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES WILL MEET ON BERKELEY OVAL.
FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE CALL.
The eleventh semi-annual field day ' demic Athletic League, composed of t ho various high schools, will be hell
Oval. Th< by the league have shown their ability in the past to compete with
verslties can send forth in the way of sprinters, hurdlers, jumpers and weight men. I'kiah has developed
=omo ■ ■ ' jumpers and distance men, while Berkeley High School has placed some speedy sprinters in the field. The
have trained carefully for their engagements to-day and good work la expected in the various events.
GOLFERS MAKE
READY FOR THE
WINTER SEASON
San Rafael Will Hold Open Tourna- j
ments, Wniie Oakland Seeks
an Expert Coach.
The Tibbetts cup. presented to the Oak
land Golf Club by Mrs. Le Grand Cannon
Tibbetts. has been played for in four tour
naments, the victors In which were Vice
Captain P. E. Bowles, E. R. Folger, D.
F. Bt-lden and R. a. Cooke. These four
are entitled to compete in a fifth tourna
' mem for its possession. Cooke, however,
is absent from Oakland, and E. R. Folger
last Saturday defeated D. F. Uelden 2 up
3 to play. The trophy thus lies between
P. E. Bowles and E. R. Folger.
A series of home and home matches be
tween teams of the San Francisco and
Oakland Golt clubs will be played during
the coming season. The arrangements,
which will be similar to those made last
season will be completed by Vice Captain
P E Bowles on behalf of the Oakland
Golf Club and by a representative of the
; San Francisco Golf Club in place of \ ice
Captain William Thomas, who is other
wise engaged. Probably 11. B. Goodwin
! will conduct the negotiations on behalf
iof the Presidio golfers. , ...
The tournament committee, of which
! H. D. Pillsburv and H. B. Goodwin are
! members, will shortly prepare a schedule
; for the San Francisco Golf Club. It will
• not comprise so many events as last sea
son's .- cnedule, as the committee found a
i difficulty in getting the member to play
lin the scheduled events. It will, however,
include competitions on Thanksgiving day
and Washington's birthday.
Secretary H. M. a Miller of th Oak
| land Golf Club is trying to secure a first
class professional golfer and instructor
for the ciub. Although he has been in
communication with several profess
I als and has received many applications,
i he has not yet found an entirely suitable
I man. The Oaklanders are anxious to be
I well prepared for the coming interclub
I contests, and believe that a d-..zen or more
of their best players have reached a stage
! in their game from which they cannot
I make any advance without the coaching
I of a thoroughly expert golfer, who is at
i once a fine player and a good teacher.
The San Rafael Golf Club will hold the
! third of its fortnightly tournaments for
! members to-day. The ladies' handicap.
: play in which will begin at 10 o'clock this
j morning, will be at nine hole?. Twenty
i entries nave been received. For the men's
: handicap, eighteen holes, eighteen entries
i have been made. Play will begin at 2:30
! this afternoon. In addition to the handi
! cap events there will if time permits be
i contests in driving, approaching or put
i ting. The handicap events are medal play.
i and entries must be received at least one
1 day before the contest. There will also
i be general tournaments, open to members
! of any golf club, on election day, Thanks
! giving day, Christmas day and New
I Year's day. Members of other clubs who
i wi?h to compete- In a general tournament
I must send in with their entries three de
! tailed scores, signed by one or more mem
: bers of their club, and stating on what
i links and at what date the scores were
' made. All communications should be ad-
I dressed to T. W. Tetiey. San Rafael Golf
I Club. _
MARKSMEN ARE BUSY.
i The marksmen are looking forward to a
! public prize shoot to take place on the j
I new Glen Park range on the 2Sth. The
j event is being arranged by Manager Mr
'■ Gill of the park, assisted by Philo Jaco
! by and other riflemen.
I It is believed that at this time of the
| year th?re will be but little wind. On
. the date mentioned an organization of
i Turners will meet in the Glen and it Is
[ intended that the two events' will be held
s together. ,-■,::•:,
i The Sacramento Helvetia Rifle Club is
' preparing for an all-comers' tournament
\to take place this month. Cash r.nd mer
j chandise prizes are offered for best cen
! •■r-. most points and most rings.
A rifle snooting meeting is being ar
i ranged by the members of the lone Rifle
| Club to take place at lone the latter part
! of this mo ' " A team from the Tuolum
!ne Rifle Club will attend and several
I members of the Columbia Pistol and
! Rifle Club of this city have sic: Bed their
I intention of accepting the invitation to ]
t participate In the shoot. Dr. B. H. Fore
. man, the president of the lone Club, has
I been desirous of trying his skill with some
i of the bay sharpshooters.
! Eastern and Western revolver shots are
discussing a remarkable i' -shot revol
i ver record recently made by Dr. Ashley
A. Webber, president of the Brooklyn Re
volver Club. With a 3S-caliber new army
model Smith & Wesson revolver he made
i 435 points out of a possible KM on the --.'
{ military elliptical target at 30 yards on
■an open range. This is without doubt th*
best record of Its kind with a ml!itar>
revolver. The ammunition used was the
new army smokeless powder cartridge.
! One of the remarkable features of the
performance was that during the entire
shooting the weapon was not cleaned.
• Dr. Webber stated that he had fired £000
j shots from the weapon without once
I cleaning and the barrel has never fouled
, nor leaded in the least.
i ii i II nniiii ni in 1 1 1 1 1 «i IHHMlnrHllrlfHMTl
HOT STRUGGLE
BETWEEN THE
LEADING TEAMS
Senators and Locals Will Play a Series
of Three Games at Recreation
Park.
This is the time when the baseball en
thusiast is in his glory. The two leading ,
teams of the league will cross bats for a
series of games in this city. At Recrea
tion Park th - afternoon, to-morrow
morning and again to-morrow afternoon
Sacramento will mingle with San Fran
cisco. The outcome means much to both
teams as the gap between them is small.
The loaders may be overtaken in 4 he
coming race if ■Hank" Harris' men find
Harvey's curves as readily as they did
Whalen's last week. Sullivan behind the
bat seems to have steadied the local nine.
"With the new order of things San Fran
cisco is a much stronger team than it has
been for several months. The men are
playing in. championship form and will
give the leaders a tussle. Harris thinks
lberg is the most effective twirler he has
when playing against Sacramento.
Two games will be played on Sunday
at Oakland between Santa Cruz and Oak
land. The morning game in this city is
scheduled for 10:30. the afternoon game
at 2:30. After the morning game the
grounds will be cleared. The teams will
line up -day:
Ban Kranoisco. Positions. Sacramento.
Sullivan Catcher Stanley
Iburp pitcher Harvey
Courtney First baa? O'Connor
Kruir Second base .... ?tulz
Reilly Third base Sheehan
Brockhofl Shortstop Eagan
Muller L*.ft fieU McLaußhlin
: Pyne Center field Shanahan
! Hilderbran.lt Right field Doyle
FISHING ON EEL RIVER.
John Butler is expected home from his
annual fishing pilgrimage to Eel River to
morrow. According to reports received
from him the larger steelheads are again
running in the river, the early fishermen
missing them. Mr. Butler's star catch
was a 21-pounder. He also secured one
of twelve pounds and many smaller ones.
Colonel Kelihor. a thorough sportsman,
who spends several months of each year
on the trout streams of this coast, has
returned to his home in Texas. His last
fishing during his stay here was in the
Eel River district.
W. V. Hollingsberry of Salinas has the
record for the largest salmon in Monterey
Bay for the season of 1599. His wife re
tains the distinction of having secured
with rod and re«?l the largest number of
salmon in one day. Mr. Hollingsberry
captured a salmon weighing forty-two
pounds. Mrs. Hollingsberry secured thir
teen in one morning, the aggregate weight
cf which was 15 1 * pounds. Mr. and Mrs.
Hollingsberry were at Capitola for the
Bummer, and went salmon fishing every
morning for one week. During that time
they landed 184 fish. All fishing was done
with trout line, reel and pole. On the
morning when the largest salmon was
captured It took Mr. Hollingsberry fifty
five minutes to land his prize.
John Bern, the noted maker of arti
ficial flies for :":*herm>n. has just com
pleted a collection of those used in Cali
fornia. They are to form a part of the
State exhibit at the Paris exposition. Mr.
Benn la one of the most celebrated fly
makers in the world, his handiwork being
in demand in England and elsewhere.
Tommy Burns, Noted Jockey.
TOMMY BURNS, the clashing Western
rider, will be here shortly, to fulfill
his engagement with the firm of
Burns & YVaterhoose, with whom he
signed at a large salary. Tommy is an
other Berry Wall in dress and a demon
finisher in the saddle. He easily over
shadows all the Western lightweights and
Will undoubtedly become a prime favorite.
CYCLERS WILL
RACE FOR A
SILVER TROPHY
Exciting Contest Expected in the
Annual Twenty-Mile Race of
Associated Cubs.
The annual 20-mile road rac^ of the Cal
ifornia Associated Cycling Clubs for the
Baker & Hamilton trophy will be
to-morrow morning over the San Leandro
triangular courso, starting at 10:4" o'clock.
Three clubs have entered teama for this
event— the Ray City, Garden City and
Olympic Wheelmen. The couriers, named
in th-? order in which they will ride, are
as follows:
Bay City— l. R. Lind, W. J. Davidson,
E. A. Rusac, R. J. Black. E. Warren.
Garden ( Ity— l* Smith. E. P. Barnes, E.
B. Wastie, M. G. Francis, Julius Smith.
Olympic— E. O. Kragness. E. F. Russ.
George P. Fuller, T. H. White, E. A.
Bozio.
This race is one of the sensational con
testa of the year and is for the most val
uable troohy offered by the association.
d won successively by the
Acmes. Bay Citys and Olympics. "1..c
Acmes did not enter a team this year
while this is the first time the Gai
Citys have been represented. Thp trophy
must be won three times to become the
any club.
Entry blanks are out for the associa
ti<«rrs annual 10-mile handicap
Frintvale to Hay wards on October 15
Entri. s i lost with Chairman W. 1.. Loo«
Of the -acing board next Monday Th»
usual valuable prize list will bo provided'
Last year this race had in entrants
The Olympic Wheelmen will have their
hands full for the r.L-xt few weeks keep
ing their engagements. On the 15th they
will send a team of ten men to Sacramen
to to compete in a 50-mile relay race with
the Capital City Wheelmen. ' The w-ek
following the- same team will go to Reno
N-v., to contest with the Reno Wheel
men, who have proved invincible thus far
this year having beat-n the ('arsons and
Acmes. The fact that the Olvmplcs go
to Sacramento Sunday wrek will keep a
large number of their riders out of the
association's annual 10-mile event on that
The Academic Athletic League has a
mile relay around the San Lc-andro tri
i for next Saturday, the
14th.
Th.-- regular monthly meeting o. the del
s to the Associated Clubs will b«
bunding 3 eventa * at room 55r ' Parrott
• ♦ .
CUP WILL BE TURNED
OVER TO THE WINNER
The San Francisco perpetual challenge
cup will be turned over this evening by
the Corinthians, who have held it since
Vm, to tho San Francisco Yacht Club at
the quarters of the latter in Sausalito
Commodore Carl Westerfeld has issued a
notice to the Corinthians requesting the
yacht owners to sail over from Tiburon
in force and offer hearty congratulations
to the winners. Commodore T. L. Hi!! has
issued a card to the members of his club
announcing that supper will be served in
the clubhouse at 7:30 this evening, J. R.
Savory, R. S. Bridgeman and H. Don act-
Ing: as caterers and cooks. The supper
will be followed by an entertainment and
Jink?. Invitations have been sent to the
rnia, Er.oinal and South Bay Yacht
Clubs to cruise to Sausalito and share in
the pleasures of the evening. The enter
tainment will be. as all entertainments at
a yacht club should be, for yachtsmen
The Californias have a cruise to Paradise
.->n their programme for to-day but
all the other clubs have open dates."
La.-t Saturday several Corinthian yacht«
left their moorings at Tiburon. intending
to sail up to McNears Landing and drop
anchor there. But the wind dying out ajid
the tide beginning to ebb, all except the
Arcturus let go their anchors in Paradise
Cove. The flagship Aeolus was accompa
nied by the sloops Truant. Pride. Mignon
Halcyon. Freda and Mischief and th»
yawl Nereid. The Arcturos was the only
yacht to reach McNears. About noon oh
Sunday the yachts weighed anchor and
sailed down through Raccoon Strait'
where they were joined by several others
from Tiburon. The fleet cruised over to
Sausalito. where some of the San Fran
cisco yachts joined it. All together they
stood over to Fort Winfield Scott but a
long ground swell made sailing somewhat
uncomfortable there. The cup winner
the sloop Gadder, and Andrew Swar.sons
Villain, which are boats of a similar type
tried rate of sailing with each other "but
neither displayed any decided superiority
K. F. Ames has triven up sailing for this
season and has taken the equipment out
of the sloop Ella. M. E. Gorters Sans
Souci is nn the beach at Tiburon. where
she is getting a general overhauling.
The light winds now prevalent indicate
that the end of the yachting season is at
hand. The closing day of the Corinthians
San Francfpcos and Encinals is the Oat
inst. All three clubs have a final cruise
OARSMEN WILL
STRUGGLE FOR
CHAMPIONSHIPS
The Majority of the Row ng Clubs
Will Enter Barge Crews and
Sellers.
The regatta committee of thp Pacific
a of thr- Amateur Athletic Un
r the coming year ■ I .). 11.
Bockman of the An>l Rowing '"'.ui'. presi
dent; \V. I!. Hinchman of the Alameda
Boating Club, - I irer; M. .T.
■ n of the Pioneer Rowing Clv
P. Rothkopf of the Dolphin Swin.
and i ■ - ■ üb, C. C
. End Rowing Club. George Jam°s
of th< . and J. H. Han-
Triton Swimming and Bi
Club. The well-known names of W. C.
and S. J. Pembroke are ml
from the list -'■ el g of the commit
tee was held las rht to make arrange
ments for the coming championship re
.
The pn - successful regal
on the 15th Inst. are promising. B<
tin barg< . outri - and sh< 11
■
■ ilion in c
a:;d a relay swimming 1 • w--.-n
teams of the Olympic and thi Lurline
ciubs. There will be entries in th»- row
ing races from ail the clubs except the
ympic and I'm- ■ ■ Cali
fornia. The Ar;-!s say that th(
rews In th^- senior. Intermediate and
junior barge races. In th< I
skiff events and in the shell r
also expected the Stockton Athletic As
■ • •■■ : Some
scullers. '. -enior
and junior barge crews. C. 1,. Ochs will
pull in the shell, lieorpe Collopy in the
senior skiff and F. Orr in the junior skiff.
The only entries fmm the Dolphi:.
will be Alex W. Pape and George Baker
in the senior outrlkged skiff race, and
I >r. F. R. Axton in the junior skiff event.
W. O. Pati h says that he win
til the championship regatta of
when he ■will pull in the shell race.
ads it hard to keep up both regular
work and systematic training for a
■ race.
The South Ends now have their new
racing barge and find her even faster than
they had expected. They are confident
of winning both the senior and the junior
barge races. The new handball court will
be opened to-morrow and some matches
will take place between experts. The se
nior and junior barge crews will have a
trial of speed. The junior barge crew has
been practicing regularly and is strong
and in good condition.
The Alameda senior barge crew, with
E. B. Hadcock in the plat-' of Atweil
Webb, is in good trim and feels sure of
retaining the championship. As the club
has no fast skiffs, it is probable that F.
W. Avers will not pull in the senior skiff
race, but Edwin T. Thorning will enter
the junior event. The Alameda junior
barge crew is made up thus: George
Lewis bow; B. Guild. No. 2; D. Green
leaf, No. 3. and E. M. Hunter, stroke.
As Dr. B. I. Wheeler, the new president
of the University of California, seems to
appreciate the value ot rowing as an ath
letic exercise, it may reasonably be hoped
that he will encourage the sport among
the undergraduates, and that representa
tives of the university may in future be
seen at all open competitions on the bay.
Nothing would do so much to excite gen
eral public interest in rowing contests as
the establishment of a race between th*>
universities of California and Stanford"
It would lead to the best and most in
teresting form of rowing— in eight-oared
boats— and would attract the attention of
a social class which has heretofore al
most entirely disregarded the sport.
HOMING PIGEONS RECORD
In a record fly last Sunday under the
auspices of the California Homing Pigeon
Club birds from the l"ft of William Har J
tery made a new coast record for yount, j
birds. The record had been held by John
Filmer's great bird Hobson, made in a i
flight from Red Bluff. The new record is i
from Redding, twenty miles beyond. Mr. I
Hartery's bird, registered AISB, was re
leased at 7:25 a. m.. and arrived at its '
owner's loft at 12:53:43. The airline dis- j
tance has not been calculated, hence the !
speed per minute is not known at prese-nt. j
The performance of the winner is pro- i
nounced the best ever shown on this coast
for a long distance.
A. Benjamin's bird. "W754, arrived at
12:54, only fifteen seconds later than the
time the winner was registered.. H. Van !
Cortebeek's birds -were not reported.
The second race of the Southern series
will be flown from Tres Pinos to-morrow.
The same birds will compete that were en- I
tered in the race from San Jose two we^ks
since. On that occasion John Filmer's i
bird finished first.
on the next day. The California. close on
the 2Sth. and take the last cruise in squad
ron of IS9S on the following: Sunday. The
South Bay yachts will be the last to fold
their white wings and seek winter quar
ters. Some of the southern yachtsmen
are planning to take their families and
friends for a rambling- cruise to Vallejo,
Benicia. and up the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers. October 15 is "commo
dore's day." October 29 is "ladies' day"
and the closing clambake of the seasonis
set for November 12. Most of the yachts
will then go out of commission, but a few
will cruise occasionally during the win
ter. The life-saving boat purchased from
the transport Sherman by the Coykendail
brothers la thirty feet loner and has a
beam of nine feet. She Is being rigged as
a yawl at Alviso and will be towed down
the channel by the gasoline launch A an.)
C. The South Bays expect several new
members, who will build or buy yachts.
The two "no races" between the Colum
bia and the Shamrock have been entirely
inconclusive as to the real merits of the
yachts, but the Shamrock has shown that
she is faster in light airs than even her
friends believed her to be. That she was
better handled than the Columbia on
Tuesday seems generally admitted. In a
hard blow her somewhat heavier build,
greater displacement and stability should
tell decidedly in her favor. In Thursday's
trial she was said to point higher than
the Columbia. She will probably be stif
fer in heavy weather than the Columbia,
and her greater sail area should drive her
through the water at high speed. Fife
seems to have cleverly designed a boat
which, while bigger In almost every de
tail than her antagonist, with longer
spars, greater beam, more canvas and fif
teen tons greater displacement, yet re
ceives time allowance from her-
STANFORD AND
OLYMPICS ON
THE GRIDIRON
Opening of the Winter Series of Foot
ball Games in This
Crip
The initial gridiron contest of the sea
son played last Saturday between Cali
fornia and the Olympics on the Berkeley
. -.v:;s a prelude to \: ■ which
will begin t >-day. Stanford will line up
for the first time ag.i übmen on
■ w football grounds at Sixteenth and
■
This time the Olympics say thpy will
md it" form counts for anythii ~g
the clubmen should v.-in out. The team
will be opposed to the Olympics th.a
.. untrained as a team and
is in the pr development. Physi
cally the Stanford eleven will be In much
Ution than the Olympics, as tha
y< men are following out all train
ing rules prescribed. The club athletes
are slowly rounding into shape, but their
work la light and they still lark the actual
practice which comes from game strug-
gles.
California did not disappoint its adher
ents last Saturday. The men played to
gether, showing the effects of last season's
training. What was lacking was the dash
and daring that characterized California's
play during the last few weeks of the sea
son of .ISsSs. The blue and gold is in the
best shape, of all, but Coach Cochran
claims this will prove detrimental to a
corresponding progress in the team's play.
He says that the earn is by no mean 3
formed, picked or chosen, and the men
v/ho are playing in it may and will be dis
placed if they do not continue to improve
and surpass the men on the second eleven,
in effective football work.
Chamberlin and Cochran met last Sat
urday for the first time in two years.
Chamberlin was a spectator of the foot
ball game as Cochran's guest. In talking
over the prospects of the season both
were non-committal in every particular
except one— the paucity of good material
on which to work. Neither coach has any
new material which is strikingly good. At
both universities the men who are trying
for positions on the teams are more or
less light In weight and unlearned in the
game. There is a plentiful supply of anx
ious, willing workers, but they are not
the kind whose physiques draw the ad
miration of the coaches.
The Olympics have been taught their
first lesson and it Is but the same version
of the ancient football stor.t— matter
what the personnel at the team may be, it
must have team action and the men must
be. in good physical condition. The college
athletes had played for a week against
an opposing force and had become accus
tomed to the active work of a contest
With all their superabundance of weight
and advantage of experience the heavy
powerful men on the Olympic team could
do but little against their lighter and
younger opponents. It is almost impossi
ble for the Olympic Club to enlist enough
men in its service to secure regular prac
tice games.
The club team will line up to-day with a
change in the personnel. "Pete" Smith's
injury has put him out of the gam- for
the year, and Bandy will occupy the cen
tral position on the line, while Hobbs will
play left guard, "Gene" Sheehy received
an injury while at practice on Monday
evening, and it is likely he will not be seen
with the clubmen this afternoon his place
being filled by Monroe. Gaylord who
played end last week, has retired from the
game this year, and Crum has not been
playing this week. Thterkauf will return
to his old place at end, and the reliable
the oldest Roman of them all, Feltori
Taylor, will be sten as fullback.
Stanford will play many men, giving
all the likely candidates a chance at the
game. As the Palo Alto team was in an
unsettled state at the beginning of the
season the process of selection and classi
fying is still going on. Chamberlin has
won the support of the college and every
body, player or student, is working with" a
will.
California's coach. Garrett Cochran
will be assisted next week by "King" Kel
ly, whose arrival was scheduled ye<:te*-
day. The rumor is that Kelly will be
coach in chief of the blue and gold next
year, and that is the chief reason of the
engagement for this season.
A sub-league among the preparatory
pchools has been formed. The schools reD
resented are Hoitt's. Menlo Park ~ Palo
Alto High School. Manzanita Hall at Palo
Alto, San Jose State Normal Belmont
and St. Matthew's. The following sched
ule of game? has been arranged:
Saturday. October 14— Hoitfs vs. Manzan
Hal!, at Hoitfs School: Pan Joj e ltat» v£^
vs. Palo Alto High, at Palo Alto; B^lmont «
St. Matthew-s. at one of the two schools to £
agreed upon. October 21— Winner of Hoitt-M»n
zanita earn* vs. the winner of the State N -.-."
ma!-!'. Alto High game. October 2S-Wlnn£
in the last-name.! game vs. the winner of' thi
I>lmr.nt-St. Matthew's jrame, for th« cham
pionshin. " t -'°-"
STANFORD MEN IMPROVE.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. B.—
Although Coach Cl.amberlin is still en
gaged in his "slf.lr-" process, the past
week has shown rapid improvement in all
points of the game. Every play is char
acterized by a snap and a fierceness that
will mean much when" the men line un
against the- Olympics Saturday Team
work has not been in evidence sb'far 7 h
gains in practice being due more to indi
vidual dash than to following an in°e«?er
ence. Ever:/ practice goes to show Thar
Stanford will have a better l;n» thTn was
at first anticipated. At center Havden
is putting up a strong game, nd is wen
supported by \\ rig'ey and Treager Bent
ley and Farts at the tackle position* arl
heavier and fiercer than th- men ■££
played the corresponding position* last
year. Beckiey. McFadden, Leavitt knrt
Rice on the ends are all exberienVid J?I
quick on their feet but rather l?S? Be'
hind the line two positions are still in
doubt. Murphy will be seen •at «™ o M
position of quarter, while Garth pLui^
will play left half. For fullback th
are only freshmen, but among the 4 Ira
several men who will do credit •-, ,1* ™
sition. Campbell. Roberts Jordan inU
Wilots are all likely men for the no«itf °n
Wllots is a new man fronT Sar" t "
Obl*po with an enviable record as a ifna
bucker. As this is lust what the univer
sity lacks It is probable that he wHl \ hi
the lucky candidate, as he has the we cht
and experience. For right half several
old men are trying, notably FriseHeTnd
Hough of last year's freshman team an s
Bidweil, a sub on the university 1 ? fw^
years. These will be hard pressed l^2
some of the more promising frffS y
such^as Allan. P. rfrSS^InSSS?^
be^te^
al\owe^o^^ r f^«r^3
mage. Chamberlin cla ms -hat ff crim "
win afraid with he oivmpicl hf £m
not be afraid of losing any of the l^r
wmmmNEWS OF THE SPORTING WORLD.
LAVIGNE IS
KNOCKED OUT
BY McFADDEN
Very Sensational Fight With
Heavy Hitting and Much
Gameness Disp.ayed.
• : Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. o— George McFad
den of tlii.s city knocked out George tKid)
htweight champion of the
.. in the nineteenth round before the
:.• w Broadway Athletic Club to-night.
met at 133 piMinds and put up a
c Itlonai as it was
■ hard hitting and clover rin^
king of the Kid's
menal, and
. i of the bout he had the
.w boxer verj r.av and sore. At the
waa the favorite, but
ddi* of 100 to 80
were tr< d on McFadden.
was well battered, and several
dized what
to him. McFadden left the
rt . lly without a mark. M^Ka.id.-n
Lt the start stop] g La
i rus 3. Toward the c
■ Lggered th> Kid with
:i the head and In thi
- ive. gi • ting in on the
wind ai . liter's
es in a way i| ia : .-. -.it..rs
: • .- sixth Lavigni
s ma . st his
tin Kld came out slower 1 U ami
. cd. M Faddei •- ice on
.
sh i him to ■■
■ eighth the Kid i in, but
- . ■ : ■•
McFadden's, «vl >n the
In. In the
ninth Mai jht on the
■ sh and
ed the X:
ling Ineffectually and
£>-t ling but In the
eleventh. llnch. In which.
* ' ■
the pit of the stom
■ if the thlr
was almost
He s i viciously, but Mac got
■•• exchanges. In the
the Kid down and
: with a right a mo
- • k heavy punish
th and was evidently
I i ith men were a bit
th, wuh Ma.' forcing
mi \\ ent down from a
it got up instantly an>l
■ head. Toward
■ • h Lavigne fell
with hands. He
onds, only to go to h's
::i a righ uppercut as the bell
and he went to his corner groggy.
M
vi h;m reeling wit*-.
m the hea
to the
c si Is He
th similar
• the limit to c>:
up, but It • iiit that he waa
■
m a final Mow. The
i- " ip, and thi
- ■ I them. 1 A nailed
the ear, and
Cid then n ■ nine
I La
in, this time from a clinch
Mi : up at once, hut La
ggered
■ aftpr him.
McF jht to th.
ft to the chin. La
vigni ■ n again, but trot up within
■
■. and
. • Is time sent him down
• und - minutes and 3
3.
he principal event Jimmy Hay
• ': !". ldi< I 'aly of
ion ■ • welve-roun I
w te man was pretty thor
■ hough w inderfully game.
TOM WILKES BEATEN.
The 2:17 Pace at Lexington Results
in a Surprise.
LEXINGTON, Oct. 6.— The crowd tell
off some from that of yesterday, but it
was still large. The October wind had a
biting touch which made overcoats neces
sary. Tho track was in fine condition. The
paeinff Futurity, which should have been
the- feature of the day, was a farce. Glory
broke repeatedly in both heats and so
badly in the last that Lucie May dis
tanced her.
The 2:17 pace was a big- surprise. Tom
AVilkes sold for 25 to 13 in the first heat
and 25 to 10 in the second. He won both
with apparent ease. For the third Wilkes
sold fur vi and the field for 10, but the
favwriu- iirnke at the head of the stretch
and finished second. Carmelito won in
handy fashion from Billy George. Car
melito wan made favorite then. Belling for
s<\ and the field for 2.">. She took the next
two heals with little trouble.
It took seven heats to decide the 2:21
trot. A schedule of betting by heats
shows how bettors tried to hedge. Male
C was the original favorite and after win
ning one heat she sold f,, r 50, field S. She
rou ld not keep her feet and was practi
cally left at the post after the starter
had warned her driver r* p^atedly She
-w.is distanced; Earlim S winning the .sec
ond heat. When she took the neat her
price went to h>) and the field sold for 50
In the next heat the betting was the
same. After the fifth heat Baron Belt
Fold for 25. the field 15. Finally, fo the
last heat. Karlfm S was again the favor
ite, the field befnp 15. Malzour was best
and won the last heat handily.
The free-for-all pace for to-morrow was
declared off. only Search] . remainine
in. S. H. Bronson of New Haven. <"o-;n
offered to match his horse. Searchlight'
against any pacer on the track for;s2soo
to JSOOO. He also offered to race with any
three pacers for 52500 a side, each racing
with Searchlight a single heat. Results:
2:17 class, pacing purse $100>'>— Oarmrlito won
third, fourth ami fifth heats. Time, 2:Hv t , 2:13 !
2:154. Torn Wllkes won flr«t and serr. n .1 heats
anrl was second. Time, 2:11%,, 2:13. Billy
r.e<-rge third. Vesper, ''ri-r be !. Ella Brooks"
Tr-ul, Plumllne and Prince Hush also started'
2:21 class, trotting. p"r-=f j:o>:») — Malzour w-.ii
third, fourth and seventh heats. Time. 2:i?i^,
IS I*,1 *, 2:211*. Earlim S won second and sixth
hems and was ser.md. Time. 2:164, 2:204
Xtaron Bolt won fifth heat In 2:20' 2 and was
third. Male C distanced In second heat and
won first heat li 2:15. Baby R. Pampllco Chief,
f^'idurfee and -■■:•• May also started.
Pacing. Futurity, for two-year-olds, purse
? Proven Oil Lands?
In Contra Costa, Merced, Santa
Clara, San Mateo and Colusa.
More work done now than any
- ompany in the State whose
-■ offered for sale. We
are not one of those who are
"Just Going to Begin,"
Our expert claims that we will
strike oil In 300 feet further drilling
on our Contra Costa property.
Stock now at IS until the next meet-
• ur Board of Directors. Re-
■ we sell on a guarantee.
Write for particulars and an "Illus-
trated l'n sp< ctus."
Offices In nearly all counties.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
BOOMS 322-3C3 PAKROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ...460 TENTH ST.
11000— Lucie May won first and second heats.
Time. 2:21%, 2:22%. Glory also sailed.
DETROIT, Oct. But one favorite j
won at Windsor to-day. Track fast. Re- |
fults: .
Selling, six furlongs— Manzanllla won, EUse
Barns second. Bell Punch third. Time. 1:15%.
Five and a half furlongs— Weideman won,
Brooch second, Hendricks third. Time, 1:OSH-
One and a sixteenth Compensation
won. Galathee second. Red Pirate third. Time.
IMBU
Belling, five and a half furlongs— Sister Alice
won. Coriails second, Wilfrid Laurier third.
Time, 1:08.
Selling, one mile— Rotterdam won. Traveler
second. Prosper.) third. Time, 1:42%.
CHICAGO. Oct. 6.— The sensation of the
day's racing at Hawthorne was the vic
tory of Uncas in the second race with the
consequent overthrow of Montgomery,
the favorite, and Tom Kingsley, the
heavily played Becond choice. Weather
clear; track fast. Results: ,
Five furlongs— Vanhoorbek won. Fair Test
second. Iri;-!i Jewel third. Time. 1:01 V
Six furlongs, selling— Uncos won. Digge see
cnd, Montgomery third. Tim*. 1:14%.
One mile — Streamer won. iv.l Tlpton second,
Honey Boy third. Time. 1:41.
Five furlongs— Haeeril.m won. Avenstoke sec
ond. Lady Curzon third. Time, 1:07.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Tappan won.
Periwig second, Oooseliver in!rd. Time. 1:53%.
One mile and seventy yards Salvable won,
Penneviile second, Great Bend third. Time,
1:4414.
Sloan Gets a Fall.
LONDON. Oct. 6. - Tod Sican. the
jockey, had a fall at Temple ton Park to
day. He was mounting B. Koet's Lath
eron Wheel In the paddock, preparatory
to going to the post for the race for the
lUchmotid plate, when the horse reared,
throwing Sloan and rolling over him.
Sloan was carried to the weighing-room,
where it was ascertained that his Injuries
. painful were not eeriouß.
American jockeys rode three horses to
victory at Kempton Park to-day. L.
K<Mff had the mount on Fousen which
won the race for the Feather Plate; Vio
lence, ridden by Sloan, was second, a*
was also his mount for the Imperial Plato
on Democrat J. H. Martin rode St. La
and Tarollnta. which won the October
Plat- Middlesex Plate, respect
ively. Sloan's mishap prevented him from
riding Wheel for the Richmond l'Uue.
McCOY-CHOYNSKI FIGHT.
Californian Is Outpointed by the
Eastern Boxer.
CHICAGO. Oct. b.— Kid McCoy and Jo«
Choynski fought six rounds before the
Fort Dearborn Athletic Club to-night.
Both men had agreed to a draw In case
they were on their feet at the end of the
sixth round and that was the decision, as
both wire not only on their feet but com*
tively fresh. McCoy, however, clear
iy outpointed the California*] and scored
the only knockdown of the fight, putting
Joe to the boards with a left hook to
mouth in the third round. The Kid
made a careful fight »if it. He took no
chances whatever, consenting himselt a»
a rule with jabbing ChoynskJ with his
left. He used his right but seldom, but
it generally counted hard when he did pui
it in operation. Choynski scored many
times, bringing thp blood from McCoy's
nose in the rust round and once or twice
McCoj considerably with his
right. Many of his blows, however, fell
short.
In the preliminary Billy Kauffman ot
St I.' vis and Jack Robinson of Chicago
I'.iught a six-round draw. Lew Mnnsfielrt
hicago knocked out Jack Palvey of
Chicago in the first round and Jack Hud
son put Jim wuinn away In four rounds.
OPPOSED TO A SPECIALTY SHOW
The Pacific Coast special committee of
the American Kennel Club held a meeting
on Monday last at I ntal Hotel,
John E. co llu. •• : ■ ling. In addition
• Henry H. Carlton and J. P. Norman, the
i secretary, "were present. The meeting was
! called partly for the consideration of the
Ll of William X. McCarthy I'mm a
I decision of the San Francisco Kennel Club
I bench sh"\\ committee. -Mr. Mct'arthy
was preaei meeting by special In
vitation. His original protest was reject
. - v.- committee for want
•■f jurisdiction, inasmuch as the judges'
-Nil w:ts flnaJ on points ■ ■!" merit.
Mr. Mcl arthy, in appealing the
■■' the American Kennel t'iub, al
:• ged that he had been Informed that R.
M. Dodge, the handler of Sam's Bow, had
remi ved the latter from his bench and
exercised him surreptitiously during
hours when the bench show' rules ex
pressly forba - • ■g, and that
without such breach I rules, accord-
Ing to the judges' own alleged admission,
- Bow would not have shown to tuch
advantage as to win ; • - This
being a new point, the Pacific (."oast Bpe
: ■ ■ ■ di cided that the protest
Bhould be remanded to the San Francisco
Kei nel t'lub with directions to investigate
the :. lon.
The scale of points of winners' classes
ted at :hi quarterly ;:.• ••■ -
ing of the American Kennel Club are as
follows, based on actual number of dogs
entered: Shows with 1250 dogs or over,
Bye points: 750 dogs and under 1250, four
point.- .-- and under 750, three
points; 250 d.^Ks and under 500, two points;
under 250 dogs, on.- point. For the Pacific
or over, Hve points; 2.V)
dogs and und< r 400, three points; under 2.V)
■ >ne point. Specialty clubs holding
shows confined to their own breed, four
points. Specialty clubs not so confined
will be rated as regular shows. Ten
points confer the title of champion.
Dogs having one win to their credit
prior to December 31, 1899, will attain
their championship with two more wins
in any winners' class: doga with two wins
to their credit prior to December 31, IV':\
:..••-.! to score but one more win in any
winners' das- to become a champion of
record. Owners of champions may have
th'- latter registi red as such on applica
• the American !<<■:. nH Club, and
will thereby become entitled to the cham
pionship medal.
The convention of specialty dubs was
n Monday, the only club not repre
sented being th>' Pacific Mastiff Club, on«
of whose delegates, J. P. Norman, is sec
retary of the American KennH Club's spe
cial committee, whi< h met the sam^ even-
Ing. W. H. LUck. the other delegate, was
also prevented from attending. The dis
n was an animated one. but the
project for holding a joint specialty show
ibsolutely defeated, mainly through
:. itlon of th*- Bull Terrier Club,
me of th-- nut'tinc was a reso
ppeal to the Pan Francisco
Kennel Club to hold the annual bench
a month earlier in the spring,
it is probable that the latter club will
invite the specialty clubs to Join in the
g . •■, • of the bench show and to
each appoint deputies on the bench show
committee.
Will Play Handball on Sunday.
entries at Phil Ryan's handball
court, Howard street, for next Sun
;■<• announced by Professor John
n. Among the most notable events
daj will be a single-handed game.
between J. White and J. Collins, the two
coming players. Both are clever exponents
11, using right and left alike. A
great gam< Is expected, three gamea out
of five to c nstitute the finish. Following
1 !' i" v M h between four mem
bers of the Montana Regiment, Company
K. Lieutenant Miles Kelley and J. F. Fitz
patrtck vh. J. FlUpatrlck and A. O'Malley.
As tii'S.- players are above the average
a good pam<' la looked for.
The other entries an •: T. T^ach and A.
McVlcker vs. j. Condon and (;. Smith;
D. I. ' ■ ■ . ; Kirby vs. E. Harry and
T. Foley; W. Fisher and R. Housman vs.
?i 1 U a x- i n UI M - 1; — ;i '- G. Mi Donald and
M. McNeil vs. D. Rodgen and I. Car
raine; w. li. s [ rj ,j Sheehan
vs. E. McDonounh and K. Lynch; J Rior
don and K. Maloney vs. .1. Harlow and
E. Foy; A. Hampton and P. Donnelly vs
M. J. Kilgallon and H. Llnehan
Free Baptist Association.
The pemi-annual meeting .if the State
Free Baptist Association will he held
to-day at the Bush-streel Free Haptist
Church, near Larkin street The pro
gramme Is as follows: Prayer meetlrur
10:46 a. m. : business meeting, Il:3n a m '
lunch in vestry for delegates, 12:16; meet
ing of Facille Coast Free Baptist Vnlon
1:30 p. m.: preaching service, 2 p. m; cove
nant meeting, 3 p. m. ; adjournment 4
p. m.
Improvement Club Meetine
The Fairmount and Glen Park Improve
ment Club held its regular weekly meet
ing last night and elected the following
officers to serve for the next year: Thom
as Crouch, president: K. Gamier, vice
president; Chris Stader, recording secre
tary; Mrs. F. Twohey, financial secretary;
Joseph Heok, treasurer; P. Hartmaii,
eergeant-at-araa*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATCIiDAT, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
GRADY HAD A
RELAPSE AND
WON A RACE
Fifteen to One in the Ring.
Three Choices First at
Oakland.
Friday never was noted for being a
drawing card, and yesterday was no ex*
ceptio:. at Oakland track. The fields were
not ragged, nor were they high class, but
still they furnished some very fair sport.
The first choices continued to hold their
own by capturing three of the five events
decided, and there was no complaint over
"reversals."
To sulking Grady belongs the honor ot
being the star coin gatherer. The bay
horse was almost entirely overlooked in
the betting on the mile selling run. and
galloped tn. with T. Walsh up, at odds of
15 to 1. Jerid was the market favorite,
and starttd out at a terrific clip. Little
Ryan tried to place him on the back-
Ptretch. but broke it up badly, setting
hopelessly pocketed. P. A. Flnnegan then
tuok up the running, leading to within a
sixteenth from the home plate. Grady
there passed him, winning with ease in
1:42, Donator made a miserable showing.
After a "lay off" of several days Eddie
Jones arrived in town and had his friends
down on The Buffoon to win the opening
two-year-old sprint. The Buffoon was
played from 8 to 34, and Eddie tried hard
to play cushion caroms with the favorite,
My Gypsy, but was beaten out. His little
bJt of pleasantry caused him to be fined
$25 by the stand. Summer ran third.
The mile and a furlong run, decided un
der selling conditions, fell to Opponent,
the post favorite, with Devin up. Mamie
<; at lirst commanded first call in the
ring, but her price receded. Opponent was
best at the close, catching Kapido and
beating him out nearly a length, with
something to spare. Mamie G, under
v>..-;ik riding, ran third.
Pat Morrissey stepped "to taw" without
the asking in the fourth recital, over
seven furlongs. A 1 to 5 chance, he won
in romping fashion from Socialist. Feb
ruary wa* a tired third.
The last race of the day resulted in a
big upset. Novia carried the big money
bet at odds of 3 to 5 and was headed fmrn
tho start by Negligence, a 6 to 1 shot.
Kellas, who rode the winner, left the
maiden jockey class on this occasion.
Campus, a SO to 1 shot, took the show.
To-Day's Entries.
Among the starters to-day is Southern
Girl, the fast filly purchased by Burns &
Waterhouse at St. Louis. Loving »'up,
another Eastern performer, also makes
her debut in the handicap. The fields
have a very evenly matched look, and
some splendid sport should result. The
entries are as follows:
First race — One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward: selling.
023) Monrovia 1091 m Wilmeter 107
IIS Mead owl ark 104: 117 Yaruba 95
124 Snips 109]
Second race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
PUTFP.
i:.-< R.-.RUS Bill ill: 6S Lnyta W
126 Summer 103 ...Southern Q1r1...108
i. ■'■ I'idalia 100 123 El Arte 100
107 The Scot 1W 107 Druldess 103
Third race — Seven furlongs; selling:; three
year-olds.
123 Anchored 117! (Sl)Munsey 101
U2liFaverFham 104; (llDHumidity 110
118 Watosea 98 1
Fourth — One mile; purse; three^'ear-olds
and upward.
... May W 104! (65)Reolia 104
r93)Roslnante 100 i 124 Oralbee 95
124 Morinel 89
Fifth race— Plx furlongs; all ages; handicap. '
.. Loving Cup 117 ... Horton 106 >
... Olinthuß 106 (96)Mldlty S8 !
123 February 105 125 Bamboulla S3'
Sixth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
110 i Don't Know.. (l22) Alaria 104
115 Sorrow 10J 115 Marplot 112
... Magdalenas 101; 102 Chihuahua 100
58 OJal 104 106 Spry Lark 100
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Meadowlark. Snips, Monrovia.
Second race Southern Girl, The Scot, Bogus
Bill.
Third race— Humidity. . Faversham, Anchored.
Fourth race — Rosinante, May W, Morlnel.
Fifth race — Horton, Loving Cup, Ollnthus.
Sixth race— Alaria. Scrrow, Chihuahua.
■ ♦ ■
To Prohibit Prizefights.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 6.— The City
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday, October 6, 1899.— Twelfth day of
the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine. Track
fast.
Trustees last evening amended the ordi
nance governing the licensing of sparring
exhibitions in the city limits by raising
the amount from $50 to $1500. This action
was prompted Dy the fatal Hosken-Pen
dergast contest last week, in which Hoe
ken lost his life.
CINCINNATI DEFEATS
LOUISVILLE BADLY
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...96 45 .6Sl|Plttsburg ...74 72 .507
Boston 92 63 Chicago 73 72 .503
Philadelphia 91 55 .G23 Louisville ...73 74 .497
Baltimore ...S3 5S New Y0rk. ..56 So .397
Bt. Louie S2 66 . .554 Washington 51 95 .350
Cincinnati ...7S 65 .54.", Cleveland ...20 127 .136
CINCINNATI, Oct. 6.— Hahn struck out nine
of the Colonels to-day, did not give a base
on balls and allowed but one hit. Phllippi
was easy for the Reds. Attendance, 250. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 12 2
Louisville 112
Batteries— Hahn and Wood; Phllippi and Lat
tlnier. Umpires — O'Day and McDonald.
WASHINGTON, Oct. To-day's Washing
ton-Baltimpre game was postponed. on account
of. wet grounds.
THE GHEES ARE FEEDING
THEIR NEEDY RELATIVES
ANNUAL FESTIVAL OF A POW
ERFUL CHINESE FAMILY.
For Four Days They Will Pray and
Play and Eat and Burn Punk
and Sandal Wood.
Spofford alley is a blaze of light and
color; a shuffling, shifting mass of Chi
nese humanity; a turmoil of iiddle and
horn and gong and cymbal; a haze of in
cense and heavy with the perfume of san
dal wood. The Ghee Kung long is giv
ing its annual feast, and the success of
I such affairs is proportionate to the din of
| the bands, the gorgeousness an-.l profusion
| of the color and the pungency of the san
j dal wood. This year it seems to be tx-
j ceeding Us lurmer efforts.
I The feast is given lor all the poor mem-
I hers of the family of Ghee, one of the
I largest and most powerful in China and
! among her emigrants. Twice a day fur
' four days the needy Ghees will be cailed
jin and their baskets and buckets lllied
I with the best of the season from a Chi
nese standpoint. But the hungry Ghees
j are not the only guests to the feast. There
are seveial bewhiskered old gods, good
and bad, sort of pensioners of the family,
who are also bidden to the festal board.
They are brought rigged in full regalia
and hideous as Chinese art can make
them. Most of them linger around in
back rooms for the four days of the cele
bration, and then the whole family of
them is tak^n out and burned with great
rejoicing. The bad ones are burned bt
cause it is good for them; the good ones
because it will do them no harm, and be
sides is the most picturesque way of get
tiny rid of them, and the whole term of
excitement ends in a blaze, some smoke
and a rile of ashes.
The celebration commenced last evening
at 7 o'clock. It took a string of red robed
and ancient priests, with me accompani
ment of several Chinese bands, to start it,
but by midnight it was going in good
shape, and most of the air in the alley
I had given plate to the fumes from the
1 incense pots. Two gods, particularly large
and particularly ugly, were placed out in
the alley under the canopy tnat had been
erected;" half a dozen more spare ones
were placed In under a flight of stairs,
handy In case of necessity, and a few
more with no immediate duties to attend
to were scattered through rooms of the
adjoining houses, for the theater of ac
i tlon takes up not only the alley itself but
' all the houses the Ghees can afford to
rent for the occasion.
The hangings and canopies are really t
gorgeous and the Ghees take pride in the j
fact that they have been sent out from
China for this special occasion. There are
also a number of groups of wax rigures
representing scenes from great Chinese
plays, and there are any number of Josh ;
men. Theso old priests pray as long as i
they can, and then while they rest the j
bands have a chance, which they improve j
with vigor and vociferation.
The needy relatives will be fed in the
mornings and at 4 o'clock in the after
noons. They will not be asked for cre
dentials, so it is safe to say the number '
of Ghees will increase materially until the |
next few days have passed. On Monday
night it will end. and after 12 o'clock the
whole company of gods will have to come
out into the firelight and be burned. Then
the family duty to the poor relatives is
off until next fall.
I STUDIES OF l
* • *
I SIXTEEN
* ♦
i FAMOUS
* *
i AMERICAN
*. *
* _ IL _Jt 4
I STATESMEN I
* ♦
I will be presented by THE CALL'S HOME STUDY I
£ CIRCLE, beginning Friday, October 20th, and con- <J
]| tinuing every Friday thereafter throughout October, %
* November, December and January. Here is the list: f
4+ a
Samuel Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson,
•^ " The man of the town meeting." " The sage of Monticello." " The best hated and best loved £L.
4* Patrick Henry James Madison, American.-- %.
-% The eloquent champion of liberty. " The father of the Constitution." John C. CalflOilfi,
-& i^u« d ,111. Alexander Hamilton, ™ c most eminent advocate of
T John Kandolph, Theablest of American statesmen. state sovereignty. *T
•? The strong supporter of state's i • ■ ■■ /-»«
rights doctrine John Jay, Henry Clay, %.
jfc, . First Chief Justice of the United " The great pacificator." &
T Gouverneur Morns, sfa/es - n . , xx/ - x T
v we e/n/ne/»f /7/7a/7c/er 0/ the John Marshall Uaniel Webster, V
nnlutio*. The greatestof American jurists. ■ America's matchless orator.
* Benjamin Franklin, Albert Gallatin, Charles Sumner, *
**$ Famous philosopher and patriot. A notable financier. The great anti-slavery crusader. **
* *
The contributors to this course comprise the following eminent educators: JOHN BACH *§•
,£5. McMASTER, PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYL- *£►
VANIA; ANDREW McLAUGHLIN, LL. 8., PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, UNI- .££.
VERSITY OF MICHIGAN; FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, PH. D., UNIVERSITY EXTENSION A,
? LECTURER ON AMERICAN HISTORY AND ECONOMICS; WILLIS M. WEST, M. A., Jf
jg PROFESSOR OF HISTORY, UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA; ALBERT BUSHNELL HART, £
"g PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, HARVARD UNIVERSITY; CHARLES H.
"TJ SMITH, LL. D., PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, YALE UNIVERSITY; BER-
-^ NARD C. STEINER, PH. D.. LECTURER ON AMERICAN HISTORY, JOHNS HOPKINS *&
4* UNIVERSITY; JAMES A. WOODBURN, PH. D., PROFESSOR OF HISTORY, UNIVER- *§•
Jg SITY OF INDIANA, *2.
I Free of Charge===A 32=Page Booklet, Handsomely Illustrated. *
* *
I It tells all about the Home Study Circle f
* and the programme, of studies for the f
* coming term. Mailed on request. *
* . *
"^ a.
* Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call, Call Building, San Francisco, Cal. *
I *
IN HONOR OF LINCOLN.
The Monument League Meets and
Increases the Scope of Its
Object.
A meeting of the executive committee of
the I-incoln Monument league was held
last evening at the rooms of the I'mon
League Club. President W. W. stone
acted as chairman. The members listened
to the reading of the various reports and
1 ho debates on the questions to which they
gave rise.
The committee reported that the design
yatS&rsjKx ■/ ,J I fHHS*3»I Healthful strength depends on nerve vitalism. The tody is a }
H^Y J&L #i I fsiyTSßl sublime structure, perfectly adjusted, and undergoes constant waste <■
Xi : -j k£ s Xffi&&/ll iKr'f^lil and repair. Life may be continued for years by certain conditions. ( '
1^ NN J^^^^^ U ir^^Swil Keep close to natural laws and you will live long. Neglect these, ,
' iT a^fflSflnm abuse the stomach or other crgan>, and the system becomes a prey •'
&niijW7*% \JWJSi. fSlfisSßd* t0 ayen 5 in 2 disease and death. Renew and preserve the tissues and °
m\\%im& \ \j3fll\ HJJw*"^^ nerve force and you will enjoy a good old age.
M: \\ JB i&!k\ Is there a man who doesn't wish the health and happiness which <
Jil&o "^k^^f spring Irom perfect vitality? Why should weakness destroy your (:
li^^Btt-^-^^ vSii v life ' Nature's aim is to keep up your vital power. Tnat lost, you are a^eJ, worn ,'■
' m iH^^***^^ -~rJHm\ out ' mean - P isease robs you of good looks dries the tissues, wears out the organs, <
y fllll^^Zl3rA»iS2lm»\ brings irritability and crankiness, and destroys the animi.ion which stamps the \
V IBo^l^^Jl^Bl'mV younger horizon of life The gifts which insure happiness to you and your sur- :
? I^^^Wr7/t/^llm\ foundings snou:d be guarded from the inroads and havoc of disease. Electricity is ( '
/|Plt|#vl^ DR ' MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT CURES EVERY NERVE
i I KH l/V Ml \J and organ that is affected and renews the entire vital system. My new method -
I » 'it HIV/ directs the voltage as each case specially calls for. Tne electrodes are so covered 0
/38 /A 1 Bis as t0 P revent tne BLISTERING so common with ordinary belts, and my new regu- 0 '
llh /M B\i ' lator switches the current Dy degrees. Call and test my system, or send for the new ■'
111 Km Hi! book, which explains it— mailed free. '(:
» ' //?^a Cv ' DEAR SlR— Replying to yours of the ICth I will Fay that lam now enjoying "first-rate (
//. • ™ w\ health, having had no recurrence of my former trouble at all since u<-inK your Belt and cnn-
% I slder myself entirely cured of the aliment for which I applied to you for treatment. Tours ; '
truly. " M. CLOSTER. i
fiD M A llnlßliniJllll 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, office Hour 8 -sa . to8«3o P .<». t
UK Rfl M l¥ll I 14 1 Ell 11 8 Ell S. F.. and Burdlck Block. Sundays. 10 to 1. ,^
Will Bill 111 If IULnvUIILi I 111I II Cor. Spring and Second, LosAagele«. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES i
offered at the last meeting, and which
called for an expenditure of $36,000, was
not accepted, being not in accordance with
I the dignity of the subject. Th» credit of
the State demanded something more or
nate, and the committee decided that $150.
--000 would be about the right amount to
expend in the erection of a monument
; that would fittingly commemorate the
: martyred President.
To this end the committee decided to
issue a circular calling for the organiza
tion of local executive committees In the
different counties of the State, which will
act in conjunction with the committee of
: this city, and do their best to raise their
i proportions of the sum and meet here in
general convention some time in the fore
part of February. It is expected that 2000
delegates will attend.
Many members made speeches, in which
they pledged themselves to do all in th- ir
power to further the interests of the
movement. Senator Morehouse agreed to
answer for Santa Clara County, and Sen
ator McGowan promised that' Humholdt
County would enthusiastically meet all
demands that mipht be made upon it.
Maud— Do you like to have men flatter
you?
Kthel— Oh. I don't mind if they happen
to be photographers.— Harper's "Bazar
56
SATURDAY OCTOBER 7. xjfe?
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proof ieior
Address AJI Commun ; cat:on» to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
FLULICATIO.N OFJ-ICH /'.cri^t and Third Sty. S. F
Tel'Cthoce lliin ISC?.
EDITORIAL BOO.MX 217 to 221 stevep»on Street
TeJ*rt-o« Main ;«.
DELrVERHD TTT CARRIER.", 15 OK^TTS PER WEEK.
PlTiKl* Ccp'rs, S c-rts.
Terms by Mall, Ir.clu-Jir.j: Postage:
DAILT CALL I'.nci-JC.T.; Sur.<s»7 Csi:>. one ytar f«.O<}
r.«.:LT CALL (Isclndlss -. C*::>. 6 months 5.00
DAILY CALL (lr.c:-j.":lr:s Suiviay C«I1). 5 nsontts .... 1-VO
PAII-T CALL— Bj rMr.gi- Mtnth We
ECXDAT CAI^. r.» Tear *. J.SO
V,E?:KLT CALL, One Year 1.00
All pottrr^i-'ers zr» author!7»d to rr^^iT. Bubscrlpticna.
Eazr-f-le ccp;»s will be fcrwartl'd wt'.a r.questtd.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOG.NESS.
Monafter ForeiC= Adverti^'niJ, Marquette Cuildin^,
ChkoßO.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENTS
C. C. CARLTO.N Herald Squat*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKEN6 J« 20 Tribune Bnlldlnfi
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Fhermaa House: P. C. News Co.; Grr«t Xortkera Kat^Li
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
W*Uorf>Aat r!» Hotel; A. Breetaao, U Union 6«ju*r«i
Mnrru, HOI Ho:*;. -
WAbHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotsl
4. L. ENGLISH, Cor respondent.
BRANCH OFFICES- 527 tf.or,tgon-,ery street, corner C!cy,
open until 9:10 c'clccK- 30C Hoyes street, ccsri until
6u50 o'ciocK- 639 A.'.cAUlster street, open uot'.l 20
e'e'ock. €15 Lcri-ln street, cpen ur/.1l 9-3O o'ciocV;.
'.SAI mission street open un-!l 10 o'clock- 2ir - WcrV.et
strret. corner Sixteenth, open untii 9 o'dock- CS>€
Vc!-'fi:!a street, open until 9 o'clocK- 106 Eleventh
street open until 9 o'clock- NW- corner T/. •%.,
second and Kentucky streets, cpen until 9 o'clock^,
AMUSEMENTS.
Or; h«»jrn-Va-.J<2ert:i c.
in."
Alcazar— "Innocent as a La.ii."
Grand Ojrera House— "Rip Van Winkle."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vecin;.
Oiynsp'.a, corr.er Mason and Ellis rtreete— Specialties.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Mechanics" Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Oakland Racetrack— Races today.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cha«e & Mendenhall— This day, at 1722 Market street,
Privlnc. Dra?t r^.'l V.v.r^ Horsc-y.
THE MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN.
\ \ UNICI3 . tions oi — -ies have
\ nd the i •• rm>
:■ now be
■
■ ■
...
■
■■ • .
■ ■ ing, The Call an
ior the R<
sup
ectioi
genuine Republicanism, was nomi-
I
■
. ■ ■
iew the
■ ■ ■ w at
■ i the
■ Re
■
r in. 1
the convention wa> made up
■
c noi ted is one
I by
a true and can - . the
;
differences in the platforms of
- • I pres
iice of indepe:
•tions which
itting there
t rr.en on the I ratic 1 ket, the
ns remain. By what means did they ;
: then; in the cam:
I to the followers of Buckley
■ ■ them in
te a = imi
•he character of the e!c.
t it has nomi
nated • . ipei rs has given
-
I has 1 the Re
- ' ' ■ ' that no cor
n the party strength
c. The record
past year stand* now as a guarantee of the future and
gives assurance to th what Republican
do they will do and that every
will be kept.
would not have supported an unworthy
had such been nominated by the Repu 1
but to such ?. ticket as lias been presented, headed n=
■ a citizen I inence and pul
the Hon. Horace Davis, it gives the most cordial
For such n ticket every citizen
■■i'h of civic patriotism to desire the ad
ity to be in the best hands can
vote. It is a winning ticket |< erves to
win. The I a convention has done well and
at the polls the people will indorse its action.
Another invidious attack has been made upon the
Alaskan mining town of Nome. Its enemies are cir
culating the report that at a recent town election not
even ore person was killed. A mining town that
holds an election without bloodshed is a failure.
A Cnbnn newspaper, tired of the intervention of the
T'nited States :n Cuba, remarks threateningly that
dean machetes cut keenly. If the Cubans tried to
prove it they might discover the interesting fact that
American bullets don't bounce.
Another case of the danger of being too truly good
has just come to light in Auburn. The Esoteric So
ciety, which was oigan'zed to bring out all that is best
in the human heart and soul, has gone to pieces in a
general row.
A FILIPINO PLEA.
CONSUL .' AL WIL of Hong
ils Pratt of
-' I
which
ficial re
t to our S -
Spain
t that he had
. ....
.• ter John
■ '
oard a
■98. for
t purpose
•
is ad
. . mi vcrnment ;s
These are
■ ey are
; ■ t at all in the
That government, organized by our agreement,
with its chief, according to Barrett and the Consuls,
sent to Cavite on a United State? steamer lor that
purpose, and carrying with him tne organic procla
mation written for him by Consul Wildmai which
was his first act in creating a government, is now ask
ing to negotiate with the United States for a cessa
tion of the Philip] war and terms of adjustment.
! This offer is rejected by General Otis and we go on
' killing the people on their native soil. The facts of
! history are against us. The testimony of the Consuls
and of Barrett is atrainst us. and we stand in the record
.•..-.', ...
aSjTemsing to negotiate peace with a government which
we aiaed m establishing, under which an army was
organized which expened Spam from every inch oi
the four islands except Cavite and Manila, and which
: ruled them thereafter for six month;, "with dignity
I nnd ur-tice." The last effort for peace was made by
, General Aleiandrino, who delivered over the Ameri
can prisoners ordered to be released by the Filipino
TT 1 J - "...
congress. He asked to enter into negotiations for
peace as a representative of that congress. This Otis
curtly refused, and Alejandrino declined to negotiate
on any other basis. In that connection the Filipino
general said: "Our government is willing to accept
a protectorate under the United States. We fought
Spain because we did not wish longer to be a colony.
A colonial covernment under American rule would
be worse than Spanish, because you know nothing
about the way to govern colonies. We do not want
to be experimented on tor a century while you learn
how. With England it would be another matter.
lou are another race and are not in sympathy with
us. We know how to rule our own people. We do
not understand why your powertul nation wants to
crush us like insects, iou ... us because
Idien igl --iccess
• your-. V- ■ • Ie peace, but
we will fight to 1 ■
ir ' 'ace in the
■ that I . thrill and sadden
nd swords tl
whose name such
re ■ : lid not witness
ting for their
■ -
... to the sword
; '. a government which
it is our beliei that the American people want peace
negotiations with that government. It is our belief
that they will regard such negotiations as honorable
and humane. It is our belfcf that the American peo
ple do not demand the cold-blooded butcher}- of a
people who are crying for quarter.
* .......
T" f • 1 TV- -1- • "- - :
It our present policy in the Philippines and that of
England in the Transvaal is the best and most Chris
tian work of which the Anglo-Saxon race is capable,
it needs longer schooling in the fundamentals of
Christian civilization.
What Republic loubts where B!aine and I.
>uch an issue? Not one man I
m would permit a w ■
' ' ' manity to be turned into a I
butchery of a people for the crime of loving liberty
and loyalty to their native soil.
• one man believ tl t i ther Lincoln or Blame
refuse to 1 tial government estab
lished a? h-d= that of the I ■ • 5. As such a ne
gotiatioi ral nd the war, save lives and
■ from the soul of thi . ■ ■
tion the remorse for the awful crime .
p. people whi ! beg ior peace and mercy, it is
time to demand that the policy of wiping them out be
reviewed and di r Schurman has
denounced it as unthinkably barbarous, and the Presi
dent of the United States has characterized the ac
n of terr criminal ag
gression." Let us no no further while those people
are crying for mercy. Let us get in line with Lin
coln and Biaine and not depart therefrom.
The Venezuela boui pute is ended. Vene
zuela gets ioo miles of marsh land and England re
nearly 60,000 square miles of forest land. This
d technically as a compromise in which
the South' American republic ought to be glad. She
ably shaking hands with herself because she
is still on the map.
Several of the fiends who robbed the terror-stricken
passengers of the ship Scotsman as the vessel was
down have received English justice for their
terrible crime. They have been sentenced to im
prisonment for one month. Piracy is not such an
expensive game after all.
THE VENEZUELAN AWARD.
BY* the award of the arbitrators at Paris England
one-third the size of California
and Venezuela gets control of the Orinoco
River. There seems to be genera! concurrence in the
award, and the fact that it was unanimous, the two
American members of the court concurring, makes
the settlement satisfactory to both hemispheres.
A question that has threatened the peace of the
world for nearly a century has disappeared in an
amicable solution by this award. It reached an acute
stage in 1805. when the United States asked England
to arbitrate it and rhe refused. This refusal was in
met by Mr. Clevel ■ larkable message
which denned the Monroe doctrine and practically
wrote it into international law. That message said
plainly to England that the United States would not
permit aggression in this hemisphere by any European
power, in a matter between it and an American power,
in which arbitration had been asked id refused
Venezuela being weak, but being within the Monroe
hemisphere, must not be touched. The President
■:pon the right of the United States to ask ar
bitration between England and a South American
power, and to treat refu>al by England as an un
friendly act. He practically warned England that any
attempt of hers to change the status quo would be an
act of war against the United States.
Within four weeks England yielded, recalled her re
THE SAN TRAy CISCO CALL, SATURDAY. OCTOBER 7. 1899,
fusal and accepted the arbitration which has resulted
in affirming the most of her claim and in giving
Venezuela what she rea'.iy sought to protect, the con
trol of the Orinoco. The incident caused a great
outbreak of friendship and gratitude to the United
States, from the Rio Grande to the Straits of Magel
lan. It gave us the hegemony of this hemisphere, and
England surrendered a point which would have been
regarded as worth to us the price of a long and ex
ting war.
Since then there is a singular and sinister change in
don of all the parties to that great diplomatic
incident. We have surrendered the position it gave to
ds in the Western Hemisphere and are feared and
hated by Centra! and South America because we have
begun a war for humanity and have turned it into a
butchery for conquest. Fear of absorption
: the heart of the Central and South Amer
ican c< c have exchanged their friend
■ r that of England.
The arbitration itself, projected before we changed
ationa] policy, serves as a reminder of what was
so recently and of what might have been as a perma
. . .
A distinguished member of the International Geo
graphical Congress, which has been in sessi
Berlin, believes that each nation should submit to an
international committee all puzzling problems in ref
erence to the handling of natives. This proposal
seems to offer a splendid opportunity for Uncle Sam
to get somebody to suggest how to make Aguinaldo
behave hir.. I
A SONG OF WILLOW TIT-WILLOW
rROM the day when it passed under control of
the present management it has been the custom
:ier to follow every noted event of
' pular interest with a prolonged crow over the
excellence < - service. The habit has by this
time become so strong that it even tried yesterday to
over its bulletins of the yacht race.
It is to be noted, however, that it did not crow as
I It did not mount its rooster on the first page
and sound forth its crow in big black letters of circus
size and menagerie pretensions. On the contrary, the
was a weak, piping little thing in almost in
blurred nonpariel type, hidden away under a
picture at the foot of a column in one of the most
inly ignored of its pages. Indeed, it did not
ike an effort of one who feels boastful, but of
one who tries to appear "still in the ring." and it
bounded less like a crow than a song of "V.
■ ■
re are good rea- c ; r the sickly feeling of the
Never has there been such a triumph
of newsgatherincr in the history of the world
as has been accomplished by The Call through the
Marconi system of wireless telegraphy. In compari
son with what was attained by that service the work
of the . . ted Press, of which the Examiner makes
st, was simply worthless. The Call had the
Associated Press dispatches equally with the other
morning paper?, but did not use them. As a matter
of fact they were not news. They were not only un
reliable, but were out of date.
der the facts as made public by the bulletins.
The Examiner put forth a dispatch: "11 a. m. — Co-
Wind twelve knots an hour." Then
r: "1:06 p. m. — Wind freshening to five miles
an hour." A little later it bulletined: "2:2s p. m. —
■ are on the home run; Columbia one mile
:er a time it put forth the announcement:
" ' ■ leads by one length only." Af
terward this "3:13 p. m. — The two racers are about
six miles from the finish. Shamrock seems to have
It is useless to quote more. The bulletins show
• • Examiner knew nothing whatever about the
race. It did not even have the record of the wind
right. On the other hand. The Call received it- dis
er out at sea following the yach's
drifted. Every incident of the contest was it
once flashed through the air. and so instantly reported
the continent that the news was bulletined in
front of The Call office within three minutes after
the incident had taken place at sea miles away from
land
After such work as wireless telegraphy ha? done in
this ca-e it is foolish to boast any further of the news
gathering facilities or triumphs of the old system.
The Associated Press must adopt the new method.
ng will do no good It takes money and
energy to keep up with the science, and papers that
r.re afraid to spend the one or lack the other will
drop out of the race and be counted as back numbers.
AN INVITATION TO DEWEY.
REPORTS from Washing-ton are to the effect j
tl at Admiral Dewcy has about made up his
mind to make an extensive tour through the
country in response to the numerous invitations that !
have been given him. It is assured he will visit Chi
cago, and General Anderson of that city is authority
for the statement that the Admiral contemplates a
Western trip. Moreover, Senator Proctor is quoted
as having said he believes the trip may be extended '
as far as the Pacific Coast
' >n that showing it will be well for San Francisco j
to at one extend to the Admiral an invitation similar
to that given by other large cities of the Union. It*.
will be remembered that when it was known that he
was to return home he was earnestly requested to !
ccme to this port and proceed to Washington over
land. That programme the Admiral was unable to \
j carry out, but it is fairly certain that when he enters j
i upon the tour which is to give him an opportunity to j
see the full extent of the republic he will be inclined j
to come to this coast before turning back.
According to the reports the tour of the Admiral I
will begin early in November and will continue for
some weeks. Our invitation, it will be ~een. should
: be forwarded promptly so as to be in his hands when
he makes his programme for the trip. It is not a mat- i
tc-r which requires much time for consideration, as it i
is certain the people will be prompt to provide what
ever money may be required to make his welcome
worthy of his visit. There is, therefore, no reason !
why the city authorities, together with the Chamber '
of Commerce and other representative bodies, should
j not act without delay and send the invitation imme- j
diately.
There are ample grounds for supposing the Ad- !
! miral has a genuine desire to visit this part of the l
Union. It was on the Pacific Ocean he won the great i
victory that has made him the hero of his country- j
men of this generation and secured for him an Em- '
; mortality of fame, and it is but natural he should <le- i
; sire to visit the chief city of that vast section of this j
! country that looks out upon that ocean. Whether I
he can come or not, however, it will be well to give '
him the invitation. Let us show him that much evi
-1 dence of our admiration for his service, and if he come !
.to us we will give him a welcome that will be '
I memorable.
It goes without saying that, with all the people of
the nation waiting to shake hands with Dewey, the
obliging Admiral would be glad to shake the people.
ITALIANS RESENT THE EXAMINER'S
INSULT TO INVENTOR MARCONI
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: While, in the name
of the Italians of this city, coast and Western States, we beg to thank you
so very much for the splendid response to the gratuitous insult that the Ex
aminer has thrown to our fellow countryman. Guglielrr.o Marconi, we beg to
a^k you to kindly publish the enclosed article, which will appear in our
L'ltalia of to-morrow morning.
Your courtesy would greatly oblige all the Italians of the city and Cali
fornia, who are ail unanimous in the condemnation of the Examiner's vul
garity and approve your defense of the great inventor. Very truly yours,
G. ALMAGIA, Editor L'ltalia.
The Examiner of yesterday has found ,
occasion to throw an abominable insult I
to some one, and this time the object of
its wrath and detestation is Guglielmo
Marconi, illustrious son of Italy, the
greatest genius of this eve of the twen- |
tieth century.
To satisfy a most wretched professional j
rivalry, this paper attempts to ridicule \
the name of the great inventor by "twist- !
ing" Marconi into "Macaroni."
To make the slur more complete, the ,
Examiner should have added, by the way, j
the title of "Dago"— that gentle epithet j
so common among the denizens of slums
and vile taverns.
"We. as Italians first, and secondly as i
representatives and Interpreters of thou- .
APPROVES THE CALL'S EDUCATIONAL SERIES.
Mayor Pheian Tells Why It Will Greatly
Benefit the Reading Public by Furnishing
the Best Literature and Means of In
struction.
To the Editor of the Call*. I heartily approve your plan for
an educational series by which those who are unable to procure books
will have the advantage of the best literature.
The modern newspaper has to some extent discouraged, by its,
voluminous presentation of the news of the day, the reading of good
literature. Some people are in the habit of reading the newspaper
and nothing else.
By introducing good literature into your columns you will sup
ply the public with the best mental pabulum without any cost and
thus perform a great educational service. Yours truly,
BOER TO BRITON.
A Reply to Rudyard K'P"
lina's Latest Poem.
Crush the "sullen" people, such the law
of fate;
God be with the victors— magmify the
State.
If appeals for mercy through the oceans
ring
S^nd a miehty army— annihilate the King.
What care we for justice— what care we
for "breed?"'
Swell our mighty empire— let them call it
gr'
Should the world oppose up, while we
pray and sing,
God of battles o'er us— death be to the
King.
Though he tracked the forests, though he
I uilded new,
;he air of freedom with each
wind tl at blew,
Though a people with him, all on' earth
they bring,
yet for "mother country** we must crush
this Kiig.
His the :e!gn of treason, ours the inarch
of might:
Theirs to live by suffrance, ours to rule
by right;
Matters little what the cause, right or
wrong they bring;
British lust dwells uppermost— "Suffer not ;
this Kiiig."
All they have of freedom, all they use or
know,
This their fathers bought for them lorg
and long i
Theirs the mountain, wood and stream—
every living thing—
Theirs the right of liberty, of kindred -d
of King.
"Cruel in the shadow, crafty in the sun."
Say to Briton. "Hold, enough, ere thy !
race be run!"
"All the right they promise, all the wrong
they bring."
Greed is stamped upon the brow and their
gold is King.
God of nations. h<~ar a prayer; banish
back those hosts;
Save a people from misrule; quicken not
vain I ■.-'..-.
Shield with thy protection these Afric's
sons, I sing:
Grant their arms the victory and their
homes their King.
a. b. McNeil,
San Jo-se, Cal.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Fred Dodd, the Fresno hotel man, is a
guest at the Lick.
P. A. Buell, a wealthy lumber dealer of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
T. C. Law, a prominent attorney of Mer
ced, is a guest at the Lick.
Charles G. Griffith, a Spokane mining
expert, is a guest at the Palace.
L. F. Moulton, one of the largest land
owners of Colusa, is at the Lick.
H. J. Pfluger, an extensive raisin grower
of Fresno, is registered at the Grand.
Henry Brown, ex-Sheriff of N'apa Coun
ty, is at the Grand on a flying trip to mis
city.
S. F. Geil, an attorney of Salinas, is
among the recent arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. and Mrs. G. J. Bradley have come
down from Mare Island and are registered)
at the Palace.
F. H. Hopkins, a well-known broker of
Portland. Or., is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife.
United Stales Attorney Coombs left yes
terday for a two-day vacation, which he
will spend in Napa.
A. Wideman, a wealthy and popular
merchant of Gonzales, is registered for a
short stay at the Russ.
Colonel John T. Harrington, connected
with the Home for Feeble Minded at
Colusa, is at the Lick.
J. E. Hoyle, an enterprising young mer
SAX FRANCISCO, Cal.. Oct. 6.
Fands of our fellow-countrymen, protest
against such a vulgar offense and o'.g ta
remind the Examiner that to insult Italy,
for an American, is the same as lo insult
its own nether. ;
That God blessed land, selected by the
Almighty as the cradle of human :;<?nius,
is rightly entitled to the love and grati
tude of all humanity.
Romans were first to descend upon the
land whence come those kind edit
ors, publishers and contributors to the
Examiner and there planted for the first
the foundation of their ancestors' civili
zation.
And when Rome had to yield to the
barbarians of the north, stronger in num
ber only, Rome still stood foremost and
dominated the world of arts and sciences.
Remember, you offenders and insulters
chant of Keswick, Shasta County, is mak
ing a :-hort stay in this city.
Dr. E. H. Mattner, the well known sur
geon, leaves this morning: for a ten days
hunting trip in Mtndccinc
E. P. Dunn, proprietor of the Arling
ton at Santa Barbara, is at the Palace
on a short business trip to this city.
A. B. C. Dowdell and John Thormann,
two wealthy wine men of SE Helena, are
staying at the Grand, where they an
yesterday.
Charles S. Fogg, one of the leading at
torneys of Tacoma, and N. P. Ashton. an
influential lawyer and politician of the
same p!ncf\ are p.t the Palace awaiting
the arrival of the Washington troops.
The condition of James Pereival. the
English millionaire, who was poison
eating striped bass, has so improved that
he i 5 now out of all danger and resting
easily in his apartments at the Palace.
■ ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Paul Oesting of
San Francisco Is at the Netherland;
James E. Tucker of San Francisco is at
the Vendome; E. F. Nover of San Fran
cisco is at the Cosmopolitan.
THE CALLS ENTERPRISE.
The "Wasp.
The Call administered a sweeping defeat
to the Examiner this week in the matter
of illustrating the progress of the
: national yacht race between the Columbia.
! and the Shamrock. It is a notab:
; that this enterprising daily was th
i paper in the world to make use of Mar
■ coni's marvelous invention for the report
' ing of news. The enterprising
| The Call has resulted in a series of jour
! nalistic triumphs fully appreciated by the
reading public. The Examiner last Tues
' day was almost completely ignored while
The Call's bulletin boards were the center
of unusual attention. ♦
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JOHN L. SULLIVAN-G. 8.. City. John
L. Sullivan, the ex-champion, was born in
Boston October 15, 185 S.
POULTRY JOURNALS— H., El Verano.
Cal. There are not "five or six journals
In California devoted specially to pouify
raising."
CONDUCTOR— P., City. To secure a
position as conductor on any of the lines
or divisions of the Southern Pacific line
an application should be directed to the
company's office in this city.
CALIFORNIA AND CON. VIRGINIA—
W. D. H.. City. The top notch prices for
California mining stock was on January
7, 1&75. when it opened at »750 and closed
at $760 a share; January &, Con Virginia
opened at JGSS and closed at $720.
ALL THE VESSELS— Harrison street.
City. The Navy Department at Washing
ton, D. C, is the only department that
can furnish a list of all the vessels that
took part In the Spanish-American war.
This department has not such a list.
PUBLICATIONS- Fila. Bradley. Mon
terey County. For information r i to t.ie
publications asked about and --übscrip
tion you should direct your communica
tion with self-addressed, stamped c -
velope for reply, to a first-clas:: news
dealer.
COINAGE IN 1564-K. H.. San Jose,
Cal. In the year 1864 there was coined in
the United States mints gold and silver in
denominations as follows: Double eagles
$21,466,640; eagles, &> v .800; half-eagles $51
--ouu; ciuarter-eagles. $23.155; $3 pieces. $16 470
d I 1 &%<**- &"■>»■ SJlver-Doliars. $23 -
.;;:_ half-aoilars, $453,955: quarters.
402 aO; dimes, $14,037; half-dimes, $4518 yr
3-cent pieces, $11 JO. '
WORLD'S FAIRS-E. C. S.. Berkeley.
Cal. There is no "understanding between
i. nations that every ten years there shall be
I a world's fair, the place in which it is to
I be held being decided upon at the precec'
j ing fair by vote."
• An act of Congress provided for "the
| celebration of the four hundredth anni
versary of the discovery of America by
, Christopher Columbus hy holding an in
■ ternational exhibition of* arts. Industries
I manufactures and the products of the soil'
; mine and sea in the city of Chicago, in the
i State of Illinois." It opened May :
I and closed October 30 of the same" year '
BRANCH POSTOFFICES— Subscriber
City. The branch postoffices in San Fran
cisco are located as follows: A. Polk and
Sacramento streets; B. 1610 Market; C.
of Marconi, everything you see about
yourselves, everything that tend, to af
firm the theory Uapi man is the master
piece of creation, all there is of the mos.
marvelous Ls due in great part to the ver
satility cf Italian genius. t ■ tba
Navigation ov.es the compass to the
genius of Flavio Gioia; physical sclemfta
owe to Torriceili the invention of the
barometer, tn Volta and Galvani the dis
covery of electricity.
Poor humanity owes to Columbus the
discovery cf this blessed land! ana all or
us that' glorify in American citizenship
remember that it is to Amerigo A e&pucci
and Crlstoforo Colombo that we owe the
name of our country! ...
In every field of man activity and de
velopment of God's gift, genius. Italy
stands first and most.
To Italy we owe the invention of musical
notes: to Italy the greatest achieve!
of physical science— medicine. The great
est discoveries of the age tending to re
lieve suffering humanity— the germs ana
cure of yellow fever and of most of the
=courge.=— all we owe to Italian genius.
Shakespeare, Byron and Lytton, great
est pceta of, the Anglo-Saxon race, found
on the shores of Italy the necessary in
spirations for their great works.
These poets never ceased to love ana
sing the praise of Italy, and many or their
works art- songs to the glory or mat
country. .
It is Indeed a very poor and meiar.cnoiy
bit of wit that the Examiner has indulged
in. perhaps to cheer it up in view of the
proverbial defeat in news-getting enter
prises. / :
We resent in the name of the million cr
Italians living in this glorious land of
Washington an<l Lincoln, and beg to ad
vise the Examiner to bow mo?t pro
foundly to the name of Marconi and Italy,
land of the twelve demi-gods and thou
sands of benefactors of humanity.—
L'lta'.ia.
Mayor .
Mission ar.d Twentieth; D, ferry building;
E. Third ar.d Townsend: F. S'aeramemo
and Fillrnore: G. Seventeenth and Mar
ket; H. 602 Ha>-i: X, New Montgomery
and Jessie; L. Ocean View: LI. Clement
and Sixth avenue; O. S2o Market, There
are also the following sub-station?: 1,
Kentucky and Napa streets: 2. Railroad
and Eleventh, avenues; 3. 1712 Devisadero;
4. 1900 Union: ">. 1306 Castro: <5, 3279 Mis
sion: 7. 359 Devisadero; S, Cliff House; 9,
•524 Montgomery avenue: 10. 2737 Twenty
fourth; 11. 1794 Haight: 12. San Bruno and
Dwight avenues; 13, 1941 Mission.
GEORGE B. McCLELLAN— M. N.,
City. General George B. McClelir 
I after executing his famous "change of
j base" in the Peninsula campaign. wa3
■ relieved of command: he was reappointed
i September 7, lSt'2. after "Pope's disasters*"
| and commanded in the Antietam campaign.
On November 7 of that year he was
again removed from the command and
sent to New York on wall - orders. He
tendered his resignation November S,
1864, severing bis connection with the
: army to enable him to receive the nomi
j nation for President by the Democratic
I convention at Chicago, which he obtained
j two days later.
CITRUS Subscriber, Los An
, geles, Cal. Citrus fruit is grown in the
! northern part of California. General Chip
' man in his annual report to the Staty
! Board of Trade last March says: "It is
also gratifjinf to note that of 1898 ship
■ ments of oranges 589 carloads worn firm
Northern California. Since we conir-enctd
to ship oranges from the north the record
i stands:, I^3, 4 carloads; 1596. SI; ISS7, 256,
and last year, 5Sy. Considering that the
: first oranges to ripen come from the north
i and go into home consumption, this is an
j encouraging wing. ' The shipment of
' citrus truit from Northern California dur
' ing 1898. in tons of 2000 pounds, was: San
Francisco. 5.7; Oakland, .*; San Jose. 0;
Stockton, 2955.1: Sacramento. 303.1; Marys
vine, 25&5.1. Total in tons, 5890.8; carloads,
5&9.1. Southern California — Los Angeles,
107,738.9 tons; Orange County, 10.155.2; Riv
erside County, 211.221.5 ; San Bernardino
County, 22.2G1.4; San Diego County. "--7 7.
! Total tons, 174.697.7: carloads, 17,469.5. ;
BALLOT IN A LODGE— Lodge Member,
; City. When a ballot is taken by. the mem
j bers by balls or cubes, that ballot is se
cret, except to the presiding officer and
I to the second officer in the lodge. After
1 the ballot has been closed the officer who
j has charge of the ballot-box presents it
! at the station of the second officer and
steps back a pace so that he may not
see the ballot. The officer to whom 't is
presented examines the ballot, closes the
box and the officer in charge of the box
presents it to the presiding cirirer and
| steps back. The presiding officer asks t-.e
second officer. "How stands the ballot?"
and •he answer is either "Clear" or
i "Cloudy," the former being used- when
j there are no black bails or cubes and the
latter when there is one or mere black
ballots, 't is then, the duty of the ore
siding officer to confirm the declaration
! and to 'destroy" the ballot by rerr.ovin<*
| the balls or cubes from the compartment
jin which tney were deposited by .c mem
bers and return them to the compartment
from which they were taken by the me- 1
: bers while voting. The rule is the same
•jn all classes of secret societies and no
I presiding officer should authorize another
to "destroy" the ballot. ■
Towmend's fain . candyj rbs 25c*
Cream mi:<»- 25c tb. Townsend's.*
Treat your hi "wnsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits. 50c Ib. in fire-etched
boxes. 622 Mark-: at.. Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied daily to
ss houses and public men by the
("lipping Burrau (Allen'sK 510 Moni-
Eun.ery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Soldiers going- home and other travelers
Will rind the best assortment of trunks
valises, traveling sets and writing ma
terials arul the lowest prices at San born
& Vail s, ,ti Market street. Waterman
i ideal fountain pens a specialty. •
; — » ♦ » .
. Johnny— Pa. is there anything more'val
uable than diamonds? His Father— No
wav: why? Johnny— Oh. 1 was just won
; dering what they gave Methuselah on his
• five -hundredth wedding anniversary."—
For a tonic for the nervous and dyspeptic
J nothing equals a little Angostura Bitters TlMl
! renuine. Dr. Slegerfe, In port or anerrjvIN LEAGUE AGAINST
THE MAN FROM MEXICO
Revenge of Citizen Republicans oa
a Stuffed Prophet
Rebellion in the Camp of Burns Provoked
by Sugared Promises Which Were
Never Honored.
POLITICAL, clouds, black, threaten
ing and ominous, are gathering
about Dan Burns, and there Is every
reason to believe that the politic;U
stuffed prophet from Mexico will l 1"
forced to confine his energies to h'.a
Btables. One by one the followers of the
Mexican arc deserting him. ara now he Is
facing a disaffection that Is perhaps more
- and siKniflcant than all the rest.
Hia "Citizens' Republican Party" is "l> In
arms against him. His commands have
disobeyed and his counsel has been
■1. He has been told that his
cry and deceit are to be punished,
and that if he wishes political favors he
will have to seek In quarters other than
occupied by the Citizens' Republi
party. This rebellion, coming so
kly and unexpe t< > upon th< heels
. : thi makes t
of the Mexican anything but a pleasant
one.
The Citizens* Republican party has right
ly been considered the I
rty of Bui ne H< has subsidize '1 its
ters for ovei two ■ • urs and bi
its frail It was natural,
therefore, that Burns sho
to dictate wl the
• alization. The "citi
,: th« Mexican haa I
with 1 they are up In
arms to punish him If they can, ami, fail
• hat, to harass him.
; ■ ■ ■ ulliar posi-
They i.ay.
the Natit n can par, y,
ami they 'claim by right of Inheritance the
. the municipal Re
:an organization. What they lack In
numbers and Influence th< ; make up In
, . ■ : • . ma> reasonably be
club." Un
sumed
ites in the
■
I Ii do this they
of the
fight they
s did witl
tter pill of
■
I parts oi
-
■ •
I th( ir
■
■
him.
■ pro
■ w :.s over
■
id failed :
: le had pn >i:hful
■
. to smash the Mex
ill unconscious of ; '■■-• n ■
. • is before. Th< '*< z< -
:■•■, quite aa m i
.; the stal ■ »es of
: ■v is his privili g • ight,
ne as well as the other. He
i without his host.
"citizens" decided to h'-'d a
clpal convention Burns sent :'■
re. He told them In tl
rior way which is his own that, he
Icy and pr< - if the
■•ri Republicans, and he was In
: to have the "citizens" Indors
.r nominees. The citizens gritted
• Their opportunity was com
•. ■ ckly than they expected
They wanted to find out just what the
Mexican wanted, and then they would
wield their hammers.
Rums had one particular favor to ask—
I, it was more than a favor; it was
n demand — and when it was made tho
"citizens" thought apprehensively
month's rent. The Mexican insisted
that whatever else the "citizens" mifr'nt
do th«*y must Indors -nination of
William A. I)cam> fur County Clerk. Tho
dictator had no reason to rtivp. He made
rfort to difpel the shadow of De
Younp which f<'ll upon thf» s:roup. He had
given his orders, and there was no al
ternative for obedience.
The "citizens" departed. They had only
one purpose In view. If their political ex
:e Durst as a bubble they would do
Just what the Mexican did not want them
to d". Since Burns wanted I'eane, the
"citizens" decided In grim determination
rot to Indorse Deane. And that explained
tlie action of the "citizens" on Thursday
nlrrht. They had nothlnjr aeralnst the pei;
lai "Billy" Deane personally— ln fact, he
was personally liked by most of the mem
bers iiut tliiswas an opportunity to pun
ish th> 5 Mexican, and that was all
xvas to it. They planned a sham battle
among themselves, called each other
names that had more of senou? truth
than sham In them, and nominated Peter
Hammond for County Clerk. Peter Ham-
In a worthy gentleman.
I>f-ane received the citizens' ax, and
Burns Is philosophizing on political in
gratitude. The citizens are grinning In
Belf-ecteem, and In a few days the land
lord will probably it«gin to wonder from
whence the next month's rent for the
headquarters is coming.
DRIVEN FROM THE FOLD.
Burns Thrown Out Bag and
Baggage From the Citi
zens' Pnrty.
r>an Burr.s received his ronge last night
from the Citizens' Republican party. He |
was driven from the organization, bajr
iggage, and he la now out of the
Republican party. The rebellion which
for wnks had been gaining strength
against him reached Its height last night,
ami the Mexican was repudiated absolute
ly by the convention wiii-jj met In Pioneer
Hall. The organization was delivered Into I
the hands of Kelly and ("rimmlns. and |
Burns will have to look to his stables for I
I tiling session of the cor.- ;
vention was a2i exciting one. In the con- j
fusion which attended the struggle for j
macy tiio convention failed to noml- j
nate a Recorder and a Coroner, but the
remainder of the ticket was filled.
After nominations had been made tho |
followers of Burns attempted to name the i
new county committee by resolution. Tho !
Joker was at mire seen, and after a bitter j
struggle the resolution was rejected and ;
the chairman, who »ls antagonistic to j
Burns, was empowered to name the !
county committee. He will announce his i
tlons on Monday.
When tho delegates saw that they had i
it In their power to punish Burns for his
treachery, they relented on his favorite, •
"William A. Deane, and nominated him
for County Clerk. The big light had been i
won and Burns was out of the organiza
tion.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the chairman.
Joseph K. Lee, b'!'"""d savagely upon tho
ites and '•ailed the convention to
order. He positively declined to enter- '
trim 8 motion to change the order of busi- :
ness, refused to listen to an appeal from
his decision and asked for nominations
for Police Judges. His supreme contempt
for any suggestion but his own was re
freshing. Before nominations could be
made It was announced that Peter Ham
mond, the nominee of the convention for
County Clerk, had withdrawn and very ■
respectfully declined the honor. The
name of Charles Conlnn was also with
drawn as nominee for Police Judge.
While withdrawals were in order, Dr. T.
H. M'.rri.- was deprived of the nomination
for Coroner, which he had received the
evening before. Affairs were beginning
to simplify themselves and Henry I,
Joachlmsen was nominated unanimously
for Police Judge.
The most Important business of the ses
sion was then In order. It was the nomi
nation of Mayor. Whatever the members
of the convention may think or feel in
reference to their rivals within the party
they demonstrated last night that they
are of one mind on the vitally important
question of a standard he;trer. There was
but one candidate before the convention —
Horace Davis. He was placed In nomina
tion by W. S. Scott, who eloquently de
scribed the attributes of public and pri
vate life which qualify Mr. 1 avis for the
hik.-h office he seeks. Mr. Scott begged the
ntlon to give his candidate their
and their earnesi aid during the
campaign. Mr. Davis, he said, had won
honor in many walks of life. He could
gain no new ones In the position for which
he was named. He had come forth a
pe< pie's defender and at the persistent
■i if the city.
The speaker was frequently Interrupted
by enthusiastic applause, which ended
with a unanimous vote of nomination.
Three cheers and a tiger were given for
ihe nominee. In this affair at least the
Republicans were as a unit.
Nominations came now in rapid f-u~-
There were practically io con
and most of the nominees were
en by a unanimous vote. In rapid
ssion John Lackmann was nomi
nated for Sheriff, Albert Heyer for
Assessor, William A Deane for County
Clerk, Joseph H. Scott for Tax Collector,
Louis Feusier for Treasurer, John Farn- |
ham for Public Administrator, Charles H.
Jackson fur City and County Attorney,
A. P. Black for District Attorney ami
Charles A. Low for Police Judge.
When the name of Asa R. Wells was
presented for the nomination for Auditor,
T. B. O'Brien was on his feel with a pro
test. He declared that Wells had proved
himself a traitor to the men who had
nominated and elected him and should
now be punished. A roll call was de
manded and Wells received the nomina
tion with 5S votes against 21.
An effort was then made to nominate
John Hayes for Supervisor, but he was I
defeated. The following nominations of :
the other Republican convention for Su- I
pervisors were then indorsed: Nathan
Bibo, Charles Bliss, Major Charles Box
ton, Joseph Britton, Colonel Victor Du
boce, Samuel Foster, I). C. M. Godscll,
Thomas L. Henderson, W. C. Johnson,
Milo S. Jeffers, Charlea J. King. George
R. Sanderson, George T. Shaw, Dr. E. N.
Torello, William Watson. C. S. Wright, j
John ].. Kostei and Dr. T. H. Morris.
After the ballots had been taken for ;
Supervisors an effort was made to elect j
a Burns auditing committee. The effort
failed. An attempt was then made to!
elect a Burns. County Committee. It was j
denounced as a scheme of a. man who is i
charged with various crimes, and also ;
failed of success. The convention at this <
time v.as in an uproar and an adjourn
ment was taken to the call of the chair.
The chairman subsequently announced
the following committees: Purity com
mittee—G. H. Pettio. John Rutherford,
Joseph King, Charles 11. Forbes and T.
H. Leib; committee on vacancies—Wil
liam H. Shcpston, T. B. O'Brien, Barney
Conlan, J. G. Severance and Charles H.
Forbes.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
i OAKLAND, Oct. fl.— Marriage licenses
were granted to-day to the following:
Martin Vargas, 29 years, and Julia Joa
quin d'Comceicao, 20 years. Oakland; Isn
Roy Coots, 22 .-oars, and Leta Harbin, 20
j years, Oakland; John Bergstedt, 27 years,
! and Christine Johnson. 26 yearn, Frultv.ile.
An appraisement of thp estate of Fred
W. Aiten of AJaxneda, who died in Alaska
i while searching for fortune, was filed to
dny, showing a totnl valuation of $3703, of
which $.';OM Is in bank, $109 a note and $500
1 Alameda realty.
Joseph K. Kaolin filed suit In the Supe
rlor Court to-day against Emll J. G. and
Martha Hahn, John Bcanlan, et al., for
! the foreclosure of a mortgage on property
on Linden street, near Thirtieth, given to
'; secure payment on a note for $2500, dated
October 10, ISM, with intortst at 9 per cent
per annum.
The contract for the brick, granite and
cement work in tho const ruction of the
Standard Electric Company's two-story
' building on the east Hide of Grove street,
' near First, awarded to Childs & Pierson
: at $3475. has been recorded.
The first installment of State and county
taxea will be due and payable next Mon
day and Tax Collector Barber has ap
pointed as deputies U 8. Bixby, W. K.
Barstow. A. A. Rogers, J. A. Webster. Al
fred S. Barber, G. D. Warren and Charies
H. Frost.
The funeral of Norman Wines, who
owned stage lines about Santa Barbara
r.ggregating 62H miles in length, was held
here to-day. The services were conduct
ed by Rev. Mr. Bakewcll of Trinity
Church, and the Interment was at Moun
tain View Cemetery. Deceased was 57
years of age and was well known In the
southern part of the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
ROWDYISM REIGNS AT THE
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
Police Hurriedly Called Upon to Quell the Riot
and Prevent Bloodshed.
Slate Goes Through Without a Break— Attempts to Smash It
Precipitate a Series of Disgraceful Scenes, During Which
Delegates and Lobby Indulge in a Fierce
Hand-to-Hand Fight.
Mayor . . . James D. Phelan i
Assessor . . Dr. Washington Dodge !
City and County Attorney
Franklin K. Lane
Public Administrator ....
Patrick Boland
District Attorney .Lewis F. Byington
Recorder . . . Edmond G-odchaux
County Clerk . . Dennis Geary
Coroner . . Dr. R. Beverly Cole
Tax Collector . . . R. P. Doolan
Treasurer . . Samuel H. Brooks
Auditor . . Joseph M. Cummings
Sheriff .... Jeremiah Deasy
POLICE JUIXJES.
E. P. Mogan.
Charles T. Conlan,
Alfred J. Fritz,
George H. Cabaniss.
SUPERVISORS.
A. Comte Jr..
R. M. Hotaling,
H. TJ. Brandenstein f
Thomas Jennings,
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona,
Joseph S. Tobin,
W. N. McCarthy,
John E. A. Helms,
John Connor,
C. W. Reed,
James P. Booth.
Emil Pohli,
P. J. Curtis,
M. C. McGrath,
L. J. Dvryer,
Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana,
A. 3. Maguire.
SCEXKS were enacted at last night's
session of the Democratic Conven
tion, at Native Sons' Hall, that
rivaled in rowdyism the worst
brawls of the tenderloin. At one stage
of the disgraceful proceedings the police
were forced to take complete charge of
the convention to prevent bloodshed and
quell a threatened riot. No political
gathering ever held In this city could
erpinl the affair of last night. Aside from
being a display of the worst type of
hoodlumism It was a roaring farce as a
nominating body.
Jasper McDonald, the chairman, was at
no time In control of the mob excepting
during the few moments that Mayor
Phelan was on the platform thanking
the delegates for placing him in nomin
ation. Not the least semblance of order
was maintained. Delegations shouted
curses at delecatlons; the lobby hurled
epithets at the speakers, at the candi
dates and the chairman; outsiders voted
in place of absent delegates, and in the
midst of it all Mayor Phelan stood bo-
hind the wings directing^ his programme.
Efforts to break the slate were ineffec
tual, (jut- of the attempts all hut re- i
suited In a riot. This was on the con- )
test for County Clerk. Captain Dennis ;
Geary was the Mayor's candidate and
M. c. Hale} was pui In the light in j
! opposition. When Haley's case seemed
hopeless P. J. McCarthy jumped on
the platform and Jasper McDonald
yielded the gavel to him while he went
behind the scenes to confer with Mayor
Phelan.
McCarthy's appearance was the signal
| for a wild and most disgusting demonstra
tion of disapproval. His reception would
Indicate that he is far from the "whole
! thine" in the Democratic ranks. First
; there was a threatening hum, followed by
j a rumble, that grew in volume and
! viciousness. Encouraged by the number
of their sympathizers, the enemies of Mc-
Carthy grew bold and came out of cover.
Jim Neal was the leader, and he had his
! gang with him.
"You dirty dog! You dirty dog! Get :
1 down out of that! Pull him off of the
platform!" and similar insults were fired
at the temporary chairman by Neal and
his followers. McCarthy cast a glaiu-e at
the disturbing element and hissed be
tween his teeth some hot report.
Quick as a flash Neal elbowed his way i
; through the crowd at the side of the hall i
I and made a break for the platform. His |
; manner was menacing, and from the way
: In which he felt for his pistol pocket it
] was evident he meant business. With a
bound he was on the stage and at Mc-
Carthy. The secretaries attempted to i
throw him back on the floor, but with !
a swing he flung one of the men who mi
i terfered with him headlong into the saw
■ dust. McCarthy in the meantime was
'■■ keeping out of arm's reach of Neal and
; protecting himself from assault with the
i heavy gavel.
Sympathizers of both men caught the
1 spirit of the affair and rushed to the plat
; form to take a hand in the fight. Dele- I
! gates jumped over chairs and tore each
! other's clothing in a mad effort to join in
the fray.
In the midst of it all the police from
the galleries and the rear of the hall
rushed to the front with drawn clubs.
They were far outnumbered and for a
time while the battle raged the fiercest
it looked as if the bluecoats would be
overpowered, but by a mighty effort they
grabbed Neal just as he had drawn his
revolver and began to bustle him out of
the hall. There was a fierce struggle, but
six of the officers took hold of the bellig
erent and carried him kicking into the
street.
The Mayor at once sent a message to
Chief Lees to hurry all the police he could
spare to the convention hall. From that
time until adjournment the officers were
j almost as numerous as the delegates, but
i there were none too many to preserve the
j peace.
McCarthy tried to brave the crowd when
Neal was removed, but he was hooted off
the stage and took refuge behind the
wings, where he remained In peace until
R. Porter Ashe paid his compliments to
him before the convention; and with the
delegates' permission to address them he
called McCarthy a liar and defied him to
come out of his hiding place and face
him.
This Incident occurred -when the second
futile attempt was made to break the
elate. I^'Wls F. Byington had been placed
in nomination, and R. Porter Ashe was
called for. He also was named as a can
didate, and the delegate who placed him
In nomination asked him to step on the
platform and speak for himself. Ashe
was loaded with an inflammatory speech,
and for a time it looked as thousrh the
Neal-McCarthy turmoil would be re
peated.
"I call for P. H. McCarthy to come out
on this platform and face mo," were
Ashe's first words, but McCarthy failed
to come. Ashe then referred to an article
in an evening paper over McCarthy's sig
nature, and said the writer was a liar and
dared not refute it. Chairman McDonald
attempted to choke off the speaker and
the crowd broke Into a wild yell. A vote
was called for. It was close, and for a
moment the chairman hesitated In giving
his decision. "Treat me fair, chairman;
treat me fair," pleaded Ashe. and he was
allowed to proceed.
Chairman Jasper McDonald called the
convention tn order shortly after 9 o'clock.
As soon as quiet was restored Donzel
Btoney asked the chair for information
about a resolution which he was Interest
ed In, but Chairman McDonald was anx
ious to proceed with the regular order of
business and would not recognize Stoney's
appeal. Grattan D. Phillips then jumped
to his feet and asked that a resolution
pertaining to the Trades Council be read,
and after the secretary had read it It was
unanimously adopted. The resolution
pledged the Democratic candidates to em
ploy union labor.
J." Leo Parks then took the pla.tform and
read the following report of the commit
tee on resolutions:
The resolution submitted hy Mr. Brosnan is
covered by charter provisions and should be
loft to the new rity government in the dis
charge of its duties. We approve, however,
of the recommendation to have as murh pub
lic work as practicable done by day's labor
and that no man or firm have more than one
team employed in city work.
In reference to the resolution concerning the
Sanitary Reduction Works, we beg leave to
report that there Is a suit at present pending
against the holders of the fo-calied Sharon
franchise Involving the matters referred to in
said resolution, and the same has nnt yet
been Judicially determined. Should the de
i isiun of ilie courts be against such franchise.
we pledge "ur nominees to carefully investi
s.".tf> the matter and consider claims of indi
viduals and the public rights*.
The petition of the Mission Business Men's
Association seems to be covered by the pro
visions in the platform as adopted. Our nomi
nees f( r Supervisors are pledged to street Im
provements and the repaying of accepted
streets and the main artery leading to the
county line will certainly < nlist the attention
of our Supervisors when elected
In regard to Mr. Caglierfs resolution pleds
ini; the nominees of this convention against
unjust discrimination in the paving of streets,
we believe that the platform adopted answers
his obiectlon and that it be now resolved as
the sense of this convention that n.> unfair
discrimination be shown in the expenditure of
public moneys.
< 'oncoming the resolutions of Mr. Edelman.
which reads as follows: "Resolved. That we
hereby reaffirm the principles enunciated in
the platform adopted by the Democratic na-
tional convention In IS%, wo recommend
that it be passed. Inasmuch, however, as this
is a municipal convention under the charter
whose principal purpose Is to separate local
from State and national affairs and give the
city home rule, we recommend the resolution
presented by Mr. Denman as expressing the
policy of the Democratic municipal convention:
Whereas, the cardinal principle of the Demo
cratic party is local self-government and It is
of universal application in «very sphere of
political strife; and whereas, attempts to con
found questions of national concern with Issues
that are purely local and municipal tend to
centralization, against which the Democratic
party has always struggled; and whereas,
the new charter, an Instrument for which tha
GAGE IS OPPOSED TO
AN EXTRA SESSION
Is Convinced That Burns Could Not
Win the Senatorship.
The Governor Unburdens Himself and An
nounces That Be Will Not Accept Advice
to Drop the Mexican.
GOVERNOR GAGE has emerged
from an executive session with
himself and putting the gubernato
rial foot firmly down has an
nounced that there shall be no ex
tra session of the Legislature. The chief
reason for this official decision is that his
Excellency would, if possible, make him
self more ridiculous than he Is by calling
the legislators to a session that would be
unwarranted under the law. The sut
sidiary reason is that the Governor wishes
to inflict mild chastisement upon Bums
and show incidentally that the chief ex
ecutive of the State can, with difficulty,
think for himself. This does not mean,
however, that the Mexican has been al
together repudiated. He still has the favor
of Gage and perhaps the commission and
empty honor of a Senatorial appointment.
It was only after laborious deliberation
that Gage made his decision. Then he
conf.ded to some of those that are In his
confidence what he had done. He said
that it was out of the question legally to
call an extra session, and even if it were
possible Burns would gain nothing of
value. The Governor has discovered that
under the constitution he cannot call an
extra session of the Legislature simply
for the purpose of electing a United States
Senator. The call must declare that an
extraordinary emergency hae arisen and
that the welfare of the State demands
immediate legislation. No possible twist-
Ing of motives could make the election of
Dan Burns an element of State welfare
and the extra session will not be called.
There is absolutely nothing in the affairs
of the State upon which Gage can hinge
a call for an extra session.
More than this, the Governor has told
his friemls that he has a personal reason
for not calling the extra session. He is
laboring under an impression that he has
a character to lose and that Burns' dom
ination over him is creating an evil opin
ion of him. "My friends." he said to his
confidants, "are begging me to throw
Burns over. 1 certainly have proved my
loyalty to him, and it Is about time that
I paid a little attention to myself. I think
I need it. and besides Burns knows that
he cannot win the United States Senato*-
ship without me.
"Things have changed in the last year.
Men whom we could control several
months ago are now beyond our reach.
My patronage has all been practically dis
tributed and we have no strings now upon
! Democratic party of San Francisco can claim
i the chief responsibility, aims at making this
Uistinc tion by providing for municipal elections
at tini.-s other than for national elections;
therefore, be it
Resolved, By this, the first Democratic
municipal convention under the new charter
for the city and county of San Francisco, that
; It shall be the policy of the Detnooratle munlcl
pal organization of this city and county to
confine its municipal platorm and the deliber
ations of its municipal conventions to the dis
cussion of the principles of Democracy solely
in so far as they apply to municipal affairs.
Thomas Brosnan marched boldly up to
j the platform and asked to be heard. When
recognized by the chair he started to
speaK, but the gallery and lobby Invited
him to ascend the platform. He started
to climb over the footlights, and his action
aroused an uproar of laughter among the
j spectators, which continued during the
I time Brosnan occupied the stage. He
I peacefully folded his arms, smiled benevo
lently on "his audience and in a rich brogue
said, "Gintlemin." That was as far as he
got for the time being, as the cheering
and laughter were incessant. Delegate
Coffey tried to cut Brosnan off with a
point of order by saying that the resolu
: tion which Brosnan was trying to present
to the convention had been referred to its
proper committee. Chairman McDonald
sustained the point, but Brosnan refused
to retreat until he had had his say. J. Leo
Park, seeing that a speech from the re-
I calcitrant delegate was inevitable, moved
that the order of business be dispensed
with and this motion prevailed.' Attorney
Van "Wycke, who had been recognized by
' the chair, gracefully yielded to the mem
! ber from the Twenty-ninth District. In
i involved sentences Brosnan attempted to
tell of his search for the committee. He
told of his visit to the California Hotel
' and of his subsequent attempt to meet
! Mayor Phelan. Cheers greeted the speak
er every time he opened his mouth, and he
blushed like a schoolgirl. He said he met
the Mayor in a restaurant and he told
him something, but what it was was lost
' in the shouts of laughter that greeted his
! pathetic efforts to be understood. A few
I more points of order were made, but no
I ruling of the chair would budge Mr. Bros
i nan and two husky sergeants-at-arms
j had to forcibly escort ht.m off the stage.
i Delegate Van Wyek was next to be
; heard, but the crowd was in such good
humor that it had fun with him.
Van Wycke called attention to the fact
I that the resolution had two meanings
: and straddled the question ns to whether
' th? convention should adopt the Chicago
platform of 1896. He aroused applause by
saying he voted for Bryan and asked
i that there be no two ways about it, but
that the convention should adopt it in a
manly way. Delegate Denman was in
favor of adopting the resolutions as a
whole. He said he was a member of
the committee and then went on to ex-
I plain the resolutions.
I ClitU3 Barbour was next recognized
the men we held In line before. lam con
vinced that Burns cannot now control the
votes he had at the late session of the
Legislature, and he would make a sorry
figure of himself at an extra session.
"But still 1 have not yet decided to
throw Burns overboard. He is a heavy
weight for me to carry, and if I were to
follow the advice of my friends from the
south I would discard him. 1 have given
more perhaps than he deserves and I
will not call an extra Besslon for him."
"But what arc you going to do?" asked
the Governor's confidants.
"I am going to wait until the opening of
Congress," was Gage's reply. * r I believe
that Matt Quay will be seated, and when
he is Burns' path will be clear. I intend
to appoint him formally just before the
opening of Congress and then he must let
events take their course. I would ap
point him now, only I am tired of the
howls that have been raised against my
administration and don't want any more."
Gage also left the Impression from his
conversation that Burns already had the
commission and was simply waiting for
an opportune time to spring It upon the
public. There should not be any great
congratulation over the announced plans
of the Governor. He has the remarkable
faculty of changing his mind wn v the
same facility that a weather vane moves
to the wind, and what he thinks to-day
may not be what he thinks to-morrow.
BURNS SAYS OTHERWISE.
Assures His Friends That a
bession Will Be Called.
D. M. Burns talks on the quiet to mem
| bers of the Legislature as if the pro
gramme for an extra session is certain to
be carried out. Last week the Mexican
had an extended interview with a promi
nent member of the Legislature. The
lawmaker, after listening for some time
and perceiving that the Mexican was
taking soundings, decided to call up the
main question. Accordingly he asked,
"Will there be an extra session?" The
colonel promptly replied, "Yes." After
reflecting for a moment he added, "I am
informed that Governor Gage is in favor
of calling the members together in special
session."
Burns was asked by the inquisitive leg
islator if the people favored the extra
session. The Mexican was not at a loss
for a reply. He said the people in some
sections of the State were very anxious
that river Improvement and reclamation
work should be carried on, but that legis
lation was necessary to further progress.
Warming up to the subject, the colonel
gave his views on appropriations and the
tax levy, intimating that the extra ses
sion might reduce the tax levy. He re
marked that the tax levy bill which was
passed at the regular session contem
plated the payment of all the appropria
tions allowed by the Legislature, but
claimed that the levy was excessive, as
the Governor had retired many of the
bills which passed both houses, and there
fore it would not be necessary to raise as
much money as the tax levy contemplated.
The member of the Legislature to whom
the argument was addressed knew that
the colonel was floundering, but did not
go to his rescue. The legislator was fa
miliar with the fact that the revenue bill
which passed both houses directed the
State Board of Kqualization to levy a tax
sufficient to raise a certain amount of
money for the several funds for each
fiscal year and that the extra session
could not tamper with the levy after the
State Board had lixed the rate and the
valuation.
The member of the Legislature, who
had listened without saying much to
the gilt-lined palaver of the Mexican,
finally plumped the question, "How much
notice will you give us of the session,
bo we can fix our affairs to go to Sacra
mento?"
Speaking* of the time limit, the colonel
reminded his small but intelligent audi
ence that Governor Stoneman once con
vened an extra session in this State on
three days' notice to the members and
that Governor Roosevelt of New York in
a recent call for an extra gathering of
the lawmakers of that State allowed only
three days for preparation. The Mexican,
however, fancied that Governor Gage
would be more considerate and allow
more extended notice of the proposed
event. The colonel bluntly said, "We will
give you fellows a week's time to get
ready."
Becoming enamored of his own voice,
the colonel proceeded to touch upon topics
pertaining to the Senatorship, and epoke
of President MeKinley's regret that Cali
fornia had not chosen a Senator to suc
ceed Mr. White. The Mexican professed
to have information to the effect that
! Senator Carter was authorized to Bpeak
I for the President and that the Montana
Senator was strongly In favor of an extra
session. According to Burns' view of the
situation. Carter had succeeded in recon
ciling many of the elements which had
been antagonistic to an extra session of
the Legislature.
I and ascended the platform. His small
j stature and statesmanlike way of hold
' ing his right arm in his bosom was an
incentive to the gallery and lobby to have
fun with him. What he said was not
heard by the delegates, but Barbour
i would not withdraw. Matthew Kelleher
■ of the Thirty-fourth District jumped out
j of his seat and yelled that he hoped the
I chairman would preserve order and fol
lowed this up with the statement that
' "we ought to have the Governor down
here to investigate this matter." This
wild remark delivered by the delegate
| started the boisterous laughter again.
| Barbour in trying to continue yelled:
"You can't rattle me, boys," and a man
in the lobby yelled, "Go ahead, Dewey."
Despite the fact thr.t points of order and
the noise kept Chairman McDonald in a
fever heat, rapping for order and trying
Ito answer Questions on the advice or
Barbour and Secretary Hlckey, the
speaker continued, his remarks being
punctuated with shouts and cheers: "Wo
j are told very correctly ( •Hurray') — I am
beginning to think I am in a Democratic
convention. ('Hurray.') In the lan
guage of Colonel Burns ('Hurray') the
situation Is beautiful. ('Hurray/) The
Republican candidate for Mayor told his
constituents last night that the election
this fall would have an influence on the
election that would take place next
year." Cries of "Hurray" and "Sit down"
I greeted this announcement and when a
delegate rose to a point of order the ex
cited speaker inelegantly invited him to
sit on it. Seeing that he could not pro
ceed, Barbour retired to his seat. The
| previous question being called for, the
j motion to adopt the resolutions was put
and they were adopted.
Chairman McDonald then announced to
the convention that Mayor Phelan was
ready to address the delegates, and amid
the cheers of his constituents the Mayor
took the stage and with great rapidity
said:
"Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
Convention: I am not here now to make
a speech as you have Important work be
fore you and the only thing that is in my
mind is simply to return thanks for the
honor, the very great honor, which you
have conferred upon me. (Applause.) I
am not unaware of a series of campaigns
that led to the formation of the conven
tion. You come from the people more
than any convention within the recollec
tion of the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco. There were times when the author
ity of the Democratic convention was dt>:
puted—aye. conventions which met in this
very hall— but you went on about your
business and by your example reassured
the people that your work should be the
measure by which you should be judged,
and as this convention was evolved by
the primary election no man need dare
say that you do not represent the Demo
Continued on Page Thirtwn.
78
THE TRANSPORT
WHARF IS NOW
BARE OF SHIPS
A Number of Vessels
Daily Expected.
— ♦ —
ASHORE ON A ROCKY COAST
» .
THE ESCAPE OF THE CHARLES
L. WOODBURY.
»
Some Anxiety Over the Steamer Dis
covery — The Lightship Will
Be on the Bar To-Morrow.
Water Front Notes.
port at the < fov
:it wharf yesterday. The departure
, Cltj of Para and Valen
is tiling in slight, Liut
I ,:• r fl< ' I r ady In a short
i la In now loading at Har
: illast tanks an.- being
pumped ou( and railroad irmi put In. As
. the T:mks are filled rhe will £•> t' l
■ wharf arid take on b^ti
i ::i! BUpplii B. . 18 at Fol
-9 arc being
ti week ix 1
■ ■
p at the Union Iron
the 20th i.nsi. before
■:. The I.i elanaw Is still
on thi epalrs will re
a month for completion.
Th( are all the transports in port. The
Pennsylvania and Tartar are now due
from Manila; and the City of Peking will
be turned Into a troop ship again as soon
as her Oriental cargo is discharged. She
and the Hancock, carrying two regiments
of soldiers, will probably get away about
the 23(1 st. The Newport is now out
thirty days from -Manila. No report has
come from her since she sailed, but as
she made her last run here in twenty
nine days she should arrive* any time now.
She has the signal corps aboard, while
the Pennsylvania has the Washington and
the Tartar the Kansas boys.
• - ice should reach
i • few days. < '■ilonei
= : ■ giment is i
i a great many time-expired
re coming up on the
luxlliary cruiser Badger
ivy yard yesterday. sh«
\\i:l I •■ overhauled and will then join the
ilanl . i :.'... A numl
■ from Australia
... d .; oth< : p eek will see the
.:. aa busy as ever.
A jfreat many stowaway:-; liuve succeed
ed in get tiny away on the different trans
ports and every day there is oiu» or more
weeping tpother down at the wharf look-
Jr.s for a missing son. As the ZcaJandia
w,;h moving away from the wharf Thurs
day evening one young follow clambered
over tli<: side, lie was not more than IS
ur 20 years old. but . -••m.rd to have plen
ty of frl'iKis imong the- soldiers. AflH
. i the
next rno:nf!ii the men Ikwl him aboard,
1.. W. Simmons i.i 270." l • Mission street
ms at the transport wharf yesterday
looking for bis son Dee. The lad is 15
years old and wants«to b«- a soldier. The
father thinks he has either gone away on
one of the transports .- will make the
attempt; so he wants the Government em
ployes to keep a bright lookout for him.
The schooner Charles Levl Woodbury,
which arrived from Kodlak ■ --.. • day
with ninety-nine barrels of salmon, had
a narrow escape from total destruction
on the Alaskan coast. During a storm
tlio was driven ashore and it was only
after some hard work that Captain Faf
man and his crew grot her off. Then she
proved to be In very t«ul shape and leak
ing. It was only by working night and
day that the crew succeeded In keeping
her afloat until they reached Sand i'olnt,
where she was beached. An examination
showed the hull to be badly injured. A
lartje portion of the keel was gone and
the planking w.s . aten into by the rocks,
In Bomo places a? deep as tour Inches.
The tide did not run out far enough to
permit of 1 1 pairs being made and I lap
tain Fa I man v.-. about to abandon the
schooner when she little steamer Kodat
hove In sitrht. .-aji arrangement was en
tered Into and the Kodat towed the Wood
bury to Wood L'Tland, where she was
fixed up in such shape as to be able to
r<-smne her journey. On the way down
she till leaked a little and e'verv now
and then the crerw had to take a spell at
the pumps in order to keep the water
down. The "Woodhury will go on the dry
dock as soon ... she Is discharged.
There is some anxiety over the little
steamer Discovery, now overdue at Beat
tle. ■ : 'i' 1 was caught in the storm of Sep
tember 10-n that did so much damage on
the Alaskan coast, and her passengers
and crew never expected she would live
through. Dr. Stone, who arrived here on
the Thetis, was aboard the Discovery,
and be says he never experienced such
weather. For twenty-four hours he was
hanging with might and main to a stan
chion, and when Dutch Harbor was
reached he left the vessel with a sigh of
relief. The revenue cutter was without
ii surgeon, and the officers were as glad
of Dr. Stone's company as he was of the
chance to !_"»t to San Francisco Tho
doctor expected to hear that the Discov
ery was on the Sound, but her arrival
has not been reported, so he is growing
anxious.
The Postal Telegraph Company blames
the raft for the breaking of its cable
across the bay. The towing chain of the
big derelict was dragging along the bot
tom, and it is supposed to have parted
the cable. It will cost about $1000 to re
pair the break and the cable company
will expect the owners of the raft to pay
that amount.
The repairs to lightship 70 are com
pleted, and to-day her compasses will be
adjusted on the bay. On Sunday she will
go out to her station on the bar and the
Madrono will come In.
The steamer South Portland Is being
fitted up for the coast service again She
has been in Oakland Creek for a year
but vessels for the wheat trade are now
in demand, so the South Portland is
going into commission again. Some work
•was done on her at the Fulton Iron
■Works, but after the boilermakers 1 strike
she was moved to the Union Iron Works
She is now on the drydock being cleaned
and painted.
The whaler Andrew Hicks is reported to
have taken five whales in the Okhotsk
Sea.
San Luis Obispo Election Void.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied th^
writ of mandate applied for by the city
of San L,ui.s Obispo and others to compel
A I. Fitzgerald, City Treasurer, to ac
from J. l>. Harris the purchase
money of certain bonds and to Issue the
bonds. The grounds of the denial con-
Blrtted chiefly in the court holding that
the election blanks were not printed ac
cordlng to tho form promised in a city
ordinance.
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK.
;t
§ THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY
£ Season 18991900. Now Being Compiled.
jo*
to The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed
x> on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Pega-
g mold" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front
£ cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will bo entirely changed, ow-
£ ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad-
■jo dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the"
to names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with
)° their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and
■° Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents.
o and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be
jo permanently located for the, winter.
to Address all changes to
g CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher,
Jo 225 Pest Street. San Francisco.
£ Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street.
SHIP PYTHOMENE STORM-TOSSED OFF CAPE HORN.
THE British ship Pythomene, now discharging at Selby's, had a very rough voyage to this port. She left New
on-Tyne October 1 and made lair weather of it to the Horn. <>n May S and 1" a storm was encountered
that carried away a number of th sails, sprung the main topmast and tore out the cranes of the lower topsail
yard. An attempt was mad- to put into the Falkland Islands, but it failed, so the captain ran for Montevideo.
Repairs were made at that port, and on .June 24 the vessel Bailed again. On September 3 she was caught In another
storm, which started the bulwark stanchions and carried away the main toiamast backstay and chain nlates.
PROGRESS IN REAL ESTATE.
THERE is a de< ld< dly ch< erful feel
ing prevailing among dealers i. i
■ ' ft mar
ket Is ample justification for this
•• . less. Everything points to
an unusually prosperous fall season.
Th< re is a growing Inquiry for g 1 In
ment properties, and a number of big
sales are now being negotiated. During
the last week several sale: have been
made representing many thousands of
dollars, in addition to a large number of.
smaller i nes. The property on the south
r of Post and .Tones Bti
owned by the Wickersham estate, has
been sold for $27,000, and the Hermann
rty on the corner of Fourth and Mls-
I for something
in the neighborhood of $65,000 or }~
but the deeds have not been recorded,
and the names of the purchasers are be
ing withheld until the examination of the
.mpieted.
Yon Rhein i* Co. recently sold at public
n the property on the northeast cor
■ SI kton ami I'.<st streets. 80x46:5,
bi Longing t i the estate of the late James
■ - $67,500, t.i D. L. Randolph.
The sale was made subject to the ap
proval of the executors and the probate
court. The executors were dissatisfied
with the price obtained, and negotiations
were continued, with the result that Yon
Kh. In & Co. have obtained a bid from At
.• Arthur Rodgera of $72,500, which
will bi submitted to the proi ite c urt for
approval. It Is likely that the bid will bt
acc< pt
The Real Estate Circular, published by
Thomas Magee <t Sons, says:
The decided change for the better that ■••■•■
have been looking tor in the real estate mar
ket with the advent of the fall season scorns
to have set In. Some five large Bales of
business properties have been made, and three
or four others are close to consummation from
offers already made. Dozens of buyers have
for a long time been on the point of buying,
but the long dullness and the fact that the
crowd was not buying kept them back. At
present it seems likely that there will be a
movement along the whole line, both of first
and second class business properties, and of first
and second class dwelling real estate. Good
times ore upon us, both in commercial busi
ness and among mechanics and laborers. As
one of ciur oldest builders said to us last
month, every man who wants to work can now
easily got work.
The total number of sales made In August
was 228, of the value Of $1.310. the number
of ulei recorded In September as 239, ag
gregating $976,841. Far more Bales were made
In September than in August, but the tit!.
are still under examination, they therefore
havo net yet 1 een recorded.
O. H. Urabßen & Co.'s Real Estate Rec
ord says:
Business property la much In demand. The
very choice locations are, however, ho strongly
held that investors are commencing to extend
their views and realty Is now nought which a
few months ago was only regarded as an alter
native. As was to be expected September shows
a healthy Increase in the volume of business
over August. The greatest Increase In the
amount of purchases has been In the Western
Addition, where the sales have me up from
$288,214 to $462,000. Mission property bus also
been more sought after, the transactions in that
district having increased from $43,575 to $134,400,
while the 100-vara district hag slightly im
proved. The records for September show a. fall
ing off in Investments in the 50-vara district,
but several transactions have been consum
mated, but not yet filed, which will bring up
the amount during the present month. The
outlook for the remainder of the autumn Is
promising, and If the hoped for rains fall this
winter a permanent market may be anticipated
next spring.
The excess of loans over repayments during
last month was £210,64!. Nearly half of this
gain was made by Individuals and the Illbernla
Hank. In the case of the first named it was
$00,482 and in the Instance of the savings in
stitution it was $42,171. Among other banks
which showed an excess of mortgages over re
leases were the Savings Union, the Savings
and Loan Society, the Security and the French
banks. Among the larger Institutions the Or
man Bank recorded 18723 more in repayments
than In loans.
The same publication has the following:
A rapid change la taking place In the char
acter Of the building* south of Murk street
and east of Third struct. Mom heavy build-
Ing Is going i D there now than In any part
of this city or In that section for several
years. The construction of the Wei . i\r<
& Co. building, on the south corner "of
Second and Mission streets, and the location
of the Kanta Fo freight terminal depot In that
district have given it an impulse which prom
ises to continue for years to come. A walk
around the neighborhood will show buildings
of the best class going up on a!! sides. Among
them are the Ploss business block, on the
south corner of Mission and Fremont streets l ,
which will, be n substantial and handsome
structure: the Christian Froelich building, on
the northwest corner of Second and Mission;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
the Dow five-story brick structure, on the
Nati m i Btreet, n>-<ir First ;
• _ a &ve-Btory brick, on the
■ . . : the .!. B.
n & Son five-story . an.!
a southwest Second
Stevenson; the Mc-Laughlin block, on the
■ Mission street, n-'ar New
Montgomery, which will lie six suries In
and ii" Kentfleld brick and stone con
tlon, on the west side of Beale street.
between Howard ;l:>>1 Folsom. This 1« In
itself a great showing for the growth and
- ol thi ; pan ot the. city, an<i l* prob
ably only the commencement of the thorough
:: • that section of San Fran
flve or ten yeurs.
G. M. LJmbsen A: Co, report the follow
sales: For the Wooster estate
to Robert Dickenson, lot 80x160, 742. 744
and "4»; Mission street; terms private.
Louis Friedlander, 1483-85 <>ak Btreet, two
: g for $60 per month; lot 'A>\
rl< • $6750. v. Peiper to Mrs. A.
•r, two Ilats on the south sido of
Beulah street, 100 feet north of Cole; lot
' . price %(&tfj. M. Ihnen and
wife to Daniel Ulanninl, two cottages on
the northeast corner of Pacific and Jones
streets, 43x60, renting for $33 per month; j
price $3500. For the Oaks •-state lot 23x
120, 1219 Geary street, south side; front
and rear house renting for W0; price (6600.
John Fisher to L. M. Hoefler, north Bide
of Greenwich street, 100 feet west of Bar
ker; lot 83:i>%x137:6; terma private
Abrams estate to Daniel O'Toole, double
c«, 888-40 McAllister street, 87:6x100;
rents $65; price $&00. Cottage 1960 Baker
Btreet; lot l!.'i:t;xli)2, between Sacramento
and Clay streets, for the Lord estate to
W. A. Field; $3350. M. Hartman to C. Bay
fuss, 2124 Post street, 25x137:6, $6250. Es
tate of CTLeary to A. Mclntyre, northeast
Jones Btreet ami Cottage place,
1 etwi n Geary and Post streets, tw<> bay
window houses and cottage, renting for
'■■■■•. price $12,500; lot -i ". Lot 44:4x100,
northeast corner of Bhrader and Fred
ptreets, $3900.
Sophia P. tiaight lias sold to Carrie A.
Brnnnan the old building and lot 60x77:6
feet "'.i the northeast corner of Bush and
int bi reets for $8 "i*V
Frederick C. Janssen has bought of:
On cc M. Koch the Improvements and iot
:»'t on the southeast line "f Mis- '
17S :• i t northeast of Sixth, on
private terms.
The old improvements and lot 27:'>x*r,
feet on the northwest line of Harrison
street, W7;6 feet northeast of Sixth, have
been Bold by Adulph C. Weber to Louis
Reiner for $3
Easton, Eldridge & Co. held a regular
catalogue salt of rity property on Octo
ber 3 at which the following places were
disposed of; Southwest corner (Xos. 29
to 35) Beideman and O'Farrell streets, lot
15x60 feet, with four Mats, $44.".. »; north
east Bide r.Nos. 3 and .''••> Harriet street
outheast of Howard, lot 25x75
f>et, with tw.i houses. $2675; ••ast line
(Nos. 1210 and 1212) Steinc-r Btreet, b/:6
feel north of Turk, 'lot 25x87:6 feet, with
large Btore and flat, $3200, subject to ap
proval; west line (No. 303) * ' ■ ■ n T r i ! ave
-25:6 ft north of Page street lot
22x90:3 feet, with residence, $3750; south
west corner of Twenty-third .nd Ala
bama streets, lot 2fix7i feet, with Btore
and flat. $2050; northeast corner of Cen
tral avenui and Waller street, vacant lot,
subject to approval; north i
line of Twenty-first street. 7.". feet east ■
of Alabama, building lot, 25x104 feet, $7:'."..
(J. H. Ctnbsen <<• Co. announce an auc
tion of Invi stment, residence and unim
proved property to be held at their sales
room, i: Montgomery street, on Monday
October 9, at noon. The offering Includes
property at 935 and OT, 1 " Guerrero street
mar Twenty-second, to be sold by order
of administrator: an executor's 'sale of
property at mi. 1413 and 1415 Hush street;
the southeast corner of Drumm and c'om
!r.';-ri;ii streets, to close an t-^tat"; prop
erty at 225 Scott street, m-ar Hniglu:
■ Golden Gate avenue, near Pierce i
Btreet; flats facing the park at 533 and ;■>,;
Fri derli k strei t; property at 413 Twenty
seventh street, near Church, and at 420
Twenty-seventh street, close by, and six'
building nts to ho pnid by order of cxc- I
< utor on the south side o f Twenty-seventh
street, between Sanchez and Noe streets
In whole or in subdivisions. This is a
varied list uf property and the sale should
be an attractive one.
The grosa nssets and liabilities, of the 161
building and loan associations in this.
.-' it< reporting to the commissioners for
188!) were. $20,283,454 24, or $486,772 48 l*>sg
than those of the 14S association:* report
ing for ISDB. The- net profits for 1899 were
$1,245,782 29. This. Is 7.23 per cent of the
average amount of loans in force for th*
equal to 0.7."i per cent of the averaif
capital, including the profits apportioned
and >;.n per cent of the average total as
sets ut the .ear. Of the 151 associations
thirty-live do not nnpertr to be possessed
of any real estate, leaving llfi associations
with real estate holdings amounting to
$2,151,466 13, a gain of $.%!t,840 "2 over those
of IS9S, an average increase of $3300 CS to
• ach of the societies.
Only eight building contracts, of a value
of $31,560, have been recorded durlnp the
past week. The largest contract was that
of Robert 1.. Coleman with Malohey
Brothers, for the erection of a three-story
building "ii the southeast corner of Third
and J( ts, this particular contract
being for $14,390, but the building will cost
much more. The next largest was that of
J. Parker Currier with J. H. Moore for a
two-Story frame building on the north line
of Clay street, 137:fl feet west of Locust,
I Bi $6460. Ferdinand Rust contracted
with J. P. Hlnrichs for the erection of a
two-story frame building, to contain two
flats, on the northwest corner of Tenth
and Harrison streets, to cost $3384. Louis
Rosenberg lot a contract to Louis Oereg
hino to build a cottage and barn on the
smith line nf (Jrernwich street. 179:6 feet
.ast Of Polk --Meet, to cost (2400. The
] other contracts of t he week ranged in
| value from $1197 to $2220.
The published transcripts of building
contracts recorded for the month of Sep
tember shows the volume of such busi
ness for the month to have been as fol
lows: San Francisco. $39.'>,395; Alameda
! County, $.vj.!>7:i; Marin County, (8049: Santa
Clara County, $41,771; San Mateo County
$?.702; total, $*»01.rt73. The actual figures,
taking all unrecorded work, would, of
course, be in excess of this.
The loans of the local savings banks,
building associations and private eapltal
; lsta upon city real estate for the week
ending September 30 aggregated $1G7.250,
j against $275,020 for the previous week. The
loans of the snvlnprs banks amounted to
$129,020, and were as follows: Htbernla,
$89,770; German. $27,700; San Francisoo Sav
ings Union, $2000; Savings and Loan, S2SOU;
Humboldt, $2800; Mutual, $11,750: Colnm
bua $1000, Union Trust Company, slsoo. The
building associations loaned $7300 and pri
vate rapkallsts and others loaned $
One of the loans of th" Hlbernia Hank
was $22,000, anrl two of $12,000 each, and the
German Pavings one of $10,000; otherwise
the loans were for small amounts, and the
demand light at »; to 7 per cent for all
classes. Releases for the week were $133,
--390, against $336,430 In the previous week.
liming the month of. September the total
number of mortgages recorded was 337, of
the value of 11,104,202, and 2"7 releases were
recorded, of the value of $893,559. The 11!
--bernia Hank last month loaned $467,196 and
released $415,025. The German H.tnk loaned
$110,226 ;iiid released $118,950. The Kan Fran
clsco Savings Union loaned $28,760 and re
leased $17,860. Private Individuals 3ii<l
others loaned $329,231 and released $275,994.
For the firsi nine monts hot 1899 the total
loans upon local real estate were $9,673,145,
of which the savings hanks loaned $7,073.
--870, building associations $385,015 and pri
vate capitalists and others $2,212,260. The
total loans for the first nine months of
jv^n were $9,369,210, rind for the same period j
in 1897 they were $10,966,320. The total re
leases for the first nine months of IM9
were $9.590,G89, against $8,381 ,£O6 for the cor
responding period in £898 and $K,40u,0G7 for
the same time In 1897.
SUTRO RAILROAD IS
NOW ON THE MARKET
ORDER FOR ITS SALE HAS
BEEN ISSUED.
Real Estate and Personal Property
Will Also Be Disposed Of In
Order That Debts May
Be Liquidated.
JuilK' <\iffVY has made an order allow
ing the • x< cut< rs of the estate of the late
Adolph Sutro to sell real and personal
property of the estate valued at over $1.
--lay morning Mrs. Emma L.
Merritt and \V. R. 11. Adamson, execu
tors, accompanied by counsel. Ft. n. Lloyd
and J. i". McKlnstry. appeared before
Judge Coffey ;:nd asked that the order be
made. The petition filo.l s>-t forth that
the personal property that had come Into
the hands of the executors was vaiut-1 at
$315,000, ami that th" debts at the present
time amount to over $700,000. I. pave to sell
21,810 shares of the capital stock of the
Sutro Railroad Company, together with
th<- right of way, rolling Btock and all ap
purtenances belonging to the estate con
nected with the railroad, was granted:
also, permission to soli estate lands, In
cluding th<- terminus of the railroad,
beach lands and properties in outside
counties, was also ;isk.-d. Judg.- Coffey
Inquired as to whether or not a Mil bad
yet been received, but the attorneys an
swered that negotiations were still' pend
ing. Judge Coney then made the order,;
and In the near future, when the court Is*
called upon to confirm the pale of the j
property, the price paid ami to whom the '
property is sold Will be mad.' public.
GOLDEN JUBILEE AT
ST. FRANCIS CHURCH
Solemn Services to Be Held in the
Well-Known Catholic Church
To-Morrow.
Tho feast of St. Francis of Assisi will he '
celebrated the solemn rites in the church .
of that saint, on Vallejo street and Mont- 1
gomery avenue, to-morrow. On Wednes
<3ay last the golden jubilee services which
are to be observed to-morrow were Inau
gurated by three days of prayer. On that
evening Rev. Father Filbert, O. F. M., de
livered an interesting sermon in which he
devoted himself to a consideration of the
patron saint of the church and the parish.
The following night Father Newell occu
pied the pulpit and spoke on "The <"hurch :
and Society, ' and last evening Father
Rp.mm spoke on "The Mission and the!
Catholic Laity."
The Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast. V. 0.,
will deliver a sermon at the solemn high
mass which is 10 be held at 10:30 a. m.
His subject will lie "The Golden Jubiloe
of St. Francis." Rev. Father Sasia, S. J., I
! will occupy the pulpit in the evening, and '
i will Bpeak on •'The Catholic Church, God's ;
I Masterpiece on Earth."
In th" morning; the music will be ex
ceptionally fine. The "Kyrie," "Gloria."
"Sanctus" and "Agnus Del" of Haydn's
"Mass No. 2" will be sung; the "Credo'
, from "Mass No. I," and the "Uenedlctus" ,
; from Yon Weber's 'Mass in E flat" will :
■be rendered by an augmented choir. Miss
Maud Fay will sing Wiegand's "O Salu
taris," with violin obligato by Miss Clo
, tilde Dwiin. The soloists will l>e: Bo
pranos, Mrs. B. F. Sides and Mi?s Agnes
Devlin; contraltos, Miss Valorton, Miss
Margaret Brougham and Mrs. John
Sheerin; tenors, Thomai Walsh. L. Ander
son and T. Hlllard; bassos, J. C. Wood
| bridge ami Mr. Lane. The chorus will
I consist ot lift y voices.
In the evening Lejeal's solemn vespers
will be sung with Miss I.illie Roedcr. Miss
Walsh, Mrs. A. B. Collins and Mips Ella
; McCloskey as soprano soloist 0 -, Messrs.
Walsh and Millard. tenor soloists, and J.
c. Woodbridffe. basso. Professor O. W.
Van Brunt will preside at the organ.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Emily M. Danby has sued Solomon I.
Danby for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action. Suits for
divorce on the ground of cruelty have
been filed by Kmeline S. Morton against
Percival B. Morton: Josephine Peterson
against Carl E. Peterson, and Maud Fet
ter against Frank C. Fetter.
"Kolth's": Wo have got rid of the cat
and the water and are ourselves again.
Nrw patterns; Eastern. It is well for all
to keep an eye on our window, as just at
present we are furnishing lots of novel
ties. Madame Alma E. Keith, SOS Murket
street, Phelan building. •
HIGHBINDER WAR
IN SAN JOSE
Thirty Shots Fired but
No One Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Oct. C— Another highbinder
battle was fought on Sixth street, China
town, at noon to-day between the war
ring Hip Sing a::d Young Wall tongs.
Over thirty shots wore tired, and abuut
a dozen Celestials, evenly divided, partici
pated. No one was* hit, but there were
several narrow escapes. These shooting
scrapes break out spasmodically about
once a month.
It is said to-day's battle resulted from
an attempt of Young Wan highbinders to
assassinate Charley Sing, a member of
the r:vai company. Three arrests were
made. Charley Sing and Sing Duck,
members of the Hip Sing Society, have
been arrested on a charge of assault to
murder. Sing Duck of the Young Wahs
was also tailed. Other warrants have
been issued.
The Chinatown in this city Is becoming
notorious; for its lawlessness, and a
couple of weeks ago the Chinese Consul
at San Francisco appealed to Mayor Mar
tin to preserve order among his subjects.
(if late many hatchet men from San Fran
cisco, and other towns have gathered here,
and many shooting scrapes and ab
ductions of Chinese women have resulted.
Yesterday Chief of Police Kidward
called a meeting of the Chinese merchants
and warned them that they must see that
order Is preserved In their quarter. He
has also given strict orders that gambling
of all kinds among the Chinese must
cease.
DEATH OF THOMAS WILLIAMS.
Was the Oldest Odd Fellow in Santa
Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6.— Thorn;;* Williams, a
'<9er and the oldest Odd Fellow in Santa
Clara County, Is dead. He was a native
of New York and 73 years of age. After
following mining for a couple of years he
came to San Jose In 1801 and with his
brother established a soda water works.
Deceased was an Exempt Fireman, a
member of the Pioneer Society and the
Odd Fellows, having been a member of
the latter organization for over a half
C« ntury. Three grown children, Edward,
Alfred and Jane Williams, survive him.
The funeral will take place Sunday.
Sues the Railroad.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. «.— ln the Superior
Court to-day Mrs. Harriet Carr brought
i suit against the Southern Pacific t.'om
, pany to recover $40,000 damages for In
juries to herself and the death of her son.
! The two were in a buggy at WatsonMlle
. when a locomotive ran into it. Mrs.
(:trr was seriously injuried and her boh
lulled.
Board of Pharmacy.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.-The State
Board of Pharmacy adjourned Its sitting
here to-day. Sixteen applications for
diplomas were presented to the board
here. The board will meet in San Fran
cisco next week, when diplomas will be
issuted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Xjo 9?frs. ZPinkham,
<£ynn, 7/fass.
[LETTER TO 11*5. rINKIfAM NO. 41,207]
" Dear FiiiF.xi) — A year ago I was a
great sufferer from female weakness.
My head ached all the time and I would
get so dizzy and have that all gone
feeling in the stomach and was so
nervous and restless that I did not
know what to do with myself.
" My food did me no good and I had a
bad case of whites. I wrote to you and
after taking 1 Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound as directed, I can
truly say that I feel like a new woman
and cannot tell you how grateful I am
to you.
"I have recommended it to all my
friends and have given it to my
daughter •ho is now getting along
splendidly. May you live many years
to help our suffering' sisters." — Mrs. C.
Carpexteb, 253 Grand St., Brooklyn,
N. Y.
Over eighty thousand
such letters as this were re-
ceived by Mrs. Pinkham
during 1897. Surely this is
strong proof of her ability
to help suffering women.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested in subscribing
to the Eugene Field' Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions ns low as Jl will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Hook contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
■ The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the lnte Eugene Field
and the Fund for the bulldlne of n mnnu-
■ ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT ) IR FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.'
(Also at Book Stores.)
It you also wish to send postage, enclose
. 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is inserted as
our Contribution.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,!
DR. METERS & CO. have tn? largest pric-S
tlce and best equipped medical institution %
on the Pacific Coast. Established IT years. M
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office ■
or by mall. All letters confidential. j
731 Market St., San Francisco. 9
6 visit OR JORDAN'S great j
OF ANATOMY
i £} 1051 :T. 6'.ii?.h. S.F.C;I. i
\ Si The Largrkt Anatomical Museum in the \
V yKS 599 *li*?ase po«»lti»«»ly cnrtid hy jhr old-st \
9 #R«?3! Specialism the Co«il Est 36 yeai» O
4 j«]Bf J DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES C
\ fWW&M T Consultation free »nd strirtly prlrate \
S J»t2 H Trt " mrnt P"»"-->"y o» 1-y Iruer. A A
\kW Till '*••"« C^»»" every ease undertaken. f
iHjf id " ':■'. -; : Boole. PI!!! USDI'UI ot i
•ii I" »4nlll*BE. MAILED FKEB. (A f
h « (1 valuable book for men) * \
9 OK. JOBDAS * CO.. 1061 Market St., 8. F. f
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No. 2. M. I. S. To No. 2.
I have given personal inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
Bust say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. 11. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. i. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how lorg standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients have been for years forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All ca«es of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor and
vitality. It i-s no siimular.t. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure auy case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from me system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above, M. I . S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spin.il Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
FfflTf^ h^-tH RGB absolutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
ffcJijj 3L_ ' IrC^ heart. If you are suffering from any chronic disease you are urged to
EaSl lE* &al writetous.no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines yon
a BED SKI hare tried without relief. WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
BM " HtH That you may judge of the value of the Great Specific for yourself,
we will s-ud you one large case by mail FREE, only asking that
whan cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. £. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBiA_THEATER.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MODJESKA.
' Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD
And a Company of Players.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
TO-NlGrtT— "MACBETH."
"ftatftSß?' October 8. |
H<&T£L 10PVX T^RW
THE GREAT MUSICAL FARCE.
' Eddie Foy. Josle de Witt and Others.
Special Comedy Season Prices— SI.VTSc, 50c & 25c. :
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. OCT. 7.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
HAWAIIAN QUEENS.
FOREST AND KING.
FELIX MORRIS & CO.
JENNIE YEAMANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN.
SEYMOUR AND DUPREE.
TERRY AND LAMBERT.
STINSON AND MORTON.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. l
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON. i
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2 p. m.
...THE MIKADO.,.
"Mikado" Last Time Sunday Night.
Superb Presentation of
. . . CAR/V\EIN . . .
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
next -w-eek:-
-"ERNANI" AND "SATANELLA." J
Tuesday Evening, Monster Verdi Bill in Honor
of the Birthday of the Famous Composer.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. I^ "
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
THIS EVENING AND TO-MORROW AF-
TERNOON (SUNDAY), AT 1:30 O'CLOCK,
LAST TIMES OF
BEN HENDRICKS
"A yenuine'yentleman."
SUNDAY NIGHT, OCTOBER S.
THE YOUNG AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE'
MISS NANCE O'NEIL
Presenting Sunday. Monday and Tuesday !
Nights,
"PF.G WOFFINGTON."
Wednesday and Thursday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee.
The New "CAMILLE."
Friday and Saturday Nights
"THE JEWESS
POPULAR PRICES Evening. 75c, 50c and
Sic: matinee, Saturday, :.0c and 2,') C. •
CHUTES AND ZOO. '
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-DAY-CHjITRcN'S DAY !
I CONCESSIONS FHEEJEFORE 2:30 P.M.
adgbez^;;^^ r tlions
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW, AND
The World's Champion Ejjh Divers.
TO-NIGHT-SPECI7 L !
j J3FFIIES >HI2iHItX§ FIGHT.
! produced by the / nimatoscops
I• - r*r . v.^ rhono for Se «ta, Part S3.
16 GIANT GALAPAGOS and "PRINCESS,"
; the Bit Elephant. In the Zoo.
| LAST DAY AND NIGHT
' OF IHE GREAT
MECHANICS' FAIR.
THE PAVILION.
I Last chance to see the Filipino Village, the
Filipino Circus, water buffalo and all the at-
tractions. Bennett's Band and Miss Alice
Raymond, the cornetist.
ADMISSION TO FAIR 23 CENTS.
HEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON sTT-RE- 1
modelod and renovated. KING, WARD & '
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $150 day '
$5 to $8 week; *8 to *30 month. Free baths- hot i
and cold water every room; Hre grates in every
, room; elevator runs all night. ■ ■ I
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY).
LAST TWO NIGHTS!
ROLAND REED'S
Roaring Farce Comedy,
Innocent as a Lamb!
PRICES Isc, 25c. 35c, 50c.
next ■week:-
-"JSM THE PENMAN."
SEATS NOW READY!
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 53&
MATINEE AT 2:15 TO-DAY.
Best Reserved Seat in the Theater, 25c.
Last Night But One of P'mnquette's Charming
; Charming Opera,
RIP VAN WINKLE.
MONDAY— fiIROFLE-GI OFLA.
USUAL PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25e, 35c and 50c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
BASEBALL!
THREE GAMES at Eecreation Park.
SAN FRANCISCO
vs.
SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY AT 3 F. M.
SUNDAY AT tO A. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 F*. M.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
SEPARATE ADMISSION CHARGED FOR
EACH GAME.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23. 1599.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start .it 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:3o , and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to this
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains vra Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vie Ala-
moda Mole connect with San Pablo avenua
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track la fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
IJEADQUARTERS ♦o^o^o^o^o^-o
o
° For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
♦ and associations that visit San O
0 Francisco. «
1 PALACE AND ♦
♦ GRAND HOTELS. ♦
1 The accommodations, cuisine, service 4
. and location make these hotels desirable a
t for transient and permanent guests i
~r Rates on application. ' ♦
♦ JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. O
a Manager. ♦
~ o
o-»-c-»-o-*-c-«-o-»-o-»-o -•- o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-
WEEKLL CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 pep Year,STUDENTS GIVE
WELCOME TO THE
NEW PRESIDENT
Reception at Hopkins
Institute.
A WELL-ATTENDED FUNCTION
PROFESSOR WHEELER AND HIS
WIFE WARMLY GREETED.
He Receives Eniewed Assurances of
the Support of P>?gcnts, the
Faculty and the Col
legians. .
The lents of the Unlver
: last
institute, In honor
■ lamin Ide
led anoi her of those
justi; which the
iniversity is becoming
■ warmth of which !,■
m re than onco to tes-
The beautiful palace of art looked its
best for the occasion and its brilliant
lights throw into splondid relief the hun
dreds of paintings on the walls and the
groupings of greens added to the tropi
cal aspect of the welcome. A large num
ber of invitations had been sent out, and
Judging from the aba »lute jam, none
wore unheeded. There wore few late
comers and every room In the great
building: was crowded. In the east sal
lery overlooking: the main exhibition
room, where the formal welcome was
to be extended, was stationed .in orches
tra under the direction of Henry Hey
man, who, for the honor of the institute
and the university, had arranged a par
ticularly attractive programme!
At - o'clock promptly President and
Mrs. Wheeler, escorted by General \V. 11.
L. Barnes, entered. They proceeded to
one of the anterooms of the salon, where
they received the greetings of many. Mrs.
Phebe Hearst arrived a few momenta
later and joined them. The scene at this
time and for three hours following was
as animated as any ever witnessed within
the four walls of the institution. College
boys ami girls were everywhere, the
young ladies looking particularly lovely
and the young men brimming over with
the spirit of the occasion. In and out,
upstairs and down; there was a constant
movement, with the one desire to get a
glimpse of the new president and his wife
ere the formal exorcises brgau. Even
then man;' were not afforded the oppor
tunity, ;i! V £ough all enjoyed it later.
A low d^.is had been raised at the west
end of the main exhibition hall and the
space in front of this was packed so solia
that, when a burst nf applause indicated
to those In other parts of the room nd of
the building that the honored party had
entered, it was impossible to see" their
faces. General Barnes arose like Neptune
from the midst of this sea of millinery,
broadcloth and shirtfronts with the hope
that they could see him. when he must
have known that they really came to hear
him.
"I don't know,'.' he said, "whether I was
brought here as one of the boys or as
one of the old men looking: down from
the cold h<-ifrht of a vanished generation,
but at all events 1 am the baby of the
regents and perhaps it is just ;ls well that
out of the mouth of this regent babe
should come a welcome to our baby presi
dent."
This sally, it goes without saying, was
received with prolonged applause. Gen
eral Barees continued:
You can have little idea, ladies and gen
tlemen and students, of the pains we were
at a.-; a hoard to select a president of this I
■ growing university, the center of the in- {
telligence and intellectual progress and cul
ture ' f the great empire of the West.
Probably no duty more solemn was ever
imposed upon an equal numV>er of men in
terested in educational matters. A list of
names was presented containing thus? of
men •i!s-tini;uishcd In literature. In science
an.:l in the marvelous art— never yet fully
learned, I believe— of governing; a univer
sity, and when at last Professor Benja
min Ide Wheeler of Cornell was selected for
that hich function we thought that. In
deed, we deserved well o£ the present and
well of the future.
«Jur new president comes to us as we
stanJ at the gateway of a new century.
Whatever has been accomplished in the
past is but a faint glimmering <>f the days
that shall be% Science is at the threshold,
art :s in the birth of the exquisite archi
tectural dream that we liave seen come
to us through the splendid g-enerosity of
that blessed mother of the young who loVe
to learn. Mrs. Hearst.
In conclusion, turning to the president,
General Barnes said:
President Wheeler, we are proud to have
you here. We know that you will adminis
ter the great duties imposed upon you as
they should be administered, and, on behalf
of the 1 sard of regents, I saj- to you that
our hands are clasped in yours and what- i
ever you may need of sympathy, of friend
ship nml cordial, untiring support will be
plven you by every member of that board
that, to-day, loves and respeots you, sir.
\V. M. Martin. '00, delivered the wel
come, on the part of the student body,
pledging to the new president their fealty
and co-operation for the success of the
university. Professor C. M. i iayley per- i
formed a similar service for the faculty,
pointing out with much humor some of the
things he. hoped the new president mi«ht
do for tn* students, the faculty and tho
university at large. The curtailment of
"joshes" "and the securing of money with
which to carry on the plans of Mrs.
Hearst were among these wants.
President v. :. . ler'a response to all these
welcomes was heartfelt and characteristic
of the man Callfornians are rapidly com
ing to know, lie said in part:
I hardly know what I shall pay. I have
heard about the generosity of the Califor
nia welcome, but I have never felt it so
fully beforp — the Ir.rcent, heartiest welcome
that a man ev< r had. I feel It all around
me. It's In the air. You are too good.
POSTUM CEREAL.
COFFEE HEART.
Many People Think They Have Heart
Disease.
"My husband and I used to drink
Mocha and Java coffee at 40 cents a
pound. made it strong and always
had it for breakfast; sometimes in cold
weather for luncheon and dinner. A
form if heart disease came on to both
of us. Husband complained of his
heart missing a beat sometimes, and
that he could not sleep after drinking
coffee for the 6 o'clock dinner. I had
pains at the heart, and very peculiar
smothering sensations, frequently ac-
companied With sick headache. My
physician forbid the use of coffee, and
we were put on Postum Food Coffee,
with the result that both husband and
myself have fully regained our health
and our hearts are all right and perfect
now.
"I have reached such perfection in
making Postum that husband cannot
tell either by look or taste whether he
la drinking fine coffee or Postum, and
he is a connoisseur in coffee. We drink
Postum two or three times a day and
it never palls on our -taste.
"A good many people make Postum
in a very slipshod manner; that is, they
dash a little into the coffee pot and let
it bubble up a little while and serve it,
but that makes the flattest kind of a
drink. On the contrary, when four
heaping teaspoons to the pint of water
are used and the Postum allowed to boil
fully fifteen minutes after the boiling
begins (not counting after it is put on
the stove, but after the real boiling be-
gins), then one obtains a beverage that
is worth while.
"I have no objections to your using
my name."— Mrs. J. M. Courtright, 800
Third street, S.. Minneapolis, Minn.
Postum is Bold by all first-class gro. j
I am hens to do the best 1 can. but I
know very well what are my limitations.
There are siimo things I can do nr I some
I cannot. General Barnes, I thank you
fn«m the bottom of my heart for the as
surances which you bring me of the cordial
support of the governing board. Professor
Oayley, I thank you for the assurances you
liavo given me of the work you have laid
out for me. There la a lot to be done here.
I came into California last Saturday, tired
out. I besfan Monday morning with a ner
vous headache find for four days the work
Bt«>w and I have been feeling better every
hour. [feel better now than I ever felt.
I begin to be bo much at home with your
welcome and good cheer and healthiness
that I begin to regret a trip East 1 have
lnlil out fur January. I don't believe I can
begin to make UDimy mind to go out of
the sunshine Into the dark so soon. And,
Mr. Martin. I thar.k you for th assur
ances! you give me of the feelinn of the
students. I know that we will be friends.
After the ap] t grci ted Presi
dent Wheeler'a i marka the l.'niversit
California Glee Cl i i sang several
■ and Mrs. Wi,
hold a leve< In the red room. I
women s< :v<-.i <• >oling be\ '•■••; -
--31 enjoyabli
was hardly terminated when th< clock
led 11 .
Tho committee <•>} the student I
charge of thi function was compost
\ :, ■ ilrman) . Miss Ethi 1
VVapi Miss Lillian Nathan, 90;
Pa il S ' '•• '01.
■av.<\ Fred G. ,Doret
PENIEL MISSION GIRL TO
TALK IN ARAB COSTUME
Miss Mary Lyons, for eighteen months
past one of the two workers in the Penicl
Mission at Port Said. Egypt, among the
Ar;ibs. will tell about that work at the
Sunday afternoon meeting at the Peniel
Hall, 19 Third street, and will wear the
Arab costume, which she uses when
working among the natives.
Miss Lyons Is the only one of all the
Peni< 1 workers, either in the home or
foreign fields, who did not have some
preliminary training here in California.
She was born on Mount Zion, Jerusalem,
her father being the British Consul at
that place and her grandfather was a
Jewish rabbi. She became interested in
the work through meeting Miss Van-
Bant; one of the Port Said workers, on
the latter' s visit while sick to Jerusalem
and. later leaving home and friends,
joined her at Port Said and entered the
work.
Some weeks ago she started with Miss
Vansant, who was in very feeble health,
for the latter's home at Salt Lake. The
latter died at sea on the way me
and Mis:- Lyons brought the body on to
Salt Lake, and then extended her visit
to this coast, the home of the Peniel
Mission work. The meeting will begin
at 3 p. m. and promises to provo very
interesting.
ALP WHEELAN
"MAKES OVER"
"THE MIKADO."
KO-KO has traveled from coasl to
coast, and theatergoers have
deemed him worn threadbare. But
now comes Alf Wheelan, If you
Lse, and he dresses him in
brand new Japanese glints and
glitters, and hless us if there isn't a really
i truly hit at the Tivoll.
If there was a man in all that warm,
smoky, chuckling audience who thought
"The Mikado" an old opera while Alt'
Wheelan was on the stage, then he kept
so rtill about it that nobody knew he was
there. He wasn't worth noticing, any
way. Meanwhile Wheelan continued to be
funny, as the gods grant that only half a
dozen nun in a San Francisco season shall
be.
It was his hands that made the hit.
They are long, twining things, with as
many expressions as his face. They crawl
sinuously when he pleads, and they
clutch, demon-like. th< next minute, and
again they Bap and flutter. Always they
are wraitnlike and bewildering. When
New STork unco discovers those hands it
will be a far cry to Frisco
The Tivoll chorus is looking- a bit weary
days. The new Bcores pile up bo
ne upon another that the snap Isn't
there. They appear to find "The Mill
a very old opera and hardly worth the
singing. Given a chance, they would make ;
the audience think bo too, but the princi
pals take matters out of th'-ir bands.
Ni'ii^ of the principals are poor. What
Ada Palmer Walker lacks in voice she
makes up In flirtation, and what Tom
tacks of the histrionic he make?
up in contagious good nature. He has
brought a right round little voice, t o,
with bis Eastern outfit— a voii c that
.lit. to save your neck, think of
apart from the chubbiness and the
cnerubness of him.
Besides all these, William Schuster tow
ers pufflly if Poo'-Bah, and Julia I
has a little success all her own a? she tod
snugglee through the part of
Pitti-Sing. Han Francisco worships at the
shrine of grand opera, of course, but—
well, it gives one a sort of homey feeling
ese Tivoli people in their own
country once more.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
A MACCAREE WELCOME.
Reception to the Supreme Commander
of the Order by the Local Hives.
There was a large attendance of the
Ladies of. the Maccabees last night In
Golden Gate Hall to receive Mrs. Lillian
M. Hollister, supreme commander of the
order, who came here on "a flying visit"
in the interest of the order. There was
a good programme of entertainment and
of welcome by Mrs. E. S. Mof
fatt, deputy supreme commander for Cal
ifornia, and then an address on the order
by the guest of the evening. Mrs. Hollis
ter will leave for tier home in Port Huron,
Mich., to-dny.
Martin Carter Appears.
Martin Carter appeared before Judge
Troutt yesterday in answer to an order
to show cause why he should not be re
moved as the executor of the will of the
late Thomas Carter. It is charged that
Martin Carter failed to include various
erties belonging to the estate of
Thomas Carter in his inventory, and was
lly withholding them. Yesterday
he presented deeds to the properties in
question, which were drawn a few days
prior to his brother's death, and also a
i ... •• to decedent'! Interest in the
carbuflding business at Newark. Martin
r acknowledged that there was no
consideration for the various conveyances,
but he said that his brother told him that
even If he survived his illness he would
not want the properties back. Tho exam
ination will bo concluded next Friday.
Another Big Oil Company.
Articles of Incorporation of the San
Luis OH Company have been filed with
the Secretary of State. It has a capital
stock of J1.000,000, divided into 100,000
shares of the par value of $10 each. The
directors are: Captain Niebaum. Leon
Sloes, Joseph Bloss, Harry Francis and
K. K. Jack. All the capital stock has
been subscribed by the parties in interest.
The company was floated by Harry Fran
cis of the firm of Francis & Tucker. Sev
eral months ago he became Interested in
the oil developments in the State, and
with the assistance of Expert Captain
Frank Barrett obtained leases covering
about 150.000 acres of oil lands in San Luis
Obispo, Monterey, Kern and King coun
ties, which are now controlled by the
newly formed company.
Last Night of Mechanics' Fair.
The Mechanics' Fair closes to-night.
There will be several additional attrac
tions, a voting contest on an automatic
voting machine being one of these. Every
visitor of the fair will have an oppor
tunity to vote for his man, and also fe
male suffrage will be in vogue and ladies
will be given a vote. Tho balloting ma
chine has been placed In the center of
the floor, easy of access.
Last night Rebecca Drill corps No. 2
Mrs. William O. Parker, captain, gave a
charming performance. Twenty-seven
ladies, well drilled, entertained the visit
ors with their splendid evolutions.
St. Francis Golden Jubilee.
Rev. Father Ramm delivered a sermon
last evening In St. Francis Church in
connection with the Golden Jubilee cele
bration of the church. There were very |
few vacant seats in the house. Father
Ramtn spoke forcibly and eloquently of
"The Duty of Man to Man." The church
was decorated elaborately with Dendants
of p-«ld-colored. cloth.
THE SAS FEAN CISCO CALL, SATUHDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
FESTIVE ELKS
THE HOSTS OF
LADIES FAIR
Entertainments That
Delighted.
•»
ONE BY NON-PROFESSIONALS
■ — ♦
PEOPLE FROM THE THEATERS
VOLUNTEERED.
The Guests Wro Tier.ted Royally and
Gained a Good Opinion of -'the
Best People on
Earth."
Kan Francisco Lodge No. 3. Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, held its la
! dies' social in Elks' Hall last night. The
i only decorations were the American flag
at the station of the exalted ruler and
1 garlands of smilax, but these were scarce
ly needed, as the hall Itself is one that is
I always beautiful without decorations.
j There were several hundred ladies and
! their escorts present, who were enter
i tamed by two programmes prepared un
; der the direction of the committee, con
sisting of J. P. Dunne, A. J. Carmany,
!T. O. Heydenfeldt" Frank Blme, 11. S.
I Mam - and Herman Kohn. One prior
; to 11 o'clock was of numbers contributed
iby non-professionals except one. After
' Exalted Ruler Manning had made a few
- remarks on the purpose of holding ladies
; nights, viz., to enlarge the social feature
I of the order, he introduced the chairman
; or' the evening. 1. K. Dunne, who then
j nominated P. J. Tierney as policeman,
I with instructions to collect all lines lm
; posed. This was followed by the first
: number, "Sunt-et" and "The Arrow and
I the Song." by F. AW Thompson; violin
, solo, .Miss Babbitt Cline; recitation, Miss
■ May Sullivan; vocal solo, "Monk and
! Maid," Ben Tarbox; vocal solo, Henry
! Guard: recitation: Miss Cecil Hans; vocal
solos, Miss Sandelin; Signor Abramoff and
i W. W. Briggs.
i There was an intermission, during which
I a collation and en am were served to
| the ladies. At li o'clock the members of
the lodge were called to order and Invited
to observe the time and remember the ab
sent K:ks. which was done in accordance
'■ with the ceremony of the lodge.
After intermission there was a second
I programme under the directorship of
! John Morrisey arid Felix Morris, the sev
j eral numbers being contributed by mem
| bers of the theatrical profession. There
j were representatives from the local thea
' tcrs, each of which furnished a pleasing
! special feature. Among I hose who ap-
I pean before midnight were: Felix Mor
; ris and wife. H. K. Huberts, Alex Con
i ran, Joseph Tynney and Frank Esmel
] lon of the Maggie Moore company and
! Frank Cushman.
Among the many guests of the lodge
w i r< G. C. Stull, i apl tin
Lieutenant V'eagei and Lieutenant Dane
ol the Mi nt .;. , \ oluntei rs, l »r, I .
waj of the l'nite<3 Slates Marine Hospi
tal. Miss Clare Hampton, Dr. D. S. Back
man and wife, Miss Backman, Mrs.
Northrup, Mrs. Harris, Mrs. A. Drucker,
C. 11. Jackson v I A. Abral
Miss P. Sanderlin, Miss K. Wing, Miss
l.ange Mrs. Lange, Mrs. Baum, Thi i
K. Dunne and .Mis. Dunne, James i".
' Dunne. Misa Ah. c I iuni • . Mrs A B
Sanster. Mrs. J. S. Barrett, E. Barrett,
Miss Nellie Barrett, Miss Mamie Barrett,
]•:. Mi •< ;• ttig in. M - - Ri se Mc< ;• i
Miss Marie McOettigan, Mr. and M
B. Manning, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Hunker.
Prank Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. E
i ipson. Miss Marie Thompson. Mi~s
Carlotte Thompson, Miss Etta O Brlen,
Miss Belle O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Girard, Mr. and Mrs. Arnold, Stanley
Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. W. \V. Briggs
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Houseworth Mr'
and Mrs. H. Austin, Miss Brandscheid
Mrs. M. Cook, Mrs. Bohm, Miss Helen
■ Mi:--. Miss E. < Iross el l, the M
Byington, Mis. E. Crocker, Misa Helen
B. Crocker, Mrs. E. C. Stock, Mr and
Mrs. C. H. Jackson, Mrs. 11. Kohl
Kohn, C. S il ■■:. mm and Mrs. Hoft-
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred s. Baker of
nd, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. LTlrich Mr
Mi b. Tafflnger of Portland, ( >r Air
and Mrs. ir. X. Redden, C. W. Nevin and
Mrs. N". '.in, l>r. and Mrs. E. X. Short, Mr.
and Mrs. A. J. Carmany, Miss Carmany
Phil Fay, the Misses Fay, T. ir. Hyden-
Mrs. Hydenf Idt, < laptain 'j F
Andersi n and Mrs. Anderson, Captain and
Mrs. Friele, P. K. Gordon and Mrs Gor
don, Mrs. E. Ewell, Miss Bohra Mr and
Mrs. Nate Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs ]i 8 !■(-
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. Turner
Mr. and Mrs. J. ].. Tierney D. C Martin
■ : Mrs. Martin, Phil Joseph and Mrs.
Joseph. Louis X. Jacobs and Mrs. Jacobs
Miss Jacobs, Mrs. a. Drucker, Mr. and
Mrs. p. Bacigalupi.
COURT NOTES.
George Lillice, a member of the striking
boiler-makers at the Union Iron Works,
who was arrested for distributing hand
bills at Twentieth and Illinois Btreets, had
his case dismissed by Judge Mo^an yes
terday. The handbill spoke of the rights
of the strikers and demanded a day's pay
f.>r eight hours' w., r k. The Judge held
that the handbill did not come within the
scope of the ordinance which was aimed
against advertising.
The case of Bolinto Bianchino, charged
with abducting Lena Sprayue from
Healdsburg, was dismissed by Judge Gra
ham yesterday. He promised not to go
near her parents' house, although he
loved her and would marry her.
Henry Mayer, a merchant tailor on Sut
ter Street, secured a warrant in Judge
Graham's court yesterday for the arrest
of Attorney Charles W. Smyth on the
charge of felony f mbfzzlrnn nt. He al
leged that Smyth collected a Judgment in i
hi'i favor against K. Porter A she for '
$1 »J I 50, including costs, and although a
demand had been made on him for the
money it had not been forthcoming.
Mrs. Bertha By, 636 Chestnut street,
secured a warrant in Judge Treadwell'a
court yesterday for the arrest of Charles
Nelson on the charts- of battery. On
Thursday Nelson, who returned from
Alaska a few days ago, called upon her
and asked for his clothes, as he had
"roomed" there before going to tin- frozen
north. They had a dispute about the
clothes and Nelson Struck Mrs. Bye on
th<- face, blackening both her eyes."
Charles Stone went into Charles Vol
ler's saloon, Twr-nty-fourth and Florida
streets, Tuesday and drank two steam
beers which lie refused to pay for. He
finally consented to pay if he was served
with another. He got it and threw the !
beer Into Voller's face. Yesterday Judge
Graham sentenced him to pay a fln«- of
$50, with the alternative of fifty days in
the County Jail.
M. 11. de Young, Hermann Zadig. Dr. C.
T. Donne, William R. do Gruchy rind Q.
X. Wendling have incorporated the Cen
tury OH and Development Company, with
a capital Btock of $400,000, all of which
has been subscribed.
■■in" '
—"The American Porter," tho product of the
Anhp\]s« j r-l:u:-'-!i lirfwlngf Ass'n— ls punßpnt.
piquant, palatable, more so than the imported.
The new American brew.
Fresno Case Dismissed.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
made an order yesterday dismissing the
suit of the Fruit Cleaning Company et
al. vs. Fresno Home Packing Company
et al., so far as the defendants— L. L.
Gray, J. D. Gray, E. J. Gray. Thomas 11.
Lynch and L. R. Payne— were concerned.
St. Brendan's Church Bazaar.
St. Brendan's Church bazaar last even
ing had as a feature the reception by the
ladles of St. Patrick's booth, namely, Mts.
Plpgins. Mrs. Hennessey, Mrs. Furlong.
Misses Mamie and Nellie Sears. Miss Kate
Furlong. Mrs. Llllie Kelly, Miss M. Mc-
Queen and Miss Kitty Galvin. All the
fortunes of all the politicians in the ward
who have not yet attended the bazaar
were told in a bunch by Mrs. M. O'Britn,
and they made a very bad showing. This
evening St. Anthony's booth ladies will
receive. They are Mrs. M. Rogers, Mrs.
T. O'Brien. Miss Reilly. Miss Reynolds,
Miss Susie O'Brien and Miss Annie
O'Brien,
y h. /f j it , &%&?W : j
WOM FN cx P enc * £ reat nerve ener &y- T^ e organs of the body need vigorous nerves to
insure their healthy action, Suffering of acute nervousness is caused by
weak, inflamed nerves, The body soon becomes debilitated when the nerves are weakened.
Paine's Celery Compound will nourish and reinforce the nerve fibers.
Youths' Directory Bazaar.
There will bo many attractions at the
i Youth"s Directory bazaar this evening.
| Two thousand Hibernians have promised
' to be there; also, the John Sweet Cmm- ;
mar School band and some prominent !
vocalists and club swingers from the
Olympic Club. The committee has decided
nut to rharpe for admission. The fnllow
: ing ladies of St. Charles booth will re- ;
reive: Mrs. James T. Kennell, npsisted
' by Mrs. William Molloy. Mrs. F. E. Dunn,
Mrs. A. B. Maßuire, Mrs. John R. Mor
ton, Mrs. T. Tendergast, Mrs. William
Broderick, Mrs. Lawton, Mrs. Ryan, Mrs.
i J. J. McDade, Mrs. J. J. Green<\ Mrs. K.
Code, Mis T. 11.I 1 . Slattery. Mrs. P. N. Bur
nett, Mrs. di^ick. Mrs-. Repan, Mrs. i
Burn?. Mr?. Ready, Mrs. Gonzales, Mrs.
<i. McCloskey, Mrs. Lamburth, Mrs. H. i
Gleason, Mrs. "William llamburp. Mrs. J.
Towors, Mrs. R. Mahon, Mrs. .1. McQuinn,
Mrs. P. A. Mahoney, Mr- McCarthy, Miss
Nora Fennell, Blisses McCarthy. Mi^H.-;
Richards, Miss A. Morrissey, Miss Maud
Schmidt, Miss Ella Cusick and Miss Nellie ;
McCarthy.
►♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ + ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦•H~H-H-H-f +
■4-
O-*-O-»-O-«-O-»-O-»-O-»- O-»-0-»-O-»-O-»-O ♦-C«-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O -♦-0-»-0-»-0-»-0-*-0-»-0-»-0 "T
♦■ ♦ i
I In Next Sunday's Call. [ I
4 4 X
©-•■©-••o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o ■•■ o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o ♦ o-*-o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o .
o o "♦■
I How I Spent Twenty-Four i I
I Hours 10 Jail. By B ILL BRAD bury } I
' O "T
♦ * t
] THE KLUMPKE GIRLS. f |
4 4 T
0 The Story of Anna Klumpke and Her Talented Sisters. ?
\ i i
V THE DUKE OF MARLBOROUGH'S ♦ |
♦ FAMOUS COLLECTION OF JEWELS I ♦
o* IS NOW IN AMERICA. o |
♦ Read about them in next Sunday's Call. ° T
4 * t
1 A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL VISITS SARAH BERN- ? . J
? HARDT AT HER HOME. ♦ >
♦ * >
3 HOW TO REMOVE WRINKLES. I t
o An illustrated article that will interest o -♦■
♦ every woman. By MME. HYGEIA- o 1
♦ * ♦ >
o o X
1 THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK- | |
4 By PROFESSOR H. B. LATHROP of Stanford University, 4 ±
— I I
0 Prize Babies of the Median- 1 Story of the First Flagstaff 4
0 its' Institute International Raised in California to Fly ? -f
♦ Baby Show. the American Flag. °
♦ — o +.
♦ Fashion, Fiction, Housekeepers' Chat and a Host of Other * ~t
1 Interesting Features 4 4.
'4' ? X
O^.O-*-O-»- o- *' 0 "*' 0 ■*" O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-C«-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O -«-O-«-O-»-O-*-O-*-O«.O-*-O I
'o o X
I In Next Sunday's Call. ! I
t x
o-«-o-*-o-»-o-^o-«-o-»-o ♦ o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-0"»-o*o-» o-»-o-»-0"»- O •«-0-*-0-«-O-»-0-»-O ■+.
National Guard Uniforms.
Major General Dickinson, Colonel Cutler
and Lieutenant Colonel Geisting will meet
at noun to-day to open bids for uniforms
for the National Guard of California. The
bids received about six weeks uro were
rejected. Seven were presented and
the contest narrowed down to the
bids of J. Litchneld & Co. of
this city and the Pettltbone Company of
the K:ist, but afr^r several meetings of
the board thos,e two were also thrown out.
The amount of the contract to be let if
one of the bids Is accepted will be about
Carpenters Will Stand Together.
At a mass meeting of carpenters held
Thursday evening under the auspices of
the district council It was decided to sup
port all carpenters In their demands for
$3 s*) a day, the schedule to ko into effect
i>n Monday. It was decided to register at
IK!" Mission street and 915^ Market street
all contractors who refused to accede to
the schedule, and no union man will be
permitted to work for them until they
have agreed to the new rate.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
6LO3E
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Liverpool, England, on the 31st day of |
December, A. 1 1 . 1898, nil for the year j
ending on that day, as mad.' to the Insurance '
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 61'» and (ill
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ABBETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $1,799,000 00
Loans up Bonds and Mortgages 3,622,350 00 !
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
ta owned by Company 1,602,593 73
Cash In Company' i office 2.26* 06 I
Cash In banks 788,8
Imprest due and accrued on Loans.. 19$ 03 '
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 43.76S 21 !
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 827.629 01
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 81,950 07
Total Assets $9. 703, ."81 65
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,674 27
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 500.965 99
losses resisted. Including expenses.. 46,950 00
Gross premiums on Fire Ri=ks run-
ning one year or less. $3,023,234 21;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,511.617 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4,067,-
-776 r>4; reinsurance pro rata 2.054.152 27
Amount reclaimable by the insured
cm perpetual fire insurance policies 823.582 66
Liability under other departments... 92,27161
All other demands against the Com-
pany 510.151 78
Total Liabilities $4.857.665 58
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $4,979,422 14
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 156.343 42
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 103,332 02
Received for Rents 6L 839 61
Total Income $5,300.737 20
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $398, 7?0 70. losses of pre-
vious years) $2,576.293 71
PaM or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 922.658 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 331.400 41
Paid for State National and local
tax°s ISB.SWM
All other payments and expenditures 33 »
Total Expenditures $4.601
Risks and Premiums. [Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risksj
written during the:
year ; $777,675,592 ! $6,fi02.676 74
Net amount of Risks
expired during thel
year 526.066.155 7.400,466 17
Net amount in force
December 31. IS9B j 845,071.329 1 7.091,010 75
H. W. EATON. Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT. Dep'y Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January. IS9S.
\V. H. WILDEY, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.
Weekly Can $1.00 Ber Year
CURES
Nervousness,
Debility;
Strengthens
and Tones
the System ;
Purifies
the Blood.
Mrs. Mary M. Myers of Baltimore,
Ohio, writes: "I suffered for eight
years with nervous prostration and
the general debility common to
women, and had such pains in my
back that I could not get around the
house. I used several remedies and
consulted several of the best physi-
cians without obtaining any relief.
Paine's Celery Compound restored me
to health.
"I also want to say to all mothers
that Paine's Celery Compound is a
splendid medicine for their children."
STATEMENT
■ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, in the State of New York.
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1898,
and for the year ending on that day, as mada
to the Insurance Commissioner of the Stata
of California, pursuant to the provisions oC
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-,
densed as per blank furnished by the Com*
mlssioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250.000 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company.... $570,832 01
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,048.376 25
Cash in Company's Office 34.141 76
Cash In Banks 41,976 63
: Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,016 67
Rents due and accrued 2,059 10)
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion »1. 06033
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit 19,263 81
Total Assets ..$3,103.731 68
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $170,476 3$
Losses resisted. Including expenses
(of which $375,400 00 are resisted
for Insured) 853,297 83
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1,495,026 9(
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 172,541 54
All other liabilities 48.098 90
Total Liabilities .$2.279.441 65
INCOME. ~ ~
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,209,345 60
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 79.186 S3
Received for Rents 56,053 58
Received from all other sources 11.693 91
Total Income ..$3,356,279 43
EXPENDITURES. "~~
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ , losses of previous
years) $1,541,095 03
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 840,150 34
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 134,775 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 58.991 8J
AH other payments and expenditures 475,239 95
Total Expenditures ..$3.100.252 18
Losses incurred during the year $1,275,004 29
GEO. F. REWARD, President.
ROBT. J. HILLAB, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
10th day of February, ISS3.
E. A. RABNER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C PARDEE,
Resident Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
• SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
InnV i wL^li^lrS
Ha KsSSf A w fa Ctfciial
a K9F x M mjSff
ma A Bs T&Hz UsH Esm B k9M H
wJUL JLJ mM
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction higher. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wlieat futures still lower. Barley very dull.
No change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Beans show more or less change. Seeds as before.
■■ weak and Feed stuffs firm.
Potatoes quiet. Vegetables sloivly advancing.
Butter and Cheese unchanged, but Eggs advanced.
Poultry steady and quiet. Arrivals of Game small.
Fresh Fruit shozvs no netv features.
Dried Fruits in fair demand and generally firm.
Pr ovisions stand as before.
Hides in active demand and firm.
Meat market unchanged.
Charters.
The Glfford was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Efurope, 31s Sd— option of mer
chandise to Liverpool.
The Comllebank was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat from Portland to Europe, 36»
•d.
Weather Report.
nJOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
F-ureka 58 Ban Diejro 6S
Fresno SS Sacramento 84
Los Angeles SO Independence 76
Red Bluff l -' Yuma 94
San Luis Ohlspo.. .. SO
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
66; minimum. 60; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. An area
of low pressure overlies the valley of the Colo- ]
rado, and cloudy threatening weather with
Band storms is reported In the southeastern
counties of California. Light sprinkles of rain I
have fallen in the Sierras, and snow covers ,
the highest peaks.
The temperature has fallen about 10 d«prees i
on the coast of California, and conditions are
favorable for fog from Point Conception to
Cape Mendocino.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight October 7:
For Northern California— Cloudy Saturday,
with dense foe along the c>af=t; cooler in the
interior: southerly changing to northerly
winds.
For Southern Cali'ornln— Cloudy Saturday:
Eprinkli of rain, and sandstorms in the moun
tains; northeast winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; cooler.
For Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Saturday: sandstorms In
eastern portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sat
urday, with heavy fog in the morning; south
erly, chintrlng to fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official. I
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. -With the exception of
some profit-taking salfs in the last hour of
to-day's market the movement of prices was
upward almost without Interruption. The de
mand was not larg at any time, but the sup
ply of stocks proved small, however, at the
higher prices, except in a few eases, notably
Bouthern Pacific, which met large offerings at
28. The late break was led by Brooklyn
Transit, which was pressed down under a
flood of offerings to 87, an extreme decline of
3%. The profit-taking, which was induced by
this weakness, was most conspicuous in sugar
and tobacco, which lost neariy 2 points each
of the extreme advance. The initial impulse
to the rise came from London, where the
easier money conditions and a hope of a
peaceful ttlement of the Transvaal difficulty
induced large covering by the bears In all de
partments. London bought stocks here to the
extent of upward of 2S.<ioo shares and showed
a special ■ sire for Louisville, which led the
active railroad list with a net advance of I*4
after an extreme rise of 2 points. The maxi
• mum rate for call money was 8 per cent to
day, against 12 per cent yesterday and 20 per
cent the day before. The rate fell to 4 per
cent In the late dealings.
This progr • decline In money rate was
en Important element in the strength of
stocks and has awakened expectations of a
good bank statement to-morrow. The expec
tation seems to be based on the fact, that the
bunks are known to have received 12,000,000 in '
gold on account of postofflce i. •<■••!;. from
Cuba, and drafts from the San Francisco Mint
on account of the Klondike gold deposited
there. The gold engaged las« week in Lon
don also figured In the consideration of spec
ulators, although it will not be received until
to-morrow and will not Dgure in to-morrow's
bank statement. As a matter of fact the
New Fork banks have lost on the interior
movement so far as known movements are
concerned about $3,000,000. Operations at the
sub-t.r. indicate a further loss by the
banks of 12,608,000.
Allowing tor the $2,000,000 gold received the
net loss in cash to the banks seems to be
upward of 13,500,000. The result may be com
plicated by the effect of money spent here by
visitors to the Dewey celebration, which is
an unknown quantity. The easier rates for
money are largely due to offerings on ac
count of outside banks, which will be of no
advantage to the New York banks in their
weekly showing. The relaxation in London
discount rates to-day resulted in a decline
In sterling exchange at Paris and Berlin. In
strong contrast was the sharp advance in
sterling exchange rate here. This is said to
be due to covering by exchange bankers who
have sold bills in anticipation of a large out
ward movement of cotton and grain. The
chartering of a large number of vessels by the
British Government to transport troops anil
the resulting rise in rates for shipping awak
ened a fear that shipping of merchandise may
be hampered.
The bond market continued firm, but the
movement In prices was upward. Total sales
par value, $1,550,000.
United States S3 advanced H and new 4b
Vi In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sharee Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1,4. Atchison . .... 20%
10,i)6i) Atchison prefd 62%
- 1,100 Baltimore ft Ohio 50
Canadian Pacific 90%
Canada Southern 68%
300- Central Pacific 67%
134 Chesapeake & Ohio 25
2.2 10 Chicago Great Western 14>4
9.500 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy i 29%
Chicago Ind &. Louisville 10%
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 42
2,250 Chicago & EaFtern Illinois 9414
SO 1 ) Chicago & Northwestern 160
4.44.". Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 112V4
1,725 C <• C & St Louis 5514
230 Colorado Southern s^j
200 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45 i
400 Colorado Southern Zd prefd 16 :
422 Delaware & Hudson 122^
7,220 Delaware Lack & Western. 191%
Denver & Rio Grande 21
310 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7414
Erie 13
1,210 Erie Ist prefd 3fi^
IK Great Northern prefd 164
300 Hocking Coal ISI4
Hocking Valley 31
327 Illinois Central 112%
lowa Central 13(4
100 lowa Central prefd 56%
! 700 Kansas City Pittsburg 4 Gulf 8
Lake Erie & Western 15,4
230 Lake Erie & Western prefd 80
, Lake Shore 200
2,225 Louisville & Nashville 73%
8,820 Manhattan L 107%
3,500 Metropolitan Street Railway 190
330 Mexican Central 14' i
S2O Minneapolis & St Louis 70
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 9514
J.S3O Missouri Pacific 44"4
. Mobile & Ohio 44
325 Missouri Kansas & T<\xa*< 1314
2,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 39
.;:'." New Jersey Central 119
2,100 New York Central 13!%
4 O^O Norfolk & Western 24V4
2,430 Norfolk & Western prefd 63Vi
1,780 Northern Pacific 52
2,620 Northern Pacific prefd 74' i
1,400 Ontario & Western 24%
Oregon Railway & Xav 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75%
2,000 Pennsylvania 131%
500 Reading ?J%
.V,') Reading Ist prefd oi>*»
1,400 Reading Id prefd 3 ;
Rio Grande Western •'•^4
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
200 St Louis & San Fran I»T4
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefa 69
1,010 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36%
300 St Louis Southwestern J*
1,900 St Louis Southwestern prefd «
10,130 St Paul 124H
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 120
30,545 Southern Paclnc „ 37%
710 Southern Railway US
2.100 Southern Railway prefd 62 !
600 Texas & Pacific IS\, !
6,025 Union Pacific 43%
6,350 Union Pacific prefd 76Vt j
300 Wabash 7\
400 Wabash prefd 21\
1.655 Wheeling & Lake Erie 1144 :
1.666 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31 •■
1,940 Wisconsin Central 17%.
P C C .v St Louis 73^ :
Express Companies —
Adams 114 I
; American 149
United States 50 i
110 Wells Fargo 130 j
Miscellaneous —
3,900 American Cotton Oil 4'!% ,
American Cotton Oil prefd 93 !
American Malting 15
100 American Malting prefd 68
100 American Smelting & Refining 36*.
. 515 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... $s*l
American Spirits 0 I
American Spirits prefd 25
1,500 American Steel Hoop 42 -4 i
463 American Steel Hoop prefd 84
6.621 American Steel & Wire 49>4
1.400 American Steel & Wire prefd 95
1.425 American Tin Plate 37%
American Tin Plate prefd 86
32,210 American Tobacco 123 ;
24« American Tobacco prefd 147 ;
9,250 Anaconda Mining Co 49 ! i
61,770 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 87
4.655 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55
7.071 Continental Tobacco 43>4
800 Continental Tobacco prefd 93 U i
4.520 Federal Steel fi3%
1.210 federal Steel prefd 7"",
575 General Electric 1 17 '■ . j
130 Glucose Sugar 60% ■
Glucose Sugar prefd 105 i
200 International Paper 26% !
....... International Paper prefd Tl: 1 -" j
Lnolede Gas 63
100 National Biscuit 43%.
, National Biscuit prefd ' 7 ■• ',
100 National Lead 2' " I
— ... National Lead prefd 11 > i
I. KM National Steel f>o% J
100 National Steel prefd '■ ■■' .
270 V.-.v York Air Brake 162 "
200 North American 12*;
10) Pacific Coast 47 :
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
— Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
725 Pacific Mail 40
3.560 People's Gas 109% i
350 Pressed Steel Car : 67
f.oo Pressed St«*>| Car prefd SS
7SO Pullman Palace Car lSfi'A
Standard Rope & Twine >'\ i
24,517 Sugar 141\ I
100 Suear prefd 116 !
1.470 Tennessee Coal &■ Iron 115*4 ■
45. 515 United States Leather 1 '■■■ |
620 United States Leather prefd 77". j
1,025 United States Rubber 47U !
United States Rubber prefd 115% I
300 Vtsteni l T nl n '.:-..
300 Republic Iron & Steel 26%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71
411,300 total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100 [M, X & T 2nd5.... 69%
Do 3s reg 107% 00 is 93 I
Do Ss coup 108% \ .1 Cent Ben 05..119,4
Do new 4s reg...13'l Nor Car Cs 127
Do new ■)- c0up. .130 Bo 4s 104
Do old 4s reg 111 Nor Pac Ist? 113 '
Do old 4s coup.. 112 Do Ss 63%
D 5s reg 111%' Do 4s 102»i
Do 5a coup lll'-jiN T, Chi &■ S L 45105
Dist of Col ■; '655.. 117 Nor * W con 45.. 92 I
Alabama, class A.106 Do grn >- s . 135 I
Do, class B 10G Or Nay lsts .. 115
Do, class C 100 ! Do 4? in2Vi
Do, currency 100 ; Or S Line 6s 126
Atch gen 4s 99% Da con V 113
Do adj 4« S6>* Reading pen 45.... 86%
Can So 2nda 108 i Rio G West lsts. 9S
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95%1S L & I M con 68.110
Do 5s US SL& S F gen 65.1234
Chi & N con 75.... 145 St Paul cons . 175 I
C & N S F deb 55.110 'St P . C & P lots.. 120
Chi Term 4s 97% Do 5s 120U
Den ft U G 15t5.. 103 ISo Ry 5s l(>s"i
Do 4s 99% S Rope & T 65.... 82
E T.-nn, V ft GlstslO2% Term new settle-
Erie Gen 4s 71 ment Ss 94
F W & Den C lsts 77 Tex ft Pac 15t«...113
Gen Klec 5a 116 Do 2ds . 56
GH&S A6s ... 108 T'nion Pac 4s . 103»i
Do 2ds 108 IWabash lsts 115;
H & Tex Cent Gs.llO*i| Do 2ds „ 10
Do con 6s 108 1 West Shore 4s ..i]2 i
lowa Cent lsta ...116 |Wls Cent lsts 7614
X C, P & G lsts. 72' 2 Va Centuries 86
La new con 45.. .106 Va deferred 5 ;
L & N unified 45.. 99 Colo & So 4s 85
N V Cent lsts 111%
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 35, Ontario 7 75!
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 90
Con ' "al & Va 1 40 : Plymouth C 8
Peadwood 70 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 85 Do preferred 7 >■
Hale & Norcross... 30 Sierra Nevada 64
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 10
Iron Silver 53 Union Con 34 '
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End prefd.. .113%
Call leans 6^7! Westtnghouse El.. 47
Time loans West El prefd 67% |
Stocks— i Wisconsin Cent 17V4
AT&SF 20%! Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 62*4 | Atchlson 4s 99
American Sugar ..141% | Mining: Shares-
Am Sugar prefd. .ll7 Adventure 7
Bell Telephone ....376 Allouez Mln C 0.... 5%
Boston & Albany.. 24l ,Atlantic 25%
Boston & Maine.. 2oo Boston & M0nt.... 360 !
Chicago Bi. Q....123*4'8utte & 805t0n.... 75 !
Ed Elec 111 208 Calum»t & Hec1a..785 !
Fltchburg prefd. .. .120% ] Centennial 33%
General Electric. .ll9 ; Franklin 17%
Gen Elec prefd. ...139 -Humboldt l»i '
Federal Steel 5% O«ceola S6
Mexican Central .. Parrot 47
Michigan Tel 106 Qulncy 166
Old Colony 206 j Santa Fe Copper.. 12^
Old Dominion 32% Tamarack 220
Rubber 48 Wlnona 8 I
Union Pacific 43 Wolverines 41%
Union Land 6% Utah 38V, i
West End 93V
New York Money Market.
NETW YORK, Oct. 6— Money on call easier
at 4@6 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent, prims
mercantile paper, 5Tf6 per cent. Sterling ex- ■.
change, firm, with actual business In bankers' :
bills at $4 S6Vi<g:4 S6Vi for demand and $4 81% ;
for sixty days. Posted rates, {4 8204 83 and :
$4 SC«?4 SBV4. Commercial bills, $4 80H. Silver |
certificates, 5SH@59c. Bar silver, 57% c. Mcxi- i
can dollars, 47c. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
Cash in the Treasury.
■WASHINGTON', Oct. 6.— To-day's statement i
of th« condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $285,932,730; gold reserve,
$206, 101,330.
London Market.
NEW TOIIK, Oct. «.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were cheerful In tone to-day
In the absence of war news. There vat good
buying of Africans, driving the bears to cover,
especially In the street, but no specific rea
f"!if appeared. Consols were 103 H.
Americans were buoyant throughout the ses
sion, but denllnps were rmall. The favorites
were Louitvllle, Erie, Norfolk and Western and
the Pactflcs. Spanish 4's were 60; Tintos
4>> 8-16Q46%; Anacondas, 10 1-18.
Gold to the amount of £200,000 was taken for
the Cape. The hank bought £11, (KK) m gold
bars and £22.000 In French coins. The latt«r
parcel. In view of the high rate of exchange
means that more Is coming. Money Is slack
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 6.— Canadian Pacific, 92%-
Union Pacific preferred, 78; Northern Pacific
preferred, 76^: Atchlson, 21: Grand Trunk, 7£;
bar sliver firmer, 26 11-16 d per ounce.
Chicago CatUe DAtrket.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.-CATTLE-Th# demand
wae good for so late In the week and prices
were steady. Good to choice cattle sold at
|5 90®7; commoner grades, $4 60^6 85; stocker*
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAI/L. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
and feeders, $3@4 90; bulls, cows and heifers,
$2 ijo 25; Texas steers, $3 20®4 20; rangers, $2 85
OS 10; calvs, 159?.
HOGS were firm and about 6c higher. The
demand waa good and the supply was well
taken Heavy hogs sold at $4 05©4 70; mixed
lots. $4 35®4 75; light, $4 45<g* 80; plffs, $4@4 75;
culls, $1 60©4.
SHEEP— The trade In sheep and lambs was
fairly active at about steady prices. Native
sheep sold at J2^f4 »•) for poor to choice and
$3 30^4 for Westerns. Yearlings brought $4 20
04 40. Lambs sold at $3 50(55 30 for poor to
choice, range lambs bringing $4 DOSS 15.
Receipts— Cattle, S500; hugs, 18,000; sheep.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
October 6, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with Uie corresponding
week last year:
Pet. Pet.
Cities— Ino. Dec.
New York $1,249,509,173 17.4
Boston 136,755,350 12.6 ....
Chicago 150,683.530 39.7
Philadelphia 99.008,253 24.0
St. Louis 31,208,156 10.6 ....
PlttsbUTg 32,048,442 18.4
Baltimore 1a, 652,212 12.1
San Francisco 23.978,356 37.8 ....
Cincinnati 15,613.260 5.3
Kansas City 17,418,076 68.1 ....
New Orleans 9,880.411 43.6 ....
Minneapolis 16,487,100 19.3 ....
Detroit 8,390,221 25.7 * ....
Cleveland 11,568,483 68.6
Louisville 9,031.041 19.9
Providence ' 6,922,550 20.9 ....
Milwaukee 6,069,363 2.3 ....
St. Paul 5,596.661 1.8
Buffalo 5,351,191 14.
Omaha 7,510.042 1.4 ....
Indianapolis 6.806,183 14.8 ....
•Columbus, 0hi0... 4,976.800 22.4
Savannah 3.249.170 .... 15.6
Denver 4,816,871 33.9
Hartford 2,748,715 .... 2.1
Richmond 3,266,739 12.0
Memphis 2,536,381
Washington 1,842,486 8.4
Peoria 2,431,985 8.6
Rochester 1.786,691 .... 7.7
New • Haven 1.596,274 20.1
Worcester :... 1.450.217 .... 15.6
Atlanta 1,988,138 11.2
Salt Lake City 3.254.319 124.6
Springfield, Mass.. 1.661.604 7.0
Fort Worth 1.385.282 .... 24.4
Portland, Me 1.401.349 .... 16.1
I'ortland Or 2,3 i 1.7! 8.9
st. Joseph.!!!!!!!!! 3.644.201 22.3
Los Angeles 1,380.063 .... 22.6
Norfolk 1.213.61S 8.3
Syracuse 1,162.602 3.1 ....
Dps Moines 1,683.877 23.5
Nashville 1,409,967 37.2
Wilmington, Del... 1.215.687 27.0
Fall River 1.134.C57
Scranton 1,203,040 26. S ....
Grand Rapids 1,344.773 30.6
Augusta, Ga 1.155.941 1.9
I. well 840.979 10.2
Dayton, Ohio 1,055,556 31.1
Seattle 3.258.134 17.".. 4 ....
Taooma 1,154. 51.7 ....
Spokane 1.454.06? 78.9
Sioux City 1.329.125 23.0
New Bedford 665.229 16.2
Knoxville, Term... 595,137 1.9
Topeka 740.752 15.0
Birmingham 637.517 43.7
Wichita 476.166 .... 1.2
i: a ;hamton 4<>5.500 18.0
Lexington. Ky 353.57S 10.7
Jacksonville, Fla.. 215.504 10.7
Kalamazoo 303,597 .... ....
Akron 405.000 5.6 ....
I'hattanooga SM) 564 8.1 ....
Knckford. 11l 221.552 18.1
Canton, Ohio 217. 67 30.8 ....
Springfield, 0hi0... 261.207 46.6
Farpo, N. D 536.854 PS. S ....
S'OUX Falls. S. D.. 167.080 IS. 4
Hastings, Neb 156.153 26.8
Fremont. Neb 151.569 IS.I
Davenport 1.126.270 13.2
Toledo 2,11 : 161 17.7
•Oalveston 11,041,400 2.0
•Houston 9,745. 5-71 8.9
Evansville, Ind 940.002 21.2
Helena. Mont 609.969 41.9
Little Rock, Ark... 481,630 55. 2
Macon 683,000 6.1 ....
•Saglnaw 297.535
Totals U. S $1,752,988,538 19.6
Totals outside
N. V 703,479,365 ' 23.1
DOMINION OP CANADA.
Montreal $17.30?,398 : .... 6.2
Toronto 11.711.363 19.0
eg 2.77V77L' 3vS ....
Halifax ! 1,579.228 27.5 !!!!
Hamilton !»22.137 15. 2
St. John. N. D 02M37 22. S
■ ia 613,286
Vancouver TCifi.o4s ....
Totals $34,829,033 5.5
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Bradstrcet's Financial Review.
NEW York, Oct. B.— Bradstreet'j to-morrow
will Bay of th.- New JTork stock market: The
attention of Wall street was mainly devoted to
the question of money. The extreme rates for
of 2i to 40 per cent recorded on Monday
ami Tuesday lnst were unnecessary. In fact,
Uure has been some discuss! >n as to whether
puch r?;ures were not the? result of manipula
tion. Yet it is evident from th- bank state
nii nt published Thursday, September 2S, just
• the market entered on the twr> days'
recess for the Dewey reception, as well as from
the known n.oviment of money to the interior,
that the banks were still losing cash and were
. d to ortiact the v..lume of their call
loans to the street. Tax payments in New Y"rk
City anJ other October disbursements also
-itated an extra amount of disturbance of
loans and there consequently was not a little
ire resulting in many borrowers being
• to ijay from 10 to 15 per cent for ac
cumulations, while 6 to 10 per cent was the
easiest terms obtainable. Nevertheless the
market becames less disturbed as the balances
were readjust. >d, and by Thursday 1" per cent
wa,« the extreme tor the time loan market and
lenders with unemployed balances had to be
• mient to accept 3 to r, per cent at the end of
the day, and on Friday the extremes were 5 to
8 per cent. Both the money and stork markets
have been to some extent influenced by the
rise in the Bank of England rate to *> per cent
which with the flrmne.-s of the London open
money market and the financial pressure which
Is shown in Germany rendered further Imme
diate importations of (fold improbable, if not
impossible. Relief from this source beinp cut
off, discussion of the domestic financial sltua
:im floes not develop slrns favorable to the
re-lorstlon of the decided ease In the New
York loan market. The activity of trade and
the l lVbuerlty of the country, it is held, will
keep money in circulation during the autumn
and early winter, when, under ordinary cir
cumstances It would begin to return to New
York as soon as the crop movement was well
under way. It, therefore, seems that the stock
market must resifcn itself to a high if not a
stringent money market. In which 6 per cent
WIH be the minimum for both call nnd time
loans. In spite of this tendency and of the
disposition of professional traders to press the
market for sales, prices have behaved well, and
after a pretty general, though far from severe,
decline in the early part of the week, a dull,
irregular recovery set In on Wednesday. This
v.ns partly In sympathy with the improve
ment at London. It was, however, noticeable
that most of the purchasing here was by the
bears, and represented the covering of their
Ehort contracts. In fact, one of the features of
the week was the failure of the high money
market to provide any appreciable liquidation
if li-rng stock. Meantime apart from the dearer
money nmrket nearly all the circumstances
benrinc on stock value* continue to be favor
able, and this activity and prosperity of trade
naturally crealp a certain feeling of confidence
in the future of the market.
The volume of trading fn r the week has been
KniMller thaji usual, and the international yacht
rai c has diverted the attention of a conslder
able section of the Wall-street professional
element from the market. On Friday the mar
ket developed a prood deal of strength on fur
ther favorable influence and from London.
Bradstreet s on Trade.
IBradstreet's on Trade.
_ H.
' NEW TOHK, Oct. Eradstreefs to-morrow
will say: Distributive trade, while smaller at
| Borne markets. Is still of encouraging volume.
Industry Is active, railway earnings heavy,
prices still tend upward and bank clearings
Increase, while failures lessen. Pall festivals
and other celebrations at several cities have
had an appreciable effect upon retail and
proved a stimulating factor In wholesale lines
Industrial activity Is widespread and strikes
are fewer and less costly than in most years
Though lessened by holidays, bank clearings'
swelled partly by heavy October disbursements
and partly by general business expansion, tend
to enlaree as th« season advances. Business
failures are apparently at a minimum and lia
bilities are certainly less costly than for many
years oast. Prices as a whole manifest ag
gressive strength. Farm products are especially
prominent In this direction, the Souths great
est staple, cotton, owing: to short crop, ad- j
vances, and owing to active speculation, leading
In extent of caln with an advance of nearly
%c for the week, of nearly 2c as compared with
a year ago and of quite 2%c as compared with
ieo 6 -. ™ w water prices touched in the season of
Iron and steel hold all their old strength, the
former on heavy buying at Pltt«burg and fur
ther \\ est, while large quantities of steel rails
have been bought by leading railroads, and fur
ther heavy business is under consideration.
Export trade In Southern Iron has almost
ceased, and there Is talk of reimporting some
already shipped.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
we.?k aggregate 5,185,398 bushels, against 3.872.
--455 bushels, revised, last week 5 -»^7.224 hush
els in the corresponding week 'of 1898. 4.838,461
o oi 'too l n J B97 ' <. 050.772 bushels in 1886. and
2.244,328 bushels In 1895.
Since July this season, the exports of wheat
aggregate 55,699.413 bushels, against 52.498,121
bushels last year and 60,080,412 bushels in
lo!'( ~9B*
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
1 NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say:
The grand demonstration ln honor of Admiral
Dewey effectually stopped business of most
kinds for two days at the chief city of the
country and yet the remaining transactions of
the week would have excited wonder a year
ago. At New York, where the interruption was
greatest, payment through clearing-houses ex
j ceeded 000,000 in four business days, a
i record never before approached, and outside
I New York the gain reflects a great expansion
, in the volume of that kind of business which
does not depend on exchanges. It has been a
1 week of remarkable monetary changes here and
: elsewhere. The Bank of England raised Its
I rate 1 per cent before and a half more after
! Its weekly statement, from 3% to 6 per cent,
with the hope that the outgo to New York
might be checked, but the Bank of Germany
lost also.
Germany lost also and raised its rate to 6 i
per cent and the Bank of France lost heavily.
While high rates were paid here for money
required in speculation no stringency embar- I
rassed any branch of legitimate business and j
the stock market has held up surprisingly. With I
Bucn business as the great steel companies are
doing It Is not strange that their stocks are i
firmly held. There have been heavy sales of !
rails deliverable next year, $33 being fixed as
the price after consultation, and about 250.0<XJ
tons, fairly divided between Eastern and West
ern works, were sold. For their protection the
great companies bought billets in large quan
tities, for which It is said $35 was paid by some,
and of Bessemer pl nearly 2C0.000 tons, the
Federal Steel Company taking 110,000 and Pitts
burg works taking advantage of old options,
Other large rail contracts are expected soon,
especially those of the Pennsylvania. Plate
Works seem to be gaining little If any on their
I orders and bar mills are crowded as ever, while
; the renewal of efforts for consolidation of sheet
i mills causes more active buying. But while j
; uessemer ing rose 26 cents ami greyforge at ;
' 1 Ittsburg declined 50 cents, finished products
! were not changed, excepting another rise of 15 i
; cents per keg in cut nails, and there is reported
i some disposition to hold back orders because
I cf J he general rise in prices.
'in l. 'IV,'""' market Is strong with sales of
lu,MtZ,loZ pounds at three markets, prices being
! maintained, although the advance at Lomion
! has been checked.
After advancing about 2 cents, wheat declined
sharply, uncertainty In the Transvaal being
1 used by speculators as excuse for the fluctua
i tion. The closing price is unchanged with At
lantic exports of 3.562,062 bushels, flour Included
a ?^i nl 2 Z : 884033 last year - and Pacific exports
of 397,502 bushels, against 702,414 last year. With
it 18 noted that corn exports were also 2 992 232 i
bushels tor the week, against 2,631,002 last year
the [.rice rising ! cent. It seems not strange ;
j that wheat continues firm and Western receipts .
j have been only 6,644,113 bushels for the week
against 10,539.359 last year. I
> The merchandise oxp"orts from New York have |
i i'-T-V". f'"' )Y eeka ?31.202.622 ln value, against
h $32,748,494 last year j|vhien. with the Increase!
; in manufactured exports ln cotton exports from
, other points. Insures an enormous outgo for I
September, while the Increase In imports at I
: .New ork has been about $9,500,000 in value
apparently not enough to reduce the excess or
; exports for the month below $30,000,000.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. FLOUR— Receipts, 23,
--OGI barrels; exports, 20, C10 barrels. Firm, but
i quiet; generally held too high for business and
closed steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 287,675 bushels; exports,
231.031 bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red. 77%e
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth new,
?°\ c o',,°- ),. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Dv
; luth v.v to arrive; No. 2 red. 75Hc elevator
! Options opened quiet at a decline of J4c and
I further declined under liquidation, following
i unsatisfactory cables and •disappointing export
demand. Another weak feature was the in
creasing tendency of the visible supply. The
maiket closed at about the lowest point, with
the tone easy and the price ' 4 c to %c net lower.
' March cloeftd SOVie; May. BO©Bo 11-16 c, closed
SOc; December, 77>i'8'77 11-16 c, closed 77' 3 c. •'
HOPS Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL -Firm.
M ETA US— Though there was a firmer feeling
prevalent in the market for tin. business hung
fire to a discouraging degree. The other de
partments of the local markets were lifeless,
. with prices at best largely nominal. The news
. world furnished little incentive to buyers or
sellers, the cables about meeting anticipations
] and the Western advices noting generally un
changed conditions. At the close the Metal
Exchange ailed:
PlGl ßON— Warrants, nominal, at $13.
LAKE COPPKR— DuII, at $18 50.
TIN— Firmer, but quiet; $32 20 bid
LEAD Quiet; $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
SPELTER $6 45 bid and $5 50 asked.
. The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper $1S 37%@18 50.
; COFFEE Options closed firm, 1." to 25 points
i higher. Sales, 23.430 bags, including-; Octo
ber, $4 4054 43; November, $4 60@4 55; Decem
ber. $4 75; March, $4 8504 90; May, $5 10; June,
$'■ 10©5 20; August, $5 20®5 25; September, $5 30.
Spot coffee— Rio. steady to firm. No. 7 In
[ voice, 7'-;c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6c. Mild, firm; Cor
| dovn. 6\®ll%c.
SUGAR Raw, weak and nominally lower.
! Fair refining, 3%@4%c; molasses sugar, B%c;
; centrifugals, 06 test, ; refined, , un
settled.
BUTTER — Receipts, 2314 packages; firm.
Western creamery. 17@24c; June creamery, 19@
22c; factory. I4@l<
EGGS— Receipts, 5000 packages; firm. West
ern ungraded nt mark, 14(??lSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7%c;
Prime wire tray, 7%@8%c; choice, B%@ac;
fancy, B®9^4c.
PIUINES— 3%@Bo!
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12®13%c; Moorpark, 14®
16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%i^3c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. —Wheat was weak at the
opening. Liverpool failed to show the ad
vance expected in view of the war rumors and !
the effect was discouraging to the bulls. The
! market opened %c under yesterday's close;
: December at 73V/73-V. and May at 76Vi@
76% C. Reports of large Argentine shipments
were also an influence tending to weaken the
I market. An Increase of 1,200,000 bushels in
I the stocks at Minneapolis and Duluth was re
; ported and Snow In his report estimated the
j crop of wheat at 564,0110,000, considerably over
the Government estimate. With these items
j before them the longs began to unload and
j prices declined. St. Louis for some time had
; been a strong support of the local market,
but let go a long line. Important liquidation
was done by local and other outsiders. De
! cember declined to 72Vic. There was some
covering by shorts against puts, causing a
reaction In December to 72% c, but the liqui
dation was too general for the market to
stand up under and December again declined '
to 72^4@72%c, at which it closed. May wheat !
I ranged at 75%@75>*c to 7GV4@76%c and closed
I at 7f,'ic.
! Corn was strong and higher early. In sym
| pathy with the Liverpool advance of %c. The
local price was helped by an impression quite
generally prevailing that crop estimates have
been too liberal. December closed %c higher
at 3OV»®3o'ic.
Oats were extremely dull but steady. The I
market lti general followed corn. The entire •
range was only J,io. Snow put his estimate
of the crop at 860,000,000 bushels, compared with
his estimate of 799,000,000 last year. Decem
ber closed unchanged.
Provisions barely held their own, showing :
steadiness with hog* which were unchanged I
to 5c up. The cash trade was not brisk. I
January pork closed unchanged; January lard ;
i unchanged and January ribs a shade up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 71% 77% 7014 70%
December 73% 73% 72H 72%
May •••;;••••„• 76 76 75^ 75%
Corn No. 2—
£ ctober 31% 3114 81 81
I December 30>4 SO',; 30 3014
Ma >\ •■••••" tVA 31% 31<* 31%
Oats No. 2—
December 23 23 22 T 4 22 T * |
M ? v • 24% 24% 24% 24ii
Mess pork, per bbl—
October 8 10 8 10
December 8 25 8 30 8 25 8 30
January 970 9 72^ 970 9 72V4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 5 3214 535 6 32* 535
December 5 42% 545 540 6 42 14
January ....: 555 5 671 * 565 6 671 2
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 510 810 5 071/4" 6 07V4
January •••_ii^ 07^ 610 605 510
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
I , m: No. 3 spring wheat. 71 "-c ; No. 2 red.
72% c; No. 2 corn, 31«?31%c; No. 2 oats, 22%<§>
I 23c: No. 2 white, 25@25%c; No. 3 white, 24^
I 25»*jc; No. 2 rye, ESc; No. 2 barley, 39«44c;
iso. 1 fl&xseed, $1 18; prime timothy seed. $2 25:
mess pork, per barrel, $7 65@S 15; lard, per 100
I pounds, $5 26@5 47^i; short ribs sides (loose),
1 $4 95(&5 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6V3>
I 6}4c; short clear Bides (boxed), $5 50i?5 70;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
11 22; sugars, cut loaf, 6.70 c; granulated, 5.18 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 1X2,000 lS.onn
Corn, bushels 710, fK)0 455,000
Oats, bushels 353.000 225.000
Rye. bushels in CV) 40.000
Barley, bushels 106 OCO 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. 18@23c; dairy. 14
©19c. Cheese, firm; llVil2c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, ICVjc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2 6 3^ 6 4',
Closing 8 2 6 3V4 6 3%
PARIS.
heat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 90 19 90
Closing 19 00 i 20 00
Flour —
Opening 24 70 26 85
Closing 24 7; 26 00
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Porter Bros.' Company
snles California fruit: Peaches — Sal ways. $1 CO
box. Grapes— Tokays. 65c® $1 25 half crate and
Jl CO double crate; Muscats. 65c<j$l 30 half
crate; assorted, 90c@$l 85; Morocco, Jl@2 20;
Emperor. Jl@l 20; Cornlcho us, $1 20. Seven
cars aold.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Tokays,
66c05l single crate.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Early Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Malagas 60cf8
II single crate; Tokays. 65^11 05: Flemish
Beauty, Pears. Jl 15@2 13 box. Hungarian
Prune?— SOc single crate: Italian. 90ci{?Jl.
Porter Bros.' Company sales: Grapes — To
kays, 65?<<iSl 35 half erato; Tokay Clusters,
7Sc@sl in : Muscats. Kcfiftl 25 half crate; Moroc
co, Jl 10@2; assorted. 750@Jl 70; Verdels, 70c;
Fcrrerae, Jl 06. Quinces— sl 20@l 30 box.
P^ars— Vicar. $1 2"<£l 45 box; P. Barry. $1 60:
Winter Nellis, $1 S3; Doy dv Cornice Jl 70fi)
2 35; d'Alencon, Jl 66; Bartletts, $2 90 box.
Pc-aches— Pal ways, fl 45 box; Bllyeaua Si 45;
Free Stone 3, Jl 45 box. Nine cars' sold to-day.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 6.— The fifth ' series of the
wool sales closed to-day, with offerings of 11,
--419 bales. The selection was fair and the Con
tinent purchased good merinos after spirited
competition. Home buyers took the bulk of the
crossbreds offered. Inferior stock was diffl
cut to sell, even at easier rates. The general
fales closed with prices showing a better basis
than the early part of the aeries promised
During the series mi.noo bales were sold and
In. ooo were carried over. The home trade pur
chased 123.000 bales and the Continental buy
ers 5.1.000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 6.-Clearlngs, $391,352;
balances, $57,406.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 6. -Offerings of wheat
were phenomenally large to-day, the slight dip
in Chicago sending In a flood of Inquiries for i
bids, and if Portland exporter? had taken
everything offered they would have been very
much puzzled what to do with all of the grain
Walla Walla is quoted at 60c for No. ] and '■
a fraction more mipht be obtained for some
thing heavy. The even figure thnup-h was gen- :
erally regarded a? outside and valley was not
wanted at anything in excess of that sum.
WASHINGTI >N.
TACOMA. Oct. 6.— WHEAT— Steady; no
change; club, »9c; bluestem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. B.— Consols, im 7-16: silver.
1'V..1; French rentes, lOOf 65c: wheat cargoes off
| coast, buyers Indifferent operators; cargoes on
passage, firm, not active; r:irv ■•->.■< No. 1 stand
ard California, 31s 6Hd; cargoes Walla Walla,
80s; Enclish country markets, firm
LIVERPOOL,. Oct. 6.— Wheat, firm: ->o. 1
I Standard California, 6° 3Hd#6s 4d; wheat In
I Paris, steady; fl..ur in Paris, steady; French
; country markets, dull; weather in England
i fine.
COTTON— Upland?. Ss 31-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter.
Steady, *s id; No. 1 California. 6s 3d; No. 1
Northern spring, steady. 6s 4d. Futures—De
; cemlier. 6s 2.1; March. 6s 3'i.d; May. 6s 3"£d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, now, firm, 3s
?d ; American mixed, old, firm. 3s 9d. Futures—
Steady; October, 3s BV4d; November, 3s 8d;
I December, 3s 7"£d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 &8
New York Exchange, sight — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 45"4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures were oft again. Spot quo- !
tations showed no change. Chicago opened ;
weak under Snow's estimate of a crop of 565,. I
600,000 bushels and an increase of 2,000,000 bush- I
els for the week In the Northwest. The Ar
gentine shipments were 1,500,000 bushels over
the preceding week. St. Lou Is sold freely and
the bears hammered the market. Consols ad
vanced %c. The longs were selling- and the
shorts covering.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 07%©l OS%; milling.
$1 12V401 16.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Serslon— o'clock — December —
10,000 ctls, $1 13',;; 4000. $1 13%; 12,000, $1 13
May— $1 IS%; 16,000. $1 ls' 4 .
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 13
4000, $1 12%; 10,000, $1 12»i. May— l2,ooo. $1 IS.
Regular Morning Session — December — 16,000
ctls, $1 12%. May— 2ooo. $1 18.
Afternoon Session— ctls, $1 13. May—
$1 ISM : 4000, $1 IS%.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report,
the market remaining dull.
Feed, 7G@'S3%c; Brewing, 90(g97Hc: Chevalier.
| nominal. :—'•-,.;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session- 9: 1.1 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, — 4000 ctls,
84% c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market was dull and unchanged.
White, $1 05@l 22&; Red, $1 0501 15; Black, 92V4C
4/ SI 02V£.
COKiN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White and
mixed, $1 02V, 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9o(g9sc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras, $3 60<g>3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 SO® 4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 26® 8 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: CracKed wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6560696; In sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. r,. • ■
Hay and Feedstuff
Feedstuffg are firm and Hay is weak and
dull. This tells the whole story.
BRAN— SI 6 50(g17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50(61!) 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $17 50@18 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 501-T2R; Cocoanut Cake, $20(5T21: Cornmeal,
j $23 r.00f<24 50; Cracked Corn, $24«r25; Mixed Feed,
(16916 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7itfß .in for common to good
and $9^9 23 lor choice; Wheat and Oat. $<!*?>
8 50; Oat, $6^S: Barley, $5@7; Island Barley.
$506 60; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed.
$6 60<g 9.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds. ■ •
Beans continue firm with one or two ex
ceptions and prices are showing more or less
change every day. Pinks are weak. Llmas
are particularly stiff.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 S0«?l Pi: small white
$2 20@2 30; Large White. $1 So@l 90; Pinks, $1 90
©2; Reds. $3 75; Blackeye, $363 25; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $4 25; Pea, $2 15@2 30- Red
Kidneys, $2 15@2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Krown Mustard, 2>4®3c; • Yellow
Mustard, 3%@4c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3>/4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V4®3c: Hemp, 4®4U,c :
Timothy, 4£4^c. "
DRIED PEA'S- Nllea, $1 50@l 65; Green SI 75
@1 90 per ctl. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Good Corn Is selling rather better, but other
wise Vegetables show little change. The feel-
Ing Is firm, however, as receipts are steadily
growing smaller.
There is nothing new in Potatoes and Onions
except a decline In sweets.
POrATOfclb— Klver Ileus. 60®70o; Early Rose
40@'50c; Burbanks, 451070 c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, 75c§$l 25 for
Rivers and $1 40 for Merced. :_^-
ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onions. 50®
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2^@3o per lb;
String Beans, l&@2V4c; Lima Beans, 2@S%c;
Cabbage, 40(350c; Kiver Tomatoes, luwloc; Ala
meda Tomatoes, 15<jz25c; Egg Plant, 40@50c;
Green Okra. 50fi'f^ r ' per box: Dried < 'km 12'4c
per lb: Garlic, 2(?f3c; Green Peppers, 40@50c for
chili and 4<Vg&<>< > per box 'or Be" i!arr"»s>'«V9
40c per sack: Bay Cucumbers, 25@40c; Pickels,
$1 CO per ctl for So. l and 50c tor No. 2; Sum
mer Squash 40c: Marrowfat Squash, JSW7 r.n
per ton; Green Corn. 75c@?l per crate and 25«
50c per sack.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Game were slender and sold at a
very wide range, according to condition. Most
of them were half spoiled.
Poultry was fairly steady with sufficient
stocks. .■ S. "■ '■
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15#lfic for Gob
lers and 16@16c for Hens: Young Turkeys, 16©
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75®2: Goslings, $1 75@2;
i tucks, M-'..: : -or ■id am: «i '"Wi t'<r x '™lt'f:
Hens, $4@5 50; Young Roosters, $4 oo@o 50;
Old Roosters, $4 50®5; Fryers, $4; Broilers.
S3 2W?a ."i 1 for large. $S®3 2" for small^ Pistons,
Jl 25'g'l 50 per dozen for old and $1 75(52 25 for
$1 86®1 50: Mallard $4 50#fi:
Sprig:, 15: Teal. $1 85@3 50: Widgeon, »2:
Small Duck, $1 25@1 50; Doves. 60c per dozen;
Hare $125: Rabbits, 51 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for small; Gray Geese, $2: White, ;
English Snipe, per dozen: Jack Snipe, .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue to mave up under continually
decreasing stocks, but Cheese and Butter are
quiet and unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26@27c; seconds,
24@2f.c.
Dairy— Fancy. 23@24c; good to choice, 21@
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 2mfJ22%c: firkin, 21@21%c;
creamery tub, 22'A(ft23 l ,ic per lb.
Eastern, 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— mild new, lie; Old, 10<fr
10M;c: Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern. 14@
15c.
EGOS— Quoted at 22%©27 4 c for store and 32U(?!)
86c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 25i?T27Hc for
selected, 23@24c for No. 1 and 20@22'/2C for sec
onds.
Pcciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are very few Peaches and Plums seen
now. and even Fies are getting scarce. Quinces
are slow, with ample supplies. Melons are
steady at good prices.
The demand for Wine Grapes continues good
and the high prices are maintained.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS- •
Apples. 35<??60c per box for common and 75c
<a*\ for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $5 per chest; Straw
berries, $9010 per chest for small and $2'u4
for large berries; Raspberries. $.><;; per
chest; Huckleberries, 5(H7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, $6 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cranber
ries, SS.
Grapes. 25®40c for Black, SOW 10c for Muscat,
Ss(fi!soc for Tokay, 40@50c for Cornichon; crates
sell 10@15c higher; Wine Grapes, $22025 per ton
for Zinfandel, $20@23 for other black and $15®
20 for White.
Watermelons, JS'fiis per 100.
Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs, 23
@75c per box.
Pomegranates— 3sosoc per box.
Pears, Bartlett, $1 50@l 75 per box; Winter
Pears. 4 r "fi""' > Der box.
Figs, 35<§50c per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches, 50ciR$l per box.
Plums and Prunes, 30cS$l per box and
crate.
Quinces. 25#50c per box.
CITR'.'S FRUITS Lemons, $I@2 for com
mon and $3^4 for eood to choice; Mexican
Limes J y v'': California Limes. fl@l 50; Ba
nanas, Jl r "f''2 50 per bunoh; Pineapples, Sly
2 50 Der dozen.
Pried Fruits, Nuts. Raisins.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
The movement is g 1.
DRIED ITS— Prunes, in sacks, s'£c for
40-50' s, 4V*c for 50-f.O's, 3",.' for 60-70'
3> 4 '- ior 70-80's, 3@3%c for SO-90's and
2»/i<g2%c for 90-100 s; Apricots. 10@llc for
Royals, 14Q15c for Moorparks and 1240
I2\*c for Blenheims; Peaches. s@6c fur Stand
ards, 6\h<!\~,c for choice and 7 1 f><jiSe for fancy;
pet-led Peaches. ll@12c; Evaporated Apples, 6
@6%c; Sun-dried. «®sc per Ib; Nectarines, 7:
--,,-. per lb for red and S®9i for white; Pears,
Hi 7c for quarters and 7 1 ■_.'<;■■■ for halves; Black
Figs, 3c; White Figs, 6@6%c; Plums, s^i@6c for
dark and 7@7%C for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
llj 10c; choice, 9c; standard, So; prime, 6c; un
bleached ThomDSon's, per !b. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. S^c; choice, 7^c: standard, 6Vsc;
prime, '■<■; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, ,"'...•;
3-crown fie; 4-crown. 6%c; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $l 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.-
NUTS— Walnuts. B%c for standards and B%c
for loftshell; Almonds. lOU'QIIHc for paper
shell, 809 c for soft and 4«K>c fnr hardshell;
Peanuts, 5%®6%C for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. S%«T9c; Filberts, ll@ll%c;
Pecans 7V i > | gSc; Cocoanuts, $4 50(g5.
HONEY— Comb. HHc for bright and 10^4c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7 1 / i ( &7%c;
light amber extracted, 6M:@7c; dark, s^c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24(S'26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers continue to quote a satisfactory
market at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. »c per lb for heavy,
!>V.'i°e for light medium, ll^c for light, 13c for
extra light and ISUc for sugar-cured: Eastern
suj:ar-eured Hams, 13>^c; California Mams, 13c;
Mess Heef. $11 per bbl: extra Mess, Jl2 60; Fam
ily. $14: extra I'iime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
Jit; 50; mess, $15<f?15 T.O; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at fiffffi^c r'*r IL> for
compound and "V>c for pure; half barrels, pure,
Sc; 10-lb tins, f^c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6VS'7%c I>er lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue firmly held, but quiet. Hides
rule llrm, with an active demand.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 11©11% c; medium. lO^c: light. 10c; Cow
hides, D%<&loc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
We; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20930 c each; short
Wool. ar.'rii;r>e each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c<i?$l ltfeach; Horse Hides, salt. ?2@2 25 for
large and $1 2T@l 50 fcr small. Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44fKjc per 1b; No.
2, 4«J4V4c; refined, ; grease, 3@2V4c
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12(§14c for choice and 9@llHc
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— S*n Jcaquin Lambs, 8^10c; do
plains, 7(S'Sc: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. Vik@9c; Northern free, 9<311c; do, defect
ive TU.fi M-" per lb.
Jacob" Wollner's circular says:. "Although the
London sales now in progress are reported with
a good attendance and extreme prices being
paiU, and although the Eastern markets are
reported strong and active, still our local mar
ket Is comparatively quiet. Generally the local
market goes in advance of the Eastern and Eu
ropean markets. Some wools have been sell-
Ing, but not at extreme prices, and the mar
ket can be quoted quiet, with very little in
quiry from brokers or Eastern ageMs for
either scoured or grease wools at any higher
rates than have prevailed In the last four or
five weeks.
"At the Red Bluff sales last week about 2200
bales were offered and sold at 10@12c, which
was really l@2c per pound more than the mar
ket at present justifies, but as there are about
three million pounds less mountain wool this
year, owing to the fact that sheep were kept
out of the national parks, there is a keen com
petition for all free fall wool.
"There Is still considerable wool in this mar
ket. The country is pretty well bought up,
but very little wool Is coining in on consign
ment.
"Owing to the rise in freight rates to the
East, more wool has been shipped out in the
last three days than for a long time past, both
scoured and In the grease."
HOPS— at 10(*i12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market shows no change. Supplies of all
descriptions about balance the demand.
BEEF— per lb for Steers and «*s@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7«?IOc per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers, 7@7Hc; Ewes. 6%<§>7c
per lb.
LAMB— Sprlrg. S@SUc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5V.@5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and Spiffs Vie for large; stock hogs and
Feeders. &>i#CV<..c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7%c; Wool
Bags. 26@28c; Fruit Bags. s^c, ii^c and
6c for three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached Jute. ' : -:.-';>■
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $$; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 SO in hulk and $10 75
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12,
Cannel. IS per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
RlCE— China mixed. $3 65<ff3 70; China No 1
$4 40@4 80; extra do, $4 9095 20; Hawaiian $5®
6 BO; Japan. $4 20@4 80; Louisiana, $S@6.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenr-ing Com
pany quotes, term" net cash. In 100-lb bacs:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, oS^c; Pow
dered, S^c; Candy Granulated, oc; Dry Granu
lated, 4%e; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A. — : Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra. C, 4%c; Golden
C, *Mc; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels Vie
more; boxes. He more: 50-lb bags, He more
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half -barrels, 5%c; boxes
£74c per In.
CANNED GOODS— The Forrest Hall takes for
All iSIRi SAI rS
£* JUST ARRIVED, £*
FORTY head of DRIVING, DRAFT ana WORK
HORSES. Well broken. Matched teams.
Horses weighing 1000 to 1808. Also two fine
Saddle Horses, very stylish.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
(Successors to Killlp & Co.),
Live Stock Auctioneers,
1732 Market street, corner Van Ness.
Liverpool 41.23S mses canned fruit, valued at
$147,067, and 61,116 cases salmon, at $206,746.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER S.
Flour, qr sks ISIG Mustard, sks 780
Wheat, ctls 1770 Beans, .-ks n;,o
Barley, ctls 7680 Potatoes, sks z<m
Cats, ctls 342h Onions, sks 409
Butter, ctla 12-- Bran, sks 1327
c, ctls 168 Middlings, sks ... 150
Brandy, g]s 44,'iU Hay, tons 627
Wine, gla 28,800 Straw, tons 6
her, rolls .... 297 Hops, hales 217
Quicksilver, 11k5... 5 a 4V>
176 Hidi B, No 653
Eggs, doz 4800 Sugar, l.bls. 9800
Flaxseed, sks 1280 S;:,4ar, sks lutX)
OKKi.it N.
Wool, bales S
Family Retail Market.
Butter is dearer. Eggs are also higher.
Cheese is unchanged.
Meats and Poultry are about the same as they
were last week. Game is very dear and beyond
the reach of the ordinary purse. Fish shows
a few changes.
There is nothing new in Fruits and Vege
tables. The season is drawing to a close, and
from now on all supplies will steadily grow
lighter.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ — -©10 00 (Castle Gate.. .s9 00®
Wellington . @10 00 Southfield
New Welling- Wellington ■ @9 50
ton @10 00 Coos Bay @7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per I Common Eggs 25030
square 55@60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 4.V</.JO| dozen 37@40
Do, good 45@ — Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal -•'■.•l.'. pound 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. Do, extracted.. ..—©lo
Cheese, Swiss 20@25
Meats, Der lb—
Bacon 12@17|Pork, fresh 15020
Beef, choice 18i@20 Pork, salt 12015
Do. Rood 10®15 Pork Chops 15<@18
Corned Beef —#10 Round Steak 10@12
Ham, Cal — @15 i Sirloin Steak IS®—
Do, Eastern ..ll^Ot— Porterhouse, d0...20@25
Lard 12^15 Smoked Beef 12016
Mutton 1"-;1." Pork Sausages.. 2o
Lamb 12@15lVeal 15©20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50-265 Grouse, per pair.. — &—
Young Roosters, Page Hens, pair... — &—
each 50^65 Quail, per doz..sl 75@2
Old Roosters. ea..suftiC> Mallard, per pr.sl@l 50
Fryers, each — f(f-:<0 ! Sprig, per pair.. 75c
Rroilcrs. each .....".."'■■;■ Teal, per pair 50(5'75
Turkeys, per 1b..20#22 Widgeon, per pr.50|?65
Ducks, each SOfeti Imall Duck, per
Geese. each..Jl 25'al .V pair 40^50
Pigeons, pair 4L'f?.'.i Wild Geese, per
Rabbits, pair — — @4 pair 40@50
Hare, each —®2i>i English Snipe, dz.J4®s
Doves, per doz $1 00 Jack Snipe, dz..sl
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 15@20 Limes, per d0z...15@20
Apples Vfi C Pears, per lb 5<9 6
Bananas, doz — 20025 Peaches, per lb.. S'fMO
Blackberries, per Plums, per 1b.... 6® I
drawer —'540 1 Raisins, !b 6<#lQ
Cantaloupes, earr.lOSi2(i liaspberries, per
Cranberries, qt...10@12 drawer 30@40
Nutmeg Melons... .' ■■; in ■ Strawberries, per
Figs, per lb 5@ 6| drawer 25'i?50
Grapes, per lb ','■; 6 1 Walnuts, lb 12@15
Huckleberries, lb.lOft 12 i melons, ea..10@25
Lemons, doz 20@25l
Vegetables
Artichokes, doz... 2s@so [Lentils, lb 6@ 8
Beets, doz 12^15 1 Lettuce, doz 150—
Beans, white, lb.. i'a 5 finions. lb 2<s> 3
Colored, lb 43 s|Peppers, green, lb 6<§) t
Lima, lb 6ff—j Potatoes, lb 3© B
Cabbage, each ... E®lo Sweet Potatoes... 3® 4
Cauliflowers, each 5-510 : Parsnips, doz ....l'' ; —
Celery, bunch ... "T; — ! Radishes, dz bchslof?l2
] Cucumbers, d0z. ..12 Sago, doz bnch5...25@35
<"'ress. doz bnchs.2<iW3.i I String Beans, lb. 5@ 6
; Egg Plant, per lb 6@ s! Summer Squash,
Green Corn, per I per lb — fr 5
dozen Thyme, lb 20©30
Green Okra, pr lb at — Turnips, doz 10(^15
Green Peas, 1b... 5@ 6 Tomatoes, lb . v .-- 4@ 5
Fish, cer lb—
Barracuda 15@— [Shrimps 8f?10
Carp —#12 Shad 12«15
Codfish 12@15 Sea Bass —&12
Flounders 12®— Smelts — @15
Halibut 15@— Soles 12(f?ir,
Herring —Hi — ] Skates, each 10@15
Kingftsh 12® — Tomcod — @15
Mackerel — — Clams, gal 50@ —
Do Horse — ff— !Do hardshell, 100.40(350
Perch — <&12 |Crabs, each 10@15
Pompano — (a— Do softshell, d0z.25@35
Ro.kfish — #13 Mussels, qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o(fi- Oysters, Cal, 100..30®50
Salmon, fresh ... — I—iDo,1 — iDo, Eastern, d0z.25@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
There were few changes In securities. Giant
Powder sold at $7<; 12V37S S7"-a and Paauhau
Plantation at $35 75^36 50. S. V. Water sold
up to $100 87
Mining stocks -were considerably stronger
and prices were better, all along the line,
though there was no particular Improvement
in business. The tolegram from the pump
said: "R^n No. 2 elevator one hour and No.
1 elevator twenty hours and twenty-live- min
utes. At 6:30 this morning the water was
twenty-three feet below the 1950-foot level
station."
The Consolidated California and Virginia
assessment falls delinquent In board to-day.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Old Bonanza Mining Company has been called
for December 5 to vote upon a proposition to
diminish the capital stock from $1,200,000, di
vided into 120,000 shares of the par value of
$10 each, to $120,000. divided Into 120,000 shares
of the par value of $1 each.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works paid the
thirtv-flfth dividend of 60c per share on the
sth.
A letter from the Justice mine says: "We
are still engaged in cutting down the grade
of our south drift to correspond with the level
of the old north drift. This work was ad
vanced IS feet during the week. The rock In
the bottom la very hard."
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
! pay a dividend of 40c per share on the 10th
The California Street Cable Company will
I pay a dividend of f.Oc per share on the 11th
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
dividend of 60c per share on the 10th.
The Mutual Electric Company Is nayinir it«
first dividend of 8c per chare. * *
The Oakland Gaslight Company will pay a
dividend of 2Cc r>er share on the 16th
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay the usual dividend*
on the 10th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• FRIDAY, Oct. 8-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I rjifj «_i-
U S Bonds- Mutual El Co 15 16
Is quar coup.. — — OGL&H. _ so
;(a quar reg.... — — Pcp c Gas Imp.. 65% —
Is quar new... — 131% a ,' L Co 41 _
i 3S i>?, Uar ,, COUp " - !S F G & E.V.'. 64« 6314
Miscellaneous— San Fran 31* is?
Stockton Gai it
C C Wat te..108%109 Insurance-""
Kd L & P 6s.i3u — Firem's Fund 225 —
F&CI Ry BsilH _ Bank Stocks-
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal _ co
H C & S s %s :iofi - Bank of CaIT.SSO 400
L A Ry 05....105>4- Cal SD & T.. 97 &
L A LOs fa., ay - Fjrst Nation! ; _ 245
D gntd 65.. 99 — L O n P& A 12SU _
L D °|'« d^:,:;. - Mer Exch«ge^ 5
r. , p R "5.103 — Xcv Nat Bk IS4 —
'n^fW?-^ 129 Savln «
Do Ist M Ss.lir. — Ger SAt I ic^n
NR of Cal sb. - tWA S F Say U 800
N PC R R Bs. 106 108 Say & 1 5W ~
V. £■ , R os.lOf — Sec Say Bk — 310
OGL I H "tins., ~ Ini ° T C ° :ii °° l«0
v It ii « 11 aS.IOS',4 — Street n a |l rr
Oak Trans G s .lll' 4 l California ..!?!?"
--"m C Ry 65.. — — " Geary "" 50
" a n *? « S -1?I HO Market-sf ■.:'.:: 63% m
Pk &O Ry (.s.llo - Oak SL & H —
P^-st R6s. - 121% Presidio .7....". 21*-
sap El G&R5s. — — Powder—
BF& N p 53.113% — California 150 165
PR & S JVd5.114%115 X DySamlte"' »
I p y of° f A C £ *" - 108^ ?4 an * n Con te Co: 78T. 7^
S Per,, ,,:-,- f?* v '-""-'t_ : 8U 2^4
SP C 65(1906). — _ Hana P Co 14 UM
I P C^T^ l^ 118 «a a w a c P & C S°Co Ik "1
ic£ 1? r' S 3S ',!,'"' v ~ Honokaa SCo 34^ 35
I Xr w t J 6s --- 1 M IK^ J < !^uea 5 Co.. - 30
sv^w/ «i";iS?S - Al akaweli SC. - 49^
ltt» /- (3 l m)101?i ~ Onomca S Co. 38 -
Stktn Gas 65.. — no Paauhau S Co 35% -
v\ ater Stocks- Miscellaneous-
Contra Costa.. <*'; — Al Pack Assn.ll7%llß^
Marin Ul , ty . sr, _ Mer Vx ssn _ * 100
Spring Valley.loo%lol Oceanic S Co.. S6',£ SS
Gas and Electric- p uc A F A.... I* -
Central Gas Co - - | ac C Bor Co. 145 -
gquitV^co: hi Par Paint Co ** -
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 68 25
60 Equitable Gas 5 87%
10 Giant Powder Con 7S 124
Continued on Page Thirteen,I , OF THE j
V V BAT CITIES//
2/
METHODISTS IN
FAVOR OF NOT
PAYING TAXES
Violently Oppose the
Seating of Roberts.
- ♦
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 6.
The Methodist Church South favors the
exemption of church property from taxa
tion. After a discussion at the conference
to-day on the adoption of the amendment
"to the constitution the following resolu
tion was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That we, the members
of the Pacific Conference of the M©th
odist Episcopal Church South indorse
the amendment and cordially commend
It to the favorable consideration of
our people.
"Resolved, That the conference ap
point an advisory committee O. three
v.liich shall co-operate with similar
committees from other denominations
in bringing this measure to the atten-
tion of ihe people."
The special committee appointed by
Uishop Duncan to frame a protest to the
sealing of 'Congressman-elect B. H. Rob
erts of Utah presented the following,
which wits adopted:
"Resolved. That the aggressive atti
tude of the Mormon church with its
3500 Mormon missionaries and her boast
of 7000 additions within the last year
should arouse the peope of this country
and the church of Christ to Increased
vigilance and activity. We advise our
preachers and people everywhere to
be on their guard against these prose
lyting elders.
"Resolved, That the election of B.
11. Roberts of Utah, an avowed polyg
amist, to the House of Representatives
Of the Fifty-sixth Congress is an af
front to civilization. We call upon
every member of the House of Repre
sentatives and of the Senate to use all
honorable means to secure the expul
sion of said Roberts from the House of
Representatives. Also that the Sen
ate and House of Representatives pro
ceed to take proper steps to render by
fit legislation polygamy under any
guise a crime punishable by severe
penalties."
This morning was the time fixed for
tearing reports on the character of mem
bers and the state of work in the various
churches. This part of the programme
Is always very personal and brings out
many interesting and amusing features
of church life.
Bishop Duncan, taking the burning of
the Baptist church in San Francisco as
an example, said that it is not a business-:
Ilk..- policy to Ignore the lnsuranco of
church property. He said there was no
economy ;n saving the price of an Insur-
OJice poncy.
This afternoon the ladies held thoir
conference and discussed home mission
work. To-night Bishop Duncan preached
on missions. To-morrow night the as
signments of ministers for the coming
year will be read by the Bishop.
OAKLAND
SOCIETY
Otion to
■
ety. This return
■
t, for it is
I
and • rs are
Ex-Mayor
■ ■ less than I
-
pled with the knowl
narrv none
erved in the war
• :■ the
• ma bride is an Oakland
the unforeseen happens
n will be held October 21.
■ ■ busy. The
ub held its first gat;
...
emblies. The patron-
Mrs. A. A. Moore, Mrs. W. S
- J. a. Chase, Mrs. H. K.
:s. W. 11. Checkering, Mrs. T.
ii. Mrs. M. W. Kales, Mrs.
i Mrs. J. F. Sims.
The first dance of the Winter Cotillon
Clut> was a. perfevt success. The tlrst set
included: Miss Marietta Havens and John
MeNab. Miss May Young and Jack Hoff
man, Miss Carrie Colt and George Ses
sions, Miss Gertrude Gould an William
Smith, Miss .Lena Everett and Whipple
Hall; Miss May Kenna and Mr. Valentine,
Miss Ada Kenna and Miss Robinson, Miss
Helen Eaton of Los Angeles and Clarke
Brlggs, Miss Braden and Mr. Braden,
Miss "Sadie Hale and Will Olney.
r Klub of this city ten
t anquet to I>r. Kohlmoos, who
• : • rom a trip to i ler
i ims on Twelfth -
Boveraux act<
■
made' bj
Dr. H. I.
rs. I '-. Kohl
.
iim, and the
• ■ . rhere -■..:.- ,:
the ( ierman-Ami
■ ■ has been arranged
• it. Two •■■
•;• will gather at the
p the 'Oak
' i cms of tho
At every point
1 t l^i^li 141^
Extra Pale
lUAU Till S d&fivi^
is fortified against the
1 ,
modern tendency to
lower quality that the
1 i
price may be cheap-
ened.
By the aid of sci-
ence and modern
methods we are en-
abled to use the best
materials, and the
most skilled labor.
The product is a beer
that sells on its merit.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California BottUne Co.
»«07-i7 Hail St.
OAKLAND WILL PAY OFF HER
DEBT TO THE MONTANA BOYS
Many Are Working for the Success of the Big Reception.
OAKLAND. Ocl week from
to-morrow . . rs will b»
1 by this city, and Oakland
Will show !..-■
fun Ished ■ I :.i<-nt to
Alarm tj in the sham
■ ■•• that
■ ien ;!.<- i •>■;!:>
sham ban!.' and
was covered with
■n wii h all that a; •
■. boys have
been to the Philippine tirii : . d
have honorably relinquished th<- duties
kindergarten ar«- Mrs, John Gilchrist, j
Mrs B. M. Pr ■ • tarj ;
■in, Mrs.
E - 1 Murdock, treasurer; Mrs. Ed\
. Mrs. Lloyd Rawlings, Mrs J. I>.
. : Mi -. .~v J. Tny
.. ■- • :■>. Mrs. Dr. H
Mrs. E. .■-. Englc hardi . Mrs.
C. K. Brown, Mrs.
Mrs kroft,
i:.].'- tton, Mrs.
s. i l . < - Mi G B. ] >aniels, Mrs.
! tow, Mrs. .J. A. Doyle, Mrs. Wil
. Mi>. Edward
.. Mrs. Even tt, Mrs. Edwin 1"
Mrs. John • . ' ' l Gorri
ton. Captain Ha Mrs Mrs.
Mrs. Richard Lyman, Mrs. a. N.
Mrs. E. F. Murdock, Mrs Ha- -
dall, Mrs. R. M. E»rlce, Miss Jane Rawl-
JLfsfi Bhaw, Mrs. I". M. Smith, Mrs.
S .1 Taylor, Miss Taylor and Mrs.. \V. T.
h.
Misses B Taft
ar»- In X w York, i
for the hie; city m'Xt week.
. ( >akland< • it In New
Y<>rk. Among prominent Lakeside citi
rhoraaa Cn
arles Holt Another family parly *
In N ■■'■ 'i irk ar»' Mr. and Mrs. K. <;. Lu
kens and Dr. an*l Mrs. Mv -
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith, Miss Grace
and M ss Marian Smith are it the
Waldorf-Astoria, ha-. - - Isl
. ■ . ■ eat yacht i
Mr. and M rs. '. I lush and Mrs.
Thomas Magee are still in New York.
Mr. and Mrs. William Gardiner Cooke,
■ the Holland 1 1
but sailed last week for E trope.
Tho Oakland Club, which is fast grow
ing in popularity ami w per
plans for th< establishment of
a Bection for teaching practical house
g. The rlub has brought out Miss
Mary E. Yuorhies from the Pratt Jn^ii
tute at Brooklyn. Mrs. Robert Wai
chairman, Miss Mary Lambert secretary
and Mrs. Hair.ard treasurer of the do
meptic service branch. Speaking to-day
of the work, Mrs. YV'att sai'!:
teacher, Mis? Mary E. Voorhies,
and eng forming a
ses. Another teacher Is to
rided. In a building ! ■ desig
■ will be a large cooking i
containing sixteen Btoves, with Individual
and sinks, an etfually large sewing
room and smaller apartments arri
as a model of the parlor, ii\ing room
I a home. Although the Oak
land School of Domestic Bcience has no.
.. affiliation at present with similar ;
:■. ns < ■-■ -w here. 0 ■ cry possibly
ted at tii" National Asbo
of Domestic Selena whose eon
mention is to b< held In Chicago Novem
b r !. which all cluba carrying on work ■
of this nature are invited to attend."
\v. G. Palmenteer, Roscoe Havens,
Judge F. v. Wood :i!.'i Herman Bagehorn
■ returned from ihelr hunting trip
tv the * >re They kill d lif
arge blaok bear.
SALOON-KEEPERS ARE
PLACED UNDER ARREST
j Machinery of the Law Put in Motion
to Enforce the New Prohibi
tion Ordinance.
BEHKELKY, Ort. 6.— Pour arrests were
made to-day for violations of the muni
cipal ordinance which forbids the sale of
Intoxicating liquors within the corporate
, limits of the city. The men pli ced under
■ ■:■ ; George Federwitz, D. Newell,
Namara and Chris Hchlenker.
The new law which forces all the sa
. loons "f the town to close theii doors
i went Into effect on the Ist of this month.
I The liquor mci ced that they
would not comply with \>.<- provisions <>t
;the ordinance ami would fighi the matter
,'itn the temperance people in court.
1 The Wholesale Liquor Dealers' Associa-
I tion has taken up the fight on their behalf
■ |4QOO now lies in the treasurj
1 fund with which to conduct the defense,
iloon in the city obeyed the ordin
and all have been doing busings
it went into effect.
The police have ppent the last two or
days In gathering evidence against
i th^ dealers. The four arrested mo?
r i-daj brought before Judge Edgar, whc.
;•. thf sum of 800 each. They
will be arali ned on Monday mi-mi: g
tobe.r &.
CLEAVES SENTENCED.
Fined 5250 for Striking His Aged
Father-in-Law.
AI^AMEDA. Oct. Fred 1., Cleaves,
who was convicted of battering his aged
father-in-law, the Rev. George Morris,
appeared In the Recorder's Court for sent
ence 1 1 » V* morning. Judge St. Sure fixed
the fine at $250 or 125 clays in the County
Jail. "Cleaves gave notice of appeal to the
Superior Court, and pending the appeal he
was released on bonds of $500, his bonds
men being George W. Macßea and Robert
G. Elmer.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1599.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
of war tn those qualified to carry them
ft-. Th Bret Idea was to bring the
Regiment here and t
a banquet. Now the ambition
own ami General Shatter and
1 aye been invited, and if the
is troops arrive In time they also
will be invited to participate in < >ak
iand's hospitality under the willows.
tor I'crkins and Congressman
If have promised to be present to
;;iii in the reception and a chorus of 25U
voices is being organized by A. M.
Benham, whose duty it will be ti>
CHARITY THAT
WAS REPAID A
HUNDRED FOLD
Unlucky Russian Is
Now Quita Rfch.
Oakland Ofiice San Fran, isco Call,
90S Broadway, < >'-t. 6.
The Russian colony in this city is highly
elated over the success attending a little
of charity that was done nearly a
year ago. it lias resulted in one of the
unfortunate of their number acquir
ing an Independent fortune and sending
for his family to enjoy it with him on the
Yukon.
ut a year ago B. Ouhwahn was
fighting off starvation for his family of
nine in West Oakland. !!<• was largely
an object of charity and was unable to
procure work. Being a native of Alaska,
Ouhwahn believed that if lie could ■■
tin Yukon h.? could obtain his share of the
gold. li<- could talk the native language
and believed that this knowledge- would
make it possible for him to learn from
the India:. s the location of somp rich ter
ritory that other prospectors could not
find.
His people took the matter under advise
ment, and finally concluded to Bend Ouh
wahn to thi j Yukon and to look after his
children until he should strik<- it rich. He
went north, and last spring he returned
with ( nough gold to remove his family
from th'ir cramped quarters on Third
street to a comfortable resident n Ade
line street. He returned at once to the
Yukon and met with such good luck that
he has Bent down funds for his family to
join him anil to pay back what was ad
vanced him. His family left yesterday
for the north, where Ouhwahn has a pay
ing gold mine, a productive farm and a
nice ii"me.
ESCAPED THE ASYLUM
IN A LUCID INTERVAL
OAKLAND, Oct. C— assuming an air
I of ( plausibility and rational calm while
arraigned before Judge Greene on a
I charge of insanity Alcxnnder H. Ben ton,
■ aged 30 years, and a son of Charles H.
I Benton, escaped being committed to an
insane asylum, though Drs. Btratton and
I Dunn, sitting as a Board of Lunacy Com
missioners, had recommended his com
mitment. In fact, notwithstanding the
doctors opined that Benton would be un
safe at large, Judge Greene discharged
him.
Benton first attracted attention a few
' days ago when he was found sweeping
up straw in the yard of the Sixth street
engine house. He spent two hours sort
ing the clean straws from the soiled.
■ First he claimed to be guarding railroad
property, then he was a clerk, a brake
man, a trackwalker and what -not. He
also Imagined he had a "divining rod,"
1 with which he could locate people at any
! distance. Yesterday when taken to the
I hospital Be asserted that he expected a
! position in the Fire Department. When
released he declared he would go to San
Francisco to study law. An officer very
promptly paid his ferry ticket.
MRS. BARNES IS NOW
FREE TO MARRY AGAIN
OAKLAND. Ort. B.— Judge Ellsworth to
day granted James H. Barnes a divorce
from Air?. Beatrice A. Barnes, on the
ground of infidelity, and the latter Is now
free to marry outside of this State Ed
ward 11. JicNevln, who is named in the
complaint as corespondent.
In fart Mrs. Barnes and MoNevin were
married by a Justice of the Peace In
Reno. Ney., some aays ago, the parties
laboring under a misapprehension that
the divorce had been granted a week or
bo ago. Mr. Barnes, however, has rnnde
n point <>f this alleged bigamous mar
riage, seemingly being satisfied with free
!nir himself from his erring spouse. The
custody of the minor child, Ruth M
Barnes, was awarded in thp plaintiff.
Master Plumbers' Banquet.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— The Master Plum
bers' Association of Alameda County held
a lovefeast and banquet la.=t evening at
Gier'f Hall. A feature of the occasion
was the presentation of a locketeharm
to President F. P. Furey of Alameda.
During the progress of the banquet songs
were suns and sjjeech,es terse and spicy
supply a programme of patriotic songs.
J. W. McClymonds and T. (). craw
ford, the City and County School Su
perinteniients. are in charge of tho
floral element in the programme, and
they intend to have SOOO school chil
dren bombard the volunteers with
flowers as they pass up Broadway. The
National Guard, Veteran Rt
Mexican Veterans and Grand Army of
the Republic men will be in line, but
as it la Intended to have a strictly
military parade no civic societies will
be invited.
delivered. The committee of arrange
■ '•■ up of J. N. Bonham,
Messrs. Kirk, Neal, Fischer and Martin.
Ami ng those present were: J. H. Arm
g. 0. C. Kirk, William Mclntyre
George T. Burtcbaell, Charles Fisher .)
Cook. H. C. Bullock, L. Hufschmldt, H.
Eiufschmidt, F. A. Ruhlston, K. Owens J
Oahler. Alameda; F. P. Furey, Alameda;
J. H. Bonham, D. Crowley, J. B. Cruz
James B. Britt, San Francisco; C. T Mc-
Carthy, Han Francisco: \?illiam Quinn,
F. Kerner, A, Newmark, G. C. Sweeney
J. I>. Bertram, ii. F. Maddern, Louis
ivahrs, A. H. McKown, S. Brophy T
HuttiTi. WUliam Brodericfc T>. A O'Brien
•' A. Mi > iri. John J. CouglUan, T G.
Brady, j. Martin. E. R. Turn. M. J
Mitchell, Robert Dalziel .Tr., I. J. Menges
J. Hems, Milton Campbell, Ban Jose;
Neal !<• Kolk-h. F. Koch. San Francisco;
J. H. Brock, San Francisco.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
TO VISIT STANFORD
BERKKT.KV. Oct. 'V -President Renja
min [de Wheeler of the University of
( 'aiit' \-,:i', has accepted an Invitation to
Cord University next Tuesday,
October i". The president will spend th>
entire day on the college grounds as the
guest of President David Starr Jordan
and the student body. During the course
of tile day he will deliver a public address
before the students and the faculty in the
university chapel. A large public n-eep
tlbn i.-^ being arranged in his honor.
On Baturaay evening, October 7. Presi
dent Wheeler will be the jrue^t of honor
at a banquet t<> I>>? given by the members
of the Stanford faculty in Ban F"ran<
The heads <■;' the departments of the Uni
versity of California faculty will also be
present.
Berkeley in the A. A. L.
BERKELEY, Oct. 6.— Berkeley High
Bohool will In- represented by an umi.«;i
ally strong team in the peml'-anmial field
day of the Academic Athletic League, to
be held on the University of California
cinder track to-morrow afternoon. The
entiles are as follows:
IW-vari da^h- Volz. Duggan; 44n.yard dash—
71 Hartley. SUihle; 22<"'-ynrd da»h— J. Hartley;
r.i run— Dobbins; "nt* mile run — Harrl-
BOn, Dobbins; one mile walk— McKep; 220-yar.l
hurdles— Kruschke. liwln; pole vault— lrwin;
rumilriK broad jumr 1 — Isu(?«an, '/:. Hartley;
Bhotput— Vols; relay race-// Hartley. J Hart
ley. C. Volfc. K. KruEchkr, AY. Whttlook, H.
Irwln.
John Kauffmann Is Missing.
BERKELEY, Oct. 6.— John G. Kauf
mAiin, sin aged resident of West Berke
ley ami 11 Grand Army veteran, is misstng
from his home, 1445 Fourth street. The
old man wandered away about In o'clock
yesterday morning and has not been
heard from sinco. It is thought that his
feeehl< r.c^p may be responsible for his
absence, as he had not strength sufficient
to help himself if injured. Search parties
: are on the lookout for him. ami Marshal
: I.loyd has de.Luiled two of hip deputies
upon the cafe.
GIVEN A YEAR TO REPENT.
John H. Buchanan Receives the Full
Penalty of the Law.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 6.— John H. Buchanan,
' who pleaded guilty to two charges of bat
tery In the Justice Court yesterday after
; oon, was sentenced by Justice Morris
this morning to- serve six months In the
County Jail on each of the two charges.
Buchanan's olfensea were committed
against the two little daughters of Ed
ward Hall of 3243 Brlggs avenue, on Sep
terobex 2-1.
"You are worse than a beast of the
field," Justice Morris said in sentencing
him, "and your offenses make it necessary
to put you where you cannot repeat
them."
"It is nil a blank to me," Buchanan
pleaded.
"I hope your imprisonment," Justice
Morris replied, "will not be a blank, hut
a lesson to you. 1 will sentence you 10
the full penalty— six months in the County
Jail on the first charge and six months oil
the second."
Buchanan had made some complaint
that his attorney, Judge M. P. Wlggln,
had neglected his case and Justice Morris
took occasion to say that his complaint
was unfounded, and that everything pos
sible to be done had been done by hia
attorney.
Buchanan was taken to the County Jail
this afternoon.
Colored Woman Attacked in the Dark.
I OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— Mrs. "William Jo
sephs, colored, reported to the police to
iiight that she was assaulted shortly, after
7 o'clock In front of her home, 806 Jeffer
son street, by a tall white man, who had
followed her for several blocks. She stated
that the stranger threw hi« arms around
1 her just as she was entering her gate
! and endeavored ! to throw her down, but
' her screams caused him to desist and
; hurry away In the darkness. She declares
j that she did not get a good view of the
! stranger's face and would be unable to
I identify him.
CAUGHT IN A
TANGLE OVER
A LAND DEAL
Weller's Suit Against
Barber and Wife.
Oakland Offico San Francisco Call,
MS Broadway, Oct. 6.
The long- delayed deposition of Alvan D.
Brii-k. taken at the National Home for
Disabled Veteran Soldiers at Hampton,
Va., where he is an inmate, was offered
in evidence to-day in the complicated land
case of H. O. Weller against Dr. E. T.
Barber and wife, Matilda Lunt, Barber,
now on trial in Judge Ellsworth's court,
wherein plaintiff seeks to recover two
thlrds of J27.50H, as the proceeds from a
sale of land in Los Angeles County to the
Pacific Improvement Company.
The Brock deposition had been delayed
mainly on account of yellow fever break
ing out at the home several months ago.
Brock is a printer, agod HS years, and ac
cording to his deposition was swindled
out of his land during the boom at San
Pedro ten years ago. and the matter has
been in litigation ever since, Involving
many peopli . besides the Southern Pacilic
Railroad Company and the Pacilic Im
provement Company.
The story of trie present suit is a long
and complicated one. in June, i y< 7. A. W.
Timms sold or bonded t.> Alvan I>. Brock
a certain 704-acre tract in ihc Rancho
Palos Veroes for $;.'." /m". pa\abie in install
ments. A month later Brock bonded to
John \V. Pearson, assigning to the latter
his agreement witli Timms, in considera
tion that Pearson would pay the full
amount of the purchase price and take
title to himself and convey to Brock an
undivided one-fourth interest, free and
clear of inoumbranoes.
Now. according to the complaint. Poar
son took a deed to himself in the name of
his agent, H. V. Burner, and when Brock
demanded a conveyance to himself of his
one-fourth interest Pearson refused.
Brock then bu< d Pearson for a decree that
the latter held the one-fourth interest in
trust. The case went to the Supreme
Court, and eventually, in February, 1891,
Brock got a decree tor one-eighth interest
and requiring Pearson to execute a deed
for that share. In the meantime the Sn u
Pedro Harbor i>ock and Land Association,
the Southern Pacifl< Extension Company,
with full knowledge of the foregoing
facts—so the complaint recites— purchased
from Pearson certain interests and were
then made parties defendant. Pearson
still refused to give Brock a deed for his
share, and, being without means to prose
cute the suit. Brock sold his interest
against I', arson to Benjamin F. Atiurton,
who, on February 1850, sold to the pres
ent plaintiff, H. O. Well< r.
Now, prior to the Brock-Pearson case
trial, Weiier entered into an agreement
with E. T. Barber, continues the com
plaint, whereby the latter agreed to un
dertake, and with reasonable speed to ail
just and settle, nil differences between
Brock and Pearson and other defendants;
that he would retain and employ counsel
to press settlement, it was agreed that
the proceeds from the litigation 01
of the property, after all other claims
had been settled, should be divided in
I three parts, plaintiff to receive two part.-,
or two-thirds, and Barber one-third, in
full compensation for his Bervices. Later
Brock also deeded his interest to Barbi r
for the same purpose of carrying out this
same trust agreement between plaintiff
and Barber.
Barber now becoming vested with the
legal title to the tract, In trust, neverthe
less, for plaintiff. Brock, and one L. M.
ton, an Intermediate grantee, the
complaint says he delivered to Stratton
a trust agreement wherein he (Barber)
declared Btratton to be entitled to one
auarter of all moneys or property coming
from the eventual settlement, or from a
decree In the Brock-Pearson suit, and
Btratton deeded to A. E. Davis nil his
interests. Continuing, the complaint re
• That on January 20. 1890, Barber cxc
i a deed to his wife, Matilda I.unt
Barber, conveying all his interests, upon
an alleged consideration of love and af
fection.* * * The deed was recorded
February 18, 1896. * * * Mrs. Barber was
cognizant of all matters and knew of the
or ginal trust deed and knew the deed she
received was in fraud of plaintiff's inter
■ sts and the other beneficiaries. • • * On
March 11, 1597, defendants agreed to sell
to the Pacific Improvement Company the
one-eighth interest for 127,500. They so
sold and received the money, * • * and
subsequently defendants denied and re
pudiated the original trust, denying that
plaintiff was entitled to any right or in
terest in the proceeds of the sale- to the
Pacific Improvement Company."
In conclusion the very lengthy com
plaint recites that Barber willfully disre
garded his obligations under the trust;
that Barber and wife conspired to defraud
plaintiff of his interest and the proceeds
of the sale; that defendants are execution
proof.
In his prayer Weller asks that the court
decree that Barber received the convey
ance In trust; that the deed to Mrs. Bar
ber is without consideration; that defend
ants be required to account for the
proceeds; that they be declared guilty of
fraud: that some disinterested party be
■ inted receiver.
The trial has already occupied three
days, and In all about thirty-seven deeds
have been submitted as exhibits, and more
are promised. The case for ((implications
rivals any that has come within Judgo
Ellsworths scope to hear.
The light thrown on tho complications
by Brock In his deposition is rather hazy.
He appears to know Uttle of Welter's in
terests, and says he repudiated the agree
ment from Athrrton to Weller because lie
deemed It fraudulent. He claims Incident
ally that Pearson duped him and that
Pearson had given out the report that he
i (Brock) had died; that in 1593. while in
San Francisco. E. T. Barber requested
i him to call with him at the Pacific Fm
provemeni Company's office to "show
thßt the dead had been restored." !l"
wont there and related his circumstanced
a:id relation to the property, and learned
that it appeared Pearson had also swin
dled them ; that I'earson had got off
with $60,000 and secured notes for |150,000,
but that the corporation had corraled
theso notes before Pearson died.
The trial of the suit will be resumed
next Tuesday morning. E. L. Campbell
and J. S. Splllman appear for plaintiff,
and Judge Denson of Attorneys Oatman &
Denson' tor defendants.
A
Los Angeles, Oct. 4, 1899
Big Panoche Oil Co.,
Sim Francisco.
Placed order for rig with
McA.fie.
H. E CORBETT.
Shares at $1.80 until the rig
is on the ground, then price goes
to $3 per share. Don't delay,
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO,,
Adams Building, 206 Kearny St.,
San Francisco.
PPOSPECTUS FREE.
■lIffiBCBHaJE?
FLEMING WOULD
NOT SURRENDER
ROSE OF HILO
Plucky Mrs. Killip
Chastised Him.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Mrs. Snra Klllip,
the rlucky little widow of the late W. J.
Klllip, the well known horseman, recov
ered her horse, the Rose of Hilo, this aft
ernoon after proving that she knows how
to resent an insult as well as to attend
to her own business interests. It is said
that the lady found it necessary to slap
the face of "Jack" Fleming, a horse
trainer, before he was convinced that she
would not permit Interference by him.
The Rose of Hilo was the pet horse of
W. J. Klllip, who died very suddenly a
week ago in this city. It is a valuable
animal, and has won a prize and carried
off the blue ribbon at the recent State
Fair. It has been trained by Fleming, and
is now at the Emeryville track. Wednes
day night Mrs. Killlp sent for the trainer
and paid all feea and expenses to date,
and told him she would make other ar
rangements for the horse. Yesterday
Mrs. Killlp went to the track to take
possession of her horse, but Fleming re
fused lo deliver up the keys of the stable.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&z~^^>
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE IPAinTD'c FGB HEADACHE - SFF
EC ICAKTtRS FOR DIZZINESS. * LL
rcvuiiwc &ITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rrMITIMD
GENUINE f| IVFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
I PS LLS FOR COMSTSPATIOM.
WRAPPFR Ji^ja " FOR SALLOW skim. WRAPPFR
wKArrw Iforthecomplexiow WKAm*
"I^ I^I3s^TEID OIST red paper."
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MDTHRKH I'ACIFIC COMPASI.
(PAciric KTsnut.)
Trnlna Icmr »n<i »■■<• ilii<> lo iiitlvo nt
NAN lllAMIS(t).
(Main Line, Foot of ilarkei Street.)
leave — FIIOU OOXOBKK 2, 1893. — aukivb
*7:O<l< Bcnicia, Suisun and Sacramento .. ••'i:l.'»p
•7iOOa Marysvillc, OroTilleaml nodding via
Woodland •5i45p
•7:OOa Rlmhra, Vacavilleand Hnmsey # 8:5 Op
•7::U»a Martinet, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
('ali»tiip:v»inl Santa RoKI •(»:lsp
•S:«Oa Atlantic Impress, Ogdeti and Kast.. *!>:l3a
•»i:ti>A Han .lose, I.lTermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placenrille,
M irysTille, Clileo, Ue<l Illnlt •*tl»p
•»::t<)A •Miitou, OdlaUloainl houora M:lsp
•0:OOa Haywanlß, N!lc« and Way SUtlons. *l Ix4Ba
•»:OOa. Martinez, Tracy, XjitUrop, Stockton,
M.rct d a Fresno •12r13p
•«i««a Fresno. ISakerslielil, Hunt:*, lUrlmra,
I,os Angclea, DemiDg, El Pheo,
Now Orleans ami East *Ot4sp.
•IO:OOa Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations # 7:ir»p
•I 1:00 \ Haywards, Nil's and Way Stations. *2:15p
•IX:OOM Nlles, Llrerraore, Stockton. Sacra-
mviito, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
lVrterTille •*«!»?
t l:«Oi- Saeramoiito KiferStenincrß f.H:<»Op
*;»:<><>!• Waywards, Niles and Way Stations . »5t45p
•4,:«>«i- Mnrtiner., Ran lUiuon, Vallcjo,
Napa, Uullstußii, Santa Itoao *l»iin*
•li»»f lteuicia. Vacavllle, •Sucruiuoulo,
Woiullaiiil, Knights I-amling,
M irygTlllo, Oroville •l«:ir> A
•4::iOp Nllcs, San .Info und Stockton *7:13?
■StOOrTlto Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
Hikers lle!d. Sangua for .Sinta B;tr-
l.rirs. Lib Anceles •»:4!»A.
*.i::top Stockton, Men-...!, Fresno *!2:1.'5p
*s::n»r Martinez, Tracy, Menilota, l'*resno,
MujaTO anil Log Ailficlua *S:4Sa
•3t»or Sniita IV Uouie, Atlantic Kxpreaa
for Mnlnro and Rast «0:13p
•0:OOp Chicago-.Sau Krancisco Special, ()g-
-ilcn uiiil Cunt •8:."iOp
•C:OOp Haritardß, and San Jose »7:I-"»a
1 6:00 c Vullejo »12:15p
t7s«Or Vallojo, Port <.'oaU and Way Sta-
tions J»i33p
•B:O3i> Oregon i:x|>i>f!(i,Hi.cniincntii. Marys-
vlilu. ItttiMliiK, I'oitlaiiil, l'ngct
Siiiin.liui.l Hunt «8:I5a
(OAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jniige).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•»:!.■» A Newark, <)L-nttrTille.K»n .lose, I'Vltim,
Hi 'ii (irr('rM:l;, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »3:30f
fatl.^p Newark, Coi.tervl!!o, .San Jose, New
-.'-"^' . Almaaen, Folton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and rriiicli>al Way
Stations \ lOjsoa
■•ItlSp Newark, Han Joso, Los Gatos *!i :■-!() \
Ml:!. 1 !? Hunters' Excursi?n, San Jose and
Way Stations {~>2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SUN FIUSCISCO — Trot of Htrkcl Strut (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:30 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 t3:00 •5:C3r.-.,.
From OAKLAND— FooI of Brc.iilwiij. —-(1:00 8:00 10:0Oa.m.
113:00 "1:03 12:00 "3:00 11:00 *3:03i-.m.
COAST l»l VISION (UroaiMiimße).
(Third i.iidTo\viiBciiil,St^.)
t«l:l«A Ocean View, South Man Francisco." ~TB::tOr
•7:OOa San .7 OHO Ri il Wiiy Rtiltliillt (New
Almadon Wednesdays only) *l:3fli>
• »:OOa Hum .IIISU, 'Viva I'inos. S;illt.a (!ni!:,
l'ncillc (!nive. man )!oli!-;s. Sun
I,iila <M.is|i.i, 'jurf, Loo {toe itml
)Vinol|ial Way Slntions M<l»r
•lOi|«a Ban .loss hiiil Way Ktalloiu *« : :j.-j,
■HtSOA San J. Ac and Way Rtiitions *s::toi-
t'-i:43i*Snn Matro, l!cdwoo<l, Alenlo Park,
Palo Alto. iSnuta Clara, Bun J«»o,
Tres Plnoa, Smita ('in,-., B*li:i:is,
Monterey ami r»e!!ic (irovu tlOin«A
tStSOp San .lose and \V:ij Stations «7:30p
tl:H«r SauJoncaiid Principal Way Stations *'•>: 13*
Joso and rrh:olr3l Way Stations f !!:©<• a
*.>::*oi- Ban Jitiie IVinoinal Wnj Stations "*:JI3a
*oi.t«l- San Josu ami Way Stiil.ious t«:«OA
til: 15 Saw .1 pay anil Way 5tati0n5......... *7:: top
A for Morutuft V for Afternoon.
• Dally. t MtiniiayVre'iipteii. * feuuday only.
b .Saturday only.
The !M«:iI- 1 1 '!'IC AN^FKIUOII |'1\ V
will call for and chock haggafe from hotels ami resi-
dences. Bncinfre of Ticket Agouts for Time Cards and
Other information.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Snusalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; •i- ii
•3:40 5:13. 6:00, 6:30 p. m. - '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R a
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays"
at 9:00 and 11:80 p. m. ' '
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. *10:00. •11:30 a. m • •As
3:15, '4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m. "' I%>l
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2IS. 6:35, 7:45, *9:40 am-
•12:30. 2:15. ♦3:40. »5:15 p. m. ' '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturday? at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:», '3:00, «10:00. *11:43 a m ■
•1:40, *3:16. 4:45, »C:3O p. m. ' "
Trains marked i*) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS- 5:45. 0:45. 7:55. 9:45 a m ;
12:3.'. 2:35. 3:45, 5:20 p. m. ' '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:W and. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 2:15, 3-30
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazacleraand way stations
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tr.males and vay stations!
8:00 a. m. — Tomales and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, October 1, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market st.
I [ OF THE j
He used some insulting language to the
lady and she quickly resented it. Being
a petite woman she did not fracture any
of the trainer's facial features, but tho?a
v' i were around say that there was a
very wholesome slap administered, after
which Fleming subsided.
To-day Mr«. Killip secured a writ of re
plevin In Judge Quinn's court. She said
that ' ■ d as ihough he owned,
the horse, and that because he had a
woman to deal with he could do as he
■1. Armed with the writ a Oonsta
bl( ■> track this afternoon and
d possession of tho Rose of Kilo,
turning ll over to its- owner. Mrs. Killlp
says thai she floes i it now wish to race
the horse or to have anything to do with
the track since her husband's death.
Fleming's friends say that he had been
drinking when Mrs. Killip demanded pos
n, and felt very disappointed be
hrtvinii trained the animal to racing
trim h- was n< .: to he permitted to enjoy
the fruit-- of hJs labor.
Doctor Thrown From His Buggy
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— Dr. N. H. Cham
berlain, residing at S"2 Fast Fifteenth
street, -while driving in from Temescal
this evening, collided with a coal wng-nn
at Twenty-fourth street and Broadway.
The doctor was thrown violently to th«
roadway, but escaped with severe bruises
on one of hi^ legs. His buggy was demol
ished and his horse seriously injured. Tho
man In charge of th- 1 coal wagon drove on
;ip rapidly ns possible and did not stop to
Inquire about the damage to the physician
or Ms property.
To Consider Civic Growth.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— Ways and means
' of increasing the number of productive
'< industries in Oakland will be considered
at a meeting to be held in the rooms of
the Merchants 1 Exchange. Central Bank
building, next Tuesday ovt p"ing. The
me< ting will be under the auspices of the
j exchange. H. D. dishing will preside.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of .'Market St. -
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"SVEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — £xtra trips at 1:69
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:80,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, S:2O, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45.
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. . ' •
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
eamo schedule as above.
Leave i i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. ! April 16, 1 . .
Week Sun- ls*9. Sun- Week
Days. | days. | Destination. days. | Day».
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm; 9:30 am Petaluma. j 6:05 pm. 10:25 am
6:10 pin 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
,— — —^ ' i i
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg',
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:55 pm 6:20 pn»
7:30 am [ Hopland and ! 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pta
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:80 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pro
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am, 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages' connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Rl-.erslde, Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle.
Booneville, Philo, Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Willitts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bldff.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpute
fV / /I y CITY
'Mi J "' V IEL PASO
Wf' OLOSAMCELEb V HOE
m^i^ SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO,
■M =
-^ THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FORCH'CAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT snO P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE; MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVERY DETAIL. .
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am {1C:3O am Stockton i t3:40 pm| 8:00 pm
9:10 am 5 2:05 pm Merced 111:10 pm 4:1» pm
10:49 am 8 5:35 pm Fresno t»:00 am 2:42 pm
11:33 am 5 7:45 pm Hanford . t7:00 am' 1:45 pm
2:25 pm {12:30 am Bakerslleld $1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am t«:25 pni Visalia 55:20 am| 1:22 pm
12: pra tt>- '3 pm! 'I'ulare $4:25 atni*l:os pm
•Dally. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Of flee. 628 Market St.;
Tel. Main 16*1
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J st.
Pan Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
4/***^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL^KjfM 62it HEABSY ST. Established
far] F*PBB '" IB3 * ior the treatment of Private
S^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Stti^KEABSrY NT. Established
jft in l»«34lorthf treatment of Private
tg 1 liseiisfs. Lost Mttiihood. Debility or
iysSs3'&i'H disease wearing on bodyand mind and
»^Ky3««fcfj :skin Dlseaa.s. Thedoctorcureswheii
■ others fall. Try him. Charges low
«7>taSi!glLg3 ('tM'r<rnar:int<-fil. Call orwrite,
lit: J. *. uIBBO>, Box 1957, Sau Franclsca
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr<\ncl*co
Ca!l, corner of Market and Third streets, op«n
untli !! o'clccJt every night In th« year,
BRANCH OFFICES- I **! Montgomery ntre«t,
crrnc-r Ctay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
8M Haves vtroet; open until ?:J0 o'clock.
rsr> McAllister street; open until 9:30 o' olt.sk.
61! Larkln street; open until 9:JO o'clock.
1«1 Mission .-trr-.'t; o|*>n until 19 o'clock.
2WI M*rk*t *tre«t, comer Sixteenth; open
ur.Ul 9 i 'dock.
If* Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
IGJf Valencia stieet; open until 9 o'clock. _
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; or-on until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M., will meet THIS ( SaTURDAYI -#\_
EVENING, October 7. at 7:30 o'clock. ,^__K
Second degree. By order of tbe Mas-' "•" ;
ter. ■ FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
§ MISSION Lotlire No. IC3, F. and A. ■
M. Colled meting this (SATURDAY) *%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. Xf_3C
C. D. BITNKKR, Secretary, f~V *
aT~oTTiT DIVISION No. 2— The meai-^h
ben- of tin's division are ordered to \Aejf
assemble at Hlbernla Hall; 120 Ntnth_\_*\v«_
ft., on THIS (SATURDAY) EVEX-fCWj? .
ING. at S o'clock, to proceed In a body *^i_L :
to Youths' Directory Fair. Tenth ar.d Market
sts. : BARTLY LICE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
THE officers ar.d members of Ser- -
vian-ilontenegTln L. an.l B. Socl- I*-Hr"*>
ety ar* 1 hereby requested to at- «j&o»<£-
tend the funeral of our late fcpFyt?>3
brother an,3 past president. t.WiJrfSa
LA3AR JOVOVICH. on SUN- WSHCffifl |
DAY. October 8. at S ic'.ety Hall, 6V"_jhHK9J
10 California st., at 1 p. m. '-S^KiS/ '■
M K. TASOVA2J. President. X^as* 7
6PIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Secretary. ;
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING ! I is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Bank of California
will be held at the bankinr house In this
city, en TUESDAY, October 10. 1599. at 11
o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
Pan Francisco, ■■■■<■■ ... •■■:■• -
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts account? for corporations £ firms; ref.
ASTROLOGY.
JOIN Astrology Club; meetings In San Fran
cisco; horoscopes, $1. I'ror. Monroe, Lorin
(Berkeley), Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
icle bMg. ; no advance charges; all cases; es-
tates, mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
c;ill or write. , .
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital JIOO.CWV);
prosecute cr defend lawsuits In all courts on
contingent fees: employ able counsel; loan
money on any kind of security. Advice free,
by mall or at office, 214 Pine St., room 04.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, ntty at law. R.'.fl Murket. cor. Sto.-ktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. U25 Market st., opp. Mason;
consultation free: moderate fees.
CL A FOLTZ. attorney at law. Crocker j
bldg.; tel. 15!ai-k 71: pra-tloes in all courts. j
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreekels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance. I
KAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
Srre'-k^ls building. 327 Market 81
AJTWTCE free; no i-h.ircre uni"s* successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 327 Market «t.. opp. Mason.
Eg-
BATH ( \ !:IN KTS-THKKMAL. 1
THE Rolinson 4-panei bath cabinet, folding
Ukr n screen; one panel openlnsr as a door;
call and see It: descriptive booklet free. '.'.'.
8. BROWN r p n «. rn i i gent. 426 Ellis ■•
BI( (1.1 KhPAIKS-
IHOt H. 15. VARNEY. Market and Tentlv
RAMBLER AND IDEAL [CYCLES.
REPAIRING A lALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
A NEW private family hotel; first class in de- I
tail; under Eastern management; n»w and |
ax. isMi 1 decorations end furnishing through-
out; rooms may be selected after October 1.
The old Stevenson mansion (opposite Grace
Church), with annex; SO7 California *t.
ILVP.KET. 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
an 1 excellent management; Mrs. M. C. Rob-
inson, formerly Oakland, prop:; sunny suites
very desirable for families.; first-clas« table;
CxUirk f-ervice: reasonable rates; family suites
& specialty; American and European plan.
EDDY. 72-4. near Van Ness aye— Handsome
front parlor, with board, for two people;
rates reasonable.
ELLIS 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good beard; bath; telephone; gas: piano.
MARKET. IS2O Las Palma Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s.; private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
ARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents. |
tOWELL. 303 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
»nd single, with or without board.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WOULD like a child from lltoUJyearafold;
reasonable terms ami reference. Address J.
■ DQLSEN. Fruttvnle P. O.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN'S home: mother's care; $:, n: inth"-
ly. Address '! . Frultvale 1' O.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and "exchanged!
Holmes 800 l Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
? 1_ ;
BOOTS AM> SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school EhoesT~Ssp
lad's stylish lace or button Bhoea, $1 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed free. PEOPLE'S
SHOE STORE. !3'/3 .Stockton, 11.- Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar, dining^
room, i-tc. ; established for many years with
large patronage; In very best part of this city;
close tv Market and 1.-arny; this first-class
paying property must be soil at once; buoita
open for inspection; price JiCOO. Particulars
R. G. WILKK. 906 Market st.
A— slioo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash store and bar business-
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. ii
G. WILKE, 906 Market Ft.
A— sls0 — HOME bakery and notion store, with
3 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
R. G. ILK E, 906 Market st.
A— s3oo; BAKERY In live country town, 70
miles fr.im city; a Urea-class, paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. H. G. WILKE, :
.(ro Market st. j
A— s3so: DYEING and cleaning btore on Powell
st. ; rent $:io; first class; paying. Call WILKE
906 Market st.
A— sK0 — CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms: rent Sin; daily receipts 51S; best loea-
tlon in Mtßßli n. U. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A — $CW— RESTAURANT and oy-Hter parlors;
•choicest location; rent $3f»; dally receipt? J2.-.;
meal;* not K-?s than 20c; bargain. R, a.'
WILKE. SO6 Market st.
A— sO); LAUNDRY route;-clears $100 a month: I
good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22£
Geary st.
A— s3so; ROAD house, near flourishing town;
cheap rent; good business. KREDO & CO
22 l i Geary st.
A— tWf, BRANCH bakery and notions; $5 to $10
dully; nice room*. KREDO & CO., 22',j
J3X/— BRANCH bakery: fine location; 4 nice liv-
ins rooms: reasonable rent: present owner
there many years: cheap. M. LESS, 7C5 Mkt.
$200— CORNER branch bakery In the (Mission; j
A living rms.; receipts from $12 to ?H per day; |
rent cheap: old estab. M. LESS, 70S Market.
JIOrt— SALOON; to-day only: downtown among
factories; bargain. M. LESS. 7GS Mai I st.
$600-FIRST-CLASS dellcacVsToVerbar^alrTthiß
day. Mclaughlin -. co., 777 Market st.
{.'DO-CANDY tore; bargain; going East cause '
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market, j
BAKERY; fine location; good business; bar-
gain. See COWING & CO 995 Market st.
A^JS'-MI-RESTAURANT; north Market: best
In city; bargain. COWING A. CO.. 995 Market.
WANTED— SISO for complete invention; gnat
chance to make big money. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
11S0O — French bakery; fine bus.: 4 horses, 3 wag-
ons, 11 furn. rniH. ; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man:
small capital required: business clearing $125
• j.er month. 917 Market Bt., room 2.
WELL-APPORTIONED, paying restaurant,
L-r>od location, at sacrifice; would take part-
ner; other business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
liT TO-LET, stall In large market, suitable
'or poultry, oysters or delicacies. SONOMA
MA RKET.J3O7 Polk st.
_Tt-a\__i — Bakery nnd delicacy store; must be
Void nt once. Inquire at 2917 Sixteenth Bt.,
mar Howard.
_
. BT OJRANT, with every convenience;
1 nnc location; good trade; sickness, inos Hyde.
a^AlTßToTeT^^fi^-'^Xt^ry 0^ *°"
orlotor deceased. AfPO 1 Z-' .uauery st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
BARBERS !.».!. | n ta this grand and good
]>«i>inK barber-shop, with three nice living
rooms; you will say it Is a special bargain
straight, and d rare opportunity for a man
with a few hundred di liars to attain an in-
dependent oondltlon in life. For fuller in-
formation apply to M. A. BROOKS, 12
Golden Gate aye. • •":
LAW & LOAN CO.. Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
Invest your money on approved and guaran-
toed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
not Interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In nil courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Vine st.. room 84.
TAILOR shop; complete; 8 yoars' standing; 4
living rooms and kitchen: completely fur-
nished; stock of now and second-hand cloth-
Ing; owner polng back to old country. 1623
Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
FOR sale or exchange for a small ranch near
country town— A good paying saloon, with
six living rooms upstairs; long lease; ter-
mlnus of car line. Box 2313, Call office.
j FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall; rent
very low. Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON & ]
CO.. Cl 4 Call building. |
FOR sale — Fruit and cigar stand; 2810 Green- j
wich St., Presidio; soldiers' trade; reason
sickness.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; well stocked;
old established business. Apply at premises
southwest corner of Turk and Pierce sts.
BARBER shop— Grand opportunity; shop fur-
nished completely; good trade; cheap for
cash; sickness. Box 445, ("all office.
$350— Branch bakery; good location; large stock:
receipts $10 to $12; living rmi Jones, SGS Mkt.
FOR SALE— Fine grocery and bar; Post and
Devlsadero .st. . for one week.
i A PAYING fruit store for sale; investigate. 48
I Seventh si., city. I
PRIVATE boarding use; 20 boarders: 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Bo* 13*5, Call. .
DRESSMAKING place cheap; corner; cheap
rent; good reason for selling. 10C4 Folsom st. '
LIQUOR store, old established corner; West-
ern Addition. Box 425, Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL .<• CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two peats; In excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and In perl condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
Ft., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy,
good as new; made here. SHAW, I^2l Market.
ALL kinds of wagons buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN .>.- SON. 2117 Mis.- St.
100 PETS second-hand harness : wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 F Isom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIN Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353 357 Tehama St.; tel S 40.
! CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
I STEVENS, msr.. 38-40 «h St.; tel. South 2.'0.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st, : phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22«; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO, WALCOM, Proprietor.
! CARPETS cleaned at 3r per yard; laid at ?-c.
1 STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel Jessie '44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 5c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-be.atl:ig Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS;
-s-.~-.~-. ,_^.,-. - -^.^ .- ~~^^
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Pa?te; a household hje^sin;?; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
A g nt. Of fire and factory. 21 Spear st .
[[CLAIRVOYANTS AND >i IKI'H _LISM.
MEDA HOSKINS 1423 Market St.. bet. lutn
and 11th— Sittings daily; circles Monday even-
ing and Thursday, 'Z V- m.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1423 Market st., bet. 10th
and 11th— Sittings daily; circles Tuesday
evening and Friday, 2 p. m.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, card
reader; satisfaction Kuaranteed; fees 2."> c and
50c; ours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. 612>2 Eddy st.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.* near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 2ic. . lIS Sixth St., r. 12.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 114U Mission.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c: reading by mail, Jl. 5 Seventh st.
I J. 7.'ERA, the best fortune teller, has love
charms and tells lucky days. 2;*.3 Third st.
YOUR future told by cards, 2r.c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. lOi Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212' i Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. LAN' queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; fee 25c up: satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladle?. f:l4 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH, IS7G, near Dolores— Sunny bay-
window cottages, 5 and G rooms; large base-
ment; yard; cheap.
$6 — COTTAGE of 1 sunny rooms and stable;
water free; sunny side. 327 Hearst aye.
BUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, bath; large yard;
flowers. 742 Capp St., near Twenty-third.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, £27
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
llllinss from $1 up; other filling from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 r,O up: ilesh colored plates froru $3 50
up: teeth without plates a. specialty; v open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for -.!.-; ■ dentistry.
Synol, on application to the sums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger an rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
I out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 £0; plates,
full set, $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, r;n. 7, Flood bide-, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours, 'j a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. '.) to 1
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex- j
I tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won- I
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. J3: received first 1
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN /ROOM Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 851 Market.
[ MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; Ist-class
J work; prices reas.; gas: crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211 Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentist! 867 Mission, cor. Cth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— Ladles to learn to cut, design, make
their gowns; satisfaction guaranteed; pupils
can make their gowns while learning; send for
circular. MRS. LIVINGSTON, 530 Sutter St.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 an Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
EDI CATION VI,.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.";
practical courses In bookkeeping:, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
blanches, civil, electrical and. mining engl-
neering, etc.; new 80 ; igi catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
llfh. telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $.">0; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system ; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1238 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay, archl. :day and even.:
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesion papers;
evening*. 3040 Sixteenth St.
LADY, experienced high school teacher, Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline st., Oakland.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. £80 G. O avo.. r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
I LAW Schools. 957 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
| way, Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons 73c. 3-0 Golden Gate aye.
j "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SO5 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
i BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
I day and night; terms low. 1124 Mission. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
I ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
j nese. 426 Powell; nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
| JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. PEG. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel Grant 56.
I
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER; first class; perfection in fit-
ting and trimming; costumes remodeled;
latest styles; $1 25 per day. J. P., 501 Post I
st . room 34. j
ELDERLY woman wants position to assist
with light housework; good home more ob-
ject than salary. Address 23 Eddy st . r. 26.
I MIDDLE-AGED competent lady wishes situa-
tion to do housework In small family. Ad-
dress 1114H Treat aye.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
! at home. S2l Mission st., room 1.
I SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework or cooking. 1840 Turk st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. 120 Twelfth st.
GOVERNESS wishes position: refined German
young lady: 10 years' experience In teaching;
thorough musician, piano and vocal; also |
German and English branches; country; will I
travel: reference. Box 438, Call.
COMPETENT German woman wishes posi-
tion as chambermaid or will do general
housework; sleep home. Address 132 Clara
St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as cook In
American family; competent In all branches;
best references. Box 416, Call office.
2 WOMEN, good references, wish office clean-
Ing or as attendants In physician's office.
Address 609 well st. •
REFINED young Christian lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeener for widower's family.
Address Housekeeper, 81l Van Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED nursery maid, graduate of
kindergarten training school, desires posi-
tion; excellent seamstress. Box 2828. Call.
YOUNG girl just left school wishes a situation
to take ire of child; will' sleep home. Call
1305 Greenwich st.
GIRL wishes position to assist in housework.
i:.l Silver st.
LADY wishes to keep house for widower's
family. Address 1038 Valencia st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call at 150 Fourth st., room 7. Ist floor.
WANTED- Position as second girl: wages $25;
best of references. Address box 4**. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. 1725 i Farrell st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from terry. _________
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- J
lencia st ____^^^^______________
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG Japanese competent bellboy or elevator
boy desires position In first-class hotel or
building; three years' experience; speaks
good English. Address Arthur Yamami to,
lU2!i Pine st.
WORK In hospital, asylum or charge of In-
valid, dementia, etc by hospital graduate
ex-Naval Hospital Corps; age 29; references
for character and ability; reasonable wages
to start. J. H. L., box 408, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young Danish man; :
thoroughly understands .-are of horses, cows
and garden; temperate habits: good refer-
ences. Address P. LUND, 860 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
AN expert experienced male stenographer,
with thorough knowledge of office work, de-
sires position; best of references. Box 407,
Call office.
YOUNG man (IS) without experience wants to
learn dining-room work; restaurant prefer-
red; wag. m> object. Box 2351. 'all office.
YOUNG machinist wishes place ■- brass or
Iron worker: good on vise and lathe. FRED
CLAUS. 137'& Silver st.
YOUNG man desires position as shipping, stock,
order clerk or packer; first-class references,
Box 410. Call office.
BOY, 18, living with parents, would like to
learn sonic good trade. Box 113, Call office.
GOOD all-round cook wishes a situation: sober '
and liable JONES, 108 Sixth st., room 17.
GERMAN gardener desires situation In private
pla.ee, city or country. Address box 411, Call. I
YOUNG man of 22, a High School and Normal
graduate, desires a clerkship of, some sort; a
moderate compensation expected. Address K.
M.. bo- 14. Call office.
WANTED by reliable all-round man. handy
with tools and engineer, best of reference, a i
position. Address or call at 1133 East Nine-
teenth st.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class poultry I
raiser as foreman, worker, or take it on j
shares. Address 431 Pine st.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. Box 2166. Call.
CHINESE A first-class cook wants situation
In private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 842 Du-
pont st.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter: wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
MAN and wife desire positions; man as first-
class gardener and wife as first-class cook;
good wages expected. Address box 442. Call. !
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
In grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1505% Franklin st. ,
WANTED— Position by graduate In pharmacy:
registered in this State. Box 439, Call office.
WANTED— Position by competent and experi-
enced engineer; best references. Address box
429, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has "'een established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st
EXCHANGE.
YOUNG, gentle buggy horse for horse suitable
for mountain travel; must be young, sound
and good appearance. E. A.. Call office,
Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
W71 1 -.. Market st.. San Francisco: exam. free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. lie per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1 U i:iT2 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms used three months;
very reasonable. At 1731 Mission st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for J4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. : 127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 112.", Mission st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sll verateln. ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny fiat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FINE lower flat of 7 rooms and large bath-
room; new house; fine finish; 2 patent closets;
large porch; yard; also concrete basement;
cement floor; rent $20. 132 Second aye., bet.
California and Lake sts.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 3645 Sacramento St.. cor. Spruce.
LOWER flat. ' rooms and bath. 117 Liberty
st., near Guerrero.
MODERN flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent reasonable
785 Ellis Kt.
NOE. 595, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay windows; for 2 families. 417V_ Third st.
VALENCIA. 1533— Lady will rent part of sun-
ny furnished Hat to adults; references.
$IS— NEW flat, C rooms and bath. 32S Clement
St., corner Fifth aye., Richmond District.
$20—5 LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
213 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
rURKIKRS, gross, ktc
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astraken yokes. $10 to
$80. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
■ 8 waitresses, country hotel, $20, see party
here this morning; waitress to go south, $20
and fare here; restaurant "waitress for coun-
try. $20; 5 restaurant waitresses for city, $8
. per week; 2 chambermaids and assist wait,
city and country. $20; plain ironer for an In-
stitution, $20; plain and fancy ironers for a
steam laundry, city, $20 to $35 and found;
girls for general housework, $20 to $25; 2
nurscgirls, $10 to $12; second girl, $15: cook,
$25. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
LADY clerk for our office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Ladles' maid, speak 3ermk.ii and
French, $25: English nursery governess, (2b: 2
German cooks, $30 and $35; German nurse, $20;
4 second girls, $20 and $26; 10 waitresses tor
city and country hotels and restaurants. $20,
$25 and $7 a week; a large number of <irls lor J
housework, city and country, at $20 to $25 per !
month; 20 young girls to assist, $16. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— girl to wait at tables: ex-
glrls, $25; see lady early this forenojn. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutler st.
I WANTED— An Intelligent nurse for 2 children
about to travel East; English. German and I
Swedish only need apply. Call at 1225 Pine
st. Monday, October 9, bet. 3 arid 4:30 p. m.
AT once— First-class trimmer for country; SO
men from San Francisco. Box 406, Call office, j
or can see proprietor Monday morning at R.
L. TOPLITZ/ or Butler's or Schultz'. .
YOUNG girl, general housework; German pre-
ferred. Call 6 South Broderlck st., near
Fourteenth.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc..
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338
Fell st.
WANTED— A first-class trimmer In the milli-
nery department. Apply at W. G. FLINT'S,
San Jose.
WOMAN to assist with cooking. 136 Second
street.
WANTED— young girl as waitress at 215 Mason
street.
WANTED— German girl to assist with sec-
ond work and children. LBl6 Sacramento st.
GIRL or woman wanted at 1443 Devisadero st.
wages $15.
NEAT young girl for general housework. Call
or address 957 Union st., near Jones.
WANTED— Woman for lunch cook; German
preferred. Corner of Powell and Beach.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework. 1737
Sutter st.
WANTED A good waitress at 607 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED young lady who can dip
chocolates and creams. 236 Fourth St.
WANTED— Young girl to wait 0:1 tables^ 01-
-perience not necessary; $4. 680 Fourth : : l.
EXPERIENCED hands to make ladles' wrap-
pers at home. STEUER, I 1 ■:< Battery st.
WANTED— A German girl to assist in house-
work. 629 McAllister St.
GIRLS! GIRLS'. GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32Vi Fremont Ft.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— 2 waitresses, country hotel. $20; Ger-
man woman for country, $1S; 1 waitress for
country. $7 week. FEILD'S Employment
Agency, 655 Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
WANTED— A thoroughly reliable American
middle-aged woman to care for children and
do plain cooking: small family; moderate
wages. Box 414, Call office.
COOK and girl to care for children and second
work; mother and daughter, sisters or friends
preferred; dairy; two hours from San Fran-
cisco. Address C. M. S., Olema, Marin Co.
GIRL or woman to assist in housework; good
home; wages, $S 50. 531 Page st.
IRONER wanted in factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market st., room 35. '
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.overO Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School . gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
. HELP WANTED MALE.
wanted TTrmTTT
Cook, small country hospital. 15 persons, $40
and found and free fare; baker, country hotel,
$50; kitchen cleaner, springs, $20; meat and
pastry cook, country, $60; second cooks, broil-
ers, snort order cook, dishwashers and wait-
ers fi r places too numerous to advertise; 4
Washers and »; Ironers, 3 markers anil dis-
tributor for hotel and steam laundry, city
and country: engineer and electrician for
country sawmill, *100; edgerman for sawmill,
$65. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARE
25 laborers for track laying; gang at Ma-
dera
$1 75 a day; board $4 50 a week.
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For flume building. 2 months' work, ship
to-day
Wages $3 a day; board $4 10 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmen $2 50 a day
Teamsters $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Board $4 50 a week
Ship this afternoon
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR MADERA FREE FARE
..TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK..
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON
C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary 5t.....
25 LABORERS near city, $2 a day; 25 team-
sters and laborers, city, $2 a day; mechanics..
Boll.ir-makers $3 75
Riveters $3 75
Rivet heaters $3 00
Blacksmiths $3 00
Carpenters $3 00
Bench hand, planing mill $3 00
C. R. HANSEN 8 CO., 104 Geary ?t.
GARDENER and wife for private place,
country, $50, see boss here: 3 ranch team-
sters, near city, $26 and board: 20 woodsmen,
Mendocino Co., $26 to $35 and found, see
boss here, fare advanced; 2 Swiss milkers,
Santa Barbara Co., $25 and found and fare
advanced, see boss here; stableman, country j
stable, $30 and found; '■ stablemen, city, $25,
$30 and $40. C. R." HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED — more grape pickers, Santa Clara
County. $1 day and board; farmer for stock
ranch. $25; 5 farmers for grain ranch. $26; •
young men for warehouse, $1 50 day; hostler.
$30; lumber pller, $26; colored man about
place, $20; vegetable gardener. $18; choremen
$15 and $20; men and wives. $50 and $66, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED -2 quartz miners. $2 50 day; 6
miners. $2 25 day: 5 drillers. $2 25 to $2 75 day;
laborers for gold mine, $2 day; 2 carpenters
for mine. $3 50 day. and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— country boarding-house, $35;
cook, small country hotel, $30; hotel waiters,
city and country, $25 and $30; restaurant
waiters: scrubber for Institution, $20; porter
and kitchen man, $2j: dishwashers and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.— 2 night
cooks, $35 and $40; cook, $12 week; dishwasher,
country, $25. kitchen ' hands and vegetable
men, city. ?20 to $80; waiter, $1 50 a day;
oystetman. S4O; porter, restaurant. $25; bar-
keeper, $40.
WANTED — Experienced crockery packer. Ap-
ply at 52 Market st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Barber with at least 3 years ex-
perience: steady employment. Address J. G.
Wood, Sebastonol, Cal.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 405
Third St.; call 8 a. m. chance for steady
job.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 3142 Twenty-fourth st.. cor. Shotwell.
WANTED— barber for Saturday evening.
1053 Pacific st.
2 BARBERS wanted. 703 Howard st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
638 Valencia, st.
FIRST-CLASS shlnglers, $4 per day. Goat
Island.
WANTED —An experienced wrapper at
RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Second cook at HEALY'S Restau-
rant, 1119 Market st.
BOYS wanted. MUTUAL LABEL & LITHO.
CO., 23 Main st.
MAN to wash dishes and work around hoard-
house. SW. corner Bay and Webster sts.
JEWELERS— Bush st., room 4, Third floor.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY. .... .PHONBS MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M..
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington, Hawaii-
an Isiandg, Arizona, British Columbia, all
parts of California.
69 farm hands $35, $30, $26, $20 and found
12 milkers $30 and $25 and found
15 hay balers $3 50 day
25 chore men, boys for farms, factories, learn
trades, manufacturing companies, etc., $30,
$26, 425, $20, $15, JlO and found
20 men to pull beans, fare $1 $30 and found
Cheese makers, butter makers Machinists
2 men handy with tools $175 day
12 boys for a city manufacturing company to
learn trades. $3 50 to $6 week ••
STABLEMEN EDGERMAN
27 stablemen, city and country, $50. $45, *40.
$30. $25 and found ;••
Edgetman, fare paid, see boss here $t&
12 plow teamsters, fare $150... 530 and found
25 section R. R. hands S3S and found
DRILLERS. TALLYMEN •■ •
26 single and double hand i- <° aa -V
Corner men. bench hands, muckers, etc
Slate splitters, blockmakers, cabinetmakers;
3 tallymen to grade good lumber. $75; 26 la-
borers for a barrel factory $1 <6 day
6 stone and concrete masons $:j ai) day
....BLACKSMITHS. PATTERN MAKERS....
9 blacksmiths $60, $45. $30 and found
2 grill iron workers •» 3 <**?
wheelwrights, wood turner " day
22 teamsters, fare 55c 52 25 day
M 3 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.....
ISG laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3, $2 76, $2 60, $2 day. Come »>■•
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 < 'lay St.
12 CARPENTERS, sawmill company —$3 day
MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and 686 ''lay st.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY, ETC
18 cooks, 1 camp cook •
$65 $60, $56, $40. $30 and found
14 waiters '. $30. $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator boys ••
7 taundrymen end pantrymen. $30 and found;
coatmaker; broilers, second, third and fourth:
cooks 2 first, 4 second; third hands and 3
boys to learn baking trades, $40, $3d, $2j
$20, $15 and found; 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55. $50. $40 and found.
M'.'iVE places are for hotels, restaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines, boarding-
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps;
come, and see us. MURRAY & READI, 634
and 636 Clay St.
BIG WAGES MINES 37 MINES
2 men to run underground cars Wi
15 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) *W
85 laborers, fare $3 5". silver mine.. $37 found
26 laborers, fare $2 50 $52 and found
16 laborers, northern mine $63
63 laborers (no experience), $57 per month.
With board and lodgings
14 miners $2 25, $2 », $2 76 day
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY <Sr READY,
G( HNG DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
N< IT ( '( iNTRA< T< IKS'
Tit'T COMPANY WORK
25 laborers, inside work (no experience re-
quired). $2 to $2 75 day, fare 76c, steady job;
25 laborers manufacturing company, fare 60c,
?60. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY RAILROAD
in California but one; drillers, bammersmen,
laborers, stone masons, teamsters, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings J4 50 week-
ly; (we do not ship to. Coast Railroad.) ML'R-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE LOS ANGELES DISTRICT
Teamsters and laborers $2 day
MURRAY £ HEADY. 684 and 636 Clay Bt
FRUIT and grape pickers, fee $1, fare $1;
564 men and boys, anybody will suit In age.
j:',' 1 per month and found: large packine and
drying houses, 80 to 90 days' work, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
MARRIED HELP WANTED
Farmer and wife, no other woman on ranch,
fare $1 50, $35 and found; man and wife for
mine:; (no experience), $'i"i
gardener and wife 3 milkers and wives;
r. farmers ami wives E cooks and wives,
$i r o, $55, $50, ?40. $30 and found. Come and se«
us. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630
I-i BLIC WORK BY COUNTY SUPERVISORS
12 laborers. far-* $1 50, 6 months' Job. $2 23 day;
12 teamsters, fare $1 50, 6 months' job. $2 .iay.
MURRAY & READY. C 4 and 636 Clay Bt.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY
To 27 sawmills, woods, in beautiful Mendo-
clno, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta an.l 16 i ih«>r counties, 2*4 laborers.
men to learn to run machines, etc.; f2-\ to $40
and found; ("no experience require. 1" ). you
will .-u!t. wooamen, sawmill men. tiemakers.
woodchoppers r>fck«". makers; etc., by the
hundreds; $80, $85. $80, jr.. $60, $50, $40, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
■ st. _____
FOR AN IMPORTING AND EXPORTING
company 15 Germans, Swedes or Scandina-
vians for a manufacturing company, $25 to
.<::'. ami found free fare; boss here. MUR-
RAY .v READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
20 LABORERS '■ i rd yourself where you like;
|ob in San Francisco.. s2, $1 85 and $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and <«6 ''lay st.
IN SAX FRANCISCO
171 laborers :in<l teamsters, some manufac-
turing companies, $2 50, $2, $1 7.". day. MUR-
RAY .v- READY, 634 and w Clay st
GOOD JOBS READ THEM
Harness/naker, R. R. outfit. $35 and found;
$40 and found, .'• str..ne men as deckhands....
: ! lacksmlth's helpers, 4 camp blacksmiths,
$'_' 50 a day and M'J and found.
MURRAY <».■ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— A boy from 13 to ir« years, not
mi re, to do •■•Ms and ends and errands and
Incidentally to learn a lucrative profession;
must not smoke and must give satisfactory
references; on<» lately from the old country
erred; need not sp^ak much English;
dy i'ib: hours from S to 5; wages $2 50 a
It, with lunch. Apply to E. F. LORGUIN,
Taxidermist. 1196 Market st.. corner Eighth.
A BRIGHT, n«at. industrious, well-educated
and i Higin:; boy, from 16 to 20. fair I
;m.! stenographer, who wants to become a
lawyer, wanted for law office; wages to start
$20 per month. Addres: box 447. Call.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert Instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. 1".
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard ?t.
MEN to learn harbor trade: only S weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday w.-ik-''s;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
Mi >LER'S BARKER i'oLI.l
CLERK wanted In large country store: Bell,
nlso deliver goods; state aRe, married or sin-
pie, references, experience, salary expected;
permanent position. Address box 412, Call.
A TALL, strong young man of good address;
one residing with his parents preferred; good
future. Address box 406. Call office.
WANTED— A carpenter f"r»mnn t.-> put tip
pavilion. WEINHOLD, corner Lombard and
Lyon sts.
$::. PF.lt mi'iith can ho made by reliable man;
permanent plac- liprit work; must have small
capital. li' 32 Market St., room 4.
EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
Al contracts. White Co., 300 Post st.. 7 p. in.
CARPENTERS wanted at M 9 Bryant Bt.
EXPERIENCED yount; man compositor for Job
work. Ifi Fremont st.
WANTED— A cook at Excelsior Hotel, 60S
Hlxth st.
WAITER wanted. 613 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS young dishwasher wanted at
25 Taylor st.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Kolsom st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 609
I^irkin St.
WANTED— A night dishwasher at 111 Taylor
street.
WANTED— Good bootblack. 52S Broadway.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
EXPERIENCED German driver for baker
wagon; must have good recommendations.
11l Larkin st.
FIRST-CLASS presser "n ladles" tailor suits at
A. CAILLEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED— Men to work on grade of Valley R.
R. ; fare one way if employed 10 days; new
management; no discount on wages; reason-
able board. Apply to E. M. CARR. Pinole.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 7f. and $2; board, $4 M) per' week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: ISO large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
LAP.ORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond: wages $2. JAS. A. McMAHON, 210
Spear Bt.
CUTTER wanted at L. HOROVITZ'S, 751 Mar-
ket st.
MALE presser want«rt at L. HOROVITZ'S, 751
Market st.
WANTED— A boy In confectionery. 1503 Geary
street.
FIRST-CLASS men for brickyard. South San
Francisco, San Mafeo County.
W A MED- Foreman Tor distributing and
marking room. Oakland Laundry Co., 6ao
Twenty-ninth st., Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CUSTOM eoatmakers and basters, either by
piece or week. 541 Market kL
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny 'el.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & "cci attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED •-•••
Choreman for private place near city, refer-
ences required, $25 to $30 per month and
found; 2 men to care for horses on stock
farm near city, $20 and found; farm hands
and ranch teamsters near city. $25 and $26 and
found; 3 milkers, $30; painter and paper-
hanger for small city shop, $35 and found,
and others; groom for race horses, $20. A\ .
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St. i
WANTED— For institution near city, man to
can tomatoes and fruit at $30 per month with
board and lodging and washing. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Ft.
WANTED
"Driver for milk route in city, references re-
quired $35 per month and found: experienced
driver' for bakery wagon, a first-class place,
must be single man. W. D. EWER i CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Buttermaker and milker for small
Drivate dairy; good steady job at $30 per
month and board. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAP LYONS, London. Tailor. 721 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 am. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
i SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free etnploy-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: teL Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. all.
TRY our IDe meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. .
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, l."c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY Acme House, 557 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
kef 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10a6 Va-
lencia st. ,
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth fit • auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 4O head of horses weighing from
1000 to 1600. 324 Ninth st.
FOR sale— An elegant carriage team. Address
box 457. Call office.
— LODGING FOR SALE.
KRE^o^^oTr??^.7rr!77rr??2?r^E^SY~sTT
Money to loan on all houses.
18 rooms; new and elegant; a snap $1100
11 rooms; all rented; cheap rent: corner. 225
12 rooms; housekeeping; Van Ness aye... 650
3S rooms; Market St.; part cash 1200
55 rooms; sunny corner; new 3500
9 rooms: near university, Berkeley;
boarding; 375
Many others; call for list. KREDO & CO.
$225— HOUSE 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market; rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTI wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
$1600— SNAP; EH rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $100 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
|800— BARGAIN 24 roams; all rented; near
Market st.: rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$660— Philadelphia House. 421 Bush st. ; 48 fur-
nished rooms; gas and water in every room.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pagps. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COMPLETE; 7 rooms, piano; near car lines;
rent moderate; open for inspection 2 to 5 p.
m. 116 Devisadero st.
2-STORY corner house. 6 large rooms and bath;
beautiful marine view. Leavenworth and
Chestnut sts.
MORRIS aye., 57, near Bryant st., bet. Fifth
and Sixth — house, newly cleaned; rent
$15.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313^4 O'Far-
rell St., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
WASHINGTON, 2415 House of 9 rooms and
bath; desirable location. i Apply on the prem-
ises from 11 to 12 daily or at LANDRY C.
I.A BIN, 413 Kearny st.
TO rent 9-room lodging house; rear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 31314 O'Farrell st
$20 — LARGE rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. 130S Valencia St., near Twenty-fourth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms, bath, near
park, $32. GEO. W. H. PATTERSOIN &
CO.. 1706 Market st.
LOST AND FO.XD.
LOST— passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of GENEVRA CURRY; No. 233-1200.
Trie finder will please return to bank.
WANDERED from home, child 3 years old;
dark-brown hair and eyes: please return to
her parents. MRS. J. SPRINGER, 114 Na-
toma st.
LOST — Purse on Market st. containing $S. Re-
ward if returned to GOLDBERG, BOW EX &
CO.. 432 Pine st.
LOST— A diamond stickpin on Ellis-st. car.
Return to 133 Sutter St.; reward.
Dachshund: yellow bitch pup. 124
Church St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Catseye bracelet; liberal reward. 1841
Polk st.
LOST— Passbook with the Hlbernia .Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS DOWNS. No. 188—1297;
finder will please return to bank.
?5 REWARD; Irish setter dog. 1302 Folsom;
even frigs.
LOST— Monday, family; photo: finder return to
1447 Stockton St.; reward. CHAS. LOUIS.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE: gentlemen treated at residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st. ; hours. 4 to 5 m.
MEDICAL.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St.;
now at 118 Eddy St.. one block from Market.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 31S Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician: consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st.. bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 122S
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
FOR SALE— GoId mine; half or more. N.~r"
C, box 2>04, Call office.
MINES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale In
paying gold mine at $1 per share; will ad-
vance to $3 within six months: owner needing
money must sacrifice; purchaser may deal
with owner direct. W. F. ARAM, Mills bldg.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building, S. F. : tel Main 544.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. M?
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, «old and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A BEAUTIFUL cluster diamond ring with
genuine emerald in center; really worth $175;
my Dricc now, $105. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FIVE buildings to be removed, Clementina and
First sts.: lumber and firewood for sale. In-
quire of EDW. K. PEARSON, 1231 Folsom
St.; telephone Jessie 1933.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE, 220 Fremont.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
FOR BALE cheap in one lot. 20 choice cows;
2 hulls. 4 yearlings and 2 calves; part regis-
tered Jerseys; cattle on Sunnyside Farm, San-
ta Cruz: also 5 horses. D. B. WOOLF Su-
preme Court, San Francisco.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust S R
CHURCH. 307 Saaaome St., tel. Main 50S8 '
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
GENT'S solid Id hunting case Walthant
watch; stem winder; chain and locket; bur-
gain. Box 481. Call office.
i SIX h.D gasoline engine; also 15 h.p. portable
boiler A engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
BOX of stone-cutter's tools to be sold cheap at
24 Verona place, off Third st.
COMPLETE fixtures for 4-chair barber shop
lor sale cheap. 574 Washington St.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Lot 25x137:6; south side of Goldoa
Gate aye bet. Laguna and Octavia sts.; in-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH. NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderirk Pts.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
: cheap; old houses bought, removd. 8 Val-ncla.
FOR sale— The Edison Dancing Doll; a won-
derful toy. Apply 449 Bryant st.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale •
EPSTEIN, 64S Mission, pays good commission.
1 COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine a;i.l
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants
eteamers residences; portable safety bo\=s-
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market si., S. p., Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO . 1309 Mission^ st.. near Ninth.
A— 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. PopTjT
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pir;».
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. 8. White. 516 Mission.'
' PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st!
• BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke )Z'i Beale.
DRESS pants »2 75; fine suit. $10; MISFIT
r;.iiTHi\r; PARLORS HIS M ■ ■■■ ■■ y et
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper tea.:,-!
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. 11
! STONE, Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
Fold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Fclsom st.
BAKERY and stationery wanted. Address h<\
409, Call office; state price and rent. etc.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silv»r
bought. H. Land?<*ker & Co.. lIS Montgomery.
MO.NKV TO LOAN.
, j ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we win
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see. us first;
1 ! you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
i ANY amount at ( per cent; Ist. •:•'. and 3d m —
i j gages undivided Interests, real estate In pr
bate; 'mortgages and legacies bought; no dp-
lay; get my terms before doing business e!s»-
where. R. ' »LGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance: strictly
confidential: advice free. G. E. OLSEN, rooru
16, first floor. Chronicle building.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me;s",oto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages ;estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Mark:.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fees; employ able counsel; legal advice free by
mall or at office. 214 Pine St., room 64.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Blxth: telephone South 14.
' HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
! branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ONE to twenty thousand on approved security.
; ■ G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, jewelry, stock : low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, jewelry. W. .1. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL MM Examiner bid*.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without ltdorser. TOUSLE Y. 592. Parrott bl*.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are Belling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, it an.l
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
IJroadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS. ~~
Chickering, Curtaz, Steinway, Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents, 16-IS-20
O'Farrell st.
SMALL upright for $100; Hemme & Long, $175;
Gibson $225; Decker & Son, $350; all bargains
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GRAND, new, $4 I Colby upright piano for
sale at a sacrifice; term's cash. Apply 2330
Folsom st.
YOU get good pianos at reasonable prices and
on easy terms at MAUVAIS", 769 Market st.
AN elegant Steinway upright; half price. Room
10. Flood building.
A— UPRIGHTS, $59 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' .pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Squ?.« Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
K.NABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. h!
MTI.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard st.. largo
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARlsr^PuplT^or^mir^it~GeT-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. reading by mail. SI.
PERSONALS.
E. MARSHALL— for you at general de-
» ver y. CH. G.
A NEW method for the permanent removal of
superfluous hair without electric needle and
all kinds of disfigurement of the face, by the
_ well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes- lac;
lads stylish lace or button shoes, $1 25- men's
I 1? 008 " d JL or lirlce "*'• Peopled Shoe
Store, 1303 st ckt n st. , nr. Broadway.
F or^r GE |TT?N d (lEJgJ2Jg^ ]^ r^
i? ERERS Q ui ntonlca Hair Tonic is not a
«m i dye— nourishes the hair and is very bene-
ficlal to it- G : _LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDEKER. the popular hairdresser, charge!
but 2oe f or . latest hair styles; he uses Schef-
fler s Colpnne for dyeing the hair only $1 50
to $o; price 75c box. 123 Stockton st.
J At\?rr, L - B ° ONE - Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, an( j CoDvriirht
No. 4 Sutter st., Laws a «necUlty
Ban ranCl ( SC0 ', Cal. American ana Foreign
JL nd -_L or circular. Patents Solicited.
A n a nt R . T £ EN VV mported domestic rem-
nanta for suits to order, $10 75; pants $3 75:
nothing higher One-Price Tailor' Co.. 1644
Market st.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold. exchanged. 525 Dupont st.,nr CaL
E H E .FpT R Ji C T 1 1 f h i S ln evef room; Winchester
ikn ♦* « -P lr: st - near Market; 700 rooms:
fr».-K ° PP r night; * 150 to *6 Per week;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MR S j -Y HE E LOC K has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446. I
PA TING and paper hangin>r; rooms papered.
$2 SO up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth st. _
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sausome »UPERSONALS. I 1
A'ORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at "':
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts
n.'.m'.tted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE. .
■BALL-BEARING" sowing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st. .
vIME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed j '
frrm O'Farrell to 132 Eddy ft. j .
vi, I. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-!
lcrs. 23 s Kearny Ft., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. BORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
LACHMAN & ,CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal '
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
IU'PTI'RE, piles cured; examination free. '-
Dri. Mansfield & Porterfleld. S3B Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co., hair specialists, grow hair ■
or no ray; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ink, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third St. j
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion: puarant.l. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab. Krny. j !
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L. '
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth. ;
WANTED— OId cold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
J-iy.Vr, CM*- O'Farrell. bet. Powell .<■ Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES. ~ ,
FINEST nnd fullest • ■' -k; square deal and
prompt Rervlee; country orders our specialty; ■
ratnloFti* fr.-v Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st. •
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence
io:i'»- Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
■WANTED-^To Join ownership of rented ranch; |
with sorr* cash. H.. 1024 Sixth st.
~TT?T^~"~ " """"""* -— ™ "** *"* — ™ "*" — "**— " I
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$2000 j2'x>o7T?rrrrrrrrr*2ooo • '
FOR SALE— FOR SALE
ON
EASY TERMS— SAME AS RENT. '
NEW MODERN HOMES
JUST COMPLETED.
SIX HOOMS, BATHS AND BASEMENTS.
ON
VERMONT AND KANSAS STS., NR. ISTH. '
GO SEE THEM.
OUR REPRESENTATIVE ON PREMISES.
CENTER & SPADER, 11 Montgomery st.
iPKRTY redeemed; money advanced for ■
::■ ; ■ . vements; sale guaranteed in 10 days;
cash offer In 24 hours; no expense; no delay.
)\ A. I "'LAN, 636 Market st. :
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them, 1
(Hit in W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery' st.
TOR SALE— 2 cottages, to be removed. R.
DOYLE. :- •'. Howard st.
HKAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
RARE BARGAIN— 2OO-acre farm. 5 miles from |
Sulsun; 65 acres bearing orchard; 45 acres
farming, and 100 seres pasture land; good
house. S rooms, stable, etc.; tine water from
livir.c springs; price $11,000; good until Octo-
ber 12 only. Call 01 or address E. DINKEL-
SPIEL, Sulsun. Cal., or room 804, Claus
Spreckels building, S. F.
A BARGAIN— U. S. homestead; 80 acres; Bo-
noma County: well improved; nice place for
home and poultry. ?tcx.k rani good road to
place: creek through land; fenced; price $4*o.
Call at SSI California st., room 1. 1
FOR SALE— Chicken and duck ranch, near I
city; lease of ground, with privilege of buy- ;
Ing siime. Address G. H.. boi 430. Call. •
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo |
Creek. S miles from Berkeley, lir.O acres; well j
watered,'! wooded; 2. r .O acres good grain land; i
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or j
Ftock ranch: railroad facilities. In person i
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park. j
MODERN 5-room cottage fnr sale. F. STU- j
i INGER, Fruitvale station. '
FORTY-ACRE home: all requisites. Address
X. L.. box W.. «':»11 I'fflco.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT 2.3, corner Dupont— 2 or more fur-
ni*hed rooms, compute for housekeeping, with
tath.
CLAY. 24:1 In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nfehed upper rooms; water: ■ ■■■; $7. j
EIGHTH. 348. R.Mr Market— 2 sunny double |
front f.irlors, with kitchen and bathroom; j
furnished for housekeeping; private family.
FIFTH. 3.'3— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting: $13: also single. Jo toJT^
FOISQM, 230^-HouMlceeping rooms and double
rooms. $2 up: single rooms, $1 up.
FOURTH, 22.1— Large furnished room suitable
for housekeeping; also single.
FULTON. 121'i— 3 sunny front furnished rooms; j
range; water; large yard: rent JIG.
GEARY, 3S4— Suite of sunny furnished front
looms p.r.d kitchen; 122.
GEARY, j.'6— Nice, sunny suites for housekeep- !
ing; double and single rooms; phone.
GoLDEN GATE aye.* H10 — Finely furnished \
flonr; every convenience; sun and bath . S.'.'i.
HARRIET, 92, cor. Folsom, above Sixth, over
grocery— Four nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; sep:trate Hat; cheap.
EDDY, 917-rNicely furnished housekpg:. rooms;
splendid location; private res.: no children.
HOWARD, 1141— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
LARKIX. S'H— Large sunny back room, fur- I
nished, $<>■. Bunny small room, $4; 2 for house-
keeping. $8 SO.
MISS! 94.".— Front parlor and fruit bedroom;
kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA 1403. cor. Geary— Two large sunny
bay-window rooms; mantels; light housekpg.
SIXTH. 314— Front bay window suit and kitch-
en; furnished for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., SIT. corner Ellis— 2 tunny
furnished housekeeping rooms. $16.
VAN NESS, 1021— Finely furnished sunny
mites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubccriptinns has been established at 1096 Va- ■
lencia Ft.
ROOMS TO — turn, and Intnrn. ,'
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms",
2."c to $1 per night; $1 25 to i:, per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator: !
bath; rooms oOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING. j
AT 62 Second st., double rooms for week $1 50 i
to 13: einglr, Jl to $1 50; day, 23c to £oc.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364 Fur-
rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 2809— Bay-window; 5 "sunny
rooms, bath and cellar; $15 per month.
CARUOLTON. 12& C Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny coiner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; tl 50 week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS', 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 23c
$1 a week up: reading room.
EXCELSIOR House. 39 Tuik. cor. Taylor— New I
mar.Kt. ; t-unny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt. I
FURNISHED sunny front room in private
German family; $0 month. 510 Pine St.; sec- I
ond door above Kearny.
GEARY 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also i
single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn I
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Mnple; la lies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family :
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated ;
25c to 5Pc per night: $150 to $3 per week.
HYDE, £32— Nice sunny furnished rooms to let; ■
reasonable. !
LARK : 3310— Well-furnished front and back I
parlor suite, or single, very reasonable to
refined, responsible gentlemen; neat Amer- !
lean family.
MCALLISTER, 7024— Sunny furnished or un-
furnl rooms; suite or single.; private fain.
MINNA. i;> '.\ corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 73] Large bay-window room; suit-
able for two.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh— Sunny single
front room; near town; private family; $125
week.
NATOMA, .".tiS— Sunny rooms, with or without
housekeeping.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, n r7*M«rket— Large
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up; also hskpg. I
NICELY furnished front room; suitable for
two gentlemen. 2in'4 Tehama St.; . upstairs.
OAK, s— Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; gas, bath: cheap.
O'FARRELL, 604— Neatly furnished rooms;
gas; running water; bath; single or suites;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 537— Large room, suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, £8 Eighth St.,
»ear Furnished and unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
rHE > Epworth, 1037*. Market, ~near~Odd~Fel-
low's temple; housekeeping: large and small
kitchen; bath: prices low; new management.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. H. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men.
rURK, S3G— Large corner alcove room; sun all
day; overlooking Jefferson square.
VAN XESS. 904— Elegant sunny alcove and
other room; quiet, centra! and private.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS WASTED.
MARRIED couple want nicely furnished rooms;
German family preferred; references. Address
box 746. Call office.
BY 2 young men, strangers, in private family;
not over $10 a month. Box 4^9. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies, 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. Fold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrirg nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Pli^ES--rKTr:i! FREILING'S pile salve. $1 par
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
Itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1623 Devisadero st., near Slitter.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. ■' irtm&n Paint Co.. 319 3d -i.
NICE private home In confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wife. 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th: phone White 1344.
BAD tenant? ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st,. rooms 10; tel 5."20.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 101 Post, cor. Powell tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$400— PLAIN cottage of 4 rooms; lot 30x70; $20"0.
New cottage of 6 rooms (to order); lot 34x105;
first-class bargain. J. H. YOUNG, builder,
1241 Park st.
SNAP— Xew House, 8 rooms and bath; lot Mx
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUXKE.I4I6 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— ln the best part of Berkeley, house
of 9 rooms; new: all modern Improvements;
large lot. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
adjoining Postofflce, Berkeley.
TO Furnished house of 13 rooms; 6 acres
of land: carriage house, etc. "Apply JOSEPH
J. MASON Real Estate, adjoining Post-
offi.-e. Berkeley.
_____
SPECIAL BERKELEY B \ RGAINS.
360— Cheapest lot In Berkeley: 40x122:6; near
Ashby station; stre.-t work done.
$1300 — You can't equal this bargain anywhere;
5-room modern cottage; bath: 2 bay windows;
high basement; barn, etc.; lot 4'ixl2P: near to
station, cars, schools and churches; $150 cash;
balance like rent: rare chance.
— Modern cottage; 5 large sunny rooms;
bath, closets, etc.; corner lot; 50x112; between
two car lines and near station; very easy terms.
$Soo— Cheapest lot In central Berkeley: east
of Grove and north of Dwlght way: 50x135;
street work done; easy terms; will liuihl 16 suit.
H. D. IRWIX, 1.-. rin Station.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
FOR SALE— Almost new 7-room house: bath,
pantry, folding doors, bay window, chicken
yard, stable; all fenced: large lot; close to
station, street cars, schools and churches;
price $1250; only $100 cash, balance $12 50 per
month; take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin
station nd ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS,
Office open Sundays and evenings.
FINE level lot handy to trains, schools, etc.,
for sale cheap on easy terms by O. i. MAY
* CO.. Berkeley, sole agents for Shattuck
Tract.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage pnld.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
Ftahle. chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to ,T. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1450- $450 CASH; balance $14 per month: 6-
room house: 5 minutes' walk to local. WM
P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
SUNNY modern cottage; large rooms; flowers:
fruits, chickens; bandy to school, local trains-
easy payments. MRS. A, GOODRICH, 1173
East Sixteenth st., Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 ._•<■=. In wrapper, for malline. $1 per year.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO I.i: ! .
HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath: barn; 589
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove: rent low.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LARGE room nnd kitchen; furnished; large
garden arid chicken yard; $6. J. DALSOX,
Frultvale.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE executors of the estate of Adolph Sutro,
deceased, reported the following Bales to
Judge Coffey on October 3: 3 lots in block
No. 721, on the Great Highway, *5x120 each,
for the sum of $1200; also the northwest cor-
ner of Hayes and Fillmore streets, 112 feet
6 Inches on Fillmore by 242 feet 6 Inches on
Hayes street, with an L of 25 feet 6 Inches
by 142 feet C inches, for $26,000. The resi-
dence formerly occupied by the family at
the late Adolph Sutro is situated on this
property. Judge Coffey has nxi d Tuesday,
October 17, at 10 o'clock a. m., for hearing
the return of these sales, and unless a raise
of 10 per cent Is made on these bids, on or
before that date, these Bales will probably
be confirmed.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Herman Menken and Frieda Kllngler 31-25
William A. Flowers and May Carsten 23-23
Charles O. Hasklns and Lillian A. Do wan. .27-20
E. R. de la Pena and Exlquia F. Jewett. . 21-21
Douglcs H. Hardy and Lilian R. Bolinger.. 21-21
Henry T, McGrath and Emma J. Klunder
Oluf Christiansen and Emma Gustafson 27- 8
Gottfried Melin and Rosie Meyer 41-30
Christian Slmonsen and Mary Sorensen... 40-36
Charles B. Hutchlns and Edna M. Tay10r..23-20
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GEORGE— In Oakland. October 6, 1899, to the
wife of J. Elllcott George, a son.
ROESLER In this city, September 25. 1599 to
the wife of C. A. Roesler. a daughter.
MARRIED.
MURCHI3ON'— In this city Oc-
tober 5, 1899, by the Rev. F. A. Doane. Don-
ild Murchlson and Mary A. McDonald, both
of Sun Francisco.
PRATT-SCHAEFFER— In this city, October 4
IV.'. by the Rev. T. H. Woodward, Melvin <;'
Pratt of Sacramento and Annie E. Schaeffer
of San Francisco.
SMITH— COLE— In this city, October 3 1899
by the Rev. Dr. F. B. Cherington, Lester B*
Smith and Grace M. Cole, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIED.
Aigeltinger, Anna M. McCarthy. James H.
Abrams, Donald E. McKeowne, Daniel
• Bartlett, Thomas McMahon, Mary
Buhllnger, Rose E. Magulro, Bridget
Clar, Angele C. Maharan. Martin
Coleman. Marie L. Nlehaus. Frieda
Cosbie, Frederick NUes, Ferdinand
Cowlg, Martha J. Oxley, Arthur W.
Curtin, Miss M. Patton. Mary A.
Ford, Mary Preble, Lucius W.
<;< Her, Emma M. Taylor, Mary E.
Jovovieh, Lazar Weighel. William
Kirk, Terese G. TVilkins, Hepburn
AIGELTINGER— this city, October 5, 1899,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1899.
Anna M.iria, beloved wife of Charles August
.Aigeltinger. and mother of Charles. George
and Edward Aigeltinger, Mrs. Henry Christ-
man and Mrs. Emlle Kuschel, a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 78 years and 1 month.
(Manitowoc County, Wisconsin,-- papers please
copy.)
G7"Thp funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1774 Ellis street, between Stelner and
Pierce. Interment private. Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ABRAMS— In this city, October 5. 1893, Donald
12., beloved husband of Mary Abrams. a na-
tive of Ontario, Canada, aged 35 years and 3
months.
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2319 Mission street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
tw.'ll streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul; commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car.
BARTLETT— In this city, October 6, 1599,
] I n as, beloved husband of Ellen Bartlett,
and father of Richard, William, Maurice.
Edward and Charles Bartlett, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 56 years.
E?"Remalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
BUHLINGER— In this city. October 4. 1899,
Rose Eva, dearly beloved and only daughter
of Joseph and Jacobine Buhlinger, and sis-
ter of George A., William F. and Oscar O.
Buhllnger. a native of San Francisco, aged 25 I
years and 2S days.
(n7"Friend<! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence I
of her parents, 138 California avenue, be- I
tween Virginia and Fair avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CLAR— In Guerneville, Cal., October 5, 1599.
Angele C. Clar. beloved Infant daughter of
Ivan M and Lizzie A. Clar. a native of
Guerneville, Cal., aged 10 months and 25
days.
t .'The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), nt 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
COLEMAN— In this city, October 6, 1899, Marie
Loretta, beloved daughter of James M. and
Sarah Coleman. and granddaughter of the
late Bridget Kane, a native of San Francisco,
nted 10 months.
COSBIE— In this city, October 5. 1599. Fred-
erick Cosbie. beloved husband of the late
Catherine Cosbie, brother of William and
Hugh Cosbie. and father of Mrs. George
Pierce and William 11. F. Erskine, Mary
and Grace Cosbie and of the late Abble Cos-
bie, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years 10
months and 1 day. A member of Valley Lodge
No. SO. A. O. U. W.
irXFunern! this ■ day (Saturday), at 10
0 clock, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2423 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COWIG— In this city, October 6, 1899, Martha
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mary and the
late John Cowlg, and sister of Mary. Annie.
Katie, Margaret and the late John Cowig-, a
native of Ban Francisco. (Boston papers
please copy. )
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 9, at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 614 Jessie street, off
Seventh, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURTIN In this city, October 5, 1899. Miss
Margaret Curtin, beloved sister of Mrs. Mar-
tha Massoni and Mrs. C. L. Jones, a native
of Ireland, aged 75 years.
FORD— In this city, October 6, 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Anthony Ford, and
beloved mother of Michael. James, Edward,
Thomas, Henry and the late Willie Ford, a
native of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 60
years. 'Boston and Chelsey, Mass., papers
please copy.)
GOLLER— In this city, October 5, 1899, at her
residence, 1423 California street. Emma M.,
beloved wife of Henry J. Goller, daughter of
Mrs. F. M. H. Pomeroy and the late Julius
T. Pomeroy, and sister of J. Edgar Pomeroy,
a native of San Jose. Cal., aged 36 years and
7 months.
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 1423 Cali-
fornia street. Interment private.
JOVOVICH— In this city, October 5, 1899, Lazar
Jovovieh. beloved uncle of Spasoje and An-
drija Jovovich. a native of Kameno, Aus-
tria, aeed K3 years.
G~yFrlej»ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to be in attendance to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the Servian-Monte-
negrin Hall, 10 California street, thence to
Russian Church, Powell street, near Union,
where services will be held at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KIRK— In this city, October .">, 1539. at her resi-
dence, 3244 Twenty-first street. Terese Graf-
fam Kirk, widow of the late S. B. Kirk, and
mother ot J. Eugene and Edwin P. Kirk and
Mrs. A. W. Bell, a native of Camden, Me.,
aged 60 years 9 months and 11 days.
r .'Th- funeral services will be held
this day (Saturday), at -' o'clock, nt the
funeral Darlors of H. C Bunker & Co., 2fiiJ6
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment private.
MCCARTHY— In this city. October 5. 1899,
James Henry McCarthy, beloved husband of
Catherine McCarthy, and father of Irene.
Katie, Bailie, James and Charles McCarthy,
a native of Washington, D. C, aged 40 years
and 2 months.
C. -'!■'::■'. ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1224 Vallejo street, between Leaven-
worth ami Hyde, them to St. Bridget's
Church, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
McKEOWNE— In this city, October 6, 1899,
Daniel McKeowne, a native of County Ar-
magh, Ireland, aged CO years.
McMAHON In the City and County Hospital.
October «. 1899, Mar) McMahon, a native of
Ireland, nceil W years.
MAGUIRE— In this city, October 5. ISM. Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Patrick Magulre,
and mother of Thomas and John Magulre, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 65
years.
C, Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, frcm the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment H ly Cross Cemetery.
MAHARAN— In this city, October 4, 1899, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of the late Mary Ma-
haran. ami father of Mrs. George McKenna,
Mrs. Mary Langley, Mrs. W. Savage John
Peter Martin and the late Michael Maharan,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
C 7 years.
ITT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. James Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NIEHAUS— In West Berkeley, October 6, 1899,
Frieda, beloved daughter of Adolph and
Frledericke Nlehaus, a native of West
Berkeley, aged l month and 8 days.
NILES— In this city, October 6, 1899. Ferdi-
nand, beloved husband of Katie Nlles. and
father of Mrs, George Caffney, a native of
Luttringer, Germany, aged 51 years. A mem-
ber of Germania Lodge No. 7. O. d. H. S.,
and Goethe Iyodge No. 1443, K. and L. of 11.,
of St. Louis, Mo.
(ryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 115 Eleventh street, between Mission
and Howard, thence to St. « Joseph's Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
OXLEY— In Lodi. October 4. 1599, Arthur Wal-
lls. beloved husband of Emily J. Oxley, and
father of Lillian. Arthur V., George, Maud,
Walter, Amy and Ethel Oxley and Mrs.
George Rhorer, a native of London, England,
used 58 years 3 months and 12 days. (Mel-
bourne, Australia, papers please copy.)
(TTThf funeral services will be held
at his late residence In Lodi this day (Sat-
• nrday), at 2 o'clock.
FATTOX— In this city, October 6. 1899, Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of Thomas Patton.
mother of Mollie, Thomas. William, George
and Irene Patton, and sister of Officer P. E.
Fleming, Mrs. J. Ready and Theresa Haffey.
a native of County Klldare, Ireland, aged *54
years and 11 days.
[[^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 438 Tenth street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
PREBLE— In Oakland. October 4, 1599, Lucius
V\, beloved husband of Hannah Louise
Treble, and father of Percy B. Preble, a na-
tive of Whitefleld, Me., aged 71 years 4
months and 4 days.
(TTFriend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery Chapel, San Francisco, upon arrival of
funeral car leaving Market and Steuart
streets at 10:43 o'clock, via San Mateo elec-
tric cars.
TAYLOR— In East Oakland. October 5, 1599
Mary Elizabeth, beloved wife of James W.
Taylor, and mother of George C. Taylor and
Mrs. Ida F. Chaffee, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ac -'l 45 years •" months and 19 days.
tTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Twenty-fourth Avenue M. E. Church. East
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
WEIGHEL— In Ben Lomond, C a October 6
1599, William Weighel, late of Paradise Val-
ley. Nevada, aged 68 years.
WILKINS San Rafael. October 5 1599
Hepburn Wllklns. brother of James H. Wllk-
ins, a native of Baltimore, Md.
Funeral private. Please do not send
flowers.
HLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
to Flßnnapran & Gallagher)
FLNKKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SOk
X. F. Dethlefsen. Chas H. Jacob.
CfiAS. H JACOB fr CO..
Funeral Directors and Enihalmers, 313
Maaon street, bet. <;»;iry ar.'l O'Farreli
Ftreets. Telephone Main C 213.
ROWDYISM REIGNS AT
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
Continued from Seventh Page.
! cratic orgranizatlons of this city. Hence j
the honor at your hands. Gentlemen, I I
have listened to the discussion to-night on >
the resolutions introduced and I believe I
we have evolved a municipal policy in
thifl city which has drawn to its support !
not only every Democrat, but many citi- |
zens who are not tied to any party or
organization. They only want the best j
government and want it conducted hon
estly and in the interest of all— not Dem
ocrats alone, but in the interests of all !
the people, and our organization is made
the instrument by which the government
may come to the people."
The Mayor then discussed the Chicago
platform and its applicability to munic
pal affairs. He said he could not see any
Inconsistency between the Chicago and
the local platforms, as the former con
tained many provisions which perhaps
would not apply to local affairs, but on 1
th<- other hand it did contain provisions
I which vitally interested the citizens of
this city. He then alluded to the plat
form on trusts and said that the local
eaa and water companies bore a striking ■■
' likeness to the great trusts of the Windy
City. He said he would not care to force
the platform of any city on the voters ;
of this city, but what the party desired
to do was to show them that its principles
are democratic. That the party was op- |
posed to trusts and capital, that it be- i
lit-ved in the power of the rights of the
people and demand of them, no matter!
to what party they belong, to subscribe i
to the I democratic party.
'"iTie candidate of the' Republican party,
in his speech of acceptance last night, as- j
i serted that national issues must be con- j
sidered in this campaign, and appealed I
[ to his convention to get together and arm i
and fortify themselves, for what— for the ■
I election next year. Next year? We are '■■
not preparing for that election; we are
conducting the election this year. I be- 1
lieve, with all respect to the years of
i public service of Mr. Horace Davis, I say
here that he is— it is a hard word to use,
but I will use it— that he is a traitor to
the new government of San Francisco;
that he is false to the charter, when he
uttered that word, when he endeavored
to influence the minds of the people in !
incorporating national issues in a muni-!
cipal campaign, when the spirit of that I
instrument is designed to banish national :
issues from municipal affairs." In con
cluding, the sneaker asked for the support
of all the candidates on the ticket, and
also dwelt on the chances for the im- i
provement of this city. He said that the |
people had cast off its swaddling: clothes
and thought it time to put on a new dress. 1
"Let us have the courage and confident ••
of a young city, that we are going ahead. I
j Let there be no question of conservatism "
I Thomas Brosnan interrupted the Mayor
i and asked him to give his opinion on the
.street contract Hut the Mayor ignored
the interrupter and quickly finished his i
speech. Again the hall was filled with the
cheers of delegates and spectators and
the Mayor bowed himself into the wings.
! whence he watched the crowning of hU
programme,
Andrew (I. Magulre took the platform
and placed Captain Dennis Geary in
nomination for C -nnty Clerk. He told of
his candidate's service In the Philippines
as a member of the California Regiment
and of his high Btandbig as a citizen. The
name was received with cheers by the
delegates who were in on the programme.
bul many in the lobby and on the floor of
I the convention wanted to know who
Geary was. Charles M. Sioltz followed
and place. l ex-County Clerk M. C.
M. ley In nomination. in a long
speech he called attention to Mr.
Haley's splendid record while in
office and appealed to the delegates to
support him. Thomas J. Ford then fol
• lowed and placed John A. Brown in
I nomination for The office. The nomina
tions having closed, balloting for the can
didates was taken up. As has already
been stated, pandemonium reigned. Af
ter order had been restored another bal
lot was taken, which resulted In Geary
'securing ISO votes and Haley 151 Geary
being declared the nominee, he took the
Stage an.i thanked th<» convention and
. promised to be loyal to the ticket and
I the principles of the party.
Livingston Jftiks nominated Lewis F.
Byington for District Attorney. R. Por
ter Ashe was also nominated.
Vshe took the stajge and made a speech.
He said he had come here from a
sickbed to find out whether 1 his sraa a
Democratic convention. He had s-< n an
Infamously false article In the Bulletin
Bigned by P. H. McCarthy. Ashe had not
proceeded far without cheers, cat calls
and interruptions. The question was put
to the house whether Ashe should eon
! tinue. The "ayes" and the "nr.es" yelled
like madmen. The chair ruled that Ashe
should continue. Ashe then went on. Ho
believed that the convention would Judge
! a candidacy impartially, but he had been
told by William J. Bißgy that a man rot
on the slat- was a fool to come before the
convention. Groans greeted the state
ment. Eugene Deuprey, that apostle of
reform, had told him the same; that he
did not dare to have his name corn*- In -
■■ re the convention, if the party wished
to win it must have It known that it was
not owned, body, boots and breeches, by
Gavin McNab.
Here a pandemonium of noises took
place. A young man climbed on the stage
With the seeming Intent to have it out
with Ashe. but he was choked off and
compelled to leave the stage. Ashe then
I took a shy at Charles Wesley Heed, and
said that he had been forced off the ticket
: by McNab.
Sidney Van "Wyck, for about the dozenth
time, interrupted Ashe, and the uproar
was resumed.
When there was another break Ashe.
said that he asked the convention to give
; him a run for his health. He was not
going to seek to get in through the tran
som to the office: If he got in he would
be a fnithful official.
W. W. McNair of the Thirty-ninth nom
inated Colonel Thomas F. Barry. He
j called on Barry to come to the ttage.
Colono] Parry said that his own ser-
I vices had been more eloquent in advocacy
of his candidacy than he could say. if
services more recent than his should out
weigh his c'aim he would accept (he ver
dict as the sincere conclusion of the con
vention. If defeated he would not go
away dissatisfied. He would work hard
for the ticket whether he was nominated
or not.
The ballot was then tnkon and resulted
as follows: Byington 12f>. Ashe »0 Barry
27. The nomination of Byington was
made unanimous.
For Recorder the nominations were-
Edward Godchaux, William C. Ring.
Godchaux won out — ?fi( to US
The names presented for Police Judge
were as follows: Edward P Mncri
Charles T. Conlan. Lansing G. Mizner!
Alexander T. Patton. George H. Cabaniss
t Alfred J. Fritz nnd Frank W. Lawlor
I The ballot gave the nomination to Mo
gan, Conlan. Cabaniss and Fritz The vote
was: Mogan 2P<l, Conlan 256 Mizner 137
Patton 35, Cabaniss 270, Fritz 207, Law
lor 22.
The convention then adjourned.
People's Party Convention.
The People's Party convention met last
night at Pythian Castle, 900 Market street,
and indorsed the silver plank of the Na
tional Democratic Convention. The con
vention nominated Albert ITeyer for As
sessor and Nathan Blbo for Supervisor.
The convention adjourned to Saturday"
October 7, at which time other nomina
tions will be made.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
American Surety Company of New York to
Mary Jordan, lot on W line of Webster street,
47 4 S of Grove, 9 ."":s by \V 97:6; also lot on
S line of Fulton .street. 110 E of Stelner, E 27
l.y S HO, quitclaim deed; Jl.
Hlbernia Savings mid Loan Society to Hugh
F. Kpoii, I « .t on X line •■! Lyon street, 55 Nof
Geary, N 25 by E 62; $12S0.
German Savings and Loan Society to John J
O'Connor, Jot 17. block 3, Marion Tract (Hos
pital lot); $10.
Kubrrt and Jennwe I. Ploper to Augusta
Si haefcr, lot on S line of Beulah street, 100 \V
of Co!.-, W SO by S 125; $10.
Susan Lowe (Murphy) and E. Louis Lowe to
Stauffer Chemical Company (a corporation),
lot on E Une of Itah street, 175 S of Alameda,
S 25 by E 200: »10.
Robert Wilson to Robert Frances. Anna M.,
Elizabeth and Frank D. Peterson, lot on E line
- ad Ivenue, 177:6 S of Lake street, S 25
by E 110; i>'ift.
Humboldt Lumber Mill Company to Richard
Uarker Jr.. lut on W line of Forty-sixth ave
nue, 175 S of 3 street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
David D. Houston (by John K. Moore, attor
ney) to Thomas U. Sweeney, outside land
blocks 761 and 7G2; also lot on SE corner of X
street and Ninth avenue, E 240, S 321:8, W 241,
N 308:9; also lot on SE corner of Eighth ave
nue and X street, E 240 by S 225, quitclaim
det'd; $50
Mary B. Matthal (by E. B. Pond and H. C.
Campbell, trustees) to Pan Francisco Savings
X'nlon, lf.S5 d 2f.0. lot. on E line of Moultrie
<MinoO street, 350 S of Eugenia E
110. S 130, w 141, N 120, lots 274 to 253, Gift Map
3, trustees' deed; $2000.
George E. Lawrence and Arianna and J. H.
"Wliitham to Lizzie Pelser, lot on S line of
Jackßon street, 156 W of Baker, W 15 by S
127:8tt; $10.
Marie J. Caatlen to Marie E. Salomon, lot
on E line of Clnyton street. 100 N of Pa^e,
N 20 by E 106:3; also lot oa W line of Thirty
first avenue, 175 N of V street, N 25 by W 120;
gift.
Augusta K. Glbbs to Joseph and Elizabeth
Gos?, lot on W line of Capp street, 145:2*4 S
of Sixteenth, S 50 by W 166; $10.
Julia Felge to Henry Feige, lot on W line of
Guerrero street, 51:6 S of Army, S 25 by \V
100; $10.
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton and Frances
Bolton Melliaa to Anna Grieb (wife of S. T.),
lot on N line of Greenwich, 112:6 W of Jones,
W 25 by N 137:6: $10.
Margaret and William Thon and Josephine
I Kehoe to Gustave H. Umbsen. lot on SW cor
ner of Folsom avenue, 250 SE of Folsom, SE
25 by SW 02:6; Jin.
Mary M. B. Martin to Joseph T. and Char
lotte F. W. Cooney, lot on E line of Ninth
avenue, 125 S of C street, S 25 by E 120; also
assumes mortgage in 162S d 274 for 11750; $10.
Daniel and Jeannette Roth to John II Wise,
lot on SE corner of Harrison, 225 NE of
Eighth, XE 50 by BE 73; $10.
Elizabeth C. and Mary M. Richardson to
I Owen MoH-JKh. lot on W llr.e of Fourteenth
; avenue, 125 N of I street, N 50 by W 127:6; $10.
Grace I. Winter t<> George G. Wickson, lot
on W line of Ninth avenue, 150 S o:' O street.
B 50 by W 120; $10.
Thomas R. Dunn to Fairmount Loan Associ
ation, lots 47 and 4S, block 45. Sunnyside; $1400.
Alameda County.
John Pritchard (by Z. T. Gilpln, tax collector) ,
to M. McCann, lot.-" 1 and 11. block 754, Peralta
I Homestead, tax deed. Oakland: $5.
John P. Beckett to Arthur H. Breed, undi
vided half of lot on S line of Thirty-seventh
street, 206.57 E of Market. E 35.35. S 150. \Y
24.R1. N 41.31. W 25, N 109.11 to beginning,
being portion of Beckett's Second Addition to
: Oakland, Oakland; $10.
I Roxina Holewick to David M. Stewart, lot on
! W line of Linden street, 50 N of Fortythlrd. N
50 by W 90. being lot 2. block 2096, Alden Tract,
at Temescal, Oakland; $10.
j Edmaresa S. McLaren to Mny E. and Edwin
I J Squires, lot on S line of Twenty-first street,
1 100 \V of West, \V 45 by S 100, block 800. Oak-
I land; $2000.
J.ihn Titus to E. W. and I. E. Rivers, lot on
S line of Ninth street, 157:7' 2 W of Kirkham, W
30, S 120:S, E 3rt, N 121:1 to beginning, being por
tion of lot 7 in plot 885, Oakland: $10.
Oakland Water Front Company to Balfour-
Guthrle Investment Company, parcel Of land
bounded on the W by E line of Filbert street If ;
extended S on its pret"*nt course, S by N I ler j
1 Head line of Oakland harbor. E by lands oi Bec
"iirl property herein acquired by deed from Pa
! cine Nail Company, dated March 16, 1899, and
N by N boundary line of 3nO foot Compromise
I strip, so called, Oakland: $10.
Emille A. Bertsch (wife of W. H.) and
Charles S. Trlpler Jr.. to John D. French, lot
on W corner of E Twenty-third street and
i Eleventh avenue, SW lm by NW 150, block 138,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
W. H. Donahue (administrator of the estate
of Constancia Enos) to Lisetta Banman. lot on
W corner E Fifteenth street and Fifteenth ave
nue, NW 75 by SW 65, block 16, San Antonio,
I East Oakland; $1550.
Joseph Fritschi (by A. J. Rosborough. tax
i collector) to M. McCann, lot on SW line of
i East Twenty-second street. I!'4:S4 SK of Twen
ty-fourth avenue, SE 50 by SW 150, block N, 50
Associates Tract, tax deed, East Oakland: $1.
Charles and Carrie Gross to Walter G.^ Tlb
betts, beginning at a point 100 E fr<>m m St.
Charlea street and 317:6 S from S line of Pun
Antonio avenue, S 60 by E 50. being a portion
of Fitch and Sharon Tract, Alameda: $10.
Same to Charles A. Hooper, lot beginning at
| a point 150 E from E line of St. Charles street
; and 510 S from S line of San Antonio avenue, S
200 by W 50 S to Hay of San Francisco, thence
: SE to line dividing lands of Uaum from lands,
formerly owned by H. Hansmann, thence N to
: a point which la distant 610 B from S line of
Fan Antonio avenue and 20u E from E line of
St. Charles street. W 60, to beginning, being
portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract, Alameda;
•also tract of tide land bounded on N by S
boundary line of above described, S by N line
of Alameda Basin, E by E boundary line of
above-decrihed property, B to Alameda Basin
j and W by W boundary line of tract above de
; Fcribed produced S to Alameda Basin, con
taining five acres, Alameda: SI".
; Annie M Hudson to Conrad Helmke, lot on
E line of Franklin street. 452 N of Fourteenth,
N 25:8 by E 150. Oakland; $10.
George W. and Hel.-n M. Randall to James
I O. Shaylor. lot on W line of Campbell street,
50 N of Beward, N 80 by W 115, being lot 13,
block 711, Oakland: $10.
William H. Knight (administrator of the es
tate of James Sellick. by J. B. Lank tree, com
missioner) to Edith A. Whitney, lot on W cor
• ncr of Fourth avenue and East Eighteenth
: street. SW 159.08, NW 200, NE 137.42, SE 201.35,
! to beginning, block 101, Map of Watson Prop
erty, East Oakland; r
Edwin I. Welle t William J. Laymance. lot
1 n NW line of Twentieth avenue. 28 SW of E;^t
Twenty-first street SW 2> by NW 100. block 53,
Sun Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
William J. Layir.ance to Mary Pedro, same.
Fas' > Oakland; JlO.
Elmhurst Land Company 'corporation) to Es
! ther M. Vincent, lot 31, Elmhurst Park, Brook
lyn Township: $i"0.
Clifton H. and <;raoe Axtell to R, J. MoMul
! len, lots 3S and 89, resubdlvislon of Mock 34,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $io.
Henry 7>. Jones to AllerfHale Hall Association
i (a corprratiun), lots 23 and 24. block 3, Allen
■ l.i 1- - Tract. Brooklyn Township; $li.
n. J. McMullen to Emille Clausen, lot on
j E line of Chestnut street. 150 N of Thirty-
B6C md, N 76 by E 125:2, being a portion of lots
2 and 3, block 875, Watts Tract, subject to
; mortstaw 1 . quitclaim deed, Oakland; $10.
I J. J. North ( assignee of Fortin Brick Com
pany, a corporation) to Charles E. Clausen.
lot on E line of Chestnut street. 125 N of
Thirty-second, N 25 by E 125:3. being a portion
j of lot 2, block 675, Watts Tract, quitclaim
! deed. Oakland: $K>.
i O. A. and Andrlne Brewick to same, same,
\ quitclaim deed, Oakland; $10.
Bridget Higgins to Peter J. and Louisa E.
Kollch, lot on W line of Chestnut street. 218:3
S of Twenty-first, S 25 by W 127, being lot
12 block A, Adeline-street Property, Oakland;
I $10.
Sarah A. Movar to George Movar, lot 24 on
Map Pacific Theological Seminary Tract, Oak
! land: $10.
A. S. Baldwin to C. W. Clarke, lots 21 to 25
1 and that portion of lot 26 described as follows:
NW line of Eleventh avenue, 145.16 NE fr"m
N corner of Eleventh and Bella Vista avenues,
NW 141.58, NE 40. SE 144. 05. PW 40.06. to be
ginning, nil In block <>. ; also lots 9, 10 and 11,
block D; also a portion of lot 7. described as
! follows: NE line of Bella Vista avenue, 52.57
\ SE from E corner of Eleventh rind Bella Vista
1 avenues. SE 47 by NE 185, being a portion of
block D, Bella Vista Park. East Oakland*; also
i property In Kings and Tdlare '•■unties; $13,500.
Georglanna de R. Baranidls to Prudent Re
mond, lots 32 to 3r>, block 28, Map of I. M.
Went worth Boot and Shoe Company's Tract,
I Berkeley; $10.
j S. S. and M"amle A. Austin to Ernest L. Law-
J son, lots 42 and 43, Brom.ey Tract, Brooklyn
1 Township; $io.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Benjamin F.
Rathfon, lots 8, 9, 20 and 21. block 1. on Map
of Berthler's Addition' to Jones Tract, being
a subdivision of lots 2 and IS, Peralta Tract,
Brooklyn Township; grant.
Anna E. Pheahan to Jennie E. Barrow, lot on
E line of Telegraph avenue or choate street.
CO S of of Bancroft way. S 35 by X 150, being
portion of l"t 8, block 10, College Homestead,
Berkeley: also lot on E line of Telegraph ave
nue or choate street, 'J'< 8 of Bancroft way, S
35 by E ir.o. being portion of lot 8, block 10,
fcame. Berkeley; Ji°.
Margaret Sprott to same, lot on E lino nf
Telegraph avenue or Choate street. 95 S of Ban
croft way. S 35 by E 15n, being portion of lot
S, block 10, same. Berkeley; $450.
Ann Dorman to same, lot on E line of Tele
graph avenue or Choate street. RO S of Bancroft
way. S 35 by E ir.O, being portion of lot S, block
10, same. Berkeley.; J450.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A W Brook?, Stockton | C Cooper, Portland
! a Brown, Vallejo ;J F Jordan, Vlsalla
A H Heller, Hudson S M Hamby, Roseburs?
i; }I McClure, Chicago Mrs M Jones, Anaheim
111 J Stone. N V Mrs S Kirk. Anaheim
A J Grandman, Milwk Miss E Kirk, San Jose
Miss .T Able, S ("lara G II Bradt. ('inn
L F Brewer, BactO !J M Pell, Seattle
C S Hill. Butte IE B Tyler, Tulare
W L Hill. Botta H J Pfluoger, Fresno
A Beadorf, Butta I }-'razpr & v, S Jo3e
C \v Lane. Butte L Conrath, Cal
j p Corliss, N V Mr.- c Lewis, Benlcla
H W St John, N V Mrs t: Oreen, Saglnaw
Mrs T Martin. L Gatos G-W Allen & w. Cal
T B Comßtock & w.LA C M Dimmlck, Chcgo
J Morrice & w, Oakld Mrs N Weiss, S Barbr
j Hicks, N V D Campbell, Loa Ang
C i! McClura & w.Chg H Powers, Napa
J D McGee, Portervlll Charlotte Brown, S Jh
S stone. Sacto E (fain, Ban Jose
J F McJenkln, Hanfrd C B Seger, Houston
Mrs H Henderson, liA Jennie Warren. Watav
B A Downey. Pleasant J Flanapan. Montana
A S Rlley, N T \A B Dowdell 8 Helna
Mrs BiFh, Oranpe .7 H WUkenfl &■ w Stk
J Thomas, B Helena P A Buell. Stockton
L D Jacks, Sta Rosa A J Larson, 1^..1l
W Swingle, Wash,D C J G Gay, Lodi
j Rearshelmer & wf, J m Oeorpo Grants P
Seattle I N Hook, Hookstown
E Adam?, N X I
PALACE HOTEL.
T E Valentine, Sacto *,F. P fJunn, S Barbara
E L Parsent. Texsis S M White, v S X
E Casey, Shanghai C R Patterson Phlla
E L Rcber, Seattle Lt Col Farley, Quebec
N Feldsteln, N V Mrs Farley. " Quebec
J I' iiozler. NY A Nleman, \"aliejo
Mrs F H Hopkins, Or|B L Crovat, N V
3 M Ashton. Tacoma A Levitt. Phlla
Mrs M H Donald, N V F W Watson. Stanford
\V 3 Btocker, England H T Gaße, Sacto
C S Fogs;. Tacoma Mrs H T <; ;l se Sacto
Mrs L g Pope. Stocktn G V Bradley, U s N
H L Leach. Chicago : Mrs O P Bradley U
L Lellls. Cal j S N
E H Cox, Matlera W M Atkinson, U S N
J G Roberts, Madera T J McCarthy, Cal
S H Wcstfall, Sacto W Bur:is Jr. Texas
H J Rnsenstetter, Pa , E L Farrear, Mass
W G Eells, Pa ,H Z< Ainsworth, Cal
R E Sergison, Pa I Mrs Alneworth Cal
J Plncua, NY W G Kerckhoff L \n-
A W Morris. Canada j L Freund. N V
C G Griffith. Spokane] R N Godfrey. Oregcn
NETW WESTERN HOTEL.
F H Hamerton. S BrbiJ Maloney, lowa
H Rasmussen, Russia A C'arlinskl, lowa
H Wulff, Madison W S Howe, New Tork
C Hauge, N Mexico ( B Fernsindo, Los Ang
H Schneider, Willows J S Dolllver, Montana
N Bellbe, Fresno !F C Barnett. Montana
H A Braere, Madera C A Johnson, N V
S M Sawyer. S Dak C Hoffman, N V
G O Kruger. Stockton W B K.lmonston & wf,
A Gatzke, Petaluma ; Stockton
CI- Fisher, Indiana IS Mixion. Pan Diego
B Stein & W, S Jose i B F Hall. Monterey
C H Watson, MarysVQ F Finch, Sacto
H M Kriess. MoodsiicS Vroman, Colfaz
F Conroth. Fresno 8 Lapant, Modesto
J J Summerfleld". S Rsa T R Qulnn, Reno
F Cottle. San Jose [C W McKelvey. B Lake
c A'an X ithoven. S Js H C Obrock, N V
R Curothers, UklaJi
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
50 Giant Powder Con ...'. 7S 25
60 Giant Powder Con s 90 7S SO
10 Giant Powder Con 78 50
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 2."i
6 Taauhau S P CO 36 50
10 S F Gas & Electric 65 00
$2000 S p of c 6s (1012) US 00
50 Spring Valley Water - 100 $74
10 Spring: Valley Water : ...100 75
200 Vigorit Powder 2 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 California-street Railroad 120 00
20 Contra Costa Water 6S 25
50 Equitable Gas 5 $74
70 Giant Powder Con 78 75
5 Giant Powder Con "8 S7V4
50 Market-street Railway b 3 04 CO
60 Market-.- treet Railway 64 00
"5 Onorr.ea Sugar Co S3 00
10 Paauhau 8 P Co 36 25
20 I'aauhau S P Co b 30 36 12V4
15 Paauhau S P Co 36 00
100 Pacific Gas Imp 65 00
30 Pacific Lighting 4100
SOS Gas & Electric Co 65 00
! $1000 S F & X P Railway bonds 113 $74
250 Vigorit Powder 2 50
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 6? -■'
100 Equitable Gas 5 75
10 Giant Powder Con «S 00
10 Giant Powder Con 77 574
100 Hutehlnson Sugar Co 3' 374
20 Hutchinson Sugar Co 30 50
SO S F Gas & Electric  •>■» ">
10 Market-street Railway 61 12 -
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 78 IS
20 Giant Powder Con 7S 624
5 Giant Powder Con 78 60 ;
180 Equitable Gas 6 00
20 Onomea Sugar Go 37 62 1
10 Onomea Sugar Co 37 50
10 Onomea Sugar Co 37 374
50 Market-street Railway 64 00
45 S F Gas i Electric 64 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 23 1 600 Kale & Norcrs. 37
100 Best & Belcher. 42: 200 Overman 22
700 Chollar 43 j 300 Potosi 57
400 Con Cal & Va..l SO j 700 Potosl 58
100 Crown Point ... 19 200 Savage 29
300 Gould & Curry. 42] 270 S. Nevada 70
50 Hale & Norcrs. 38; 100 Utah 13
Afternoon Session
100 Belcher 26, 100 Mexican 3S
50 Caledonia 7;'.; 2^o Ophir 1 Or.
60 Caledonia 73 800 Potosi ."9
200 Caledonia 74 50 Sierra Nevada.. 72
100 Justice 08i 60 Union Con 41
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stociv
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 11! 200 Ophir 1 02^
100 Belcher 2*3 i 300 Overman 22
UOO Best 42; 200 Potnsi &5
» Kullion OS 200 PotOSi 56
800 i 'hollar 421 300 Potosi 67
600 Chollar v. 850 Potosi 58
400 Chollar 44 «00 Potosi 59
200 Con cal& Va.l 4"H 200 Potosi 60
100 Con Cal & Va.l 60 300 Savage 2S
700 frown Point 20: 2(iO Sierra Nevada. 70
600 Gould & Curry. 41 200 Sierra Nevada. 69
400 Gould ft Curry. 40 200 Union Con 40
200 Hale & Norcrs. 36 200 Utah 13
2PO Hale & Norcrs. 37! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 30
200 Hale & Norcrs. 35; 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
600 Kentucky 05 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 26 100 Ophir 105
200 H~st & Helcher. 40 100 Ophir 1 02H
4i-i. Chollar 42 200 Ophir 100
200 Con Cal & Va.l 52' 2 2fn Overman 22
300 Con Cal & Va. .1 50 K0 Potosi 68
300 Crown Point.... IS 600 Potosi 50
200 Hale & Norcrs. 361 500 Potosi 57
300 Hale & Norcrs. 36 200 Potosi 56
200 Justice 08 200 Union Con 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. October 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 07 08
Alta 04 05 Kentucky 03 05
Andes 12 13 1 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 25 26 Mexican 35 36
Best & Belcher 40 41 1 Occidental 21 24
Bullion 05 OS Ophir 100 105
Caledonia 73 75 Overman 22 23
Chollar 42 43 Potosi . r >6 5S
Challenge Con. 33 34 Savage 26 27
Confidence 77 83 Scorpion 02 —
Con I'al & Va..l 45 150 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Imperial .. — T2 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Crown Point .. 19 20 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard 31) —
East S Nev 02 — Syndicate 06 —
Eureka Con ... — 50 St. Louis 07 —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 40 41
Gould A Curry. 39 40 Utah 12 13
Hale & Norcrs. 35 36 Yellow Jacket.. 23 30
Julia ■ — ''3
Time Ball.
JBranch Hydro graphic Office, U. 3. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 6. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lletitennnt Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters cccur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7.
NOTE— In the übove exposition of the tides
the early morning tiles are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
'he day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, an sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rP f Pr f.n^p Is the me.in of the lower low waters.
Steamer Mwements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October J.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Memloclno.
Stmr Cleone, Hlgglns. 24 hours from Caspar,
via Albion 20 hours, with schr Dewey In tow.
Stmr Weeott. Ellis. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. 27 hours from Eu
reka: bound to San Pedro; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 31 hours from
Ventura.
Schr Dewey, Schmalllng, 20 hours from Al
bion. in low of stmr Cleone.
Schr Charles Levl Woodbury. ' Falkman, 12
days from Kodiak.
CLEARED.
Friday, October 8.
Ptmr Pcmona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kin* & Co.
stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Coop Bay, Smith, San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins ,<i Co.
Nor Btmr Titan Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Roeenfelds Sens.
SAILED.
Friday, October «.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, .
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Lacuna, Erlccson, Deal.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Br ship Forest Hall. Scott. Liverpool.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff. Eureka.
Schr Del Norte. .Taonhsen. Rogue River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 8, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind west: velocity S miles.
CORRECTION.
The schr Mary Etta, reported as arrived last
evening, I? an error. It should read schr Ar
chie and Fontie, Jensen. 3 days from Stewarts
Int.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Ocl s— Schr La Gl
ronde and schr Laura Madsen, for San Fran
cisco; echr Viking, for Ban Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK-Sailed Oct 5-Bktn Katie
I Fllrkinser. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO - Oct Stmr Samoa, for
Francisco. Oct 3— Schr Mebel Gray, for Eu
reka. Oct B— Schr J A Campbell, lor Tacoma;
schr F s Red Held, for Tacoma.
Arrived Oct 3— Bktn Retriever, from Port
Hadlock.
NEWPORT-Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Fulton, for
SAN DIEGO— Oct 6— Stmr Sequoia, for
San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Bar-
I bara Hernsti r, hence lid 4.
EUREKA— FaiIed Oct 6— Simrs Bruswick and
South Coast, for San Francisco.
■FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived Oct 6-Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles.
i Sailed Oct s— Br Btmr Robert Adamson, for
j San Francisco.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct 6— Br stmr Slam, hnc
< Auk 19. vi.i Honolulu. Sept 27— Ship Agenor,
from Newcastle, A us.
i Sailed Sept 27— Stmr City of Sydney, for San
: Francisco, via Nagasaki. Oct 6— Stmr City of
I Puebla, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 24— stmr Bel
gian Klncr. hence Sept 16. Sept 27— Haw stmr
Aztec, hence Sept 17.
Sailed Sen 25- Br stmr Belgian King, for
. Manila.
KOBE— Arrived Got 3— Br stmr Port Albert,
from Tacoma. for Manila.
DEAL— Passed Oct s— Ger brig Angela, from
Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Sept 30— Hal bark Precursor?,
for San Francisco.
DELAGOA BAT— Arrived Oct s— Ship M P
Grace, from Port Blnkeley.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr New Eng
land, from Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct Stmr Spaarn
dam from New York, via Boulogne.
GENOA— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Aller, from
New York, via Naples.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Columbia,
from Hamburg, etc. ■
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Oct C— Stmr F"uerpt
1 Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»^ Steamers leave Broadway
'(Ofer**. wharf, San Francisco.
! Kfe¥)??tefck For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
1 B£lM^A&!^ Oct. 3, \ 13. IS. 22, 2S; Nov.
' HBVS&S^SfII 2, change at Seattle.
I fi&ss««>al F or Victoria, Vancouver
. HHCIM^U (B. C.)., Fort Townsend. Se-
f^^^|^H?aßfl att>e. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash 10 a. m.. Oct. 3, 8.
13. 18. 23, 2S; Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tncoma to N. P. R>-; at van--
C °For r ureka (Humboldt Pay). 2 p. m.. Oct
6 11, 16. 21, 26, 31; Nov. 6 and every fifth
da Fcr he t!an ta r 'Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
fan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angelert and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Oct. 3, 7. U. In. 19 23, Z7, 31.
Nov. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo>. Santa Barbara. Port
I^os Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m. Oct .9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 20: Nov. 2. and every
fnurth day thereafter. - _"- ■- . ".
For EnsPnada. Macdalena Bay. Pan .Jom del
Cabo. Mazatlnn. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Me?.), 10 a. m.. ah of each
For further Information obtain a folder
The company reserve? the right to ohan?s
•without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aI TIc'KIET' > OFFJCJE — 4 New Montgomery
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From i=nf>nr-f=treet Whar' at 1° a. TV
CADE *»2 First Class Including Berth
rAnt «8 Second Class end Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails...^ct. 5. 15. 25
«h..rt Line 'to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket, to "".^J^ A<?ent .
630 Market st.
GOODALL ' PERKIKS &
GOODALL. JERKINS & eHntendgnts ,
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
gt Paul Oct. ISIPt. Paul Nov. , »
New York Oct. 25 New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. 1 St. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York an 1 Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. lSlFriesland Nov. . 1
Kensington ....Oct. 2r,i Southwark Nov. lo
Nordland ..::: i Nov. li Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
INTERNATIONAL a NAV?GATION COMPANY,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. \;
AMERICA-MARU Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU. .Wednesday. November 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PEfIBEMMfA Wednesday, October
fIiSSSEIiI, ?n " 9 for Honolulu
fc * Wednesday, October
M ■> — < 18. at 2p. m.
fLy^\^\ S. S. Moana sails
JSKinrchine) v 'a Honolulu and
CylWl!llJlll l Auckland for Sydney
mf!Hr\nT?/J-» Wednesday, Nov. 1,
lyillLHlUvp a t io p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $Glo first class.
I. D. SPHECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. in. <3-Cils
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •**"*■-•■"•*■»•
Morton St. LA NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE, Oct. 14; LA GASCOONE, Oct.
21; LA BRET AGNE.. Oct. 2S: LA TOURAINE,
Nov. 4. Flrct-clasa to Havre. *«0 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye,. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), .Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays., 10:30 a. m., *
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ..m~*~~. — -**
1314
BUSINESS MEN
FORM TRAFFIC
ORGANIZATION
Will Defend Trade of
the Coast.
, — —
H. D. LOVELAND CHAIRMAN
•
Leading Lines of Business Repre
sented in Central Body, Which
Will Be Increased by Other
Cities.
♦
The Pacific Coast Traffic Association
<vas called Into existence yesterday after
noon at the meeting of wholesalers, job
bers and manufacturers. An executive
committee was elected and the organiza
tion was further forwarded by the elec
tion of 11. D. Loveland as chairman and
"W. R. Wheeler as vice chairman by the
executive committee. The immediate pur
pope of the association is to oppose the
suit of the St. Louis jobbers before the In
terstate Commerce Commission to put into
offect ffraded rates and to make, other rul
ings which would seriously affect the busi
ness of the whole Pacific Coast.
The meeting was called to order by H.
1 1. Loveland, who nominated Charles llol
brook for chairman. The choice being rat-
Hied, Mr. Holbrook addressed those pres
ent at some length. Nearly every large
business house In the city was repre
sented.
H. D. Loveland said that the business
men of the coast must defeat the Eastern
men or be defeated in business. The
Eastern Jobbers sought to wipe out the
differential between the carload an I less
than carload; to grade rates from the At
lantic board to St. Louis; to do away
with Pacific Coast terminals. Graded
rates would mean that every point wtst
of New York to St. Louis should have
lower rates than New York on Pacific
Coast business. If it was proper to grade
to Pt. Louis it was proper also to grade
to Reno, Cruel and Benicia, and these
points would have lower rates than San
Francisco. The Interstate Commerce Com
mission was the court of last resort.
Grading rates would put the Atlantic
Coast at a disadvantage, for which reason
the Atlantic seaboard should make com
mon cause with the Pacific Coast This
was understood in the East, and com
munications had already been received
from Eastern commercial organizations.
Grading would limit the market in which
San Francisco could buy or sell. Mr.
Loveland also showed the disastrous ef
fect that abolishing Pacific Coast ter
minals would have.
W. R. Wheeler reported a plan of or
ganization which was adopted. This fixed
the name, provided for an executive com
mittee of nine to represent the principal
lines of business on the coast, five mem
bers to be a working body; Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Portland and Puget Sound
cities to appoint additional members; pro
viding also for committees from principal
lir.es to collect funds for expenses also
that the executive committee should ap
point officers. This was adopted.
Remarks were made by A. A. Watkins,
H. D. LOYELAND, Chairman.
Officers of the Pacific Coast Traffic Association Elected Yesterday.
jaoon i.cvi, waKeneia uaicer, Jsidor Ja
cobs and Charles Holbrook, the last
named estimating that $20. 000 should be
collected at once for expenses.
The executive committee Is as follows:
H. D. Loveland, general representative of
the Associated Grocers; C. L. Bonestell
(Bonestell & Co.), paper; F. W. Van Sick
len (Dodge, Sweeney & Co.), provision
trade; C. R. Haven (Murphy, Grant &
Co.), dry goods; L. Guggenheim (Mack
& Co.), paints and drugs; B. R.
Lilienth (Llllenthal & Co.), wines
and liquors; A. 1.. Bryan of the
A. 1., Bryan Shoe Company, boot? and
shoes; Wakefield Baker (Baker & Hamil
ton), agricultural implements and hard
ware; W. R. Wheeler (Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson), metals, -stoves and home fur
nishing goods. The following committee*
men were appointed by the representa
tives of the different lines to collect
funds: Groceries, H. D. Loveland; pro
visions. F. W. van Sicklen; hardware,
Leon Sloss; paper and stationery, James
I. Taylor; crockery. A. H. C. Dohrmann;
dry i! "i-, C. R. Haven, Lev! Strauss,
Lipman Sachs and B. B. Rothschilds;
drugs, L. Guggenheim, C. F. Michaels;
boots and shoes, A. L.. Bryan, M. I. Cahn
and L. Weil.
R. 11. Bennett acted as secretary of the
meeting.
Blanchard's Orchestra
At Kapp & Street's Taxnale Grotto. *
« ♦ «
BUILDING THE CORKSCREW
Reconstruction of Post Street From
Cable to Trolley to Eegin
Next Week.
The Market-street Railway Company is
fast pushing its corkscrew trolley line
Into practical Bhape. Ground was broken
yesterday on Sansome Btrc-et, north of
Jackson, over which the trolley line will
extend to the northern tenuous of that
thoroughfare.
Taylor street, from Market to Post, is
finished, as is Sixth street, from Market
to Kraniian, except at a few of the stret-t
crossings, which will be completed within
the next few (Jays. The cars on Post and
nworth streets will be withdrawn In
the early i a.rt of next week and the ro
grading and n-gauging of the cable track
will bi prepai itory to g< tting the
trolley iui^ Into service In connection
with "the other many feeders of the sin
uous combine north of Market street.
As soon as the Pest and Leavenworth
street line is finished the Howard •
uatk will be chang'-d from the ferry to
Ita terminus at. Potrero avenue and Twen
ty-sixth street. The company's construc
tor, H. Jl- Lynch, thinks the entire work
will be complei of the next six
months and thai cars will be running on
all new ami transformed lines l<y that
time.
next section to eomo in for an over
hauling will ho the steam dummy line on
California street, from Central avenue [*j
th<. cliff Hou.se This line will also \?
run by trolley service. The old dummy
road along California Btreet will be fol
lowed as far as Thirty-second avenue,
where tho new line will turn toward Point
I oboa avenue and along that roadway to
where the steam cars now stop. This
i ontemplated change of route will deprive
tin traveling public of that magnificent
view to I"' obtained In riding on the stvam
( .. irs w run orour.d Lands End
..■ rs B< a h -
Ducks.
The duck season is row at hand and Z«n
tand's has the best ducks in the market again.
us uauaJ
PRESENTATION
OF MEDALS IN
HOSPITAL WARDS
Decorations for Sick
Washington Men.
♦
A NEAT CROSS OF BRONZE
4
South Dakota Men Will Leave for
Home on Their Special Train
at Five O'Clock To-Mor
row Evening.
•
Governor Rogers and several members
of his staff, besides a number of ladies,
visited the general hospital yesterday In
search of any Washington men that
| might be there, so they might decorate
the sufferers with the State medal to be
presented to the men of the regiment
1 when it has returned.
There were seven Washington men In
the hospital— Nelson Churchill, John J
McNeill, Louis E. Brlttson and C.
H. Hovey of Company H, Robert
E. Bucklin of Company K and
Jesse Arnold and Robert T. Golden of
Company C. Golden was so ill with ty
phoid that no one but the Governor was
allowed to see him, but the others were
ail ready and anxious to see the delega
, tion, and in each ward where there was a
Washington man quite a levee was held.
Governor Rogers himself decorated each
! man, at the same time acknowledging
his service in the name of the State.
The medals are of bronze, In the form of
' a Maltese cross, in the center of which is
j a design of a soldier holding a flag, with
a fortified sea coast in the distance and
cannons and rifles in the foreground, On
the arms of the cross are the name of the
regiment and the dale of the war. The
medal is swung by a tricolored ribbon
from a bar formed by a spread eagle and
two flags bearing the words, ■•in recog
, nition of service in the Philippines." The
decoration is an exceedingly neat one.
The Governor and his party were taken
through the Hospital by Acting Assistant
Surgeon Bonar, who was officer of the I
: day.
Word has been received that Colonel I
Kessler, commanding the Montana Regi- \
mem, has been made a brigadier general. j
This will allow the promotion of Lieu* i
tenant Colonel B. 11. Cook, Major John i
R. Miller and Captain George W. Roil'.
The promotion of a, first lieutenant, a !
second lieutenant and a man from the j
ranks will be made fore the regiment ;
: goes out of service.
General Shatter has decided that the i
Thirty-first Regiment shall be released i
from quarantine next Monday, after all I
the baggage of the men and all their i
equipment nave been sterilized. By Mon
, day it will be two weeks since the last '
case of smallpox developed in the com-
I mand, and that time is ample for any
latent case to develop. The regiment will
not come back to this side of the bay,
but will leave its present camp to go on
board the transport. It is not known
what transport the regiment will sail on,
but i: is certain there wijl be no delay.
It i- probable the regiment will get away
■ the 10th inst.
The Twenty-eighth is scheduled to sail I
on the Hancock, which will u,<-i away
about the 15th mst.
nel Charles Greenleaf, medical in
p, is again preparing to Bail for
Honolulu, this time on the Hancock. He
has twice tried to ■>:•■'. awaj under orders
tn insp'"': the < - : '. i n i • -= al Camp McKinley.
in the Hawaiian Islands, but both times
the Increase of the smallpox here has
detained him. He expects t" depart this
timo without fail. Next Tuesday evening
ho will deliver a lecture before ilin County j
Medical Society on "The Sanitation of ■
the Military Camps at the Presidio."
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace Randolph,
Third Artillery, with one civilian em- i
ploye, has been ordered north to find and
purchase seventy-five suitable cavalry '
horses.
Lleuti nant < : Ernest A. Garling
ton, Inspector general, has been assigned
to temporary duty at department head
quarters.
Contracts were 'concluded yesterday for
the transportation of the members of the
South Dakota regiment to their homes.
They will leave to-morrow (Sunday) even
ing at •'' "''.-lock, and go by way of Tort-'
The three companies that were
raised in the Black Hills will I •• trans
ferred at Hillings to the Burlington rout"
for Deadw 1. The other nine companies
will proceed to Aberdeen, S. r>.. where
they will meet President McKinley on
0 tober 14 and be reviewed by him. The
State will give thorn a grand reception.
The regiment will be accompanied by j
three of the reception committee, who re
cently came from South Dakota and re-;
mained here until now. They arc O. M.
< tsbon, representative of th< Argus-Leader
at Sioux Kails; Frank A. Brown and M.
H. Kelly of Ab< rdeen, S. D.
Tickets may be obtained at !* o'clock to
morrow morning at the office of the
crn Pacific company, 038 Market
street.
Six hundred and thirty men will pro back
to their homos out of 1008 who originally
went to Manila. '>f these 27 were killed
in battle, 31 died of disease, 79 re-enlisted,
44 remained in Manila to jo in business,
five received commissions in other regi
ments, one died on the voyage and one
hero, 12."> came on the transports Relief
and Morgan City and the rest were dis- i
charged at various times.
A reception will be given to Oonrgo T.
Clancy, who was a member of the Hos
pital Corps of the First California Regi
ment, by his comrades of engine com
pany No. S3. The reception will be held
at Wolf's Hall, Ocean View.
POSITIONS FOR SOLDIERS
i Employment Committee Re
quests Public Co-operation.
The employment committee having in
: charge the placing of returned members j
of the First California Volunteers nx-t
y< sterday afternoon In the headquarters ■■
\ tent, with Rabbi Voorsanger in the chair.
The secretary reported that IST men had ;
been placed in positions through the cf-|
forts of the committee, and that at least
half of the regiment w<-nt hack to their
j old positions at the unsolicited instance of !
I their former employers.
Dr. Voorsanger announced that there !
are now 100 applicants for positions, in al- !
i most every vocation, and a spcr-:;ti appeal :
la made to employers who are in need f
help to communicate with the committ<'<-.
It is expected that this number will be
considerably Increased, and the commit
tee is anxious to provide positions imme- :
diately for deserving men. At one time
the number of applicants was as low v
fifty, but new applications keep coming j
in, and the earnest to-operation of thu !
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1899.
TO WELCOME FUNSTON
AND HIS GALLANT MEN
GOV. W. E. STANLEY, WHO IS NOW AWAITING HIS HEROES
GOVERNOR "W. E. STAXLFA' of
Kansas and a representative dele
gation of the citizens of his State
who have journeyed westward to
greet Funston and his returning hi
arrived at the Occidental Hotel last even-
Ing.
They came via the Santa. Fe, and as the
train was a little late the p.iMy at once
weni to dinner and afterward retired al
mi immi diately to their rooms to enjoy
a good rest and endeavor to recovei from
;.;uos of th. ir lout; trip by rail.
When seen for a few minutes in the lob.
by the Governor said that as yet nothing
definite had been determined upon regar
ing xi«- reception thai would be a.'
tlic troops after they have reached th. ir
: ative State.
The State has not appropriated ,i:iy
money for the free transportation of the
men to their homes, but will do so, and
S mta Fe has agreed to carry the regi
ment from tiiis city to Topeka and take
its chances of recovering the cost of
transportation from the people of Kansas
. future time.
At Topeka a monster reception ■will be
civen tht_- veterans who stand so hisrh in
W. R. WHEELER, Vice-Chairman.
public at lnrgp in securing work for the
gallant California boya is urgently de
sired.
MET THE EMERGENCY.
Washington Delegation Will Break-
fast Its Troops at Its Own
Expense.
At a mooting of the Washington dele
gation in the parlors of the Palace Hotel
held yesterday morning to provide for tho
-on of the returning volunteers the
lon of entertaining the men at break
fast came up for consideration.
as tne inrormatton was given out that
it would be Impossible for the citizens'
committee of this city to extend thai
courtesy to the men owing- to the lack of
funds consequent on the vast expi
Incurred through previous receptions the
delegation decided to go down into its
own pockets and feast the boys at its
own persona] expi
So the Washington volunteers the first
morning of their landing on shore will be
treated to an excellent breakfast In the,
nave of the ferry building as the guests
of the citizens of their own State.
■ ♦ »
Candidates, have your cloth banners and
all printing done by first hands. Sterett
Poster Printing Co.. 933 Market street. •
THE KENNEDY MURDER.
Preliminary Examination of Warren
Main Commenced Before Judge
Graham.
The preliminary examination of Warren
Main, charged with the murder of Wil
liam Kennedy, the "Spider," in Daniel
Rimlinger's saloon, 232 Third street, Sep
tember 22, was commenced before Judge
Graham yesterday. Attorney J. N. £3.
Wilson appeared for the defendant.
The witnesses examined were Hugh
Dougherty, day bartender In the saloon;
William Cornford, and police officers who
made the arrest, and their testimony was
the same as was given al the Coroner's
Inquest. The evidence of Dr. Zabala, the
autopsy physician, Is yet to be tak«-n and
the case for the pros. cut inn will then
dose, it is said that the defendant will
plead self-defense, as Kennedy had
threatened to kill him, and a number of
witnesses will be brought forward to sus
tain the plea.
NO MORE SUPPLIES.
County Hospital Contractors Serve
Notice on the Supervisors.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday heard further com
plaints from the contractors who have
been supplying the City and County Hop
pita! with provender, but nothing further
was done toward the payment of back
claims than at the meeting on Thursday,
when the committee announced that the
hospital authorities must keep their ex
penditures within $6833 per month or take
the consequences. The Del Monte Milling
Company, Mau, Sadler & Co., H. Lev! &
Co. and L. Paetek were all represented,
and for a time there was some warm
talk. Chairman Perrault. however, was
obdurate, and served notice on them all
that they would have t,o keep their bills
within the appropriation or close up shop.
The contractors filed official notice with
the board that they would furnish no
more supplies unless their claims were
paid.
the battle records of Luzon. The particu
lars of this reception have not yet been
fully worked out, but it is promised that It
will surpass anything that has ever be
fore been atempted in the State of Kan
sas.
As to Funston himself, the delegation
that arrived last night said that he can
have any political office he wishes that Is
in the gift of the people of his State.
With the Governor are Adjutant Gen
eral S. M. Fox and the following ladies
and gentlemen from the different counties
of the State, many of whom have relatives
among the returning veterans: F. C.
Montgomery and wife, State Treasurer
Frank E. Grimes, Charles L. Brown, W.
11. Sheldon, Captain J. D. Barker, Judge
A. W. Benson, E. F. Heisler of the Kan
sas City Sun, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Sehg,
Mrs. 11. J. Allen, Mrs. R. S. Parker and
Miss Kaufman. With the Governor came
his wife and little son.
On the way out the ladies of the party
occupied themselves in making five hun
dred artificial sunflowers, the symbol of
their State, with which they intend to
orate the boys as soon as they are
landed.
CHLOROFORMED AND
ROBBED BY A WOMAN
UNUSUALLY BOLD CRIME IN A
LODGING-HOUSE.
Edward Jones, a Carpenter, Falls a
Victim to a Female in Black
Whom He Had Picked
Up in the Street.
Edward Jones, a carpenter, living at
tlu <>;ikt- House, on Mission strpet. com
plained t > the police yesterday that he
had been chloroformed and robbed by a
w mm whom he met several nights ago.
According to his story he was walking
along Market street when ho was ac
: by a w> 11-dressed young woman
v ! . 1 professed to have been Introduced
to him. A fur a short conversation Jones
acc< ;>tt rl her Invitation to accompany her
tn her room in a lodging-house on Third
street. While there he claims he foil
asleep. During the night, he declares, she
placed a handkerchief saturated with
chloroform to his nostrils and although
he was conscious of what she was doing
he was powerless to stop her, as he w;\<
already partially under the effects of the
deadly ding. When he awakened, several
hours afterward, his purse, containing
H35, and a valuable watch were missing.
Jones Says he became deathly sick from
the effects of the chloroform and he was
forced to enlist the services of two
strangers to assist him in reaching- his
home.
11. describes the woman as being about
twenty-five years of age and modestly
dressed in black. He says he will be able
to identify her if pne is arrested.
MUST CEASE ITS GROANS.
Tuft's Conviction for Keeping a Loud
Lunged Organ Is Affirmed.
The strong-lunged organ in the place
occupied by Charles B. Tufts at Pine and
Kearny streets must cease its bellowing.
Tufts was arrested some time ago for al
lowing the machine to groan and whistle
throughout the hours of darkness, and
convicted In the Police Court of main
taining a public nuisance. Yesterday his
on appeal was taken up by Superior
Judges Lawlor, Dunne and Cook, sitting
in bank, and the judgment of the lower
court was affirmed. Tufts must in con
sequence pay the line imposed by the
lower court or suffer the consequences.
Customs Appointment.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
! pointed George T-tanks of Woodland as
customs inspector, class E. Mr. Banks'
name was taken from the eligible list.
1900 Ramblers $40— will arrive about November I.
H . OPEN EVENINGS. , iM
it
'H:> WHILE THEY LAST. t%
THOS. H. B.YARNEY, Market & 10th, S. F.
GENERAL MILES
IS A CANDIDATE
FOR PRESIDENT
Inception of His Boom
Announced.
LEADING MEN ARE SOUNDED
. »
COPIES OF PRESIDENTIAL CIR
CULAR RECEIVED HERE.
;■ . ♦
Sympathy of Veterans High in the
. Military Order of the
Loyal Legion Is
Solicited.
• —
Letters from the East written to an in
fluential citizen of San Francisco, and
private circulars recently sent out from '
Somerville, Mass., convinced leading poli
ticians here that Major General Nelson <
A. Miles, commanding the United State 3 :
army, is In the field as a candidate for j
Presidential nomination. General Miles Is j
a Republican,' and was proposed for the ;
Presidency at the Minneapolis National ;
Convention.
During the past ten days prominent
bankers, public men and officers |
high in the council of the Military Order i
of the Loyal Legion have been sounded to i
ascertain their attitude toward General '
Miles. Following is the text of a circular i
recently received by a well-known resi
dent of San Francisco:
SOMERVTLLE, Mass., Sept. IS, 1599.
Dear Sir: A call will soon be issued for a j
meeting of representative citizens from all parts j
of the Union relative to placing In the field i
as a candidate for the Presidency Major Gen- '
eral Nelson A. Miles. j
This meeting will also elect a national com
mittee which shall prepare and carry forward i
the campaign in 1900. Hoping that you are in i
sympathy with the above and trusting for i
your hearty co-operation in the same, we have
the honor to be, very truly yours, for the
temporary committee,
LEVI F. COOK, Chairman.
The impression obtains here that Cook,
whose signature is attached to the fore
going circular, procured from General
Miles a list of men in tills city to whom |
the communication should be addressed.
SOME LOVERS, A BOAT,
SOLDIERS AND TROUBLE
What Happened to Jones When He
Tried to Further the Plans of an
Unmilitary Cupid.
To go a-woolng and end up by getting:
half drowned and being shot at by an
unsympathetic private In the army is
rough, Indeed. But when the wooing is
a sort of Miles Standish affair and pome
cmi' else is to profit by your devotion then
the unpleasantness becomes akin to pain, j
None know this better than Clarence
H. Jones, an enterprising theatrical man
from Portland, Or., who has only been in
the city a short time. According to the
story of .Mr. Jones, told at the Palace
Hotel, he and another gentleman under
took yesterday afternoon to convey the
solace of affection to two imprisoned of
ficers of the Thirty-first Regiment, at
present quarantined at Angel Island.
This solace was represented by two love
ly young ladies, the sweethearts of the
quarantined officers.
Everything had been so nicely arranged
by letter that there seemed to be no pos
sibility Of a Slip. Jones and the precious
freight he was conveying were to go from
this city to Tiburon, where tht y were to
get a boat and row over to the
island. The officers had subsidized an im
pecunious private in keep watch and no
tify them of the arrival of the boat,
which they were to meet at a certain
place.
Jones and his friend carried out their
part of the campaign to the letter and
all went well until the watching private
gave tlie Mpnal of the boat's approach.
This signal not only aroused the ex
pectant 'iftieers, hut alarmed the guard.
who arrived on the scene just in time to
see the boat within the quarantine line
and the two officers waiting on tne shore
to meet it.
The officers were at once ordered to
their quarters under arrest and the oc
cupants of the boat were directed to land
and bo chained up also.
This they were more than willing to do,
as the plug: in the bottom of the boat had
come out and the ladies were sitting in
water up to their knees with a fair pros
pect of the boat Binking.
Before they had proceeded many yards
landward Jones found the plug and," put
tin? it in the hole, directed his companion
to pull for the Tiburon shore while he
bailed out.
As soon as the soldiers on the beach no
ticed the boat change direction they called
upon its occupants to retrace their course
or be shot. The ladies pleaded for Jones
to keep on and get them out of the
scrape, which hr — gallant fellow that he
is— did. nor was his speed toward the
Tiburon shore lessened by three bullets
which the minions of Uncle Sam sent
whistling over the boat.
However, the bullets went wide of their
mark, and the whole party escaped to
Belvedere and thence to the city.
Jones, in summing up the engagement
last night, reported the following losses
in his command: Two ruined pair of
trousers, two pair damp silk stockings, a
number of skirts stained by sea water.
silk and otherwise, two pair blistered
hands, one female lying In apartments of
the Palace Hotel on the verge of nervous
prostration. It is said that the tears that
were shed caused an unusually high tide
on the Marin County shore.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Mark Powzer, farmer, linden, San
Joaquln County. $30-40 60; assets JIIRS.
William S. Pires, Centenrllle, Alameda
County, $359 52; no assets.
Hales.
hosiery by the dozen
where floods the Nile,
where Ramases was king,
where nods the sphinx,
there 'grows "maco" cot-
ton— "maco" is the general
name for Egyptian cotton, a
soft, silky fiber used to
make the best cotton hose ;
it is superior in finish and
wear to any.
ladies' "maco" cotton hose, Ixmis
Hermsdorf black, good heavy weight,
full length, full finished and very
elastic, extra double heels, toes and
soles; either plain hem, drop stitch
hem or pearl ribbed top; sizes 8% to
10 25c a pair
92.75 a dozen
boys' "maco" cotton hose, extra
heavy, hard twisted, 3-thread yam:
double knees, heels and toes; sizes 7
to 10; Hale's "leader" for boys
25c a pair
92.75 a dozen
girl's "maco" cotton hose, very fine
rib and smooth lisle finish, deep
glossy black, improved round heel;
sizes 6to !i' ■■: Hale's "leader" for girls
25c a pair
92.75 a dozen
capes and cloaks
36 children's golf capes, ages 6 to
14, assorted colors, with hood: well
tailored 9" each
24 ladies' golf capes, assorted col-
ors in plaids and plain, with hoods;
fringe trimmed, high rolling collar;
94.50 each
21 children's cloaks, 2 to S years,
fine quality flannel, with large cape,
edged with black thibet fur and fine-
ly braided: lined all through: come
in red and blue 94 each
24 fine quality black serge separate
skirts, nicely braided, well tailored
and percaline lined; velvetine bound;
regular price $6 94. 50 each
36 colored and black satin waists
just received; finely corded fronts
and tucked backs, with tight fitted
waist linings; dress sleeves with flare
cuffs 9*> each
veilings
our fall importations go right
through the line, from plain nets to
fancy dots; a greater variety than
any previous season.
black Russian and Tuxedo net, with
chenille dots
75c. 50c, 35c and 25c a yard
pattern veils, with borders
7.">i\ ."Oc and Hoc each
NEW SENSATION IN THE
HITE DIVORCE CASE
WITNESS WRIGHT APPEARS IN
AN UNENVIABLE ROLE.
"Indian Lucy's" Neighbors Testify-
That They Knew Her Only
as "Hite's Wife."
The story of the early life of Lucy Hite,
the Indian woman who is trying to estab
lish the claim that she is the wife of
John It. i lite, the Marlposa miner, was
retold yesti rday hefore Judge J. P. Jones
of Mariposa County, who has moved his
(mum to this city for the accommodation
of some of the witnesses. During the
day's proceedings James Wright, who
claims to be a collector In the employ of
the estate <>f Mark Strouse, surprised the
attorneys for the plaintiff by refusing to
repeal on the witness stand statements
he had made to them during the early
of the case. He was charged with
having -sold himself to both sides of the
cause. Attorney Foote, for the defend
ant, grilled him, insinuating that he w ;s
an opium liend and several other things
that were not complimentary.
Wright was the bellboy at the Hotel j
El < lapitan, Mariposa, from 1873 to 1880. |
When the Hite case first attracted his '■
attention he went to Attorney Van K.
Paterson, who wus representing the
dusky plaintiff, and told In detail how
Hite and the woman had gone to the ho
tel during his connection with tne hos
telry and that Hite had registered her
as his wife. The incident had left a vivid
Impression on his mind from the act that
it was such an unusual thing for a white
man to be married to an Indian. '1 he
hotel has been closed for many years,
but Wrignt told Mr. l'aterson where the
dust-covered registers could be found in
one of the rooms and indicated in which I
book the entry of "John R. Hite and !
wife" could be found. The attorneys
found Wright's story to be substantially
correct and expected when he was called
yesterday that he would repeat his for
mer story. But he did not. He stated in
reply to the attorneys' direct questions
that the register story waa based only on
his impressions; that he had no scruples
about telling the original yarn to Mr.
Paterson for ttu- reason thai he was not
then on the witness stand and was not
making a statement under oath.
Attorney Hanldn forced an admission
from \V light that he had discussed the!
case with Sherman Reynolds, wfco is ac
cused of having erased the names from
the register and who admits having re
ceived money from both sides of the case.
Indian Lucy, as the plaintiff in the case
is known in Mariposa, was the star at
traction in the morning. She had a happy
faculty of misunderstanding nearly every
question put to her by Attorney Foote,
but was remarkably ready with her an
swers to her own attorney, Mr. Ilanlon.
She said that Mr. Foote's manner made
her wild and the attorney could not re-
Bist asking her if at that particular
time she was wild or tame and that if
It was not a fact that she understood
Mr. Hanlon so readily because he was a
"big medicine man."
Lucy is not a beauty. She has a com
plexion like a rusty horseshoe and there
is not a characteristic feature about her
to lead one to believe that in her younger
day* she was a belle of the Mariposa
country. She described how she and Hite
had been married according to the In
dian customs by Hite taking her on his
knee and saying in her native tongue "I
marry you." She denied that she had
ever been In love with Sam Westphal or
had call<vl him "her boy" or had told
Perry Holland that Sam was "the father
of her child." She also denied that she
had been the wife of "Yankee Jim." an
other prominent man of Mariposa in tne
days when Lucy was a belle. She was
equally emphatic in branding as a "false
hood" that she had lived with Mr. Gibbs
as his wife. Numerous affidavits were
read from those who knew the plaintiff
only as "Hite's wife." and their tenor
indicated that the ways of the iariposa
women in discussing the affairs of their
neighbors are not diff"rent from those
of other sections of the country.
One woman, who claimed that Hite had
robbed her of a mine, thought he was a
real funny man because he went to San
Francisco and bought silk dresses for
Lucy "to deck her out like a lady."
The trial will be continued next Tues
dey morning and the attorneys txpect to
finish the testimony by Wednesday,
DR. SHANNON EXAMINED.
Appeared Before Judge Coffey in Re-
lation to the Wickes Estate.
Dr. Jamps M. Shannon was beforo Jtidg-p
Coffey yesterday to submit to oxamination
repariiingr the manner in which he ob
tained deeds of Rift from Mrs. Alfred M.
Wickes, who died in Fabiola Hospital in
October last. The property in question Is
valued at about $16,000, and was given to
the physician, who attended her during
her last illness, without consideration.
Attorneys for Mrs. Wickes' estate claim
Hales.
black self and chenille dotted veil-
ings, with heavy embroidered border;
18 inches wide •••
75c, «sc, 50c and 4Oc a yard
kid gloves
just in by express, a fresh lot; all
the new colors for fall wear.
ladies' 2-clasp real French kid suede
pique gloves, in latest mode shadings
.' #1.50 a pair
ladies' 2-clasp real mocha gloves,
with stitched backs; in black, red,
blue, green, tan, grays and mode....
91 a pair
ladies' 2-clasp pique walking gloves,
! in tans, browns, navy, green, red and
i black 91 a pair
all fitted and guaranteed; cleaned
and kept in repair free.
bed furnishings
white crochet bedspreads, hemmed
I ready for use; heavy quality, 72x85
I inches, value 90c 75c
2 cases sheeting, bleached, 81 inches
wide, for double bed size; good qual-
ity 17c a yard
15- dozen comforters, figured silko-
line covered, white cotton filled, wool
knotted, double bed size ...98c each
lace curtains
300 pairs lace curtains, 3*4 yards
long, 45 inches wide, white and ecru;
i overlock corded edge 91 a pair
flannelettes
100 pieces flannelettes, in light col-
I ors, stripes and "checks in pink and
blue; 27 inches wide. ..4 l-2c a yard
cotton batting
10 bales cotton batting, in half-
i pound rolls; nice white cotton
I 5c a roll
* --Tftt«»«>««,,,
\\ free to-day t
I embroidery lessons In ladies' t
;<> parlor, 9 to 12, last day of Mr. I
|| McCuin's engagement I
[[ handkerchiefs perfumed free to- ♦
t day with Hudnut's perfumes. *
»»»••»»»»»».»»».»_.»■»,,, ««,»
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945,' 947
Market Street.
that she was mentally unbalanced when
she made the deeds. Dr. Shannon ac
knowledged yesterday that there was no
special consideration ror the deeds in
J!^ Lion, and L hat Mrs. Wickes had sim"
ply said that she wanted him to have the
property and gave him the necessary con-
F e J|f° c - £ case wl » be resume,! next
lnda> 'u a \ the opposing attorneys say
hey will show that the deceased was
completely under the physician's control
and that he induced her while she was ill
and mentally incompetent to make the
deeds in question.
Surrendered Himself.
Bert A. Herrlngton, ex-District Attor
ney nf Santa Clara County, charged with
perjury on the complaint of D. H. Bryant
of the taxpayers' committee of San Jose
in connection with Ruby Raymonds
l ..mis. surrendered himself to the police
yesterday. He was accompanied bj
Sheriff Bollinger and School Trustee
Wemple of San Joso, who qualified on his
honds, which were accepted by Judpe
Graham. He was booked at the City
Prison and at once released. He claims
that the action of Bryant is the result of
"spite work" on the part of his political
enemies, and that Bryant is a tool in their
hands.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Saturday's Specials!
GRANULATED best cane SUGAR,
20 lbs $1.00
Guaranteed Best Western Refinery Co.
We handle no China or Beet Sugar.
GOOD CAL EGGS 25c
Regular 30c dozen.
PETALUMA I££S* EGGS 30c
Regular 40c dozen.
BEST e H^ b m °e' d ; 8UTTER..... 45c
Regular 55c square.
GHIRARDELLI'S B KS" COCOA 20c
Regular 25c can.
BROMANGELON (Dessert Jelly) 10c
Host delicious, regular 15c.
EASTERN Sugar-Cured HAMS-. I3Jc
Regular 15c lb.
NEW ££& PRUNES, 5 1b5... 25c
GENUINE F c~- t c ,s SOAP, 3 1b5.. 25c
Regular 30c.
Country orders filled and shipped free of
j charge 100 miles. Send for October catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
Crockery.
Great Left Over Salp
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere.
ioo Stores.
ELECTRIC BELTS
/^BaPPWtyij JJffiwWiaL. Juices from $3 so to
IS? /V 1 V^-^W/raa ? 25 - Largest manu-
W^.l. /^l!iraa facturers in the UnL
tP<l States. No Quacks
;^flM!Wf7j4liS*|er. connected' with this
V^L C7 1 Kor particulars
cn\l or send 2c In
l\ stamps for "Booklet
__„„ • No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Si
' Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.