VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 36.
ONCE MORE ORDER REIGNS
IN BRUSSELS.
BELGIAN DEPUTIES GET TO WORK
Palace of the People, Brussels, in Which the Chamber of Deputies
Meets.
BRUSSELS, July 5. — The Chamber of Deputies peacefully resumed the transaction of public
business to-day and order throughout the city is restored.
MANY LIVES
LOST IN THE
TEXAS FLOODS
Scores of Colored People Are
Known to Have —
Perished.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
+ 4- + + 4. 4- + ♦;♦:+ 4- + + +' + ♦.
♦ ♦
♦ CHICAGO, July 5.— A special ->■ i
4- to the Tribune from Fort Worth, ♦ |
♦ Tex., says: To-night a telephone *♦*
♦ message from Deputy Sheriff 4
-4 Swerengin of Calvert says that *♦•
♦ fully 200 lives have been lost by 4
♦ flood within a radius of thirty 4- i
♦ miles of Sealey. Last night and -♦* !
♦ to-day nearly 100 were drowned + i
•*>■ in the vicinity of The Mound, a *t*
♦ small piece of high land near Old *f
4- San Felipe, to which hundreds of +
4- negroes fieri from the Brazos bot- *♦•
■**> terns, taking their horses and ■*■ •
-♦* cattle. The waters have gradu- ♦
4- ally encroached upon them, until *♦*
*♦• only about an acre of space re- ■*• j
♦ mains, and this the water will +
■♦■ probably sweep before morning. -♦■ ;
-*»• There 300 negroes are huddled to- 4
-- night, with death staring them ■*■
4- in the face. Drowning is almost •♦* j
4- sure, while starvation is certain. 4
**>• The nearest point of land is three ♦ '
4- miles away. , 4
♦ -t
+ + + 4- + +■ a + *■ + 4- 4* 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- + \
AUSTIN, Tex.. July The great !
flood in Central Texas subsided several
feet during the aS twenty-four hours.
In South Texas the water is believed to :
have reached its greatest height,
and will begin to recede within the j
next few hours. The devastation, in
Waller, Washington. Fort Bend,
Grimes and other counties along the ;
lower courses of the Brazos River and i
the Colorado River is much greater j
than indicated by the earlier reports.
The destitution of the people is criti
cal and appeals for aid in the way of
clothing and food#reached here from
several points to-day. The larger
Texas cities are responding generously
to these calls for assistance, and the
necessities asked for will be sent to the
suffering people as soon as transporta
tion facilities can be secured. In the
remote county districts of the bottoms
of the Brazos, where are numer
ous small settlements of from fifty to
a hundred Inhabitants each, these small
clusters of houses were occupied almost
exclusively by negroes, and it is feared
that they were swept away by the flood
and many of them drowned.
Additional authentic reports of cases
of drowning at many points in the in
undated region were received here to
day. The information gives the follow
ing conservative estimate of the num
ber of persons known to have been
drowned: Waller County, 17; Grimes
County, 3; Austin County, 2; Brazos
County, 7; Robertson County, 42; Bell
County, 1, Washington County, 4; Ma
tagorda County, 3; Burleson County, 6;
Fort Bend County, 1, and Brazoria
County, 3. Total loss of lives, 89.
Nearly all of the persons known, to
have been drowned are negroes. In a
number of instances negro families who
were warned of the Impending rise re
fused to desert their cabins and con
tinued to occupy their humble homes
until swept away by the torrent. An
unconfirmed rumor that 125 negroes
had been drowned in Waller County
reached here this evening. It is thought
that the loss of life will exceed the
foregoing estimate when the real situ
ation is revealed after the water shall
have subsided. In all of the towns lo
cated near the flood rescuing parties
have been organized, and every nook
of the flooded region Is being searched
for refugees. At one point in Burleson
County a party of twenty-two people,
composed of four negro families, was
The San Francisco Call.
rescued. They were found In the
branches of trees, where they had been
for two days, without food or shelter.
The children, of whom there were a
large number, were in such feeble con
dition that they may not recover.
A telephone message was received
here this evening from Calvert stating
that the situation in that section is
much improved, and that there has
been great damage to property and
heavy loss of life in that immediate
vicinity. The town itself stood the flood
remarkably well. Many offers of as
sistance have been made to the people
of Calvert, but all have been declined
on the ground that there is greater dis
tress at other points, which should be
relieved. - - - - -
The water has been over the growing
cotton, corn and sugar cane so long
that it is now assured that the loss of
the crop is complete and that it will be
too late ln the season to replant. It will
be several months before the 2000 and
more county road bridges can be re
placed, owing to the fact that the State
Legislature, at its recent session,
passed a law requiring that all county
bridges must be constructed on con
tract and that the bids must be adver
tised for. There is no provision for
such emergency as the present. The
cost of the destroyed bridges ranges
from $500 to $16,000 each.
Communication was established be
tween this city and points in Fort Bend
County this evening and among the
first telegraphic messages was one to
Governor Sayers, as follows:
FT' LSI! EAR. Tex., July 5.— Governor
J. G. Sayers, Austin. Tex.: Thousands of
people are starving. Immediate aid is
wanted. S. M- Quantlebaum has been
appointed to receive and distribute dona
tions. W. L. NESBITT,
Secretary of Committee.
Fort Bend County is one of the rich
est agricultural counties in the State.
It is devoted to sugar cane cultivation.
Plantation buildings, sugar houses and
crops are totally destroyed. The town
of Fulshear 'has about 300 inhabitants.
It is located about fifteen miles from
the main channel of the Brazos River.
The stream covers a wide expanse of
country at that point.
AN APPEAL MADE
FOR GOVERNMENT AID
ST LOUIS, July 5.— special to the !
Republic from Austin, Tex., says: The
] following was received here to-night:
GALVESTON, Tex., July 5.— J. D. !
Sayers. Governor, Austin: My informa- j
tion this afternoon shows appalling con- |
j ditions from Hood, with continued rise i
j and spread of waters until probably 25,000 I
. square miles are under water south of j
Calvert. Relief should be sent Immediate
ly, and I fear on a more extensive scale
than private subscription, no matter how
] generous, can provide. Under the cir
| cumstances 1 deem it expedient to make j
the situation known to the Secretary of
| War and ask that relief boats now in
i Galveston be permitted to ascend the j
rivers, and at a point inaccessible to them
to use their launches and yawl boats, and
at the same time provide tor the distribu
tion of 10,000 rations. If you concur, I
have the honor to suggest
that you wire the Secretary of
; War accordingly Meantime Galves
i ton and doubtless other commit.*
will continue with the work of relief to
the full extent of their means. I await
your action and will join if desired in any
course you take. R. B. HAWLEY.
The following was immediately sent
in reply:
AUSTIN, Tex.. July 5.— R. R. Hawley.
Galveston: I have wired Secretary of War
as suggested. "Will be glad to have your
, co-operation. JOSEPH D. SAVERS.
Subsequently, the following was j
wired:
AUSTIN, Tex.. July The Secretary ,
of War, Washington: Please immediately
, order by wire boats at Galveston to
ascend rivers, using launches and yawls
to. rescue people from the waters which .
are widespread over the lands of the :
lower Brazos. Please also order com
manding officer at San Antonio to place
at my disposal for immediate distribution j
10,000 rations. Will recommend to Legis
lature to refund to United States its value
when it next meets, and do not doubt that
it will be probably done. Devastation
great; immense loss of life probable.
! Prompt action very important. Answer.
. JOSEPH D. SAVERS, Governor.
HUNDREDS OF NEGROES
THREATENED BY FLOODS
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— A special to the
Republic from Dallas, Tex., says: All
former flood disasters in Texas River
districts have been eclipsed by the ap
palling calamity now in the vicinity of
Sealey and Brookshire. ''- -■'./■
It is estimated that 200 lives have ;
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
ALL READY
TO DISPATCH
A BIG ARMY
British Officials Complete Ar
rangements/to Send Troops
to South Africa.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July s.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette this afternoon says the Secretary
of State for War, the Marquis of Lans
downe, in conjunction with the military
chiefs, has completed arrangements to
dispatch from 40,000 to 50.000 troops of
all arms to South Africa ln the event of
matters taking a turn for the worse.
It is added that all the necessary ar
rangements have been made there for
the distribution of the troops on their
arrival.
PRETORIA, July The special con
ference between President Kruger, the
members of the Cabinet, and Fischer, a
member of the Executive Council of the
Orange Free State, who was the bearer
of compromise suggestions from the
Free State in the matter of the dispute
between the Transvaal and Great Bri
tain, and Hoffmeyer, the Afrikander
leader, has been practically concluded.
It is believed that the franchise pro
posals have been accepted and may be
laid before the Volksraad to-morrow,
and that peace will be preserved.
CECIL RHODES WILL
NOW HOLD ALOOF
BERLIN. July The German Re
view prints a series of conversations of
Cecil Rhodes, in the course of which he
says that in the interest of his African
undertakings he has done all he could
to influence the British Government in
favor of the German. proposals on the
Samoan question. He declares his in
tention to hold entirely aloof from the
Transvaal controversy and to leave the
Government to have it out with Kruger
on their own responsibility. He re
pudiates the suggestions that he is In
favor of using force toward the Trans
vaal, saying: "I once made that mis
take, and it was enough for me."
PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD
ENTERS A RATE WAR
SEATTLE, July 5.-The Presbyterian
Synod of the State of Washington has
entered the Alaska transportation field,
and is about to precipitate a novel rate
war. The synod has chartered the steam
er City of Seattle for a trip to Alaska.
It is the Intention to hold the business
sessions of the synod aboard, thus com
bining business with pleasure. For the
purpose of defraying the expenses of the
charter it Is proposed to carry outside
passengers for a less rate than that
charged by the companies belong to the
Alaska Steamship Companies' Associa
tion. Freight will be carried at the reg
ular rates.
BOUGHT BY J. B. HAGGIN.
Silk Exchange Building in New York
Sold for $850,000.
NEW YORK, July s.— John T. Williams
has completed the sale of the Silk Ex
change building, at the southwest corner
of Broadway and Broome street. The
building is a twelve-story stone mercan
tile structure, fronting twenty-eight tt-et
i on Broadway, running through 200 feet to
1 Mercer street, with a frontage of 27:10
feet on that street. J. B. Haggin, a
! wealthy Western investor, who .is largely
interested in the recent Anaconda mining
i deal, is the buyer. Mr. Haggin is also
known as an extensive horse owner. He
i pays Mr. Williams J550.000 for the Broad-
I way building. ____ "
Maimed by a Bomb Explosion.
SANTA BARBARA, July The explo
■ sion of a Chinese bomb, which was thrown
by a small boy, seriously injured Miss
! Summers of this city. It maimed her foot
i so badly that she may be permanently
1 crippled.
COMING OF
CALIFORNIA
REGIMENT
Will Probably Sail Direct
From Negros for San
Francisco.
increase!- troops
— a —
Appointment of Major Rice to Be a
Colonel Inaugurates Organiza
tion of Provisional Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, July 5. — General Corbiu
said this afternoon that the Califor
nia regiment would probably sail di
rect from Negros to San Francisco
and not touch at Manila-
The appointment of Major Edwin
Rice, Third United States Infantry, to
be colonel of the Twenty-sixth Infan
try, United States Volunteers, an
nounced to-day, inaugurated the organ
ization of the provisional army author
ized by the last Congress. Colonel Rice
is the first of the ten colonels who will
be appointed within the next few days
to command the ten volunteer regi
ments, which are to be designated ln
orders to be issued from the War De
partment to-morrow respectively, as
the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh,
Twenty-eighth. Twenty-ninth. Thirti-
eth, Thirty-first. Thirty-second, Thirty
third, Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth
Regiments of United States Volunteers.
This designation has been agreed up
on in order to maintain the continuity
of the present organization of the in
fantry of the army, which embraces
twenty-five regiments. Two other regi
ments, to be organized in the Philip
pines, will be known as the Thirty
sixth and Thirty-seventh Regiments of
United States Volunteers.
The provisional army as contemplated
by these orders will thus comprise
twelve regiments, and will add 15.663
officers and m^i to the present force
of General Otis. I learn to-day that it
is the intention of General Otis to en
list a number of friendly natives to
complete the two regiments in the Phil
ippines. As previously stated, the com
manding officers of all the new regi
ments will be selected rom the regu
lar army. Among them, ln addition to
Colonel Rice, will be Major James S.
Pettit, First Infantry; Major James M.
Bell, First Cavalry; Major W. M. A.
Kobbe, Third Artillery; Captain J. F.
Bell, Seventh Cavalry.
The two last named officers are now
ln the Philippines, and it is understood
they will command the two regiments
being organized there. With the ex
ception of a brigadier general, who
may be appointed later on, the twelve
colonels to be selected for the twelve
regiments are the highest ranking offi
cers to be appointed ln connection with
the provisional army, and the Presi
dent is giving a great deal of care to
their selection. The one brigadier gen
eralship will, I am told, go to either
Colonel Joseph B. Sanger of the In
spector General's Department of the
regular army, lately brigadier gen
eral of volunteers, or to Colonel Ed
ward B. Williston, Sixth Artillery, who
is now In the Philippines.
Under the law one major general has
been allowed for each 12,000 men and
one brigadier general for each 4000
men. When, the twelve additional reg
iments are fully recruited the total
strength of the army, regular and pro
visional, will be about 83,000 men.
There are now seven major generals
and twenty-three brigadier generals.
Three of the latter are to be mustered
out, leaving twenty brigadiers, or a
sufficient, number to command 80,000.
One extra brigadier general is. to be
appointed for the 3000 men which will
be enlisted above that number.
HOW KANSAS WILL
HONOR THE VOLUNTEERS
TOPEKA, Kans., July s.— The plans for
the reception of General Funston and the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment have been
altered somewhat on account of the de
cision to have the muster-out at San
Francisco instead of Topeka. The fact
also that over 300 sick soldiers of the
Twentieth Kansas are now en route home
while the main body of the regiment is
in the Philippines makes the proposed re
ception more difficult.
The present plans are to have General
Funston and- members of the Twentieth
Kansas become the guests of the State
immediately upon their arrival in San
Francisco. A special train will be ar
ranged for to haul the soldiers to Topeka
without expense to the soldiers. The com
mittee having the matter in charge esti
mates the expense atjf2s,ooo, which is pro
posed to be raised ny popular subscrip
tion. Governor Stanley will in a few days
issue a manifesto urging the people of the
State to contribute for this purpose. The
plans for the reception at Topeka have
not been very definitely decided upon, but
it is safe to say the reception will be quit,
an elaborate affair. It is proposed to
make the reception a feature of the Kan
sas festival, which is held In Topeka every
fall. There will be a "Funston day" and
a "Twentieth Kansas day," with exer
cises appropriate for each. Upon the first
mentioned day General Funston will be
presented with a gold sword costing. $1000,
contributions having already been made
by citizens of the State, :.:•.::.
VARIED VIEWS ON FOREIGN
RELATIONS AND EXPANSION
NEW YORK, July s.— ln to-morrow's ',
; issue of the Independent will appear va- j
j rious articles upon the foreign relations j
of the United States and expansion. Con- (
gressman Hltt, chairman of the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations, writes: -,%
'"There are 'some* who say the lust for
military glory has been the cause of the
downfall of all the republics of the past,
but that is not true: The past had few
1 or no true republics, certainly not any at '
all comparable with -the United States, a
republic organized on the "principles of
representative government by all. We are ,
making precedents. There seems to be a
freat war cloud -forming over China, and :
he forces mustering there are mighty
AUTOMOBILE TO DISPLACE
ALL STREET CARS
PROPHECY OF A JUDGE IN CHICAGO
WIN THE
RIGHT TO
THE ROAD
No Power in Park Commis
sion to Bar Motor Vehi
cles From Drives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 5.— Judge
Gibbons decided to-day
that the ordinance passed
by the South Park Commission
ers prohibiting the use of auto
mobile vehicles in the boulevards
and parks is void, .and that the
Commissioners have no author-
ity to pass such ordinances. The
court discharged Harry G. Os
born, engineer of the American
Electric Vehicle Company, who
was arrested under the ordinance
several weeks ago and who ap
plied to Judge Gibbons for re
lease on a habeas corpus writ.
The law gives the Park Com
missioners no right of appeal and
automobile men were satisfied
with the decision, so the deliver
ance of Judge Gibbons was ac
cepted to-day as settling the mat
ter finally.
Judge Gibbons said the Park
Commissioners have almost ple-
nary power over the parks, but
have no right to prohibit any ve
hicle used for recreation or pleas
ure so, long as it does not en
danger the safety of the public.
"It has no right," said he, "to
prohibit the automobile by name
any more than the bicycle or the
tricycle or the dogcart, but it has
the right and it is its imperative
duty to prohibit any vehicle,
whether bicycle, horse carriage
or automobile, within the parks
to run at a higher rate of speed
than four or five miles an hour.
"The board has the power to
set aside certain drives or places
where it may prohibit vehicles
from going, or may designate
what part of a boulevard be used
by bicycles, and may prohibit any
enough to produce a war of the greatest j
magnitude. But I see no reason that will ;
require us to join the conflict, if conflict j
there is to be. The only Interest we have ;
in the matter is a trade interest, and our
great epoch-making wars have never had
their origin in anything so sordid."
Senator John T. Morgan of Alabama
writes: _' ..
"Those who lament and decry the con
duct of our Government in dealing with
the Philippines as being violative of our
constitution are too late to accomplish
much else than to echo the pathetic ap
peals of Aguinaldo that we do not de
stroy our Government in order to save
the Filipinos from the fatal power of his
dictatorship. It is not far to go, nor is
the way obscure, to find in the constitu
tion of the United States express power
iriven to Congress to do what was done
in Louisiana and Hawaii, and what our
self-respect compels us to do in the Phil
ippine Islands. The flag we have planted
on the Philippines is consecrated to the
same liberties it shelters on the Capitol at
Washington." -,--,_ _
Ex-Senator George F. Edmunds, argu
ing against expansion, demands that the
Government disclose to the people pre
cisely what took place before the capture
of Manila; and what promises were made
the Filipinos. He asks if Spain had any
thing but a "pretended" sovereignty to
cede, and demands the reason for the sud
den turning of the Filipinos' friendship
Into hostllty. He concludes:
- "First let us know the whole truth of
what has happened, and then perhaps .the
advocates of glory of dominion or trade
of civilization and religion advanced by
the cannon and the bayonet and sup
MR. and MRS. JOHN D. DAVIS, and the
Automobile in Which They Will Cross the
Continent.
other kind of vehicle encroaching
on that territory. But where
there is but one north and south
boulevard the board has not the ;
power to prevent the fortunate
owner of an automobile using
the boulevard for his pleasure.
"The order in question is void
in singling out automobiles by.
name and placing them under the
ban of outlawry when as a matter.'
of common observation and sci
entific knowledge there is less
danger in propelling" an automo
bile than there is in driving a
horse and buggy.
'"The automobile has come to
remain with us and we welcome
it as a great improvement over,
horse cars and ordinary street
cars. The time is not far distant •
when no horse car, trolley car or
cable will be permitted to occupy
any of -our business streets. They ,
have served their' purpose. They j
should be either above or .below'
the surface of; our streets."
VANDERBILT JR. INJURED
WHILE AUTOMOBILING
NEWPORT, July Cottagers were
greatly alarmed this morning over a
report that William K. Vanderbilt Jr.
had been seriously injured Tuesday
night by being thrown from his auto
mobile. Fortunately the story was In
correct, though Mr. Vanderbilt had a
rough experience and very narrow es
ported by the blood and treasure of our
people, can point out to us how these
are "the ways of pleasantness and the
paths of peace.' "
DEATH OF TROOPS FROM
BULLETS AND DISEASE
WASHINGTON, July s— The War !
Department has received the following
from General Otis:
MANILA, July s.— Adjutant General.
Washington: The following deaths have
occurred since last weekly report:
Typhoid fever— June 26, Fred C. Fritzon.
Company E, Thirteenth Minnesota; June
28— Paul J. Rhode. Company K. Thir
teenth Minnesota; Arthur Troggatt. Com
pany H. Ninth Infantry; Herbert Streat
or. Company .C, Thirteenth Infantry.
June 29— Fred Prezykalla, corporal. Com
pany H, Ninth Infantry. July Paul
Push, Company L, Fifty-first lowa.
From wounds in action— June 25, Har
vey J. Lowe, Company A, Fourteenth In
fantry; June 29, William A. Lapp, Com
pany L, Twelfth Infantry.
Drowned accidentally June 22, Alfred H.
Koch, Company F. Twenty-first Infantry;
June 25, James Armstrong, Company L.
Ninth Infantry.
Tuberculosis— June 24. Thomas- Conners,
Company M, Twelfth Infantry.
Dysentery— June 22. John Holzman,
Company H. Seventeenth Infantry.
' Pneumonia— June .0, William Hussey,
Fifteenth Infantry. _
Variola— James Allen, Company G.
Third Artillery.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BICYCLISTS OF
CALIFORNIA ARE
NOW INTERESTED
O *3
?i . v
$ MARYSVILLE, July 5.— £3
2; . Great interest If being mani- &
O fested by the people of this sec- 88
•* tion in the Call-Herald's ocean 3
J5 -to ocean automobile tour. The *2
a bicycle riders of Yuba and Sut- S
g* ter counties in particular are q
£ taking a lively interest, and are 88
8 actively engaged in an effort to 3
2. organize a party of wheelmen <%
•8 to meet the automobilists at 88
g Auburn, from which point they £
3 will escort them to Sacramento. §
# > The people generally recognize it,
d that the Call-Herald's under- §
88 taking will do much toward the £>
§ • promotion of good roads, hence 28
pt the great interest manifested. &
*' 88
O?2OS8O??O?2«.8»8S«.*_2"O88*C^0-«C_8«
cape. After dinner at Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur T. Kemp's Tuesday evening
Mr. j Vanderbilt entertained a company
which was gathered on. the veranda
with some experiments with a leased
golf-brake automobile. Having backed
down a steep hill rather rapidly, he
was nearly in collision with Mr. Kemp,
who was also out with his automobile.
' To: prevent the two vehicles coming
together Vanderbilt, with his foot still
on' the reverse lever, gave the machine
a sudden and strong forward current,
and the result of the two conflicting
forces upon the motor was that the
automobile was thrown down hill end
over end.
Vanderbilt was thrown heavily to
the ground. Kemp and others picked
him up in a dazed condition and has
tened with him to Belvoir. Dr. Clem
ent Cleveland found no bones broken
and no internal injuries.
DEATH OF RICHARD STAHL
THE MUSICAL DIRECTOR
For Years the Leader of the Tiv»H
Orchestra. Before He Became
a Noted Song-Writer.
NEW YORK, July s.— Richard Stahl,
musical director of Daly's Theater, died
suddenly from heart disease to-night at
his home in this city. He became ill while
in Chicago with "The ''Runaway Girl"
company upon the receipt of the news of
Mr. Daly's death and was brought to this
city three weeks ago by members of the
company. His condition improved some
what during the last week. His family
had no fears for his recovery until to
night, when he suffered a relapse and ex
pired at S o'clock.
Mr. Stahl was for many years the musi
cal director at Hoyt's, now the Madison
square Theater, and he wrote the music
for Charles Hoyt's farce comedies.
About a year ago he went to Koster &
Bials, where he remained until this spring,
when he was engaged by Austin Daly to
conduct "The Runaway Girl." He accom
panied the piece when it went on the
tour.
As a composer Mr. Stahl's work was
chiefly confined to song writing. His most
pretentious work was the opera "Said
Pasha," which was highly successful. Ho
wrote "The Sea King." He was for years
leader of the Tivoli Orchestra in San
Francisco.2
LOCKED IN WITH
AN INSANE MAN
Reddiog Physician Spends Five
Hours of the Fourti) in a
Padded Cell.
REDDING, July 5.- John E. Stall, a brewery employe laboring un
der the hallucination that a fellow workman had killed him. was placed
in the calaboose and subsequently removed to the insane ward of the
County Jail.
At twenty minutes to 12 o'clock on the Fourth of July, Dr. F. Sta
bel was admitted to the patient's cell. He intended to stay but twenty
minutes, then take luncheon and see the sights of the celebration down
town.
"When the doctor emerged from the insane ward it was 4:30 o'clock.
The jailer had locked him in and forgotten him. Sheriff Behrens was a
very busy man yesterday. He was a member of the celebration com
mittee, and besides was grand marshal of th*- parade. Dr. Stabel's re
peated' rails and hammerings were of no more effect than the rriutter-
Ings of his companion, whose reason had temporarily fled. The Court
house was deserted.
At 4:30 o'clock the prisoners are fed, and at that hour the unfortu
nate physician was liberated.
Of the merry forty who were to dine together, the doctor was the
only missing member. Whither he had gone no one knew, and his con
tinued absence created some alarm.
There was a brilliant display of pyrotechnics when the insane cell
was unlocked and the wrathful prisoner allowed to step forth a free
man after five hours' confinement. .
BISHOP NEWMAN
CALLED TO BEST
Noted Divine Claimed
by Death.
— ♦ —
HIS WIDOW MAY FOLLOW
— » —
SORROWING WOMAN CRUSHED
BY BEREAVEMENT.
— »
As a Minister in the Methodist
Episcopal Church and Author,
Dr. Newman Leaves an'
Undying Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA. X. V., July s.— Bishop John
P. Newman of the Methodist Episcopal
Church of San Francisco died at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon. Bishop Newman
had been in failing health for a year past,
.but it was only a week ago that his con
dition illy alarmed his friends. Since
July 1 he had been -inking rapidly, and
this morning his physicians announced
that in all probability he would not sur
vive the day.
The immediate cause of death of
Bishop Newman was pneumonia and
myelitis. At .' o'clock this afternoon his
pulse was hardly perceptible. The physi
cians in attendance recognized tha*. the
end was near, and relatives and immedi
ate friends were summoned to the bed
side. - The bishop became conscio'-.
shortly before his death and recognized
his wife. Mrs. U. S. Grant. Mrs. F. D.
(Jraiit and others arrived on the sce„*V- a
moment or so later. Mrs. Newman is
almost crushed at her bereavement. In
asmuch as she is In comparatively feeble
heaith it is feared hat she will not long
survive her husband.
Telegrams and - cablegrams are being
"received from all quarters nigh! ex
pressing sympathy. A dispatch fern
Bishop Randolph Foster, at Roxbury,
-Mass., announces that he will reach Sara
tog to-morrow morning and complete ar
rangements for the funeral. It will take
place at the First Methodist Episcopal
Church, this city, Saturday afternoon.
Besides immediate relatives of the fam
ily; Mrs. U. S. Grant. Mrs. F. D. Giant
aiid other ladies are in constant attend
ance at the bishop's cottage, and will re
main theie until the funeral on Saturday
or probably "later.
John Philip Newman was born in New
York city September 1, 1826. He was edu
cated at Cazenovia Seminary. New York,
studied theology and became a minister
of the. Methodist Episcopal ■■Church in
1.49." He spent the years 1800-01 traveling
In Europe, Palestine and Egypt, and in
■university study abroad. After preaching
nt Hamilton and Albany, N. V., and New
York city he was sent in 1864 to New Or
leans to labor in behalf of the Methodist
Episcopal church in the South, He re
mained there five years and established
■three annual conferences, two colleges
land a: church, paper. He was called In
l*-63 t to Washington! D. ('... where he organ
ized and became tne pastor of the Metro
politan Memorial Methodist Church.
From 1869 till I*7! he. was chaplain of the
United States Senate. In the latter year
he was appointed inspector of United
States consuls In Asia, and during his ab
sence from this country he again visited
Palestine.
On ids return he was the second time
appointed to the Metropolitan church,
Washington, served three years and was
.then transferred to the Central church,
New York, where he remained three
years. In the winter of 1882 he accepted
a unanimous Invitation to Income pastor
<"f Madison-avenue Congregational Church,
New York city, where he served two
years, when he resigned. He then visited
California and. after ministering to Gen
eral Grant in his last illness, was a third
time appointed to the Metropolitan
church, Washington, where he served two
years.
Dr. Newman was three times elected to
the general conference of his denomina
tion, served as a commissioner In 1876 to
adjust the relations of the Methodist
church, North and South and in 1881 went
to England as a delegate to the Metho
dist Ecumenical Council.
In 18. lie delivered a discourse at the
funeral of General Grant, and In 387 one
at. that of General John A. Logan.
Dr. Newman while In California on the
occasion of the funeral of the son of the
late ex-Senator Stanford delivered the
celebrated funeral oration which will al
ways be considered a notable effort.
Dr. Newman was one of the most elo
quent pulpit orators of ids church and a
popular lecturer. He received the degree
of D.D. from the University of Rochester
N. V.. in 1863, and that of LL.D. from the
Grant Memorial University and Otter
bein University in 1881. In 1888 be was
elected bishop. He was the author of
"From Dan to Beersheba" (New York
1864), "Babylon and Nineveh" (1875)'
"Christianity Triumphant" (1884), "Even
ings With the Prophets on the Lost Km
pires" and "America for Americans"
< Washington, 1887) and "The Supremacy
Of Law" (1S90).
CHINESE PIRATES LOOT
A BRITISH STEAMER
Escape With Booty Valued at $7000,
but Later Get Into an Eng
lish Prison.
Pi rates on the West River boarded the
British steamer Wa On and secured booty
valued at $7000.
I The pirates sailed -on the Wa On from
Canton as passengers. Many of the other
travelers by the boat were women, who
had considerable money with them. .When
the Wa On reached the .Kumchuck rapids
a signal was given and the pirates
.warmed all over the boat. They were
all armed and resistance would have been
useless. One party took possession of the
main deck and the other of the upper
deck, and the captain was ordered to steer
in the direction of Kongmoon. On arriv
ing there the pirates found some of their
confederates awaiting them with a couple
of lighters and sampans," . The sampans
set out for the launch and the pirates got
into them and made off, having previously
told the captain he could go. The captain
made his way hack to Canton and report
ed the matter to the British authorities.
The gunboat Sandpiper was sent out,
and on arriving at the village where the
pirates landed the taotai was communi
cated with and given two hours to turn
over the robbers or the village would be
shelled. Before the expiration of the two
hours six men were put aboard the Sand
piper and were taken to Canton.
SUICIDE OF A MISSIONARY.
Miss Ida Williamson Swallows Poi
son at Chefoo.
The suicide of Miss Ida Williamson, a
young missionary, has created considera
ble excitement in Chefoo.
"She was one of the teachers of the
i China Inland Mission School," Bays the
| China Gazette, "and was found uncon
scious in her room some hours after her
■ day's work was done. In spite of all that
medical aid could do she died. A number
' of poisonous tablets were found in her
pocket, and an analysis of her stomach.
I showed that she must have swallowed a
j half-dozen of he deadly tablets.'.'
Miss Williamson was the daughter of a
j well-known member of the missionary
Body and was about 2*5 years of age.
HUNDREDS OF NEGROES
THREATENED BY FLOODS
Continued from Flirt Page.
been lost and the number may be much
larger. The property loss will reach so
far into the millions as to make the
Calvert . flood appear insignificant by
comparison.
To-night Deputy Sheriff Swearlngen
made this statement to the Republic
correspondent over the long-distance
telephone from Sealey:
"I am so dumfounded by the extent
of the disaster that I hardly know how
to talk about it. Fully twenty lives
were lost within a radius of twenty
five miles of Sealey last night, and to
day nearly 100 have been drowned in
the vicinity of what is locally known
as 'The Mound.'
"This is a small piece of high land
three mile- from Sealey, near Old San
Felipe. At first, when the flood rushed
down upon the negroes' cabins in the
bottoms of the Brazos three days ago,
th» alarmed population ran for this
piece of high land for safety, driving
their livestock with them.
"The rush of the waters was so sud
den that they could not get to Sealey or
San Felipe. Gradually the water rose
and encroached upon their place of
refuge until to-night not more than half
an acre of the ground is out of water,
' and that not more than one foot above
the raging torrent surrounding it for
miles. On this half acre mound are
huddled together to-night a raving,
surging, gesticulating, screaming and
praying assemblage of 300 negroes,
death staring them in the face in vari
ous forms.
"Drowning seems certain, but star
vation, exposure and exhaustion also
are doing fatal work. Crowded in
among these poor humans are cattle,
horses, hogs; mules and other domestic
animals, as frantic and uncontrollable
as the poor negroes. There is not a
cabin or other bit of shelter not so
much as a tree — on 'The Mound.' There
is not a mouthful of food to eat, clean
wat.r to drink or a spot where the
tired and weak and sick can rest.
"The nearest point of land is more
than three miles away, and no human
being can live in the raging torrents
who would try' to reach it. Many have
been drowned making the attempt.
"The wild, rushing waters are filled
with all kinds of floating bodies of
stock, outbuildings, fences, logs, trees,
lumber, farm implements, furniture,
merchandise and other material. Cling
ing to many of these objects are ne
groes doomed to almost certain death.
"I have given you the situation as it
exists in and about Sealey; it is equally
had at and around Brookshire, but I
can give no details, as we are cut off.
I know there are at least 400 negroes on
a small island three or four miles from
Brookshire in a condition similar to
that on 'The Mound.'
"From present indications the loss of
life is likely to reach 500, unless relief
comes promptly."
CONVICTS FEIGN INSANITY
Sack Release From Solitary Confine-
ment at San Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, July 5.—
For several days sensational reports
have been in circulation regarding the
behavior of the seven convicts recently
placed in the incorrigible cells. This
evening the rumors crystallized Into
definite statements from an authorita
tive source that Convict Jacob Oppen
heimer is trying the insanity dodge to
secure his release. This morning he
attempted to butt his brains out against
the Bides of his celL
"Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper has
given way to fits of despondency and
weeping and to-day sent a letter to
Warden Aguirre with the request that
he be given a Bible.
As soon as the guards on duty ob
served Oppenhelmer's attempt, or pre
tended attempt, at suicide, the warden
was notified, and hastily repairing to
th.- murderous prisoner's cell told him
that if he did not desist he would be
placed in a straight -Jacket and kept
there for a month. This threat had the
desired effect and Oppenheimer has
since remained quiet.
Cooper was not given a Bible, as the
rule under which convicts are confined
in the incorrigible cells permits them
neither to converse with those in the
adjoining apartments nor to have any
reading matter. i .
California's Immense Exhibit.
NEW YORK. July s.— Commissioner E.
\V. Runyon, president of the California
State Commission, was here to-day and
described In the New York papers the im
mense exhibit that California will have
at the Paris fair.
LATE SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCEJ
_ _ILED
Wednesday, July 5.
Stmr Weeott, Bui-tie, Eureka.
Stmr" Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORT. •
ROCKPORT— Arrived July Stmr Laguna,
ben cc July 4. -* .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
FLAG UNFURLED
ON A LOFTY PINE
Fourth of July Event in
a Sonoma Hamlet.
— » —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ONE of the most interesting Fourth of
July celebrations in the State was that
held at the little hamlet of Cozzens. ln
j Sonoma County. There was a large con
j course of people gathered from the vicin
i ity to witness the main feature of the
: celebration, which was the raising of a
] flagpole from the top of the only sugar
i pine in Sonoma County. The tree itself is
; 175 feet in height, while the pole from
j which Old Glory waves its folds Is twen
! ty-five feet higher. Standing, as the tree
: does, on an elevation, the flag is visible
: for many miles around.
'•WHAT WOULD JESUS DO?"
! IS THEIR PARTY PLATFORM
United Christians of America Will
Name a National Ticket for
the Campaign.
DES MOINES, lowa. July s.— The
United Christian Party of America, a
national political organization, was
convened here to-day. It will nomi
nate a full national ticket and make a
Presidential campaign in 1900 on a
platform of four words: "What would
Jesus do?"
"We can't go far wrong if we follow
that motto," said Chairman W. C.
Pidgeon of Richland to-day. "But a
somewhat more elaborate platform was
adopted as regards details. Direct
legislation, by the initiative and refer
endum, with an imperative mandate is
the method by which the party hopes
to reform the Government. The plat- j
form holds that governments derive j
their just powers from God through
Christ, and by consent of the governed.
A union of all Christians is asked, re
gardless of nationality, color, creed,
sect or previous politics."
A telegram was received by the con
vention to-day from the National Re
form Party, in session at Pittsburg,
asking the United Christian Party to
unite forces with it. Chairman Pidgeon
was instructed to carry on negotiations
looking to such amalgamation.
As a committee to organize the party
in other States the following were ap
pointed: W. R. Benkert of Davenport,
C. Z. Lindley of Hedrick and J. F. Jen
sen of Dorchester, Wis. A national
convention will be called to meet in
Chicago or Indianapolis this fall. The
prospects are that the convention will j
meet that of the National Reform i
Party in Chicago on December 28.
SAMOA'S NEW GOVERNMENT
1 Its Character Will Not Be Known
Until the Commission Arrives.
WASHINGTON, July s.— While It is be
lieved the commission nas agreed upon
the character of the permanent govern
ment to be established in Samoa, advices
which have been received here do not in
dicate what it is. and the authorities have
com* to the conclusion that they will not
be informed until the Badger arrives at
San Francisco with the commission on
I board.
Professors Going to China.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., July s.— Charles
E. Leavenworth will leave to-morrow for
San Francisco, from which place he will
sail on July 14 for Shanghai. He has just
been appointed professor of history In the
Nanyang College at Shanghai. He will
travel with Professor Stiles, formerly of
Columbia University, who is to take
charge of the department of economics in
the Shanghai University.
TRYING MOMENT
In Madrid When the Entire Popula
tion Was Terribly Excited.
A Sunday or two ago Madrid was con
vulsed with a question which outweighed
nil others. In the theater, in the cafes
and in the streets, there was but one sub
ject of conversation, and that was not
the cession of Cuba or the rebellion In
the Philippines, but a matter which
touched the Madrldenos nearer home, in
i the Calle-de-Sevilla especially on that
Sunday was news awaited with anxiety
! from the meeting which was being Held
;at the Hotel Anglais. At last, about JO
i o'clock in the evening, a man rushed into
; the street, gasping for breath, and only
i justable to utter the words, "He will cut
iit off'" The tension was relaxed, there
I was a general feeling of relief and the
glad news was passed fro.m mouth to
I mouth. "He will cut It off!"
In such times of political crisis the
stranger might have been pardoned if
I he imagined that it was somebody's head
i which was to be. cut off. but as a matter
i of fact he would have been too sweeping
I in his ideas. • The man in question was
j M. Felix Robert, a Frenchman, who pro
' posed to appear before the public at Ma
! drid as a toreador. So far so good; but in
the course of a banquet at Madrid he had
'■ announced that he thought of appearing
i in the ring In a manner not consistent
j with tradition. Hence all the heated ar
i guments which convulsed the City and de-
I prived it of appetite and sleep. The meet
ing at the Hotel Anglais brought about
a happy solution. M. Felix Robert, after
a long debate, decided to-cut off hi" mus
tache before appearing in the bull ring.
Tradition was kept unimpaired, and that
night Madrid went tranquil and contented
to bed.— London Correspondent New York
Mail and Express.' •
■ ♦ ■
■Mamma (sternly)— Don't you know that
the great King Solomon said "Spare the
rod' and spoil the child"?
Bobby— Yes: but he didn't say that un-
I til he was growed up. '-. . ,
MILWAUKEE FIRM
SECURES CONTRACT
Raymond Granite to Be Used in the
■>'• " ■■':'■'-■'■*
Construction of the New
Postoffice Building.
9 CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHING- Q
4- ton, July s. The Treasury Department lias awarded the contract for 4-
X furnishing the stonework on the San Francisco Postoffice building to the &
0 Benton Construction Company of Milwaukee. Their bid was $802,500, {*j
jr and the stone to be used is Raymond granite. ♦
i The commissioners appointed to go to the quarries and investigate ©
Q the stone, proposed in the several bids reported that they had reached the q
♦- conclusion that it was free from iron rust and was . the best possible 4-
O stone to stand the climate. K. E. Knowles of San Francisco was the O
*T nearest competitor, his bid being 5345,550, but with Delano granite. ♦
O-f ©♦©♦© + q4q + 0* ©♦©♦C-< ■- ♦ *3"* *>*r©+G ♦©♦©♦o 4 Q + ©♦©♦o+a
DAM BLOWN OUT
WITH DYNAMITE
— ♦
Result of a Quarrel of
Farm r-.
— —
MINORITY WINS A VICTORY
— ♦ - -
REMOVES AN OBSTRUCTION IN
WHITE RIVER.
Take Advantage of the Absence of an
Armed Guard. Who Had Gone
to a Fourth of July
Celebration. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, July s.— Fifty cases of dy
namite were exploded at noon yester
day in the bed of White River, on
Muckle Shoot reservation, where Stuck
River is formed. The concussion cre
ated a scene of havoc seen only where
a powder mill blows up or some awful
cyclone wrecks the country. The noise
could be heard twenty miles, and the
shock rocked farmers' houses far up
the valley, while trees were blown
down and tons of rocks thrown high into
the air, scattering down over a large
section inhabited only by wild animals.
As a result of the explosion the dam |
was washed out of White River and j
the water of that turbulent stream Is
seeking its natural outlet Instead of j
spreading over once valuable hop fields i
and meadow lands of Stuck Valley and
causing desolation and ruin to the once j
famous Stuck Valley farms.
That the battle goes not always to i
the strong White River farmers now !
realize. Two years ago they put a ;
charge of dynamite in the bluff at this
point and let 10,000 tons of gravel and
hardpan down Into the stream, almost
blocking it, and turning the main
stream into the Stuck, which was ;
transformed from a quiet creek to a
vast flood stream, bringing ruin, upon j
thousands of acres of fertile farms.
The matter was taken up by farmers
and by the County Commissioners, and
finally an Inspector from Washington
was sent out. ,He reported in favor of
the removal of the dam and the res
toration of the stream to its natural
channel, but the White River farmers
of King County, who outnumbered the
Stuck Valley farmers of Pierce County
three to one and had 40,000 acres of
land at stake against 6000 in Stuck Val
ley, took the case up and finally had it
dropped so far as the Government was
concerned.
This meant that the Stuck Valley
men must fold their hands and see
their farms laid waste or take the af
fair into their own hands. Several at
tempts were made to reconnoiter the
dam, but an armed guard was kept
posted on the bluff and no opportunity
was left for retaliation.
Their opportunity came yesterday,
when the guard was off duty attend
ing the Fourth of July celebration. Two
tons of dynamite previously procured
were hastily taken to the dam and
placed into position. At noon it was
fired with the result stated.
The Stuck Valley farmers to-day be
began reclaiming their farms, which
have been overflowed for two years.
M'COY AND FITZ TO
FIGHT IN SEPTEMBER
Meeting Between the Middle-Weight
Pugilists Now Practically-
Arranged.
NEW YORK, July 5.— A Sun cable
from London says: Brady, Jeffries' man
ager, has accepted Mitchell's terms to
fight Jeffries at the end of August.
The Sun's local article says: A meet
! ing of "Kid" McCoy and "Bob" Fitz
i Simmons has been practically arranged,
and according to present plans the men
are to fight before one of the local clubs
i some time in the latter part of Septem
; ber. McCoy, who is now in Denver, has
' called off all his other matches and says
' he will not do any fighting until he is
through with the ex-champion. McCoy
further says he will visit New York
within the next three weeks, ready to
sign articles. "./•-'
McCoy declares that he will agree to box
straight Queensberry rules with the ex
ception that the men must break clean
I at the order of the referee. It Is not very
likely that Fitzsimmons will consent to
• this." as he intends to hold out for a fight
under the rules without any stipulations.
The Coney Island Sporting Club, the
Westchester Athletic Club and the Lenox
■ Athletic Club will bid for the bout. It
was said to-day that as Fitzsimmons is
somewhat interested in the arena by the
sea the battle possibly would take 'place
there. It is also reported that the Coney
Island people are ready to offer a purse
'of $15,000. Fitzsimmons said to-day;
"I am rapidly getting into shape and
expect to be in good trim by September.
McCoy has for some time been anxious to
fight me. and 1 am ready now. 1 will fight
him at 158 pounds. Just as he says; and If
ii"' cares to, I will put up a personal side
wager." ' ■ ,
TWO STOCKTONIANS
CLAIM VAST ESTATES
I Both Seeking to Recover Land in the
Heart of the Quaker
City.
STOCKTON, July s.— Some time ago it
was announced that Stockton bad in
j Charles Ball a claimant to the great Ball
estate in Philadelphia, Virginia and South
Carolina , the whole aggregating many
1 millions of dollars, and which was re
! ported to have about , been won by the
heirs. The estate was said to be a grant
1 from the Crown to Joseph Ball, claim"'"!
- to have been distantly, related to George
j Washington. The property was leased
I near the close of the last century for
! ninety-nine years, and the lease having
lapsed, a large number of heirs pooled in-
I terests and set about to recover. Ball
j still has hopes, but no dollars or business
> blocks. He, however, gained considerable
i notoriety by claiming kinship to Wash
! ington, and to the great fortune.
Now Stockton has another alleged heir
1 to millions. It is C. M. Baker, a photog
rapher living at 1001 East Channel street,
■ According to the story of Baker, four
I brothers were born in Strasburg, Ger-
I many. 179 years ago. They emigrated to
I America and located on the present site
I of Fairmount Park in Philadelphia. Three
of the brothers died without children,lcav
, Ing a east Inheritance in the fourth, Peter
: r.aker. .if whom the Baker of this city is
j a direct descendant and a legal claimant
j to the' Immense estate. The Bakers were
! pioneer settlers of Montgomery County,
} Ohio, and large landholders, so Baker as-
I Berts. The proceedings to recover the
property have been commenced arid the
I photographer claims to be satisfied that
I in the end the heirs will win back their
j property from the .city of Philadelphia:
| GUARDED AGAINST CONTESTS
i Rancher's Will Makes Bequests for
Putative Widows or Children.
FRESNO. July s.— Mrs. M. 1.. Apple
j garth of Santa Clara County filed to-day
j for probate the will of John C. Dewey, a
i wealthy rancher of Riverdale. this coun
i ty, who died in May. Mr. Dewey left
property in Merced, Fresno, Mariposa.
Santa Clara and Tulare counties, and
farming land in Greeley County, Kansas
■In all valued at $20,000. After making be
quests among numerous relatives, the
will reads:
And to any lady, who may prove to the
sat .faction of the court before which this
; will Ip probated, that she was at the time of
my death my wife, $10.
And to any person who may prove that he or
Fhe Is my child. $10.
FAUST WITH
A HANDICAP
Ashton Stevens Dis
cusses the Unpleasant
and Pleasant Qualities
of a Performance by
tr)e Lan)bardis, Who,
by tfye Way, Are Going
to Move Agair).
cp*==s)EW peopl-; seem to know it,
p*-*-""-! but the Lambardls are still
singing at the Alhambra. No
_\ amount of Indifference on the
part of a music-loving public
seems to phase this industrious little
band of Italians. A small crowd of
their countrymen gathers in the gal
lery every night, a handful of regular
opera goers is scattered among the
seats downstairs, and the show goes
on. Every little while this restless but
persistent organization tires of the Al
hambra and moves down to the Cali
fornia, or it tires of the California and
moves up to the Alhambra. It's the
California's turn now and I am cred
itably informed that on next Monday
night Lambardl will pack up his scen
ery and effects and warblers and go
back to Bush street. How'd you like
to be the expressman?
They sang "Faust" last night with
some of the same goods and bads that
have been noticed in the earlier pro
ductions. The principals were fairly
satisfactory'; the chorus was as un
beautiful as ever, but in surer vocal
trim; the orchestra surpassed its worst
previous record — it was simply obscene.
For the first time I was conscious of
the fact that one musician in this -band
Is worse than his fellows. He plays the
first violin, and it is not for me to say
that Russo should have his life l only
suggest. This fiddler is to all musical
purposes tone-deaf. With satanic in
genlousness he succeeds in going
through the whole score about one
quarter of a tone beyond pitch. The
other bandsmen play out of tune with
bewildering recklessness, but this fel
low on the first violin seems to have a
system. He did things to Russo's "Salve
dimora" that no apology can wipe out.
While I am on the subject of the or
chestra, I would like to attract the at
tention of its director, the Cavalier Ugo
Barducco. By careful observation I
have discovered that the good Cavalier
does not lead at all, but Is led by his
musicians. With his right hand he
feebly wobbles a baton, with his left
he thumps chords on a dinky upright
pianoforte. It takes a pretty good
musical juggler to do these two things
at once, and I would suggest to the
Cavalier in the interest of your ears and
mine that he cut his left-hand piano
pounding. A perpetual piano in an or
chestra is a cheap effect at best.
This is not meant to be spiteful; _
had an excellent dinner, thank you, and
went to the Alhambra yearning to be
entertained and uplifted, but that or
chestra murdered the night. But for it
Travagllni would have been a remark
able Mephisto, Sostegni a fair Marguer
ite and Russo a good enough Faust.
One of the tests of Gounod's greatness
in this opera is that you can sit and
take it from ordinary singers. But
Travaglini's Mephisto was in no sense
ordinary, it was a big conception, full
of lithe Insinuation, acid humor and
arch subtleties. Vocally, too, it was
splendid; only once or twice in some
thing like a hundred performances of
"Faust" have I heard the drinking
song sung better. Sostegni's voice is a
bit feather-weight for the more dra
matic moments of Marguerite, but she
brings to the part a quality of ingenu
ousness that is very pat. Her "King of
Thule" legend I enjoyed Immensely,
principally because she sang it as it
should be sung, with the half voice, in
an abstracted sort of way; in fact, she
mused it, and* the effect was fine. The
jewel song, too, was well done, If in
deed nothing to speak of in point of
tone; but" the delight, the frank vanity
were brought out with a glrlishness
that you seldom find in the great vet
erans. Russo's Doctor Faustus was
hardly as tall as his fair victim, but
whatever was lacking in length was
made up in pride and erectness. A
very perky little Faust was Russo's.
His falsetto in the "Salve dimora"
wafted me unpleasant souvenirs of fe
male Impersonators, and I could not
fancy the way he took the legitimate
high notes between the teeth and wor
ried .them as a terrier does a rat, but
on the whole he served well.
A Berlin paper asserts that of twenty
seven royal families in Europe two-thirds
are of German extraction.
CENTRAL PACIFIC
TRAIN DERAILED
Disaster on the Nevada
Division.
— ♦ —
COACHES ARE OVERTURNED
— • —
CARS SHOOT OFF INTO THE
SAGEBRUSH.
Though Crowded With Fourth of
July- Parties, No One Is Killed
and but Two Persons
Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ELKO, Nev., July s.— lf there could
be such a thing as a fortunate dis
aster the wrecking of Central Pacific
passenger train No. 1, near here to-day,
was one. How such a disaster could
have occurred without loss of life is be
yond the ken of railroad men. Train
No. 1, east bound, in charge of Conduc
tor Middleton, and drawn by engine No.
1433, was bowling along at 8 o'clock this
morning at the. rate of forty miles an
hour, when the postal car jumped the
track and was followed by the baggage
car, the first-class day coach, the com
bination smoker, the second-class car
and three tourist cars. They bumped
along over the ties, smashing them Into
splinters for quite a distance. Then the
postal car, the baggage car and four
tourist cars tipped over on one side,
while the first and second-class coaches
remained upright in the sagebrush,
about forty feet from the track, and the
Pullman at the end of the train stood
with its front trucks off the rails. The
train was made up of the engine, a fruit
car, the postal car, a first-class coach,
a second-class coach, four tourist cars
and a Pullman.
That no one was killed is considered
! nothing short of a miracle. There
! .were quite a number of passengers —
I people returning to their homes from
< Fourth of July celebrations at different
points on the road. Mrs. C. Clawson
of Grass Valley and Mrs. M. S. An
drews of Coloma, both old ladies, were
the most seriously injured, but not fa
tally, sustaining severe scalp wounds.
Doctors left here immediately for the
scene of the . accident and wrecking
trains were telegraphed for. The
train's crew and passengers assisted
imprisoned passengers out of the over-
I turned cars and everything possible
was done to make all comfortable, es
j pecially the women and the elderly
I men, who were greatly undone by the
shock. Four hoboes were on the rear
trucks of the postal car and escaped
| without a scratch. Two Indians were
I riding in the head vestibule of the bag
gage car and escaped unhurt.
The passengers spent the day here,
the injured receiving medical attention,
and most of them left to-night on No.
3 eastbound for their respective desti
i nations. All the Injured are doing nice
ly. Mrs. Clawson, who received the se
verest injuries, will be taken to the
railroad hospital at Ogden for treat
.ment, and Mrs. M. S. Andrews will re
turn to her home at Coloma. The track
I was cleared late this afternoon and all
j trains are now moving.
DIES OF EXCITEMENT
DURING A CONFLAGRATION
Alarm for a Fire at Wild wood Glen
Sounds the Death Knell of a
Citizen.
SAUSALITO, July "Wild wood Glen,
the noted picnic and pleasure resort,
was totally destroyed by fire at 1
o'clock this morning. The bells that
rang the alarm sounded the death knell
of Granville W. Stewart, who perished
of heart failure during a moment of
excitement.
The flames were seen by Night
Watchman Trouette and Manuel Bet
tencourt at the same time, and both
ran to alarm the community by ringing
the church bells. The fire department
responded without loss of time, but the
distance to the scene and the scarcity
of water caused its presence to be un
availing and the large dancing pavilion,
the dining hall and all the outbuildings
were burned to the ground. The lose
will approximate $2500, insurance $1000.
Whether the fire owed Its origin to
the careless use of firecrackers or to an
incendiary is a moot question. Edward
Stahl, the proprietor of the resort, was
in San Francisco at the time the fire
occurred and did not learn of his loss
until he reached town to-day. *
When the alarm was sounded Gran
ville Washington Stewart, a member of
the Pacific Pine Lumber Company of
San Francisco and secretary of the
Sausalito Arbor Society, rushed to the
window of his dwelling, and, after gaz
ing for a minute at the flames, sank to
the floor. He was placed in bed by his
wife, who managed to get Dr. Mayes to
the house only a few minutes before
Stewart breathed his last. . •
Death was due to heart failure. Mr.
Stewart having suffered from heart j
disease for years. He was 47 years of |
age, and was a native of Racine. Wis.
While the water supply of Sausalito
is always poor in summer, its extreme ■
scarcity on this occasion was due to the \
act of a vandal, who broke the lock of j
the door leading Into the tunnel of the
Sausalito Land and Ferry Company j
yesterday and drilled holes in the !
mains. All the water In the reservol*r
was exhausted In this manner, which
leads many to believe that the fire was |
the work of an incendiary. This opin
ion is strengthened by the fact that
a week ago Stahl's watch dog was pois
oned. The water company will offer a \
reward for the detection of the mis
creant, but so far ne clew to his iden
tity has been discovered.
CURED IN 6 WEEKS!
:.^fe;i v Nothing Cures So Quickly
WV^i^Mf as Dr. McLaughlin's
MM<r^Hi 1 -^^^ Electric Belt,
''•"•''' Wonderful Improvements in a
y ff> ' Short Time,
IT CORES WHILE 1 IT VITALIZES THE .____.
YOU SLEEP. | WHOLE BODY. •-; ;--:■-'■
IT is not surprising that Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt gives relief in
a few days and cures the most aggravated cases in from one to three
months. Electricity, unlike drugs, can by this means be applied -to the
seat of disease, and it infuses health-giving strength direct to the place
desired, quickly restoring the organs to their normal vigor.
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: 1 have BOW used your Belt over 6 week-- and
find lt all you represented it to be. It has cured my weakness and I feel as fresh and
strong as ever. Yours truly, PHILIP J. DALY
SUISUN, 'June 28, 1599. . ! :%. •' . "
STOF> DRUGGING AND TRY IT.
Save your stomach and give Nature a chance. Give strength to all
your functions by saturating them with Electricity from this grand
Electric Belt. Book about it free. - : V ;
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, _*£$£_•'>■ i s*sSa Ui
Office Hours— -8 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES
CYCLONE LEAVES
A TRAIL OF RUIN
Nebraska Farms Laid
Waste.
— • —
ONE WOMAN LOSES HER LIFE
— ♦ —
CRUSHED UNDER THE DEBRIS
OF HER HOME.
♦ ■ -
People of Ainsworth Witness tha
Formation and the Progress of
the Funnel-Shaped
Cloud.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AINSWORTH, Neb., July 5.—
cyclone which seemed to have formed
fifteen miles northwest of this city
passed within two miles of Ainsworth
this afternoon, killing Mrs. William
1 Lockmiller, wife of a well-known farm
er, and doing great damage to prop
' erty. Houses, barns, fences and bridges
\ were demolished and many families are
.homeless. */"■
The progress of the funnel-shaped
cloud was easily observed from this
1 city It was first noticed at about 4
o'clock, when it was apparently headed
' directly for Ainsworth. The cloud
swerved, however, the storm center
j passing well to the north.
The cyclone's first destructive work
was on the farm of John Strohm, four
miles northwest of Ainsworth, where
the house and outbuildings were leveled
ito the ground. Fortunately, the family
i escaped to a cave and none were In-
I jured.
The place of William Lockmiller was
next visited. Mrs. Lockmiller had
sought refuge in the cellar, with her
'■ three small children. Her eldest son
did not recognize the danger and re-
I mained in the barn. The woman started
I to call him and had just left her shelter
! when the cyclone struck the house. Tha
building was torn from its foundations
j and the unfortunate woman was
\ crushed in the falling timbers. The chil
i dren were unharmed.
At the farm of Rev. T. W. Delong the
cloud descended upon the house, barns
' and outbuildings, sweeping them in a
I confused mass along the prairie. The
family took refuge in the cellar and no
j one was hurt.
; The farm buildings of Charles Trotter
and W. H. Hurring, about one mile
; apart, were utterly destroyed, portions
, of the structures baing carried by the
I wind for long distances, and, in several
j instances, timbers were driven deep
i into the ground..
COEDUCATION IN GERMANY.
Protest by University Students, and
Counter-Declaration by Faculty.
According to the British Medical Jour
nal clinical students of Halle University
have publicly protested against the admis
sion of women to the medical curriculum.
In a paper fixed on the university black
board they hotly oppose, not the study of
medicine by women, but the attendance of
women at clinical courses in common with
male students. They appeal to the clinical
students of Germany, who, they say,
either know by experience or can fully
imagine the awkward situations, outrag
ing all sense of decency, which necessarily
ensue from such study in common. "With
the female students." they say, "cynicism
has entered our university"— and they Im
peratively demand the exclusion of female
students from the men's clinical courses,
appealing to the medical students of all
German universities to join in the protest.
The Berlin medical students have not fol
lowed the lead of their Halle brethren.
They have refused to let the protest be
fastened on their university blackboard.
In Halle itself an authoritative counter
declaration has appeared, signed by the
dean of the medical faculty. Professor
Weber. The complaints of the students
have been carefully considered by the
medical professors, and have been found
to rest partly on misunderstandings, part
ly, however, on direct misrepresentation.
Through their dean the medical professors
solemnly declare that neither morality
nor the* scientific gravity of clinical in
struction has suffered in any way since
the -admission of female students, nor
have the tone and general deportment in
the clinics and lecture theaters changed
for the worse in any way. They declare
the students' accusations to be totally un
founded, and deplore the animosity shown
by them against the female students,
which these latter have done absolutely
nothing to deserve, and they would not
hesitate to proceed against the authors of
the protest if they were not convinced
that they had not realized the full mean
ing of the step they had taken. Finally,
the professors hope that peace will soon,
be restored and the good feeling between
professors and students henceforth remain
undisturbed.— Philadelphia Medical Jour
nal.
CARDINALS.
Pope Leo Has Seen 124 Die in His
Pontificate.
The Romans have a* popular tradition
which, curiously enough, is often con
firmed by facts, that when a member of
the Sacred College dies two of his col
leagues quickly follow him. At a few
days' distance two cardinals, Bausa,
Archbishop of Florence, and Krementz,
Archbishop of Cologne, have departed this
life, and now good Romans are quite in a
flutter of expectation, speculating with
cheerful resignation as to which Tor
porato will be the third.
Apropos of the death of cardinals, it is
a curious fact that the most likely can
didates to the tiara, such as the late
Monaco la Valletta. Galimbertl, Di Rende.
Sanfellce. appear to have been specially
singled out by death during the pontifi
cate of Leo XIII. no fewer than 124 cardi
nals having died during the twenty-one
years of his reign. Indeed only four of
the cardinals created by Pius IX survive,
and should they cede the aged Pontiff
into the tomb Leo XIII will be able to
say to his cardinals, as Urban VIII did:
"Non vos elegistls me. sed ego elegi vos."
(It is not you who chose me. but I who
chose you.) There are now sixteen vacan
cies in the . Sacred College.— London
Leader.NOW INDIFFERENT AS
TO DREYFUS.
BUT TROUBLE
IS EXPECTED
ON FETE DAY
When the Rennes Garrison
Is Reviewed a Demon
stration Is Predicted
Sr-e-lal Dlppatch to Th. QUI
RENNES, July s.— For Captain
Dreyfus, to-day passed off much
as yesterday. Madame Dreyfus,
Matthieu Dreyfus, hit brother, j
and Maitre Labori, his counsel, |
visited the prisoner, but otherwise no j
special incident occurred. As an illus- .
tration of the indifference of the popu- ;
lation, it is worthy of no:- that the
words. "Vive Dreyfus," chalked upon a
wall in a corner of the town, remains
absolutely undisturbed.
Many, however, predict trouble on the
national fete day. when a review of the
garrison will be held. The anti-Drey- I
fusites. it is feared, will attempt to j
draw the troops into a demonstration. j
Madame Dreyfus, accompanied by her j
parents, drove to the prison in a car- i
riage this afternoon. Her parents were j
not. admitted, but she remained with
her husband an hour. On leaving she ;
showed for the first time, signs of dis- .
tress Her eyes were swollen and red j
as though she I ad been weeping bitter
ly. She is still in deep mourning, and is j
determined to remain so until her hus- j
bind regains his liberty.
A somewhat larger crowd than usual
watched her arrival and departure, and j
again displayed utter lack of manners
and consideration for her terrible posi
tl6n, gathering around her, rudely star
DETROIT GREETS
THE ENDEAVORERS
Mayor Maybury Extends
Welcome.
__»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, Mich., July s.— The after
noon of the preliminary day of the eigh
teenth annual international convention of
the christian Endeavor was showery, but
toward evening the sun broke through the
clouds and the travel from all parts of
the city to the Christian Endeavor
grounds began. Soon after sundown the
great tent, with a capacity of 10.000, was
filled: after that a crowd of outsiders ob
tained sight and hearing through the
dropping of tent walls at either side.
Promptly at 7:30 o'clock the comparative
silence was broken by the swelling strains
of "The Son of God Goes Forth to War,"
followed by "There Shall Be Showers of
Blessing" and "Onward. Christian Sol
diers." in all of which the great crowd
ioined. Devotional exercises were led by
the Rev. J. G. Butler of Washington. The
welcome of the local committee was ex
tended by William H. Strong, its chair
man. Rev. Charles B. Newman spoke on
behalf of the Detroit .tors. .
Mayor Mavbury, in his welcoming
speech' praised the work of the Endeavor
ers and declared that all Detroit Joined In
the welcome to the deb gates and visitors.
There were encores of applause when
Secretary Baer read the following tele
gram from the President of the United
States:
Rev. Dr. Francis E. Clark. Detroit, Mich.:
On the occasion of the eighteenth international
convention of your society. I desire to express
mv cordial interest in Its work, my best wishes
to" those assembled with you In convention and
mv earnest hope of the continuance and in
crease nf great results which the efforts of
Christian Endeavor societies have achieved.
WILLIAM MCKINLEY.
Next en the programme- came responses
in behalf of Endeavorers from the foreign
lands. As Rev. William Patterson of
Toronto me forward to speak for Can
ada some one struck up "'God Save the
Queen." The Canadians on the platform
took up the strain and in a moment the
huge tent was reverberating with the
swelling chorus of the British anthem.
The friendly relations .-...;( Canada
and the United States, especially with ref
erence to religious matters, formed the
burden of Dr. Patterson's address.
Rev. Dr. if. J. Tressider. secretary of
the London Council of Christian En
deavor, answered the greetings on behalf
of Great Britain.
"Perish the mad dream." he said, "that
a conflict should ever come between our
two countries. It Is the work and the
duty of the Christian Endeavorers to
make Impossible such an Idea."
For Australia responses were made by
Rev. Joseph Walker of Queensland; for
china by Rev. Blw< d G. Tewkesbury, a
missionary in the vicinity of Peking; for
Turkey by Rev. Lyndon S. Crawford, for
many years a missionary In that country;
for Japan by Rev. Otis Carey; for Mexico
by Rev. C. Scott Williams, and for the
United States by Rev. Arthur J. Smith
of Georgia.
At the close of the big meeting the ,
crowd thronged to the platform to be pre-
I* ted to the Mayor and the officers of
tile United Society. This closed the first
flay of what promises to be one of the
most notable gatherings in the history of
the organization.
TRAGIC DEATH OF A
SAN JOSE SWITCHMAN
Run Down by a Train in the Broad-
Gauge Depot and His Body
Mangled.
SAN JOSE. July s.— Charles White, a
switchman in the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company, met a tragi.- death at
the broad-gauge depot at noon. Whit,
and a ctpv.- had been switching some
freight cars in the lower end of the yard.
When through they started toward the
depot: White was riding upon the rear
step of the tender. He jumped off to turn
a switch and in doing so stepped In the
center of the main track. The 12:40 train
from San Francisco was rushing into the
depot. He had his back turned toward
the approaching train and did not hear
it. Almost as soon as his feet struck the >
walk it was upon him and he was car
ried under the engine. His left leg and
arm wen almost severed from the body i |
and his head and body badly mutilated.
The remains were removed to the j
Morgue. An Inquest will be held to-mor- ;
row. White was about 35 years of age.
Mr- was an experienced railroad man and
had been working for the railroad com
pany in this city for three years. A widow i
and child survive him.
■» .
RIVAL THEATER
MANAGERS AT WAR
Walter Morosco and Harry Wyatt
Say Mean Thing's About One
Another.
LOS ANGELES. July Walter Mo
rosco denies the charges of bad faith Im
plied by Manager Harry Wyatt of the
Los Angeles Theater, Incidentally Mo
rosco stands ready, he says, to take up
BERTILLON, THE
EXPERT, LOSES
HIS POSITION
0 X
*_■ Special Cable tn The Call an . the New -
0 " York Herald Copyrighted. 15.9, by Q
A. Jamef Gordon Bennett. ;
r. PARIS, July s.— "The Dreyfus Oi
$> case," says the Figaro, "has £
';' made yet another victim. M. :'
0 Bertillon has been deprived of O
''•' the position he held as head of Z
$ the anthropometric^ depart- <*>
ed ment, At the sitting of the Mv- Of
_ ( nicipal Council, Andre Lefebure
*T questioned the Prefect of Police <$>
'-' on the subject of M. Bertillon's "3
<% appearance as an expert in ___
:. handwriting, M. Lepine urged V
O his past services, and begged A
<% that he might be censured and £
• eft in his post; but the major- 4*
£' ity thought otherwise, and he 0'
<*, lost his position." g
,♦.
• ?0* --Or. O i-O --o •<• ••■ •:> • <:• • <:• ■? O. -'•> <:• « *
ing her in the face, and pressing one an
other aside in their eagerness not to lose
a single detail of her inward agony,
which might be reflected in her coun
tenance. Her visible distress to-day
was a feast for those ghouls, who,
however, were speedily dispersed by a
squad of gendarmes. The latter finally
barred the two streets leading to the
portal of the prison.
Just opposite the prison and over
looking the window of the cell of Cap
tain Dreyfus and the courtyard. Is a
tannery. This has been a favorite place
of vantage for a number of photo
graphers, who have taken snap shots of
every arrival and departure and as
often as possible of the incidents oc
curring inside the prison yard. To-day
the police affixed a notice over the tan
nery entrance, prohibiting the entry of
any one there, except on business con
nected with the tannery. This meas
ure has aroused considerable comment,
hut the owner of the tannery will prob
ably find it prudent not to ignore the
notice.
Maitre Labori, Matthieu Dreyfus and
the gauntlet thrown down by Wyatt,
and it looks now as if the two managers
will have it out in a war to the knife. In
a letter dated "San Francisco, July 3,"
Walter Morosco writes:
Having read all that Mr. Wyatt, manager of
the Los Angeles Theater, has* to Fa}- regarding
my taking the management of the Burbank
Theater, I thought it about time to inform you
of the facts. When Wyatt visited San Fran
cisco he called and informed me that the Bur
bank was without a lessee, and suggested that
it would be a good idea for me and him to take
the house and conduct it as a stock house.
I told him that if I concluded to take the
theater I would take It alone or not at all. I
Informed him I would play my company and
not combinations. I had it published that the
Burbank Theater under my management would
not be conducted as a combination house. I
cave Wyatt and others a. chance to bid for the
house, which they did.
The beginning of th*-* battle royal be
tween the two theaters may come sooner
than expected, as Morosco may bring to
Los Angeles the Southwell Opera com
pany to sing in opposition to the Lam
bardi company. Later the Los Angeles
Theater may be playing the Henry Miller
stock company in opposition to the Fraw
ley company.
TEST SUIT AFFECTING
COUNTRY NEWSPAPERS
Attempt to Prevent Duplicate Publi
cation of Santa Clara's Tax
List.
BAN JOSE, July s.— The right of the
Board of Supervisors to order the print
ing of portions of the delinquent tax
list In the papers of the various town
ships of the county is to be tested in
court. It has been customary for the
several Supervisors to give this printing
to papers in their districts as patronage
for support during the campaign, in
addition to the Tax Collector choosing
a paper for the official publication of
the full list.
Complaint was made to District At
torney Campbell that this was a ruth
less expenditure of the people's money,
and a few days ago that official warned
the Supervisors that the "farming out"
of the tax list was illegal. The County
Auditor was warned against allowing
any of the claims.
It was decided to test the matter, and
to-day a mandamus suit was com
menced by S. T. Moore, on an assigned
claim by George A. Eddes.- to direct
County Auditor T. F. Morrison to pay
a claim for $16 for the publishing of a
delinquent tax list In the Morgan Hill
Sun for Burnett Township. It recites
in defense of the action of the Super
visors that in thus printing the tax list
the "order was so given for the sole
purpose of affording those who were
named in the delinquent tax lists full
notice of all matters therein stated, in
cluding the time fixed for the sale of
the property."
The case will come up In the Superior
Court on Monday morning, when a per
emptory writ will be asked for direct
ing the County Auditor to pay the
claim of Moore from the current ex
pense fund. Fifteen weekly papers will
be affected by the decision and the
country editors are greatly Interested
in the outcome. *
CIVIL GUARDS CHARGE
THE DEMONSTRATORS
As a Result of the Continued Riots at
Barcelona Martial Law May
Be Declared.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tort
Hera Copyrighted, l*--*", by James Gor
don Bennett. ' » "
BARCELONA, July s.— While workmen
were leaving the factories to-day further
disorders occurred. The civil guard
charged the demonstrators and many
were Injured. Attacks were made against
priests and churches. Trade is almost at
a stand-till. The theaters are all closed
and it is thought probable that martial
law will be proclaimed.
There w. r* also disorders here last
night. Bands of rioters attacked the
Church of Santa Matrons and the Jesuits'
school. The police charged and the mob
pelted them with stones. Later the police
were reinforced by gendarmes and In
fantry and finally scattered the mob.
Many diets took place and many peo
ple were wounded.
FOREST FIRES RAGING. J
Three Bridges Destroyed in Northern
Sonoma County.
SANTA ROSA; July 5.— Word was re
ceived here this afternoon of big forest
fires raging in the northern part of this
county. Three big bridges on the Skaggs
Springs and Stewarts Point road near
Clarks Landing have been destroyed and
a large amount of property* damaged.
San Quentln.. Finances. !
SACRAMENTO. July The last
monthly report of Warden Hale of San j
Quentln prison has been Bled in Controller i
Colgan's office. It shows the financial con
dition of the institution to he healthy,
The total receipts for June were 1-08.
--305 I*2. of which sum $54,297 15 was paid
into the jute revolving fund and $53,559 57
Into the San Quentln prison fund. The
revolving fund contains $100,000— the limit 1
—and the balance in the prison fund |
amounts to $68,047 3L |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
PRISONER'S
WIFE WATCHED
BY CROWDS
| Utter Lack of Manners and
Consideration for Her
Terrible Position.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
Madame Dreyfus returned to Paris j
this evening.
There were interesting developments ,
to-day in the' Saxce-Pressense affair.;
General Julliard. commanding the gar- |
I rison, issued to the troops an order to- i
j day on the occasion of the departure of !
j Colonel Saxce to take up the new com- ;
I mand I** which he* was transferred, as j
j a disciplinary measure, by the Minister
| of War, General the Marquis de Galli- ;
i fet. General Julliard paid Colonel ■
• Saxce high tribute for his brilliant I
j Qualities and declared he enjoyed the j
■ entire confidence of his chiefs. Thus j
i General Julliard ranged himself on the :
j side of Colonel Saxce against the Mm- ;
j ister of War, who is not likely to allow- |
! the matter to pass in silence. The re- I
; suit probably will be that General Jul- j
; Hard will bo transferred to another j
j brigade and that another general will ;
j replace him here. • j
The name of Colonel Saxce was men- ;
; tioned as the probable president of the |
| court-martial which is to try Dreyfus. ;
i M. de Pressense. editor of the Temps '
jof Paris, criticized the possibility of ]
: his appointment on the ground that
| the colonel had already pronounced :
I himself against Dreyfus. Colonel ]
J Saxce then had an order of the day ;
I read to the regiment, in which he !
i classed M. de Pressense as an "in-
I famous scoundrel." For this -he was j
} transferred to another regiment. ;
SCORES THE EARL
FRUIT COMPANY
Growers' Association's
Complaint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July s.— At a meet
ing of the board of directors of the
Fruit Growers' Association to-day the
following statement was adopted and
sent out by Secretary F. C. Niles:
The action of the Earl Fruit Company !
at Suisun on June 28 last in refusing to I
give crate material to F. A. Chadbourn Is j
one to be combated by all fruit growers.
If any company or corporation largely en
gaged in handling California fruits" can
dictate as to whom it will or will not
serve, it amounts to an attempt to destroy
the value of the property owned by the
grower discriminated against.
The directors, knowing that unless some
action be Immediately taken in regard to
the discrimination against the growers,
announce to the fruit growers that where
any company refuses to furnish, them
with supplies, it has made arrangements
whereby growers may obtain the same.
All fruit growers are requested to ad
dress the secretary at Penryn on the sub
ject of discrimination, giving full de
tails:
E. T. Earl, in an interview, said his
company carried a limited supply of
box material used for Eastern ship
ments in all the principal districts,
and was always glad to accommodate
growers who were shipping through his
firm with material at market prices.
Chadbourn, he understood, was not
shipping fruit East through the Earl
Company nor any other firm, and the
material was wanted for San Francisco
shipment. There are numerous box
factories in the State that make a busi
ness of supplying material for San
Francisco shipments, and It was not
the custom of the Earl Company to
carry supplies for this purpose.
Mr. Earl said the agitation which,
been carried on by a few individuals
during the last few weeks was to be
deplored, as there was never a time
when growers were realizing as. good
prices for fruit as this season. Facili
ties for shipping and marketing were
never better, transportation charges
were lower than ever before and grow
ers who desired to sell their fruit rather
than ship East on their own account
had no trouble in finding plenty of
buyers.
ATTEMPTS TO KILL
THE AFGHAN AMEER
Bullet and Poison Fail, and One of
the Culprits Is Speedily
Hanged.
LONDON, July s.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Globe says that ad
vices have been received there from
Cabul, capital of Afghanistan, that an
Afghan recently discharged a rifle point
blank at the Ameer, but missed him, the
bullet lodging in the shoulder of a general
standing near by. The advices also say
that the Ameers brother, Ishak Khan,
attempted to bribe a cook to poison the
Ameer, and that .when the plot was dis
covered Ishak fled into Russian Asia arid
the cook was hanged. : . *■
RECEPTION TO A SAILOR.
Charles W. Dorroh's Greeting by the
People of Angels Camp.
ANGELS CAMP, July s.— Charles W.
Dorroh. who Is home for a short visit
after fourteen months' service in the
navy, was tendered a rousing reception
here to-night. Mr. Dorroh is the only
one from this place who enlisted when the
all for volunteers was made over a year
ago. The return of the Philadelphia af
forded him a short visit to his home.
To-night, escorted by the Uniform Hank,
Knights .of Pythias, and the local band,
he was taken to Dolling's Hall. Appro
priate exercises, consisting of speeches
and song, were rendered, after which C.
R. Hawley, In behalf of the young sail
or's friends, presented him with a beau
tiful diamond stud. The assemblage then
passed around and shook hands with the
hero. The ladies took advantage of the
opportunity and Hobsonlzed him.
LOOT . OF SIGNATURES.
WASHINGTON. July s.— At the War
Department there is a large blank book
whore officers coming to Washington reg
ister. This register is kept in the hill
opposite the office of the adjutant genera!.
Last Sunday some one raided the book
and rut out the names of prominent of
ficers, particularly those who made them
selves' famous during the Spanish war.
Wilmington's Commander Remains.
Special ''able to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IMS. by .lame. G0r
....n Bennett. viS-V*-??:'
RIO JANEIRO, July .>— The American
Consul will embark next Saturday for the
United States via Europe. The American
legation denies the statement that the
commander of the Wilmington has been
recalled.
INFLUENCE OF
AMERICA FELT
Delegates Score Victory
at The Hague.
— . —
WHITE'S PLEA SUCCESSFUL
a
PROTECTION OF PRIVATE PROP
ERTY AT SEA DURING WAR.
.
Special Conference to Be Summoned
Hereafter to Consider the Plan
Proposed by the United
States.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
THE HAGUE, July s.— The American
: delegates scored a great success to-day
| in obtaining from the Peace Conference
I a unanimous vote in favor of having
I the question of private property at sea
; in time of war referred to a special con
! ference to be summoned hereafter.
Much diplomatic management was
] necessary and many obstacles had
, been surmounted before this result was
'■■ reached.
The second committee met this morn
ing, and Andrew D. "White, head of the
American delegation, broached the sub
ject. The question of its admissibility
under the conference mandate was dis
cussed. No vote was taken, but an
agreement was arrived at to allow th.
Americans to present their case in full
this afternoon. Had a vote been taken
immediately the Americans would
doubtless have carried their point by
a majority of one or two, and to avoid
this a resolution was proposed, recog
nizing the importance and complexity
of the question and recommending the
summoning of a special conference.
At the afternoon sitting of the com
mittee the successive clauses of the
laws of war -having been adopted, M.
de Mertens of the Russian delegation
moved a resolution to that effect.
Mr. White seconded it. In the course
of a clear and eloquent statement of
the American case, he said the Ameri
can Government had accepted the invi
tation to participate In the conference
with alacrity, because of the opportun
ity it was expected the conference,
would afford for preaching the truth
with regard to the immunity from cap
ture of private property at sea. He
admitted, however, that the United
States Government recognized it would
be hopeless to expect any decisive re«
suit from this conference, owing to the
three causes, absence of instruction or
power from the governments: second,
doubts as to the competence of. the con
ference, and third, the length of time
necessary for a discussion of all the
bearings of the case.
Mr. White frankly admitted the diffi
culties involved in deciding what con
stituted the contraband of war. but in
sisted that these supplied one of the
best arguments for a full and promi
nent discussion. The suffering and
losses which seizures entailed are im
mense, while the effect upon the ulti
mate result of war was almost noth
ing.
Referring to the experience of the
United States in the war of the re
bellion, he said that only three Con
federate cruisers did anything of im
portance, but they captured 169 ves
sels, quadrupled the rate of insurance
between America and Great Britain,
and caused the transfer of a half mil
lion tons of American shipping to Brit
ish bottoms. The final result was that
the whole American marine was vir
tually swept out of existence.
"If that resulted from the operations
of the three poorly equipped little
steamers." he continued, *' what would
have happened with the means at the
disposal of the greater nations of to
day? Yet every one knows that this
privateering had not the slightest effect
in ending or even shortening the war.
nor would It have had any even if the
losses had been ten times greater. The
only real effect Is gained by warships in
maintaining a blockade. Nowadays the
transfer of goods by land is so general
that Interruption by sea as a rule does
nothing to promote the ending of the
war, but that interruption may destroy
accumulations of human wealth and
skill requiring a generation to make
good, while the losses cannot be con
fined to belligerents alone, but must
affect more or less directly the whole
world."
Mr. White warmly repudiated the
supposition that the Americans were
animated by selfish considerations.
They were eminently practical, he
said, but not less pre-eminently de
voted to great ideals. This he illus
trated by referring to the enormous
sacrifice made during the civil war and
the devotion of Americans to arbitra
tion. But the question he was urging
upon the delegates, he asserted, was
one of right, justice and progress of
the whole world, and this all Ameri
cans felt deeply. Nor could the accept
ance of the American proposal injure
any nation, but, on the contrary, it
would strengthen all.
The head of the American delegation
concluded with an eloquent appeal to
the jurists, diplomatists and statesmen
of all nations assembled in the confer
ence to take the subject under careful
consideration, declaring in the words
of Count Nesselrode that "the addi
tions of this plea to international law
would be a crown of glory to the
world's diplomacy."
M. Rahusen of the Dutch delegation
supported Mr. White and suggested
that the Governments favoring the
idea should conclude treaties among
themselves.
Sir Julian Pauncefote. head of the
British delegation, said that British
opinion was divided on the subject and
that he had no instructions regarding
it. In his personal opinion the ques
tion was outside the scope of, the con
ference. .
M. Bourgeois, head of the French del
egation, and Captain Schein of the
Russian delegation, announced that in
the absence of instructions they could
not vote. The resolution was then put
and carried without opposition, with
the reservations on the part of Great
Britain. France and Russia.
The committee also adopted a resolu
tion that the question of the determina
tion of rights and duties of the several
states should be placed on the pro
gramme of a future conference.
The plenary conference assembled
subsequently and accepted all the reso
lutions of the committee.
The American delegation is much
gratified at the result. The delegates
could not anticipate a practical issue at
this time. The maximum success pos
sible was full and free opinion of plac
ing the American view on record and
of continuing unbroken the tradition
of a century of American protest in be
half of progressive ideas In interna
tional law. This result, which at one
time appeared impossible, owing to the
almost insuperable' difficulties. Is now
triumphantly attained.
ASSESSMENT INCREASED.
Heavy Valuation Placed Upon the
Mountain Copper Company.
REDDING. July s.— Assessor Ludwig
has raised the assessment of the Moun
tain" Cooper Company from $350,000. at
which it was assessed last year, to $1,066,
--720. This is the highest valuation placed
on any mining property in California, the
next highest being that of the Utica mine
in Calaveras County.
FALCONIO MADE
PAPAL ABLEGATE
FOR CANADA
£ f\/% ONTREAL, July s.— Cardinal Rampolla has announced to
+ 7 ▼ m. Archbishop Bruchesi that the new papal ablegate, who will
V permanently reside in Canada and be the direct representative
X of the Holy See, will be Monslgnor Falconio, Titular Archbishop of Ac
-- crenza and Matera. :
0 .__
i Monsignor Diomede Falconio Is an Italian by birth but an American citi
_» zen by virtue of naturalization. He was born in Calabria, and is about 55
♦ years old. He first came to this country in 1865 to enter the College of Bona
© ventura. at Allegheny, N. Y. He was then a youth of 24, and had already
4- attended a seminary in his native province in Italy. Upon the completion of
ft his studies at Allegheny he was ordained as a priest by the then Bishop
x Timon of Buffalo. Then he became a teacher ln his Alma Mater. After a
1. few months the young priest was sent to the diocese of Havre de Grace, in
" Newfoundland, where he was speedily elevated to the rank of vicar general
*♦* of the diocese. Such advancement to a rank surpassed only by that of
O bishop called speedy attention to the executive abilities of the young man.
4- It occasioned little .surprise when he was drafted by his order to Italy, and
© by the Pope created Bishop of Accrenza and Matera.
4- Early in 1885 Archbishop Falconio went to New York and undertook the
O humble and laborious work of his order among the Italians of the lower west
-♦- side. His success was remarkable. Since then— namely, for the past eleven
O years— the monsignor's work has been wherever the head of bis order has
-J*- called him. chiefly In Italy. He first returned on a mission of filial piety to
a- visit his father in Italy. At a meeting of the general chapter of the Fran-
O ciscans in 1889 he was elected procurator general of the order for the Italian
+- branch. It was after he had served three years in this office that he was
O created Bishop of Lacedonia. ■ •;■.£ >;_ '■:._■.;■ '.f.\.%
9 +<>K>+ G4G ♦G +O + 4G 4 O+O +o+o4o*o+ O+o+O +0 ♦ (HO*
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
General Sternberg Enthusiastic Over
the Model Camp Established at
the Presidio.
WASHINGTON. July s.— Henry C.
Wire of San Francisco has" been promoted
in the Treasury Department as a clerk
from $900 to (1200 pet annum.
The postoffice at Paralso Springs, Monte
rey County, will be discontinued after July
15. Mail should be sent to Romie.
General Sternberg, surgeon general of
the army, has returned from an extended
tour of Inspection through the South and
West. He is very enthusiastic about the
new model camp established at San Fran
cisco, and says that it excels any simi
lar camp ever established in this country.
Nothing has been neglected that could
possibly contribute to the comfort and
convenience of soldiers, and the sanitary
arrangements are as marly perfect as
modern science can make them.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— Charles E. Birdley and- G.
A. Simms. Los Angeles, newspaper file;
Roes E. Brown. San Francisco, means for
raising water from mineshafts; Stephen
C. Houghton, San Francisco, assignor to
Houghton Register Company, fare regis
ter and combined rope clutch and handles;
John M. Howe, San Francisco, machine
for filling and folding packages; John B.
Marshall, Fresno, window; Stephen and
M. May bell, San Francisco, instantaneous
printing plateholder; William Muir, Mich
igan Bluff, assignor to Hydraulic Dredg
ing Company, ejector for mining arid
dredging; Charles W. Richards,
San Francisco. finger tooth brush; '
William H. Shinn, Los Angeles, surfac.
Irrigating system for sprinkling farm land,
roads or streets.
Oregon— Edward F. Schneider. North
Yamhill, fruit drier; Isaac W. Healdon,
Plalnview. trace clasp.
Army orders: Lieutenant William E.
Davis. Volunteer Signal Corps, has been
ordered to duty with the Signal Corps de
tachment at Angel Island.
Acting Assistant Surgeons F. W. Dud
ley. E. P. Haywards. Charles N. Barney,
F. W. Foxworthy and S. J. Fraser have
been ordered to San Francisco for trans
portation to the Philippines on the steam
er City of Para. Acting Assistant Sur
geons S. C. Dekraft. at Cambridge. Md.;
E. C. Schultze, at New York: J. C. Le
hardy. at Savannah, Ga.; J. W. Vandu
sen at Norwalk, Ohio: S. T. Harris, at
Carrollton. Ga., and R. P. Robbins, at
Philadelphia, have been ordered to San
Francisco for assignment to duty.
Privates John J. Green and James Mat
tingly. Fourth United States Cavalry, un
assigned; Louis Callahan. Harry W.
Evans. Bert A. Skeily and James O.
Harned, Third United States Artlllerv.
unassigned; George Bentley. Robert E.
Graham, Ollle Button. Charlie Mercer and
James Thompson, Fourteenth United
States Infantry, unassigned; Thomas H.
Cartwell, Harry E. Clark, Arthur Girard,
OBDONTUNDER!
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other, anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt, some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed -and mouths disfigured for .life, and have the names of 'these unfortunate
people on file In our office, also the fakers ' who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you • may be protected
against these fakers. For the ' purpose of Introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR .-.
DAYS, commencing June 17. - - -_•>.<•.
EXTRACTION. _.c: CROWNS. S-t.OO to Kln.ou
-.. - PAINLESS EXTRACTION. SOc; PLATES. 53.00 to 512.50*
FILLINGS. 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK,' $3.00 per Tooth..
DR. R. L.WALSH, 815? GEARY ST., Bet. Hjde ani Larkin.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Laeey A. Goodell. Frederick Gullliams.
Wiley Jones, Patrick M. Kennedy, John
L. Mellon, William T. Musketnuss. Gus
tave Pajweskl, Frank R. Wilson. Robert
Linton and Bert L. Ross. Eighteenth
United States Infantry, unas.igne*!; Fran
cis Inert- and Green M. Trimble. Twen
tieth United States Infantry, unassigned;
Thomas K. Eisenblse and James F. Wat
kins. Twenty-second United States in
fantry, unassigned: Frank Briprsrs. Chris
topher ''.tsineer. Hernon t'ilhist. Rice M.
Hughes, Harry A. Jones. Edwin A. Lewis,
Harry A. Metzger. Frank J. Welsh,
Charles T. Tinker and Edward D. Wolf.
Twenty-third United States Infantry, un
assigned; Recruits Joseph C. Bellew.John
L. French. John C. Fulton, Hannan W.
Martin. Bberhard Otten, Henry Purcell,
Harry Bruncr. Harry L. Bowman. Maur
ice J. Byrne, Charles F. Cone. Patrick
Ferrell. Albert Gastreich, Frederick F.
HanCe, James M. Manning. John L. Mer
riam. Glen C. Morton. Roland Payne,
Lawrence J. Raaen. Henry E. Ravencraft,
John F. Rigney, Jacob A. Stults, William
W. Wright. John Miller. George H. Mc-
Bride and Robert C. McConahey, general
service. Presidio. San Francisco, will be
discharged the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of that
station.  »• *
Private Fred L. Rice. Fourth United
States Cavalry, unassigned. now at Pre
sidio. San Francisco, is transferred to the
hospital corps as a private. Private
Harry W. Peacock. Troop L. First United
States Cavalry. Fort Meade, is transferred
to Troop A. Fourth United States Cav
alry. He will be sent to the Presidio, San
Francisco. . - - _ __ __
Private James Erret. Company K. Four
teenth United States Infantry, Manila,
will be discharged from the service of
the United States by the commanding
officer of his station.
Private Willard C. Foster, hospital
corps. Philippines, will be sent to the
Presidio, San Francisco. He will, upon
his arrival, be discharged.
Private August Becker, Company D.
Fourteenth United States Infantry, now
en route to the Philippine Islands, having
enlisted under false pretenses, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
of the United States on receipt of this
order by the commanding officer of his
station. _ ___. ■_
Private Thomas B. Moss. Sixth United
States Cavalry, unassigned. Fort Logan,
is transferred to the Third Infantry. He
will be sent to the Presidio. San Fran
cisco. Private George O. Hupp. Troop
X First United States Cavalry, now at
Fort Niobrara, Neb.. is transferred to the
Eighteenth United States Infantry, Pre
sidio. San Francisco.
Acting Assistant- Surgeon John R. Mi -
Dill United States Army, will proceed
from Milwaukee to Sau Francisco and re
port in person to the commanding general.
Department of California, for assignment
to temporary duty.
No Trouble Anticipated. j
Special Cable to The Call and the New York |
Herald. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gor- i
don Itennett.
PANAMA, July 5,— The Herald's corre
spondent at Salvador reports that the po
litical situation is quiet, and that no
trouble is anticipated at present.
TEN NEW CASES
OF THE FEVER
Seven Deaths Reported
From Cuba.
a—
AMERICAN TROOPS SUFFER
- — ♦ —
SURGEON CLENDENNIN AMONG
THE VICTIMS.
♦ - ■
Precautions Taken to Guard Against
the Disease in the Vicinity of
Santiago and a New Hos
pital Established.
♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA July Ten
new cases of yellow fever and seven
deaths were officially reported to-day.
All the victims of the disease were sol
diers except one, an American black
smith.
A new fever hospital has been es
tablished near Boniato Camp, north of
EI Car.ey.
WASHINGTON, July 5. Surgeon
General Sternberg has received the
following cable from Major O'Reilly,
chief surgeon at Havana, giving the
yellow fever situation:
'•Harvard (chief surgeon at Santiago)
telegraphed to-day that the total cases
were about one hundred, with twenty
one deaths. Surgeon Clondennin died
yesterday; other medical officers are
sick and three nurses, Of our two
camps one is safe and the other located
in the foothills, five miles away, and
will probably be moved in a few days.
On* case is "reported from Manaanillo.
In order to make more effective the
quarantine against the introduction of
yellow* fever from Vera Cruz and other
infected Mexican cities the surgeon
general of the Marine Hospital service
has located Assistant Surgeon L. E.
Cofer at the City of Mexico. He is in
structed to keep watch upon the rail
way travel to th. United States, to give
certificates to passengers and to su
perintend disinfection when necessary.
The reports to the surgeon general in
dicate .i decrease of the fever at Vera
Cruz.
A report has been received from the
Consul at that city, saying that the
present epidemic followed upon the dis
mantling of ,i number of old houses in
I 1898. Surgeon General Wyman accepts
this report as strongly confirmatory < _
l the theory that the yellow fever germ
; lurks in old buildings and is likely to
'be liberated to the detriment of the
j community when the buildings are de
! molished or repaired in the summer
! season. _________
AN ELISOR HAS
DRAWN NEW JURORS
Arguments Completed and the Cases
of Cbeur d'Alene Officials Taken
Under Advisement.
WALLACE. Idaho, July s.— This morn
ing J. H. Hawley addressed the court on
the cases against the Sheriff and Commis
sioncrs. Senator Reddy followed on behalf
of the defense. Peter Breen of Butte Is
here to-day, being special counsel from
the Butte union to their Cover d'Alene
brethren.
The announcement was made this after
noon that Elisor Sutherland has returned
from Pierce County with thirty-five jurors
from the south end of the county. Those
present in the court room were instructed
by the court not to converse with any one
about matters likely to come before them,
nor to listen while others talked.
Counsel for the defense then argued the
impeachment case of the Sheriff and
Commissioners, and the State closed.
The Judge took the case under advise
ment.
THIS IS A CONDITION
Of distress such as is depicted by those who
have STOMACH DISORDER.
The sufferer will experience as indicated by
Pip. 1 headaches or dizzy spells. Fig. _ emacia-
tion or paleness, Pig. 3 coated tongue and
offensive breath. Fig. i palpitation of heart,
Fig. ■"• soreness in stomach anil bloating. Fig. 6
inactive or torpid liver. Other symptoms of
stomach disorder are loss of appetite, irritable
temper, sleeplessness, nervousness and costive-
ness. '-"'-- - ...
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 1 because it corrects
th-» congestion or anaemia of brain.
HUDYAN reaches Pig L* because- it makes
rich red blood, which In turn gives a glow of
health to pale, wan complexions.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 3 because it promotes
perfect digestion of the food.
HUDYAN reaches Fig 4 because it overcome*
that irritation of the nerves that govern heart
an.i stomach
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 5 because it prevents
the formation of gases in the stomach, and
because it dates the little glands that
supply the digestive juices.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 6 because it strength-
ens the liver and stimulates It to perfect activ-
ity. In this way Hudyan overcomes constipa-
tion.
. _. HUDYAN Is a posl-
, « tlv< and permanent
MEN A Nty cure for Indigestion,
I WOMEN r Dyspepsia, Catarrh of
! ADVISED Stomach. Constipation
l FREE. and ail the digestive
Call or Write. disorders.
+ _ a HUDYAN is for sale
by druggists, 50 cents
a package, "' six packages for $2 r>fl.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan. '-end
direct to the Hudyan Remedy •'■>.. cor. Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market streets. San. Francisco,
Cat
YOU MAY CONSULT THE I!' DYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
oo o o ooococoooo
T^ ACE A^%
%CRAND "OTEL&O
0 SAN FRANCISCO. Q
*T Connected by a cover** 1 -! passageway.
***** 1-100 Booms— 9oo w: h 3ath Attached. 0
O All Under One Ai.naKement. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Bl. per day .nd upward Q
O American Plan *'t.OO per day and upward ,—
Correspondence Solicited. *»
O JOHN C. KIESFATBICK. Hmsger. O
000000000000000000
xL Jj
V»F ___, I " 'I'" "" ■'■■■■mi 111 l W_gl W_ff
r 3E--U MARKET ST. SJF^*&r
cafe mmm
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ÜBB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; rives health and
•trti.-th to i-iu-1 or__n_. DeDOU US Marie**.
34
BASEBALL,
COURSING.
INGLESIDE MEN
NOW WAIT ON
MAYOR PHELAN
Are Ready to Promote
Coursing.
— • —
HIS SIGNATURE IS NEEDED
— • — '..
UNION PARK CARD IS MADE UP
OF A J4-DOG STAKE.
♦
Several Imported Greyhounds, With
Some From Los Angeles, Are
Expected to Keep the Talent
Guessing.
« —
His Honor the Mayor has not made
public up to the present time the stand
he will take In the matter of coursing at
Ingleside. The Supervisor- at their meet
ing on Monday finally passed an order
granting the park management the right
to promote coursing sixty days in the
year. This order awaits the signature of
Mayor. Phelan to make it legal. Should
he sign it to-dny or to-morrow there will
be coursing at Ingleside on Sunday.
The card at Union Park for Saturday
and Sunday consists of a seventy-four
dog stake. The entrance fee is $5 and the
prizes total $965. The winner will receive
.150. runner-up $100, third $80, two at $50
each, five at $35, nine at $20 and eighteen
at $10. The draw, held last night in
Pythian Castle, resulted as follows:
Open stake, seventy-four dogs— J.
Dean's Mlalmo vs. F. Herrin's St. El
mo; Lowe & Thompson's Patria vs.
Chella & Gaffney's Golden Russet; D.
J. Henley's O'Hara vs. G. J. Panario's
Highflyer; J. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche
vs. Pasha Kennels' Emm Pasha; D. J.
Healv's Rusty Gold vs. J. J. Keenan's
Royal Buck; F. A. McComb's Flush
vs. Handy & Smith's Free and Easy;
J. J. Keenan's Black Lock vs. K. E.
de B. Lopez's Rochester; Mil" Kennels'
Rock Island Boy vs. J. O'Dowd's
Scout; Handy & Smith's Magic vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master
Claire; F. Moran's Flying Faster vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; J. J.
Warren's Sweet Lips vs. J. -person's
Candelaria; Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend vs. J. P. Thrift's Brutus; D.
Ford's Bonita vs. Frank Moran's False
Flatterer; Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs.
E. M. Kellogg's Hummer: Rincon Ken
nels' Ski vs. Dennis & Porter's The
Devil; H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway
vs. J. Maher'sSoubrette; Milo Kennels'
Victor King vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Wag (imp.); Handy & Smith's Victor
vs. I. F. Halton's Tic Tac; 11. F. An
derson's Crawford Braes vs. George
Whitney's Theron; Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Aran vs. Bartel Bros.' Mac's
Melody; Bartel Bros.' Winning Style
vs. Rincon Kennel's Hard Lines; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma vs.
Chella .- Gaffney's Snap Shot; J. Seg
ger.-on's Gold Hill vs. Dennis & Por
ter's October Woodcock; George Shan
non's Wait a Little vs. K. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy; D. toper's Koolawn vs.
Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal; B.
Brophv's Benicia Boy vs. A.Ohmeyer's
Occidental; Hurley & Rellly's Ex
pense, vs. T. Butler's Susie; Aeneid
Kennel's Pretender vs. A. Ohmeyer's
Fleetfoot; ■ "Vell&Hanrahan's Promise
Me ' vs. Handy & Smith's Sylvanus;
Smith __ Draydon's Little Fairy vs.
Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt; H. Lvnch's
Lottie M vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget;
Handy _. Smith's Lady Hugo vs. G. J.
Panario's Joker; Daily Seibein's Shy
lock Boy vs. A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; Milo Kennel's lima vs. Smith
& Draydon's Mountain Belle; F. A.
McComb's Royal Flush vs. Handy &
Smith's Twin City Girl; A. C. Brad
bury's Sardonic vs. D. J. Healy's For
Glory. ■
TRIAL OF THE SHAMROCK.
Cup Challenger Will Race Against
the Britannia.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Benn
LONDON, July s.— After all there is to
be a trial of speed between the Shamrock
and the Britannia. The Dally Mail Is au
thorltatlvely informed that the spin will
take place between the Shamrock and the
Britannia at the end of this week or at
the beginning of next. The contest will
take place oft the Needles.
To give an Idea of the new boat's spars
it may be stated that the girth of the
mainmast at the cross trees is upward of
sixty inches, while the spinnaker boom
from th*- deck reaches above that point.
The steel boom and steel gaff have been
shipped. The immense area of mainsail
may be gathered from the fact that the
canvas from which it Is made weighs
nearly twenty-one hundred weight.
ONE WIN FOR SLOAN.
Sea Fog Annexes the Bobbers Mill
Plate at Nottingham.
LONDON. July 5.- At the second day of
th.- Nottingham July meeting to-day Mr.
Lewis' Joubert won the Bingham plate
of 166 sovereigns. Lord William Ben s
ford's Perdicus, ridden by Sloan, -was
second. The betting was 5 to 1 against
Perdicus.
The St. Albans handicap of 500 sov
ereigns was won by Sir J. Blundel Maple's i
Porcett. Lord William Beresford's Doric
11. ridden by Sloan, was second. Ten
horses ran over the straight mile. The
betting was 6 to 1 on Doric 1 1.
Sloan won the Bobbers Mill plate on
Sea Fog. Switch was second and Thirl
stane third. Nine horses ran. The bet
ting was 1' to 1 against Sea Fog.
The Netherland Hark selling plate was
won by Paulton. Sloan rode Pomfret In
this race but was unplaced in a field of
fifteen. The betting was 3 to 1 against
Pomfret.
ADVEI.T: SEMENTS.
"CINZANO."
Second Veea
tn __-._. exclusively
FINEST
Pure most
''. and of ,he
feat best
P "m ITALIAN kn -
"*" i a r,
respect. '^f'" 8
■xoeptlowOly h ° te ' »*
*" 7 VERMOUTH. __
quality.
CHARLES MEINECKE A CO., <
Sole 'Agents.
ru Sacramento Street, San Francisco. Cat
IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
SAN JOSE IS
THIRD IN THE
LEAGUE RACE
i Pressing Locals for
Second Place.
— • —
JEFFRIES AS AN UMPIRE
*. — *
WILL REFEREE SATURDAY'S
GAME IN THE GARDEN CITY.
— * —
McCarthy Indefinitely Suspended.
Oakland Bracing Dp— Great
Work of the Sen
ators.
-- ♦ —
-Some important changes have been
made In the relative positions of the
teams during the past week. The two
great surprises were the double victories j
of Oakland and San Jose over Santa Cruz
and San Francisco. Watsonville has been
the only team to suffer that could well
afford to have its percentage reduced. By
winning its Fourth of July game Santa
Cruz broke even on the week and main
tains a lead of 96 points over San Fran
rise... which, by losing three of the last
four games played, has fallen away con
siderably. San Jose by its excellent work
has moved up to third position and is now
only forty points behind the locals. Sac- ;
ramento has also been doing great work
and the tallender of two weeks ago Is now
In fourth place, Watsonville having fallen
back to fifth position. Oakland is still in
the hole, but with an Increased percent
age. The standing of the teams follows:
mlto ] to so I -; o ■£. I
sI - j - a < P ,•
3 = = n P £ £ ;
"» 5- 5 c '-' r
clubs. fj» 3i•| r J :
*» I - • si? '. | :
: ' " : : : : ! :
: I ? : I i: ! : J :
;_,_!_ I — ~
Santa Cruz .. I 3 412 : | 7 21
San Francisco. 21-. 56 - ■■ 20
San Jose 0 4 ..I 1 4 j 7 16 1
Sacramento ... 4*5 1■ .. 4 [ I■ls .
V?atsonvill« ... 4 2 i 4 .. 2|14 j
Oakland - 3 4; 3 3..115
Lost 112 I 17 I 16 116 18 1221 — 1
Ix>st "
I 3 "
P T
to << o
i *v
a. n
: I p
• -.
. * n
: "
: :
I 33 . .636
37 .540
32 1800
131 .453
'32 .437
37 .4,15
The games scheduled for this week j
promise to be unusually exciting. Wat
sonville will try conclusions with the
home team at Recreation Park and Golden j
Gate, and if some new material the Wat- t
sonville management is expecting arrives,
Harris' men will have to hustle to take
a malority of the series. A battle-royal \
will be fought at San Jose between the
Dentists and Lobsters. So far this season ,
San Jose has not won a game from. Santa ;
Cruz, but before returning home Tuesday
night Dr. McGraw declared his Indians
would make it two straight this week.
Oakland will go to Sacramento, and as
both teams are picking up there will be a
hot fight on between them.
Oakland has signed Steffani to alternate
Willi Moskiman and Shea in the box, and
the San Jos.- lad, judging from his work
last Tuesday, will have no trouble in hold
ing his own. lie has a good assortment of
curves under control and even such, ghost- \
dancers as Dalrymple and ODea fail to
disconcert him. Ford. Oakland's new
first baseman, shows up well in the field
but is weak with the stick yet. Last year
Ford ranked with the heavy batters, and I
he thinks that with a little practice he i
will regain his batting eye. One excellent i
change that has been made in the team
is the revision of the batting order. Why
Schmeer. who Is a weak batter, has been i
kept at the head of the list and Hardie,
one of the best stickers in the league.
placed eighth in the list was something
that not even Cal Ewlng himself could
explain. It is all different now. Peeples
and Hammond, both good average bat
ters, lead off and old Automobile Lou fol
lows with his bludgeon to drive them
home. Oakland will win games under the
new order.
The new managers of the Watsonville
team deserve great credit for the deter
mination they have shown to place a win
ning ball team in the league, and best of
all to enforce discipline. McCarthy who
Is a line shortstop and also a confirmed
trouble breeder, has been indefinitely sus
pended for insubordination. His suspen
sion has already been telegraphed on to
Nick Young and now McCarthy cannot
get a job with any national agreement
team in the country until the suspension
is raised. It took nerve to do this, for
McCarthy's retirement meant the crip
pling of the team, but the managers were
determined to enforce discipline even if
it cost games to do it. They are now ne
gotiating with several Eastern players
who are said to be cracks in their par
ticular positions, and when the weak
spots are patched up the team will be
up With the leaders again.
Watsonville pays good salaries and the
patrons of the game In that town de
ma:..! a winning team. This the managers
are determined they shall have.
Anderson of San Jose doesn't create
much excitement, but he goes about his
work in a quiet, determined manner that
has placed him in the front rank of sec
ond basemen. In tlie series with San-
Francisco last week Anderson accepted
thirty out of thirty-one chances and some
of them were corkers.
Leake, the San Jose shortstop, Ims got
down tc his gait and is now playing great
i ball; besides hint*!-* nicely. Last Tues
; day his work was as clean as could be
asked for. However, the youngster will
: not be with the team a great while longer,
] for with the beginning of the semester he
will return to Santa Clara College. Dr.
McGraw is already casting about for a
man lo fill the vacancy and has opened
up correspondence with several first-class
Eastern men.
Manager Harris has made a slight
change in his batting order. Hilderbrandt,
who is doing some fine sticking now leads
off, Pyne being fifth in the list. Both
l';. n.- and Riley have dropped off sur
prisingly in their batting of late.
Since Manager Ewing has been away
on his vacation the Oakland team has
braced up wonderfully, and now the boys
dc clare that < 'a! it their hoodoo. They
say they are going to bar him from the
games hereafter altogether. Ed Johnson
is managing the team With marked ability
during i-.-.\ Ing's absence.
Doyle of Sacramento is causing Hank
Harris' hair to break off. Doyle does all
Sorts of things to tin- locals whenever
! they go against him. He Is also keeping
I the other teams guessing these days.
Sacramento is coming up with a rush.
> Doyle and Harvey are both doing effective
! box work and the team is giving them
| great support, besides slugging like fiends.
; The Senators are nov. playing the kind of
! ball that won them the pennant last year.
Even Donlin, the last time he faced
Kripp's men, was hatted all over the lot.
[berg, who was the star twirler of the
! league last season, Is having a hard time
j of it this year.'^ftn the last five weeks the
j locals have lost every game he has
: pitched.
Andrews Is doing magnificent box work
' for the Dentists. With Borchers holding
I up his end the club will be a prominent
■ factor in the championship fight.
With Donlln gone it would occasion no
; surprise if the Lobsters struck the chutes.
Dr. McGraw is determined to make a
success of the game in San Jose. He has
1 engaged Champion Jeffries to umpire next
Saturday's game with Santa Cruz and to
spar four rounds with Jim Daly, his spar
ring partner, at the conclusion of the
j game. The champion will receive $300 for
! his services.
Th.re is hot .a league in the country that
I is playing such even ball as the Califor
nia league. It is very seldom that a lop
sided score is turned out, while efforts to
pick the winners have proved most dis
i tressing. San Francisco has been particu
larly fortunate in having exciting con
tests. ■ / . _
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
DOGS ARE NAMED
FOR THE ANNUAL
FIELD TRIALS
Competition Gains in
Favor.
- — * —
AN INCREASE IN ENTRIES
— ♦ —
SETTERS STILL HOLD PRIDE OF
PLACE WITH GUN" MEN.
4
Double the Number Are Nominated
as There Are of the Pointers.
Kennels of Many Locali
ties Represented.
The entries for the annual meeting of
the Pacific Coast Field Trials Club are
all registered with J. E. Ruyter and -how
an increase of two over last year. There
are twenty setters and eleven pointers in
the lists. The trials are held annually in
January on the property of W. S. TeVis,
president of the club, near Bakersfleld.
Among the nominations are dogs from
kennels in Los Angeles, Bakersfleld, Oak
land, Sacramento, Elko, Nevada, and from
this city. The complete list follows:
Setters— Young's Duck, by Luke
out of Dolly Wilson, whelped 18. S.
Frank Mackev's California Gladstone,
by Count Gladstone IV out of Lady
Rodchaff, whelped, January 10. 1899.
W. S. Davfs' Sausalito Pride, by
Clncinnatus Pride out of Flora W,
whelped January 16. 1899.
W. S. Davis' Pride of Ross, by Cin
cinnatus Pride out of Flora W,
whelped January 16, 1899.
H. H. Kirckhoffs Blanco, by Mercury
out of Sweetheart's Last, whelped Feb
ruary 1. 1899.
Gardiner & Botten's Lorenzo, by
Count Gladstone IV out of Suver <',
whelped August 27. 1898.
Gardiner <- Betten's Bonnie Gem, by
Count Gladstone IV out of Suver _*,
whelped August 27. 1898.
Gardiner & Betten's Woodcraft, by
Count Gladstone IV out of Suver G,
whelp.-, 1 August 27, I*-!- I*.1 *.
Verona Kennels' Verona School Girl,
by Iroquois Chief out of Lady of
Verona, whelped May 16, 1898.
Verona Kennels' Verona School Boy.
by Iroquois Chief out of Lady of
Verona, whelped May 16, 1898.
Verona Kennels' Miss Count, by
Count Gladstone IV out of Countess
Noble, whelped April 24. 1898.
W. S. Hobart's Henry ('rocker Chief,
by Iroquois Chief out of Mary Lou,
whelped November IS, IS9S.
Gardiner & Bettens' Dynamite, by
Val's Mark out of Fisher's Nellie,
whelped February 16, 1899.
Stockdale Kennels' Pluto, by The
Laird, out of Phoebe, whelped July 2,
1898.
R. Oxnard's Bumble Bee. by Tony's
Gale out of Lightfoot, whelped July
4. 1888.
California fennels' Hero, by Mer
cury out of Sweetheart's Last,
whelped February 1, l*-' '.
11. M. Black's Lady. Josie 11, by
Flnglass Jr. out of Lady Juno,
whelped May 22, 1898 .
Albert Betz's Hesper, by Mercury
out of Sweetheart's Last, whelped Feb
ruary' 1, 1898.
C. E. Wilson's Silver War, by Star
light out of Silver Plate, whelped April
1!*. 1898.
C. E. Wilson's Dixie Queen, by Sam
Weller out of Flashlight, whelped Au
gust 9, 1898.
Pointers— General W. R. Shaft
Major S by Ben R out of Flee Go,
whelped February 28, 1898.
J. E. Lucas' Nick ON. by Alex C
out of Cora, whelped April 13, 1898.
J. E. Lucas' Ella E. by Alex C out
of Cora, whelped April 13. 1898,
Verona Kennels' Plain Sam's Son, by
Plain Sam out of Dolly Dea 11,
whelped January 20. 1898.
N. H. Hickman's Negro Joe, by
Black Bart out of Fannette, whelped
March 15, 1898.
George Neale's Dick N, by Don out
of Queen N, whelped February IS, 1893.
Stockdale Kennels' Schley, by Alex
C out of Flora C, whelped March 28,
1898.
Stockdale Kennels' Jingoes Bagpipe,
by Jingo out of Pontatoc Belle,
whelped January 5, 1898.
Stockdale Kennels' Jingoes Belle, by
Jingo out of PontatOc Belle, whelped
January 5, 1898.
Stockdalo Kennels' Cuba's Zap, by
Cuba of Kenwood out of Jacqulna,
whelped January 6, 1899.
Lucas & Faggino's Little Albert, by
Alex C out of Cora, whelped April 13,
1898.
HEAVY WEIGHTS ON
THE HURDLE HORSES
OFFICERS MAY INTERFERE
WITH MOORE CUP RACE.
A Protest Against the Mount Condi
tions in the Coming Event of
the San Mateo Hunt
Club.
Is it cruelty to animals, and a violation
of the. laws, to make a horse run two and
a. half miles, and jump over ten hurdles
while carrying 200 pounds weight? Thi
question is likely to be settled in the
courts of San Mateo County in the near
future. The rase promises to be of more
'than ordinary interest, as such Wealthy
men as Walter S. Hobart and the "upper
ten" of Burllngame are likely to be in
volved in the matter. On the 15th of this
month there is to be a society event in
that part of San Mateo County commonly
called "Bllngum," In which the shining
lights of that district will take part. The
principal feature is to be a hurdle rac
ier the J. J. Moore silver cup. Only mem
bers of San Mateo Hunt Clud may
enter the race. This is the club which
follows the hounds on horseback, Just ad
the gentlefolks do in the old country.
in this organization there is one or two
horsemen whom nature has blessed, or
otherwise, with avoirdupois over jo.key
weight, ln fact they weigh over fourteen
stone (short), and realizing their handi
cap have Induced the other members of
the club to so arrange the conditions of
the race over hurdles and around the
track that things will be evened up in
the matter of avoirdupois. This can only
be accomplished by the riders of small
statue adding scrap iron, lead or other
heavy substances to their mounts. How
the ponies, which have to do the running
and jumping, would regard this proposi
tion Is not known.
However, there are a number of men
who do not think that this arrangement
is Just right to the animals. One of these
telephoned yesterday to Secretary 11,1
--brook of the Society, for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals and register, a
protest in the name of suffering .horse
flesh. Mr. Holbrook also takes the view
that it is piling it on too thick upon the
horse, and he is determined to prevent
such a contest of freight carrying, if pos
sible. ■ "Bllngum" Is really out of his dis
trict, but he proposes to operate as a citi
zen for the enforcement of the laws
through the officers of San Mateo County.
While Mr. Hobart' 8 race track, upon
which the two and one-half hurdle race is
to take place, Is on strictly private
grounds, still Mr. Holbrook contends that
the officers have a right to prevent the
commission of an offense on any one's
property.
Dates for Stockton Races.
STOCKTON. July s.— At Hie Stockton
Driving Club's meeting to-night President
Catts, who had just returned from San
Francisco, announced that a clash of
dates for the race meet between Oakland
and this city had been averted by the ac
tion of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club in t
deciding to give its race meeting the
week before the State Fair Instead of the
week after, and that the meeting shall he
held at San Rafael. Mr. Catts mot sev
eral leading horsemen and was assured
of flrst-class entries, especially in the har
ness events. To this end the club win
hang up good purses. The races will be
held here the week beginning Septem
ber 18.
PHILLIES STRIDING
TOWARD THE LEAD
Again Defeat the Brooklyn Superbas
by Hard Hitting Near the
Finish.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.' Clubs— W. L Pet.
Brooklyn ....45 22 .672 Cincinnati ..33 31 .516
Philadelphia 40 24 .627, "Pittsburg ...33 32 .-OK
Chicago 33 24 .619 New Y0rk... 30 36 .455
Roston 41 26 .612 Louisville ..24 4. .858
Baltimore ...37 27 .575 Washington 22 47 .319
St. Louis 3*. 2:1 .55. Cleveland ...12 51 .191
PHILADELPHIA; July s.— Brooklyn fought
hard to win to-day's game, but after they had
secured a lead of one run. the Phillies, in the
eighth, on a base on balls, two long flies and
three hits, one a double, managed to win out.
Attendance, 3324. Score:
Br.oklsrn R. « -i
Brooklyn 4 12
Philadelphia 7 12 1
Batteries— and Smith; Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and Smith.
PITTSBURG. July s.— Pittsburg's three hits,
coupled with two errors by Chicago, gave the
locals three runs In the second Inning. Calla
han allowed only three hits in the other
seven innings. The feature was IjtnKP'p sen
sational catch of Williams' long drive In the
seventh and Green's home drive over right field
fence. Attendance, 2400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 9 2
Chicago 6 13 2
Batteries- Rosehon«>ugh, Leever and Schrlver:
Callahan and Chance. Umpires — Swartwood
and Latham.
NEW YORK. July s.— The Giants were de
feated for the third consecutive time by the
Senators M-day. As In th** two previous games,
the visitors outbatted the Giants. Attendance,
500, Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 2 « 3
Washington 6 11 4
Batteries Meekln and Warner; Dlneen and
Klttredge. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
BALTIMORE, July s.— Error, and stupid
work on the bases and In the field were factors
in the defeat of the Orioles by th" Cham
pion's. Klllen was in fine fettle, but his sup
port was ragged. The teams vied with each
other In an effort to make the lives of the um
pires miserable, and between them succeeded
pretty well. Attendance, 1.'.30. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 4 9 2
Boston 5 12 4
Batteries Nops and Robinson; Klllen and
Clarke. Umpires— McDonald and Manassau.
' LOUISVILLE. July s.— Hawley's wildness In
the first two Innings gave the Colonels a com
manding lead. Attendance, 200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 11 8 6
Cincinnati 7 9 2
Batteries- Philippi and Power**: Hawley and
Woods. Umpires Gaffney and Andrews.
RACES AT THE EAST.
Horses That Passed the Judges
Ahead of Their Fields.
CHICAGO, July s.— Following are to-day's
results at Harlem:
Five furlongs— Prestome won. Phaltas second,
A_ua third. Time, 1:09%.
One mile and 70 yards— Branch won. Boaner
ges second, Del Paso II third. Time, I:3SH.
Six furlongs— Albert Vale won. Lucky . Star
second. Meddler third. Time. 1:23.
One mile — Leering won, Hobart second. Lime
water. third. Time, 1:48%.
Four and a half furlongs— Dick Furber won,
tnlook second. Microscope third. Time, .1:01%.
One mile- Maceo won, Molo second. Moroni
third. Time, 1:52.
ST. LOUIS, July ..—The tiack at the Fair
Grounds was heavy to-day. Results:
Six furlongs— l*><> Planter won. Tom Collins
second. Harry Floyd third. Time. 1:18%;
Selling', two-year-olds, five and a half fur
longs — El Caney won. Dlnornls second. Hach
meister third. Time. 1:13%.
Fly. and a half furlongs— Thrive won, Alice
Turner .econd, Bonnivard third. Time, 1:12%:
Selling, six furlongs Belle Ward won, Bar
risso second. Loving Cup third. Time. 1:18V_.
Helling, six furlongs Dlser won. Ned Wlcke.
second, The Pride third. Time. 1:19%.
Mile and 70 van!**, selling— Wilson won, Ran
some second, Truxillo third. Time, 1:63%.
BUFFALO. N. T.. July s.— ln the fourth race
at Fort Erie to-day three horses went down
In a heap at the first turn and Jockeys Mc-
Quade. Landrey and Dugan were cut up and
bruised. However, all escaped serious injury.
Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Confederacy won,
Ethel Davis second, Little Reggie third. Time.
1:09%.
Five furlongs— Larkspur won. Left Bower sec
ond. Alfred Margrave third. Time, I:o2*_.
Six and a half furlongs— Shield Bearer won.
Pearl second. Dave Waldo third. Time, 1:21*..
Seven furlongs— Prince Plausible won, Ocle
Brooks second, Full Dress third. Time. 1:29%;
One and a sixteenth miles -Kin won. Ollle
Dixon second. Beau Ideal third. Time, 1:47%:
One and a sixteenth miles— Maratana II won.
Lady of the West second, Tony Honing third.
Time, I:4S'L
SACRAMENTO WINS
THE FIFTY-MILE RACE
Capital City Wheelmen's Relay Team
Defeats the Reno Club's
Riders.
RENO, Nev.. July ".—One of the largest
crowds ever* gathered at the Nevada State
Fair grounds assembled yesterday to wit
ness the fifty-mile relay race between ten
members of the Capital City Wheelmen's
Club of Sacramento and the team of the
Reno Wheelmen's Club. The teams con
tended in the following pairs:
Sacramento Reno.
Dorsey. Everett.
Hubert. Manuel Simas.
C. Noyes. Peckham.
Payne. Seapraves.
Valentine. Keddle.
Moeller. I Stanly.
11. Noyes. I Massey.
Backrath. . Shaver.
Tumor. I Martin Simas.
Eldred. i Eaton..
Hubert and Simas started on even
terms. Simas got a lead of a sixteenth
of a mile up to the fourth mile, but Hu
bert turned it over to Noyes something
over a sixteenth to the good. Noyes In
creased the lead to three furlongs. Payne
and Beagraves played even. Keddie. Ne
vada's pride, made the fastest mile of the
race— 2:2s— but gained nothing on Valen
tine in the relay. Stanley rode the fast
est relay of the race l2:sl% — and reduced
Moeller's lead to a furlong. Massey lost
a furlong, as '11*1 Shaver. Simas lost two
furlongs and Eaton recovered one, finish
ing nearly half a mile behind Eldred.
Total time— Sacramento. 2:17:33->i; Reno,
2:18:46%. -. 'V
Keddle won the quarter-mile and one
mile races in :31 and 2:19 4-5, respectively.
Eaton won the half-mile in 1:19.-5.
Freedman Releases Day.
NEW YORK, July s.— Thomas B. Day,
who has managed the New York Base
ball Club through the season, was re
teased to-day by President Freedmao.
Fred Hoey, the well-known trap shot,
was appointed In his place. Mr. Freed
man said Day did not get the desired re
sults out of the team. Hoey has been
traveling with the team for two years.
PnsßiiiP- nf n Piip-ilist.
MILWAUKEE. July s— "Con" O'Leary,
a pugilist, died to-day from Injuries re
ceived in a saloon row a few days ago.
Punched the Bartender.
Bob Wall, Frank Bee and Dave Cohn,
mail clerks, being shy on the retail price
of three drinks, went into a saloon at 423
Bush street last night and demanded a
"round" for 10 cents. Because the bar
tender, H. Foesten, refused to give him
whisky, Wall promptly punched his jaw,
and then retreated, from the saloon, at the
same time breaking two large plate win
dows in the swinging doors. Lee and
Cohn were arrested and charged with ma
licious mischief, j They were taken to the
California-street station.
DR. HOWELL
STILL CLEVER
AT THE OARS
Wins a Trial Heat at
Henley.
OUTCLASSES HIS OPPONENT
— *.
NOT ONCE FORCED TO EXTEND
HIMSELF.
*,
Argonauts From Canada Almost De
feated by the Dutch Crew in
a Challenge Cup
Heat.
a—
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HENLEY-ON-THAMES, July This
-was the second day of the Henley regatta,
and though the weather was beautiful
Henley on the whole seemed much less
crowded than usual on such occasions.
In the first heat for the challenge cup,
eights, the Argonauts (Toronto, Canada)
beat the Dutch crew by two feet. Time,
7 minutes 6 seconds. The Delft students
in the Dutch boat started very badly,
rowing 34, while the Argonauts got well
away at 40 and secured a lead of a length
before the Dutchmen knew where they
were. Above the island the Dutchmen
caught the Canadians, and led at Fawley
Court In . minutes 19 seconds 'by the
length of their forward canvas. Thence
there was a terrific struggle. The Cana
dians spurted again and again, and Just
as they leached the post succeeded in
getting the nose of their boat in front.
The time made Is considered very fast.
It is. the general opinion that the Argo
nauts had a narrow escape from defeat.
In the second beat the London Rowing
Club ben; the Thames Rowing Club by a
length and a half. Time, 7:25.
In the third heat the London Club beat
Railiol College by a length and a quarter.
Time, 7:11.
In the fourth heat Trinity College. Ox
ford, beat i-ton by a length. Time, 7:06.
In the second heat for the Thames
challenge cup, eights, the London Row
ing Club beat Trinity Hall, Cambridge,
bj three-quarters of a length. Time, 7:32.
The first heat of the race for the Thames
challenge cup was won yesterday by
Twickenham.
In the third heat of the Thames chal
lenge cup .first Trinity beat Pembroke
College. " i ",'
In the fourth heat Jesus College, Ox
ford, beat Twickenham.
In the fifth heat the Kingston Rowing
Club beat the Thames Rowing Club.
Kingston won by a length in 7:37.
In the second heat of the diamond
sculls, singles, Howell (American), Cam
bridge, beat Bright of the Argonauts.
Bright did not have the ghost of a chance
with Howell, who jumped off in the lead
and was clear of Ins opponent before they
reached the end of the island. Thence
Howell paddled ahead, increasing his lead
as he liked. ,*- '■'-;', ---'• , „
In the first heat for the diamond sculls
omnicide had a walkover yesterday.
In the third heat of the diamond sculls
Hemmerde, Oxford, beat Goldman of the
Argonauts. Hemmerde outclassed Gold
man The Oxonian started with a stroke
of thirty-four to Goldman's thirty-eight
and led before leaving the island. At the
rectory Hemmerde was a half-length
ahead and at Fawley Court, which was
reached In four minutes and one second
he was almost clear. Hemmerde steered
badly subsequently, but won by a length
'"in'the fourth heat of the diamond sculls
Blackstaff beat Box. paddling home a
length ahead in 9:04.
In the fifth heat for the diamond sculls
Thompson came in first, but owing to a
foul the heat was' given to Ashe. Th,s ,
heat was one of the most-exciting seen at ;
Henley. Thompson came in first in 9 min
utes 7 seconds, and Ashe claimed a foul
occurred near the quarter-mi c post. The
claim was allowed, though his announce
ment was received with universal hissing.
At no time in the race were the oarsmen
ever clear of each other. _.».,,
In the first heat of the stewards chal
lenge cup fours, the favorites the Ham
monla crew of Hamburg, beat St. George
Hospital by a length and three-quarters.
In the second heat of the stewards' chal
lenge cup Magdalen College. Oxford, beat
New College, Oxford. Magdalen won by
six lengths in 8:07. _«.„,
In the third heat of the stewards chal
lenge cup Balllol, Oxford, beat the
Thames Rowing club. Railiol won by
three lengths in 9:11. __,„• _
In the fourth heat Trinity College. Ox
ford beat the Argonauts by four lengths.
Time 7 52. The Canadians, handicapped
by their hard race for the grand chal
lenge cup were outpaced from the start.
The Canadians took their defeat In a
sportsmanlike spirit. They said the only
explanation was that they had met a bet
ter crew, adding "Trinity is undoubtedly
the strongest four we have ever encoun
tered.''
The crews started well together, both
rowing 38. But before reaching the end
of the Island Trinity College was clear and
won as the. liked. The half mile was
done in - minutes 41 seconds. Fawley
Court in 3 minutes 3 seconds and the mile
was finished In 5 minutes 1-1 seconds. "Won
easily " was the umpire's decision. The
umpire did not give the number of lengths
Trinity College won by. The Canadians
were cheered heartily.
In the first heat for the silver goblets,
doubles, the Thames Rowing Club rowed
over the course. Bolt and Steele of Trin
ity Hall, Cambridge, were scratched.
In the second heat for the silver goblets.
First Trinity beat the London Rowing
Club by a length in 8:51.
In the third heat of the silver goblets
St George's Hospital beat Calvert and
Es'combe of Trinity Hall. The St. George's
Hospital crew won easily in 9 minutes 11
seconds.
KILLING YOUNG FISH.
Ten Chinese Law-Breakers Arrested
Near Redwood City.
Several days ago the information was
taken to the office of the Fish Commission
that the Chinese shrimp fishers were at
work again in the lower bay. Over a doz
en of these fellows have been arrested
there within the past month, but still they
oersHt in the business, which is the
means of killing off till of the little fish
that get within the limits of the nets.
On Monday Deputies Davis and Cross
made a run in the commission launch
Qulnnat and near Redwood City two
shrimp fishing junks were discovered. In
a short time these were overhauled and
found to contain several tons of shrimp.
young sole and flounders. As there is no
law protecting the shell fish the .offenders,
ten in number, were charged with violat
ing the law which prohibits the killing
of young sole. ;..'•' v" - .
The Chinese were taken to Redwood
City, where each was obliged to give $30
ball for his. release. The Justice of the
Peace refused to ■ be bullied into reduc
ing the bail, and it is evident from his
expressions that he is in favor of the pro
tecting of the food fishes of these wa
ters. The time for hearing the cases has
not yet been set.
A Wealthy "Drunk."
C. H. Shaw, who is connected with the
Compressed Air Company of i*>enver.
Colo., was taken to the City Prison yes
terday afternoon from Kapp & Street's
saloon on Market street and booked as
"drunk." The saloon-keepers notified
the police as a precautionary measure,
as Shaw was carelessly handling money
and might get into bad company and lose
it. When searched at the prison he had
a hag containing $1320 in gold, and in his
pockets was $2 35 in silver. He had
drawn, it was said. $2000 from the bank
yesterday morning and that was all that
was left of it.
RACING,'
FIELD TRIALS.
WESTERN GOLF
PLAYERS SHOW
LACK OF FORM
Only One Remains
Unbeaten.
. — • —
HE IS M'DONALD OF CHICAGO
— ♦ —
CHAMPION DOUGLASS' PLAY A
FEATURE.
a —
Defeat of Walter B. Smith by J. G.
Thorpe the Surprise of the Day
at the Onwentsia
Grounds.
•— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ONWENTSIA CLUB GOLF GROUNDS,
Lake Forest, 111., July s.— Only one !
Western man now remains to battle for i
the amateur golf championship In the |
tournament at Onwentsia. To-day's ,
game saw the downfall of four out of :
live Westerners, who were successful in
yesterday's match games. Walter Fair
banks of the Overland Park Club of Den
ver was vanquished by 11. P. Toler of the
.Balturol Golf Club; D. K. Forgan went j
down before the prowess of Champion
Findlay S. Douglass; William Holabird
Jr., the sixteen-year-old player of the
Glenview Golf Club of Chicago, was
beaten by another Westerner, C. B. Mc-
Donald of the Chicago Golf Club, while
Walter B. Smith of the Onwentsia Club
runner-up in last year's tournament or ,
the Morris County Course, was defeated I
after a hard struggle by J. G. Thorp of
the Oakley Country Club of Cambridge, j
Mass. The playing of Mr. Douglass was
prominently the feature of the day.
The biggest surprise of the day was the
defeat ot Walter B. Smith, last year's ;
runner-up, by J. G. Thorp. Mr. Thorp, i
who was runner against Whlgham at
Shinnecock Hills in 1896, displayed par
ticularly good form during this tourna- I
ment, but Smith had been doing such
good work that he was picked to win over
his Eastern opponents by a majority of
the golfers present.
Judging from the attendance at the play ;
during the afternoon it Is probable that ,
to-morrow's play will be followed by more
lovers of the game than at any time dur
ing the tournament. The rain ceased tnis
afternoon and the sun and wind quickly '
dried up the course, leaving it ln splendid |
condition for to-morrow.
The results of the day's play were as
follows:
P. M. Harrlman, M<=«dowbro_k, beat Roder
ick Terry, Ard.ley, 2 up.
H. P. Toler, Balturol. boat Walter Fair
banks, Overland Hark, 2 up and 1 to play.
Findlay S. Douglass. Fairfield, beat D. R.
Forgan. Onwentsia, 13 up and 11 to play.
G. G. Hubbard, Oakley, beat J. A. Tyng.
Morris County, 5 up and 4 to play.
C B. McDonald, Chicago, beat William Hola
bird Jr., Glenview, 6 up and 4 to play.
W. J. Travis, Oakland, beat C. P. I.inea
weaver. Philadelphia. 3 up and 1 to play.
J. G. Thorp, Oakley, beat W. B. Smith, On
wentsia, 2 up and 1 to play.
John Reid Jr., St. Andrews, beat A. M. Rob
bins. St Andrews, 1 up.
ADVEBT__3__J_L__NTS.
HEALTH * —
DISEASE!
Are conditions on which depend pleasure or sorrow, happiness or unhappi- |
nt«-s success or failure. Health makes a man equal to any emergency. Dis- j
ease' makes him unequal to the ordinary duties of life ■
In seeking treatment for the cure of any disease, the following qualifica-
tion** should be taken into consideration: Ability, experience, skill and an
established reputation for' RELIABILITY! All of which are possessed by
DR. SWEANY, the old reliable and long established specialist, with offices
at 737 Market street.
DR. SWEANY CURES
Varicocele _*_^-®i_lsfe Rupture
Hydrocele <#^ '^^^a Rheumatism
Weak Organs Jp \> Piles
Nervousness Mm \ Blood and Skin i
Emissions _oß_r #&2&* __■___- w Heart
Lmissions -fflfci c-^^-s^^ #_55^M
Impotency Wk &?SX- E^'l Lun «
Lost Manhood y__ {*__) I L ' Ver
Gonorrhea Slfei* ,'_&_&&. I Stomach
Gleet i^m^^^^o Kidney
Stricture and &* .'.JBJ ,;;«■» „ ' adder and
syphin^ j. i iim^^m^ MnarY
Blood Poison Dseases
DISEASES OF WOMEN A SPECIALTY.
I take special pride in the success which has attended my efforts in the !
1 treatment nf diseases of women. Permanent and satisfactory cures in ail-
ments produced by abnormal or unnatural conditions of the female organs, !
ill ful menstruations, lrregulariUe.. barrenness, inflammation, hysteria, pain
'n the back and loins, neuralgia, dullness of vision, smarting pain and itching ;
of the parts, bearing down, leucorrhoea or whites and other • complaints !
i which often result in great prostration and nervousness.
Cl VrTRIfITY Static, Galvanic and Faradic Electricity scientifically used
LLLI-- 1 l%lv>- I I a and applied ln all its modern forms in conjunction with
I special medical treatment in all cases where it can be of benefit.
TREATMENT BY MAIL.
lA/DITC If you cannot call. Letters confidential, and answered in plain en- I
Will It veloj.es. Dr. Sweany has perfected the most successful home treat- j
ment known, and thousands who were unable to call at his offices have been
"red Sit their homes. CORES GUAR-NTE.D IN EVERY CABE ACCEPTED
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market Street, San Frantisco.
Office hours 9a.m.to 5 p. m., and 6:30' t0 Bp. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 j
p. m. When you call or write mention The Call.
_——^^^ BBBHB^S_______MBM__ , i T !_■_ r-__ _ . ——-__—-— -__---.,--■■■.. -->"-■--- ---- lr i 1M 7~_««»j aiL i llJU __
Hotel Empire THE WEEKLY CALL
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard) - „ Publishes the Cream of ♦__•
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK OT7. 5j News of the Wt<?k "« »•
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND °S
HOMELIKE MANNER. ©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE ©< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
OF 118 E C viS? E ' AND ©< ,T15T,18 rpTTw,..
«5FRViri J ,T IS T,IB BRST VVfcEKLY
»t.i.viw-:. ©( PAPER ON THB
ACCESSIBLE MODERN j J pacific coast
FIREPROOF. 3 \ — -
An Mtt-n-lv- llbrarj- ct choice llteratnr. **i.< * ne "■Si \ . / Mining
ju.t boen a,ld * k J Telegraphic \_/ News That
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING. cj Service oo y\. Is curat%
IvllKhtfully and Conveniently located, within O'i * Th© Coast / \& Up to lift*
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping __ J y • X •*■■»•
Centers. | 0\ X \^_
RATES MODERATE. ©< "~
American and Europ-an Plans. j Not _ Une of , t Sensations
Writ, .or *£%?**_>___ Illustrate., . , or Faky , and Not a Line « .
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor. I©< lt Dr * « Uninteresting,
JEFFRIES, THE
CHAMPION, DUE
THIS MORNING
: Boxes To-Night With
Alex Greggains.
—
TO SHOW HIS IMPROVEMENT
♦ —
EFFORTS BEING MADE TO
MATCH SPIDER KELLY.
♦
Billy Otts Agrees to Meet Him in a
Twenty-Round Bout if He Will
Weigh in at
133.
a—
James J. Jeffries, who wrested the box
! ing championship of the world from Fltz
; simmons, is due to arrive here at 9:.5 a.
! m. . to-day. The train on which he la
traveling, however, is five hours late, but
! it is expected that two hours of this will
[ be made up before the end of his Journey.
: He will be met at the ferry by a delega
-1 tion of friends and admirers, including
many sporting men of this city, Oakland
and Los Angeles. Accompanied by a band
of music they will escort the conquering
hero to the Palace Hotel, where an in
j formal reception will be held. •-'-'
A formal reception will be held at 8
o'clock in the evening, prior to the ap
pearance of the champion in Woodward's
Pavilion. "Jeff," as his familiars ad
dress him. will box with his brother
! "Jack" and with Alex. Greggains. .
For those who like a little hard punch
ing mixed with their boxing there will
i be three ten-round bouts, with Greggains
ias referee. He always finds a way to
i bring out all the pugnacity in a boxer's
nature and this occasion should prove no
exception to the rule. Jeffries' father will
'be present and Tom Sharkey, the re
i doubtable sailor, has also consented to
j appear and lend tone to the occasion.
The National Club has matched Jack
: Kane and Rufe Turner, the colored boxer
! from Stockton, for a ten-round bout on
i the 20th inst., when George Green and
Charlie Goff meet at Woodward's Pavil
ion. Kane stopped a man fully twenty
pounds heavier than himself at the San
! Francisco Athletic Club last Thursday
i night. He entered the ring without any
! preparation and made a brilliant showing.
; Turner has just leaped into prominence
: by defeating Cocker Tweedie, the marvel
i ous Australian boxer, at Stockton.
! Tweedie was apparently knocked out, but
experts at the ringside hold to the opinion
i that he feigned unconsciousness.
Efforts are being made to match Billy
, Otts and Spider Kelly for a twenty-round
bout on August 2 when Nelll and McCon
i nell again measure their skill. Otts in
! sists on Kelly posting a forfeit of $250
1 that he will weigh in at 133 pounds on the
night of the fight. It is expected this
matter will be arranged to-day.
Joe Kennedy has not had to wait long
i for a match, his services being in demand
iln the East. He has already consented
' to meet Childs, a clever colored boxer,
who ranks among the best of the heavy
! welkh*-s outside men in the championship
| class. They will box twenty rounds be-
I fore an Eastern club.
■-.':■■REPUBLICANS
READY TO OPEN
THE CAMPAIGN
Assembly Districts to
Elect Delegates.
BLANKET TICKET UNFAIR
• —
EVERY PRECINCT OF THE CITY
MAY BE REPRESENTED.
♦
Plan to Permit One District to Elect
Delegates to Represent Another
Is Not Accept
able.
—a
The Republican County Committee
will meet this evening and adopt a plan
to apportion delegates to the next mu
nicipal invention of the party. The
plan must be filed in th** office of the
Board of Election Commissioners be
fore Saturday night of this week.
A committee appointed early in June
to prepare a scheme of apportionment
was expected to report at the meeting
of the general committee Thursday of
last week, but owing to the conflicting
views of committeemen further time
was granted.
A plan known as the blanket ticket
» proposition is advocated by several
members of the County Committee, but
is not commended, by the great mass
of Republican electors. The advocates
of this plan propose that the names of
all the delegates to the convention
shall be placed on' one ticket, and that
the ticket be voted for at large by all
the Republican electors of the city.
Leading Republicans of th- various
Assembly ■■■,-;> object to the pro
posed method of apportionment on the
ground that it would deprive the dis
tricts of direct representation in the
convention. The call is informed that
the apportionment committee will re
port this evening, recommending a
large convention, nd that th- delegates
thereto shall be chosen by each As
sembly district voting for its own rep
resentatives. Under this plan Repub
licans of the North Beach section of
the city will not be asked to vote for
the delegates to represent the Mission
districts^ and neither will the voters in
the Western* Addition be called on to
name the delegates to represent South
San Francisco in the convention.
The committee considered the sug
gestion of giving each precinct a dele
gate, but it was deemed advisable to
recognize the Assembly districts as the
unit. In the nreparation of the As
sembly district ticket, the rights of the
respective precincts will no doubt be
considered. It is not possible to obtain
equal representation ,of Republican
strength on a plan giving each pre
cinct a delegate. It would not be fair.
from a party standpoint, to give a pre
cinct which cast only 100 Republican
votes at the last election as large a
representation in the convention as
that accorded to a precinct which cast
2 1 '") Republican vol at the same elec
tion. The same principle may apply to
Assembly districts. No doubt the com
mittee will report a plan to base dis
trict representation on the number of
Republican votes cast at the general
election last November.
The plan of giving each Assembly
district representation on the basis of
population may favorably commend it
self to progressive Republicans. The
prospects are that the people of the
city, without regard to political affilia
tion of the past, will turn to the Re
publican party to obtain municipal re
forms so much desired. The Demo
cratic campaign has already degener
ated into factional strife for the
spoils. Buckley, backed by the South
ern Pacific Railroad, is seeking to re
establish his political power in San
Francisco. The Democratic County
Committee of One Hundred is fighting
Buckley in every district, while Rainey
and Lawrence are scheming to get con
trol of the convention through inde
pendent clubs.
The non-partisans regard the new
primary election law as the product of
hossism in ties. They have taken
no steps to avail themselves of the good
provisions of the plan, but on the con.
trary have engaged counsel to assail
the law and invoke the courts to re
strain the Election Commissioners from
carrying out its provisions. Non-parti
san conventions in San Francisco are
usually composed' of Republicans who
want good government and Democrats
who want good offices. Henceforth it
may he best for Republicans who have
in the past given the non-partisan
movement its chief element of strength
to seek good government through Re
publican conventions created according
to the provisions of the new primary
law.
Democrats Enjoy Themselves.
The Thirtieth District Democratic Club I
held a largely attended feting last night
at Pythian Castle, on Market street. In
addition to speeches on the Issues of the
day .1 musical programme was rendered i
by local talent, and the serving of re
freshments added interest to the affair. I
H. H. Plant, president of the club, in- i
troduced the speaker of the evening. Ed
ward McCabe. present Building and Loan
Commissioner, who held the attention of !
his hearers by a stirring address. He was
followed by Major E. Lewis. Carl T. !
Spelling, Major \V. Fahey. and James !
Bowlin."all of whom advised harmony
and nidation. Songs were rendered
by Leslie Smith, Samuel Hoffmann .and j
Horace Tormey.
......
HONORED THEIR CHIEF.
A Reception to the Grand Chief Com
panion of the Companions of the
Forest of America.
Palo Alto Circle, Companions of the i
Forest of America, last evening tendered j
a reception in Its hall in the Alcazar
building to Mrs. Flora Jacobs, grand chief
companion of the order. There was pres
ent a large number of the members and i
many visitors from other circles, includ- |
ing Miss Alice Ticoulet, grand treasurer,
and Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Harrington and Mrs. M. A. Duke. ■
Miss Paul Aaron, chairwoman of the
committee of arrangements, expressed the j
satisfaction of the membership upon the
elevation of Mrs. Jacobs, who was the
organizer of Palo Alto, to the highest po
sition In the gift of the order, and there i
was a neat response from the grand chief.
after which there was given a programme j
of entertainment of music, songs, recita
tions and specialties, contributed by Miss
Pauline Aaron. Miss Gertie Berliner. Sol I
Elberg. Miss Nettie Harris, the honorary I
member of Robin Hood Circle; Joseph j
Levy, and remarks by Grand Treasurer
Miss Ticoulet. Mr. Barnett. R. Engel and
Past Chief Companion Mrs. Harrington
and Mrs. Duke, after which there was
dancing and icecream and cake.
~^
Catholic Truth Society.
A large delegation of the members of j
the Catholic Truth Society attended the
monthly religious exercises of the organi
zation last night in St. Mary's Cathedral.
The services constated of music by the
choir, singing by the congregation and a
lecture by Father O'Ryan, spiritual di
rector of the society. A large number of I
subscriptions were collected at the con-,
elusion of the exercises. Copies of the
interesting pamphlet prepared by Rev. J.
1' Mi Qua! late of the Holy Cross
Church of this city, narrating his expe
riences and observations while with the
Eighth Army Corps in Manila were dis
tributed to the congregation by the Cath- i
olic Truth Society. I
ROBINSON MAY
BE WHITEWASHED
BY HIS FRIENDS
Expected Action of the
Fourth Committee.
— • —
.
TO RECONSIDER EXPULSION
— ♦- —
FEAR THAT DEFICIENCY WILL
HAVE TO BE MET.
A
Work for the Fourth of July Commit
tee at the Next Meeting— Final
j Action of That
Body.
♦
Now that the Fourth of July celebration
of l*-i# has, with its acompanying din and
i roar and gala display of military pomp.
! passed into tory, the real troubles of
I the committee which had charge of the
I celebration have commenced. As usual,
j there Is impending danger of a deficiency
: in th- funds, and the members of th
executive committee are beginning to
! figure out where they can raise the neces
! sary funds to liquidate all their bills in
| case the possible deficiency becomesa stern
! reality. The bills were to have been au
i dited " for payment by the proper com
: mittee la.st night, but as only a few mem-
I bers of the committee presented tnem
! selves at the headquarters the meeting
i of the executive committee and the audit-
Ing committee was postponed until next
' Saturday afternoon. ,
It is stated by those who are supposed
ito wield considerable fiuence in the -x
ecutive committee that at the next meet-
Ing Colonel T. P. Robinson, who was ex
! pelled from the committee for alleged
| complicity with J. M. Chretien in an at-
I tempt to" extort $50 from A. S. Baldwin,
I will t<? exonerated and restored to caste
| in the committee before it adjourns sine
die. Robinson and several of his intimate
! friends claim that a majority of the com
mittee have signified their willingness to
pursue such a course for the reason that
the evidence against Robinson was in
sufficient and that he was not given a sep
arate and impartial hearing, as was
: Chretien. Several prominent members of
i the committee, including Chairman Flet-
I cher, believe that a grave injustice was
| done Robinson.
The presence of Robinson on the. stage
; at Metropolitan Temple and the zealous
i interest he displayed getting the various
! bodies in their proper places in the line
' of march was the subject of much com
i ment yesterday among the members or
i the committee, and others interested in the
i celebration. It seems that Colonel Robin
i son was invited by authoritative persons
j to assist the committee because of his
| absolute familiarity with celebration af
i fairs. _*_'-""''-'_
Much regret was felt by hundreds of
1 spectators along the line of march that
I the navy was unrepresented in the parade.
: Ii has now come to light that the parade
! committee had not neglected its duties
! but had sent a cordial and pressing mvi!
-! tation to the officers of the Philadelphia
to participate in the celebration.
When the committee was advised that
' th.- Philadelphia was coming to this city
' it wired Congressman Kahn to wire to
! Seeretarv of the Navy Long, which he
! did. through the courtesy of the Western
I Union Telegraph Company, asking that
j an order be issued that the Philadelphia
! remain in San Francisco harbor and* that
; the. officers and crew be authorized to
! take part In the parade. An answer was
i received from Secretary Long to the ,-._.
: feet that the Philadelphia had been or
! dered to Mare Island for necessary re
-1 pairs and that the vessel in all probability
! would not be in the harbor on the day of
: celebration. A cordial invitation was sent
to Rear Admiral Kautz, asking his par
ticipation and that of his officers and
crew. A reply was received to the effect
that 100 of the crew had been discharged
since their arrival in this harbor and as
the vessel was about to proceed to Mare
Island for repairs and there being nc
means for transportation at hand from
1 the navy-yard to this city for the remain-
I der of the crew the invitation could not be
j accepted.
Mayor Phelan and Congressman Kahn
i both * generously offered to provide th.
necessary transportation, but Admiral
i Kautz was of the belief that as the
j greater portion of the crew had been dis
| charged the remainder could not make a
j proper showing., and for that reason the
J invitation was declined and the United
j States navy was not represented in the
[ parade. .
WILL CELEBRATE THE
FALL OF THE BASTILE
FRENCH SOCIETIES PREPARE
FOR A DAY AT THE CHUTES.
Literary Exercises in the Afternoon
and Fireworks and a Ball at
Night.
The committee having charge of the ar
rangements for the French celebration on
July 14 met last night at the Cercle Fran
cais, 421 Post street, and accepted the pro
gramme drafted by the sub-committee.
The celebration will be held this year,
as usual, at the Chutes. It will be opened
with literary exercises at 1:30 p. m. and
conclude with a fireworks display and a
ball. Street cars connecting with the
Chutes will be run all night to accom
modate those attending the ball. The lit
erary programme is as follows:
Opening address, A. de Trobriand, Con
sul General of France; addresses in Eng
lish, Mayor Phelan and City Attorney
Franklin K. Lane; oration in French. A.
Goustiaux; French patriotic songs. Mrs.
Ellen Coursen-Roeckel; "The Star Span
gled Banner," Miss Tillle Sallinger; "Sa
i'ut a la France," Miss Licie Fichter;
"Marsellaise," Marcel Perron.
The committees of arrangements are as
follows: Finance— J. M. Dupas. J. I.am
bla. .1. Blum. K. Giraud, J. Merienne;
press— Edward Blanquie, S. J. Blum, X.
Mafret, Charles Chiebaut, J. M. Dupas;
Invitation— Dr. J. E. Artigues; E. Dupuy,
J. Auradou, J. Blum. Charles Greffe; lit
erary exercises— L. J. Blum, T. H. Gay,
Dr. "J. E. Artigues, X. Mafret, , J. M.
Chevanettel decorations and illuminations
- .1. Godart, Charles Greffe, J. S. Godeau,
A. Laplace, Charles Thiebaut; music— J.
Merienne. Edward Blanquie, A. Bosquet,
F. Boyar, A. B. Richet; reception— J.
Larnbler, M. Fuchs, E. Dupuy, P. Callou,
B. Sarthou. T. H. Lacoste; order— Bos
quet, E. Giraud, B. Sarthou, A. V. Richet,
1". Mazet; box office— Auradou, M.
Fuchs, P. Calou, A. Enure, A. Combata
lade; ball— T. H. Lacoste, A. Combata
lade, J. M. Chevanette, F. Mazet, J. Go
dart.
INVOKES POLICE PROTECTION.
Christian Merkei Lacks Physical
Ability to Cope With His Wife.
Christian Merkei, a piano polisher, re
siding at 1362 Minna street, called at the
Seventeenth street police station last
night with a crushed hat and abrased nose.
He wanted to see Captain Gillen in per
son. After being" shown into the presence
of that august official Merkei invoked po
lice protection from the onslaughts of his
wife. He stated that he had 'been in bed
when the wife of his bosom entered the
room* and with a glass saluted him on the
olfactory organ. Not content with this
demonstration of her affection, she danced
on his stovepipe and then waltzed out of
the room. In stating his inability to pro
tect himself he admitted that he lacked
the physical ability to cope with her and
was afraid to go home unless a guardlau
of the peace accompanied him. Being per
mitted to select a guardian. Merkei chose
Officer Edner as a man possessed of suf
ficient grit to hold his own against the
boisterous wife.
Diamond Ring Stolen.
Mrs. A. M. Bragg. 1218 Butter street, has
reported to the police the mysterious dis
appearance of a valuable diamond ring
from her jewel box a few days ago. She
suspects a Japanese boy employed in the
house who was discharged the day be
fore she missed the ring, but the police
have been unable to get any trace of him. j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
WILL ORGANIZE
AN AUTOMOBILE
FACTORY HERE
Howard P. Taylor the
Western Agent.
a
REPRESENTS BIG CAPITALISTS
— + —
WANTS TO INTEREST. LOCAL
BUSINESS MEN.
a
Former San Franciscan in This City
on a Mission for the Establish
ment of a Local
Plant.
"The automobile is coming; look out for
it," said Howard P. Taylor, manager of
the New York Auto-Truck Company, as he
greeted a few of his friends on the "line"
yesterday afternoon. Taylor arrived from
the East yesterday morning on a mission
| in which millions are involved, and he will
! remain here until November, laboring to
| incorporate a California automobile com
-1 pany, which will manufacture the horse
| less traction engine.
The New York Auto-Truck Company is
a corporation which has the wealth and
influence of some of the biggest financiers
and politicians in the East back of it. Its
stockholders and directors are Richard
Croker, Joseph Leiter, Joseph Hoadley,
Nathan Straus, Senator A. P. Gorman
and the Cramps o*f Philadelphia. These
men have organized no less than five big
auto-truck corporations, one for New
York, another for Pennsylvania, the third
in Massachusetts, which is to supply the
New England States with automobiles of
every description, the fourth in Chicago
and the fifth for California. The capitali
zation of the California auto-truck com
pany is fixed at $5,000,00- and Is organized
under the laws of New Jersey. Taylor is i
intrusted with the duties of operative
formation, and his trip to this State was
mad.- with the sole intention of complet
ing all necessary details to secure the in
terest of local capitalists in the new ven
ture. The Eastern stockholders have
promised to give their money and support
to a Western plant if $500*000 of preferred
stock will be taken up by local business
men. If this is accomplished San Fran- j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rmmm In the olden times it was nc
_____ -fell <-. uncommon occurrence
PC \iP_ (i *" or sent -i*-* ve - delicate
F :{~y -3 \L, women to be-be-
__rx*4 \S**SE>' headed for trivial
___\a] il or imaginary of-
__fjt] \\ fence«. In this re-
wFvJ \\ spect the world has
B&*33f 11 made great strides.
BSjUj \l Nevertheless, wom-
_WsW___ i - \\ c*_ still suffer death
yS3_g£_C^>x \\ t'i a slower and
E^-***'""" r^^f_ \\ more torturesome
__• ( r __\&_ __ ff***? *" orm » ano - * r ° r
• , -i^Lr &*£%<&& SH \ n o offence
jr"_. " ■ u^_S_£^j-Jr whatever, save
The woman
who suffers from weakness and disease of
[ the distinctly feminine organs, whether she
■ realizes it or not, is being slowly but surely
I tortured to death. She suffers almost con-
■ tinually with sick headache. She has pains
! * in the back, what she calls "stitches" in the
|- side and shooting pains everywhere. She
! experiences burning and dragging down
! sensations. She becomes weak, nervous-
; and destjpndent. She neglects her home,
i and is petulant with her husband. If she
! consults the avenge physician, there is not
i one chance in ten that he will hit upon the
I real cause of her trouble. He will attribute
| her bad feeling's to stomach, liver, heart or
I nervous trouble. A woman in this condi-
I tion should consult some eminent and skill-
I ful specialist who has had a wide experi-
i ence. Dr. R. V. Pierce, for thirty years
- chief consulting physician to the Invalids'
j Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
j N. V.. has. with the assistance of a staff of
j able physicians, prescribed for many thou-
! sands of women. He has invented a won-
derful medicine for ailing women, known
, as Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It
has stood the test for thirty years. It acts
i directly on the delicate and important or-
gans concerned in wifehood and mother-
' hood, making them strong and well. It
allays inflammation, heals ulceration,
: soothes pain and tones and builds up the
nerves. It transforms weak, nervous wom-
en into healthy, happy wives and mothers.
" I was an invalid for over a year with chance
of life." writes Mrs. C. Smith, of Orr, Cascade
Co., Mont. "Had pains across the pit of ray
; stomach and such extreme weakness I could
hardly walk. I took one bottle of Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and five of his 'Fa-
vorite Prescription ' and am entirely well."
MJ \\MBA)
KNIIJ-INGGQ.
103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
A Buy From Headquarters.
M BATHING
t-^fi^ Alpaca and C I E I T Q
Mm Knitted. OU I I 0
tjf" Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc,
|f ' We knit to order
*%f/f _ UNDERWEAR
.«__ __r In Silk. Wool and Linen
.-- .~*^?r^ Mesh.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue. Free.
Health is Wealth.
I .irvl BBAIIM
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL. ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS.
sold under positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agent 3 only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness. Wakefulness, _it_, Hysteric, Ouici.-
ness. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
dence. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive TJf o of Tobacco. Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $3; with -written cunrautce'to
core or reftind money. Sample pack-
age, containing five day.' treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. Ono sample only sold to
each person.. At store or by mail.
-f^SIV.2r ned *-<_.-l Special /£s&t
L-'f&B&i Extra Strength. §JfT-_**-i
tjgrß.d Label Loss ot¥@**-£r V\
Extra Strength. rt*r_»<*
For Impotency, Lo<-g oflW'-tfir',
I jfaifitlv Power.' Loot Manhood, X£l __Vf
V^JtJfi' Sterility or Barrenness... )%^i
51 « box; six for $5, with*|rj_v£a_
gg^i^fiKw-ritten KnaranteeslT»^^V
/o^ 7 __ to cure in 30 days. At stored j! V
BE FCRc or by mail. APTEB
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Bole Agts,,
114 Kearny st., San Francisco. ; '
clsco may have an automobile plant and
build its own silent and inanimate steeds,
compressed air serving as the motive
power.
The New York Auto-Truck Company is
dovetailed with the International Power
Company of New York, a corporation
which owns the exclusive patent-right to
use compressed air as a means of locomo
tion. The construction of automobile ap
paratus for the New York Auto-Truck
Company is the work of the International
Power Company, whose plant is situated
in Providence, R. I.
"For traction purposes auto-trucks are
Immeasurably superior to the old methods
of locomotion." said Howard P. Taylor
last night. "The time will come, and it
is not far off, when street cars, drays,
carriages and passenger coaches will use
compressed air for motive power. It is
cheaper, performs more work and entails
a less- expenditure of energy. "We are
manufacturing auto-trucks of every de
scription with a rapidity that means the
disuse of the horse as a beast of burden.
If local men take sufficient interest in this
matter San Francisco will have Its own
plant in the near future."
Democrats to Meet.
Scores of Democrats attended the meet-
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reachin- them, etc. When writing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitail.n of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED EY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
I complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. i__
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
OVER SO KIN PS OF MINERAL SPRINGS
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
. small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
! baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
: Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
I via Hopland, $..: via Calistoga. $0.
Hotel and cottage rates, Jlfl to $14 per week.
Take S. F. _. N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
s; P. R. R to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address ■'■ CRAIG.
Highland Springs, Lake County. Cal., or see
; L D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
I Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
; and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
| _
|» Look at Lick
X&fi and you look at Califor-
_£_% nla's greatest wonder
H_aß» 27 miles from Hotel Ven-
_^_f*W dome. Pan Jose.
fgS y Over mountain road
lia yJ of 365 curves. Trip
r*** jS arrangements made
j (J at Hotel Vendome. s
jojjSs GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr ,
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY V. HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
i natural bath in State; swimming and boating;
I grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph daily mail and express: FIRST-" LASS
: HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $3 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
' am. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or .12 a
j week References, any guest of the past four
year* Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year "unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
..../£TNA SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And locked the country over.
Till /Etna did their hopes fulfil, "
And there they lived in clover.
Apply W L MITCHELL. Manager. Aetna
spring** Napa County, or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' bldg., S. F. ; telephone Mint 1835.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ. CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the bench.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
Is located In the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, tine stone dining room; telephone oon-
ne-tlons, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL 1. AM-
ple accommodations in Hotel; also in new
cottages. Just completed.
V.IV.-*.. -**.. T. MOOHE.
BELVEDERE.
! . HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.
i A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
1 VALLEY; now open^for guests. For terms
I and particulars addTess MRS. M. I. LEACH,
j Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs: baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal. ____£'
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND Rus-
sian River, |% miles from Guernevllle.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms. $7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guernevllle, Cal.
_
MAGNET.C SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County. Cal.)
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a flrst-class summer and winter
resort. For particulars apply. to the manager.
I Round trip only, $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
ing of the regular Democratic Club of the
Forty-third Assembly District held last
night at California Hall. P. H. McCarthy
presided. J. W. Shanahan acted as sec
retary. Many new names were added to
the already large roll of members. Ad
dresses were made by Supervisor L. F. ;
Byington. M. C. Hassett. James P. Booth.
L. Shores, E. J. Foster, Judge A. D.
Lemon and J. D. Daly. The • following
committee on registration was appointed:
J. P. Booth, Hull McClaughry, E. J. Fos
ter. Charles De fleer and L. Heeb. An- j
other meeting will be. held next Wednes
day night.
Brady Scaled the Fence.
James Brady, who was doing six
1 months' time in Branch Jail No. 2 but j
! who had been transferred to the City and j
i County Hospital for medical treatment, ,
I took French leave yesterday evening by I
! scaling th. hospital fence. He was missed j
! by the nurse of the ward at 5:30 o'clock, !
and the Seventeenth-street Police Station '
! was at once notified of his flight. Captain \
i Gillen telephoned to the jail for a descrip
tion of him. with other particulars, but j
the official on duty simply knew "nothen" |
j further than that Brady was in for va
grancy.
< "Pass of the Oaks"— ]!
? twenty-five miles from i]
'j ocean — where the beau- J
ji tiful Salinas valley runs ,i
) into the foothills. Moun- i[
jl tain ozone makes health- i
'! ful atmosphere for the S
!' sick. )
i; Paso Robles
ij for Invalids.
ji Numerous cottages are S
i| dotted . about grounds )
Ji wheie invalids and con- ?
i| vaiescents in calm re- (
J 1 pose recover their wont- S
(J ed health.' )
'i Otto E. Never. Prop. City Office, >
i 1 Paso Robles. Cal. 636 Market st. /
■^Shasta Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS, SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
BISSON. • MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS. >
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
i PANY'S Ticket Office, 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
ff_ ■ !*_ R Ift #_ HOT springs - - Thls
__ffll--_- I V I I beautiful summer and
I HI-FI I _^> 11 '•"Inter resort. now
I lIS a I 9 I nifi %A owned and managed by
DR. .1 PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or "well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation, of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free, from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Sol-dad, thence seVen miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
information address .1. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralso springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st., S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated — neT*.- furniture,
beds, carpets, etc. The Table the .best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted an.i Improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
ing. Trains leave Third and Townsend sts.. S.
F., at 9 a. m. and 2:43 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to UXIAH.
thence by easy staging through Blue
Lake Pass. The most picturesqus
health resort in California. Round trip
$9.50. Rates— sB,oo. $14 a week.
J. Martens, prop.: city office. .16 Pine st.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
Clno County. Natural electric ■ waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct, from springs to
' bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
' Crystal Springs. Accommodations and -table
first-class. J. C. REDEMEYFR & CO.. Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer. '
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons.. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because lt Is clean, no poison oak. no pests.'
And pure air and pure water. . Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONB, Independence Lake. '
flBKRin Most beautiful spot In Lake
vAnL_>DAIF County. The mineral springs
i are famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations;
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County. _"
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting, and
fishing: artificial lake tor boating and swim-
ming; long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets, $2 SO; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood,
Cal. .
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS, CAL.— STRICTLY . FIRST
class; renovated throughout: lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
1 Proprietor. ">r : "
APPOINTING BOARDS FOR
PRIMARY ELECTIONS
THE. COMMISSIONERS COMPLETE
. HALF THE TASK.
| The Thirty-Second and Thirty-Sev
enth Districts Taken Up Last
■ • Night.
The Board of Election Commissioners
met last night and chose election boards
for the Thirty-second and Thirty-seventh
districts, to "serve at the -primary elec
tion August S. Those chosen were as fol
lows: ■'.-*_•■'■.-
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
■ Twenty-fourth Precinct— John B. Lewis Jr.,
\rthur Mullen. John Pallas, Republicans; John
E. Dillon, John . Coughlan, W. J. Renwick.
Democrats. __
Twenty-fifth— J. T. Whitten. Henry Lipman.
Au*fu*t -teinmetz. Republicans; Edward Gal
bally.' Patrick J. Kelleher. John H. O'Neill,
Democrats. __ "_ ■»____. ,_
Twentv-slxth— Peter A. Dunworth. V, infield
S. Whltton, Thomas F. Baker. Republicans;
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND,
3«4 Hours' Ride Prom Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won- :
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel antrllng. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. .1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
Of our -famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles. Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents, 621 Market st., San Fran-
cisco. ■*.•":, "-''■■■■. .•'<"-.'■■'• ■
-e-O-eo-e-c >o*o*»-o*0*»o-»-O*>o*»-C'»0'>
a '-.-.•"":/*■
♦ Take advan^g. ;
O Of the Round-Tri. _
♦ Tickets to *»
O O
? Hotel del Coronado. '.
o o
♦ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦ i
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel ; ♦ i
° if longer, $2.50 a day. ♦
0 Apply 4 .New Montgomery st, °
o San Francisco * ° i
♦ ♦
♦O-e-O-e-O-s-O-e-O-^O-e-O-s-O-^c-e-O-e-O-e-O-e- !
— —
T_e Placa for r\—\r*Tl A D__ In the rOOT -
REST and ORCHARD"™**
HEALTH SPRINGS JSSSa%
Plain Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery. Water, :
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send tor Booklet.
Addris- Crc-trd Springs. Chicago Park. Cal.
~ BYRO.** HOTSHKI>GS
*^->ir THE ONLY KNOWN
*•.. I a '" cure -"or Rheumatism.
.- '-?jf* , Business men go Salur-
- v ' ___*»'»'"■'— da **' 5:30 p. m. and are
.^-^ili. ■ in their office *-:4."i a. m.
i" ' -J_ ' -Monday. Address A.
' __s __S" 1 BETTEN'S. Mgr. Byron
_H _3 _■*_?• Hot Springs, Cal., or
.•>_.** "J-- — LOMBARD & CO.. City
'.-'.* Agency, room • 30, 22*_
*'•■■*■*.--.* **• Geary St.. S. F. j
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard. croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$9 to 51- a week. Round trip, $3 7.",. Stage
meet** morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co.. Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL LYNDON, I
LOS GAT OS.
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING; HAND-
some furniture; 50 outside rooms; every
modern convenience; electric bells and lighting;
perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly flrst-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious • free
sample room. LYMAN. 11. TOLFREE. Propr.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS,
Glen Ellen. Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished 5-room cottages; good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting; finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases In America:
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. c. O'Donnel. 1021',. Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
, SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY,
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs and contains it- own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NA.TURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate'; picturesque scenery: ■ mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort.
r«*.t'and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports'. Forty-five minutes from .
San Francisco. ' Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY, Proprietor.
/VIENDENHfILL SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT; 2000 FEET
above rea: stage connects with .train at
Live. more at 2:15 p. m. ; fare from San Fran-
cisco, $- 25; rates, IT 50 to $12 50 per week; half
price for children under 12 years old. For cir-
culars address DR. FRANK PITT. Proprietor,
Livermore, Cal
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
. . (Beswlck. Siskiyou County, Cal.) -
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. ■ Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A.M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT: ELECTRIC CARS
to beach. MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cm., Cal.
Joseph Gallagher, Eugene J. King. Thomas
Tierney, Democrats. .
Twenty-seventh— Frederick W. Kern. Louis
Schweitzer. Edward L. Wadham. Republicans;
Joseph M. Toner. Thomas Floyd, John H. Blair,
Democrats. : -'.»." - ■  _
Twentv-elghth— Charles F. Adams. Alonzo
Simmons. W. D. Getchel. Republicans; Law
rence McMahon. Democrat.
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
Fifty-fourth Precinct— John F. Grosbauer.
Alfred J. Rich. Philip Posner, Republicans:
Arthur Lichenstein. Thomas P. Tully. John
C. Cavanagh. Democrats.
Fifty-fifth— Patrick M. Gallagher. M. C.
Dunne James Goewey, Republicans: John Con
nor. Patrick H. Riordan, Charles Quinn, Demo-
Fifty-sixth— John F. C. Plagemann. Michael
Werthelmer, Charles Alpers, Republicans; Da
vid Klopstock. William J. Gallagher, John
Mt-urlx. Democrats. ;- " .. ....
Fifty-seventh— Samuel Creba. Robert McMil-
I lan. Charles O. Burton. Republicans: John W.
McCarthy. R. C. Rockwitz, Benjamin P. Wil
| bur. Democrats. J. • .
Fiftv-elghth— Barnett Lewis, James G. Boo
bar George W. Dixon. Republicans: Peter J.
Kel'lv, William J. Power. Democrats.
Fifty-ninth— Peter J. Joyce. Charles L.. Eb
wer. Edwin A. Mocker. Republicans; William
j J. Hatpin, Patrick F. Dundon, Slgmund Rosen
! thai. Democrats.
Sixtieth— Samuel J. Hendy, Joseph A Fa
-1 gorthv. Edward Ewald. Republicans; J. V.
; Cronan. H. B. McAboy. H. B. Cook. Democrats.
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK. BOS-
ton or intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH. NIAGARA
! FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic line
east of the Rockies. _
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER. NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CAT-SKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER. BERKSHIRE
t HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
, of the Interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash Is
; the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
clacks. White Mountains an.l New England sea-
! side resorts, because It Is the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for illus-
'< trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and
Sea " R. c. ("LINE.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R..
Los Angeles, *'al.
TO YOSEMITE.
! •TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
i i turn for "-" -ash. by Yosemite and Ray-
: •■ -nd Carriage Line, Limited. Address A. B.
i AN CAMPEN, Raymond. Cal.
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT ££& Gro4_
i and Pine Forests, Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healthful spot. Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties of fruit. Terms, ». per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa P. O.
HOTEL BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES. LAKEPORT. CAL. —
Large ground-*, new dancing pavilion, SOx
I 40; fronts Like 200 ft.: fine bowling alley and
| shuffleboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
; free- children's playground; good table: no Chi-
I nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
I cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two" or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
.1 LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma County,
oi apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F.. for
■ particulars.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
I tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. .* '". S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Lake
County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
SONOMA VALLEY. TWO HOURS FROM
S. F.. via Tiburon ferry. Warm mineral
swimming and tub baths. Water, gas, electric
. bells. Rates $10 to $12 per week. $2 per day.
; Address Aqua Caliente Springs. Aqua Callente,
I Sonoma County, CaL ".'•■'
LAUREL. DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT:
none better in Lake Co. ; gas Indoors and
i out. H. WAMBOLD.
MONTE VISTA,
IN THE SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
Now open. Come to the country for the aura-
; mer. Low rates. Send for or call at The
Traveler office for illustrated circulars. TH*
E. MORGAN. Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch
j Flax. Placer County, Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
At NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Rest rts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
I CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
THE iIOIA RETREAT f ,. m Gilroy. Spr'ins
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY, Gilroy.
Cal. '
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING, HINTING. BATHING:
fresh milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms. $7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale,
Cal. Free carriage.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
ON N. P. <". R. P.. THE PLACE TO GO
for summer: board or camp cottages; Sun-
day excursions. $1. For circulars address H.
G. MARTIN. Camp Taylor, Cal.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
SUPERIOR ACCOMMODATIONS AND
lowest rates via the " Valley Road" route.
For full particulars address JOHN MOSS,
Traffic Dept.. 321 Market St.. San Francisco.
BOG/". HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; pur«
mountain air; free boating on lake: prices rea-
sonable $** to $10 per week; special rates for
families. , W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
*/_*___• rrnyil'T'jP San Francisco to Chi-
V U^LITII I Li nese by railway.
Thence by Lufnsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. IS Montgomery st.San Francisco.
MANZ'ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or <)
rooms, with board good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortabl*
farm home to (■•> end vacation address F.
QUI EN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma County. Cal,
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Tha Call" visiting In.
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to then*
for a week or longer by prepaying for sams
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents. per Weefc
, 65 Cents per Month
• 4TOSTACE PREPAID.
56
C__/ *il !_* i^SrJL_F^s___^_^_^ f__L SSLU
THURSDA. JULY 6, 1899
_____ _
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F
Telephone Main IMB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stov.n.on Street
Telephone Main 1_74. •
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Term b .▼ Mfc.ll, Including Postace: ,
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year *"'£,
DAILY CALL (lnriudtnif Sunday Call), 6 months »•«"
DAILY CALL (Including; Sunday Call). 8 months 1-O-J
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 0 »*~
BI'XHAT CALL One Tear **^V
WEEKLY CALL One Year ■*-***'*'
All postma-ters are authorized to recelre subscription..
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ._ __ 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Munß&or Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Oreat Northern Hotel,
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -A.-* Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square!
Murray Hill Hotel. ___
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
v.". C. CARLTON. Correspondent. ■
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Adventure of Lady Ursula."
California— "A 'Midnight Bell."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
'I ■;<. .! "Shainus I ■ Brlen."
Alcazar— "Don _*-__■ de Bazar." and "Only the Master
Grand Opera House— "The Beggar Student."
A ha rubra "Puritant."
Chute. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, ■■'.■-■
AUCTION SALES.
„ ■ , ,
Bj Easton. Eldridge & Co. -Tuesday. July 11. at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 638 Market street. _________»______________-—-_--
SUCCESSIVE MONOPOLY DEFEATS.
THERE is a socialistic use of the conception of j
monopoly to which The Call can never sub- 1
scribe. But lor many years there In.-- been in
this State one monopoly, arrayed in various coiors
and antagonizing the people in all the ordinary chan
...-".-,rl-«__rr__ ... . , : • ' , ,*,V' :: " ; l -.1 v..
nels of business, which has been indelibly marked by
the [fish policy of Colli. P. Huntington. Whether '
il was lastened upon the nation, the State or the mu
nicipality of San Francisco and in turns or simul
taneously it has attached itself to all— that mono] |
has sucked the life blood ot trade, commerce and
manufacture, of all the sources of prosperity, and in
us methods, through its agents and by its influe
has degraded politics and poured the virus of cor
ruption into party management.
The sinister efforts of this monopoly to absorb the
wealth of the State and to escape from its just share
of the public burdens have been openly resisted by
The Call, not exclusively, but in a conspicuous sense, j
They have never been more concentrated nor bolder
than during the past year, and especially during the
first half of i^>j. It is a cause of sincere gratifica
tion tb observe that, during thirty years of perpetual
controversy, nearly all of which was literally forced
1 AT TT 1_ • 1 •
upon the people, Mr. Huntington has never within a
few months met with an equal number ot aeteats.
No matter what the future may have m store- for us,
whether the degenerate obsequiousness of the execu
tive may accomplish an act of treachery by the use of
the appointing power or by an extraordinary legis
f lat ive session, the exclusion of Dan Burns from the
'■■■■_ — - - ■■■•■-.■'.'
Federal Senate through the deadlock in the joint con
•vention was a disastrous break in the uniformity of
the Huntington dictatorship. It was followed, more- 1
over, by other monopolistic failures, that establish a
marked improvement in our municipal service, and
that are encouraging signs as the time approaches tor
the utilization of the New Charter.
■ ■ .. ■ .. ■
Such a wholesale scheme of plunder as the Market
Street Railway Company originated in' March last
has rarely been concocted. It is hardly too much to
say that it amounted to a demand for the surrender to
the street railway branch of the Huntington combi
nation of all the valuable rights, franchises and privi- ]
leges San Francisco still retained, and that, too, at a
period when atranscendently great future was dawn
ing upon us. The scheme, however, planned with the
utmost care and advocated with all the subtle in- i
genuity and disregard of principle for which the rail
road monopoly is notorious, was completely beaten.
Even the surrender of Mayor Phelan did not help
the supplementary robbery that was attempted when ■
the corkscrew line had been conceded. Mr. Hunt- j
ington failed to hold the members of the Board of J
Supervisors as his chattels. !
But this is not all. For once the inviolability of
a pledge has been acknowledged, and advancing pub
lic sentiment has exacted from all the municipal offi
cers rigid adherence to the dollar limit on an assumed
valuation of $350,000,000. The Assessor, too, has
reached personal property values to the amount, of
$34,267,078. or thereabouts, which have heretofore
escaped taxation, and of this large amount eighteen
millions or more are added to the valuations of street
railway companies and other corporate monopolies.
When such indurated offenders as the Market-Street
Railway Company and the Spring Valley Water Com
pany find the valuation of their personal property
more than doubled, and have no chance to escape
their reasonable share of taxation, either by manipu-
lating politicians or by litigation, without now dis
cussing the question of equalization, it is at least
proper to record another defeat for the Huntington
• -
combination, including its collateral relations and
some of its intimate friends.
The intention of the Assessors throughout the >
State, under th. advice of the Attorney General, to
include bonds of various descriptions in the personal
property valuation this year, is another step in the
right direction that is likely to produce some bene
ficial results. It may lead to the full consideration
by the Supreme Court of the meaning of our consti
tution when it provides in terms that, in this State, as;
in other States, all property of every sort, not exempt
under Federal laws, shall be taxed.
The outcome for a just and equitable enforcement !
of our system of taxation is .promising. When all !
property is brought into the light of day and none is
allowed to skulk or conceal itself, the primary basis
for just assessment, for equality before the law, is
established. The next element i- fair equalization, so
that the benefits may be equitably distributed. This
branch of the subject is now attracting general atten- j
tion and will bear further consideration. The Hunt
ington monopoly will be again in evidence before the |
tax levy is finally determined. But it now appears that
the people have some acknowledged rights that the j
municipal authorities are inclined to respect.
fIH ATTORNEY GENERAL IN FUSTIAN.
*~p^HE CALL had occasion within the last few days
Ti E comment upon some political references in
to comment upon some political references in J
* an official dispatch from Major General Otis, j
That kind of departure from military brevity and pro
priety was not wholly original. But the Attorney
General of the State of Idaho is surely entitled to the
credit of a new discovery.
It seems that, in the neighborhood of Wallace, in
Shoshone County, Idaho, for some years members
of the Miners' Union have been accustomed to decor-
I ate the graves of their dead, and to have processions
[ and speeches. Now, whether this custom originated
in some violence or breach of the law The Call does
j not -now, and for its purpose in this article does not
! care. The probability is that, as in most instances
j of antagonism between capitalists and laborers, there
was some wrong on both sides. The propriety of the
! annual celebration does not enter into the present his- j
tory. The essential point is that the Attorney Gen
eral of Idaho has assumed military functions and has
issued a proclamation -absolutely forbidding the ex
ercise' of a constitutional right, even by the wives
; and daughters of the members of the Miners' Union.
This distinguished functionary has determined that |
i the occasion of the celebration is criminal, and that '
even women shall not be permitted to pay any tribute
of respect to their unforgotten relatives, whose lives
! were at least surrendered to their conception of right.
Attorney General Sinclair is evidently a rival of
j Don Caesar de Bazan and of Bombastes Furioso. If
there is anything in the constitution or statutes of
; Idaho to invest him with the fustian dignity of a mili
tary despot, such a gross departure from the principles 1
' of American constitutional liberty should have been
I certainly pointed out. But there is no such law. In
Idaho, as in other States, when proclamations have a
; constitutional or a legislative sanction, they are issued
by the Governor. There, as everywhere else' in our j
i country, the Attorney General is simply the chief law
officer of the commonwealth.
General Merriam to a considerable extent has re
lieved himself from responsibility for the unnatural
conditions existing in Idaho. The military power of
the United States, on the assumption that the State
, was unable to deal with the situation, was properly ]
invoked to restore law and order and to insure the
' arrest of criminals. But, when this result had been :
obtained, the legitimate exercise of arbitrary author
ity#had been exhausted. The Governor, however,
acting as a partisan for the mine-owners and denying
! all the rights and privileges of citizenship to the
i miners, whether within or without the union, declared
I martial law. and a series of usurpations followed, for |
: which it will be difficult to find a precedent in I
. America s history. The story of the ''bull pen, the
■'•■■ •
] inhumanity to an .insane man, the wholesale arrests
j without warrant of law, the imposition of illegal and
despotic rules as conditions of employment, the hard, :
coarse, brutal usage of American citizens, so fre
: quently charged, have not been, successfully contra
i dieted, and, taken together, constitute a record that I
is ■graceful to the State in which it originated and
to every public official who has participated in this
manifestation of imperialism.
Nothing, however, has occurred in the neighbor
hood of Wardner so entirely incapable of _pologv or i
nation as the usurpation of Attorney General
Sinclair. His position as an exponent of the law
should have been an absolute guarantee that whatever j
other members of the State government might do he i
would stand for the rights of Ins fellow citizens in the
teeth of any imperialistic programme that might have !
been devised. But, as a matter of fact, he is the most
conscienceless of all the officials who have so readily
converted themselves into the pliant instruments of
aggressive capital, lie has ostentatiously and even '•
msultinglv defied the law he is sworn to maintain.
lie has deliberately accepted a position that identi
fies him with the Lilliputians who degrade their coun
try by their substitution of a "little brief authority"
for the equality and for the dignity of the law.
Tf.MMf.NY AND BRYf-N.
WITH it- usual lack of anything like a genuine
patriotism, Tammany prepared to turn the
Fourth of July this year, as in many a year
past, to an exploitation of Democratic politics rather
than of national independence and national aspira
tion. rhis time, however, the experience of the occa
sion is not pleasing to the leaders. It turned out to
be not a rally of Democracy, but a rally of the silver I
faction and the Bryanites, and those who were ready
to set the nation aside for partisan purposes found
themselves set aside tor factional purposes.
The meeting was notable for the absence of dis- I
tinguished men, for Tammany is rich and powerful j
and has a far-reaching influence, and as a rule her i
festal days are attended by the highest dignitaries in |
the Democratic ranks. Her sachems have been care- I
ful to invite them from every section of the Union !
and from every division of the party, and in times I
past the most eminent leaders have been ready to ac- ■
cept. This year, however, her invitations went I
a-begging. No Democrat of national importance
was present. Neither Cleveland, nor Bryan, nor Hill, I
nor Olney, nor Altgeld, nor Carlisle, nor any other j
man of eminence was there, and it fell to the lot of
second or third rate men to make the orations of the
day from the Tammany platform.
At the last moment it was found that the orator '
chosen to deliver the chief speech of the occasion !
could not attend, so ex-Governor Hogg of Texas was j
called upon to fill the vacancy. The Texan soon shook I
himself free from considerations of the Fourth of July
and from regard for the politics of his Tammany'!
hosts. He launched out in a wild uproar for free I
silver and Bryan, and was greeted with a responsive
roar, It seems the conservative Democrats of the city
had remained away like the leaders, and there was \
nothing but a Bryanite rabble in the hall. Hogg's I
speech was an immense hit. We are told it was an
swered with cheer after cheer of enthusiastic ap
plause.
The incident is the more significant because it is
well known the Tammany leaders have been for some'
time past seeking to find a means of eliminating
the silver question and beating Bryan for the nomi
nation in- 1900. It has been believed, moreover, that
progress has been made in effecting a combination to
that end. It now appears the Tammany organizers
have found difficulties in their way which the public
has not perceived. Why should Hill and Murphy
have been absent from the celebration? Why did not.
Gorman or Olney take advantage of the occasion to
furnish conservative Democracy with a new platform
and a new programme?
It seems evident the conservative wing of the Dem- !
ocratic party is hopelessly demoralized. It plans and j
plots and organizes, but never succeeds in making
a successful demonstration of strength in public. The
famous ten-dollar banquet on Jackson day was a
failure. The Bryanites by holding a dollar dinner I
drew the crowd, and, what was more to the point, they
declared a definite policy of action, while the Tam
many men showed themselves weak and undeter
mined. The silver demonstration on the Fourth of
July completes the defeat of the Tammany men.
They have a year in which to recover themselves and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
reorganize for the fight in the Presidential conven
tion, but if they expect to profit by it they must find
a strong, resolute leader to direct them. Under their
present leadership Bryan beats them at every turn.
A DISPATCH from General Otis, dated July 4,
notifies the President that the California infan
try and artillery will embark upon the Sher
man to return home. The transport was loading at
Negros at the time the dispatch was sent, but it was
added, "It is difficult to lighter transports during the
typhoon now prevailing," so there may be a day or
two of delay in the embarkation. In any event, how
ever, the Californians have closed their service in the
Philippines and ere long will be at home to receive
the welcome and the plaudits that await them.
Not all of those who marched away so bravely will
return. Battle and disease have thinned the ranks, and
in some homes there will be mourning while the State
at large rejoices.- The mourners, however, will not be
without consolation, for death is the heritage of the
race, and their loved ones have met it in the manner
which in all lands and in all ages has been ever re
garded as the most honorable. They have died for
their country and beneath its flag, and all that pa
triotic love and honor can give will be bestowed upon
their memory.
Fortunately the missing from the ranks will be
comparatively few. The regiment will return flushed :
with the honorable pride born of the consciousness of
a noble duty nobly done, and will find among their
friends and their acquaintances a true appreciation of
the difficulty of their service and its value to the re
public.
The campaign in the Philippines has been no holi. j
day task. Tropic islands, with their palms and pines, I
their sunny days and ' starry nights, their gorgeous j
flowers and luscious fruits, are beautiful in poetry and
romance, but to the man accustomed to the bracing
atmosphere of the temperate zone they are depress- j
ing. pestilential and dangerous. The air may be per- )
fumed with flowers, but it is laden with noxious va- j
pors, and from the waters of the still lagoons and the j
soil of the jungles alike there arise exhalations laden I
with slow death to whoever is not acclimated to them '
from childhood.
It is not possible to forecast with accuracy the voy- {
age of a transport ship across the wide sweep of the ;
Pacific, and consequently it is not certain on what ,
day the returning volunteers may be expected to ar- j
rive. In all probability about thirty days will be re- ;
quired for the voyage. In that time ample arrange
ments should be made to give the boys a welcome
that will show how true 'to them the hearts at home
have been during their service abroad. The recep
tion is to take place in this city, but men and women
from all parts of California should share in it. There
was a spontaneous outburst of popular enthusiasm
and pride when they sailed away, and now let the
welcome home be more ardent still.
CONDITIONS OF EASTERN FARMERS.
FARMERS of the Eastern States are making to
the Industrial Commission much more satisfac
tory statements than did the - planters of the
South. They have a larger capital to the acre under
cultivation, a better class of labor and larger home
markets, and by reason of such advantages carry on a
more diversified industry. Thus it comes about that
while the Southern planter complains of hard times
the Eastern granger seems fairly well content with his
conditions.
A summary recently given in the New York Her
ald of the testimony of New Jersey farmers before the
commission makes a remarkably good showing for
the rural industries of that State, notwithstanding the j
iact that the prices of farm products are less
than in former years, and labor costs more. A scien
tific treatment of -the soil has increased its produc- j
tiveness and better methods of farming have increased I
the output, so that while the development of railway
transportation has brought the West and the South
into competition with the farmers of New Jersey, the
latter are still able to make a comfortable living with
less work than was required to attain less of comfort
forty years ago.
According to the testimony the farmers of that por- '
tion of the country have good houses, horses, car
riages and farm buildings. They have pianos and
organs in their homes, and the opportunities for so
cial and intellectual enjoyment are far superior to
what they were in the last generation. Nor is it the
farmer only who has benefited by recent changes.
The farm laborer has profited as well as his employer,
and it was noted that throughout the State there is j
a general tendency to shorten the hours of the work
ing day on farms as well as to increase the pay.
On one point, however, the farmers agreed in com- |
plaint. They assert with positiveness that the qual
ity of farm labor has declined since they were boys. !
The young men of the rural districts do not remain to j
work on the farms, as was the custom of the former
generation. They go to the cities or to the West, and I
the farmer has to content himself with a much lower
class of workers than was at the service of his pre- ;
decessor before the war.
A complaint of that nature is not surprising. From ;
the beginning of the age of civilization that brought
about between men the relation of employed and em
ployer there has been dissatisfaction on one side or
the other. The servant girl problem perplexes the
housekeepers of every land and every age. and the
farm boy problem harasses the farmer. Despite the
complaints now made of farm labor it is quite prob- j
able that it is equal to if not positively better than it |
was a generation ago. At any rate, if the farmers of ;
the East have no other complaint to make than that j
of employes, they are not worse off than the people of
the cities.
While Los Angeles entertains. the educators of the
nation, San Francisco welcomes the agricultural ex
perts, and the situation is perfectly proper — we need
to learn something about rural industry and Los An
geles is in need of book-learning.
It's pretty near time that the Reichstag Jet go its
attacks on the American hog and pay some attention
to the German canine. Nineteen families at Ingbert,
in one of the Rhine provinces, were poisoned re
cently from eating sausages.
From the record thus far made by the Columbia it
appears we might as well begin to celebrate the com
ing victory over the Irish challenger— Shamrock
is virtually ours.
Senator Jones of Nevada, although not a racing
authority, says that the odds are sixteen to one that
the Democratic slogan for iooo will be "Bryan and
Silver!"
Two fatalities are reported in all the United States
as a result of the last Fourth of July celebration.
That's nearly as cheap as a Filipino victory.
If Benjamin Ide Wheeler does not see in the pres
idency of the University of California any power
that he wishes, will he please ask for it?
CALIFORNIA'S OWN.
HIS FRIENDS
INTERCEDING
FOR WELBURN
Representations Made
to Attorney General.
TO HAVE THE CASE DROPPED
— • —
U. S. ATTORNEY COOMBS WRIT
ING HIS REPORT.
♦
He Will State All the Leading Facts,
but Will Make No Recommen
dations Whatever in the
Matter.
— — — —
' United States Attorney Coombs pre
pared yesterday a statement to the At
torney General on the Welburn case for
the Information of the Department of
Justice. He simply recites the facts of
the two trials of Welburn, his acquittal
on the first trial, the disagreement of
the jury* on the second trial and the fact
that eight of the jurors on the second
trial were for acquittal. He also gives
his opinion to the Attorney General as
to the causes which have operated in
Welburn's favor, notwithstanding the
strong case made against him by the Gov
ernment; but he makes no recommenda
tion as to the future disposition of the
case.
Said Mr. Coombs yesterday: "I am re
porting all the incidents of the trial un
der a former administration of this office
and of the second trial conducted by my
self because it is a matter of considera
ble magnitude; and I desire the depart
ment to have a full realization, as far
as I can give it, of all the issues and side
issues connected with it. But I am not
making any recommendations."
' It is reported that the friends of "vv el
burn are making representations to the
Revenue Department and to the Depart
ment of Justice to the effect that it will
be impossible to secure his conviction, the
case on the second trial having been pre
sented as strongly as possible on behalf
of the Government; and thai no stronger
case can be made out. They allege that
the sentiment of the community is in
sympathy with the accused, and suggest
tliat he has been sufficiently punished by
being made an outcast and by the dis
grace brought upon him by the charges
made against him.
IN THE GAY WORLD
OF THE
"BEGGAR STUDENT"
THE Beggar Student" at the 'Grand
Opera-house is beautifully mounted
and well acted. I say "acted" be
cause there are not wanting the cu
rious who. being met at the door with
dialogue and kept hobnobbing with it
through the better part of the evening,
wonder what is to be the ultimate evolu
tion of the opera part of comic opera.
So much conversation not too distinctly
articulated keeps the tympanum on a
stretch and makes one repeat the homely
saw that "when people undertake to sell
you milk, it is milk they want and noth
ing else." Don't mistake me. The even
ing's entertainment is a good one. This
is conclusively shown in the well filled
houses and generous applause, but I do
find the unnecessary conversation a bore.
The composer has not handicapped him.
self frith any heavy plot. You find your
self merrily and pleasantly overlooking
the ings of a set of people whose wide
departure from the established ways of
living lifts you well out of the humdrum
of daily existence. There Is no eight
hour labor problem with them; no years
of fashionable flirtation fore marriage;
no sorrows that stay long enough to try
the soul. Their morality takes the unique
stand that if you can't even pay for
bread you are about to order at the tav
ern, why not call for champagne and
birds and "hang the expense"; they de
cline to have a band in any of the real
business of life and you know they would
have only to turn on their heel to be
come President. The music, when it hap
pens, is melodious and well rendered. The
role of the stud. is a grateful one for
Mr. Persse, and he holds the sympathy
of his audience without interruption. His
solo in the third act Is conspicuous for
the beauty of ids covered head tones, but
in the duets, to my regret, he oversings
Miro Delamotta. whose notes one cannot
afford to lose. When Mr. Wolff plays the
part of an officer, either foreign or na
tive, past century or up to date, some
thing- in the uniform casts a spell over
him and he is "the same yesterday, to
day and forever." It is worth while not-
Ing this. because he is a versatile, capa
ble actor, and does not need to fall into
such an error. Miss Mason -sings with so
easy a method and has such a natural
way of sitting down occasionally on a
comfortable sofa and telling you her joys
and sorrows without gesture that you
never feel uneasy in her presence. Miss
Thorn appears upon the scene for all the
world like "Puss in Boots," and becomes
to her family what he became to his mas
ter, matchmaker and general fortune
promoter. There is a beautiful flow of
color in the costuming, a touch of nat
uralness in the movement on the tavern
balcony, but too much facing the audi
ence in the ensemble grouping, except at
the end of the second act, where they
sing the old familiar waltz movement.
Here they are beautifully placed. The
drill to Sousa's "Stars and Stripes" made
a patriotic and graceful climax and won
a round of applause. -".
A fine production of "Carmen" is prom
ised next week, and this consoles one for
the frugal diet of a single song Miss Ladd
offers in "The Student."
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Examiner Rot.
The Examiner of Sunday is made
ridiculous in this county by a nincom
poop and ghoulish contributor who pre
tends to | give a sensational write-up in
regard to ex-Treasurer William Jackson
and his son, recently slain in battle in
the Philippine war. As a sample of the
rotten statement made in the article,
which is illustrated by alleged photo
fraphs, the scribbler speaks of the elder
acKson as a "survivor of the Civil War,"
who "lost an arm and gained a record
for splendid service in a company that
went into Dixie from the North." and as
a "Grand Army veteran who had been
disabled while fighting for the flag." The
fact is that Jackson never put on a mili
tary uniform in his life, never enlisted in
the Government service, was not outside
of Shasta County during the rebellion,
and he lost his arm through the ac
cidental discharge of a gun, which neces
sitated amputation, years after the cruel
war was over—Shasta Courier.
Trje Nun of Kenmare.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cai.. July 3. 1899.
Editor of- the Call— Dear Sir: In your
notice on June 8 of the death of Miss Cu
sack, known as the "Nun of Kenmare,"
It is stated that "Some years ago she left
the Catholic church and sent a public res
ignation to Pope Leo XIII: later she. was
reconciled and died in the faith of the
Catholic church." As you have evidently
been misinformed, and in the interest of
truth, I should be much obliged if you
would publish the following facts: Al
though It Is quite true that Miss Cusaek
left the Roman communion, she was
never reconciled to that faith, and was
attended during her last illness by the
Rev. J. G. Gregory; the evangelical and
Protestant Incumbent of Christ Church,
Leamington. Her funeral took place at
the Protestant cemetery in Leamington,
and the service was conducted by the
Rev. G. E. A. Pargiter (vicar of St.
Paul's^ and the Rev. J. G. Gregory. Yours"
truly, ' T. W. COWAN.
Patriotic Offenders.
The patriots arrested Tuesday for fir
ing off revolvers appeared in the Police
Courts yesterday, and as a rule the
Judges were lenient and discharged them,
as they had only been firing blank cart
ridges. Those who were convicted will
be sentenced this morning. Charles Gun
ter was foolish enough . to .tell Judge
wn that he would not sell his r «J2 iV t %
but would shoot ducks with it ana tne
Judge convicted him.. The police seized
altogether over 100 revolvers and two
brass cannon.
AROUND THE'
CORRIDORS
Dr. N. Green of Watsonville is at the
Grand.
E. R. Cowles, a capitalist of New Tork,
Is registered at the Palace.
Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan Is
registered at the Palace with his wife.
Dr. L. P. Hall, one of the leading physi
cians of Dixon, is a guest at the Grand.
George R. Whitcomb, a wealthy mer
chant of St. Paul, is a guest at the Palace.
George P. Bent, a prominent Chicago
manufacturer, is registered at the Grand.
Among the late arrivals at the Grand
is J. Thomann, a vlneyardist of St.
Helena.
Captain H. E. Noyes of Aqua Bua Hot
Springs is one of yesterday's arrivals at
the Lick.
H. H. Blood, one of the leading attor
neys of Virginia City, Nev., Is a guest at
the Grand.
J. H. Dakin. a wealthy mine owner of
Shasta County, is one of the late arrivals
at the Palace.
Captain A. Mordecai, U. S. A., is regis
tered at the California, where he arrived
with his wife yesterday.
Another delegation to the convention of
Agricultural Colleges arrived in the city
yesterday and registered at the Occident
al. It numbered about forty.
4-$ <*>-f A • gentleman
<S> <& who arrived on
WANTED AN the 9 o'clock over
land last evening
OLD at the Palace
walked up to the
RESIDENT. I desk and said to
** ,_£ clerk, "Can you
"*" ! r7~ tell me where I
can get bartered ?"
"Just go out to that corridor," replied
the gentleman of registers and rooms,
"turn to your right and you will come
upon the business office of the hotel's
tonsorial artist."
"I was there," replied the traveler, "and
the place is closed. Can you direct me to
another?"
"I am sorry," replied the clerk, "but If
that is closed I am afraid you will find
nothing open in the entire city."
Whereupon the traveler began to softly
curse San Francisco and all pertaining
thereto. .Another gentleman, who was
leaning against the desk witnessing the
agony of the first speaker, cut in and
said: "Pardon me, sir; but would you
take a little advice from a stranger?"
"No," answered he of the troublesome
beard, "to the devil with strangers. I am
one myself. hat I need now is an old
resident, or nothing at all."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 5.— N. B. Bailey and
John T. Mitchell, of California, and Ed
C. Wagner of San Francisco are at the
Imperial* F. F. Styne of San Francisco
Is at the Marlborough; Henry R. Turner
of Los Angeles Is at the Hoffman; T. R.
Handy of Oakland is at the Fifth Ave
i.tt**.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July Miss Zoe W.
Fiske. teacher of art in the Leland Stan
ford Jr. University, is spending a few
weeks with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A.
S. Flake.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CLIPPERTON ISLANDS— C., Oakland.
Cal. For information in relation to min
ing guano on the Clipperton Islands and
the shipment of the same communicate
with Macondray & Co. of this city.
NEWPORT TRAINING SCHOOL-J. G.
S., Mount Olivet, Cal. For information
relative to the training school at Newport.
R. 1., address a communication, stating
clearly and concisely what Is wanted, to
the commandant of the naval station at
that point.
A LANDLORD'S RIGHT— N. G., City.
If a tenant is in arrears for his rent, a
landlord has the right to use all the le
gitimate means to collect what is due
him. The other points in your letter of
inquiry ought to be submitted to an at
torney". This department will state what
the law is. but does not give an inter
pretation of the law as applied to alleged
facts.
THE MARQUETTE STATUE — W.,
Philo, Cal. A statue of Father Mar
quette, born in France in 1637, died near
Lake Michigan May IS, 167, a Jesuit mis
sipnarv and explorer, was unveiled in
Statuary Hall in the Capitol at Wash
ington, D. C, on the 29th of February,
18-6. It was offered as a gift from the
State of Wisconsin to the National Gov
ernment. There was some opposition to
the statue being placed in the gallery,
and the day of its unveiling a joint reso
lution was introduced in the House by
Representative Linton of Michigan to re
turn it to the donors. On the 29th of
April following the gift was accepted by
the Senate with eulogies on Father Mar
quette by Senators Vilas and Mitchell of '
Wisconsin, Kyle of South Dakota and !
Palmer of Illinois.
TO CORRESPONDENTS— The depart
' ment of Answers to Correspondents can
: not undertake to print answers on a cer
: tain day. So many questions are received
that each answer is numbered consecu
: lively and printed in the order in which
iit is sent in. Those correspondents who
| are anxious for an immediate answer
■ should enclose in the le-ter of inquiry a
stamped and self-addressed envelope, and
' the answer,, as soon as it can oe ob
i tamed, will be sent by mail. Correspond
ents should also never neglect to write
the name of the p[ace from wnich the let
ter is sent, as sometimes the postmark is
indistinct and it is Impossible to deter
mine where the letter came from. A few
days since a correspondent _■ nt a commu
nication With reauest for an immediate
reply, signed it with full name and ad
dress. "-'39 Willow street," and inclosed a
' stamp, but neglected to give the place
i from which the letter was sent. The post
■ mark being enough to kill the stamp, but
not clear enough. to show the name of the
Elace, the Information asked for could not
c sent by mail.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS * MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL." .
BELTING, FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I P -lr-firN Manufacturer of Benin* nnd lAS RfIYFS &CA Snipping Butchers. 1M
L. r. HIE-) Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- ___\ ■P lll^* 3 tt W M Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
6 ion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. " ~_; - — - — .
Z_ _ ' HARDWARE.
BO LER MAKERS. Y >A } r t?^^!St^rP t^?\. I™]1 ™]? 0 * I***1 *** and *°«»J-
-■ ers ln hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 75 ♦
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ~ IW>W FO , NDBRS - *—
W. J. BIU.DY. Proprietor. Western it.,... „ Morton S Hedlev. Praa^
_._*„. I western Foundry Morton & Hedlev. Pr«-._
Special Attention Paid to Repair, and Ship j 234 Fremont St. Castings or Every Da.
or " j scrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black i*.*.*.*
Office and Wo_k_--113-115 MISSION ST. I — *- ack 1505 '
Telephone Main 60-5. ._% :' PAPER DEALERS.
; — WILLAMETTE p % p and paper co..
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. II ll.unHIL II L 722 Montgomery Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.. _ _ „™™_F~~^ *
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. __\ C* jf __ __ jj -^S.sn San._£? .treet.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. : ~ —
___ . ~ THE HICKS-JUDD fft Printer.. Book-
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON. IUL 1I1W&- AVUV^JM^. _*„__„. 23 pimst.
J. C WILSON & CO.. STATIONFR AND PRINTER.
WOO BATTERY STREET. " * '^'PARTRIDGE __.£?{
_t_____ Maln ""• " WAREHOUSEMEN. ~ "
COPPERSMITH. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
' JOSEPH FOX. Ban. H..BLTTH. -kit-. Forwarding Agents and public Weigher*. Qen-
... __r_f .*_-_. _upt. H. KLTTH. Mgr. , era l Storage. Fre. and Grain Warehouses <_e_-
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing. "Steamboat ! eral ofnc --'- -fl*> California st. Tel. Main 1914.
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 »_._,,--_- ... _.„ . " "
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. ; VV Hi 1 t ASH STEAM COAL,
: r ■ Mined by tha
DRUGGISTS .WHOLESALE). BLACK DIAMOND . UAL MINING CO. at Its
REDINGTON &CO Se^-^ s ___!__»_ - ff^i."™ ffSSggg
11-.UIIIUIUH OO UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4 i Otflce and Yard*— Main tttraic
BEATEN ON
THE HEAD WITH
A REVOLVER
Policeman D. W. Boyd
in Trouble.
— ♦
BRUTALLY TREATS A CITIZEN
— • —
CONTRACTOR DAVID R. PERRY'S
SCALP OPENED.
•
The Two Men Had Not Been on
Friendly Terms for Years and
Perry Was Wanted on
Bench Warrants.
Policeman David W. Boyd, who is at
tached to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society,
will probably have to appear before the
Police Commissioners for his conduct to
ward David R. Perry, the contractor and
builder, while arresting him yesterday
afternoon at Larkin and McAllister
streets. At least ten witnesses will come
forward and testify that Boyd used Perry
in a brutal and cowardly manner.
Perry failed to appear in Judge Mogan'a
court yesterday morning when his name
was called to answer the charges of dis
turbing the peace and exhibiting a deadly
weapon at a restaurant on Stockton street
on Tuesday morning. He had been re
leased on his own recognizance by Judge
Treadwell. Judge Mogan issued bench,
warrants for his arrest and made an or
der that no bail should be accepted.
Boyd knows Perry well, as he claims
that Perry built a house for him some
years ago and considerably overcharge*!
him for extras. Since then Boyd has not
been friendly disposed toward Perry, we
knew that Perry was arrested on Tuesday
morning, also that he failed to appear
yesterday morning and bench warrants
were out for his arrest. .
Perry was at the southwest corner or
Larkin and McAllister streets yesterday
afternoon, when Boyd saw him. Boyd
promptly grabbed him and, pulling ms
revolver out of his pocket, struck Perry
on the head with it. knocking him down.
He pulled him up and continued to strike
him on the head with the revolver till
some bystanders interfered and further
brutality was stopped.
Perry, with the blood running down his
face and neck, was taken to the City
Prison, and, after being booked, was sent
to the Receiving Hospital, where two
wounds in his scalp were stitched and
dressed. He had also several abrasions on
his scalp. He was then locked up in the
P Boyd said that when he grabbed hold of
Perry he made for him and he pulled out
his handcuffs to defend himself, as Perry
was crazy and might have had a gun. as
he had the previous morning. He simply
hit him on the head with the handcuffs
to keep him in subjection. Later Boyd ad
mitted that he did not use the handcuffs
but his revolver. .*- :.'.
Ed Smoot, the saloon-keeper on the cor
ner went to the hospital to see how Perry
had fared. He was indignant at the treat
ment to which Perry had been subjected.
"If the officer had been arresting an ox,
he said "instead of a human being he
could not have acted in a more brutal
manner. I did not see the beginning of
the fight, but I saw Boyd pull Perry up
from the ground and smash him on the
head with the revolver. All the time Per
ry had his hands up. crying, 'Don't strike
me; I'll go— l'll go.' It was an outrage,
and ten reputable business men who saw
it came into my saloon and left me their
names and addresses, saying they would
willingly come forward and testify against
the officer." • '
Perry denied that he offered any resist
ance All that he did was to wheel around
to see who had grabbed him by the shoul
der, and Boyd commenced to use his re
volver. "I had reasons," said Perry, "for
not being in court this morning, and
called to see my attorney, Archie Camp
bell, about it. He was not in, and I had
reached the corner when Boyd grabbed
me."
Two Buildings Burned.
Ten minutes before noon yesterday a
fire broke out in the premises at No. 2137
and 2139 Jones street, and involved the
adjoining building, No. 2140 Jones street,
occupied by Mrs. Bridget Manning. It
was an hour before the fire department
was able to subdue the flames owing to
the inflammable nature of the buildings.
The damage is estimated at $3000. The
buildings are the property of the Burke
estate and R. Magner.
On the previous evening Cornelius Man
ning, the depraved son of Mrs. Bridget
Manning, threw a lighted coal oil lamp at
his mother and seriously burned three vis
itors.
Willie Lynch -Paralyzed.
Mrs. Mary Lynch. 166 Clara street,
mother of Willie Lynch, who was struck
on the head with a club thrown by Officer
Renville, obtained a warrant in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Charles Anderson and his wife Kate,
next-door neighbors, for disturbing the
peace. She said her boy is paralyzed and
cannot get any rest from the Andersons,
who are always raising a row and knock
ing against the wall of the house-
glace fruit BOc per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Deserted by His Wife.
J. F. Townes filed suit yesterday for a
divorce from his wife, Pauline E. Townes.
The plaintiff alleges desertion as a causa
of action.
On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rate of $76. Occasion annual meeting of
the Epworth League. Get full particulars at
the Santa Fe office. $_S Market street.
Persons afflicted with dyspepsia, diarrhoea or
colic will find immediate relief and sure cur«
ln_Dr. Siegert's Angostura. Bitters.CONVENTIONS GATHERING on the PACIFIC COAST
CONVENTION OF
AGRICULTURISTS
STARTS WORK
The Mayor Welcomes
the Association.
MADE AN HONORARY MEMBER
— ♦ —
MUCH WORK IS AOCOM_PI_IS3EEED
AT THE SECTION MEETD-QS.
President Armsby Delivers His An
nual Address at the Night Ses
sion Secretary of Agricul
ture's Congratulations.
-V
—HE thirteenth annual convention of
1 the Association of American Agricul-
THE Colleges and Experiment Sta
itlon of American a.
'Ural i u_d Experiment Sta
-1 tions began yesterday morning in the
" Academy of Sciences hall. The meet
ing was called to order shortly before
10 o'clock by President Henry P. Armsby
of Pennsylvania. Mayor Phelan occupied
a seat upon the rostrum to the right of
the president, while upon his left was
Henry H. Goodell of Massachusetts, chair
man of the executive committee. Presi
dent Armsby annouhcsed that the conven
tion would be formally opened with
prayer, which was offered by Second Vice
President Charles S. Murkland of New-
Hampshire. Before any business was con
sidered the president Introduced Mayor
Phelan, who upon the part of the State
and the city of San Francisco welcomed
the members of the convention.
He said: "Gentlemen of the Association
of American Agricultural Colleges and Ex
periment Stations: We of San Francisco
are pleased to welcome you. We know
!that San Francisco is far remote from the
great educational centers, and there
fore we feel the compliment paid to us
by your association coming such a great
distance for the purpose of holding its
deliberations. A programme has been ar
ranged by which you are to be shown our
State. You are to be taken through the
Sar.ta Clara, Santa Rosa, San Joaquin and
Sacramento valleys. You will see our min
ing, grain and horticultural interests. I
know what your judgment will mean to
the State, and we invite it in the interest
of the State. I trust that your sojourn
here will be a pleasant one, and I heartily
wc-U-ome you to San Francisco."
President Armsby responded. He said
that the members of the association were
deeply grateful to the Mayor for his wel
come. "We. have heard much,' continued
he, "of California, the empire State of the
West and we anticipate with pleasure
our inspection of it. We accept your wel
come in our representative capacity, for
we have come to see and examine your
resources, of which we have heard so
much. What little we have seen of the
State has been far beyond our expecta
tions :! nd 1 can assure you that we shall
make known throughout the country the
tilings that we find here." . v ,
At the conclusion of President Armsby _
response First Vice President Joseph E.
Stubbs of Nevada, moved that Mayor _ he
lan be elected an honorary member ot the
association and invited to participate in
the deliberations of the convention. I tie
motion was unanimously carried, and the
Mayor briefly thanked President Armsby
for,* the honor conferred upon him by the
association. _ .
The roll call by States was the next
business, after wnich the convention re
ceived the report of the executive com
mittee. This v,as offered by Henry H.
Goodell. lt was lengthy ana exhaustive
in matter of detail, dealing with the rou
tine work of the association. The report
was received and filed. _he chair iiexc
announced that Elwood Mead, an expert
in charge of the irrigation, research in
the office of experiment stations in \\ as.i
lingtonI ington I>. C, would be allowed the fioor
for five, minutes. Mead briefly outlined
the necessity of irrigation and invited ths
members of the association to attend a
convention to be held in Montana next
September, when this question will bo
given a practical and theoretical demon
stration.
The report of the finance committee was
[next read, and upon motion the president
appointed an auditing committee of tr.rce
to examine it and report back to the con
vention later. The next order of business
was the hearing of the general reports of
The chairmen of the various sections. The
first was that of agriculture and chemis
try, and Director Joseph L. Hills of Ver
mont, chairman of the section, read a
most interesting paper upon the detail
work of "the section during the past year.
The reports were ail limited to twenty
minutes. The section on botany and
horticulture, of which Professor Louis li.
Pammei of low-a is chairman, did not re
port because he was suffering from such
a severe cold that he did not feel able to
read his paper, and he begged the indul
gence of the convention, and was allowed
a continuance. There was no report from
the section of college work. President
Charles S. Murkland. chairman of the
section of mechanic arts, made a brief
but very* interesting report, in which he
gave some idea of the importance of the
student work to the association, and he
also discussed the best methods of cur
ing this work from th« student. Several
of the minor committees were not ready
to report.
Upon the motion of Henry H. Goodell,
10 o'clock this morning was set as the
time for the convention to receive the
resolutions upon the death of Senator
Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, which will
be offered by President Matthew H. Buck
ham of that State. A. C. True, the biblio
grapher of the association, next mad. his
report, which was very concise and com
plete. He is director of the experiment
stations of the Department of Agriculture
at Washington, D. ' '. A letter was then
read from Chancellor McLean of he 1 'ni
versitv of Nebraska, stating that he had
resigned the presidency of that institu
tion to accept the presidency of the Uni
versity of lowa and that as he was no
longer eligible for membership in the as
sociation it was with great regret that he
tendered his resignation. Being a mem
ber of the committee on graduate study,
the chairman of the executive committee
was instructed to fill the vacancy. An
Invitation from the California State Floral
Society was read before the convention.
The members of the association are to
be tendered a reception to-morrow- after
noon in tho parlors of the Occidental
Hotel from 3to 6 clock- The Invitation
was accepted. The convention then ad
journed.
The major portion of the afternoon was
devoted to the various section meetings.
Tlie section of mechanic arts met In Par
lor B, Occidental Hotel, at 2 o'clock, with
Charles S. Murkland presiding. William F.
Gilkinson of Wyoming read a paper on
'The Practical Importance of Indus
trials'' He advocated doing away with
the exercise stem and making the work
constructive. The paper was discussed
at some length by <". L. Cory of the Uni
versity of California, F. Paul Anderson,
Kentucky, and W. K. Patterson, Ken
t ickv.
"The Electrical Engineering Laboratory
In Its Relation to Local Engineering
Work" was the subject of an extensive
paper by Mr. Cory. He said in substance
that the college laboratory should be more
ln touch with the electrical work of the
State and that, if necessary, the labora
tory should be moved from place to place,
so as to keep it in touch with this work.
The section of agriculture and chemistry
met at 2 o'clock in the Mills building, J.
L. Hills of Vermont presiding:. Four in
teresting papers on "The Alkali Soils"
were read and discussed. The entire dis
cussion was purely technical in language
and treatment. Professor R. H. Lough
ridge, University of California, took the
place of fessor E. W. Hilgard, Uni
versity of California, who was unable to
be present on account of ill health. He
read a paper on "The Alkali Soils of the
Pacific Coast and Their Utilization." B.
C. Buffura of Wyoming read, a paper on
"Alkali Lands in Wyoming"; A. Gass,
New Mexico, one on "Alkali in New Mex
ico," and F. W. Traphagen, Montana, one
on "Alkali in Montana."
The section of college work met in Par
ker A, Ocidental HoteL Neither President
TEACHERS, Los Angeles;
EDITORS, Portland;
AGRICULTURISTS, San Francisco;
Charles W. Dabney, Tennessee, nor Sec
retary C. E. Coates, Louisiana, being pres
ent, upon motion of Joseph E. Stubbs, a
temporary organization was effected by
the election of President Blatchford. Ken
tucky, chairman, and H. E. Stockbridge,
Florida, s*ecretary. A committee was ap
pointed to bring in names for permanent
officers at the meeting to-day. H. H.
Goodell read the paper by Dr. Coatee upon
"The Principles Underlying the Formula
tion of an Agricultural Course in the
South." The paper was generally dis
cussed.
The section of horticulture and botany
met at 4 o'clock in the rotunda of the
Mills building, with Louis H. Pammel,
lowa, in the chair. Alexander Craw ot
California, quarantine officer, State Board
of Trade, read a paper on "The Inspec
tion of Nursery Stock and Orchards." The
paper was discussed at great length.
The evening session was called to order
by First Vice-President Stubbs. A letter
was read from Mayor Phelan inviting the
association to visit the Mark Hopkins
Institute. The following telegram from
the Secretary of Agriculture was read
also:
TRAF.R. lowa, July 5, 1899.
Dr. A. C. True, San Francisco, Cal.— To the
Association of Colleges and Stations. Greetings:
From Be i to sea we hall the workers of every
mind as th*>--<- and put our shoulders under
their yokes, that knowledge may increase and
plenty rule in all our borders.
JAMES WILSON,
Secretary of Agriculture.
President Armsby made the report for
the committee on collective station ex
hibit at the Paris Exposition. He stated
that definite space had been secured for
the exhibit and that active correspondence
had been begun with the various stations
with a view to obtaining contributions,
and that the committee was already as
sured of a creditable exhibit. The exhibit
is to be an exhibit by the experiment
stati»is only and not by the colleges. The
exhibit is to be collective and of a techni
cal character, and will be prepared at the
cost of the individual stations.
M. E. Jaffa announced the various ex
cursions that are to be taken by the del-s
--gates of the association next week. On
Saturday the park and Cliff House will
be visited, while in the evening the dele
gates will go to Berkeley. Monday Ukiah
will be visited; Tuesday, Fresno; Thurs
day, Orrville. The delegates will come
back to San Francisco on Thursday night.
Friday Santa Clara Valley will be visited.
President Armsby, being introduced by
Mr. Stubbs, delivered his annual address.
He directed the attention of the associa
tion solely to the aspects of the experiment
stations, and then proceeded to eulogize
the memory of Senator Justin S. Morrill,
who he said was the author of the or
ganic, act, which guarantee,! "the liberal
and practical education of the industrial
classes." Next he dwelt upon the system
of Agricultural Experiment Station-*,
which now extends over the whole civil
ized world, and said that it was traceable
to the influence exerted by the writings
and investigations of Liebig. Hi? work,
he said, marked the epoch In the history
of agriculture. President Ar.nsby said
there are 500" experiment stations at pres
ent distributed throughout forty countries
and colonies.
The inception of the stations, he s.iid,
was to teach by a practical study of ex
periments the ' indispensable principles
that are necessary' to a profitable appli
cation of agriculture, and to give the
student an ability to apply the principles.
"The Hatch bill." continued the speaker,
"as passed In 1887. was the beginning of
the new era upon which the experiment
stations entered at that time. Up to that
time the independent institutions had oc
cupied toward the farmer the same posi
tion that an expert chemist does toward
the manufacturer." From this it was evi
dent that President Armsby .-!••■.■ the
inference that at one time the stations
were not always honest In their work
"In brief." he said, "the real problem
of the station is not to put a mass of In
formation, however valuable, into the
hands of the, farmer, but to strengthen
his prrasp coon principles and his ability
to annlv hem. "
The conclusion of the address was an
exploitation of the fundamental rules of
an agricultural education. -
President R. C Kedzie of th.-- Agricul
tural College of Michigan followed Presi
dent Armsby and delivered the annual ad
dress to the association of official agri
cultural chemists. His address was a
purely technical one in point of
detail, dealing. as it did. with
chemical inventions and the gen
eral advances made by the science of
chemistry. He dwelt upon the exposures
of food adulterations as made by chemists,
and said the association had done a noble
work in this line.
CHEMISTS IN CONVENTION.
Interesting Papers Relating to
Agricultural Industry
Are Read.
The sixteenth annual convention of the
Association of Official Agricultural Chem
ists was opened yesterday afternoon In
the Mills Building. President R. C. Ked
zie, who is at the li*ad of the Agricultural
College in Michigan, called the meeting
to order and seventy-five delegates re
sponded to their names.
The association is entirely independent
of the Association of American
Agricultural Colleges and Experi
ment Stations now In session
at the Occidental, but it is noteworthy
that 50 per cent of its members ar_ also
affiliated with the latter organization.
The object of the Chemists' Association
is to secure uniformity and accuracy in
the methods, results and modes of state
ments of analysis of fertilizers, soils, cat
tle food, dairy products and other ma
terials connected with agricultural indus
try, and it has met annually for the past
sixteen years in order to "afford opportuni
ty for the discussion of matters of Inter
est to agricultural chemists.
Immediately after roll call President
Kedzie announced the following referees
and associate referees for each of the sub
jects to be considered at the present ses
sion It will be their duty to prepare and
distribute samples and standard reagents
to members and others desiring the same,
and to present results of the work done
and recommendations of methods to be
used. They are as follows:
Referees— Phosphoric acid, E. G. Run
van. Washington, D. C; nitrogen, F. S.
Shiver, Clemson College, South Carolina;
potash, B. B. Ross, Auburn. Ala;
soils and ash, B. L. Hartwell, Kingston,
R I • dairy products, J. B. Weems, Ames,
Iowa"; foods' and feeding stuffs, Thorn
Smith. Moscow, Idaho; liquor and food
adulteration, H. A. Weber, Columbus
Ohio- sugar, Elton Fulmer, Pullman,
Wash.; tannin, Oma Carr, Corry, Pa.;
insecticides, E. A. de Schwemitz. Wash
ington, D. C. _.->«'-:>'■'■---;."• _ __
Associate referees— Phosphoric acid, H.
K. Miller, Lake City, Fla.; nitrogen. W.
R. Perkins, Agricultural College, Missis
sippi; potash, L. S. Munson, Agricultural
College, Michigan; soils and ash, M. E.
Jaffa. Berkeley, Cal.; dairy products, F.
W. Woll. Madison, Wis.; foods and feed
ing stuffs, C. A. Browne, Jr., State Col
lege, Pennsylvania; liquor and food adul
teration, W. D. Bigelow, Washington, D.
C. ; sugar, G. L. Spencer, Washington, D.
C. ; tannin, E. J. Haley; insecticides, L.
A. Voorhees, New Brunswick, N. J.
The committees appointed are as fol
lows:
.tract committee— E. W. Allen, Wash
ington, 1' C. (chairman); W. H. Beal,
Washington) D. C: J. B. Lindsey, Am
herst, Mass.; .1. T. Anderson, Auburn,
Ala.; J. P. Street, New Brunswick, N. J.;
F. W. Woll, Madison, Wis.; L. H. Merrill
Orono. Me.; B. H. Hite, Morgantown W.
Va.; A. A. Persons. University Alabama.
Committee on food standards— H. W.
Wiley. Washington. D. C. (chairman); H.
A. Weber, Columbus, Ohio; M. A. Scovell
Lexington, Ky.; E. H. Jenkins, New'
Haven, Conn.; William Frear, State Col
lege. Pennsylvania.
Committee on uniform laws for fertil
izer control— H. W. Wiley, Washington,
D. C, chairman; B. W. Kilgore, Agricul
tural College, Mississippi; H. B. McDon
nell. College Park, Md.; H. A. Huston,
Lafayette, Ind;; B. B. Ross, Auburn, Ala
Committee on volumetric standards— B.
W Kilgore, Agricultural College, Missis
sippi, chairman; C. L. Penny, Newark
Del * E. E. Dwell, Washington, D. C: G.
C Caldwell, Ithaca, N. V.; H. W. Wiley,
Washington, D. C.
Committee on rewriting methods of soil
analysis— A. Bcovell, Lexington, Ky.,
chairman; A. M. Peter, Lexington, Ky.;
H W. Wiley. Washington, £>. C.
After the appointment of committees
Secretary H. W. Wiley of Washington, D.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
CHEMISTS, San Francisco.
C, announced that President Kedzie
would deliver his address at the Occi
dental Hotel this morning in response to
on invitation extended by the Agri
cultural Colleges Convention
Mr. Wiley then read a historical paper,
in which he spoke of the origin and de
velopment of the Association of Official
Agricultural Chemists, which was the
first of its kind in the world and has been
In existence nineteen years.
"Germany and some other European
countries,", he said, "have followed the
example of America and established sim
ilar associations, which have been pro
ductive of much good. The association
had exerted a great influence in the de
velopment of agricultural science in the
United States. The conditions of research
in agricultural chemistry at the present
time show a remarkable progress as com
pared with those existing twenty years
ago. The methods established by the asso
ciation are acknowledged as ofllcial and
standards not only in our country, but
have been adopted by chemists in foreign
countries."
E. G. Runvan read his report on
"Phosphoric Acid" and was followed by-
Mr. Wiley, who read a paper on "Potash"
compiled by B. B. Ross, who is absent.
B. W. Kilgore and M. A. Soovell took
part in the general discussion which fol
lowed.
The convention - will be resumed this
morning at the Mills building immediately
after President Kedzie has delivered his
annual address at the Occidental.
The papers to be read and discussed will
be "Soils and Ash," by B. L. Hartwell;
"Dairy Products," by J. B. Weems, and
"Foods and Feeding Stuffs." by Thorn
Smith.
NATIONAL EDITORIAL
ASSOCIATION CONVENES
In His Annual Address President
MacCabe Tells How Journalists
Are Handicapped.
PORTLAND. Or., July The four
teenth annual convention of the National
Editorial Association met at 11 o'clock
this morning at the Marquam Grand The
ater. Governor T. T. Geer and Mayor
H. A. Storey welcomed the delegates In
behalf of the State of Oregon and the city
of Portland. Harvey W. Scott, editor of
the Oregonian, spoke at length.
President MacCabe, in his annual ad
dress, said:
"1 will hazard the opinion that no pro
fession or business in this broad land Of
ours is so handicapped with unjust laws
as is that of the journalist. I therefore
commend to your earnest attention the
report of the committee on libel law,
and hope that this convention will, as a
result of said deliberation, crystallize and
formulate some practical line of work to
the .--nd that a more equitable adjustment
of the law of libel may be recorded
throughout the Union."
Speaking of some of the annoyances to
which newspaper publishers are subject
ed, he said:
"A rapidly growing evil which news
papers must face oner or later is the
so-called 'advertising programme' nui
sance. Already the business men are com
mencing to protest at this semi-respect
able blackmail, and well they may. A
paper has been prepared especially on this
topic, and I hope will arouse you to that
sense, of duty which you owe the business
community, if not yourself."
Entertainment for Scientists.
MARYSVILLE. July s.— Ralph A. Could
of the Association of American Agricul
tural Colleges md Experiment Stations,
who was in Marysville to-day. said the
professors while iking a tour of this
section will devote four hours to Yuba
County on July 12. Accordingly the Im
provement Association is arranging for
large numbers of vehicles to transport the
excursionists to as many points of Inter
est as their brief stay will permit. They
will take luncheon at the famous Abbott
orchard. ■
WHIPPED A HORSE.
Ladies Gave Testimony in Judge
Mogan's Court Against Frank
Conley.
Several ladies were in Judge Mn_*an's
court yesterday to testify against Frank
Conley, a teamster for the Western De
livery Company, charged with cruelty to
a horse he was driving on Pacific street,
near Jones. Mrs. Clara Foltz appeared
as special prosecutor.
Mrs. S. H. Whiting, wife of the general
manager of the California Northwestern
Railroad, testified that she saw Conley
strike the horse with a whip, and when
she proved him he told her it was none
Of her business. She showed him her
badge as a member of the Society for
the Prevention Of Cruelty to Animals, and
asked him if he would not respect it, and
he said he would not. Mrs. C. B. Hol
brook, wife of the secretary of the so
ciety and promoter of the Bands of
Mercy, corroborated Mrs. Whiting. -
Conley testified that th.- horse was a colt
and was in the habit of running on the
sidewalk. He tapped ft twice with a short
whip while going up the hill and the la
dies came and spoke to him about it.
There were no marks on the colt, and in
this he was corroborated by Dan Mariana,
a driver for the United States Laundry
Company. The Judge "-aid he would give
his decision Saturday.
THE LOWENTHAL MURDER.
Eva Wyatt Gives Important Testi
mony at the Preliminary
Examination.
The preliminary examination of M. J.
Mochel of the Fourteenth Regiment,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Ida
Lowenthal in th<» Campnre saloon on
Kearny street, was continued before
Judge Treadwell yesterday morning.
A new witness In the person of Eva
Wyatt, a girl employed in the saloon,
gave important testimony, She testified
that she sat about ten feet away from
the box where the defendant and Mrs.
Lowenthal were. She heard a scuffle and
something strike against the side of the
box. Then she heard a man say, "I'll
fix you!" followed by the smashing of
glass. - ;
The prosecution will endeavor to show
from this girl's testimony that Mrs. Low
enthal was dead before the waiter, Clif
ford, entered the box. When he did so
Mochel had his knee on her breast and
a hand on her throat. He struck Clif
ford with his disengaged fist and Cliffoid
hit him with a bottle.
■ ♦ ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean. ' ' -v. ■'.
CRIPPLED FOB. LIFE.
Why Michael Campbell Wants the
Pacific Coast Oil Company to
Pay Him Damages. .
Michael Campbell, a marine fireman,
yesterday entered suit in the United State.
District- Court against the Pacific Coast
Oil Company to recover $10,000 damage,
for Injuries received by him on the high
seas in August, 1896. :;>^- ..:■-:.-
The complaint alleges that at the time
mentioned he was employed on the steam
ship George Loomis, the property of the
defendant, engaged in carrying petroleum
from Ventura, and that the vessel, being
overloaded, was frequently washed over
by the waves. The allegation is mado
further that while walking on a staging
between two oil tanks on the vessel Camp
bell was thrown violently to the deck and
sustained injuries that necessitated his
lying in bed -for two years in the Marine
Hospital. His left leg was operated upon
and made four Inches shorter than the
other, crippling him for life and disabling
him from working as a marine fireman.
A Boston Embezzler.
Willard E. Baker, an embezzler from
Boston, who was arrested in Seattle a few
days ago, was taken to the City Prison
yesterday afternoon by the officers who
are taking him back to stand his trial.
They will leave with him this morning.
Trunk moved, 25c: furniture, pianos, freight.
Signal Transfer Co.. 630 Jones; tel. Sutter Ml.
COMING FIFTEEN
THOUSAND STRONG
Los Angeles the. Mecca
of Teachers.
ATTENDANCE WILL BE GREAT
— ♦ —
ARRIVALS ARE EARLIER THAN
IN FORMES, YEARS.
— —
Each Incoming Train Brings to the
City of the Angels Its Quota
of Instructors From, the
East.
»
Special Dispatch to Th© Call.
LOS ANGELES', July s.— The school
ma'ams of the nation are headed for Los
Angeles, 15,000 strong. Tills information
Is based on the reports that from time to
time have been received at local National
Educational Association headquarters and
that are now confirmed by Dr. Irwin
Shepard, the general secretary of the
National Educational Association.
Up to the present the influx of teachers
has been greater for ante-convention
dates than at any previous period in the
history of teachers' national conventions.
It was too much to expect that the teach
ers would leave before July 4, as the pub
lic Bchools in many States close In the
last days of June. It Is apparent that
July 5 has been chosen for general de
partures from the East.
Among the prominent educators that
will on Saturday morning arrive are Dr.
William T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education at Washington,
D.C., and family; Eliphalet Oram Lyte of
Millersville. Pa., the president of the Na
tional Education Association, and family;
I. C. McNeil of Superior, Wis., the treas
urer of .the National Education Associa
tion, and wife; Dr. Nicholas- Murray But
ler of Columbia University, New York
City, and Dr. Louis Selden, superinten
dent of the public schools of St. Louis.
This party will on Sunday be followed by
the Skidmore and Phillips parties from
New York, New Jersey, Washington" and
Philadelphia,
Professor Frank A. Fitzpatrick, an old
educator and who attends the annual ses
sions of the National Educational Asso
ciation, no matter where held, arrived
from Boston this morning. Mr. Fitzpat
rick. will have charge of the American
Book Concern's exhibit.
Teachers and many others are now ar
riving here at the rate of about 400 a day,
and the number of visitors will grow dally
until the first day of the convention.
The Southern Pacific south-bound train,
due at 1:20 this afternoon, was nearly four
hours late, the result of a wait at Tracy
for the i »gden express, which was to bring
to Los Angeles three Pullman palace cars
and as many tourist sleepers, all rilled to
overflowing with National Educational
Association guests and their friends. The
Southern Pacific will, on Friday morn
ing, bring in six Cullman**, carrying teach
ers and others from Tucson and Phoenix.
The train Is due at the Arcade about 9:30
a. m. on July 7.
To-morrow's Santa Fe overland will
bring 119 passengers, who are being
brought here in two sections. The first
train carries forty-two passengers for this
city and the second seventy-seven pas
sengers.
Forty-five teachers west bound spent
July 4 in the Grand Canyon. A party of
twenty-five went into the canyon to-day.
The Santa Fe's passenger list from the
East to-day numbered ISO, who came in
two sections.
The. city of Cincinnati is after next
year's National Educational Association
convention, and with an energy which,
unless headed off by some of the other
competitors for the distinction, bids fair
to capture the prize.
* — —
LOCAL TEACHERS TO ATTEND.
Will Keep "Open House at the Los
Angeles Convention.
The San Francisco school department
will be well represented at the national
convention of teachers, to be held in Los
Angeles. Fully 300 certificates have he-
sold and between 200 and 300 teachers will
be in attendance. Headquarters have been
secured for the local teachers, where
Eastern visitors will be hospitably enter
tained, the Board of Education having
appropriated $100 for the purpose and the
teachers themselves having subscribed
$100 additional. It was the intention to
make a display from the Polytechnic
School that would have been without
doubt the finest in the country, but as it
would cost at least $500 the board decided
that the condition of the finances would
not permit of it. A fine exhibition of
drawing from the various schoojs will be
made, however. School Superintendent
R. H. Webster is on the programme to
address the convention, which recognition
is quite an honor for San Francisco.
MINNIE ADAMS' CASK
The prosecution in the case of Mrs Mm- ;
nic Adams, charged with # the murder of
her 'nfant son, John Richard Gray, is
again beginning to lag. The cross-exami
nation of George R. Purltnky, the drug
clerk, who Is said to have sold Mrs.
Adams the bottle of poison the night be
fore the alleged murder, developed the I
fact that his identification of Mrs. Adams
was weak. He thought that the prisoner
looked like the woman who bought the .
poison, but he would not be positive in
his identification. Police Sergeant Duke,
Fred Denhard and H. W. Gautner also
testified during the day, but added no j
link to the chain of circumstantial evi
dence. It is thought that the prosecution
will clcso to-day and to-morrow the de- ]
fense will have its inning. , ; > ,
Charter Test Case.
This morning Judge Seawell will hear
the pleas of counsel to set the date for
the hearing of the action of Martin Frag
ley. Superintendent of Streets, against the
Board of Election Commissioners, brought
to test the validity of the charter. Judge
Beawell was not on- the bench yesterday
morning and Judj?e Bahrs, who presided
in his stead, refused to set the case.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with '
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission, j
Poundkeeper's Report.
The annual report of the Poundkeeper
shows that the receipts from animals re
leased and sold amounted to $3054 50, and
the disbursements for the year, $2533 37.
leaving a net revenue of $521 13. The
report shows that 2588 dogs w*ere im
pounded during the year.
9«OWW«<>«W«««PV«OV«<UVVV«V9«<9<VO'9VO9WOW9WWWWW«V4
The Best is "Dr. Pierces."
eTry an Electric Belt for that pain,
Weakness, Lame Back or anything else
that ails you (except poverty) and you
will be pleased with the result. Elec-
tricity will brace you up, put new life
into you ancl make you feel twenty
years younger than you do at present.
That's what a GOOD Electric Belt will
do; but be sure you get a good one
while you are about it. In short, BUY
£v NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
P?«wv*vaA p,erce,s -"
*™\lvvVv^-^^%'-^__l^^-^'" Send 2 cents in stamps for "Booklet
W-M---HP PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
A^^|^W|_3!r 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
V \^2s'^/J.'j-- W San Francisco.
»»«u»«a©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©@©©©©©©©©©©©©«®©<
VETERANS TENANT
CAMP REYNOLDS
Canvas City Opened at
Santa Cruz.
— ♦ —
GATHERING OF . WARRIORS
— *, —
SEVERAL HUNDRED ALREADY
ON THE SCENE.
— — ••
Los G-atos Delegation Has Charge of
the First Day's Programme
and Acquits Itself
Creditably.
a—
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July s.— Camp Wallace
Reynolds has been formally opened with
over 200 occupants and more arriving on
every train. To-day was given over en
tirely to the Los Gatos delegation, which
had charge of the programme for to
night. The entertainment was almost en
tirely supplied by Los Gatos talent. It
opened with a selection by the fife and
drum corps of that city and included a
recitation by Miss Davis; poem, Mrs. S.
M. Liming; reading. Mrs. John Fitch;
recitation. Miss Stella Hamilton; ad
dresses by Comrade Lawrence, Command
er Nichols of E. O. C. Ord Post, G. A. R.,
and others.
The camp Is down to business and the
following committees are at work:
Executive committee— F. C. Bates, F.
E. Staick, H. M. Barker, Thomas Kel
ley, James Dougherty, L. L. Nat
tinger, O. J. Lincoln.
Invitation and speakers— Thomas
Kelley, Judge Lucas F. Smith, W. J.
Walcott, O. J. Lincoln, H. T. Welch,
J. H. Russell.
Programme and printing— F.
E. Starck, J. Ed Lee, Colonel L L.
Nattinger, J. S. Barnum, L. A. Man
oney, Moore Briggs, Mrs. . Alice A.
Newhall, Annie M. Piper, W. H. Pat
tern.
Transportation— F. C. Bates, L. F.
Smith, J. Dougherty, O. J. Lincoln.
W. 11. Lawrence, G. C. Rodell. O. K.
Able 3.
Tents and camp formation— H. M.
Barker, L. F. Smith, B. P. Schular,
C. E. Hauck, W. H. Patten, C. Crag
hill. T. J. Stone. E. J. Stone. Ed Perry.
Music and general entertainment —
R. J. Butler. Mrs. Alice A. Newhall.
W. H. Patten, Mary E. Hood, George
S. Walker, W. H. Lawrence, Helen
Noble, Carrie Hailstone Maley, Sa
lome M. Bates, W. J. Wallace, Amelia
Hobsan. William H. Brown, J. J.
Peard, O. D. Conterno, Annie M. Piper,
W. M. Fredericks, <;. C. Rodell. Rev.
C. J. Thompson, George C. Anderson,
"William Krapp, George W. Newhall.
The following officers are in command:
Commander— F. C. Bates.
Chief of staff and A. A. G.— Major F.
E. St. ink. • ■ '
Adjutant and Recorder— J. Edward
Lee.
Quartermaster— H. M. Barker.
Medical Director— Dr. C. E. Hall
stone.
Sergeant Major— Moore Brlgps.
Quartermaster Sergeant— B. P. Schu
lar.
The council of administration consists
of the commander, ex-offlcio president;
the chief of staff, ex-offlcio vice presi
dent; the adjutant, ex-offlcio secretary;
the Quartermaster, ex-offlcio treasurer,
and Comrades Dr. Thomas Kelley, Dr.
M. A. Southworth, W. J. Wolcott, L.
L. Nattlnger, Henry T. Welch. John
S. Branum, O. K. Abies, James Dough
erty. O. I >. Conterno, William M. Fred
ericks, George W. Lee No. 2, 1.. A.
Mahoney; John H. Russell. T. J. Stone,
O. J. Lincoln, C. K. Hauck, George C.
Anderson, R. J. Butler and A. S. Orms
by.
Vice Commanders -Alice A. Newhall
and W. H. Patton (in charge of pro
gramme July 4 and 10). Aids- Mes
dames Annie M. Piper, Susie J. Harris,
Ida I-'. Springer, Susan Cragh.ll, Mary
B. Patten. Miss Kitty Trumbly, Flora
L. Keye, Clara McKinstry, Libbie Ten
nev, Philip Haynes. U. S. Nichols,
John Capp, A. H. Kane. Alton Gould,
H. C. Henny and S. B. Swanton.
Mary E. Hood, George S. Walker and
W. 11. Lawrence (in charge of pro
gramme July 5 and 11). Aids—Mes
dames Roda Deno, Martha Ford. Abide
Schular. Susannah Carrol and Alice V.
Hutchinson.
Helen Noble, In charge of pro
gramme July 6 and 1- Aids: Mes
dames Leora Drew. Diantha Gage,
Sarah Tustin, Mary Orr. Ellen Phelps;
George W. Hanson, Daniel McGinley,
George M. Phelps, M. H. Osgood and
William M. Fredericks.
Carrie Hailstone Maley and Robert
J. Butler, In charge of programme
July 7 and 13 -Aids: Mesdames Rose
E. "Hunt, Kiltie D. Lipsett, Lillian C.
Rice, Llllie Haynes, Misses Maude .
Hauck, Ada V.Hampton, A. L. Brower,
Charles K. Mears, George W. Ousley,
<;. B. Burdick and George A. Vogt.
Saloma M. Bates and H. J. Wallace,
in charge of programme July 8 and
14— aids: Mesdames Nellie McGinley,
Bell.* Lamb, Annie E. Putnam. Han
nah M. Jack, L. M. Eley, Alice E.
Wallace; L. A. Mahoney, James
Dougherty, W. H. Franklin, John S.
Barnum and T. J. Stone.
Amelia Hobson, William H. Brown
and J. J. Peard, in charge of pro
gramme July _ and 15— Aids: Mrs.
Maybury, Lou Tripp, Mrs. Lewis, Z.
Frankie Porter, Miss Ella McGrury;
D. D. Tennyson, J. E. Hoyt.E. A.Me-
Cllntock, J. Olmstead and G. W. Ray
burn. ______________________
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
VISIT THE NYMPHIA
THEY THOROUGHLY INSPECT
THE NOTORIOUS PLACE.
Chief of Police Lees Guides the Mem
bers of the Board Through the
Hotel of Vice Action to
Be Taken.
Police Oommisioners Alvord and Tobin.
accompanied by Chief of Police Lees,
visited the Hotel Nymphia last evening
and narrowly inspected the place. The
visit was In lieu of the regular weekly
meeting of the board and has much sig
nificance, as the complaints of the prop
erty owners and residents In the vicinity
of the spot have been filed with many of
the municipal departments of the city.
The trio met by appointment in the
rooms of the Commissioners about 7:30
p. m., and were from there conveyed to
the Nymphia in a carriage. So as not to
cause any excitement or fear in the hearts
of the Nymphia' visitors, the jehu was
ordered to stop a block away and the
Commissioners and their guide proceeded
to the hotel on foot. Arriving inside, the
Chief Inquired for the woman tn charge
and had her pilot them, through.- the en
tire building. Chief Lees did the entire
questioning the Commissioners listening
to the explanation as to how the place
was carried on, the number of women who
infest Its precincts' and other matters di
rectly bearing on the subject. Chief Lees
.was desirous of knowing whether there
would be an entrance on Stockton street
and was Informed that such a plan would
not be adopted. After thoroughly Inspect
ing the Nymphia the Commissioners and
the Chief departed.
Special attention was given by the visit
ors to that portion of the building that
is near Stockton street and which is now
unused because of the determined fight
of the residents of the North Beach dis
trict. The projectors of the Nymphia
scheme are determined to open the closed
section of the brick building. They are
bringing to bear every reason and influence
to achieve victory, while Father Caraher.
Rev. Dr. ITrray and other leaders in the
fight against the vice spot are determined
that the whole thing shall be abolished.
Their continued complaints to the Police
Department have been taken into consid
eration by the Board of Police Commis
sioners, who have satisfied themselves as
to whether it Is a nuisance or detrimental
to the nothern portion of the city.
The Commissioners will in all proba
bility invite the defenders and objectors
to the Nymphia before them next
Wednesday night, when, they will take
action in the matter.
WANT ASSESSMENTS REDUCED.
Taxpayers File Objections to the Val-
ues Placed on Their Property.
. A lance number of taxpayers visited
the chambers of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to Inspect the tax rolls, and
sixteen applications for a reduction in
their assessment were filed with Clerk
Russell. Those who have thus announced
their objection to the value placed upon
their property by Assessor Dodge are:
Mrs. Frederick Heine, John Denhard, T.
Brilliant, Mrs. S. F. Davidson, M. R. Daly,
J. Podesto. Mrs. William Tillman, Louis
Kutner, Annie S. Kyraner, Joanna M. A.
Boland. Jens R. Jorgensen, Ellis Hughes,
Jeremiah Maloney, - Tillie Silver-tone,
Ben B. Kellogg and C. Stockwltz. Reduc
tions asked for range from $10) to $5000.
It is expected. that the corporations and
firms whose assessments have been great
ly Increased over the figures of former
years will many of them file applications
for reductions with the Board of Equal
ization within tne next few days.
School Teachers Are Paid.
The school teachers received their sal
ary warrants for June yesterday and the
slips of paper were promptly presented to
Treasurer Truman to be exchanged for
coin of the realm. The 5 per cent propor
tion of the January salaries will be paid
in two weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
STRONG MEN
. WANTED.
Hundreds of Applicants for the Army Are
Rejected on Account of a Physical Disa-
bility Which Does Not Show Itself Until
. an Examination Is Made.
THE PREVAILING EVIL.
The Rurpreon who parses on the phy-
sical ability of men who are anxious to
serve Uncle Sam Is frequently disap- j
pointed and as often surprised. Many-
applicants who are to all appearances
able to combat the swarthy foe in
the Philippines are found to be inca-
pacitated on account of a weakness
which is. In many instances, more se-
rious than a disease.
Others, aside from the army sur-
geons, are unable to And as many
sound, healthy men as are needed for
trades, professions or other callings.
Weak men may not always be at
fault for their deplorable condition, but
they are generally to blame for not
seeking assistance in the right direc-
tion. DR. M__YERS & CO. are noted
for restoring lost vitality, making the
puny robust, the weak strong. When-
ever these celebrated specialists under-
take to cure a weakness or a disease
they never fail.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have devoted
years of time and a vast .mount of
money to the study of such ailments
and in perfecting curative methods and
remedies. They conduct the largest
medical institution in America and
have cured men from' ocean to ocean
and from Mexico to the northern boun-
dary of Alaska.
These specialists can be consulted
without cost at office or by mall. Home
cures a specialty. Unfortunates who
cannot call should write for "Private
Counselor" for men, symptom blanks,
etc. Call or address DR. MEYERS &
CO., 731 Market street.
i 2 SAVE YOUR MONE YI] !
;! JL From $10 to $17,50 |i
<\ __W__f_i You can get the best All-Woo! /
i Si_Wm_i S.'t: Made to Order at ',
Si JOE P0HEII;:
i 1 •' ffl-ir-T '' you wan,: a first-class, /
i| 118111 well-fitting suit of c'othes '
mm from $20 to $40 go to <\
|: II JOE POHEIM ;[
i 1 '""•■■■Jfljl Fine Clothes at 25 per ]i
1 | cent less than elsewhere. ■,'
i 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, l,
# 1110-1112 Murket St. . S. F. I,
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO NOT _»F.**»-*--IR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cue* of Xenfoun Debility are
absolutely cured by PEICPI-CTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart- vifror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up system. Give >_A< bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^TVyouiur or old.
Onesoc box renews vital energy. ___M 6 boxes at
«2.50.- complete i?--.irante.'d cure *]___? or money re-
-1 funded Can be carried in vest ~t**- pocket. Sold
everywhere.or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
1 vrice by THE PKltKr* 10 CO., Carta* ISM... Oiler.-., Ilk
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two store.). Grant Drug Co.. in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
ANOTHER LEGITIMATE TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK, •
Mlllocker's Beautiful Opera.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
OUR NEW PRICES— EVENING:
Orchestra, Reserved, s<>c and *_."»o; Dress
Circle, Reserved, Hoc: Family Circle. Re-
served. 15c: Gallery. lOc.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
Seat ln the House, Hoc; Family Circle, Re-
served. I Be; Gallery, lOc.
NEXT WEEK- Gorgeous and Surpassing Re-
vival of "CARMEN."
CHUTES AND ZOO!
MATINEE EVERT DAT. .
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER,
TO-NIGHT,
AMATEUR NIGHT,
Including an International
Wood-Sawing Contest!
PHONE FOR SEATS. STEINER 1851. j
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the cmli
nent kidney and bladder specialist, 1.
wonderfully successful in promptly cur-
ing kidney, bladder and uric acid trou-
bles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in tha
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and on«
dollar sizes. You may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about it in-
cluding many of the thousands of let-
ters received from sufferers cured, both
sent free by mail. I Write Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. V., and please
mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Dally Call.
. J
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
THE ONLY COMEDY IN TOWN.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE,
L. JR. STOCKWELL,
In Hoyt'a Irresistibly Funny Comedy.
A MIDNIGHT BELL!
DEPICTING LIFE IN NEW ENGLAND.
PRICES "sc, SOc, 35c. 25c and 15a
SPECIAL I
POSITIVELY LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
THE LAMBARDI OPERA COMPANY.
Presenting by Special Request,
Monday, July 10-"MIGNON."
Tu»pday. July 11— 'BARBER OF SEVILLE."
Seats now on sale at the box office.
First two row.** orchestra, $1 50; balance of
orchestra and s*-ven rows in dress circle, $1;
three last rows of drees circle, 75c; balcony. 50.
and "r>c; gallery. 25c.
Th.rsd-y, Jaly 13-THE fBAWLEY COMPANY
COLUMBIA^
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
«NRY FILLER
•v*//>
A SPll/ALCOMPAAr/
LAST 3 NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy,
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula."
Next Week-HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY in the latest New
York Empire Theater Success,
"LORD AND LADY ALGY."
ALCAZAR ™™
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. 2:15 P. M.
6th Week of LEWIS MORRISON.
SPECIAL DOUBLE BILL.
I DON C/ESARDE BAZAN
; Only the Master Shall Blame.
! 15c, 25c, P *?^ s 3sc, 50c.
1 NEXT— Florence Roberts In "CAMILLE."
HAVES AND LYTTON,
The Talented Comedians, in the Roaring Fare*,
"A WISE GUY."
MORIE, the Tourist Juggler.
, GARDNER 8R05.,;
i - Musiclal Comedians.
1 < THE FOUR O'LEARTS, WILLIAM CRESSY
l AND BLANCHE DAYNE. MALVILLE AND
I STETSON, THE FARRELLS, THE PAS-
I QUALIS, assisted by SIG. ABRAMOFF.
i Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
, : Chairs and Box Seats. SOc.
i Matlness Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
1 1 TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
I Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Prop, and Manager,
I
i LIMITED ENGAGEMENT OF
j DENIS O'SULLIVAN
, In the Romantic Opera.
! "SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
TO-NIGHT.
First Appearance Here of
ADA WALKER, Soprano.
! AN UNEQUALED CAST.
I ENLARGED CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
'. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
: PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 0.
j ALHAMBRA THEATER.
i ; MARIO LAMBARDI, Manager.
LAST WEEK HERE.
Lambardi Grand Italian Opera Company.
TO-NIGHT,
"PURITANI."
With REPETTO. ÜBERTO. BADARACCO.
FERRARI. TRAVAGLINI.
Friday "MASKED BALL"
Saturday Matinee "MANON LESCAUT"
Saturday Night
"THE BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Sunday Night "TONE"
Prices— Jl 50, $1, 50c and 25c.
Reserved seats on sale at the Alhambra Thea-
ter. 'PHONE SOUTH 368.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
13 Cl tl»»» Those who were ther»
_ -■..-; »ay the Panorama Is _
_r-_ tf correct representation.
11 1 Explanatory lecture*
by Prof. W. G. ROL-
j/VlQrillO M_rket st., nr Eighth.
Admission. 50c.
R* __. m - 9 Children, 25c
Bay! ■_■_■— — .
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c; CHILDREN sc.
Bathing. including admission. 25c: Children. 20c.
- ____B_____-ti i W cle *H» » non-poi«*o _on»
<4-W_P*^^__l remedy for Gonorrhoea,
*_4_^^^c Ui-E-^BS Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
g&Wia 1 to s Java. Whites, unnatural di*>
MrfSm G-_r_-'_-'! || charges, or any inflamma-
BKs not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■■ j Prevents -oottgion. tion of mucous mem-
, KSITHEEvANSCHEMIO-ino. bran-3- Non-astringent.
\_fk NC NM-TI.O MB Sold by ° ** ,J - I »'
C_____ rr " a ____■ or 6ent 1Q P* all i -wrapper,
4 ______ "" *___$__ b7 express, prepaid, foi
' 4 VW__________K<*>V (LOO, or 3 bottl.*, 1..7&.
V>-E^g_p >l V' m Uuciu*. Mat on taajM—K
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Beans quoted Armor
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes higher. Vegetables lower.
Butter Arm and Eggs easy.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Canning Plums and Apricots higher.
Table Plums and Peaches overstock the mar
ket.
Figs and Grapes slow.
Hams continue active.
Meat market unchanged.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur- j
ing the first five, months of the year are as
follows, compared with the same time last
year: Sugar. 156.509.0W lbs against v."£«».u ."£«».
Coffee 17 763.000 lbs., against "Tea i Rice
SS?477?OCX ■ 1b... against 30,121.000; Tea. 1.59..800 |
lbs., against 1,879,000.
COMMERCIAL NEWS ANNUAL.
The Commercial News is out with its regu- ,
lar annual, and as usual it is full of inter
esting matter pertaining to the shipping trade
such as a full record of marine disasters, the
Coal, Salmon. Codfish. Lumber and Grain
trades. water transportation, freights etc
There are also special articles of t_ ""f"^^
Issue is handsome gotten up, " ';* '*' " ' "
_t.d covers, and contains many P£otogwU£
views of different ports familiar to the ban j
Francisco shipping business.
TI-E LUMBER TRADE.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says: "As cv- ;
cry month passes in the pre- year the *-'•''
ation common through, it the lumber trade
circles of this State and the coast in general
becomes more satisfactory. The manufactur
ers of redwood, pine, spruce and fir. ' ether
with those engaged ln the shingle business,
report excellent conditions and a plentltude
of orders; in fact, altogether too many and
too frequent to be filled in the ordinary ten |
hours dally run. 1
The deliveries at San Francisco of pine, |
spruce and fir for May were 2.561.433 feet in ex
cess of those for the last month, while the
redwood receipts from Mendocino, Del Norte :
and Humboldt counties were 2.134 05^ feet more
fn May than in June, but the shingle receipts
for June table a visible increase of U16.6W
over Mai These figures do not denote a fall-
Ing away of the .local lumber business since
the prices current for June furnished the dif
ference incurred by the decrease ■■■'■ deliveries. j
The hardwood lines show a good monthtor
June with every prospect pf a most satt-rhc - j
tory thirty days to tollow. The dealers hold
well together and all indications point to a
good season's business.
Shingles are steady, with prices firm and
deliveries frequent and large to Santa Ana.
and San Francisco The year 1899 will be the
strongest In the history of the California in- j
dustry. '-"_',"_ , v.
The Pacific Ocean export trade is flourish
ing and shipments are large at remunerative
prices Freight rates are un the advance, but j
the lumber manufacturers are equal to the oc
caslon. China, Japan and Hawaii repeated ;
their May orders ast month and. all in ail,
the lumber business of California, Oregon and
Washington with Arizona and the Eastern
States has not been on so encouraging a scale .
since the 'good times' of IS9I and formerly. A
little more co-operation on the part of dealers
and manufacturers might work even better re
suits." -
WEATHER REPORT.:
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 5—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 56; Fresno. 9S; Los Angeles, .4; Red
Bluff, 90; San Luis Obispo, *4; San Diego, 7-.
Sacramento, SO; Independence, 92; Yuma, 104. j
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature, .
56; minimum, 50: mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL I
(RECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the ,
northern half of the Pacific Slope and has
risen slowly over the southern half.
The temperature has fallen slightly over j
Central and Northern California. In the
Great Valleys of California the temperatures
are more nearly normal than for some days
past.
In the vicinity of San Francisco there Is a
vertical thermal gradient of one degree rise
fur even.- 150 feet. At sea level the tempera
ture along the central coast of California is I
from 5 to 10 degrees cooler than the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 6:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; slightly.
warmer in the valleys; light southerly, chang
ing to northerly winds in the interior, west
erly winds on the coast,- with log in the
afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Utah — Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona Fair Thursday.
San Francisco md vicinity— Fair Thursday:
warmer; fresh westerly winds with fog in the
afternoon ALEXANDER G. M'ADIE.
Forecast Official. j
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July s.— The market for stocks i
continued notably strong to-day and much more
_ live than the upward movement of last week.
The activity was very widely distributed, ex- j
tending pretty generally throughout the list,
and during the course of the day extending even |
to some of the cats and dogs on the list. The
general strength of the market was maintained
in face of a realizing movement in the stocks
that were most conspicuous in last week's rise,
notably Pennsylvania, New York Central and !
the Vanderbilt group generally. Including
"Northwestern, Omaha and the Union Pacific
stocks. There was no very heavy pressure of
liquidation in these stocks, but there was no
effort to hold up their prices and a number of
them show losses of a point or over. There
was a realizing movement in the grangers also,
but vigorous strength of St. Paul sustained
this group and brought new buying through
commissi houses. St. Paul's extraordinary
gain in earnings for the fourth week In June
of about $3-0,0 over the corresponding week
of last year was the main motive for this buy
ing, though the general outlook in the wheat
market induced a. general covering of shorts.
The line of shorts put out in the grangers on
the early belief in the ruin of the wheat crop
is understood to have been very large, and no
small part of the present strength of the
grangers Is attributed to covering of these
ehorts. Atchison preferred was very' markedly
affected in the same way and rose to 60%. The
bears, who had sold Brooklyn in expectation of
a Fourth of July strike, were eager buyers to
cover short contracts md advanced the stock
at one tin:-' nearly 4 points. The rise in Sugar
extended to nearly 5 points. Other specialties
which rose strongly were the Tobacco stocks,
Steel and Wire. Tennessee Coal. People's Gas,
international Paper and Anaconda. It is now
admitted that the recent gold exports have
been directly due to borrowing for the purpose
of easing the German money market,- which
was in urgent need of it to carry over the
half-yearly period. Discounts in foreign mar
kets were easy -day.
Bond: were active and prices advanced a
fraction. Total sales, par value. $3,390,000.
United States old 4's registered advanced %
in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
637,748 shares, including: American Steel and
Wire, 26.500; American Sugar Refining, 8300;
American Tobacco, 6800* Anaconda, 1100; Atch
ison, 4000; do preferred, 38.00*); Brooklyn Rapid
Transit. 97.800; Burling! 20,800; Continental
_..>,.., 15,100; Federal Steel, 11,400; do prefer
red 3100; Manhattan Con., 10.100; Mexican Cen
tral, 8100; Missouri Pacific, 14.800; Northern Pa
cific. 13.400; Pennsylvania, 26.40*); People's Gas
of Chicago, 18.400; Reading first preferred, 14.
--000; Rock Island. 29,500; St. Paul, 61,100; South
ern Pacific, 3900; Southern Railway preferred.
14,700; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 12,800; Union
Pacific. 23.101); do preferred, 10,200; United
States Leather preferred. 1400.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 19% St J' & Om 106%
Do prefd 6*3 Do prefd 175
Baltimore & Ohio. 49% American Smelting 36
Canada Pacific... 95% Do prefd 82
Canada Southern.. 74 So Pacific 82%
Centra! Pacific 52% So Railway 11%
dies & Ohio 26% Do prefd 52%
Chi ft Alton 150 Texas ft Pacific 19%
Chi B ft Q 137. Union Pacific 45
Chl & X IM 74 Do prefd 78%
1 .-.) prefd 121 Nor ft W prefd 70%
Chi G W 14% Wabash 7%
Chi Ind & 1. 9% Do prefd 22
Do prefd 39% W ft L E (new).... _>
Chi & N W 160 Do 2d prefd 24
Do prefd 194 Express Companies—
C C C ft St L 57% Adams Ex 110 ,
Do prefd 97 American Ex 135
1 >,-■: ft Hudson . .124% United States 48
Del L ft W 120% Wells Fargo 126
Den & Rio '" 22% Miscellaneous—
Do prefd 78*4 A Cot Oil 36%
Erie (new) 18% Do prefd 92
Do Ist prefd 37% Am Spirits 6%
Ft Wayne IS4 Do prefd 30
Gt Nor prefd 171 Am Tobaccb 95
Glucose 67 Do prefd 139
Illinois Central — 117% Cons Gas I__*>_
Lake Erie & W... 18 Com Cable Co 17:*
Do prefd 71% Col F ft Iron 44
Lake Shore 201% Do prefd... 106
Louis ft Nash 77**« Gen Electric 118%
Manhattan L MIS Haw Com Co 110
"Met St Ry 22G Federal Steel 68%
Michigan Central. .lll Do prefd 81%
Minn ft St L 64% Ir.tl Paper 43
Do 2d prefd 91% Do prefd 75
Mo Pacific 45% Laclede Gas 53
Motile ft Ohio 41% Lead 30
Mo KA T 13% Do prefd 112
Do prefd 34% Brooklyn R T 118%
N J Central 118% Nat Lin Oil 3
N V Central 189% Pacific Mail 18%
N V c ft St L 12% People's Gas 121%
Do Ist prefd 68 Pullman Pal 159%
Do 2d prefd 32 Silver Certificates. 60
Nor West 30% Standard R ft T... 7%
No Amer Co 11% Sugar 158%
No Pacific 50% Do pre/d 117
Do prefd 77% T C & Iron 66
Ontario & W 27 U S Leather 5%
5r R ft N prefd... 73 i Do prefd 71%
.-.- • -■..■-- - -'.-■• - *
I Pacific Coast 39*. V S Rubber 53
Do Ist prefd 84 .Do prefd 1164
Do 2d prefd 59 Western Union 89% !
Pittsburg 184 Am S & W C 0.... 54%
Reading 21% Do prefd 94% :
Do Ist prefd 624 Cont Tobacco 40% j
R G W 33 Do prefd 9% !
Do prefd 7S National Steel 50
Rook Island 118*. Do prefd 90
St Louis & S F... 10% Colo Southern s*. j
Do prefd 704 Do Ist prefd 44 |
Do 2d prefd 37H Do 2d prefd l.*_
: St Louis & S ■—... 12'; Tin Plate 34',.
i Do prefd 334 Do prefd 84
St Paul 132% Steel Hoop prefd.. n%
Do prefd 1744 Anaconda 6*
CLOSING BONDS.
| U S 2s reg 101 ,M X & T 2ds 68%
Do 3s 108 i Do 4s 93*%
Do cou'j 108%'N T '"» * lsts. . .112*-»
U S new 4s reg... 1294 N J Cent gen 55.. 12" ;
Do coup 129% North Carolina Cs.l2i
U S old 4s reg....H_*'„ Do 4s 102
Do coup 112% N P lsts IU I
r s :.s reg 112% Do 3s 68% I
Do coup 112% Do 4s 1044
District 3.67,6 119 NYC& St L 4s. .107%
Ala class A 110 Nor & W con 45.. 9.4
Do 13 U0 Do gen 6s 189
Do .- 98 Or Nay lsts 112
Do Currency 95 I Do 4s 103
Atch gen 4s 102*%. O S- Line 6s 132
Do adjt 4s 85 ' Do con os 11.4
Canada So 2d** 11l Reading Gen 45.... *-**%
C & O 4%s 95% ROW lsts 994
) Do 5s *120 St L& I M Con 55. 111%
C & N Con 7s 1444 S L & S F Gen 65. 1234 [
Do deb 5s 122% St P Con 168 '
Chicago Term 45. .102 St P C & 1' lsts..
D'&iß'G lsts 106 Do 5s 1214
Do 4s 101** So Ry os 110 ;
E T Va & Ga lsts. 105% Standard R & T 6s 85% !
Erie Gen Is 74 Term new set 3s — 93 !
Ft W & I* C lsts. 81 Tex & Pac lsts.... 116
Gen Elec 5s 119 Do 2ds 56*5.
G II A S A 65.... 113 V P4s 106%
Do 2ds 108 Wabash lsts 117
H &T'* 5s 113 Do 2ds 103 ,
Do Con Gs 1124 West Shore 4s ...115
lowa Cent lsts ...114 Wis Cent lsts .... 77
X C P & G lsts.. 60 Va Centuries 85
La new con 4s — 107 Do deferred "«
L & N Cni 4s 98% Colo Po fca 89% ;
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 Ontario 7 50 j
Crown Point 30 Ophir 1 05 |
Con Cal & Va 2 10 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 70 Quicksilver 190
Gould & Curry 25 Do prefd SO
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 60 '"' Standard 2 10
Iron Silver 55 I'nion Con 40
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— Union Land 5
Call loans 3J-4 West End 95
Time loans 3®44 Do prefd 114
Stocks— ' Westingh Eleo ... 49
A T&St Fe 19% Do prefd 67
D prefd 604 Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 168*5. Adventure 9%
Do pre:'] lis Allouez Mln C 0.... 8%
Bell Tel 350 Atlantic 304.
Boston & Albany. 2ss .ton .<: Mont ... 35.".
Boston L 1094 Butte & Boston... -1
Boston & Maine. ..132 Calumet & Hec1a..796
Chl Bur & Q 137% Centennial 36
Ed Elec 111 200 Franklin 20
Fitch burg, prefd. .ll. _ Humboidt 24
Gen Electric IIS Osceola 90
Fed Steel 5**,% Parr. 53
Do prefd 81% Qulncy 160
Mcx Cent 144 Santa Fe Copper.. 124
Mich Tel M Tamarack 223
Old Colony 204 Winona 14
Old Dominion .... .34 Wolverines 46%
Rubber 53 Utah Mln 44
Union Pacific 45
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July s.— The Commercial Ad- I
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: I
The markets here were steady and quiet to- j
day with Americans the leading feature. The
market, however. was narrow though firm
until New York prices were received, where
upon it became buoyant and the close was at
the best. Briskness was confined to a few j
stocks. St. Paul. Union Pacific, Northern Pa
cific common. Southern and Atchison pre
ferred. The feeling here is that stocks may :
be high, enough, but the glut of dividends In '
the United States is so great owing to the
purchase of European holders that the invest
ment pressure, it Is believed, may go much ]
further. Tintos were 16%; Anacondas, 11 9-1 ; j
Utahs, 94; Bostons, 1%.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July s.— Canadian Pacific, 100%; |
Northern Pacific preferred, SO; Union Pacific •
preferred. Sl%; Atchison. 20; Grand Trunk. 8; j
Anaconda, 11%. pounds sterling: bar silver, j
27% d per ounce; money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July S.— FLOUR— 55.
--40") barrels; exports, 25,290 barrels; moderately
active and weaker. Winter patents. $3 Ss(?j4 10;
winter straits. J". 45*53 55; Minnesota patents, i
13 90*34 10; winter extras. $2 5"53.
WHEAT — Receipts. 269,331 bushels. Spot—
; Market quiet, weak; No. 2 red. 80% c, f. o. b.
! afloat; 78% c, elevators; No. l Northern Kuluth, j
S 81% c, f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Dv- |
I luth, Ss4c f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options !
j opened weak and declined prai ticiiiy all day !
; under liquidation. Selling motives were found j
in disappointing cable news, a heavy visible ,
supply increase, larse interior receipts, flne ]
crop weather and poor support. Closed weak at !
l%c net decline from Saturday's curb price; !
July, 7'.«%T,<i..*h ( c. closed 79%e: September, I
78 10-lfifiSOVic, closed 79c; December, . ■: BI%C,
closed _o*sic.
HIDES Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The metal market developed a
; healthier undertone and showed a moderate
amount of activity to-day. Cables from the
; European market and advices from Western j
i points averaged up distinctly in favor of the '
i market and stimulated buyers. At the close
I the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal, at $13 50.
; LAKE COPPER— with 318 bid and
$18 50 asked.
i TlN— Higher, with $27 374 bid and $27 624
asked.
LEAD — Firmer, with $4 50 bid and $4 55
asked. .
SPELTER— with $5 bid and $6 25 I
: asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 30 and for
copper $18 255 IS 50.
! COFFEE— closed steady. 5c higher
to Sc lower. Sales 11,500 bags, Including: July,
! $4 65: August, $4 75: September, $4 90; October.
js4 90.4 95; December, $5 30*65 35; February,
1 $6 35: March. $6 50; May, $5 55*0 6.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull, but about steady. No.
7 Invoice, 64c; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild, quiet.
Cordova. - . 13.-.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Refined, steady.
BUTTER Receipts. 18,000 packages; steady.
Western creamery. 184 c; factory. 12@14%C
EGGS— Firm; Western, 144®15c. Receipts,
'26,604 packages.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July s.— California dried fruit,
steady but quiet.
EVAPORATER APPLES— Common, 64<g-7c;
prime wire tray, 8%®8%c; choice, 8%@8%c;
fancy. 9@9*_c.
I PRUNES- 3 .'..*•■_•
APRICOTS— Moorpark, 14®18o; Royal, 14c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10__lc.
«
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO, July —Wheat opened with a
loss of %c compared with the close of last
, Saturday. All the early information was
against higher prices. The English visible
supply, which a year ago showed a decrease of
296.0C0 bushels, to-day showed an incsease of
1,358,000 bushels. Shipments from India to
European markets astonished even the bears.
They were reported at 2,000,000 bushels, mak
ing a total from all points to Europe, 8.193.000
: bushels. Spot wheat., which opened with sales
from 75c down to 74%. showed no tendency to
felly with this astonishing supply of grain
and the bears offered the markets down until
i at noon September was bringing 74%@74 1 4c.
j Covering caused a slight rally. September
j touching 74%'f174%c. The visible supply fig
ures, however, started a second decline, Sep
i tember touching 73% c. The market showed no
signs whatever of rallying and closed at 73% _
73% c for September, a net loss of _%c.
I Corn rule.d heavy in sympathy with wheat.
; September opened unchanged and closed at the
; bottom with a net loss of %c.
Stop-loss orders In oats caused a decline of
I l(§l4c. The weakness of wheat and corn
caused a stampede among September longs.
Cash demand was only fair. September closed
at the bottom, with a lon of iUl%c.
Provisions sympathized with the weakness in
grain. Large receipts of hogs also depressed
the market. September pork closed 10c lower,
and lard and ribs, 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
July 73% 734 72% 72%
September 75 75 73% 73%
December 76% 76% 75% 75%
Corn No. 2 —
July 34% 34% 83% 5.%
September 34% 34% 33% 33%
December 34 34 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
July 24 24 23% 23%
September 21% 21% 204 20%
May 23% 23% 23 23
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 8 32% 8 32% 830 830
September 555 855 8 47% 8 47%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 5 074 5 07% 6 07% 5 07%
September 5 22-. 522% 617% 20 i
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 4 75 4 75 4 76 4 75
September ...4 90 4 92% 490 490
Cash quotations were as follows: .
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 71%<g73%c;
No. 2 red, 34fi744c; No.- 2 corn, 37%
dj344c; No. 2 yellow, 34%@34%c; No. 2
oats, 24%*a24%c; No. 2 white, _8©28% c;
No. 3 white. 254f528c; No. 2 rye. 60@62c; No. 1
flax seed. $1 C 2; prime timothy seed, nominal;
mess pork, per barrel, $8 30*58 35; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 27%*<i5 30; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 7.7. 'a 4 85; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 5@
5%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5®5 10: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 49.204 57.000
Wheat, bushels 236.000 152.000
Corn, bushels 1,557,500 1,643.000
Oats, bushels 670.600 425,600 ■
Rye. bushels 8,300 65*' I
Barley, bushels 20.300 31,600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1599.
market was dull. Creameries, 12@lSc; Dairies,
_00-5% c. Cheese, firm, 7*_@l-c. . Eggs, firm,
12% c. .
LIVERPOOL FUTURE&
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9% 60% 6 2
Closing 5 9% 6 0% 6 1%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
| Opening 20 65 20.1
Closing
Flour-
Opening 43 90 28 95
Closing ' •••••
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July s.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, July 1, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follojvs: Wheat.
33.632,000 bushels; increase, 4,773,000. Corn, 13,
--: 838,000 bushels; increase. 658.000. Oats. 5,951,000
i bushels; decrease, 35.000. Rye. 722,000 bushels;
decrease, 143.000. Barley, 838,000 bushels; de
| crease 405,000.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. v
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 5.— CATTLE— There was a
j good demand to-day and the offers were well
! taken, nearly all classes of buyers taking hold
! confidently. Cattle sold at $4 65*8. 75 for heavy
, packing lots; common to good feeding, $3 50*3
i 4 35: good to prime, $4 40@C.
HOGS were in fairly active demand and a
! shade lower. Light sold at $3 So*g4 02%; mixed,
$3 75(34; heavy-, $3 60,3 97% pigs, »■• 50,3 95,
! culls, $2(3*3 60.
SHEEP— There was a fairly active demand
I to-day and prices ■ were fairly steady. Sheep
sold on a basis of $2.3 for culls up to $5_5 25
for prime ewes. Yearling, were salable for
(6 25@6 50, while spring lambs brought $4ft. 50
i for culls and $6.6 75 for best flocks.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; hogs, 39,000; sheep,
12,000.
DENVER.
DENVER. July S.— CATTLE -Receipts, 200.
Market quiet and steady. Beef steers, $3 75@
525 cows. $2 50 _ 4 50: feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 25© 4 50; stockers do, . $3 75.4 75; bulls,
1 stags, etc., $2@'3 50.
HOGS Receipts, 400. Market 7%c higher.
Light packers, $3 65(&3 75; mixed and heavy,
1 $3 77^.3 82%.
SHEEP— None.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, July The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit were as follows: Wick
son Plums, average $195; Foster Peaches, aver
age $142; Early Crawfords, average $140; St.
John, 75c@$l 35, average $121; Bartlett Pears,
average $3 25; Clapp's Favorite Peaches, aver
age $2 55; Peach Plums, 36c; Hale's Early
Peaches 91c; Royal Apricots, 9Sc; Burbank
Plums, 60c<g$l 60, average 95c; Tragedy Prunes,
95c. Nine cars sold.
NEW YORK. July s.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's pales of California fruit were as follows:
Tragedy Prunes. $1 2091 60. average $1 36 single
orates; Burbank Plums, $105© 135. average
$132; Moorpark Apricots, average $155 single
crates; Mikado, $1; Royal Anne Cherries, 60c©
$1 50, average 91c; Black Republican, 75c_$l 50,
average 96e. t ~.'
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
1 market .hows unabated strength, although the
: volume of business naturally has been cur
. tailed somewhat by the Intervention of a holi-
I day. The transactions of the week, however,
aggregate.! a large total, over 5,500.000 pounds.
Some of this wool has been taken by manu
: facturers and some of it by speculators and
: traders. Among consumers the worsted
'■ people have been the principal purchasers. The
country markets, especially those in Montana,
are very excited. During the past week ISc to
19c was paid for wools in Montana, equiva
l lent to 55c to 58c scoured. The sales of the week
at Boston amounted to 4,884,000 pounds domes
tic and -755,000 pounds foreign, a total <.: 5,639,
--000 pounds, against a total of 6,113.800 pounds
for the previous week and a total of 1,793,000
■ pounds for the corresponding week last year.
Sales since January I, 1899, amounted to 130,
--277.2'" pounds. against 56,878,310 pounds last
year at this time.
LONDON WOOL PALES.
LONDON, July 5.— A full attendance was
present at the wool auction sales to-day. The
1 catalogues offered were good and consisted of
i 18,459 bales, including a good show of merinos.
1 Scoured were in good demand and principally
I taken by' the home trade after strong compe
-1 tition with the German buyers. A large se-
J lection of crossbreds sold quickly. The with-
I drawals averaged about suO bales daily. largely
low crossbred*. A small purchase was made,
| said to be for American account.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July s.— Silver, 27% d; French
rentes, lOlf 30c; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers
I indifferent operators; cargoes on passage, nom
| inal, unchanged; English country markets.
I firm. _
LIVERPOOL. July 6. — WHEAT — Firm;
j French country markets, steady.
i COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
' 'SlN*'.
' WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter, no
! stocks; No. 1 red Northern Duluth, firm, 6s Id.
; Futures, quiet: July, 5s 9%d; September, 6s %d;
j December, ■ - '. -.1.
! CORN— Spot American mixed old. 3s 5%d.
Futures, quiet; July. 3s 1.1. September. 3s Od;
October. 3s 64d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, July s.— Clearings, $663,596; bal
ances, $91,061.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July S.— WHEAT— WaIIa Walla,
I 58@58%c; valley, 59 ./..".: bluestem. Gl'g62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July s.— Club, 5Sc; bluestem, 61% c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange. CO days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — .4 89%
i New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - .15
Mexican Dollars — 50050%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports from this port in June were
460,114 oils, valued at $525,747. making total
exports for the crop year of 1898-99 of 2,284,060
ctls. valued at $2,734,514, against 10,767,390 ctls
.it $14,679,527 for the preceding crop year.
The Crown of India takes for Cork 65,008 ctls,
valued at $73,100.
The market opened dull and weaker after the
holidays, with a decline at Chicago. The crop
bulletins were generally favorable and foreign
conditions were somewhat improved. Still,
there was a moderate foreign demand on the
seaboard. There was a decrease of 1,250,000
_U_hels on passage and an increase of 1,500,000
bushels in the English visible supply. Indian
; shipments were 2,250,000 bushels, against 840,000
last week. Antwerp advanced somewhat. Chi
cago sold liberally, which kept the market
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 08%01 10; milling,
$1 12%©1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
- Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 19%; 10,000, $1 19; 2000. $1 18%.
Second Session — December— ctls, $1 19;
2000, $1 18%: 2000, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls.
fl 18%; 8000. $1 18.4.
Afternoon Session — December — 14,000 ctls.
$1 18%; 6000, $1 18%; 10.000, $1 is%.
BARLEY — The market was lower, both on
and off call.
Feed, new, 95c; Brewing, nominal; old Brew
ing, $1 0501 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesrlon— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 92% c;
; Seller '99 new— 2ooo, 90c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new
2000 ctls, 88% c; December— 4ooo. 90. ic.
Afternoon Sehsion— Seller '99. new— 2ooo ctls.
SSc; December— 90c.
OATS— The market opened dull and nominal.
; Quoted at $1 07%01 20 for new red and $1 35®
; 1 50 for old.
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
. ket.
Small round Yellow. $1 3001 35: Eastern large
! Yellow. $1 1001 12%; White, « 1001 15; mixed,
$1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 17 %01 22%.
RYE— 97%cosl per ctl for old. New is nomi
nal.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 55; Oregon
i and Washington, $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra,
■ $3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
| lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour, $3 25- per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
I Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex-
I tra cream Cornmeal. $3 27.; Oatmeal. $4 5004 75;
j Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy, $3 2503 50: Buck
j wheat Flour. $404 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
I Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. *_ 50; Rolled
: Oats (barrels). $5 5606 95; In sacks. $6 3506 75;
! Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market opened with offerings of
i 986 tons, the accumulation of the three days'
holiday. There was nothing new, one way or
the other.
Feedstuff's stood the same.
BRAN— sl**ol6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20021 per
top; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028; jobbing,
$28 50029; Cocoanut Cake, $20__i21; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 60; Cracked Corn. $240.5; Mixed Feed,
I -$15016; Cottonseed Meal. $24026 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, $8011; Wheat and Oat,
j $809 50; Oat, $809; Alfalfa, $607 50 per ton.
■ .... « --■ . ■ -
NEW HAY— Wheat. JB®9 50 for good and $10
for choice; Wheat and Oat, $8*3:9; Oat, $7@S 50;
Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa, $fl<37 per ton.
STRAW— 20®40c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers report rather more firmness ln sev
eral kinds of Beans. Seeds are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 70®1 85; Small White, $2*5)
2 15; Large White. $150®166; Pinks. $175®,
1 95; Reds, $3 40; Blackeye, $4 10; Butters, nom
inal; Llmas, $3 90; Pea, $1 90®2 15; Red Kid
neys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2ti®3c; Flax, nominal: Canary* Seed, i
2%c per lb; Alfalfa. i._94c: Rape, 3®34c; ;
Hemp, 44®44c: Timothy, 4%®54c. •
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25®1 50; Green, $1 50
@2 per ctl. . *
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are selling well at an advance. |
Onions continue weak. All sorts of Vegetables j
are In liberal supply and the tendency is down
ward.
POTATOES— $1 90*32 25; Early Rose, [
$1 90.2; Burbanks, $1 9032 25 on the wharf.
ONIONS— 15@30c per sack for red and ;
_*"}.■ per ctl for Sllversklns. '
VEGETABLES— 50c®$l 50 per ;
box for ordinary and $1 75 _2 for fancy: Rhu- I
barb, 26065 c per box; Green Peas. 2®24c per ;
lb; String Beans, sc; Horse Beans, SOc per
saCk; Cabbage. SOc; Tomatoes. 25®75c per box; j
Rivers, $1 77.32: Egg Plant. 6®Sc per lb; Green
Okra, S®loc per lb; Garlic. 2@3c: Green Pep
pers. 43 8 c for Chile and 12 .c for Bell*. Carrots, i
30®40c per sack: Sacramento and Marysville I
Cucumbers, 15®25c per box: Bay Cucumbers, :
40® 75c; Summer Squash, 4'><3'--C for Bay; Green
Corn, 75c@$l 25 per sack for Vacaville and i
$1 60<3d 75 per crate for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.'*
A car of Eastern sold at 12©15 c for Turkeys, j
$3 50 for Ducks, $7®7 50 for Hens, $6 for old
Roosters and $+50 for Broilers. Another car
goes on to-day.
Local stock was in moderate supply and ;
quiet. - * ' „ _ j
POULTRY'— Live Turkeys, H®l3c for Gob- |
blers and ll®l3c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$131 25. Goslings. $131 27.; Ducks, $3 "'34 for
old and $4*55 for young; Hens. $4 60®o 50;
young Roosters, $6@7; old Roosters. $5.7. 50;
Fryers. $4 50*35: Broilers, $3 50©4 for large,
$2 60@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25*31 50 per dozen
for old and $1 503-2 for squabs.
Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS. .
Butter is firm, at a slight advance. Eggs ;
are in sufficient supply and quiet at previous ;
prices.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 19c; seconds,
174®ISc. _
Dairy— Fancy. 17_18c; good to choice, 16®
164 c: store, 14® l.c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. Sc: old, i _<•;
Young America. S4<39c; Eastern, 13® 15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14® 16c for store and 1.3
18c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@164c for
No. 1 and 14(g15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $37.'.-' per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears. $40®50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $20®25 per ton.
The canners are still after fruit, and Apri
cots and Plums are doing better. Canning
Plums bid fair to be scarce, but the market lt
[ overstocked with table Plums, generally culls
from Eastern shipments. Almost all the good I
Plums are going East and this market gets \
nothing but the small sizes. The same may be
said of Peaches, which are in oversupply. Bart
lett Pears are firm, but there are very few seer,
as yet. Figs are dull, and Grapes are slow of
sale. In fact, the market- was excessively
quiet all around yesterday.
Berries are generally cheaper and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. ."..-..■' ■ $1 per large box; Crabapples,
SOc per small and $1 per large box.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $2 5004 per chest;
Strawberries, $4®6 per chest for small and $2
OS for large berries; Raspberries, $3 7,03 7, per
chest; Logan berries, $63 7 per chest.
Cantaloupes, $1 27. per box and $7, per crate, j
Nutmegs, $1 25 per box and $333 50 per crate.
Grapes from Yuma, $13 125 per crate; from !
Vacaville, 60c per box.
Currants, $335 per chest.
Cherries, 7..V3J1 per box for all kinds.
Green Pears, 50c!g$l per box, according to
size; Bartletts, $131 50 per box.
Figs 26@50c for single and 75c per box for
double' layers of black and 2.'..*r.c for white.
Apricots, 50*. ■"■• per box.
Peaches, 20.50 c per box and 20®25c per bas- ;
ket; Crawfords, 50®75c per box.
Plums. 2.'. >i .'.'•■• per box; Prunes. 25® SOc per !
crate; Peach Plums, 40*_*60c per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50®2 50 |
per box; Seedlings, 750®5l 50: Mediterranean
Sweets, $132 7.0. Valenclas, $133 50; Lemons, $1 .
... 50 for common and $232 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $434 50; California
Limes -..'vi .-..■ per small box; Bananas, $1 si>® j
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $13 2 50 per dozen. |
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50*9, 5c !
for 50-60*8, 4c for 60-70' 34®3 «c for 70-So's, !
2%®8%c for 80-90*8, 24®2»ic for 90-100's and j
292% for 100-110' s; Plums, nominal, 14c for j
unpltted and 44*360 for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Apricots, July
delivery. 9®t»4c per lb; Peaches, July delivery, :
64*571*; Evaporated Apples, Sc.
RAISINS— 3S c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, l>\r. for four-crown, 4436 c for Seedless ,
Sultanas. 34c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2» 4 •'.:•-.
Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, -.■■so !
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, S3: i
9c for hardshell. 12®13c for softshell, 14© 16c for I
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4'-_'_ j
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 "■'.-..
HONEY'— Comb, 11312 c for bright and 10®llc
for light amber; water white ••-trac*'"* $>"+■
7c; light amber extracted, 64__4c; dark, $9 |
54c per lb.
BEESWAX— 27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is nothing new. Hams lead the other !
descriptions in point of activity.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per IT) for heavy,
84 _9c for light medium. 104®llc for light, 12c 1
for extra light and 124®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@124c; Califor
nia Hams. Il'-.'./l.'c. Mess Beef, $13 per bbl;
extra. Mess He. 1. $14; Family Beef. $15*315 50;
extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 50;
mess, $15315 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per Th.
LARD- Tierces quoted at 54354 c per lb for j
compound ami 64*57 c for pure; half barrels, !
pure. 74c: 10-rt> tins, 7?iSSc: 5-lb tins, B®B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6-Ji*36%c; packages,
less than 300 Tbs, 1-TTT) nails. 60 in a case. 94c:
3-1.) palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Th palls. 12 In a |
case, sue; io-tT> palls, 6 in a case. s%c; 50-Ih I
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7?sc; wooden buckets, 20
lis net, S4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 74c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7._ c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10®104c: medium, 9®94c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c: Stags. Cc; Salted . Kip, 9c: Calf, \
10c; dry Hides, sound, 164 c; culls and brands,
14c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®25c each; short
Wool, :;,',37,0c each; medium, 60®75c; long Wool,
90c@$l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2<&2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 4.*4 1 per lb; No. 1
2. -.®34c; refined, ; grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, o_illc; Foothill and North- j
crn free, 11311 c; Foothill and Northern defect- ;
ive, 93Tlc; Nevada, 11314 c: San Joaquin Foot- :
hill free, 10@>12c; do defective, B®9c: Humboldt
and Mendocino, 16®174c; Eastern Oregon, 12 _;
14c for choice and '.'3ll4** for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13*3 174 c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 54®5*_c; Wool I
Bags, 26® 28c; San Quentln Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $S; Cumberland, $S 50 in bulk and $9 50 j
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; ,
Car.nel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle |
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 1
in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com- I
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-Th bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered, :.* c; Candy Granulated, 6._ c: Dry i
Granulated, 5' 4 c; Confectioners' A, 54c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A. 44c; Extra C, 4\c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-10c more; half-barrels,
Vie more; boxes, 4c more, 50-lb. bags. %c more. j
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its 1
equivalent. - .
Imports from the Islands In June were 467,
--927 bags.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Pork are quoted steady at former
quotations. Mutton and Lamb are rather easy \
than otherwise. ' : '.- .'"""■
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7V_._-B.ic per lb for Steers and 64®7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7® 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 64®7c: Ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 743 8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%©6% c for small. 5%c
1 %c more: boxes, 4c more; 50-lb bags, %c more, '
for medium and 5*5540 for large: stock Hog.
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7®B4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Three Days.
Flour, qr sks 20.464 Chicory, bbls .... 11
Wheat, ctls 550 Lime, bbls 182
Barley, ctls 25,625 Pelts, bdls 264 1
Oats, ctls 470 Hides, No. 312
Cheese, ctls 236 Brandy, gals 193 ,
Butter, ctls 340 Wine, gals 40,050 j
Rye. ctls 570 Eggs, doz 18,000 I
Beans, sks 47 Leather, rolls .. 135
Potatoes, sks 7,074 Quicksilver, fiks. 56 I
Onions, sks 1,848 Wool, bags .-. 102
Bran, sks 915 Hops, bags .70
Middlings, sks .. 360 Hay. tons 986
Powder, car .... 1 Straw, tons S
Powder, cases.... 4 Tallow, ctls .... 248 j
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 10,543 Bran, sks 1.520
Oats, ctls 380 Feed, sks 2,010 j
Potatoes, sks .... ; 36. . _ [
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Stock and Bond Exchange stands ad
journed until Saturday morning.
. The San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
resumed business at 11 a. m. The market for
mining stocks opened .firmer, but subsequently
weakened off, as will be seen by the list of
sales. The telegram from the pump said: "No.
1 elevator has been working continuously since
last report of June 30. The water is down 183
feet 3 inches below the 1750-foot level station
and stands 5 feet 9 inches on the 1950-foot level
station."
Justice levied an assessment of 10 cents.
The dividends on deposits by the Columbia
Savings and Loan Society for the half year
ending June 30 are now payable, at the rate
of 4 per cent per annum on term and 34 per
cent on ordinary deposits.
The Onomea Sugar Company Is now paying
its first dividend of 30 cents per. share.
The Paauhau Plantation Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents per share on the 10th.
The Pennsylvania mine of Nevada County
paid a dividend (No. 30) of 20 cents per share,
or $10,300. Monday.
Two Utah mines paid dividends on the Ist
as follows: Mammoth, 20 cents per share, $80,
--000; Sacramento, $5000. "••.•■-
A meeting of the stockholders of the Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company is called for
September 8, to act on a proposition to create a
further bonded Indebtedness of $2,250,000.
The annual meeting of the Overman Mining
Company has teen called for July 19.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Germanla Lead Works will be held to-day to
consider the question of taking steps to dissolve
the corporation.
The Gould & Curry assessment of 5 cents per
share will be delinquent in the company's office
to-day. ■
The delinquent assessment sale of the Mexi
can Mining Company will be held to-day.
The Golden Channel Gravel Mining Company
of Placer County has levied an assessment of
14 cents per share, delinquent August 1.
The letter from the Justice mine says: ; On
the 370-foot level, west crosscut No. 1 from the
station was advanced 10 feet during the week,
making its total distance 207 feet from the sta
tion. The face Is in porphyry with streaks of
quartz. In the south drltt, at a point opposite
the north drift, we have cut out a, station to
sink a winze. This winze will prospect the
downward extension of the ore body found on
the 370-foot level. We will commence sinking
on the sth Inst., all work in the mine having
been suspended from the Ist to the Sth. Shipped
to Selby Smelting and Lead Works, Vallejo
Junction, on the Ist Instant. 8 tons and 805
pounds of sulphurets. The full returns of our
milling have not yet been received.
The sales on regular call at the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange for the year to date
amount to 1.320.610 shares, against 915,355 for
the same period last year.
The following letter from Acting Superintend
ent Ross, dated -July 4, was received at the
Consolidated California and Virginia office yes
terday: "Since the last weekly report was writ
ten we have been able to reach the ISOO-foot
level. The station on this level Is In fair condi
tion and the drift south of the winze Is open
for some distance There is, however, a great
deal of debris off the level, and it will take a
few days' work to show its exact condition.
We find a little water on the level, and for the
purpose of handling It we have put ln a small
pump. When the shift came off this morning
the water had been all drained out. There Is a
little water coming into this level, the source
of which I have not been able to locate, but
we will be able to care for it without any
trouble with cur present arrangements. The
air hoist and pipe line are In good condition,
and everything is on hand for the rapid re
opening of the 1800-foot level. The work will
be pushed as fast as possible. Work in the
stope of the 1750-foot level Is being continued.
All work has been suspended from 7 a. m. of
the 4th of July to 7 a. m. of the Sth."
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Equitable Gas 5 124
30 Giant Powder Con 73 50
20 Giant Powder Con 73 75
$1000Cal St Cable 5 per cent bonds 115 50
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 25
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 124
60 Vigorit Powder 3 124
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session..
200 Alta 12 100 Mexican 66
500 Andes 20 200 Mexican 67
300 Best & Belcher 60 300 Ophlr 12."
500 Best & Belcher 59 100 Ophlr 130
200 Best & Belcher Cl 100 Overman 17
600 Bullion 10 400 Potosi 52
100 Caledonia 69 400 Potosi 7.3
100 hollar 32 100 Savage 31
1150 Con Cal & Va.. 2 20 700 Seg Belcher.... 08
1000 Con Imperial.. 01 200 Sierra Nevada. 72
100 Confidence 1 CO 400 Sierra Nevada. 73
SOO Gould & Curry 44 200 Union Con 45
300 Hale & Norcrs 40 200 Union Con — 44
200 Justice 12 300 Yellow Jacket. 40
100 Mexican 65
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 371 300 Mexican 61
600 Best & Belcher 56 300 Ophlr V.l 10
300 Con cal & Va.2 10 j 200 Ophlr 1 17,
600 Con Cal & Va.2 05 1 100 Potosi 62
500 Gould & Curry 4". 900 Union Con 40
100 Gould & curry 41 j 200 Utah 16
£0 Gould & Curry 421 500 Yellow Jacket. 3S
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 .lta 10 400 Con Cal & V.2 174
360 Andes 20 1000 Con Imperial... 01
700 Best & Belcher 56 500 Gould _; Curry 40
200 Best & Belcher 60 400 Gould & Curry 42
300 Best & Belcher 59 200 Mexican 63
300 Chollar 32 600 Ophir 1174
650 Con <*al & V.2 2741 700 Ophir 1 20
250 Con Cal & V...2 27. 1 500 Overman 17
1300 Con cal & V...2 20 500 Seg Belcher.... OS
700 Con Cal & V.2 224 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes IS 500 Mexican 62
600 Best & Belcher 57 200 Mexican 59
300 Best & Belcher 56 200 Occidental .... 26
800 Bullion 09 300 Ophlr 115
200 Caledonia 68 800 Ophlr 105
800 Chollar 31 500 Overman 16
200 Con cal & V.2 174 150 Potosi 53
400 Con Cal & V...2 15 300 Potosi 51
200 Con Cal & V.2 074 500 Potosi 50
200 Con Cal & V.. .2 05 100 Scorpion 03
900 Con Cal & V...2 00 400 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Confidence 94 200 Union Con 43
200 Gould & Curry 40 200 Union Con .... 41
1300 Gould & Curry 3S 200 Union Con .... 40
400 Hale & Norcrs r>
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 5—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 — Justice 09 10
Alta 09 11 Kentuck — 05
Andes 17 18 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 36 37 Mexican 58 59
Best A Belcher 52 53 Occidental 25 —
Bullion 08 09 Ophlr 105 110
Caledonia 69 60 Overman 16 IS
Chollar 30 — Potosi 49 50
Challenge Con. 30 32 Savage 2S 29
Confidence 90 92 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal A Y'a.l 95 200 Seg Belcher ... 07 OS
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 68 70
Crown Point... 27 28 Silver Hill — 02
Eureka Con — 40 Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 03 Standard —2 50
Exchequer — 04 St. Louis 10 —
Gould & Curry 33 40 Union Con 37 39
Hale & Norcrs 38 4" Utah 15 17
Julia 02 04. Yellow Jacket. 37 38
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Orville
D. Baldwin, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
91:8 N of Pacific street, N 81:0%, E 100. S 35:2%.
E 37:6. S 9:9%. W 14:8. S 36:0%, W 123:6; .
Edgar J. and Mary H. Bowen to Caroline S.
Houghton (wife of J. F.), lot on SE corner of
Franklin and Jackson streets, S 47:8% by' E
124:3; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Hugh
R. Clark, lot on E line of Laguna street, 100 N
of Waller, N 37:6 by E 81:3; $2250.
Levy Slebenhauer to Bertha Cellarius (wife
of Charles), lot on S line of Vallejo street, 100
E of Buchanan, S 137:6 by E 37:6: $10.
Julia A. Godsll to Edward Mo 'rath, lot on-
W line of Pearl street, 200 N of Thirteenth, N
25 by W 80; $10.
Meta and Carsten Scheper to William F.
Garms, lot on NE corner of Twenty-first and
York streets. E 25 by N 93; $10.
A. B. McCreery to Richard S. McCreery, lot
on NW corner of Battery and Clay streets, N
68:9 by W 77:6; $10.
Hattle C. Bowman (Stoddard) to George
Campbell, undivided one-eighth of the follow
ing: Lot on SE line of Stevenson street. 340
NE of Second. NE 25 by SE 80; also lot on SE
line of Stevenson street. 435 SW of First, SW 25
•by SE SO; also lot on S line of Bush street, 55
E of Pierce, E 55 by S 100; also lot on N line
of Sutter street, 27:6 E of Pierce, E 55 by N
100; $5000.
G. Batta and Cnterlna Casella to Antonio
Camicia. lot on NE line of Moss place, 80 NW
of Folsom street, NW 27. by NE 75; $3500. »
Timothy Finn to Ellen Murphy, lot on NE
line of Boardman place. 75 NW of Brannan
street. NW 50 by NE 117:6: gift.
William B. Waldron to Anna M. Petre. lot
on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue, .225 N of
X street, N 25 by W 120 (quitclaim deed); $100.
Jane and John E. ' McGowan to James and
Nora Lynch, lot on E line of California avenue,
410 S of Caso, S 25 by E 70. lot 123, Gift Map 3; ■
$800.
Lucy H. and George K. Frink to Samuel
Hansen, lot on NE line of Twelfth avenue, 50
SE of P street, SE 25 by NE 100, lot 46, block
227, Gardenville Homestead: $10.
Mary and Michael Lynch to Frederick Kel
terer. lot on S line of Kingston avenue. 92 W
of Mission street, W 26 by S 1"7:6. lot 10. John
Kingston Map 2. Precita Valley lands; $700. >
."__■' Alameda County.
William E. Coles (administrator of estate of
Ellen M. Coles) to John Gllbertson. lot on S
line of Eleventh street, 75 E of West street,
E 60 by S 100, being lots 9 and 10, block 149,
Oakland; $2700.
Frederlch Sr. a*nd Louise Schimmelpfennig to
Frederick Schimmelpfennig, lot on NE line of
East Fourteenth street. 75 SE of Seventeeth
avenue, SE 50 by NE 140. being lots 4 and 5.
block 19, San Antonio, East Oakland: gift.
F. Mathiesen to John Gayettl. lot 5. In plat
or subdivision 6 of. the A. S. Ladd estate. Mur
ray Township, quitclaim deed: $10.
Fred L. Button to John S. Perira. lot on E
line of Henry street. HO N of Third. N 25 by
E 125, being lot 11, block F, Bay View Home
stead, Oakland. . quitclaim deed; $10.
John S. Perira to Glulherme F. Perelra.
same. Oakland; $10.
R. J. Montgomery to Hans and Mariane Las
sen. lot on N line of Fortv-thlrd street, 256.67 E
of Linden. E 33.33 by N IOC', being the E 33.33
feet of lot 27. block 2097. Alden Tract, at Tem
escal, Oakland; $10. ...
Jose Pimentel to Marion Pimentel. lot on «
line of Louise street. 100 S of B street. 5 '-'••
by W 133, being subdivision D in* lot 8. block
7:*2. Watts Tract, Map 2. Oakland; $300.
W. B. and Jemsha Glldden to Llllle I. Aid
rich (wife of H. S.), lot on S line of Sixteenth
street, 120 E of Grove, S 103:9. W 40, N 103:9.
E 40 to beginning, being block 266; also lot on
SE corner of Sixteenth and Grove streets,,
E 80 by S 37.. block 266. Oakland; $7,000.
Jane Stone to William J. and Clara P. Mc-
Clunle, let on SE corner of Chestnut and
Eighth streets. E 44 by S 100, being lot 1.
block 538. map of property of Mrs. Touchard,
Oakland; $10. , _
William J. and Clara B. McClunie to Ernest
S. Angel, lot on E line of Kirkham street 111.*.
S of Central avenue, S 3S by E 115. being lot 20.
block SCO, Oakland; $10. ■"•: -_ ." _ ' . ..
Isaac and Theresa Bush to L. D. Kl°«K }';
lot on NE line of East Fifteenth street 30 hE
of Twenty-second avenue. bE 30 DjrNß iw.*s De-
Ing the SE 20 feet of lot 2 and NW 10 feet of
lot 3. block 62. San Antonio. East Oakland $10.
Columbian Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Mary F. Poinsett (wlfe-of. William),
lot on N line of Blake street, .4. E Ells
worth, E 39:6 by N 134:6, bring the E M *fl feet
of lot 18, block A. Leonard Tract Berkeley . $10 .
Mary Black and Elizabeth la*.-.- to James
F. Black, lot on N line of .\dd>s... street
E of Grant. i: 100 by N 138, being lots I and 2.
in range 3. Hardy Tract. Berkeley: grant.
Mary" A.. James D.. Katie G. . Sarah B- and
John F. Christy to same, all Interest In lot on
N line of Addison street. MS >-yyy ir '.'
by N 138 being lots 1 and 2, range 3, Hardy
Tract, Berkeley: $300. »._-_ v
Thomas S. and Harriet A. Allen to -Mary F.
Poinsett (wife of William), lot on line of
Blake street, 207 E of Ellsworth. E 39.9 by N
134:6. being portion lots 1. and 18, bloc* _-.
Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $!■*.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Julia O'Connor (owner) with Ilealey &
O'Brien (contractors), architect Frank s. \an
Trees— All work for a two-story and basement
frame dwelling on N line of Vallejo street. 21.. 6
W of Buchanan, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $-197.
Louis E. Brun (owner) with C. M. Mac-
Gregor (contractor), architect A. W. Smith
All work, except iron fence, for a. two-story
frame dwelling on NE corner of Lake street
and Eighth avenue, E 7.0 by N .2; $K»3-.
Bridget A. Mahoney. widow (owner), witri
Henry Felge (contractor and architect)—
work for alterations and additions to a frame
building to make a two-story and basement
frame building (two flats) on N line of Twen
tieth street. 205 W of Guerrero, w 2o by N
114; $2100. ;_'■;■'*■■
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. _
NOTE— high and low waters <3*ccur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 6.
\ Sun rises 4:53
i Sun sets 7 :35
Moon rises -. 3:40 a. m.
C 'Time |Time| Time( .Time]
5. I ; Ft. I Ft.-- 1 Ft. —Ft.
? L W H W LXV i HW\
« ... — 0.91 11:451 4.7 4:04 3.0 10:16 6.1
7 ... 6:20'— 0.9 12:22 4.8 4:511 3.0 10:56 6.0
»-... 6:55—0.8 12:56 4.9 5:35 2.9 11:35 5.8
9... 6:24—0.5 1:29 6.1 6:20; 2.8
HwlW h w l w
10... 0:15 5.5 6:66—0.2 2:01 5.2 7:^6 2.7
11 .. 0:56! 5.1 7:29 ! o.l[ 2:30 5.2 7:55 2.5
12 ... l:40j 4.8 8:02| 0.5 3:00 5.2! 8:46( 2.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in tie left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number giVen Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
i Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 5. 1«.9.
i The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
i 1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
■ o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N.. ln charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay , July 6
Pomona (Humboldt 1 IJuly 6
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound July 6
Willamette [Seattle IJuly 7
Santa Rosa San Diego [July 7
Point Arena Point Arena July 7
San Bias Panama 'July 7
Areata Coos Bay 'July 7
Luella Yaquina Bay ...IJuly 8
San Juan Panama July 8
North Fork 'Humboldt July 8
Slam -..JNanaimo July S
Progreso (Seattle July 8
Columbia (Portland July 9
Coos Bay [Newport July 9
Czarina IPuget Sound Ijulv 9
Weeott (Humboldt July 9
Washtenaw .... Tacoraa ;July 9
America Maru. -China and Japan July 11
Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Bristol [Departure Bay July 11
Newburg Grays Harbor July 11
Corona San Diego July 11
Bonita Newport ..'July 13
I
From.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, ' Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
bqullle .Grays HarbcrJulv 6. 2 Pier 28
ttvof Rlo.'«'htn-i& Japan! July 6. 1 pmIPMSS
.loha 'Point Arena. .[July 6. 3 Pier 2
' Dollar... Ports.] July 6,12 m Pier 13
(onita .... Newport July 7. Jam Pier 11
tate of Call Portland IJttly 7. 1» am Pier 24
■ulton Oregon PorteUJuly 7. 10 am Pier 2-1
leveland .|Puget Sound.. July 7, 9 am Pier 2
.capulco ..'Panama July S. 12 m|PMSS
r. Maru !China& Japan July 8, 1 PMSS
rcata Coos Hay July 8, 10 am Pier 13
omona 'Humboldt July 8, 2 Pier 9
anta Rosa San Diego July 9, 11 am Pier 11
uracao ...JMexlco IJuly 9, 10 am Pier 11
r.illa W...lV|c & Pet July 10. 10 amlPler 9
,>eott Humboldt July 10. 2 Pier 13
,uella Oregon Ports. July 10. 3 pmlPier 2
't. Arena. .lPolnt Arena. .l July 10, 2 'Pier" 2
z.irlna iPuget Sound.. July 11. 12 m Pier .8
r,os Ray. . . JNewport July 11, 9 am Pier 11
•olumbla Portland (July 12, 10 am Pier 24
larlposa ..ISvdn»v IJuly 12. 2pm Pier 7
orona . San Diego 'July 13. 11 am Pier 11
Steamer. ]
Destination. !
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. July 5.
Stmr Bonita, N^colson, 74 hours from New
port (S), etc.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, 11 days from
Tacoma. *.: ": -
Schr Mary E Russ, Wikender, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Berwick. Ostiin, 5 days from Grays Har- I
bor.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Flshermans Bay.
Schr J Epplnger. Colstrup, 24 hours from ;
Fish Rock.
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen, 4". days from Ne
halem Bay.
Schr Marion, Genereaux, S days from Everett.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, July 5.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall, '•
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla. JeDsen, Victoria, etc. ; j
Goodall. Perkins A- Co.
Stmr State of California, Astoria; Goodall, i
Perkins & Co. ■ I
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo; R ,
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 5.
Stmr George Loom is. Badger. Ventura.
Stmr City cf Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. Greenwood.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockileth. Crescent City. ;
Stmr South Const. Strand, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC. ; _.j__ ..... •
POINT LOBOS, July 5, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS. '".*■*:>-"
The Chehalis loads lumber on the Columbia
River tor Sydney. 41s 3d; Dunreggan, wheat at ,
Portland for Europe, 355.
The Bertie Minor loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu; Elm Branch, lumber on the :
Sound for a Chinese port; Sonoma, lumber on ;
the Sound for Sydney, 455.
SPOKEN.
June 5. lat 12 S, lon 34 W— Br ship Benicia, J
from Hamburg, for San Diego.
June 23, lat 48 N. lon « W— Br ship Cambus
kenneth, from Newcastle. England, for San I
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 4— Br stmr
Elm Branch, from Vladivostok.
TACOMA— Sailed July s— Schr John A Camp
bell, for San Pedro.
MENDOCINO— Arrived July s— Schr Golden
Gate, hence June 29.'
NEWPORT (Si - Arrived July 5 — Schr Se- ]
quoia, from Fort Bragg.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 3— Schr Web
foot, for San Francisco; schr Ruby*A Cousins,
for San Francisco. ■:■-■■■'■'
Arrived July 3— Schr La Glronde, from
Hueneme. " •.-•.>_..;-.
USAL— Arrived July 4— Stmr Navarro, from |
Hueneme.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed July s— Schr Lottie !
Carson, for Eureka.
REDONDO— Arrived July 2— Schr Reporter,
from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived July s— Stmr Ruth, hence '•
July 3. !
Sailed July s— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran- :
cisco.
SAN PEDROj-Satled July 5— Stmr Cleone. for
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 6— Schr |
Corinthian, hence July 2: schr Mary Etta,
hence June 30.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NICOLAEFSKI— Arrived prior July Schr
Volunteer, hence April 13. »-_— #
Sailed June S-hr Endeavor, for l u »^
Sound. June 30— Schr Nokomls. for fu^t
Sound. July 2— Schr Annie M Campbell, for
Puget Sound. _ ,_..
CARDlFF"— Arrived July 4— Br ship City or
Florence, from Tacoma. : . "*_'-■ _-__,_„_
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 4— Br ship Grena
da, from Tacoma.:-- - - '■•■'■ .. __«___
HAMBURG— SaiIed June 29— Br ship Glen
doon, for Port Los Angeles. . , . __♦_'_.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior July 4— stmr
Alameda, hence June 15. '''■_
VANCOUVER— SaiIed July 4— Be stmr Tar
tar, for Nanaimo and San Francisco. ■■
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Sailed- July o— snip
Eclipse, for Honolulu. _ '
. NANAlMO— Arrived July 4— Br stmr Tartar,
from Vancouver; Aus stmr Siam. hence June
29. « ■■•-,- :
SANTA - ROSALIA — Arrived July 4— Bktn
Quickstep, from Grays Harbor, 17 days.
IQUIQUE— SaiIed July. 3— Bark Highland
Light.' for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 2— Br ship The
Hahnemann, for Oregon. . - ...
Arrived July — Br stmr Doric, hence June 17.
SYDNEY— Sailed July s— Br stmr Moana, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 5— stmr Bremen,
from Bremen, etc.: stmr Noordland, from Ant
werp; stmr Teutonic, from Liverpool.
Balled July 5— Stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton; .-tmr Britannic, for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July s— Stmr Carman
shire, from San Francisco.
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed July s— Stmr Moana,
for Sao Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July Stmr Catalo
nia from Boston, for Liverpool; stir.- Penn
land. from Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM July 4— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July 5 — Stmr
Trave, from New York, via Cherbourg, for
Bremen.
GLASGOW— July s— Stmr Ethiopia,
I from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 4— Stmr Pretoria.
! from New York, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— July s— Stmr St
! Paul, from New York.
Sailed July s—Stmr5 — Stmr Prince Regent Luitpold,
i from Bremen, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrive*! July *— Stmr Pre
: toria, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg, and proceeded.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously July s*—
i stmr Aztec, from San Francisco, via Yoko
hama; stmr Belgian King, via Yokohama.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
■ta- Steamers leave Broadway
lß'K B| wharf, San Franr!*>_o:
Ks-*7___ for Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
gk*_>V*3__ July 5. 10. 17. 20. 25. 30. August
rSk _____**l_k_ 4, change at Seattle.
|^s__vS«__3 _____ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
32 !__£____. 1 C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
l'^^£sSmA Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
v?^ 10 a. m. July 5. 10, 15, 20. 25.
30, August 4. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma. to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., July 3,
?. 13. 18, 23, 28, August 2, and every fifth day
thereafter. _.
For Santa. Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
> Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis ■ Obispo).
I Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
I Newport. 9 a. m.. July 3. 7, 11. 15, 19. 23. 27. 31.
August 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
; ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
I Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
j m.. July 1. 5, 9. 13. 17, 21, 25. 29. August 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Er.Eenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
, Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mer.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. -.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
! and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — _ New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC * 12 First Class including Berth*
IMf-l- SS Second Class uad Meals.
Columbia sails June 22; July 2, 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; July 7,
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points „• in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
230 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COASrSTEAMSHIP CO7
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY. CAPE NOME and all points on tha
TX'KON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE, 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork July IZJFt. Louis ....August »
i St. Paul July IS* ■ St. Paul August 18
New York ..August 2' New York - ..August 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Frcm New York Every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Noordland July l3*Southwark ...August.
. Friesland July IT Westernland ....Aug. 9
Adria July 26' Kensington ....Aug. 16
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas.
■ • - -■- sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
*•-* ncr First and Brannan streets, Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling' at
Kobe dliogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day •
of sailing.
NIPPON MAUI' Saturday. July <*
AMERICA MAPI' -....Saturday. July 21
HONGKONG MART" Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., Corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
©H-Pfl-SfitV-fl *"•• S - Mariposa sails
__^r-**___2_fi§__!l__ vi ' ! Honolulu nr.l
_■-**_■___.__■ Auckland for Sydney
■ xTj£,MB__ . . Wednesday. July 12.
a^< v a at 10 n - m *
________f^lrl_P.ShlD^ a T he P S. , S. Australia
m_f_X_W CyiWlllJlllU p a ii s  Honolulu
<£^ (SWBTO- £ 2 dn p ni y - July M *
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific -t Fre' a ht Office. 32 7 Market SL
COMPAONI. GENERAL*. TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ,*•____.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <__JT^"'>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •-"***-***?"*■'■»
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. July 8; LA
NORMANDIE, July 15: LA BRETAGNB, July
22; LA GASCOGNE, July 29: LA TOURAINE,
August 5. First-class to Havre, $55 and up-
ward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom-
. cry aye.. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURO.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, .7 Broadway New York
HERZOG ft CO.. Gen Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Snnsome. an.
118 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. COKCORA_M
Will leave Washington-street wharf at I a. ra.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at . 8 p. m,
dally (excepting Sunday). '
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wml,, ThUfrl and Sat. ct 3-45
a. m., 1:15, 8:30 p. in. (p*. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and mso; Hundnys. 10:30 a. nu. S
p. m. Landing and Ofne*. Mi»*lon street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Tvleplioti. Main 160?.
FARE «_.SHE BEAT A
JILTED LOVER
WITH A CLUB
. — a
Frances Dugan's Act
of Bravery.
— —
BRUNETTE WIDOW WAS ANGRY
— * — _
BECAUSE W. a. McNAUGHTON
FOLLOWED HER.
— — ♦
Soundly Thrashed the Man Who
Made Love to Her and Who
Owed for Board and
Lodging.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.'
POS Broadway. July 5.
Mrs. Frances Dugan. a pretty,'unassum
ing widow of CS, residing with her aged
mother at 273 Ninth street, has demon
strated her ability to defend herself .with
th.- aid of. a club, against the obnoxious
attentions of a jilted lover twice iter
The petite widow created an exciting
scene on Ninth str.-et. between Broad
way and Franklin, last night by wield
ing a club on W. A. McNaughton with
telling eftect. M ghton had ap
proached her at the corner, of Broadway
and Ninth street while she "as on her
way home from a shopping tour, and
stated that he desired to speak with her.
Mrs. Dug.in vigorously declined to be In
terviewed, advising McNaughton not to
molest her. He persisted, however, in
forcing hts attentions upon; her. when she
rushed into the street and picking up a
large stick of wood vigorously applied
it to him. When the club was taken from
her she made effective use of her lily
white fists, until a crowd "' spectators
approached, when assailed and assailant
separated and went their ways In differ
ent directions.
McNaughton expressed no inclination to
discuss the affair further than declaring
Mr« Dugan a dangerous woman. The lat
ter however, made no secret of the cause
that led up to M :Naught< s severe pun
ishment. '.'_  
"I do not deny that I neat Mr M■-
Naughton with a club." said Mrs. Dugan
to-day. "and 1 heat him good and hard.
too If he .ever comes around to my
home again he will be sorry he ever
en 1 1 *>.*-. i. . , __
••Mr McNaughton is a married man
over .VI years of age. He, has been mar
ried twice. His wife is now in Canada,
and he has five or six children, some
crown up. For a long time he roomed
and board. .1 with us. He owes us consid
erable, hm frequently sent around gro
ceries, which he regarded as^Csort of
partial payment' But lately bills began
coming in-one for S6. from Grocer Da
vis-incurred by McNaughton; and nat
urally we wouldn't pay it.
l_To make things worse this man made
love to me frequently, until I could stand
it no longer, and we ordered him to seek
elsewhere for board and lodging.
"When I went up town last nieht he
approached me is I went into a store I
told him to keep away, but he insisted
on following me. and finally I became
desperate and beat him good* and hard.
I luess I pm quite able to defend myself,
iff] have been so unfortunate as to lose
m "I hear "that he has written, or had
some friend write, a letter to a news
paper, in which he says I used terrible
language When I beat him. Well. 1 deny
hat and consider the source, but in
ever comes around my house again he 11
know why he called."
INCENDIARIES FOILED.
An Unsuccessful Attempt to Set Fire
to the House of James Scott
on Virginia Street.
BERKELEY, July s.— Some unknown
persons made an attempt last night to
burn the residence occupied by James
Scott near the corner of Virginia and
Grant streets. At a late hour a box full
of inflammable materials was push. Into
th» basement' if the house and lighted.
Fortunately the flames were discovered in
-ime to avert serious danger.
I The perpetrators of the deed had cvi-
The _ ,eed had , yy
dentlv laid their plans with some delib
eration. They had secured a large basket
full of nieces of paper, shavings and kind
ling wood. These combustibles were
thoroughly soaked in kerosene arid placed
under the" house. The flames gained con
siderable headway before attracting the
attention of the people within the house,
Mr Scott, who, with his three small
children, had retired some hours pre
vious was awakened by the smoke and
succeeded ln extinguishing the flames be
fore much damage was done. _he floor
and the underpinnings were already on
tire before the blaze was discovered. In
vestigation showed that the fire was with
out doubt of incendiary origin. The only
clew that can be found to the identity of
the guilty parties is a German newspaper
remaining in the bottom of the basket.
Had Several Ribs Broken.
OAKLAND, July Henry Pape, a
painter residing at Klmhurst. while driv
ing along the county road to-day was
thrown from his wagon, lining sev
eral broken ribs and a severe gash over
the eye. His horse had become fright
ened by an electric car and he lost con
trol of the animal.
GRAPE -NUTS.
o-o-o-o-e -•-©-© -•-©-©
<__
! A Pullman J
. Palace Car Man •
J . . ON . . *
I GRAPE=NUTS;
— (See below.) £
o-o-o-#-o-a-o-o -«-e-o
"In the morning, when you don't
have very much of an appetite, just fill
your coffee cup about one-third full i if
Grape-Nuts, then fill up with hot coffee,
sweeten to taste, stir 'well and let set-
tle. Now try your coffee. Why, man,
It will make your hair curl. After
drinking your coffee add a little more
sugar and eat your Grape-Nuts with a
spoon, and my word for it you will feel
like a fighting cock until dinner time.
If you never have, and want something
End, try it once."
The above is from a Pullman palace
car man who starts out by saying that
"Grape-Nuts are fine with cream, but
let me tell you what to do when the old
cow goes dry." We would further sug-
gest that persons who have trouble In
digesting coffee use Postum Pood Cof-
fee for the morning meal and try th"
Grape-Nuts with it instead of with or-
dinary coffee.
Both Grape-Nuts and Postum contain
certain elements that are of great value
in. rebuilding the human body. Price
15 cents per package. ■
OAKLAND AND SUBURBS
SCHAFFER TELLS
WHY HE OPPOSES
MR. MILLER
Result of a Little
Banquet.
." - — • —
HIS MEN TURNED AWAY
.. « —
COUNCILMAN WILL CALL AN IN
DIGNATION MEETING.
The Street Superintendent Referred
Schaffer to Some of the
Latter's Published
Remarks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July >.
Councilman Schaffer and Street Superin
tendent Miller have met and parted in
anger. No blows were struck; but wounds
were Inflicted thai will take longer to heal
than bruises.
The two gentlemen met at the City Hall
to-day and each had a grievance. Mr.
Schaffer gives tlie following view of the ;
situation and the events leading up to it. i
"Last Saturday," he said, "I went to
Mr. Miller's office at the City Hall by
his invitation. He told me that he had
no men from my ward— the Sixth— in the
Street Department, and that if I would
send some men to him with my card he
would put them to work. On Monday last
1 sent three men to Mr. Miller with my
cards, an*! when they presented them
they were told thai no men from mi need
expect anything. I was more than sur
prised, and asked Miller why it was so.
He showed me an Interview that I gave
to a reporter, and told me that he had
no use for any of my men.
"1 told him lip was not the Czar of Oak
land and that it was un-American to de
prive an*) honest men of a job because
he happened to have a difference with
me. If this spirit be shown by Mr. Miller
toward street work in my ward, what
chance is there for any Improvement?
Mr. Miller knows I am not in favor of
him for Street Superintendent, believing
him to be Incompetent. I shall call an in
dignation meeting in my ward to protest
against such - hods."
Tiie little interview*, that caused the
rupture was a result of that quiet ban
quet at' Councilman Taylor's house last
week. Mr. Schaffer was not invited, and
when asked for an opinion said :
"I do not feel offended because 1 was
not invited. Mr. Taylor has a right to
invite to his house any person whom lie
pleases. That is no concern of mine. I
have the same privilege.
"I do not know why I was not invited,
unless because I am not for Miller for
Superintendent of Streets. They all know
that. Mr. Barstow is not for Miller. Mr.
Kramm is not for Miller.
"I don't think that the Council has a
right to meet in private for the purpose
of jamming Mayor Snow into appointing
Mr. Miller Superintendent of Streets— a
man who he has already said is too ex
pensive for the place.
"The Major has said that Miller Is too
••xpensKe. I .-:: not for Miller and they
know it. He is known to the people as
being expensive, and they have expressed
themselves to the feet that they do not
want him in office."
Mr. Miller will therefore keep Schaffer's
men out of the Street Department, and
Mr. Schaffer will go ahead and organize
his Indignation meeting.
MORE CHARGES MADE
AGAINST LAMBORN
WAR AMONG ALAMEDA'S OFFI
CIALS GROWS BITTER.
City Trustees Accused of an Attempt
to Reduce the Retail Liquor
License.
ALAMEDA, July s.— To-day the roar of
the heavy verbal artillery ' employed by
the warring factions of the city govern
ment took the place of the popping of fire
| crackers and the sizzling of rockets.
; Yesterday patriotism Impelled the citi- i
I zens to make as much noise as possible. !
j To-day the air is tilled with the din from
; whole broadsides of "caustic verbiage" \
i and mud that is being fired back and
forth by the city officials who do not dwell |
in harmony.
Trustee Schulte reiterates his charges !
of juggling with city funds made Monday
night against City Clerk Lamborn. . He I
goes further and states that the case of ;
Crocker & Co. cited at the meeting of the
Board -i! Trustees is but one of many and !
names a few more instances. He denies
\ that there is or has been .anything queer
about his official transactions and boldly
defies the clerk to drop the bombshell that j
Is to shake the Encinal from the tidal
. canal to Trustee Miller's oil works.
"After 1 was Informed of the Crocker
case," said Mr. Schulte to-day, "I went j
to the City 'Jerk's office and asked to be
allowed to see the books and the amount
due the firm mentioned. Shortly after that
visit Lamborn 'dug up' the cash in a hurry |
and took It upon himself to go to San |
Francisco and pay the bill.
"The Crocker transaction is not the only
; Instance of a similar nature that has been
' brought to the attention of the City Trus
-1 tees regarding the peculiar methods
adopted by Lamborn in the payment of
bills against the city. Complaints have
been made *by the Dunham, Carrigan &
Hayden Company, Paul Seller and George
Redding. All of these cases will be In
vestigated thoroughly.
"Regarding my own official transac
tions which I_amborn terms 'queer,' I
defy him to show any crooked work on
1 my' part in connection with municipal
matters."
In reply to this I_amborn says that his ;
bond as City Clerk Is sufficient to cover
anything that bears his signature and j
that if warrants have been drawn in favor
i of any of the firms mentioned and he has
received tin- money on them it is news to
i him. -.'.•--.-.-." r-vv',. :■- ■•■■■■
And all of this pulling and hauling has
resulted, as The Call predicted, in some
'' official secrets being made public. The
most Important of these is the statement
that the Harmonic Hall majority ln the
Board of City Trustees Intended to intro
dure- an ordinance at last Monday night's
meetng reducing the liquor license from I
1500 to $-101 per annum, and would have
done so had the document been prepared |
by City Attorney Taylor. At the last city
ejection both parties declared in favor of
the present license, and four years ago.
wh'*n the question was submitted to the
voters; there was an overwhelming ma
jority against any change ln the ordinance
regulating the - -. loon business.
City Clerk Lamborn says he is preparing
a statement In which he will specify the
transaction*" of the Trustees which he
considers to be -.veer. The citizens gen
erally have reached the conclusion that
where there is so much smoke there must
(,*- some fir".
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. July 5.— A vacant store
building •■'■ Park reel opposite the city
electric Htfbt work. was destroyed _•>•
fire at an early hour this morning. Ine
l.r.ioettv is owned by Mrs. C. Bheppard
and lr slated to be fully insured. Chief
Kr .uih ot the Kin* Department is of the
opinion that the bleze was the work of
a "w " i' Dillon) who left Alameda sev
eral' months ago for the Atlln mining
district; returned Monday. He was at
tack,.. with snow blindness and for a
time it was f.artd he would lose his eye
bight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSPAY, JULY 6, 1399.
OAKLAND'S FIRST
JULY WEDDING
MISS RUTH BIRD PUGH.
-I- y-^. 1 x\*D July ..-Miss Ruth Bird Pugh is to he married Thursday f
T A atfernoon to Clyde H. Sunderland at the home of her mother Mrs. T
3. j Frances M Pugh, 1572 Tenth avenue. East Oakland. Miss Pugh has i.
_•' yy* endeared herself to her friends by her charming manners and the +
4. y-r willingness «he always displays to use her beautiful, trained voice at •£
t entertainments. Following a custom lately coming into vogue, the bride has V
T chosen her mother to be bridesmaid, and Alice Heistand, a pretty little miss T
X with golden curls, will be the flower-bearer. <• 4*
4- Rev lOr Jam— Sunderland, father of the groom, will perform the cere- A
? m.mv in the parlors of the home, which have been elaborately decorated for *
© the occasion Clark Pugh. who is a deputy in the County Clerk's office, will 9
» act as best man Mr. Sunderland is an insurance manager and was formerly 9
© a newspaper man. After the wedding he will take his bride to Southern Cal- •
c "ornia and after the wedding trip Mr. and Mrs. Sunderland will reside in 9
9 East Oakland. a
_> ___,___ l ___ l ___i__fc___i_S
§>•••••• _44-»w^w-4H -wwhw 1 : : : iii 1 : ;::••••••••
PETITIONS FOR
FACILITIES TO
KEEP CLEAN
Weber Proud of His
Twelve Children.
■
— ♦
PREVENTED FROM WASHING
— » - .-
CITY COUNCIL PROMISES A
SPEEDY RELIEF.
Residents of Annexed District Do Not
Take Kindly to Being Kept
Without a Sewer
System.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 5.
"Gentlemen, I have twelve children and
I wash them every day. If I am not given
permission to lay a sewer we cannot
wash. Gentlemen, I implore you not to
send me home to tell my twelve children
that they cannot wash to-morrow."
Such was a part of a long prayer for a
sewer read In the City Council by Henry
"Weber, one of Oakland's annexed resi
dents, who lives at Fortieth street and
Telegraph avenue. Never has a more
original document been read and placed
on file than that of the father of the
twelve Temescal children. All the Coun
cllmen acknowledged the force of the
parent's remarks and pledged themselves
to afford the speediest relief possible.
Although two years have elapsed since
annexation was decreed by a special elec
tion, nothing has been done to give the
district a proper sewer system, the suit
to declare annexation Invalid delayed
matters of improvement one year but the
annexed residents have continued to pay
taxes and now they want about $4000 ex
pended to procure a plan which will be
permanent and to which all property own
ers must conform. At present there are
hundreds of cesspools within the city lim
its, though they are prohibited under the
ordinance. ._ ,
Henry Weber, with many others, has
petitioned for permission to build a sewer,
but some large property owners have pro
tested against sewers until such time as
a system shall be devised which shall be
good for all time. Weber brought two of
his pretty young daughters to the (.ouncil
chamber with him. so that the honorable
members might see how great a hardship
lt would be if such young misses and
their ten brothers and sisters were denied
the use of soap and water.
"Is lt right, gentlemen, to persecute me
this' way?" said Weber. "All my cess
pools are full, and I run the waste water
from mv house, where fifteen of us live.
into the gutter until I was ordered to
stop I ran It Into cesspools until they are
all full, and if we wash ourselves to-mor
row the sewage will overflow and will run
into the street and 1 shall be arrested by
the Board of Health. My doctor tells me
that my children are not enjoying the best
of health and that lt Is because of these
cesspools. I am willing to pay for good
sewers and I worked hard for annexation
because we were promised that we should
have some good sewers, but nothing has
been done. Gentlemen, you have no Idea
what we suffer this warm weather. Some
of the protestants are non-residents, some
need no sewers and only one has a right
"i am"proud of my family. I have In
"I am proud of my family. I have In
vested mv earnings where I live and do
business, and I don't want to go to jail
because I insist on cleanliness in my
h _S_- e ' Weber's protest carried the day.
The Council promised him that lt
would at once pass an ordinance appro
bating $4000 to prepare a perfect sewer
system for the district, and that all prop
erty owners would be ordered to build It
as soon as the plan Is ready.
County Assessor's Values.
OAKLAND. July s.— The County Asses
sor's rolls are almost complete, and in
cluding the decrease In Oakland city s as
sessment the total reduction will be, as
Ilready stated in The Call, about $1,600,
--000
The two national banks in this city
hive been assessed at about $280,000. This
will also raise the total county assess-
m 4lameda was assessed in IS9S at $10.
--598.,.7"? this year at $10,557,430, making a
loss of $1025. • , _ . „
Berkeley was assessed last year at $7.
--042860; this year at $7,280,025, making a
g Lrveimore'shows a loss of $975. The as
sessment this year was $549, and last
rt-HaySarS shows a gain. of $4100. The
assessment this year Is $755,475; last year
rolls will be turned over to the Su
pervisors next Monday.
y "v ■."■'• Priors Against Arlington.
OAKLAND. July s.— The criminal record
of Charles Arlington, who has been held
to appear before the Superior Court on a
charge of bunkoing Mrs. Minnie Smith,
was received from the San Quentln au
thorities to-day by. District Attorney Ai?
CLYDE H* SUNDERLAND.
len. It shows that Arlington has twice
served time for bunkoing women. He
served three years from 1882 to 1885, and
later ten years, being released in 1593. He
was convicted of grand larceny in both
Instances. These priors will be used
against Arlington at his coming trial, and
in the event of conviction mean life im
prisonment.
KEATING RESIGNS.
Is Required by the Supervisors to
Take This Course.
OAKLAND, July ."..—William Keating.
Warden of the Insane, tendered his resig
nation to the Supervisors to-day, and it
was at once accepted.
Previous to accepting the resignation,
the following -resolution was adopted.
Wells and Roeth voting no:
Whereas, this hoard has examined
into the charges preferred against W.
J. Keating, keeper of the insane at the
Receiving Hospital.
Whereas, as the result of such ex
amination nothing has been discovered
that would tend to show said Keating
to have been other than indiscreet.
Whereas, his conduct has affected,
injuriously, the credit and reputation
of the department over which he has
had charge; now therefore be it
Resolved, That said Keating be re
quested to present his resignation to
take effect July 15, 1869.
Ex-Constable James Page will succeed
Keating.
WILKIE'S SAD CONDITION.
Recent Attack of Typhoid Has Af-
fected the Well-Known
Tenor's Mind.
OAKLAND, July s.— The recent attack
of typhoid fever experienced by Alfred
Wilkie of 733 Telegraph avenue has left
the well-known tenor in a condition more
alarming than was at first supposed. His
condition has been growing steadily worse
the past week, until he Is at presnt a
physical and mental wreck, his mind be
ing seriously impaired.
Dr. H. S. Buteau worked over the af
flicted tenor for several hours last night
with artificial respiration. Each time the
patient became temporarily conscious he
would rave like a madman. Finally it
was necessary to apply straps and man
acles.
Dr. Rucker, the expert on Insanity, has
been taken into consultation, and though
he considers Mr. Wilkie's brain trouble
of a temporary nature it has been ad
vised that the tenor be removed to some
sanitarium for treatment, where he can
enjoy absolute quiet for a few weeks.
Landed Fifty Years Ago.
ALAMEDA, July s.—James W. Burn
i ham, the real estate dealer, will be the
; host at a unique reunion to be held at
i his Alameda home, 1837 Clinton avenue.
i His solitary guest will be W. H. Smith
of Antioch. who is the only survivor on
j the coast besides Burnham of all those
; who landed in San Francisco on July ii.
1849 from the brig Forest, which sailed
; from Boston January 11. 1--4!'. Burnham
was the youngest of the Forest people,
being now only 63. Smith, who Is 91 years
old will be escorted from and to his
: home by his shipmate of fifty years ago.
'■ James W. Burnham is the youngest mem
ber of the California Pioneers. Out of
' the Forest's crew and her sixty passen
'•■ gers there survive, besides Burnham and
Smith W. W. Chase of Barnstable, Mass.,
and Captain Pettlnglll of Newburyport,
Mass. -.- :'■."'..'. '-.•'■■■
■ m .
Charged With Intent to Murder.
OAKLAND, July *..—A charge of assault
! with a deadly weapon with intent to mur
i der has been placed against June C. Den
! nis, who was arrested last night for par
ticipation in the stabbing affray at Plitts
vllle Park. Similar charges have been
preferred against George, Andrew and Jo
seph Dennis by Charles H. Jackson, the
colored cook who sustained seven ugly
knife wounds. Warrants have been Is
sued. Jackson, who was charged with
battery, was released this afternoon and
j removed to his home on Campbell street.
Left His Nine Children.
OAKLAND, July s.— John Pierson, the
father of nine children. Is missing, and his
wife has asked the police to aid her in the
search for her husband. Mrs. Pierson
says that he drew $2000 out of the bank
and has not been home since. The Pier
sons owned a ranch in Dakota, but re
cently they sold lt. Their home is at
East Twenty-first street and Twenty-third
avenue.
Disowned by Her Daughter.
OAKLAND, July 5.- Miss Jennie Jones,
aged 16 years, to-day petitioned the Su
perior Court to have Mrs. Harriet Lank
tree of Alameda appointed her guardian.
The young lady in her petition alleges
that her mother is not a fit and proper
person to care for and have control of
her daughter. '.'.:,.*•"..'■■
Gilligan's Fate in the Balance.
; OAKLAND, July s.— The trial of James
Gilllgan for the murder of Jockey Ep
pinger at the race track was concluded
this afternoon. The Jury retired at 4
o'clock and not having reached a ver
dict at 11 o'clock to-night it was locked
up till court opens to-morrow morning.
Death of G. G. Waters.
. BERKELEY. July s.— George Gilbert
Waters, a well-known resident of North
Berkeley, passed away last night after
an illness of several weeks. Deceased
was -75 years of age and a native of New
Brunswick. Canada. His residence in
Berkeley had extended over eighteen
years. He leaves behind two sons, Will
iam C. Waters and R. J. Waters. . The
funeral services are to be held at the
residence, corner of Louisa and Berryman
streets, to-moarow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The remains will be shipped to Monterey
. J^or interment.
CONFIDENT OF
A NEW TRIAL
FOP HER SON
— ♦
Abe Majors Writes to
His Mother.
_ . ♦ _ .
REITERATES HIS INNOCENCE
MRS. WAGNER IS DEPENDENT
ON CHARITY.
♦
Could Not Have Ssid Farewell to Her
Boy if His Execution Had
Not Been De
layed.
-a—
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■» _ Broadway. July 5.
The dispatch from Salt Lake City in to
day's Call stating thai Abe Majors, the
boy bandit, hud been granted a r_spite,:
was the first intimation hi.-- mother had
' that her boy was not to be shot on Friday
for the murder of Captain Brown of Box
Elder County.
Several weeks ago, in a letter to., his
mother, young Majors assured her that
he did not fire the shot that killed Brow
! but that the fatal bullet came from
Archie's gun the moment before the latter
was killed by the posse: He said that be
did not wish to pose as a coward seeking
to place his own- crime to the account of
his dead brother, but he was not anxious
to pay the penalty of a deed he had not
committed. Abe declares tnat there was
not a single bullet out of ms revolver
when it was taKen trom him after the
j fatal night in the hills.
Abe Majors has given his version or
the affair in freauent letters to his
mother. He declares that he and Archie
were passing through the country looking
for work, and that they were shut at by
a Sheriffs posse that was looking for
some highwaymen who had committed
various needs of robbery and viol nee.
Seeing the lads, the posse surrounded
them and opened fire, and Abe says that
his brother did not fire till after the
j police, while he never fired a shot. Some
j of these facts were published in The Call
a month ago and led to the efforts on the
boy's behalf that resulted in a stay of
' execution.
Mrs. Majors-Wagner, the boy's mother,
: is paralyzed at her home in this city. She
Is dependent upon friends for her nursing
and support, and at times her mind
! wanders. Had her boy been shot Friday
she would have been unable to take a
farewell of him on account of her poverty.
She has to support two children of h*r
'■. second husband. Wagner, who lives in
'■ San Francisco, is excused from paying
, alimony because he has another wife and
i children now dependent upon him.
Mrs. Majors-Wagner is firmly convinced
of her boy's innocence and believes he was
- convicted main!*.- owing to his previous
, record. When told that the case had been
taken to the Supreme Court, she was
overjoyed and she is confident that the
verdict will be reversed.
SALARIES HELD UP.
Auditor Wells Will Not Allow the \
Sewer Commission's Bills.
Auditor Wells will not allow the bills ;
j for salaries and supplies for the new
■ Sewer Commission. At last Monday's
i meeting of the Board of Supervisor, au
thorizations were passed allowing Com- |
i missioners Mansen and Grunsky $1500 each j
I on their salary accounts. In addition the
[ Commission has found it necessary to |
; purchase some supplies. These are now
all in the Auditor's hands, and he an- i
nounced yesterday that none of them
would be allowed.
Auditor Wells gives as his reasons for I
not passing on the hills that they were i
new- accounts and not necessary, and he \
did not believe they should be paid in ad
vance of bills already Incurred. More- I
over, he was ln doubt as to the legality
of the order of the Supervisors creating
■ the Sewer Commission, and as he was not ;
i authorized to secure an opinion from an
attorney he was unable to decide that
i point. The Auditor said he supposed the
proper action would be for the board to ;
I mandamus him to audit the bills, and the
court could decide whether the Auditor
should defend his course unassisted by an
i attorney. Inasmuch as he was under :
I heavy bonds for the faithful perform_,nc« j
of his duty, it seemed to him that the .
! court would hardly order an attorney to ;
i appear' for him without his consent. He
said he had no wish or Intention to tie |
: up any demands that ought to be paid, j
but self-protection demanded that he act j
with caution, and as long as he was in
I doubt as to the legality of the Commis
sion he felt .that such demands as
salaries for the teachers and for furnish
ing supplies to the city, that have long
been overdue, should be paid before any •■
j new bills are allowed.
Elections.
Golden State Parlor, N. D. G. W.. has
elected the following as officers for the en
j suing term: Miss G. Shade, president;
■ Miss J. St. Denis, Miss T. Ducker and
Miss D. Mencarlni. vice presidents: Miss
Johanna Meyer, recording secretary (re
elected); Miss Rosa Day, financial secre
tary (re-elected); Miss M. Ducker, treas
urer (re-elected); Miss L. Wedel, mar
shal: Miss M. Tietjen (re-elected), Miss
M. Maguire and Miss F. yon Staden, trus
tees: Miss 1.. Fahrenkrug, organist; Mrs.
E. S. Merritt. physician, and Miss A.
Ackmann, junior past president. There is
but one married woman among the of
ficers who are to control during the com
ing term, and that Is the physician.
La Estrelln Parlor, N. D. G. W., has
chosen the following named to serve as
its officers for the ensuing term: Miss
Carrie Fenstermacher, past president;
Miss Dura Oltman, president; Miss Julia
Vasselln, Miss Emma Thlerbach and Dr.
! Llllle C. Boldman, vice presidents; Miss
j Alice Maunder, recording secretary; Miss
' Alice Boldemann, financial secretary;
! Mrs. Charles A. Boldemann, treasurer;
I Mrs. R. P. Gale. Mrs. Madge Leslie and
i Miss Tillie Rothman. trustees. The mi
i stallation of these officers will be held on
! the 22d inst. '
The following named have been elected
officers of Bay .City Circle, Companions of
i the Forest" of America, to serve for the
ensuing six months: Mrs. Leah Marks,
chief companion; Miss Bessie Boren. sub
chief: B. Marks, recording secretary; Mrs.
Helen Worms, financial secretary; Mrs.
Ray Roth, treasurer; Miss Fannie Wol
mar. right guide; Miss Flora Carlson, left
guide; Mrs. N. Lubosh, inside guard; Miss
Rosa Wolmar, outside guard: Miss Sarah
Lubosh, organist; Dr. Edwin Bonnell,
; physician. These officers will be publicly
installed on next Monday night.
BIG REVENUE RECEIPTS.
An Increase of 151 Per Cent Com-
pared With. Last Year.
The Internal revenue collections for the
First District of California during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1899, amounted
to $3,924,478 96. us against $1 480,96. 12 for
the year ending June 30. 1898, being an in
crease over the receipts of 1898 of 151 per
cent. This Increase is due partly to the
war tax and partly to increased business.
The following were the receipts for
June. 1899: Lists, 110,576 43; beer, $105 -
533 95; fruit spirits. $23,086 03; grain spirits,
535 734 49; export stamps. $14 80; cigars,
$16,672 25; cigarettes. $3,088 97; snuff. $4*. 30;
tobacco, $3875 40; special taxes. $19,180 01;
playing cards, $61 38; mixed flour, $1 50;
documentary stamps. $64,418 69; proprie
tary stamps. $9663 32; . total. $294,913 52.
Increase for June, 1899, over June, 1898,
54 per cent. r.^-'r
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Charles H. Robinson, real estate and
insurance agent. Santa Cruz, $6684 76; . no
assets.
W. D. McLaurin. farmer and ferryman
of San Joaquin County, $5955 72; no assets.
TO BUY UNIFORMS
FOR STATE TROOPS
BOARD NAMED TO EXPEND THE
$50,000 APPROPRIATED.
Governor of Oregon Will Visit San
Francisco to Welcome Webfoot
Volunteers From the
Philippines.
Governor Gage yesterday appointed a
board of officers, consisting of Major Gen- j
eral John H. Dickinson, Colonel A. D. j
Cutter (retired) and Lieutenant Colonel j
J. <*. '•jesting, assistant adjutant general
| of the second brigade, to disburse the $50.
--000 appropriated by the Legislature for
the purchase of uniforms for the 5000 men
of the National Guard. As the military |
of the State is practically without uni- ;
forms the board will enter upon the dis- I
charge of its duties at once in order that ]
the deficiency may be supplied at the j
earliest possible day.
Adjutant General B. R. Tuttle of Oregon
has notified Brigadier General Seamans. |
adjutant general of California, that the i
! Governor of Oregon and his staff will visit (
i San Francisco «■. receive the- returning
i Oregon volunteers, who are expected to
arrive from the Philippines about July 10. \
GENERAL RANDOLPH ARRIVES.
The Veteran May Succeed Colonel
Freeman in Command at the
Presidio.
Brigadier General Wallace Randolph, IT. *
I S. V.. reported at army headquarters for i
duty yesterday. He will probably sue- j
cet-d Colonel Freeman in command at the j
Presidio when the latter sails for the Phil- >
! ippines on July 12. General Randolph is
! lieutenant colonel of the Third United
! States Artillery, and went to Cuba as
commander of the artillery of " General
Shatter's army. Since his return to this
! country from the Cuban campaign he has
I'; en on a sick furlough. Another veteran
I of the. Santiago campaign who reported i
; for duty at the headquarters yesterday is |
J Lieutenant John 11. Parker, who is under |
I orders to proceed to the Philippines on ]
: the City of Para, which sails on the 12th.
I Major Henry Wigand of the Twenty
: fourth Infantry, who has just arrived |
I from Vancouver Barracks: Major Jesse
j M. Lee and Captain Joseph P. O'Neil of j
\ the Twenty-fifth Infantry will also sail on
i the City of Para.
i The new general hospital at the Presidio
i was turned over to the medical depart
: ment yesterday and the work of transfer
; ring the hospital paraphernalia from the
old building is now under way. The old j
j building will not he abandoned, however, j
. until all the volunteers have been mus
! tered out. * "
Work on the new camp of detention at
I Angel Island, which Is expected to do j
away with most of the inconveniences of j
quarantine, has been begun, and the camp
I will be ready for occupancy by the time
the volunteers begin to arrive from the \
Philippines.
Two twelve-Inch guns for the Fort Point i
| battery are now on their way here from
the East and are expected to arrive any
I day.
TOOK HIS OWN LIFE.
Dying of Cancer and Starvation An- j
" thony McDonald Turned on the
Gas and Ended His Days.
Anthony McDonald, sick and despond
ent, ended his life last Tuesday night in
a room in the Hughes House, on Third
, street, near Howard.
McDonald was an engineer and nearly
j7O years old. He had been afflicted for
. yea"rs with an incurable cancer on the
! neck, and was to have gone to the City
j and County Hospital for the purpose of
having an operation performed, but his
courage failed him at the last moment
and he chose to die by his own hand rath
er than to chance a lingering death from
; the affliction which he believed to be in
! curable. McDonald was without money,
: and it was said that he had gone two days
-without food because 'if his poverty. He
was a native of Ireland and has rela
tives living ln Terre Haute, Ind.. and else
where in the East. The Coroner will hold
an Inquest.
Waffle Peddlers at Outs.
Adam Gorskl want? to have the sole
privilege of peddling waffles at the Ocean
Beach, but he has a rival, hence his trou
ble. Mrs. Laura F. Wonzod. wife of the
rival, got ft warrant yesterday from
Judge Treadwell for Gorski's arrest for
disturbing the peace. She said that Gor
skl has a revolver alongside his waffles
and is always flourishing it at her and
her husband. Sunday afternoon he not
only flourished the revolver but called
her nasty names.
Peace in the Philippines.
Peace in the Philippines Is bound to prove
profitable to all concerned. M'arrins condi-
tions, whether they be in the Philippines or in
the human stomach, are equally disastrous.
If your stomach has rebelled, there is one
authority that will quickly subdue it. It i-<
listener's Stomach Bitters, and It cures con-
stipation, indigestion, biliousness, nervous-
ness and dyspepsia. See that a private Reve-
nue Stamp covers the neck of the bottle.
S^i%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/b.tl*\Wa 625 KEABNY ST. Established
__*W*r v^___ in ' S3 -* for **' treatment of Private
ny if^MWf Diseases, Lost .Manhood. Debility or
_KHnHnHft disease wearing on bodynndmindana
*_aßS_Bp__* kin Diseases. l'hedoctorcnres**i-h* ,
___J"-*K£s!^ others fall Try him. Charges low
J^___^*__J__j___s 4'iir«*«Br«"* t>'«'* , *<*. Callorvrrltft
3>r. A. _.•'- *_lKBO>". Box. 1337. Francisco
■ ' =
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKK
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY.- AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
•BATES. .
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY. IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. * 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Mala '.1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway."
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J -street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
cuirini-U-iin, April .3, i*»J - , , .. _,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAX.-UK.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, -S-O-. 9:30. 11:00 a. BU.
•_-_->;__- 4:00. 6:15, -fit-v M.i ° P.™- and „_*"
lUthJ^h &S Wednesdays. Saturday.
S^iBs&^**si"*sj_ ■&■* a*
_ b ■ i-fi- l"l -45, -2:80. -4:00. _£!: 6:45 p. m.
a "ivr« am does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
rT'does not run to Mill Val' V Sundays.
_.|S' fi ?& rk Ri^AET n TB
F ral.AM. *«•■•<-_ »* 8:W * •- o **'
_  • 1--.0 '15 *>3:4n. 4:36. 8:15 p. m.
_*_'*fi»_ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
R«Viirdavs at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
a « d t-NDAYS-7:00, -8:00. •9:45. 10:45. »U:45
«. Suj PlfitaS •3:80. ' "5:15. "6:00. 7:00. 10:1.
* ? *'i?_lna Tn*-.*-!.-*- «•> "in to San Quentln.
WHOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
\VFFK DAYS-5:45 6:60. 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
! «_ ml 2:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m . : . -,
T.VTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
.nd Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
DAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.;. 13:03.
H|..o 3:55. 6-.XO. B:*i. 10:20 p. m.
I.—. W.w. THROUGH TMAINS.
7-00 a- io. ttteelc rt»y» — Cazadero and w-.y sta*___,_
i'._o p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
\'._\ p m - week days .-Saturdays excepted*
Point Reyes and way stations.
B*oo a. m. Sundays— C.- idero and -way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'n9.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via _;._.;i.,_., .v.ij.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
... WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving ln S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 d. m.
Tare. 8. F. to Summit and Return. 11 40.
THOS. COOK /_ SON. Arts.. 621 Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MffiiWzm'
siok HE-Coleti
Positively cured by these
-Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per«
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pill, Small Dose,
Small ______[
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
s«»i its rAl'iriC ro^P-JiT.
(PACIFIC NVHTEM i
Trains Iruir »••<! are «ln«" I •» iiir!m «-•
.SAN TIC %>« «l.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave- — From June 25, 1899. — akrit_
7:OOa nicia. •''iii.'uu find Sacramento. . . . 5: t."5
7:o<t \ Marj-9Tille OrOfilleanU Kidding via
Woodland 3:4.._»
7:OOa Klrr.'ra. Vacaville and Bu_iBe_r... . . . 8:-_5p
7 :'*'>- Martinez. San Ilamou. Vallejo, Napa,
UaJlatogaaod Santa Rosa fl:l._p
SiOOa Atlantic ICxpress, <>BE»leu and I'.aat.. «:_*-*
*»i:*oa Ran .lose. Livem-ofa, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placerville.
Mnry-vllh*. '■ "hi. • 10-' Itluit •«•"»#
Hi it A 'Milton. Oakdale and co-ora 4:l.*l_i
*":30a torn mite Valley via ( .k'lalo and
Chines-* 4:1.*»
0:OOa Haywards. Nileaand Way Stations. 1 !:*•>*
_;OOa Martinez, Tracy. 1-atlirop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13p
«•.«»(» a Fresno, Ualifrali.-ld. Santa l!ui ra,
Los Angeles. Dcrolnft Cl Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:4.1 F
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and V/ay Stations 7:«"S_
1 1 :OOa Hayivards, Niles and Way Station*. 2: -5p
Iti-OOM NUes, Livermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, li.!:' -d. Visalia,
fi rterviilo 4:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento Uiver Steamers -K-OOp
3:00 i» Haywards, Niks and Way .Stations. *>:45p
_r«M>p Martinez, San ItaillOn, Vallejo,
r . * Napa. Callstoga,' Santa Itasa U:10*
4i«»<»r Itenicla. Vacaville. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville. Orovillo... 10:43*
. :3(>p Niles. Han Joseand Stockton 7xl3p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond i:i:l7_F
B:OOpTbo Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bikcrs-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles »:45..
0:30p Stockton, ." .creed, Fresno 12:I.1f
S:3op Martin*.--, Tr.cy, Mendota, Fresno. .
Mojave and l.os Angeles 8:4.-*
SiSOp Santa _o" Route, A Han tie F.jpress.
for Mojave and Last C:43p
6i6op Chloago-Sau Francisco Special.*.
and Last 8:4.1f
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Joae 7: I.la,
•«:OOp Vallejo 1 »:1 5f
7iOOp Oregon Lxi>ress,S»rranieatt>, Marys-
ville. Bedding, I'orthml, Puget
•Sound and Last 7:4-1*
. l.tOOp Val»eio, Port Costa and Way Sta-
j J_ tloni* t»"*-I'»*'
COAST DIVISION (Xurroiv fia.ge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS:OSF
8:10 a Newark,Centerville,San Jose, Felton,
. Boulder Creek,Hanta Oruz and Way
Stations 3:50p
*Bil3f Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •IO:3«*
4:1 .Ip San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20*
Mil-lp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
< tlons /O:2QA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tain SIN FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street tSUs 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11-OOa.v. 11:03 *2:33 13:C3
•1:00 tB:03 •6:00 r.M.
from 01 KtlSD— root efßroadwav.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
___ «1:00 12:C3 ; 3::3 11:00 "^OOp-M.
COAST DIVISION* (Broad flauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•6:!Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. # O:30p
•7:«Oa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *8:OOa
J7j3o a Sunday Fxcursion for Santa Cruz,
Pacifio Grove and Principal Way
Stations '_:33p
Vi o6 a San Jose, Tres rinos, Santa Cruz,
PaclUc Grove. Paso Itoliles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:IOp
10:4.a San Josa and Way Stations 0:3.1.\
I1:30a San Jose and Way Stations liSop
*2i43pSan Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park.
Pu!o Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Hollister. Santa (in.. Salinas.
Monterey and raeillo Grove "10:36*
*Bi3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way StHi.lnns *'7:80p
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way stations B*:_3*
•3:00p San Joseand Principal Way Stations •N:33 a
3:30p San Joseand Principal Way Stations "»:<»o*
0:30r San Joseand Way Stations '.... 5:30p
_____ Ban Jose and Way Stations 17:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted J Sunday only. r Saturday only.
(Saturday and Bandar. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:--. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.-; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30. p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. 9>R_P
SUNDAYS— SrW, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:39,
; 6:00, 6.20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
' 3:.0, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave l I Arrive
San Franc i In Effect San Francisco.
! . 1 ' April 16, L -r-l .
j Week 1 Sun- 1-99. I S-_i- | "Week
i Days. | days. Destination. ' days. Days,
7:80 am 1 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I 8:80 pm! 9:30 am Petaluma; 6:05 pm, 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pna
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton. — : '.* ."••- ..
Geyserville, ' . ,'
8:30 pm 8:00 am, Gloverdale. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pn»
7:30 am j Hoplaiid and 10:25 am
3:30 pm; 8:00 am; Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! ■ 10:85 a_a
J 8:00 am Guernevllle- 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I 6:20 pm
. 7:30 any; 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 3:40 am
and
6:10 pm' 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:2"i pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pmj 5:00 pmi I 7:85 pmj 6:21 Oa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
i Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
■ land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
! Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
! port and Bartlett Springs: at Cklah for Vichy
! Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullviiie,
Booneville, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro. W-itesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr'"* Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Feat. Willitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday? round trip tickets to all points
beyond, San Rafael at half fates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid?,
, H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
I VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
I From Jan. -S, 1898, trains will run as follows;
South-bound, I I North-bound.
i Passen- Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday | ger.
■! Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily. ,
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:03 pm Merced 12:*W pra 4:13 pm
. 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am' 7:47. pm Hanford 7.4.. am ltfepro
I:« pm 12:30 am Bakerr-fleld , 2:'" ; am 11:0" am
11:69 ami 6:25 pmj Visalia 6:40 ami 1:2? pra
18:15 pm| 6:53 pm| Tulare I 6:50 ami 1:0 a pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Fir particulars of stage and other connection,
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mark**
I !__:s«_ Jim. F_*a_i__L->.
910
NEW CYLINDER
PILE PIER FOR
HOWARD STREET
Marion Must Go Into
the Stream.
»
TUGS WILL HAVE TO MOVE
— «— —
CONTRACT FOB PRESERVING
PILES IS SPLIT UP.
— . •
A Sugar Fleet Overdue— Australia's
Valuable Cargo — Captain "Wet
ter of the Star of Italy-
I Married.
a
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and decided to entirely rebuild How
ard 3 wharf. It was the Intention to re
pair the structure, but as it is In a very
bad condition Chief Engineer Holmes rec
ommended that the wharf be torn down
and a new pier similar to the one at j
Folsom 1 be built. The new wharf will i
be IW feet wide, and as it will have a j
cylinder pile foundation will outlast any
thing on the front save Pols and Pa
cific street wharves.
The rebuilding of Howard .' means the j
sending of the naval reserve ship Marion
into the stream. Several times th. chief j
wharfinger has attempted to move her
when there was an urgent demand for
berths; but the officers always managed
to keep her in her present quarters. Now
she will have to move, and 11 is doubtful
If she ever gets back again. Spreckels :
tugs will also have to move and Chief
Wharfinger Henderson is now cudgeling j
his brain to find a new location for them. |
It will have to be a permanent location, |
as they will not be allowed to back at
the new pier when it is completed in all ,
probability.
Bids for the preserving of piles to be
used on the water front were opened. The .
Pacific Refining and Roofing Company of
fered to treat the piles at 36 cents per I
foot. The Dundon Bridge and Construe-
Tier- Company at from 1!) to 45 cents per
foot, according to th- number of pounds
of creosote Injected and the length of the !
pile. The Parafflne Paint Company made!
two offers of _3' 2 and 28** cents per foot,
the difference being it; the quality of the
work done. H. R. Rood & Co., a new
factor in water front affairs, offered the
"perfection pile covering" at 27 cents a
foot.
It reaulri d some consideration to ar
rive at tin understanding of the various
bids, and also to select the best and
cheapest method. A recess of fifteen mln- j
utes was taken on the motion of Com
missioner Harney, but it was nearly an j
hour before the commission could arrive
at a decision. Finally it was agreed to
award a contract for I 1 piles each to the
Dundon Bridge and Construction Com
pany. the Parafflni Paint Company and
H. R. Rood <. Co. Dundon is to gel -7 j
cents a foot for piles twelve inches in dl- j
ameter, 30 cents for fourteen-inch and 35 j
cents for 16-inch; Parafflne Paint Cons
pany 2S'_ cents, and H. R. Rood & Co. !
27 cents for all sizes.
In April last the Board of Health sent
a communication to the Harbor Commis
sion In regard to the doc-king of vessels
from foreign ports. Captains who receive
pratique from the United States quaran
tine officer at once dock their vessels
without respect to the State quarantine
officer. The Board of Health wants all
this changed, an.i asked the Commission
ers to refuse dockage privileges to any
vessel that has not been granted pratique
by the State quarantlni officer. On that
occasion the Commissioners referred the |
communication to the board's attorney,
and did the same thing with a similar
communication that came before them -
yesterday. In this last communication
•stress was laid on the Nippon Maru case, !
hut the Harbor Board will not act until ]
ex-Governor Budd defines Its powers in .
the circumstances.
A bit-: fleet of sugar vessels Is now over- .
due from the Hawaiian Islands. Among j
them are some of the fastest vessels on
the coast, and the winds must be very
light In order to keep them out so long.
The bark Santiago, that lias made the
run from here to Hllo in ten days, is now
out twenty-six days for this port, and
the brig Lurline, that went down this
last trip in a little over ten days, is now
out twenty-three .lays. The ship Stand-,
ard and the barkentine Archer are each j
out twenty-one days. The Standard was
recently purchased in the Bast by Cap
tains Brown and Bachus and is on her
maiden trip to San Francisco. The Ar
cher is a smart vessel and there is some
curiosity to see which of the two makes
port first.
The ship Aryan, barkentine Irmgard
and schooner William Bowden all left the
islands on the same date. They are now
out nineteen days and the chances are
that they are participating in a drifting {
match. The bark Mohican Is now out !
twenty-five days and the new schooner
11. D. Bendlxen. on her maiden trip. Is
out twenty-two days. The Bendlxen was
heralded as a flyer, but no vessel, no mat
ter how fast, can make time with such
weather as recent arrivals from Hawaii j
have reported.
The sailing transport Tacoma was to i
have docked at the Government wharf
early yesterday, but the order was coun
termanded just as the tugs were alongside '
DOCKING OF THE TACOMA.
+. rpEE transport, which is under charter from the Alaska Pack- ♦
° 1 sis' Association, was taken alongside the . Government wharf °
o yesterday. She will be inspected by the quartermaster and o
*♦* will then go on Hunters Point dry dock for an overhauling. The ♦
4 sending of horses to Manila on the ship was a big success and the ♦
° vessel will be sent back with another load as quickly as she can be °
J got ready. o
a- :..'-"-"♦'
Of O-f O-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f O-f O-f o-f o-f o-f 4- of o-f o-f o-f O-f O-f O-f of O-f Of of 9
POWDER AND PATCHES
FOR BLANCHE BURTON
Henry Miller Unselfish***
ly Continues His Ar
tistic Way and
Stages "Lord
and Lady
Algy."
<— > ENRY MILLER, now playing so successful a
|[ J[ season at the Columbia Theater, is adding not
J_-, only laurels to his crown of successes, but gaining
\ season at the Columbia Theater, is adding not
1 only laurels to his crown of successes, but gaining
j renown as the most unselfish of actors.
I 11 When Miller opened with Ins magnificent com
pany he promised that all his people were going
to get a chance to show the San Francisco public tin- best
they could do. Margaret Anglin and Edward J. Morgan
have already bad their respective chances and scored
heavily. Morgan's opportunity came in "The Liars," and
Miss Anglin shows the best there is in her in "The Adven
ture of Lady Ursula." ,
In the natural course of events it has come to Miss
Blanche Burton to delight her audiences with the many
talents that entitle her to a place In Miller's company, and
that lady's chance presents itself in "My Lord and Lady
Algy," to in- produced at the Columbia on Monday evening.
in this comedy, the reigning success of the past London
and New York season, Mr. Miller is offering the best the
play market affords, and Is casting it in a manner that
makes failure impossible. Miss Burton is to play Mrs.
Bratayn Tudway. the Dart she created in the New York
Empire Theater production— a role that won for her im
mediate recognition as one of the foremost comediennes
on the American stage. Mrs. Tudway is the giddy wife
of a most plebeian bone-boiler, who by virtue of his money
she consider, should have a wife who makes social
history Mrs Tudway's efforts to compel society to accept
her is" a delicious morsel of play writing, and at the hands
of Miss Burton goes for the much it is worth.
The role also affords Miss Burton unlimited opportuni
ties for handsome costuming opportunities thai she has
known how to make much of. In the fancy ball scene in
,},.. third act Miss Burton's gown is a dream, that loses
none of its airy falryness by the many other beautiful cos
tumes worn by the other ladies of the company.
Besides Miss Burton of the players of the original New
York production is Guy Standing, who will also appear ln
the part the Empire City saw. admired and applauded' Miss
Burton's excellent work in "The Liars" and delicate come
dy m "The Adventure of Lady Crsula' stands as a splen
did advance notice of what one may expect of the clever
American girl in the attractive role of Mrs. Tudway.
and -eadv to move the vessel. Later, how
ever another order was issued and the
vessel went to Folsom street. The la
coma is splendidly outfitted for carrying
horses and mules and the chances are
thai she will go back to Manila with an
other load She will go on the dry-dock
for an overhauling, after which she will
load supplies and take on horses and
mules for the Philippines.
Miss Katherine Grey, the actress who
left here for a visit to Honolulu on the
steamer Doric, changed her mind when
the vessel reached the Paradise of th
Pacific. She and her grandmother. Mrs
Reid. had such a delightful trip down to
Hawaii and the officers of the steamer
had made everything so pleasant that at
the last moment they decided to make
the round trip to China on the Doric.
Mis« Grey was to have been back here by
August 1 to take her place In Richard
Mansfield's company, but it will be long
after that date before she gets back to
San Francisco. --__-,
The Stockton steamer H. J. Corcoran
was nearly three hours late getting away
this morning. A steam pipe hurst on the
wav down and repairs had to be made be
fore the could leave again.
The steamer Australia took away last
Monday what was probably the most val
uable cargo thai has ever left here for
Honolulu. Among it was a lot of barley,
fresh fruit, fifty-three coops of chickens,
canned goods, dried fruit, sugar, tea. to
bacco, wine, whisky and other goods to
the value of $151,760.
Captain Wester of San. Francisco, owner
of the Chilean ship Star of Italy, has be
come a benedict during his vessel a stay
in Australia. The Star is loading coal
at Newcastle, N. S. W.I for San Fran
cisco and several weeks ago the captain
took a few days off and was married to
Miss Schuler. Captain Wester will bring
his bride to San Francisco with him.
There were only two arrivals in port
during the twenty-four hours yesterday.
The steamer Bonita got in from Southern
ports and the schooner Lena Sweasey
from Tai oma. The steamers Weeott from
Eureka Alice Blanchard from Coos Bay
and Grace Dollar from San Pedro were
expected but did not show up until late
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Samuel Hart and John Die-
mer Filed for Probate.
The will of Samuel Hart, who died In
this city at a recent date, was filed for
probate* yesterday. The exact value of
the testator's estate is unknown, although
It is said to be large.
Mr- Johanna Hart, decedent s widow.
Is devised $20,000 to hold in trust for the
benefit of Julian Hart, a son, the bequest
to be paid him when he reaches the age
of 30 years. The residue is devised to
Mrs Hart, who is requested to care for
the sisters of the deceased, who reside
in Germany. . . ___„
The will of John Diemer, who died May
31 was also filed. Decedent's entire
estate which is valued at about $5000. is
bequeathed to Mrs. Elizabeth Diemer, de
cedent's widow.
THE SAN FT. AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
TAKES NO CHANCES
OF GETTING LEFT
SOUTHERN PACIFIC LOOKS AF
TER IMMIGRANT TRAVEL.
Stubbs and McCormick Will Go East
Next Saturday to Protect the In
terests of Their Road.
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic man
tiger .if the Southern Pacific, will leave on
Saturday next for Chicago, New York
and various other points in the East. He
will be gone several weeks and J.C. Stubbs
will also leave at the same time for New
York, where he goes in order to confer
with C. P. Huntington and other mag
nates of the railroad world on matters
of importance connected with the South
ern Pacific.
The reason of Mr. McCormlck's trip
is first to become personally acquainted
with the passenger agents .if his road who
are located in the different cities of the
East and secondly to attend the meeting
of the Immigration Bureau, which takes
place in New- York about the 17th of the
month. V-- .
This Immigration Bureau is maintained
by the different Western roads and the
Canadian Pacific to see that the horde of
arriving immigrants from the different
points of Europe is equally and fairly
proportioned to the different roads so
that each gets Its just share of the busi
ness which they represent-
Before the conception of such a thing
as an Immigration Bureau the arrivals
from Europe were dump*! at Castle Gar
den and left to their own devices to get
along a? best they could. As for the most
part they are Ignorant, unsophisticated
people, who have never before been away
from their own little native village, they
fared badly indeed, becoming the easy
prey of every species of confidence man
that Infests a large city. The railroads
were accustomed to struggle each with
the other for the privilege of carrying
them to their different destinations and
the road having the foxiest runner was
the one that secured the biggest percent
age of the travel.
This naturally gave rise to considerable
crooked work and much 111-feeling. Con
sequently several years ago the different
roads met and agreed to jointly maintain
a bureau whose business it would be to
see that each line got what was properly
its share and no more.
From time to time meetings are called
for the purpose of readjustment, and to
such a meeting Mr. McCormick is now
going to see that In the new deal the
Southern Pacific gets all that is coming
to it and as much more as it can secure.
incidentally with its other business the
bureau took upon itself the protection of
the immigrant and succeeded in regu
lating matters to such a nicety that now
the youngest and most Ignorant foreigner
that ever came out of Europe may start
from his home and be landed in the most
distant part of the West without having
to worry himself about anything at all
from the minute he lands until the min
ute he is set down at his journey's end.
He is assured of perfect immunity from
bunko men of all sorts and descriptions.
A CASTILIAN SHAMED.
Captain de la Torre of Equestrian An
cestry Unhorsed by a Vege
table Wagon Plug.
Captain A. de la Torre, Deputy Immi
gration Commissioner and Spanish In
terpreter for the United States Immigra
tion Bureau, limped stiffly and sorely
around the office yesterday with the; aid
of a stout cane. He no longer wore the
proud and cavalier mien that distin
guished him on the Glorious Fourth,
when he bestrode a fiery steed (formerly
in the vegetable line) at the head of. the
Mardi Gras part of the parade. The fair
ladles who gazed in admiration from th.
bay windows upon the bay steed ridden
at a -walk by Captain de la Torre- little
wotted how much it pained the captain
to smile at them in return. But 'twas
so. He was sore all over, and_ a little
more on the spot. upon which he was sil
ting than on any other. ; '. .
It happened that when the captain was
waiting for the signal to start, his
Rosinante leaped wildly into the air to
escape a bomb that had exploded upder
him and then sat down upon the cobbles -
but the misfortune, was that the captain
occupied the place where the horse sat.
It was a horse on the captain, and it will
be many a day before he gets over it.
"It was not that 1 was thrown from the
horse, or that I can hardly sit down,"
said the captain, "but what hurts my
Castlllan pride the most is the fact that
I, the descendant of a race of cavaliers
who lived In the saddle and rode only-
Arabian steeds, should have been un
horsed by a plug owned by Giu>,
Bacigalupi." And the captain wept.
Was Tired of Restraint.
Daniel Kerwln, who had been under re
straint in his house, 308 Fulton street, and
was being attended by Dr. Jackson,
made his escape yesterday morning, and
created a sensation, as he was not dressed
for company. He ran till he reached the
Bishop's study, corner of Franklin and
O'Farrell streets. A message was sent to
the Central police station, and Policemen
Calllnan and Burns went out in the
patrol wagon and took him to the insane
ward in the Receiving Hospital. He is
said to be suffering from the effects of
too much liquor. > _:<;
Battered a Boy.
Jacob Label, a cigar dealer at 119 O'Far
rell street, was arrested yesterday on a
warrant charging him with battery. The
complaining witness is Arthur Peterson,
a boy living at 142_ Market street, who
alleges that while walking past Label's
store Tuesday with a bundle of firecrack
ers. Label took them from him and set
some off. When the boy asked him to pay
for those he had used he refused and
struck him on the nose, making it bleed.
USED NOVEL MEANS OF
GAINING CONFESSIONS
JOHN BAXTER, A BLACKSMITH,
IMMERSES SUSPECTS.
Fifteen-Year-Old Boy, Accused of
Stealing a Harness, a Victim of
His Practices.
John Baxter, a blacksmith' at 426 Pa- j
cific street, cherishes the novel idea that
Immersion in cold water is a proper caper
for drawing from boys confessions of ;
guilt. Last night he applied this treat
ment to Peter Mayntzer, a 15-year-old
boy whom he accuses of having robbed !
him of a harness, and in consequence was
soon landed at the California-street sta
tion by Officers Peters * and Bell and
charged with having used threats to do
great bodily harm.
Two weeks ago Baxter sent Mayntzer
and a boy whom he employs on an errand
and provided them with a team. In the
afternoon both returned, unhitched the
horses and placed the harness in its ac
customed place In the barn. Next day
the harness was missing and Baxter im- ;
mediately blamed Mayntzer for its disap
pearance. He had no proof to back up his
accusation save the fact that the boy- j
knew where the article was kept in the j
barn. Mayntzer protested his Innocense,
but the blacksmith clung to his belief.
Last night when Mayntzer entered Bax
ter's shop he was siezed by his accuser
and a confession was demanded from him.
He stated that he had none to make, as
he had not been guilty of the theft,
whereupon Baxter plunged him into a
trough of water used for cooling hot
irons. In his struggles the boy upset the
tub, but Baxter quietly refilled it with a
hose and made preparations ' for giving
him another dousing. He continued his
threats to such an extent that Mayntzer
finally said he did take the property, but I
later informed the police that it was in
the hope that such a statement might save
him a further development of goose-flesh
that he did so. Two boys, Albert To fa- ;
nelli and Frank Major, witnessed the oc- '
currence through a window and gave the
alarm to Officer Bell, who was in the:
neighborhood.
\\ hen the officer was sighted Baxter's
hired boy gave him the tip, and he start- i
ed to leave the place and avoid the offi
cer. Bell had to chase him some distance
before he caught him. It is said that this
is not the first offense of a similar nature
committed by the prisoner. The boys In ;
the vicinity of his shop state that he fre- j
quently plunges them into water when \
they deny what he has attributed to them.
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL.
Active Preparations Now Being Made
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Preparations are now being made for
the coming Cake Walk Carnival at the
Mechanics' Pavilion. Carpenters are
building floats, decorators are trimming
pretty booths and painters are outlining
canvas for scenes typical of the old and
modern cake walk.-. The many men,
womeli and children who will participate
are busy rehearsing, so that they may be
in the best of trim for the contests.
It is the intention of the management
to present a glittering spectacle and the
greatest series of championship cane
walks of all styles ever seen in this city
or any other city. The low rate of ad
mission and the fact that a fair share of
the receipts goes toward a California
soldiers' fund insures a most successful
affair. -V -.- • '>7-
The entry list includes 150 couples who
will compete in the "various contests for
championship honors— professional, socie
ty,..juvenile, delsartean, colored and ama
teur events. In addition there will be ex
hibition cake walks, including Filipino,
grotesque, Chinese, Cuban, plantation,
Dewey and others that will certainly
please. * . ;
The various societies and social or
ganizations are taking advantage of the
liberal terms offered to arrange for special
nights. California Parlor, Native Son. of
the Golden West, will increase their "lf-OO
Celebration Fund" by selling several
thousand tickets for* the carnival. Other
organizations to be benefited are lodges of
the Knights of Pythias, Professor-
Francis' Ladies' Mandolin Club, Maine
Social Club. Lodge of Woodmen and
others. The terms are liberal and can be
learned at 26 O'Farrell street, room 8.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission, j
U-.#Sh- . ♦ .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M J Walsh ft w, Cal M M Van Fleet, Colo
M D Merritt. Oakland X A Grimes, Cal
Miss Smith, S Diego (Miss C H Look. Ky
Miss Jones, S Diego |C Queen, Fish Rock
w 11 Lyon. Sacto iE W Murphy, Portland
J Waters, Cal ! "A" E Dunn',' Portland
i: p Stenson, Cal Mrs E II Hockkiss &
Or Edelman, Spokane I c, L Ang
I) R Draper, L Ang B M Nuckolls, Ukiah
J N -Wilson & w, Cal ,\V D Watson, S Jose
J W' Xtherton. Novato Q P Burt & w, Chicago
i ; D Schulze, Dixon R Mel-aughton, Cal
A Lindley, L Ang Miss Swlnford, Cal
H M Andrews, Chicago W E Burgess, Chicago
I-- Golden, Nev H A Fitzgerald. N V*
E S Hooper, Denver W F Hlckok, Chico
1", A Boescke, Cal I" Cutting, Stockton
\V D Madigan, Cal P J Keeler, Pa
J A Black ft w. 11l Mrs J Teague, Exeter
Mrs H Black, 11l Miss A Anderson, Cal
M J Walsh & w, Cal 3 Rice & w, Cal
Mrs A C Hobart, Mcx iE J Boyle. Chicago
Miss Hobart. Mcx Mrs' J Brady. S Jose
Miss Peck, S Rosa :Mis_ Brady, S Jose
H E Fisk. Chicago Mrs D H Peery & s,
Mrs C; A Wilson, Cal I Ogden
H H Blood. Nev I Mrs M de Forrest. < al .
A C Rosendale. Cal 3 I. Wilson. Montreal
C M Ma. & w, Cal J H Connors, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A E Shirley. Los G S J Qulgley, San Raf
A Hanifin. Merced i G Douglass. Oakdale
F R Smith w. Kan [J Busch, Madera
3 F King, 'Chicago I A Smith. Fresno
T J "Wllks. Vallejo E Watson, San Jose
S Fay, Vallejo J Anderson ft w, Cal
S N Casey. Stockton W R^toss, Healdsbrg
C E Duncan, S Rosa. F Thomas, Vallejo
A R Buckner, S Rosa J F Coleman, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J McGowan, U S N IN Money. London
\V C Baton, I" S N L A Black. O
R A Rlchett. Vallejo ,G R Whltcomb. Minn
C S Kemptr. U S N M Rosenbaum N 1
R M Pogson, Cal G Bealts, N V
S H Westfall, Sacto W Mahl. .N V
Mrs Westfall, Sacto |F L. Berry, Md
W Winkelman. Md 'G T Curtis. NY
Mrs Winkelman. Md Mrs G S Curtis, NY
Miss M Bauernschmldt, Mrs T Oberfelder. II
Baltimore ' Miss R Oberfelder. II
Miss E Bauernschmldt. Miss M Oberfelder, I
Baltimore Miss B Oberfelder, 111
G G McKay. L Ang F H Dakln. Cal
Miss A M C Davidson, J W Prosser. N \
England E M Richardson. Neb
T Flint. San Juan '.E R Cowl"- *■*** *
Mrs T Flint. San Juan J Lewin. Chicago
E X Eldridge. Utah |L Davidson, Chicago
Mrs Eldridge, Utah I
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery treet.
corner flay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
630 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
l:*** Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street; corner Sixteenth; open
until .9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
27.217 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MJSBTISG NOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No 1. F. and A . __
M.l will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
EVENING, July 6, at 7:30 o'clock. .TK3T
Stated meeting and third degree. By'^r'
order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretar-
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. »
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -£»*_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Mission J_A\ !
Masonic Temple. 2668 Mission st. Rival i
Arch degree. . By order of tfie IL p.
JOHN R. niI. L.MAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M ■
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY") _tf<*J__
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock By order J*\M
of the Master. ' 2**-.
J R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
WILDEY Encampment No. 23, I. O. a <s»
0. F. . will meet In Encampment Hall, y[
Odd Fellows' building, THIS .THURS- /\
DAY) EVENING. / X
T. R. morse. Scribe i
TERRA BUENA Lodge No 15, s_§___#_»___v
1. O. O. V.— installation of officers "_b?J__3SX__-
TO-NIGHT. Refreshments
JAP. ROVER. N. G. -^i*****
J. D. SCHLOEN. Secretary. |
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. < $___ i .
V.. will have a Joint Installation -~yy_s__£3_?_
of officers with Golden West ""_2*«SS*g_3'
f Lodge THIS (THURSDAY) '-'']■
EVENING. in the lodge room of Golden West
Lodge. All brothers cordially invited.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH.
Recording Secretary Pro Tern.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company j
will be held at the office of the company. No. ;
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.. on j
TUESDAY, the ISth day of July. I-.**?, at the
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAI, NOTICES.
MARIA KIP Orphanage, 520 Lake st, S. F.,
hereby gives notice that the following
orphans and half orphan girls have been re- j
ceived in the orphanage from April 1 to June -
30, 1899: Lavlna Chapman, 6 years; Alice
Sweet. 6 years; Ellen Klnpner, 1 year 8
months; Ethel Hooper, 6 years: Nell Rose
Hlndeman, 11 years 4 months; Eliza Buckow.
11 years 3 months.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted Into the orphanage from January 1, 1899. |
to June 30, 1599. the following named orphans j
and half -orphans, boys and girls: Morris ;
Harris, 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Cecile Daniels, 12 yrs. 2
mos.; Sarah Lowensteln, 9 yrs. 9 mos.; Bessie
Silverman. 8 yrs. 7 mos. ; Elkan Gross. 5 yra.
6 mos.: Berthold Rankin. 11 yrs. 11 mos. ;
Nellie Baekel, 11 yrs. 9 mos.; Sarah Blame.
10 yrs. 6 mos.; Bertha W olff, 11 yrs. 8 mos.-; j
Alexander Meyer, 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Benjamin
Harris, 11 yrs. 10 mos. ; Joseph Lowensteln, 5
vrs. 7 mos.": Fannie Silverman, 5 yrs. 8 mos.;
Si-»g. Gross, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Richard Sittig. 6
yrs. 4 mos.; Philip Baekel, 6 yrs. 2 mos.: An-
nie Blame, 8 yrs. 9 mos.; Milton Wolff. 10
yrs 4 mos.
ABANDONED children in St. Josephs- Infant
Orphan Asylum, from January 1, 1898, to July ',
1. 1899: Antone .Nicholas, age 3 yrs.: Joseph
Baraco age 4 yrs. : Josie Truman, age 4 yrs. ; ■
Annie Truman, age 3 yrs.; Nellie Shakespeare.
• age 5 yrs. ;' Maggie Shakespeare, age 4 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; !
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
' DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (30 cents
per share), of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after MON-
DAY, July 10, 1899: Transfer books will close ;
on MONDAY, July 3. 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222 i
Montgomery St., Mills building— For th.. half I
year ending June 30. 1899, dividends on term [
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths !
(3 6-10) per cent per annum and on ordinary ;
deposits at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes,- will be payable on and
after July 1, 1899.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Savings and Loan So-
ciety, 101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter.
The board of directors declared a dividend j
for the half year ending June 30, 1899, at the j
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredths
(3.64) per cent per annum on term deposits :
and three and twenty hundredths (3.20) per i
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of |
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday,
July 1, 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the sams rate of divi-
dend as the principal from and after July 1.
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — The Continental Building
and Loan Association of California. 222 San-
some st.. has declared for the six months
ending June SO, 1899. a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits. 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary St.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends; 4 per cent
per annum en term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, _n»-
-_,„,.,, . 426 Powell, nr SwttW*-: '*> f*l»r_ 1.21.
SITUATIONS WASTED FEMALE.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and house-
worker. $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Batter.
SWEDISH houseglrl; 4 years' references: good
cook and laundress. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; wages no object: also a young
woman wishes place in country, ranch or
boarding-house. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child desires situation, city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under- .
stands German and French cooking; best ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
•^SCANDINAVIAN and 1 German, all" superior,
" flrst-class cooks, wish situations; best of ref-
erences. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st-
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; city or country; kind to
children: will work for moderate wages. Call
3886 Twenty-third st., near Sanchez. 7
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situa-
tion will do plain washing; good references;
short distance in country. 748 Howard st.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
REFINED young lady wishes position as com-
panion to lady; willing to assist in light
duties- no objection to travel; references.
Call at Park Hotel. 26 Turk st. .
NORTH German girl wishes a situation as .
second girl or general housework; wages $20
to $25. Please apply at 731 Brannan st., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED By an old woman, housework in a
small family: is used to cooking; city or
country. 760 Folsom st.
YOUNG woman would like plain sewing to do;
would go out by the day. 149 Taylor st., room
14. second floor. MRS. E. BALDWIN.
AMERICAN wishes housecleanlng, washing or
Ironing by the day; $1 and car fare. Box
4912. Call offlce. • '
GERMAN woman wants a place in lunch
house or restaurant. Please call or address
79 .4 Clementina st. .
LAUNDRESS, first-class, by the day, or take
laundry home; flannels a specialty; references.
827 Ellis st.
RELIABLE woman to go out by the day. wash-
ing ironing or cleaning; good reference. 102
Bartlett st.
YOUNG German woman, lately from the East,
wishes position as housekeeper. Address 528
Fourth st. •
GERMAN woman wants to go out by the day;
reasonable, Address 392 Fifth st. -
AN elderly lady wishes position to do light
; housework; small wages. 29 Eddy, room 40.
j SITUATIONS "WANTED Con. limed.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with boy wishes work
as housekeeper or take charge of lodging
house; city or country; references. Address
MRS. WILLS. 472 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OLD lady would like work by the day; 75 cents
and car fare. 359 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework
and cooking. Please call 223 Polk st.
WANTED — as nurseglrl; best of ref-
erence; state wages. Address box 4592, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes work in the country; sec-
ond work. Call at -11 Natoma st. ; no. postals.
GIRL wants to assist in housework; $10 month;
country or city. Call at 393 Sixth st.
WANTED, by a young woman, work by the
day. Address 208 Drumm st.
WOMAN with baby wants situation; good
cook; city or country. 1055 Howard st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
house cleaning. Call 202 Van Ness aye.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist In housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard St.. ifear Fillmore; call 2 days.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored woman) wants
.-.joking by the day. especially for parties.
Call or address Cook, 2816 Baker st.
t WAITRESS wanted in restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
REFINED Protestant, woman to take full
charge of and teach 3 children; also music;
country town: salary $25; references. Address
box 4903. "'all office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseelean-
ing, washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
224.'. Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 2Cc to $1 $0 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and hnc'-atre to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce:
best help. 41"' O'Farrell st. : tel. Fas' 424.
RESPONSIBLE man. with 8 yrs.' experience
in wine and liquor business, wishes position
• in wholesale liquor house, or to deliver ami ,
collect; bonds given; good ref. Box 4919. Call.
COMPETENT young man, strictly temperate,
would like employment. Can furnish city
references. Not particular as to kind of em-
ployment. Box 4901. call office.
GROCERY, bar, young Irishman, home and
colonial experience, wants situation as as-
sistant; excellent testimonials; wages mode-
rate. Box 1899, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man who understands care of
horses, cows and gardening wishes general j
work about place, city or country, Box 4896,
call office. 7
POSITION in small grocery, cigar or fruit
store for board and lodging or its equivalent;
highest references. Address Box 4904, Call. |
WANTED By a boy of 17. position in office I
or wholesale st,,],-; has had good college edu- !
cation. Box 4902. Call offlc. _ j
BARKEEPER, respectable, single, middle-
aged, wishes a trustworthy position; personal
references. Apply *7 Third st.
YOUNG man, willing to work, handy with
tools, wishes situation in factory, planing
mill, wholesale house or sawmill: generally
useful. Address box 2481 Call office, Oakland.
WANTED Window or house cleaning or other
work; have eight hours every day to spare;
city references. ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.;
tel East 963.
WANTED— By a reliable man. situation as
Janitor, porter or night watchman, or any-
place of trust. Box 4903, Call office.
MARRIED roan would like to take charge of
vineyard, winery or distillery; wife as house-
keeper if desired. Box 4919. Call.
COMPETENT man wishes position _s coach-
man, gardener or any position around private
place: references. Box 4915, Call.
YOUNG man, steady habits, wishes position
with family in country; work about place;
understands care horses, cows, etc. Address
2530 Gough st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
•X '_t7~l_7\-*n,n.^^ GRANT 185 j
30 waitresses. Southern California, $25; 40 j
waitresses, for first-class resorts and com-
mercial hotels. $20 and $2',; 2 waitresses, city.
$20: 3 chambermaids to wait, $20: 2 waitresses, ■
Napa. $20, fare here: extra Ironer. first-class |
country hotel. $1 SO day, free fare both ways;
2 extra ironers. city, $1 25 day; cashier, $6
week
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook for ranch, Marysville, $25. free fare; 4
German cooks and housegirls, $25; 15 girls for
housework, $20. and many young girls to as-
sist. $1" to $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ;
NURSEGIRL two grown children, $15, tor
country, fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. _
PASTRY $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Tut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park,. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 327. Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel. $20 per month;
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper, springs, $12; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS Trinity County, $20; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child: housework, country; see
party here 9 o'clock Monday. MISS CUL-
LEN, 3-5 Sutter st.
WANTED— Two German cooks, $25; 3 wait-
resses for resorts, $20; 10 waitresses for clty
and country hotels. $20; ironers for laundry;
young girls for housework, $15 and $20; Ger-
man second girl, $20; neat Irish second girl.
$20- waitress, private family. $25, and others.
J, F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $10: woman to assist. in-
stitution, $15; ranch cook, $25; houseglrl.
country. $25: 6 housegirls. city. $25 ami $20;
nursegirl, $15; 3 young girls to assist, $10 to
$17,. MRS NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl wanted for general house-
work and plain cooking; German or French
preferred. 3 Belvedere st., or Inquire 1803
Haight St.. In butcher shop.
COMPETENT girl for general housework: must
be good plain cook and assist with children;
wages $20 per month. Apply at 524 Devlsadero.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in housework
and take car- of children; sleep home. Call j
between 10 and 12 In morning at 264 Eighth st.
WANTED— GirI who understands chocolate and
bonbon dipping; permanent position. LEHN-
HARDT, 1159 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— A lady in every county to represent
us LA FEMME MEDICINE CO., Baird
building.. Kansas City. Mo.
NEAT, capable young girl for general house-
work and plain cooking in small family; ref-
erences: $15. 619's Valencia st.
YOUNG girl about 16 to help with light house-
work, assist 2 children: sleep home. Call
after 2:30 p. m... 1599 Market st.
WANTED— A neat girl, German preferred:
good cook; light housework. Call Thursday
from 10 to 3, at 538 Sutter at.
RESTAURANT waitress. $16 per month, board
and room; closed Sundays. 28 First st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework and
cooking: wages $10 to $12 per month. 319 Third.
GIRL to assist with housework. 2117 Pine st.
YOUNG girl; light housework; 2 adults and
baby; wages $10; reference. 1451 Buchanan.
EXPERIENCED hands on waists and wrap-
pers. NEWBAt'ER BROS.. 18 First st.
WANTED— A girl for light housekeeping. Ap-
ply at 670 Walnut aye. '* ■.-■■":
' HELP and apprentice wanted at dressmak-
ing. 420. Larkin st. '-■ _ ■-:--'-.
PLEASANT room in exchange for piano and
and singing lessons. Box 4895. Call offlce.
WANTED— Young girl to assist waiting on ta-
bles, restaurant. 680 Fourth st. --. .-.-.-_
WANTED— competent waitresses. The
Calms Restaurant. 783 Market st.
GERMAN to assist In general housework. 894
Fourteenth st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1044
Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist with house-
work. Room 5. 1021 Van Ness aye.
WAITRESS at 515 Valencia St., $15 per month
and room.
GIRL for light housework, family of two;
wages $12. 1620 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls: a lim-
ited number instructed. Apply 4104 Mission.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Lady for .light housework; good
home and fair pay for right party. Call af-
ter 11 o'clock a. m., 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— A gocd reliable girl for general
housework and cooking. Apply 925 O'Farrell
St.. Immediately. /■.-.;": _________
APPRENTICE to learn tailoring: must know
how to "do plain sewing. 131 Montgomery St.,
room 5. -.';- :.,:■
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. 357 Geary' st .
apply afternoon. -.*;•'--
OPERATORS— GirIs . to work on caps. 1306
Powell st., nr. Pacific St.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
HELP WAXTED-Contlnned.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Call-
' fornia Orange Syrvp Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
NEAT girl for housework and plain cooking;
German preferred. 20 Camp st., nr. Guerrero.
A GIRL to assist with light housework; no
cooking; wages, $8. 578 Sixth st. ■
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 635 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32 V_. Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught: satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy: evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
HELP .V ANTED— MALE.
COME INTO MURRAY & READY ........*..
( Rhone Main 5848
' Leading Employment and Labor Agents)
All ye that labor and they will give you
work at
BIG WAGES
12 laborers. 8 hours, fare 50c $61
15 laborers, 10 hours, fare SOc $75
12 laborers, 10 hours, fare 60c $*>o
14 four-horse teamsters, fare $140 $•"')
16 laborers, factory and manufacturing work.
$36 and found
27 laborers for street-car companies
WAREHOUSE WORK
12 men for warehouse work $2 50 day
MARRIED
s. men and wives for ranches '
$40, $37. and found
gardener and wife, $35 and found; cooks and
wives, $40 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Milk wagon driver, also boy to drive
$25. $15 and found
27 laborers, board home $175 day
32 laborers, good No. l jobs.. s3o, $26 and found
12 two-horse teamsters
$175 day. $26 and found
FARMS AND DAIRIES
93 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $30. $26, $25, $20 and found
32 milkers, different jobs
$30 and $25 and found
CHOREMHJN AND BOYS
15 choremen and boys for ranches, etc.. $30,
$26, $25. $2". $15, $10 and found. Come and see
. . . .'.'. . . . A V AND HARVEST HELP
32 men for different positions in hay and har-
vest field, all parts of California, $2 50, $2,
$1 50 day and found; also stablemen
MURRAY - READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK
10 carpenters, 8 hours, steady job, free fare.
$3 day; carpenter, San Mateo County. 8
hours 83 day
3 carpenters, sawmill company
MURRAY & READY.
_ 634-636 Clay St.
BOOKKEEPER, stenographer and typewriter,
$40 and found; steady job; for a ranch. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. |
ENGINEER with references as hoisting engi-
neer. $3 day: call early .:... :.:....:....
\ 4 firemen 830 and found
MURRAY & READY.
..." 634-636 Clay st.
FREE TO". SAWMILLS AND WOODS
129 laborers to work as common laborers in
yards, mills, woods, etc.. no experience re-
quired. $26 and found and increase
Everybody going Are you?
' ALSO
Head donkevmen Spool tenders Log
fixers Screw turners Bark peelers
Tree fellers .lackscrewers Shin-
gle loggers Mill men Mill bench
hand ......Lumber pilars Firemen
Woodchoppers Tiemakers Woods-
men Crosscut sawyers And other
help .. ..Wages for above sawmill and wood
jobs, $80, $75, $70, $60, $7.7,. $45, $4". $35 and $30
and found •• • ■■•■•-.-.
MURRAY & READ..
634-636 Clay St.
FREE .............. FREE FREE
TO EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
For tunnel men. drillers, teamsters, laborers,
headermen, muckers, spikers. hammermen,
section hands, etc.; wages -•••■
Free From $3 day Free
MURRAY & READY.
" ' ' 634-636 Clay st.
MINES ............ IT MINES MINES
1 136 laborers (no experience required) $60
$50 $40, $30 and found, fare from $1 30........
5 gold miners, steady, good job $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and KM Clay st.
COOKS .... WAITERS .... DISHWASHERS
34 cooks for mines, ranches, hotels, saloons,
campe, restaurants, etc.. also second and
third hands, $7,7., $50, $45. $10, $30, $_S and
found -" ■• ••-••
29 dishwashers $30. $25. $2". $15 and fd.
19 waiters $30. $25. $20 and found
Bartender and porter, middle-aged man
$20 ami found
3 waiters for mines...' $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PORTERS . .BUTCHERS. . . .LAUNDRYMEN
6 butchers, city and country jobs, $35. $30, $2>
and found: 7 porters, city and country jobs,
$26 $20, $15 and found ■•••• •
5 laundrymen 83". an d found
2 hall and bell hoys $10 and found
■MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS ...... BOYS FRUIT PICKERS
16 bakers' helpers, third, second and fourth
hands; also boys to assist and learn, $40. $30.
$35 $20 and found
12 boys for trades, stores, etc ■■
■• $4 50. $4 and $3 week
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
NO OFFICE FEE
50 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD
FREE FARE
$1 75 to $2 50 per day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $50: broiler. $50; third cook. $40;
dishwashers, potwashers and vegetablemen,
$2*) and $25; 2 elevator and bellboys, $10; 3
cooks, country. $30, $35 and $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
NIGHT kitchen scrubber. $35; day kitchen
hand, $25; both for flrst-class country hotel;
steady place the year around; free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . :
2 FARMERS, same ranch, $35 and found; 6
farmers, different ranches, fare 50c, $1 25 a
day and board; 4 men for haying, $1 25 a
day and board; blacksmith, $2 a day and,
board; • milkers, woodsmen, laborers and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 MORE men to build fences, country, $2 to
$2 25 a day and free fare; call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. -...,.■ ■
IRQNER on St. Clair machine, country laun-
dry. $60; 2 washers, country. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ' :
WANTED— rough carpenters to build fence.
$2 25 a day and fare paid; 10 farmers, going
wages, different places; laborers for city. $5
a day and board where you please; dairyman
and wife. $40: a tender for masons as helper,
$2 a day: milkers. $27.; blacksmith helper.
$1.50 day; machinist. $3 a day; farmers. $1 25
day. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62S Sacramento st. .-_--.-■ .....
WANTED— A gardener who knows something
about propagating, $30, see party at our of-
fice tl*s forenoon. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Broiler or fry cook. $50; cook, small
restaurant. $40:- cook, $10 a week: waiter for
springs, $25, fare refunded; 4 kitchen men.
$20; waiter for laboring camp, $25; cook for
delicatessen. $40, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Engineer for gravel mine; 6 gravel
miners, $40 and board; blacksmith, sharpen
drills for mine, $40 and found, see boss in
city; 6 quartz miners, $2 50 a day; 2 carpen-
ters for mine, $3 a day. fare refunded; 10 la-
borers Tor different mines, $1 75 to $2 40 a day;
teamsters to drive scraper teams, $2 a day;
man to handle grain, $2 50 a day; 14 woods-
men, $26 to $40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. -
WANTED 7. ••••• ••••;•-•
Burleigh driller for first-class mining com-
pany $2 50 per day
10 milkers, steady jobs $30
20 farm hands, near city $1 to $1 50 per day
Ranch teamsters $1 to $1 25 per day-
Farmer and yrife $3-;
5 laborers for mine $45
3 more miners $52
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED _
Cook for small boarding house, near city, $35;
dishwasher for same place, $15; second cook
for nice coffee saloon, $8 per week.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S offlce. 316 Stockton St. Broiler. $50;
fryer. $50; second cook for camp, $40; 3 dish-
washers, $25 and $30; potwashers, $20 and $30*
kitchen hands, $25; night waiter, $35; gar-
dener, German, $30; man to milk. etc. private
place, $25; boy for store. $10 and found; help
for the country; 100 laborers, city and coun-
try. $1 75 a day and $26 and found.
WANTED— and wife for ranch, $40 per
month; also a man to do chores and take care
of horses, $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A COOK. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GOOD salesman wanted to sell a line of dry-
goods, retail and country trade: flne side line;
big commission. CHESTNUT. PENN &'
STREET. Manufacturers, 209-11-13 lonic st
Philadelphia. Pa.
I A COUPLE without children to work on ranch-
must know how to make wine. 3445 Twen-
I tieth St.. bet. 10 a. m. and 4p. m.
' ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day
week or mo. ; rates. 23c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
WANTED— 2 good stage hands Thursday "sTaT
m. sharp. 919 Eddy st.
WANTED— Strong boy about 8 to learn to
press on custom pants. 41 1. 2 Kearny, top a.
. WANTED— A cook at 922 Battery st,
j BRIGHT boy wanted, about 17. to learn trade
j CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market it.-
HELP WANTED— Contlnned. j
FIRST-CLASS metal spinner and tinsmith $
.wan ted;, steady work. 586 Mission st.
SALESMAN; city and country; staple goods;
factory to consumer. 1171 Mis! St.'- -
WELL educated boy 16 .to learn architect busi-
ness. 44 Thurlow block.
WANTED— A bootblack. y3j JMarket__st.
TWO bench hands for f-anli'S mill. Corner
Market and Dolores sts^ .
WANTED— « good .lunch waiters. 236 Towns- -
end st , - $
SOLICITOR for printing offlce. 420 Montgomery
st., room 33. .
WANTED- 1 M Fourth : st. -
6 GOOD solicitors, male or female. Room 63, {
Flood building, 12 lot .
AN f experienced; bouse to house solicitor. Box | j
4593, Cal! office.
WANTED-A wood turner. Apply 3208 Six-
teenth st. __— . '
WANTED— AI man to work a half lay; board
and lodging. ___« Twenty-fourtn st. .
BOY wanted, about 17 years, to run errands. "
906 Larkin st." .
GOOD - Hinch waiter wanted. -beast cor.
Main and Howard 6ts. .
tVANTEI>- First-class barber; steady job. 1344
Turk st.
WANTED-^A bootblack In barber shop. 202
Fourth ft.
gonp lunch waiter wanted at 617 Montgomery-
Btreet.
PAPER hanger with tools at 941 Fillmore st. •
Cal! bet. 9 and 10 a. m. •
YOUNG man to drive delivery wag refer-
ences required. Apply "*l5 Hampshire at. '
YOUNG man wanted to drive grocery delivery -
agon. 435 Third st. *
DISHWASHER, $4 week. 619 Larkin st^ i
WANTED 2 men and three strong boys to
work in cannery. 376 San Jose aye.. city.
APPLY Immediately, California Canneries
Co., Ltd.. Brannan St., between Third ana -
Fourth. '
WANTED— A man who understands his busi-
ness as de* il ore-anl.er for one of the bs-st -
fraternal orders in the ited States; only •
those who are capable and mean business need
apply. Call on or address DR. **"v\. M. PARK. .
24 Sixth st San Francisco. Cal. Office hours,
10 a. m. to 1:30 p. m.
TEAMS wanted to *-■ rk on the canal being 7.
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero et?.. San Francisco, or on work at (
Sunol.
WANTED — On** hundred an-" fifty men on grad- j
1-g for rail'-'^ad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; w 3 ges $2. TRUCKEE & lake: TAHOE -
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee. I
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 60; new shoes.
slightly can-.aged. half price. 562 Mission et.,
bet Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a m. to 9p. ra. i
WANTED— Flrst-class mechanical draughts- -
men; state experience and salary expected, i
Pox. 4910. '"all office.
WANTED— A man who understands nursery -
work and florist business. 500 Haight st. I
BRIGHT boy wanted, about 17, to learn trade.
CARSON GLOVE CO., 305 Market st.
BARBER — Satisfactory reasons for selling;
cash $65 or installments; 2 living rooms; rent, ]
$12. 50. Inquire immediately, 26 Hayes st,
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, Sso to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to 'earn barber trade; $15 weekly made *
after E weeks; ill or write for free lllus- '
trated catalogue. MOLER'S Barber College,
635 Clay st.
WANTED— A live solicitor for milk route. I
Address A. 8., Call branch, 639 McAllister,
WANTE Hammermen a; Point Richmond;
wages $2 25 per day; board $4 60 week. . (
MEN wanted— Laborers, drilimen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to -
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, SOI Mont- J
gomery st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages .
11 -- and $2; board $4 50 per week. Apply (
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
WANTED— Distributors. EMPIRE LAUNDRY $
CO.. 755 Bryant street.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ- _
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
■WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know f
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, etlll
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large -
rocms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WILSON House, 775 Miesion St.. near Fourth— .
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water; free «
baths: electric lights; elevator:?" : to $1 night.
SAILORS and ordinary seaman for coast and _
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED men to find clean, central, cheap _
rms.. 25c, 50c night; hkpg.. 11 25 up. SS 3d st.
WANTED — Mer. can learn the barber trade tor (
$5 at 154. Market st.
WO SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c "
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
ME..' and women to learn barber trade at S. F. ',
BARBER COLLEGE. I.S*. Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor- "
nays, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 77.C, $1
to J? 60 week. Elcho House. S63"_ Market st- i_
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. **
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 26c night; reading room; free
"bus and bageage to and from the ferry.
______ _____mm_____—mmm n .
AGENTS WANTED.
A— NO. 1 sellers for office or house rustlers;
closing out heap. Greater West Adv. Nov.
Co.. Oakland.
ROOMS WANTED. i
FURNISHED room; bath, If possible; not far
from center of city. Box 4685. Call. j
. WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Martin concert guitar. Address!
Guitar. 2621 Pine st.
GOOD second-hand saw cutting lathe; about 6-
foot bed. Box 4934, Call office. C
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams ! -
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B. j *.
STONE. Elrrjjiurst.
Z — , | .
ROLLER top desk; second-hand; must be fine, j
Box 168**. Call office. _^^ |
HORSES. 1
FOR Bale horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables, 1201 Turk st.
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, biggies. !
carts, harness; Grand Area Horse Market,
B. Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business -
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. sue- I 1
cesser* Kllllp <«- Co.; salesyard. 1732 Market.
FOR sale— sso; dark bay horse; 7 years; 15
hands; 1100 pounds; _ ._ roadster. 1715 Sac-
ramento st.
FANCY cerrla-e, saddle and road horses. DAL" \
ZIEL. veterinary dentist, 605 Golden Gate.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
■ etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. j_;
100 BE. second-hand haraeßs; wagons, carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. | "
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. j _
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st I .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters. |
linoleum, office furniture, store and office i .
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand, j "
J. NOONAN. 10:7-1C19-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
JAPANESE pug pups; Nippon, the father, has
taken first prize, at dog show. Call at 7011 ! _
Jones St. S
SHOEMAKER'S shop for sale; price reasona- j t
bie; going East. 103 Tenth Bt. . j
DOMES sewing machine; almost new; oak
s finish : complete : cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. loth. !
CAMERAS. 'and photo supplies— A full line'
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building. ,
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band' saw. ! V
wood plan**.*- 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchr.n.ed. 1063 Mission st.
CAMERAS and photo I lies— A full line : 7
selling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building. !
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pjlpe, engine, j
boiler, ammonia tank. White. 516 Mission. '. __
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. J1_072 h. p. $125. ~3 I
h. p. $160. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 727. Mission. : _
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits. $3 95. Misfit Cloth- ;
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial. _"
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75.VPopu- j
lar Price Hatters, 230' Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES — All sizes, new and .econd-hand: THE i ]
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all ! *-
sires; half original cost. 103-111 Market. 8. F. i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
■2200 — MILK ranch, consisting of 26 cows, 31 al-
together, . horses, 1 wagon, 150 chickens and
all rtrjuisites for- the business; route estab-
lished 6 years; 20 cows milk dally: all good
private trade; full investigation invited: to
the right man a bargain and a fortune In a
few years; don't: delavr owner _ reed to sell
account sickness. M. LESS  CO., 765 Market.
"3i.«-C*— SALOON; centrally located; vicinity of
<"ail and Exatnlnor; handsome place, neat and
inviting; large stock; patronage of test class;
established 21 year.; best bargain In this line
t> be had to-day; this Al chance worth In-
vestigating. M. LESS & CO., 766 Marl St.
l-<>O— OYSTER and chop house; north of Mar-
ket st., vicinity Baldwin; fine fixtures; best
class of custom: good prices for everything;
; roflts of concern would Justify an Invest-
ment of $1800; full Invest!-;:-. chance in a
lifetime. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
150— PARTNER li well-established restaurant
as cashier and attend to help; good location;
big business. M. LESS .- CO:. 765 Market St.
..00 — CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
city; flourishing business; value in sight; full
Investigation. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
f_2r_o— SALOON on Market St.; first class ln
every respect; one of the best-known, most
popular places; well established; doing excel-
lent business. M. LESS & CO., 767. Market st.
A— s6so; MILLINERY store on Valencia st.'. do-
ing a splendid business; first-class cash cus-
tom; flne living rooms; rent $30: proprietress
to leave the city. R. G, WILKE. 906 Slarket.
A $300— FLORIST'S store and green house in
Oakland: established 12 years; on main street;
well stocked: splendid paying business. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A $600— CHOP HOI'S E and coffee saloon; open
day and night; opposite Oakland ferries; es-
tab::-- years and doing a rushing business.
Inquire R. G. ILKE, 906 Market st.
A — s-00; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
ln largest market in Oakland; rent $55; estab-
lished many years and splendid paying;
sickness of owner only cause of eale. R, G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— AIT. Kind of patents for sale; bring in your
inventions. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
'6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sta; first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
.—1200; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$40; cloee to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. WILKE. .'.■: Market St.
V— 5S5O; CORNER iloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent 1 -.v ; lease; a
first-,-' . paying lace; no better offtr for
man and wife. Call P.. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
3ALOON, near Market, must sell this week;
bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
ROOMING house, centrally located in Oakland;
bargain this day. COWING <_. CO., 995 Mar-
ket st.
FRUIT store, centrally located: fine cash busi-
ness; bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
.IGAR store, centrally located: great sacrifice;
tn:s day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
=tOAD house doing fine business; must be sold; j
leaving city. COWING & CO.. 995 Market. 1
[1000 WANTED— A lar-taer with that amount
to Invest In a business enterprise; will guar-
antee $30*" profit monthly. For particulars see
McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 : . Market st. •
(700— SALOON: bargain; other business cause
of -a: McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 _ Market.
SI2S— BRANCH bakery', notions, school supplies,
milk, delicacies; living rooms; che___j rent;
great sacrifice. JONES, .65 Market St.
TOR sale— s37s, worth $1000 at any time; cash ;
register, safe, all stock of liquors and cigars;
doing good business; fine location; cause of :
sale, owner going East next week; don't miss
this bargain. Box 4905, Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap; stock of house furnishing
goods, complete Bet of tinners' tools and ma-
chines: rent cheap; good jobbing location;
20078 Fillmore st. reason of sale, sickness.
Call at above address.
F"OR sale cheap; a good hand laundry; doing
business from $45 to $30 a week; must sell at
once. Apply Call offlce.
"TRST-CLASS bakery, confectionery; good run-
ning order; 4 furn. rms.; to responsible party.
Apply between 2 and 5 p. m . 918 Larkin st.
.IGAR stand and saloon to let, at 1312 Market
St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall; rent $40; ■,
price of fixtures, $275; a snap.
RESTAURANT; must sell on account of leav- !
ing city ; receipts 515 daily; at your own
price. Address 704 Larkin st.. nr. Ellis. i
DLD-ESTABLISHED upholstering business;
bargain. 644 Geary, between Jones and Lea- I
venworth. j
:27-0 — OLD established ccrner saloon; great bar-
gain; fair business. 632 Market st., room 6.
V GOOD flrst-class saloon for sale; price $200:
reason for selling, ■. Ing East 628 Broadway. ;
VANTED— A restaurant In good location; price '
not over $400. Box 4900. Call office.
lESTAURANT for sale cheap. 844 Third st.
350 — PARTNER: entirely new enterprise; refer-
ences exchanged. Box 4897, Call offlce.
rO let— Saloon: well fitted up in complete run-
ning order; now open. Inquire 930 Howard st.
RESTAURANT for sale; old established stand;
on Mission St., 606; will sell at a' bargain.
3ROCERY and bar; good business; for sale,
price $47.0. 122 Langton st.
PARTNER wanted; cash business; experience
not essential; no bonus demanded. Box S.Call. '
HAIRDRESSING Btore: good stock and fix-
tures; must sell, sickness, i; i 4S7_, Call.
TOR sale or rent— Fully equipped bakery; doing
good business In good town near the city.
Particulars I. SCHARI 20 Montgomery st.
rO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON, 78SH Market st.
_ NEW discovery for weak, sore, discharging. :
painful, watery, Itching, burning and . in- j
flamed eves and lids; for children and par-
ents: by mail, 50c. GERMAN OPTICAL IN- :
STITUTE. 1071*._ Market st.. San Francisco,
Cal. Wanted— l reliable agent In every State.
fEAT market: well located; doing entire cash j
business. Inquire 610 Castro for particulars. !
?TRST -CLASS paying butcher, sausage and j
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north ( ' Han Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
V— CIGAR stand at invoice price; centrally lo-
cated; rent $15. Apply before 11 a m. at res-
taurant.. 10 Hayes et.
riRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wieland
Brewery. Second and Folsom sts.
SOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing flrst-class
business ; good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call offlce.
lOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
. • FFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL * CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st. ,
LODGING BOUSES FOR SALE.
5-ROOM house on Howard st .-..5600
22-room; new; cost $4500 ISOO
24 rooms on Geary st 625
26 rooms: corner house 860
14 rooms on '•■Fan-.-;; Bt '350
12-room house; large yard; downtown — 400 j
15 rooms: clears $100; only 800
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
64-room house; clears $$ 1600
H. C. PECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
2 ROOMS; Post st.; $150 cash.... $375 j
1-. rooms: $260 cash; interest I*4 per cent.. 650
25 rooms: cheap rent; only 650
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO., 1025 MARKET ST.
200-^.LODGING house of 20 rooms fur sale;
rent $15. 72 Jackson Ft.
vTL'E sunny house of 11 mis. for sale cheap;
call for one week. 233 Third St.. nr. Howard.
I ROOMS; established 10 years; fullest Inves- i
tigation. LARSEN. 31S Rush st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MORTGAGE sale— To go quick; no cost mark.
DAVIS, 1145 Market st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpete, laid and lined,
SOc. Eastern' Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
I ROOMS furnished in oak for S4> 50. With No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
lENSEN Furniture Store, 11-.0 Mission, buys, '
*■'-::-. ex. new. 2d- hand fur., carpets, stoves.
LOST.
_OST— Certificate of Deposit No. 2,635 of The ,
Nevada National Rank of San Francisco,
dated 2d June, 1899,' tor $250, in favor of C.
F. Houghton. Payment of same' has been
stopped and all persona are warned against i
negotiating such certificate; reward. Box
4914, Cal! office.
"•OURTH of July night, bet. Folsom and Har-
rison sts.. leather pocket letter case, with
Russian and German papers. Finder return
to M. S. WANIORHK. 705 California st ,
room 37. Reward. *
.OST— July 5. small fishing rod on Market St.,
below Fremont. Please return to 862 Va-
lencia st. and receive liberal reward.
vOST— A S.t. Bernard dog. A liberal reward
for bis return to 1547 Pacific aye.
X)ST— Ladles' gold watch; return 2C3 Lexing- -
ton aye... near Twentieth street; reward.
-OST— In San Mateo County, near Millbrae.
lady's gold watch. Handsome reward at 835
Sutter St., S. i"- - : ■
.OST— A lady's gold watch an,! chain. Return
to 151S Bush St.: reward.
DIAMOND bracelet. Handsome reward If re- I
•turned to 71S Treat aye., near Twentieth st. J
THE SAX FEAKCrSCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1899.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also I
chenllle-wove rugs. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LEDERER'S QTJINTONICA Is a perfect hair
tonic; does not change the color of the hair
and removes dandruff. 1.3 Stockton st.
THERE is but one Lederer; his halrdressing
parlors are thronged; beet work but 25.:
switches. $1 up; hair rolls, 10c; very longest,
only SOc. 123 Stockton tt. -
LADIES— A big cut in prices; S8 Ypstlantl
union suits, $8; equestrian tights. 25c. OBER S,
34 Geary st. —
SUITS to order on Installment* at cash price*; '
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
$1 PER wee. for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. • and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign ,
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per. night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 7.2 Sacramento St.: tel. Main 1536.
T. BRILLIANT, 328-840 Post St., will sell you :
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
eeparate ward for oontagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin. sl4 Pine.ab.Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. : open overlings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladles* or gerfa's clothing, furniture, bought, i
sold: tel. Mint 9.7. JACOBS. 1028 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L. j
LEMOS. 1117 Market st-, bet, "th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24 1 " CP-nrrell. bet Powell A Mason
DRESSMAKERS.
387 GEARY Ft.— Dresses made. $5 up: dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium.
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
PoEt and Geary: sittings $1: diagnosis free.
A— MRS. EBBRHARDT, test meeting, 8:15, 10c.
F250 Twenty-second St., between Mission and
Valencia; followed by a social dance.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 60c, $1 up. 106 Tay- :
lor St.. parlor 3-5.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c 605 McAllister st. come, skeptics.
MRP. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ; ■
Men . 8: Xc; sittings 11. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either In person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and Is master i
of the power by which she can reveal your I
entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you ore Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mall, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 60c; gents. II; Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York: scleittific palmistry, astrologlst:
readings SOo and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past, ■
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. tS Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MRS. SOPHIE SEIP, reliable psychometrist;
Be. Sun., Tues., Fri., at 8; 10c 1724 Market.
EMMA GOLDMAN, the anarchist lecturer,
speaks July 6 at 117 Turk at.: 6 p. m.
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by !
cards; satisfaction guar.: 25c. 1322 Mission. |
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; Sunday hours, i
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6. j
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business |
advice; names given; 27..- up.. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card j
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. '
PALMISTRY.
MME. : -?'.G.\RD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
YOUR fate is In your hand: children half price.
MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market St., room 29.
PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. Fee 50 cts. 78 Third st., room 4.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist. 915
Bush st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 '
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investl- j
. gate and approve this method; prices are the j
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains j
ln good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and j
J" "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. |
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter I
Bts . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house !
west of. r'hicaeo Is" KOHLER A CHASE'S.
■ 26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades 1
and prices; terms ea6y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. j
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard |
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices I
to all. W. '*. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. j
OUR specialty Is renting planoe, organs, $1. 1
SCOTT. CUP.TA2X MO Hayes st.
AT $127; Stelnway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis si ■
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano ln fine condition: also
the famous Hornung' Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
rnung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Chickerlng and 3 Bteinways, Keeffe'e.
I 19 Van Ness nve., nr. Geary; fel. Larkin. 7o6.
R. A. DANIELS is now With BYRON
MAUZTY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A- UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mausy and other pianos. 303
Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ). 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new stylea KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, Old and new. H.
M- LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CARPET CLEANING.
WHE..' You become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 253-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St., cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4' Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 9.4.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. .S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ■
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James O. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, *-25-*?sr. Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE lice; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. ,W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE-Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free: 10 fees in advance.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
72. Mission; goods .guaranteed: tel. Clay 27.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn. & H. H. goods/ 735 Mkt., tel. Black 311.
-..--'< :>-__„■■.,■:.-. •»'->. --:.:■' ■-_■-.--- --_,-;;-•»:,
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed-
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. '*-■•'■-->'
JONES. 616 — Bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath. '
VERY fine house, ln perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first et.. near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; Bee it. E. G. DENNISTON, ,
Ml* Twenty-first st. j
VERY pleasant house, ln perfeot condition; 83S«
Twenty-first 6t.. near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable:* see, lt.
FURNISHED FLATS.
TO. RENT— Nicely furnished flat*- 4 rooms and
bath; sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
FLATS TO "LET.
A 8-ROOM flat; near Mission and Third sts.;
rent $10. Apply 15 Grant aye.
BOWIE aye., — A flat of 3 bay-window rooms; !
cheap rent to a small family.-
FLAT hunting made easy with the. printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St. . -
McALLISTER. — Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
MODERN 5-room flat. 135 Ash aye.. between
Van Ness aye. and Polk st.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.; j
lovely eunny 5-room flat; modern' improve- ]
ments; rent $17; water free. '77 '
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073. near Castro— s-
room flat: modern; rent $15; water free.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 624*_— 2 unfurnished roomß, with large ;
jar., $*"; no children. ;
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkln^Bay window alcove, |
kitchen; gas stove; also single bay window.
FILLMORE, 22.8 near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— s7; 2 large sunny i
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
FIFTH, 353 — furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13; 2,' $10; single, $7,; large front, $7. j
FULTON, 218, corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
flat. 4 rooms; gas range: bath: also others.
GEARY. 622— Furnished sunny, bay-window I
parlor, kitchen, yard, laundry; hkpg; also sgl.
GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished j
flats; each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cel-
lars, gas; every convenience: $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 331— Nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; running water;
bath; $13.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front.
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
HAWTHORNE, 172, bet. 2d and 3d. nr. Harri- !
son—Small prettily fur. flat; private; $16 mo. j
HOWARD. 628, bet. First and Second— .N.oe
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping. |
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— nice large ;
sunny room: also 1 or 2 for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 7U*_. near Third— 2 furnished
rooms; rent $9 per month.
JONES. 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete, {
$16; also double and single rooms, cheap. I
!
KEARNY, 22:*. nr. Sutter— 2 nice front rooms; j
gas free; janitor service; $12.50. 15 Grant aye. i
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and .
kitchen, folding bed. $12; 8 unfurnished, $6.
MARTHA pi.. 2, off Geary nr. Taylor— 2 neatly
furnished rms; complete for hkp; stove; yard. I
MISSION. 833— Bay-window suite complete for
housekeeping, $3 week: large room, $2 week.
MISSION, 945 — 3 nice furnished rooms for \
housekeeping, front; bedroom, kitchen.
NATOMA, CO— 2 housekeeping rooms; $5; flne
yard; sun all day. }
POST, 617H— 2 pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
PROSPECT place, 123. oft California, between
Stockton andPowell — Large room and kitchen;
flne view of bay; morning sun; $10; pri. Ger.
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Comfortably turn,
single suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
VALENCIA 1171—2 large sunny bay-window
rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Furnished sunny flat; 3 jj
rooms and bath; complete for housekeeping;
only permanent and responsible parties.
WASHINGTON, 2907— Upper floor. 8 large I
rooms and bath: rent, $16. i
ROOMS TO LET.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms, :
25c to ii per night; $1 27, to 57, per week, and '
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath: rooms. Mc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— furnished sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reaß.; transient.
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; flrst-
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor, Golden Gate j
ave.— Su-.ny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLAY, 1629— Nicely furnished front room, with
or without kitchen; cheap. Inquire at 1528 '
Polk street.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly ;
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, Sunny, desirable rooms, $9 upward
month; also housekeeping very reasonable.
EDDY, 303, corner Jones 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms; double beds; homelike.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. j
FIFTH, 322— 51 a week, . large sunny single
furnished room; closet; bath; private.
FOURTH, 12S._, nr Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms. :
GEARY, 3-7—3 newly furnished rooms; sunny; ;
gas: hot bath; closets; central; light house-
keeping allowed.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny looms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and ,
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or Blngle;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family !
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton- |
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD, 646, near 3d— New house. 80 rms.;
newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $5 upward.
HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 2133.— Large sunny furnished rooms
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $6 and $8.
HYDE, 129— Nicely furnished rooms, from $5
up- j
HYDE. 917, near Pine— back parlor, suit- j
able for 1 or 2 gents; ref. ex.; also 1 email rm. j
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary New manage- i
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.),515 up; ref. ;
MARKET, 753 _— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NAT 1 'MA. 282*4. near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms; water and yard; rent $5.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo,
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
RINGOLD. 29. between Eighth and Ninth, Fol- ! .
torn and Harrison— Three large unfurnished
rooms.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncsndescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladiea' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50:
week, $2 to $8: month, $8 to $*10; elevator on
offlce floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st-,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 132— Neatly fur. sunny rooms: suite?
and single; also housekpg; rates moderate.
SIXTH, 429— Two nice sunny front furnished,
eultable for light housekeeping, and other
room.
STEVENSON, 637lj— 'Sunny front room, nicely |
furnished, $4 per month. '____. j
SUTTER, 3204 (Stanford House)— Suites from
$12 up; single rooms, $1 50 up.
TAYLOR, 117— Furnished rooms for $1 60 up per
week; also housekeeping rooms.
TAYLOR, 1732. near Jackson st. cars— Large
sonny bay-window suite; partly frnshd. gas;
bath; hot. cold wat.; tel: suit, for l or 3 g?nts.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A _> 6 rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE PIEDMONT. 119 A Sixth St., corner Min-
na—Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom. nr. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas. bath; also hskpg. I
THIRD. 25, nr. Market -^Sunniest rooms ln San !
Francisco; white lights: extra good beds: chp.
TALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny iurnlshed and un- j
furnished suites. $5 up; single. $1 50 up.
"PHYSICIANS.
DR. ' C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1027- Market St., bet. 6th and 7th. I
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT 41.*. First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor.
ATLAS—. 1001 Sutter— New. beautifully fur.*
sunny suites, .ingle r., reas.; board optional.
GOLDEN GATE. 160— Elegant parlor suite,
newly furnished; other rooms; hot and cold
water: 2 block* from Market st.
HOTEL Victoria. 1105 Hyde. cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath: board optional.
LAS ■ PALMAS. 182*. Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board qp.
O'FARRELL. Large front room, running
J water, home cooking: also single rm?., $20 up.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq— Restaurant, dining rm. : cen. for lunches.
SUTTER. 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty carden: home cooking.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
NEAT, refined young woman desires children
to board; best of references. Apply 531 Castro.
WANTED— I or 2 children to take care of;
French lady. Box 4943. Call.
GOOD home for Infants: only $10 per month.
210 Lexlneton aye.. near Nineteenth st
— _ ■ —Tt
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream, parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular price**.
STORES TO LET.
ELEGANT cafe: lease on liberal terms; loca-
tion central; Improvements the finest. For
full particulars apply MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st.
LARGE corner store; rent reasonable; Seventh
and Natoma sis. Apply 605 Natoma.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak. Ie, Inflamed. Itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mat! 50c. German Optical Institute, 1071*. Mar-
ket, S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt. In every State.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find
ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential* home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded bj* MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sult!: the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and -Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers feated: node-
lay; self-cure Bent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122. Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever :
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, -$5: travelers helped In- !
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy."
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market Bt.. between'
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress ln medical sci- I
ence for female troubles, from whatever |
Cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped j
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $3; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari- I
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more case . of Irregulari- j
ties than any he- physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
•-rent can be used at home; consultation
free; call or write. 102314 Market at.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases red exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 8000 varieties being used;
. advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home; no Instruments; sulfation free and
confidential: home treatment, 57,. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye. ■■'-.': ■■• '■■<
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & CO., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50, Send 2o stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MERITO, Sure, safe preventive; married ladles
try It; price $1. sample box 27>: write for cir-
cular.Merito Mfg.C0.,227 Leavenworth St. .S.F.
A- DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215'_ Mason St.—
Private home ln confinement: ladies' friend
ln trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
MRS ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st.: tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $* up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 117, Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELE<STRICAL and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages,. English; 24
teachers; day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 Instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening 'lasses. Address secretary'
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big., S.F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $30; low rates per week and mo.
WANTED— Banjo pupils: banjo taught by short
method. PROF. C. H. McLEOD, 9.2 . Mc-
Allister st.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est." 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
HOME In a French family with French and
musical Instruction. 1910 Stelner st.
THE Studio. 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet. English and German, SOc lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo.; top flat. 514 Hayes st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English; coaching
specialty: during vacation $3 mo. 220 Eddy.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, B. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
ears' experience; 50c an hour. 620 -Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College', nor, Larkin St.. ■■-. City Hall.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, offlce and principal place of busi-
ngs 327 Market St., San Francisco. ' al.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 2Sth day
of June, IS97*. an assessment (No. 6) of one
(1) cent per share was levied upon the capi-
ta: stock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately In United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office ofthe company at the
above add! * ■-'•"-
.ny stock up* which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th lay of July. 1899.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before, will be sold on" the i v th day of Au-
gust. 1599, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. • CHARLES A. HUG, Secretary,
327 Market st.
CLEANING ( O.MPOUNDS.
CTICA cleansing, toilet and paste compounds;
first prize 199 Royal Agricultural Society.
Sydney: cures poison oak: a household bless-
" ing. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. Agent; offlce and
factory. 21 Spear st. ■ ■ .. -
..^„„ r .„„ ACCOUNTANTS. .
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ref.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING. <
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. <
COMBINE PLEASURE WITH BUSINESS;
SECURE A LOT FROM US AT A BARGAIN.
$400 to $800 — Sunset and Richmond lots graded
and ready to build on. 825 down and $10 month- ,
ly. V
$700 to $1100— Two beautiful 5-room cottages
near Mission Electric Car line, on easy terms.
$150 to $300— Ocean View Boulevard lots, $10 ,
flown and $5 monthly.
$100 to $125— Level Ocean View lots, $5 month-
J ' SOL OETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
ONLY $150 EACH.
2 lots 2<"r<;>", and 28x120, in Richmond, north
of the park; 2" years ago lots In this block
sold for $500 each: to make Immediate and
peremptory sale this week I offer th.- lots at
this low price; if any one wants to pay in In-
stallments to suit I can help them out; here
Is the chance to earn the first $1000 in the
purchase; Title Insurance and Trust Com-
pany will Issue policy. W. J. GUNN.
410 Montgomery st.
20 ACRES OIL LAND. Fresno County, for $10;
get particulars. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate,
money loaned to and for you. Mills building;
phone 1196: "no stock in a company." j
IF ycu have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
A SACRIFICE— SI76O; 2 flats, 9 roms; hard fin-
ished; beautiful view; no agents. 4083 Army .
CODNTK. U_'AL -Sr.V'fE. |
NEW rich land near city; small and iars*>- j
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 750. ,
acres 'eft. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-9S .'-"dress THE -
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F. j
FOR SALE— 3-room cottage; lot 2.".x150: Coro- ;
nado Beach. San Diego. Apply 1313 York st. ,
FRL'J'-. gralr and stock farms.
W. D HOLCOM A. ('('.. 20 Montgomery *t.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED for cash— Equities in city property;
no agents; owners only. Box. 4898. Call.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhe.-e in San i
Francisco. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate and :
Loans. Mills building.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak- I
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J. '
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6Ms per cent on real estate. Id
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro- j
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de- !
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8. !
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- j
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew- -
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewo",ry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1314.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential. i
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st. j
LOANS made to salaried people; real and j
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third St. j
AT Nevada Loan Offlce. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL. 44. Merchants' Exchange. j
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real j
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg; notify; will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels. j
etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner building. ;
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.; ,
any proposition. DRYDEN". 413 Montgomery. j
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no !
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes j
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg. ,
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need \
more money ... H. MURPHY. *"3'"> Market.
_-______-—-
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927 !
Market St., *ver Cafe Zlnkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from SOc:
plates, from $4 .0; flesh colored plates, from ;
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays^ I
i A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our ,
_.--.■ flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. 50c; crowns. $3 50: plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. j
: AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teetu
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of- |
flee hours. 9a. m. to 1" p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 2 j -
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager. ;
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex- ,
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- :
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prises; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 25c up; gold j
crowns, $3: gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex- i
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW ;
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th. j
DR. LI'DLT'M HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operator's: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns.
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
SET of 1 teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1-eil Polk St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— s2s CASH. $5 60 monthly till paid for, will
build to order a 3-room cottage; high base-
ment: lot 50x256: price In full. $425; more land
can be had adjoining; rich soil and level;
Westa'.l Tract, In tropical Fruitvale : no fogs .
nor cold winds; electric cars and a I+o-foot
boulevard near; not far from a flne 3-story
schoolhouse; fine lots from $39 upward: call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. Broad-
way station, Oakland; carriage free. 11. Z.
JONES. Owner.
$1600 ;
REDUCED FROM $30C0
IF SOLD THIS WEEK.
House. 7 rooms, bath; lot 40x120; first-class
neighborhood: stone walk and street work
complete; convenient to business center.
FIRST COME FIRST SERVED.
J. S. MEYERS. 1002 Broadway.
INSECT exterminator: will sell State or county
cheap to right party. Apply E. E. BUNCE,
90S Broadway, Oakland . j
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
• Paying millinery store, $5000.
Good-paving lodging house, $2000.
J. II EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMSHED HOUSES
FOR 6 months or longer: 12 rooms, well fur-
nished; sunny front and back lawn; flowers; |
vines. 1364 Franklin st. : ' minutes to nar-
row-gauge station; call 11 to f>: references.
OAKLAND FIHMIiP.I- FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you :rom H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer "•'- ■-. ' T---, -.(i- Oak! .nd;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. j
ALAMEDA ROOMS' AND HOARD.
HOME for Indies In delicate health; large
grounds: rrivate. MRS. DR. FT'NKE. 1416 f'.h.
PROPOSALS.
tlT"sr ENGINEER'S office, room 90. Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., June 7. 1399. — !
Sealed "proposals for furnishing and Install-
ing electric lighting plants at Fort Point.
Cal.. will be received here until 12 m., July
7 1899. and then opened. Information fur-
nished on application. CHAS. E. L. B. DA-
VIS. Major Engineers. ____""
SEWING MACHINES.
$: MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine tupplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bougn*. sold, exchanged, rented: re-
call ins at lowest rates 205 Fourth it. ■' ••?.:
IiIARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows: j
David Holden and Lena Morris. 33-49
B. E. Meredith and Eliza V. .Tewett 23-2.1 ;
John Carey and Mary L. Dominic! 34-34
George Spanning and Lamence Cervlereo.. 29-18
Edward A. Merritt and D'na Kosmlnskl 29-27
Frederick W. Richardson and Dell Roberts.27-21 '
George A. Bailey and Edith Root 39-29
Darius A. Mabley and Mabel F. Barrows.. 44-30
Peter Foley and Josie Moore 52-35
Laurids P. Eriksen and Eliza P. Godecka..23-22
David A. Marsan and Ruth E. Bourns 29-2y
Richard T. Bourns and Virginia E. Rice. .27-27
, S. G. McDonald and Annie P. Derosier.... 23-22
BIRTHS— MARRIA.ES— DEATH-.
BORN.
CHAPMAN— In this city, June 2!, 1899. to the
wife of C. E. ('barman, a son.
GLENDENNING— In this city, July 5, 159.. to
the wife 'of H. H. Glendennlng. a son.
POPE— In this city. June 9, 1899. to the wife
of C. J. A. Pope, a daughter. .
RUCKER— In this city, June 29, 1899. to the
wife of John R. Rucker. a son.
—
yyz MARRIED.
HORSTMEYER— GARMS— In this olty, July I,
1539. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Frederick
Horstmeyer and Sophie Garms.
MacDONALD-DESROSIER— In this city, Julr
5. 1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D..
Simon MacOregor Mac Donald and Annie P.
Desrosier, both of San Francisco.
MARSAN— BOURNS and BOURNS— In
this city. July 5. 1899, at Lebanon Presby-
terian church, by the Rev. R. W. Reynolds,
Dr. David A. Marsan and Ruth E. Bourns of
Point Arena, and R. Thomas Bourns of Point
Arena and V. Est. lie Rice of Fort Bragg,
Cal. ;--:
SLAYTON— CHEVIGNY— In this city. June 29,
JS99. by the Rev. Hermann Gehroke, Samuel
Slayton and Bertha Chevigny.
KARSTADT— SEQUEIRA— In this city, July 3,
1899, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, George
E. Knrstadt and Rhoda Sequelra, both of San
Francisco.
________
DIED.
Cleary, William J. Nau. P. H. Frederick
Cook. James O. O'Connor. Thomas
Dee. Celia Romoser, Mary E.
Engle. Charles E. Rourke, John
Fitzpatrick. Hugh Schllchtmann, Claus
Flaherty. Elizabeth Si hultz, Julius
. Haase, Auguste Simas, George
Houlton. Mary A. Snook, Minnie M.
Kelly, Mary A. Tierney, James
Kiszler. Henry Waters. George G.
Mayers, Matilda
CLEARY— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the anniversary
high mass to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock
sharp, for the repose of the sou] of the late
-William J. Cleary, at All Hallows' Church.
N street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth
avenues south.
COOK— At Veterans' Hospital, Napa County,
Cal., July 4, 1899, James 0 . better known as
Frank Cook, beloved husband of Lucy N.
Cook, a native of Michigan, aged 62 years.
DEE— In this city, July 7. 1899, Celia, beloved
Wife -7 the late Thomas Dee, and sister of
Mrs. Andrew Kirwin. a native of County
Wlcklow, Ireland, aged 51 years.
SINGLE- In this city. July 5. 1899. Charles El-
mer, youngest and beloved son of Volney and
the late M.i) K. Engie, and brother of
Frank T. Lottie A. and Mary E. Exude, a
native of San Francisco, aged -1 years 8
months and 23 days.
E_s** Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morroW
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 513 Fulton street, between Octavla and
Laguna. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, July  1899, at
his residence, 1013 Alabama street, Hugh, be-
loved husband of Lizzie Fitzpatrick, father
of James. Hugh, John, Frank and George
Fitzpatrick and Mrs. P. McDonald, and
brother of Mrs. Ann Thomas and Mrs. Mary
Foss. a native of County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 58 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FLAHERTY- In San Rafael, July 5. 1839.
Elizabeth Hyde Flaherty, beloved mother of
Mrs. John F. Boden, Josephine, Phillip.
Thomas and John and Mrs. F. R. Bryant, a
native of Queenstown, Ireland, aged 55 years.
C_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),, at 1' o'clock, from St. Raphael's
Church.
HAASE— In this city, July 3. 187., Auguste, be-
loved wife of Christian F. M. Haase.. and
mother of Christina and Joseph Malta Haase,
a native of Lauenburg, Prussia, Germany,
as-",! 50 years 6 months and 27 days. (New
York, Brooklyn and Louisville. Ky., papers
please copy.)
H_?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 212S Stockton street. Officers and
members of Justice Circle No. 104. C. of F..
and Norddeutscher Frauen Verein. are re-
quested to attend. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
C. O. Officers and members of Justice Cir-
cle No. 104, C. O. F. : You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our deceased com-
panion, Mrs. Haase, from her late resi-
dence. By order
MRS. FERNANDEZ. C. C.
MRS. LOPEZ. Fin. Sec.
HOULTON— In this city. July 5, 1539, Man-
Ann Houlton. a native of Maine, aged 79
years and 7 months.
C.s* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
188 Albion avenue.
KELLY— In this city, July 4, 1899, Mary Ann,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Kelly, and
mother of Mrs. T. B. O'Neill and J. W. and
the " late John Kelly, a native of County
Meath, Ireland, aged 7." years. (Amador
County and Stockton. Cal., papers please
copy. >
C.-"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at. 9:3n o'clock, from her late
residence, 2422 Bryant street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Peter's Church. Alabama and Twenty-
fuurth streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KISZLER— In this city. July 6. 1899, Henry
Kiszler. beloved father of Mrs. C. Ludin and
Annie Kiszler, and grandfather of Annie and
Harry Ludin, a native of Darmstadt.
Germany, aged 77) years 7, months and IS days.
MAYERS— this city. July 4, 1899, Matilda-
beloved wife of the late Robert Mayers, and
mother of Alfred and Robert Mayers, Mrs.
i: R. Wicker- _ and Mrs. Charles Schmidt.
a native of Stourbridge, England, aged 72
years and 6 months.
\r~T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, _07'» Ix>rhbard street. Interment lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
NAT*— ln Sausalito, July 3, 1899, P. H. Fred-
erick Nau. beloved husband of the late Mary
A Nau and father of John 8.. Sidney J. and
Ada Nau and Mrs. George F. Folsom and
Mrs. James Guthrie, a native of I.ubeck.
Germany, aged 82 years 1 month and 27 days.
__TFr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1507 Montgomery . street, thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In Alameda. July 4, is<*9. Thomas,
beloved husband of Elizabeth L. O'Connor.
.-1 native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
E_**"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at V o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1001 Grand street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tne repose of his soul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
ROMOSER— In this city, July 4, 1899, Mary E.,
beloved wife of Henry Romoser, and sister
of Ellen Cotter of Boston, Mass., and James
Casey of New York City, a native of County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 47 years.
E_y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite, to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:38 o'clock, from her late
reside*! 2423V_ Harrison street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-flrst. thence to St.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross' Cemetery.
ROI'RKE— In this city, July 3. IS9-. John
Bourke. dearly beloved Eon of the late John
and Bridget Rourke and brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Danlelson. Mrs. William Casey and Cor-
nelius, Michael and Simon Rourke. a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years 11 months and
23 days. (Butte and Anaconda, Mont., papers
please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock from the residence
of his brother-in-law, William Danlelson, 60
Colton street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
corner Howard and Tenth streets, for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
in.IOHTMAN'N— the German Hospital.
| July 5, 1899, i'l_us. beloved husband of Anna
i-chlichtmann. and father of Claus, William
and August Schllchtmann. Mrs. John Bruhns,
Mrs. John Krohn and the late Mrs. F. Gen-
zen, a native of Germany, aged 68 years.
C_rßemalns at the parlors of Theo. Dlerks,
9-57 Mission street. Remains will be shipped
to Tracy, Cal., to-morrow (Friday), at 8
o'clock a. m., for interment.
ti;'LTZc-In this city. July 6. 1899, Julius
Schultz. a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22S McAllister street,
under the auspices of the Tailors' Union. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SIMAS— In this city. July 5. 1599. George, be-
loved son of Henry and Annie Simas, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 11
SNOOK—In this city, July 5. 1899. Minnie M..
beloved wife of the late Mr. H. E. Snook,
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs (.; W. Keeler,
a native of Michigan, aged o2 years and 11
months. _ ;
TIERNEY— In this city, July 4. 1899, James
Tierney. a native of Country' Leltrim, Ire-
land, aged 78 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
WATERS— In Berkeley. July 4. 1599. George
Gilbert Waters, father of W. C. and R. J.
Waters a native of New Brunswick. Cana-
da aged 77 years 2 months and 4 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fulTv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence corner Louisa and Berryman streets,
Berkeley. Interment at Monterey July 7.
«T DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above associa-
tion and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated in
st Dominic's Church, Bush and Stelner
streets, this day (Thursday), et 9 o'clock.
ends are invited to attend.
hhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERA
80 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School*
Telephone South So.
1112
MANNING'S VICTIM
NOT EXPECTED TO LIVE
[Lamp-Thrower Has No Excuse
1 or Explanation to Offer.
art ra RS. KENNEDY, the unhap
7/\J/\t P>" victim of Cornelius Man-
II ) I \ n!n e. the lamp thrower, is
Jl Jft_ U^not expected to live. She ie
horribly burned from the
crown of her head to her waist and
besides suffers intense agony from the
flames she inhaled.
Yesterday she was removed from the
Harbor Receiving Hospital to her
home at 730 Hayes street, where hrr
husband and friends are doing every
thing medical skill can suggest to
alleviate the sufferings of the unfor
tunate woman.
In the bed beside Mrs. Kennedy lies
her little 5-year-old niece. Maud Ken
nedy, her frail little limbs blistered
from knee to toe. Maud has been the
wonder and admiration of the attend
ing physicians. When she was brought
on Tuesday evening with her aunt
to the Harbor Hospital Bhe astonished
every one present with her wonderful
nerve, unselfishness and bravery.
While Mrs. Kennedy lay on the oper
ating table, having her awful wounds
dressed, little Maud sat quietly by,
never a cry, nor shedding a tear. To
the attending physician who offered
to assist her first she replied in lisping
tones, "Tend to aunty; I can wait.".
Cornelius Manning, the would-be
matricide, was arrested on Jones
street at 3 o'clock yesterday morning
by Sergeant Anderson and Officer At
tridge. He Is a chunky, sturdy man of
24 years, whose trembling hands.
CONFINED IN
JAIL BUT WAS
NOT CHARGED
Siberian Procedure of
the Police.
MRS. ROSS IN THR TANKS
— —
HELD FOR THIRTY-SIX HOURS
ON SUSPICION.
— +—
When Threats Were Made of Habeas
Corpus Proceedings She Was
Charged With a Petty
Offense.

The arrest of Mn. Annie Ross at 9 !
o'clock Tuesday morning and her sudden
release yesterday afternoon, after thirty- j
six hours' confinement ln the illegal j
"tanks" of the City Prison, was the sub
ject of considerable comment in and about
the Hall yesterday afternoon, and may j
result in a searching investigation into
certain Siberian methods of the police.
Mrs. Ross was arrested in her room at ;
310 Mason street early Tuesday morning i
by Detectives Crockett and Wren. The
officers had no warrant, but simply
showed their badges of authority and i
took the woman Into custody, explaining
that they expected to connect her with
several petty offenses, and she would be
detained until sufficient evidence could be j
gathered to make a "direct charge. The j
woman's husband at once secured the ser
vices of Attorney George W. Montelt i,
Instructing him to secure her release a* j
soon aspossible. Mr. Montelth went to i
the City Prison yesterday morning and
demanded permission to see his client. He i
was at first refused, but a permit was j
finally granted, with the proviso that a
detective be present during the Interview. I
As soon as Mr. Montelth learned that
no charge ha.', been placed against his
client he demanded her release or that a
charge should be placed against her. The
police refused to take action either way,
and the attorney at once took the in
itiatory steps toward securing a writ of
habeas corpus. Before the writ could is
sue a charge of lining goods by false
pretenses was booked against the woman,
and she was released on bail a few hours
later. NSsre/ ■'
In explanation of this charge Mrs. Ross
said: "I fully understand this charge and
can easily prove my Innocence of it. 1
worked for a family named Ash, on Post
street. When the time came for me to
collect my wages Mrs. Ash said she had
no money, and gave me permission to
take out what was due me in groceries.
I went to Levin Bros.' store, on Post
itreet, and ordered about a dollar's worth,
which were delivered at my room. When
the bill came for these goods to Mrs. Ash
=he refused to pay for them, stating that
[ had never had permission to order them
on her account. SENS
"The police really detained me in their
sweat box at the hall to try and connect
me with a robbery which occurred at 417
Mason street. A sealskin coat and a par
cel of bonds and mortgages are alleged to
.«.ve been taken from the room of a man
swollen face and blood-shot eyes show
the evidence of continual dissipation
and debauchery. A natty suit, "sum
mer girl" shirt, pale colored tie and
pearl gray Fedora hat helped make
an Incongruous picture of the whisky
shaking wretch, who had no explana
tion to make or excuse to offer and re
ferred all questions to his attorney,
J. N. E. Wilson.
At the Manning home on Jones
street, near Greenwich,, misfortune
had again been a visitor and the resi
dence was gutted with water and filled
with smoke, the result of a Are that
originated at noon yesterday in a flat
next dcor.
Mrs. Manning, prostrated over her
twofold trouble, denied herself to vis
itors, while the daughter explained for
the mother that the lamp whose oil
fed the flames that blistered Mrs. Ken
nedy was not Intended for her mother
but for Mr. Kennedy.
"Drink did it," said Miss Manning,
"but Con loved my mother and did not
want to injure her. He was quarrel
ing: with Kennedy and threw the lamp
at him."
Paul Kennedy, the husband of the
injured woman, declares that the burn
ing lamp which struck his wife was
not aimed at him, but at Manning's
mother. "My wife, my little niece, two
little nephews and myself," said Ken
nedy, "had been spending the day with
-Mrs. Manning and were getting ready
to go when Con Manning came in. A
i named Russell at that place. I was ac
cused at the time of having taken them,
but no evidence was found against me;
as a matter of fact, I have ample proof
that I was In the Orpheum with my hus
band when the robbery took place. I
am confident that nothing would ever had
been said regarding the groceries had it
not beer; for the fact that such strong
efforts wen made to secure my release.
If that is what 1 was arrested for. why
did not they charge, me with it at once
and give my husband an opportunity to
secure my release on ball? The groceries
were found In my room, and they oould
easily have taken them for evidence."
Mr. Ross, the woman's husband, is in
! dignant over the manner in which his
: wife was dragged from bed to the prison
by detectives without a warrant, and
also the rough and careless way _n which
they searched the premises for evidence.
Attorney Monteith says that as soon as
the case against Mrs. Ross Is disposed of
he Intends starting a vigorous crusade
against the detinue system.
"This so-called 'small' or detinue book,"
he said, "is a high-handed outrage. It
would shame a Russian to be connected
with such a nefarious scheme. The po
lice and the detectives have absolutely no
'his so-called •small' or detinue book,"
said, "is a high-handed outrage. It
ild shame a Russian to be connected
i such a nefarious scheme. The po
:j r : 1 1 the detectives hnve absolutely no
right to arrest any person except in two
cases— where they catch them commit
ting an unlawful act, or in close proxim
ity to one, when they may arrest them
without warrant, and In cases where they
are in possession of a warrant- of arrest.
If a detective came to my house to arrest
a member of my family without a warrant
I would exercise my right of defense and
would kill him If necessary to prevent
him from doing it. It is in nowise resist
ing an officer when he is undertaking to
act without legal authority. He stands
in no letter position than any private In
dividual and an arrest without authority
of law ma;* be resisted to the death if
necessary. The cowardly police, how
ever, generally use some Judgment and
discretion with reference to the people
whom they Impose upon in this manner.
"1 think the tanks at the City Prison
are a fit subject for Investigation by the
Grand Jury. There may be men in. there
m they impose upon in this manner,
think the tanks at the City Prison
a tit subject for investigation by the
nd Jury. There may be men in there
to-day who have been held for years on
'suspicion' or through some other motive."
At about 6 o'clock last night Mr. Rus
sell.* from whose room the sealskin coat
and other articles were taken, visited
Monteith's office and proposed that they
"fix" the case between them. Mr. Mon
ti ith indignantly spurned the proposal
and Russell left, threatening to see Ross'
employers.
The famous old JESSE MOORE "WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
WAS IT ACCIDENTALP
The Shooting of Lizzie Desmond, Who
Has a Record, Might Have
Been Intentional.
Lizzie Desmond, the girl who was shot
on Sansome street on Tuesday night, is ',
In a critical condition at the Receiving i
Hospital. The girl sticks to the story that
the bullet was fired by some one unknown \
to her while she was walking with her
brother and sister, but the police think
thai she knows who did it.
The girl was prominently connected with
the unsavory scandal about three years
ago when Philip Ratz. a dishwasher, was
sent to San Quentin for twenty years and j
Captain Lane and L. Myers were acquit
ted after several trials. Her sister Han- I
nab was also mixed up in the affair and
was sent" to the Magdalen Asylum. Liz
zie was sent to the Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society and was recently discharged.
■ ♦ .
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks. |
Credit. M. Rothschild. 224 Post st.
■ *» ■ - —
A Popular Agent's Return.
Fred T. Berry has resigned his position
with the Southern Pacific at Truckee to
take the position of passenger agent for
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany in this city.
Several years ago Mr. Berry held a like
position here for the Santa Fe. and during
that time he made a host of friends for
himself, who will be more than glad to
welcome his return to their midst.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY , 6, 1899.
few moment- later John Talton. a
neighbor, came to call upon Mrs. Man
ning and in the course of conversation
remarked about a certain young man
who lived near by and let his mother
support him. Con took the story as a
personal allusion and began to abuse
Talton. whereupon Talton remarked
It was evident his company was not
desired and left the house.
"After Talton. went Mrs. Manning
chided Con for his abuse of his friend
and Con became very offensive in his
remarks to his mother and threatened
to do her up. I strove to calm him,
and catching him by both arms pinned
him down to the sofa. He begged for
me to release him and promised to be
quiet. I let him go and he passed Into
the next room, where two lighted
lamps were on the table. First \he
grabbed the smaller lamp and let it
drop on the floor. He then seized the
larger lamp, and aiming at his mother
flung it. My wife, who saw what he
was doing, rushed In front of Mrs.
Manning to save her and received the
burning lamp right in the face. I
rushed to her rescue and in attempt
ing to smother the flames had both my
hands burned. Little Maud was in the
room and the flames that started up
from the first lamp gave her her in
juries."
No charge has yet been placed
against Manning and he will not be
booked for several days pending the
result of Mrs. Kennedy's injuries.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
IS AGAIN IN TOWN
WILL OPEN AT THE CALIFOR-
NIA NEXT WEEK.
Blanche Bates and the Rest of the
Company Winning New Laurels
in the East.
T. Daniel Frawley arrived on the be
lated overland train last night direct from
Milwaukee, where the Frawley Company
is playing a very successful engagement.
Mr. Frawley was accompanied by Miss
Manola Mould, a daughter of Marion
Manola, who joins the company ln this
city as ah ingenue.
The Frawley Company will open at the
California a week from to-night for an en
gagement for five and a half week.,
in "The Last Word," "which will run
through the week. The following week
Mr. Frawley intends to put on a split bill,
opening with "A Dancing Girl." "London
Assurance," in which Miss Blanche Bates
will appear in the costume of the girl of
the period, the hoopsklrt period, will close
the week. "Madame Sans Gene," with
Miss Bates in the title role and Augustus
Cook, the original "Napoleon," in the
cast, will also be produced with entirely
new • costumes. Miss Bates rehearsed
"Madam Sans Gene" with the late Angus
tin Daly, and she plays the part with the
art and force which have characterized
all her work in the past, and which have
given her a deserved fame in the theatri
cal profession.
The public will probably also have an
opportunity to see "An Enemy to the
King," and possibly one or two other'
plays. Much will depend, however, on the
result of a conference between Mr. Fraw
ley and Manager S. H. Friedlander of tho
California. - • •- ;
The other members of the company will
arrive next Thursday. With it are such
old favorites as Charles W. King, who
was a member of the original Frawley
Company; Miss Mary Van Buren, who, in
addition to her ability as an actress, is
a noted stage beauty; Mrs. F. M. Bates,
an old California actress and the mother
of Blanche; J. R. Amory, the comedian,
and others. ••:..:
Mr. Frawley is a believer In omens to a
certain extent, and unlike most people,
he considers thirteen to be a lucky num
ber. His contract with Mr. Friedlander,
which was signed on May 13, was for
a thirteen weeks' engagement, to begin I
on the 13th of the present month, and
there are thirteen men' and women in his '
company.
COLOR LINE NOT DRAWN.
STOCKTON. July The official board
of the First Christian Church has taken
no further action on the proposal of some
I of Its number to force the negro members
;to occupy certain pews only. Trustee
Miller declares he never had any desire
! to force the negroes out of the church,
! and that no harsh measures calculated to
; wound. the oversensitive feelings of Mrs.
; Hall were proposed. Pastor Boyer feels
I that the matter has been given undue
| prominence and that the colored sisters
| probably misinterpreted Mr. Miller's po
i sition. The pastor casually referred to
i the trouble at a recent gathering at the
church, and both Mrs. Hall and her
daughter insisted on making lengthy
speeches, in which they denied that they
had started the stories. It Is noticeable
that since publicity was given to the mat
ter the colored sisters make themselves
very conspicuous in the audience.
Automobile to Displace Omnibus.
MARYSVILLE, July The manager
of one of the local hotels Is seriously con
! sidering the advisability of substituting
j an automobile for the omnibus that piles
between the depot and his hostelry.
Bag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp A Street, tamal. Grotto; nightly. *
DODGE ANSWERS
THE CRITICS OF
HIS ASSESSMENT
He Insists That He
Has Been Just.
—a . ~~
EQUALIZATION OF TAX VALUES
. . — — —
REDUCTIONS MADE TO SMALL
HOLDINGS.
.
The Assessor Explains the Increase
He Has Made in the Valuations
of City and County Real
Estate.
Assessor Dodge takes exceptions to the
statement that while he has made cor
porate and capitalistic classes pay more
than they have hitherto done and has
made them bear proportionately their*
share of municipal taxes he has not re
duced the assessed valuation of the prop
erty of small real estate holders. Dr.
Dodge declares, on the contrary, that he
has reduced the assessed valuation of this
class of property fully $3,000,000, and that
the reduction in the Richmond district
alone will amount to over a million dol
lars, notwithstanding the views of certain
Supervisors as expressed in The Call yes
terday morning. Assessor Dodge accuses
his critics of unfairness in their analysis
of his figures and he intimates that the
methods adopted to discredit his efforts to
lighten the burden of the people will not
stand the light of investigation. Politics,
he declares, is at the bottom of the at
tack and he expresses confidence that the
taxpayers will back him up in the po
sition he has taken. The following state
ment in reference to the matter was yes
terday dictated by Dr. Dodge to a Call
reporter:
"Some misapprehension has been caused
by the announcement in one of the morn
ing dailies that the Assessor had not re
duced the assessment of the small prop
erty owners and this has been used as
the basis of criticism. An investigation
of the facts shows that the writer of the
article referred to was misinformed.
"Assessor Dodge states that the an
nouncement made a week ago and pub
lished in The Call was absolutely correct,
namely, that the assessed value of all real
estate, covering an area of three-fourths
of the city and county, has been reduced
10 to 20 per cent from last year's assess
ment, making an aggregate reduction of
$3,000,000 on real estate alone. The fact
that the real estate roll of this year ir.
over $2,000,000 greater than last year has
led to the inference that the value of the
land had been increased to the amount
of $2,000,000. This is also erroneous. The
fact is that the term real estate embraces
valuations both of land and improvements
ami the increase of $2,000,000 this year over
last year In real estate assessments is
made up entirely of the increase in im
provements, mainly new buildings. As an
actual fact the real estate is $500,000 less
than last year, the $3,000,000 decrease in
the valuation of outside lands being al
most entirely offset by the Increased as
sessment of land in the business sections,
this often being covered by mortgages
and in many instances assessed for less
than the face value of the mortgage. In
these cases the assessed value was raised,
where land was worth it, to the amount
of the mortgage. This throws the tax on
the bank that holds the mortgage and
which lias received taxes ob the face of
the mortgage through the increased rate
of Interest demanded on the mortgage
owing to the fact that the banks know
that they must pay the tax.
"In this manner nearly $3,000,000 reduc
tion in the value of small real estate hold
ings has been effected by increase in other
directions."
NIGHTMARE OF JOSEPH GUMMING
He Will Have Charge of the Tagalos at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
SECRETARY JOE CUMMING of the Mechanics' Institute spent his holi
days out of town, but he was not thinking of merriment or the pleasures
of an outing; he was mentally grappling with the problem of the Fili
pinos and what they are to eat when they come to build a Filipino vil
lage in the Pavilion annex for the coming fair. What to eat, that's the
question that has to be settled, and a stalwart chicken broods over Mr. Cum
ming's dreams, giving him no rest. The Filipinos' bill of fare must be ar
ranged for before the families from Luzon arrive, and as they have already '
started they are expected here the last of this month. Mr. Cummlng's un
easiness had an Innocent beginning. He was reading over the 131-word dis- |
patch from Manila announcing the success of Agent Thomas' mission.
"Clark." he said, suddenly, "what do these Filipinos eat?"
"Oh, chickens and rice," was the reply. Now. Carlton H. Clark was the
California Commissioner to the Guatemala Exposition, and knows the habits
of natives in tropical countries. So Cumming gasped.".'■*•*'
"How many chickens?" he asked.' .*"•■•: ■_ i. v
"One a meal for each person and as many meals a day as they can get,
Clark answered. v; >*■_•"'%'.■"•■• ___._. _* ».«.-.'
Frank H. Lombard, who was the purser of the Scandia on her first trip to
Manila happened in, and as he is presumably an authority on the Filipino
diet his Ideas on the subject were asked.
"Chickens and rice. That's all they can get in that miserable country,"
said Lombard. , 
"All!" exclaimed Cumming. "All! With chickens a dollar apiece what
more do they want?" __»_.*. ,
"Sixty-live Filipinos, one chicken each at every meal and three meals a day
for sixty-eight days," he figured, "would make 15,600 chickens. Say I could
get them at $1 25 a pair, that Would make $9750, and it would be $12,000 with the
rice. It's terrible to think of." .
So Secretary Cumming tosses around in his bed at night and dreams
dreadful visions of abnormal chickens devouring the Mechanics' Pavilion.
He has only one hope, and that is a. faint one.- He asked the captain of a
whaling ship who never has been to the Philippines what to feed the Fili
pinos on. and the captain said:
"If they're anything like the Eskimo, give the pigs salt pork.'
Secretary Cumming has received a dispatch from Mr. Thomas announcing
that the transport Leelanaw, which sailed for San Francisco from Manila last
Monday, took sixty-five Filipinos, with a lot of curios, for the Mechanics'
Fair. There are nine musicians with the native musical instruments among
the crowd.
Hales. | Hales. . | Hales.
Thursday, July 6, 1899.
+ : : i ' ' "I,
_\L _f~ > ___. _^_ __J Beimel Linen Mesh Is.
••ff jrC^O_|_r___ denvear--alto.» the skin to
■"-*■*' "V—*^ "W^-P- breathr, keeps the pores open, ab-
.■.*■-.. sorbs perspiration and makes the
AT ~ _ - *__^* k/J _-—m 9 9 s kin tough against draughts. It
*%_ M C,_ jC 1 **__i--*f-* g__-E saves colds— doctor's bills.
"" : . ♦ ►
3s___^4C___. 11 1 .Tl jf"y Good goods selling is the only successful method of solid merchandising,
■* *y^—~' 4. __. __. * -ft jE___p **** Thinking people, folks who are economizing wisely, the ready-money public,
demand good goods, and the duty of a storekeeper is only limited by the demands of the public. Hale's
sell good goods. Geod goods have made Hale's stores famous. Whole fami ies trad, at Hales. Friends of
customers are sent to Hales. Hale's was the store your mother liked and it's a store for you to think about^
Curtains for cottages. Reductions big in millinery.
White Curtain Swiss— l2o pieces in 2000 Yards Straw Braid— ln black,
all sized dots and figures, just the j white, cyrano, bluett, purple and green,
proper think for sash curtains in sum- j Perhaps you are making a hat or are
mer cottages. A big assortment to going to make one. Here is a chance,
choose from and a little price to inter- oc a yard,
est you. Soft Curled Quills— ln natural, black,
36 ln lOc a yard ; white, red, green and navy. The end
40 in 1- l-2c of a lot that sold /or 5c to 10c each; the
45 in ISc wind-up price to-day, lc each.
-,_-.. ___ „,„ „_ 600 Ornaments— kinds in the lot,
Fish Net For Curtains— The new as- j et , rhinestone. gold or steel. Some
sortment just arrived, ecru and white, that W ere 25c now sc; som« that were
for sash and full length curtains, some . 50c now 1 Oc. *
pretty designs In new effects. Trimmed Hats-You wouldn't believe
36 in a^-l the reductions could be true if we told
42 in loc you of them. Pattern hats that were
44 in 5U C admired by the swellest dressers ln
BO in **oC g an Francisco at the beginning of this
;•_■>; . _ ... , ■,„.„',,. season are now being sold at prices far
White Curtain Lappett— A dainty lit- below the original cost. $•>_ hats for
tie fabric for summer cottage curtains, ! N £,«$ or $4 We can - t afford to carry
5 patterns to choose from, 36 in. them over,
wide. You will surely find some- v
thing In the lot to please you, and it ! "^ ftm ¥ n fifpnc foP C__ mr__**-n«_
will be different from other folks', lOc VOITI 10. LCI !_» I-U-I tcllll|KKS.
a yard. - Full Sized Comforters— Made of fig-
_.__,_ ■'"_,.' ,'. , ured silkoline on both sides, wool knot-
Colored Dotted Swiss— ln red, blue, . ted filled with pure wnite co tton, 70x76
green and corn-colored dots, neat as inches, a good big fluffy comforter,
wax. yard wide and selling at Hales Italian Silk Robe Blankets-54x70
T* _•>__•_. _ vnrri Italian Silk Robe Blankets— 54x70
at J.- J.-^c a yara. inches. A fine camping blanket in
Ecru Lace Curtains— l2o pair of Ecru ' fancy colored stripes. You will need
Lace Curtains, 3 yards long by 36 j one on your outing trip. Here is a
inches wide, in fish net and floral ef- chance for a bargain, $__ each,
fects, to be sold out, beginning to-day, Gray Cotton Blankets— Suitable for
at 50c a pair. camping and a dozen other purposes.
Some housewives use cotton blankets
_,__ £, 1^ « of light weight for bed sheets and
Wrappers lOr everybody. ironing boards; 55x72 inches, 55c a
Calico Wrappers-120 to be on the pair; 66x72 inches 75c a pair; 59x72
tables to-day medium and light inches, $1 a pair; 72x81 inches, $1.25
shades, well made with ruffle and a P alr *
braid trimming, neat as wax, good for JVl_aH_» __¥ I_*J__-h_*-r»
summer wear, 75c each. IViaoe Ol IC eII II CI .
Alligator Pocketbooks— neat llt-
Percale Wrappers— Over 100 ln as- tie pocketbook for ladles, Japanned
sorted colors, prettily trimmed with frame, leather lined. In the leather
braid with wide, deep flounce. A neat goods section, 25c each,
little wrapper in a good assortment of • Ladles* Combination Pocketbooks—
colors. Good to wear around the house With card case combined, metal cor-
these summer days. If the 75c one nerS( hard to te il from aJ2or $3 pock-
don't suit look at these for $l.__o etbook, 25c each.
each ' Alligator Coin Purse— outside
_. , , . card cisc and handkerchief pocket.
Klmonas — The popular dressing ThJ _ Js made from &enuine alligator,
sacque of the day. Easy to slip on; V , d not belie ve it at the price,
neat as can be; blue and white, pink s<>c * / .
and white or lavender and white. * A v..... aualitv T__#»
About 120 will be put on the tables to- A De "er <]ua.nw 7DC
day at 98c each. Ladies' Shopping Bags, 25c. ..
JS. - — — : *
A Snap in Kid Gloves— Can you use a 4 or . button suede or a 12 to 20 button
opera length? The suede sold at $1 75 and $2 00 a pair, the opera from $1 oO to $3 00.
They come in sizes s>_ to 6**4. We have on band nearly 500 pairs to be put U«rj
on sale tables to-day. Your choice from anything in the lot a pair **--
*¥• ; 1 *_
3-Day Specials I
MAKE MOST EXACTING TESTS OF
PRICES. QUALITT AND ATTENTION
ELSEWHERE. THEN MAKE US A
VISIT AND WE WILL MAKE YOU
OUR STEADY CUSTOMER.
Creamery Butter, square .....85e
Regular price, 40c.
Tomato Catsup, pint bot 15e
Ideal brand— best and purest.
Regular price, lOc.
Whisky, bot. 75e, 8 bot $2.00
Gallon 93.00
E. C. Berry Bourbon,
Spring '90.
Purity guaranteed.
Regular price, $1 00 and $4 00. ' ■ ■
Port and Sherry 35c, 3 bots..sl.oo
Gallon 91.25
Choice old native wines.
Regular price, 50c and $2 00.
New Orleans Molasses, gal 75e
Latest crop; exquisite flavor.
Regular price, $1 00.
Mortadella, tin 15e, 2 for 25e
Fine imported sausage.
Regular price, 20c a tin.
Mail md Telephone Orders Given Prompt Attention.
CATALOGUE FREE.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 6522. Telephone West IM.
NOPAIN/^vNOPAIM
UNTu\~/30
AUG.I,99\/DAYSONLY
20 per cent discount on all Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER AND STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crow os $3.50. Plates $5. Filling 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 SIXTH ST., COR. STEVENSON.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great J i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY);
A Cft 10aiU2BTST._t..6__*7t_,_.r.C_:. i j
_' Cff The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _ i
A ■31 - World. Weaknesses or any contracted A I
__ eSE2SW disease positively CMradhy the oldest T !
9 fS Sll "specialist on the Coast. Est. 3- years. 9
A g*_*\ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
_ V -_R_^B Consultation free and strictly private \
A M flf9k¥B Treatment personally or by letter. ' A A
W _ or X. H Positive Cur* in every case undertaken, i T
MP If lift Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of J
¥' I I™ BinRIAGE, MAILED FREE, f A "j
A A JL' valuable book for men) i
¥ DR JOBD.4Ji4I'O„ 1051 Market St., S. F. ¥
OASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-T-MB.
NOT OFTEN
DO TOU GET AN OPPORTUNITY TO
BUT A ROCKER OF THIS QUALITY AT
ANYTHING LIKE THIS PRICE. NOR
WOULD YOU NOW BUT FOR THE
FACT THAT WE WANT TO LET YOU
SEE YOU CAN GET BARGAINS AT
NOONAN' S.
ROCKERS $2.25.
SOLID OAK, HIGH BACK AND ARMS.
CANE SEAT— A SPECIAL fI?Q QC
NEXT WEEK *PJma-**J
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
_.bove Slxtl}.
Phone Sooth 14. . Open Evening..
NOTICE.
__™
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1699.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisor's of the City and County of San
Francisco, City Hall building*, second floor, July
4, 1899.
Public notice Is hereby given, in accordance
with section No. 8654. of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
San Francisco, for the year 1899, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination In this offlce from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m.. and that said Board of Super-
visors met to examine the Assessment Book
and equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 3, 1899, at 2
o'clock, and will thereafter continue ln session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them is disposed of, but not
later than the 17th day of July, 1599.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given, that In accordance
with sections 1897, 1899 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
London Smoke
.Glasses
Eye protectors for the summer season. They
can be had in any style or shape. Including
those with the new clip— never slips, tilts or
wavers. Kodaks and photographic supplies
DEVELOPING AND PRINTING.
Bausch & Lomb-Zelss Stereo Field Glasses.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
Mnyia^dJiMii}
o4_. Market ot. instruments
mom cnonicte AimniMi.
£?Ig|Dtf. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
!____• _3f ' Five hundred reward for an»
m - * m ~m case we cannot cure. This ______
']__•_ —*M remedy stow all losses In M
Mi fill . hours ' c ?r re Emissions. i mpo -
P?H firm ___£_ Varicocele. Q °n°""hoe_:
____■ ___■_* _YeV c L" _ Flts _ Strictures. Lost
{JJBg^JpJ Manhood and all wasting effects
g.- -=. —~S of self-abus. or excesses r»»»
sealed. « bottle: 8 bottles. 16; guaranteed ?_
_____ oaaa. Address HALL'S -£_m<_____l__
BT_TU*B. 886 Broadway. OaWaSi Cdi __£_
for Ml. at 1073H Market St.. S. V. AM DrtV___
_<«__-_. oulckly. cured. Send tor be. IxSk.