VOLUME I.WWi-No. 175.
CRITICS OF AMERICAN
SOLDIERS DENOUNCED
Chaplain McKinnon Excoriates Detractors of
Brigadier General Funston and of Himself.
The Lecturer Bitterly Rebukes the Monitor and Pays an Eloquent
Tribute to the Aimies in the Philippines— The Story
of the Looting of the Church at Caloocan.
A SENSATION was created last i
night at Metropolitan Hall when ;
i the Rev. Father William D. Me- '
// Kinnon Rave his contribution to '
The controversy which is now be- i
l:;g waged over the conduct of American
troops in reference to churches and !
church property In the Philippines.
Father McKlnnon has recently b«n ap- •
ilar army
-
' ' d the
■
Father McKlnnon devoted a very con
ri'lerable part of the evening to a general
discussion of the Philippines, outlining
inn Incidents of their occupation by the
Spaniards, tracing the events that fol
lowed the war with Spain and the Ameri
can seizure of Manila. He entered into
n minute discussion of the resources of
the Inlands and predicted that under a
liberal government the- new possessions
of the United States could be made Im
mensely profitable. Even In the natives
the reverend gentleman saw a great deal
to admire and very little to condemn.
ITaviTig given his hearers a tar but
frricf description of the peorle and oon.M
lions that the American soldiers met in
their campaign of progress, the reverend
*:< % mJeman described many of the battles
In "whirh the First California Regiment
rartldpated. All this proved, however.
lujt introductory to the main theme of the
evening, which was Brigadier General
FunFton and the charges which have been
made against him.
"I read this morning." said Father Mc-
KJnnon. "sorncthln;? that I never knew
Iwfore about the battle of Caloocan. I
T'-ad that Colonel Mctcalf had shot dead
in cold blood m, Filipino prisoner. I know
Colorel Metealf and know him to be a big-
Ix-arted. generous, wholesouled follow. I
raw all the prisoners at Caloocan and I
know that Colonel MetcaJf was not guilt
of the offense charged against him. And
row for the church at Caloocan. We have
l.card a great deal of it. and before you
leave to-night you will hear a great deal
more and learn something of the looting
tir.d desecration that Is laid si the doors
c>t the American soldiers. On October 3,
a year a^o. four months before the Fil
ipino* were in insurrection. I visited the
church at Caloocan and •• was then a
Filipino ban-arks, from which everything
rncred had Im-« n taken. That was long
before the American occupation of the
church on February 7. and I can - ...
no desecration in the act of the American ,
troops in making of the church what it
had been made by the insurgents months
before — a barracks.
"And what I have said I will say again,
that there was the looting and desecration '
cif churches, the dp*;>ollment and robbery
cf their sacred vessels and vestments. I I
will f^adly admit that these precious ar- '
ticles had been carried by American sol
diers from the s<at of war. ! will not
deny this fact, but I emphatically Insist
that the American army is not In tho >
e lightest degn-e responsible for these out- !
rage*. During my twelve months' stay
In the Philippines 1 was with General I
I-awton. with General Wheaton. with
General King, wlih General Smith and
vith General Mac Arthur, and my eyes '
were otKfn and 1 had at heart as dearly
«.* any ••:•■• United States the in
terest* of my church, and 1 say to-night
that I never naw the looting or the dese
cration of a church by un American sol-
CicT.
"And I say la reverend and Irreverent
B«ntlcm«*n, to misguided and foolish edi
tors, that this looting and desecration
vhlch we all deprecate was committed by
insurgents, by Chinese, nnd by them
alone. When the campaign began the
Btrlcteit orders In reference to the*e mat
ter* were tesued by General Anderson.
Tj«.»o orders were read again by Gcnerai
The San Francisco Call
Merritt and published broadcast by Gen
eral Otis.
"When In our march we entered a town
we would meet the Chinese loaded down
with these precious relics and sacred ar
ticles, and when after our entrance our
soldiers took command. I received from
the general in charpe strict orders to pro
tect the churches and all they contained.
CHAPLAIN McKIMNQN EXCORIATES HIS CRITICS.
j I was told that I would be held responsi
ble personally for the churches and wh.it
, belonged to them, and that I could have
| whatever guard I deemed necessary to
assist me In the work. I round that there
was very little to protect, but what there
| was I guarded. I recovered from the Chi
nese depredators scores of sacred articles
which I sent to the Archbishop of Ma
1 nlla, ( *oi: not oth^r American &oldjt-i.s
I have done the same and brought them
j home?
"Throughout the campaign the condi
tion of affairs was as I have represented
it. and If any American soldier looted or
robbed, despoiled or desecrated Philip.
Pine churches. I must have been blind.
If these gentlemen who are so anxious
to uphold the dignity of our church in
stead of Betking to cast opprobrium on i
American soldiers know that they
have but to go to the Presidio and if they
find any church property they have only
to report their discovery and the prop
erty will be confiscated and returned to
the rightful owners. l will speak now i
more particularly of but one man. Briga
dier General Funston.
"I speak of him because he is one who is
not of that class of bigots that hate the
name Catholic and all that it means. I
know him as a brave, generous, high
minded man and I feel grieved that
against one of the bravest, noblest, broad
est generals who fought in the war of the
Philippines such unjust, absurd and ma
lignant charges should be made. It seems
strange to me that the editors of some
of our papers should open their mouths
like ducks to suck in the lying testimony
of soreheads and accept their evidence
against that of four men who, above all
others, have a rig] to speak— Father
Reaney. the chaplain of the Olympia;
Father Hart, Father Fitzgerald and my- ,
self, four priests whose lirst duty is to
their God and whose only obligation is to
tell the truth.
"Rather than accept the testimony of
these priests, these editors swallow the
words of me drunken scrub who was in
the guardhouse more than anywhere else,
who was sober only because be could not
get drunk. When the Reverend Father P.
C. forks was the editor of the San Fran
cisco Monitor that newspaper was a great j
power In our midst. We were proud to
see that Its light of Intelligent criticism I
threw bigots deeper into the darkness of
their own malice; that when religion '
needed a defender it was first to the
front; that when the good name of women
and the honor of men needed a champion
Father Torke and his pen were not found
wanting. We were glad to know that un
der the lashing scorn of Father Yorke and ;
the Monitor the pulpiteers, cheap editors
and scribblers sought their hole; but how
the Monitor has fallen from Its high es
tate.
"Its editor goes out of his way to in
sinuate against the honesty and the sin- '
cerity of Catholic chaplains. He follows
cringing In the wake of political sheets as
Insignificant as his own to brand Catholic
priests as hirelings of the administration—
as paid supporters of Urn Res ublicau car.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1899.
;■'• ! '"»" that ho is mte-
II him that I am not
■ the privilege, of v peaceful pansn
■ g the ties of home and Idndr*
ng myself from people and -
that I love, to undergo the hardshll
anxletk-s. privations, suffering? and per
,h aP Ii a * ullet , ln ordt ' r t} '»' ' »ay become
we Hireling of any »itmi.
no anxiety to go ,„ tht . Philippine., and
I win give my commission to any
: alia.
r of this
not know that the Archbishop of Manila
wrote a letter to the Archbishop of Sun
Franclirr, asking him to have me retained
at Manila and that the Archbishop of San
Francisco granted his request. I suppose
the Monitor. In Its attack on me. reft
my trip East as a Junketing tour. I want
to tt-n the editor of the Monitor thai 1
am no politician: I have nothing to gain
and much t<» lone in returning to my
poßi In Manila, but i am in conscience
bound to tell the truth, it is such papers
a.« the Monitor, these polittcal-reUgioua
papers, that are doing more harm to re
ligion and to truth than th.- American
. by their unjust and lying criti
cism. It is they who are prolonging the
struggle, and I can conceive of n .
American dtisen win. would flinch now
in whi.t h. ■ . . to he hip duty and
trtotlstn, ;md I would be recreant
to my sacred calling wen i to Call in
t»-!ling what 1 know to be th.- truth— that
American soldiers are not guilty of the
outrages which we all moi rely de
plore. And I win t.-li the Monitor that
th.-rf Is not an -'inc.- in th.- gift f tn.->
President of th.- United States nor money
enough In the United States treasury to
induce me to defend any administration
that 1 believe to be wrong.
"Hut I have no time for newspaper con
troversy, and 1 would leave the attack on
me and the other Catholic chaplains to
iple of California to decide. I « an
ye an honest and lust criticism In
reference to the policy of the administra
tion: I can understand that sincere pa
triotic men may differ In thinking the war
iust or unjust, necessary or unneoe
but I can know of no patriotic Anir-nrin
citizen who would attempt to bring de
to the armies of his country under
the conditions those armies are now atrup
gilng In the Philippines. Our soldiers de-
Better, fairer treatment. 1 know
what they are.
-I have been among them in life and
U>. I have seen how bravely they
fought and how calmly they died. I can
see now their pale, emaciated upturned
faces and hear their words of remem
brance to their mothers and wives and
their loved ones. I can hear their last
-. s. begging me to counsel their
loved ones not to mourn, for they gave
Dp th< Ir iiv. s for their country. They de
• support, not criticism.
"As I have said, there may be legltl
Continued on Beoond fut.
NEGRO TROOPS
BUTTLE WITH
THE CITIZENS
Fort Ringgold, Texas, the
Scene of Most Exciting
Encounters
MANY VOLLEYS FIRED
United States Soldiers Declare
They Were Attacked, but Are
Accused of Bombarding
the Town.
: ltd) to T7,.> Oall.
—
LAREDO. Texas. Nov. Reports
' have reached here that there v it
■ a pitched battle last night at Fort
. 1 , Rings. '.. Rio Grande City. Texas.
between a company of the Ninth
i I U. S. Cavalry (colored), garrisoning tho
fort, and 7iW Citizens who attacked the
* ' post shortly after dark. Three thousand
• shots were said to have been fired dur
> Ins the fight, but the casualties are not
, known here. It Is also said that all th*
i women and children have been Bent away
from Rio Grande City and that runners
are out after reinforcements for the citi
zens. The military authorities are occu
pying the telegraph wires and full reports
. cannot be obtained. That the affair Is a
; serious one Is Indicated by the activity in
military circles here.
Major Thompson, in command at Fort
Mclntosh, bought up all the Krag-Jor
gensen ammunition in Laredo to-day, and
is hurriedly loading a special train with
mules, baggage, etc., to take the avail
; able force here to the scene of the trouble
| and a special train Is en route here from
San Antonio with a company from Fort
Sam Houston to Rio Grande City.
AUSTIN. Texas, Nov. 21.— T0-day Gov
ernor Sayres was in receipt of a telegram
from the commanding officer of the
United States troops at San Antonio con
veying the Information that there was a
race riot at Rio Grande City last night
between the Federal troops stationed
there and the cltzens of that town. About
the same time another telegram came
from the County Judge at that place, and
the telegrams are somewhat confusing.
The military commander at San Antonio,
General ItcKibben, telegraphs that the
report he received from the commander
at Fort Rlnggold. near Rio Grande City,
states that all the troops were in the
garrison last night at 7 o'clock, whin
the citizens of that town advanced on the
fort and fired upon the guard. The guard
returned the fire and the entire garrison
was at once called to arms. The citzens
continued their firing u}«in '.he- fort, the
1 soldiers return- ii th« fire "ami Anally had
to bring their Gatllng guns Into play to
disperse the attackers. The commander
states that he fears further trouble and
asks for more troops.
The telegram from the County Judge
states that the negro soldiers In the forts
there deployed in a ravine on the edge of
the town and Ured into the town for about
an hour and a half, shooting into a num
ber of house?, wounding one man, and
frightening th. women and children so
badly that a number of them had fled to
the surrounding ranches for safety; that
the. attack was entirely unprovoked and
that the community was highly incensed
and further trouble was looked lor at
once.
Upon receipt of these telegrams. Gov
ernor Sayres ordered Adjutant General
Scurry to the scene of action and he left
to-night for his destination. The Governor
also telegraphed to Washington to have a
full Investigation of the matter and to re
move the negro troops. The commander
at Ban Antonio sent a special detail of
officers to the scene at once to Investi
gate. All is quiet to-night.
This afternoon Governor Sayres sent the
following telegram to the Secretary of
War at Washington:
Please direct Immediate. Impartial and
searching Investigation into the conduct of
nr»?ro solJiers at Fort Rlnggold. Starr County,
Texas, last nUM. Also issue orders for Imme
diate removal of troops.
Following telegram Just received from the
County Judge of Starr County: "Negro soldiers
at Kort Rianold deployed In a ravine at the
south edKe of town at 7 o'clock last night and
tired about 15C0 times into and over the town.
The fu.-'.11.i.1f tinned at intervals over one
hour and n half, one citizen was wounded
In his house. Houses all over town were jw?r
forated by bullets. Women and children fled
to the woods and ranches. The population Is
terrorized. I fear the people may decide to
avenge themselves for this dastardly act. The
civil authorities would i•■ powerless to run
trol. I understand that l.i. lit.-' ant Rubottom,
commanding, directed this cowardly assault.
No cause for the act. Wire Washington and
San Antonio for searching Investigation and
removal of troops at once."
JOSEPH D. SAYKKS. Governor of Texas.
Governor Bayers received the following
official message from the commanding
general (McKlbben) In charge of Texas
division. U. S. A., from his headquarters
in San Antonio:
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Nov. 21.— Governor
Payers. Austin. Texas — The following dispatch
has Just been received:
"FORT RINGGOI..D. Tex.— Adjutant General.
Department of Texas. San Antonio; Every
man in garrison last night: citizens began fir-
Ing on our guard at 7. Troop D and scouts
placed on guard around garrison. Enemy
opened terrific fire on garrison at 7:30 on side
next to Rio Grande City and continued for some
time. Our men, obliged to protect garrison,
fired several volleys. Finally ordered out Gat
ling gun and silenced enemy's fire. None of
our men hurt. No trouble since, but rumor Is
Of gathering In country- If true, may need
more troops. Cannot treat with citizens, who
will not even respect United States mail car
! rier; unsafe for garrison. Shall 1 send men
after mall? RUBOTTOM. "
Have ordered troops of cavalry from Fort
Broad to proceed by forced marches to Ring
gold. Am taking every precaution to prevent
further trouble. Will keep you advised. Please
wire me any Information you may obtain.
McKIBBEN. Commanding General.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Nov. 21.-Colonel
Reaser, post adjutant at Fort Sam Hous
ton, left this afternoon on a special train
for Laredo with a detachment of the
, Twenty-fifth Infantry to make an inves
tigation of the trouble at Fort Rlnggold
. and to make a full report to General Mr-
Klbben, the department commander. Gen
eral McKlbben has consulted with Gov
ernor Sayera on the subject and has been
asked by the Governor to take whatever
steps In his power to conciliate the citi
zens and the soldiers. Trouble between
the negro soldiers on the frontier posts
and the Mexican population has been
brewing for some time. a collision be
tween the police and negro soldiers 'at
i Laredo a few weeks ago has resulted in
i the abandoning of the post there, A
small-sized riot also occurred at Rio
Grande City last month, in which some
soldiers were phot nnd others were ar
rested and fined. Since then the Mexicans
and soldiers at Rio Grande City have been
at the bitterest enmity. w "
DEATH'S HAND LAID UPON
VICE PRESIDENT HOBART
Weakened by His Long Illness, the Invalid Suc
cumbs to an Attack of Heart
Failure.
My the President of the United States— A Proclamation:
To the People of the United States: Garret Augustus Hobart. Vice President of the United State* died at his
home In Paterson. N. J.. at 6:30 o'clock this morning. In him the nation has lost one of It* most Illustrious citizens and
one of Its most faithful servants. His participation in the business life and the lawmaklng body of his native Stato
was marked by unswerving fidelity and by a high order of talents and attainments; and his too brief career a* Vice Pres
ident of the Lnlted States and President of the Senate exhibited the qualities of upright and sa . aclous statesmanship
In the world of affairs he had few equals in hi* contemporaries. His private character was penile and noble He will
long be mourned by his friends as a man of singular purity and attractiveness, whos* sweetness of disposition won all
hearts while his elevated purposes, his unbending integrity and whole-hearted deTotlon to the public good deserved and
acquired universal respect and esteem. , -r^
In sorrowing; testimony/of the loss which has fallen on the country. I direct that upon the day of the funeral the
executive offices of the Lnlted States shall be closed, and all stations of the army and navy shall display the national
pJT^S^S^^SS^^!S& thC UnUed Slates ln toreign countrieB 6hall Pay *W^at. tribute to
In witness whereof I have set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed
Done at the city of Washington this twenty-flm day of November. In the year of our Lord" eighteen hundred and
ninety-nine, and of the Independence of the United States the one hundred and twenty-fourth.
By the President: JOHN HAY, Secretary of State. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
NEW YORK. Nov. -Garret A.
Hobart, Vice President of the United
States, died at his home In Paterson,
N. J., at 8:30 o'clock this morning.
At his bedside were Mrs. Hobart and his
son. Garret A. Hobart Jr., together with
Dr. William K. Newton and his wife and
Private Secretary Evans.
Mr. Hobart's death had been expected
for some hours. Yesterday afternoon
there was a SUdden failure of the heart,
and from this attack Mr. Hobart never
rallied. He had been sick for a long time
and had suffered frequently from heart
failure, nd hi" r»*n^t h iuul hcen under
mined. Gradually the failure .of the
heart's action became more apparent, and
soon after midnight last night Mr. Hobart
became unconscious. He remained In that
condition until his death.
Mr Hobart's death was due directly to,
angina pectorls, complicating myocarditis.
Owing to the prostration of Mrs. Hobart
the funeral arrangements will not be con
cluded until to-morrow. The only step
decided upon is that the services shall be.
held In the Church of the Redeemer at
Paterson and the interment in the family
plat at Cedar. Lawn, where the only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Hobart was
burled six years ago. Rev. Dr. Magee will
preach the sermon.
The church can accommodate not more
than V" persons and as thousands will be
Widow and Son of the Late Vice President.
, eager to attend the services it is ?uic
ge3ted that they be held in the armory,
which accommodates 10,000 person**. It is
known, however, that Mr?. Ilobart wishes
the funeral to b« as quiet as possible and
there is little likelihood that the pro
grame will be changed.
The Mayor and Aldermen of Paterson
have suggested that the body lie in state
i at the City Hall on Friday or Saturday
morning, and this suggestion probably
will be carried out. . The pallbearers have
been selected, but their names will be
withheld until they have been notified and
have :irrppted I
Nearly all the representatives of foreign
nations In this country have sent m. ■■•
sages of sympathy to Mrs. Hobart. One
of the tlrst to express his sorrow at the
death of the Vice President was President
McKlnley, who had bren notified by tele
! phone by Private Secretary Evans. At
torney General Griggs. who was in Wash
ington, telegraphed that he would return
to Paterson at the earliest possible mo
ment, and he Is expected to take charge
I of all the details of the funeral.
Among others who sent messages of
condolence were Sir Julian Paut.
the British ITinliO.BSS.flnr. Count G. de
I>»ichterveli!e. Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of Relglum;
Count Casslnl. Russian Embaasador:
former Vice President Stevenson, Admiral
PRICE FIVE CKNTS.
Schley. Govern Voorhees of \'<»w Jersey.
Senator Sewall ill New Jersey. Senator
Manna of Ohio. General Russell A. Aluer.
Senator Foraker. Senator Fairbanks. Gen»
eral Castillo, Civil Governor of Santiago.
Assistant Secretary of War Melklejohn.
General H. C. Corbln. General Wesley
Mcrrltt. Governor Wolcott. M. Thlebaut.
*'hartt»' d Affairs of France: General
Sickles. Jurist McKenna and Grand En
campment I. O. O. F. of Indiana. In all
about 500 messages were received by Mra.
Unbar:.
Although many reKarded Mr. barfs
Illness In the early part of last summer
as serious. It wan not until In October
that his family ami friends began to de
spair of his Iff.-. Mr Hobart wit then
Informed of the fatal character of his
malady— dilated ripht heart, due to myo
cardls—and he remarked:
"Well. If it must be that I am to pro, I
may as well bo rcslftned to my fate."
On the morning of October 31 It was
thought that the end had come, but the
patient rallied, and for more than a week
continued to improve and eat solid food
with a relish. Three days ago. however,
his appetite failed and he gradually grew
weaker and weaker. He realized a few
hours before he berame unconscious that
he was near to death, and he said to tho*e
about the bedside:
"I know that my time is nearly up. but
death Is welcome to me."
Mrs. Hobart remained In the r^
the end and after her husband's) death,
until she and h«-r son. who was with her,
taker, away by friends.
The last mange for the worse In the
Vice President's Illness occurred yester
day afternoon, when he was seized by a
weak spell. ' He had battled through sev
eral similar attacks and it was thought
for a time that he would come out of thin
one. He did. but he was very weak, and
It was plain to be seen that he was sink-
Ing. He rallied again, however, and tried
to be cheerful, but toward midnight hl«
condition was beyond hope. Dr. Newton
called Mrs. Hobart, the Vice President •2
lhc H hart kesiderue, Paterson, N. J.
son and Mrs. Newton, and, with the
Dane, they gathered closer to the bed
side of the dying man. Now and mk.h'.ij
the patient rallied and In these moments
apokn to his wife and son. What he said
is k; nun only to ihem.
Shortly before 12 o'clock the Vice i»n>s-
Idetit »a.i ;t^nin siricken wiih an attack
ur.d fullowing thin he lapned into a stale
uf unconvdotifneas, from which he never
tt^ain «'rr»erj;ed.
l»urlj.g t.'i.- eaily hours of th.a morning
Mr. [tobart seemed to suffer, but during
«hnt, appeared t<j be brielu moments Mrs.
Hobart i-i'oke to him. He did not recog
nize her. however, i.or aiiy one else in tne
sickroom.
■
■
i
■
FUNERAL WILL BE
HELD ON SATURDAY
Cabinet, Supreme Court and
Senate to Attend tr)e Ser
vices in a Body
s
■
■
About thirty Senators have rcplie-d to
the telegram 6tn t at the «lire<*tion of rre.<s-
Ident pro t<nt. Ftye inforinins thvm of
their •election at> sumliers of the com
ir.lttee to uttor.d the funeral. Twcmy
four of them have promised t<> bo present.
They aro as follow!*: liailing^r. W. A.
Claik. Pormkcr, Karon, D*>pcw. McLaurln,
Harris. AUimti. Kai: tanks, lianna, Haw-
Icy. J. K. Junes, lirltfeld. Kyle, Hurrows.
\\ etnore, Ltnauy, Wolcwtt. McCutnus. j
6ewali: 'i'illtnan. Mason. Scott ami Ken
ncy. Colonel ltriKht will go to l'atcrson
in a il:iy or two to r«"-:i<1« r any a^SlstaUlCS
i'.o may In the! uncrcla iiroyaratiou^ j-o Car
us the Senate ls« concvrneti.
Cleric McDowell of Ibe H"u«c of nepro-
Beetatlvea arrived this afternoon. As a
result of a consultation with prospective
f;i<;ikcr Ht:idi-rso:i. lie. will make ananue.
ttjcnts for a committee of the House to
attend the funeral. This will Include such
tnt-xnhere as may b<» In the city.
Sercca.M -at-Arms Uripht ha.« t-ngaged a
special train 10 convey the Presideat and
hi* Cabinet and the United States £u
xutme C<:urt to PatorMui. The train will
i » a \ . Washington over the Pennsylvania
Kail road at T o'clock Saturday rnornlns*,
and arrive on the return at 1 ]>. m.
Chief Justice Fuller was not in the city
to-day. at:d In his absence no one could
say whether the court would be able to
attend the funtraJ in a body: but the of
ficials of thai tribunal generally c-xprrsstd
themsclven as very con:ldcnt that it would
do *o.
7U" d»ath of Vic<» Prfsidcnt Hobart nat
urally re rails the death of Vice Presi
dent HcndrU'kK, who cxjilrcil suddenly of
p«ralysis of the heart on November 25.
1^65. At the tiji;e t lie qurstiun of suices
clon tf» the vice Presidency had not liecn
Bcttlo-1 by law. althoueh Senator Hoar's
bill providing for thn Presidential succes
sion thrnuph the Cabinet had born sub
mitted on December i. l^-sJ. and had re
mained unact«.d vij>cn. The news of Mr.
Hendrifkn' dmth was received In Wash
ington lat«- on the afternoon of Novem
ber 2T>. Pr^jident Cleveland was at din
ner uh^n ih>» news was brnui;ht to him
by Secretary Lamont. Notices were sent
ot once to all tfcp members of the Cab
inet, and a :'j«ccial Cabinet meeting was
brld that n:pht. President Cleveland's
first act was to dispatch a trkpram of
condolence to Mrs. Her.drlckF. aftrr
which a proclamation was prepared mak
ing an nfMcial arnnuncrm^ni of the Vice
Pr^id^nt'H death to the public, and es
i.t! ■.:■•.•. . : i; a u>ap«» whi^h was followed
to-day by Vr< flderit MrKlnley. <>n lhe
morning follnwlns Mr. Her.Oticks' <Ic-n.th
rnivtiiirrs of such members of the H<iuse
and Senate a.« were In town were held at
the «"apltol. and th«> committee? from
both legislative bodies were appointed to
attend the funeral ffrvicts. which were
held In Indianapolis on the Tuesday fol
lowing. Nineteen members were appoint
ed on the Hou»» rommlttM 1 . and the
rather usual number of thirteen from
the Senate, President Cleveland at nrut
expressed bis Intention to attend the
funeral, but thrr<» wa? an Immediate pro
test from h'.s advisers, seconded by the
pre!Wi of both r>artl*-5. ntrainst his sub-
Jwting himself to f>ven the slightest pos
rlblllty of an accident incident to travel
at a time when there was no •vision
for a «i;rrf«?'T In his oflice. and when hi"
drain might h»v#> cntaile<l serious ron
p#quenccs. Aft««r some days President
Clevelnnd defirr**d to the advice of his
friends and remained ln Washington.
The Cabinet, however, attended the
funeral In a body nnd the Supreme Court
ndjourne-d over until after the services.
Pending th<? Prc^i'lcnt's decision not to
go to Irdlnnapolls the most elaborate
preparations wore mnile by the railroad
ofllcln!* for the snfepimrdlng of his train
in oar»» the Journey should b» mad?, spe
cial track-walkers, pilot engines and
th" like bring detailed to Insure the
fsafety c,f the- whole route. The Vice
President was ln Indianapolis at the time
of his death. n:id. through a singular set
of circumstance*, no one was ln the room
xrlih him wbon ho expired.
Th«" !»»' apnllrable to the Vice Prcsl
<Vncv was cr.nctod Janunry IS. 1««. by
thi» Forty-ninth Congress, first session.
The main features are as follows:
TJ» 't enactM. etc.. that ln r?r* of ■ err.oval.
<!rath' re-'lffnatinn or lnnbillty of both th«
I^ildmt an* V!r^ rrerM.nt r.f ,h, h - UaU«d
C*| *f JM the Pcci^tßry of Ptat«- nr • • • J» PC .
...
... ...
lv,*!ma«er Hcnrral or • • • Seer Mary of thr>
J... "! ." • * * Secretary or the Interior fhail
art sj ? Pivsloenl until (it dHabUltT ■;for a
I'?e«'*"nt "r Icr rr*-f!4ent »« remove.] or a
Pwidrnt Shall b# e>rfr<l
The law further provides that when one
of the above Cabinet ofllccrs succeeds to
the Presl Jency he shall call * spec al
-«Oftn of Congrc*s. A proviso .imlts
h?iur"»ion to the?, who would be
SeIS^DbSS under «aye
! • : ■ ....
. %£%£
Pr«cld«ncy »»ui ' '° fn * ure a " vc *
Ce^°?hc° fedf®^r^Hob^rt Senator
Senator
wniim P Frve of Maine becomes the
pri- Id "t pro t"m.. nnd will discharge all
fhlduUeVof the Vice rr^ntMWtM
■
I IS
■ ses
rlon. Senator Frje " ?cor< " l l Jr?t 1 * end of
tlnoe aa-presMlnff officer UH the- end cf
I 1 resident McKlnley's administration un
| kes he chooses to resign or the Senato
wishes to elect another Senator to the
: ollice.
A curious coincidence of the death of
the \Jce President Is found In the fact
.i a , ot the hlx Vice Presidents who have
died In office four died within a few days
or the paine day of the same month in
| the year, the death of Ml -art occur-
I \, c Olf, 21sl of November. IK*: that of
:*!. Jlson on the 22d of November.
1 i, J ',-, that of Elbrldgo Gerry on November
.3. ISH; thnt of Mr Hendricks on No
vember 25. ISSS. The other two Vice
l residents who died In office were Cli
£°n und King. The former died on April
\^ 12 '. and lhe latter on April 17. ISM.
All the Hags in Washington are half
masted out of respect to .... of
\ Ice President Hobart. The announce
ment of his death east a gloom over the
city, where he was loved and honored.
The news was :r * 1 received at the White
House shortly before 9 o'clock in a
private message from Paterson. in«
flag over the Executive Mansion was
hauled Immediately to half-mast and the
mansion closed to the public.
The President was deeply affected by
tho teleyram announcing his colleague's
d^alh and at once dispatched a .elegram
conveying the sympathy and consolation
Hobar t uud Mrs. McKlnley to Mrs -
The President retired to his private
apartments. His close and Intimate re
lations with his colleague made him feel
the Mcc President's death as a personal
bereavement. Mrs. McKlnley was great
ly aflected. She gave way completely to
\K r r .5 riof and sobbed convulsively. Mrs
McKlnley ha* but few Intimates here and
among her most cherished friends were
the \ice President and Mrs. Hobart.
President McKlnley did all he could to
comfort his wife, and did not return to
his cmce until the members of the Cabi
net began M arrive. %
The members of the Cabinet were made
acquainted with the sad news as soon as
the President himself was inform. by
moans of the telephones from the White
House.
.u SeC T» etar i v Hay * afte *" a conference with
the President, returned to the State De
partment to give orders for the execution
of the official programme no far as the
Government is concerned. First Mr. Hay
sent a private message to Mrs. Hobart
expressing his sincere condolence, and
then gave his attention to the prepara
tion of a proclamation announcing the
>!cuth of the Vice President to the people
of the Lnlted States. It was also neces
sary to convey the news to the nations
of the world.
Tbis was the regular Cabinet meeting
day and the members gathered at the
White House at 11 o'clock, but the death
of the \ ico Prt-Fldent overshadowed all
else, and public business was not men
tioned. All the members of the Cabinet,
especially Attorney General Grlggs,
I showed the emotion which they felt.
Attorney General Grins left for
Patr-rson# Immediately after the Cabi
net mooting. The Attorney General and
Vice ProKident Hobart were probably
closer than any two men In public life
in this administration.
The flags over the public buildings wero
j half-masted early In the day. Beyond
this t litre was no outward evidence of
mourning and no drapings, as ■ law of
Congress ha? put an end to the former
practice of draping the public buildings
on the death of an executive. All the
executive departments will be closed on
the day of the funeral.
SIX VICE PRESIDENTS
HAVE DIED IN OFFICE
Peculiar Fatality Appears to Attend
the Holding of the
Position.
WASHINGTON. Nov. Garret A.
Hobart Is the sixth Vice President of the
United States v ho has died while in of
fice. .
George Clinton of New York, who was
elected Vice President with President
Jefferson in ISO*, and with President
Madison in l^S. was the first m.l!) elected
to the Presidency or the Vice Presidency
to die in Office. His death occurred on
Aiiril 20. ISI2.
BlbrldffQ Uerry of Massachusetts was
elected Vice President with President
Madison in 1812 and died on November 13.
ISU.
William K. King of Alabama. *ho was
elected Vice President with President
Pierce In 1«;2. became very ill before the
date of Inauguration and went to Cuba
for his SeaJth. He was unable to come
to Washington and In pursuance to a
special act of Congress took the oath of
ollice in Havana on March 4. IST.3. He re
turned to his home at Catawba. Ala. on
April 17, 1853, and died the following day.
never having presided over the Senate
Henry Wilson of Massachusetts was
elected Vice President with President
Grant ln 1&72 and died on November 22,
1575.
Thomas A. Hendricks of Indiana was
elected Vice President with President
Cleveland In lSi4 and died on November
I 25, IKSS.
j Garret A Hobart of New Jersey was
elected Vice President with President Mr.
Klnley In ISS6 and died on November 21,
j John C. Calhoun of South Carolina Is
I the only man who ever resigned the of
fice of Vice President. He was elected
with President Jackson in 182S and re
signed on December 20, 1832, to accept an
election to the Senate to fill a vacancy
from South Carolina.
ACTIVE CAREER OF THE
LATE VICE PRESIDENT
From a Fanner's Boy Garret A. Ho
btrt Became a Noted Bye
publican Leader.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ k^i ♦
♦ Garret Augustus Hobart was born •♦■
♦ In Monmouth County. N. J.. June ♦
♦ 3. 1F44; graduated from Rutgers ' ♦
♦ College. ISC3; taught school; studied ♦
♦ law; admitted to bar. Ml; estab- 4
4 llshed practice at Paterson. N. J.: ♦
♦ City Counsel there. 1871; counsel ♦
♦ for Board of Chosen Freeholders. ♦
■♦• 1873: member of Legislature. 1573-7S ♦
-♦- <Speaker. 1576): State Senator. 1579- +
♦ R5; president New Jersey Senate. 4
«► 1SSI; lone prominent In Republican ♦
-♦• politics; chairman State Central 4
-♦• Committee .til elected Vice Presi- , 4
4 dent for term 1&97-1001. ,".+
♦♦♦44444444444444
(•arret A. Hobnrt was the son of a
farmer. His ancestors on his father's
Fide wero English and on his mother's side
Dutch. It was possible for him to enter
college under the average age and before
he was 'jO he had earned a degree at Rut
gers. From college he went to Paterson
nnd rtnrted In th.- law as a penniless boy.
His tutor was Socrates Tuttle. He was
determined to succeed, and at the end of
two years of hard work he was admitted
to the bar In 1860. There were times at
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take laxative p., ,„, Quinine Tablets. All
<'rupplrt» refund the mor.ey If It falls to cure.
B. AY. Grove's ilcnatur* is on each box, "&c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1599.
this period when it was necessary for him
to teach school and keep books !n the
evening to make his expenses. It is even
■aid that he knew what It was to go to
bed without supper and trust to some
friend for his breakfast. This struggle
lasted for about three years, after which
he became a full-fledged counselor md
clients became plenty. He began to dab»
ble in small politics and for many years
held unimportant places. He was once
clerk to the grand juries, and about -his
time lost the political favor of his an
cestors for deserting their Democratic
traditions and becoming a Republican.
This was a fortunate move, for In April,
1871, he was elected City Counsel. Here
was the real beginning of his public iife.
The next year he became counsel to the
Hoard of Freeholders and was elected to
the State Assembly from the Third Pas
saic District by the largest vote Ihe dis
trict had ever given.
Mr. Hobart's record was that of an ac
tive, aggressive legislator. .He was so
able in this position i lint he was elected a
second time in 1573 and chosen Speaker.
His constituency promoted him .it the
next opportunity and he went back to the
capital to be chosen President of the
State Senate. He introduced more bills
than anybody else, and was during his
term In the lower house chairman of sev
eral Important committees. He i 6 the
author of some of the n».>st important
measures bow upon the New Jersey
books. It was his Idea that the law was
enacted which provides for the summary
judicial investigation of the affairs of any
county upon the application of twenty
five freeholders, an ad which has been
used many times with splendid results.
Another measure of his was the statute
charring the sinking fund of the State
with the payment of all interest and part
of th. State debt yearly, reducing the or
dinary expenditures some $lw'.ooo annu
ally, which was the cause of the removal
of the State tax— one of the facts upon
which New Jersey prlrfos itself more than
any other. He also drafted and secured
the passage of the bill calling for the ar
bitration of strikes and troubles between
labor and capital. There was a disposi
tion to give him more honor, and in ivs|
he was the choice cf the Joint caucus for
the United States Senate. The Assembly
was largely Democratic, and he was nat
urally '■(■■.■■■ by John R. Mcl ■•• ( .n.
who was a lifelong Democrat.
This was tie end of his ofllceholding.
nnd he began a most remarkable business
career. He made money rapidly, and be
nfxt appeared In politics as one of tbe
managers and directors of the campaign
of Mr Rlame.
Law was his profession. He was want
ed In the si ness world, and in a few
rears he was so deeply in commerce that
he had no time for he practice. His
first place of Importance was the receiv
ership of the New Jersey Railroad. This
place called for the greatest financial
tact. He so managed the affairs of the
corporation that the road was *oon put
upon a substantial basis and started on
the way to subsequent success. He next
was placed In control of the Montclair
Railroad and the Jersey City and Albany
line, arid he repeated his successes. The
First National Bank of Newark failed.
Mr. Eiobart was asked to settle up the af
lairs. This he did so skillfully that with
in six months lie paid all depositors in
full. His, reputation ss a financial man
ager having been established, he was of
fered many places and his ndvlce whs
held at a premium all over the State. He
acepted many of them, and the top of bis
desk In his office bad a letter file with
twenty compartments In it. each devoted
to some corporation in which he was very
largely Interested.
All this, however, did not keep Hobart
busy. In ISSI he ■ought a wider field of
politics. He was made chairman of the
New Jersey State Republican Committee.
He held this place for a year, resigning
to accept an election to the National Com
mittee. This honor he held without inter
ruption s<r.ce ISS4. He was one of the
managers of the Blame .campaign, ■ and
worked with E'.kins and B. F. Jones. He
hns been on the Executive Committee and
ln the State ranked as a leader in the
class with Plait, Quay, Manley, Clarkson,
Fessenden and the others who know the
game of politics as other people do not.
He helped control the destinies of the
party until Mr. Hanna appeared In the
tield. This new leader called him to go
up higher, and Mr. Hobart was willing,
having picked out the place more than
two years before. It is related that this
ambition of his was formally declared at
a luncheon at the borne of William Bar
bour, at Monmouth Beach. General Har
rison was there at the time, and it was
before the general decided he would not
stand for re-election. Mr. Harbour at the
time called attention to the fact that Mr.
Hobart bad not announced himself as a
candidate for the Senatorship or the Gov
ernorship, and was free for some greater
honor. He predicted the ticket would be
Harrison ar;d Hobart He made a mis
take In half the names, and when Mr.
Harrison took his name from the public
Mr. Hi. l. art was pressed by New Jersey
for the place; with Major McKlnley. The
change was acceptable. The Uobart-Mc-
Kinley buttons appeared four weeks be
fore the convention, and the McKinlev
papers in Ohio vere Riled with stories o"f
the life and doings of Carrot A. Hobart.
His nomination was settled, and there
was never a time when the combinations
against him could have been effective
Mr. Hoburt married the beautiful
daughter of his legal mentor. Miss Jennie
Tuttle. He did this in ISC9. when she was
a mere girl, and he but 23. There were
two children. Fannie and Garret. In
June. IS:<6, while the family was In Italy
the daughter died. Mrs. Bart is still hi
mourning, and has not recovered from the
terrible -hock. Garret is a fine, mnnly
chap. 15 rears old. Mrs. Hobart has lost
none if the beauty of her young days, and
ls regarded ss one of the most charming
women In the country. She was the clos
est confidant of her husband in all his af
fairs, and would sit with him In the office
nt the home during deliberations over
great financial transactions. She is abso
lutely without affectation, a trait which
Ib characteristic of every member of th«
household. They live In a three-story
frame house at Pnterson. There Is an ar
tistic hall, several pretty drawing-rooms
and a spacious library, which Is Mr Ho-
I art's den. The house is one mass of pic
tures of merit, in addition to the treas
ures In the art gallery. It is the verdict
of the women who know her. and this is
most remarkable, that were Mrs. Hobart
compelled to pass a civil service examina
tion to become the leader of Washington
society she would get 100 per cent
Consul at Algiers.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 8L- Danla) S. Kid
der of Florida has been appointed Consul
at Algiers, Africa, vice C. T. Grollet.
TRANSATLANTIC LINER
FOUNDERS IN A STORM
Manchester Enterprise Is a Total Loss, but
All Hands on Board Were Rescued
by Another Vessel.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 21.-The former : Baltimore and Liverpool liner Queens
more, now known as the Manchester Enterprise, has foundered at sea. All
hands have been saved. The news ° th disaster reached Baltimore from
Cape Henry.
.< When the Donaldson line steamer Lakonla* passed In from Antwerp «he
signaled • Manchester Enterprise foundered at sea. All hands saved."
It la supposed that the rescued men are on the Lakonla, which Is at
anchor somewhere In Chesapeake Bay and will reach this port in the morn
ing. v The Manchester Enterprise probably wont down in the hurricane which
eSf-ke S f-k n ra * ing on the track of transatlantic liners during the past two
ie 7 he M " nChp^ tC^ Enterprise was a brlg-rlgged. Eteel vessel. 360 feet long.
« feet wide and ■ feet depth of hold, and registered 3792 tons gross. She
was built at Dundee. Scotland, In UN. , She Failed from Liverpool November
4 for Montreal. in charge of Captain Wright, and carried a crew of twen
ty-ilve men.
FUNSTON CONTROVERSY
GROWING VERY WARM
Monitor Offers to Defend a Suit
in Lieu of a Bet.
Fox Reiterates His Old Charges and
Makes New Ones and Also Produces
Certificates of Services Rendered.
IN* response to the open communication
from General Funston published in yes
un!a\'s Call, the editor of the Monitor
U :it the following reply:
Editor of The Call— Sir: I beg the
favor of space in your esteemed jour-
I nal to notice as far as it applies to
myself or to the Monitor Brigadier
General Junston's proposition with
reference to certain statements impli
cating him in the looting of Caloocau
church. The betting arrangement to
which General Funston has recourse,
in lieu of a threatened action for
libel, is a positive disappointment. It
is neither dignified nor conclusive. It
does not seem to me to be a becoming
mode of proc dure for the settlement
of such a question as the one in
volved. I should feel inclined to ac
commodate General Funston, how
ever, if it were not against my prin
ciples, personally, and against the
principles of the publication with
which I am responsibly connected, to
arbitrate questions of fact on a purely
gambling basis.
If General Funston has been libeled
by the Monitor he is not dependent
upon the friendly offices of Rabbi
Voorsanger or any number of amiable
and impartial friends of that gentle
man for redress. The courts are wide
open to him, as they are to less dis
tinguished citizens. As a defender of
our institution, it would be far more
in keeping with General Funston's
official position and character to take
up this matter regularly, in accord
ance with established forms of law
under those institutions. Should the
complainant lose his case in a libel
suit there is nothing, that I know of,
to prevent him forfeiting his SIOOO
to the lied Cross Society, if he saw
fit to do so. On behalf of the Monitor
I cheerfully promise to donate double
that sum to the same excellent organ
ization in the event of the verdict be
ing in his favor.
I have small respect for courage
which passes the lie at long range
from behind the safe shelter of a
newspaper communication. I may be
pardoned, I trust, for expressing the
opinion that that sort of thing corre
sponds admirably with the tinsel
glory with which General Funston
has been surrounded, as I understand,
through the industry of a careful,
personally conducted literary bureau.
T. A. CONNELLY,
Ed. the Monitor.
Nov. 22. 99.
Thomas Fox makes the following rep'y
to the charpes in General Funston'e com-
Dtunlcai
- in Fr.incl.'co Call: The "PettlC' at
Knight of the Philippines." as an Eastern
m rllr.- hi;; lljp dull"v::. ■ l"v::. I n. in his communl
:i your Journal thts morning
aßiim r'-iM'HT-: Ms malign statements about me.
is ••getting It" on all
1 should t>e charitable and
ai>cril>e his wild r» n.arks to a bad case of
"rattle "
aion with regular army of
ficer*, as well as from my own kaoWledffß of
"the hero's" funny character, I have lem-ned to
regard Funstou and his bombastic declarations
CRITICS OF AMERICAN
SOLDIERS DENOULED
Continued from Flmt P»-g*.
mate difference!» of opinion in reference to
the causes of the war, but how can we
in the fare of a common enemy deride,
abuse and slander the men who are Hunt
ing our battles? There is but one course
for patriotic Americans and that Is to
stand nobly, generously and bravely
around their flag. And I expect and will
tell you In conclusion that with the next
mail I will receive from the Archbishop
of Manila the authoritative, true story
of who looted and desecrated, robbed and
despoiled Philippine churches, and I
pledge you that you will hear that It was
not American troops."
During the address of the reverend gen
tleman the hall rang time and again with
stormy applause. The early part of the
lecture had been Illustrated with Btereop
ticon views, but when the lecturer ap
proached the primary theme of the even
ing the lights were lit and the impassioned
words of the speaker rang out. and were
prompted by no notes or written sugges
tion. He spoke feelingly and eloquently
and his hearers followed every mood.
as most amusing. I^est he should be taken se
riously by persona other than sentimental
-:rlh. I will refute hio slanderous attack
on me in this morning's
"ThomaK Fox. spoken of above, was never In
the hospital corps or in any way connected with
the urmy. but was a dissolute and worthless
f'llnw used ac a lackey by McCutcheon anJ
Hass, two correspondents In the Philippines,
to care for their carrier pigeons and do their
camp work for them. Three times he was
fined In the provost court of Manila for drunk
enneF« and disorderly conduct."
In iir.Mvi-r I will ark you simply to publish
two portions of a bunch of testimony I have In
my possession:
•'Headquarter* North Dakota Infantry, Manila,
P. 1., July 7. 1599.
"To wh n\ It ni.iv .-•.ucr-rn: It rives me great
pleasure to plve testimonial of the work done
by Th<>mas Fox during the present Insurrec
tion of the Filipinos. Although not an enlisted
man, he attached himself to the ambulance
Bd Won the universal esteem Of the men
he voluntarily served with, and the respect
and confidence of all. He whs quick to see a
situation, willing to undergo hardships and
brave any danger without thought of himself,
and all this without remuneration. He was
with the ambulance corps while it was sta
tioned at Caloocan. and went with them, shar
ing all their hardships and helping In all their
work oil the campaign to Maloloa. Too much
cannot be said of him In praise.
"(Signed) .NELSON M. BLACK.
"Captain and Assistant Surgeon. I. S. V., Com
manding Ambulance Corps, Second Divi
sion."
"Headquarter? BMOOd Division. Eighth Army
Corps, Office of Chief Quartermaster. Ma
nila. I. L, July 5. 1599.
"Tv wbon It may concern: I have known the
bearer, Thomas Fox, for several months, and
had many opi>ortunlttes t* observe him during
the Maloios and Sun Fernando campaign. He
was serving voluntarily, without pay, assist
ing any one who needed his assistance and one
day voluntarily Joined me In a very hot little
affair across the Marilao River, coming under
heavy and dangerous fire. I paw him often at
the front, and from his general conduct krv w
him t<> be a brave and fearless man. I think
his servlres. although not under enlistment,
wer« very valuable, and he was so willing and
such a hard worker In each and eviry com
mand that he won the respect of all who
know him. and received a welcome with every
command. He was the only camp follower
who was welcome everywhere or who followed
'ur fortunes with the knowledge and consent
of the commanding general. He served part
Of the time as a voluntary member of my de
ta< hment of scouts. I believe him to be an
honest and reliable man.
■'Klfc-ne.li J. F. BEI.L.
"Major anl Artlnit Assimlng Adjutant General
late Major Seventh United States Cavalry.
Second Division."
"I myself put him under arrest for looting
a rrivite house In Maloios."
I have already branded this as a lie and I
repeat the accusation with emphasis. It may
Interest you to know that I n.et the doughty
Funston to-dny and confronted him with this
lie. I demand to know when and under what
circumstances he had placed me under arrest.
He evaded the question.
"He stowed himself away on the Tartar to
return to San Francisco, refused to do his
share of work when discovered, and was put
on l>re;id an.', water for two weeks by Colonel
Met.-alf He applied to me for relief, and I
told him he cculd stay on bread and water
all his life before I would Interfere. He
promptly registered a vow to 'do' me."
I disposed of this mlsntatement In a previous
communication to your Journal. I will repeat
that I went on board the Tartar with the
knowledge and consent of the proper officers
The trouble was that I was too outspoken to
suit Funsi.'n and Mcteitt. The enlisted soldier
could not. of course, speak his mind, but I
served my country for months without pay and
I thought that I at least should be entitled to ;
freedom of speech. He says I applied to him
for relief. He knows that I never saw him I
from the time that I was nnlered arrested until
we arrived In San Fnincisco.
THOMAS FOX.
When he referred to the scrub that was
oftener drunk than sober and longer in
the guardhouse than out of It there was
an angry retort from the gallery. Some
body was shouting an Incoherent protest.
It was Thomas Fox. the author of the
story of desecration !n the Philippines.
Mr. Fox suppressed himself and remained
quiet until tne lecture was over and he
reached the street. There for a moment
or two he held a few Idle listeners. The
strictures of the Monitor to which Father
McKlnnon referred are as follows:
Our esteemed contemporary, the Northwestern
Catholic, is Inclined to take a cheerful view of
Secretary Root's refusal to send additional
Catholic chaplain* to the Philippines For this
refusal. It declare*, Catholics may feel thank
ful to God. "The Catholic Church in America
ought to be completely Independent of the ad
ministration. If it la expected of Catholic chap
lains that they shall Junket arounrd the country
and do the unclean work which belongs to poli
ticians, then an army chaplaincy Is no place for
a Catholic priest. If our Catholic soldiers serv
ing In the imperial colonies are to receive the
ministrations of the church, let It economize In
the matter of great cathedrals and select for
the work a few prleats deemed above the
temptations of of nee and of salaries." There Is
some strange Infatuation In the "hideous and
damnable masracre" now proceeding in the
Philippines, avers the same journal, that turiu
the clerical mind from solicitude for souls to a
consuming anxiety for the salvation of the ad
ministration.
Under the caption "General Funston Cleared"
a Detroit daily newspaper gives, editorially
this version of the theft of the famous rob« or
the Caloocan statue: "Rev. W. H. I. Reaney.
chaplain of the Olympla. has completely dis
posed of the church desecration charges made
against General Finiston and the Kansas Vol
unteers. Father Reaney says that the church
at Caloocan hod been used by the Filipinos for
military purposes tome time before the United
States troops arrived. The church had been
thoroughly secularized and the natives had
stripped It of everything of value. After the
American troops occupied It somebody discov
ered a garment alleged to have been part of !
the raiment of a statue of the Virgin and pre
sented It to Mrs. Funston. Father McKlnnon
of the California Volunteers told her there was
no impropriety In her accepting it, and conse
quently she kept It. That is all there is to th*
story of desecration."
• - - ■*•— -— ' ■ — Plli'i^M l.ijrt i TiiTifIrJPPWWWWiffBWM
"Do Not Barn the Candle
At Both Ends/
e Don't think you can go on dra<wmg vi-
tality from the blood for nerves, stomach,
brain and muscles, without doing some-
thing to replace it. Hood's Sarsaparilla
gives nerve, mental and digestive strength
by enriching and vitalizing the blood. Thus
it helps overworked and tired people.
STATE BANQUET
TO THE KAISER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINDSOR. England. Nov. 21.— Emperor
William of Germany and his suite rode
out this morning and returned to the
castle for breakfast. Then, accompanied
by the Prince of Wales, the Duke of
York, the Duke of Connaught and Prince
Christian of Schleswlg-Holstein. the Em
peror shot in the Windsor preserve park '
and lunched at Cranborne Tower. The
Empress of Germany went out for a walk
in the forenoon with her sons and Prin
cess Henry of Battenberg and visited St.
George and Albert chapels. In to-day's
shooting the Kaiser bagged ITS pheasants, i
one partridge and 27 rabbits with a Mau- i
ser magazine rifle.
The state banquet held this evening in
St. George's Hall was an unusually bril
liant affair. The massive gold plate u-.l i
Is estimated to be worth £2.000.000. Her
Majesty received her guests in the King's
Guard chamber, famous for its gobelin
tapestries. Troops of the Household Cav
alry, bearing lances, lined the grand stair
case.
The Queen sat at the center of the long
table, facing the Prince of Wales. On
her right was Emperor William and on
her left the Duke of Connaught. Mr-.
Choate had sixth place, sitting next to
the Italian Emhnssndor. JJnron de Renzle
1 Montanro. Empress Augusta Victoria sat
on the right of the Prince of Wale*, with
Bmba»«aaor Choate In the sixth place on
this tide of the table, next to the Princess
Artbert of Anhnlt.
The toasts were very formal. The Prince
of Wales arose first, paying: "By com
mand of the Queen: "The German Km
peror and Empress.' " This was followed
by the German national anthem.
Emperor William then raised his gla«s
to the simple words. 'The Queen." after
which the Hrlti>h national anthem was
played.
As It was her birthday, the Prince of !
Wales toasted the Empress Frederick and '
the German national nnthem was played i
again. Arthur J. Hal four was unable to
I be present.
WTLL NOT BE NOTICED.
Department Can Take No Cognizance \
of Charges Against Metcalf.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21. -Relative to
the allocations that have been made by
pome of the late officers of the Knnsns
Volunteers against Colonel Metcalf on* the
ground of cruelty, It |* .»nlr] at the War
Department that the regiment and all of
the officers concerned having been mu?
tered out of the service the department
can take no cognizance of the matter.
ANATOMICAL
LECTURE No, 3,
) < 6
5,3 \sl\ 5 l
{Ml
P
Men and women, '
a:- you 111 or
ailing? Know
where you
rtand. Take first '
rig 3. which
pulntv out the
kidneys. The
health of the cn>
tire body de-
pends upon the
correct action of
the kidneys.
When they be- |
come slucf -h
then the blood
becomes poison-
el ill DYAN
strengthens th*
kidneys and
stimulates ihem
to perfect activ- i
ity.
We will take
up flic 7. the
»>•-*. When they
are sur.k*n. have
dark rlr.c-4 un-
der them and
the lldn become
swollen, with 1
pufftnexs under
•yea, It denote*
a serious condi-
tion. MUDTAN
corrects au c h
condition. Fir.
( points to the
mouth. When
this becomes
clammy, an.l the !
breath offensive.
you need HUD-
VAN HfI'VAN
corrects th.- or-
ganic weakness
that causes such
condition. W e
come to figure* 2.
4, 5. the Joints.
Tain* In joints
and muscle*. I
vv — «— y fa ess of
Joints and swell-
In? of joints tell of this organic weakness.
HUDYAN affords prompt relief. HUDYAN
brings absolute comfort. Now we have fig. 1.
the ankler. When there Is swelling of
ankle* delay Is dangerous. This symptom
calls for HUDYAN. HUDYAN cures perma-
nently.
HUDYAN— all druriciflts— Me a package; six
packages for {2.50. If your druggist doen not
keep It »end direct to the Hudyan RemedyJ'o..
cor. Stockton. Ellis and Market sts.. San Fran-
cl*co. Cal.
CONSULT HUDTAN DOCTORS ATIOUT
YOL'H CASE. FREE OF CHAROE. CALL, OR
WRITE. BEND FOR ENTIRE SERIES OF
ANATOMICAL LECTURES; FREE.
Ujsjw^i-^ Ido not telieTe there
J&itMr*t&k, is a ca '° °' •lj' s l' P-
i&~^&!&r.«ii'- X fijL> Imiliitthsi or
/»'^^ l^fc*. sny •toniach trouble
d& Jmm ; *' nt cannfl t be r»-
mJ . ■ '»« nlJiS'nF KeTcd at once end
W permanpntl.T cured
V yjfy by my DYSPEPSIA
_V^V^sXbC ''^-'Nw At all drupgistjr,
" v•• to Health and modi-
1 I V cal nd vice free. .1505
• * Arch street. Phila.
•-^^•A^^^^^^^-evvvt
$ w 3 - OR JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
f *& i:ci v****? 3T- 5«- c.i t*-.it *-.i s.r :;:. i
\ Cf The Lftrceit Ami mieal Matcom in the \
9 K^fw**. * ortd - *«»kne««e» cr my contracted i
• KM v<r »" M ■**<*■■< aMaSLateaMM f
0 IjgySll &P«culUtCßUMCottt. E1t.36y.-ar?. a
t |*31J4 or. DAN- PRIVATE DISEASES
A I >I?sJfi Contention free »nd ttrlrtly private \
1' I #% 0 Il!V me^ P"»on»Il y nr hy If tier. A 4
,|7 II "1"" 1 " C*rn,\ every Cii«ur. ltrt*Mtn ▼ |
vr // Itr J v 'i'«'o'E'Mk,pnii.o*opnY t ii
" U I BAnaUCE, mailed I-KEB. 'AT
A ii /], *»lu*ble book tor ami r * eo - -■* T
7 I>B JORDAN A «-©.lobl Market HF F
•
zg&^Skr ELECTRIC BELTS.
/^*jU»:^£jS%i&r?C >'rlces from »iO to
fcJ^Tvy^^l v wrWiJft Largest manu-
QfcS* N »v N^Y®i facturer> In the fnl-
lj ff affsF trd 8t »"« No Qua. k«
i&l\'Wli£Wi*l£Sjyr connected with tbia
*»tabll^^ment.
af p 'f v l~7" For particulars
. > ,' ; " ' call or send 2c in
I\** stamps for "Booklet
___ No. I." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO. 820 Market St..
Opposite Palac* Hotel. 8. F.
ffiktZZ}™^ VITA l IQ
f uTw >ccv THE NEW
tzrtF-iothD. x .s-^Mr '«: rHfcNunii
VITALIS MkD * i*i • scyeny
I'KKIil lIS THE tROTK ICtb Diy. nklTlCllltl
lUMI.IH. l;qu.rm,4, ar r m, n , o , My.M v. U, VI . Eyu
nr-jini.W»!t;r; -r«. n a all »ff»tt« if itlf.ibux or ritnin a
inJitcretient. R»»tor», Lett Vital, r>-.r * railing M»mufy
)Yar<li«a ln.»niiT«ndCo!namplion. CarM *h«u ». I oihfr.fi:!
IbsM on having VITALIB, no oth*r. C»n b* r»rri»4 in *»it
p.<k« Bymail*l.OO p. r aacktas «r hi f»r »ft.«O « la .
*u«r»rt..to(«r».r Effo.a |k» |*«ry. rirniUr I'rr* Adrirnt
CAM MtT <:i'i: i: CO., BS4 l>earb*r« ft.. < h|. *«.
Sold in Su rruteiico *ai Oakland by th. Owl Drug Co
TJDTTCIJI7C KOR BARBERS. hak
DKUbnii^-.^tu.ck, ta^ :
br»w»r«, bookbinders, candy-maker*, canners, '
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, pap«r.
hangers, printers, painters. »ho* • factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofern. tanner*, tailors, etc.
ISUCIIANAM BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
ruiiiHMi,i m i.m ■■"Hi ..iimi ■i ■ ■ — mwi ■ Vi. m*tm i i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUDGE TOWNSEND
Of th UniU4 State* Ciroait Caort
3 GRANTS
I WO CD ACM
LIGHT CO.
! ■ ■ ■ I
■\ Injunction against
j The Gamble - Desmond Co.
Dcpnrtincnt Store of :
New haven. Conn.
; Under this decision Z 1 !? Dealer*
i .ire liatlefor inrrinKrmmt of the '
■ Welsbach Co.'s Rawson (Coating)
Patent growing out of the act ot
! causing the mnnatneture.
\VH 4GAIN~G*»VE NOTI'E
; THAT ALL IM i IMGJ R« Of
'• OUR PATENTS WILL m: |
! PROSIiCUTLD WHETHER
j MANUFACTURERS, DEAL-
i ERSOR USERS.
; $100.00 REWARD
WILL BE PAID FOU EVI ' C« O"
j iM»N(;rv.i r AQMNSr MA.NU- |
HACTU i: ■ nEALK'f <> Ustiß,
TO THE PUBLIC.
i Avoid liability of infringement I
I Take nothing hut the (it: lIM |
; nlwny* In sesi'cd b xem bearing our '
1 registered trademark " WLLi- '
jj BACH."
I WELSBACH~UGHT co. !
i • r. .'SaJtsronms In all the leading cttlea
• " throughout the t'nltcd States.
y |
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
Th* Book of th« Century. Handsomer
Illustrated I v thirty-two of th* World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each pel Sea Interested In subscribing
to the Kur»ne Flald Monument Snvjventr
Fund. Pubscrlb* any amount drslrvd.
£üb*crlptlnns as low at II will entitle
donor to this dajnttly artistic roluma
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. Sill), a." a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Hook contains a selec-
tion of Field's best an. l most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noWe contribution of th*
world's rreatest artist* this book could n^t
have been manufactured for '•"« than 17.
The Fund created l« divided erjuallv be-
tween th» family of th" l»t» Kurene Field
and the Fnnd f«r the bulMlns: of a monu-
ment to the m»"- '•• of. til beloved poet
of rblldhood. * •«-..«
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT 80CTCSHI fC.ID
180 Monroe St.. Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish ?<> •• • 1 postace. enctose
10 f«nn.
Mer.tloa this Journal, as Adv. is inserted a*
• our Contribution.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Ftxii. :. ESPiO ; V*w T»rk. E. ?OCGE2i • CO.
EOLI> OT ALL. DRUOQIdTa.
1899 —TAXES— IB 99
NOTICr IS HEHKBT OIVKJJ THAT Tnr.
first Installment of Real Estate ."airs an 1 all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes "vt!! be delin-
quent and IS per cent added on UO.VDAT.
November !7. at • o'clock d. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAT EVi:.NINO. NOVEMBER 11.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS. November M anJ ZS. from I to J
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SMI I 11 AN.
Tax Hector of the City and County of Ban
Francisco.
GOLDEIM
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOP.taVEft. LUNGS.
ffSk Cftle&ester'B EagUsb Dtaaesd Brand. "--.
Pennyroyal pills
■ ,««£?~V Ortoiaal mm* Only Oeaatae. A
W r*t^L?~\ ••'«. ». •••• muu«, Mont ••» jWfV
>\\ CN^M brui M lor ChUUMtr « finalu* b-i-JjXZ.
O\irLrr' Srafl la '**< »*» «•" B.4t«i;i 4
*^*![^SLntMSM. M*d wit« » M rl»b«a. T»ke\!&
■M other. A»/V«# <ii»y~3vj n.:<n-«- V
I" I — /•• «*"" * md *■"*■" — - AiDr««(t<ta.«rta4 4a,
1 C _/y li i:«ai« tat p irtlcsUri. uauoasuu >. j
lo JB "r;rllrf Tor Lm4i*o. m ** itfUr. t>> retava
■XT 1/ *t*JI. IO,"IM» T»«laenl.:. JTmm rZ>w.
vv — -ffil -', OeulciU Co.. M n ll a — i Tisaia.
«M my all 1~-J i>ro«lsta. PHILAIIA. I\r
rffl E«S3 tV Permanently Cyedbf
£• I-. \V Permanently Cartd bf
F» t X.DR. KLINE'S GREAT
m U h NERVE RESTORER
X mm ' ' ■ mm.
9 (VwiMllaeiwi.jmint < »1
■ %t TRI .1. HOTTI.K FItKK
w,- t» Fit p»u»nt» •&•> n? »•"•<»<• •»■» •• *•'> ••t.
■£> Frrnantnt f\.rt. n-: n« ytnnr"r«rT t'A't. »r » i .»•»-
tV mm* •r.irri. Kpi:n>-». Iph •■ Vl',. !>».--<,
[;.'. iwiii-t. r.»»«.iKt. i!!!.it.i!.2£i.iM::.i.d.
fflfl (1.11 Arch Street. P!»MdelphU. rmitiua
yv^w^vvwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv^
jj^T'iaasiißii
i U^JBs^ I.NJLCI lON.
!| A PERMANENT CURE I
J i of 'lie most obstinate rase* of (ior.orrho?a < '
1 1 and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6i\
2 days ; no other treatment require!. ( i
S . Bold by all drugglits. >
' IA^VVVVVNA^VVVVVVVVVVVVVWV^A
IA/. X. HESS.
NOTARY VflrtfcM AX& ITIIIMI if 111.
Tentn Floor. Room 1015, Oaus Spreckels Bide.
Telephone Drown 131.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. Me DON I. D.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE IU rOLSOU IT.AGUINALDO FLEES
FURTHER NORTHWARD
Shows Greater Strategy Than Pur=
suing American Troops, Who Now
Suffer Fearful Hardships.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Nov. 22—12:50 p. rr) — Aguin
aldo has escaped between Generals
Young and Wheaton. General Young is
pushing toward Bayambong.
Th-y
■
; ADVERTISEMENT^
THE GREAT
DOCTORS.
Remarkable Cures Being Effected at
the State Electro-Medical -
Institute.
The Return of the Great Physicians
and Specialists Hailed With
Delight
By th 3 Weak, the Sick and Afflicted of the
Pac fie Coast
Fclence. fklll and knowledge Is abso-
lutely necessary for the successful
practice of medicine and surgery.
Those qualities, when coupled with fair
and honest business principles, are
bound to insure patisfaction to patients.
ai« well as preat increase in practice.
The best evidence of the science and
eklll of the celebrated physicians and
specialists of the State Electro-Medical
Institute Is the success attained in
treating the sick, the weak and debili-
tated, the lame and the unfortunate of j
bcth texes, whose minds are all but
£one aa a result of thtir own follies.
Cttr«s which others might term mira-
cles are now being effected by these
great physicians. Unlike other special-
ists, the doctors demonstrate to the sat-
i>faction of the patient their ability to
cure by a treatment before entering
into an agreement to treat. It Is these
fair business methods, in conjunction
■with their science and skill in handling
! disease, which causes their rooms at
737 Market street to be thronged from
morning till late in the evening. It
dots not cost anything to consult the
■<3octors. No incurable cases are taken.
The electrical department of the in-
Ftltute is equipped with all kinds of
electrical appliances, including gal-
vanic, faradic and static electricity — all
known to possess remarkable curative
powers: and. whin coupled with spe-
cially prepared medicines under the
tkillful eyes of the physicians and spe-
cialists of the State Klectro-Medical In-
stitute, the effect on disease is like
throwing oil on troubled waters. This
le bring demonstrated dally — not In iso-
lated instances, but in dozens of cases.
Rheumatism, acute and chronic; lum-
bago, sciatica, etc., quickly succumbs
to the combined electro-medical treat-
ment of the celebrated specialists. The
effects of the treatment on such dis-
eases must be seen to be appreciated.
The cures are not only speedy and won-
derful, but really miraculous. There is
no longer need to suffer tortures from
attacks of the above dreaded com-
plaints.
Tbe great specialists cure all difficult
diseases of men and women, including
nervous df-bility and all its attending
ailments of young, middle-aged and old
men. The awful effects of indiscretion
In youth or excesses ln after life, and
the effects nf n*»gl^cted or improperly
tr*-atf-d cases, weak back and sexual
weakness.
<*atarrh. head, kidney and stomach
troubles quickly cured.
Kupture. varicocrle and hydrocele
Fcientifically treated .and completely
mrr-d. Call and examine testimonials
Fhowlng the success of the specialists
v!th their m-w system in treating rup-
ture ar.d raricocele. No cutting with
knife; no dc-tention from work or busi-
ness. «
ISIoM nr.d skin diseases, syphilis and
tumors cur'-d quickly and more thor-
oughly than by any other system.
WVak organs strengthened and lost
manhood restored.
Cur»»s guaranteed In every case ac-
c-pted.
The following nre some of the other
dlwasos successfully treated: Catarrh,
kidney diseases. Madder diseases, spine
diseases, Uver diseases, heart diseases',
Mood diseas* I*,1 *, hfcin dlsrasrs. premature
«ie<-a>*, unnatural ■MB, wasting
drains, nervous debility, stricture, pile*
and special tllr<-ns< *.
DISEASES OF WOMEN— We tato
Fp^cSal pride in the success which has
Bttond"il our «ff<.rts in the treatment
of diseases of women. Permanent and
satisfactory curt* in menta produced
by abnormal or unnatural conditions of
thr female organ*, painful menstrua-
t*oi Irregularities, barronnrst*. inn.-.m-
•■•♦' hysteria; pain in the hack and
jsjlrm. nruralpin. «luilm-sw of vision,
ermrtlng p.-in nr.<\ itching of th» parts,
bf nrlng down, leucorrhoea or whites.
a** . otn^r complaints which often re-
••»♦ In great prostration and nervous-
■
TREATMEXT BT MATT,— Write If
you cannot call at the office. A per-
Fonal visit 1? always to b*> preferred.
I)t3t for thnpe .who are unable to rait!
tho doctors of the State Electro-Medi-
cal Institute h«v<» developed a system
<->f Eloctro-M^dlcal Hume Treatment
that is ontlrrly successful, by rnoann of
which thnuspndp *.vho were unable to
<\ill at the office have been cured a»
>MF ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Second floor, 737 MARKET STREET.
rtor.mH 1. 2 and I
Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ]
i ard Agalnaldo has gained a temporary I
i strat«>pic advantage.
Those holding this view point 11l the
j fact that the insurants never Intended
j to hold xhc all.-tf.N] capital at Tarlac as a
• permanent capital, as it was or.ly slightly |
! fortified. They also claim that the raif
j road belns left intact, while much rolling
stock was burred and destroyed, II). ii- !
rates that a rapid retreat was made sev- i
oral weeKs back. This retreat must I
have been accomplished at the time Law
toti be£-a:i his San IsJdro movement
Therefore tho Insure* nU have bad lime
to move out their principal supplies and
! munitions. It li also a fact that o;«r
circle of troops hus been closed up to far !
without material resistance exeopt In I
the r^Rion of escape to the north. m>ar :
\vneatui; s column. The captured sup-
Pile* too have proved insignificant c m
pared with those that would be required
Agu;n;il,l supposed array in this val- '■
| ley was <sum.r at from 10.0 C») to 20 IKW '
men. Their known large quantities of !
artillery are tin unaccounted for. T. c !
opinions of General Otis and General i
>cnwan differ somewhat from this !
view. The> say to - da J' that v.y did lot !
know whether or not Agulnaldo. with his !
army, has escaped into the tobacco
J%l°& ° f K lhe v north - If so.* they doubt
whether he has escaped with any eon
«m« hi °.r Ct U They bt> "eve that Aguin
aldo himself has gone. They also be
leve that a considerable number of the
inswpentg forcf are scaUered ln smaU
bands within the outlines as amigos.
«-J?Wn ? ° tiS , and Schw^n think that
within twenty-four hours we will control
nnt.^! an r !3 ;? aßupan Valley. The occu
pation nf ihis territory is now more of a
mechanical than a military problem.
nKht r fnc may posslbl >" b0 som e desultory
«nf n Xl aI oos/ayRo t|s/ayßs/ayRt |s/ayRs /ayR that railroad repairs !
«n!i ih^ rushp<l ' Xow ralls wi " be laid
and bridges raised. The railroad will be
operated throughout In a short time
The genera! opinion h<re U that w<- have ,
pined a tremt-ndous advantage over the
insurgents. Satisfaction i.« expressed
everywhere. Commercial men hope thai
the valley will l»> rjuirkly and pormanent
ly garrisoned, and that agricultural In !
terests will I*, protected. It Is impossible I
to say how large a force Aguinaldo ha ; ; !
l>een able to hold together or whether i
arter the loss of the railroad the people !
in th*. north will still support him. I
This whole movement has shown th.» !
advantage of cavalry for exr»editlous op
erations In the Philippines. The fall cam
paign has been remarkably vigorous
Transportation is still inadequate With ■
the mules that are coming th. movement I
of troops will be much facilitated. Roads i
and trails are drying. Th.- last heavy i
rains of the season have probably fallen, j
It is believed hf-re that Arulnaldo re- i
treat to the north in no way affects con
fronting the insurgent force south of
Manila.
HARDSHIPS ENDURED
BY OUR BRAVE TROOPS
MANILA. Nov 21.— The whereabouts of
Generals Lawton and Young is becoming
as mysterious as Aguinaldo's. The be
lief is beginning to grow at Manila that
General l^awton has struck the trail of i
the insurgent •"government" and is pur- I
suing the Ministers into the Binqua
Mountains. It has been his ambition to
capture the Filipino leaders, and he and
General Young believe that a cavalry
brigade living on the country could run '
them down to any part of tne island.
One vague report brought in by Spanish j
prtsoners is that Agulnaldo and others
were nearly surrounded by Americans !
soon after the Insurgent chief left Tar- i
lac. but he escaped through the lines in >
peasant's clothes.
Officers and soldiers arriving at Cab- j
alanuam among General Lawton's force !
describe the campaign as one of great j
hardship. Many men dropping out sick <
were left at various towns without ade- •
auate supplies and attendance, some of |
them making their way back across the
terrible roads. i
A number of horses were dying and
many of the soldiers and even some of
the officers were marching on. half naked,
their rlothes having b»»en torn to pieces
In getting through the Jungles. Some of
them were reduced almost to breech
clouts and hundreds were barefooted.
th*>lr shoes b^lng worn out. and all were
living on any sort of provisions. Bread
was rare and rarabao meat and bananas
were the staples.
General Lawton foresaw that the cam
paign would involve such hardships, but
he considered It the quickest and cheapest
way of ending the war.
RACE OF WARSHIPS
ON THE WAY TO MANILA
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.-The ocean
rare for Manila is becoming closer. The
N^w Orleans arrived at Aden to-day. Her
principal competitor, the Brooklyn, sail d
from Aden yesterday for Colombo. She
Is consequently only about three days .11
most ah<»a<l of the New Orleans, allowing
time for the latter to coal at Aden. The
Brooklyn lost tim.- to the New Orleans
In cnir.p through the canal and lied Sea.
Right Ir; the rear <»f the leaders the
Marietta and tho Nashville are having a
rate of tholr own to Manila, with the
chances in favor of the latter. The Nash
ville sailed from Port SjiM for A«l<n m
the Mh ln«1 . ami the Marietta starte<l
on the mom trip to-day, three days be
hind.
AMERICAN TROOPS
PARADE AT MALTA
mai.ta. Island of Malta, Nov. 21.—
f the Torty
- 1
—\a\ from »ho United Btates •r.-m-
j. .r Thomas, which Is on h«>r way t.. Mr
■
>1 Sir Kr.. fell, on I
rail ground. The |
Americans mac. :. n t Jm;>r •
THROWN FROM HER
CARRIAGE AND KILLED
Sad AccMent Occurring to Mrs. M. A.
Vickroy,' a Prominent Woman
of Virginia.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Nov. 21.— Mr*. M A .
Vickroy of 'Alexandria, Va.. died at the
Sisters' Hospital to-day as the result of
an accident yesterday afternoon. She was
out driving with Judge N. L. Griffin of
thin place. Both occupants of the Vehicle
were thrown violently to the ground.
Ju<fge Grlltin was unconscious for two
hours and l.« in a critical state. The de
cf-npod and h'-r husband resided In Ari
zona In the earl) days, the latter owning
extensive mining Interests here. He erect
ed th« first stamp mill in the Territoiy.
Mrs. Vickroy was a familiar character :n
the national capita! during the past fif
teen rears, having successfully put claims
for 1400.00) through the courts. The claims
were for the destruction of mining prop
erty. She came to Present about two
weeks ago to look after mining Interests.
/
THESAN FEANCfSCO CALL^VEDXESDAT, NOVEMBER 22, 1899.
BOER COMMANDO CUTS
THE TELEGRAPH WIRES
Fighting at Mooi River Precedes the Battle to
Prevent a Junction of the British
Forces.
nOPtz lOvviN tfKIDUn Vtk lht OKANGfc RlVhk.
This brM^e Is on the line of t!ie '"ape Tnwn-Buluwayn railroad, some seventy miles b»low Kimberley. H«re Lieu
tenant Genera! Lord Methuen Is nrpanizine m flylnsr column, whioh in a few days will makr- a flash for the relief of K!m- <
bertejr. The rnlumn will consist of the Grena<lirrs. Soots Guards, Northumberlards. Northampton^. Yorkshires arid half of
rth Laneashlres, the other halt being shut up in Kimberley. There will be neither cavalry nor artillery with the
column.
LONDON, Nov. 22— Late last evening the War Office made
public two dispatches from General Buller at Cape Town. The
first had been received from General Clery, dated Monday, No
vember 20, and announced that three privates were wounded the
previous day at Mooi River.
The second was from Colonel Baden-Powell, dated at Mafe
king, November 6, saying : "All well here. We have had a few
successful sorties. Our loss is two officers and seventeen men
killed and four officers and twenty-nine men wounded. The
enemy's loss is heavy. His numbers are decreasing, but his guns
remain and shell us, keeping out of the range of our small guns.
Have had no news from the outside since October 20."
LONDON, N"V. 22. sa. m— The nn
• ment fr->m Durban that <-..m
with Estcourt Is in
terrupted seems to confirm the !„•
lief thut :i Boer commando baa es
tablished itself at willow Orange, or near
the Mool River, :ind has cut the telegraph
wir.s Nevertheless, whatever definite
:nmani!crs may have
f.hraineil fr-mi the scouts Of the disposi
t the i «r commands In Natal and
the condition ><i beleaguered pnrris.-ns
I'.arly, nothing has been allowed t«
develop for the public Information.
It Is certain that owing to the heavy
work of debarkation and entraining at
Durban the preparations for the advance
of the relief force are in no way as ;»'l
! as has been supposed. This may
■..- ilue to the necessity of pushing
«t'>res and provisions to the front In need
f;:l quantities before the t r< >■ .|>« are sent.
..ther hand the celerity with which
tr.-.jis .-ire betng pushed forward from
Town equally lends t>> that all
such ral >ns regarding forage and
provisions were* already well advanced be
■ - arrived at Cape Town.
• ral Methuen's baggage ha« arrived
:• i ■•• A.ir ad to "Lord Methuen,
Pretoria, rls ( 'ape Tovi n."
The reoccupatlon of Nauwpoort is go.>d
news for the British. It is not known
prom what point the troi
but it is presumed they were fr<>m !>.•
Aar. in which event it will not !>•• long be
fore Btormburg also is recaptured.
Nauwpoort commands the gap In the
Klkvorshburg, the lu«t strong fighting
:i south of the Orange River, and
tdmlrably suited to Boer tactics.
Colonel Roy Stone's dispatch from
Ladysmlth Bnally disposes of all reports
of another great British victory there last
v.eek.
The T>uke of Portland has contributed
10,000 pounds sterling T>r Red Cross So
ciety work in Boutfa Afr:
Times announces thai it is author
ized to deny the statement recently made
by a French paper thai I'rince Louis Na
poleon, who is n colonel In the Russian
army, desired to Join the Boers and
asked Bmperor Nicholas f«>r permission.
As a matter of fact he never had any
such idea.
WHERE A BIG BATTLE
MAY NOW BE FOUGHT
LONDON. Nov. 22. -The eye.« of strate
gists are now fixed on the territory lying
wen Orange River, De Aar Junction.
Queenstown and Aliwal North. Here, it
is believed, will be fought the first battle
!on General Buller*! line of campaign.
I Reference to the map and the latest «ji-!
i patches will i how that the British have
| blocked the 80-»r advance along this line,
| and a few days are expected to bring
; news of the ■tart of a movement to hurl
the invaders back. The Boers are In
force north of Hopotown and Orange
River, hut the British force at the latter
place prevents further advance in that
direction. The Boers are also in Colos
burg. but the British block the way
south of Nauwpoort. The Invaders at
Burshersdorp and Btormburg Junction
• are held in check by General , Gatacrc's
division at Queenstown. Some experts be
lieve that Gatacre's llrst move will be
to reoccupy Stromberg.
Aeeordlns to the latent intolligpnce the
- in thr fiel«l are altoated and num
ber as follows: British— General Ctery,
with ll,0»*i troop.H of an army <-orp.«. th<>
greater number of whom have arrived;
Border regiment, local forces and naval
brigade has about MOO men.
Boers— Qpneral Joubert, if he has really
Wt Ladypmith. cannot have less than
At Ladysmlth h^ has
probabl* l«-ft WjOM men. General Gatacre
with &"* 1*!1 *! men hi to advance from Bast
I^ndon. cle.'iring the Boera out of Strom
l)L-rg Junction. Burghprsciorp and Allwal
North. Boer commandos amounting to
aboont 2w«~' to MN men arp reported in this
section. General Lord M^thuen with a
force which is probably about 14.000 strong
la |0 advance from De Aar and Orange
River bridge upon Kimberley. The Boers
around Kimberley may have 6000 men.
Kimberley K-'"-ris. m. about 2000 strong, has
to be reckoned with.
It is report. -1 that the Boers are also
In strong position near the Modder River.
it is eiperted that General IfafhMcn'u
column will meet with stiff opposition In
their advance.
Some close observers are skeptical about
the published plan of thla advance. They
point out that If It was the intention to
relieve Kimberley via Relmont It Is hardly
probable thai the military censor would
allow the publication of the information.
A move In the direction of Bethu'.le
would catch thr Boers between the col
umns of Methuen and Gatacre, coming
from Queenstown. and the garrison at
Nauwpoort.
h All attempts to storm Ladysmlth seem
to have I■• ra abandoned by the Hoers.
Tfuir main force, of about l-'/»>i or more,
is already -marching south under General
1 Joubert to search for food and with the
secondary object of meeting General
1 Clery-
The latest news of Joubert's force re
ported them as marching upon the Mod
River far to the south of BstCOUrt Ihe
road being followed is most likely tnat
which Wads direct from Ladysmlth
through Ween'-n in Weston, avoiding
BstCOUrt. The aim is to isolate the Prit
ish forces at BstCOUrt, destroy the Mooi
River bridge and Impede General <
advance.
GENERAL GATACRE
TALKS TO THE TROOPS
CAPE TOWN. NOT. 2T-Oeneral Ga
ta. re. commander <>f the British column
ibllng at Queenstown, Cape Colony,
made ;< nieetli to the troops there to-
Be said the regulars should watea
and i<;irn fr.>m the Irregulars, who were
acquainted with the soil and the habits .>f
the Boers. When the forward movement
Is begun, he continued, there could be no
(tuestlon "f M..;.ping It. and he asked them
t.. <I<. their best, adding, "I will never ask
you to do anything 1 am not willing to do
myself."
Reports from the northern portion of
loay are m'>re reassuring, but there
is distinct 'Linger of the Dutch actively
espousing the cause of the iioers. who
now effectually bar three lines of entry
Into the Free State. Most of the stu
dents of the Burghersdorp Theological
Seminary joined them after the latter oe
cupted the town.
Proclamations issued at Bloemfontein
Tuesday, November 14, declare that the
whole of Grtqualand West, except Klni
berley and Mafeking, are annexed to the
Free State. The proclamations are signed
by < '. H. Wessels, President of the Volks
raad
The Midland News says that Messrs.
Vanderwalt and Cober, members of the
<".-i]i> Assembly, have Joined the Boer
tt Colesburg.
CONSUL MACRUM'S
POWERS CURTAILED
LONDON. NOV. 21 -Callers at the
1 I'nlted Btatjs Embassy to-day wen- ln
f( rmed that the Unletd States is no iont,'»»r
able to forward messsgei o r tend Infor
1 matlon rfgurdiiiK the British prisoners.
President Kruger having refused the re
: finest to allow Consul Macruni to trans
mit a list of British prisoners. Though
Mr Macrum apparently still remains the
! nominal ag.-nl of Great 'IJritain he is prac-
I ticaiiy deprived of all powers pertaining
to the position.
it is understood that President Kruger
objected to Mr. HaCTUm on the ground
that tlxe I'nitecl Btates' claims U) neu
trality wort- prejudiced t»y her evident
friendship for Greal Britain. All com
j munlcatlons to the British prisoners now
go through the ordinary military chan
nels, which renders their ultimate de
livery doubtful and certainly slow. The
British Government so f.-ir has taken no
steps to ameliorate the present condition
of the prisoners. A Government official
inf-.rmed a correspondent that he did not
i set- any good in trying to get any other
power to act In their behalf as President
1 Kruger would doubtless treat Mb repre
sentative In the same manner that he had
treated the representative of the United
States. Moreover, the official added. "It
Is not likely that President Kruger will
Ibe there long. If we did ask any other
power to act In behalf of Great Britain
It would be possibly Portugal."
— ♦ — _
GREAT WELCOME AWAITS
THE AMERICAN SHIPS
LONDON, Nov. 22.-Thts dispatch from
Its special correspondent is published by
the Daily Telegraph:
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 2n._l t i#lmpo«sible
to exaggerate the satisfactory effect
which has been produced here by the en
thusiasm displayed by our folks at home
over the war and by the sympathy so
feelingly expressed. Not th<* least is tne
American generosity appreciated by ihe
population here.
Colonel Btowe, the American Consul,
paid a visit to the Boer prisoners ft
Slmonstown and was accorded a salute
of nine guns. He has authorized the
American Consul in Pretoria to honor cap
tive officers' checks to the amount of
CUM,
Great interest has been created by the
news of the early arrival In Table Bay
of an American squadron. Including the
cruiser Chicago, Admiral Schley's flag
ship, the Montgomery and two other
cruisers. The visit of the squadron to tne
Cape at this juncture cannot fail to create
a profound impression. Arrangements
are being made to offer the American
ships a splendid reception. Official visits
will be exchanged between the Governor.
Admiral Schley and Admiral Sir Robert
Harris.
PLUCKY WOMAN WHO
DEFIED THE BOERS
LONDON. NOT. 22. -The following *.is
patch from its special correspondent Is
published by the Daily Mali
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 19.-A superb In
stance of a woman's pluck is reported
from Lady Gray, the chief town of the
native reserve near the Free State border.
When the Boers entered the town th y
went to the poßtofnce with the intention
of taking possession of it. They were met
by the postmistress, an English woman,
who not only declined to turn over the
postofflce to them, but ordered them off
th<- premises
The Boen were nonplused by tne
lady*S determined manner, but went out
side and hoisted the Free State flag. The
Postmistress pulled it down and ran up
the Union Jack again. The Boers stuck
up a proclamation annexing the dis<tri< •*.
The Postmistress tore it down and put up
the Governor's proclamation against troa
son. The Hoers finally retreated.
The last accounts from Lady Gray state
that the heroic woman 13 still In posses
sion of the postofflce.
The Free Staters are gradually advanc
ing on Barkley Bast.
RUMORS OF VICTORY
ARE NOT CONFIRMED
ESTCOI'RT, Natal. Nov. 20.— Rumors of |
a glorious victory achieved by General 1
White on Wednesday last are still unrn.-i
flriued. Little confidence is attached to
them, especially as the rtimors added that |
(leneral White hits threatened to place :
many hundred.- of prisoners in conspicu
ous places should the shelling of the town
continue. Reports from the southward
say that the Boers im- operating in pit> .
laging parties, wh.i are looting stores, 1
stealing cattle and ransacking houses. It i
is inld*d that one farmer bet ame so in- I
censed that he stalked a party of 160 j
Boers, eventually shooting eight of them, j
A Hoer force occupies a position on the
Mool River ten miles below the Mooi ■
Rlvtr station.
COMMUNICATION INTERRUPTED
DURBAN, Natal. Nov. 21. -The Govern- i
ment has received the following advices
from Colonel Royston. commander of the
volunteers at I-adysmith. under date of
November It:
"All the volunteers and police are well |
and there are plentiful supplies for man
and horse. All was quiet yesterday '
( Wednesday ) and the same condition ex
ists this morning. There has been no
further bombardment and the effects
hitherto have been trifling. We are anx- j
lous for news from the south."
Communication with Estcourt is Inter- |
rupted.
m
GARRISON HOLDS OUT.
BNDON, N"v. 22. -The Dally Mail pub
s the following dispatch from Pleter
tzburg: An official communication
from Ladysmlth. uatod November 18. says
the garrison is maintaining its position.
A Boer force is reported to the rear of
Boven, about a day's ride from here.
ARRESTED BY THE BOERS.
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 21.— Mr. Collet, the
correspondent of the London Dally Mall
at Stromberg. while bearing a message
from Mr. Schreiner. the Cape Premier, to
TWO MEN SWEPT TO THEIR
DEATH BY A TIDAL WAVE
Wharf at Bear Harbor, Near Covelo,
Piled High With Freight, Is
Completely Destroyed.
COVELO. Cal., Nov. -A tidal wave
that swept over Bear Harbor wharf to
day caused the death of two men and the
destruction of much shipping:. Bear har
bor is a small shipping point on th«
coast. The names of the drowned are
Prank Ward and Christopher Jones. An
unknown man was rescued after having
been In the sea twelve hours. A south
east pale had been blowing all night and
morning, but the sea was not particularly
rough and no alarm was felt for the
safety of life anil property around the
dock. Calvin Stewart, manager of the
wharf, was superintending the arrange
mont of bark and lumber being piled at
various vantage points about the wharf
for the convenience of loading on a
steamer that was expected to arrive. Sud
denly the alarm was sounded to clear the
wharf as an immense wave was sighted,
but It was generally thought the moun
tain of water would break before reach
ing shore.
The tidal wave swept entirely over 600
President Stevn of the Orange Fre«
with Sir Aifr.-.! htltner*! San ''• n, was
••■I by Boen in the mountains and
conveyed to Btoessfontein. It Is under
stood thar Mr. H< -hreiner's letter was a
protest agalnsi the impr. --ment of Brit
ish subjects in Caps Colony.
THIS FROM PRETORIA.
PRETORIA. Nov 21. via I.ourenzr. Mar
ques.—Monday's report from General Jou
berfs headquarters, which was presented
to the Transvaal Council of War to-day.
says:
"Heavy gun firing was heard In the di
rection of Estcourt on Saturday and con
tinuous rifle tir. ■ -ding south of
Ladysmlth A small sortie from Lady
smlth this morning was repulsed. The
Transvaal heavy guns flr*>d a number of
shells Into the town this afternoon."
ONE MINOR BATTLE.
DURBAN, Natal, Nov. W 'linen hun
; dre.l Hoers from \V>««nnn took up a strong
, position on the Highlands, thirteen miles
SOUth of Kstcourt. occupying Turner's
farm, east of Mooi Hlv-r Major Thorny
croft, with a detai-hment of mounted in
fantry, and the ESstCOUTt Carbineers en
gaged the R.H>rs, of which three w*r"
killed, including their commandant. The
Boen withdrew, taking 200 head of cat
; tie captured at Turner s farm. The* main
! Boer force south of Estcourt is reported
to have retired.
Bad Acident Averted.
PAN RAFAEL, Nov. :'i. -Philip Flaherty
and John Redly found a number of trucks
and ces piled upon the tr
the Donahue line at the depot i
and Informed Night watchman Miller, who
removed them from the rail*. It
lieved that ;i. number of boys who wer •
roughly handled a few days ago for in
terfering with railway employes in the
discharge of th*»ir duty attempted, out of
a -pirit of revenge, to derail the freight
train, and the authorities are investigat
ing the affair.
H A "Yeargood" overcoat is all that f~S ' J\ ~'\
ci a good overcoat can be — and lower |?j^]j) nj '*']
w prices mean lower qualities. \Jt^"^ 1 Hi
Hj You get full value for your money in *1 R
fig a "YeargooJ" overcoat, and without fi^ a Egg
PB a risK, either — your money returned if I I^bHHT~^ fil
la you want it or a year's repairing free. 1&" J rJF/| feg
v^v S£i§6 SUIIS I \lj I >jl rp ;
■9 Mr*^^r^*\ every thread of G^C^ *sj
la |^ A \ the material, and
t3 I II A that is why lev are going to satisfy Ig
§1 Imj you so well. They will wear like M
if| \yj most 1 5-°° suits. They are our |M
&& J? I £%J own make and we know their value. §9
pi j^ VT The blue serge is the cloth cf the kj
PI rn/^hJ ear — v * te l!^ e 'y because it makes jfj
Kg Y~f V| such a good appearance and is so ser- JW
W| / Mll viceab'.e. Our blue serge suits are r£j
ml I Boys' Pants. H
|1 / * I I They are made of remnints from our l*|
Q / 111 tailoring department — if they were made in |-j
X / 111 the usual manner from materials selected tor I?
Stf i-^-' / Wtv^ the purpose the prices would be fi.oo, $1.2$ tA
Ms A\r. an( J 1^ 0 ? pants are lined, strong waist* »"
gS bW-3 bands, well made, a?es 3 to 14 years. | *I
M 65C a pair. l /
I (S)s.N.woopeco(@) 1
M XS2!^ 718 MARKET ST A^tp^/ M
§> Out-of-town orders tilled — us for pf
fe our n-w lllustrat:d cataloiue No. 2. %£
feet of the wharf, lumber, machinery and
wharf houses, carrying everything away.
Fortunately all the workmen but three
fled to high ground at the wave's ap
proach. Hardly an instant seemed to
elapse from the time the wave struck till
the men and wharf were engulfed and no
visible trace was left of the structun*.
Ward and Jones were never seen to ap
pear in the sea. The unknown man wh>
was rescued kept well up ln the water
and was seen to head for a small reef,
which he reached In safety, and was res
cued several hours later by a boat from
shore.
Both Ward and Jones are married men
and have families living In Westport.
Pollard & Dodge of San Francisco are th«
owners of the dock. The loss Includes val
uable hoisting machinery, tan bark, lum
ber and a large miscellaneous cargo of
freight ready for shipment to San Fran
cisco. The damage cannot be accurately
estimated, but It Is thought to be well up
in the thousands of dollars.
STOLE THE SAME
HORSE EIGHT TIMES
Grim Joke of Convict
Reavis.
Special Dispatch Is The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Nov. «.-
Frank Reavls. a prisoner who was sent to
the penitentiary eight times for stealing
the name mare from a man In Calaveras
County, was released to-day. Seven of
the terms were served at San Quentln and
one at Kolsom. all being light, except tho
last two. which were for twelve and fif
teen years respectively.
The aggregate sentences amounted to
forty-one years, and Reavls was in Jail
Just twenty-olght years and eight months.
He Is now C 7 years* of age. and when h«
left* the prison he said he Intended to ap
ply for admittance to the Soldiers* Home
at Na]
- It is stated by the prison officials that a
rew months ago Reavls received a letter
from the man from whom he had stolen
the mare so often, In which the owner
asserted that It was now safe for Reavls
to leave his abode, as the mire had died
of old age ten years ago.
"I am still hopeful, wrote Reavls In re
ply. Perhaps the mare Is survived by
one of her colts."
BARK IS WRECKED.
Italian Vessel Fabio Strikes on the
Palisades.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Nov. 21 -Th-»
Italian bark Fablo. Captain Bolgiano
from Naples September 12 for Pensacola
Fla.. was caught In a storm an damaged
while trying- to make this port. 8h«
struck on the Palisades Saturday and U
now a total wreck. . '
34
DISCRIMINATION
FAVORING THE
CHINESE PAUPER
Defect Discovered in
Exclusion Act.
SHIFTLESS COOLIES LANDED
IMMIGRATION COMMISSIONER IS
POWERLESS
BfCMons Why tbe Secretary of the
Treasury Will Urge a Chang* in
th* Law Governing th"
Chinese Bureau.
The announcement In yesterday's Issue
of The Call that the Secretary of the
Treasury was considering the advisabil
ity of turning the management of the
Chinese Bureau Into the hands of the
local Immigration tuireau at this port
with United States Iromteratlnn CnmtnU
tJoner Hart North :is its head provoked
COSflldcrable comment in the Custom
house. Many of the oM timers approved
of the Idea and called attention to a point
on which the so-called exclusion act con-
Uictß with the general immigration laws
and confers u;>on certain natives of China
privileges denied to th«> natives of Great
Britain. Germany. France. Italy. Russia
and others of the European nations. This
is the privilege granted to Chinese pau
pers rflttTcrair-s^trd^Ttb^F «ndwlr-ahle per
sons of that nationality to land in ihe :
Vnlted States without having to pass the
scrutiny of tho lmniißiation ollirials.
Take, for instance, the ease of a Chi- !
nese laborer returning to this country on
his certificate of registration. If he !
hhnws that h«> Is the person to whom the ]
<<Tti!irate had benn gr.int.Ml he is allowed
ti> land. 110 matter how much of a pau- i
j««-r lie may be. while* the Kurnpean la- ]
Lnr« r is dcnli-d a landing unless he can
••how to the nat lsf action of the immlgra- I
tion officers that he is able and has the j
means with which to support himself.
This is a discrimination In favor of the
Chinese and against all other aliens, and
it is argued that it would he no more
than Just, even under the present condi
tion of things, that the Chinese laborer i
after having been landed by the Collec
tor of the- l'ort FhouJd bo turned over to
the immigration ollirials for them to as
certain whether he does or docs not come ;
under th« head of ulUns not entitled 10 j
be landed.
It is argued also that the immigration
bureau is the logical body to deal with
the jirovisions of the exclusion act a^d to I
handle ail immigration, no matter of what j
race or kind. The immigration olllcers j
h:ive nothing else to do than to look after J
immigrants, and there is no logic in turn- i
ing Chlmse Immigrants over to the Col- I
lector of the l'ort instead of to the Com- t
missloner of Immigration.
Collector Jackson very justly complains
that the rrefsure of Chinese business 1
k< <ps him in his offlco until 6 o'clock >
every evening, and that even working ;
overtime he cannot keen up with the de- ;
m.tnd upon his time. The Collector, !•<*- 1
ing the only person who ran order the !
landing of a Chinese immigrant, it fol- !
lows that n" matter how many Chinese j
lnsjo'cTors there may be. the bulk of the
work falls upon him Just the same.
These are i-ai<l to be among the vital
reasons which hnve induced the Secre
tary of the Treasury to make prepara- 1
lions to lay before <"ongross the neces- I
pity of amending the <xciuslon act so that
the Hut. au of Immigration will have sole
control and relieve the Treasury Depart- |
tner.t from the burden and annoyance of
the yellow tltif.
DENIED A DOCTOR'S CARE.
Ho Mini's Physician Not Allowed to
Visit Him.
Ho Hn, ■ 1
■
1
1
■
■
-
1
■
■ ■
! the
LAWS THAT ARE UNJUST.
Judpe Mog-an Suspends Sentence on
Marion Chrtnelle. Charged With
Peddling Without License.
Marion « "handle, a fruit peddler, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday on
a charge of peddling without a license.
He pleaded guilty and explained to the
Judge that h<? was too poor to pay for a
license, as be had to support an ajred
father, anu he had applie»d for a free li
cense, but it wiis not granted.
■ •
I
til lu-e
■
■
I
I
inon'
"David Harura" Lectured On.
Peor>i<» of literary inclinations crowded
the parlors of tho Hotel Berkshire lan
evening to hear i:\lzn D. Kelih lectura on
"Pavld Harum." Lecture is rather a
ftronc term for Mis* Keith's exposition
of Westcott's character sketch. Her
math Is to read a few striking passages
and comment on them, and then with a
comprehensive explanation ■a I "ii to the
next Interesting bit. In this way she
manages to entertain her audience very
picanantly and afford thoso whose time is
limited ah acquaintance with the novel of
the day.
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ine. Pears' Soap es-
tahlished over 100
years.
llOest
i
NOT THE
DIXON OF
THE PAST
Colored Champion Defeats
Lenny, but Lacks His
Old-Time Speed.
Special r>lsi>atch to The Call.
I>ixon,
■
rounds
.. 1 like Ins old
nty of the
rounds, i *
I] It wa- •••! \ tOO i
• Terry
•he dusky boy, who
i has l <. m many j ■
SAN MATEO ROAD WILL
NOT PAY DOUBLE TAXES
CORPORATION HAS ALREADY
PAID TO THE STATE.
On Attorney Lane's Advice Judiciary
Coniniittte Will Recommend
Cancellation of Duplicate
Assessment.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors met yesterday and on the
advice of City Attorney Lane decided
not to recommend that the second assess
ment levied by Assessor Dodge on per
sonal property of the San Francisco and
San Mateo road was canceled. The rail
way company was represented by Judge
"W. B. Cope, who argued that it was an
injustice to the company, which had al
ready paid its taxes to the St;"- Con
troller on the assessment levi. .«>• the
Hoard of Equalization, to pay a second
time.
Attorney I-ane stated that a test should
be made of the question whether the city
or State nad a right to assess the prop
erty of railway companies operating In two
counties. Judge Cope replied that be did
not think 4t fair that the company should
be made the scapegoat for a settlement
of a mooted question.
William Clayton, manager of the rail
road, supplemented the remarks of Judge
Cope by ttating that the assessment of
Assessor Dodge was an arbitrary one,
while the assessment levied by the
Equalization Hoard was based on a
voluntary statement of the company,
which had been done for six years past.
San Mat 00 County hn<l not assessed the
road and he denied the right ol San Fran
cisco to collect taxes after the taxes had
been paid once to the State. Attorney
Lane, however, was obdurate in the mat
ter and the committee refused to recom
mend the cancellation of the duplicate
assessment on his advice.
As a suit of the committee's action
the company tendered tho sum of VCi 81
to Tax Collector Sheehan a* taxes on its
real estate and refused to pay taxes on
$115.2^0 on Hacks, rolling stock, etc.. and
on JCO.'XM representing the franchise,
which it claims has already been as
sessed by the State ami tho taxes paid.
The Tax Collector refusal the offered
amount on the ground that he is obliged
to collect the full amount of taxes or
none at all. It Is likely that he will.
when the taxes become delinquent, pro
c«*ed to sell the property to tlie State. in
which event tho State Controller will
probably ear.eel the county assessment
on the ground that it ha* already bien
paid.
SACRAMENTO SHOPS MAY
BE MOVED TO OAKLAND
RECENT WORK REVIVES A RAIL-
ROAD RUMOR-
Southern Pacific Company Preparing
to Reclaim a Big Section of Tide
Land South of the Mole
Across the Bay.
• ■ by the
> to reclaim .1
■ ■
1 ■ ■
! the
t.iiiK from the end of the note
kland
■
mlnary work on the bulkhead
\\:iy. The ( onipany
• :
! ha.~ alf fly
■ ■ i
roi
:. , :.i thlS
ili.ili^li- i.-j
■ \ • • • rail-
Speculation is rife as to the purpose the
company has in view, and the rumor that
it it- the* ultimate intention to move the
Sacramento shops to West Oakland has
been revived. From railroad men who
are in a position to know it is learned
that the triangle will be the site of the
company's immense works as soon as
they *are moved.
The plan Is nut only one of concentra
tion but also ot economy. The railroad
managers have argued for a long time
that the shops now at Sacramento could
1,1 operated at far less cost if situated
where they were easy of access to ship
ping. A while back there was a rumor
that the shops were to be moved to the
••Jill" along the narrow gauge mole, on
the Alameda de. but It apparently had
no foundation In fact. The extensive, im
provement that the company has under
taken along the Oakland mole and the
immense amount of money that will
necessarily be expended In Its completion
is not without a purpose and lends color
to the statement that a site is to be made
for the big shops now located at Sacra
mento.
One of the officials at the Oakland yards
made the following statement to-day
"The vast additions to the West Oakland
yards are the direct result of the big flre
last summer at Sacramento. When the
Sacramento shops were burned down not
a hit of work could be done for three
months. It was all done In Oakland and
in such a conv«nl»-nt manner that the
company concluded It would be better to
keep a great portion of It here permanent
ly. It has been decided all the coachwork
for the whole of the coast division shall
be done here. This will necessitate the
construction of several new sheds, the
building of an addition to the mill and the
laying of much new track. It will add
a largo number of men to those now
steadily employed, besides requiring; the
temporary services of many more."
VALLEY ROAD NEWS.
Progress of Construction Shows a
Rapid Movement Toward
Completion.
Work on the Valley road is polng right
along and If no unlock- for obstacle
Interferes a few wtiks at the most
should see th*> tracks laid to Point Rich
mond, after which there will be nothing
to do but put on the ferryboat and com
menre hauling freight and passengers
into San Fiancisco.
The three bridges are now fully com
pleted. ,Thoße, Thoße over the San Joaquln and
Middle riven already have trains running
over them and the track will be laid on
the one ever the Old River within the
next day or two.
The tunnels are all finished and ready
for the rall V id the Breat viaduct of i he
Alnambra \ alley Is three-fourth com
pleted and will be ready for business
within a comparatively short period of
time. There Is still about two weeks*
work on the rood between Pinole and
Rodeo and this, when finished, will ccm
TIIE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1599.
Latest Record Made in the Field of Sport.
NEILL IS THE CHOICE
OF THE MEN WHO BET
WAGERING has commenced
in earnest on the meetinp
next Friday nlffht of Boxers
George Green and AI Neill.
With the prestige of a for
mer decision over Green to his credit.
N.!'.l has been installed favorite, the
prevailing odds being 10 to 8. i; 1 . the
bout between Maxwell and Turner the
former la favorite at 10 to I. The
• who s.iv.- Turner and Reilly
boi in Woodward's Pavilion r»
can readily form an opinion a* t.< how
and how s-tr..nK Maxwell must
warrant making him favorite,
ever Turner.
been anxious for a return
with Neill. and once it ■
he went diligently t<> work pre
:..r it. N'c-ili was always ■ oon
sctentlous worker, nnd is leaving noth
ing undone thai will tend to return
him s winner on Friday night. His
ankle, which he sprained badly in a
boxing bOUI with Tom Sharkey at
ValleJOa is pronounced tit for any
strain tjaat ma\ be placed upon it.
The question as to who will referee
•:. bout Is the most momentous oiio
bow before the boxers. They will meet
to-night and will endeavor to ninve
upon :i nian to pass upon their work
in the rinir.
This may prove a difficult matter, unless the boxers agree at once upon
some well-known authority lik«» "Jim" McDonald or I'hil Wand. It" th.-y com
mence quibbling in the matter it may eventually devolve upon the club man
:re the combat :i r.t < to BOOept a man Selected by them. Tl
genuine ill feeling between Green and Neill, which only ■ personal encounter
can wipe out. Thi? bl noi put <>n for effect tit the. nrfoent time, but has
been nursed by Green since the men met before. Nelll is supposed to have said
pomethlnc about Green "getting a reputation" before demanding a return
match, hence the reason for < Jreen's anger. The bout gives promise of being
the most bitterly contested in some time.
plfte the linp from the Franklin »unn;l to
l'.,ii-.t Richmond. Altogether there still
remains about thirty-five miles of track
put in before everything will ue at
an end and Sat. Knmcis. o have another
irrying transcontinental business in
ut .f i'.s markets.
When ieei yesterday regarding the re-
I operation of a freight boat be
tween Polni Richmond and Tiburon to
eel with the Donahue road, Vice
leni Payson and chief Engineer
81 . of the Valley road said -.hat, as
:..r BS they Knew, no su. li plan WS
ntemplatlon. if such a plan had
■ ■■• se men would
w of it. so their pn I
may be t ; •. k• ■ ; 1 as a politi
ntradlcting a report which had no
foundation In fact
WILL IMPROVE THE
PORT'S QUARANTINE
APPROPRIATION LIKELY TO BE
MADE BY CONGRESS.
The Contemplated Enlargement to
Cost Over One Hundred and
Thirty Thousand Dollars.
Three months aeo the local Chamber of
Commerce forwarded to Secretary of tne
.r> Lgrman J. c,n#>- a letter cal'.lnp
attention to the lai k of proper quarantine
facilities at this port That was. at ihe
urn.' th:.t the Asiatic pla^: .:•■ v.a.- I
mil were
• iu.iranttn.-d at Ani:< 1 Island. On that u< . .t
■lon the ; • ■ Incoming ships
put to the most dlatreatlng neon
• th<- Inability at the
quarantine ■O<• r> to afford even the
oommon ;. Pirst-daas an
ond-cla were huddled like
sheep In a pen. and even the luxuries of a
bath wen denied. Ail th.-.-c farts, and
more, forth in th<- Utter, and
a memorial was presented thai be
authorities provl I i an appropriatton
ta of ;!ii port in
■n. it Is appan a 1 that the
i on:n: . weight and
will be favorably acted upon, by the fol
lowing answer that was received raster
. the Chamber:
Trtapury 1 •••|>artm>-r.t. Office of the Supervis
tna • M rtne H pßal Ber-
WASHINGTON. D. <".. Nov. 16, ISW.
Charles Nelson, President Chamber of Com
merce. t=an Francisco, Cal.— Sir: Referring to
your letter of August S, IS'j3, transmitted on
Aiuaist 30 by Hon. Marlon de Vrles to the
Honorable Secretary e.f the Treasury, calling
attention to the quarantine station si An*«*l
Island and requesting that additions be made
to the equipment of that port. It l«elns con
sidered that the present facilities are inade
quate, I have to enclose herewith for your
Information a copy of the estimates which will
be transmitted to Congress at the next session
for the Improvement of this station.
Ki-tlmates have been, from time to time, sub
mitted and appropriations requested with a
view to inaklnK this station equal In equip
ment to any In the l.'nlted Stales, and the
bureau Invites your co-operation In the matter
of attaining this end. I will be pleaded If you
will take an Interest In this matter and
throuKh your Senators and Representatives In
Congress urge upon the Committee on Appro
priations the necePFlty for granting In full the
appropriations requested in this estimate.
The bureau fully appreciates the necessities
of this station and earnestly desires that it
'hull be equal in equipment to any In existence.
Respectfully. WALLER WVMAN.
Surgeon General. M. H. R.
Estimate for Fan Francisco Quarantine Sta
tion—lmprovements of station (Iron pier or
floating disinfecting plant). $100,000: electric
lfKht plant. 110,000; additional accommodations
for cal.in pnwneers. $10,000; water system,
$"(ViO; jrradlnp. Improving and fenrlng grounds.
Ji^OO; heating apparatus, $2000: extension of
disinfecting and isolation buildings, WOO; dis
infecting and laundry appliances, $1200; total,
$137,000.
Boers' Champions to Talk.
Roer sympathizers held a final prelimin
ary meitinß to complete the arrangements
for their llsiai IMWltinf <"'t Utl Mission
infj. T. F Barry wielded
rin- gavel and one Van Paagen read ■
which fairly bristled with invec
tivi- against Great Britain and wound up
ing that war would not have
red if "Lord" Gladstone were
alive. The audience was ■ cosmopolitan
one. toniprisiiiß Dutch. Germans, 11. ■;-
Kians. Irishmen, in fact every nationality
■ ■ and Bngllsh whs repre
! It was finally decided to hold the
meeting at Metropolitan Temple on
the evening of Thursday, November 23.
Colonel John P. Irish. James H. Harry
and others will address the audience on
the trouble! of the Boers. Resolutions
expn -Miiir sympathy have been prepared
and will i" presented.
The King of Hearts
On the new, fancy playing ranis Is Admiral
Dewey: other face cards represented by other
American heroes. These elegant cards are ob
tainable only by sendlnc ten 2-cent stamps to
Malt-Nutrlne Dept.. Anheu»er-Busch Hrewlnn
Aw«'n.. St. Limits. V. S. A. The finest ever
produced. Send for pack at once.
Grand Jury Drawn.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— A Grand Jury was
drawn to-day in the presence of the three
Superior Court Judges. It is to report on
December 31. A. Greenlnger was named
as foreman. Judge Ltorlgan Instructed
the body as to its duty. Nothing more
than an Inspection of the county offices
and institutions Is expected. The follow
ing comprise the jury: Barney Elwood,
contractor, Alameda; J. R. Norton, San
Jose; E. H. Miner, merchant, San Jose;
Thomas Fowler, merchant, Gilroy ; F. H.
Babb, orchardlst, Campbell: Eugene
Knickerbocker, merchant, San Jose: Karl
Klein, agent, San Jose; Byron Mlllard.
stationer, Ban Jose; \V. A. Clark, real
estate agent. Mountain View; W. H.
Mantz, orchardlst. San Jose; \V\ C. Ham
ilton, manufacturer. San Jose; J. S. Mock
bee, capitalist, Mayflcld: Oscar Promls,
merchant. San Jose; A. Greenlnger, man
ufacturer, San Jose; Lyman U. Bare,
orchardlst. Willows: Miles li- H. .Ulster,
merchant, Alviso: John Ryan, manufac
turer, San Jose; G. A Notley. wood 'deal
er. Crandallville; G. Y. Bollinger. farmer,
San Jose.
AL NEILL
BUSHXRLIi PHI >To.
BOXERS MEET
IN SPIRITED
CONTESTS
First Exhibition of Columbia
Athletic Club Replete With
Hard Hitting.
The initial boxine exhibition of the Co
lumbian Athletic Club was held in its
gymnasium. Golden Gate avenue, near
Market street, last niKht. Five eißht
round bouts were on the card and pro
vided an overflowing measure of sport for
lance. . >• n were no
knockouts, but in two of the bouts m?n
were imable to continue thrir efforts.
ha\inp fought themselves to k standstill.
The attendant-. • taxed the capacity of
tli<- hall, every point of vantage being
Oiled with the admirer? of boxlnp.
The bouts were all of equal merit, al
thoush Charles Victors and Eiddle Toy
Wi '■ liLlled as the stars, their nanw
ln^ printed on the advertising )>osters In
larger type than thOSl Of Th. ..ther at!i-
They went to the limit of oißht
munds and the decision of the Jadgi 1
was that it was a draw. Toy was clearly
the better boxer ard scored the greater
number of clean Hows. V*tck< rs was the
more agirrei I ■' two, bul his i.e^t
effort was in keeping Toy's n> ..-,.• bleeding
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Tuesday. November 21, 1899.—Thirty
eighth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
A Miurnv Pn-cidlnK Judge. J. IV FBRC
J.
B
FERGUSON— Starter.
46 nR8T BACB su furlonps; selllns; two-year-old*; purse. 1400.
i n<-ttin«r.
ndex. Horn. W. i»;ht ?t. Mm. 4m. *m. Ptr. Fin. | Jockeys.
IC3 Rachel C 104 3 ... 2 2 11 14 1 4 T. Burns 6-5 2
217 Mandamus 101 ; 8 ... s 72 th 24 Morse « 12
331 Jolly Briton 101 1 ... 71 34 SI 34 Ponder 10 12
2Cfi Elbe 101 6 ... 14 61 41 42 Olvens 10 12
316 Klckumbob 1M 4 ... 44 4 1 62 54 'liullman 3 6-2
... Steel Diamond Ill 3 ... 6 h 8 «1 6 1 T. Walsh 10 15
310 HeRinald Hughes. ..101 2 ... 8 h 2 4 7 3 7 10 Phelan 15" 20
(£6) I>anlel 101 7 ... 6 4 6 1 8 8 J. Martin 3 3
, Ttme-i 4 . dMi: 4. :5H4; %. l:l f H. Oood start. Won easing up. Second an.l third
Ing. Winner. Burne & Waterhouse's b. f.. by Kinglike-Ralndrop.
When riKi-.t winner If n clever filly. Mandamus came from away back. Elbe had early
had no speed.
110, Baeetto 101.
r»^4"JT SECOND ItACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; Turs*. $3^).
I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Ace. Weight. St. Vim. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. On. Cl.
... Naramax. 4 10411 ... 12 14 14 13 T. Burns ; 1-3 1-4
341 Rlrardo. a 109 3 ... 8 2 21 22 24 Bullman 4 5
2C0 Wild Hot. 4 .11 ... 2 3 32 33 3 1 W. Nurvaez... 50 lOrt
... Tom <'ulv.-rt. 4 103 8 ... 8 1 7 4 4 2 4 2 TV.stel IS 30
... Jockey Bill. 4 100 4 ... 6 1 «3 54 6 6 Henry bo 100
205 rHorfoot. 4 10816 ... 42 48 73 62 Conley CO ]..,
... Tempo. 4 l'>5| 6 ... 9 8 4 IM 7 4 J. M.irtln 20 25
... Arte.ia B. 4 1031 9 ... 6h 64 8 10 IIS •' - Weber f.0 100
62 Bertha Mo. S IO**>| : ... 7 h 9 9 9_^ O'Brien CO 150
Time— u. :?'>*«: H. :51H: K. 1:1S4. Good start. Won ea.«tng up. Second easily. Third
drlvlnp. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's hr. m., by Imp. Maxlm-Napa.
Winner ouicla.mted her company. Ulcardo rnn consistently. Tom divert, away poorly,
ran a pood race. Artesla much speed In false breakaway: she ■■ ver'- erratic.
Scratched— Vishun I'"'. Tlmeni;i l 106. Isabelle 109. Colonel Root 109.
O^O TH!!;I> RACE— Futurity course; all ages; purse. $350.
H-.rs». Ape. Weight. St. Mm. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. '< >p. ' n!
... Bendoran. 6 1:: I ... 12 13 14 18 Spencer 1-5 1.7
32T. Oampun. 3 1«1 ... 3 10 2 4 22 If E.Jones ;o 30
2"4 Hallle Goodwin. 6... 107 I ... 2 li 34 33 3 4 IBulJman .... r» 03
(336) Kin* Carnival, 3. ..117 6 ... 6 5 4 4 4 2 4 1 , .T. .• Weber 5 *7
231 Silver Matd. 5 M 4 ... 4 4 6 8 I 12 5 10 |ltaneh ],.', 100
333 Silver State, a iu| 6 ... 6 6 « 6 IT Hum. 30 CO
Time- To H. :22: to 4. :4SU; last H. 1:03; short m, 1:13. Good start. Won In a ralloo
Second easing up. Third driving. Winner, W. U. Jennings' ch. h.. by Imp. Sir Mod red-
Imp. Ornn.
Bendoran Knllnped and pulled up lame. Jones on Campus outrode Bullman astride Sallle
Goodwin. King Carnival away badly.
O^O FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs: two-year-olds; purse. $3'X).
Index.
n r •
Weight. St.
Um.
4m.
*m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
'H-ttlnir.
Op. ci.
310 Sliver Tall 110! 3
231 AborlKine 110 4
Ml Bamboulla IIS 6
31G Giro 113 7
::,0 The Echo 110 2 .
in Choteau 113 5
2-13 Slsquoc 105 8
III Summer 113 1
11« Foligno 107 9
21: El Arte 115 •
• • •
2 h
4 2
•1 h
3 2
6 1
8 4
? :
54
9
2 1
4 1
1 2
I 1
I 2
7 1
8 C
< 4
9
3 1
2 u
1 4
4 I
62
7 2
8 in
6 li
I
1 1) Spencer ( 13
2 h Thorpe 5 g
8 2 T. Burns 2 5-2
4 3 IBullrnan 3 4
6 2 E. Jones 6 8
6 I W. Narvaez... 5 5
7 4 Ifnwltt jo SO
8 13 IBonger 10 9
9 I Joe Weber .... 20 M
... IConley 20 4'}
•Left. 7 "
Time V :1S: *. :3TU: S. 1:034. Good start except El Art*. Won cleverly. Second and
third drl\!r.r Winner. O. W. Baldwin ■ ch. g.. by Emperor of Norfolk-Seven Up
A gallop for the winner. Bamboulla stopped. Choteau should have been clog, r un Rum
mer. heavily played, showed no speed. v - oam '
Scratched-Hdalla 115. A Henna 115.
— — — " ■ ■ - - . -
QgQ FIFTH RACE-Miie and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
Purse,
Index. Horne. Age. Weight ft.
Urn*
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. ci.
(SIS) Morlnel. 4
283 Dr. llernays. 4 mi 2
SS* Meadowthorpe 5... Ill 3
835 Billy McClority I <
1 3
2 1
SI
4
1 2
2 S
I 2
4
1 3
2 2
3 4
4
1 S
2 S
3 4
1 S
2 5
3 1
4
Bullman 6-5
Songer 1
T. Burns 5.2
IsVnry so
8-5
8-5
M
60
Tlme-i-i«. : o7; .1-16. :32U: »-l«. M] W-K. 1:24V mile, in-,; i M 8n% Oood .tart
Won eaMng up Second and third driving. Winner. M. Stum's b m ' 1
N. thing ul.le t , extend the winner. " * 'reuo-smnilt.
&Ol« >IXTH RACK-Seven furlongs; wiling; three-year-old, and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. «m. 4m. %m. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op U 'a'
31". Judge Wofford, 3.. ..106*1 2 2 2 1 2 8 1 n 1 J nullman "a c
(255) Monrovia, a 103 3 Ih 12 1% 23 23 T Ilurn- -i A
337 Jennie Reid 3 104 2. 3 4 4 1 3 1 3 4 3 3 J.' MarMn 3*2 I
... Schanken. I . 1O» 4 64 68 42 4 4 46 Conlev %5 r2
3*0 Paversham, 3 109 j 6 4h 3D C6 II It Iruu ,* A
227 Anchored, 3 ""m\ '■ 6 6 6 «_ 6_ iPoster:.::;.::: » 3 ii
. Tln A*-^.>:l3: V :SS%: *i..VM: •». 1:31. Bad start. Wen easily. Second and third driv
in«. Winner. T. E. McLaughlln's b. g.. by Itlley-Jennle Treacy. cccona ana * ™ dr } v *
The Judge Improves with age. Monrovia did her best. Jennie Reid cut off on backstretch
Faversham, away badly, showed speed and then dropped out of It. McH.trettn.
Index. Horse.
Age. Weight. St.
Mm.
DEAD HEAT
IN HURDLE
HANDICAP
Judges at Bcnnington Unable
to Separate McFonso and
Governor Griggs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.-The hurdle
handicap race of a mile and thrce-quart
ver seven hurdles was the feature
at Bennlngs to-day. The Onlsh was one
of the best ever seen in a Jumping race,
, IfcFonso and < '<o\ ernor •
I und.-r the wire in a dead heat, with
, Charagpuw a nose behind them an.l Julius
Caesar, the favorite, just a neck in the
rear. Noi ■ single favorite to*day re
deemed the hope reposed in him by his
backers.
The stewards of the dub. after Investi
gating Mrlnerny's rid.- on Bibley In a
j steeplechase on Saturday last, have taken
up his lie. -use for 1 1 1 i ?- meeting ai
recommend t^ th>- National Hunt I
Steeple* has.' \- ■• lation that t!i- same be
revoked. Results:
six (urleogs, handicap— Lady Lmdsey won,
Juilkp Wardell seeunl, L. Allouette third. Time
1:1. I
Five furlongs -Allaire won. Klsle Skip see
on.l. Jamaica third. Time, |
Hurdle handicap, mil.' and three-quartf>r>«,
over seven hurdles— M
Crimes dead heat, <hara«iace third. Time.
'■*■--
Six furlonK!>-r;<.H..n Rattlo won. All Gold
1 Magic Uklh third. Tim.-. I:1C
Cine mlli- anrl n slxteentn ' >ur >." . ■ 1 ; i *» won.
Hold Up second, l?anK'>r third. Tlrm-,
In the fifth round both men were weak
from Utelr violent exertions.
The bout between Jack Collins and Kid
J"hnson, the tlrsi brace "f ip>\.-rs t.> ap
pear, ended abruptly in the fifth round,
wii.-n Collins' second* threw up the
sponpe. Kor some time before the *nd
Collins showed sisns of haviof
enough of the Rame and was falling to
avoid pupishnvnt.
Joe Long and Hilly Toy boxed the limit
of eight rounds, the farmer receiving; the
decision fpim the judges, in the thin!
round the ni<n (ought desperately
being knocked down repeatedly. For ;i
time each seemed In danger ol pomp out,
aa both were bard hitters and land.-d re-
I>< .it. d .
Bob Armstrong and Kid Dobson, two
colored boxers, furnished the Incidental
divertisement in the programme, ■
eight spirited rounds. Both w
down without s>-ri..us damage. Th<
est tither of them came to b.lnp injured
was when Armstrong plunged headlong
into one "f tii" rini Lklng it I i
the foundation. The blow would kill an
ordinary man. bur did not affect him.
The nearest approach to a knock mt was
in the bout between Charlei I
Charles Tliurst.ni. Neither !s a skillful
but in the fourth round Ti
landed whenever be tried and dai
oppom rit. nine sec
onds and soon after reclined "ii the ropei
Kr"m the numl>. r of new boxen lr.trn
dured by James Murphy, master of cere
moni- - R willing to ni<-,-t any one
of th- .: • . ' must
he the Mecca ol i loi • II •i . ■•--• •! l<.>x-
Jnp talent. J. J. McGlnl< in ac
ceptable referee
JEFFRIES AND CORBETT SIGN.
Matchod for a Fight to Occur in Sep-
tember of Next Year.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— James j. Jef
fries and James J. Corbect w< re 'his
afternoon matched to n^ht a twenty-five
ronud (jo. 01 to a finish. If the ;.-tw per
mits, on or about Bept< mu-r i"> n>-xt. Ti?o
tlKht will be under Q rry rules.
BENDORAN
ENJOYS A
CAKEWALK
Downed a Cheap Field in
Rag- Time — Still Suffers
From Gout.
Perfectly at home nmonp the secluded
Bet Of the last, the big chestnut
Hendoran mu^t have smiled as he gal
to the post In the third event at
Oakland yesterday. Introduced on his r> -
appearance to such plebeians a-: Campus.
Hallk' Goodwin and King Carnival, his
reputation was naturally not engendered.
At prohibitive odds be made a gallop of
it, winning in a grin from Campus. Th.'
winner limped back t.« tbe paddock, but
- no new wrinkle, 1 !•• •■.
afflict* .1 with the gout bi ■
A drizzling rain fell at intervals, and
the track was In very .-loppy condition.
First choices were in better form, tak
ing all inn two of the events decided.
edlng in the b.-ttinj; from •; to '< t..
twos Rachel c, the Burns <fc Waterhouso
lilly, won the opening sprint for tWO
ilds in clever style from Mandamus.
.in outsider. Klt>.' i plenty of
•■-1 1. l>ui failed to lust, losing the show
to Jolly Briton.
The Bchorr stable scratched Tim«
maker, and Napamax mad.- a cant.-r ■>!
the >i.\ furlong dash following. The rins;
bad a verj dose price »p |Mt the mar.-,
which led Ricardo over the line eased up.
Wild Het. a 100 to l shot, ran In -•
position for several panels, Anally last
• long enough to down Tom Cal
.»rt for sh.«w honors. There was a te
dious delay at the post in this i
The fast ttme Silvi-r Tall starUnl, whU h
was down at Tanforan. the chestnut
youngster must have be.-n .-ei/..-.i with
thumps, for his r.i. • was a poor one.
•lay he placed the fourth number
to the credit of George Baldwin, trudging
through the slop like a gay cavalier, at
Odds Of li and J" to ]. Spem-er sat on his
back, and it was no effort for him to dts
t Aborigine at the wire. Ram
buulia. the favorite, retired from first to
third plaep.
Still keyed to concert pitch apparently,
game little Morlnel, the best of all the
: Morello, led from start
to finish in the mile and a sixteenth run.
Equal favorite in the betting with It
Bernays. sh>- led that hon»e p;u»t the
Judges tlve open kngths. Meadowthorpc
was never a contender.
No doubt the • breik the books
bad .Hi «l ; i > was when Judge \v.>fford. an
outsider, finished I Monrovia. Jen
nie i'.et,i and Kaversham. all heavily
i to win the closing seven furlong
affair. The latter horse wa.s psuni
and a poor start aided his downfall. I
to..k .Monrovia away in the load. but. <]■•
spite vigorous kicking on the. part
ri.ler. Vvofl .* leisure. The win
ner wi 10 to 1 Kaver
sham, after making a fine run down thi
st rti-ken with heart
failure three furlongs from the. wire.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are to-day's entries:
Kinst race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
... Santello 117 M 3 Fiero lit
211 Tourist II 104 341 Major Cook ....l^*
240 Alaska 109! 238 Florence Fink... lit
231 The Offering ...104! 20S ml Traveler.. 122
Second race— Seven furlongrs; purse: all ages.
263 Rojormonde ....MO 342 Los Medanoa 108
223 Una Colorado... 107 1
Thirl race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purse.
336 1 mo 1041 221 Torslda 104
S3:> Ostler Joe K>7| 2.'6 Kootenal 93
(242)(iauntlet 103 1 342 I . .r.Krnuxt'-r .. ..l"-i
345 Adam Andrew. .lo7 330 White Fern 99
■."-> Sylvan Lmm .... ki,
Fourth race— Six furlong-s; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
210 Shollnc IW| Si* Whaleback 101
n;:> Flamaway I>>4 341 Isabelle ... io-j
344 H!sh Hoe 1W 323 Torlblo 11,
ZSS I>are II 1121 320 Dolore 1W
90 Good Hope 1041
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-nMs and upward; selling.
... Peace Ift4l 321 Sly m
(MS) Pal a!orrU»ey...l(K>!  . ..1 I «;.|.a, : ...
Sixth rare— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; purse.
24R Foutoso 931 ... Imp. Mistral 11.107
.:.-uma 11l ... San Venado 107
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First race— Santello, Tourist 11. Major Cook.
Second race— .-".irmonde. Lo« M^lanos.
Third race— Ostler Joe. Gauntlet. Ringmas
ter.
Fourth race— Cood Hope. Dare 11, High Hoe.
Fifth race— Pat Morrissey. -:>-. Peace.
Sixth race— Satsumn, Festoso. San Venado.
FOUGHT FOR OPINIONS.
Bookmaker and Machinist Come to
Blows Over a Difference of Views.
George Oxnard, a bookmaker, and Jo
>• ph Ryan, a machinist in the employ of
the PacMV Bheet Metal Works, were be
fore J'i'it;-' Mogaa yesterday, livint: cvi
- of the fad that differ
opinion whlcta exist In regard to I
Iso U id to "scraps." Oxruir.
Ryan had a little one last Sunday morn
well street, which ended with
the arrest of both for mixing It with each
other.
About !• o'clock that morning both men
were riding on the dummy or a Powell
street car, one on each sue. A* th<
lout to cross Geary street the grip
man slowed down In fear of running Into
. ii about t> cross The sportinK In
stincts of Oxnard led him to belle
grtpman could make a garrison iini-h and
beat out the wagon.
"Go It!" he shouted to the Rrlpman
"You <an ret ai ross before that fellow."
Ryan, who was formerly a u-..r
naturally sided with the effort of t!.
on the wagon, and hi was no\ slow to • \
press umbrage ai OsnardTs remarks. They
exchanged dena "s the dummy
and were ntitl volcinK desires to punch
each other's heads when Post stre.
reached. With one Impul*** both men
alighted and were makiiiK good I
tb< ir ftsts when arrested.
In court yesterday e :i( h man claimed to
be the RRgrieved party and to have re
celved the Brst blow. The court d<
thai oxii.ir.l. who wears glasses, should
be dismissed. He reserved his decision in
Ryan I ease until this morning.
FOOTBALL SQUABBLES.
Quarterback Ellis on the Gridiron of
Amateur Status.
The Tniv. California eleven 1-= in
a qnandan o< doubt and uncertain*
ii is all ov.r the quarter-back «>r the
team, BUia. WO! be play on Thanksgiv
ing day or not? That is what is troubling
their inind> at pr> ent.
At the last meeting of the Pacific Ama
tcur Association the question of Ellis*
amateur standing was brought up before
that body. and the conclusion was that
Ellis did not have the status of a good
amateur under the laws of the American
Athletic Union, and therefore could not
mingle with hln confreres without con
taminating their athletic constitutions.
When this was announced a shout went
up at Berkeley condemnatory of the coast
association and a counter peal at Palo
Alto which deified the actions of the ath
letic censors.
Ellis was formerly an Instructor of gym
nastics at the University of Nevada, and
this, as the Pacific Amateur Association
declares, unfits him for such a purely
amateur contest as the Intercollegiate
football game. In their eyes he Is a pro
fessional. The offense is, however, slight
and the Pacific Amateur Association nan
passed a counter resolution to its first,
which exonerates all those who may
play with or against Ellis from ■ profes
sional conduct.
As the matter now stands It rests with
Manager Berry of Stanford to determine
whether Ellis will play or not. If he
withdraws his opposition California will
play Ellis. If be holds out against him
it Is very likely that Ellis will have to be
withdrawn.
■ ♦ ■
In a mine near Butte. Mont., live hun
dreds of cats who have never seen th*
light of day. ne
&Ast I
SOCIALISTS
DOWNED THE
REPUBLICANS
Indoor Easeball i hat Was
Exciting and Inter-
esting.
Umpire "Jack" Gleason was nearly
mobbed at the Olympic Club last night by
nine athletic Indoor baseball players. '
Gleason's decisions in a number of In
stances did not satisfy the rival Repub
lican and Socialist nines, and on two oc
casions he was surrounded and made to
reverse himself. Gleason declares that
hereafter he will occupy a scat in the gal
lery and watch the contests.
Some torrid ball was put up by both
trams last niirht and spectators had
enough heart thrills to ."tjflice them for n
month. The Socialists we>n a hard-farm-d
victory after nil Inning* of aensatlonnl
ball by a score of 11 to ». "Jack" Cun
ningham essayed the role of a pitcher
with sail results, lie was batted all over
the gymnasium and gave more men bases
on balls than could be noted down by
Official Scorer Stapleton. Captain James
proved himself a hot l wirier, holding the
opposing batters down to a f«»w hits. Fol
lowing is the line-up and score:
Republicans Positions. Socialists.
J. Cunningham Pitcher. O. Jam-*
G. Follansbce Catcher .. W. CaMweller
I. Tait Flr?t buse W. Fray
<". Leach Second base Al Rtrmi*
A. Taylor Thirl base E. Connellr
H. Wilder Rljrht Shortstop H. Cobb
E. Iloyle Left Shortstop D. Harrtn-m
C. Murphy Right t>M C. TOrhain
J. Hooper Left Held J. Eager
Score: Socialists 11. Republicans 9.
IMMENSE SALE OF
FOOTBALL TICKETS
College Men Scramble to Get the Best
Seats for the Big Thanksgiv
ing Game.
BKRKKT.KV. Kov. -1— Tickets for Iks
Stanford-California football (tame went
on sale at the university this aft. -
The managers report a very heavy sale,
tho money that changed hands during tho
first hour mounting up to some thousands
of do.
There was the. usual scramble on tho
part of th- college men to secure the be:«t
places. Although the ticket ofllco did not
open till after 1 o'clock this afte-rnoon
several of the students, despite tho In
clemency of the weather braved the night
air and lined up at the doors as early an
3 o'clock this morning. From that hour
on, through the cold and mud and heavy
rain they via! 1 , patiently In order to
make sure of the most covete-d places on
he big tiers of seats erected for tho
Thanksgiving crowd. By 'J o'clock the ltno
numbered nearly a hundred, and as tho
time for beginning college exercises ap
proacheel the numbers grew until alm"*t
five hundred were clamoring to get
through th. eloors. Each student was
limited to four tickets. Tho sale will be
continued from to-day on at th<« Co
operative Society's store in North Hall
VARSITY TEAM WINS.
University of Oregon Eleven Defeats
Ashland Normal.
ASHLAND, Or.. Nov. 21.— The football
wme to-day between the University ot
Oregon and the Ashland Non School
teams resulted in i score of 23 to 0 in
favor of the former. The 'varsity team
played a brilliant pam»». Ooo«l Individual
plays by Ashland but poor team work was
•^uponsiblo for the result. The grand
stand, containing several hun<lr*><l pe«»j>le*.
pave vCny during tho game, but fortunate
ly no one VMM s«*riounly hurt.
Forty-Eight Hour Race.
KANSAS CITT, M hint: Is
In reafilnej"* for t(
cycle r;i< •• for tho cham|
\v!:iii! j.^ r.i opt ■ |
to-morrow. Thf men will rl<
seentlve hours a day. »■• -
th.- afternoon. Tl
entries. Including Charles \\ M
Chicago, i!h \'. :
tance rider.
ABDICATES A THRONE.
What the Wedding of the King of
Mosquito Means.
KINGSTON. Jumaica. Nov. -The
wadding of former Prince Clarence II oC
the Mosquito Territory and Irene Mor
rlce took nine* to-elay.
By contracting: thin alliance, which Is
thoroughly morj;anatic. the former Mos
quito Klnj?. according to the laws of his
country, not only disinherits his heir, but
politically and technically, if pot unu«r
present conditions, virtually abdlcatC3 hU
shadowy throne.
Only Seven Jurors Sworn.
NEW TORX, Nov ji._The
w. . k of the trial of Roia
.y with ■even jur.vr-. in th«
box and nt the adjournm
was ."till seven, no juror
during t:,.
defense challenged ■
. grounds, for
tlal evidence or the ,
trial will be contin
Emulsions
Cod Liver Oil Emulsions are
designed to build up the system
and increase the weight. To
be active and perform its proper
duty the emulsion should be
fresh. Should it stand for a
long time its sure to become
stale and rancid, and very
indigestible.
Dr. Ira Baker's Pihtible
Emulsion of Cod Liver Oil
with Hypophosphites, Lime
and Soda is a very reliable
remedy for pulmonary diseases,
coughs colds and general
debility. It i* made fresh,
strong and active in our labora-
tory, three times a week and
is guaranteed to contain 50 per
cent more pure cod liver oil
than any other preparation.
Three bottles for $2. 75c
Scott's Emulsion usually sells
for It, Here it is 75c
' Angler's Emulsion sells regu-
larly for $1. Our price -85c
Frw delivery to railroad point* wlt&hi
100 mile* on orders of $5 m up.
JPm^ 1128 MARKET ST.
f*W*a^-xJS SAM rKtNCHO
10th and BROADWAY.ONE DAY'S STORIES OF UNHAPPY WOMEN
SHE SAYS HER
HUSBAND WAS
CHARMED AWAY
Albert D. Crow Badly
Wanted.
LED ASTRAY BY HIS NURSES
PLEADINGLY ASKED TO RETURN
TO HIS HOME.
Mrs. Crow Thinks All Will Come Out
Well W He
Brought With Him Is
Spent.
■ w. an encineer
t
i
I •
I
:
I
Two wrecks aKo Crow left Jmmestown
for San Francisco, accomi s-njeci by two
curfcts. Mis-s Sorenstui u!»i Mrs. K rainier
of Sonoru. He had been in a railroad
vreck ami thvie were a few bre*k« In h;s
tn&tomy that nt-edtd raendinff. v> he tle
cld«-J to cunie to iiun Fra:.c;>c>< ar.il heal
the M-ar>. Arriving In tM-s city he took
room* ;it the Lick Huuse t«r btmself ;ind
oursts. Accordit.s 10 the wit*. ihe*e fair
attendants exerted Bi«* an mrluencj over
btr hus-t-an.l that h«- has forprotteo home
tkziii family. Mrs. Crow tays that Mr
Crow is will ;crs>l now. at kast well
enoußti to riturn home and fall into the
«v«r>day ifv.or of his former life. She
wrote !■> him. he ezmv not. Finding
that letter* were inefflcanous she- dtter
xninod to nart out in person and visit him
with the fol«» intent tq free him from the
«'iles of hi.s charruera.
-
.
; Crultf'il
:
■
I
Aitht.uirh Mrs. Crow has not been sue
cessfal i:» drawing her husband back to
Jnmwtown, she does not despair entirely,
llefuge Is poupht in the knowledge that
the money which hrr husband brought
wish him will sK>on be dissipated and he
will thon listen to h«-r pleaiiings and
return t<> the quiet seclusion of their home
In Jamestown.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEASONABLE HINTS.
Guard Your Health in Fall and Early
Winter.
A rhnr.g<» from warm to cold is always
attended with more danger than from a
cold to a warm temperature, henco the
greater mortality from lung and throat
oinases at this season of the year as
comrared with spring. •
The Ko*t protection against colds is not
«o much in extra clothing as la good
dlfjestioxb
If th»- digestion and circulation are good
colJs will be unknown.
Poor dlgrestion causes poor circulation
of the blood ar.d when in this condition
severe colds are contracted oa tho Bllght-
est provocation.
. IVople who make a regular practice of
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after
rr.«-a!s art free from colds, simply because
th«-ir digestion is perfect, the heart strong
nr.d regular, and the whole system fortl-
fied against disease.
It r**cjulre« little argument to convince
any one that the best safeguards against
colds, pneumonia and changes of tem-
perature is a good stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals ar<» dissolved, and mingling with
th« food cause it to be promptly digested
and assimilated; they do this because
they contain nothing but harmless diges-
tive elements, which digest meat, eggs
ar.d other food even when the- stomach it-
t • :f !s weak and flaccid.
Stuart's Dypp^psia Tablets make people
well and keep them well, and the best
babit you can acquire is to make daily
tine of them at meals to keep the digestive
organs Etxor.g and vigorous.
INVEST
IN THE
TAR CANYON OIL CO.
SHARES »■(>■? EACH.
This property Is located In th«
celebrated Kreynhagen District.
and Is surrounded by producing
wells.
The Mining Bulletin of ISM says:
There are seepages of heavy
tarry oM in Tar Canyon.
Booming will soon commence and
price of stock will advance as work
progresses.
NO ASSESSMENTS. NO SAL-
ARIES.
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT.
PROSPECTUS FREE,
INVESTIGATE.
DIRECTORS*
JAMES A. WILSON President
G*r. nullder»" Exchanc*.
P. A. HF.RGEnOT Vle« PruUJent
Pr« Hoard of Education.
O. R. OIBSON Seemarr
Sec. Or.tral Hardware and Supply Co.
TV. I. imonECK Treasurer
A«*t f'tty and County Attorner.
HON. RANK McOOWAN
Ex-State Senator
7th Hoor, Crocker Building r. 142-143.
I'HONE MAIN OH.
SJJ^^Thc best of oil. {&
jj&jr for Biliousness. Jt#
£& Dyspepsia and all >(%?
m Stomach Disorders^fljr
y Leading r.l^^a^^if /%
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters \
f- A ClU£A*< Ki^biCliiATlVJ^, tNVIUUKx>
tor and Nenrtae.
li^e i., «l wesderful aphrodl»t».e »nd np^-i.i
Toclc for th* triu.l Organ* of both •exes
Th* Mexican Keaedy for I)lM>aa«-i of th* Kid-
«-<>• and Bladder. Bell* en lv own Marlta
NADER, ALFa * IIBU.NB A««nta.
S3 Market itiwt. to. F.— (Scad tor Circular.)
YOUNG WOMAN
WHIPPED BY A
WRATHY WIFE
Climax of an Alameda
Scandal.
• Mve letter
■
■ suited
-ehold
tor Indiscreet W
the r.
The -nan has a prominent
•■ .!••.! by ..
•■ sirs V mtl Her eyes
' mai ( onditir.n an.J
• Ilss Hui
■
ipled a beautiful
■ ■
SAYS "HUBBY" WOBKS LIGHTS TOO STRONG.
fft r» RS. MILDRED RIAL.TO. who
//\/\ resides a- 8008 Webster street.
II Ik v» F*or<» out a ■warrant yestcr
''day in Police Court No. 1
eharjrinp her husband. Julius
H. Rialto. a theatrical painter, with
listurblni? her peace.
As mipht be Inferred from such a
proceeding, the Rlalto* are not in har
mony. In fact, they have been llvinff
apart for some months. Before the
reparation, however, they both made
their livelihood by the stage. Mrs.
Rialto Is a dancer and needs calcium
lights in her business. Rialto. in order
to keep as much ns possible of the sal
ary in the family, manipulated the
slides and worked the "Klim" <>n his
wife as she pllded through the ser
pentine or did poses plastl<jn<? in all
the colors of the theatrical rainbow.
Whether or not he objected to the
fact that his wife always had the
center of the stage is not known. They
disagreed, and Mrs. Rialto packed her
beloneir.KS and took up her residence
at SOCB Webster street. She told the
warrant clerh yesterday that she be
lieved her husband was Kettinff flighty
and In support of her statement re
could be until the winsome \\ Una crossed
the threshold. The husband fought her
company and neglected his wife. Miss
Hurd Is charged with t-ncouraging him
In his attentions and laughing at the pro
tests of Mrs. Monti.
Their love affair became so notorious
that the gossips of Ahuneda learned of
11 and for a time it proved one of the
most salacious morsels that they had to
roll about their tongues. Their comments
and the publicity that followed forced the
Monti family to move to this city, where
the wife hoped her husband would be
beyond the captivating Influence of his
Alameda love. For a while Mrs. Monti
congratulated herself upon winning back
her erring spouse and never suspected
that he and Miss Hurd were as thick as
ever until he was taken sick. And then
cajne the telltale letter. -■■'■
While Monti was being nursed back to
health by his devoted wife Miss Hurd
called at their home on Stockton street,
near Filbert. Sho did not see Monti— she
made no request to— but she left a note,
which act subsequently proved to be one
of the most disastrous of her fashionable
career. Monti read the epistle, smiled
when he thought his wife was not looking
and contemptuously curled up his lips
when he caught her glancing in his direc
on He tore the letter Into very small
pieces and cast them on the floor, but
th»-y did not escape the vigilant eye of
the wife and her mother-in-law. whose
sympathies had gone out to her. When
tne room was swept the next day not a
piece of that letter was lost. A pastepot
and patience did the rest. Miss Hurd
had written words of burning love and
recalled pleasant moments she had
passed with Monti. If Miss Hurd had
written no more all might have been
passed over, hut her self-admiration got
the better of her Judgment and she said
pleasant things about herself and some
very unpleasant things about Mrs. Monti.
The husband was given no intimation
that his secret was Known until he re
covered and prepared to return to his
work. That morning his wife packed up
his belonglngß and carried them out on
the street. Then, backed by her mother- i
in-law, she told Monti to go and stay
gone.
That same morning Mrs. Monti crossed [
the bay to Alameda. There was fire in |
her eye and determination in her de
meanor. After nearly a day's search she
located the residence of the woman whom
nhe accuses of breaking uti her home.
The Interview was short but exciting. ,
Miss Hurd boldly but unwisely declared
that she was in love with Monti and that
his affection for her was stronger than It ,
was for his wife. Mrs. Monti does not put
up a scratching and hair-pulling fight.
She struck out from the shoulder, and tho
very firs; blow landed on one of Miss
Hurd's eyes and put the optic out of use
'or many days. This was followed by a
«mack on the cheek that brought the
>each color. From all accounts it is there
vet and all ti • complexion that Mis*
Hurd has purchased has failed to oblit- I
•rate It For some minutes the fight was
'ast and furious and only stopped when \
he gay young Wllna took to her heels
md escaped the wrath of the wronged
vlfe.
Monti has moved to Alameda. presum
ibly to be near his Inamorata. Mrs. Monti ,
9 preparing to go to the home of her ,
nother-ln-law. She does not care If Monti
lever comes back.
COURT NOTES.
P. Hartman. who was fined 1100 by
Judge Treadwell for cruelty to his horse
and unsuccessfully appealed to the Su
perior Court. paid the tine Into Judge
Treadwells court yesterday morning.
James A. Snook, president of the San ■
Francisco Real Estate Investment Com- ;
pany, appeared In Judge Mogan's court
>esterdar on-eight charges oflr«»fnslng,tCL
erect standplj>cs and fire escapes on the '
school property, Market and Fifth streets, I
and by consent the case was continued
till to-morrow. t
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1899.
ANOTHER WIFE
OF ARLINGTON
COMES FORTH
She Is Mrs. Harriet
Turner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MM Broadway, Nov. 21.
Another alleged wife and victim of Ar
\rlinßton. the gay deceiver and ac
1 hypnotist of unsuspecting
P. «t August was sentenced
:nent by Superior Judge
Hall on conviction of having bunkoed
Mrs. Minnie M. Smith out of $215 under
Be that she v .. .-d as his
- • r. has suddenly appeared on
to demand an explanation from
tlif aged convict.
This latest victim Is a middle-aged
woman, who gives her name as Mrs. Har
riet Turner and her present occupation
■ ■ Minna 6treet. San
Francisco. st >• . • . ,: the «'ounty
Jail this and asked pennls
• 1 .i private Interview with Ar
\ ::i>, she declared. Is her hus
"l married this man Arlington at i»«
cited a few Instances of his behavior
Fincc her —■. i ration. She said that on
numerous occasions since Bhe had
moved to Webster street she had been
annoyed by Rialto. who seemed to be
possessed of the Idea that despite the
fact she had left him she still needed
his I riding hand on the calcium llßht.
On numerous occasions, Mrs. Rlalto
told the clerk, she had been awakened
in the dead of nlpht by unearthly
noises on the sidewalk in front of her
residence, only to open the window to
flnd her husband on the sidewalk with
four yean np<>," said the
tor t • , rter. "We were
; marriM l>> a German Lutheran minister.
Arlington gave his name as Charles
i Turner. At the time of our marriage I
• .. thousand dollars. My hu»
got hold of this, and what became
I have never been able to
i;t. 1 only know it is gone." Mrs.
Turner Intimated that the only reason she
ttend the trial of Arlington last
August was the fear of notoriety, which
lima ago." continued Mrs. Tur
ner. "I heard that one Lena Renner. on
t . San Francisco,
claimed to !•<■ the wife of Arlington. I
r ami hiie corroborated the ru
1 mor by openly declaring such to be the
a h.T marriage
certlft she toM me then that
. irried by contract; that Am
n at the tim* had said to her that
get rid of another wife h<?
jnty. anil that after
; he ha.l succeeded In that h»- would marry
Lena Renner In roper way. I have
no doubt that Arlington has other wives,
• but 1 do not wish to state whether I ln
.t.' him for bigamy. ZOV
Old only lead to a lot of un
■ nt notoriety, and the publication
ich a Btn.t<>mont mlpht prove .i dis
advantage to me. 1 would like to get my
m>ruy back, and I called at the County
Jail to Bee Arlington strictly on busi-
I monn DUSlneaß. H< married me
under a fictitious name. whl<-h I still go
1 by. 1 do not care to state how much
money he ohtalned from me. but It was
' When he marri.'.l me he
tented himself as a widower with
two children. Have I ever seen the chil
dren? Why. no. I never saw them in
my life, and I do not believe he had any."
i! tw'.-hstandlng the foregoing
Mat'-ment:-. Ju^t as soon ns Arlington
•:.. r- .-option room at the
County Jail, his visitor, no doubt spell
un.ler his hypnotic influence, wi.n
-lon of which jxiwer he has
been credited, threw her arms about his
and appeared to be in ecstacy on
meeting the convict, whose case is now
: al in the Supreme Court.
FLOOD SUED FOB DIVORCE.
Wife Alleges Failure to Provide — De
crees Granted and Suits Filed.
Noah F. Flood, at MM time principal of
the Spring Valley Grammar School, ora
tor and lawyer, has \<wr\ sued by his sec
ond Wife, Annie B. PI J. 'or a divorce.
Failure to provide Is alleged as cause of
action. Flood twenty years ago was num
among the moat prominent men of
His brilliancy and splendid
..p It was thought assured him a
substantial reward in life, and he mar
ried Miss Jenny Dunphy, a wealthy and
l.f.iutiful girl. Finally Flood's habits be
i MM :-uch that she separated from him
: ;uently secured a dlvorc--. Flood
married his present wife In IMS, and now
ll found the bonds of matrimony
with Flood irksome and has sued for legal
itlon.
Suits for divorce have also been filed
by Charles Jfllinek against Alice J. Jelll
nek, for int'uMity; William Morte against
rena Morte, for cruelty; Louis F.
Helstng against Adele Melsing, for de
sertion, and George F. Peppier against
Ella Peppier, for desertion.
Deereea of divorce have been granted
Sarah Wackenhuth from Robert wacken
huth on the ground of failure to provide,
Lizzie Shade from George W. Shade on
the ground of willful neglect. Ellen E.
Uphoff from Frederick W. Uphoff on the
ground 'if extreme cruelty. Louisa Fried
rlcii from A, H. Friedrlch on the ground
of cruelty, Annie Taylor from JoTin W.
Taylor on the ground of cruelty and Ja
cob Htrschler from Mary A. Hirschler on
the ground of Intemperance.
SAYS HIS BRIDE
OF FOUR WEEKS
DECEIVED HIM
Hasty Marriage Will
End by Divorce.
Oakland Office San frandsoo Call,
908 Broadway. Nov. 21.
Another hasty marriage has ttrmlnated
In sad disappointment and bitter separa
tion, and the details will shortly be re
lated In the divorce court by Charles P.
Butaatoo, wh<-> has brought suit against
Kveland P. E^glaston for an absolute
legal separation. Th«j ground on which
Bgcieston seeks a decree is cruelty.
Charles ESSBieston'fl matrimonial ven
ture proved a great surprise. "While on a
visit to friends In the Kast he met and
after a very short courtship took as his
bride the young woman he Is now suing.
The marriage took place in Kansas City
only last May. and from nil accounts the
happiness of the young BOUple was quite.
ti as the courtship, for within less
than one m'-nth Bggleston had left his
bride and returned to his home In this
city. Even then only a few of his closest
friends wre made aware <>f the fact that
he had become a benedict.
a powerful lantern, the rays of which
he turned "M her as stie appeared In
the window.
At other times, she said. s=he had been
considerably annoyed by the practice
Rlalto had of concealing hims*lf In
doorways a! >ng her route downtown,
popping out on her suddenly and. when
she ran to (ret away from him. hlowlnp
a police whistle to accelerate hor
moven ■
Mrs Hlalto sooks to have h<*r spouse
bound over to keep the peace and t'j
thmw his limelight in some other di
rection.
: According to the allegations in the di
' vorce complaint, prepared by Attorney H.
J. Tomblin. plaintiff had been married but
one short week when the groom realized
that he had been kt Ived by tho
young woman, who at the altar had
pr.'iniseri to be a faithful and dutiful wife.
In another week his realization of the sad
mistake of his lifetime became still mor.?
pronounced, and the young husband
! finally packed his trunk and left the
I bride.
The deception that he claims he discov
ered in the woman In whom he had placed
all his faith and happiness, says the plain
tiff, caused him *cre;it ment.il anguish, and
he asks for a decree <>f divorce, that
h<- may forget as BOOT) as possible what
seemed to him an unpleasant dream.
CARR ACCUSED OF
INHUMAN BRUTALITY
DENIED SLAPPING HIS DYING
WIFE'S FACE.
Judge Conlan Holds Him to Answer
Before the Superior Court on a
Charge of Manslaughter.
The preliminary examination of Thomas
J. Carr. laborer at the l'n!.»n Iron Works,
charged with manslaughter in connection
with the death of his wife, was concluded
before Judge Conlan yesterday, and h«
was held to answer before the Superior
Court, his bonds belnj,' lixed in $3000.
Lieutenant Anderson testified that when
he went to the house. 13 Michigan street,
to arrest Carr he was in the kitchen He
was brought to his wife's bedside and he
■aid:
"Polly. If you tell the lieutenant not to
take me away I will go to bed."
She replied:
"Tom. I won't. I want you taken away
so that I can die In peace.*'
At that time Carr did not deny slapping
his wife's face. Policeman Lewis cor
roborated the lieutenant and the prosecu
tion rested.
Attorney Curtis moved for a dismissal,
but the Judge denied the motion.
Mrs. Josephine Schwartz, a sister of
Mrs. Carr. was called for the defense She
testified that Carr provided well for his
family and she never saw him slap his
wife face. She did not know that Can
had disposed of a bottle of medicine in
stead of giving it to his dying wife Mrs
Mary Daly, a next-door neighbor: Will
iam Carr. a brother of the defendant and
Andrew Coakley. a grocer, testified that
Carr was good to his family in the way
of nro\id!ns for them.
The defendant took the stand and de
nied slapping his wife's face. He said her
mind was not sound at times before s'ie
died. He did not get angry because she
left the property to their son and not to
him. The Judsre said:
"I cannot accept the responsibility of
dismissing the case, and it will have to go
before a jury. 1 don't know if a Jury will
convict him. but In my opinion his wife's
de.ith was hastened by his Inhuman bru
tality."
Oil Company Incorporates.
BAN JOSE. Nov. 21. -The (lid Dominion
Oil Company wan Incorporated h*»re to
day with a capital stock of $100,ono The
actually BUbncrlb«»d capital Is |«2.5n0 Its
object Is to bore for oil. The office of the
corporation Is to bp In San Jose. Value
of the shares Is 85 each. Directors* for the
following year and the amounts they have
Hubsc-rlbed are: T. P. Spiers. San Jose
530.50n; T. F". A. Obermeyer. SJn.sno- Man?
Obermeyer. San Francisco, JSOOD H
Bryant. San Jose, 1500; B. B. Spiers San
Jose, |600.
"MASHERS" BET
DESERTS FROM
ANGRY FATHERS
Two Caught Insulting
Girls.
• —
BOTH MEN IN POLICE COURT
JTJXIUS RUFUS SENTENCED TO
A TEBM IN JAIL.
Judg« Mogan Continues the Trial of
Private Edward Hansen in
Order to Hear More
Testimony.
Two "mashers" were in the Police Court
yesterday to answer to the charttes of In
sulting yo-ir.g girls. Hoth were still suf
fering from the effects of sound thrash
ings administered by the fathers of their
victims. In addition one of the accused
was sentenced to ninety days In the Coun
ty Jail, ar.d the other seems to be in a
fair way also to receive the full penalty of
the law.
Julius Rufus, a barber, was the first of
the tribe to feel the fist of the father
and the hand of the law. Edward Hun
sen, a private in Company F, Forty-s- ond
Volunteer Infantry, naa yet to have his
Case 'li-termlned.
Rufus waa arrested on a warrant sworn
I out by Daniel W. tiuylor, proprietor of a
• r.tut at 10 BtOCKton street. He ap
peared for trial restei morning before
Judye Graham. The testimony
showed th:u Myrtle EL Baylor, wh>. :s a
pupil at the Polytechnic High School.
was waiting for h»r sifter on the corner
of Bush and Stockton streets oti the after
noon of November 14. Just after school
had been dismissed, when Kutus came up
behind and jostled her.
"Hello:" w said, "are you waiting ior
me?"
The young girl, frightened at the "mash
er's" attaik, stepped aMde quickly, say
'■■ inp nothing.
w.-ii. ain't you waiting for me?" he
asked again.
"No," she replied sharply, at the same
time starting across the street. Being an
1 der necessity of waiting for her sister, and
-: that the "masher" did not follow.
: the girl stopped on the opposite corner
till Kufu.s began making si^ns to her,
when she left to report the matter to her
| father. He was not at the restaurant
when she K"t there, so «he toij her story
to one of the waiters, who at once put
on Ins c..at and hat and started for Bush
• et, where he found Kufu.s. evidently
waiting for Bbme other s. hoolglrl upon
whom to practire his wiles.
The waiter taxed Rufus with his mts
deed, and the Mk>w acknowlec!»
saying as an excuse that he mistook Miss
Baylor for a girl of his acquaintance.
Mr. Baylor heard of the insult to
his daughter he be< ame very angry and
w.-r.t in search of the barber. He did not
find him until the next day. when Rufus
was pointed out to him by the waiter.
Savior promptly turned in and gave ttie
"masher" a erond thumping, following it
up !•>■ having him arrest
In his own behalf Rufus pleaded that it
of mistaken identity. 1!
he thought the jrirl was another he
explanation did not go <!• wn
With the court.
"He merely accosted this young lady."
said the defendant's attorney, "as your
Honor ..r the rioawilllllg Attorney or my
self might accost a young lady we k
"Just cut me out of anything like that,"
retorted the e.mrt.
"He will not do it again," continued the
lawyer.
"Not for the next ninety days." said the
court, "if l know anything about it.
There's too mu«'h of this thing of "niash-
Ir.n Koine on. There's not a day that sim
ilar complaints are not made to ;l; l
Women ;.: d can't ko on the
I without being insulted by a lot of
worthless bums that stand on corners and
in front of cigar stores. There should be
a Stop I'Ut to it. and for the few w
arn to remain here I propose to make It
hard for mashers.' ""
Rufus was then given in charge of the
bailiff to serve his ninety days.
K. H. Perry was the complaining wit
vainst Hanst»n of Company F. For
nd Infantry. He testified before
Police JudK-- slogan that one day last
week while walking with his 15-year-. dd
dauphter up Hush street he noticed the
soldier accost several w-..men. but paid no ;
particular attention to It until, having oc
casion to go into the California Hotel,
leaving her on the sidewalk, he came out j
again to see Hansen trying to talk to his
daughter.
"What did you do then?" asked tne i
court.
"I promptly knocked him down." re
fltted I'erry, at which there was applause '
n the court.
Hansen. in his own defense, nald h*» j
didn't remember having spoken to the ,
clrl. explaining that If he did he must
have been insane. Later he put In the
: is RufttS had done, that it was a
f mistaken identity. The court de- I
K:r»d to h'-;ir the testimony of Miss Perry
and continued the case till this morning.
HIS SON IN TATTERS.
Alexander Lyons, a Well-Dressed
Man, Charged With Failure
to Provide.
Alexander Lyons, clerk in a Keamy
.iu< tion store, was charged in Judge
Qraham'l court yesterday with failing to
provide for his son Walter, 13 years of
age, living at ix: Howard str^t. The
ippeared in court with his shoes
almost falling off his feet and his clothes
thin and ragged. Th- father waa well
dressed anil wore a mackintosh.
The Jud^e asked Lyons why he did not
provide the boy with proper shoes and
clothing in such bad weather, and Lyons
replied that he could not help It.
"Well." replied the Judge, "I want to
tell you that If you don't do it you will go
to jail. I will continue the case till to
morrow to give you a chance to do your
duty as a father."
STATESMAN HARADA
ASKS BIG DAMAGES
TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
FOB A LOST LEG.
Southern Pacific Company Sued by
a Progressive Japanese Who Is
Studying Diplomacy and
Politics in California,
The case of Jiro H^irada against the
Southern Pacific «Jomp;in> waa placed on
trial before a jury in the Untied States
Circuit Court yesterday. The suit was
brought to recover damages in the sum
of $2u^So for the loss of a leg. three fin
gers and three toes, the result of being
run over by a railway train in AlaiueU*
on October i. U
Harada 111 i s ytarn old and a native of
Japan. He has been in San Francisco
live > iirs, studying to be a statesman, as
he modestly explained on the witness
stand, and he has made good use of his
time, for he testilled without the aid of
an interpreter, his English was faultless
In respect to grammar and rhetoric, and
there was but very little trace of a for
eign accent.
Assistant United States Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth was appointed his
guardian for the purposes of the litiga
tion, and Bert Schleainger appeared as
his attorney. Frank McGowan repre
sented the railroad company.
Harada told the Jury how the accident
occurred. He had Juet alighted from the
train* at the crossing of Raihroad avenue
and Everett street and was crossing the
track when a train backed down upon
him, knocking him down and inflicting
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
rr^».v^».r**ra».»!^*«r.rr^r.rirr.^i*,r
Are your feet •WfUSBr KUC^aiW^Bßl IA 3 Hive you had
tender? Have \Wt LffllrUfiSßS l&§Lbrca!itas:
them treated mW* 90 *tvd ■Vlfß it tho Cafe?
By Dr. Dehmel. ex- W 6oldcnltale Bazaar, •! A temptlnir meal
pert , Chiropcdiat, near caufor>U*s uuraesT-A.nuucA-5 oramocst stobb. «erve<J datly from
iiarber haop. 3 to 1" a. m.
Annual Doll Show Now Open.
A One-Day Sale For this day only we offer two
Wrapper Flannels. K&S-SeMsSa
colorings, exact reproduction of genuine French flannel styles, a
warm, good-looking fabric, suitable for house wrappers and m y tr
children's dresses — at the very special price, per yard a C
•
A One-Day Sale Of For this day only we
: Dress Goods Remnants, $™* -£ '■-„£
, Remnants, including some of the prettiest weaves and coloring for
; fall and winter wear, ranging in length from li to <> yards, desirable
! quantities for dresses, skirts and waists, at a reduction of
\ One-quarter off marked prices,
A One-Week Sale Until closing time Saturday night
: Men's Trousers. we . sha " nave on sale hundreds of
pairs of Men I Fine V orsted Trous-
; ers in neat stripes and mixtures, they are regular $4 and $•"> pants,
• a part of a recent large purchase of ours, they are silk sewn, per-
[ fectly fitting, elegant appearing, thoroughly good $4 and 55 pants,
lin all regular sizes for men— for balance of the week, <£O £*CZ
« special price, per pair &£**%&&
f .
I Wedntsdiv sptcisi. Wednesday Specials.
\ $18,00 a-. Under muslin Dep't .
>! Tailor /^^ Children's Skirts :•• waists.
; n»«PQc ¥&*$ made of ° 0^ urll - S y canton flannel.
,* * # * C?»» V*7 * ' xlfl tor cbi dreD Ito 4 years, regular
•! SiO.OOm j£&*-^ prices 30c, 35c and 40c— special for
!' „, . v ... (f*>^7\ th'" <t*y onW.JBc, 200 and
) This new all-wool \ T : \ Children's Dancing-School
( gray camets-hair (A A \ Skirt* M! of gooa moalin. wkh
i Tailor Dress (also (./ , j UVJFI dee P hwn ruffle. 4 yards wide, prices
£ in black and navy 'UrWl'' always 50c, 55c, 60c, 65c, 70c— prices
t blue cheviot», £ \ Y£r-9 to-day
I trimmed with -Vl | O ..35 C, 400, 4sc, sOc, 55c
• black silk taffeta A l\ ; Ladles' Drawers -A I lawn.
t band-, jacket lin- / IV trimmed with deep flounce of Point
tel with black silk / I \ d ' E}prit he-, prico r^ularly 85c _
{ taff.-ta, skirt with / / 11 \ special for this day only 880
( splendid perci- / / \V x I -_—___—__
< line, all si's, // / \>LJ Wtdnndaj Sbsaa,l. A new line of Pc-
, regularly $18.00 ~^i^^ Sale— Fine *•*•* «***
k * — on special sa« " »*«**■> * «**«, Wrltinir D*sk*
( for this day only $io.oo Furniture. «...
f Combination Ca?es and Parlor Tables.
i WtJnudav St'cijl Jast recer,d. Below are three very
I JJL J?J?£ " Decial °fferin7s for this day only:
' • $2 OO Fancy Par lor Suits- pieces. Sofa. Arm
I MM i iMm ■■ ■fcs?«isf «# OO air and Reception Chair, mahogany
». UnaerSnirW 3''JJ- finished frames. upholstered in bright
f A s>rted styhs of new fancy Metallic ' pr«tty silk damask— on special *al«
>* UnJerikirt?, heavy sateen, ve-. gold only, the «oit compete $16.
!• and i ret- n stripes, .on red, cer se and MusiO Cabinet — 10 inches hi/h.
f green grounds, deep double flouaces, -' inches wide, with dor, 7 ah-lres
[ some Raited, som - corded, some of for tour mu-tic. nicely carved froat,
'» these skirts w r.« $2, urns of them mahogany finished tad hi^hl/ roli^hed
} were higher priced— all of them, for this I — social for th * day ■ ■ \....57m73
I day oelj, each $1.39 Parlor Table— Go lag Oak. quir-
I ter sawed. 16-inch top, well m»<*#
i Continuation of " cal " this day on ' eac 8O °
[ the Sale of Widni%d*r Spoil. For this
; : Carpet Remnants. $1.00 Drapery **y™ x ?
I A large accumulation of Cirpet Rem- Silk *roCm en si!e
} nants fr m several months* l:n» are 14 ) yards 0 $1 Drapery SilV. 28 inches
[ placed on sale this week at 2op*r cent w jd e ', Cram. Blue, Pink and Ni:e. with
'. off regular pnets. If you want the best fi ie fmbroidered pattern in cold juu
[ Carpet Bargain that it was ever your ths thing for mantel scarf.*, piano coy-
; pood luck to get, bnn- th* measurement erg an d tidies— special price, per yard...
, of your room* and see if we can fit you .......4-8O
• out i.li .1 oao of the? 1*:1 *: _^________ ***""
; Tapestry Brussels! m*mim *~*i For th:. day on>
: Tapestry 6russols-A -piend.d *%— Toilet ™ n f* r . a .£«
Tapestry Lruasols \ ipleadd 25c Toilet "* f:
• 9-Jc per yard qaiiitr. for 720 &Oaß 16c aI of hard-mtllsd
; AxnllnstorCarpot.-^ fSEJE?* SSSUjFi
yard for "^ **"*" 880 *< B ps c 'ally reduced price, per box. loo
[Ax minster Carpets — Km " ~ — ■■ t
quali y, with borders to match, regu- MjJHisdJv Sttctjl. Three lines of els-
I ilv $1.25 per ya-d. now. St.OO Trimmed l ' lint! y Trimmed
White Linen Warp Matting Millint*w\i l at "' rednced
! —With an inserted design— on special ""'""CWym about one-third for
sale by the roll of 40 yards, per yard., this day's special «eiling:
#- I6\O ' Th ! s Ma » on 8 $13.50 kti to-day $9*45
.""'. """""*"*"■*.,, * This season's $16.50 Hats to-day
An immense assortment of Rugs * $12,43
rephced at very low figures. Tl i i"ii '*' rMT'llii'li'li i«j
Injuries which necessitated the amputa- '
tion of his right kg six Inch' ■ below the ,
knee, three toes of the left foot and thr>-«
angers of th*- left hand. Ha swore posi- >
Uvely that no bell was rung and that the !
whlstlu was not blown. The train had ;
taken a switch and had COBM down on the
BaSM track with the locomotive In front,
and that was the quarter from whicM he
did not expect any danger whatever.
The case will be resumed in the morn
ing.
JURY DISAGREES.
SAN LTJXI OBISPO. Nov. 21. -The Jury
disagreed In the trial of Samuel M. Find
ley, the ex-Tax Collector, who was
charged with embezzling the funds of his
I JUST A FEW "DON'TS."
i &^\ DON'T be Imposed upon by
B. any firm who may offer you
0 /r^^T'CZ^S^^* a cheap Imitation of a good
i /'iyJ artlcle -
i iJs^liLi. \ DONT wear an old st le
I vis^J Electric Belt whose bare
| j^SfcX metal disks blister the skin.
1 $> / As. I DR. SAND EN
I tl/ V J LATEST IMPROVED
I />* f¥ tA ELECTRIC BELT
Iwm If v V wlll do away with that
§ WS uf&£& li ! have thousands of testl-
S \/P <&s»>,jB^ monlals on file at my office.
g When any one tells you that they are my agents, or that
| they are selling my Belts, DON'T believe them. 1 am still In
§ business and my appliances can be had only at my offices. .
0 I will send free to any address my little book. "Three
» Classes of Men," which gives a full description of my Belts, and
X how they are used, or I would be pleased to have any one call at
8 my office and consult me free of charge. O.fice hours. 9to 6 ;
1 Sundays, 10 to 1.
§ TiH T A Rl A IVTHPIVr 18TMrdSt, SanFr&ceisco, C»L
O; ■i-Hw« A • ii« Oxi.li U JutVi . itr,- ••. «**!*»-•*•. v* ***»*«. ««t.
S^*-^^^^ HaiMl Bldj. . P«rtl«il. Or.
office. The Jury stood evenly divided on
a. qulttal
locked up since last Saturday.
Fell Down a Bluff.
RBDOIXO, Nov 21 .— A chan
ly known as "Whisky' Harry, w
employed as a cl»aner around saloons.
■ a bluff ntnet\
that borders the rtve* on th»- northern
boundary of Redding. His I
broken In tw> places and he wan badly
cut and bruised about the hea.l
W hen found he was lyint
the water. His moutl
two Inches above th- surface Ha-ry wm
.Irunk when th- ... «..
covery is urn • rtain.
56
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 22. iSo^
Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Man?ger.
IMIILICATIO.V OFFICE r^ Market and Third. !». V.
I fir phone Main I <-<{•-.
jril.'Toltl XI ROOMS JIT lo 221 Us IS— ■ "i
Trlrphone Main 1874.
Delivered !»y « nrrir;», IB Cent* Per Week.
Mncle Copies. .1 Cent*.
Term* b>- Mntl. Inrlaflinir I'ummkpi
DULY CALL iliiclu.ltnu Sunday .. one >ettr..*o.OO
DAILY CALL !■<•■■ Sundn> ), «• niontb*. . 5.00
DAILY CALL <lnelu<tlnsr >utidny». .. month* . . 1.80
DAILY CALL — lit Mnsie .Month <;.'»>•
M MIA* 1 ill One Veitr LH
HIIMI CALL One Venr 1 <*>
All pi.»tßi»»lrrn nre nuthurlsed to receive
Mnlikcrlptloßn.
t»ampl<* copies will be forwarded when requested
IMKI4MI OFFICE »OH HronU«nj
c. GBoncn krocxess.
Mlinasrr Foreign Ad vertlilnsr. Marquette Bntld-
ItlK. 1 tilrnso.
IBw yohk i i»nitJ>iMi>ni:\Ti
C. C. 1 ilU.!il> Herald Sanare
MH YOIIK REPRESS XTATIVE I
PERRY LI kins Jit .-. Tribnue IlalldlnK
CHICAGO NEWS STASDSi
Sherman !lou*ei P. " \>n* «..: Great Xorth
rrn Hotel 1 Fremont H<>u«e; Auditorium Hotel.
M \\ YOnK nWIITAIMI
Waldorf- inlorln Hotel; A. Ilrentano, 31 Union
?«uarei Jlnrrnj Hill Hotel.
WAimXGTOai <I>. C> OFFICE.. elllndnm «tel
J. I- OGLIMI. Correspondent.
pnnrii OFFICES — BX7 Montgomery street, cor
ner Clay, open until :»:.-l«» o'clock. n<H» Hayca
Mreet. open until !♦:.".«• o'clock. ««f» McAlllmtcr
• trcct, open until i>sM o'clock. HI L.arkln
street, open until U-.:ut o'clock. 1041 Ml— lll
• irrti. open until |S) o'clock. ! <ll Market
►treet, corner >i\ifPßih, open until it o'clock.
l«>"u; \nl< ik-Iu Mrrel. open until J» o'clock.
l'H, l.l>Minli ktreei. open until !• o'clock.
>\V. corner T« enty-wecoud and Kentucky
HUtla, open until :< o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
MSB— V»u«.
CV>:un:Ma--lChy fmlth Left Home."
T:vo!i~"Ms.rltß.r.a."
Cs.!lf arris.— "Yon Tcnsoa."
>.■•.' O;*r*. Houk»— "EvainreHca.**
Ah.-s.ZB.r- "My Kriend Fn,m laJts-"
A!fcanbrs^-"Ia Old Kentucky."
Chutes. 3uo v: : Theater— Vaaderlll* every afternoon and
£vr&lrf .
Olyisr'.*. corser :.:.-.> r and FTllls rtreets— Specialties.
Ccstral Park — Ft*ej>lrchit** and j^rfcmir.ce*.
Panorasa Battle ct Maci'a Bay. —^TKet street, near
Elfhth.
• Sacraaa-Oay Hall— Oncert to-reorraw n*.«bt.
Oailar.il Hacetrach— Hacf*.
AUCTION SALES.
P. W. notterSeia— Tfcls fiay. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at JCI
Oeary »irr« t.
By Kalcrr * A!l»n-Thi» £ay. I ;,->.•*. at Sllrer ar«sue.
nrur Sun Hruno road.
PHENOMENAL TAX SHIRKING-
*~1 HE decision of Judge Morrow of the Lnited
States Circuit Court lan week, by which he re
xr.anded to the State tribunals two cases brought
agrainst Wells, Far^o &. Co. in this city to compel
that corporation to pay its war taxes, substantially
proves that though the mills of the law grind slowly
they grind wr.h exceeding certainty. These actions
were commenced in October, 189 S. They followed
c!os»ely upon the Co*t!cy case, in which Justice of the
"Peace Barry and Superior Judge Troutt successively
construed the law against the tax-shirking company.
r«>r more than a year, however, the corporation his
delayed a tnal on various frivolous pretexts. The
cases v ere first taken to the Federal courts •on a
jurisdicticnal point. Judge Morrow promptly decided
that he could not consider them and sent them back
to the Justices' Court. Then the agile lawyers of the
tax-shirki:iK' company sued out a writ in the United
States Circuit Court on the theory that as a common
carrier it is collecting revenue for the Government— a
laughable contention— and was. therefore, entitled to
the protection of the Federal judiciary. But Jud^e
>horrow could not be made to understand this. and
apain he remanded the cases to the cold and cheerless
jurisdiction of the State courts.
'c than eighteen 1
■
I . n.ooo a D
-
I re
■
ince to the
. • ■
• - •
• " -.ent of this
It shows that
•
< • In the-e
c
tted to the
• • ■
been enabled to
■
I have be
«:amp< immediately after the
•
tart its
< law has been
fi
• There ought to be a remedy for this sort of national
turpitude. Congress in re-enacting the statute so as
to make the express companies pay the tax should
affix a severe penalty for the past eighteen mor* of
meanness, treason and dishonesty.
• ad and his necktie h*ve
1 in a Mexican cave. It is unfortunate
head and a different sort of a necktie
' k:o under different con
■ . ice.
Th^ John W Dar srinia
■re fH ver the cor • his
health. He is reported as raying in a recent intr ■
w in the recent elections nothing to give
c ment to Drmr
.'. Democracy seem to
racy to tarnish the well-won
Admiral Srhley. They threaten to
make him a Democratic Vice Presidential nominee.
THE SAX FTCA-SOrsCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1599.
FTN£NCIf?L LEGISLATION.
I"*HE statenient is made that the contemplated
rtn the gold standard and to
■ tliercon the credit of the Government will
■fcome the law before the holidays in De
cember.
In his speech at Cedar Fr.'.i<. lowa, the President
"We ar-- [ I md we mean to stay
there" ii is declaration, added to the utterances of
Is and of the next
Henderson, at Waterloo, seems to put the
. ond doubt. Allison will probably be chair
man of the Senate Finance Committee, and Speaker
lerson will appoint the House Committee on
. :r.ay originate with
• -.?es, and their probable con
stitution is reassuring.
It is ex| t the bill will provide for the en
■ :e national debt on a gold pay-
It will be rc
ntembered that Mr. Clc- 1 en compelled to i>
«ue I Is 1 die I rye and keep
-lumping to a silver basis, a*ke<l
■ess to do practically what is now contemplated
by making the bonds payable in gold, and that he
. interest would amount
to a grent many mil ions of dollars.
Tin and refunding of course
mdamental. It is the becin
f reform to I financial legis
•. which is fd result of either partisan or
The country will be gratified
if Congress will f. How the K'^d" standard and re
funding bill with the enactment of the banking and
cum recommended by the commission
"is Monetary Conference. It
must be remembered that while the standard is of
• importance as the foundation, the country will
:e and well guarded banking
tn, which th a safe currency and by its
las capital, the loan
! be as accessible to
•' and planter as it now is to the merchant
rer. It is an old and wise saying that
B can always use profitably
ley than i -rason the boi
r uc: • • .ys its most enterprising
the use M ii credit,
rr has to use his credit in an
• way he is hampered and hurt.
tendency now to send
Dcial centers of the
try there ed a famine of the loan fund
:t in the cities.
reen seed time
1 to <io it by grace at
lerchant indemnifies
-:ce of his go<
to the wholesaler or j<
in the distant city the ri>k he is assuming. Thus a
I by the jobber
the price of what he sells to the coun
t reliant. The wholesaler or - 1 c:i goes to
"f-dit to borrow
:h to conduct his business. It
he seen ti othod o: edit is burden
lesaler and r- I
l the per- | . •-. prices thl
en the n
and I '/'•ice required by I •
I quired by the farmer. It will be
c accumulation of two raises in
price and the final interest paid to the I
farmer, who has it to pay
ebt at the country store. We
::i of banking that would discour
.se of credit. If the farmer had ac
::eeded in order
to pa; merchant
• the ■: . and in each trans-
the discou: ■ I
be no margin of raised prices
rt him only
: charge at t'r.e bank which accommo-
A< the credit « I the right
of the series of transactions,
the city wholesaler would less frequently resort to the
• k. and that fund would flow
where the farmer's necessity for credit
The present aeo:: tioi ey in the finan
■ - its speculative use in such
'ated is one of
the c currency panics. Of this we have just
tion in New York City, where specula
:' the many tr 1 | irgan
l/ed ; ' :ence which very nearly
erted by the Treas
«)O.ooo of unmatured bonds.
The friends of the gold standard see very clearly
that until the whole system of financial reform is es
r remains that the uneven distri
the loan fund may bring on conditions
which the money CO I teach the people
to believe are due to the -self.
The Americans to have captured everything
. • • • 'ildo except his reputation. They
have his private secretary, his Secretary of State, hia
>obe. Out of sheer
nature he may give hi? pursuers himself with
out further
THE FIGHT BEFORE US.
RRTS of the plans of the promoters of the
Xt for o* tailing appropriations from the
• rr.ment tn provide irrigation for
I of the \Ye«t have gone East, and the
of that section has begun to express opinions
c subject. These opinions are what might have
been expected. The Eastern people, to a considerable
extent, at any rate. wi9 oppose all efforts to provide
for any comprehensive scheme of irrigation, and it
is clear we are to have a hard fight and probably a
long fight before we win.
The Baltimore American, in speaking of the plan,
Ift • t for wastinc money, and say?: "So
r has been moi .« .irked up than this
d<? Com - managed thus far
the treasury, but the>e
men are very • They are well organized
-ough the arid West and Southwest, and in some
paru that are n.-t arid. They ask that the Govern
ment shall bui'. : at an enormous expense
to irrigate large desert tracts and convert them into
tctive far:n«. \,, proposition like it has been
made to .->. rament in modern times. The peo
ple who settled the East and made it blossom as a
rose never thought of asking the Government to grub
up the stumps or put up fencing or to do any other
thing that won bate to the profit or security
of farming, nor did the people who went from the
• to settle the mighty Wen ask their Government
tn «rake them."
Such is the attitude of a large proportion of the
Eastern people toward the movement for national
irrigation. It is regarded there as a scheme to tax
the East for the benefit of the West. It will be seen
tliat we must at once undertake a campaign of edu
cation on the subject and prosecute it vigorously.
After all it may be found that it would be cheaper for
us in California to undertake water storage for our
selves rather than wait until the East has been
brought to, understand the enterprise and co-operate
with it.
GIFTS TO HEROES
A MOVEMENT is on foot to present Rear Ad
miral Schley a house. Other gifts to the
heroes of liie Spanish and Philippine wars are
contemplated. It is to be hoped that these projects
will be abandoned. As far as is known none of the
intended recipients are in want. As a rule the projects
originate in the desire of some one to achieve no
toriety on money gotten by appeals to patriotism
or to the ever-present sentiment of hero worship.
Men trained to arms enter with deliberation a pro
fession in which they are set apart from the masses
ot their countrymen, in order that in martial emer
ies they may do their duty. It is to them an
injustice to make it appear to the world that their
duty is done in the expectation of substantial pres
ents. The eight Boers who made a new Ther
'.ae on the blear veldt of South Africa, by stand
ing their ground as a target for British bullets in or
der to give a large body of their comrades in arms a
chance to reach safety in the hills, probably had no
other thought as they faced the guns of a brigade
than that they were doing their duty, and no hope
nor expectation of any after reward had place in their
thought. The approval of their heroic souls was all
they had and all they hoped for.
An American feels uneasy at the first results of the
giving of gifts. Admiral Dewey was given a ready
made house by his admiring countrymen. As he
quaintly said, he wanted a house all ready, where he
could go at once and hang up his hat. At that time
it was not known that there was a lady in the case,
who also had a hat to hang up. But there was, and
in a honeymoon exuberance the admiral has given
the house to his wife. The result is a most remarkable
reversal of public feeling that illustrates the exceeding
volatility of our people. Ten days ago every Ameri
can boy born into this world was marked to bear the
name of Dewey at his christening. That name to
conjure with was adopted into commerce as a trade
mark for many things. But now it is regarded with
a different feeling, and the hero's picture is hissed
when shown in the kinetoscope. Scores of sub
scribers to the fund are rather indelicately wor
the committee for a return of the money, and an ef
fervescent enthusiasm has been turned into the spirit
of carping and criticism. The event is calculated
tn subject Americans to ridicule and to take the fine
bloom off the feeling that pervaded the country and
(ion in the welcome given to the great
admiral. But it seems that the countr. Mr:,.
Dewey, a very rich woman, was not in need of a
house, and draws a distinction between giving him a
mansion in which his wife and family are sheltered
under his ownership and giving Mrs. Dewey a house
in which the admiral hangs up his hat on her suffer
ance. To put it squarely, the country seems to feel
that the lady had a large lot of luck in getting the
foremost man in the world for a husband, .
not have had a gift house thrown in. As a consola
tion to the any - who want their money back
we beg to that they may fir.! comfort in that
scripture which snith that it is more blessed to give
than receive. They gave the hou«e and grounds
and hatrack and pantry, and, we hope, a well-stocked
cellar, and have already received the blessing with
which they would part if their money were refunded.
In that respect they cannot eat their cake and keep
it. Then, really, it is unfair to demand that the com-
C give bick the money, for the only recourse
they have is to pay it out of their own pockets or to
ask Mrs. Dewey to sell her house and return the pric^
to them. We hope the donors will see how enihar
rassing this will be to the committee. It will be bet
ter to proceed now to raise the $100,000 required to
earn- out the proposition to have the Dewey Arch
in New York City made a permanent structure by
reproducing it in marble. That will perpetuate the
hero's memory, and, as he cannot deed the arch to
i:e, the country will pi"">s an inalienable me
morial of the battle of Manila Bay.
THE DEATH OF HOBART.
Q MERICAM sympathy will be profoundly
/ \ stirred by the announcement of the death of
L *■ Vice President Hobart. The feeling of sor
rnoreover, will be due wholly to personal respect
the man and for the family which he leaves to
mourn his
Mr. Hobart had but a small part in the politics of
the country. Before his nomination for the Vice
Presidency he had no national fame, and since his
election he has of course accomplished nothing in
the office affords no opportunities
for doing so. The reputation he has achieved in
office has been the re>tiit of his tact and courtesy in
life, in presiding over the Senate, and in the
deeds which made up the routine of life in official
station at Washington.
Few Vice Presidents have been more highly es
teemed or have more justly merited the honors con
ferred upon them. As a rule a Vice-President is for
gotten almost as soon as elected, and is recalled to
public attention only when there is some danger to
the life of the President. It has not been so \vi»h
Mr. rlobart. He did not live obscurely at the na
tional capital, but made him«e;f felt there as a per
sonal influence which had to be counted as a potent
factor in social life and to some extent in the Senate.
Notwithstanding his success in the office he found
it uncongenial, and it is well known he would not
have been a candidate for re-election. He was vir
out of politics before his long illness began,
and his death, therefore, makes no change whatever
in the political situation. The nation mourns the loss
not of an office-holder but of a citizen of the highest
rank and the truest patriotism. Such duties, public
or private, a> devolved upon him were fulfilled with
a fidelity that entitles him to the honor of his coun
tiymcn. and it is with that feeling the people receive
the news of his death and extend their sympathies to
all who were near and de?r to him.
A veracious correspondent from the Philippines
says that the Sultan of Sulu has a deep-seated an
tipathy to Christian dogs. The Sultan evidently ob
jects to a change in his religion.
The operations of the loc.il "relipious" general,
who is at present under a police cloud, indicate that
the hide of the good shepherd is very often sus
piciously like that of the wolf.
The Prince of \Va!e? hag subscribed £262 to the
Transvaal war fund. Th.it odd two puns makes it
look as though the Prince had dug down into his
small change pocket.
Active operations still continue in the Philippines.
Twelve barrels of the wardrobe of Senora Aguinaldo
have been captured by our troops.
DEWEY'S SON NOW
GETS THE HOME
Second Transfer of the
Gift House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. —George Good
win I 1I 1 ■ if. Admiral Dewey's only son. is
now the owner of the residence pre
sented to the admiral by the American
people. Papers were prepared and
signed early to-day by which Mrs. Mil
dred McLean Dewey transferred all
rights and title to the property known as
1747 Rhode Island avenue, this city, to
George Goodwin Dewey. This is the
property which yesterday Admiral Dewey
transferred to Mrs. Dewey. The papers
making the new transfer probably will
be placed or. tile to-morrow morning.
In explanation of the transaction prac
tically completed to-day, a relative of the
Dewey family made this statement to the
Associated Press:
"Admiral and Mrs. Dewey have trans
ferred to the former's son. George Good
win Dewey. the title to the home pre
sented to the admiral by the people of
this country. It will continue- to be the
home of the admiral and Mrs. Dewey so
long as he may live.
"It may be desirable now to say that
It was the wish of both the admiral and
Mrs. Dewey to provide for a proper suc
cession to the property. The transfer of
to-day completes the transaction begun
yesterday and Is the carrying out only of
the original intention of both .he admiral
»:.<! Mrs. Dewey. By all those interested
in the matter the "method of transfer
made v.as considered the best and safest
that could have been adopted. It Is to
be considered naturally thai the trans
fer was to be the act of Mrs. Dpwey as
well as of the admiral. It was her de
sire that she should release any claim «he
mieht have to the property through her
marriage to the" admiral and to do this
the transfer was made through her to
the admiral's sen as Boon as was prac
ticable. Through the method adopttd
no dispute ever can arise over the dispo
sition of the property."
ARCUND TIME"
CORRIDORS
E M. Carr. a wealthy contractor of
Pinole, is a ruest at the Grand.
Dr. \Vh!t*-lock. one of the leadlngr mcd-
Icnl men of Merced, la a guest at the
Grand.
Thomas Flint Jr. has come up from
his home In San Juan and is refrtstered
at th* Palace.
Franklin Balkm, a wealthy mine owr.er
of Leadrtlle, Colo.. Is among the recent
arrivals at the Palace.
M. Goldsmith, one of the leading: mer
chants of Stockton. Is registered for a
short stay at the Grand.
J. J. Shoate of tha T"n!t«Hi States Mail
Service arrivM from Ix>s Angles yester
and wont to t) taL
B. T. McCul'.ough, the millionaire
nding:. is a guest at
the Lick. He is here on a flying buslnesa
I* H. de Frlese. a traveler from London,
who Is visiting the coast on pleasure bent,
is among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Palace.
Congressmen D« Vries ar.d Kahn have
left the city to be present at the opening
M on the llrst Monday < I
cember.
r.r.d Mrs. P. H. Dawson. two well
kr.owr. ;.pople of Portland, Or..
• . . 1 on a short pleasure trip
F. \Y. Angler, traveling passenger agent
of the Union Pacific, is in this city,
he arrived on business connected with his
position. He i? staying at the Occidental.
Ernest Hochmeyor. a mercha
.. is at the Palace, when he ar
rived yesterday to moot his brother Kl
win, who arrived from Hamburg. They
aro both r I DM hotel.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. ZL— Representa
tive Needham's family arrived from Mo
desto, Cal., to-day and is at the Riggs
House. J. C. Whltacre of San Francisco
is at the Willards.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
BASEBALL— C. A. D., r:-y I". |MJ the
rule of baseball was for a time Jive balls
was played
In this city.
ANSWERS THE DES<""KiPTION-F.
R., Oakland, Cal. The <:• clv*n
in the letter of inquiry tallies with U I
the individual inquired about.
:X PTARCH-C. B. D., ctty. Corn
starch, like any other flour. Is not lntenJ
ed to be eau-n raw, whether taken for the
"purpose of beautifying the complexion"
or t"r any othei . In that condi
.....
likely to distress the one eating it.
THE IOWA— A. and J. S., city. The
. f the lowa of the United B
navy It is Impossible to
Klve the "co!«t of guns and everything on
btain
ly after a:. • . •:\ > t tha
of till :nent at \'.
and then c impaling the com or •
. h an inventory of "everything on
• \."
KILLED IN BATTLE— A. 8.. Antloch.
Cal. It Is asserted that the greatest num
ber of men killed in battle was when
Sulla, the rival of Marius, at Cheronea
(B. C. B8) destroyed 300.000 men in each
of three battles. The Persians are said
to have lost 230,000 men at Platea (B. C.
479. September 22). Second Chronicles
xiii:l7. records COO .OOO slain on one side.
Kings xx:26 *,-:•. 100,000 destroyed in
one day.
PAPAL TIARA— X. M.. city. The Pa
pal tiara Is the triple crown of the Pope,
symbolical of his temporal as the keys
are of his spiritual authority. It is com
posed of a high cap of gold cloth, en
circled by three coronets, with a mound
and cross of gold on top. From the cap
hang two pendants, embroidered ana
fringed at the. end. and seme*- of crosses
of gold. The original Papal crown con
sisted of the cap alone and was first used
by Pope Damasua 11. 1048. The cap was
surrounded with a high coronet by Pope
Boniface VII 1205: the second coronet
was added in lv" by Pope Benedict XII;
the third by Pope John XXIII, in 1411.
STATES AND TERRITORIES— A. 8..
Antioch, Cal. The thirteen original States
became part of the Union upon ratifica
tion of the constitution. The following
gives the names of these States and the
order in which they ratified It: l. Dela
ware, 13*7, December 7: 2, Pennsylvania,
1787, December 12; 3. New Jersey, 1757, De
cember IS; 4, Georgia, 17SS. January 2; 5,
Connecticut, 17SS. January 9: 6. Massachu
setts. 17S8, February 6; 7. Maryland, Us*.
April 2 s ; 8. South Carolina. 17W, May 23;
S, New Hampshire. 1788, June 21; 10, Vir
ginia, 17SS, June 25: 11, New York. 1753.
July 20; 12, North Carolina. 1759. Novem
ber 21; 13. Rhode Island. 1790, May 29.
The following gives the dates on which
the other States were admitted: 1, Ver
mont. 1791. March 4: 2. Kentucky. 1792
June 1; 3, Tennessee, ITS*. June 1; 4. Ohio
ISO 2, November 23; 5, Louisiana. 1812 April
CO; 6. Indiana. ISI6. December 11; 7. Mis
sissippi. 1817, December 10; R. Illinois, ihis
December 3; 9. Alabama, 1519. December
14: 10, Maine. I=2o. March 15; 11. Missouri
IttL August 10; 12. Arkansas. 1&36. June 15 :
13. Michigan. 1537. January 28: 14. Florida'
1545. March 3; 15. Texas. 1845, December 29 ;
16. lowa, 1546. December 2S; 17. Wisconsin'
1848. May 23; IS, California. ISM, September
9: IS. Minnesota, ISSS, May 11; 20. Oregon
1859. February 14; 21. Kansas, 1861. Jan
uary 23; 22. West Virgina. ISS3. June 19;
23. Nevada, 1864, October 31; 24, Nebraska
lv>7. March 1; 25, Colorado, 1576. August 1*
26. North Dakota. 1553, November 2- V
South Dakota. 18*3, November 2; 2S Mon
tana, 1S«). November 8; 29. Wasnington
ISS3. November 11; 20. Idaho. ISM- July 3
31. Wyoming. ISO), July 11; 32. Utah IS**'
January 4. ' '
The Territories were organized as fol
lows: New Mexico. ISSO. September 9;
Arizona. IS<3, February 24; Indian, 1534.
June 30: District of Columbia. 1790. July
16 March 3 1731: Alaska, ISCS, July 27; Ok
lahoma. 1&S0, May 2. r - ■ .: •_■ .
TO RESIGN FROM
DENTAL BOARD
Dr. Metcalf Disgusted
With Proceedings.
Srecinl Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 21.-The story in
this morning's Call concerning . tho in
ternal troubks of the State Board of
Dental Examiners was read with great
Interest here and the knowing ones ex
pressed the belief that the true condition
of affairs had been very accurate-I> -- >;
SC Dr be F. H. Metcalf would not ynser.t to*
be interviewed at this Umc b ut t rorn
other sources it was aacertalnedittotSM
is disgusted with the whole busl n*"_?,"°
will tender his resignation W J Governor
Gage on the latter return to *^™_
memo about a week he-nee. A i ?_ •horn
F. F. Tebbets. the member against whom
the charxc-3 had been made, ne t' ro , rt '',^
to believe that he has been 'av°red -with
a complete vindication by his fe low
members. After he had read the rather
caustic statement of Dr. L. T. cr.inz,
Dr. Tebbets said:
"The board held an examination upon
the charg-s -preferred against me by Dr.
Cranz. There was no evidence to jmid
stantlate the charges. Dr. Cranz was
present at the investigation anJ heard nis
own witnesses deny the things he ?elu
they would testify to. Those witnesses
were supposed to testify that 1 had prom
ised to pass them for a consideration—
that is. they were supposed to testify to
that, according to the charges made by
Dr. Cranz; but they did nothing of the
kind, and the board. Dr. Cranz being
present, voted unanimously to dismiss
the charges. I mean by this that there
was an aye and no vote on the propo
sition, and nobody voted no. I pon I
know what the other members of the
board may see fit to do about resigning,
but for 111} part I shall hold on to ray
position. The others may do as they see ,
fit. It Is no concern of mine."
FUNNY SITUATIONS
AT ALCAZAR THEATER
The true significance of a funny situa
tion may only be appreciated when the
author of a play has solved the great
problem of presenting his ld*a without
literary frescoes. It is therefore often
apparent that a pantomlmfc Joke has far
more rapid effect than a Joke clothed in
fine literary apparel. The great secret
of the fun In "My Friend From India" la
not so much in the cleverness of the lines
(although there are a few exceedingly
comical dialogues) as in the silent humor
that flows through some of its scenes.
The situations, in fact, are the bright
background of this play upon which seme
humorous characters go through a gro
te*«<|ue episode.
The Alcazar company gives this bit of
comedy an excellent portrayal We have
as the leaders In this success L. R.
Stockwell and Eugene Ormonde, upon
whose shoulders rests the heavy comedy
part. The former Is an actor of mrch
experience whose acquaintance with the
funny side of character work aids him
in creating a laugh. Mr. Ormonde la
stronger in the delivery' of his lines tHan
in his characterization. In fact, with
Stockwell it is nearly all his looks, while
with Ormonde it is the execution which
is the most comical. Both are very
clever. Juliet Crosbj^does the female
comedy work and proves herself wry
efllclent. Truly Miss Crosby is a very
versatile actress. Any artiste who can
play one week the Queen of Franco in
"The Musketeers" and the following
week Tilly in "My Friend From India"
as M: Crosby has done, is entitle*! to
the highest indorsement. Such ver
satility is the evldenqp of artistic m
perament and inborn talent. Clarence
Montaine has not very much to do, but
that little he does with his well known
faithfulness to detail. Miss Gertrude
Foster f n the leading role makes a very
charming Marian Hayste. The beauty
about Miss Foster's work may be sought
in its unaffected quality. There is no
restraint about her acting and no desire
to overact. The manner in which she
imitates a society dame does not bear any
traces of affectation, but is exactly what
It ought to be— a. humorous Imitation of
an existing human weakness. This bit
alone oujht to bring Miss Foster the ap
proval of her audiences.
Marie Howe Ts another character who
lends luster to the performance. Besides
her striking personality Miss Howe Is
always fetching. Her work never lacks
esprit and there is a certain air of dash
surrounding her action which one must
necessarily admire.
• • • •* : •• . ■
SECOND RECITAL OF
THE HOLMES QUARTET
The Holmes quartet gave its second
concert at Century Hall yesterday after
noon. The feature of the programme mi
Brahms" piano quintet in F minor, Arthur
Ftckenscher acting .•■ pianist. While I
believe Mr. Fickenschcr to be a soloist of
considerable ability— particularly in the
technical line— l hardly think he is lit Tor
ensemble work. His attack is too vigor
ous and the various ehadings are there
fore not brought cut strikingly enough.
Brahms requires delicacy and emotional
execution.whlch Mr. Ficker.scher unfortu
nately lacks. Ensemble work is a gift by
itself and must be inborn rather than ac
quired by practice. Henry Holmes him
self Is a splendid executant and seems to
discover the iptrlt of the composer. Thus
outside of the piano part this quartet re
ceived a good rendition, although at times
the ensemble work was not quite as clean
as it ought to have been.
But the quartet redeemed itself in tho
Beethoven quartet in C. The allegro
molto movement was executed with a
dash and power Inspiring in Its fervor.
This was. according to my idea. th*» best
work done by the quart- I so far. It did
not only show that the members of this
body are musicians but that they are
absorbing with effect the healthy ideas
of their leader. This last quartet alou*
established for this organization a posi
tion which will give It prominence in ths
musical field. The vocalists on this occa
sion were Misses Beulah George and
Zueletta Oeei and Fred Maurer acted
as accompanist. ALFRED METZGER.
OLIVE BRANCH CHAPTER.
The first Installation of the officers of
Olive Branch Chapter of the Order of th*
Eastern Star took place last night In tho
upper hall of the Golden Gate Asylum In
the presence of many members of the or
der and a number of strangers Th
beautiful ceremony was conducted by
Grand Patron George 1.. Darling, assisted
by Mrs. Mary E. Partridge, past most
worthy matron of the United States in
the rapacity of grand marshal . Th
charges to the office- were delivered in a
most Impressive mannor by "he JranS
patron who in that work may haye K be"n
equaled but baa never been excelled Tho
elect. ; officers who were Inducted" into
their respective stations are: Mell^a
Albert M cCo 5 ke ?'- wo «hv matron: ? ■
nle Lueni X J ayf ° r> W ? fthy P««>n: An!
Scheeline. Arper.. associate matron: Eva
Scheellne. secretary: Salena Clir*™
treasurer: Margaret Fitch, conductress
and R °n n , is sl ' associate conductress:
The appointed pfliccrs Installed are
Theresa Fredericks. Sadie Mcronk*v
Anita Campbell. Lizzie Atwood and ""&
riette Latterly, who respectively represent
the :lve points of the central star. Adah
Ruth. Esther. Martha and Electai E lira I
bcth Kitchen, warder: Mary Lewis sen.
tlnel: Dr. T. Byron de Witt, chanTaln; Ida
Jones, marshal, and Emma Rohrbachcr
organist. '
i After the ° race , had b*>«-n proclaimed
Installed in accordance with the usage "of
the order Dr. Taylor, the patron, deliv
ered a very interesting address to the
members.. and then paid a glowing compli
ment to Mrs. Partridge for her services tf >
the chapter, she having acted a3 worthy
matron when the matron and patron
Mr. and Mrs. C L. P. Marals. left for
Paris. France. In the work of residing
over the deliberations of the chapter "he
was assisted by the grand patron! In
closing the speaker, on behalf of the
chapter, presented to Mrs. Partridge a
beautiful crystal berry bowl, after which
the new matron, also on behalf of the
chapter, presented to the grand patron a
sliver matchbox, these presents belr2
tokens of love and esteem and In recoil
?he chapter. at the reclp!ents ha <* done C fSr
After congratulations there -was an ad
Journment to the hall below, where the r«
was dancing until midnight.
NO SALVAGE FROM
THE CHARLESTON
Gunboat Helena Picks
Up the Crew.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Nov. 21.— The United States
gunboat Helena arrived at Camaguin dur
ing the night of November 12. The watch
ers of the wrecked cruiser Charleston saw
her lights and thought there was a nr.>
upon a r.ear-by island, whereupon they
began to take steps to help those endan
gered, but us the searchlights of the
Helena communicated her* presence the
village where the men of the Charlestoa
were located rang with cheers.
A party from the Helena and Charles
ton visited the stranded vessel on Nevetn
ber 13. It was found that her bow 3 wcr«
clear and that her after-bridge was sub
merged, making it doubtful whether any
thing car. be salvaged. The Helena 'eft
for mpaguin November 14. but heavy
weather obliged her to return to Cama
guin for shelter until the lDth. She •'*"
naled the Baltimore at Lingayen last
"The crew of the Charleston was first
landed on a small island, near a small
town, not knowing what kind of a recep
tion they would get from the naUTeiL
When the Americans learned the natUes
were friendly they occupied the _ town, an-1
the inhabitants supplied them with
beeves, rice and fruit*. In order to guard
asalnst possible attack from the maln
land detachments of the Char.- on s
crew patrolled the Island and a post was
cS A ab few :°them experienced .light at
tacks of fever owing to exposure.
The court of Inquiry will be appointed
to Inquire into the loss of the Charleston,
and any subsequent action will depend
on the King of the responsibility for the
disaster, which Is dependent on the
court's findings^
HURLEY IS TREED.
Charge of Bribery Against Him Is
Dismissed.
NAPA, Nov. 21.— The charge of bribery
against Patrick 11. Hurley was dismissed
by Judge Ham In the Superior Court here
to-day on motion of the District Attorney.
Hurley was convicted last April of the
bribery of a candidate at St. Helena In
September of 1303, and sentenced to servo
a term of one year In San yuentln. His
attorneys appealed the case to the Su
preme Court and. were granted a new
trial. Huriey is a veteran and resides at
the home in Yountville and Is quite a
politician. Pending the appeal defendant
has been cunt.: in the County Jail.
RAILROAD CHANGES.
Report That Santa Fes Manager la to
Be Superceded.
It is said
here that H. I ir^neral superln-
II sue-
Lil. g.ace f . • at Towr:sen<l'».*
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by th*
Pres* Clipping Bureau (Alien's*, ji; Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main lXi •
Thrown From a C r.
Isaiah Choynskl, a well-known news
paper man, was boarding a car at Sacra
mento and Powell streeu yesterday morn-
Ing, when the car started suddenly and
he was thrown to the ground. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Stephen found that his left knee wa*
badly sprained and the fibers of several
muscles of his right th!*h ruptured. After
being treated he was sent to his home.
Ms* Bush street, in the ambulance.
••Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap"
Has been used for fifty years by millions ci
-- - ----- — n wfcM« T>« thing wtrti
perfect success. It soothes th« child, *oftroa
1 c gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is th« best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising- from teething- or
other causes. For sals by druggists In every
part of the world. Be rur* and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothlnr syrup. Be a bottle.
California Limited.
SANTA FE P UTE— Connectinx •-«:•! ls«v«s
at 6 p. m. -londay. Wednesday. Friday 4-3 Sat.
urday. ictTlns passengers ample time to m* I>:«
Angeles and Pasadena. Fln«st equipped train
and best track of any lln« to th» East. O«t
handsome folder »• . full particulars at CJ
Market stret.
HOTEL DEL. X>l. NADO— Take adraatao
of the round-trio tickets Now only WO by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; Urns " stay, j: :*■ per day. Apply at « N«w
slaßtsea street. San Francisco.
Avoid baldness, fray hair. dar.druS and tola
locks, by using Parker's Ha!r Balsam.
Hlnderccrns. the best cure for coral, IS eta.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourist •xcartteni ▼<•
the SANTA n ROUTE, with latest vestlbu!ed
sleeping cars, through from California to Bos
ton every Wednesday, to St. Paul every Buaday
and Friday, to St. Louis every Sunday and to
Chicago every Sunday. Wednesday and Friday.
Call at ticket office. No. CS Market it., for full
mronr.atlon.
Father McXinnon to Lecture.
Rev. Father W. D. McKlnnon. chaplain
of the First California Volunteers, will
deliver a lecture In Mission Parlor Hall.
Seventeenth street, near Valencia, to
morrow evening under the auspices and
for the benefit of Company E. First Regi
ment. League of the Cross Cade - An
entertainment and dance will also a«M to
the evening's enjoyment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the
Baby
The fifty-cent size is just
right for the baby. A little
of it in the bottle three or
four times a day will supply
precisely the fat aii thin ba-
bies need. If your baby does
not gain in weight as fast as
you would like, try
Scott's Emulsion
The result will please you. If
the baby nurses, the mother
should take the emulsion.
It makes the baby's food
richer and more abundant;
only buy the dollar size-it's
more economical.
Both mother and child will feel at
once its strengthening, upbuilding
and fat-producing properties.
SCOTT ißOWNE.tiiiatt.S-* York.irEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ills of women overshadow their whole lives.
Some women are constantly getting medical treat-
ment and are never well. •• A woman best understands
women's ills." and the women who consult Mrs. Pinkham find
in her counsel practical assistance.
Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn. PRACTICAL
Mrs. Mabel Good. Correctionvillc. mam** ***%£%
la., tells how Mrs. Pinkham saved MEL" &H
" I cannot thank you enou K h for \±<Jf rlLSilNG
what your medicine has done for me. MkWiT%KkM!K'&M
I can recommend it as one of the best i^C#siWaEaW
medicines on earth for all women's ' ■— —
ills. I sufTered for two years wilh female weakness and at £*
last became bedfast. Three of our best doctors did me no
good so I concluded to try Lydia B. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. After taking a "few bottles of your medicine, I was
V?r '■ • ? : "'■' '''■ : ';^^'^^^- i ~-?^.'ZX'^i£& *'*s! able tO do all my house-
fe-^T^^S^^^^^-i work. I know that your
■>*5H medicine raised me from
JlgSr ™ X X?s^pi.^ a bcd of sickness and
ML ( f ~:~ :S S\ perhaps death, and am
''zffi'^f S^- <(. sr£%£i very thankful for what it
r ~^¥§^' /^ V i \ N i^ ¥$*& as one or me - ! hope
:g^ \ 7f<M/^^>J^^ that every suffering
*fe?^\ v- \Sf^ Vfr tf£if^ woman may he per-
S>yX : sT\ Jfc^ V^l suaded to try your medicine."
Wt?W&%£S) tjsm Get Mrs. Pinkham's advice
kdr^ti^WT^ '^'"^fe as soon as you begin to be
i|£|s|j®V __Jfl^By puzzled. The sick headaches
<^£r&£p /2s l *«r^& and dragging sensation come
d^* Js^ M?V / / 11 ' rom a curable cause. Write
Yy |^*""V? lor help as soon as they a P-
n^T t^<^2_~ — j pear.
Vifeo *JH Mrs - Dole Stanley,
t^^-^v f\. Campbellsburg. Ind..
/^ 1' V\ V\X \ writes: -Dear Mrs.
/ Ij \ \ ?p\ \jj PiNKn I was troubled
/ I ' \ n\ \ \ «6S with sick headache and
\ I \ \ '»i» i was so weak and nervous,
• i 1 I could hardly go. A
i friend called upon me one
evening and recommended Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, saying that she knew that it would cure me. I then
sent for your medicine and after taking five bottles of it, I was
entirely cured. I cannot praise it enough."
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
LAST 5 NIGHTSI v***-^
MAT SAT. /why\
BROADHCRST'S / VtXkTY X
FLNMEST / SfVHTK ]
farce \ LEFT j:
PRICES: Vhome/
fi. rr.c. r.oo. 33c jr
r^f^ -jr-T- I JACOB litt'S
r>Jt=.^^Tr colossal
IVEEKI SPECTACULAR
1 PRODUCTION.
BROXBOS BOWARira rtREAT WAR PLAY.
1 SHENANIiPAH! i
■"It"* tJ.e t**Ft {lay X have evt-r seen."— Gen-
*ml Nr>"Tl A. Mlit-K.
7^ 1 IRTILLBBTI en I
1 hUFL • CAVALEF | H( ' Kbt: •|j
.*> IT has N'CVER BEEN BEEN HEFORE. I
"" THE GREATEST
BATTLE SCENE
EVER GIVEN ON ANY STAGE. ;
BEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
tUhamfaa-
THE i'i-.'.'l-Li: a PL.VYUOUSE.
Ediv and Jones St^Jhore SOUTH 770.
THTT KHEP COMING.
Acain I'arked to the Very Walla.
EVERT EVENINQ. '
RnGCLAR UATtNEEfI SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
JA<T)3 LITTS Great Fucc^ss,
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
: < N'T HE A CLAM— PECfRn YOUR EEATS
N- iff, WHILK Y< V. TAN.
I'RIDAY NIGHT— nr^K AND WING DANC-
ING CONTEST.
PRICES:
rv»r.!rc* lie, Cc. S^c. Me and Tic.
V.atinee Uc, 2ic. Sic ar.d ?5c
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
IJIGGEST DKMAXn FOR EEATS IX
TWEXTT YEARS.
Flr.al Performance* of the
GRAND AND ENGLISH <iPKRA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT -:- TO-NIGHT -:- TO-NIGHT
rr:Ja> Ever.lr.K «nJ SHturday Matlne*.
The Dttntlfal Baited Opera.
••/V\/\RITAIN/\.
Thurnday nvcnlr.i;. Verdi's Superb Trluir.j'h,
••OTHELLO/*
Fntur^ny T!viT.tr.r. the Gn-nt DouWe RilL
•CAVALLKRIA* iitii •pAGLIArri."
Sunday NlKht, Farewell to S»la*«a and Aye-
Cann. in Verdi* Glrriou* Creation. "A IDA."
rOI'UI-AR PRICES - - 15 and DO cant*.
Telephone tat nents, I. .-:, i.
Next WVk- The World* Most "•aful
r.mic f. r era. "TiiE HOOLAH."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEKJnsaßrac
My Friend %
From India, *
•*nullrtln"-L. R. FfricweM keep* dM tail-
•nc« UuKhlng urtll they can hardly breath*.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Nert W»*k— "SAINTS AND SINNERS."
OLYMPIA cor. mason
THE ONLY TREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
Home frcm tht Klondike, loaded with sold
nucreta.
CAD WILSON.
The Millionaire!* Soubrette.
Flrrt ArT'"B>ranc«.
COLE AND COLE,
AERIAL ARTISTS.
MATTIE NICHOLS,
America* •" m ateat Jmrk nnd trlr.ir dancer.
AND NINE OTHER VAUDEVILLE STARS.
ADMISSION TREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
MACDONOIGH THHATER— Oakland.
TO-NIGHT— 4 Nlrt-.tn-MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Tcrur.a; American Traite-llmne,
NANCE O\M:.L.
T-vtiirht, "Miutda": Thursday Erenin». "The
Jew«t»"; Friday E% - enlnir. "School for Stati-
cal": SATURDAY MATINEE. "CAMILLE";
Eiturday Evening, "Oliver Twl»f-"
I'RICES-TJc COc, :;c— 6eat« Now btlUnt.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER !•(;'«
RAIN OR 6H< I -Till V WILL COME!
A i'housnnd i urn Awny l.nst Night !
Til ALL * KENNEDY'S
Everlasting Anglo-Swedish Dialect Succesn,
YON pT-K , i
: Landslide '.
YONSON!i^ r; j
[>on't M!*s tfc* Or^at Lumbermen's Quartet.
roiTLAR II nverjln* 75c. cAc. 2sc
PRICES I) Matliw We. r.c
nEMEMBER SPECIAL SUNDAY MATINEE
EXTRA I
..•-.. HEATS READY TO-
.•!**-, •- morrow yon
.' "Wrf»^-». . THE FAVOIUTE
/ alP||3 \Frawley Company
* * £}*& •In a Stupendous Produo-
■ \ /^iSBBBT • 1'
• ? rv^Sr .* Uon of the Gr^at Eng-
** '^~~ — *" • IlFh Ilaclnjf Drsma,
\J£ m \/ "i HE SPORTiNG
*• * DUCHESS."
PTWPAT NIOHT NEXT.
NntwltJiMan.llng the Great \~\\.<-m*> of This
Presentation there will be no advance In Price*.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. NOV. 72.
Parquvt. lie. any s<-it; liaJcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. lOr, any p*rt.
SHOWER OF METEORS STILL IN TOWN ! !
CVKA STI'AKT AN!) COMPANY. In th«
munical corn-Ay. '"THE FAIR EQUESTRI-
ENNE."
MKJNON. America's greatest ch'.ld dancer.
RICE AND ELMER, in "A RUBE VISIT
TO CHINATOWN."
LUCIE VERNIER, the famous instrumental
murlclan.
RYAN AND R!«"HFIELr>. CHERIDAH
SIMPSON. BURTONS ACP.OBATIC DOGS
AMERICAN ;:K>ORAPH.
Ltst »-«*k of the famr-usi IVxUlan. beauty.
CORNILLE.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN MJ.
A ITRF 1 FURORE!
EVERT EVENINU.
Rlc's Famous Extravaganza,
Evangeline!
ApplaudM to the erho ev<*ry eveninx by
crowds and enthusiastic houses. Don't mist
Chas. H. Jrnes" Greati-nt Trlumfh. The March
of Patriotic Colcr*. by l!eaut!ful Girls. B«e th<»
Minuet a la Watteau by Switching Coryphee*.
The Funniest anj Most Enjoyable Entertain-
ment ol the Year.
PRiCE<S. SV, 3.>. Be He. 10c.
Good Reserved Sint» at Saturday Matinee. 25c.
Itranch Ticket Office. Emporium.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Meeting. November 20 to December 2.
111I 11 -. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Ractr.a; Mi.nday. Tumday. Weilnesday, Thurs-
day. FriJjiy aiid Faturdny. Ruin or khlne.
Five or iner* rac»» each day.
Hacci start it 2:li p. tn. • irp.
Ferr>--b^»ts leave San Krancl»co at d m. and
12S0. 1. 1 :S-j. 2. 2:30 anl 3 p. to., connecting
with train* ttoppias at the entrance to tht
track. l.i»it two cars on train reserved for ] a
•■. «•- anl their escort*: r.o timcklng. Uuy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via
Otkland mole connect with San Pnblo avenue
electric cars at S-'tventh and IlroaJtvay. Oak-
land. Al»o all train* via AlameJa mole con-
nect wlih San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. The!<e «Jectrlc cars
go direct to the track tn fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains lenve the track nt 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
T! Io J? A f,ii WH-I-lAMS JR.. President.
R n Mli.nov. Ff-Tflary.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND^oo?^^^
FRAKK MALL
Subduinc "Wallace." the M.n«ter Lion.
MAJOR MITE MAJOR MITE
High Diver and a On-at Phow
Try to Die In the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
To-Morrow, Thursday, Mght,
AMATLUR MIKADO iinsti lsi
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
STEEPLECHASE.
CENTRAL PARK. ? I To nn 1 < !^ r r
Jffrr!es-Fltx«lmmoni Fight, entire 11 rounds.
Profe**or Hill, the darlnr Hitch Wire i;-,.
former. The Ulowcr. Flldina; Floors. Human
Cage. Aerial Slide. Bicycle Hippodrome. a
Holt Of Other*.
THE RAZZLE-DAZZLE.
ADMISSION. 10c Includes a ride on the
hcrces. Prefrnt« to the winners.
CONGE
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THD
,VIIRI -\ KIP ORPHANAGE
Manof^ment of MR. DAVID W. LORING,
SHERMAN". CLAY & CO.'B HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING Nov. 2J. ISSS
At 8:1* t/clock.
Ticket*. M cents. Including Reserved Seat.
New .11 Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
NEW WESTER* HOTEL,
KEAJiNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. Mo to II <«> day;
IS tcrtb week; U to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: flr« grates la trery
room, elevator runs all night. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1899.
COLLIERS OFF COOS BAY IN A SOUTHEASTER.
THE South Portland. Empire and Arcata all stnrtM for Ban Framlsco at the same time, but after a tew hours' buffet
ing the Arcata put back. The South Portland and Empire held on. The former arrived yeßterday after a tempestuous
raPFHjce. nnd the Emi'ire Is expected at any time. Every steamer comlnp from Pucet Sound and way ports to San
Francisco for a month past has been behind time on account of the long-contlnuod southeaster.
STORM-TOSSED
SHIPS TRYING
TO MAKE PORT
A Score of Coasters
Now Ove'due.
SOUTH PORTLAND'S HARDTIME
CAUGHT IN TWO STORMS WHILE
ON HER WAY HERE.
Arcata Returned to Coos Bay — Tho
Empire Followed the South Port
land Into the Storm — More
Transports for Manila.
The «rvithe«ster that has raged along
ast for over a month now has play
ed havoc with shipping. The harkentlne
I md the whaling oark
lid ere known Tn have been wreck
.\:i vessol has be^n s^en
tom-up off Flattery
and an unknown schooner wai« r
ashore IT < .rmnnah Point a few .iay«
aqn. A fcore of lumber and coal ships
are over-lue and all the steamers coming
and have been from tea
■ . behind time. Th
les for a few hours at a time but
comes Up aga'n with rt>:iewt>!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOCOOOOOOGCOOOOOOCOOOO
1 1. on mi
0 A)
Q o
§ WILL •
I PLACE ON SALE!
I THIS DAY I
* o
• 100 LADIES' TAILOft-MADE <>
g JACKETS, In Black and §
q Blue; made of fine Kersey q
O Cloth. Satin faced, neatly 0
• finished; extra good value 8
® for 57.50; will be offered at g
1 $5.00 1
2 o
• Q
s •
§ JUST RECEIVED— A Large g
• shipment of •
{ NEWMARKETS. I
g S
! J, O'BRIEN & CO.!
•I 1146 MARKET ST §
O Bit. Taylor and Muon. 0
o o
ooooeccoooocooeeoooooQ
FORTUNES
JIN OIL!
! CONTINENTAL OIL AND !
DLVELOPMENT CO. j
(Incorpoated.)
ONLY 6000 SHARES,
! of which 1000 were put on 'he j
j market and over half sold the first :
I ten days. ■; ' >
i Thi« Is a penulne opportunity for
! an oil Investment. The Company ■
! owns by United States patent >
i five twenty-acre tracts In the
"OIL BASIN," ;
i Kings County, the richest oil bear- \
Injts In the entire belt.
' We have ninde arrangements for •
' the latest Improved machinery and j
will shortly be boring for oil. at |
which time stock cannot be had at z
! any price.
NO ASSESSMENTS.
! AE. RUDEL.L. Sec. '
i 222 Sanson-.e street.
WTLXJAM CORBIN. Pres. {
JWjl FV W ff^feSKi^ *V I r * r^ iv T*
L N||v HOEFIL cn
v VII Vr li^ rantAv -
TlllfBO&l
G&EXZI 326.
the vessel Is lucky that can hold her own
agalnbt it. There is not much fear fur
the overdues, but some of them are ro
long out that the owners are afraid they
may be short of provisions.
An;. ; '!•• fleet now overdue at this
port the following are the longest out:
chooners S. Dunlelson 34. Ame.hyst 33
an.) Ralph J. Long 22 lays from Tilla
mook. The Amethyst was spoken a
week ago by a steamer, which supplied
her with j.rovlsions. The (Up Spartan
and the uarkontine John Smith are both
out twenty-five days from Seattle and
the schooner Challenger thirty-three days
out from Tacoma. The latter vessel «aa
at anchor in Neah '■'■<_■ for several days
before passing out throught the Straits.
The chances ure that the entire fleet has
been hove to the bulk of the time and
the rest of the time making Its way
aguttl.«t the adverse winds.
The steam collier South Portland ar
rived from Coos Bay yesterday and Cap
tain Hall reports unusually he-ivy
weather all the way down the coast. The
South Portland. Empire and Arcsia wore
all bar-bound In Coos Hay for two days.
but on Saturday last they got a slant
and passed out over the bar nt noon.
"A heavy southeast gala was blowing,"
paid Captain Hall yesterday, "and after
about an hour of It the captain of the
Arcata yut back. The Empire still held
on, however, and the last time I saw rer
she was off Cape Arago. It came up
very thick for a few hours and when it
cleared the Empire was not in Bight. Up
to 10 p. m. yesterday it blew a hurricane
and then it moderated. All day Bun
day It blew fresh nnd there was a very
heavy sea. Sunday night It began to
rage again and all day Monday we
caught it. There were times when going
full speed we did not make three knots
an hour p.nd then again we would get
i a slant and come along at a fairly good
gait. Under the circumstances we did
very well indeed In making the run In
seventy hours.
The steamer State of California arrived
from the Columbia River yesterday after
noon. She wag ten hours behind time,
having taken fifty-three hou"rs to come
down from Astoria.
The steamer Townsend arrived In
Puget Sound yesterday and reports the
old I.aura.ia a total wreck on St. Georges
, Island. The Laurada was on her way to
Cape Nome, but was caught In a succes
sion of storm* and run ashore to save
life. The Townsend was fitted out .iere
with wrecking appliances and sent north
to salve the cargo and If possible save
the vessel. Much of the cargo was re
covered, but the old filibuster will never
be seen again.
Thf news also comes from Seattle to
the Merchants' Exchange that the wreck
of the whaling bark Mermaid was sold to
a Captain White for $400.
J. Daily, the popular chief clerk of the
Merchants' Exchange. Is back at his desk
after a two weeks' vacation spent In Yolo
County. Mr. Dally had not been In very
good health before he went away for his
holiday, but he Is now as well as erer.
He received a very warm welcome when
he appeared "on 'change" last Monday.
Mrs. Dally accompanied her husband
i during his wanderings in Yolo County.
There are not many transports left In
port after the exodus of Monday. The
Duke of Fife and th« St. Paul got away
yesterday morning after going into the
stream Monday night. The Duke of Fife
was •lav.cl owing to the fact that *ome
of her life preservers and life rafts had
not been nut aboard, hut as soon as that
oven whs rectified she went to sea.
The transports Ohio and Indiana went
to Poisons-street wharf yesterday and
will probably get away to-morrow. The
Columbia was moved to Stuart street and
she and the Dalny Vostok are scheduled
to sail Saturday. The Warren Is still on
the Hunters Point drydock, having her
steering gear and rudder fixed up. She
will probably come to the Government
wharf on Thursday. She will not get
away until the end of the month.
GENERAL DOWNPOUR
BENEFITS THE STATE
LAURELS GO TO MOUNT TAMAX-
PAIS' RECORD OF 2.51.
South Needed the Storm, but Sacra
mento Valley Could Have Done
With a Slighter Wetting.
At 11:15 yesterday ; morning the storm,
which has been SO long BOT«rtug over the.
; city and State, let loose In all Its fury.
For fully three-quarters of an hour the
gutters were converted Into veritable tor
rents and timid pedestrians compelled to
seek hasty shelter from the furious
< downpour. Although there has be<»n a
i liberal distribution of rain during the last
I rorty-eight hours, yrst< rday*s storm
! capped the climax. Since Monday night
( Ity inches have fallen, making the sea
■OpaJ rainfall from July 1 to November
! 21 7 5K inches, a big difference from the
i FiiKill total of 2.28 Inches recorded last
year. The storm has distributed Its
i favor* all over the Stato. t.elng heaviest
'In the north. In the yn<rnm^nto Valley
while nut doing any partk ular harm, the
f.'iil whs a little too plentiful, but the
farmers of the southern districts aro
Jubilant.
A clear sky greeted Fresno yesterday
morning, but at 10 o'clock half an inch
, had fallen, while at 5 p. in. .a lm-h r.-.i.e
According to reports received
at that hour last night th<> .1 iwnpour *as
Ju.st starting at Wlnnemucc*, while at
of an im-h h.nl fallen in
twenty-four hours ami It whh still rain-
No r ;i i n waa reported from r.niFP
City and the same applies to Fuma. The
pain must be ceded to M m t Tam&ipnia,
i where ther»* f''ll LSI inches more than In
1 t-'an PranciSCO. which Is r.ne of the henvl
esl falls recorded f<>r fifty ytt rs.
i'..i- ■ Ofßctel Alexander :tM
| atate<l last night that the rßir. wl! ' QsTr
I up at least twenty-four hovrs i<>nt; •
KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL. Nov. 21— regular monthly
drawing for November of the Canadian Royal
Art Union, by which the winning prizes of the
Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held to-day
Th« first six prizes arc: 16704. J15.000; 3410. $4000
INK ■■•'■■■ $1000; 66705. liOO; S9IBB. $600. •
Will L«ase "Pavilion."
The trustee? of the Mechanics" Institute
hHd their regular meeting last night.
Resolutions were adopted honoring the
memory of J. H. Culver, a late ti
Resolution* were als»o passed testifying
to the worth of Frank 11. Greaves, who
retires from the Mechanics 1 to the charge
of the Alameda Public Library. It was
also resolved to advertise for proposals In
regard to the leasing of the Mechanics'
Pavilion property for a term of years.
LAST OF THE
VOLUNTEERS IN
PRESIDIO CAMPS
Arrival of the Forty-
Ninth Infantry.
ONE BATTALION IS MISSING
MORE TROUBLE IN THE TENNES-
SEE REGIMENT.
The State Will Not Put Up the Fare,
So Many of the Men Will
Go Home as They
Please.
The last of the volunteer regiments has '
arrived. Not all of it is In. but there Is
enough to warrant the speedy appearance j
of the remainder, and before this even
ing, unless there Is another smashup on
the Southern Pacific lines. The first two
I battalions of the Forty-ninth caught the
I rain as they left the cars at Fourth and
! Townsend street*, and they took it with
them out to the Presidio. The Forty-
I ninth Is camped In the tents of the Forty
1 fourth, to the right of the terminus of
the Union-street cars.
The regiment came West from Jeffer
son Barracks, Mo., in three sections and
a baggage train. As usual with troops
there was a wreck, but this time It af
fected the baggage train. One horse was
injured, but he will got well again, and
one car was so badly damaged that it
had to be sidetracked. Altogether five
cars were derailed. Following after
I the baggage train were two sections, each
carrying a battalion of the regiment.;
The third battalion Is somewhere on the j
way now, and it is hoped It will get in
to-day.
The Forty-ninth Is under command of
I Colonel Beck. Its lieutenant colonel
lls A. C. Ducat. formerly an aid
I on General Shafter's staff, who
j became well-known here in the
line of his official duties. He Is an In
fantry officer who has a record for gal
! lantry won In the Cuban campaigns.
Colonel Beck Is an officer of the Tenth
Cavalry, U. S. A., a colored mounted I
regiment.
There is more trouble over the home
goliig of the Tennessee Regiment. It has
been announced to the men that the State
will not pay their railroad fare back !
home, a position which is in strong con
trast to every other State whose volun
, teers have landed here in San Francisco.
They have all paid the fares of the men.
There is not a regiment of State volun- j
teers that has not gone home on a special
train hired by the State to wnich they
belonged, ana Tennessee is the first to |
ask the men to give up part of their last
pa] to xhe railroads. As a consequence !
there are a great many of the men who
have Joined with those who said they
would not go home as a body nor woflld
they take part In any State demonstra
tion in their behalf. It looks as though
there will be no more than 300 of the
Tennessee soldiers who will go home to
gether and parade at Nashville on their
1 arrival. The soldiers blame the Gov
ernor of the State for the condition of I
affairs.
Reports .rom the detention camp at
Angel Island, where the Forty-eighth
1 Regiment is In quarantine, anouuee th« '
presence ol three cases of smallpox con
tracted Since the regiment was Isolated.
Reports from the detention camp at the
Presidio show two cases and one suspect.'
who Is more than probably affected with
the disease. \
The Ohio will clean the Presidio out of
recruits when she Balls, for there is an
order out that she shall take away four I
hundred and there Is not more than two
! hundred and fifty at the post now. This
i will leave the Presidio devoid of recruits
i for the first time since the war broke out.
Of these two hundred and fifty one
i hundred are ordered to the Indiana un- i
der command of Captain E. A. Fry,
■ Thirty-sixth Infantry, and Second Lieu- ;
i tenant Joseph Brady, Fourth Infantry i
I This will leave but few for the Ohio.
Second Lieutenant F. C. Kellond, For
1 tieth Infantry, has been ordered to pro
ceed to Manila by the transport Indiana.
First Lieutenant John 11. lieyburn.
Forty-fourth Infantry, and Second Lieu
tenant Watson Llndsey, Thirty-fourth
Infantry, and the detachment of men left
behind in the hospital after the regiment
was released from quarantine have also
been ordered to proceed to the Philip
pines on the transport Indiana.
The Fortieth Infantry has been assign
ed to transport In this way: Headquar
ters band and six companies to the trans
port Ohio, to sail to-morrow If nothing
■happens; two field officers and rlx com
panies to mi!' on the Indiana on the sane
I date. Major Harry B. Mulford, Thirty-
Ninth Infantry, has been ordered to leave
on the Indiana, previous orders asslgring
I him to the Ohio having been revoked
Second Lieutenant O. L. Spauldlng
Third Artillery, has been assigned to Al
cntri?3 for temporary duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Evan P.
llowell. having been left at Honolulu by
tho return of the stock ship Centennial,
! has been ordered to proceed to Manila by
the first available stock ship that shall
touch at that port.
Mission to Discuss Bond Issue.
The question of bond issue was dls-
Mnaed at a meeting of the Mission Fed
erated Clubs at Maennerbuml Hall on
Potrero avenue last night. Considering
the gravity of the question involved
George W. Center spoke of the necessity
of having a larger meeting of property
own*r» present befOM the club would
place Itself on record as for or against
the lssu<v He therefore made a mnti.ni.
which wns adopted, that a mass-meeting
be held in the same hall (Ma^nnerbund)
on Sunday. December 17. at 2p. m. At
this meeting speakers will be invited to
| give their views on tho bond question.
Boston Shoe Repairing- F"r"y. Snlln*. <Se, Jn 15
mln. USO Mkt, bet. 7th & Bth. Q. Pollock, M*r.»
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS: READING COURSES.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
in. READING COURSES AND A
GIRLS LIBRARY.
The Reading of Novels.
No more common disease affects the
reading public than the love of novels.
If the intelligence of girls were In pro
portion to the amount of fiction they rc\.d.
the future would be bright. The indis
criminate selection of novels is what
makea the situation especially la 1 It Is
rot contended •■ I works of I
Should have no place in a gtrl's 111 I
On the contrary, tlctloii is ■ department
Of literature which
re I>r. W. T Harris styles it
"the bait by which we create a 1
reading, and It should lead nut t<
reading, especially In the line of science
and history and philosophy." A child
should read much fiction, but the amount
should be lessened as the years go by. |
A girl of 10 may read live times as many
novels as works of poetry, biography,
science or history. When she has reached
to) her literary taste has been poorly culti
vated if fiction forms half of what she
reads. Ideals have their place no doubt ,
in the aspirations of youth. It Is not, J
therefore, surprising that children readily
read books that stimulate the love of the
Imaginative. Thousands of persons are
reached by the noveiist who are too young
to follow the essayist or the biographer
or to appreciate the dearer vision of the
poet. Undoubtedly the great writers of j
fiction have been valuable teachers of I
the masses. The good novel will cultl- |
vate the del re 1 • KCeJ In what Is en- j
nobllng. A certain class of sentimental !
novels present serious dangers to the i
mtrnla of persons dissatisfied with their i
conditions. The 'works of Action perused'
should give a true and not a false view
of life. The novel has Its place because |
the imagination cannot be fully satisfied j
with history, biography, travel or even
poetry.
It Is the abuse and not the use of fic
tion that is at fault. The only pra
ble plan is to regulate ri"vi raiding.
There Is such an übundance of gr.od Ac
tion that tb< re Is no excuse for spending
time with what Is only second or third
rate. Many a girl spends hours In
Ing books which no good Judge of litera
ture would ever add to tier library. It Is
not enough to avoid novels which stimu
late the passions, :«nore or mislead the
conscience or i
are fundamentally false and debasli |
read only :. novels is k
but this advice Is not enough. :
not the b.-st kind of literature f"t
men or women. 1
even good novels ar.- r.<>t always well In
are often very shal
low In their estimate of huniin cl
ter. rhii'iren naturally like stories, but
surely a girl should not always remain a
child, icetrf-.-iin will cloy the appetite if
a m.-al Is begun with It.
It until the more substantial artlci
eaten. In Ilk'- manner, tiie first part of
one's lelsu: day might !
ployed in reading solid works of litera
ture.
If fiction were taken up as a recreation
Its advantages would be more lasting. It
is impossible for a girl to love Dickens
without becoming large hearted. If she
appreciates Thackeray she will receive
thoughts of value. The works of Mrs.
Mulock-Cralk, Miss Alcott and Black
have given many a girl In a rough and
poor home an Insight Into what develops
a higher womanhood. It is a mistake to
suppose a girl should read whatever Is
for the time popular.
How to Read.
To know how to read Is as important as
to know what to read. It la useless to
not Interest but mere in
terest Is Uttle good unless the intellectual
and moral faculties are cultivated. <iir!-<
Often read without having an) p
In view. Desultory habits are ir .
to a student. Every one should be a
Htuhnt. To read a f*w jiag. s here and
B few pases there, without any definite
- Is a gr*
department of study should be i I
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
11. ARITHMETIC OF THE OFFICE.
Lesson No. I— Proportion.
It Is taken for grantpd in these lessons
that the* student understands the ele
mentary rules of arithmetic, including
fractions.
The subject of proportion as It Is gen
erally set forth In arithmetic la best ex
plained by Illustrations:
Example a. If 7 yards of cloth cost 63
cents, tlnd the cost of 12 yards.
It 7 yards cost 63 cents 1 yard will
cost C 3-5-7, or 3 cents, and 12 yards will
cost 12X9, or $1 OS. Now 7 bears the same
relation (ratio) to 12 that til does to 10S.
These two ratios, when placed together,
axe called a proportion:
7 : 03 : : 12 : 108
7 : 12 : : 63 : 10S
Here we have two proportions. The 7
yards bears the same ratio to its price
that the 12 yards bears to Its price, and
the 7 yards bears the i uae relation to the
12 yards that the price in one instance
bears to the price in the other.
Example U. If 5 men can do a piece of
work In 12 days, in how many days can 6
men do the work?
If 5 men can do the work in 12 days 1
man can do the work in |> 12. or 60, days,
and 6 men can do it la one-sixth of the
time, or 10 days.
Example C. If 27 1 , yards of cloth cost
$10 23, what will 22& yards cost?
It Ib necessary to divide by 27' ito find
the cost of 1 yard, and to multiply the
quotient by :(."•.. in find the .
yards. The simplest way to do this is
by what is known in arithmetic as can
cellation.
This can be rcj : ■ •■ ns follows:
To divide by n\t I*s equal to multiply
ing by 2 nn«l dividing ' nd to mul
tipl>
and dividing by 2. B) cancellation the
labor is reduced, as shown below:
The same result Is obtained by multi
plying l"'-3 by 32> 2 ami dividing the prod
uct by IT 1 -. Here we divide 5 into 65
thirteen times and into 55 elev. n tin -
11 ilivi<]*-a IOCS nln. ty-thrt c times, ami J
cancels 2. The result is 1.1 times' I
The studi-nt will ni>w pro 06 id |o
iotva the following examples:
1. If T7', yards of cloth are worth 19
find the value of 1000 yards.
2. A certain article of merchandise Is
marked Jl 36 a dozen. Find the value of
43 such articles.
and a definite line followed. The read,
ing habits of some persona are largely
mechanical. A book to be useful must
be read in such a manner as to stimulate
the brain, enlarge the undemanding and
Inspire to noble purpose. It is foolish to
devour many books without some settled
plan. Unless reflection follows, it does
ilttle good to read. Elizabeth Uarrett
Browning gays: "We err by reading too
much and out of proportion to what wo
think." The gifted poetess has recom
mended concentration. Too often there
Ist no system In the selection of books, and
what is read dots not cultivate thought.
Many persons regard thinking- as hard
work. They forget that effort, self-con
trol and e\>n hard work may be needed
if mental growth is not to be stunted.
There may te real enjoyment with dis
cipline.
It is well to have regular hours for
reading. If possible a set time should b>
assigned for study. With many periona
this may be difficult. Every girl has,
however, some opportunity for self-Im
provement. Women have been known t.>
read while waiting for the kettle to boll
or while rocking the bale* to sleep. Mary
Somervllle. authoress of "The MechanUm
of the Heavens." did much valuable work
as a student, although she had also to
take care of her family. Devotion to th»
customs of modern society should not bo
allowed to stand In the way of Intellec
tual progress. Better to decline attend
ing some of the "at homes" than to be
Ignorant of books. Conversation li en
joyable when there is something to tal!:
about. A girl who knows nothing Is
very poor company. An intelligent
young woman, if she has culture at tho
same time. Is nure to gain esteem.
So far as possible, a person's rea-ih g
should be by subjects. The subject
chosen should have sume bearing upuii
the duties of life. / Many girls .iave no
special course marked out for them
selves. They take up their time wltn
the first book— usually a novel— that
comes to hand. Their 111 of far-> ha« no
reference to the kind of food which Is
needed to promote mental growth. At
tention to one., subject at a time aoes not
Imply that the reader should become ac
quainted with only one branch '.f knowl
edge. For the majority of girl- generil
information Is required. Of course, it a
young woman Is preparing herself fcr
some special calling, special reading will
be necessary. The ftiggestlor.s given In.
these papers have particularly In view
that numerous class of girls who do not
expect to follow professional pursuits.
The art of skipping Is a very (.eslrabla
one if wisely employed. For young per-
Eon.s it has its dangers, as It leads t >
puperflclal reading. A well-read student
can get at the pith fa paragraph wit**
out going through every line. One ho Is
familiar with the dally newspapers .'s
able, II Intelligent, to see at a gtanco th<»
facts and arguments of an article. The
art of skipping Is ally the art <f shun
ning what Is frivolous, misleading or for
eign to the ma n purpose. It ' evident
that this power of careful selection re
quires the keenest faculty of perception
and an eye that sweeps In everything n
Its range. Too many girls have a cer
tain habit of skipping whlrh Is harmful.
A-< a .e^ult their reading become*
scrappy and fragmentary. It lacks thor
oughness. Th*»y get probably what they
are seeking, but what they gather Is of
the lightest character possible.
Reading should not be continued when
the mind Is fatigued. Fo- the majority
of persons this advice Is unnecessary.
Apart from novel reading, there li not
much excessive attention to good litera
ture. Intellectual Idleness Is on? of tho
most prevalent diseases of the day. Some
Persons dream away two-thirds of llf*.
Indolent sentiment satisfies th«» multi
rode, rather than the storm an.l bartls
of life. The star of hope above does
not guide as many as would be desirable.
At the same time. It must be acknowl
edged that some young women are un
mindful of health In their lam:ab!o ef
forts to gain knowledge. When th«
mind Is exhausted books should ba la! 1
aside. To rob the mind or body rf
rest brings Its inevitable penalty. Great
readers should be gre.it thins Intel
ligent thought demands that the brain
have time to recuperate.
Note— The pnpers In "Reading Courses
and a Girl's Library" have beer, prepared
by John Millar. M. A. They will be con
tinued next week,
3. If 9*4 pounds of cheese cost 11 63 find
the cost of 71;7 1 ; pounds.
4. If 12 men can do ■ piece of work In 84
days, in how many days can 2* men do It?
5. If M acres of land cost |223»;, what will
127 acres cost at the same rate?
6. In what time will a boy earning 274
cents a day earn as much a* a man earns
In 150 days at 12 47 a day?
7. If five-eighths of a pound of tea coats
50 cents, what should three-fourths of a
pound cost?
8. A can do a piece of work In eight
days; B can do the samp work In twelve
days. How long should they be In doing
It if they worked together?
I. If a turkey weighing 94 pounds cost
Jl 33. what should one cost which welvhd
14H pounds?
li. The freight on 1550 pounds for «0
miles is $1 20; how far should 2170 poults
be carried for the same money?
11. Five electric lights burning seven
hours a day cost '. 10 a month. At tho
same rato find the cost of twelve electric
lights burning ten hours a day for one
year.
12 If 42*4 yards of cloth 30 Inches wide
cost $51 30, how much should 100 yards of
the same cloth 35 Inches wide cost?
13. If 20 men can build a wall SCO feet
long 10 feet high and 13 Inches thick In II
days, working eight hours a day, how
thick a wall 600 feet long and 15 feet M»n
can 15 men build In 21 days, working nine
hours a day?
14. A map of a county Is drawn on a
scale one-tenth of an inch to a mile: what
area on the map will represent a lake 576)
acres In extent?
15. At what rate per hour is a train trav
eling if it passes a post in two and a half
seconds and Is 165 feet long?
Hints and Answers.
Lesson No. 1— (1) J24<); (2) $5 1&: (3) $1 20*
(4) 25 days: (5) $10,922; («) 983 days; (7) 60
cents: If flve-clghths cost 50 cents one
eighth will cost 10 cents and eight-etgh'hs
or one pound will cost eight times ten or
80 cents: (S) four and four-fifths days—
can do one-eighth In a day and i: can jo
one-twelfth in a day, together they can do
6-24 in a day, or the whole work In 24—5
or 4 4-1 days; (9) $1 "jV (10) 350 miles: <11>
$*G 40— five lights burning seven hours a
day s 35 lights burning one hour a day li
lights burning 10 hours a day = 120 lights
burning one hour a day: If thirty-five
llshts cost $2 10 per month, find the cost
of l-"0 lights for one year; (12) $141: (13)
134 inches. Arrange In separate ratios *r
follows:
20:15
000:800
15 : 10 : : IS :
14 : 21
« : 9
15X800X10X21X9X13
<14> .09 of a square inch; (15) 45 rrn. |
■our.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World* Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificate*.
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Active trading in local securities.
Si her ami Exchange as before.
Wheat doing better all over the world.
Barley for call board purposes firmer.
Oats and Rye firm, but quiet.
Corn practically cleaned up and higher.
Beans firm. Seeds unchanged.
Hay dull and 'Leak.
Feedstuff s show no change. Straw higher.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter rather steadier, -with a car shipped to New York.
Eggs firm, with fresh Eastern about cleaned up.
Poultry weak under free supplies of Eastern.
Game easy, though receipts are lighter.
Oranges lower. Lemons and Limes plentiful.
Pried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about the same.
Moderate demand for Provisions.
Wool sells as fast as it arrives. Hops dull.
Tallow easy, but Hides very stiff.
Small Hogs scarce. Other stock in fair supply.
Linseed Oil and Lucol advanced.
Stocks of Canned Fruit greatly depleted.
Increased exports of Lumber.
Charters.
The Ruth lna.ls coal at Departure Bay for \
nooolahi: Senator, salmon at Victoria fort
l.:\i rpw ; or J- :■■'■ a, 10a.
Tii<- C'ackrr.anr.arthire lna-is har'.ey at Port-
Jcn-3 I'>r Dm*, ; v< ■ ;:rlc rto arrival.
Lumb'r 'irsJe.
"•;-!-!« c* Lvmher from this port during the
Isnrt teji raosth. of the year amnunt to 15.U1.
v< f.-.t. vaiued at }4M.504. acalnst 16.713,000
feet at {J:>4.^ for the sarr.e t'.nie in ISSI.
Our Immense Exports.
A lncal trade Journal say.:
"'The hUrhwt recimS of the century is prom
ise! la the foreign commerce of the United
State.. October exports exceed those of any J
former October, and for the ten months ended
I•• i. ; : n \vr>- Jl. ;?.:45.1«". aca!nst $?»7.K79.(»)
Icr toe <sirren«^ding ten months of I£9S. mak
ing a tntal of exjwrt. and imports amounting
to f1.07.C17.4ir, for \t* ten months ended *'*•
t"t«er IL It is thought the R.O'jO.nOO.ftK) mark
tnay be n-aohed Sy January X.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
The New York Cotr.merclal says:
'Trices have reached a level where buyers
proceed with cxir*-rue caution and trade lags
la consequence. No one dares invest heavily
at j resent prtoet, for fear that the market
will to dnwn and leave him a loss. I»e-
Uv<-rl<** ar<» hlt;w. owlr.g to the partial famine
It: :ieisht cars, preventing the railroads send
ir.r fi rward the kj-^ls as fast as they are
*ar.!r<d.
"IVacbea are univrtalr.. and buyer, and
•teHer. are a Utj: way u^art In their views
as to prices. Some holders sre asking as high
as r7o for fruit which does not »h~w any
l.«tt.-r than that whjrh sells at 20®21c and
wtiica east 17c. Th«* is no rawenvnt at pres
♦•:.t bTSTTF^ handk-rs dare not take •thing
nntbex ur.t'.l the »-xact condition of the mar
ket and tJie j>robable course of prices is bet
ler utii'.irrtixjd.
"Aprtoots are all in secnr.d hand, and sell
at Men trice*.
"Prunes are dull, with perhaps a trifle
weaker feeling in s.ime size* due to the satis
faction of the wants of buyers for the present.
Movement on the coast Is reported slow and
rcni* holdtrn aii«ear to be wl'.llng to shade
jiTices to «et ri«! of their huldinrs. Fj>->t move
x:i« :it In flnr, with <Vnand cmSned apparently
to Immediate consumptive wants."
Weather Report.
n;^h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 21— S p. m.
The following are the i-*asonal rainfalls to
£ate. as compared with those of same date last
ttuun, and rainfall In last twer.ty-four hmirs:
La»t This Last
Ftatlons— 24 hours, seaaon. season.
rur.ki I.2'i 12.42 6.M
W '. !'-!uff <*<» « 2J l.f-4
Facraniento ».« «V$ 1.50
fan Prandseo LSI 7.M 2.28
rr»-»no O.W 3 40 1.4J
Jnleji'-ndence 0.C2 f).V) 0.57
far. Luis O!>ispo f>M 8.7S 0.67
J*.s Angela (V.46 2.42 0.18
Bun liiego Trace 1.14 0.11
Vumi O." 0 0.68 O.IS
Kan Franf-lsm data: Maximum temperature.
14: minimum. W; mean. tt.
WEATHEIi OONWTIONB AND GENERAL
FOIUfTCAST.
' A storm of cor.fiJ-rable extent overlies the
Paelflc O-.a.rt. Rain has fallen fn^m Neah Bay
to Pan I*!»-gn. The pressure Is beginning to
r'*» rar!'*.ly ti'ifr.r the northern const: The
tt ,rm u-11l pr fcablT pass noutheastward through
Southern Calirorr.la and over Ariiuna. Another
*'■ rr.t las mside Its a;i;>earance on the northern
• 1 ".. boi will pn.hat>ly move eastward through
Urn Uritlh-h posswsl^ns.
The full..wlng tnaxinium wind relocltles are
r>-;>. rtnd: F'.rt Catihy. 41 mile, per hour from
th^ .uintlf it: Carson City. 48 mile, from the
v.^t; I ndtj-endw. 40 miles from the south;
}Y!!.rw'R;ucca, 32 miles from the southwest.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
ti un> «-nJir.g ml'Jniitht. November 22. 1S9&:
Xortbcna California— Temix»raTlly fair weather
W»>dn»»<lay. «Ith lncrea*ir.g cloudiness, and
rri.t>ably shower, by eight; fresh southwesterly
P .uthern Ca!lfomla-R«ln early Wednesday
tnornlnc; cloudy Wednesday; fresh southerly
«Inda.
Nevada-Fhow*rs Wednesdar.
Utah— ShowtTn Wednesday; cooler.
Arlxona— P«ow»t» Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Temporarily fair
w«ather Wednesday, followed by occasional
,v, v :■•:>. northrrly. chanrlr.g to southerly.
minis. ALEXANDER O. • ••I'll-:.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
i Yurk Stock Ma
NEW YORK. Nov. - -The character of the
securities mark«t to-day continued much the
amrae ** yesterday, that Is. ln an attitude of
vuitlng. There w<r*> no signs of speculative
furore. ao4 no large organized buying wii
In fildence and such a market hfi* a natural
t<n>s«-ney to gravitate downward. Selling pres
sure was not severe, however, hoiaers of stocks
I 'Iru onter.t ar>p*«ently to retain their hold
ing* v.rid *«lt lor the money situation to work
ltM.lt out. The rory colored view* of the in
(toeac* to be wrought by the redemption of
Co\ err.rm-nt bonds have aj>parently been modi
fled. T.'ie offerings of bonds at the New York
•üb-treafury were iwjmewhat larger again than
vrtti rday. but thtre were no sign* of the pr. at
Iftffpif of bonds accumulated by great banking
Infretts of which rumors were heard liu-t
*wk. Speculators who were demonstrating for
an advance have been giving assertion* that
triocks <>T flt.UiO.ooo and even of 113.000.000 In
Gnvtrnment bonds were to be presented to the
tub-treaKury and the proceeds used to flood the
money market and force the rate down to a
r.nlnt of ease. There waa no stringency In the
Ki'.ney market to-day, but the money rate
»tllT«-r.ra suggestively to 1« per cent ln the late
dr&llncs. a* if to Intimate 'hat the supply of
fund* lor speculative cnrnmltmenu Is still re
stricted to a narrow compass. Hew York ex
chntiKe at Chicago and nome other Important
outride centers weakened during the lay. the
Chlr»uro rate falling to par. Something wu
heard ii>o of a money stringency to come In
!.■:•!•■. though !i-'*.;iy'» quotations failed to
forecast any such event. Money and discounts
•'.• '::• 1 In 1* r.'V>ri and In Berlin and the
*t«-rling market here was soft. Money was
rtlffly held, however. In Paris, above the Bank
«f Prance's discount rate, i rid this week's ac
tlrn by that Institution Is anticipated with In
tercut. The <*.-j ilne»s of th« stock market was
wnrellcved except by professional rperatlons In
Isolate*! mutants. Manhattan wan supported
••nil retrieved part of yesterday** loss. Sugar
c.n the other hand weakened on denials of re
«v-rit stories of a settlement !n the trade war
f.r-1 leather took a downward plunire on liqui
dation by tired holders. The organised buying
In Haltlmore and Ohio preferred and Southern
Pacific was discontinued. Dm following are
th* principal i-tor-ks that show advances:
North American. ■^melting. Glucose. Lead, Met
ropolitan Elevated. , Rubbsr, reload, Cm
cinnati. Chicago and Et. Louis. Canada South
ern. Che*apoaJc« and Ohio, the Chicago. In- !
dianapolis and Louisville stocks, the Chicago
Terminal Hocks, Rio Grande and Western pre
ferred and Great Northern preferred. Laclede I
Gas was notably weak with an extreme decline j
of 4%, and a rally of 1%.
Profit-taking waie in evidence tronnic specu
lative N->rd Issues nnd the tone of the market
was reactionary- Total sales, par value, Jl,
•
United States old 4s (registered) declined 4.
wl-.ile the new 4s advanced \ In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
-■••""• Closing I
Sold. Stock— Hid.
6.4W Atchison 22*;
M 33 Atchlson irefd (&'%
2.4:7 Baltimore «c Ohio 634
l"0 Canadian Pacific &3 .
4.100 canaoj. Southern n
1.900 Chesapeake a Ohio 2*4 !
1.200 Chicago . -at 'Western 1«», ■
l.iK) Chicago. Burlington A Qulncy 132s '
3.160 Chicago. Ind & Louisville liht •
4*5 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 444 <
4« Chicago A Eastern Illinois W, !
Chicago & Nurthwestern 1674 '
2.'3; Chicago, Hock Island A Pacific 113* :
4.115 CCC ABt I^jujs 614
(00 Colorado Southern i\ i
119 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4s
Colorado Southern 2d ; r<?f I<\» •
110 IVlaware & Hudson 1214
IN . •eiaware, Uackawanna. A Westrr i
2\»o Lvnver & lUo Grande II
IV .' nv(r * Klo Grande prefd 74**
2C"J Erie „ is
l.<" 0 Erie Ist prefd 37
3.2*2 Gr*at Northern prefd 1" !
Hockinit Coal IS
Hocking Valley 24
COO Illinois Central lli
lowa Central 14
lowa Central prefd CS>4 !
Kansas City, l^.ttsburg: & Gulf 8"^ i
200 Lake Erie & Western I*4 j
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 77
LaKe Shore 19S
l.€oo Louisville & Nashville f6
40.1.50 Manhattan Elevate I 1034 '
L2OO Metrojolltan str«rt Railway mm 1 * [
ISO Mexican Central 11 j
too Mmneajxilia & St L<ouls €»4 I
100 Minneapolis &St Louis pr«fd SS I
J. 125 Mlfsourl I'aciflc 4S\i |
100 Mobile & Ohio 45 j
4.S"\> Missouri. Kansas & Texas 12V4 j
>■■' Missouri. Kansas & Texas pivfd 394 t
4fK) Nfw Jersey Central 13t\% I
2.?30 New York Central 136 s-*s -* I
UCiO Norfolk & Western 27
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 7j4 '
4,^«) Northern r*cific r^v j
300 Northern I'acltlc prefd 754 '
646 Ontario & Western 204 ;
Oregon Hallway & Nay 42
Oregon Hailway .v Nay prefd 76 ]
3.760 I'ennsylvanla 130
100 Heading 214
J,:-"0 rieading Ist rrefd MS '
CjO Reading 2d«vr»fd 314 i
Klo Grande Western 37<<» j
850 Rio Grande W«-stern prefd M j
St I«.uis & Pan Krancisco 1&»*
St I»uls & San Fran Ist prefd 72
ECO St Louis & San Fran iJ prefd 3C4 '
SCO St Louis. Southwestern 124 I
SCS St Louis. Southwestern prefd 3!li I
LCCO St Taul 12i4
St Taul prefd 173 1
St Paul & Omaha IIS
14.^35 Southern raclfic 43
4.700 Southern Railway 134
I.SM Southern Railway prefd 67
1.000 Texas & I'aclflc IS«* I
16.775 Union Pacific 49 I
1.235 Union Pacific prefd 76\ i
«T0 Wabash SH
1.2'j0 Wabash prefd 23
I.L- Wheeling & L i: 114
400 Wheellne & I. E Id prefd 30
100 Wisconsin Central 20
Express Companies —
Adams 112 ,
American 14S I
T'nlt«-d States 4^4
Wells Kant' 128 I
Miscellaneous—
775 American Cotton Oil 3S I
100 American Cotton Oil prefd &24 |
American Malting 11 j
2M American Malting prefd 4«4 I
7.200 American Bmeltlng it Ref It
1.713 American Smelting & Ref prefd fc?»;
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 17
L 420 American Steel Hoop 44 s *
WO American .-•- Hoop prefd S3
1,030 American Steel * Wire 4*4 ',
American St«rl & Wire prefd 954
I.CJS American Tin Plate 3"5»* I
245 American Tin Plate prefd R34 j
C.420 American Tobacco 1174
American Tobacco •••rd 143
410 Anaconda Mining Co 40*.
50.170 Brooklyn Rapid Transit K7\
210 Colorado Fuel A. Iron iz\
2.615 Continental Tobacco . . 424
75S Continental Tcbacco prefd Siv,
6.210 Federal Stee! 55
410 Federal ••] prefd so
I.C7S General Electric j;i;
t.2io Glucose Bug! zz%
4M Glucuse Sugar prefd 1014
(06 International Paper %
International Paper prefd t'<u
1.800 Laclede Gas ;i;i?
National Biscuit " 40
National Biscuit prefd j;
fit National L»ad jj.ii
National L^ad prefd "los
3r« National Steel ;■ " 47
750 National Steel prefd *" 5
New York Air Brake !!" "144
K.CSO North American " . 16a;
100 Pacific Coast " %{*
• I'aciflc Ist prefd g;
lfw Pacific Ccast 2d prefd " M
«,2*.8 Pacific Mall J3
2.400 People's Gas "liiv
1.3J0 Pressed fiteel Car 57 *
Pressed Steel Car prefd '.. ". {^
Pullman Palace Car n^»
I.IC Standard Rope & Twine.... " 11
M.&GO Sugar ; jJi^
Sugar prefd ;;;;■■ Ji-£
4tft Tennessee <",ai & Iron 113
80.175 United States Leather ".'."."" *?.■
4.211 I!nlted States Leather prefd " si
1.797 United States Rubber A
United States Rubber prefd.. . '"110
5.120 Western Union is
• Republic Iron & Steel... ?4V
I*o Republic Iron & Steel prefd.... "" TO
....... P C c a St l T. ;;;;;; 75
460.200 Share* sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2. Reg 101 IM X & T Ida ;ov
! f» "» 10» I do 4s ::::;: S .v»
do 3* coup 10J ;N y Cen Ins .... ■,; »
V S new 4* reg.l32 N J Cen gen 55.. mv
5° <»«? -112 No Carolina 6a ...Ah
do old «■ reg 113 do hi .. 104
do coup ill no Hr ista;;;.;;.ii»
s<> I* reg 11l do i» £
do coup ill do 4a ioji'
Mi Of Col 1.65«.... 117 NY& St L 4.*" i£at
Ala class A HO^.Norf A W con *ilf«2
I do B HI 1 do gen Cs 'n%
«;° C 101 Or Nay Ist. ....!!
do currency ion < do ,- uui'
; Atchlson gen 41 ...S3\ Or 8 Line 6s ! '"* iso
do adj ♦• "4 do con la .■■■j,4
Can So 2da 107»i;Readlng gen 4* ihi
Chea A Ohio 4Hs.. 95'4iR G XV Ist. l-£
_ d^ la „ .....116 St L 4 1 M con'6s!llo4
C 4 N W ton 71...140 St L& S F ren 6s iSvS.
do 6 F deb £.....111 St Paul coni . hi S
> Chi Term 4. M 81 PC4 Pac iataluU,
!D& R G lsts 103 do In .... . mv
; do 4« WVißoßyt.... [f*>
■ET Vi * fit lata. 108 S Rope & t'««" «
Erie gen 4s 71V; T»nn new set 35.. »2
Ft w & D C Ist... n% Tex A Pac !!'imu
Gen Elec &■ li» I do 2ds .... «5Jz
GH&•S A6i 110 Union Pac 4s ! |S9
do 2ds 109\4 Waha»>h lsts .... "114
H&T CDa lit do 2d " I&M4
«o eon 61 110 West Shore 4* ....uj
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEM BEB 22. 1899.
lowa Cen lsts 1144 Wls Cen lats 7S
KCP A G 1iU.... 71 Va cent 534
La new con 4a 109 ! do deferred 6
Louis A N unl 4s. 100 .Colo A So 4a IS
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario T 75 '
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 120
Con Cal A Va 1 : •■■ Plm-.uth 20
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould A Curry .... 21 do prefd 760
Hale A Norcroas.. 40 Sierra Nevada .... 44
Homestak* 65 00 Standard 70 ,
Iron S-llver 10 Union Con S3 ,
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket .... IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mcney— iWestlngh Elec .... 4SH
Call loans f4fi: do pr^fd 64
Time loans tVo"0 Wls Cen 194
Stocks— 'Dominion Coal .... 494
Atchfson 22S do prefd 1174
do ; refd K% Bonds—
Am Supar 1;.6» 4 Atchlson 4s !*>4
do rrefd IIS New Kngland 65. .112
Bell Telephone 364 1 Mining shares—
Boston A Albany. .23o iAdventure 6
Boston Elevated. ..lo2>4 hllouez Mln C 0.... 4
Boston A Maine. ..2o6 • Boston A M0nt. ...315
C B A Q 132H Butte A Mont 71
Fitchburg prefd. ..l2o Calumet A Hecla.76s
Gen Elec 126 iCentennlal 23
do refd 131 Franklin IS
Fed Steel 67»i Humboldt 14
do prefd SO'iiOsceola SO
M" X Cent 13 I Parrot 44
Old Colony 2CS Qulncy 152
Old Dominion 304 1 Santa Fe Copper.. 84
Or 8 Line 4S\ Tamarack 216
Union Pac 49 Winona 74
Union Land 34 Wolverines 414,
West End prefd ..115 Utah 174
AVtc York Money Market.
': NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Mcney on call. firm.
at t4o'l« per cent: last loan and ruling rate.
t per cent. Prime mercantile paper. R4Q6 per
cent. Sterling exchange, heavy with actual
I business In bankers 1 I 111 at 14 SS«iff4 Ss*« for
1 demand and at $4 Kl4<fN SIS for sixty days. '
Posted rates, $4 83404 «7. Commercial bills, j
14 SG\©4 >■■. Silver certificates. 69©3?40. Bar!
silver. f-SSc. Mexican dollars. 474 c Govern
ment bends. Irregular. State bunds. Inactive. 1
Railroad bonds, easy
Condition or the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— T0-day's statement
| of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
! able cash balance, J134, 050,765; gold reserve,
i:46,C2€.»C0.
Shipment of Stiver.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The steamer St.
1 Louis, sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 100,000 ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21— The Commercial Ad
■ vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet and dull to
' day. There was no news affecting them. De.Hr
. money was still talked of. Consols were per
sistently offered 6-16 down to 103* i. One ex
plnnatinn of this was Japanese selling on ac- ]
j ojunt of recent Japanese subscriptions to the
' Treasury bills.
Americans were neglected and dull. Baltimore
j and Ohio and Southern Paclflc being the weak
; est features. London thinks that the str^nKth
j of New York's lact bank statement was ob
i tair.ed at the expense of the market.
: Spanish 4s reached 63 7 ion Paris buying. Tln
tos were 46H- Anacondas were 9\.
I Egypt took £100.0(i0 gold anl Gibraltar £5000.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nor. Canadian Pacific. ti%;
Erie. 13* i: Union Paclflc preferred. S7T«; North- I
I crn Pacific preferred. "X: Atchlson preferred.
I 22*«; Grand Trunk. 74: Anaconda. S\: bar sil- ]
! ver. steady. 27 l-16d per ounce. Money, 2493
; per .-Tit.
New York Grain and Produce.
NSW TORK. N r 21 -FLOrß— Re<^lpts.
ns. 11,932 barrels. (lenerally firm
on a good demand tor winter wheat goods and
! low grade spring. Prices unchanged, but the
market closed with an upward tendency. Win
! ter patents. 13 €603 85: winter straits. $3 404;
j 3 45; Minnesota patents, S3 Si®4 10; winter ex
! tra*. 5- &liZ: Mlnnesou bakers. 12 ?>'►;,' 3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts. 212.400; exports. 152.652
! bushels. Spot 11ri... N. I red. 73*»c f. o. b.
' afloat fp>)t; No. 1 Northern lnjluth. 774 cf. o.
; b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 7S\e
f. o. b. afloat. No. 2 red. 72^c elevator. Op
; tlons opened firm at unchanged prices to an
. advance of 3-16 con better cables than expected,
but turned easier under liquidation following
1 t^ilcogo. Later, however, the market rallied
' sharply with corn and on rumored export or
' ders. Covering by shorts was an active feature.
I Closed firm at a net advance of .'-.-. May.
1 75 H-lC<jT««-'»c. closed at 7«S,c; December, 72 1-16
©72 ?-16c. closed at 724 c.
HIDES—
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METAI^S— The market was Irregular all day.
closing with some departments firmer on good
demand and favorable cable news, and others !
j unsettled under active selling pressure, dis- i
appointing news and scarcity of buyers. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG — Warrants neglected, but lower to
sell.
COPPER— Lake, unchanged at 117017 26.
TIN— Firmer: spot at J27 80©2 S.
LEAD Steady at 14 60®4 65.
SPELTER— Weak at 14 60«4 CO.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper J17©17 23.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at a net
rise of 10 to II points. Total sales. 46.000 hairs.
Including November. $5 r. r . ; December, $5 60<J
Ifi 73; jßnuary. $3 Tl March. $5 ''■■ni 90; May.
j J5 fcOt/5 or.: July, $.". <w>: August. $8 10: Septem
i bcr. !6 MflfC 23. Spot— Firm: No. 7 Invoice.
I 64e: No. 7 Jobbing, 7c. Mild firm; Cordova.
I 6»ittU\c.
j SUGAR— Raw steady: refined steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. tMO packages; quiet:
! Western creamery. 21'f?^c; June creamery 203
244 c: factory. 154SFM7c.
EGGS— Receipts. 9573 packages; quiet; West
ern ungraded at mark. 14020 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6«'7c
, prime wire tray, 7*i©Sc; choice, S';Sjb4c; fancy
j S4T/9c.
PRUNES-34f?S4c
APRICOTS— RoyaI. U^IV: Moorpark. IMUe
[ PEACHES— PeeIed. 20522 c; unperled. 7v^ioc.
I
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Statistics at the opening
In wheat were not of a pronounced character.
Initial prices were unchanged from yesterday's
j close, December W"4667c and May at 71@714c.
Export Inquiry was poor, the world's visible
was expected to Increase liberally and a local
trader recently returned from abroad announced
opinions decidedly bearish. This was sufficient
for the letting out of some long wheat and De
cember sold down to 66% ( 6T66\c, and May to
70 T ie. The strength of corn had a steadying
tendency, and at the decline the market fluctu
ated narrowly on the operations of scalpers. The
first Incentive to buyers came when New York
and Duluth reported a decided Improvement In
the foreign inquiry, and a better business tone. (
Meanwhile the visible had failed to come up to
predictions, showing an Increase of only 716,000
bushels. Shorts bought with considerable ani
mation. December advancing to 67>h4j<7Hc, and
May to 71Sc. The close was 'x'u-V- over yes
terday for both options, December at e74a«7"»c
and May at 71* c.
Corn was strong throughout the session, a
condition directly attributable to the rains In
the corn-growing sections. County roads suf
fered and the movement from farms was of a
consequence interrupted. December closed SO
»ie higher at 32H©32\c. May He higher
Oats were firm and trading fairly active
though business was largely the changing from
December to May contracts, or from corn to
cuts to take advantage of the spread. Decem
ber closed a shade higher at 23Vic and May
closed 4QKc higher at 224e.
Provisions were firm. Influenced chiefly by
the strength of com. holding In spite of consid
erable selling of December products. January
pork closed &c higher. January lard JV4c higher
and January ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 1—
December 67 67*4 MX tru
M Corn"No."2- ™ 714 TOTi 7is
• No. 2—
December 32*4 32% 324 12%
January 314 31% Ji£ 3J?
M oaurNo7ir 134 M » « &
\tM No. %- *
mT; 1^.::::::::::: 234 23<- £h 23w
May 24* 244 S4 u£
Mesa Pork, per bN- ;<*<■" V; * M **
December 8 024 I 174 8 024 110
January. »60 956 9 474 Ji<u
May 62H >™ »«2 Ifc*
I^ird. oer 100 Iba- * '*
D»-cemte.r 4 90 4 90 4 90 4 90
January 6 10 6 15 (10 6 1114
May 530 5K% 6 J7V4 IS&
Short Ribs, ocr 100 lbs— n *'*
December ... • .. 4 C 714
January 4% 500 496 4574
May. .6 10 us 110 8 124
Cash quotations were as follow.: Flour.
I steady ; No. ! spring wheat, 63066 c: No. 3 red.
1 «74U«Sc; No. 2 corn. Me; No. 2 oats. 23»»c.
i No. 2 white. 26c; No. 3 white. 25Vi©260: No. 2
I rye. 544 c; No. 2 barley H-<\ No. 1 flaxseed.
MM; prime timothy teSd. « 46€2 65; mess
pork, per bbl. J7 70«9 CO; lard, per 100 lbs. 14 SO
! ©5 024; short ribs sides' looae). t4 85©5 15: dry
salted shoulders (boxed). sM}s4c: " n ;? " 01 ? 11 "
sides (boxeu. to 15®5 20: whisky, distiller* fin-
Ished goods, per gal. tl 234-
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ... .... 30.000 17.000
Wh-at. bushels .. "'"* W.OOO 23.000
i Corn, bushels ... ' rrW.OOO 175.000
; Oats, bushels . 253.0C0 23J.000
Rye. bushels .... 7.000 8.000
. Barley, bushels .'.'.".'.'.'.'.'.'.'... 139.0U0 16.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 15H«r*c; dairy. 14
C22c. Cheese, weak; 114©12Uc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 18c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec Mar. May.
Opening (» 6 9 4 6 104
Closing ;6»; 6 » 6 10* 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— ' Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening . 17 40 1? 70
Closing '■ 17 45 18 70
Flour-
Opening .... 23 40 24 70
Closing 23 45 24 75
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2L— Special telegraphic
and cable dispatches to '.street's show the
following changes In available supplies, as
compared with the last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies. Increase 1,911.000 bushels.
Liverpool Corn trade, new. afloat for and In
Europe, decrease 1. 100.000 bushels. Total sup
ply. Increase. 716.f*C0 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease. 591.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease 917.000 bushels.
Boston Wool Market.
« ■,
BOSTON. Not. M - The future of the situa
tion ln the w.*>] market here is uncertain as
regards where the present booa In prices is
going to end. Buyers are plenttful and there Is
an active d»mund for a!l ktnda of wool, but
holders are uncertain as to whether they shall
hold or sell. The week's buslnos shows that
over 15,iyrf).ooo pounds changed hands, against
12.000.000 last week and I! «•■
It has b«*n several years since the market has
been so strong. T»-rrlt ry w- 1 continues ln
the lead with prices liQl'c for fine medium and
fine scoured, whll^ fine strictly staple calls for
•i.'c Medium wools are feeling the effect of the
advanced price*, and ar<» being taken more
freely. The Australian market Is very active.
with stock* light and prices tending upward.
Quota. 1 .
Unwashed medium, etc -Missouri quarter
bio>i combing, :
Territory wools— MontaJ - ta, fin- me
dium nnd Iln*. 2t staple.
I'tah and Wyoming, fine medium and
fine, lf.Tj^V; scoured. :.';■•!•; stai>le, 5SO«0e;
Idaho, fine medium and fin<
' medium. ISiT2Oo; scrun • Aus
trallnn wools, scyiu- •
Ing superfine, £C»©s2c; gr-od. TV jxuo. average, 75
677 c.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at auction, re
alizing the following prices:
Grapes — Cornlchon, single crate. 75c<?tl 55,
average tl 23: Tokays, 90cft*2 15. average |1 46;
Verdelle. 90c®Jl 65. average Jl 41. Two cars
sold to-day. Favorable weather.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nor. 21.— CATTLE— Choice scarce
and in demand; others, dull, slow; Texans,
steady. Calf market steady; good to choice.
IS 40^5 90; poor to medium. Jl 60(35 40; mixed
strikers. J3®3 70; selected feeders, Ji 2004 75;
good to choice cows 13 K.fti 40; heifers tl 60^
6 60. canners. !25?4; bulls. ''•'.- Texas
beeves, U 35&5 50; grass Texas steers, 13 2: a
4 25; Western range beeves, |4fiC 70; calves
J4 6007.
HOGS— strong to 60 higher; good
clearance. Mixed and butchers'. t3sn^4iS'
good to choice heavy. 13 9a{M 1« ; rough heavy.
13 BO©3 W: light. 33 8094 06; bulk of sales, $3 95
04 05.
SHEEP— Market dull: sales mostly 10O15C
lower. Native wethers. J3 6O€f4 40; lambs, *4<T>
SSD: Western wethers, 13 7'.tf4 10; Western
lambs. M 75f?5 10.
Receipts— Cattle. 6000; Hoes. 27,000; sheep, 14.-
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. .v,, v 21.— Clearing*, 1299,
456; balances. 363. 4«.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 21.— The wheat mar
ket is still flit. Buyers are showing but little
disposition to take hold of anything even at
nominal quotations, which are He for Walla
Walla and about the same figure for valley. As
yet farmers are not Indicating a desire to sell
at these prices.
Cleared— Bark Arctic Stream, for Queens
town, with 27,214 barrels of flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 21.— Club, 604 c; blue
stem. tea.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. 21.— Consols. 103 3-16: silver.
27 l-16d; French rentes, lOOf 424 c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, firmer tendency; No 1
standard California, 2?s 6d; English country
markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. Wh.nt. steady; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country mark.;?. quirt.
COTTON— Uplands, 44d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOU Nov. 21.— WHEAT— Spot No.
2 red Western winter, steady. 5s M. Futures
steady: December. (a M; March. r.s 10»id: May,
6s lOSd: No. 1 Northern spring, firm. 5s lid.
CORN— Futures. November, nominal; Decem
ber, steady. 3s 6d; January, steady, 3s 6^4d.
— _ — <»
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 534
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 864 !
Sterling Cables — 4 87U
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 4$
Fine Silver, per ounce — £5%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull on the spot
at nominal quotations. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 46.244.
against 1K.68S tons on the same date last year;
disengaged. 7500 tons, against 25.500; on the
way to this port, 175.700 tons, against 14C.700.
WHEAT— The Yolo takes for London 5138
ctls. valued at 13138.
Liverpool and Paris were both higher and
Liverpool showed surprising strength. Chicago
advanced slightly In consequence and reported
a much Improved demand, with New York
selling freely to exporters. One exporter re
ported purchases of thirteen loads. The shorts
bought Corn and this demand helped Wheat.
But large receipts In ' the Northwest and a
large Increase In spot stocks counterbalanced
the firmness of cables. It wu reported that
there were 20.n00.0n0 bushels of Wheat around
Chicago in all positions. The brokers raided
the market at the close on account of the re
ported failure of Mendel Freres at Antwerp
Duluth reported a good cash demand.
The local market sympathized with the
strength of the other markets and futures did
better, though spot quotations were unchanged
u%i% at -* hlpplnß miOVA: billing!
< CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— clock— 2000 ctl«_
$1 09; COOO. II 08%. *
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning Session— May- 2000 ctla
J1094; 60.000. UOSH: December— 2000. »1 OT V
40.000. $1 01H. ...-.-' •".'
Afternoon Session— December— m (Win «].
fl 01H: May-4000. $1 09%; 10,000. Jl 034. " i
BARLEY— The market is firm and slightly
higher for choice lota that will pass Inspection
for delivery on call board contracts but It Is
almost impossible to sell off grade goods
Feeds, 75055 c; Brewing and Shipping rradea
ITH«924c; Chevalier, nominal. arraae..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Swirton- »:15 o'clock— December—
JOOO ctls. S4c.
Second Session— sale..
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls. 84c; 2000, 84i*c.
' Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There is something going on all the
time, but the market Is far from active. Quo
tations continue firm as a rule
White— ll Kffl 30; Red. II 071401 174: Gray
*1 07-3-1 174; Black. Ssc©|l OT4. ■/ **''
CORN— The market is practically cleaned up
of Eastern grades and Quotations for ail d a>
Fcrlptlons are nominal at tl 074®l 15 per etl.
Small lots sell up to tl 20
KYE- Is firmly held at tl@l 06 per etl. with
not much going on.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at tl 90@2 15 per etl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras. 13 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. 83 40«3 50: Oregon
I and Washington. t3 40^3 60 per bbl for extra,
J3 25©3 40 for bakers' and 12 2i'.1?3 for superfine.
MILI^STUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour. 13 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal. t2 50: Rice Flour. 17; Cornmeal. t2 60; ex
tra Cream Commenl. 13 25; Oatmeal. 14 25; Oat
Groats. 14 50; Hominy. 13 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour. J4g4 25: Cracked Wheat. t3 75: Farina.
14 50; Whole Wheat Flour. 13 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels). 16 '*•"'<«»> 45: In sacks. 15 S.i«« 25: Pearl
! Barley. J5: Split Peas. t4 60; Green Peas. tO per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There was no Hay market, owing to the
heavy rain, but the feeling was depressed.
Ixiwer prices are quoted for Barley. Straw
continue! firm. Feedstuffs stand as before.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— IIS4T2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 117 SO@IS per
ton. Oil Cake Meal at the mill. 116<&27. Jobbing.
f?7 5(^28; Cocoanut Cake, $;nf?2l; Corr.meal,
1. 50im 60: Cracked Corn, $24<a2.">: Mixed Feed,
$16 Wdn; Cottonseed Meal. 121 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 60<89 for cemmon to good
and $9 50-fflO for choice: Wheat and Oat. $709:
Oat. $70S 60; Barley. $5©7; Alfalfa. t^S per
ton: Compressed. tT'i^lO per ton.
STRAW— 3S@SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bayou continue to lead the Bean market in
point of firmness and activity, though the
other descriptions rule firm, with a steady
demand. Pea are higher.
Seeds and Peas are quiet at the old quo
tations.
BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 25: small White. $2 90?J
3: large White. $2 4<K}2 60; Pinks. $2 tOffS 75;
Reds. $3 7. @4; BUckeye, $4 30SJ4 75; Butters,
nominal: Lima. $4 90©6; Pea, $3g3 25; Red Kid
neys. .$3 2f.'&3 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3<f?34c; Yellow
Mustard. 4fM4 : Flax. $2 124: Canary. 14e per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 24©30; Hemp, 43<4c; Tim
othy. 4f?44c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 3501 50; Green, $1 75
01 85 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for all descriptions under this head
remain about the same. Los Angeles Vege
tables are coming forward dally, but they do
not meet with much demand, as there is still
a supply of Bay Vegetables on hand.
IOTA TOES— River Reds. '.".i ' . r.urbanks.
50^65c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1:1 25; Ore
gon Hurhanks. 65ctf$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, ~'S&
Ssc for Rivers and $1 II for Merced.
ONIONS ■ 1c per ctl.
VEGETABLES Peas. 5«7c per lb:
String Beans. 63S<?; Cabbage, 4".^.'". : Tomatoes.
15635 c; Egg Plant. ?.:.\i~.T.'- . Dried Okra. 124 c
per Ib; Garlic. Ie; Oreen Peppers, nominal;
Carrots. 3''tf?4oc per sack; Cucumbers. 60fl-foc;
Ixis Angeles Summer Squash. . per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $10312 per ton: Mushrooms,
li/Ul2c par It' for choice and 4J?Sc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Game continues weak at the decline, though
receipts were lighter.
Poultry rules dull, owing to the liberal stocks
of Eastern on hand, and some descriptions are
weaker In consequence. Oregon dressed Tur
keys 'raz
POULTRY— Turkeys. U#Mc for Gob
blers and 13"tfl4c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 14?
15c: Dressed Turkeys. 15f?lic: Geese, per pair.
$1 7:<&2; Goslings. $1 75? 1 2 ; Ducks. $4jM 50 for
old and $T.i;<> for young; Hens, $4f?5: Young
Roosters, f-4 50-35; Old Roosters. $4 5<K?5: Fry
erf. H<?4 50; Broilers. $3 f/>ff4 for large. X.tr,
3 50 for small: Pigeons, Jl'c'tl 25 per dozen for
old and $1 75@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $2: Mallard. $7<g3; Canvas
back. 57^7 50: Sprig. $3 50IH: Teal, $2 501J3 50:
Widgeon. $2 60«2 75: Small Duck. $2; Doves.
75c per dozen; Hare, $1 25*11 50; Rabbits. $1 2S«J
1 75; Gray Geese. $4: White. $1 50; Brant. 5203;
English Snipe, $1 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 25.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
Butter shows lens weakness, the market b#-
Ing better denned up. The shipment of a car
to New York has helped matters considerably.
Cheese Is firm at the advance,
Fresh Eastern Eggs ore about cleaned up.
though there are free stocks of cold storage
still on hand. Store Eggs are also In smalt
supply, but ranch Eggs continue scarce and
bring about what dealers choose to ask. In
creased receipts, however, are expected with
Clearer weather.
BUTTER
Craamary— ffaney crfamerj-. ;4c and occa
sionally 2;ic; secor:
Dairy— Fancy, 226224 c; good to choice. 21c;
comm.-r. -
Ptcklad roll r'.-i;:24c; firkin. JO'SJlc; cream
ery too, :.
1 -.m- ITvjUc for ladle packed.
'!'!:;>}• Choice mild new 12-3124e: old.
I America. 124'*ilSc; Eastern, 154®
if..". Western, UH6lsc t«>r lb.
BOGS— QuoI for c.-immon and 4S
:rn for ranch. Kast<»rn CbM Btor
for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh,
, • : lox.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue to ease off under Increasing
receipts, and Lemoni and Limes are also plen
tiful and easy.
The rain will probably finish Orapes. which
re almost gone as It la. Persimmons are In
free supply and dull. But few Pornepr
are seen. Apples are ln good supply at un
rhaniffd quotations. Pears are ln limited
ati . but r I ■ <-r firm.
DBCIDUOI B FRUITS—
Apples. 35@60c per box for common. IZcSil for
good and $1 254*1 50 for choice.
BERRlES— Strawberries. JS@lO per cheat for
small and |3®4 for large berries; Raspber
ries. 14 Eoil6 par chest; Blackberries, J-'.'.i";
Huckleberries, .'.yTc per Ib; Cape Cod Cranber
ries, JS@9 50; Coos Bay Cranberries. $1 SOQI 75
par box.
Persimmons. 60375 c per box.
Grapes. B(Wi7sc per box; crates, 6Tcf?tl.
Winter Pears. 50c@U 25 per box.
Quinces. 35^n0c per box.
Pomegranates, 6O'a7:c per small box and Jl 50
per lartre box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 12 50^3 25
per box; Seedlings. $1 50^2; Grape Fruit. $1 50a>
3 60; Lemons. Tr.c^tl 50 for common and 12 v
3 60 for good to choice; Mexican Umaa, 13 50<»
4 50: Bananas, Jlig2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. tl
<0- 50 per doz.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Quotations generally remain undisturbed.
Latest advices from New York report that
market quiet, with buyers afraid to buy large
lots, apprehending a decline.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4%ic for
40-50's. i 4' 2 e for 50-Ws. 3* 4 .- for 60-70's, 34c
for 70-SO's. 3c for •>•**■ and 2** c for 90-100' s.
Apricots. V-'al'c for Royals. 1243 16 c for Moor
parka and l-ul4c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5®
B4c for Standards. 64j«4c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 124^18c; Evaporated
Apples. 707^«c; Sun-dried. 6®54c per lb; Nec
tarines. 84©9 c per Ib for red; Pears, 640Sc for
quarters and SfelOc for halves; Black Figs, 33
34-- : White Figs. 43* c; Bleached Plums. S0&c:
Unbleached Plums, 7@74c for pitted and 14c
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, por Ib, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. *4e; choice. 74c; standard. «4c;
prime, tc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
SO-lb boxen. 6c, 2-crown loose Muscatels. J4c;
3-crv>wn, 640; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. }1 50 per box: 3-crown. II 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. 12 10; Imperial. $3. All
prices arc f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. Sftl24c: Walnuts, JjiiOc for
standards and lf>4 611 c for softshell; Al
mords. 12®134c for paper-shell. lO^Jic for soft
and 5-&6 c for hardshell; Peanuts, .1 \"i<,\r for
Eustern and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts?
"4'dSc; Filberts. 114@12c; Pecans. lOltllc;
Cocoanut*. 14 6005.
HONEY— Comb. 114 c for bright and 104 c for
light amber: water white extracted, lh*UV^c
light amber extracted. 64i?j7c; dark 54c per ib
BEESWAX— 24 ®26c per lb.
Provisions.
1 The market shows no further change, being
only moderately active.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. »Vie per Ib for
heavy. 94c for light medium. 104 c for IlKht.
124 c for extra light and 13c fsr sugar-cured*
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 124 c. California
Hams, nominal: Mem Beef, 112 per 111 extra
Mess. tit: Family. $14; extra Prime Pork 114 50
extra clear. 117 50; Mess, $16 60; Smoked Beef
14/ 144 c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure, half-barrels nun>
7Vic; 10-lb tins. 8c: r.-lb tins s»;c. ' v •
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7H@7Hc per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool sells about as fast as It strikes the
town, and stocks have become greatly re
duced. No further change In prices Is noted.
Hops axe still dull, though sales at 7<&« c for
common goods are reported. The higher priced
Hops are neglected. . , . " ' '■■■
Hide* continue to advance all over the coun
Tjii^Air 1117 which '" aim ° " *■ fa " in "-
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted ste.T^
114 c: medium, lie; light. Ifi4c; Cowhide" h£i
104 c: Stags, 7c; Salted KIpT Me: Caff SS
Dry Hide*, sound. 18c; culls and bran.N :
15216 c: Dry Kip and Veal. 16c Dry Calf il *i
»c; , Sheepskins, yearlings, 20ff35c^ach-
Wool. 85«C0c each; medium. 70£90c;!foii Wool.
I JIGI 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. 12 50 for large
1 and il'tfl 60 for .mall; Colts. 50c.
; TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6@54c per lb; No.
I 2. 14c; refined. 6@«4c; grease. 24c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains. Sf?34c; South
ern. xviOo; Middle County. 106124 c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 15016 c; Eastern Oregon, 1231£ c:
Valley Oregon. U&ISc: Northern Mountain,
free. ll©13c; Northern Mountatn. defective, 10»
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7&IOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for all description, remain about
i the* same. Small Hog* continue scarce In com
' parison with heavy and medium grades. The
! feeling In Beef. Mutton and Veal Is steady.
BEEF— 7(|74c per lb for Steers and Ch&7c for
Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethe.rs, To. ewes, 64c per Ib. ;
LAMB— B©S4c per »
PORK— LJve Hobs. HfcOMaC for .mall. 54c
for medium and s<;:>4c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 6c; dressed Hogs. 7 ( i>4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS - Calcutta Grain Bags. T©7i4c; Wool
Bags. 2Sfi3oc; Fruit Bags. 6<;. 64c and 6%0 for
the three grades of white and "4c for bleached
Jut-.
BALE ROPE— Manila. 144«15c per '*>■
COAL— Wellington. IS p«-r ton; New Welling
ton. «• Soutl Wellington. $7 60; Seattle. Jo;
; Bryant. M; Coos Bay. $."•; Wallsend It, Scotch
I . Cumberland. j:< 75 In bulk and 111 23 In
packs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 113. Can
nel. lit) per ton; Rock Springs an! Ca«U«
Gate. ■M; Coke, 113 per ton In bulk and $15
In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, |l'il50; As
paragi..- . Tomatoes, 75c.
CANNED FRUITS— Stocks are greatly re
/ duced, and some descriptions are almost out.
The ship Yola takes for London 23,427 cases.
Cherries. $2 4.<<3 for black and White; Peache*.
1 II •".3'i-il 10; Pears. |1 NOI .SO; Apricots. 11 2iyi 10;
Plums, II 29(T1 40.
CANNED SALMON -The ship Tola takes for
London 39,262 .uses.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 134®16c for prime
washed; 11'&124c for good washed; 114tfl6c for
good to prime washed peaberry; $4tMlc for
good to prime peaberry; 9£H2c for good to
prime; S'a'."%r nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; BfjS*4c for fair; 6©7* 4 e for
common to ordinary. Salvador— 6©ll4c for good
I to prime washed; l^a^c for fair washed; »4V
! 114 c fcr prime to good washed peaberry; 7\<»
l\c for good to prime s*-ml- washed; 7V«»V
for superior unwashed: 74c for good green un
washed. SSifi^'ic for good to prime unwashed
peaberry: 6y6\c for common to ordinary. Nic
aragua— 146 16Vtc fcr prime to fancy washed; St?
lie for fair to good washed; T'.'ii'-.c nominal
for good to superior unwashed; l^'QSKc nomi- 1
nal for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l2U 134 c for prime to
fancy washed, i'uilr for good to strictly good
washed; SiJSTic for fair washed; 7®7* 4 c for me
. dium; 4'ii'V for Inferior to ordinary; 10^1140
for good to prime washed peaberry; B\©34c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7!«tfSUc for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. 2W?3Oc per Ib: Sole
! Leather, medium. 26 I S"27c; Sole Leather, light, H
ftZ7c; Rough Leather. hea\y, 27»i2^.-. Rough
j Leather, light. 23{i:6c: Harness Leather heavy,
32ii23c; Harness Leather, medium. 3-^32c; Har
ness leather, light, Ji»iJ3<V; Collar Leather. 15^
16c per fo<-.t: Kip. finished, 4'>3!45c per Ib; Veal, ;
finish.-: 60U35c; Calf, finished. 75cii$l 2t>: sides
1 finished, 16irl7c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 143
lCc; Rough Splits. £fj 10c per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No 1. 75c;
pur*. |l 10; Unseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, E«c;
raw, Me; cases. 5c more: Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, i'jc; No. 1, Me; cases, 6c more;
China Nut. 15fj6Sc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels, «»•■ . coses. 63c; Sperm, pure. 6<V-;
Whale Oil, natural white 324 c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints. White and House colors tl 239
1 33 per gallon: wagon colors. |2Q2 25 per gallon
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 134 c; Pearl Oil. In
ca*es, 194<- ; Astral. 134 c; Star. l!'4c; Extra
! Star Oil. 234 c: Elaine 244 c; Eocene. 214 c; De.
odorixed Gasoline, in bulk, Me; do. rases. 22c;
, Benzine. In bulk. lS4c; do. rases, 214. M de
gree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; do, coses 27c per
, gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candle. Sixes 1«
01. 20 sets, lie per set: sixes. 14 or. 20 sets 10c
sixes, 12 oz. 20 gets, 3c: sixes, 10 ox 20 sets 'gUc
twelves. 12 02. 40 sets, hotel. 9»«e. Granite
Mining Candles— Sixes. M ox. 40 sots. 114 c per
set; sixe«, 16 02. 20 sets. ll*ic; sixes, 14 02, 40
sets, 104.-; sixes. 14 ex. M sets. 10% c; sixes 12
oz. M sets. 5»«c; sixes. 10 02. 20 sets 9c
twelves. 12 02, 45 sets. hotel. 19*; c. Parafflne
Wax Candles. White-Ones. 14 oz. 23 sets i;-,,,- I
I per set; twos. 14 oz. 25 sets. 12'ic: fours. 14 oz. i
36 sets. 12'ic; slx^s, 14 ox. 36 sets, 12 i ;c; twelves
14 oz, X sets. IX% Colored, lc higher.
; WHITE LEAD — Quoted at 64©7>4c; Red
Lead and Litharge, «* 4 '37Vic per Ib
TURPENTINE— In cases. 73c; In Iron barrels.
6Sc; In wooden barrels. 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, Me; raw, barrels
I 49*-; cases, &c more.
; QUICKSILVER per flask for local use
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- 1
pany quotes, terms net cash. In ino-lb bags-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. s»»c- Pow
dered. 5»»c: Candy Granulated, |c; Dry Granu
lated. 4 4c; Confectioners' A. 4%c: California A
— ; Magnolia A. 44c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden
c. 4i«c; barrels, l-lie more; half-barrels Vie
more; boxes. 4c more; &>-lb bags. 4C4 C more
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
. equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels IKe; boxes
: 6?ic per Ib.
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: pine
ordinary sizes. $16317; extra sizes, higher; Red!
wood. $17glS for No. 1 and $isg lS for No 2-
Lath 4 feet. $2 20SC 30: Pickets. $1S; Shingle.!
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21^/27. '
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sks.... IMfWooi bags us
Wheat, ctls 520 Raisins, bx. 100
Barley, ctls 2.;>50 Powder, car 1
Oats, ctls 1,065 Pelts, bdls 103
Butter, ctla 154' Hides No j»7
Cheese. ctN 16 Kicks. do« '.'. 6.M)
Tallow, ctla 20 Quicksilver, flska H2
Beans, sks 3.900 leather, r0115.... s»
Potatoes, sks.... MM Wine. gal. 49....',
Onions, sks Ml Sugar, sks '220
Hay. tons 292 Brandy, gals 6740
Straw, tons 17 Lime, bbls ' si
Hops, bales 56
OREGON.
Flour, qr ski 820
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market for securities was active on the |
morning session of the Bond Exchange. Gas i
& Electric sold up to V.3 25 and Giant Powder
to »• 25. Paauhau declined to $31 50.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric was still
firmer at $53 75*553 50 and Spring Valley Water
at $94 5«), while Giant Powder was higher at
$96&95 75. Contra Costa Water was lower at
$76 1244T75 874. The sugar stocks were firm
with slightly better prices for Makawell and ;
paauhau.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. 21. 2 p. m
Bid. Ask. TIM A .
U S Bonds- Eqult OLCo _ £ !
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 14U is 2
4s quar reg.... — — O< ; L & h.. — 471.
4i quar new... — — Pcp c Ga» Imp.. 624 —
3s quar coup.. — — Pac LU-ht Co.. - 41
Miscellaneous— S F G A L.... 631; an '
Cal-at Cab 5».117 — Sari Francisco 34-1
C C Wat 65....105H — 1 Stockton Gal?: v —
Ed LAP 6«.130 - , Insurance-
F&CI Ry 6s. 113 — Flrems Fund 220 _
Geary-st R ss. — M Bank Stocks—
HC * S 545. 1374 - Ar.glo-Cal «6 _
L A Ry 1a.... — 106 Bank of Cal 394 —
L A LCo is.. 99 — Cal 8D A T.. .««U 97
Do gntd 68.99 — First National - 254
Do gntd 5a.. — — Lon PA A. 12» —
LA& P R r.5.104 - Her Ex ..-. t
Market-st &5...125?« — Nev Nat Bk.. IU —
v^ii^'V, l - a \7n 1174 Savings Banks-
N-'N'-.K7a112 — Ger S A L....1700 _
NR of Cal 65.11« - Hum 8 & L.. 1060 UM
NR of Cal ss. 1134 - Mut Say Bk 39 45
N PC R R 65.10 l _ S F Say U ■ 600 —
NP C R R ns. ins 109 I Say & L So ' — ?S
N cat R R 68.112% _ (Sec Say 8k..! - 310
0 Q L A II 55.10% 1.*4 Union T Co .1400 1440
Oak £"> 6. 111 112 street Rallroads-
Oak W Co BVIM — California ... 119 _
Ocean S S 5».109 110 Geary .... 50 _
Om C Ry 6h.. — 1284 Market-.t ... «IK «*
»•*«•> »>• 65.. 1074 - Oak S L A it - 50
Pk AORy 6s 115 - Presidio .... 30 _
Pow.-11-st X 68 — 122 , Powder—
Sac El G &RSs - - California . 17« _
BFA N P 65.114% — E Dynamite 8S 91
5 F A HZ*-**, - .Giant Co. 954 96
IRy of Cal 6a.10»K - Vlgorlt ........ 3 ZK
6Pof A 65... - ill Sugar— ••»•**
8P C «s(1905). - 111 Hnan p C 0.... • 10
S P C 6s(lS0«).lll — Haw CAS Co - as
s p C 65(1912).U5»; - Honokaa ■Co 32»i 33
BPCIs eg 6s. - — Hutch S P Co. 2J tl
■ I' gr 6s 123 - Kllauea S Co. - "7 !
c X - al >••••• n4 'i - Maka»eli SCo 4S is
S V Wat 45.... — — Oootne -Co 34 —
8 V W45(34m).1015102<4 Paauhau S Co. 31% 32
Stkton Gas 6«. - — Miscellaneous-
Water 3tocks— |AI Pack Assn.UßVill94
: Contra Costa.. 75% 75!i'Mer Ex Assn.. -100
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. uu 95
Spring Valley. 944 944 Pac a F A... "»£ _
Gas and Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent Oas C 0... - -- Par Paint Co.. **-
Cent LAP... 6 7 *
Mc.rning Session. '
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn \\% 25
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 In
20 Cal Safe Deposit ie £,
10 Contra Costa Water ".- ...[ 77 m
25 Contra Costa Water ' 7« S7u
200 Giant Powder Con "" « in*
5 Giant Powder Coo *" 9] «
75 Honokaa BCo " 23 i»u
m Makawell 7? }£*
35 Market-st Railway " «i Iru
30 Oceanic I 8 Co ...'.". M S
145 Onomea Sugar Co '" "" 14 co
25 Paauhau Sugar Co " 31 -»
275 Paauhau Sugar Co """ »i £,
66 Pacific Gos Imp fi »
45 S F Gas A Electric Co '.'.'.'" j? S
45 8 F Gas A Electric Co ..." <* jnu.
85 8 F Gas A Electric Co . 35 1
25 8 F Gas A Electric Co ....' '."" £ ITU
80 Gas * Electric C 0............*.. 1: 53 »
AICTION SAJiS
FOR SALE!
125 HeAD OF No. I HORSES.
1» HEAD OF NO I !'
For
\\ .•
KNIKRR & Al.l.''
o n SILVER .wi: Koau Ban Bi
The hor»es are '.
use ar.d will be Bold lmnvii. y r*^.
sonable prices KNIKItH * \
ELEGANT FURNITURE
OF 100 ROOMS.
■
THll DAI IWBDNI ' "
FRANK \V fr 'TTKitFIKI.:
IPO 8 F Otis A Electric Co S3 f»
10 S V Water, cash ..... . M n
4" S V Water 94 l\
19000 8 V 4 per cent bond* 2-1 rnort H;3 m.
I^'hiO S V 4 per cent bonis. 3d mort K2 <k>
$11^0 S V 6 per c»nt t-md* 114 SO
t<r*j>) Ncr V.- of Cal 5 per cent bonJs ....113 CO
Street—
35C BqjtUtable Gas CCO
Afternoon Session.
Bcard
25 Bank of California 33. iw
i Contn Costa Water 71 IJH
30 Contra Cost-i Water 7« f0
25 Contra '"out* Water 7". V,
135 Contra Cn«ta Water 7.73
140 Contr* Costa Water 71 CJ4
25 Giant Powder «'.m H l<o
20 Glunt Powder Con ♦'> 75
IN Honokaa 1 Co 33 no
10 Makawell , 4;, 10
50 Onnmen Sugar Co 24 >»l
4') Paauhau H Co :i qk
200 Paauhau H Co 3i 5.0
10 Paauhau S Co 317:,
100 Paauhau ■ Co 31 me
45 8 F Gas A Electric Co 13 "
r, S F Ga. A Electric Co 63 U
100 8 V Water Co 9410
12000 8 V 4 per cent bonds, 21 mort 133 00
Street—
10 Cat Safe Deposit M «
200 Makawell V. 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent b^nds. 2d mort r3 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
• Morning Session.
Board—
7D Contra Costa Water 7s 57%
*>• Equitable C.rs „ r4) *
&) Hutchlnson Pugir 2« «24
B>t Hutchlnson Sugar > '0 '
30 Oceanic 8 S Co " 5I
41 Oceanic S S Co '.4 ru.
10 Mark*t-st Railway .. !.!!" «l r
5 S V Wator I 54^
150 Vlgcrtt Powder "" 301)
Street—
30 8 r Gas A Electric 53 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2M E-jHltable G.is < nfl
2!) Giant Powder j" or,
15 Giant Powder - ■- -{
b) Onomea Scg.tr Co 31 '. .',
2) Oceanic S H «\> ' in
10 Oceanic s s ro J7 -«
4«) Paauhnu Sugar Co *! 11 tru
m a v water :..:;.:. sg 5*5 *
ICkJ Vigor Powder '.'.'.'.'.'. Jro
PRODUCERS' OH. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
10CO Dominion jq
.ii n^* untn Horr * °«l Ox; HftSo per'share
l"0 Pennsylvania Consolidated ! no
l f « Pennsylvania '''-nsolldatert ■ t<«
4-0 Petroleum renter S3
1W Petroleum Center «o
JOOPan Luis » 3-,.
600 San LuU *..".'.'.'.'.*.*. SV)
Afternoon Session.
Board—
ttft r>omln!on 4*
1:5 *^ >w Hop * 1«>
li«) Pennsylvania Conwslldated 1 no
1 Petroleum Center j;
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
V*\ Tidal Ware t m
25 San Joaqutn O&D Co '..'. >i
375 Barker Kanch ' * 1 m
300 Century Oil Co t.)
6U» Anaconda Oil Co .','.'.' \ 3.-,
1 1 "i'.Ur-n- Oil «"o '..$* '•»
200 Yukon Crud* CMI Co „ •• -\
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co ;
Street—
ICO Shamrock Oil Co • »-,
1 2^"» Yukon Crude Oil Co - v
25 Yukon Crude Oil Co ........ ; jj
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the «ale» in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board:
Miming Session.
V* Best A Belcher 4* 2W Justice . 1
1W Challenge 22 «m Kentuck .... '.!'. r
?^^ boll " r j.;
100 Con Cal A Va..l c 1« Mexican v
600 Con Imperial... f2 100 Ophlr 13>
W> Confidence X, 4vo Overman ...*.'.'. X
r'2 I! aI * & N0r.... 41 100 Potost j,,
50 Hal* A N0r.... 42,
Afternoon Session.
mo Andes in 4fo (inuUl A Currr ■»!
••Belcher 31 1 -.. Hale A Nor "
100 Best A Belcher 47 3W Mexican f : .
2-10 Caledonia ... M' VQ Ophlr ...iji
3"' Chollar :3 r<« Ophlr '|
ISO Chollar 24 3>'4 Savage ' 1*
400 Con 1"a I A Va..l « r*> Union Con.".'.'.'.' 37
50 Confidence »4 1". Utah .. oa
2vo Crown Point... 23
Following were the sales in th» Pacific Mock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
«vi Best A Belcher 49 **> Plerra Nevada 44
300 Con Cal A Val 624! IN Union Con?/" 37
600 Crown Point... 22 200 Union C0n..... M
£2 Mexican 53 2M> Utah n
MO Mexican 541 too Utah 09
JSOJ 50 <^Phlr 1 25i \'Ji Yellow Jacket 21
ISa^p::!.^| Ye »- "*«■ »
Afternoon Fes.
6flO Andes IS] 4<X> Mexican 14
300 Beat A Belcher 4* 100 Mexican '. ?!
200 IVst A Belcher 43 100 Ophlr 1 S
400 Best A Belcher 51i 800 Ophir .... A'tttl
400 Best & Belcher 4J, SOO Or>hlr .!.!!!' iV>
200 Best A Belcher 60 sft Ophlr "I*l S
700 Con Cal A Val «24 430 Orhlr irt.
300 Con Cal A Val 574 200 Ophlr ..... iVj
600 Con Cal A Val «24 SCO Ophlr .A'tttl
800 Con Cal A Va..l «5 750 Ophlr . " V->\
350 Con Cal AVal «• 3no IN.tosl . .1 • »
ZOO Crown Point... 23 2fiO Sierra Nevaj'a' 41
1400 Gould A Curry. 21 fc»» s:erra Nevada 44
1100 Gould A Curry. 22 3..1 Sierra Nevada. J«
400 Gould A Curry. 23 w Sierra Nevada' 47
200 Hale A N0r.... 41 200 Union Con ... ! 17
2CO Hale A N0r.... 42, 150 Union Con an
2W Hale A N0r.... 43 3tt> Union Con 37
500 Justice OS 300 Union Con 34
10CO Justice 10 400 Utah ... t-»
300 Mexican Si 6)0 Yellow Jacket* :;
M 0 Mexican 53 4CO Yellow Jacket *3
300 Mexican J2 -*caei. .3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, November 21— 2 p. m
Bid Ask. ' Bid Ask
Alpha "4 06 Kentuck 01 C 3
Alta — M Lady Wash.... _ aa
Andes IS IS Mexican (4 jo
Belcher 30 31 Occidental .. 13 13
Best A Belcher 45 4*> Ophlr 1151 -1
Bullion  M 07 Overman 17 \%
Caledonia K> —'Potost 29 in
Chollar 23 24 Savage U
Challenge Con. 21 24 Scorpion 02 _
Confidence M «.' Beg Belcher — ,«
Con Cal A Va..l 60 I«5 Sierra Nevada. 43 41
Con Imperial... — X Silver Hi 11.... c* fj
Crown Point... 31 23 St Louis .... _. f *
Exchequer — C 2 Standard IK
Gould A curry. 20 21 Syndicate .... _ M
Hale A N0r.... 41 42 Union Con... ' M 37
Julia — 02 Utah :;: <* M
Justice 09 10' Yell Jacket. U 5)
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroirraphle Offt>#, V. S. X.. Mer
chant*' Exchange. San FrancUco* i*ai
November :i. ISW. ' '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building wan dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «.. at noon M the 12"th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N.. in chare*.
• •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic S
Times and Heights of High anl I w
Waters at F.rt Point, entrance H San
Francisco Bay. Published by or. !al au
th.nty of the Superintendent
NOTa*-TIM hish ar. I |m •BtOTI «• at
th» city fr»nt <Ml»#ion-str^et »
•wenty-flve minutes later thnn a-
Ika heiuht al IMa U the same at »
WEI
Sun rises
Sun sets
M risei
3 Time Time TJme Time
5. Ft. - Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W I. \v II v L W
tl ... 1:54 4.« »36 3.1 1 » 4.7 •:!« 0.1
n ... i.O 4.» 9:50 5.0 1:17 4.1 ».0:M • «
14 ... 6:21 &0 11:01 2.) 4:» ].» 10:1% 1.0
'.'. ... C:CO 5.1 11:10 Z.S 5:31 3.« U:'.D 1.4
:c ... c.» s.: l:*-. :.o c.-.vj j.s
I. W M \V L. XV II U
n...1n ...1 0:11 1 S 7:11 5.2 l:Uy 1.5 S:0O I.C
is ...I 0:52— 7:«:-i.4| 2:2«! 0.9 »:921 l.«
NoTE— In the above exposition of tba IMaa
Continued on Page 11,DROWNED IN
THE YUKON
Death for Four More
People.
?r*c;aJ Pirratch to Th» Call,
VICTORIA. 11. C. Nov. 21.— The steamer
'Joes, which arrives from Skaguuy to
nlKht nfter one of the roughest passages
nlie has yet had, brought news that six
!ner«* vie urns have been added to the al
ready lar^e list that have met death In
lbs icy waters of the Fwlft-flowlr.ff I'pper
Vukoa. Arrival* from Cariboo, to which
points steamer* were still running, bring
the new* thM four men and two women
won drowned in an ice Jam near Ogllvle
->:i November *. They were on a scow
which v..* wrecked and all on board car
ried down to death. The unfortunate vlc
■:•• a party which recently started
::; fj :n Hennett cou.sistlng of "the two
M Na!:jara brothers of California, Mrs.
j; .....;.. Mr. and Mrs. Uumbleton and
Mr. Kelly, ail of Wa-shlngton.
J:m U.-al.v. who ha.s been employed by
'..•• « a:iitJ;an Development Company at
... arrived by me Tt-es aim it was
:r..iri him that th.» d<talls of the disaster
• U Brood.; The names were taken from
:■.!.- ii.'te book. The lost -party, paid Mr.
M.al.y. wire bound down the river on a
mow loaded with freight for Dawsun and
u!i.:» i he crau was nearlng Oirihie the
liiirestrainable masses, of Ice that were
aatln* part the scow suddenly formed
X " a v,'',u ,'', l .s e .^'f'^re the iron-sheßthe*l
prow a r.,1 lifted the veswl up to Us sides.
hu« prednltatlns the cargo an.l the oc
. unaauroj the craft Into the water.
Accurdtas to tho report of an eye-wit
. ■ -s ... Ujt disaster made to the mountiM
•Jlce l>y an outcoming miner. wln> was
> «.rl.-s, to render aid. the death strug
c-> of the unfonunates were terrible. It
" ; 'V n : »wful .-lcht to watch tnelr horror
:.>.)i.«y wore burled alive by the heaping.
crunching irrindlng masses of Ice. At one
■ ■■■ .. iook.d as though Kelly, who was
-ring to dra« out one of the
i • ■ n. would pucce^i in escaping, but
•v' s , "' uas crawling up on the edge
i the lee a hi* siaj, F uj ,f, wn upon t » lo
jt" |fl and carried them down into the river.
i he freight of the lost mow consisted for
:»:. most t.art of meat, which Dumbleton.
wfm !■■;...! the party, was taking to
i '.i»siin to sell.
An unknown man who was on the scow
It left Uennett escaped, he having
eft tlie vessel Just prior to the disaster,
with the Intention of "mushing" in.
T«leprajih!c a.lvieos received at Skag
u*y irom ih«» lnterlnr prior to the sail
ing of the T«-cs on the X.th report a big
raowFtorm raging in the interior, with
very <-«,l,i neither.
A. A. Richards, formerly postmaster at
j >><••». is down; en route to Nicaragua to
:-\.m considerable money earned in the
■ r:h.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Nov. 21.— From pas-
H nper* on th<> Ftcamcr Rosalie, which ar
•.-. .■«! to-day from Lynn canal, it is
'. :irn»d that J. Smith :tnd — Rcattle were
r.wn.Ml in White Horse Itaplds. Novem
'•r 12. A companion. Robert Mclntosh.
• Tho ttirc- were In a small boat
I'^od with oats when It filled ar.d sank.
The steann-rs Andlcan and Goddard
I •.■. ■ :; bcow* are frozen In at the head
f Like lx» Marge. On the Anglican are
• v. ral hundred i>ounds of Yukon mail.
.lust before the Rosalie sallM from Ju
iu, F. A. Temple of Washington. D. C.
■•-...s untenced to six years for having
Ftabbed C. H. Rutchlield of San Francisco
-l Port Clarence.
WILL VOTE TO EXPEL
POLYGAMIST ROBERTS
-r-i^n Graff of Ilinois Confi
dent the Mormon Will Not
Seated.
RAILROADS TO REDEEM
ALL TEST TICKETS
Result of the Conference of Passen-
per Agents Held at Portland
R latinfc to Rates.
1lno«
■
• tlrk
■
■
!' A !>.
A. H
No
■
■
PATIENTS IMPROVING.
Captnin and Cook of the Plague Ship
J. W. Tnylor Out of Danger.
U.— There is no
" Quar
• ! to Pwln
FOSTUM CEREAL.
ROARING EARS
Caused by Coffee Drinking.
"I was 20 yean? old before I learned
to like coffee, tut about hat age I was
occupied where I felt the need Of a
stimulant of pome i it, and took up
coffee In earnest.
"When I tried lravlnj? off coffee sick
headache Invariably followed every
breakfast without coffee, so 1 stuck to
it, but other troubles ret In. A ecrlous
catarrbal condition set In and grew
worse, until I began to lorn sleep and
the ears bogan that peculiar roaring
pound, which continued steadily. I
finally lost tho use of or.* ear alto-
gether, and the other on** became very
bad. ' V
"I am patlpfled that coffe*j wan th*
cause of the nervous \ru\ih\t-n that
fhowed In the loss of my htnrinc, for
when I left It off and took up pontum
Food Coffee my hearing \,<Knn to Im-
prove and my general condition tnpUlly
chanced for the hotter. I fee) i..- 5 ;, n
a strain all the time.' Trint 1-nUA"
julpation has practically left tny ear*;
I fl«»cj> y^ry much better: how*}* nr«
never constipated now as t)ify •rrfx
while I was using; coffee. I am rapidly
Retting back to where I wan *«'V«rn
year* o«:o. You can Imagine that I ra-
te* m J'ostum Food Coffee very highly
Indeed." — CharleH Worrall. 622 Luw-
renre street. Toj»cka. Kans.
Povtum Is v natural food drink,
ptrong in the element n that build up
th«» nervous *yiMrm throughout the
body. It would lie hly pay any one
who is troubled with rofly-e drinking
to leave off coffee nnd tnke Postum In
It* place. 80W by ull ijroccrfl.
burne fr->r- . r J. W. Taylor are
improvinp almost
k is In bed because of the
irritation in tn the oporntio;
■mlnatlon. Nothing h.\s been
n disi hatging the coffee fp'm
The ditli.ulty is that tho
- : » d to a numb, r of dlf
t^ ..t differ* nl
•: into
rs ;jid provide now sa< ks will
nfuston. Borne
plan t<> insure the propi rge of
•red. but :
lutloi roblem has been found.
rumination of the holds bj sulphur
was i • iv.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.-Paclflc Coast
patents were granted to-day aa follows:
California— A. S. AJ bolt. Los Anßolcs. sales
book nn4 temixjrary blnJfr; Charl«"« K. IJalnter, !
San Kranclsi-o. ai paratus for purifying feed
»»l«r and f<»*dlnK U'i;*r». anJ water heater and
purifier; Ljnun 1«. LHM-amji. Alhambra, combi
nation machine for niakinK duKtless roads;
George O. l*enn. S.in Krar.cisoo tasslßnor of
one half to A. C. Hampton). n*vcn>ible window;
Hrnry H. Gorter. San Francisco, movable
water rip*" connection; O. 11. Hopper. Santa
Mar!;... dropping inei-hanlom for planter*; Ira
O. I^*k. Ban Francisco, ponder container top;
Jacob V.. !>udwtK. ?an Francisco, device for
handling barrels; W. A. Merralls. Pan Fran- ;
clm*o, mortar lor stamp batteries: V. J. A. li. y,
Son Frurii ..->■/. pump 'or gas M rating ma- '
chines; Ern«-«t It. Talt. Oakland, creosoted
rhurroal point ; CreorKc W. Van Alstyne, Lxjs
Anfetea, nntl*?pti< device for sound transmitter
mouthpieces; William VVelr. Colfax. filter;
«seorß» X. AVendlir.R and O. W. Crawford. San |
Frnnclsoo, lauiber dryer and lumber drying
truck.
Ortrnon— Jon E. Hunt. Portland, range;
Oeorse S. Hennett, Portland, acetylene gas gen
trail r.
W a^hinglcn— O. W. Ehrman. Mall by, water-
Ing tr.iugiiT J. O. and M. ri. I'hocnlx. Hoods
j>ort. culinary steamer.
James S. Canniner has been appointed i
stamper in the postoflk-e at Vallejo.
Charles D. Albee has been appoint. let
ter-carrier at r.aker City. Or. Arthur S.
HiffKir.botham and Alfred G. Rower have !
been uppolntfd clerks in the Seattle post- j
oliioe. Peter H. Smith has been appointed
rubstituto letter-carrier in the Alameda
postoffice.
Muthia* Hugo of Los Angeles and
Georpt* F. Mellett of Sulano have been
appointed special laborers in the Maro I
Island Navy-yard. ,
Gcorpe W. Montelth of San Francisco. I
Isnue Sv Miller of Ontario and Benjamin
W. Harm of Pasadena have been admit
ted to practice before the Interior Depart
ment.
The, contract for carrying the mall from
Oakland to Stevens. Or., has been award
ed to the Idaho. Nevada and California
State Company.
R. Woodland Gates of Los Angeles, j
formerly secret ary to Senator White, has '
opened law offices In this city.
Arm] orders: Corporal William T.
Cook. Sixth Cavalry, now at Fort Sill.
Is transferred as ■ private to the Fourth
'avail Presidio of San Francisco.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War. Private Fred BUersllcken, hos
pital corps, camp near Wawona, Cal.,
will be discharged from the service of
the I'nited States.
Private Charles T. Walker, Nineteenth
Infantry, now supposed to be in the Ren
oral hospital. Presidio of San Francisco,
is transferred to the hospital corps.
Pensions for Callfornlans: Original—
Richard E. Tomlln. Sebastopol. $•;. In
creas«»—Nathaniel D. Robinson, Artesla.
J25 to $27: Thomas Malgan, Cherokee, JS
to $12. War with Spain (original)— James
Gleason. Soldiers' Home, I,of« Angeles. $12.
Oregon: Increase — David R. Rice. Glen
coe. $>> •.. $>. Mexican war widows (spe
cial accrued November 10)— Martha Jane
Rogers. Sams Valley. $«i.
Washington: Increase— James E. Hath
away. Ballanl. $10 to $12: Samuel S. O.
Warren. Roy. $0 to $10. Reissue and in
cronse—Frank Ixmls. Willaj.a. X to $<.
Original, widows, etc.— Louise Hammond.
Everett, $8.
VALUABLE HORSES
LOST ON THE PATRIA
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The representa
tive of W. Scblesingor & Co. of Vienna.
Austria. Isador Schleslnger. reported to
day a heavy loss of trotting stock on the
111-fated stramcr Patrla. which sailed
fn>m this port November 4. For nearly
a ni"iith Mr. Schl«-slnger had »>•■• ii making
purchases in America and had shipped
eleven high-class trotters and their sul
kies, harness and other paraphernalia
along with the horses on the Patrla. The
Austrian horsemen suffered a loss of
something like $15.f<<>0 or EM.CH"). as they
carried no Insurance and all were lost.
R-d Nutllnu, 2:IX was the fastest trot
ter In the collection. This mar.- was bred
by Mrs. Frances <\ Meyers of Oakland,
Cal. The eicht-year-old bay stallion Es
porto Rex. 2:l*Ai. was probably the most
valuable horse in the collection. The
horse was bred by tho late Governor Ice
land Stanford at Palo Alto and made his
record In this year's campaign. H*» was
one of tho best bred trotters ever shipped
to Europe and was bought with a view to
placing him in the stud th.-re when his
racing days wen* over. The valuable
black mare. Geraldlne. 2:16^4, was lost.
The collection Included the high bred stal
lion Aristocrat. 2:25 l £. The gray mare
Lucy Cooper. 2:M. and several others of
demonstrated speed completed the num
ber.
OFFICERS ELECTED
BY NATIONAL GRANGE
LINGFTELD. Ohio. Nov. 21. -Thr Na
•l officers to-day as
Master, Aaron Jones. South Bend. Ind.;
overseer. Obedlah Gardner, Maine; lec
turer, N. J. Bachelder. East Andover. N.
H.:; Fteward. J. A. Newcomb. Colorado;
treasurer. Mrs. E. S. McDowell. Colum
bus. O.; secretary. John Trimble. \\.,-r:-
Ineton. D. C; chaplain. S. O. Bowen.
Kastford. Conn.; gatekeeper. H. B. Hux
ley. N«enah. Wls.; fVres. Mrs. C. T. At
k«-son, Morgantown, W. Va.; Pomona. Mrs.
M. M. Wilson. Magnolia. 111.; Flora. Augus
tus High. Vancouver. Wa?h.; lady assist
ant steward, Amanda Horton, Fruit
KldCf, Mlch. .
J. J. Woodman of Pawpaw, Mich., was
elected to succeed .... nf
the executive committee, and E. D. Nor-
I rls of Sodus, N. V.. was chosen a m> m
j her of this commlttre In the place of N. J.
Bachelder. whose term has expired. The
two al»ove named members, together with
S. H. Mepplck of Delaware, compose the
executive committee, of which Master
Jones Is also an ex-ofllcio member. Reso-
l utions were adopted extending to the
family of Vlc« President Hobart sympa
thy in their hour of sorrow.
ALLEGE THAT RICH
ORE WAS STOLEN
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 2L— The North
Star Mining Company is being SOS for
fsOO.OOO damages by G. E. Riley and Dr.
\V. J. K.-lly for the alleged conversion of
ore from their mining property, the Nor
wich quartz mine, adjacent to the North
Star In this district. The complaint al
leges that 100,000 tons of ore has been ex
tracted. :<£
One of the attorneys in the case, who
resides in this city, was Keen last even-
Ing and stated that the Grass Valley suit
had been dismissed and a new action
brought In the courts of San Francisco.
The litigation Is the outgrowth of a dis
pute of >:ong standing between the rival
mining companies.
"MAMMY" PLEASANT SEEKS
TO RECOVER PROPERTY
HANTA ROSA, Nov. 21.— Action was
commenced In the Superior Court this
morning by George R. Eaton, as assignee
of Mary K. Pleasant, against Theresa Bell
nnd It. Porter Ashe. In which plaintiff
ii-s'.>» the court to decree that the purport
ed AffA rnadfl by Mrs. Pleasant In favor
of ThTfua Hell to Rulnart stock farm.
n*-sr CJl^n Kllen, n luting of nearly 1000
, r... und tho ,<•*.*» of the property to
A *h*. are null and void, and the court is
iicV^J fo mm H snm«.
flntnttrr nUrttrn thai Mrs. Pleasant gave
th« ri*r/\ In IWS for the purpose of de
frauding h«r rrodltom and that Mr Bell
ii» v»r T<.'«lvr<l Hi" same. It is also al
j»-K*"l Unit tfm defendant. Ashe, knew the
<oridltl'»n* wliti tho lease of the prop
erty vn* mftd« I" him.
Pontmnnter Sparks Dead.
MARrNVIMJC, NOV. 21.- A telegram
• • ]\ •■«! Ilii
■ .ii death of E. if. Sparks,
;i pfc» lent and Justice <>f th<>
Hi<- northern portion of the
I!,- %■. , ; i master of < 'hallenge,
\e of Indiana, a«-ed 75 years.
THE SAN FTC A> CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1899.
BUSINESS MEN
AT A BANQUET
New York Chamber of
Commerce.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.-The one hun
dred and thirty-first annual banquet of
the Chamber of Commerce was held at
Qleo'a to-night and brought to
gether IN representative business men of
New York. There were present also v
number of distinguished guests, including
. ators Platt and
li. Reed,
Whit, law Reid. President Soth Low of
Columbia University, President «A. T.
Ha. Hey o f y a i 0 Vni verslty; Major Gen
eral Wesley Merritt and John Barrett, «-
Minister to Blam. In his introductory rc
mark.s President Jessup
"I now ask y.ju to till your glasses a:-.d
drink in silence to the toast I will give
>ou. \\o have Sjet with a national loss,
and I am sure that our beloved President
• i with an individual loss, and were
be here he would ;t^k you to drink to the
' that 1 .shall now give you in sl
'The President of the United
The • .irunk standing.
-\i-.\t President Jessup proposed a toast
to (jueen Victoria, while the orchestra
• "God Save the yueen."
Governor Roosevelt spoke to the toast
of "The State ot New \.-rk." His.recep
tion was most .Mattering.
The next speaker was Thomas H.
ex-Speaker ol the House of Hepre
ktlves. He was warmly received, as
was the Governor. President Hadley of
then spoke <>n "Education for Mod
ern Buslnesa Responsibilities." At the
conclusion of President Madley*a i]
r Platt, wt..> it was thought would
s the chamber, Informally left the
banquet-hall. Whltelaw lt«-ld spoke to the
t.'a-t. "The Existing FYlendly Relations
and Great
Britain." Speaking of the better under
standing between the United
• ireat Britain Mr Reid referred to tin
D w:ikh both nations were eni
which he said i. either nation
< 'i ettner \sar. be declared, there can be
but the o>-.e obvious and inevitable n •
suit— the heaviest battalions will wi:i.
leclared that dispassionate observers
would not doubt that In both cases the
end, thus foreseen, would be best for the
security for personal rights, for tho or
dered liberty and for the advancing civ
ilization of the world. Speaking of the
natural sympathy of tho Dutch thai
I out to tho Boers* Mr. Reid said:
"Rut Dutch sympathy with Illusory
j Afrikander aspirations will breed no
' blood feud. Meanwhile It cannot ;
'urn of good relations between the
■ the world nearest to our
■i. alms and Interests— the
■manic i" oplea ruled
from Ix.n: rUn. That is an
:it"iis in Urn Wi rld's history, au
ii for us and auspl the so
: Union of ; m problems, In which
IW ! • .ir our share. No doubt
uty t" cultivate friendly rela
tions with all ; may be
right who say that . • should
■
you caiui.it overruh I of nature
or bln<l with tho parchment of dlploma
• he bidden
•• ry. I say without hesl
■
In the world tl ■
id amity
I, Ger
• many an.'.
the conclui I Id's speech
. voluni ' f° r an< l a
• mdlng to the army
navy. It was enthu
cally ■ ■w no response to 11
II rritt having retired and the ban
• quit ended,
BANK DEPOSITORS
GAIN AN ADVANTAGE
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— The stockholders
of the insolvent Union Savings Bank are
making a strong light to escape their
pro rata of liability on accounts of de
positors. The trial of three suits
brought by depositors against the stock
holders. :n which pome $3C0.000 Is Involv
ed, commenced before Judge Hyland to.
day. The depositors are represented by
J. *R. Welch; while fourteen lawyers aro
looking after the interests of the stock
holders.
In the points decided to-day the de
positors bad tho hotter of it. The de
fense made a fight to have the action of
the bank in 1V:»1. increasing its capital
stock from $2u0.1w0 to Sl.iw.CuO. declared In
valid, but the court ruled against them.
The matter will be carried to the Su
premo Court, but the depositors an con-
Ildcnt of winning, and if they should,
many securities pledged by the bank
after that date can be recovered.
Another ruling of the court was that
no interest would be allowed on deposits
that are barred by the statute of limita
tions, even where computation of Interest
was made within three years of the clos
ing of the bank.
To-morrow will end the trial. It Is ex
pected an agreement will be reached as
to the computation of the accounts of
each of the 2000 depositors.
INCORPORATION OF THE
ALVISO-SAN JOSE ROAD
BAN TOBB, WOT. 21.— Articles incor
nd Alviso Ball
.i:;-. w<r.- died in tho County
■ .-day. The purpose of the
tsation Is to construct and equip
rht and passenger electric railway
n this city and A!'
dcs the line out First street to Al
the franchise granted by the Coun
■• f..r an electric r-ad on Fifth
from Taylor to Fernando is
! by the company.
was granted for fifty
-i is t4'»'.<Vlo, of
which J1"-' ' actually sub
! There i dlrecton
named for the tirst year, with th.-ir
hares;
A. Or ■ . H. L. Mill.-r,
: • i ' M Hat. her, V<« shan
Koch, ; O W Lowery, M shares;
E. I- Reese, 100 shares; Joseph 15. C<
ires. The par value of the shares
With the exception of Rooso and Tory
ell all the directors are residents of San
]
RELIGIOUS STRIFE
DELAYS A WEDDING
PAN RAFAEL, Nov. 21 -Hecauso the
sisters of the aTOOU did n>.t \vi-!i a PrOt*
r to officiate at the weddlnt?
and 'in- parents of the bride would not
consent to s priest tying tho nuptial knot,
the marriage • i But
ton of Novato :iud Mi-s ICarchle Dooa*b
erty was delayed for thirty minur
evenli - >' ladles present went Into
resulted.
Rev. William Marshall was to have of
flciated, but he was notified at the last
minute that his services would not \»- re
quired, w '•" Dougherty, the father,
iinally cut the « J'.r-JiM n ki:<>t by sending
Justice of tii" Peace, who performed
■y. Dougherty th<n took th«
couple to the train and started them for
randsco.
•I was willing to ro half way." declfred
the father, "and that was all. No minis
ter, no priest. A magistrate tied the knot
and I tired the pair off to the metropolis
bef..ro anybody else could take a hand in
the affair."
YAQUIS MAKE OFFERS
OF STOPPING WARFARE
ORTIZ, Mexico, Nov. —A delegation
of Yaqul Indian squaws has arrived here
on the way to Quay mas. They are the
bearers of a message from the chiefs of
the tribe, to President Diaz, which they,
expect to forward through the military
ofllcers In command at Guaymas. In this
message the Indians offer to lay down
their arms provided the conditions exist
ing when the recent outbreak occurred
ore restored. This means that the land
awarded to the Indians under the original
treaty of peace be given back to them.
The squaws saw that the Indians refuse
to negotiate for peace through General
Torres because he Kills all Yaqul prisoners
who fall Into his hands. The squaws are
conveying the message because seven In
dians were recently killed, they said,
while visiting the lines of the Government
forces under a flag of truce.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE LOOKS TO LEGISLATION
Prominent Figures at the Annual Convention.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21. —The second annual convention of the Anti-Saloon League of Northern California adjourned Us '
session to-night in the parlors of the First Methodist Episcopal Church. The coi.vt nriuji lasted only to-day ar.d
this evening, and was presided over by the prebident. Rf-v. J. N. Beard, L>. D. It* programme Wftl character
ized by a number of very strong addresses and by interesting reports of the work of the association during the
past >•:»!. There was some enjoyable music provl.l«-<i.
The chief business of the session wsj the tleetloa <>f ofllcers, and th«-.«e wore chosen, with the exception of the presi
dent, for the ensuing year. The committee could not agree on this point, and s the m.ittf r wan allowed to remain in the
hands of the new executive commltfc The result of the election was as follows: Vice president, Rev. C. 11. H
i; superintendent, Rev. E. S. chapman, D. D., Oakland; secretary. W, B. Jones, Oakland; treasurer, A. W. Nutlor.
Ht-rk.l.y; auditor, E. I. Flint, Oaklard. m
Tin- following were named as an executive committee: Rev. J. X. Beard, San Francisco; Rev. F. D. Rovard. Santa
Rosa; Rev. J. W. Webb, Fresno; Hon. Hiram L. Gear. Berkeley; Rev. T. C. McChesney, Hun Jose; Miss A. M. '
Berkeley; Mrs. Dorcas J. Spencer. Oakland; Rev. William A. Kell^y. Oakland; Mrs. D. C. Borland, Oakland; Jam
Barker, Berkeley: Rev. E. R. Dennett. Oakland; Volney Taylor, Oakland; Rev. -J. R. Dille, D. D., Oakland; Rev. Oeorge
C. Adams. D. D.. San Francisco, and Professor J. T. Wallace, Oakland.
The report of the financial secretary. Miss Eva M. Ayers, gave, among other things, the co«t of the recent hot liquor
fight made in Berkeley. The report was in the main as follows: Balance on hand at the beginning of the year, $321 23;
receipts during the year, $6940 56; salaries during the year. $2339 49; incidental <xpen.se*. $Stf) 84; cnat of "ierkeley campaign.
$578 35; campaign in Santa Clara County, $110 15; cost of Searchlight, $1057 74; miscellaneous printing $557 25 Total expendi
tures, $7160 20. Balance on hand. $101 39.
Probably the most stirring address of the convention was that made to-night by the Rev. William Kelley, who spoke
on "Personal Responsibility." He declared that legislation alone will stem the tide of the army of drunkards of this
country. A strong paper was read by Miss A- M. Hicks in the afternoon. Addresses were made by Rev. Alan G. Clarke,
field secretary of the Fresno district; Rev. George C. Adams, D. D., of San Francisco. Rev. D. K. Potter of this city. Pro
fessor S. P. Meads, Rev. E. 8. Chapman and Rev. Mr. Beard. There were recitations by Miss Laura Person and Miss
llllraa A. Buttlar.
ATTORNEY BERGIN'S
ALLEGATIONS DENIED
FLOKENCE BLYTHE HINCKLEY
TELLS HER STORY.
Florence Blytho Hlnckley, petite and
demure, occupied the witness stand In
Judge Seawell's court yesterday to make
her denial to the allegations of Attorney
Thomas I. Bergin, who avers that she
retained him as counsel during the battle
for the Blythe millions. Mr. Bergin
claims $30,000 counsel fees for services ren
dered since January 19. IV'2.
Mr- I denied that she had re
tained Mr. Bergln and said that during
the litigation .!;-• waa enl] Interested In
the outcome and paid but little attention
to the prof the case. In answer
to Attorney Mai Sullivan's question, she
said that she did not know anything
about law. "DM you know much about
rs?" Mr. Sullivan then asked. The
witness' answer in the negative caused
ronsldi er, and It was some
examination continued.
M- tilnckley further said that she Was
Ign .red r;iitil she was 19 years of ago. nm
consulted in relation to tho litiga
tion until she had attained that age. She
was not permitted to waste her time
reading the newspapers when h.-r school
books demanded her attention. Jn order
ntradlct her testimony that she did
not know that Mr. Hergiri was represent
ing tier during various arguments on her
behalf before the Supreme Court, a letter
was Introduced written l>v hor, in which
she thanked the attorney for hi* labors
In ln-r behalf. Sh. admitted having writ
ten the letter, but said she did it !■•
other? had told h.r that Mr Hergln had
done much for her side of tho eoso. The
hearing of thi action will continue to-day.
LIGHT AND SIGNAL FOR ARGUELLO.
DRAWINGS of the new lighthouse, fog-signal building and two dwelling i
tobecrtctcd In connection with the lighthouse station at Point Arguello
h.iv.- been received from Washington by Major Charles E. L. B. I
Davis, engineer of the Twelfth Lighthouse District. The dwellings (
will be, raspeettTely, single and double. The contracts for constructing
the light, fog signal, etc, will be aavertjsed in a few days and the work (
will be accomplished during the coming season. Point Arguello Is about
twelve miles northwest of Point t'oncepclon. and It Is said to be one of the i
foggiest places upon the Pacific Coast. According to the report of the
LJshUtOOM Hoard, Point Arguello. In consequence of the sharp bend In the (
coast, the outlying roekl and the almost constant fog that prevails, is one
of th< BMM( Important places on the coast for the establishment of a fag '
light and fug signal station. The Government lias owned the site for some
time. It has been a long time getting the station established, a recom- '
mendatlon for it having been made by the Lighthouse Board «very one ct
the past nine years. Tho cost is estimated at $35,000. The tog signal is
considered by Major Davis to be of more importance than the light. The (
light will be eighty-six CMC above the Bea level. It will be of the fourth
order. i
I IF YOU ALLOW
I A Drupijist to "palm off" a cheap substitute upon you, when
you a.-li for a Genuine Article, he attacks your intellectuality.
| IF CONSTIPATED YOU WANT RELIEF.
NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT.
YOUR PHYSICIAN WILL RECOMMEND IT.
HunyadiJanos ,::::::..
WILL DEVOTE FUNDS
TO SEWING SCHOOL
CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES
HOLDS SPECIAL MEETING.
The threatening weather had no effect
on the attendance f delegates at the
Conference of Charities at Golden Gate
Hall yesterday afternoon. The n.
was a special one, called to consider the
question of what practical charity the
: ition should undertake with the
$441 23 which it has on hand. The total
pts of the association from 1W to
1899 amount to $i»43 il. while $2502 27 has
been disbursed. $21"0 of which was rx
i on the nursing committee. Ana*
per by Mrs. L, A. Whltcomb entitled "Tho
Necessity of a Sewing School" was read,
in which the need of a practical educa
tion in tho art of needlework was
and a scheme of such an institution out
lined. The idea nut with the warm ap
proval of t!.'- convention, on the ?ug
n Of Miss Hannah l>olJMllhj. an
Intent was adopted with regard to
til. training of cooks in cosjiectlon with
the sewing school. A mmmitte. ..f five.
to confer with tho executive committee
on the proposed scl ■ appointed,
ling of tho following: Mrs. Tbeo
K. Smith. Mrs. W. A. Swiilnet t,:i. Mrs.
Anne Bryce, Dr. Dorathea Moor*
Mrs. Taylor Roper". A letter was read
from tin superintendent of the Good >»
marltan Mission. Informing tho commii
t f the discontinuation of the wood
yard, in which Indigent men bavi been
Mmcd to lalxir with bu< ksaw and
ax for their dally bread. A communica
tion from Mrs. Hearst was also
recommending the transference of the
nursing committee's work to the Associ
ated charities. Prospects for tho winter
ure bright. Chairman H. Wheeler stat
ing that men wflUlig tfl ta. kle any klnfl
of work will have no difficulty in obtain
ing employment The following member*
of th. executive committee \\.r>- pr<
risky. M -
Buckingham, M
c,. H. Pressoo and lUrold Wheeler, chair
man.
ELECTION EXPENSES.
Candidates Busy Filing Statements
With the Registrar.
A number of candidates filed an item
ized statement of their expenditures with
Registrar Bteppacher yesterday. To-day
is the last day on which these reports
can be Hied, and unless the candidates
comply with the law the successful ones
will be disqualified.
The statements contain the specific
Items for which money has been expend
ed, which include printing of cards, fa
vorable notices in th- papers and assess
ments by the County Commit) The
following are those who filed i-tatements:
M. J. Montana (D.> for Supervisor, SU9SO:
m ? - ,1", 1 "- Napl, (R.) for Police Judpe.
KSiiO; John Connor (R.) for Supervisor.
5113; E. W. Carpenter (8. L.) for Super
visor, nothing; James P. Booth (D.) for
Supervisor. SM 2T.: L. O. Carpenter <R.) for
Police Judge. $35550; S. 11. Brooks (D.)
for Treasurer. J.!rs: O.scar Bach (S. L.) for
Supervisor, GO cents; B. Fcdde (S. L.) for
Supervisor, GO cents; T. H. Morris (R.) for
Supervisor, 50 c«nts; Albert Heyer i ft • for
Assessor, JSSI 4O: Thomas L. Henderson
<?•> ,' or . fcuixrvlsor. $117 90: Ernest Koe
nlg (S. D.) for Treasurer, nothing; S. B.
* ranee (S. 1.. for Coroner, nothing; Val
entine Britton (S. L.) for Tax Collector,
nothing: Arthur Andre (S. D.) for Public
Administrator, nothing; J. E. Farrell
(8. L.) for Supervisor, nothing; George It.
Sanderson iK.i for Supervisor. $119I>:.; E.
P. Mogan .1).) for Police Judge. f::.. .T3-
John Lnckmann (R.) for Sheriff, $7~N r*i-
Asa K. Wells (R.) for Auditor, $Tj2 73 :
\\ Mliam A. Deane <R.) for County Clerk,
$2.i<; Ldmund Godchaux (D.) for Recorder
$353 03; William Wai fit.) for Super
visor. $116: It. M. Hotallng (D.) for Su
pervisor. $112 50: Washington Dodge (D )
for Assessor, $754 S3; Victor D. Duboc'o
(It.) for Supervisor, $103 20; John Robert
son is. L.) for Supervisor. $1 23: Cyrus S.
Wright (It.) for Supervisor, $120; Henry
U. Brandensteln (D.) for Supervisor. $113
and William N. McCarthy (D.) for Super
visor, $106 50.
MUTTON MASQUERADING.
Deputy C. A. Vogelsang of the Stato
Game and Fish Commission was bsl
yesterday that the proprietor <>f tho Pop
ular restaurant on Geary street was vio
lating the law »■> selling deer Beat to his
patrons. Wh» n the noon hour arrived the
deputy rushed Into the place like any
hungry man. ai i mm «.f faru
found thai
among the entrees. H< re iras an oppor
tunity to bold uji before the public a bor*
ri i.l. example, and be called (<t the stew.
When tt..- dish was served .
! with suspicion upon it. for th«
the shape ..r those
usually forming the framework
deer*! Calling to the proprie
tor be <!• nuuided to know if the m> tl in
•• w was really that of a g.nulne,
deer. The* proprietor began to sm>>ll a
mice and ask d whom he was Fp-aklng to
II" waa told, whereupon he
"\\ hy, no. It !s mutton, pure and sim
ple."
•'t you know that you are violating
the '.aw tiv obtaining
" •-k. -i the deputy. Th- r<
ram nr-.n replied that the name
ref< rred to the "hunt, i
which tho ?h<»p meat was COOS
to the quality of the meat ir:
sang pulled the Code on the proprie
tor and r- 'inition of the crime
of obtaining nrnn. y by false j.r.
and stated that If "venison sten
appeared on the bin again tho ii n w would
■!iod to the proprietor of the i
lar. Tho latter stated that he did not
care to tost the constitutionality of the
statute on acrount nt mutton
stew masquerading under the name of
deer nuat, and no arrests wore made
FOR CHANGE OF VENUE.
BANTA BARBARA, Hot, tl ItCmueyi
for fda Addis Storlci- hfl notlre
on Distri.-t Attorney Bquter that they
will moye the court to-morrow morning
f..r a change In the trial from
this county wthp county of Los Angeles
The motion will he made upon the
that a fair and Impartial trial cannot h
bad in t!ii- county, and it will be made
upon the affidavits of tho defendant and
Attorneys C. F Can ft Wright
■ad W th The defendant's affi
davit she believes -
in impartial trial l ause of th«- gen
eral f.-,ling of ill will, prejudi. •
tility existing against her here an-1 thit
she has been an objeel of bitter hatred
and a "Rapinir cariosity "
Runaway Boy Captured.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. -Tony Silva. the
12-year-old son of a local restaurateur,
borrowed $1" from a merchant named Oil
llgan to-day on the pretense that his
father wanted the money, and started to
leave town, when be was apprehended by
Constab • Lewis Hughes and Deputy
Constable George Agnew and place.) in
Jail upon a charge of vagrancy at the re
quest Of his parents. The boy Is a cousin
jill-b a reake? r S ' the 7-year-old thug and
Robbed a Priest.
NOVATO. Nov. 21-Rev. Father Byrne
was the victim of a bold burglary by
which he lost $G0 in coin a few days aco
Father Byrne had held a Catholic fair ami
bnzaar and the money stolen was the bet
profits. The burglar entered a bedroom
and took the money from a trunk while
the priest was in San Francisco a pecu
liar coincidence was the disappearance of
his cook, named Arnold, at the same time
with the money. The San Francisco
police are now Marching for Arnold on
suspicion that he is the thief.
DIED WHILE A
GALE WRECKED
HIS OLD BARK
Passing of Captain
T. W. Badger.
Oakland Office Sir. Francl.«"'> Call,
adway, N
captain t. W, Badger died earljr this
mornir.g after aeventy-thf >fre
d life. T) : Cap
■
ago, but BbJM
time a strange cotnoider.ru hi
ij.raln ws Dg hii
last hi? old ship. th»> hurjr,
' ing ground -i on the. Mendo
clno (
Captain IJadger married Mrs.
burg, the widow of tho original
of the bark, in XV». and for many
■ up!«» have lived at their home
< ' .Kland.
The .11 be held from dM
c on Thursday mornir.g. the
:ng conducted by Rev. Hamll
: mains will be
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
One of Captain Badger*! companions on
th- most eventful voyage of the steam
ship Central America was cx-Chlef of
Police Fletcher.
"We left Pan Francisco." said
Fletcher, "on the 20th of August. I>i7.
on the Sonora. Crossing the isthmus of
Panama we took passage for New York
on the Central America. On September
8 we left Havana In Cuba, where w« had
put in to coal. We took a gale as aoon
as we left port. Four days tno stcrm
kept up with incessant fury, the ship go
ing down on the evening of September *2.
"The Central America was coirmanded
by Lieutenant Herndon of the n.ivy. Dur
ing the voyage Captain Badger had as
much to say as rndon In the manag
ing of the vessel. The trouble was with
the water. It got Into the fireroom.
Most of us men being miner*, rigged up
pumps and worked away endeavoring to
keep the ship afloat. We even resorted
to ling. We emptied all the boilers
and water casks In the hope that the ves
sel would not sink.
"On the afternoon before the ship went
down a schooner me alongside, but re
fused to lay to and help us out. Next
came a brig, which lay off SI a dlstnr.ee
and agreed to take off our passengers.
Captain Herndon Issued orders that th«
women and children should all go first
and they did.
"Forty-nine of as men. Captain B
nnr ng them, were plcko.l up
i bark Ellen frur;
made N >rfolk. Vx, and later got
Into New York "
DIVORCED BECAUSE
HUSBAND IS A FELON
OAKLAND, Nnv. Tl— Superior J»irt«f»
Ogden to-day granted a divorce to Laura
Mahon from Philip D. M II
the ground that the lntt^r h.i
of a felony, to wit. assault la co-n
mit murder. Plaintiff Is n '-sum*
hfr maiden name. Laur ■ :• cr.al.
nnd tho custody of a minor child is i
her.
Beatrice Chase was to-day granted a
divorce by Superior Judge Greene 'rom
Albert B. Chase, on tho ground of lnfldrl-
Ity. The custody of the minor chid.
Harry B. Chase. Is awarded to plaintiff,
who Is also permitted to resume her
mnlden name. Beatrice Perkins. The de
fendant Is ordered to pay monthly $10 to
ward the support of plaintiff and $W to
ward tho support of her child. The par
ties were secretly married at San Rafael
two years ago and were both very young.
In the divorce suit of George W. Graves
ngainnt Josephine G. Graves default of de
fendant for failure to answer amended
complaint was enter. to-day.
WOULD FOREGO
THE WEDDING TRIP
ALAMEDA, Nov. a.— William Sh«>rwoM
Durand of Oakland, aged . and
Grace Harrison of Lorln. aged 20 yearn,
WWTS marri-d bf Justice of the Peace
this evening.
The young man called on the Judyr*
about 5 o'clock this evening and asked him
if he could perform a wedding ceremony
for one dollar, as that was all the money
he had. He could forego the formalities}
of a wedding trip If the Judge could tin
the nuptial knot for the sum named Th->
Judge stated that by cutting the cere
mony short he might accommodate h!m.
The young man returned shortly after. *.e
companied by the bride to be. The Ju-lco
had them step Into the office of the Chief
of Police, where In the presence of Ser
geant Kamp he made them man and wtfe.
Before leaving the office the bride nlared
a $3 gold piece In the hand of the Judce.
The couple had been walking up nnd down
In front of the courtroom all afternoon
before the groom mustered up /courage ;o
ask the Justice to marry them. The con
sent of the young man's father to the
marriage was given.
The Nationals.
companies c and Q of th* National
eomssoniy Vrnwn as "The Natinn
ala, M at their meeting la.«t Monday night
appointed a committee to arrange f -
anniversary party.
Rival Express Company.
BACBAMKNTO, H U Ea-<t»rn
■
official here, asking for information r- -
gardintr th^ • ik* in
. thl-»
State. The nime of the company has not
been disc!'
Prominent Yachtsman Dead.
LONDON, Nnv. 21.— Dixon Kemp, tha
vnrht designer, yarhting edtte* of FI»H
and formerly secretary of tho Yarht
naming Afi»oclatlon. died to-day In his
sixtieth year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT free to MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy aro being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute, has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcooele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seem» to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A reotiesi to th*
State Medical Institute. 523 Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one or their fre« trial park-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and tba free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Th»
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample.
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers axe
requested to write wtihout delay.
910
BAN FXtAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the lan rra.nc!sc^ !
CalU.efmer of Market an 1 Third Btrert*. open
ctitll 12 o'clock evrry n'.gfct tn the year.
BRANCH OFmcrrS-m Montgomery street,
cot-tut Olay; < ;.<-n ur.'.ll J *> j>. m.
Ri>o 3 !*><■» street; <>;vn until ?:3;i p.' m
C3J McAllister «Mr<."et: ojien until S:SO p. m.
OS Larkln Mr»<rt; orx-n until 9:59 p. ta.
JS-41 Mlr.:'.o:t rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
!?n Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
v . :• p. in.
UN Eleventh street; open until I p. m.
V.16 Valencia nrift; cjwn until 9 p. tu.
irS Polk stroet; oj«rn until 9 p. la.
Northwert coi-ner ol Tweartjr *)ecooB and Ken-
turky tMtrrtt.; « ;>t-n UT.tU 9 p. tn.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT aSOIUAH Lode* No. 44. f! o~*
ar.d A. M.-t=t«-.Mnl lasting THIS __?>__.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3 d TLjf
rt'clocit, for Innimctlon in new it ik /^r '
SJarfcr Ma*cns Invited.
Til 80. FROLICH, - •■•«—.
CROCKETT L>^ee No. :3J. F. and A. m
21. -Third firgr-e THIS (WBDNES- _*•«-
DAY) BVBKINO. November £2. at 7.30 J&jC
u'cloik. By or.W of the \V. M. /^V > j
H. FORTIUEDE. Secretary^ j
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. !«. T. and A. •
M.—^«e<~t»J mating TBIS iWEDNES'-^^-
1»AY) EVENING. November ::. *» ;; '°/W\
o'dodC. TVtrd depree * v '
Til IX). U. SMITH. ! sf crets £ y ;_
MISSION Lode* No. F. «nl A. M— O
i-mUt-A me^jf/.g THIS (1\ KDNESDAT) mM\m
EVENING, at 7 2i> o'clock. Third de- JL^
pree. C. l> KUXKEB.__B«Tetaf>-. / V
C^NiVimilA I#>Jce No. :T2. I. O. ***&•*£.'£■
O. F.— The ni.mh.rh cf the Tuner- f^2c3sv£r
al commit lim- «<•<■ hervby tn.itifle«l
10 assemble at v'M r~!H>wV HhJI v - 7s n
WEDNESDAY, it I'M »•■ m .. to mtjtnfl th*. |
funeral of cur late brother JT Ll' a :
BKNCKEX. (> O MEYER. N. o.
CHRIST ROEHER. P.»"ot-Ilr.g Secretary. I
VMTY*Lodc« Nn. 131. I. O. O. F.- -£££&,, j
Member* «■>• request ml (.lavriblsD^^^
' at th* fia.ll. RUSeenth n«d Vnlen- " : vjpE&S="- I
Ola. WKi'NKM'AV aftrrmxvi at
1-J9 o'clock sharp v» nttn-id the funeral err-
!=«•* of Brother ijrx)lt«;!: LUTHER-
WILL J. FRENCH, N. a.
IV L. SIMPSON. Uec. S«c.
limn Knti3:ts of tbe Ked Branch J
•«iill m««-t at the ha.! l. 1133 Mis- X
*1.-.n rt.. THIS (WEDNESDAY) X •
i:vk>;in<3. n..v. r:. at « o'clock. », y&rA>
l!ualr.ra» of prn»t itr.i«>rtance Will ?|"L_ Ja ■
be transacted.' Rvt-ry member i« ♦.2__2r j
rv<3Ue*ted to be ;r>i««-nt. m >~ " t *"^
TlllZ J'ItICSIDENT.
ANNUAL Mi>eiitic— Regular tnnuai lavetinr of
tl r stockholder* of the I'aauhau Set*.: Plan- ■
tation '".. •: .n. will be Ij. 1.1 at the oftlce
cf the 1 .j.-. ;*.:.. • . £T7 Market »t_. tn the city
ac 9 county of San Fra.nc'.*co, oa HATUIt-
I>AT. lh« .i •': > of l»ecesiber. U9». at th*
li.'-r of 11 o'clock a. in., for the i". nose of ;
electing a board cf directors to ■«,-« for the
er.pulrg year and tUe transaction of such ■
other baalnees «i» may ■-.:-■■ before the meet-
Ir.t. "Yur.sfer bouk* will ulorm on Wednes-
day, November 2T. l?f*. at 3 o'clock p. m.
r. H. SMELT -ox. S*cr*tarv.
fl . California I "elm* ComtnJsCun Uav!ng ••
' celved »: r'l -i.t! r..< *!o mine liy the hydraulic
•froceM Jrota W. 11. f»comb* la (he Lan-
decker mine. r»ar P^acervr.le, El Doradn
County, to deroslt tafllnca :a a ravine tribu-
tary to Webber Crs»eU; rrora Jo«. J. Hoffman
. tvfcd T. M. Browne. In trw Pargon IBs, at
Hath. Plar*r f*c»unty. to deposit tnlllnr* in
Volcano Canyon. ar,4 Jroni «J. W. Coatee
and E. S. Etand&ll. 1^ the Pehl.le Hill v'«<-er
mine, near f-'m'th* l-Ty. El iV/rado County,
to flepoait tailings in Llftl* Chunk O.nyon.
STlvee notlr* that a jr.ertinc Win 1* held at
room r.!, FlaM rulldlr.s. Fan Francisco. Cal.. ,
on rw«r^tvr <■ IMI «t I::"* p. m.
ATTOUMIVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; IV W. KING, flxth floor. Chron-
ic!* bvl!fi'.ng: r» advance charses; all r«isea;
estates, mnrtfraccs, dua&re*. collections,
harkruptcy, »i!!*, etc., drawn; moderate 1
Tees; call or rrvi'.t.
APVICK free: divorce Saw a •rwialtr: private;
tin Tee wi'hout eucee»*: col 1 ~*t!ons. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. CO Market, cor. Stocjtrn.
KOAI? F. n-OOl'. VS.* Market St.. orP- Mason; '
o- r.m:ta.tioTi fre«: moderate fee*. |
i* P. CLAUK. r.mira Srrerkele bu«<3lr.c. <C 7
Mcrket ; crmaaltatlon fre»; r.n '• »- in advance.
APVICB fr<«»: no charge unV«s succ»"e«ful. W.
T, rt-WTrf^N. *?:: M»rVet «v. opp. Ma«"n.
IJKVCI.K Kfcl'AlKS- 1
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market *nrt Tenth.
RAY AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAiniNfl A ■ IM.TT 1
IlO.Utl) AND ROOMS.
2:r)UY. 12S— United Ftatee Hotel; roome Jl 50 j
Tv*ek up with board Si 50; euite 'cr two with
board, $12: beard, t* week; sieala, ZSc; ele- j
vator rune aM ■•■ . '•' ,
Jv'llW family hntr!; fim-claf* in all appoint- ■)
mtr.'p; exr*:U-nt tab!. 1 . X' California st., oc-
c»r"i«X '''jrner op;vri»e «I»»ce Church.
•'BKIXmAVIA HOTEL." Pols and Clay— Bun-
ny wltai; best b-«rd; for 2. J«i up; since. Ii»').
1-At PALMAS. :x:(» Market— Puite of 2 or I
rrcs.; private; hath: sin. rms. ; bor.rd optional.
O'KAHP.ELL. 741— Larpe eunr.y front rooma;
g->od home rooking; also single rooms; j;0 up.
* WECIAL effer to trachera; new and select. 807 !
California rt. ;
tlOO.noo TO ln*n on dianonrt*,wateh»>a. silver, eeal-
eklr«. iilnnr>s. gur.K. T'n'le Harrlii. 15 <Imnt *v.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
3TOT'NG lady w!rhr« board and room with all
•ncnvenlence*. l>etwf-en I >»>pj and Lron.
lialglit and Oak. Bos: IM7. Call offioe.
COUPLE with *- year-old son want board In
invate famKr: go-» 1 Incatic.n. Box ISI4. Call.
DOAIIDI\G FOX 1 UILURBH
,%VANTEI>— A cMld to board; aleo to teach If
■ Retired: best of referenre* given. Call or ad-
«re«» MTIR. .V. N. COTTIj:. 7CB Sixteenth St..
Oakland. CaL
•WTANTED— To board. : cr I children. _. or
— aCCre *a MKS J.~D^ T.y^sa Mlnria »t.
"WTDOW. v.'.f a R!c« home, trams a «mall child
to b"»r1: pc<vl hnmr; brut care. IW Fell at. '
— NEW AND . OLD.
BCHOOL 1W30K3 bouarht and exchanged.
Holme* JV,rk Co.. 704 Minslon ►: . r.ear Third.
ItOOTH AM) Mlui>.
Bat. *>. - In BbOCStI Seed for price list.
fi; *cla: -I'' yf 1 heavy '.a. »• »hoes, 11 to 2... 75 c
H; *<-'.»! -".-•. 1 regular i" •■'.■•*■». all styles. tl Sa
people* b'hue Pt<.r«. 3303 Htncktoa. nr. Brdwy.
UOOTS snd »-.„•'• order from let-class
material. JC t<> R; repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NINEN. HI Du*h «.. formerly with McNulty.
111 "l\l.^ CIIANCI2S.
A— sKo<>: lIOTHI* established years, with large
; utr' :.ai-f. place being known mi one of the
. h.i.r.c h<- -.'I < :a- > hotels .-ii the coatt; \Zj
riKima. barroom, office, etc.; furnlturo and
carpets riiui-t all new; centraJ location; a g'.lt-
• • ;l-- investDenU Call 1:. G. V.IJ.KU »0S
Market at.
A— *«■>*): THH :»a<l!rig hat *tore at th!* city; es-
taMlshed Jor V> y«M«r». with i.iitj- patronage; a
tsjilotiJld tusine«a crfcr; fullrat '.nvestUatlon
frullrited; you will flad this a fimt-olaj* In-
\ri«trr.c:it. TaH It. G. WILKE. M* Market at.
A- *.'*C; SAL«XJN oa Fourth »t., close to Mar-
kit: llviiiff ruomi, fixture-* and rtook worth
11000; a laxgaln. R. Ci. WILKC K»j Market.
A— •*•"■'.'; <."<.')"l"i;ii aujoon and restaurant; clo»«
•to California a-M Bntt«T> *t». ; r»-nt 140; i
jea.ni' leit*e; a cood-paylng plS'-e; »»e 5 t Class
of custi.m; verj' rmre chance; i-ickneas only
cMMofulf. U. G. WlUvli. PJt Market *t.
>. KM BALOOK: doing a »plrnilld business;
n<i«t and cl.-«n; r.a water fr..nt. uproalte Mle-
*u.n-rt. wlxu-f. Ca.ll 11. »J. VV'ILKE. »0C Market.
A— V<Q: CAXDT fa,ttor>- *r:d ice cream parlors
on Valencia »t.: e>tabllfcbed year* and doing
a good pajlng tiuslcftsa; rent Jl-; a splendid
tu»lnrr« t.lTer. i'ull It. O. Wllke. so€ Market.
J4OW— OLD eatabl'.f&hed bhker}' and coCTee* par-
!w*: ln rbolrest 3'<*tlon; doing a splendid
• lnir!neee; tanre outside trade; rullest .UVI*-
I '.cation solicited. Call It. G. "WILEE. S»M
Market rt.
A-$300: HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellia
rt.; che«T> rtnt; splendidly laying. Call It.
G. WILKH. iiOCJJnrket st.
A-tJOOft— HAIXHJN In wholesale district; eatabL
years and doing a r "J paring buelneta: no
night or fiunflay work: rent J5O Call r! O.
V.-ILKE. !*« Market ft.
ixn— SALOON on princij>al street; furniture in-
cluded. McLAL'CiIILI N &^ CO.. 7774 Market.
Vuio— G rtocnit Y and bar and IMglng-houae"
Mclaughlin &_o° •_ TtT>l L M ' rket ft
135— Fill ; IT store with home and wagon. Me-
LAUQH LIN Ac C<y., 777'.t Market at. *
tIW)— FKUIT. clrar. statlonrry and candy «tor»;
dally r<- ■;; «- rr< to !.''•'; bargain. McLAL'GH-
LIN & OO^jT?'^ Market st.
p-X^OaAR, candy and billiard room; cheap
rrrt- <*tal»lish«-d 3 year*; good location; iarg«
tra'lr. HEALY. Sl7 Market >L
Ks*ni» wood, coal yard: flne location- cheap
. ' rent; bargain. <XVN INO & CO.. 925 Market.
•JTNTIST want* to buy a half Interest or the
•aiinje nf a well-established practice, or will
o<-r<Tt r>o*ltlon In a flret-cl&ss office. Address
box VZI. Call office^
J'AHTNnn wanted Jn a produce buslnese to
drive wacoa. 11M Harrlton St.
•VtaVtEtS- Partner In printing business; a
food opportunity. 244 McAllister at.
11l SIM.-v CHANCES— Continued.
-CORNER saloon ln wholesale district;
Cr*t-clfc«» trade. ALFA CO.. fis Market st.
FRUIT _ro and nut ranch -which cleared |
SUM this year to *e;i or exchange for lodg- ;
I n* - hov.ee or business. ALFA CO.. 935 Markt.
jSv^-I'AYING restaurant; good location! owner
unwell; Investigate. ALFA CO.. *33 Market.
$15C»> TO invest In saloon well located and pay-
ltig. ALFA CO.. 95 Market at.
HOTEL ln go«xl location for aale. lease or ex-
change. ALFA CO.. 835 Market St.
j^. . BEST inoney-iiuikiiijf saloon on water
front; rent $ir.. ALFA CO.. 935 Market at.
$000- -BEST-PAYING day an«i n'.Kht aaloon in
the city. ALFA CO.. S3S Market M
fa —S MALL restaurant; pood location; part-
v.-rf t'lsaicree; S ood traiJe. ALFA CO.. til Mkt.
$lu<i WILL buy partnership ln paying bualness;
everything in kisht. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
$icy»— l9 ROOMS; elegantly furnished: 217 Grant •
aye : eory payment*. Apply ASSOCIATED
UENTINO CO.. 422 Parrott building.
BARGAIN— 2O years established business; ba-
zaar nntlcn and stationery atore; my atten-
tion VetjulrM East. 1332 Polk St.
SHOEMAKER shop; will ivll for $10; worth
$r,O. SOl Noe at., cor. Market.
CORNER saloon in buslneaa part of city will be
sold clicop; nice fixtures and good stock of
I'.cuor* and cigars: full value In Bight and low
rent. Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN.
Wholesale Liquor Merchants. 6E. cor. Sev-
enth and Mission sts.
SALOON— Must sell on account leaving town;
Koud bargain. 336 Townsend at., :;r. S. P. R.
R. _ttaa\
BARBER »hop for sale; snap for right man.
Inquire at 131 Third s| burber sbop.
HARPER shop for s»ie; owner having two
shop*. Inquire at 3114 Flllmore Ft.
FIRST-CLASS grocery ar.d b«r at invoice; twu-
thtnis cash; balance on time. Box SP2. Call.
VARIETY store and coffee parlor, with 4 llv-
Ir.K rooms; cheap. 2474 Mission st.
CANI'Y atore; half value; cause departure; bo
agent*. 131 Fifth tt.
FIRST-CLASH French liquor store; established
2i years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell *t.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 rerular boarders;
narth of Market. Box ;<7. Cnll offlce.
COrFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlc« for Call advertisements and
subscriptions __» Nren established at 10*6 Va-
lenoia rt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new: bustnees wagons, new. suitable tor dry
gv.->d>. ►tore*: n.i-iy. K3B Harrison at.
ALL kinds of wagons, : «;_>«. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN' A- SON. 2117 Ml«elon at.
!O0 SETS second-hand hamese; wagon*, carts.
buggies, surrey* and horses. 1149 Folsnm yt.
CARPET IIEATING AND CLEANING. '<
WHEN you become dlnfrusted with poor work
•end to BPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
bvattng Works. S."S-i'7 Tehamft at.; tel S. 4>.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 fcth st.; tel. South 250. j
J.McOUEF.X'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4Z.3 Stevenson St.: tel P^uth £S: lowest rates, i
ADVANCE Carpit Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3*4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c r*r yard: laid at 2c.
STHATT' * S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 544.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
St.; •.eanlnc. Sc per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONK LIN'S Carpet- N-at Ing Works. 833 Golden
■^nte »ye : t*l. T>«t 1?C
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and 1
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure (or poison cak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. OffW and factory. 21 Sp^ar tt.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM- SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR.' CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may he con-
rulted en all affairs of life. While entrance.!
rhe re-veals even' hidden mystery; — will |
t-how you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
'unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
jiroperty; locates minerals; tells your entire
life while in a perfect trance; catisfactlon
»ruo'rantee<i iiy mall; »end utamp for circular
; vltn s-jertal terrr.B. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk »t.. near Jon«*. Home Sun. and eves.
REMOVED— MRS. J. J. WH ITN EY. 11CH Mar-
k«?t tt..' cor. Turk; medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant; sittings dally; diagnosis frev;
'new method" treatment for chronic, private, j
obscure dl^e•a^'- !-■:.■! stamp for circular. ;
MME. LEBUS. the only true destiny reader,
t <-lT.es separated lovers together, brings hap- |
linens to married couplet., gives advice con-
cerning business matters, locate* stolen prop-
erty: ladles, 25c; gentlemen. 50c. 310 Turk el.
MME. MELBOURNE, prophetic reader of dea-
tltiy. will be here for 10 days; now is the time
to kn •*• your futur*; 25c and JA-; houre l:J0
to 5 p. m.. 7-10 p. m. 6i:«. t Eddy ft.
! MME. a. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish |
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat- ,
ter*. 5 Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
In
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; reads y.. ur life; cnul'.e !
to grave. 60c. $1. 39 Turk. ror. Taylor, l-arlrs 25.2 J.
JOHN PLATER— CircIe to-night. 8:15; sittings
dally. 19 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2*.<- up. 73 Fourth St.. neai Mission.
SIXTH. ICrS— Napoleon card reader and aympa-
thy hra'er; first floor, room 1.
GYPSY life reader: sfltisfu ■• guaranteed;
Jic: correct nrers to all questions. 6 7th st. 1
MM E. HANSON, palmistry 10c: card reader:
part, pi rgf.it. future.— gfic.— MS RIXIhTdTTr.IZ.
MME. RAVKNNA rends life fluently; bustnesa
advice; name* given; 25c up. S Fourth at.
DR. : D rWCHER, professional hypno-
tiat; dlntases curod without medicine. 142 (th.
EDWAKD EARLE. Independent slatewriterT
S*o Elite et.; circle Bun. and Wed. evening*. I
TOUR future told by cards. 2lc 102V4 sTxth^itl
10 a. m. to •> p. m.
MM£. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladle*. 914 O'Fnrrell st.
MME. AUGUST, cluirvoyam. _: I reader and
jmlmljtry. 2>; truth or no pay. 114<t MlhMon.
! MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly J
Call. 1C pagee, sent to any addr-ss ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
Postage nnld.
—————-—-^— —-—-— -—-.. — —
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, id Foisom;
free medical and *urg. treatment: * to ]! m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
leis BUcrXyfjl. Room Slt>. ..■» Market at.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. snifdaiNS r ~c£n"taT. parioT*. 927
Market Bt.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; al*o by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gun..-, the beat and moat artistic
dental work at n-attonable prices; pure gola
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from COc;
badll decayed teeth carefully treated n.i
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from >4 L 0 up; fl«wh colored plates from $3 &v
up; teeth without plates a specialty; cpen
evenings an. l Sunday*.
A NEW anesthetic for palnjess dentiatry—
Sy&ol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flr*h-color>*d plate*; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 2»
year*; crown and bridge work; tevth with-
out a plate; filling*. 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; ail work painless and warranted.
Chicago I-ntal Parlor.. 24 Sixth st.
AT tbe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
k»t et., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., >.. can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plate* our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 ip; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a.m.to 10 p. m.; —days, 9to 2
p. m. G. V. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. M O'Farrell at ex-
tracts and 011b teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3, received 8 flr»t
prises no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electricl-
ty; guarantee lv years, lowest prices; 10 op-
frator*; no xtudents. 997 Market %t.
DR 1 M.i M HILL. 1443 Market St.. nnar
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
* fpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
METER— Zahnarxt. 6 Turk; lat-«la*e
work; price* reaa.; gas; crown A bridge work.
8 "TOo. ta?rst a?r5 i k t y pUte - DR - »-- c -
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; i graduate opt-ra-
tora; open evmlnya and Rundaya. HO Market.
I ■■*. Par] I * l ;■: Keann cor. Buah;
full set of teeth. ${; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prlcea 8. F.: work warranted 10
>*ars. N. T. PentUts. 967 Mission, cor. «th.
CHEAP**- and best In Ameriea-Th* Weekly
}*!****• en 4 " ■ a * •>«««»• In the
T.nlted States or Canada on* rear for |1.
postage paid. »
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAL,T_. WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 22. 1899.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
STYLISH suit* made; only $4; high grade work
and perfect fit. 220 Eddy st.
is. F. making, —.dies' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
SKIRTS made from $1 up; suits reasonable.
171 Minna st., upstair*.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. plnkUr 121 Post.over O'Connor ft Mnffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
THOROUGHLY experienced English teacher
will take private pupils In the higher English
branches; particular attention given to laill«»
and gentlemen whose education has l>e»u
neglected: also to nervous end backward
pupils. Box 1328. Call office.
HEALIVS Buslnesa College. .i Poet at.. S. P.;
l>racllcai courses ln bookketplng. shorthand.
typing. language*. telegraphy, Encllßh
branches, civil, electrical and mlnln- end-
m-erliiK. etc. ; new sO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT li« unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils: l«*sons personally and by
mall. 30? Montgomery Bt.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market at., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs Ayres;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
ALL Ftudents but two taking full count!
this year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market at..
ENGINEERING school. civil. electrical, mining.
mech.. survey, assay, orchl.: Any and even.;
*vt. 1«64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE lessons by. expert bookkeeper; moat
practical method . 1234 Burh st.
LAW erhools 927 Market. S. P., and M Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 205 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or clars. Barker's Acodemy. i*27 Mission.
START rIKM and the end 1* In eight. PROF.
MERKI, violin, mand.. guitar. 10"» Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM Busi-
n»ss College. 205 Larkln at., opp. City Halt.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night: term* low. 1024 Mission. nr.Bth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHElTM*Emp!oyment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nc^. m Powell, near Butter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Acency-llflp furnished
free. 655 Clay st. . phone Davis-' HI.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and jVpanese Employment Offlee;
best help. 414 Vi OTarrell at.; t«l Eaat 426.
JAPAN E3E-CHINESK F.mp. Agency; all kinds
help. ,;iii OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel Grant St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; • pea until 9 p. m.
FIRST-CLAPS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also first-, lass Swedish cook; best refer-
ences; city or country. Miss H. CULLINAN.
3:3 Sutter Bt.; phone Main C5l.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de- I
sire* situation; hotel or boarding house; best ,
city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Putt— at.
SCOTCH cook. thoroughly understanding
Fronch and American cooking, having the
best of references, wishes situation. See J.
F. CROSETT 4 CO.. 316 Butter St.
A WOMAN cf 35. flve years private secretary to I
Engineer officer. U. B. army, and for past j
five to college president, desires position as
private n-cretary. or, -as companion to refined,
cultured woman: only flrst-cla*B position will
be considered; trip abroad especially desired. !
Address MISS EVANS, 1622 West Eleventh
et., Lt.a Angeles. C&l.
WANTED— Position as saleslady, assistant j
bookkfejHT or cashier; also peak German: '
experienced and will furnish references; sal- i
hi- $5: city or country. Box 1325. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class cook, first- 1
class ;naker. wishes situation, neat
li<.us«>k.?ei>er; good home; small wages. Apply
770 Harrison st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or to keep hou<»«?: good, plain
cook; wages $10 to $12 per month. Sl6 Ban-
seme St.. room 17.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes position:
la economical, guaranteed to suit boss and
employes; reference*. L. DAVIS, 4 Vallejo :
place.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes a position as so-
countant. typewriter and Spanish translator;
best of references given. H » 1330, Call Office.
YOUNG womaff seeks employment to care for
Invalid si. person or •M-'ond work. . Address
MRS H., Call branch offlce. 715 Larkln st.
COMPETENT Rlrl wishes situation a* cook and
general housework. Address box 1333. Call.
YOUNG Swedish lady would like plain sewing
at home. 425 Bush st.. room 11.
WANTED— By a young woman, work by day.
Address E. R.. 20S Drumm st.
YOUNG girl to assist In ll«ht housework or
take care of children. 237 Lexington aye.
WOMAN would like position to assist in light
housework. Call us Tehai St.. after 9a.m. ;
BOOKKEEPING, shorthand, typewriting. Eng- i
lish branches. 172SH Mission st. ; lessons:
given in return for Latin. sewing or meals.
COMPETENT in.m wishes gentlemen* wash-
ing and mending; suits cleaned and repaired.
24 Minna Bt.. rear house.
WANTED- Situation as working housekeeper
by a married woman, speaking Kngllsh nnd
German, with a child 1 year old. Call at 3030
Mission st.
REFINED young lady with aome experience
wishes a position In store; speaks German.
Box 353, Call raoe.
$100.f'00 T.O loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 room*; 25c to $1 60 night; $150 to $4
w*ek; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
Li-A^SiKlKlj -jdv«rtl«errgpt« «nd subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ms. Open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbvcrlptlons ha* been established at 1091 Va-
lencia Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
ENGINEER of long experience on stationary
engines and erecting pumi> plants want.- posi-
tion; flnst-class references. Address B. 8.,
Engineer, Martinez, »L
I SITUATION wanted: thoroughly understands
horses; also good driver and milker. Address '
JULIUS KIECKBUSCII. i""0 Union st,, cor-
ner Octavla.
YOUNG man desires steady office work with a
Wholesale or commission firm: willing to go
on trial lor a month at nominal wages. Ad-
dress box 1329. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, bandy with horses, tools
or ai< watchman, want* light Job; small wages
exi>ect»*d, but good home the main object ;
best of references. Address H. W.. :.•; j:it. _
YOUNG man wants work round a stable; used
to horsts; good groom and harness cleaner;
city . referred. Address L. 8., 523 Vallejo at.
INTELLIGENT young man. good worker,
:ii.ts a Job; huh wages no object. E. MAR-
TIN. 33 Steuart st^
WKLL recommended expert bookkeeper, with
knowledge of languages, wishes position;
good correspondent. Box 13-11, Call office
DISTRICTS or agencies for novelties or atapls
lines wanted by one competent to handle
mmc. Address boxM4l. Call office..
PASTRY cook and confectioner desires per-
manent position; 23 ' yearn of age; city or
country: flrst-class reference*. Box 1?36. Cull.
WANTED— Position In country printing office
In any capacity; can take entire charge: cor-
respondence solicited. Box 311. Call offlce.
UPHOLSTERER desires work in furniture '
Btore; small wages If steady. Box 327. Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn the candy mak-
ing business. Box 1337^ Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest man (Ger-
man) understanding drugs desires position an
! l>orter ln retail or wholesale drug store; is
» willing to start for low wages. Box 1316, Call.
YOUNG man, 20 years, wishes employment In
engine room or firing. Box 1318, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman:
understands the rare of horse*, cow*, garden
work; has porter experience and Is handy
with tools desires position. Box 1332, Call.
MAN ant. wife would like situation on ranch;
man as ranch hand, wife as cook. Call or
address H. EL, 474 Jessie st.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
hoise cleaning hy the day or other work
HENRY ANDERSEN, Hotel Plymouth, >C 2
Hush st. .-•■;.* ";:—.^ ..
EXPERIENCED collector wishes a steady po-
sit ion: will take accounts on commission. Box
1323. Call office.
YOUNG man of good address would like to
learn Rent's furnishing; salary no object; un-
exceptional references. Address box 1312, Call.
ALL around good man wants position of some
kind; Al references; grocery preferred. Box
1313. Call office.
j WANTED— Situation as first porter; under-
1 . stands steam heat. Box 1124. Call office.
EMPLOYSItNT WANTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED young man wl'hes posltfon In
grocery: position more of an object than sal-
ary; flrst-class references. Address box 1317,
Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by flrrt -class designer,
cutter and fitter on ladies' garments; best
references. Box 13^. Call office.
WANTED— By a typewriter, work to do at
home. Box 1308. Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
skins, piano*, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school
boy. GEN V.. 807 Polk at.
JAPANESE good cook wants place to do gen-
eral housework in family; wages $5 up a
week. Box 338. Call office.
BARBER— Middle-aged • strictly first class.
wishes position. Address 511 Eighth at., city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bt*. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GBORGK MATERLE German expert optician.
107lH Mnrk't St.. Sun Francisco: e-ani free
EXCHANGE.
CALIFORNIA property to exchange for same
In Portland. Or. E. M.. Call office. Oakland.
$3600— FINE new house; 7 rooms and bath;
modern lot; 50x150: 10 minutes' walk to local:
want a small ranch In bay counties. WM. P.
TODD. 1070.. Broadway. Oakland.
GOOD renting Oakland property /for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1709 Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LIST.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY.
$15—1 Hollls: 5 rooms and bath.
$25—1721 McAllister; 7 rooms and bath.
$15— 4C9 Stevenson; 4 rooms.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat: modern
Improremts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
ELEGANT flat; 6 room* and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLATS. 4 and 6 rooms each; rente $14 and
$14 W. 6 and 8 Dearborn St.. off Seventeenth,
near Valencia.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LOVELY lower flat: 6 rooms and bath; yard;
rent rea*. 3570 Seventeenth, near Ouerrero.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms at 1310 Larkln st
Apply 1318 Larkln •><
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kltch-
# ens each; first and second floors. 417% Third.
2-ROOM flat. 30 Hunt St.. off Third, between
Mission and Howard; reduced $8 50.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, piano*, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages. sent to any address ln the '
United States, postpaid, for $1 p«?r year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90:
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch ruga,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evening.
$300— 7-ROOM flat' and bath: new furniture and
carpets; rent $20. 772 Stevenson, off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture On.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTFD-IMOO carpets, furniture, etc. : highest
price raid; rrtnl. M. Silverstein 1121 Market.
FUKKIKKS, I'UKS. I TC
ELECTRIC i»eal capes. A"*rakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE. Mr. Ken my. ton floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS— and gents everywhere make
money by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields In the Philippines; Just the thing for
Xmas present. Call or address P. E. LAMAR,
21 First st . San Franclaco. Cal.
SALESMEN to sell the retail drug trade. P.
C. M. A . . 76 Flood building, after 4 o'clock.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CO TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes to-
night. Wedmfday. at 6:30 o'clock.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant IS3
WANTS TO-DAY. 3 P. M
Neat lady clerks for first-class candy store;
no exptrlence needed; J7 a week to start; see
proprietor here.
Also experienced
chocolate dippers; best of wages. Apply to
C. R. HANSEN a CO.. KM Geary St.
4 WAITRESSES for south, $20 and fare: 2 arm
waitresses'. Kern Co., $20 and fare: waitress.
Auburn. $20 and fare: waitress. Bakersfleld,
J2O and faro; chambermaid and wait. Port
Costa, $20; hotel waitress, city. $20; chamber- j
maid ana wait, city, $20; 10 restaurant wait-
resses, city. $7, $6. $5 a Week; restaurant wait- '
ress, city. $25. must be a neat girl; Swedish
house c,rl fcr Modesto. $30 and fare. C. R.
HANSEN _: CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— Scandinavian cook, plain wash. $30:
ladle** maid and -tress. $25; second girl.
$25; Gorman second girl. $25; Scandinavian
•second girl, $20; French nurse and second
wot).. «:.. 4 cooks, German style. $30; wait-
resses for city and country hotels and restau-
rants. $20. $5 and $6 a Week; a great many
girls for housework in city and country. $20.
$25 an<l $3<>; lroner for small country laundry.
$25; 2.'. young girls for housework, $15. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED A first-class waitress, one who can
attend to the buying and taking charge of
running the house; $30; reference position.
&c* J. CK4JBI-AT & CO.. 316 Sutter at.
WANTED— American governess for 3 children:
must teach music; country; wages $20 and
found. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st^
SECOND girl. Sausallto. $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN. B8 Butter Bt. "
HOUSEKEEPER. $1".; country: see party here
at 11. MISS CULLEN, 325 Batter st.
NEAT second girl. $20: see lady here at 9; eai«y
place. MIS- CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish laundress,
$30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurseglrl, 2 children. $20. MISS
CULLEW. 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $2.1; 2 second girl*. $23 and $20;
waitress, country. $20; 6 cooks, $25 each; 10
• house girls. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
GERMAN or Swedish cirl. housework. $20. 2
in family; boarding hous* cook. $25. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
ANY lady having 2 or 3 hour*' spare time a
day can make $.". weekly working for us at
home; nothing to sell: send self-addressed en-
velope for free sample. MANHATTAN E.
M. CO.. 11 Herman st., N. Y.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
wage* $20. Point Lob-is and Fifteenth ayes.,
1:1. District
WANTED— Neat young girl to do light house-
work at once. 2241& Sutter st.
GIRL to assist In light housework, $6 to $S;
■leap home. Ell Golden Gate aye.
GIRL to assist In housework; no washing. 112
Second st. , ■■'■■, ■■
GIRL for second work and assist with children.
1034 Mission St.; 9 to 12 a, m.
TAILOREBBEB wanted on custom coats. 915H
Sutter Bt. '..V .'.
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and take
care of child. 755 Eddy st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; good cook: $25. 2346 Jones St.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde at. ■ -
GOOD_ waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Woman to wash dishes. 5 Polk st.
WANTED— Good waitress; restaurant. 7 Tay-
lor St.; $6 per week.
! GIRL for downstairs work and cooking; wages
$20. Apply 740 Castro st.
GIRL to assist light housework and wait on
table. Restaurant, 331 Bay St.. near Mason.
GIRL wanted to assist ln housework and car*
for baby. 1632 McAllister Bt. - ■ •
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework.
116 Colllngwood at., bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
' teenth.
GERMAN girl: general housework. Apply 9
to 12 a. m.. 414 Van Ness aye.
TAILORS wanted; custom coats. 533 Natoma
meet.
NEAT German girl to do housework; age 16 to
18; call I to 12; wages $7. 328 Sixth st.
1 WANTED— Young lady to assist with children.
2912 Clay st.
YOUNG woman for light housework and make
herself useful. 718 Franklin st.
GERMAN cook Immediately. 113 Turk St.;
restaurant.
$10-\OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
| skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co. 130« Stockton, nr. Broadway-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened 1
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call adverleements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
"J 21 ' 1 * WANTED— MALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
night. Wednesday, at 6:30 o'clock.
C 'J t- HAN.SKN &CO 104 GEARY ST.
10 stonemasons, rubble work for coast rail-
road. $3 50 a day and free fare; also team-
sters. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gwtry st.
20 FARMERS* for orchard work. $20 and found
see boss here; 6 miners for placer mine $2 50
a day: single-hand miner. $2 50 a day; farmer
and wife. $40. C. R. HAN SEN A CO.. 104
Geary st.
NEAT young barkeeper. $40 and board; cook
and helper, country hotel. -$40 and $20 see
boss here: second cook, $60. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY ft READY PHONE MAIN 5848
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
BIG WAGES COMPANY WORK
10 laborers, no experience required, near city
$00 to $71)
MECHANICAL HELP ..'.'.'.'.'.
locomotive engineer $3 d a y
wheelwright, city shop ". 152
blacksmiths' helper 145
WE SHIP TO-DAY .....TI.
fare paid for 23 laborers, no experience neces-
sary, for the sawmills and woods. $20 to $40.
and we pay fares
young man for coal yard $? to $9 week
painter's helper, city $1 25 day
woodchoppers. Napa. Yolo and San Benlto
counties, $1 25 and $1 50 cord
tlemakers 9c to lie each
TO THE MINES
man and wife, woman to cook, man to do
chores, mining boarding house. $40; G»rman
farmer and wife, see boss here
6 more laborers, city work $2 day
4 drillers r $$4
Plate roofers stablemen
23 farm, orchard and vineyard hands; dairy- I
man, run separator, $30 and found; chore
boys; boys to learn trades.
MURRAY * READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— German and wife for vineyard, $J0
and found; choreman for ranch, $20; miner,
$2 M day; assistant nurseryman, $25; stable- 1
man for country. $25; cooks; blacksmiths' ■
helper; pruner, $1 day and board; cooks wait-
ers .dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 628 Sacramento at.
GERMAN couple; ranch work; see party here;
$40. MISS CULLEN. 375 Sutter at.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the I
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be !
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. In con-
nection fine sitting room, for unemployed bar.
bera; letters referring to shops for sale; must
contain full particulars and stamped envelop*
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone
Kouth 51. WM. HABERECHT. manager. 1205
Market St.. corner of Eighth, formerly of the
Revere. Eureka, Humboldt Co., and Vallejo.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. 11. Bernard, sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151
WANTED— Toung man who has worked In a
printing office; give reference and wages ex-
pected. Box 1235, call office.
WANTED— A man who understands Spanish
and able to bottle soda; must go to country;
reference required. .Ml Broadway.
GOOD coatmaker to work Inside. M. EXERT,
121 Post at., third floor..
WANTED— young men; light employment;
will pay $3 to $5 a day. Room M. 916 Market.
STRONG boy willing to work. 212 O'Farrell
street.
GOOD young butcher with reference. Call at
Twenty ■eeond and Dolores »ts.
WANTED— Bootblack In barber shop. 2124 Fill-
more st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— TaiIor and coatmaker on custom
coats. 14 Harriet st.
WANTED— OId man at 30 Hannah St.. Oak-
land; Berkeley train.
BARBERS— S-chalr hotel barber shop ln the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold: rent $23. For particulars
call on H. BCHEUNERT, 927 Market st.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
toe. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and id sts.
YOUNG barber, some experience, to finish
trade. Box 1311. Call office.
BUCKER and Btrlpper for factory. 3249 Six-
teenth ft.
GOOD Industrial man for debit; good contract;
12:30-1:30. W. H. CHAPMAN. 611 Montgomery.
GOOD •HtniHker wanted. 520 Kearny at., room
1. first door.
j SMALL errand boy. 354 Geary st.
WANTED— boy to work ln drugstore;
thort hours. Box 326. Call.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d Bts.
WANTED— Reliable experienced porter for res-
taurant; must be well recommended. 11l Lar-
kin st.
GOOD Industrial man for debit: good contract;
8-9. 5-6. W. H. ( hitman. 511 Montgomery.
BARBERS— On account of sickness will sell
my shop cheap. 427 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
CAPE NOME. ALASKA. — — —
Persons desiring to secure passage on a first-
class early boat for Cape Nome and York at
reasonable, prices can do so by applying at
once. Address Committee, box 2454. Call.
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 150 largo
rooms; tic per night; $1 to $2 per week. .
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures en dermatology; Saturday wages;
n call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63S Clay at.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
I WANTED— IOO men to try our lie breakfast,
dinner or supper; beet In city. .406 McAllister
tt.. near Polk.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2.'.c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — man to drive butcher wagon,
take care of horses and help In shop. Call or
address 2503 Clay st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price*.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
.-■•■ SINGLE furnished rooms. Me, Hi and ■*.
per night. Llnlell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market, st. . below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
rorthwert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
A CARLOAD of good work horse*, one span
_ weighing 3600. 1751 Mission at.
FRESH young cow;. good milker. 204 Congo
at., sunny side. San Mateo cars.
FOR sale-Farm wagon, 1 work mule, 1 tingle
harnesa. 3644 Seventeenth st.
FOR sale— Thirty head of good horses, suitable
for all purposes: weight from 1200 to 1600.
f<~ Hermann st.. near Valencia. •
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday.
11 o'clock, st Ormonde Stable, 1617 Mission at.
8. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for Bale; also " wagon, buegtes.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
10 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at I*3l
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also rome fine matched black team*.
HOUSES LOm;i.\G FOR SALR^
$1900— €0-ROOM house; best location city near
' Market; all rented. BASILE, 3 Eddy at.
$2SO-12-ROOM house; half block from Market
at; central: fine furniture. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
$400—19 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping*
all rented: on Mission at., near Sixth. In-
■ quire at 951 Mission st.
HOWARD. 704. cor. Third— Nice house; 31
rooms; cheap; retiring from business.
:
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A-KREDO • CO -M' 4 Oeary st. j
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
9 rooms; all rented; rent only $30 $3."0
9 rooms: best on Third; clears $«0.. 175
14 rooms; good; must sell: make offer ...
II rooms; near Geary; clear* $.5 M>
15 rooms: transient; near Market 4.)
17 rooms; mostly office*; paying--- »•}♦>
23 rooms: well furnished: rent $*. 50 KO
40 rooms: best In city: clears J1M.... ...... 1.400
7-room flat; elegant; $37... KREDO m CO.
RH. WINSTON & CO.. UN Market st. ~"
IS rooms; rent $40: only TO S
23 rooms; north of Market........ «•
23 rooms; near Geary: clears $100 _■»
80 rooms; cheap rent; must sell 2,i>-*>
• HOUSES TO lkt.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; Bend for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO .^MT Market at.
HOUSES ! FVATn.
831 Jersey: 5 r...512 00 810 McAilisler;? r.$M »
110 Natoma: 8 r.. 15 <*> 501 Franklin; i r. 27 60
1235 SanrW: 5 r.. 12 5012616 Market: « r.. 13 50
BROADWAY. 190S-6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20. _____^^_
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN it HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery at.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; furnished. $35;
unfurnished $25. 1116 Leavenworth st.
ONLY $20—10 rooms and bath, closets, hot and
cold water, etc.; In excellent order. 62 Te-
hama st., near Second.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal-
skins, pianos. gun« Uncle Harris. 1' Grant ay.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
$35— BAY-WINDOW .use. with furniture; <
rooms and bath; 2«09 Pine st. Apply to E.
ROBINET. room 6. 4U'4 California at.
/ LOST AND FOUND.
DARK-BROWN apanlel. Return t0,?«5 Folsom
st.; reward
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTKTH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. $42 Post St.. between Hyde
and Larkln; hours, 10 to 6. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible car*.
MRS. DR. OWTER. 810 Eddy at.. l»et. Hyde
and I_u-kin. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny room*;
' best of care; nice garden: medicated steam '
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine *781: res 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 year*:
call on physician with man's knowledge; $0.
cure sent: private home In confinement 311
Kearny st. ; consultation free; guaranteed.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market st ; hours. 19
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; at residence, 223 Van Ness
aye., hours 5 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treat-
ment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market st.; hours. 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; at residence 223 Van Ness
aye., hours 5 to 9 p. m., guaranteed; $5.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment »•">.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1123 Mar-
ket at., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hour* 9a. m. to sp. —
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 .Market
at.; every case guaranteed: $.". up.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. I"::?'-, Market St.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dia-
ease* of the human bo.lv 115 Maann »t.
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
WANTED— 3 or 4 parties with small capital to
Join In a gravel mining enterprise. in which
there is Immense profit; a amall Investment
will yield lane* returns for many years. W.
F. ARAM. Mills bulldlnr
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hasd machinery. Mc-
INTOBH St WOLPMAN, 195-IS7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bam. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures, new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-IQ2I-1C23 Mission
at., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 10«3 Mission st.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you g.i to the right store,
721 Market St.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being ln
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
FOR sale— A modern eighth medium challenge
Gordon press, practically new. Address box
1334. Call office.
A FINE 6-ounce coin silver American watch for
$S; cost $20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
FOR sale— A pipe-cutting machine, cheap. Ap-
ply at 1335H Stevenson St., near Thirteenth.
TWO fresh family thoroughbred Jersey cows,
second calf. 1714 Linden St., Oakland.
SAFES — and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market at.. 8. F.. Cal. I
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. 8. R.
CHURCH. 307 t-ansome st.; tel. Main 60M.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotive*. |
110 car* and all machinery used op Eureka ■
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont. •
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to |
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIOALt'PI.
933 Market St., San Franctsco.
NEW Klondike outfit; one-third cost: also 70- |
year-old violin: cheap. Box 361. Call o.'llee.
CREAM of Irish setter blood: price* reason-
fllite.-Clenmor^K«»niW«, 8041 Lhxten. Oakland.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. .is Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers, lathes,
Iron A wood: 2d hand. J. BURKE. 11l Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists. or Dog Hospital. 510 OolJen Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento it.
BARS, counters, shelving. showcases bought and !
sold EIHF.N. UK Mission: tel Jessie 11*3
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand embroidery machine
for country. Apply or address 125H Oak st.
WANTED-Lady'a rolling Invalid's chair In Al >
condition. Address H. LEHMPUHL, 418
Mississippi st.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. 611
I'nlon st.
WANTED— To hire 100 f.rst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE Elmhuret.
LADIES' and -children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold J. Sllvermnn. ''SI Fo!*om. nr. «th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole: If you
•we a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and can-}* the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; si** us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call CS-69 Donohoe b1.1g.. 1170 Market at.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else- I
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition: any amount; C per cent; firs/,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, -legacies, life Insurance; chattel ;
mortgages, confidential: advice free. G. E.
«'l BEN. room IS. flrst floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 117 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
to $100,OUO: 6 per cent; Ist. M or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interest* In
estate*, legacies and mortgagee bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 63$ Markt.
HIGHLY respectable , private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 046 Market
St.: tel Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, Ist or '.'nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 2C Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HEBTHAI 10 Sixth'
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.'
ANY amount by private party on furniture anil
piano*: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at."
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or. In-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency, 143 rhelan big.
MONEY TO LOAN. 1
AT 128 K._rny, room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, jii.
monda. etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
$9000 TO loan on furniture and piano* at 3 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. IKS Market at.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries-
rent*. KLOTH. 220 California at., room 7.
$50 TO $50.C00 : lowest rate*; Ist and 2.1 mortgi •
any proposition. DRYDE}J. 413 Montgomery!
ON furniture. pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK.. 116 McAllister at.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money n<;- H. MURPHY. *'■ Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinwar
within three years and have full purcha.«4
price allowed. A- are selling new upright
pianos for $*! per month, and some gon«l
piano, for $J. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. Han Franelaco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago I* KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible lone to 1 ease and satisfy th«
customer.
KN'ABE planes: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 QFarrell st.
FACTORY prices for new pianos until Ist of
January; easy terms; Btetnway upright. Chase
Bros.. Hardman. Decker and several other
slightly used pianos will be closed nut at
ones to make room for new stock. THE J.
DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood building.
Fourth and Market sts.
$100 WILL buy a nice little upright at MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
COME and see us if you want bargains price*
low; term* eaay. MAUVAIS. 7O Market St.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead every-
where; they are "best of th* best." Sold only
at MAUVAIS'. -Vj Market at.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $1. $4. $4. $4 per month.
I Chlckerlngs. 2 Stetnwnvs. 1 Vnae A Son* and
fifty other allghtly used high and medium
grade pianos: apeclal discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. U< Kill* at.
CLOSING out « tot of second-hand pianos on
storage at auction prices; cheap for exsb.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17D Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sale*.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
SQUARE piano for tale. 913 Hampshire it.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 101» Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary •_,
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento it., age- for
Francis Bacon and Ilallett A Davis piano*.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
303 Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 21« McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister at., next Hibernla Bank.
BOHMER Byron Mausy and other pianos, lot
Post st/
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new H.
M'T.I.I maker re;. —•• 2 Latham plae».
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
ELEGANT larg* store; 4 "-- rooms In rear;
large dry basement; suitable for any business.
993 Valencia St.. under Hotel Dennlston. cor-
ner Twenty-first: business center of Mission.
PACIFIC. 174 and 328—2 handsome large stores
to let; very cheap.
EMMA HPRECKELH building, 927 Market at.—
Light, funny r,fn>e!«. tl? M to t?» per month
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home, engagements by
phone Lnrkln 10« MRS. I.
TEUSONALS.
WANTED— Baby for adoption; write before
confinement, which must he in few days or
week. Address box 313. Call office.
MANILA French laundry: cleaning. dyeing;
curtails. 35c up; avoid holiday rush. 542 Geary.
WEAK eye*, cold In the eyes poor eight. In-
flamed 1; '•«. etc.. can b« cured permanently by
MRS. BONES' Celebrated Eye Halve. Hi
Natoma at.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica. the fluent of all hair
tonics, refreshes and renews the hair; 354
bottle. Used and sold at 121 Stockton tt.
LEDERER Is Introducing • mo new hair style*,
lust Imported direct frrm Paris. 23c: dolls*
hair dressed, too: manicuring. 25c; he uses
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
SITTINGS free for bust, cabinet photos; no
charge unless suited; adults only. Every
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday of this
month at 46 ' Terrell and ':• Stockton sts.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. AM.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
JOHN L. BOONe! Pal . Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
. No. 4 Sutter sL. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Forelga
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ARTISTIC halrdressing. 25c; shampooing. 23c;
halrdresslng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors, 1024 Market st.. over Wonder.
ELEOA:."- remnants for suits. $10 75; pants.
$3 75, or overcoats. $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market'st.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 M to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wig*: country orders so-
lldted. GOLDSTEIN A CO . 733 Market st.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. JeweJry,
— clothing, *t^r^tf>r amount l^nnivi and Infr-
eat. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 23 Mason.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ONLY store that burs old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMANS. 50« Kearny.
BEST price for cast thing and bct--_.
brae. H. MARKS X Third St.; send postal.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and gth.
DR. L. B. WOOD: dental work In all branch»»
examination free. 719 Market St.. rms. 2 A I
PAINTING and paperhanglng; rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN a BATH. 308 Sixth st.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verlta
parlors to 1140 Market at.; phone Folsom 41*.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. ZZ3 Kearny St.. flrst floor, rooms 2-3.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; bocks bought,
sold, exchanged. £25 Dupont St., Dear Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china deo-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sanaome at.
LACHMAN & CO.. ml of fin* furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny sv
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: . -ant.l Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine. ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason!
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents.The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC M PPl.ll
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our laity
catalogue free. cc a | Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PatOP-BRTI WAITED.
WANTED-To rent, small chicken ranch low
rent. Iruttvale cr Piedmont. Box 314. Call.
HKAL ESTATE CITY— FOR BAtM.
FIVE HUNDARD DOLLAR! AM- rpwARD
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently BUbdlvlded. bounded by II and I
"I."' .f- 1 *" 1 -* 1 "'" ••»"<! Nlnteenth ares' right on
the ark and the new Nlnteenth-ave. boule-
vard: a number of lots already sold; balance
bosjad to »ell quickly; fine Investments; good
building lots; all ready; lots graded: streets
graded, macadamized; water n. r laid
PRICES KM UPWARD OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purpose*; elec-
tric cars pass the property: sets this block st
once; go to our branch office to-day, corner II
st. and Ninth aye.. price lists, etc.. there or at
our office.
BALDWIN A II '• ILL
10 Montgomery street.
$3000— SNAP— Ooutslde Land block, near Uv»
beach. Particular* of, McEWEN BROS.. -»
Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Modern residence. ISO* Leaven-
worth St.. bet. Pine and California: between
2 car lines; contains 8 sunny rooms, bath and
basement: all the latest Improvements: partly
furnished; no reasonable offer —fused: good
investment Inquire i >*; Leavenworth st.
$3400— MODERN J-room cottage on bltumlnlxed
street; lot 25x130; also a large 7 room nous*
on Pierce st . near Halght; houses built to
suit purchaser: easy terms. Inquire on prem-
_jy- F. NELSON, builder.
HOURE for sale, cheap, M Bryant St.. be-
tween Main and Spear.
NEW 2-story houses ; 7 rooms; Noe and Hill
■ts., near Castro st. can; cacap. .REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CHEAP LOTS.
SPECULATORS' SNAP.
■ REDUCED FROM |I.tEO
i ''. I<r4 bnrk morttape can remain; I lots
3 • U-rl fro::; a l»rc«* business street at
1:3;.' price asked lor any lot la ne.ghbor-
St,ooo— liaikht ft., near I'ark Panhandle: will
ex< h&nge .'or lmi roved property and psy
dlS'tiv&cc In ca*Si.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
f2,.'u9— A 3-story brick building Ot » rooms and .
rrar house; rents is<<; lot V \Ti, near j
l-\r>i uiij Howard «».
JTCK) cr..V; rvnts U7; IICO9 can remain
1 i:.l; mi urn* l *; 4 flats of 3 rooms; lot
i'.'*T;. ie>-l.
NKW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
fv.ovw.i ■:. r t . r.^ar Pom; 2 elegant modern
f.T.s. € e:j 1 » rooms and bath: n.nta
$».
tS,frV^-]':ne nt . near Scott; 1 elegant modern
i, C urd 7 rooms and bath; rents
r:: ' V
t:,ono cn»h. balance mortgasre -an remain or
pa) on in».ta.!!?nents: interest * per cent;
: Recast njm2«-:ti r.ats of S and ( rooms
end lath; MHST PELL AT ONCB; ANY
• ll'lZll SUBMITTED.
MISSION FLATS.
I V W cs*h. baJarc* can remain bank raort-
pc» of 1*300: half block north of Mir-
k< t *t. ; 2 nlca fiats of I. snd i rooms »r.i! !
'>atn; en r.i<-e Mtureenlie.l street: lot 2Tx :
lv alone wi.r.h entlrv trice asked.
|4.SS*-4 fiats of S and • rooms: rents 144 M; lot
iSa.S; near TweUth and FoUotu sis.
MISSION HOMES.
ll.lJ'^-nri TwenUeth at.; nice •-re of E
rooms; lot • rttt.
ttC9fr-Near Bever.t»*nth and Market sts. : beau-
tuul new modern huuse of < ro.-rr.s and
bath and basement; every mt-dern con-
venience.
PRE6IDIO HEIGHT? RJ^SIDENCE-AT
A SACRIFICE.
»T.»O. REDUCED FROM IS.SOO !
New and elecant modern rmidVnoe of |
12 rooms and bath and basement: billiard
rt< >m, etc : every modern convenience;
Kiarlne view.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
CM Market at.
A. M. BFBCK A. CO.. 6CT Market st.
tl.O>>-Lot sear Mission and 3d sts.: l*-foot
front.
H.StsV-4 Cats n«»ar well and Clay; rents f.t
rood building.
!2.0 | V)— S fiats: rents UP; a<iwrj town.
fJ.CKW— CO-Toot front: improved North Beach
property, near Ma»on st.
Jt.lO ( >— 2 elegant f.ata; gutter st., rer.ts Hi 10;
lot ITxIM feot.
$4.S(»— « fiata n«j Cth and Mission: rests J46;
*a«it otSkr.
ti.ooo-j flata; California st. . rents J4i.
tS.»X>— Pr*t *t; S nata; rents %V); bargain.
I7.6iift-Nf.ar Powell and Hush; 3 new flute;
rrr.ts abmt fSO.
tia.'HA— FtoU at., rear Athbury: 3 fine flats- '
rcr.ts JSS.
fl2.f. H.v- Store and Cats; a«ar Market and Tay-
lor; trt-foc* front; rrr.ra $100.
tl3.U«>-Geary st near Mason; ftore and lodg-
Jr.«-h'.uce.
114. C.JO— Buth st.. near Mason; new Cats- rents
r.o.
*2S.«w_»t r 4th and Jessie; ■.'.-«: !
lTijirovement*.
U7.Uo— Store and T6 rooms above; modem;
i-«r Eddy and Jones: pays 7 per cent net.
B2t,4M— Ueary ft.. d->nr. town and modern Ita-
; -' ven;<r.t»: rr:its n»-aiiy $1100.
tsr. <>'■•— I'own town; m..J^rn brick structure;
c*r\ |43a<M4: r.its € per cent
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 6C7 Market St.. opposite I
. K«aray.
C S CAPP & CO.] ~
IiEAL ESTATE AOENTB AND RENT COL-
LECTORS.
NO. 63U MARKKT ST.
OFFER FOB SALE.
FINK LOT, suany sldr? McAllister ft., be-
t«^er; Fillmore and Kteiner; 4'x!37:€: suitable
for r»-»i lerice ard rarden; good neighborhood- !
cars handy; »-he«p.
MISSION ST.*. w. side. t^t. Peventefnth and ]
nij.hte«-uih. 1-atotT, hajr-wlndow, 7 rocms and
balb: sircady I't-^r.ess property.
FOURTEENTH .. Let. Mission and How-
orJ: <>'.J-f-rtHi)!lß}:ea grocer}', with rooms and 1
f.it above; cheap.
LTON 5T.. b.t. Bush ana P:ne; fine 1-story
resiaer.ee; 7 mini and bath.
HIOHTH AYE . b<«t. Point Lobos «nj Clem-
ent : earn to Park and Cliff H"u»<» r-in».
GtTERRERO .FT., bet. Thirteenth and Four-
tefrth; <Sx7S: «:tMs one and a half blocks of
M»rh»t rt.. either w«y.
TWENTY vi.i-a; houses tr lota at the Mis-
Slon.
fl0>" CAPn. BALANCE K9 PER *TOVTH—
Two new ft-room houses. Just completed;
l^srcelaln bath-tub, dome cel'.Jns. brick
rassdaUoa, first-class plumbing, modern
In ev«ry reaj^ct: west aide of Castro
street. l)ftw(-rn Twenty-eighth and Valley,
oa* block from Miraion nnd Twinty-nl:;th I
rtreet cirs: !nsr*<"t these houses to-4ay.
RIVERS DltitS . 227 Montgomery et.
J'.O PHH MONTH m-lthout Interest— Fine
bu'.M'.Rc lot* on Castro, Diamond. Twecty-
debth at.a Valley rts.
IiIVERS BROS., 527 Montgomery st.
S 1 FOR n»w houne of 5 rooms and lot r^xi'V).
la I *I.UnJ: terns ZZV) cash, bslance J» per
m r.t It lot end h'>ure cost $1200. Inquire WM.
UJENDRICKBON & CO.. CM Ca'.l bunldlng.
JF you hsve lMs north cf Golden Oste Park.
r.-en cf rirst mv*.. and you wlrh to sell them.
rsll en W. J. OtTNN. 410 Montgomery fit
I^O^LOT ?:xl^: east l'.ne 10th aye.. 275 south I
H st. F. KARLEY.
1 .
A WEEK'S* t.ews fnr S rents— The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wru-pr. fn T mai:'.ng. Jl per year.
ni.tl ESTATi: — COLXTRY — For »»le
A~UA RE~C1 1 A NCE.
Johamltberg Pprlngs. the famoaa summer re- |
I- : : and vineyards. Napa Cuunty. all fur-
nished *Td tqulji;>ed for business; has full ,
1jou«<«? e\«»ry M*soa and rays owner over 20 |
per cent on lnv«-*tment: must be 'id at
tenr.s to *ult. or rented at onco on account of
••■ Imwedlste dernrture of owner to Euroj>e.
r<r photrgrapliS and particulars Inquire of
A. M. B PECK & CO.. fC7 Market st.
AN Immense list for sale and exchange.
II acre*; nicely Improved; Income fruit and
r"u;!ry ranch; adjoining Bun 01, Alameda Coun- '
ty; j:co.
:IJ ncr«s level and gently roll!nr loam; com-
jlete act t.uildlncs; « acres orchard, etc.: lIC9O.
10 to 2'io acres; subdUiflon sale of best lo-
cated and richest, highly cultivated valley 1
loam: near Nspa: only W acre; worth 1100.
FJOKHLS. THE LAND AGENT. CS Market at
IW ACTtES choice orchard or vineyard land; j
near Pt-< kton. Pan Joaquln Co.. Cal. Address
_ bcK 1221. _Call_of flc*.
H ACRHB of" choice fruit or early vegetable"
land. Fcr particulars addrvss P. O. box 137. I
VacavOle.
TO rent— "Rartrm Ranch." M acres, near Oalt-
Isnfl; 14 fruit. 9CI Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for t cents. The Weekly Call.
it 1 axes. In <rrspt*r. for mailing. V p»r yea
HIM ESTATE TO EXCIIAXGE.
C<OU praln ar.a %-lneyard ranch of l«0 acres to 1
for grxA Income city property: value
1*000; «1| pnrtlculnm at lnter\-lew. Address '
t<>« K'7. <- a ;i .jfflce. '
lIOO3JS FOR -1. l".l. »■!%«..
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlM'inrnts and *utscrl].ttons has been opened
at IZ3 Pulk »t.; cp»n until S ■ m.
CLAY. ICI. near Fillaicr»-2 large unfurnished
m.per rooms; yard: water; rear: rent J7.
CLAKFIFIKD sdvrrtUrments and s<ibiwrlpt!oni
received st Call branrh offlce. 22CX. F:!lmore st.
EIjPT. 804— 8 «ur,ny fumiahed rooms complete
for housekeeping.
EIGIiTIi. Un, near MsrVM-One or two sunny
front rr>onis. with rerular kitcht-n. furnlsbed
for hwstjut-pSnc: bath; private family.
. HOWARD. l(H-.R-SunTiy furslthed hcusekeeping
iracms; rent :>:.>: .■■! :.. ■ *Ed house- I
HOWARD. 13T4— Sunny* well furnished house-
kfej.lnc rooms; r'>od location.
JF.FSIE. «S— Newly fumiahed rooms for h us"
keepinjt: also single rooms; reasonable.
LAHKIN. 22*-Clean «unny tvvj »,*,., r , lnK a, part .
tr.^nts: tl* to Xi tier month; central.
MISSION. Ills— Newly furnished room; house-
.keeplng and others.
. WISSION. lOl'^-I^rire front room for house"-
1... j'U.g; 12 per week.
STOCKTON, CXI. nr. California— Floor* of ; un-
Tunjlshed ana t Unre furn. rooms; garden.
"VAN NESS aye.. 402— Nicely furnished room
■ '■ with or without board: reasonable.
t3on.«y> TO loan nn diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
rklns, j.ihnus. guns. Unc> Harris, li Qrar.t ay.
A BRATtcn nfflce for Call advertisements and
rubftcriptlcns hs* b^en established «i th« I
nennwrst corner nf Twenty-fecond and Ken-
- ; tu^ky rtrerts. Open until * p. ta.
, '; . si PRAXCH offir* for Ca'i *dvertl«einentii and
fLI : ;.; -_'.;.t till beeo ftUii'.liid at . m . a- ,
.•..lt*cl» tt. . •
ROOM! TO I.XT — Fnrn. and I nfnrn.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and mbscriptions has been opened
_«t_1223 Polk st.: open until {• p. m.
A.— BRUNSWICK BOUSE. 141 -Rooms
»c to Jl per night; II 25 to (5 p*r week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts —
Hftr.ellke house; modern eervlce; elevator.
bath: rooms Uc to tl 60 day. MRS. J. Kl'
A— "KP\vonTH"-Ciean: respectable: tl 25 to
ii per week; housekeeping. 10374 Market st.
A— ••WALDORF." 309 Powell— Front suites and
«lagle rooms, with or without board.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nifhed rms., mites?, single; also unfurnished.
CAIIP.OLTON. 11% Market, cor. Golden Gat»
*»'• — Sur.ny ccrr.rr: well turn: rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advert itetr.ent* ar.d subscriptions
__reccJved at Call branch off.fe. 2:CO Fiilmore at.
FHLL. US— Bunnr sing:*. $«: 2 double. JS and
tl'.': new fur: itu^e; running water.
FOURTH. 1224— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
wlndow ar.d Mngle rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newjiort)— Nice sunny bay-
wir.dow ro^ni fcr 2 young men; u.l»i hGugekpg.
FULTON. 222—2 pleasant Funny front rooms.
IS ar.d $12 i-er month; use of parlor; gentlemn.
GF.AIIT. rr.fi— Sunny suite of rooms; privilege
light housekeeping; other rocms; baths;
r>fcc:ie.
GILLESPIE. ll* Ninth— Well-furnished rooms;
1 rors->ri. $1 50 v.e.k: 2 pers.. J! 75: respectable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1T.29— 3 unfurnished
nxjrr.*; bath. i>ar.try; Jl3.
<"T\ND SOUTHERN— Southeast ccr. Pevtnth
and Mission its.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
flr.Rle: lafl'.e?" pnrlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT av#.. tS— Nice sunny, well furnished
rooir.s; resscnable; transl« r.t.
QUANT aye.. 217— Elegar.tiy furnished rooms,
en suite, double and single.
HANCOCK Hcure. 7SI Mission— Select family
Ntf.mir.K hou«*; !l '■> t ■ :•• per week.
MASON, 213U— Nicety furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable: quiet and homelike.
MCALLISTER. 4CS-J sunny, nicely furnished
rooms; suitable for man and wife or gentle-
mar..
HOWARD, 'lb— ?M> funny rooms; nicely fur-
r.l»hed: every- convenience: eU-ctrte ilshts.
HOWARD. hCS-Clean. respectable. 21-c to II per
n'.ght: from Jl (jer week to I"., Howard-st ear
to the doer.
JONES, lit— Front runny newly furr.'.fhed
tulte. J2O; other rooma. 1:2 anJ « IS ; ga», bath.
McAI.MSTER. 7C24— 3 nice rooms for hous«-
krertnt: also single ar.d suites; bath: gas.
V.'.NNA. MT. comer »::ichln— N»wly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week: transient.
NEW Arlington. 10U. Market— Nlc»ly furnUhed;
Uc day up; 12 week up: transient.
O'FAHRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lichts: day. »k.. mo.
OTAHRKLL. ttS— Well-furnished front rewms;
large; suitable doctor or dentist; run. water.
O'FARREKL. 1027— Front and back parlors;
front parlor handsomely furnished; back r»r-
I»r partly furn ; will furn. to su!t: other rms.
POLK. ICo2— Roosr.a. furnished or unfurnished:
upper fl">cr.
POWKLL, 1:7. bet. Geary and Post— Nicely
furnished rooms; gentlemen only.
ROSEDALE. B*l Ellis, nr. Taylor-100 rooms;
:t.c a night; Jl a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 12* Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room. Fin. king-room and ladles'
par'- r: rc-oms. per night. S'.c I > tl 50; week. $2
»» M; month. I* to 130; elevator^ <>n office floor;
rr>on~.s with hot. ccld »ater: baths.
SEVENTH. 1« (Glrard House)— l handsome
sunny corner rooms .15 offices.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 25 Klchth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH". 2«l— Nicely furnished room suitable
for lady: private family: $5.
STKINER. 313. near HaUht— Pleasant room;
chear-
BUTTER. 7fS— Office of lats Dr. Robertson; aJs-)
ether sur.ny. handsome rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A pood rooming house
for irood people. It. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TI'RK. 2< — Crtmfnrtubly fumfshed sumy rms.;
reasonable: also llßht housekeeping rooms.
A BRANCH offi.»e for Call sdvertls-.ments and
fubscriptiens has been established at 'he
ficrthwest corner nt Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A HRANCH offlce for •all ndvertlseir.ents *'»d
futiserirtlors has been established at lON Vi
lentin «t.
ROOMS \VA.\TED.
WaVTKD— Nicely furnished slnde room by
ytmnc iran; rtr.t* particulars. Hox 325. Call.
M \mm. machines ISO si 1 IKS.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
r-.achine supplies. 143 Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds b«usht. sold, exchanged, rented: re-
petrlnc at '.owest mt»s. TV Fourth st.
storage: axd warehouses.
CALA. Storsge Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: poods guaranteed; tel. Clay 2a.
PXRRCE*RODOLPH Storage and Mwlnj Co.
Orf.ce. 431 Poet ?t.. oor. Powell: tel. Main 1713.
WATCH HKPAIRI.NG.
WATCHES cleaned 7Bc; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
A LAMBDA ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: rrlvate. MRS. PR FT N't- ': 1416 '•-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ri:u. estate.
t ELEGANT 9-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.; Just completed; porcelain
Lath; finished In natural wi A. nil modern
conveniences; sunny froawge; terms If de-
.irad. M. L. WURTS. 17th & D'way. Oakland.
COZ/T crttnges with modern Improvements; in
etoJlments same as tent, from JS M) upward.
BENNETT. 2113 Stanford pi , Rerkeley sta'n.
CHnAPEPT and beat In Amerlca^The Weekly
Ch.ll. It pages, sent to an'- address In the
United Ptntes. postpaid, for $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I77S— MUST be sold; a 4-room cottage, with
basement; good yard; healthy location; con-
venient to cars; rented for IT per month. Ad-
greas box 1013. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAXD FURXITURE FOR HALE.
AN lntrodurtkn to you trtn H. Rhellhaas. the
furniture dealer, lltli «nd Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL al)\khti«!l;mi;ms.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. Bute of California.— In the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company a
corporation, upou ii» application for a Judg-
ment Of dissolution.— Notlc* No. 70,422.
Notice Is hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganised and existing under and by virtue of
the laws ef the State of California, and hav-
ing Its office and place of business in the city
and county of San Franciaco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California
which application Is signed by a majority of
the lioaxd uf Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22nd. IS**, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. at the courtroom of ssld court. De»
pcrtment Number Two, in the City Hall of
' the City and County of San Francisco, have
been appointed as the day. time and place for
the bearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this loth day of November, 189*
(Stall WM. A. DEANE. Clerk. '
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. i*:^ WM.
A DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH UIORDAN,
Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies. 3< New
Montgomery st . San Francisco. Cal.. No-
vember IS. Is3!»— Sealed i>rnp.*als in tripli-
cate Will be received here until 11 o'clock
a m.. November 2>. IM9. and then opened,
for furnishing hatchets, shovels, ax. pickax,
and hatchet helves, mosquito head nets and
tint pins. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and quality being
equal < including In the price of foreign pro-
duction* the duty thereon) and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Paclfio
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals gr any part there-
of. Proposals for delivery st other pilnts will
l»i entertained. Information and blank pro-
poeals furnished on application. Envelopes
will be Indented "Prooofals for Military Sup-
nll*». No. 743?." and addressed CAPTAIN
OSCAII F. LONG, Afslsuvnl Quartermaster,
VoJUd etajtej Attsr. ptJ«t .Qqb-terrn&ster.
HIE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1899.
SPECIAL >OTICES.
GOOD letters are effective; letters skillfully
composed; stylishly executed: type or pen
written; moderate fees; no publicity, C O'Far-
rell st.. room 17.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
MASSAGE, vapor, electric baths. PROF. W.
RIEUL. 106 Eddy, form, at Highland Springs.
BAD tenant* ejected for 34; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4' V •■: rn»ry »t.. rooms S-10; tel. 5520.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Leslie C Galbraith and Nellie Savage 28-25
Oevrge F. Heuer and Caddy M. Brennan.. .2l-21
Oeorge Follls and Marit Anderson 45-S6
Robert J. McDonald and Delia Harmon... . -."»
John F. Macee and Li«ie Williams 25-18
Henry Heintz and Minnie Beckmann 30-21
Aksel Soreneen and Henrietta A. Carlson. .29-19
Get.rpe Carle and Emma Huehle 37-32
William Benson and Mabel E. McCutcheon.43-18
G. W. O'Oonnell and Elizabeth Halden 31-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
B!rth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They mutt be handed
in at either of the uublicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the r..<- and residence of per-
son* authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HERIOT— In Oakland. November IS. 1599. to
the wife of H. H. Hark a son.
PHILLIPS— la mis city. November 20. 1599, to
the wife of Retort Phillips, a son.
MARRIED.
SCHULTZE— In Alamedo. Novem-
ber 16, 1639, by the Rev. J. II Bitchier. Au-
i.-ii!«t Schultze and Adelheid Tietjen.
. rAi,.\n;i:-!n this city. April U. IBM,
by t!.e Rev. IJr. John A. U. Wilson, Captain
CJeorje St-eley of Kan Krancl«co and S. Jen-
nie I'alr.it-r of Kayt Oakland.
DIED.
Badper. Capt. T. W. H nfan. Patrick B.
liurk*. .' m ; li Jer.sen. Agnetha H.
Belyea. Jaaues A. Luther, George K.
Bn ■• Captain Wm. Madden, John
Cochiane. John Bears, C. Alonzo
Devlin, Mary Steffens. Frieda A.
Haliinan, Mary E. Straus. Edgar J.
Hencken, Julius A. Wailla, Maria
Holferty. Frank Wleseuhan. Christian
Hoonr.ann. Hermann
BA DOER— In East Oakland, November 21. IS'^9.
Captain Thomas W. Badger, husband of Jen-
nie A. Bati&cr, a native of Marionville. Va..
need 72 years.
B7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner Ninth and Seventh
avenue, East Oakland. Interment private.
BAKKS-ln the City and County Hospital.
November 21, l*t:>9. Jcs»ph Bark?, a native of
Ungland. seed 40 years.
BIIV'-A- In this city. November 21. 183?.
James A., only and beloved son of James A.
a: '. A ernes Belyea, a native of San Francisco.
i -••l 2 yoars 3 month* and I days. (St. John,
N. 8.. papers i<lea.^e copy.)
[7 lntel 1 rivals.
BROWN— In this city. November 20. 1!99. Cap-
tain William, beloved husband of Mathilda
Brown, and lather of William. Alexsla. Rob-
ert. Mathllde and Amy Lirown, a native of
Etonehaven, Scotland, aii-J 07 years and 11
months.
COCHItANE— In Madrone. Santa Clara County.
November :o, U9S. John Cochrane. former
resident of San Francisco and a pioneer
■4Ver, a native of Massachusetts, aged 74
yenra 1 month and 14 days.
CVServlces will be held at the I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. San Francisco this day (Wednes-
day), at 11:30 o'clock.
DEVLIN— In this city. November 19. Usf, Man*,
l^loved wife of the late Thumas Devlin, and
mother cf Mrs. William Quinn and the late
John Devlin, aeed 67 years 6 months and 24
day*.
Trien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Wednesday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from her late
residence. 3341 Twentieth Ftreet. thence to St.
Charles Church, corner Eighteenth and Shot-
well f-treets, at 1 o'clock, where prayers will
be offered for the rei>o»e of her soul. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HALLI In this city. November 21. 1599.
Mary Ellen, wire of the late Th'-mas Hal-
iinan, mother of John. Thomas. Maurice and
the line Tim-nliy Hnllinan, Mrs. George Mc-
Laren and Mrs. Nathan Hewson. and sister
cf Michael ulllvaa. a native of Ireland,
as ed CO years.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
HENCKEN— In this city. November 19. 1539.
I Julius A., beloved husband of Sophie Henck-
en, beloved son of Mrs. Christine and the late
Martin Hencken. brother of Miss Glna
Heneken nd Mrs. W. C. Hacke. and son-in-
law of Georre and Margaret ma, a native
of San Francleco. aged 33 years 3 months and
24 days. *. member of Coneordia Lodce No.
122, I. O. O. F. . Klnc.n Parlor No. 72. N. S.
G. W.. ar.d Mission Turn Vereln.
C Tn. ;."..• and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at - o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason .-..■§. services will be
held under the uucrli-<-s of Rincon Parlor No.
72. N. S. G. W. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
H' •I.K-KRTT-In this city, November 21. ICD?.1 C D?.
Frnnk Holferty. a native of Londonderry.
Ireland, aced 46 years.
|P""Frien<ls and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Unlcn
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-mnrrow at 11 o'clock, from the
funeral iarlnrs of McGinn Br^s.. 31 Eddy
Ftroet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOORMANN— In this city. November H, ISS9.
Hermann, beloved husband of Elloo H ■•!-
mann, a native of Merr«*n. Hanover. ■;••;-
many, aged 72 years 10 months and IS days.
HOUGAN— At St. Vincent's Asylum. San Ra-
fael, Patrick B. Horcan, known In religion
as Brother Lawrence, a native of Llfiowel.
County Kerry. Ireland, acej 63 years 10
months and 4 days.
CT.\ requiem mass will be- celebrated for
the repose of his soul at St. Vincent's Church
this day <WeJn<^day). commencing- at 9:30
o'clock. Interment at Han Rafael.
JENSEN— this city. November M, 1539,
A^netha H.. eldest and dearly beloved daunh-
ter of Henry M. and Anna Jensen, and sister
of EUIe A. Jensen, a native of San Francisco,
aped 4 years 10 months and M 'lays.
C.VFrN'mls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her
parents' residence. 340 Jersey street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. No* and
Castro. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
L.UTHEK— In this city. November 20. 1593,
George E. Luther, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Luther, a native of New Bedford, Mass.,
a «ed IS years.
CZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late rest-
dence. 312 Fillmor* street, thence to Unity
Lodge. I. O. O. F. Hall, comer Valencia and
Sixteenth streets, where services will 1* held
at 2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
MADDEN In this city. November 21. 1S!W».
J .lin. beloved husband of Ellen Madden, and
father of John C. William J. and Catherine
J. Madden, Mrs J. Hartmanshcnn and Mrs.
R. A. McLauehlln. a native of Ireland, aged
63 years and 3 months.
CTFrlenis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 6:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 318H Capp street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
i<»<iulem mass will he celebrated for the re-
pose of his smul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEARS— In this city. November 10, 1899, C.
AJ( nro Sears, a native of San Francisco, aged
43 years.
STFTTnNS— In this city. November tl, 1899,
Frieda A., dearly beloved daughter of Herr-
n.an and Katherlne StefTens. and sister of
Adolph, O4Wrca Katie H.. Ida M . Rosle 11.,
Hen-man D. and Elsie M. Steffens and Mrs.
G. E. StadtegKer. a native, of San Francisco.
aged 1( years and 4 months. (Newark. N. J ,
papers please copy.)
Darling Frieda, you hare g^ne before us.
Through the golden gates ajar.
There to wait for us to Join you
In the future, near or far.
MAMMA.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 2711 Putter street, between Lyon
street and Central avenu*. thence to St
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Stelner
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
Inc at <• 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. /
STRAUS— In Pasadena. November M 1K99 Ed-
; gar J. Straus, beloved brother of Mrs Isidore
Jaevbs. Mrs. Henry Jacob and Mrs. Samuel
TSlsMnger. a native of San Francisco aged
33 years and 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt«d to attend th» funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. Samue,l Blssinger. 2123 Jackson street
Interment private.
WALLIS— In this city. November 20. 1599 Maria
Wallls, beloved mother of Mrs. M. Hornback
and T. H. Uallls. a native of Cornwall Eng-
land. ag»-d r.9 years 1 month and 27 days
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), from the Methodist Church at
Antioch, Cal.
WIESENHAN— In this city. November 19. 1599
Christian Wles»nhan. beloved husband of th»
late Annie Wlesenhan. and beloved father of
Charles. <serdie and Henry Wlesenhan, a na-
tive of Oerl. Germany, sued 43 years.
X. 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Oantner ft Guntz Undertaking Company
% and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery .-...„.>>
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
' (Successors to Flannagan & Gall-»^h<»-)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB.
10 Fifth st . opposite Lincoln .School.
Telephone South SO.
mcflVOY «fc CO.. R
FUN'EKAL. DI RECTO US .t. KiIUALMEHS, I
rUWKKAL DIKI . . i ...I.MKR.S I
1236 Market St.. between -;ii *nd »ih. I
T ?i lPftPi n A.Jfe utn 3<7t I
METHODISTS
OPPOSE ROBERTS
Urge That He Be Not
Seated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.-The general
mlaajonary i-ommiitee of the Methodist
church to-day placed Itself on record
.•:ng of Kepresentative
elect lirighani H. Hoberts of Utah In the
The niutier came up when
the application fjr mission work la Utah
was under discussion. Bishop Wan en
arose ana presented the following rebolu-
Uon:
The General Missionary Committee of the
Methodibt iCj-i-c.^.a Church, compo&ed of blah
op*, officer* of tiie mlbslonury society and rep
resentatives lr^m all ; ills of the country,
hereby expresses its unqualified disapproval of
the election by the Stale of Utah or JJrlghani
li. Hobtru. an avowed poiyginjiet. to the
lluuse of Representative or the United States.
Whereas, liy the election of said Brig-ham 11.
Roberts Utah publicly repudiate* her sacred
egreement which the made in order to secure
Statehood; and
Where**. In view of the past history over th'
contest or Hie practice of polysamy, the Housj
of lio;>resentatives cannot permit the saiil
lirlßl-.aui 11. floberts to have a voice, in its
counsels without In effect auctioning the prac
tice of polj-finrr.y;
Therefore we tnoat respectfully and most ear
neatly call upon every Ranreaentattyi of the
Fifty-elxth Concre£» to uaa his utmost an
Ucavor ......I to exhaust all honorable means 10
secure the prompt expulalon of the aald Brlc
liu.ii H. Ituberta of Utah from the House' of
Kepre&eni&tlves, in accordance with the pro
vision of the National conblltutlon in article I.
section 5, paragraph 2. which reads an follows:
"Uacli bouse (of Congress) may determine the
rules of Its proceedings, punish its members
for disorderly behavior, and, with the concur
rence of two-thiraV expel a member."
We also most earnestly call upon every mem
ber of the Senate and ■! the House ot Repre
sentatives to use his utmost endeavor ana to
exhaust all ... • means to secure action
by the Klfty-sixth Congress proposing an
amendment to the National constitution sub-
DUtUni the same tiv the Legislatures of the
fccvoral States, confining legal marriage to mono
gamy and making polygamy and polygamous
cohabitation, undtr wMchever guise or pre
tense, a crime against the United States pun
ishable by severe penalties, including di'stran
cliieeiner.t and disqualification to vote or to
hold any office of honor or emolument under
the L'nlted States or any Btate or Territory
thereof.
This resolution was adopted by a rising
vote, and a committee of three was ap
pointed, con&lsting of Bishop Hurst, Dr.
Voucher and bop Warren, to present
the foregoing resolution to the President
and to place a copy of- it in the hands of
every member of both houses of the Fif
ty-sixth Congress.
The committee then appropriated SIOJMO
for the mission work in Utah during
the coming year and $2000 for the school
work In the State. Afterward an aJdi
tional JSOOU was given to the school work.
The other appropriations for home mis
sion work were as follows: Missions
among the American Indians, $74St>; con
ferences north of the Potomac and Ohio
and east of the Mississippi, $25,161; for tna
conferences of Kansas, Ohio and the
States north, including the Black Hills,
J51.437: for Montana. Wyoming. Arizona
New Mexico, Idaho and Nevada, K.7,6iu;
for the Pat-Hie Coast, $33,476.
IMPROVED FINANCES.
Better Conditions Now Prevailing in
Spanish Honduras.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 21.— Frank M.
Parker, special agent of the North Amer
ican Trust of New York to Spanish Hon
duras, who has just arrived from Central
America, speaking of the llnanclal condi
tion of the republics, said:
"Spanish Honduras is to-day in a much
better financial condition than any other
of the Central American countries, me
exchange there being only 125, while in
Guatemala It Is about 800.
the famous Pears
torlly to all cun
. iit Bpanisb Hunduran agent
In New York with which to
make Kood the dt iiiai.de of Ben Tears fur
the dpaih of his brother Frank, but for
r.-rtsnns. |iresumably political. Mr.
w.thdrcw Ins demand and the Inci
dent closed."
Fire at Tulare.
TULARE, Nov. 21.— The two-story brick
building occupied by F. J. Shultz as a
general merchandise store caught fire last
evening at lv:20 o'clock and damaged the
building to the extent of about $3500 and
stock $3300. The cause of the fire was
defective electric wires under the roof
of the building. The firemen deserve
great credit for saving the building and
its contents from total destruction.
■ ♦ «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter and Adelheld C. B. Johnson to Antonio
I'.ui kii-tianl. lot on N'W corner of Union and
Polk street*. W 2S:o*i by N 52; $3300.
Arthur and Bertha lUilly to John Pedersen.
lot on N 111 of Pine street, 103 : 11 1 * Eof Stelner
E M:4% by N 137:8; $10.
John Pedersen to Otllle Pedersen (wife of
John), same; gift.
Daniel and KHen Einstein to Ernest and Jen
nie Frledlander. lot on E line of Central ave
nue (Lit), 25 S of Page street, S 25 by E 89;
HO.
Michael and Ellen Galvln to John J. Ryan,
lot on X line of Beulnh street, 133:3 W of
Ehrader, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Samuel Hafford to Wallace A. and Rose E.
Paulson, lot on \V line of De Long avenue, 110
S of Waller street. S 2.". by \v 60; $2000.
Samuel C and Elizabeth L. Hammond to
Fltn.in Clayburgh. lot on E line of Shotwell
street, 150 8 of Twenty-fourth, S 50 by E 122:6;
$10.
J. H. Culver to Henry D. Cogswell, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-sixth and Shotwell streets,
E 75. S 1.0. XW 15, NW 61, M 123:6, quitclaim
deed: $10.
Eliza C. Herbert (Comerford) (and as execu
trix estate of Joseph M. Comerford) to Edward
F. Delger, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street.
100 E of Fair Oaks. E 25 by N 110; $1500.
Mary I. Harrison (single) to Henry Schwartx.
lot on W line of Chattanooga street. 135 8 of
Twenty-third, I 25. W 175. N 46. E 60. N 4. E
23. S 25, E S6: $10.
Thomas and Cathe Clarke to Robert D.
Cranston, lot on W line of Clara avenue. 16 S
of Seventeenth street, 80:8 by \V 136; $10.
M. McCaaa to Citizens' Building and Loan
Association, lot on W line of Clara avenue,
47S N of Eighteenth street. N 26 by W 136: $50.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Thomas W. and Christopher C. Rivers, same;
$1250.
Josephine H. Krleg to Hypollte Audlffred lot
on X line of Sacramento street, 217:11 E of
Kearny. E 20 by N B9:6; $10.
Isldor Cohn to Bertha Cohn. lot on N line
of Turk street. 112:6 E of Leavenworth, E 25
by N 137:6; gift.
Estate of Sarah Joy (by B. Walker and John
Bayle, executors) to Frank Demartlnl. lot on
SK line of Clementina street. 115 SW of Fourth
SW 25 by SE 80; $2300.
Mary E. Kernan to Auguste Prou. lot on W
lino of De Haro street. 200 N of Sixteenth (Cen
ter). N 75 by w 100; $1250.
A. C. Freese. administrator of the estate of
William W. Wade Mary J. Wade and 8. B.
Rothenberg. by Edwin Schwab commissioner,
to S. K. Rothenberg, lot on E line of lowa
street. 399:8 N of Twenty-fifth (Tolo), N 6:4
by 100; $S0«.
Solomon. Dora. Rernhard and Rosa Gets to
Christian H. Koehncke, lot on E line of Thirty
fifth avenue. 100 N of X street, N 25 by E 120
$lO.
Agnes H. Horn (Flalg) to Charles W.
Schwartz, lot on W line of Forty-first avenue
175 8 of S street, S 25 by W 120; also same to
Edith C. Schwartz, lot on W line of Forty-first
avenue. 175 S of S street. N 25 by W 120; $5.
Sarah F. Lang to W. H. Barkhurst. lots 1
and 2. block 84. Paul Tract Homestead Associa
tion: JlO.
Charles F. A. and Mary Eberhardt to Joseph
F. Dolan. lots 434. 436. 433. 440. 442, 444 446 and
448. gift map 1; $10.
Octavlus S. Bates to Edgar J. Lion, lot 37
block 22. Lakevlew; gift.
Alnmedn County.
John A. Sanborn to Winifred Moran, lot on
E line of Ruby street, 207.5 N of Weston ave
nue or Thirty-eighth street. N 25 by E 141
being lot 32. Mock C, Broadway and Telegraph
avenue Park Tract, being a r*subdlvl*:.,n of
blocks A to E. Weston Tract, quitclaim deed
Oakland: $10.
Charles E. and Mary J. A. illlamson to John
C Rogers, lot on B line of Twenty-eighth
street, 108:1 W of Magnolia. W 50 by g 1106
being lots 17 and 18. block 649. Oakland; $10 ' '
Jacob F. Gallman to James M Brown, lot on
SW .Ine of East Twentieth utreet, 90 NW of
Twelfth avenue. NW 60 by SW 25. block 115
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Eliza E. and M. Illnehart to Alice H. Corn
wall, lot on NE line of East Eighth street
formerly McLemore street. 112 NW of sixth
avenue, formerly Jones street, NW 38 by NE
120. block 3. Clinton. East Oakland; $10
J. and Sadie Armstrong to William B Mor
rlsh. lot Inning at a point 367 S from H line
of Vine street, and 140 E from E line of Spring
E 160 by S 4?. being portion of lot 14. block V
Berkeley View Homestead. Berkeley; $100. '
septa and Juana H. Nevis to Mannel F de
Freltu* lot on SW corner of Angela and Au
msiln streets. W 100 by S 150. being lots 3S and
29. Nevis Tract, Pleasanton. Murray Township
110." ■
Central Land Company (corporation) to
Charles J. and Julia M Selby. lot on B line of
Market ftrett, SO >• of Thirty-third, N. 30 by E
,116:3. bsJnc the *? V f«et Jot 2 ami 10 feet lot
3. block K. Map of property of Central Land
Company, Oakland; $450.
E and I'-arl Conn to Grace M. Ander
son, lot on N line of Lyrfla street, 120:7 E of
Markf-t, X 2S by N tfl. Mock 3H'. Oaklund; $10.
C. Dalgnault to Joseph and Rose Esola. lot on
N line of F-rty-second street. 431.80 E of Grove,
N 105. E 50.50. S 105. W M.50 to beginning, be
ing lot 93, Montgomery Tract, Map No. ?. Oak
land; JIC.
Builders' Contracts.
Masonic Hail Association (corporation), own
ers, with James F. Logan, contractor, archi
tect Edward l< Swain, alterations and addi
tions to Masonic Temple building on NW 1 1
Post and Montgomery streets, N 76 by W 160;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F M Lee. Reno . Portland
1' I'endleton. Saratoga Miss .J Gray. Portlnd
H Denny. D I N S Plnwhower. Cal
C n Overacker. Nlles J T Hell. Palo Alto
T F Sutton & w. Cal Miss A Bell. Palo Alto
W F Foster. Chgo Miss Pike. Palo Alt*
W Carruthers, Term J S Slaloney. Oakland
J I? Topley. Vallejo F Crothers. Term
D Walter. S Jose Capt Hackly, Term
P Norman. Stanford W M Llghtner. St Lou
Capt R \V Fortes. Cal \V lahell. Ukiah
H Kelso. St Louts R W White. Cloverdal
S K' Mount, Cal ill Richardson. Cal
J Kieinert. Cal \v c Howard. Stockton
M Goldsmith. Stktn J D Smith. Danville
L ati Lann, Cal .1 Goldman, Merced
1* H Ijaw*on A w, A •! Bloom, Petaluma
Portland P Mulvenany. Cal
D O Warner, Helena W Benson. S Rosa
O X '*arrinr»r Oroville Mrs W Benson. Cal
E Rhine. Clayton Miss A Ross, 9 Rosa
D V Whltlock. Merced B Ensel. Marysville
E M Carr. I»ino|» H Thorp. Sacto
a F Maither. Pinole a Smith. Courtiand
F T Wyman. Boise A W Stuart. Cal
Dr P J Mangan Cortes I J Buckley. Cal
P S Silver. St Louis T Spillacy. Cal
Mrs T West. Portland Miss M V Roberta
PALACE HOTEL.
F R Bmalrwood, Btoeki Hochmeyer, Guat
II Ortman 4- w. Chleag II White. New York
It S (•'•lice & w, V sa j Welnberg. New York
1: de Sabla * w, Ooal W J Morae, New Tot*
G yon Wedelstadt.Guat'E .1 Gillen, New York
O W Sullivan. Chicago W S Stltt, New York
C V Strong, Chicago A S Jennings, Chicago
T Freud. New York J C Hutt, Chicago
O A Ballard. N V C Shonir.ger & w, NY
V Gulpen & w. GermnyjH CJ Spaldlng. N V
Miss M Stelnbach. Oer;J H Griffin. Nevada
H Moss New York jj M Roblnsoa, Utah
F Ballow Jr. Leadville Ml- G Robinson. Utah
Lde Fries & w. Eng Miss N Allen. Utah
T Flint Jr. San Juan iG J Goucher. L«: Beach
M Kuhn. New York J X MacKenzle, 111
E Hochmeyer, Guat
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
the early morning tides are giv»n In the left
hand celumn and the rueoesslve t!j»-^ "f ti.e
■i^y In the order of occnrreoce an to time. The
■ lime column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column th<» third ti.le
and the last or right hand column giv<-5 the
last tide (•{ the day. "xrept when thfre >r» >"jt
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h»lg'..ts
gtret) are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts exrept
wli<-n a mln\i(< sisTß (—)( — ) precede* the h.-lpht,
an t then the number given l« snbtractc '
tho ile|.th clvn by the charts. The plane Of
•■an of the 1 itrer lon waters.
♦— »
Steamer Movements.
1
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I
From.
1 ■:•
Empire Com Bay Nov. 12
Cleveland Seattle Nov. 22
Tltania jNanaimo Nov. 22
Albion dp* Nome Hot.
Grace Dollar Gray* Harbor | Nov. 22
• "'.on Bay [Newport iNov. 21
Wellington [Departure Bay Nov. 22
San M.iteo Nnnalmo Nov. 22
Vmatllla Victoria * Puset Sound Nov. 23
Point Arena Point Arena (Nov. 23
I'nmnna Ulumbnldt INOT. M
Crescent Clty...|Crescent City INov. 23
NewburK Grays Harbor Nov. 23
Wa.«ht pnaw jTacoma [Nov. 21
rv,rona H^n l>l»ro INov. tl
Weeott llutntv->Mt JNov. 2«
I ••! .rte ICrescent City 'Nov. 24
Or. Fanß Ctilna and Japan ;Nov. rs
Progreso Tacoma If or. II
Columbia Portland INov. H
Aberdeen Portland Nov. 28
Orizaba Newport Nov. 26
f-'amoa Humboldt Nov. M
North Fork Humboldt Nov. M
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 2*
Curacao Mexico Nov. 27
Ukme IPuern Pound Nov. 27
Portland [Portland Nov. 27
Miami Seattle Nov. SI
Tellus Departure Bay Nov. 27
Fanta ROM San Dl*bo Nov. 2S
Coqullle River.. Gray* Harbor Nov. M
Queen Victoria it Puget Sound Nov. M
Alliance 'Or«-|»on Ports NOT.M
State of Cal Portland 'Dec. 1
TO SAIU
Steamer. ' Destination. I Balls. I Pier.
Santa Rosa Pan Dletto Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie * Put Nov. 22. 10 am Pier I
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 22, 10 am Pier IS
Cleveland .. Puaret Sound . I Nov. 23. 10 am Pier 1
Or. Dollar.. Grays Harbor|Nov. 23, 6 pmj
State of Cal Portland Nov. 24. 10 am, Pier 24
Coog Bay... Newport Nov. 24. 9am!Pler 11
Nip. Mara.. A Japan Nov. 25. 1 pmIPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 25. 2 pm'Pler 2
Pomona .... IHumboldt Nov. 25. 2 pra Pier 9
Newburs .. Grays Harbor Nov. 25, 5 pm
Weeott IHumboldt Nov. 25, 6 Pier 13
Corona .... San Dlepo Nov. 26. 11 am Pier 11
X'matllla ..'VI.- & P*t Bd. Nov. 27. 10 am ! Pier 9
Orizaba .... Newport Nov. 28. Sam Pier 11
Colon Panama Nov. IS. 12 m PUSS
Bamoa .... IHumboldt I Nov. 2S, 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 2*. 9am Pier 2
Aberdeen .. Portland Nov. 19 1
Alameda ... Bydney Nov. 29. 10 pm Pier 7
Columbia ..jPortland Nov. 23. 10 am Pier 24
Bi It
| Pier.
4 ■
Shipping Intelligence.
m w
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 21.
Btmr Btate of California. Oage. 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 58 hours.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander. 18 hours from
Mdfi Landlna;.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, 101 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr San Pedro. Zoddart, 39 hour* from Re
dondo.
Stmr South Portland, Hall. 70 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 20 hours from
Greenwood. .. .
Schr Barbara Hernster, Anflndsen, SO hours
from Fart Bragg.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. November tl.
Ptmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Etmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, Ban Diego;
Ooodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyr*, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmuir's Sons.
Schr Vine. Small, Honolulu; C D Bunker &
BAILED.
Tuesday. November 21.
Btmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr St Paul. Hays. Manila, via Honolulu.
Stmr City of Panama. Porter. Panama, etc.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. Fort Bragg-.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. Eureka.
Hr stinr Duke of Fife. Cox, Manila, via
Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 21. 10 p Weather
cloudy: wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Nov T. tat 28 N. lon 19 W— Ger bark J C
Pfluger. from Liverpool, for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. Nov 21— Stmr Townsend reports
that utmr Laruada. previously reported. Is a
total wreck: also that wreck of whaling bark
Mermaid was sold for $400 to Capt White.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Nov 11— Scnr Reporter, for
San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 21— Bark Levl O Bur
gess, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Miami, hnc
Nov 16; stmr Townsend. from St George Island.
Sailed Nov 21 — Stmrs City of Topeka and
Dlrlgo, for Skaguay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov Bktn
Ruth, for Departure Bay. to load for Hono
lulu: Br stmr St Irene, for Yokohama.
Arrived Nov 21— Schr King Cyrus, from
Tientsin. ■ * '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Ns>v 20— Schr C 8
Holmes, from Port Blakeley; lost mate over
board on trip.
Sailed Nov 21— Schr Salvator. for Olympla.
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov 20— Stmr South Coast,
for .
Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Pomona, hence Nov 20.
USAL— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Rival, for Cocs
Bay.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 9: stmr Portland, hence Nov 18.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Nov 20— Stmr Ban Bias.
for San Francisco. Nov 16— Stmr Acapulco. for
Panama. Nov 17— Stmr Costa Rica, for Pa
nama.
AUCKLAND — Arrived Nov 21 —Br «tmr
Moans, hence Nov 1.
LIMERICK— Arrived Nov 1?— Br ship Mare
chal Suchet, from Oreron.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 20— Br ship
Flintshire, hence July 13.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Fept 10— Chll bark
Guinevere, from Port Blakeley.
CALCUTTA^-In port OBt IS— Br ship Euphro
u-n«. tor load for Bap. Francisco, — -"*-
CARDlFF— Arrived Nov 20— Br ship Gunf >rd.
from Oregon; Rr ship Semantha. from Oregon.
QUEENSBOROUOB— Arrived Nov IS— Nor
ship Hproule*. from Chemalnus.
LIVERPOOIy— SaiI<d Ni«v 20— Br ship Prlm
roKe Hill, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Nov 20— Er ship
Celtic Monarch, for Pan Francisco.
SHANOHAI-Salled Nor JO—Shlp C S Rem
ent, for Oregon.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AUCKLAND Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Moana.
from San Francisco, etc.
BHIMONBBKI Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Palling,
fn m Tarnma. for Manila.
NEW York- flailed Mo* 21-Stmr Saale. for
nr>-men. via fout J-nivrton.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
:W Steamers leave Broadway
frn-,, wharf. San Francisco:
Bi* w^3Slk. Fc "" Alaskan perm. 10 a.m.,
I rs.*v^^"Bsa >"" ov - ■"• 2.2 '. Dec - *■ change at
f>\ PiV^ Seattle.
' •■ /; V . ', * v *•, •» For Victoria, Vancouver
j4H . IiUC), Port Tnwnsenl Pe-
•^"^iMftebl att'.e. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom,
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Nov, 23.
17. Dec, 2 and every fifth
day thereafter: change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamer* for Alaska a/id C N. I'.y . at
Tacoma to X. I*. R'y. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nor 25.
SO: TV"- 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Hi rd (San Luis Oblfix-). uavjota,
Santa LSarbara, Ventura, Huen»-m»» San Pedro.
East San Pedro (i/os Angles) and Newport, j
a. m . Nov. 24. 28; Dec. 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
I ford <San Luis Obl«:v>). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anrele? and Rednndo il>is Angel 11
a. m.> Nov. 23. M 20; Dec 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For En?<*nada. Mncdalena Bay, San Jo*e del
C.iho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa«. Santa Rn»a-
Ila and Guaymaa (Hex.), M a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without prevlnii? notice, steamers, sailing dates
and h"tir?! o. pnllln*.
TICK FT OFKICr— 4 New Montgomery
street i P ilace H 'Hi
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. On Arts,
10 Market ft.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
y DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P5P 5 O IR, T TLi A asT ID
From Saeai lust Wharf st 1* a. m.
r*DC SI2 Flmt Claita Including Bert*
IAiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. If, M !
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helen* and all points In the Northwest.
, Through tickets to all points East-
E. C. WARD. Or.oral Agent.
«3" Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Sup<«rlntend»nt«.
AMERICAN LINE.
!TTW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARII
Ptopplnr nt Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. $jpt. I>%uls Dee. 1J
Ft Louis Nov. 77 St. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec. 6iN»w Tork Jan. 3
RED STAIt LINE.
New York enJ Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Nov. IlKenslngtoa Not. 23
Pouthwark Nov. 1' Noordland Dec 4
Westernland ...Nov. 22!Frt»sland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing *t
Kobe (Hloco). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
, India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of ".-illinr.
NIPPON-MART.* Saturday, >•*"*• »
AMERICA-MART' Thursday. Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MARU Tuesday. Jan. II
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
' freight and passage apply at company's office.
1 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
»V. l"?l ?8 - Alamerla salts
vl " Honolulu and
rB, Mgi-l * Auckland for Sydney
■ L, Wednesday. Nor. 29.
)sfP^m^P!nt) Th s - S. Australia
QJ\VIUWU\d v .alls for Honolulu
(IrrP~'i?m Wednesday, Dec It
"r. "" '"" at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
! 6a oa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $(10 first class.
l. U. ».'«LCK£L& & EtKUS. CO., Agtt.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freie.htoff!e«.32? MlrV,iM 1r V,i St
COMPA9NIE OtNERALE TKAIfSATLAKTIQCK
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PA js.e-»»
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <^TwTfS
Saturday, from November 2. IS&S. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORM AN DIE. Nov. 18; L.A
OASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
M LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7. First-class to
i Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip". Second-class to Havre, $43. s per
cent reduction en round trio. GENERAL I
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CANA-
DA. 82 Broadway 'Hudson butldlng). New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, i
Montgomery aye.. Ban i*raßelaM
BAY AND BIVZR STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thure. and Sat. at 9:48 \
a. m., 3:15. SO p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri- '
days, 1 p. m and 8:30: Sundays, 1030 a. m . S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 1 Telephone Main ISOJ.
FARE SOo I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the b«*t rail-
road, with the highest class aoooramcdatlona.
Connecting train leaves Baa Francisco at
1:00 p. m.
M OIfDAY. WEDNESDAY. FRIDAT BA7USDAT,
Arriving In Chicago at 2:15 p. m
niDAT, SUNDAY. TCEBDAT. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palac* and
Upholstered Tourist Care leave Oakland Mole
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the East
6:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno. Hin.'ord. Vlealta.
Tulare and Dakersfield. furnishes good local
train service.
Ban Francisco office, (23 Market St.. telephone ■
Main IMI.
Oakland office. 111? Broadway.
Sacramento office. 201 J street.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. I
Via ■■■aallaa Parry.
Commencing October 1. I8i».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN- RAFAEL. "*-»* ;
WEEK DAYS— »7 CO. 1:M. 11 :C« a. m.: •xtL. i
•3:40, 6:15, « «>. •:» p. m. *'**
EXTRA TRIPB— For Mill "alley and San Ra- I
feel, en Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at 5:00 and 11. p. m. •««*■.
SUNDAYS- •10: CO. # 11:33 a. m •til
|:U. »4 46. 6». 9:00 p. m. ' *••
Trains marked «•) run to San Qiientln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS--»:25. •«:». 7:15. •JmJ la m «
•12:30, » 16. '3:40. »5:15 p. m. *• ™- J
EXTRA TRIPB on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at «:40 aad 10:15 p. m. *
• SUNDAYS— «:2O. •3:00. •10:60. »ll:tt a. m >
•ltiO. »3:IS. 4:48. S:3O p. m. a ' 1
Trains marked «•) start from Ban Ouentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO B AN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS-«:4i. •:*s. 7 : 65 $•« aTi?i
13:35. :X. 46. 6:20 p. m. . #U *• m-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mandays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10 M p m eonesa ■*■•»•
• :K'«S. A l. B^' : "' 1006 *• m ■'■ 12< *' " : * I:S *
THROUGH TRAINS.
J:00 a. m. week days- aia.lero anyway stations
l;fe)Lm.JuJdAjirToin^u »ailr4i Jutw I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Fly Across
the Continent
ON THE
OVERLAND
LIMITED
LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO 8 d : a 3 5 1 1.m t
ARRIVES
CHICAGO Wlt :at ***** v
...71 Hours
An EJee-mt Soli 1 Vcstibuled Train of
Composite Car,' with Library, Smoking
Parlor, Buffer, etc. Luxurious Double
Drawing-rojm Sleeping Cars, Dining
Car.
Also through Drawing-room Car and
D ; ner for Denver via Salt Lake City.
THE OWL LIMITED from Southern
California connects wich the Overland
' Limited at Port Costa.
Prompt connections at Denver, Omaha
| and Chicago with l;m!ted trains lor other
Eastern ■ "i m
THE FASTEST OVERLAND service
! in the history of transcontinental rail-
roading.
For folders and more complete Infor-
mation call at Southern Pacific Pa-.sen-
Ker Office.
m>ituiu\ ' «•*« mr reHPiNT.
|r»i in. ->>Mr.M .
Train, tmmim smssl »rr .'...• i. arrlfe at
MAN It % m is< O.
(Main Laic, Foot of Market Street)
Lbave — From Xotekbek 13. 1399. — *r.Rivs
*?:OU\ I: a !». .- .1- •:! »nd .->*cr»niento... *7:13p
It— a M iri.-Tilir. Oroiltla »i» WrHv:taiid,
i:i:i<lra. V»ca»lUjaii.l Kcxts-t.... *7 . l-ir
•7:OOa BhuU Elfrcs* -l>»»!s Wlilows,
Koi Elu3. I'urtlacd "7 Air
•7:30, Martinez, Kan I'.auion. V*»!le]o. N»r»>
I'^lUti pitri.l M.iii-.i lli'Bl *0:l.1r
•«:SOa The OTemn<l Llnitcil— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Omaha. <.'iiica;> ••Vl a*
•B«»S>* Bah .U «-. I.liermore, Ktiicktnn,
Inns, Haerametii riacrviilo,
Marjstllle, Chlco, l>.t K.i.if ... M-.lir
•StaOji •Milton. Oskdalo ami honor* a ltlHp
•!•:»!»» H.y »jr .». Niltflasd Way hUtinm. '11:13*
••J:O«« Atlsntta rnniss Ciiliiii »• I Km *U:-13a
•»!««» JUriu'z, Tr.-.cy. lAtLrots htocstan,
Mrre-<land Fresno .. •12i13p
•Hi«o* Cost*. I'tnno, M. .•■'■> and I • •
Aiiiel'M . # oil3p
•lOiOOa v«li. ] ... M«rtl:i.;2iir.l Way HtaM..i:j *O:l.1p
•II:<MI\ Ilatwards, KtUaaial Wsj ! t-tii.iu. •»•: l"'t
•1U:OOm Stiles, LiTerniote. Ktockton, »'eer»-
mrnto, Mcmlota, U&cford, \ i«n;i,
PeeterttUe •«:!»?
fl:f>« • Bafr»mfnto Illter Hfoimrrt t*:OOr
I ■3:O<ii- wards. Niks and \v 4 Sutlcos. *• Ml
I •I'liiii- MatUiM ■. Ban Itamou, Vallrjo,
Naf . i "«lUi ■..••». .Saiita It' ••» •••la*
•4:<>Oi I!-nicU. V*c».. H*cntiu*ntO,
Woodland, KnlshlS . Uu£
»lari»TUli', Oroi Mo«,
•liSllpNlleg. Han.inanaiidHtncktoa *7113f
*3iOOrTbu Owl IJnslted— Tracy. v resno.
Ilikcnfleld. ."-i;i;ii.i for Mcta lUr-
l.ir*. I. .9 AUErlcs . »»!-tS«
: «.V3op Moektaa. Mr...i. Vrrtno •14<13t
' •3i;uir 6i..», l.i . r.u.rl 1, hauU lt»r).«ra,
IxiS Al.i"l-3. 1 >:i. !r.i{. II lv.«>.
Now <>!>• n.i and Ilsst •«««•»
•3iS«r Hant*. fm I: .-.ii« — A i «..iia EipteM
lor Mnjaia •ml lU«t . *«i49r
•0:« Op nsywAriti. Ml»«an.lM»n Ju«9 •7.45*
♦ •::•«. V»l!eJ.i # l«:l."»f
. •u i::n r OrirnUl Mall— Ogden and East •»«•". Of
t7:OOt> Valicju, IVtt « . •» and Way hta-
tlota. *.e.34t
I *Bin3r Orrcuu and California i:«i r i*.»me-
raiiieiitn, Main lle'Mltir. _-
I'. •.' , 1. !■...«•. H...t,,.l m.,1 I ».t **»134
COAST HI VISION Nam.., Uasjsje).
(Fo<.Ut MirkctStitct.)
•SilSa Newark. «.'rtit«ililr.h»ii Juan. Triton.
noiiltlerCfcek.HaulaCtusaud Way
Kutlous «SeMi
tSilSr Newaik CentetTilH hsn .It w. Nrw
Almaden, Fclton. llnuldeT Crrek,
Haiit-v Cruz sod >'rluoii.«l Way
Stations •!» I*4
•fiinr rewsrk. Han Jns«, LoaOatos **>20a
Illil3r II m-ers' Ficunl v. tUu Jus* and
Waynmiui:a }7t—f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtsiSt!! fRIBCISCO— fi«: si aarkst St.-it (His 8) —
•7:16 00 lliiut.it. 11:53 *2:C3 t3:oi
•«:: 1::: •£::-.
rumoiiuio— ritt*rßiui«>T.— •« 00 800 10 00* M.
11: •!:: _ tJ so *3.:3 M;: 3 '3:::r.u.
COAST IMTISIOI (Broad Cause).
(Thlr.l ni;d In TH9CI ,1 .St».)
<•«••* Ocelli View, South Man lrandwx>.. fOtSOf
*7:«»«« Han Jose ami Way Kutlmm iNav
AlinaUi.i \Vedne«daj»imlj) •Dm
•»ioo« Nnii Jn»o. Tit* I'iiins Hunta I'rnx,
r«.-; ... .- I'M • II •) ... «. Nan
l.ii!» Ol.lnp.t, .Surf. Lompoc and
I'iliicl|m»l Way HULlnns Miier
•Iliilu* Han. 1- >■- .1, ' V. ay Ktt'lf.na •• xv»
: •Ill3l>« Bai, J,, (c and Way Ktatlona . •StSOf
t'JSil.'tr.San Mat Kedwood. Menlo Park.
I'al'. Alto. >«t,ta«'.ar«. Nail .'.•«,
Tree rioos. Santa t.'r.u. Bailnaa.
Monterey mid raciTie Hrove 119t%6jk
(■•astrSaaJases 1 Way HUtloim .... *7>lor
, • :l3rP*nJo!«eand Trlnclpal Way Stations •»:<.■»»
t~>:OOr San Jose ai Prlnripil Way Hutlona ♦•!•<»»
# ':aop Baa.lo««aiid Principal Way Kutloos •» "•*
I ••:»«!• »ai. Joss and WayHtattona i«:OOt
>"••• S*ri Jrgaand Way .Statlon» •: :o-
A for Mornlnc '• for Afternoon. "
■ Dally. t eicapteiL ♦ i day only.
b Satnr'lay on'y.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
.... - LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F. #r>. Foot of Market St.
I. 1, « 10 ' t;M £■ m - Thursdays— Extra trl»
and ir*f' m - * turd r »— B * tr * utp« at 1:1*
•no li:m d. m.
B DA^o. :M m. J:l °- U:o ° *• m - : 1:M - i *
SAN RAFAEL, TO BAN FTIAN'CIBCX>.
WKEK. DAYB-6:10. 7.M. »:», 11:13 a. mT; U:«L
»'4«. IJO p. m. Saturdays— ICxtra trip* aft
1 H and 6:33 ->. m.
■VNIATB— »40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. I Oft.
«i' c m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
same, schedule as above.
L«avt I Arrtr* "
can Frtnclaco. In Effect San F*ranrisoa>
— — I — October IS. —— .
Week Sun- ISM. Sun- Week
Days. ( days. Destination days. Days.
T:3flaffl( »:00 am Novat >. 10:19 am S:4O ant
1:30 pm t:SO am Tetaiuma. iNpmlo Ii ant
t:lopm 1:06 pm Santa Rosa. IjBJ pra «:23 pea
Fulton.
I ISO am Windsor. lt:J3 aat
llealdsburs;,
Lytt n.
O*yKer»tlle.
/Wpm 1:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:X3 pm ft? pal
T:»9 air. Hop! and and
1:00 am Uklah. 7:53 pm 1 •:» ptm
T:S3 am '10:35 ant
1:00 ami OuernertHe. 7:38 pta
1:30 pm j sHpat
t M am 1.00 am Sonoma 10:40 am' 1:40 ant
and
• :10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. «OS pm l:*3 pra
T:3oam 1:00 am Eebastopol. 13:44 am 10:13 am
40 pm 1.00 pm ! 7:33 pmi •:]■ pta
Gtaass connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark Went
Sprints and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
lor Lortton Springs, at Oeyservtlle for B'txggn
6i>rlnKs; at Cioverdale for the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprints. Hißh!and Sprints.
Keiseyvlll*. Carlsbad Eprlnxs. ScSx Hay. L*k*«
port and tUtrtlett Bprtn»s: at I'ktah for Vichy
Eprlnc*. Saratoga Svrtn-s. Dlut Lm.kt». Laurel
pell Lake. Witter Sprints. Up; Lak'.TPomj.
Potter Valley. John Day s. Rivers! I-.erley s,
Bucknell's. Saahedrtn llrlsht-. Ilullvtlle. Orr*«
Hot Bprtnts. Mendoelno Cilfr. Fort Ftraxc.
Westport, Usal. Wlllltta. >nv|ii», Cnnv
ninsrs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer.
•c tla and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
I On Sunday round trio tickets to ail points
a«yon>l San Rafael at half rate* i: .
' Ticket Offices. CO Market st. Chronic!* bids.
X. C. WHITING. R. X KTAV.
General Manager Gen. Paas. a» oa.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— 9:2o a. m. and 1 4.'. p. m
Sundays— t:CO. 10:00 a. m. and lli p. m
Steam-heated, closed cat on all trains.
Fare— ban Francisco to Huminit and lleturn.
II 40.
/^^^ Hr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Uen^a HK KA RXY VT. Estebllshed
t»."l*f J*^!'^ I" I*3 l for the treatment of Private
SDr.Ciibhon's Dispensary,
fIMmUT »»T F.*tabltabc«
In l%tl for ihf !-. .ate
Pne-vse*. l^wt Munbo-Hi lH>rillltv or
Hasre>j-¥*^a disease wesrlnt on >.'lmtna> -id
8l " n 1 1 »*aeea. Thr doctor surrs when
«v^'«A**2 oUters fall Try htm. » barge* low
. -V li'r'i..'. ii i'nr>«^uiifinii.-<i Caiior
Or. 4. »•■ ulB8O.<(< Hoi 10.17.5aa Krancli >t
Weekly Call.sl.oo per Year
1112
MINOR APPOINTMENTS
SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED
Lackmann Names Ceo. A. Hare
for Under Sheriff.
New Supervisors Have Not Yet Got Down
to Real Business, but Will Caucus
Some Day Next Week.
SLUED FOR POSITIONS UNDER THE NEW CHARTER.
SHERIFF'S OFFICE.
UNDER SHERIFF - - GEORGE A. HARE
CHIEF BOOKKEEPER - - CHRIS NEWMAN
COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE.
CHIEF REGISTER CLERK - JOE GODDARD
TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE.
CASHIER - o-CARCURTAZ
CHIEF DEPUTY - - FRANK P. HAYNES
ASSESSOR'S" OFFICE.
CHIEF DEPUTY - - - E F. MORAN
CASHIER - - - WILLIAM I .AIT., EH
REGISTRARS OFFICE.
REGISTRAR - DAN GORDON
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
SECRETARY - - JAMES B. DENMAN
R. HOOEY.
POLICE COMMISSION— 4.
E. B. POND, STEWART MENZIES, VVM. ALVORD
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
CHIEF CLERK - JOHN RYAN
CIVIL SERVTCECOMMIS-lON.
A. W. THOMPSON. H N. CLEMENT
THERE Ii every indication that the
hecLdH of departments chosen at
the late < lection will ar.nour.ee their
appointments before Mayor Phelan
has finished figuring his batch cut.
end from all that can be learned they
have selected the bent •••rial in the City
Hall to fill tho few positions exempt from
the provisions of the civil service clause.
Fhcrlff Lackmann has already started the
hall goJr.g by proclaiming officially that
<J«orgc A. Hare will occupy the Important
office of Under Sheriff. Hare ls» at present
a. deputy under Sheriff Martin, and has
charge of all the real estate and railroad
tiu»>lne«s with which the office has to do.
•VhrU" Newman, the pret^ent bond export.
If slated for the position of chief book
keeper, and tho official announcement of
his appointment is expected within a day
or so. There is a possibility that he will
bfl turned down at the last minute for the
lieneflt of Pat Wal^h, one of County Clerk
Pcano's deputleti. but the wise ones say
that although Walsh has heen a friend of
long standing with Lackmann, and was
active in his fight, he will be placed else
where than ln the Sheriff*! office.
Count y Clerk Dean« 3 has the appoint
ment or but one of his subordinates, the
cashier, whose salary under the charter Is
J3SOO per annum. He in holding that posi
tion ln reserve for Joe Goddard. his pres
ent chief deputy, who. lntends taking ihe
civil service examinations for the -hi.
register clerkship. In case Goddard fails
at that he will fall Into tho cashiership.
Tax Collector Scott has slated Oscar
Curtax, his brother-in-law and businfss
2»artner for the position of cashier, and
Frank I\ Haynes has been tendered nls
choice between the chief deputyshlp and
the position of delinquent tax collector.
Hen Solomon Is making a hard fight for
tha chief deputy's Job. but Scott's inti
mates B«y lie has not a dead man's
chance. Bcott is not worrying over Shee
han's threat to contest h'.s title to the of
flce. and claims to have enough evidence
up IT pleeve to jirov«» that he has been
n bona fide elector of the city and county
for the five years required by the char
ter.
Edward F. Moran, one of the Eum-
PILLSBURY SAYS
ST. LOUIS HAS
MISTAKEN IDEA
Not in Trade Center
of Country.
w
' "This Ft L»oul« Jobber*." Bald E. B.
!r*llli»bur>- last *-v«-nlnK. "now pretend to
1*» Interested In the welfare of the Pacific
'Coast retailers. Bui they admitted that
they would not rt-duce their prices or tako
rinalli-r profits from the people of thi*
coast If tba railways should adjust ratoa
iiccordlns: to their wish<*a. It is very • vi
,«3ent that If the Middle West Jobbers
could break down the big mercantile
■houses of tho Pacific Coast they would
'after that have the retailers of the coast
in their power. Very naturally they
"would then make prlcts hero to recoup
fur the smaller prolits they aito obliged to
tak« m-arer homo."
Mr. I'illsbury has Junt returned from
Bt. lJouia, where he ap|>ear« > d l«-fore the
:IntcTteLa.te Commerce Commission as the
Tittorney of the Pacific Coast Joubertt' and
.Manufacturers' Association.
■ *'lt is very evident." Mr. Pillsbury con
'-tlnu«l, '"that un tftort has been made to
i rns I n a division bvtwe>cn the Jobljers and
*lhe retiiilers of the Pacific CounL The
proceedings upon the kuli of the tit. ],<«uis
jobbrrn have shown that the Mru^Klt is
• tor markets. Th« Ht. L<ouis people have
enormous t»>tabllshnu'nls. In order to
Keep tbtm roliik they with to extend their
trade more largely to the Pacific Coast.
They ail agreed that they had no griev
ance with the railroads fo far as the
« utnlnr.H of the roads were concernt-d.
Their jfrt-at object was to got orders from
the re-tallers of the coast for email dabs
of goods and to be able to ship these
» m:ill lots at rates practically the same
as for carloads, so th<*y could avoid the
jiaymcnt of taxes and th« payment of
re-nt*. They would simply take orders
Xrom retailers direct or from traveling
i alnmrii, and they aim to peddle goods
out ln different localities In practically
the ramo way as the San Francisco re
tailers would deliver them to customers.
Thn manufacturers of the Middle West
were taking no Interest in the proceed
ings. They found only ono manufacturer
to appear before tho Interstate Com
merce CommlHElonrro. He makes plum
bers' goods to some extent, but he aKo
had a Jobbing house connected with his
liuslncss. and he sold his own good* and
the goods of other houses like any Jobber.
With very few exceptions the St. Louis
people failed to rhow that they could not
pell goods under existing conditions at
t>ome profit. They certainly can make as
much profit on the goods they fend her©
v* they make upon those sent East from
th* Ulssssalptil Volley.
"The great mistake St. Louis poople
have made is ln thinking that they axe in
ten, is written
■
Her, wh" I .
Hall .
• - -. will
The appointment of Dan Gordon as Rep
istrnr Steppacher's successor is considered
j a certainty. Gordon has been chief dep
uty in the office since Registrar Hlggy"s
time, and Is highly esteemed by Mayor
Pht lan for his ability and personal worth.
His appointment will be one of the most
popular on the list. "Roldy 11 Hooey has
a Keen desire to succeed James A. Simp
son as secretary of the Hoard of Educa
tion, and has the railroad push behind
him. besides a score of other friends. His
chances are considered equal to any.
Supervisorial matters are in the same
chaotic state as in the beginning .v,
meetings have vet been held nor any pro
gramme discussed, and It is likely that
the customary caucus will not come off
until after the turn of Supervisor Jen
nings, who Is now touring the East. Jen
nings is expected back by Monday or
Tuesday of next week, and members of
the board are of the opinion that they
will be able to »:et together by Friday or
Saturday. The chairmanship of the Fin
ance Committee is •ill in the air. Joseph
T " l ' i: has stated that his private affairs
I will not permit him to accept the office
should it be tendered him. and the board
is now looking for a man In other quar
ters. Richard Hotallng has been men
tioned frequently, and Henry Rranden
stfln Is also prominent among th. candi
dates. Charles Wesley Reed is also fre
quently heard of In connection with the
jilace. but generally through his own
headgear. John Ryan, the present claims
clerk of the Hoard of Supervisors, will In
all probability succeed John Russell the
present chief clerk. Mr. Ryan, like' Mr
Russell. is a veteran In the department
and has been for years a close student and
friend of his chief. He is considered the
one man competent to take up the onerous
duties of the position, and a persona] can
vaps of the new board shows little if my
opposition to him. Other appointments in
the department have as yet been given lit
tle consideration, as the whole question
thus far has been the organization of the
board Itself.
th<» commercial center of the United
htate* as well as In the geographical cen
ter. They have overlooked the fact that
distance is not measured in miles so far
tip freight is concerned, but by the rates
for hauling. A large part of the tea sent
from China to the t'nlted States goes
through the Suez canal, because it moves
cheaper that way. although the distance
is 1.-nger than by way of San Francisco.
II goods can be moved cheaper from New
York to San Francisco by way of Cape
Horn or by the Isthmus than by rail
overland, that makes the water distance
less than the rail distance, commercially
considered.
"The St. Louis jobbers have thought
that they could send goods in all d'r^e
tlr.ns. taking St. Louis as a central point.
They are aiming to get railroad rales ad
justed to accomplish that purpose Th •
proceedings at St. Louis show* «1 that the
vr.itor competition between New York and
San Francisco Is not only active and po
tential now hut that it is likely to be
greatly Increased."
COUNTING THE RETURNS.
Henderson Slowly Gaining on Mc-
Carthy for Supervisor.
Tho Election Comn ' the
My District arid the flr--.t
Of th. I'orty-flrst In th.-
Tri.- election
th Precinct
tally
were s« nt for to comply with
iw in tha 1
only changes «.f not" were in th<?
Republican candidate
f..r Supervisor, who is slowly but
McCarthy's plurality and
ibtlcan n ••
of the BomH of Supervisor* if tv
I The dlstri< I
:• publican and Hen
In Dem<
H. ■ -
(i. rs.in made s net pain of v.t.
Ptarnham for Public Administrator has
I gain of 2* votes since the of
li'ial caavs I. but II
11k. tight t) .tnd's
plurality ol
Thirty-ninth Itistrirt showed some
remarkable changes Feuftler (Xi for
jr. r pain. .1 U votes In the right
• Bks (D.) f<.r Treas
in the same precinct
I .mi McCarthy 20 |n
that precinct, while Karnham gained 29
ln< -I tL
has already commenced
•U'l elections on !>.
« rnh.r n and Z9. Registration for these
• ml. «t 12 and 14
• "itii.tis whi have moved since Novem
i must register in order to vote at
Bring elections
Notice.
Certain advertisements by th» Sparks Auto
mobile Company, containing Illustrations of Au
tomobile, having appeared In certain papers, we
call your attention to the fact that these illus
trations were copied from the catalogue Issued
by the Woods Motor Vehicle Company and th«
vehicle* are manufactured by us exclusively.
It is due to the patrons of the Woods Motor
Vehicle Company to know that the Illustrations
referred to belong: to us and that we are not in
any way Interested in the Sparks Automobile
Company. WOODS MOTOR VEHICLE COM
PANY. Chicago. 111.
THE SAN FTJAXCISCO CAT.L. AVEDNESDAY. XOVEMBEB 22. ISO!).
WITH PRAYER, MUSIC AND FLOWERS
WILL DEPARTED ELKS BE REMEMBERED
THE memorial services of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3. Benev
olent and Protective Order o!
Elks, will take place this year
on Sunday, December 3. at the
Grand Opera-house at 2 p. m. For the
past two years General W. H. 1,,
Barnes has acted as the orator of the
day, hut at his earnest request the
memorial •committee has excused him
this year from the severe task, and J.
J. Barrett will take his place in Klviriß
the oration. To add some novelty to
the proceedings the memorial commit
tee has decided that Instead of the
members occupying peats together they
Will join their families in whatever
part of the, orchestra their seats may
lie located. Rabbi Levy will deliver a
short prayer at the commencement of
the services. The committee claims
DRAMATIC CLIMAX
IN A WILL CONTEST
San Rafael Attorney Accused of Attempting to
Bribe a Supposed Witness in the
Griffin Case.
SAX RAFAEL* Nov. 21. -An intensely'
C and dramatic climax was
lin the famous Wrifiin will <-<>n
iy. wh.-n Attorney James W
ISed by the plaintiff
and his attorneys of having attempted
to bribe l>r. A. <\ Winn to change his
testimony, and l>r. Winn himseit was
Batly charge,! by defendant's counsel witlt
having solicited a bribe to give testimony
favorable to tiie defense. These « ■■•
and ret rtmlnatlons are i I
nature tliat they will undoubtedly be
drawn to the attention of the <;r.tii.l
Jury.
\ ene was furnished during th>» ;.r.'
gfsss of the tr'ai by Attorney Mullany, j
who tragically demanded that he b<«
BWOrn and given an opportunity to deny
und.-r oath what he regarded a^; an In
sinuation regarding his veracity Aft^r
l.<- had rushed through the gateway lead
ing to the witn. m stand and was about
to strike an attltu..- the oath
administered. Judge AngellottJ quietly
:e.i that Mullany calm himself and
take his seat— that his evidence In the
ease was a non rssimlliil factor. The ,]e_
fense was supposed to have nn Inning
to-. lav. but In the light of what occurred
it was evident that the plaintiff had
another point and tightened Pat
rick Mulvaney's gri;> on the Trillin thou
sands.
The first charge of corruption was made
by Attorney Huirh Jones of counsel for
the defendant, Mrs. O'Connor, during the
afteri. - In conversation with
pondent In the corridor
of the Courthouse hi expressed the opin
ion that the will would stand, and at
tacked the testimony of I > f. .1 I S-.
on the ground thai the witness was
hltsfxi an«i had t diced over the evidence
WEDDING BELLS RING AT NOON.
HARRY V. PATRICK and Miss
Stella Smiley will be united at
noon to-day in St. Mary'a
Cathedral by the Rev. Father
Prendergast, Vicar General.
The altar of the sacred edifice has
been beautifully decorated with out
flowers ard smilax by the fair hands
of the friends of the bride, and It is
expected that the church will bo
crowded with the many friends of the
young couple. The bells that ring
out the noon hour will chime for the
newly wedded pair.
Miss Lucy Cronin, a younpr society
bud of this city, will act as brides
maid and John W. Drury, an inti
mate friend of the groom, will be his
best man. ,'*.'•
The bride, who Is the daughter of
Mrs. Anne Smiley of lowa Hill,
Placer County. Cal., is a - beautiful
and accomplished lady. Sh«». has a
voice if rare excellence and has often
token part, in local concerts. Mr.
Patrick Is a son of A. B. Patrick,
proprietor of the South [Francisco
Tannery. He is superintendent of
his father's larire manufactory and Is
extremely popular in business and
social circles. He enjoys me repu
tation of being the foremost ama
teur horsemen on the coast. His
horses are noted for their speed and
he was to give with Attorney Keys and
the plaintiff In h saloon the night bulure
"Dr. Stephen's testimony," paid Attor
ney Jones, "was doubtless on a par with
that I>r. Winn Would have furnished.
Why. Winn came to us after this suit
was begun an.l .iff.-re.l to give favorable
evidence for the sum of Ow. These tacts
win come out ami the Jury can judge
for themsel
When Attorney Keys l< orned of this
statement he wa . rably surprised.
and s-ait! that he was sorry defendant's
counsel was trying \-> make its tight
uch lines.
"I don't know whether or not Or. \Vlnn
committed such an oftVnse," » i • 1 Keys,
"and it makes little difference to up. be
cause we did not have him testify. But
if Winn Is to be believed. Attorney Coeh
rane has been guilty <>f a crime of Just
B nature on Monday even
ing, the 13th lust . l>r Winn, while In
nation With myself, Mr. Mulvaney
• Mtleman whose name I do
not car.- u< use at tills time, told us that
a >h..rt time previously he had been sent
f..r and taken into an office In the Par
rott btrldlng in Ban Francisco by Cnch
rane and there offered $>*) if he would
change the nature of th- testimony h»*
cpected to give nt tie trial,
even tated that Cochrane bad pulled
gold coin out of his pocket, and. count
ing OUI 800, had h.-l.i It tantalizingly be
fore him and asked: "Now, doctor, It
n ■ no difference to you how this rase
goes, and don't you think yon would like
this bright lump to repose in your pocket
when you <an have it for so little ef
fort 0 ' "
Attorney ECeyes further declared that
he did ii"t 1.-lleve Attorneys Jones,
nell and Mullany were parties to
such a rransactlon, and added that Or.
Winn hart r,"t mentloneud their names.
Plaintiff Mulvany corroborates Keyes'
tncnts as regards Winn's allega
To Be United at the Cathedral.
his turnouts for their elopance. Mr.
Patrick has become a familiar figure
<m the p.irk roads, lie is the owner
of a number of fine animals, but the
romlnent is Catinko. He lias
I'.-irt! -ipatf-1 In many of the gentle
men'i firlvtag events at the local
tracks anil has invariably won
through his expertneai as a driver.
The roans couple will leave Imme
'li.n.ly aft.-r th.- ceremony for Del
Monte, wh.-ro they will Frond a two
weeks' honeymoon. On their return
to this city they will take up resi
dence In a handsome home built by
the groom at the corner of Pierce and
Waller streets, a reception will then
be held and the r.ew edifice will receive
its proper housewarming.
that the service." will be the most Im
preMtTC ever Riven In this city, and s
working hard to make, the affair a
great success. There have been five
brother Elks called to the great be
yond in the past year, and no doubt
many friends of the deceased brothers
will take this opportunity of showinp
their respect to the departed. The five
deceased brothers are S. B. Carleton,
H. F. Emeric. A. P. HoUUnff, H. C.
Lathrop and v. w. Crystor.
Kach member of the order will be ai
lowed six reserved seats for the ser-
Vied for the use of himpflf and hl^
friends, but the galleries will not bo
opened, as the committee has decided
thnt it will limit the number of ad
missions.
The members of the. memorial com
mlttoc are Thomas K. Dunne, Dr E.
M. Shurt and J. N. Odell.
tions and says he tried to induce his at
tO follow Winn and SOS win
went after leaving the saloon, but K< y s
answered that be deemed it his pr
atonal duty to Ignore th< affair entirely.
The defense opened to-day by Ar
O'Donneii stating Its case to the jury m
a clear and forcible manner. John i'at
'.-•:, vv,i- -worn and testified that Ms busi
leallngs with, the deceased nad con
vinced him she w un cross
examlnatlon he admitted that th
business denlines he had ever had with
en to sell her a set of harness
for IB In i^ and to repair it in iv.«o for
Ex-Judge Fisher's testimony proved a
rang. He declared Mrs iirirtin to
nave been perfectly sane in business mat
ters, and on cross-.xamlnatlon had to ad
mit that s year before her death all her
children and prospective h.-irs
Mulvany bad signed a petition asking
her to let Mrs. < (Connor manage he
estate, as they regarded the testatrix a*
incompetent. The replies of the witness
were exceedingly reluctant.
The strongest witness for the defense
was the Hon. •;. w. Burbank. His an
•wers were clear and concise, his reasons
for thinking Mrs. Critlin sane >rood and
cross-examination failed to disturb iis
testimony ir: the lenst.
It wns the admission of Judge Fl«her
that resulted in Attorney Mullany'a
dramatic request to he sworn, he stating
-ire to declare undi r oath that he
had never yen such a petition
The defense probably will dose to-mor
row and counsel will begin their argu
ments nn Thursday morning unless
Judge AngellottJ sees tit to investigate
the charges made to-day.
LIEUTENANT ATTEMPTS
TO KILL A CIVILIAN
H. Bowie of the Fortieth Fires Point
Blank at Joseph Maggetti, Nar
rowly Missing H*m.
That H. Howie, first lieutenant of the
Fortieth Regiment is not held on a
charge of murder Is ■ piece of luck he
owes lo his unsteady aim.
Bowie was walking up Stockton street
at abcut midnight last night, when be
m.-t Joseph Maggetti, who was standing
on the corner oi Stockton and Butter
streets. The supposition is that Bowie
bumped into Maggetti and thus caused s
discussion. Anyway, hot words passed
between the two m. n. and i:..v\i, draw-
Ins bis rev. .her and aiming, with the
muzzle almost touching Maggettl's tem
ple, fired. Owing to Bowie's shaky hand
tin- snot miss. .1 its murk, snd he started
, up Btockton street, toward Bush only to
run into the arms of < >tli. .rs Helns and
Gleman. Howie nourished his revolver
! m.-nacingly at them, but on their order
; ing him to stop, be lowered his weapon
and submitted t<> arrest. He was I k< .1
,at the California street station on a
charge of attempt to murder.
Att.r seeing some of his brother officers
he refused to make any statement. The'
''•■ think the name given by the prls
oi.er is an assumed one.
UNKNOWN SUICIDE.
Stranger Takes Strychnine in a Bush-
Street Lodging-House.
The body of an unknown man was dis
covered In a lodging-house at 417 Hush
■tree! »>y the wopri.-tor. Charles Allen
about 5 o duck last evening. Close to th.
body, on ■ table, sat ■ glass containing
wl.at sppeared to be strychnine crystals*
giving evidence that the man drank tome
poisonous flui'l and destroyed his own lif,-
Ihe proprietor made s statement that
thf- man snolled for a room in h)s house
Monday morning. He did not reglstei and
was poorly dressed, in tii.- evening h.- re
tired to his r""m and 1.i.-kod !h<- door
rday morning be 'iii not arise early
but this created no suspicion and it was
not until ev.riing that the chambermaid
Emma Peckler, knock. -.1 , m th.- <],ir
again. She found it bolted and called the
proprietor. An entrance was forced and
the body of the man was found. No Cl< w
us to Ms identity has 1,.-.-n y.t discovered
From appearances the man w-i< about v.
yean of age. He wore s mixed gray coat
and overalls.
GUNST BUYS PROPERTY.
Valuable Location Secured at the Cor
ner of Powell and Geary Streets.
Mose Qunst made ■ heavy purchase in
real estate yesterday. Th.' property which
passes into his hands for a consideration
of nearly $2Q0.0n0 Is located on the -•.utli
wesi corner of Powell and Geary street*
and Is at present improved by small build
ings occupied as stores. Qunst will haw
■ feet front on Pow.-n street and 926 on
Geary str«-t. He h;is in contemplation
the construction of a magnificent building
but work will not be commenced for about
one year.
For some time tho cigar man hns been
looking for an available location on Mar
ket street. He was not successful In find
Ing property to suit his purposes and he
turned his attention to Powell street The
purchase of yesterday was made through
Thomas Magee & Sons, real estate deal
ers, and the former owner of the pronertv
was Mrs. Charlotte F. ('lark. Tin- exact
price raid for the location was JIM.SOU.
Native Sons' Convention.
Richard D. Barton. Henry Schefer L.
M. Barman. L. C. Plstolesi and Charles
E, Torres have been chosen to rawimiiii
Sequoia Parlor. N. S. (J. W. i n the con
vention for the 1900 celebration Next Mon
day this parlor will nominate Its otl'l, . m
and hold Ha election on the 4th of De
cember.
Dr. Park^r'a Cousti >.ure. one dose will stop
a cough. Never fall*. Trr It. ttc AH drusglau.*
\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HANDKERCHIEFS!
We take pleasure In Informing the public that
our IMPORTATIONS of HANDKERCHIEFS for FALL,
1899, have all been received, and we are now prepared
to show a magnificent assortment of LADIES' and
GENTS INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, In both LINEN
and SILK (all letters); LADIES' and GENTS' FINE
LINEN CAMBRIC HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS;
LADIES' SHEER LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS; LADIES' LACE TRIMMED HANDKERCHIEFS;
LADIES' EMBROIDERED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, both SCALLOPED and HEMSTITCHED; GENTS'
SILK MUFFLERS and REEFERS, both HEMSTITCHED
and PLAIN; CHILDREN'S INITIALED HEMSTITCHED
and EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, botb plain and
colored borders.
Cfin boxes LADIES' SHEER LINEN INITIALED and
OUU HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, {-Inch hem
(small letters), $1,50 box
(6 In each box'
nnn dozen ladies 1 linen cambric hemstitched
uUU HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted pure linen, In
i, ij I and 1 Inch hem,
$.2.-25 dozen
nnn dozen GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC
IUU HANDKERCHIEFS, i, 1, l and 1} Inch hem,
$2.50 dozen
1 jrn dozen GENTS' WHITE SILK HANDKERCHIEFS,
10U hemstitched and extra heavy Quality
$5.50 dozen
1 nnn boxes children's handkerchiefs, both
IUUU plain and Initialed, In very fancy boxes,
loc, 20c, 25c, 30c and 50c box
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
RAINSTORM
IS GENERAL
Los Angeles and San
Diego Favored.
Ferial r>l<-pnt<-h to The fall.
PAN I>IEGO. NOT. 21.— Tho Ftirm
reache«l this . it y this afternfKin and a
liKht rain kegan falling at o o"«lo<k.
Since then there bar* been occasional
showers and the indications are favor
able for heavy rain.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 21.— T.ie rain
which be>fan falling at 11 o'clock to-day,
has been general over tht whole of
Southern California Dp to 6 o'clock to
day .47 of an inch had fallen, makin? a
total for the season of "J. 43 Inches, fbs
present downpour is doinK Immense joid
to f.tel and ail cropa and fruits.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. BL— Rata be
gan falling here at h O'clock this morn
itiK ar.d .n random th<- predpttatloii m>.n
M uf an i<-h in the < - ity and about an
inch in the country distrtcta Reports
from the northern end of the county m\v
and inch or more.
SANTA ANA. KOT. 21 -Tho storm
reached ihe Banta Ana Valley ihi? aft>-r
noon, since tvhlcn time there lia
an almost eontlnuoui rainfall. i> .- :
half an miii has fallen and
are favorabli for ■ heavy rain during the
nlKht. The rain !)a> COOBI 111 I
time for green feed started ila m
ago and for growing winter i rops. The
outlook In t ti ; -i county su fur tl.is
ia very auspicious.
MILTON. Nov 3— OommencinK at 3
o'clock tills morning, a heavy storm da*.
prevailed here to-day, mil king the i,.tai
rainfall here a recoro-breaker up i<> this
date. The continued warm weather has
caused Ui A tO grOW rapidly, and It Is
farther advanced than at any tim.- for thi*
last Qfteen yean al thfa r the
year. Rancneri have not bssn able to
Seed their land and would be ni> r«- tt.an
pleased to have a aafßdenl amuunt of dry
weather to ««-t In tli.-ir crop.
KINOB CITT. Nov m - It commenced
rnlnitiK lure this morning, and up t.> I
o'clock 56 hundredth! of an Inchhai fallen
to-day. The wind Is from tho south an«l
w.- are having frequent showers, with
warm weather. Reports from other *.••■
tions of Bsrlnsi Valley indicate a general
rain from BsHnsi t.i Santa Margarll i
Kr.im Peach Tree, Bltterwater ami j..!,, n
we have reports of B «••...) rainfall last
nlKht. The outlook is favorable tor more
rain.
NAPA. Nov. 21.— N0 day passes without
rain falling. Last niviit t'.l of an inch
fell, makhiK the total for the season *v*
Inches. Bamc '!.it.' U9B. UQ i?
SAN JOSE, Nov. SL— The ram which n.-
gan to fall here last nijrht Increased t"
a great volume HuritiK fh.- early ho\irs U<)«
moininK. KivinK a predpltaUon of l N
Inches up tO v 0 Clock, a total f"r t!
sun of fJR Inches. Same date la;-
1.61 Inches.
STOCKTON. Nov. 21 -The ralnfnll her..
since last nlpht Wai J| of an inch ani
farmers are begfnntns to fear a surplus
of moisture, making plowing Impractica
ble and rendering it next lo Im
till adobe lands. Si>m» of the farmer- .1- .
dare that if much more rain
summer fallowed lands will give a grain
J PREBNO. Nov. 21.-To-day-s rainfall
was the heaviest of the season, ••omirr
down in t.-rreiits while It lasted Tne
precipitation was M of an Inch makine
a total t.> r the season of 14J Inchea \bout
half the grain is In and >ill th. l.md .;,n
be plowed now. The rain ruin- d the
grapes on the vines, and the wineries
have announced that they will buy no
more grapes.
OFFICERS OF Y. W. C. A.
Mrs. W. 0. Gould of This City Made
a Chairman.
MEMPHIS. Term.. Nov. 21. -The Inter
national Hoard of the WOSBSB*! and
Youjig Women 1 ! fhrlstlan Aasoclation
elected officers to-day a» foil
Mrs \V. S Stewart of Philadelphia
pr.>| ( i,nt; Mrs. X A Dorman of New
York, first vice, president; Mrs. Btuart of
Richmond. Va.. recording secretary Mrs
Johr iHinean of Louisville. Ky.. corre
sponding
following wer* among th<« I
menil • • ; to thfl council of '
«>rs Mrs '.
• chairman.. Mrs T 1: Vincent • I
\>r and Mr- .! B Th. m
Intnl. < >r
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IF A MAN
Is embarrassed with an unnatural
weakness, or suffering anil emiunKereii
with a contracted allmrnt. he should
consult America* most xkllle'l and most
ruccessful specialists— DR. MCYKItH &
Co Payment* may be m.i ' monthly or
the total cost of a cure deposited In a
hank, not to beplven toDH. MKYKKS &
C •. until a permanent cure Is effected.
im. METERS A CO. have been curlnc
and restoring mm for more than elxh-
f-r\ years. While their remedies ar*
efrectlve. they never leave any Injurious
r»-»ult».
Free consultation, at office or by mall
Sufferers who live outside of San Fran-
cl»oo should write for private book. dla«-
nosl» >i>tvt. advice, trrma nnd oth*r
particulars. ALL. LIITIKIIS CONFI-
DENTIAL.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 MAHHET ST.. 9. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
I Pally. * to 5.
HOUnS. Evenlnxs. 7 to «
I Sundays. 9 to U.
Bohemian Cbinawarc
Bargains.
It'» 'Worth Your
Coming just to See.
Great American Importing; Tea Co.
Stored Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
—^ ~r
{Transcendental tourUu and tra»- I
L *l«r« from ail over in* United 9tatM I
I •Low their %4»i>r»ciaUwa of Urn o*c»l« *
I l«nc« of Uta t
} PALACE Ana
GRAND
by n«Mnc thM* hotels th«lr b«a<l<j«»r-
* er " whlU In S*n FrancUco. Fourt»«a I
1 > nundrnJ rooms, too with t*tli*— Imsc^'l '
' *?«»?» } t Jn the world.
4 JOHN C KIItKPATRICK. Mana««r. i
»• •♦^.., ..,.......»»»
111 ill i 11111 diseases cured or no
HIIKI I I W L f»> * Vo <*«tentloa
nil II II <""» business. DK3.
IIU I I IJI I I MANSFIELD A TOU-
■»WI I Will. TERFIELD. KM Mar-
ket St.. S&a Fran**-—