VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 81.
AN ULTIMATUM SAID TO
HAVE BEEN SENT TO KRUGER
Great Britain Determined to Enforce Reforms in the
Transvaal and Seems to Be Prepared to Send
a Large Force of Troops*
♦
Eoer Military Types— Officers of State Troops and Volunteers. •
LONDON, Aug. 20.— The Peo
ple says it learns through '"a
person occupying a high offi
cial position" that Sir Alfred Mii
ner- the British Comm'ssioner in
South Africa, being convinced
the diplomatic conflict had
reached a critical stage, tolerant
endurance of which would lapse
into weakness, cabled the Gov
ernment urgently requesting au
thorization to insist upon the
Transvaal Government accepting
the terms offered by Great Brit
ain. According to this source of
information Sir Alfred Milner's
decision was in fuil accord with
the opinion and intention of the
Government, and consequently
Chamberlain dispatched an ulti
matum to President Kruger.
through Alfred Milner, based on
the terms already propounded,
namely, that of the irreducible
minimum of five years' qualifica
tion for franchise.
The People also states the War
Office is p r epared to dispatch
30,000 trooos to Cape Colony,
half coming >om India.
There is no cessation of the
war preparations on either side.
The Transvaal Government is be
ginning to move trcops to the bor
der, and the police on the fron
tier have been ordend to strictly
prohibit any cattle leaving the
country, while the treasury of the
republic is receiving large
amounts of gold beyond ordinary
requirements.
Field Marshal Lord Woisley,
commander in chief of the British
army, was in consultation at the
War Office yesterday with Gen
eral Neville Gerald Littleton, as
sistant military secretary, and
the headquarters' staff. Tenders
for an immediate supply of large
stores of forage and general
WALKER DEPARTS
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
♦:■ • + !
* LONDON, Aug. 19.— Lieutenant General Sir Frederick Walker, who *
♦ relieves General Sir William Francis Butler as commander of the British "**
*" troops in South Africa, sailed for his post to-day. He! was given an en- '<
*" thusiastic farewell by the crowds surrounding the train on which he >
♦■ was a passenger at the Waterloo station. It was stated by an army of- 4;
< ficer who is accompanying General Walker that in the event of hostili- +
4- ties in the Transvaal General Redvers Buller will take command of the +
4- fighting force. General Walker remaining at Cape Town. The officer +
♦ referred to added that General Butler's retirement from the command of +
4- the British South African forces was entirely voluntary. General +
+ Walker had frequent conferences with the officials of the War Office be-
♦ fore leaving. The previous announcement of General Walker's depar-
ture for South Africa was incorrect, as at the time in question .he had
* only left Devonport in order to come to London. _^
4-*- + 444-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-44 4-4-4 4 4- 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-" 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-
vvjccfS^i^s^- f^g
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•♦♦-♦•-♦■-♦■■♦-♦♦♦■♦-I
-♦■ ROME, Aug. 19.—1t is officially 4 ;
■♦■ announced that an Anglo-Italian ♦ j
-f agreement has been entered Into 4 j
-♦■ whereby British subjects in the ♦ ■
■«• South African republic are placed 4- ]
■♦■ under the protection anil -juris- ♦
4- diction of Italian consuls In' the -f f
♦ event of hostilities in the Trans- +■.
♦ vaal. ♦ I
.$. -t- >♦ + ♦■*. 4- ♦♦ ♦:♦: •♦••♦•■"♦ |
stores were under consideration.
Six months' supply of compressed i
forage for 10,000 horses has al
ready been sent out.
CAPE TOWN, Aug. 19.— A j
great sensation has been caused
here by a statement in the Times,
a local newspaper, that Premier
Schreiner, since the crisis as
sumed an acute phase, has al
lowed 1,000,000 rounds of car
tridges to be moved from Port
Elizabeth to Bloemfontein for use
of the Transvaal Republic. Mr.
Schreiner. in an interview held an
hour prior to the writing of this
dispatch, explained that the inci
dent was- five weeks' old. The
cartridges, he said, were the ab
solute property of the Orange
Free State, the relations of which
with England were perfectly
friendly. He said that he saw
no objection to their removal.
PRETORIA, Aug. 19.—
Pretoria Government is incensed
at the detention of munitions of
war in transit to the Transvaal
by the Portuguese authorities at
Delagoa Bay. President Kruger
and Vice President Joubert are
openly opposed to the Volks
raad's report on the dynamite
concession. It is said that the
Government was on the point of
returning a favorable reply to
England's invitation for a joint
inquiry into the Outlanders'
grievances when the news of the
Delagoa Bay episode arrived, and
the reply was in consequence
withheld.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Kruger's reply to Chamberlain,
it is said, was to have been
handed the British agent to-day,
but this was postponed until Mon
day. The Government declines
to state the nature of the reply.
SIGNS POINT TO THE
LIKELIHOOD OF WAR
LONDON, Aug. 19. — Though many
sisns point to the extreme likelihood of
war between Great Britain and the
Boers, and though troops are pouring
in the direction of the Cape, and the
British array chiefs are deep in prob
lems of preparation for possible hos
tilities, the English people as a whole
scarcely heed the portents that at an
other time would raise a whirlwind of
patriotic enthusiasm. The n
sppms completely absorbed in the Drey
fus case. As each day passes without
an answer from tho Boers to the propo
sition of Great Britain for a joint com
mission to Investigate the effect which
the franchise reform legislation would
have on the Outlanders, th^ probability
of a pacific settlement of tho difficulty
decreases. Yet, national interest, tired
of delay, flags as the tension at the
War and Colonial offices grows: If war
comes Great Britain will awake with a
tremendous start.
If the Boers surrender to the British
demands scarcely more than a ripplf
of interest will be excited, so long a?
the Rennes court-martial holds the
world under the spell of its dramatic
rf-rital. From a political point of view
a rapid and successful war against the
Boers would probably strengthen the
hands c/f the Conservative Government
more than any other outcome of the
pr^pent crisis, for the vast preponder
ance of punlir- sentiment already heart
ily indorses the course of Mr. Chamber
lain, Secretary of State for the Colo
nies, and if only the British soldiers
could me«t thfir old enemy, the Boers,
few would remain hold enough to open
ly oppose th^ morality of the war.
Many awkward questions in regard to
the Government's home policy are
pending, and perhaps It is fortunate for
the Conservative party that the exist
ing events abroad distract attention
from them. Of these home matters
none is more serious than the Church
of England problem. The Conservative
press and broad-minded clergy are beg
ging the ritualists to obey the decision
of the Archbishops against their prac
tices, but, as the Daily Graphic says:
"Now we have come to the parting of
the ways, and even before the various
iiishops have formally issued their
anti-ritualist order, prominent clergy
men have raised the flag of rebellion
and defiance. The high church party
seems hopelessly divided as to whether
to temporarily obey or to openly defy. 1
The Saturday Review to-day in an
article on Europe and Americans, sneer
ing at the proposed Anglo-American
alliance, frankly declares that it
amounts to little or nothing. "We
have," the Review says, "accepted it
almost as an axiom of sound policy that
friendly relations with the United
States is the only object worth aiming
at in the Western Hemisphere. A few
music hall ditties and after-dinner
speeches would convince us that the
object is secured and that we should
forthwith ignore all American concerns
as contemptible strife of parties."
The Review goes on to say there ir
nothing in all that. "Our future in the
west never received so severe a blow
as that dealt it by Lord Salisbury's
recognition of the right of North Amer
ican interference in South American
concerns."
JIMINEZ'S
MEN SCORE
ONE VICTORY
San Domingo Troops Sent
to the Front Defeated
by Revolutionists.
SPREAD OTFRO[BLe!
War Vessels Patrol the Coast of the
Islam to Prevenc the Would-Be
President From Landing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Aug. 19.—
The reinforcement of troops
sent to the front by the Gov
-1 ernment of Santo Domingo in the
efforts to suppress the revolu
tion have been defeated and
driven back at Monte Cristi.
The province of San Pedro
Macoris has proclaimed a revolu
tion in favor of General Juan
Isadro Jiminez. the aspirant to
the Presidency of Santo Do
mingo, with great enthusiasm.
PORTA'U PRINCE. Aug. 19. —
A revolutionary group which as
sembled between Cupey and Es
terovasa. in Santo Domingo, has
dispersed without fighting and
re-entered Haytien territory.
A thousand men- commanded
by Minister Cordero, are guard
ing Fort Belair and watching the
frontier, while war vessels are
patrolling the coast in order to
prevent a landing of Jiminez, who
aspires to the Presidency of the
Santo Domingo republic.
NEUTRALITY LAWS
ARE TO BE ENFORCED
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Secretary
! Root said this afternoon that he had
been informed of the arrest of General
Jiminez, the Dominican leader, by
i the Collector of customs at Cienfuegos.
! This action was presumably taken by
direction of General Brooke. Nothing
has been received here indicating that
; Jiminez has been released, and General
Brooke has not asked for instructions,
nor will any be given him unless he ,
specifically requests advice. The ar
rest of Jimlnezis douhtless in accord-'
lance with instructions recently sent to
! General Brooke, directing him to pre
■ vent any violation of the neutrality;
j laws of the T'nitcd States by persons
'residing In " Cuba. He was especially
directed to maintain careful surveil
lance over Jiminez, and it is presumed
I the lattt-r's arrest was ordered when
: General Brooke deemed he had suffi
cient evidence to hold him for legal pro
ceedings.
The report of his release is very sur
prising. The administration officials
are still struggling with the question of
whether the neutrality laws of this
Government can be applied to Cuba,
which is only temporarily under its con- !
trol. It is a recognized principle of in- j
ternational law that any territory un
der control of the military authorities \
shall not be made the base of military j
operations against a foreign Govern
ment with which the country exercising j
• such control is at peace.
It cannot be stated by the authorities
' what court could take cognizance of
j any violation of neutrality by Jimi
| nez or any of his associates, or what
i laws could be applied, but they are cer
! tain that this Government has ample
authority to prevent filibustering from
Cuba, and they propose to see that it is
i respected. .
GROCERS COMBINE TO
FIGHT THE TRUST;
Members of the New Organization >
Will Be Able to Buy Direct
From Manufacturers. .
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The sugar trust
and incidentally other concerns which
manufacture supplies dealt in by grocers
are to have opposition In their respective
lines.
In Newark. N. J., a New York Retail
Grocers' Association has been incorpor
ated with a capitalization of $200,000, there
being fifty incorporators, of whom forty
seven are New York grocers and the oth
er three Russell J. Williams, Bernard S.
McKcan and John S. Price. The company
has combined with the following com
panies, whose capital stock ranges from
$25,000 to $200,000 each: The Philadelphia
Grocers' Company, Altoona Grocers' Com
pany. Cleveland Grocers' Company, Mid
dletown Grocers' Company. Boston Gro
cers' Company. Syracuse Retail Grocers*
Company. Scranton Grocers' Company
and Utlca Grocers' Company. Messrs.
Williams. McKean and Price represent
the Advanced Beet Sugar Construction
Company.
Mr. McKean. in speaking of the matter,
said: "The construction company owns
an interest in the beet sugar factory In
Rome, N. V., and will erect other fac
tories for tho manufacture of beet sugar
elsewhere in New York State. Beet sugar
will be sold to stockholders of the Retail
Grocers' Association direct, thus saving
middlemen's profits. Small retail grocers 1
will also be enabled to buy other goods at
wholesale prices through • the company
whenever needed and in as small quan
tities as they may desire, which formerly
they were 'unable to do except through a
wholesale dealer." .-
—
Agnews Asylum Inquiry. 1
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.— The State
Commissioners of Lunacy will meet In
the Palace Hotel at San Francisco next
Wednesday. August 24, at 10 a. m., to
1 continue the investigation into the Ag
news Asylum scandal. The directors of
the asylum are expected to be present
and the Governor will preside. The in
vestigation was to have been continued
In the State Capitol in .this city, but Gov
ernor Gage is expected to be in San Fran
cisco in his official capacity to receive the
i trooDs returning to Sin Francisco.
SPECULATION AS TO WHETHER
DREYFUS WILL BE CONVICTED
From Rennes Comes One Story That the Court-
Martial Has Already Decided That the
Accused Captain Is Guilty*
Maitres Mornard and Demange, Counsel for Dreyfus
(From a sketch made during a session of the Court of Cassation.) <$>
RKNNES. Aug. 19.— Opinions differ!
as to what the judgment of the
Dreyfus tribunal will be. Towns
people who know well General
Germain and General Lucas of
the army corps think the decision will
be against the accused. On th»» other j
hand at the Hotel Modere. which is ,
now the great conversational news cen- .1
ter, the idea prevails of a reluctant
judgment in his favor.
The tribunal certainly shares the feel
ings of th^ military witnesses, but '
there are signs of coming around. I
noticed a member of the court-martial
watching Dreyfus to-day with an ex- '
pression of compassionate interest. :
Then, again. Colonel Jouaust. the presi
dent, did not rebuke him for apostro
phlzing Major Cuignet, who led the Dro- I
cession of military witnesses to-day.
nor order him. as he was wont to do.
not to speak until he was addressed.
Maitre Demange Is more hopeful, al- !
though acknowledging the perverse use
the Nationalists make of the Schneider
and Panizzardi telegrams to inflame
patriotic sentiment. That party now
demands the full publication of the
secret dossier so as to heap disgrace
on the military attaches and the illus
trious German Prince involved a Prince
who lived long in Paris.
I should not be surprised at a tie.
This would enable the prisoner to leave
the court a free man, but would show
that half the judges believed him 1
guilty.
The Schneider letter or telegram is i
resented by all but the Dreyfusites as
an attempt to cast odium on the French i
army. It ought to benefit the prisoner, j
but does not. Military men say it !
would set the face of the court-martial
harder against him.
The majority seem to adopt Cuignet's <
opinion. It is thought, though not ex- \
pressed, thus: That the military at- \
tat hes have behaved abominably in the
Dreyfus affair; that the French Gov- :
ernment is in possession of numerous j
specimens of Schneider's handwriting: j
that the document on which General !
Mercier relied will be a severe test and
that it has been accepted by every j
Minister of War since 1594 and been i
compared with letters written to six :
of them by Colonel Schneider.
Cuignet spoke with a hollow voice, |
quite different from that in which some j
days ago he made his virulent attack I
on Dreyfus. His attitude, however. |
was as assertive as before, though his
language was less so. He Is a fair,
sandy-haired man. with a big red mus- I
tache and a resonant, metallic voice,
good for command. He is among the
few military witnesses who have de
posed while standing.
To-day his task was to destroy the
effect of the question of Maitre De
mange and to set up again the demol- 1
ished theory of General Mercier. Cuig- |
net was In the fourth bureau of the j
general staff when Dreyfus was in an-
Other bureau there, but not under his
orders. They were both engaged in cal
culating what work invasion would
throw on the railways, but were en
gaged on different lines.
Dreyfus, he said, constantly came to
him for Information which he had no |
cause to do. Cuignet kept refusing un- |
til he was tired out hy the importunities
of the accused. Then, by degrees, he
gave him, Cuignet deposed, all the
notes he himself had made. Dreyfus,
according to the witness, never re
turned the notes. When search was
made at his home they were not found.
What had become of them? Dreyfus
was not the man to cast them away.
Cuignet's Insinuation was that they
were sent to Berlin. The conclusion
was far fetched, but the members of
the court-martial made a note of it.
Cuignet then defended Esterhazy
against Picquart and next against Dv |
Paty de Clam. He gave fresh peeps at
the secret military dossier, in which
are many ordinary letters from women,
opinions on public men and tittle-tat
tle of a spicy sort. Cuignet said he
was sorry the court had not examined
this voluminous dossier, which proved
a deal of light, sometimes crude light
"on spies of different categories, in
cluding military attaches." The latter,
he remarked, were far from oeing the
only spies regularly kept up by foreign
Governments. It was only natural, he
argued, that the military attaches
should accuse Esterhazy, but they
knew the traitor had been in the very
heart of the citadel, In the general
staff.
"The traitor," he exclaimed, "is not
♦♦♦-♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦•♦♦-♦■♦ l
♦ . .• ♦!
4 . NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— A Tri- 4
♦ bune cable from Rennes says: •♦■ !
■♦■ According to the impressions 4- 1
♦ just communicated to your cor- •♦■ ;
4- respondent from such an excep- 4- ;
■♦■ tional source as to carry with it •♦•
■♦■ ' unusual presumption of truth, ■♦■
■♦• the sentence of Dreyfus is al- 4- j
■♦■ ready decided upon. He will be ■♦-
♦ found guilty of disciplinary in- ■♦■ ;
•♦• discretions, for which he will be •♦• j
■♦■ sentenced to five years' impris- 4- :
■♦■ onment. As he has served this + ,
+ term of sentence the practical re- •♦■ '
4- suit will be that he will be set 4
4- free, and take his position in the •♦• j
•♦■ army as a captain en reforme, •♦
♦ without pay or emoluments, and ■♦■
•♦• any career in the active army . 4
+ will be closed to him. 4
♦ . ♦
+ + ♦♦♦♦-♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•■♦■,
Esterhazy, but Dreyfus." Here Cap
tain Dreyfus lost his self-control. j
Starting to his feet, he violently apos- ;
trophised Cuignet. If he had ' been a
Fish torpedo he could not have seemed
more charged with electricity. But
Cuignet did not seem stung to anger.
Cold as a toad he went on with his in
vective, the diction clear, measured
and slow. He constantly drank sweet
ened water to moisten his palate.
In speaking of Colonel Picquart. he
said nature intended him for a novelist;
that he was first rate at the construc
tion of a plot: that Gaboriau did not
touch him in this respect and that Pic- 1
quart's deduction showed "romantic in- !
vention bordering on genius."
No new fact was brought forward by ,
Cuignet, and every one was tired of ;
him. When he turned to Colonel ■
Schneider's Ems telegram, which he '
compared to another dispatch from
Ems that let loose invasion upon
France, Maitre Demange shrugged his
shoulders.
General de Boisdeffre was also a wit- 1
ness., He denied that Colonel Picquart
on the occasion of the . first Dreyfus j
trial was sent with secret papers to the
President of the court-martial. He was
a cautious witness, but he had to sup- j
port the other generals/ He eulogized
the suicide of Henry as "worthy of the
fullest confidence," and spoke of Pic- j
quart as "the organizer of the Dreyfus
agitation."
■ Boisdeffre declared himself convinced
of the guilt of the accused. Really, the
"guilty" might be . the subject of a
chorus of generals in an opera houffe.
Picquart, he accused of wishing to '
substitute a man of straw for the real
traitor. He argued in this wise: The !
three years Dreyfus spoke of on the day ;
of his degradation had passed. Pro- I
scription for the crime of treason
would, therefore, protect a man of \
straw from legal consequences. As he
was, Picquart perhaps thought, a
scamp, no great injury would be done
by throwing on him the odium that j
Dreyfus deserved. Nevertheless, he
(the witness) had learned of Picquart's j
scheme, black and abominable. "Ester
hazy now admits himself the author of
the bordereau," remarked Boisedeffre.
"but did he ever tell the truth? He lies
still, as he always has."
But why follow General Boisdeffre?
Why follow General Gonse? Why fol
CORNELY ARRAIGNS
ARRAYED GENERALS
♦ ♦
i
+. Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by"*"
+ James Gordon Bennett. ♦
"♦" PARIS, Aug. 19.— M. Comely, writing in the Figaro, says: "During +
4- the course of this sad debate the partisans of truth have often been made _.
■♦- justly indignant at seeing officers of the highest rank and former Minis- .
+ ters so down upon an unfortunate creature, whose guilt nobody has yet
4. been able to prove. There is something revolting in the spectacle of a "*"
a veritable squadron of generals of division taking advantage of the priv- **"
■\r liege of their rank to transform presumptions and impressions into un- "*
proofs, and re-enact the famous scene by which Henry, the forger, put "♦
"*" an end to the doubts of the court-martial of 1894, by crying: "There is 4
-- the traitor.' But none of us, I believe, considers these men capable of •♦•
4- maintaining their accusations in the face of violence. General Zurlinden ■+
4. himself, whose words went further than his thoughts when he said: 4.
+. 'My conviction is immovable* — Zurlinden himself must bow when
x. it is Inevitably proved to him that his conviction is based upon forgeries .
and absurd gossip."
•4-4- 4- 4-4- 4-.,4- 4- 4-.4- 4- 4- 4 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-4- 4"4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- + ♦>
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
low General Billot or the others in their
long-winded disquisitions? Colonel
Pioquart at the end was allowed to de
fend himself against the malignant In
sinuations and assertions of all.
Until Maitre Demange and Laborl
speak one should risk no opinion as to
the outcome. General Billot thinks
there will be many fluctuations before
the trial is over, but he confidently ex
pects a verdict of guilty.
The Government seems more neutral
since the Foreign Minister, M. Del
casse, returned from his visit to Count
Muravleff. EMILY CRAWFORD.
BELIEVE IN THE
GUILT OF DREYFUS
Major Cuignet and Generals de Bois
deffre and Gonse Testify
at Court-Martial.
RENNES, Aug. 13.— Xo special inci
dent occurred this morning when th*
second trial by court-martial of Cap
tain Alfred Dreyfus of the Fourteenth
Artillery, charged with treason, was re
sumed at the Lycee. The first witness
called to-day was Major Cuignet, for
merly attached to the Ministry of War.
The witness, who declared ho was con
vinced of the prisoner's guilt, wai
s-examined by M. Demange r>r
counsel for th--> d^fr-nse. who succeeds 1
in pointing out that several of hi?
statements contradicted his prerlotu
depositions.
The president of the court. Colonel
Jouaust, asked Dreyfus if he had any
thing to say, whereupon the prisoner
arose and again vehemently proto
against the denunciations leveled
against him, an innocent man. General.;
De Bolsdeffre and Gonse were als.->
witness>\-. Following i? the evidence
in detail:
Major Culgnet, th* first witness
was not in uniform, as he is not at pres
ent attached t<> any corps.
"Before bpginr.ins' an arirnint of the
special Investigations into the case which
I was ordered to m.ikf by Ministers <>f
War fmni M. < - to H. de Frey
oinrt." said the witness, "I wish to men
tion a personal fact, which, in conjunc
tion with thf> evidence already heard, will
constitute fresh proof of the prisoner's
indiscreet behavior when employed on the
headquarters staff. I was on the staff
whpn Dreyfus was a probationer, during
the 'latter half of 1893. Among other
duties. I was connected with the railroa<l
service and the mining of railroads, with
the view of Interrupting traffic in case of
need. It is hardly necessary to point out
the secret character of B«ch matters.
Dreyfus was a probationer on thf Eastern
railroad, and bad been ordered to special
ly study the mining on them, and pos
sessed information relating solely to them.
One day Dreyfus ask^d me to give him
the general scheme of mining, which t
possessed, giving as the reason for the rr
fiupst that h<* was anxious to increase his
knowledge and that it was necessary for
him to know thp general scheme in order
to properly carry out the work intrusted
to him. 1 replied that 1 did nut see th*
necessity of giving liir.i the scheme, a:i'T
that in any case he had better apply to
his own chief, Major Benin. Dreyfus pre
tended Benin would not impart any in
formation. Day after day b>- pestered irif.
so that finally, having no reason to dis
trust him. I began giving him explana
tions. Dreyfus displayed the keenest in
terest and took copious not^s. When lat
er, his house was searched these notes
were not discoverable. 1 do not know
what became of them. But it is difficult
to believe they were destroyed, consider
ing the Importance he seemed to attach
to' the information and the persistence
shown in procuring it."
After launching the above declaration,
which he apparently considered to be2
PARIS POLICE STRIVE
TO STARVE OUT GUERIN
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by Jnmes Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 10.— The situation in the Hue de Chabrol is unchanged. It
looks as if the anti-Semitic fortress was not as plentifully provisioned
.is has been reported. During the night the sound of a heavy packet
thrown from the house opposite and falling on the pavement at
tracted the attention of the police. It turned out to contain a ten
pound leg of mutton. A minute later a five-pound loaf of bread fell
Into the street. The loss of his provisions exasperated Guerin, who
opened the window and shouted: "In the nineteenth century you try to
starve people. It is disgraceful. You," he added, addressing the police
men, "you ought to have more heart than your masters and ought to give
us back our provisions. In any case I warn you that the first time my com
; panions are hungry if a Prefect of Police passes along the street we will
shoot him." ' ■ .
l understand that the garrison is also provisioned by food let down in
baskets from the roof of a house alongside. The inhabitants of the Rue
de Chabrol have complained bitterly of the state of siege. Shopkeepers
complain thai it spells ruin for them. The hotel' a few doors away has not
a single guest. . .
Nationalist Deputies continue their visits to Guerin. Negotiations, how
ever, have so far been fruitless, the only result being to increase the impor
tance of Guerin in the eyes of the public, as it creates ah Idea that be is
treating as a power to a power with the Government. In the course of the
afternoon the blockade of the fortress was rendered still, more strict. Em
ploys of the g.is company cut off the gas.
No i ii' . hot even journalists armed with special cards, is allowed to
station himself in front of the anti-Semite headquarters. The line of
municipal guards, leaning on their rifles, now surround the place. The au-
t horities examined the sowers in order to make sure that the garrison was
unable to leave by this means, and all the exits of the sewers are now
guarded by the police. Fears are expressed that if the garrison sees star
vation staring them In the face they may take a desperate resolution and
begin hostilities. • ■ '
A secret agent has denounced a plot to make away with M. Guillaume.
officer de paix. in charge of the police. The anti-Semites had planned to
isolate him from his men and in a crowd shoot him with their revolvers.
The leader in this plot, a man named Henry, was arrested in a cafe. He
carried a loaded revolver and eighteen cartridges. He denied any intention
to assassinate Gulllaume, but declared that he had decided to shoot dead the
first policeman who laid hands on him.
It has been noticed that the crowds in the vicinity of the Rue de Chahrol
have become larger and more and more threatening every day. It is impos
sible to find out their political opinions, as they utter no party cries except
an occasional shout of "Vive Guerin!" But they hoot and hiss the police
■ and Republican Guards. The supply of water has been cut off from the
house. Sewer laborers arrived at 2 o'clock this morning, and when the Re-.
publican Guards arrived at 4 o'clock they found that the sewer connection
had been walled off from the house. Guerin appeared at the window an.l
•said: "What's the use of these maneuvers? If they wish to attack us let
them do so, otherwise let us sleep in peace." The drains leading from the
house are entirely blocked up.
Signs are not wanting that the troubles are about to extend. Anarchists
have published a proclammatton in the Journal dv Peuple calling their par
tisans to demonstrate in the street, a rendezvous is fixed for 3 o'clock at
•the Place de la Republique. They have also established themselves in va
■ rious centers, so as to communicate with each other by means of the tele
phone, messengers and cycles. At. the first signal these groups are ready to
unite and march in a body. As it is feared that the garrison of "Fort
Chabrol" may escape by the sewers, a guard has been placed over all the
exits in the vicinity. In the. course of the day M. Monquen. second in com
mand of the municipal police, took charge of the operations in the Rue de
Chabrol and gave strict orders that no provisions of any sort should be al
lowed to reach the garrison. • . - . ■
weighty evidence of the treacnery or ;
is, Major Cuignet proceeded to re- |
count In detail the task which GeneTal i
Gonse assigned to him in .May. 1898. of
classifying the documents in the Dreyfus,
iz> and Picquart ca
"The first question I will ask here." said
the witness, "is. is Dreyfus guilty? My
conviction of his Kuilt is based on three
fls: First, his confession to Captain j
.ebrun-Renaud; second, the treasonable
nature of the contents of the bordereau; •
third, the results of the examination of
dossier. 1 will add to these i
three points the evides f the expert
Bertillon (laughter) as indirect proof, the
means employed by the family of Dreyfus
■ ire the prison* r's rehabilitation. I
I that a campaign has been under
taken against justice, truth and our coun
try."
The major's outburst of heroics evoked
cynical smiles nnd Indication? of dissent.
coupled with marks of assent from the
assembled p> nerals.
Tn. witness next spoke of the secret
dossier of the War Ministry, containing
information relating to the Interview be
tween M. Trarieua» former Minister of
md Count Ternlelli. the Italian
-sador. "which country." said CulgT
net, "N neflti d by the treachery."
Regarding the confessions said to have
I made to Captain Lebrun-Renaud,
the witness said he still believed they
uithentic. adding: "If people do not
■ the confessions to Captain Lebrun- |
Renaud they will believe no human testi
mony."
Continuing, the witness reasserted that
the bordereau was wriifn by Dreyfus at
.1 of August, and Incidentally the
major protested against Colonel Pic-;
quart's Insinuation against Dv Paty do i
Clam. He then returned to the secret |
dossier of the War office, from which, he |
declared, the court was sure tn draw im
portant deductions.
"The first portion of the dossier," he
paid, "shows that in 1893 there was a con
stant leakage in the Ministry of War.
We have had proofs of the plant of fort I- j
:.= reaching the hands of a foreign
It Is known to a certainty from
Ihe letter of an agent of a foreign power
thai the stolen plans emanated from the I
Ministry Of War. A vast network of es
plonage had therefore been organized
against us headed By agents belonging,
v< the same power as A (Colonel
Schwarzkoppen) 1 the Gorman military
attache, the agents <>f other powers also
■ rating."
Witness then invited the court's special
attention to this dossier, in which he said
would be found ample proof of the pris
oner's guilt.
At this stage of the proceedings Drey
fus rose ana lnt< rrupted the witness,
shouting: "That is n manifest lie."
After this the witness recited in detail j
his reasons for the belief that the agent j
supplying 'he Information was a French |
Btaff officer. He then endeavored to show
that traffic with foreign military attaches
could only have been carried on by a pro
bationer in the department occupied by
Dreyfus.
The witnrss especially referred to the
Panizzardi telegram of November 2. I*9-1. <
whi. h. h> explained, left an impression on
him that in 1a.4 Dreyfus was an old friend ,
i,t the Italian Government Another doc- j
utnent of the dossier, according to Major
Cuignet, showed beyond dispute that the]
bordereau actually passed through the
hands of colonel Schwarzkoppen. This,
to the witness, established the authentic
ity of the bordereau, and examination of
which, he pointed out. proved Schwarz
koppen and Paniszardl had the closest
relations in all matters of espionage.
Referring nexl to the dispatch of Colo
nel Schneider, former Austrian military
GRAPE-NUTS.
FOUR POUNDS OF FLESH
From One Pound of Food.
The statement Is made that one
pound of Grape-Nuts will supply, more
nourishment (that the system will ab-
eorb), than 10 lbs. of meat, wheat, |
or oats.
A man protested that the claim was
extravagant, but upon trial it was
found that by leaving off meat alto- j
gether at breakfast and lunch, and tak- !
ing in its place 4 heaping teaspoons j
of Grape-Xuts began to gain . flesh '
and strength and before the full pound '
package Tfaa gone had gained 4 lbs.
In weight, whereas he had been losing
on his meat diet.
How could he gain 4 lbs. and only
eat 1 lb. Grape-Nuts? Remember the 4
teaspoons of Grape-Nuts are but a
portion of the meal, but they furnish
the pie-digested and easily assimilated
part and help digest other foods, assist-
ing nature in building In water (75 per
cent of all flesh.) In other words
Grape-Nuts furnish the workers or the
active elements of food in the most
perfect condition for nature to make
use of.
Grocers furnish Grape-Nuts at 15
cents per package.
Made by Postum Cereal Co., Ltd.,
Battle Creek, Mich. : j ? . ' y ; V
attache of Paris, denouncing as a forgery
a letter purporting to have been written
by the attache, in which he was repre- i
sented as referring to efforts being made
by Schwarzkoppen and Panusardl to eon- ;
ceal their relations with Dreyfus, witness
maintained, that General Mercier's state- !
merits on the subject were correct and
that the authenticity of the letter had |
be  proved. The intelligence depart- I
ment, he added, had other documents
from the same attache in its possession. !
Major Culgnet pointed nut that the I
Schneider document was included in the !
dossier and that M. Channine, who had I
the secret dossier In his charge, had
shown it to the court in behalf of the
Minister of War. Therefore, witness
claimed, Colonel Schneider's contradiction
was really addressed to the French Gov
ernment." (Sensation.)
"Besides," added Culgnet. "I wish to
point out that the attache issuing the de
nial is a person of somewhat less conse
quence than his allies. It is therefore
possible that this denial was imposed up- j
on him." (Renewed sensation).
The witness dwelt admiringly on the i
conclusions of M. Bertillon that Kst^rhazy
had learned to Imitate tho handwriting of
the bordereau after Its publication In the j
Matin.
He then reviewed the police reports on
Dreyfus. Replying to a question of the
court, Ciiienet described the circum
stances of the discovery of the Henry for- j
geTy, and how it was that the proba-
Boners did not participate, in the maneuv
ers of 1894. although they had long be
lieved they would attend.
Major Carriere, the Government's com
missary, at this Juncture said he thought |
it desirable to remark us the representa- !
live of tha Government that he must not '
be understood to indorse all Major Cuip
net had said with "reference to a foreign j
military efflcer who at the present mo
ment held a diplomatic appointment In
France." (Sensation).
Replying to M. Demange, Major Culg
net insisted that if Henry committed for
jr< ry "it was in the Interests of the I
country." To this statement, counsel re
torted, "you did not say that to the Court
of Cassation."
At the request of M. Demange the ma-
Jofs deposition before the Court of Cas
sation relating to Henry's motives and
De Clam's share In the preparation of the
forgery was read. It showed that Cuigntt
emphatically declared before the Court
of Cassation that he was convinced an
investigation would easily show that De
Clam was the principal author, of the
Henry forgery.
Witness claimed that he thought he was
doing his duty "in saying all that was In
my mind."
"Do you adhere " asked counsel, "to a.l
you have said before the Court of Cassa
tion?"
The question greatly confused the wit
ness, who attempted to explain by saying
he was "only arguing at that tirm; and
that it was not for him to judge Paty de
Ciam."
M. Demange pointed out that In spite
of the many arguments Major Culgnet
had advanced against De Clam, the mili
tary judge, Tavenler, threw out the case.
"Now. 1 added M. Demange, "Majci
Cuignet has advanced as much against
Dreyfus. The court will be able to appre
ciate the value of his arguments."
counsel then asked why Culgnet had
employed the expression "report" to de
' scribe the Schneider letter, and the wit
ness replied that he was justified In doing
I so. owing to the similarity of the expres
sions in it with the terms usually era
ploved in reports.
M. Demange pointed out that the docu
■ ment included in the dossier contained the
word "report."
"Dees the original," he asked, "contain
, this word?"
"No," replied the witness.
Replying further, Culgnet said the docu
ment also referred to the campaign in fa
vor of Dreyfus and to orders sent to
; Brussels, the headquarters of the osploti
! a S (i system.
M. Demange— The paper handed In by
General Mtrc'er is therefore only an ex
tract.
The witness next gave his idea as to
how Dreyfus might have secured plans
of the fortress. But counsel pointed
to Dv Paty de Clam's report at the time
of the arrest of Dreyfus, in which he de
■ dared that no document had disappeared
or could have disappeared from the Min
istry of War.
When Dreyfus was asked if he wished
!to reply to this witness he declared he
had neve* asked Major Cuignet for dOcu
; nients except by the desire of hla chle!,
i Major Bertln.
"All the details which Major Cui^net
! has given on this subject, " said the pris
-1 oner, "sprang out of his own Imagination.
! and arc- due to the same state of mind
which prompts unreasoning bitterness
1 even against an innocent man."
[ Amid a buzz of excitement the name of
j Major dv Paty do Clam was called out,
I whe-reupon Major Carriere said De Clam
; had been officially Informed that his pfes
I once was necessary to the court-martial
1 and It Was hoped he would be able to come
j «s soon as possible, but the Government
commissary had henrd nothing from him
since this notification was sent.
At the request of M. Demange It was
decided to notify De Clum that the court
mnrtial was rendy to hear his deposition
There was a further thrill of curiosity
when General de Bolsdeffro, formeily
chief of the. general staff of the French
army, advanced to the witness box and
took the customary oath to tell the truth
The general remarked that in view of the
exhaustive evidence already given he
would try to be brief. He hurriedly re
viewed the leakage In the Ministry of
War. the discovery of the bordereau" the
arrest and the trial of Dreyfus and the
latter's alleged confessions before the
1 ceremony of degradation to Captain Le
THE SAN FHAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20. 189,9.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN NEARING
THE PORT OF SAN FRANCISCO
FOUR more days and the California boys will be within a few hours' steaming of Ban Francisco. The Aztec,
which reached port yesterday, came over the medium course, which the Sherman is supposed to be following,
and she reports fine weather all the way. In that event the transport should be safely in port, next Thurs
day night.
United States Nautical Expert J. T. McMillan calculates that at noon yesterday the Sherman was in
latitude 4<) degrees 50 minutes north, longitude 156 degrees 30 minutes west, and should therefore have been
about 1600 nautical miles from home. At the rate she has been traveling that would bring her to the Farallonea
nt noon on Thursday next. •
brun-Renaud. Witness said he believed i
tli. confessions were genuine. Ho next, i
referred to Colonel Plcquart's appearance
in the Intelligence Department, although
the witness had hesitated to appoint him.
because ho thought Plcquart-tQO self-con- i
fident and n<>t sufficiently deferential to
ward his chiefs, <
"It has been said." continued Genera!
de BoisdeSre. "that a secret package of 1
papers was shown to the judges of the
court-martial of' 1E94. I positively assert I
that so far as I am concerned 1 never or- I
dered Colonel Picquart to- convey .any en- i
velojM to Colonel Maurel. I may add that ! ]
Colonel Picquart never doubted the *:mlt >
of Dreyfus and never even expressed |
doubts of his guilt when lie took over the
duties of Chief of the intelligence Depart
ment. I
"The first instructions I gave him were 1
to follow up the Dreyfus affair and it Is
well known what was the result of those
instructions."
Tlie general next described the interview '
between himself and Colonel Picquart, I;
whtn the latter lirst mentioned Eeterhazy, ■
Without, however, connecting him with
the Dreyfus affair. Witness discredited
Colonel Picquart'a statement that the latr ■
ter asked him (witness* not to .mention
the investigation to General Gonse.
"General Gonse," said !>•> Boisdeffre,
"is a friend of thirty years" standing. I
have always had the greatest confidence
in him and certainly should not have en
tertained an Idea to leave him in ignor- I
■t" what was occurring."
General de Boisdeffre, whose evidence
was attentively followed, especially by c
thf> members of the court-martial, then
related the incidents of his interview with
Picquart, how hu sent Picquart to see
Genera] Gonse and General Gonse'a sub
sequent letter to the witness advising a
continuance of the Investigation regarding
Esterhaxy, bui adding that the affair
must not be mixed up with the Dreyfus
affair. As Colonel Picquart persisted in
trying to hurry matters and was neglects
iiiK his other duties, the witness proposed
to the Minister of War to send him not
in disgrace to a mission to Tonklng, but
the Minister of War. the general asserted,
found another mission f.ir him.
everything, the general added, went
quietly for a year, until M. Schuer'er-
Kestner Intervened. This was followed
by the denunciation of Bsterhazy by Mat
thlf-u Dreyfus. an>l the Inquiry into Kstor
ha7.y's< proceedings
"At that time," the witness said. "I was
convinced of the Kuilt of Dreyfus, and
this conviction Is as strong to-day hs
I ever. (Sensation.)
"I regard it as an abominable crime to
have endeavored to substitute for him
a man of straw, however disreputable he
may have been and whatever his offenses,
which, in any case, would not lessen the
guilt of Dreyfus. My conviction is the
i same as at the commencement of the af
j f-alr. Esterhazy. it is true, to a certain
psycological and well-chosen moment,
I confessed to .have written the bordereau,
I but he has made many other statements.
He is always telling lies. What is cer- ;
tain is that he could never have delivered
| the documents enumerated in the bor
dereau."
Then the witness briefly referred to the
trial and acquittal of Bsterhazy and th»
! latter's threats to proclaim himself a tool
of the genera! staff, after which the gen
eral alluded to the Henry forgery and M.
Cavaignac's Interrogations of Henry.
"You know the result." said he. appar
! ently much moved. "I will not tell you
! what I suffered at that moment. As soon
■ as everything was ended, 1 tendered my
resignation, iiut was asked to withdraw
I it. I was told everyone could make a
mistake, but I replied that while
everyone was liable to error, every
one had not the misfortune as I had
Ito assert to a jury that a document
was genttine when in reality it was
forged; that everyone ought to stand I . v
ones word and that when a man hap
pened to experience such a misfortune
i there was nothing left for him but to go
j away, and from that moment 1 have held
I aloof." Sensation.)
Replying to tho court. General de BoiS
i deffre admitted that the leakage at mil
itary headquarters continued after the |
condemnation of Dreyfus. It ceased for &
; year, but in ]#•." a paper was discovered
proving the communication to a foreign
j government of a document relating to the
[distribution of the artillery and showing;
! that a foreign government was perfectly
| acquainted with the changes made.
Answering a question put by a member
of the court-martial relative to the con- |
Hid ing testimony of General Mercler, the
former Minister of War, and M. Casimir-
Perier. formerly President of the French
republic, witness replied that he certainly
had up. interview with General Mercler
early In January, during the course of
which Mefeler remarked in regard to the
representations of a foreign Ambassador
to the President of the republic. "It is not'
(going to happen this -time, either. You 1
can sl^en in peace. The incident has been
settled.
De BoiFdeffre declared he was no less
certain of what had been said in regard |
to the confessions pf Captaia Luebrun-Cte- i
ii.i'i'l. The gener.il was also perfectly cer
taln the incident at the Klysee did not oc. j
cur January 5, 1895. It was, he said, the i
6th or 7th.
"What is certain," added he, "is that
when it occurred f remained personally at
the Ministry of War."
M. Demange referred to General Roget' S
deposition to the effect that Dreyfus was
certainly Intelligent, but that hf woiiid '■
not hnvf- wished to ccc him on the head- j
! quarters staff, and asked the witness' j
opinion on the subject. The general an- i
' swered: "I can only express the same '
I opinion as General Ropet."
M. Demange— Was not Esterhazy, with
your knowledge, assisted at the court of
inquiry by Major Dv Paty de Clam, who
I gave him advice?
De Boisdeffre— l am absolutely not aware
! of it.
Colonel Jounust, president of the court
■ martial, put the usual questions to the I
j prisoner, who replied: "1 have nothing to
say to General de Boisdeffre," and re
sumed his seat.
After a brief suspension of the sitting
of the court General Gonse. who was |
under-chief of the general staff, was
called to the witness stand. He explained <
| the motives which influenced his actions j
I during the past few years, and said he j
believed he was "animated by the loftiest
: Minis, namely, the protection of the army i
I against the criminal attacks made on it j
i from all i-id. s."
In this connection General Gonse dwelt i
! on the danger to France of the "system of !
espionage so cleverly organized ugainst j
I her by foreigners," and said that in spite ;
' of Esterhazy's statement It was impos
: slhle for him to have written the bor- ]
: dereau, and still more Impossible for him
! to have secured the information contained
therein. He added that there were no ;
traces of Indiscretion discovered during I
I the investigation against Esterhazy. Con- ;
tlnulng, the witness deplored the fact that
i the court-martial of 1594 was held behind !
! closed doors, addiuf: "I regard it as a j
i great misfortune. The witnesses cer
tainly said a great (Wai more at the secret !
i trial than they would have done at a pub- j
1 lie trial. But the Judges had a better op- !
portunity of forming an opinion, even !
though the public might maintain doubts, i
! I deplore It keenly."
General Gonse denied that Esterhazy i
j had received money from the Intelligence i
Department, and, describing the "strange j
behavior" of Dreyfus and his "frequent
! acts of indiscretion." the witness begged
tho court to summon the secretary- or the
Ministry of War who surprised the pris- j
oner prying in the offices at a time when j
there was no business going on. The Gen
eral defended M. Gueree and referred to
the spy as an "honorable man" whose
nanie he could not give, as having fur
nlshed military headquarters with valu
able int..! iiiation.
Colonel Jouaust asked, "Is he in receipt
of regular monthly pay?"
General Gonst — He was paid when he
brou m( Information.
Major Carriere— We • have here two dif
f- rein versions.
Genera! (Juiise— l mean to say that as
he watched others he was paid his ex
penses, as we ilid not want him to be out
nf pocket.
After the witness had asserted that
while the name of Dreyfus was often
mentioned in the documents in the pos
session of the Intelligence department
his innocence was nowhere hinted at.
the general then proceeded to defend
Dv Paty <le Clam from the Insinuations
of Colonel Picquart and corroborated
Genera] Mercier's evidence in regard to
the alleged confessions made to Captain
Lebrun-Henaud. Witness learned, how
ever, that Captain I,ebrun-Renaud, "in
timidated by the censure of M. Casimir
i'i rier," did not dare to repeat those con
fessions and gavj only an incomplete ac
count of the occurrences at the time of
the prisoner's degradation. There was no
truth, the witness said, in Colonel I'lc
quarts statements in regard to his (Gen
eral Oonse's) excitement January 5. The
general said he learned of the. ESmbassa
dor's action January ti. The general de
nied other statements made by Picquart
and referred to the alleged number of «r
--rests ordered by Picquart on "unfounded
charges of espionage."
Considerable comment was aroused by
the fact that, contrary to the provisions
of the law requiring the testimony to be
Vi i I'll and without notes. General Gonse,
adjusting his eyeglasses, proceeded to
consult a large notebook and frequently
refr< shed his memory.
.Dealing with the Henry forgery General
Gonse said: "I can say it was already
known. General Roget spoke to me about
it at least eight days before Henry con
i'iss. a." (Sensation, i
One of the court asked if the witness
knew that a document relating to the
conveying of troops was tor twenty-four
hours" in the hands of the prisoner, and
if he knew that Imaginary sketches exe
cuted by the prisoner had been delivered
abroad.
General Gonse— l could not give a posi
tive answer to that question.
■ "Are there proofs that the documents
mentioned in the bordereau were deliv
ered abroad?"
"There were no direct proofs, but their
dispatch was certainly announced."
Proceeding, witness disputed Magistrate
Brrtulus' account of the interview with
Henry, but added that when he (Gonse)
handed Henry his forgery, the latter in
sisted that it must not be shown to Plc
quart. (Sensation. )
Replying to M. uemange. witness ad
mitted he had ordered Colonel Picquart
n.it to concern himself with the handwrit
ing of the bordereau when he commenced
his investigations of Esterhazy.
"Then," asked M. Demange sharply,
"when you saw his handwritings were
Identical with the writing of the bor
dereau that made no impression on your
"Evidently," replied the witness, "the
handwritings had great resemblance."
M. Demange- The "honorable" person
already referred to was not in receipt of
pay. you Bald just now?
Gonse— The person was not an agent.
He, indeed, wished to procure us inform
ation in and out of Europe, but he con
cerned himself with agents and his ex
penses were paid.
M Demange— Do you regard this pcisor
Oonse— He only supplied information.
M. Demange -Did you not say that ihls
person had been proposed for the cross
of the Legion of Honor, and that if he
was not decorated it was because some
one had intervened to prevent it?
Gonse— l never heard of it.
Demange— Very good.
When Dreyfus was asked the regc.lar
question he said: "I will reply
direct to the secretary of the
Ministry of War, who said he
saw me in the offices after hours. As
regards General Gonse, I am surprised
that the general officer repeats dinner ta
ble gossip.. There is known to be Insur
mountable difficulty in introducing any
one into the Ministry of War, and it is
absolutely impossible for an officer to
bring any one into the Ministry."
To this the general replied:, "No doubt
it is difficult."
Colonel Jouaust— No doubt it is diffi
cult, but it is not impossible. The Bflnls-
I try can be entered easily enough at cer
tain hours. Dreyfus was in a position to
know that. (Sensation.)
The prisoner— l will reply to Secretary
! Kerrel, who lias told 8 lie. AVhat I haw
' to Bay tv Genera] Qonve is that every time
a friend came to see me at the Ministry.
• \> ii when a French officer. I was obliged
to descend to the floor below, and even
! members of the Chamber of Deputies
who called on me could not enter the Min
j istry. It was consequently absolutely im
possible under ordinary circumstances for
j a subaltern to bring any one Into the Min
j istry.
General Gonse declared that permits
could easily be obtained.
At this point Colonel Picquart re-entered
I the witness box In order to reply to al
legations ns to the way he performed his
duties. He denied a number of General
| Gonsc.'s statements regarding the arrests
I the witness ordered.
j Colonel Picquart also described the ex
traordinary methods of Investigation em
ployed in the Intelligence Department by
his predecessor.
Counsel for the defense, after emphasiz
ing the fact that even in the opinion of
General de Boisdeffre there wa* a con
nection between the Esterhazy and Drey
fus affairs, asked the president of the
court to request Colonel Picquart to give
I information regarding the 100,000 francs
said to have been expended for the sur
veillance of Ksterhazy.
Picquart explained how expenditures
were regulated in the Intelligence depart
! ment. While witness was chief of the
: department General Billot, then Minister
j of War. thought it necessary to make a
fr^sh distribution of the amounts of the
i secret service funds available at the dif
ferent offices, and the funds in the wit
ness' department were diminished by 80
--i 000 francs monthly. At this moment Plc
! quart said negotiation* of great import
j ajice were in progress and an e.xtraordl
: nary expenditure had been arranged be
! forehand.
; "This decrease In the funds," continued
, Picquart, "did not prevent me from pur
suirig the extremely interesting questions
upon which I was engaged. I made a
memorandum. In which I asked for a sup
j plementary grant, and 100,000 francs were
. given me. When the 100.000 francs was re
ceived General Billot made another re
: distribution. In no case no extraordinary
expenditure was made in connection with
j the Esterhazy inquiry. There could not
; be an inquiry costing less.
"In a note sent to the Minister of Jus
tice in IS'je it was set forth that I em
! ployed as official agents the private de
i tectives of the Inquiry bureau. I only
. employed a single official agent. What
j led to the belief that I employed private
j agencies was the fact that this agrent
I styled himself a 'business agent' on one
I on his cards, and this was included In the
dossier of the Esterhazy affair."
When Picquart had finished speaking
General Billot Jumped up and asked leave
to speak.
"Picquart," the general called sharply
to the officer, who had just left the stand,
"will you come back?" (Sensation.)
"Certainly," replied Picquart.
General Billot then said: "I am very
pleased that Colonel Picquart has raised
tha question of the secret funds; which •
I had already brought before the Court!
of Cassation. The secret funds are secret :
funds, and I should, if I respected the
purpose for which they are assigned, say !
nothing about them. I will endeavor to
say nothing which should remain secret.
The secret funds are placed at the dispo
sition of the Minister of War for the ser
vice of the state, and the Minister has
only to account for them to the President
of the republic. The President controls
and gives his discharge for the secret \
fund. Colonel Picquart received from the j
chief of the general staff tho funds as-
Signed to his department. He could dis
pose of them as he liked, but this the
Minister decides, and with regard to the j
requirement of the service. This distrl- i
button was with the approval Of the Presi- j
dent from the secret funds at his disposal. I
I distributed these f unals . as they have
been distributed for thirty years, before
my advent to power, by all the Ministers of
War. The sum of 3L\<*X) francs monthly
was allowed the chief of the general staff
of the Intelligence department. When th^
credit of 100,000 francs was asked for It '
was for the service of the general staff,
and not for the intelligence department, i
as Colonel Picquart believes. It was
asked for on the report of General de
Boisdeffre (then : chief of the general
staff), and not the report of Colonel Pic- I
quart, for the general service of the se
cret war funds.
"These funds were expended, as Colonel
Picquart stated, SOOO francs by myself,
and, as General Roget said, 20,000 francs
in ISM and 20,000 francs in 1897 by General
Gonse. The remainder was placed at the
disposal of my successor, M- de Freycinet,
who had this sum liquidates by President
Loubet. I will not say another word, but
I must deal with the perfidious insinua
tion made to the Court of Cassation;
which Is calculated to deal ;i blow to the
delicacy, fidelity and honor of the Minis
ter of War."
This statement caused applauso in tne
rear of the court, but Colonel Jouaust cut
the demonstrations short by announcing
adjournment until Monday.
KAISER IS NEUTRAL
IN DREYFUS CASE
BERLIN, Aug. 19.-The second trial by
court-martial of Captain Dreyfus at Ren
nos excited much comment hire this week,
especially the attempt on the life of M.
J,abori and General Mercier's so-called
denouncements. The latter art; not taken
seriously. His statement that Germany j
Was on the point of declaring war with
France in 1594 is ridiculed. The whole
German press IS united on this point. 'The
extreme step which Germany would have i
taken then if President Caslmir-Perler
had not put a stop to the violent attacks ;
on the German embassy would ha-ve been
to send Count yon Minister Ledenburg,
the German Embassador at. Paris, on ,i |
long leave of absence. In no case would i
tho relations of the two Governments j
have assumed a threatening aspect.
The Tageblatt calls General Mercier's
revelations preposterous, and the Frank
fort Zeitung says General Mercier's talk
about Germany meaning war In January,
1H95, has excited only hilarity throughout
Germany.
The Cologne Gazette, calling the present
state, of the French mind "a species of
dementia," says nobody in Germany lakes
General Mercler seriously.
While the energy of the French Govern
ment is generally commented nn favor
ably, doubts are expressed us to whether
it Ik strong enough to overcome the dis
affection in the army.
Emperor William, on receiving the news
of the attempt on the life of M. Labori, |
during the ceremony <>f unveiling the
monument to his grandfather at Arolsen I
on Monday, used strong language in de
nouncing the deed. He said the crime was
evidently part of a regular plot. His
Majesty has kept himself minutely in
formed of the incidents of the trial at
Hcnnes.
The correspondent here of the Associated
Frc«s heard that a proposition, first made i
In the English press and also taken up
by a number of the papers here, for the j
publication of some documents in the
hands of the German Government, calcu
lated to exculpate Dreyfus beyond all
doubt, was seriously broached to the Em
peror find lengthily discussed. Rut he
finally concluded that this would not do
and that he must adhere strictly to vis
system of absolute non-interference. Later
several of the inspired papers expressed j
the same opinion.
PANIZZARDI HAS
THE MADAGASCAR NOTE
VIENNA, Aug. 19.— The Allegemeine
Zeitung says: Colonel Panizzardi,
former military attache of the Italian
embassy at Paris, has the identical note
on Madagascar which is specified in the
bordereau in the Dreyfus affair. It is
in Esterhazy's handwriting and the
paper is similar to that of the bor
dereau.
It was sent to Colonel Sehwarzkop
pen, military attache of the German
embassy, who had it copied. The copy
was sent to Berlin and the original to
Colonel Panizzardi that he might have
a copy. This he did. but he forgot to
return the original to his brother at
tache.
AUSTRIA MAY TAKE
A HAND IN THE GAME
LONDON, Aug. 19.— The Observer
publishes the following dispatch from
Vienna: It is probable that a formal
contradiction of the statements of the
French generals at Rennes regarding
the Schneider letter will be communi
cated to the French Government with
a request that the generals in question
publicly withdraw them.
Such action by Austria-Hungary
•would break the ice for the German and
Italian governments.
MERCIER AND ROGET
MAY BE ARRESTED
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— A Sun cable
from Paris says: It is stated that the
Government will cause the arrest of
General Merrier and General Roeret on
the charge of making use of forged
documents in their evidence in the
Rennes court-martial. The report has
caused great excitement.
ABANDONED
VESSEL OFF
VANCOUVER
She Floated Out of the Fog
and Back Into It Like
a Specter.
AN OCEAN MYSTERY
Salvage Parties Could Not Get
Near Enough to Ascertain the
Name of the Barkentine.
Special Dlppatoh to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 19.— According
to a story brought, by the steamer Will
apa, which runs along the west coast of
Vancouver Island, another disaster has
in all probability occurred in that oceans
graveyard where so many wrecks have
taken place. The story as given to the
Willapa'B officers by the residents of
Clayoquot tells of a wandering derelict
barkentine, which came from the smother
that enveloped the Pacific, swung about
among the reefs off Clayoquot Sound,
with— according to the belief of the resi
dents of Clayoquot— not a soul on board,
and then, when small boats hurriedly
formed salvage expeditions and went out
to her. drifted with an off-shore wind fill
ing her canvas, back into V*>± fog and was
swallowed up, as was the famous phan
tom ship of Captain Vanderdecken.
This was the strange story which all
Clayoquot was talking of when the steam
er wiilapa reached there. According to
her officers, salvage expeditions galore
were being promoted, but as, until the ar
rival of the Wiilapa, the only available
craft with which to salve the derelict
were small boats, the would-be expedi
tions were handicapped.
It was on Sunday last, according to the
story told by the Willapa's officers, that
the barkentine was first seen. She came
out of the fog and drifted in past the
reef, well in shore. She stood right In off
the land and at one time was inside the
breakers off Vangos Island, and had not
the wind shifted she would have then
gone on the rocks. She was blown off a
few miles, however, by a shift of the
wind. Her foretop-gallantmast and miz
zentopmast were gone. Her lower top
sails %vere set, also her mainsail spanker
and three jibs. The foresail was clewed
up but not furled. One man is positive
that her foretopmast was gone, but if her
headsails were set this, of course, would
be impossible. All are agreed on one
point, however, and that is that the bark
entine was evidently abandoned, not a
sign of life being seen anywhere aboard
her.
Numbers of white men went out to her
in boats and many Indians in canoes. The
boats got within a mile of the mysteri
ous stranger and their occupants declare
that everything about the vessel bore evi
dence to the fact that she was deserted.
There was no one at the wheel, the bar
kentine continually Hying up in the wind
and then paying off again as her Jibs
filled. The davits were plainly discerned,
bul . o boats hung from them.
Before the men in the boat could ap
proach any nearer the fog came down,
again like a curtain and it was with con
siderable difficulty that the white men
and 'ndisns regained the shore. Heavy
fo«,' hns prevailed along the west coast for
several days past, so much so as to make
a .-(arch for the supposed derelict very
difficult and hazardous.
The fete of her crew, presuming that
they have left her. can only be guessed
at. but there is every reason to hope that
they v.ill have landed safely at some
point along the coast, as the weather has
been tsir lately with the exception of the
fog. She was a small vessel, a barken
tine, with three masts, square-rigged on
the foremast— a vessel of about 400 or 500
tons.
The only vessels answering- to the de
scription 'that fire in any likelihood of
being in that vicinity so far as known
here are the following: The American
bark ntir.e Katie Flickinger. which left
Pisaguna on June o for this port, and the
American barkentine Leslie I>. which left
San Pedro on July IS for Port Blakeley.
Opinions differ as to whether the bar
kentine was heavily loaded or water
logged. Up t" date she is a marine mys
tery and further news of her will be
eagerly awaited.
RAILWAY PROJECTORS
READY TO PROCEED
Company Will Organize To-Day to
Build the Stockton-Sacra
mento Line.
STOCKTON*, Aug. 19.— The projectors of
the new railroad to Sacramento will con
vene to-morrow, effect temporary organ
ization and take measures to put the pre
liminary work under way. Those inter
ested are anxious that it be distinctly
j understood that the company is working
i upon a strictly independent enterprise.
i They claim the Santa Ke denials recently
were unnecessary, as it was never intend
ed to give out the impression that linan
cial aid was expected front 1 that source.
On the other hand, it is conceded the
company does not undertake to continue
as .m independent line if some purchaser
comes along prepared to talk business.
In this connection it is declared the pur
' chaser must agree to conditions which
j are favorable to shippers.
A definite announcement of the com
pany's plans may be given out next week,
hut it is known enotich capital bus been
pledged to carry the line a sufficient num
ber of miles to float bonds upon and carry
it to its destination. The surveying party
is preparing to take tho field.
LABORI'S CONDITION
CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
RENNES, Aug. 19.— This afternoon
Maitre Labori was abio to take a walk
in the garden and to attend to import
ant business, but he received only
Colonel Picquart. His general condi
tion continues satisfactory.
TTnion High School Voted For.
TRI'CKEE, Aug. 19.— The Truckee. Boca
and Overton school districts voted to-day
on the proposition to establish a union
high school. In each district it carried by
a practically unanimous vote. The high
school district comprises the entire east
ern portion of Nevada County. This will
be the first high school established in Ne
vada County under the present law.
Buried Where He Was Killed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 19. -Andrew |
Walsh, a young marl who has lived here
since his boyhood, was killed by a South
ern Pacific train near Sweetwater last I
night. His body was horribly mangled
and interment took place beside the track
where the accident occurred. Young
Walsh was a son of the former proprie
tor of the Sixth Avenue Hotel in this city.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan, 101Mn23 Mission.
4 'Hotter is Purchased
by Deeds We Do* "
'Deeds, not words, count in battles of
peace as well as in war. It is not what
we say, but what Hood's Sarsaparilla.
does, that tells the story of Hs merit. It has
ivon many remarkable 'victories over the
arch enemy of mankind — impure blood.
Be sure to get only Hood's, because
T&JSCELLANEOVS.
taffsufF
wassaved
Bis Tonsils Were Inflamed
and Enlarged So That
His Throat Was Com 3
pletely Closed.
F. B. Taff Neither Ate Nor
Swallowed for Three Days,
and Death Seemed In-
evitable.
Lost 15 Pounds in Ten Days — Was
Miraculously Cured in Four Days
by Dr. Aboro.
A remarkable cure of quinsy waa ef-
fected by Dr. Aborn, the specialist in the
treatment of throat and lung diseases, at
554 Sutter street. The case was that of F.
B. Taff, whose statement la made in tha
following sworn affidavit:
F. B. Taff, being duly sworn, deposes
and Bays:
I was afflicted with a gpvererase of quin-
sy, to such an extent that my life wa3
jeopardized, and I lost fifteen pounds of
flesh In ten days, and for three days he-
fore applying to Dr. Aborn 1 could neither
eat, drink nor swallow.
The inflammation was so great that I
suffered the most excruciating pain in my
throat, ears and head.
I was at Pendleton, Or., at the time, and
at once sought the best medical aid I
could obtain there, but I continually grew
worse instead of better under the treat-
j ment, and as it was a matter of life and
death in a short time I immediately took
the train to consult Dr. Aborn. who I
heard was the most successful physician
in the United States for the treatment of
such troubles.
I. went direct to Dr. Aborn's office. Al-
though scarcely able to speak above a
' whisper I explained to the doctor how I
I w;is .-ifllicteci, and upon examination of my
I throat he pronounced it "Quinsy in the
most aggravated form," both tonsils be-
ing so inflamed and swollen that my
throat was completely closed up. so that
I could neither tat nor swallow. Th>? doc-
| tor said, notwithstanding my dangerous
condition, that he could relieve me in
forty-eight hours, and I at once submitted
myself to his treatment, and without cut-
ting, scarifying, cauterizing or burning ha
I gave me instant relief, as though by mag-
I ie, and in forty-eight hours I was so. coin-
! pletely cured that 1 could eat, drink and
breathe as well as I ever could, and now,
this being the fourth day. I am completely
cured without being subjected to any
harsh or painful treatment whatever, and
with a cheerful and grateful heart I take
pleasure in commending Dr. Aborn to the
■ public a? a most successful and skillful
physician, fur without his services 1 am
satistii'il th;it 1 could not have lived an-
other forty-^iglit hours. V. B. TAFF.
Subscribed nnd sworn to before me.
(Seal) <•■ F. PFLUGER,
Notary Public.
r. S.— Attention is called to thp fart that n
■was "Qute«y" tliat killed General George
' "Washington, the father of our country. Its
| effect 6 are usually sudden and decisive, and
> life does not wei^h long within its relentless
grip if Immediate relic? in not obtained.
The afflicted from all parts of California
and the Pacinc Coast are r-oming daily to
San Francisco to avail themselves of r>r.
Aborn's wonderfully successful treat-
Ule DR. ABORN, 554 SITTER STREET.
Has devoted over thirty years to the
study and treatment of diseases of the
eye ear, head, throat and lungs and the
! digestive nrpar.s. By hi? peculiarly sue-
! cessful methods of treatment Dr. Aborn
has gained an enviable reputation for his
■ skill in the cure of such cases as have
resist til the ordinary modes of treatment.
«cnni(iiT «»'." -<^..»««M.-»v.r^
NO CHANCE
FOR ARGUMENT
there will be when you compare our
laundry work with " that done any-
where else in this town. We strive
to excel and not to rival, and we do it.
Shirts, collars and cuffs are done up
in a manner that defies competition.
Our laundry work is artistic and
beautiful in its ' faultless color and
finish. "No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. ; '514 Eleventh St.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great, i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY i
i CtH IOSIEi22ETST.tBt.6tiS7th,S.P.Cd., i
W Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
A ~,Tjfc__ ' World. Weaknesses or any contracted i
t lCC3ft disease pnlli>rl7«ira<hy the oldest '
♦ IKBI Specialist ra ihe Coast. Est-36yeat«- < i
4 1 $&? 1 DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ FmII ' ''■''■■"'"" free * nd strictly private. \
a J 9T& fl t " '""«"« personally or undertaken. A §
Wl qrrfc FotAne Cure in every case undertaken. W
Ami Hi L Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY «i i
II I 111 MARRIAGE. MAILED FKEB. IA f
A (i 11 Mluable bo ° I'for1 ' for mcn i • - a
'9 f>K JOKDAX4CO.,IOSI MarkptSt,,S. F. ¥
C DDIIfIyPQ FOB EITHER BF.K.
! |X PiIUW UThis remedy being In.
" »+**•* directly to the
G" "" ■■ f£?\ seat of those diseases
0 « II ■■of the Genito-Urinary
Kg fflS" Organs, requires no
U|o tC&A change of diet- €nre
-^BPI guaranteed in 1 to 3
- days. Muiall plain pack-
i"«» ITT TK* a c « °y mail. 81.00.
\? <y> £&.!£□ »<>!<! only by
GEORGE DAHUBEN I>BR & CO.. Sole A(?t«..
214 Kearny St.. Ban Francisco.
EgjKitt. HALL'S REINVIQORATOR
, Ji£||V39s Five hundred reward tor any
f"** case we cannot care. This secret
&_— —JO remedy stops all losses in 24
mtEM OS hours . cures Emissions. Irnpo-
iFTPl tlmi ten Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
imm Km Uleet - Fits, Strictures. Lost
l^LJßmj Manhood and all wasting effect*
! *•' ' — — -— of self-abuse or ' excesses. Sent
•ealed. 12 bottle; i bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
-1 ETITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. . Cal. Also
; for sale at IQT3V4 Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book. .
PPTTQpJr7Q FOR barbers, BAK-
DIIUOII£O er:i bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters." shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofpra. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
I Bru: h Manufacturer .. 609 Sacramento St.PLEASURE IN STORE FOR THE YOUNG
MEN'S INSTITUTE AT SANTA CRUZ
COMMITTEES IN CHARGE
PLAN A SERIES OF FETES
SAXTA CRUZ. Axijr. 19— Santa Cruz is
in readiness to receive and entertain
tne Grand Council of the Young
Men's Institute. The members of the
(ommittee on arrangements — Thomas W,
Kelly. George S. Tait. James Hamill,
John M. Walsh, John T. Stanton, J. J.
Doran, J. J. Roney. Knoch Alzina, Henry
Kingsley, John Nolan, James Tait,
<"harlos J. Gillen, J. H. Leonard, William
D. Btantcn, E. A. Cook, T. F. Leonard
and P. McGovern— have worked hard and
have arranged a programme that prom
ises a jolly good time from the begin
ning of the week to the end. The city will
be In gala attire, Santa Cruzans having
decorated with the colors of the order,
■which are the national colors. The dec
orators have started their work at the
•••. where the grand ball is to take
■ . • ■ b dlding will be
isely and will be brilliant
■with electrical Illuminations. Th< head
■'. ■ 'a Institute Eiall, will
. liberal use of DUDt-
A t Gra nd Council
vri i k v. 11l be 1 ■ Supreme
I President F. J. Kierce of San
a number '>•; the Catholic
\ whom will be Archbishop
Francisco, Bishop Mont
y. Fathei f Los Angeles,
■ of Watsonville, Father
Mestres of Monterey, Father Farrelly of
Hollister. Father McNamee, Father Mur
phy of Santa Cruz. Father Dempsey,
!•' ither c, ■ - Francisc*
r I. ally of Gold< n State Council and
;< number of Jesuit pri
I ■■ - ;ire arriving, but the gi
number are to fume to-morrow. At each
train they are in be met by the commit
rrangements, who will act as
the recej ■ also. They will
be escorted to the Foung Men's In
• ■ Hall, where each is to be pn
neat bouv< i
i m Mor day the Grand Council will open
•i. The Salinas, Castrovflle,
Monterey and Wataonvllle councils are to
arrive iii a body at 8:30 o'clock in the
morning. A bain! of music will meet them
at the depot and they, will march toVoung
Men's Institute Hall, where they will be
joined by the Santa Cruz Council, the del
■ b and visiting members. A line will be
forme-d and with a band in the lead, with
Hags flyii.g and banners waving, tn< y will
inarch to the Church of the Holy ('rus«.
where seats will be reserved for them
at the pontifical hit,-h mn=s to in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In military prisons an offender is some-
times sentenced to carry cannon balls from
one place to another aud pile them up all
day long. That is all. Perhaps it does not
seem very terrible but it soon wears his
life out. It is practically a death sentence,
and he knows It; he would rather be shot.
Many a sick man feri*; the same way about
the burden of disease that he is lugrginjf
back and forth from day to day. He would
as soon be down with a mortal disease. It
will come to that sooner or later.
A man's life can be dragged oat by
dyspepsia and liver complaint. The ex-
perience of Mr. J. T. Cardwell, of Fall
Creek Depot. Pittsylvania Co., Va., show?
how Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discov-
ery saves people from consumption by
waking up their nutritive organism and
giving it power to supply pure, healthy
blood, which drives out blood poisons and
dead tissues and buiids up sound, whole-
some flesh and muscle.
' I feel it my duty," writes Mr. Cardwell in a
letter to Dr. Pierce, " to write you of the lasting
benefits derived from the use of Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and little 'Pellets. 1
Seven years t\go I contracted a severe cold,
which baffled the skill of one mf the best phy-
sicians in my State. It ran on and I continu-
ally grew worse until I concluded to write to
the 'World's Dispensary Medical AHsociation.'
The answer to ray inquiry advised me to use
' Golden Medical Discovery ' and ' Pellets ' for
indigestion and Hyer complaint ; at this time
two months had pawed. In two or three duys
after I had commenced the u»e of your medi-
cine my cough had entirely stopped, my diges-
tion was better, my low spirits dm-en away and
I /eJt new life and vigor in my whole body."
Thia marvelous "Discovery" makes
nerve force and rugged power. It is far
better than oily emulsions ; it does not
make flabby fat, it does not increase the
weight of corpulent people.
brated by Bishop Montgomery, assisted
by a number of priests.
Ten church dignitaries are expected to
be within the chancel. Thp sermon is to
be preached by Father McXamee, pastor
of Holy Cross Church. The music by tha
choir is to be especially good, as the sing-
<■■.<= have b^en practicing for weeks under
their efficient leader, Mr>. J. Kerlin. Af
t( r mass the proc< sslon will again form
ar.ii on arriving at headquarters the dele
gates wlli register.
At 1 o'clock the fifteenth annual Grand
Council will convene at Native Sons'
Hall. Those who are not members of the
Grand Council may enjoy the game be
. the Sugar l.< ets of Watsonville and
the Sand Crab baseball nines.
In the evening the social features of the
week will open with a reception given by
Council No. 12, Young Ladies' Institute
ol Santa Cruz, at the Pacific Ocean
House. An excellent literary and musical
programme will be rendered, followed by
a banquet win b< tendered the
errand officers and delegates In the hotel
dining room by the Young Ladies' Insti-
On Tuesday evening a grand promenade
concert will hi- held on Pacific avenue.
The land will 1.. stationed In the Hotel
St. Geoige balcony. After the concert
E. R Pixies of the Pai B< Ocean House
will tender the members of the Grand
Council a dance ai the Ocean Mouse Hall.
Mrs. Margaret Deane of Ban Francisco.
Grand President of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society, has invited the grand offi
cers to a dinner in their honor at ."> o'clock
on Wednesday afternoon, at Hotel Del
Mar. at Santa Maria Del Mar. The mem
bers of the Santa Cruz council of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society, assisted by
the members of the society at the hotel,
are to be the hostesses at the hotel that
CENTRAL RELIEF
BOARD FORMED
To Care for Porto Rican
Sufferers.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHTN'GTON, Aug. 19. — Secretary
Root made public to-night a plan for sys
tematically taking care of the supplies
distributed for the relief of the destitute
Porto Ricans. It provides for a central
committee of representative citizens of the
country, to which all committees are to
report. This committee is to have charge
of distributing the supplies, which is to
b«* done in a manner to secure ihe Deat
results possible.
The following persons have^been select
ed by Secretary Root to form the commis
sion: Hon. Cornelius N. Bliss, formerly
Secretary of the Interior; Brigadier Gen
eral Henry, formerly Military. Governor
of l'orto Rico; Right Rev. James IT.
Blenk, S. M. D. D.. Bishop of Porto Rico,
now sojourning in the United States; Hon.
Warner Van Norden, president of the Na
tional j'.ank of North America; William
L. Corvin, secretary of the Merchants" j
Associate m of New York City; the Mayors I
of Bostoi:, New York. Philadelphia and
Baltimore, or such representatives as they
may choose to designate.
The work of distribution in Porto Rico
will continue under the direction of Mili
tary Governor General Davis. The actual
transportation of supplies will continue
under the diiection of the Quartermas
ter's Department of the army, which will
furnish or procure all the vessels required.
Secretary Roo*\ has made public the fol
lowing telegram from General Davis at
San Juan, Porto Rico, under date of Au
gust 18:
"At least 1050 ions of food should be
shipped weekly unll further notice. Have
now fairly full r< ports from the whole
island. Cannot reciuce previous estimate
of 100,000 to be fed <r assisted. Am start-
Ing public works a.-< rapidly as possible
and hope soon to g.>t large numbers on
self-sustaining basis. If the local commit
tees act without concert duplication and
waste would be sure n result. Therefore
I suggest a central committee to regulate
this, and would give assurance to con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
evening, at a reception to he given to the
members of the Grand Council. A pro
gramme of literary numbers and music
of high order will be followed by dancing.
Refreshments are to be served during tin
evening.
The banquet on Thursday evening to be
v ndered the delegates and grand offi
cers will be a swi li affair. It will be at
the Hotel St. George. Among those in
vited to be present are Archbishop Rior
dan, Bishop .Montgomery, Mayor Phelan,
Colonel Sullivan. Hon. Frank J. Sullivan,
F. A. Hihn. Hon. c. M. Casein, Claus
Spreckels. Ex-Lieutenant Governor W. T.
Jeter, Bernard Peyton. W. C. Peyton,
Judge L. F. Smith. Major Frank M( -
Laughlin and Thomas R. Rannerman.
Thomas \V. Kelly is to act as toast
master and among those who are to re-
tributors that donations will be wisely
hamiii d.
"Send ;iP clothing and medicines offered.
Fully one-half beans and rice should l«
--shipped In- sacks weighing 100 pounds per
sack, for it must get to the Interior on
pack animals. The sacking material will
be useful for clothing."
GOOD ACCOMPLISHED
BY PEACE CONGRESS
President Whit© Outlines the Benefits
That Will Accrue to Civilized
Nations.
HAMBURG, Aug. 20.— At the request of i
the correspondent here of the Associated j
Press, Andrew D. White, United States !
Embassador to Germany, who was presi
dent of the American Peace Commission |
at The Hague, has written the following
in regard to the result of the conference:
"In my opinion great good was accom- ;
plished, far more in fact, than any of us ■
d>ired expect, or even hope, when we came
together.
"As to disarmament, everybody really
thinking upon the subject must see that
a good system of arbitration must come
first, and that then when arbitration has
diminished the likelihood of war the ar
guments for cutting down forces and ar
maments is greatly strengthened. The
logical order, then, is lir.st arbitration !
and next disarmament.
"As to the plan of arbitration, any com- i
pulsory system is at present utterly out
of the question. There are so many "inter- ,
national differences Involving questions of i
race, religion and security that there is
not a nation on the face of the earth will- ;
ing to risk an obligatory system. Far bet- !
ter, then, than any is a thoroughly good
system of voluntary arbitration, recourse \
to which public opinion will enforce more
and more, and this, 1 earnestly believe,
the conference has presented to tue
world.
"The great point gained is that whereas j
formerly an arbitration court could only i
be provided after long correspondence be- j
tween Cabinets and negotiations between
Ministers and a thousand other delays.
Just when time was most precious, the j
conference has given to the world an ar
bitration tribunal as an actual and per
manent institution, with Judges, proce
dure, officers of the court, place of meet
ing and accessories all provided.
"It has added as subsidiary to its main
feature carefully systematized plans of
mediation, both general and special, j
which are likely in many cases to prove
exceedingly valuable in preventing na
tions from drifting into war.
"It has also provided a system of com
mission of inquiry by which' the real ques
tions and grievances at issue can be as-
GRAND COUNCIL DELEGATES
COMMENCE THE INVASION
spond to toasts are Hon. Frank D. Ryan
of Sacramento and Judge St. Sure of Ala
meda.
On Friday afternoon a league baseball
game between the Santa Cruz and San
Jose nines will be played. Enoch Alzina
has charge of the ball to be given in the
evening at the Armory. A dainty sou
venir programme will be given to each
person in attendance. The grand march
will start at 9 o'clock.
F. A. Hihn of Capitola has invited the
delegates and their families to a dinner
at Hotel Capitola at 6:30 Saturday even
ing. This will be followed by a dance at
Capitola Hall. A souvenir programme
has been Issued, to be presented to each
delegate. It has a neat cover of pleasing
design and Is illustrated with views or
Santa Cruz, the old Holy Cross Mission,
the Natural Bridge, beach scenes, cliff
scenes Snd prominent residences. It has
portraits of grand officers and grand di
rectors of the Pacific jurisdictory.
Santa Cruz Council No. 12, which has
the honor of entertaining the Grand
Council, has since Its organization been
known as one of the most progressive
councils of the order and a power for
v ,. ,i v tbr. r-MrpTtr'-it'- if is onr> of the
oldest councils, having been organized on
August 30 IS&S, its present officers, to
whom much credit is due in arranging
for the Grand Council, are: Chaplain,
Rev, Hugh McNamee; president, Thomas
\v. Kelly; first vice president, James
Hamill; second vice president, W. D.
Stanton; recording secretary, Edward A.
Cook; financial secretary, George S. Tait;
treasurer, J. J. Roney; marshal, J. T.
Stanton; inside sentinel. P. J. Morrisey;
outside sentinel. J. J. Doran; medical ex
aminer, F. E. McGovern; executive com
mittee, C. J. Gillen, E. Alzina, M.
Mitchell.
certained and brought out to be coolly
considered.
"We may fairly hof.,- that, as time goes
on, ;i resort to the tribunal now created
will become more and more usual and tiai
ural and thai the pressure of public opin
ion in all cases where questions at issue
can possibly be settled will be far more
effective than any attempt at compulsory
resort to a high international court."
Typographical Union Adjourns.
DETROIT, Aug. 19.— At the last session
of the forty-fifth annual conference of
the International Typographical Union to
day, dfstrict organizers were elected.
Delegate Bandel of Indianapolis wanted
the convention to indorse the Socialist
Labor party. His resolution was over
whelmingly defeated.
Was Longfellow's Schoolmate.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 19.— Charles Hazel
ton, a pioneer of this State, died near
this city to-day. He was bnrn in Massa
chusetts eighty-five years ago. Hazelton
was a groat student and a former school
mate of the poet Longfellow. He passed
away at the County Hospital.
Crops Pledged to Crocker.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 19.— The grape
growers of Windsor district held a mass
meeting this afternoon to discuss the
Crocker proposal. Twenty-five growers
signed the contracts. Around Windsor
alone 2.MJO tons of grapes have been
pledged to Mr. Crocker.
Children Sent to Whittier.
AVOODL.AND. Aug. 19.— Superior Judge
Caddis to-day committed Robert McMil
lan, Perry McMillan and Bertie McMillan
to the Reform School for Juvenile Of
fenders at Whittier. The father of the
children is serving a twelve-year sentence
in the State Prison at Folsom.
Reed to Resign.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 19.— Thomas B.
Reed will this week tender ' his resigna
tion as a member of. Congress, to take
effect September 4. -■ He will 1 begin . the
practice of law in New York early next
month. • ;.-•■•. ■■'.
- . ♦ ■ ■;
Providence, R. 1., has a character
who may yet surpass the record of Mrs.
Jane Cakebreadv the protege of Lady
Henry Somerset. Her name is Susan
Harvey, ; and she has , been sentenced
twenty-nine time's on ; different occa
sions for drunkenness. - Recently she
was sent to the State farm for two
years.- She is about 36 years old. — .bos
ton Transcript.
The committees follow:
Subscription and Finance— J. M.
Walsh, T. W. Kelly, J. T. Stanton, J.
J. Doran, J. J. Roney, E. Alzina. H.
Kingsley, J. Nolan, James Tait, C. J.
Gillen, J. H. Leonard.
Church Service — James Hamill,
George Tait, J. J. Doran, H. Kings
ley, W. D. Stanton.
Music— E. Alzina. E. A. Cook, H.
Kingsley, James Hamill, J. J. Doran.
Press— J. J. Doran, J. J. Roney, H.
Kingsley, C. J. Gillen, E. Alzina.
Printing— J. J. Roney, E. A. Cook,
James Tait, J. J. Doran, H. Kingsley.
Transportation and Quarters— J. T.
Stanton. J. M. Walsh, James Tait, W.
D. Stanton, C. J. Gilten.
Banquet— G. S. Tait. J. J. Doran, J.
M. Walsh, J. H. Leonard, E. A. Cook.
Ball— X. Alzina, E. A. Cook, J. J.
Doran, T. F. Leonard, F. McGovern, C.
J. Gillen.
Social— J. H. Leonard, K. A. Cook. G.
S. Tait, J. J. Doran. T. F. Leonard.
Baseball— H. Kingsley, James Hamill,
C. J. Gliu-n. E. Alzina, J. H. Leonard.
Decoration— J. J. Doran, J. T. Stan
ton, G. S. Tait.
Lost His Life at Kotzebue.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— Letters were re
ceived here to-day announcing the death
of John Messing of San Jose at Kotzebue j
Sound, Alaska. He was a member of the |
Spltzer party, which left San Francisco i
in June, 1898, Deceased was 45 years of i
age and a native of San Jose.
« m ■
M. Loubet, the new President aof the
French Republic, Is said to be the most j
musical of all the heads of the present |
Republic.
STARVING ;: STOMACH TROUBLE \ X
AMTTIQT I THE cause! |||
AlYllUol HUDYAN t
PLENTY! L— cures.' \ I
t*^L When the food that passes into the £
W\^"""" » stomach fails to digest properly then it is ♦
/ ws| ---2 not taken up by the system. The result? ][
-^i^^^Sv Actual starvation of the body. There is <>
'i^^^^'ll^^w nothing to make flesh and blood. A ♦
■J^^^^^^^^"^ •• stomach that fails in its natural *♦
functions is usually required to ?
k e cm P t y > • c aye P' cturecl t
l ll®^''!/^^'nT one w^ 10 SLl^ ers f rom Catarrh of *J
/^^^^S^£M ' ' the stomach - as will at once be *;
Am' ' recognized by those who suffer *
l^^^^^ST 1 ! v c M Catarrh of the stomach is *;
1 ll Urea I %^^ often the forerunner of ulcera- **
. " tion of the stomach, cancer of *;
the stomach, heart trouble and inflammation of the liver and "-','
bowels. The causes are irregularity in eating, overloading the *;
stomach, heredity, the use of alcoholic liquors or other irritat- '•'
ing substances, and acute indigestion. • . . **
Catarrh oi the stomach is a very serious affection. Its symptoms are ••
these: (Figure 1) Headache (figure 2) Paleness and Emaciation; ♦•
(figure 3) Coated Tongue and Offensive Breath ; (figure 4) Palpitation Jl
of the Heart; (figure 5) Pains or Soreness in the Stomach or Bloating of yj
Stomach, Loss of Appetite, Costivaness, Dizzy Spells, Tired and Worn-Out <>
Feeling and Sleeplessness are other symptoms. *• ','
A good digestion and a cheerful disposition go hand in hand. , You •'
may possess both. . Hudyan, throug.i ils physiological action, reaches, all <!-
the above conditions. [' -' ',',
Hudyan will create an appetite; it will assist nature to prepare for t
ass'milation the food ♦»«»»»«..«•••>»«•»•«»♦ that is taken into <•
the stomach. Bear \[ MEN AND '■;!! in mind that Hud- .■.*■*
van is not intended WOMEN '[[ to afford only tern- . *'
porary relief; on the ♦ ADVISED FREE. <• contrary. Hudyan •;♦
cures are perma- I CALL OR WRITE. nent. Hudyan will Jl
promote sound >•••••••••• •• • ?••••••♦ sleep — the sleep ♦
that brings health and vigor. Hudyan enriches the. blood in those ele- •
ments that give strength and a glow of health. Hudyan cures catarrh of ■"'<'
the stomach and its complications. Hudyan acts gent y upon the liver !'•
and bowels, which makes it an admirable remedy for chronic constipation, y,
which is so often a complication of stomach troubles. <«
Hudyan is for sale by druggists — 50c a package; or 6 for $250. ''",'
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan. send direct to the HUDYAN *;*
REMEDY CO., corner Stockton, Ellis and . Market sts., San Francisco, Cal. m
Ton May Coninlt th» Hndyan Doctors About Tonr Cm a I'm of Charge. Call or Write. I .
SAYS McKINLEY
HAS NO POLICY
Champ Clark on Philip-!
pine Question.
GAMBLING IN HUMAN LIVES I
CONGBESS SHOULD STOP THE
WAR AT ONCE.
Defense of Bryan and the Free Silver
Doctrine Before an Assemblage
of Democrats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 19.— Fully 1000 I
Douglass Democrats, assisted by a j
delegation of about 300 members of the I
Jeffersonian Club of Lancaster County, I
turned out to-day to attend the Jack- j
sonlan Club picnic at Syndicate Park.
Many were accompanied by their fam
ilies, and with the outsiders who came j
to hear the speeches they constituted a
crowd of several thousand. W. J. Bryan j
accompanied the Lancaster County j
delegation. Congressman Champ Clark
of Missouri was the orator of the day.
He declared that the Democratic plat- j
form of 1900 must be the same as that
of 1896. He said:
"The people understand precisely i
what they want. They want the Chi- j
cago platform and they intend to have
It, unchanged, undiluted, unimpaired, j
They will break short off, as you can j
break a piece of glass, the necks of i
those who try to play them false. They
are not in a frame of mind to be fooled j
with."
Mr. Clark declared that the over- !
shadowing issue of 1896 was the ques
tion of free coinage and that it will hold
the same position in 1900.
Regarding the Philippine situation,
he declared that President McKinley
has no policy. He said:
"He is letting things drift, and they
are drifting to the deuce. Meantime '<
our soldiers are being killed and dying
of disease in shoals. For what purpose?
Will anybody undertake to say? I defy
any expansionist to stand up and in
form us whut the President's policy is. !
But some say. and more's the pity and '
shame, some calling themselves Demo
crats, 'The President is wrong; but we ;
must support the President.' To this
has it come at last that we must shut
up our thinkers, close our mouths and
chloroform our consciences In order to
be considered patriots.
"No, if the President is wrong, he I
should be set right. - If he will not j
cease to do wrong, he should be
bounced, as he will be so soon as the j
American people can get a crack at
him.
"In the interim. Congress should re
strain him fmm the further expendi
ture of American blood and American
treasure, in his career of 'criminal ag
gression,' for that is what he himself
defined forcible annexation' to be.
"If he has not sufficient courage, for
titude and strength t<> resist pressure
of the gamblers in human blood and
lives, who arf> holding him on this
evil and ruinous course, the American
people will find a President who has.
His name, too, is William— William
Jennings Bryan of Nebraska."
FIRE IN NEBRASKA
Entire Block in the Town of Sidney ;
Destroyed.
OMAHA, Aug. lit.— A special to the Bee
from Sidney. Nefor., says: At 11:40 o'clock
this morning an incendiary fire broke out
which destroyed an entire block in the
heart of the town, inflicting a loss of not
less than $40,000, with no insurance.
It was With great difficulty that the
rest of the town was saved. The fire
raged until 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Planning for a Convention.
STOCKTON. Aug. 10.— Preparations for
the convention of Christian Endeavor so
cieties, which is to be held in this city
next spring, began last evening. State
President R A. Wils and State Secretary
Reed delivered addresses. It has been de
cided to hnM the convention in May. It
will begin on ;< Thursday evening and con
tinue until Sunday night. A meeting of
the executive committee will be held next
Saturday to elect officers of the "1900 com
mittee."
ADVERTISEMENTS. , :
THIS I
I IS OUR 1
; Suit like above cut made I
I at our factory by WHITE I
I LABOR; full tailor made; |
made of all-wool black and g
navy blue cheviot serge; I
also navy blue, black, tan rf
and brown mixed Venetian H
cloth, which are shrunk be- I
fore being made up. Jacket I
full silk lined ; seams stitch- I
ed with 3 raws silk thread. B
Fit guaranteed. An oppor- I
tunity to get a HIGH- I
ORADB TAILOR SUIT AT |
LOW PRICE. 1
| MADE-TO-ORDER 1
\ TAILOR SUITS |
FROM $20 AND UPWARD. |
FIT GUARANTEED. i
16-18-20 GRANT AYE., 1
": Bet. Market and Geary. f|
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
«jvii ill t w* IRS
Money Back If mgE3£SBi|BsiT PER ■ I —
youdon^likclt |||»rj;i p ER CAL.
710-716 Eaieiia Market St.
Broadway ESSESSfu+? • San -
Oakland B wt*2i£giiSi#s*- -Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
SEND DIRECT TO US
They Ease
the Eyes.
Oculists' glasses always do th^t. "When mads
by us they also ease the nose and bring- lasting
comfort. New .clip — firm, easy grip — 50 cents.
Photo developing, printing, enlarging. "«■,:
BIG PLANT. SKILLED PEOPLE.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
| premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 19.
OPTICAMS^^C^T^.
642 Market St; instruments
' unatß cnomCLC Buuomt. '
IB I 9 a )t^*i*™ *Ca o. iS ji_ if-
mm 881 wtVV H Kf E3B>^^^%33i
MS paHf flSiJff»rriM^Jly .)^g S
B m, h iSI H wsS& m Bbbi
HI J « 5rSKb B spl 1
> _^^^£^ m Xm9^mmm¥&l^^E33mmm*m*^SLj&t.m%^mmM^mWß
mm_ call
o/ It Publishoj the Cream of tilt
0 New* ot the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
o< PAPER ON THB
7J PACIFIC COAST
5 \ / ""*
"j The Best \ V Mining
°j Telegraphic \ / News Thai
°\ Service on s\ Is Accurate*
01 The Coast / \& up to date
ex Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
'< ol ' .- -*,^
'< ©< Bright. Clean. A Champiou *t
) Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J_ ALL THE
eJ IT ADVOCATES I SENT "BY
n HOME ; MAIL, SI
9{ IKDLSTRIIS [ ▲ YOB.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
! CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 60 day;
IS to 18 week; 98 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
' | and cold water every room; fire (rates la every,
| rocm; elevator run* all eight
34
THREE REGIMENTS
FOR PHILIPPINES
Orders Issued to Pro
ceed at Once.
HURRYING OTHERS ALONG
WILL BE SHIPPED ON THE TACO
MA AND GLENOGLE.
All Majors. Captains and Lieutenants
of New Regiments Have Been
Placed on Recruiting
Duty.
Bpectal P!;>ratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— The fol
lowing dispatch was to-day sent by the
adjutant general to the commanding
• the Twenty-fifth, Thirty-first
and Thirty-fourth volunteer regiments
of infantry:
"Orders of to-day will direct that
your regiment be placed en route for
San Francisco as soon as transoorta I
can he provided by the quarter
master general. On arrival at San
[SCO your regiment will go Into
at the Presidio, and Its instruc
in target practice, etc.. will he
continued until tho transports are
n ady to take your command to Ma
nila. Acknowledge the receipt, with i
ir.y remarks you may have t" make for
I ; :i of the War Depart- I
■
The Twenty-seventh is at Camp
. the Thirty-fli I Thomas,
icky, and the Thirty-fourth at
Port Logan, Colorado.
The Quartermaster's Department to
lay directed that th • and Ta
the Northern Pacific Bteam
jhip lino 1^ chart carrying :
h- 1 r tope to Ma nila. The 1 Henogle will
:arry 800 and the Tacoma
Orders were issued from the War De
>artment to-day placing all majors,
■aptains and lieutenants appointed for!
he new regiments on recruiting duty. ;
I'h' y will assist the nearest recruiting
for a period of about one week
md will then conduct their recruits to i
he rendezvous.
The first ten regiments of volunteers
ire complete and there is a surplus of
ibout 2< men for the regiments in the j
Philippines, and the next ten to be
•aised. The enlistments yesterday were
236, making a total of l ; I
of the orders issued to-day
.1 the three regiments to proceed to San
Fran< Isco. General Corbin f;iH that not
mly would the other reglmentsj follow
3oon, but the ten recently ordered
would be sent to Manila as soon as
:hey could be organized.
RECEPTION DAY AT
CAMP ROBINSON
TTI.t:. Aug. IP.— To-day was recep
tion day at Camp Robinson, and it is es
timated that 20,000 people visited the
A local band furnished music.
-■ carried literature and ctelicTcies to
the tnx
The transport Gai lalled for Ma
nila to-night with 400 horses and a
ftve men. two eom
ned officers and :i corps ol veterin
ary = • • transport to sni;
will bo the Athenian, which will be ready
about n< x; Tuei
St. Paul, which arrived from San
Francisco lasi night, will carry officers
and men of the Third Cavalry to the
number of "' ' remaining Z2E will be
distributed among the Garonne, Athenian
Victoria. The St. Paul is scheduled
to sail Tuesday next. All the trane
will stop at Dutch Harbor, Alaska, and
Kobe, Japan, where the men and hi
mbarked for a rest.
MAJORS FOR THE NEW
VOLUNTEER REGIMENTS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The following
en appointed majors In the new
giments: Harry Hale, I!-
Name, Wisconsin: John
P, Parker, Missouri; L. C. Andrews, New
..;>• i). Preston, Massachusetts;
fohn C. Gllmore, New Y..rk: J. C. Brown,
ta; 1 tenry T. All< n. Kentucky; I >
a. Frederick. Georgia, FT. B. M
Nebraska; Putnam B. Strong, New York-
V. D. Dupoce, California; William C.
Dows, Iowa; Joseph Armfleld. North Car
olina; Hugh D. wise. New York; A. A.
Wiley. Afcibama; H. YV. Hubbell, New
York: AY. A. Holbrook, Wisconsin; S. AY.
Miller, P( nnsylvania; Charles H. >P:ir
Michigan.
GROUNDING OF HOOKER
DUE TO CARELESSNESS
MANILA, Aug. 19.— The board appointed
to examine into the causej of the ground-
Ing of the United St; tes cable ship
Hooker, which recently went ashore neaT
the mouth of Corregidor harbor, at the
entrance of Manila Bay, fin'ls that the
accident occurred i:i daylight on a reef
shown "ii th< chart, and that there were
1 arelessnese an t h>' pari of
the navigator of the vessel. The cable
Instruments and oth'-r property have bean
removed from the Hoolter, and the cable
is now heing removed. If no storm inter
venes hopes are entertained that the ves
pei may he hauled off and repaired. Her
hull has been badly torn by the coral reef
on which she struck.
Big Log Raft Starts.
ASTORIA, Or.. Aug. 19— The big log
raft recently constructed at Stella, Wash.,
was towed to sea late last night for Ban
Francisco. The mammoth boom grounded,
and later damaged a dock at Flavel,
where it has been tied up for the past
few days. A suit for $300 damages was
filed against Mr. Robertson, and the raft
was arreßted until the amount was paid.
The tugs Rescue and Relief have' the raft
In tow. It is probable they will succeed
in towing it to San Francisco, as- weather
renditions are favorable.
Blend
Ej^BSg.- Recipe
A Gat in ttdrtm to eta Iron ;
EDINBURGH la LONDON, or Uif ] »
ciin pUc« en *cj ncd. Id 3*m
i*T«li 10 Itx 'WHITE MORSS CELLAR.' |
ta KD'NIHIRCH. H pUc< tl*? nay b* '■
, ncerel la •S I AOt CO H trnj HmMI '
, trri Pubav, wtorh \**l'j\ mi the vttole Jourarr
: In riiht (Uri Of Cod p«ncf»\ Ul& mv tora
! tt live in if t BOfri'V.
'AOcnrmg mtS puMogtt i« footo ««f(bt
!tl ftve uurr, » ttacm jk> founl
"Atom* •>•** puMßjn i« fcnMi Ml***
ta* «U v.. rr, • pno pc p«ail
■_"*** 7 '' ;J *
"WHITE HORSE CELLAR"
SCOTCH WHISKY
From
Mackle & Co., Islay, Scotland.
CHARLES MEIXECKB A CO.,
Av«nta Paclflo Coast, 314 Sacramento Street,
Baa Fnuncleoo, Cal.
HAWAIIANS FAVOR REVISION
OF CONTRACT LABOR LAWS
Prominent Citizens and Planters Suggest Remedies
for the Evils Now Existing in the
Islands.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
<T? <T? ONOLULT, Aug. S.— "Are you in j
1 favor of retaining the penal con- !
E tract-labor laws? If not, have i
,j, you any suggestion to make in i
connection therewith to protect
the employers of labor In their Invest- I
ments?
"Have you any suggestions to make In ;
regard to the labor problem of securing j
sufficient labor for the needs of the plan- ;
tat ions and other Industries?"
The best and most representative minds
of Hawaii are now devoting themselves to
a thoughtful consideration of these ques
tions, propounded to them by The I
Some, for personal reasons, decline to
answer, while others feel that their views
will lie valueless in the face of measures
which they believe to be already cut and
dried: hut the great body of thinking men 1
are asking for further time to devise prac- j
tlcal methods, beneficial alike for labor j
and capital.
Following are the views of several prom- j
inent planters and plantation managers,
in addition to those of other representa- !
live men, who are in the main large cap- j
italists but men of liberal views. It is
noticeable that but very few Indorse the ;
penal clauses, but it Is also noticeable that
few think of the ultimate destination of
the islands from the point of view of re- j
placing the immensely preponderating ;
Asiatic population with a class of white 1
peasantry or yeomanry. Patience is the
motto of the hour.
Rev. Alexander Mackintosh, the clergy
man S'j favorably known in connection
with the second congregation Of St. An
drew's (Episcopalian) Cathedral, writes:
"Abolish the penal contra t laws. Fair
wages on a progressive scale will do much ;
to obviate difficulties in the labor marnet. I
From what 1 have seen in the importation
of white labor I think the planters had .
bett< r stick to Asiatics."
Hon. William Nevins Armstrong, w,ho
held high office under King Kalakaua, Has
a Labor Commissioner, and is now
editor of the Pacific Commercial Adver- j
tiser, writes:
"j am not in favor of retaining the penal
contract-labor laws, and suggest the of- •
ferine of contracts for the raising of
and the giving of fee-simple homes
to laborers, with some restrictions."
Robert YV. Wilcox, surveyor and real
'state agent. th>' Hawaiian whose name j
has been prominent more than once in \
revolutionary attempts, writes;
"No, because it is a slavery. The pro
■ for the employers of labor in their
investment is to follow tho laws of the [
free laborers of the United States. The |
only suggestion, in my opinion, is to get ■
the American ami European laborers. To
obtain them the planters must abandon
the slavery system and Improve the whole
system according to the American system
of free laborers."
Colonel W. F. Allen, whose name is 1
known to all who know Hawaii, a bust- |
ness agent, says:
"No. From the few experiments that j
are being tried It would seem as if the co- I
operative plan, for the laborer to be in
terested In the success of his labor, would
in a measure help to solve the question." :
James T. Copeland, officer of the G. A.
K. Post and master builder, writes:
"Emphatically, no. 1 would suggest a
limited time in which to do away with
the present contract-labor laws, thereby
giving the planters an opportunity to
adapt their business, corps of laborers.
etc, to the new laws. I ttiink two years'
time would be amply sufficient to effect
the change."
A, Moore, manager of the Paauhau
Sugar Plantation, Hamakua, Hawaii,
a ?-.' • b;
"Heretofore I have not been con*ulten
regarding the annexation of this country
by the I'nited State.--, nor have others, and
I 'think that those who have assumed thi;« ;
responsibility on behall of the taxpayers
will promote such a Government, ana j
take such measures ac they wish for Its
: t. without considering my opinion."
Thomas S. Kay, another planter, writes: j
"I am not in favor of the penal contract I
labor laws. 1 am in favor of a system
whereby the employers of labor may
have protection for advances by civil
process. I am in favor of an open !■• ir
policy, so that labor may be procured ii.
sufficient quantity to supply all plants
tloas and other industrial requirements
from whatever source it can be <Tbtala< :,
if necessary confining such labor tv the
territory of Hawaii. In my opinion, with
out a guaranteed labor supply the agri
cultural industries cannoi be maintained
on a paying basis In competition with the I
world at large where labor la cheaper and
where transportation facilities are also
better and cheaper."
Dr. G. P. Andrews, physician and nir
geon, writes:
MEN OF MUSCLE
TEST THEIR SKILL
ON CINDER PATH
Amateur Field Games
at Astoria.
SEATTLE ATHLETES TRIUMPH
MULTNOMAH CLUB A CLOSE
SECOND.
George Paris, the Colored Wonder,
Wins the Sprints in Fast Time,
but With Hardly an
Effort.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Aug. 19.-Th© first day
of Astoria's sixth annual carnival of land
and water sports opened this morning, the
programme being the championship ath
letic games of the Pacific Northwest As
sociation. Five thousand spectators con
gregated on the grounds of the Astoria
[OOtbaU club. The Multnomah Athletic |
Club ol" Portland won the pole vault, the I
running high jump, the 120-yard hurdle, '
putting the sixteen-pound shot and the
220-yard' hurdle. The Seattle Athletic Ciub
took the 100-yard dash, the MO-yard dash,
the running broad jump, th 6 880-yard run, J
the 22u-yard dash and the relay race. The
Settle Young Men's Christian Association '
team won the on.e-mile run and throwing [
the discus. The University of Washing
ton won the sixteen-pound hammer throw.
Ing, and the Tacoma Young Men's I'hris
tlan Association was first in the one-mile
walk.
Last night the crowds began arrivng j
and hundreds of visitors came to the city I
on every train and boat. By morning !
there were at least 7000 strangers in town, j
The business houses and residences were
handsomely decorated and the city pre- |
Rented a lively appearance. Thousands
will come to-morrow and on Monday
morning, and It is expected that fully
20.000 persons will be here from outside
points to see the lirst day's sailing and
rowing races.
In the opening event of the champion- j
ship programme, a 100-yard dash there
were ten entries, but owing to the pres- I
ence of (Jeorge Paris, the colored wonder !
from the Seattle Athletic Club, half of
the intending competitors were fright
ened out. Paris was an easy winner,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1599.
"I do not favor penal contracts and T dc 1
not see why the general laws that fjov- !
crn contracts cannot be applied to these." j
Joseph M. Poepoe. Hawaiian, attorney
and editor of the Hawaiian newspaper
Kuokoa, says:
"To repeal the penal contract-labor laws 1
means ruin to very many of our m w
plantations. Labor laws now In force In !
Ilawaii can be modified by local legisla- i
lion so as to give them a better working i
force upon the laborers without resorting \
to penal servitude, ("heap labor has been 1
the mainstay of nur plantations. If our |
plantations can obtain cheap labor from
the I'nited States or Europe get It or ei.se i
thoy cannot escape from obtaining It from ;
places other than the I'nited States Or
Europe."
S. C. Allen of the great lumber firm of
Allen & Robinson writes:
"I am of the opinion that as the Ameri
can Government has possession of these
Islands and Congress will meet in a few !
months to arrangti the form of govern- i
mem. it will he. utterly futile for us here
to make any Mipecsuiuns or give an npln- j
lon on the matt* r."
Dr. N. B, Emerson, whnso name is wide
ly known beyond the confines of Hawaii,
writes:
"It seems to me that the ponnl element
in our contract laws had better be abol
ished. T believe that the observance on
the pnrt of the employer of strict Justice j
and kindneFS toward the emr>l«ye, the !
avoidance of the system nf advances' '
and not permlting the employe to go Into ;
debt, will be of service In defending the,
interests of the employer. I believe that 1
the system of 'profit sharing' has in it |
elements of equity which make It deslr
able that it should he used as an Induce
ment to the coming In of a better class
of laborers. Every effort should he madp
apt our methods to the employment
of a class of intelligent laborers and
pn ru-sharers on our plantations. It
would b< a ereat gain on the part of the
employer if nil those Interested in th»* em- i
ployment of labor in this country were]
to enter Into tin agreement by which j
share-laborers who broke contracts or j
Otherwise sqflffht to defraud their employ
ers were denied employment nn other
plantations until such time as they hail
satisfied all just cinims against them."
.1. C. Quinn, president of the United Car- |
ria^re Company and Livery Stables and \
one of the most prominent of local prac
tical politicians In the "good old days,"
writes:
"It does not matter whether we are In
favor or not of retaining the penal con- I
tra<M labor laws. Slavery was abolished j
in the I'nited States years ago, and now j
that we are part and parcel of the I'nlted
States it is impossible for slavery to ex
ist here. The labor problem Is a wry
grave one, but 1 think It will turn out
all right. The people will have to ie !;>
upon themselves and not, as a great niany
have been doing in the day gone by. AVhen
they wanted to be appointed to some fa:
office they were Hawaiians, but when
they got into trouble they were Amen
<:'iis. Some nf the sugar plantations pay
from 20 to 80 per cent. They will have to !
pay more wages and get less dividends.
Plantations can afford to pay treble what
they are paying at present, and then net
a handsome income. Every Industry on
the Islands depends upon sugar. Lawyers,
doctors, merchants and mechanics are <n
rently or Indirectly dependent on sugar,
but l" think we will, like the widow, prove
equal to the occasion."
C. H. Parker, a master mechanic of
many years' residence, wrli-s:
"The penal contract-labor laws should
not be retained; I think the system of
cultivating on shares a good one if prop
erly applied and fairly carried out. These
would be no trouble In the quality and
quantity of Labor if the share system
were properly introduced and carried
out."
Hon. Paul R. Isenberg, who modestly
terms himself a rancher, writes:
"I am not In favor of retaining the
pi nnl contract-labor laws. If proper
wagefl are paid I think we can get all the
labor we want."
Robert Hall, manager of Niuill Planta
tion, writes:
"I am not in favor of and have consid
ered the contract system as a necessary
evil. I desire to see a moderate and steady
inflow of labor, free or assisted, to main
tain an equilibrium between demand and
supply. I consider it necessary that the 1
( nite<i States Government should permit ,
assisted passages and aiiow the privilege
Of getting In desirable and necessary la
bor from several sources. 1 think it is not j
disputed that the labor problem Is a vital
one It) this country, with but little resi
dent labor ami that irregular, 'i he Jap
aneß< me to make maney and to return
to their homes and them is ;t steady out
go."
Dr. Nicholas Russell. M. !>.. one of the
most prominent of the coffee planters,
writes:
"I am positively* against the pennl
clause which Is a survival of servitude
altogether contrary to the spirit of the ■
age arid perfectly unnecessary. The in
terests of the employers; 'and condition of
covering the distance in 10 2-5. Palmer.
his club mate, was second and Allen of the
Astoria Football Club third. This is a
new Northwest record for 100 yards. The
4-10-yard race was a hollow victory for
Paris, who negotiated the distance In
53 2-5 seconds, f For second place there was
a pretty struggle between Blumenthal of
the Multnomahs and Thayer of the Uni
versity of Washington, resulting in a dead
heat.- This was run off later in the day
and was won by the former. The 220-yard
race also fell to Paris, who scarcely got
exercise In reaching the tape in -1 4-5.
Palmer, also of the Seattle Club, was sec
ond and Dammasch of the Multnomahfl
third.
The SSO-yard race, although not fast.
was an exciting contest, the first three
men— Bader and Elder of Seattle and Blu
menthal of Multnomah— finishing in the
order named 'and being separated by not
more than a yard. • The time was 2:07 1-5.
The mile race was slow, Elder of Seat
tle winning handily, Burnet of the Mult
nomahs second and Davis of the Seattle
Young Men's Christian Association third.
Time, 5:05 1-5.
In the hurdles Morgan of the Multno
mahs was an easy victor, winning the
120-yards in 17 seconds and the 220-yards
In 30 seconds.
The pole-vaulting contest was perhaps
the most exciting feature of the day. The
real struggle for supremacy was confined
to T. J. Hume of the Seattle Athletic
Club and R. Heater of the Multnomahs
of Portland. The medal was awarded to
R. Heater, who cleared the bar at 10 feet
10 inches, thereby establishing a new rec
ord for the Pacific Northwest.
The high jump was won by Trenkman
of the Multnomahs. Height, 5 feet 11
inch-ja.
Thayer, University of Washington, won
the hammer throw, with Saundera of
Multnomah second. Distance 100 feet 10
Inches The shot-putting contest went to
Saunders, Thayer getting second. Dis
tance, 38 feet.l inch. Hall of the Seattle
Young Men's Christian Association won
the discus event, with a throw of 10 feet,
Saunders second, Thayer third.
Palmer of Seattle won the broad Jump
with 19 feet 5 Inches, Heater of Multno
mah second.
The one-mile walk resolved itself Into
a five-lap run. The opposing candidates
were J. F. Huffman or the Multnomah
team and R. A. B. Young of the Taeoma
Young Men's Christian Association. The
result was claimed as a dead heat by
some of the Multnomah men, but tho
judges awarded the llrst place to Young.
Huffman fell exhausted at the finish and
only recovered after several minutes.
The last event was a mile relay, which,
after an exciting contest, was won by
Seattle, bringing the points scored by that
club Up to 50, Multnomah placed 4G to its
credit; the Seattle Young Men's Christian
Association 17, the University of Wash
ington 10, the Tacoma Young Men's
Christian Association 5 and Astoria Foot
ball Club 5.
The following Is a summary of the
events:
■ 100-yard dash— George Paris, 8. A. C, first;
Don H. Palmer, S. A. C, second; Dan B. Allen.
A. F. C, third. Time, :10 2-R.
• Pole vaulting— Heater, M. A. A. C. 10
fe&t 10 Inches; T. .1. Hume Jr., S. A. C, 10
feet 10 inches; D. H. Palmer, S. A. C.. .
Heater and Hume tied at 10 feet 10 Inches.
In the Jump off Heater won at 10 feet 3 Inches.
440-yard dash— Paris, S. A. C, won. Time
m 2-5. ..:..■ •
Running high jump— Trenkman, M. A. A.
C. first, . > feet 10 Inches.
120-yard hurdle— E. Morgan won. Time,
:17. . t
Running broad jump— Don H. Palmer, S. A.
the labor market will be sufficiently pro
tected by abolishment of all obstacles to
free immigration of laborers from all
countries, including Japan. To keep all
the doors for free labor Immigration wide
opi n from Japan and other countries, ex
cept China. Not to interfere with em
ployers paying for the passage of laborers
should they lind it possible, without the
penal clause."
Fred H. Hayselden, stock raiser and
planter of Lanai, writes:
"I am in favor of a contract labor law
without the penal clause and would sug
pesi that a percentage of the wages of the
laborer he retained to reimburse the em
ployer for any loes owing tv the failure
of the laborer to fullfill his contract, the
matter to be decided through the courts
or by a special commission appointed un
der the law.
"I think we shall have to depend upon
Chinese, Japanese and Portuguese labor
ers, as heretofore. 1 do not think white
mon (no disrespect intended to the Por
tugtiese) can or will do the necessary
Held work on the plantations and if they
could the cost would be too high for the
planters."
A well-known planter in Hawaii who
prefers to withhold his name writes:
"No. Penal contracts do not obtain on
the mainland, where billions of capital are
invested in enterprises. The worklngman
in the United States Is better off than
anywhere In the world. Compare him
with one in the same walk of life in Eng
land, and yet the rich grow richer. A
penal clause Is un-American. If the co
operative system of labor has been satis
factory at'Ewa let that he the guiding
star. Invite Americans and Europeans
m ,ome and have the plantations offer
such Inducements as would assure a sup
ply. If thia fails reduce dividends oy m
-11.m! John M. Homer, planter, writes:
"I am in i'avor of a contract labor law
without a penal clause. As the woeful
meaning of our present contracts as In
terpretdd by some spiteful writers, al
though not a word of truth In them, yet
their writings are so extensively circu
lated that they will always count against
us; hence 1 would strike It out and stop
their grumbling and their holding us up
to the world as ■grasping, <»U«, u£
Christian slave-drivers. 1 I would strike
it out for that reason and have peace In
the family. Besides, I don't see as our
penal clause, as now administered, is of
any practical value, as it neither prevents
desi 1 lion nor returns deserters only in ex-
I heliftve as many desert now
as would desert if the penal clause did not
exist As laborers are not all dishonest
approximately not more than one-tenth
now desert, and they are not the best.
Tliev are mostly spendthrifts', gambiei.
and "dissipated, who run away not because
they are abused by the planters but run
away in.m their d#Dta and their disgraco.
The other nine-tenths have the same op
portunity to flesart as the one-tenth, but
they are' too honest to do that, lhey bar
gained to work a certain time and they
are determined to work it out honestly.
Then they can go with their heads up and
their certified honestly filled contracts in
their pockets. This they value as it in
proof of their honesty. We had a Japa
nese who deserted and was gone a year.
His conscience or some other power pre
vailed on him to return and work out his
contract, which he did voluntarily and
faithfully. It 1b hoped we may be permit
ted to make contracts with our laborers
for six months, one year or three years,
as the case may be. In the States farmers
are permitted to contract with a laborer
for work, and they are held by bond*
more firmly to fill their contracts than
they could be by a penal clause: These
laborers are very particular to fill their
contracts honestly, knowing that should
they desert without good cause they
would not get another job In that tWlßh
borbOdd, as every employer in that dis
trict would hear of it and refuse to hire
them This course worked well there I
never knew a laborer there to abandon
his contract. The same principle will work
here if intelligently inaugurated, in fact,
it is already working, undoubtedly it vas
the honest desire of the nine-tenths above
referred to to fill their contracts honestly
and not its penal clause that kept them
from deserting. If all employers refused
to hire a laborer unless he produced a
certificate of discharge from his last em
ployer there would be few deserters. This
WOUld have a tendency to make honesty
the best policy and be wiser and sound
more humane than penal contracts, and
] believe more effective. I have this ulse
to If our present and future Gov
• mment will BO favor our industries a*
to permit them to get labor where it is
to be had, thtn there will be no check to
our material prosperity, but if our Gov
ernment continues its present DOlldv of
refusing to permit the Importation of la
bor from Asia unless a certain per cent of
Europeans or Americans are aho im
ported and do no! let It bo known where
and how they can be obtained, then a
dark cloud overshadows our industries,
although prospects are bright but for this
dark shadow."
C, won; nineteen feet five Inches.
yard run— Edward E. Bader, S. A. C,
won.. Time, 2:07 1-5.
Throwing sixteen-pound hammer — Lymnn E.
Thaver, U. of W., won; 100 feet two inches.
220-yard George Paris, S. A. C. won.
Time. :24 4-5.
Throwing the discus— Hall, Y. M. C.
A., won; 100 feet nine Inches.
Putting sixteen-pound shot— Saunders, M.
A. A. C. won; thlrtv-eleht feet one inch.
TWO NEW STEAMERS.
California and Oriental Line to Add
to Its Fleet.
LOR ANGELES, Aug. 19.— The Califor
nia and Oriental Steamship Company,
which has for several months been op
erating a steamer line to Pacific ports in
connection with the Santa Fe system, has
found the trade so profitable that two
more steamers are to be at once added to
the present service, making a fleet of five
vessels In the trade. In an Interview to
day General Freight Agent Chambers
said:
"The owners of the California and Ori
ental line are contemplating a modern
passenger service to Oriental ports. The
plans for this purpose are now nearly ma
tured. The line will not for the present
be extended direct to Manila, although
that will be done as» soon as conditions
Justify such a course."
The company's trans-Paclflc steamer
Mne will continue to make San Francisco
a port of call. Two additional steamers
just chartored are expected to give semi
monthly service to and from the Orient.
WILL DRILL FOR OIL.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 19.— T. WTcln
sendanger of Los Angeles recently leased
900 acres of land ten miles from this city
from A. L. Den, T. M. Storke and Mrs.
J. S. Eell for oil and petroleum develop
ment, agreeing to bore three wells to a
depth ot 1200 feet. He has had oil experts
on the ground and all of them have given
it as their opinion that oil exists there
without a doubt. To-day seven beach oil
claims were tiled in the Recorder's office
by Weir.sendanger. They take In a mile
or more of the beach fronting the prop
erty nlready leased, and are located for
the purpose of protecting himself from
encroachments from outside parties.
Welnser.danger has a large amount of
capital behind him and will begin a ha!f
dozen wells within the next week. Oil has
been struck on the property adjoining
these lands.
Sewer System for Belvedere.
BELVEDERE. Aug. 19.-The bond elec
tion held here to-day resulted in a victory
for the advocates of the new sewer. The
proposition was on the issue of bonds to
construct an extensive system of sewer
ngp. It carried by a vote of 49 to 7, more
than the required two-thirds majority.
The new sewer will cover all the streets
In the village.
Wrestling Match at Angels.
ANGELS CAMP, Aug. 19.— 1n a catch
, as catch-can wrestling match between J.
1 M. Clarke of the Acme Club of Oakland
and John Wills, the latter got two falls
> and the decision.
■ , i ■♦ ■ — !
[ .Advances mads on furniture and planoa, with
j or without removal. J. Noonan, XOl7-W23 Mission.
HOLLAND WANTS
NEW TREATIES
•Afraid of American Ag
gression.
GERMAN PRESS FAVORABLE
KAISER DISSATISFIED WITH
THE SAMOAN ACT.
Sentiments Favorable to a German
Representation at Philadelphia
Exhibition Freely Ex
pressed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— An interesting
! feature of Germany's foreign policy is
! the strong rapprochement with the
j Netherlands and Belgium. The ad
j vances came from the smaller States.
! This rapprochement has made steady
i headway for some time past. The Min
j inster of the Netherlands here recently
i submitted the draft of a regular treaty
I to tho German Minister of Foreign Af
-1 fairs, Count yon Bulow. Definite ac
tion has not yet been taken, but it is a
positive fact that negotiations to that
j end are now under way. Some of the
\ Dutch newspapers, In pointing out the
! need of such a treaty, express fears of
I the United States seizing the Dutch
j colonies in Asia and the West Indies.
, The German press talk favorably of the
i project, except the pan-German organs
I and rabidly Jingo papers, which ex
press the belief that Holland and her
colonies will some day drop into Ger
many's Jaws, anyway.
The draft of the new Samoan act
j published here is substantially as it
1 appears in America. The correspond
! ent of the Associated Press learns that
I Germany will unquestionably ratify the
' work of the commission, although
I neither Emperor William nor Count
I yon Bulow is quite satisfied, consider
i ing that German interests are not ade
! quately protected by the wording of the
j new act.
Several of the most serious and influ
i ential papers, including the National
j Zeitung and the Frankfort Zeitung.
j printed strong editorials this week on
: the relations of "Germany with the
United States, vigorously reeommend
| Ing thu acceptance of invitations to the
I Philadelphia commercial exhibition. In
I connection with this matter, it is in
teresting to note that the Government
1 is imitating Philadelphia in planning
an imperial commercial museum of its
own.
While at Remscheid this week the
: Emperor made several characteristic
; remarks. To a little buy to whom his
j father intrusted a bouquet for his Ihs
; jesty, and which the little fellow was
I loth to relinquish, his Majesty said:
"Yes, what a German once has, he likes
to keep."
Considerable surprise was excited in
! Berlin when it became known that the
j Emperor would not be present at the
unveiling on Monday of the statue to
; Frederick the Great in the Sieges Allee,
although he had always declared Fred
; crick was his model, and in view of the
! fact that he did not have anything im
| portant for that date. Still, the Em
| peror prefers to go to the military pa
i rade at Mayence.
Prince Henry of Prussia will return
I from the far East in December by way
! of the United States.
Fat colonial offices are now going
begging. The Foreign Office is vainly
offering 10,000 marks salary with easy
work tn a number of small ofiieials of
Wurtemberg if they will go to the colo
nies in East Africa under two and a
; half years' contracts. Simple copying
clerks are also vainly sought for at
i 7500 marks salary. The agrarian pa
' pers have published the last alleged
! dividends of two German branches of
I the Standard Oil Company as being
! 66Vi'per cent and 47 per cent, and the
1 papers demand that the Government
put a stop to "such bleeding of the
people."
A former secretary of the Russian
I Prince Orginski, a man named
. Schneider, was arrested this week at
Pooazeten, on the charge of being at
the head of a band of forgers of Amerl
: can paper money, which has found its
i way to Berlin and tlv United States in
! largo quantities. A big x^ackage of $50
notes wag seized.
The highest Prussian court has de
rided it to be a punishable offense to
keep for sale American meats and
sausages which have net passed < ix
-1 animation. A dealer at Innveraglan,
j Posen, was fined 300 marks on this ac
-1 count.
During the month of July RSSB pieces
of American bacon and hams were in
spected in Berlin, of which number
seven were found to be trichinous.
Dr. Victor Norgaard, delegate of the
United States Agricultural Department
to the Veterinary Congress at Baden-
Baden, has been elected vice-president
of the Congress. He has gone to Co
penhagen.
BRAKEMAN KILLED.
Crushed Between Two Cars While
Making a Coupling.
SALINAS, Aug. 19.— A terrible accident,
I whether through carelessness or gross ig
-1 noranee, caused the death of Ernest Tiet
! Jen near Castrovllle last night. Tietjen.
! who had been a brakeman in the employ
lof the Southern Pacific for over nine
I years, was engaged in making up the
{ north bound freight train at Castrovllle.
I Several cars were switched off to a side
i track, on which were other cars. Tietjen
was either riding on the bumper or run
ning ahead of a car when two sections
i came together with great force, breaking
I the bumpers and pinning Tietjen between
! them.
His peril was seen by fellow-trainmen
j who signaled the engineer to go ahead.
The train moved ahead about five feet
and then suddenly hacked, catching the
unfortunate man and crushing him ter
ribly. When he was extricated life was
extinct.
Tietjen was a German by birth, a resi
! dent of San Francisco, near Valencia and
I Fifteenth streets, and leaves a widow and
a small child.
UTAH BOYS REACH HOME.
, Salt Lake Gives Greeting to Return
ing 1 Artillerymen.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 19.— Batteries A and
B. Utah Artillery, arrived from San
I Francisco at 12:30 to-day. The Midlers
: were given a hearty welcome at the flep it
jby a large and enthusiastic crowd. The
: various military organizations and civic
: societies escorted the returning volunteers
! through the decorated streets to Calders
j Park, where- the Governor and other State
! officers delivered addresses of welcome
j Responses were made by Majors R \v
Young and F. A. Grant.
After the distribution of the State
badges to all the State volunteers lunch
eon was served in tho park. All business
was suspended for the day. and thousands
of people congregated all along the line of
, march. General \V. H. Penrose wan grand
; marshal, and all the military and civic
| societies of the city and principal towns
in the State took part in the parade
Jumps From a Train.
LOS ANOET.ES. Aug. 19.-Mrs. E. F
I Jerome, who Ib presumed to reside in Bos
ton, left here on the ltith in.st. for the
East. She had a ticket to Chicago. \t
l^aguna, N. M.. she jumped from the train
I while it was going at a high speed and
! sustained some injury. She was taken to
Albuquerque, where she now Is. A letter
in her effects gave the address of B F
Jerome, 1215 Washington street, Boston'
The woman is insane-
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___—
© • . •
®A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF ©
9 NEW g"| T 1 i% A A B B 9 n c
s novelties OrPQQ S-flhriPQ n X k^ &L* i
9 in ?J I Odd itSy! lUO o viißd received. 1
2 9
9 Our "trenuous efforts have been amply rewarded by our procuring the -.
9 handsomest and choicest line of European and Domestic creations ever ex- J»
m hibited in this city. The styles for the coming fall season were never more Q
q exquisite ii. designs and colorings. They comprise the latest novelties in 0
I SILKS. DRESS GOODS. |
2 "Persian Taffetas, with Black Satin High-claw Novelty Suit .Pat terns camel's •
I I Corded Striped Effects. Illuminated *£&%$& ,„*{£ ni^beauti^ui^oTor- ©
A Striped Corded Taffetas, Grecian j n ps; SIIR and Wool fancy stripe Creponnes, 9
I m Striped Taffetas in the most beautiful plain W^^^tt &Wm\ ®
9 effects; also a complete assortment :ttlf^ r , ,•,,,,„■,.,„,, guiUngs, an entirely ©
A in the latest weaves of Black Silks; new weave, in handsome effects. 9
% -those so popular for fall wear In Black SVS°2aVoffSS %
,0 Satin de Lyon, Peau de Soi. Satin {JSJ n S. , n striped, feared and corded ef- •
! 0 Luxors, Poplins, etc. j <ei-ts, the swelfeat suits for the season. «i
j9 '" ' The above, with many other items of Interest, will be the surpassingly ®
1 A fine attractions to be placed on sale to-morrow. w
S TWO GREAT SILK SPECIALS ON SOME TEMPTING BARGAINS IN |
% SALE TO-MORROW. DRESS GOODS. |
9 4000 yards Plain and Changeable Taffeta We place on sale to-morrow a shipment of JJ
0 Silk In all the new fall shades, an ex -ep- 150 pieces 37-inch new camel hair Plaid W
• tlonally good quality. On sale ft PC/- Suitings in the newest combinations r.f col- ©
3 at ....' Yard OOt orings. well worth ?1 00, which we £S(\ n A
• al ' will offer at Yard OUt g
\ 9 2:.00 yards Faill«_-Franc«l9, a splendid 44-inrt. New Colored French Crep nnea. In 5
i 9 heavy fabric of a Tine finish, very suitable ! pretty raised effects, the most popular fab- Jj'
©for a serviceable costume, In shades of I ric this season for a swell walk suit. In 9
if brown blue green, tan. cardinal, sultan I new shades nt purple, grepn. navy, tadet. A
\9 ?nd violet, excellent value at $1 10. O.^/-- castor and brown, worth $1 50 a <C«y.sO «.
©On sale nt .: Yard OO^lsuit. On sale at Suit fj) I — g
© "Another large shipment of NEW PLAID DRESS GOODS ha Just been opened and 5?
tt is on display in our spacious show windows. They are the handsomest and most bill- •
i A !iant in colorings exhibited thus far. On sale ranging In price from ;,0c to {2 :■.<> a yard. ©
1 1 Latest SILK WAIST BARGAIN ?L£M|
S The most phenomenal Silk Waist values we have offered 1 this year will be #
S place. on sale to-morrow. 150 Black Waists, this seasons latest styles, extra A
• heavy quality. Black Swiss Taffeta, and Black Satin Duchesse, tucked front and A
• back and with tucked high-stock collar, the latest {T»jr Off » /«U a
I A • sleeves, lined throughout; in all sizes. Tour choice |{)^ 000 W CII a,
I THE GREAT BLANKET SALE. SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES, ' f
• THE GREAT BLANKET SALE, I SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES, %
■ 5 Last week's Blanket sale was a wonder. i For to-morrow (Monday) only Ino dozen a
: • it shows how eager people are when (he op- : Hemnr-d Pillow Cases, 40x.,6, regular Ci f a
9 portunity is presented to them to avail price I 2' 2 c. On sale at Each »-*.!*-< w
: A themselves of genuine bargains. Our offer <£>
T for to-morrow Is even more wonderful. ."A dozen Sheets. <2x90, regular AZZr* {ft
S 900 pairs All-wool White Blankets (Call- price 65c. On sale at Bach "*t9\* q
9 fornia manufacture), made of fine quality .r*
9 wool silk bound in pretty borders, actually The above are made of a superior quality ■»
A worth $4 50 at the unprecedented g*Q.25 muslin, torn by hand, dry laundered, ready (9
2 Offer of ....' P*ir«J>O if.. ruse. {$
§ NOTABLE WASH GOODS SAVING. f
| «a Seasons and poods must change simultaneously; our strictest rule Is to $
gL carry nothing over from one seasqn to the next. No matter what loss it a
: • may occasion, nut the goods must go, and out they will go to-morrow, ~
: 9 when the following marvelous values go on sale: *j»
9 m* YARD-FABRICS THAT WERE BOLD FROM 12^c TO 20c A YARD. About JgJ
i 9 t-K. g-^ 6000 yards, this season's styles, conveniently arranged for quick choos 9
i A r ll* The lot consists of 36-inch imported Madras cloth in checks, plaids ar.i <%
2J V/ Btripes; 88-Inch American Percales, medium and dark colors, corded Diml- q
S\J V/ ties in pretty designs and colorings. medium and dark colors, corded Dir- ->
ties in pretty designs and colorings.
I GLOVE BARGAIN EXTRAORDINARY 1
9 120 dozen 2-clasp Pique Walking Gloves (just receive I in white, black, brown. O
O tan. mode and ox blood, will be placed on sale (for to-morrow only) Q CSC W
a at fair O 3 ©
S The above Is our regular $1 25 glove. Every pair fitted and guaranteed. q
• SEE WINDOW DISPLftY. ' §
SEE WINDOW DISPLfIY.
a COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 9
Se»iaoe<»oo®eg'QOOo»»o<>gQQfta®€>ooQQQO€>oQocGQQe®eQ
DEWEY TICKETS
ARE CALLED IN
Democrats Object to His
Picture.
LAN ADMIRER OF M'KINLEY
UNITED CLUB COMMITTEE AC
CEDES TO POPULAR DEMAND.
♦
Objectionable Pasteboards Were Be
called and Others Without the
Picture of the Admiral Is
sued in Their Place.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Admiral
George Dewey's picture has been
turned to the wall by the managers of
j the projected outing of the United
j Democratic Clubs of the borough of
Queens to Ridgewood on Monday next,
' because it was said that the admiral
had expressed admiration for McKinley
and a desire for his re-election.
Several thousand tickets were issued
for the occasion, bearing an excellent
wreathed portrait of Admiral Dewey.
When they began to circulate through
Rockaway Beach members of the Dem
ocratic Club in that ward objected to
the picture, contending that the ad
miral was not a Democrat, as they said
I that they had read in the papers that
I he expressed a high regard for Presi
i dent McKinley and a desire to see him
I re-elected.
Demands on the outing committee to
recall the Dewey tickets and have
others printed without the admiral's
! picture followed the persistent circula
j tion of the story.
What arguments were used Is not
' definitely known, but the committee
I was induced to make the change de
manded. More than 1500 of the Dewey
tickets had^been sold when word was
I sent to various clubs throughout the
i borough that the first Issue would be
1 recalled. All unsold tickets were turn
! Ed in and duplicates without the ad
miral's picture were substituted, while
purchasers of Dewey tickets were told
I that they could exchange their Dewey
j tickets at different headquarters fur
the official ticket.
A careful comparison of two kinds of
tickets shows that their only difference
is the presence of the admiral** picture
! on the first and its absence from the
! second. Some of the old-time Dcmn
| crats object to the change, urging that
Dewey belongs to no party, but to the
people.
QUARANTINE COMPLAINTS
j Chamber of Commerce "Writes
to Secretary Gnqe on Lack
of Facilities.
1 Several weeks ago, when one of the large
I Oriental steamers was in quarantine hi
I tho Angel Island station, BeriOUS cmi
! p'air.t was Qade of the lack >; accoinmo
' dation and the great Inconvenience to
'which nearly all of the passengers were
put. This matter was taken up by the
I chamber of Commerce, and yesterday the
following letter was forwarded to Secre
tary of the Treasury Gage by Mr. ricott,
secretary of the local chamber:
Sir: We respectfully beg to call your
attention to the quarantine station
erected at Angel Island, bay of San
Francisco. With a thorough apprecia
tion of the plant already tnere and the
good work accomplished, we neverthe
less feel that a great deal still re-
I mans to be done to place it in the con-
I dition necessary for the requirements
of our principal port upon the Pacific
and the gateway to the Orient. The
present facilities are inadequate even
when only one ship is held in quaran
tine ami flight en
shore. When we consider, however,
the greatly increased trade of this
port with Oriental countries, neces
sarily resulting in many more vessels
arriving from those points, not to
speak of the large number of Govern
ment transports continually coming', it
will readily be seen that additional
Improvements are imperatively re
quired. Among the munt important we
mention:
First— An ample water supply, the
(■r< Bent quantity being entirely insuf
ficient tor • yen a small number of pas
sengers, abundance of water being an
absolute necessity in such a plant.
Second— Additions to the buildings for
the accommodation of cabin pas*
gfrp. On the last trip of the Nippon
Maru to this pert, although the only
vessel in quarantine at that time, 'he
' ibjn passengers, though not many in
number, were subjected to great In
convenience by being crowded to
gethtr. owing to the limited a< mmr
dations. If it had happened, as is likely
to be the caw at any time, that several
otli. r vesi ela wi ; ■ it w.i ii.i
r< adlly be seen to what extreme di*
mmfort they would be sttb-Jectfld.
Third— To facilitate the transfer of
passengers and baggage » substantial
iron jiier i= badly needed In order that
the steamers may lie alongside and do
away with the Bervice of lighters and
tugs. Commending the above sugges
tions to your courteous consideration,
w.* have the honor to subscribe o>.r
selves, sir. your obedient servants,
THE CHAMBER OP COMMERCE OF
SAX FRANCISCO.
■ ■
Reservations in Hawaii
WASHINGTON, Auk. 19.— The War De
partment hns set aside two large tracts
if land noar Honolulu as military reser
vations. One tract contains 1334 acres,
situated about three miles northwest ■ f
the city, and the ether 14.400 acres, is
nineteen miles from Honolulu and about
nine miles from Pearl Harbor.
Hicks — Does your wife ever ask you
for money? Wick? — Never. Hicks —
She must be a wonder. Wicks — But
she frequently tells me to give her
some. — Boston Transcript.
Drugs
Drugs in perfect condition to pro-
duce active medicine which properly
influences the parts of the human
organization for which it is prescribed.
Drugs you can depend upon.
Syrup of Figs 35 C
Carter's Little Liver Pills 15c
Carter's Lithia Tablets 25c
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c and 85c
Allen's Female Restorer . 70c
Swamp Root .-''■ 40c
'Angier's Emulsion 40c
Cascarets 10c, 20c and '40c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Peruna 85c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Carter's Hair Renewer 50c
Baker's Sarsaparilla 75c
Box Sedlitz Powders 25c
Thompson's Tonic , 60c
Horsford's Acid Phosphates 40c
Carter's CascaraCompound 25c
f^Dzuccisrs^ j^^^
1 1 28 Market St. *r~"
Tel. South 356. San Francisco
roth and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland
J f \NEGROES PURSUED
BY WHITECAPS
Race War Threatened in
Texas.
STATE RANGERS CALLED OUT
HUNDREDS OF NEGROES LEAVE
THE DISTRICT.
One Man Killed and Two Others
Wounded — Another Warning
Sent to the Mill-
Owners.
Ep«cia: Dispatch to Th« Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 19.— situation
In the orange lumber district of Texas
la extremely critical, and according to pri
vate advices that were received here to
day a bloody race war Is imminent, de
spite the presence of a troop of State cav
alry and a detachment of State rr ngers,
•who arrived at the town of Orange to-day,
b«lng ordered there by Governor Savers.
The serious nature of the trout ie is be
lr.K suppressed as much as p ssible by
the business men of that section.
A telegram was received here late last
r.!ght stating that the town of Orange is
virtually in the hands of a mob; that
"whltecap" organizations have warned
all negroes In that town and surrounding i
eections to leave on penalty of being killed
If they disobey the order. Hundreds of !
negroes have already left, and if the exo- ]
dus continues the whole negro population •
Will have departed by to-morrow night.
The "whltecaps" have killed one negro
end seriously wounded two others. They
have sent notices to all of the lumber
mill men warning them tTiat they will
be killed if they employ negro labor.
Borne of tho largest mills have already
Bhut down; others will attempt to run un
der the protection of the militia and
rangers.
The better class of white citizens or
Orange and in the lumber camps of that
region are endeavoring to restore quiet
and prevent further killings. Governor
Payers to-day offered a reward of $200 in
each caFe for the arrest and conviction of
the members of the mob who are killing \
and intimidating the negroes.
MINIATURE CYCLONF
DOES SOME DAMAGE
Outbuildings Wrecked and Trees
Stripped of Their Fruit
Near Los Gatos.
LOS GATOS, Aug. 19.— The Novitiate of
the Sacred Heart, situated in the hills a
Quarter of a mile above Los Gatos, was
visited by a miniature cyclone on Tues
day. It was first seen in its inception at
a large cak tree fifty feet from the main
entrance «to the novitiate and at the far
ther end of a large plateau. Following a
northeasterly direction in its course of
destruction, it spent its fury for a time in
a row of gum trees in a. deep gulch below
the novitiate, stripping trees and carrying
branches a hundred feet into the air. Re
turning in almost a circular direction, it
ewe-pt over the entire front of the college
building, carrying away wifh terrific force
all loose dirt and gravel. Again following
a northerly direction and reaching the ad
joining ranch owned by \Y. O. Johnson, It
EP<=-nt its fury.
Johnson, who was at work in his or
chard, seeing the cycione approaching.
Bought shelter. He had hardly reached
his house when a shed fourteen feet
srjuare. newly built, was struck and car
ried off. It was found next day a quar
ter of a mile away, fit only for firewood.
The tornado stripped his prune trees of
fruit and carried everything- portable up
tr.tn the air over a hundred feet. .
The inception and progress of the cy- I
clone was witnessed by the fathers and !
■brothers of the novitiate and by the fol
lowing visitors who happened to be pres
ent at the time: W. Flynn of Dublin, Ire
land; Professor John Leonard of Santa
Clara College. J. Montgomery, a noted in
ventor, Mrs. Mary Brazil of San Francis
co and Mr. Mullin of Los Gatos.
T O CHANGE IN RATES
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific Fares
to Stand.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 19.-A special
carrying a party of Railroad Com
nr-rs from several of the States of
liddle West will arrive In Los An
within a few days. The party Is in
charge of Cicero J. Lindley, chairman of
the State Board of Railroad Comnr. -
ers of Illinois, and numbers about seven
ns. The gentleman and those
with them have been In attendance upon
th f - annual convention of State Ra
ners, which has just adj
at Denver, and . this city
in Blackstock of Ventura.
Is the Ca Railroad Commis
frum this district, arrived in this
-day from the convention. Diseuss
lng the probability of a readjustm
on the Southern Pacific
Fe wh- n the latter system shall
• d San Francisco, Judge Black
"There will be no change in the present
rat^s. in my opinion. I think tl
about right. If the roada inter
i a hearing the Rail
road ( 'ornmipsion would, of course, go into
the Bi
PASSES CALLED IN
Officials and Legislators of Texas
Unpleasantly Surprised.
AUSTIN, Tex.. Aug. 19.— Governor Sav
ers, Attorney General Smith and all
the members of the State Government,
::ng the State legislators, were very
much surprised to receive a circular let
ter to-day from General Superintendent
Tdcc of the International and Great
Northern Railroad. r> questing thr-m to
::: the annual pa*.-<?s which had been
d to th* m r tad. The basis
• is that the law passed
tiif; last Legislature which makes it a fel
. : -id companr official or. em
: to give a rebate on freight ship.
i also applies to passei.ger transpor
■
legislature had no su^h intention
the law passed. Similar action will
l •■ ■ ken by all the other road^ in Texas.
The new law goes into effect on August J6.
New Hall for Odd Fellows
B [SUN, Aug. 19.— The Birds Landing
lent Order of Odd Fellows,
a large hall in that town. Tho
building will be completed about tho mid
r, and its opening will be
made the occasion <",f a celepration by 60
--lano County o<M Follows.
ExtraPalc
possesses an individual
snap and flavor not
found in any other
malt beverage— it is
this virtue that makes
Wieland's beer so
popular. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
NATIONAL FRATERNAL
CONGRESS SOON TO MEET
Y?=^ EL.EGATES to the thirteenth annual Fesslons at the National Fraternal
Cor.gTess -will convene In Chicago next Tuesday. There will be 150 dele
)) pates from all over the country, representing fifty-two societies, with a
Ji — yj membership on Januarj- 1, ISS9. of 3.000.000. All of the leading fraternal
beneficiary societies of the United States and Canada are represented In
the congress, as the Royal Arcanum. Royal Leaß^ie. Independent Order of Forest
ers, Modern Woodmen, the Maccahee? a:.d others. The total amount of protection
or insurance In force on January 1, ISM. of these fifty-two societies was more
than $T ■ • In ] V T^ these organizations paid In losses $40,000,000, not includ
ing: the hundreds of thousands of dollars distributed by the local lodges in the
way of charity. The expense of management was a little more than $3,000,000.
The medical section and the Fraternal Press Association of the
National Congress will meet in Chicago at the Bame time. The
medical section of the Fraternal Congress is composer! of the chief medical
officers of the societies, and will discuss questions pertaining to that branch of
the work. The Fraternal Press Association Is a section composed of the editors
of official and Independent journals devoted to the interests of fraternal bene
ficiary societies. The officers of the CongTess are: D. E. Stevens, president. Phila
delphia. Pa.; Oronhy Atekha. M. D., vice president, Toronto. Ont.: M. W. Sackett,
secretary and treasurer, Meadville. Pa.: F. O. Van Galder, president Press Asso
ciation. Sycamore, 111.: A. L. Hereford, chairman press committee, Springfield,
111.; Charles E. Bonnell, chairman local committee, Chicago.
Two important questions will be decided by this congress: First, a revision of
the proper table of rates on which fraternal societies will operate; and, secondly
and most Important, '"the advisability of the establishment of a reserve fund for
beneficial societies."
FATALLY WOUNDS
THE WRONG MAN
Redlands' Night Watch
man in Peril.
LYNCHING IS THREATENED
TRAGEDY ATTENDS THE PUR
SUIT OF A CRIMINAL.
Culprit Makes His Escape, but His
Driver Is Brought Down by a
Bullet From the Officer's
Revolver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
P.EDLANDS. Aug. 19.— shooting
of Charles Hawley by Night Watchman
Walker this evening has thrown Red
lands into such excitement as has not
prevailed here in years. Armed with
warrants Night Watchman Walker,
Constable Rivera and the City Marshal,
proceeded to search a resort conducted
on East State street by Ed Daniels,
where it was alleged Daniels had been
selling intoxicating liquors contrary to
the city ordinance. Daniels became
aware of the intentions of the officers
and upon their approach ran to the
Club stables, on East State street, or
dered a rig and driver and left the city,
Night Watchman Walker pursuing on
a bicycle.
Overtaking the rig about two miles
west of this city, on Brookside avenue,
Walker commanded Daniels to stop,
but he did not obey. Then Walker fired.
Hawley, the driver, fell to the bottom
of the buggy. Daniels took the lines
and continued the flight.
Walker then entered the buggy of
William Michaels, who was following
the chase. They continued after Dan
iels, but their horse was not speedy
enough. Losing sight of the fleeing
pair, they were compelled to give up
the chase, which was continued by
Constable Rivera, who had arrived on
the scene.
When about six miles west of this
city they found Hawley and the rig at
a farmhouse, where Daniels had aban
doned them and continued on across
country on foot.
Rivera brought Hawley to this city.
Physicians were summoned and a
hasty examination disclosed the fact
that he was shot in the back of the
head just above the right ear, the ball
passing through the brain, emerging
at the right temple. Hawley will not
live twenty-four hours.
A warrant has been issued for
Walker and he will be placed under ar
rest and confined in jail for safe-keep
ing. There is strong talk by citizens of
lynching Walker, for they maintain he
had no right to shoot Hawley.
Officers are in hot pursuit of Daniels,
and it is thought he will be captured
soon.
INVESTORS LOSE MONEY.
Cash Put Into a Klondike Venture
Will Not Come Back.
LOS AXGELES, Aug. 19.— A number of
Los A: geles people who during the Klon
dike excitement two years ago invested
considerable money in the Klondike and
Boston 'Jold Mining and Manufacturing
Company are anxious to know what has
become oi George M. Reed. Reed was the
inventor o* a dry washer, the ownership
of the pattnts on which was the basis of
the compai.v. Reed started for the Klon
dike about a y*ar ago with a number of
the machine *, and the local stockholders
have been unable to get any traces of him
since. The h< me office of the company is
in Boston, Mass. Inquiry by letter there
fails to bring any responses. The com
pany is incorporated for $1,000,000 under
the laws of Colorado.
Northrop an Ex-Convict.
ST'ISTN. Aug. IS.— Robert J. Northrop
who with Mrs. Ma Ichtertz is awaiting
trial here on a charge of stealing grain
Irom farms in the vicinity of Winters, is
an old offender. N >rthrop was for years I
a resident of Sacranento. and after leav- !
ing the capital city was convicted of j
stage robbery in Met-docino County. Since
serving his term in the penitentiary at
Folsom he has been earning a living by
working on farms about Duloo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20. 1899.
BRIGHT ARE THE
PROSPECTS FOR
THE STATE FAIR
Big Premium for Bet
ting Privilege.
B. W. CAVANAUGH SECURES IT
HE OFFERS AN ADDITIONAL $500
FOR A SPECIAL RACE.
The Stake Races Have Attracted
Twenty Per Cent More Entries
Than Last Year — Success
ful Meeting Assured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 19.— At ameetlng of
; the board of directors of the State Agri
: cultural Society this afternoon privileges
] at the State Fair were sold for a much
larger amount than last year. A year ago
! the betting privilege at the track sold for
, $12,000. This year it sold for $17,762 50. the
successful bidder being B. W. Cavanaugh,
a well-known politician and bookmaker of
; Sacramento. The other bid was from
, Humphrey & Schwartz, but it was under
j stood that several San Francisco sporting
men were interested in the firm. The
: amount of their bid was $17,300. Last year
! the programme privilege brought $504.
Thi= year Senator Frank W. Leavitt paid
$825 tor it. There were two other bidders
. for tho programme. Chase & Mendenhall
offering $560 and J. C. Langenderfer $604.
I Both privileges sold for an unusually
i large amount of money. This is attributed
i to the fact that the bidders felt assured
1 that the coming fair will be one of the
most Buccessful ever held in Sacramento.
Th<- management has put forth every ef
fort to give the visiting public the worth
of their money, and the fact is so well
known that there is small doubt that Sac
ramento will be filled with strangers on
■lay of the two weeks' meeting.
Mr. cavanaugh, who received the bet
. ting privilege, has offered $500 additional
for a special race to be run on Sacra
! mr-ntn day. the race to be named by the
' president of the Agricultural Society
1 This year there are 20 per cent more en
tries in the stakes than there were last
year, and demands have been mad* for
stalls for more than 250 runners. A car
; load of horses arrived unexpectedly from
Montana this week, and another is on the
way. The directors have offered two ad- ;
ditlonal trotting purses, one of $500 for '■
: double-team free-for-all trot or pace, and
■ another of $300 for road horses owned in
I Sacramento County eligible to the 2:20
i clasp. The following horses have been
named:
Free-for-all pacing, nomination purse $1500—
Don. Florita. Al Gre^or, Fanny Putnam, Much
I Better, Beachwoofl, Joe Wheeler.
2:12 paclriK. nomination puise $1000— Arthur
; W. Don, Florita, William Harold. Monteclto :
Boy. I Direct, Hazel H. Mollle Nurse, BUI I
I Frazler, Beachwood, Dlawood.
J.!.". class, pacing-, nomination purse $1000 — 1
' Arthur W, De Bernardl Barker. Don, Prim- I
j ruse, Ketchum, Monteclto Boy, Diawood, Annie
I Rooney, Alta Genoa, Harvey Me, Belie W
j Mollie Nurse, Thera, Deceiver.
Free-for-all trot, nomination purse $1500—
; Bundle, Klamath. Clay S, Galette Wilkes,
I Prince Gift, Hazel Klnney, Neeretta. Toggles, i
: 2:13 trotting, nomination purse jlOuO — Iran j
I Alto, Sable Francis, Clay S. Claudius, Dollican j
i Thompson. Galette Wilkes, Bonzallne, Hazel !
Klnney, Neeretta.
I 2U6 trotting, nomination purse $1000— Mamie !
Riley, Daymont, Dr. Frasse. Sable Francis,
Stella, Conn, Mabel McKinney, Shelby. Dol- !
lican, Ned Thorne, Bonzaline, Addlson, Neer- i
etta. Sue, Theron. Lumsden nomination of '
Myrtle to be ruled upon.
; 2:19 class, trotting, nomination purse $1000
: Hazel Y. Twilight, Fanadma, Certralpll.
j Shelby, Athavls, Lroihinvar, Dolly D, Llster-
I me, Alex B. Lumsden nomination of Myrtle
I to be ruled upon.
THREE KILLED BY
EXPLODING BOILERS
Four Others Were Seriously Injured
at the Pittsburg Brick Com
pany's Works.
PITTSBURG, Kan., Aug. 19.— Two of the
boilers at the Pittsburg Vitrified Brick
Works exploded to-day, and the eng!ne*r,
fireman and a yardman were instantly
killed and four other employes were in
jured. The engine and boiler houses were
demolished.
The dead are: David Boyd, James Hol
nan and Henry Heath.
UNIT RULE IS
TO PREVAIL ST
THE CONVENTION
Republicans Freeze
Out Bosses.
LEAGUE DELEGATES CAUCUS
NOMINATIONS WILL NOT BE
MADE WEDNESDAY.
Sheldon Kellogg Will Be Elected
Chairman and Adjournment
Taken to a Time When the
Committee Is Ready.
•
The unit rule Is to prevail at the com
ing Republican convention. This much
1 was decided last night when 175 of the 200
: delegates elected by the Central Republi
j can Committee, otherwise known as the
Central Republican League, caucused at
I Golden Gate Hall. Tho bosses are to be
j allowed nothing In the county commit
| tee. Memberships In the districts In
which they won were declared vacant last
night by resolution and will be filled by
the league when the convention Is ready
for business.
The convention will not be ready for
business on Wednesday, the date set by
the Kelly and Crimmins faction. Pursu
ant to the plan adopted last night, the
only business to be done on Wednesday
19 the election of a permanent chairman
| and secretary, and Sheldon Q. Kellogg
of the Forty-first District and James A.
Wilson of the Thirty-sixth were declared
the caucus delegates for those positions.
After the election the convention is to be
! adjourned; unless in the next three days
j some unlooked-for change la made.
This programme was not decided upon
without a right. There were many in the
caucus who held out for proportionate
representation. They claimed that In the
districts in which Kelly and Crimmins
won they should be allowed to name their
committeemen. Delegates from the Thir-
I ty-sixth and Thirty-seventh were partic
j ularly emphatic in voicing this opinion,
and the argument that resulted and th«
subsequent vote so incensed the delegates
from the Thirty-sixth that they bolted
I the caucus and left the hall vowing ven
i geance. It was the Dod^e programme
J that won out, and notwitnstanding the
I deflection of the Tiirty-sixth. the Dodge
programme was the unanimous choice of
■ the caucus; the bosses lost on their iast
i hope, and although It was midnight when
the meeting broke up and a good bit of
wrangling had ensued, it was as harmoni-
I ous and unanimous a body and as strong
' ly resolved against boss rule as when it
first went into the fight.
The first important action of the dele
gates assembled was to agree upon cau
: cus rules. The meeting was called as a
j conference, but the spirit of unanimity
was so pronounced from the beginning
that caucus was agreed upon. The dis
cussion of the evening was precipitated
by the following resolution:
Whereas. At a. Joint conference of the ex
ecutive committee of the Central Republican
Commute? and the chairmen of the several dis
trict delegations held Aug-uat IT, lSl*3, resolu
tions were adopted whereby a plan for the
formation of a county committee was
formulated; and whereas. Bald resolu
tions provided that each district be
represented in said county committee by
four representative?, and that the Central Re
publican Committee be empowered to appoint
eighteen representatives at large; and whereas,
by said resolutions the districts represented In
the coming municipal convention by City Re
publican League delegates were allowed to
select their own representatives In said County
("'■mmlttee, while such districts as failed to
elect City Republican League delegates were
to be considered vacancies to be filled by a
committee of five appointed by the chairman
of the executive committee of the Central Re
publican Committee of the City Republican
Leagues, whose work is to be subsequently in
dorsed by the caucus, now, therefore, be It
Resolved, That this caucus fully Indorse*
the action of the joint conference.
Charles Nagle of the Thirty-sixth imme
diately moved as a substitute that each
district be represented in the committee
by members selected by the delegates who
won out. Then began the wrangle. The
members of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty
seventh backed Nagle strongly. They ar
gued from every point for proportional
representation, but were beaten out in the
end. The Dodge people won, and the
Thirty-sixth walked out In a huff.
Zenas Dodge, as chairman, called the
meeting to order, and Sheldon Kellogg
was elected temporary chairman and
George W. Lewis secretary. The chair
man of each delegation will submit the
names of three delegates, and from them
the committee will select the members of
the committees on credentials and perma
nent organization and order of business.
Wednesday's convention, according to
programme, will be adjourned as soon as
the chairman and secretary are elected.
The committee will not be elected umil
the second sittings
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Changes, Land Office Decisions
and Pensions Granted.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The Commis
sioner General of the Land Office has de
cided in the case of Elizabeth Gaskell vs.
Theodore D. Huncan et al., involving land
in the Visalia Land District, California,
that the question as to the character of
the land has been tried and finally deter
mined in previous cases and cannot be
made the basis of a second contest and
that the allegation as to the non-reclam
ation of the land is premature.
Army orders— By direction of the As-
I sistant Secretary of War the following
named enlisted men will be discharged
from the service of the United States by
their respective commanding officers: Re
cruits Frank J. Arthur, Michael J. Coa
tello, Carl M. Desantis, Charles P. Dur
■ gin. William G. Gass. Charles E. Haese.
' ler, Frank Kirkner, Louis Loras, George
Lyndall, Charles O. Lyons, Thomas S.
i Mason. George Pickrell, Thomas E. Tay-
I lor, Charles F. Tolles, John Buckley, Wil
liam H. Cousins, Harry Engel, John L.
Lomansey. Robert B. Mason, John Pow
ers, Charles Roedel, Henry Schwartz,
George C. Arnold, Henry A. Bishop, John
1 H. Conrad, Timothy Clare, John E. Coles,
'• John Gersh, Jay G. Holland, Lawrence
Hughes. George C. Louthain, Theodore
Raymond, Frank M. Said. Eugene Tur
ner, William A. Wieser, William B. Wil
liams, general service, and James McGov
ern. Eighteenth Infantry, unassigned;
John Dempsey, Twenty-second Infantry,
unassigued. Presidio, San Francisco.
Colonel Alfred Mordecai, Ordnance De
partment, will proceed from Benicia Ar
senal to the works of the California Pow
der Company, Santa Cruz, on official busi
ness pertaining to the manufacture of
powder, and on the completion of this
duty will return to his proper station.
Henry S. Sullivan, Company L. Twenty
first Infantry, Philippine Islands, Is trans
ferred as a private to Company D. Sixth
vlnfantry. at that station.
" Colonel Joseph F. Evans of Oakland,
commissary of subsistence, Manila, has
been honorably discharged to take effect
September 2.
Pensions— Calif ornia— Original : Samuel
B. Hinckley, Riverside, $6; William M.
O'Farrell, San Diego, $6; Leonard F. Da
vis, San Diego, $12. Reissue and Increase.
William S. Reynolds, Los Gatos, $6 to $8.
Oregon— Original: James H. Nies, Dal
las, |6; William A. McCilly, Joseph, $6.
Washington— Original: James W. Sny
der, Egypt, $10. Increase (special, August
10): James P. Watkins, Anatone, $4 to $6;
Thomas J. Holcomb, Colby, $6 to $8.
Wants a Full Vote.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 19.— 1n line wHh
his previous action in endeavoring to see
that a full vote is polled at the forthco*n
ing water bond election, Mayor Eaton to
day is&ued a circular calling upon all busi
ness men to grant their employes a half
holiday on the 23d that they may be en
abled to cast their votes for or against
the bonds. ■
Plague Spreading in Spain.
MADRID, Aug. 19.— Advices received
here to-day show that two new cases of
the plague have developed at Oporto and
two cases have also appeared at Barcelos,
Portugal, a town nine miles west of
Braga,
THE EMPORIUM.
<<#te*" •& MdXSbd mmm ' 1 ■ -^ %!***"''* '"^^it*
iisi HIE emporium skM I
A?- •TillbtW-awstclabor. ■^^i^l^«^U l^«lT^**^l T<3m SkJT* ™ Grandest Store-^f^y *
ft BBtfBBPMM ■ Beautiful Dress Goods, Silks, Neckwear, Trimmings and J
**wm**BBBBB. t^ e first arrivals of Fall Millinery start the season with J
FjrfaafoSf^ vim and vigor. The big store makes it an object to you *
*"''**"* "*** to buy here and buy now. Early extras as never before. 3
Autumn Dress Goods. Autumn Silks. |
Striking Plaids tb.9 most complete ani prettiest collection A gorgeous ensemble of Silk beauty-creation 3 from the lead- JJ
in town. A hundred rich novelties shown for the first time. ing loom? of Europe and America at introductory prices that i
The new weaves are here in all of the new color harmonies will surprise and delight you when you see these exquisite,
for Fall an! Winter. fabric?. *
Mohair Cheviots— s2 inches wide, extra heavy weight. 12 of 21-inch Satin Stripe Taffeta — a very handsome shirt waist silk <g
the new Fall coloring, complete dress pattern $4*50 in n2w Fall colorings — Der yard ~..51*00 ♦
Wide Wale Novelty — inches wide, strictly all wo>i. reli- 21-inch J-.cquard Striped Taffeta— in the delicate Fall shading ♦
able dye?, complete dress patterns. $6*oo of heiiot ope, cjrato, bluet, turquoise, etc.— per yard J
Al!-Wool Granite — 52 inches wide, stylish and durable, •ew .7. $1.1 0 J
weave. new colorings, complete dress pattern -$7.50 21-inch open-work — solid-color ground — one of the big
Zibi Suiting inch;s wide, the vary latest fabric for store's exclusive novelties for evening wear — per yard
tailor suits — navy, gray and grayish blue, complete dress •• $1*25 +
pattern - $7*50 21-inch Corded D:chess% with dotted ground — a beautiful line ♦
Colored Crepons— 44 inches wide, one of th 9 most stylish of of Fall coloriags in this fabric— yard $1.25 ♦
the new Fall fabrics, 6 cjlorings, compete dres3 pattern*... 22- inch Fancy Corded Duch 833, with fancy figured s ripes — 'J
$7.50 yei 7 rich colorings — the new bluet, purple, fuchsia, etc. — J
Arnurer Cloth — 4> inches wide, new effects, in the late-*' Fill per ard $1*35 +
colorings, complete dress pattern $0.00 22-inch hemstitched stripe, with small dotted grounds — another ' V
Satin Finish Radzimer, 48 inches wide, high luster, 8 -tyl : of the bg store's exclusive novelties— s — purple, < +
Fal 1 colorings, complete dress pattern $10.50 naw, gray, heliotrope and white — dresses or shirt waists, ♦
New Whip Cord — 52 inches wide, one of the best wearing dress per yard ~..5t.50 ♦
goods made, in pretty shades of tan, green, brown and nayy — 21-inch Colored Satin Dachesse — complete line of new Fall J
ccmpl te dress pattern $12*00 colorings — the correct and charming materials for shirt J
' '2*4% - ' m*\m mm- m**. waists to ba worn with plaid s irts— per yard ....SI.OO J
f*p£*lFMf*St PB2§BtM& M*rO~ 21-inch Blac < Peau de Soie— a beautiful, soft finish and good- J
m a «#'»»»«^'«»» m .9..*.'** .. %m wearing silk— handsome for complete costume or skirt— per •$
duced. yard • •""^:^~""" f' 35 ;
SS-inch Fancy Plaid — combination colorings — yellow, brown, Black Dress Fabrics. ?!
green, blue and black-per yard 50o*"* lflU " *** C?OO *T 4USWB UZ*&. J
44-inch Granite Plaid large, stylish patterns, the newest FhJi '. Autumn styles ready. There can be but one headquarters "his
colormgs per yard 750 \ Fall for Black Crepon. See our inimitable, unsurpassed collec- <•
44-inch Farcy P. aids— basket weave, very Btylish. rich c or I tion. These additions to the already large stock came during ♦
csmbinttions peryarl 750 j the past week: " It
42-inch Camel's Ha Plaids— the newest, most-sought-for mi- i 41-inch English Mohair Crepon — lustrous, in 10 different *
terials for skirts or overs'drts — per yard QOc I designs, including novelty striped effects, complete suit pat- J
46-inch Zbi me P. Aids— stylish and durable, an ideal fabric for terns $10*50 i
Fall and Winter wear— per yard $I*OO 48- inch Satin Sedan— a beautiful, satin- finish fabric the cor- 2
46-inch Shetland Plaids — a hand ome, rough-fin suiting, in re* t weave for a swell tailor suit per yard.. ......... $7*75 •#
gree , re ', purple, yellow, black and blue — co or combinv 54-inch Clay Serge— standard dye and finish, sponged and <■
tions— per yard $1*25 shrunk, a leader in the big store" at per yard- $1.59 ♦
Golf Pia ; ds — 50 inches wile, with plain-colored cloth o same 58 inch Clay Coating — heavy weight, sponged and *
material to much — makes the most stylish suits of th^ shrunk — perfect shade of black and exceptional valu9 at — *
season— per yard $I*so per yard $2*oo 2
_- . ♦
S¥Bf%ntS&\F To-morrow we begin another week of the special one-day }
uwß*J>Bß%mcmjj sa i es that create such a furor during the month of July: *
StJGCi&IS Only staple up-to-date merchandise will be offered. See J
%9fß&^B€Sß^m our daily « ads » in morn i ng papers. These Are the %
Specials for Monday Only. *
Patriotic Shoes $1.48. 1 Bedspreads, \
mfS*T%*n a ri^ ' I =^ff~^ f Monday Only — La- tffrO ISZ *
VSOOUS. j r{ 1 dies' box Calf Button &**£.§&. *
Patriotic Citizens who are making I A N Shoes, new coin toes with MnmH-*\» />«#«_o »„«, -# »-. 2
ready tow.com- our boys in the latter • Vlf box calf tips, sewed soles, iLvsf£l?i PB T °' "fi i
■part'of this wee. will Appreciate th^sa j ¥\J a wear - well, graceful T^l Itvfuh A?^ ? ™ ai^ J
reduced prices for Monday Only k;\\ looking walking boot, S o/r V vS""^^), X 9° *
50c Bun inette Flags-siz3 £oxso inches l\V. \ sold regularly for J n « our $" TalQ for th |, f_ «
-Bpecial forth? one da -each 300 I^\_VS* \ 52.50 per pair, Qay ""• **•*» «
Larg- Paper Shi Ids — regu arly 10c *^#C/*SH*<K all size?, for this *
t£ch- Special on Monday '. 80 V_ V<, one day If #»#*!/ &Bit*BT % B2m > B 1-
Small Paper s=hi,ldi— r^nlarly 5c ea.h— Ji_2 $I*4B w *"" JT **§***"****§. ♦
special on Monday. 4o _ _^______ .^mmßssessi .■■ ~~ — " — — ♦
Flag Bd? s — regularly 5c each — specia' -_ — - <^^^^^^^^j ♦
on Monday..... .' 4O GOlTifOi*s&rSm ER^T^pjp?
POrCeiain 98C Monday only — large-size Corn }
**I*%*T*U*± OOa Monday Only-Full size Silkoline Poppers-regu.ar.y 15c each-for the j
IOGkSm 98C. C^mfortfrs, figured patterns on both one da - »"" -£i'^JS? J
CEO m^-^^.. sides, either tufted or quilted, liberally - j^m ' UU> " * I
J:^^^_ «JJJ n< fty filled with good white" cotton, a $'.35 Qo>~ t ?" h f^~ *
TmCc^^K O "f y T J' 89 value, for the one day 980 A/ ~^S/ "' vt" ! «
*y^^^\ pretty, hand- • \^%. / quality gray J
w /Sart^kilaV'H painted Porce- |j »m M—Smm mm. ~-~ enamel ware
risk 1-' sen! !ain Bouioir MwSiß3i€inS>m Roasting Pans— shape like picture— *
\ la\s^/ IlBtV Clocks— as- a* * *%*% M regu'arly 550 — special for the <«
tWif sorted tints $1 &•**%* UOZOSIb JS^J^"'"'"-*" "~: 3 ° *
ir i nt y floral Monday only— extra heavy quality *
J^<^TsvX^L>v. decorations — Monday Only — flax, Irish gray enimel- | . ♦
MGs&irst^r^n^ guaranteed Linen Napkins, Calf bleached, actual ed ware Jelly /^&_ '^^^. X
flf^L^£|y£: - " ni timB ' size 203^ inches q< are, th-y become Cake Pans ' -=-^!§ll|Hi *
J^^^asag^^aa.'g^^P keepers — pc- "white as Fncw" after a few washings, medium size, ~ =^T~!^ '*
i^ ' cial for the one heavy quality, no dressing, real value regu'arly 15c ' =~,-,r,
— each QBo $1.75 dozen, for the one $1.38 each— speci .1 for the one day Qo 4
Three-Day Special Sales. J
A Manufacturer's Sample Line of BELTS Goes on Sale j
Monday and until Wednesday Night if Quantity Lasts, <
For Three Days Only— big store offers a manufacturer's %
fi' !; ''i 'iM ! . l , 7^^^^^^gj7JTlTTT]7]T?n]] sample line of Ladies' and Men's Belts at the lowest prices ever *
•■^ i^^^gS^— ''''■' quoted for Belts in this or any other State. There are about 1500 *
=^^£^^^ " styles in the lot — no two alike — the original retail prices range %
» N ,,. ,^.. xyr<pr^--> ?i7a>i^<.;^i rom 15c to $2.50 each. We have divided the entire assortment *
ff^v^v^j rEi T^'-Sr: -^ '"fe^.^^l into three great lots, and for Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday have J
••*■'"' ' tfi '- z::: \ — . marked them : • ♦
7c,14c and 28c Each. *
Grocery Specials. Liquor Specials. «
Same Extraordinary Offerings for For Three Days— Best Bargains . J
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday Only. The Big Store Has Yet Offered* *
Corn— Bl l cases of best Maine Corn, regularly 2 cans fo- We, Whiskey— 500 bottles of Kei tucky Bourbon Whiskey, full ♦
spec-- or 3dys 6 cans for ...SSo -^ quarts, good quality, for the 3 days, ocr •
Babbitt's Soap-Tor 3 days only, 29 bars f-. $i.OO EJ $2 t t i c -" li;y1 i;y :>• 6S O J
Candies— Good quality 5 10-oz. Candles, for 8 days, per fa White Wine— A quality that we will J
dozen ; tic 'Ll guarantee— special for 3 days, per gal- J
Crescent Cream- Unsweetened, quaky guaranteed. , fiL 'on ~.4Gg «
for 3 flays, 3 cans for '. 25c / /V\ Champagne—^Arpad Hara=zthy & «
Salt— Pure English snow-white Silt, 5-lb sacks, regularly 10c '//7#M//A==» Co.'s extra aiy E? ipse Champagne— «
ea h special for the 8 days at 6c -^filg/// 7////JS Case of 1 dozen quarts, regularly $14.50, «
Castile Soap— Genuine French, the best qua'itr, /arge N»^/__^— a for 3 days $10. 00 ■ *
bars, special f»r 3 days, 2 for 45c , T Oyr^tffl, Case of 2 dozen pints, regularly $17, for 3 I
tola— Works like Sapolio, for 3 days, 9 cak sf r lOC I i *V ■[.'/, days „ $11. 00 3
COCOa Shells— Regularly 3ks for 25c, for the 3 cays ; ,<*±»<«H=»r^ Single pint bottles sOc «
6 lbs for  250 \ • c^ => Single quart bottles $f.OO *
CATHOLIC CHURCH
DESTROYED BY FIRE
While Fighting the Flames Three
Firemen Were Injured by
Falling Debris.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 19.— St. Paul's Oer
man Catholic Church was burned to-day
and several adjoining buildings were dam
aged. The total loss is estimated at $120.
--000 The church was being remodeled and
the fire started from the supplies of the
* Joseph Sulre, a confectioner, lost $I^.ooo,
and H. Houseman, tobacco factory, f2o<X>.
Lampkings' dry goods store. Watkins dry
goods store and Rothand's drug store
were badly damaged.
The church was full of scaffolding,
which assisted the rapid spreading of the
flames. None of the rich altar appoint
ments were saved. The stained windows
were secured in 1890 at a cost of $20,000.
and included the one that took the first
premium at the World's Fair the previous
year. The chimes were also very va.u
able. The alarm of fire was given iust
after mass at a funeral. Fireman Charle3
O'Brien, Dennis Doherty and Peter Pur
cell were badly injured by falling debris.
Demand for Farm Labor.
SUISUN. Aug. 19.— Reports from vari
ous farming and orchard districts are to
the effect that a greater scarcity of labor
prevails this season in this vicinity than
in many years past. The result is that
wages have been advanced to that of for
mer years, when the prosperity of the dis
THE EMPORIUM.
trict was great. There has been a great
demand for labor during the past week.
Many farmers and orchardists have ')een
Ehort of help and their small working
forces were compelled to work overtime.
PRUSSIAN DIET REJECTS
THE ENTIRE CANAL BILL
Prince Hohenlohe Says It Will Still
Remain on the Orders of
the Day.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— The lower house of
the Prussian Diet fo-day rejected the en
tire canal bill by a vote of 225 to 147, thir
ty-two of the members abstaining frcm
voting. The bill for the Dertmund-Rhine
canal alone was rejected by a vote of 275
to 135. three of the members abstaining
from voting.
Before the vote was taken Prince
Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chancellor, de
clared that even if the canal bill were re
jected it would remain on the orders of
the day. The attitude of the Conserva
tives toward the measure will materially
affect their relations with the Govern
ment.
Big Purchase cf Almonds.
BRENTWOOD, Aug. 19.-H. R. Llpman
and A. F. Lobree. repiesentir.g the firm
of Rosenburg Bros. & Co. of San Fran
cisco, were the successful bidders this
afternoon for 2<jO tons of almonds" con
trolled by the Contra Costa Almond Grow
ers' Association of Brentwood. Five city
firms put in bids. The amount of the salo
was $35,000.
THi EMPORIUM.
YAQUIS DEFEATED
BY MEXICAN CAVALRY
Indians Have Divided Into Small
Bands and Adopted Their Old
Guerrilla Tactics.
CHIHUAHUA. Mexico, Aug. 19.— The
military authorities here were to-day of
ficially advised of a battle that took place
yesterday between a force of about 310
Yaqui Indians and three troops of Mexi
can cavalry about thirty miles north, of
Torin.
The Yaquis were defeated and their
force scattered into small bands. Three
Yaquis and one Mexican soldier were
killed. No list of wounded is given. Th«
Yaquis are now adopting their old guer
rilla tactics of warfare. Skirmishes occur
■wvth these roving bands of braves almost
daily. There is no prospect of the war
coming to an early end.
Found Dead in Bed.
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Aug. 19.— Iiouis
Curl, a resident of Rocklin, a native of
Philadelphia, GS years of age, was found
dead in his bed in one of the cottages
yesterday. Coroner Lawrence of Lake
County held an inquest last night. No
autopsy was held, but Dr. Clark testified
that Curl died from general debility. He
was walking about the grounds an hour
before he was found dead. Deceased was
a railroad carpenter and car inspector.
He was an unmarried man, and his only
relatives are iwo nieces who reside at
Rocklin. He was a Mason.
Advances made on furniture and plane*, with
or without removal. J. Noonaa, 1017-1023 Mission.
56
SUNDAY AUGUST 20, 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to-W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
. Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL R00M5...,.., to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main iß7i.- •
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IB CEJfTS PER WEEK. '
Single Copies, 6 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage: .
J)AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), on* year 90. 00
pAILT CALL. (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), I months .... I.CO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5o
FONDA? CALL One Year.., 1.50
WEEKLY CALL On« Tear '. 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to recelvj subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. 906 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquetto Building,
- . Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON .....Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKENS JR .. .29. Tribune Building
. CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. , ' .
Pturman House; P. •O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. . •
• NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. _^ . • ~f ,:-/;,"
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. Wellington Hotel
J. L, ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street corner Cloy
open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK 630 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark,ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1541 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock;- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock;. 106 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "As Tou Like It."
Columbia —"A Southern Gentleman,'! Monday night.
Orpheum Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Trovatore."
Alcazar — "Under Two Flags."
Orand Opera-house — "Dorothy."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater- Vaudeville every afternoon
snd evening. " •
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets'— Specialties.
Butro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Glen Park— performance to-day.
Vnlon Coursing Park— Coursing To-day.
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Filipino Wonder Show.
Chutes and — Benefit of the' Reception Fund, Tuesday
evening.
A.;.ambra— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, Wednesday and
Thursday, August 23 and 21.
California State Fair. Sacramento — September 4 to 16.
THE EXTRA SESSION SCHEME.
SUFFICIENT evidence has now been collected
and published by The Call to make it clear that
c and Burns and Herrin are not spending
the holidays in pursuit of health, nor in considering
the welfare of the State. They have been diligently
ng members of the Legislature to find out
whether an extra Session would result in an election
in Burns to the United States Senate.
An extra session will cost the State a great deal of
It will impose further burdens upon the tax
. and the diversion of money will prevent the
. icing of many needed improvements. The
people will ask what is to be gained by such expen
diture of public funds, and of course some answer
will be given. The call for an extra session will-de
clare certain legislation to be of pressing importance,
and the legislators will be summoned together to con
sider it. The real intent of the call, however, will be
to bring about the election of the man to whom Gage
and Herrin arc committed, no matter what it may
the silent, secret work that has been going on
j the conspirators during the summer the one
has been to find members of the Legislature
who agree to vote for Burns if an extra session be
summoned. Should a majority be found for him we
shall have the extra session and the taxpayers will
have to stand the burden. Should there be no such
sight, Governor Gage will find no legis-
Intion 1 .; urgency at this time, and there will
be no extra session.
It is not strange the conspirators should be willing
to take big ri~ks. The complete rout of the Burns
push at the Republican primaries in this city the
«"thef day shows his power is at an end in San Fran
. isco politics. He desires to go to the United States
Senate, and it is a case of now or never with him.
He will not again have such a gang in the Legisla
ture as he has in this one, no matter what else may
■n.
Gage is on all fours with Burns in the scheme. He
has nothing to lose by it, for he has no prospect of
ever getting office again in California. All the profit
lie is to derive from politics must be obtained now.
It will matter little to him if the people denounce an
extra session in addition to the other of his acts they
already denounce. He has had experience and he
knows that a man may just as well be convicted for
stealing a sheep a* for a lamb.
Herrin is in much the same condition. He has
made a blunder of the business of running railroad
politics, and he, too, must achieve a victory in order
to retain the favor of Huntington. He has openly de
clared Burns to be the railroad candidate, and Hun
tington has publicly snubbed him by denying that the
railroad has a candidate. Thus Herrin must win out.
or there may be a vacancy in the Southern Pacific law
lent.
Here we have three rats in the pit with only one
way to get out. With them it is this Legislature or
nothing. Fortunately, the people understand the sit
uation and are on guard. An extra Burns se-sinn
will mean political ruin for any and every man who
votes for the Mexican, and the ruin would be poorly
by anything that could be done for that man
by either Burns. Gage or Herrin.
Nebraska is a great corn State, hut it docs not
amount to shucks when the hat is passed around for
funds to give her returning volunteers a send-off. It
i- remarkable, considering the number of cyclones in
that region, that there should be any difficulty in
raising the wind.
rnor (iaprc excuses his refusal to name a legal
holiday in honor of the returning California Volun
teers on the ground that he docs not know the day
which they will arrive. The excuse is a good one
—nobody ever accused Governor Gage of knowing
mything.
The small boy of Oakland is making a nuisance of
himself by throwing stones at Southern Pacific trains.
As the Southern Pacific is used to having things
shied at it. no serious complaint has been heard ex
cept from the passengers.
A GOVERNOR IN DIFFICULTY.
GOVERNOR THOMAS of Colorado is in dif
ficulties that would be novel in any other
State.
: He is what is called in Ireland "on his kaping," be
cause of the fury of a female citizen voter and lady of
creation in that altitudinous commonwealth. His office
•I has been guarded and his entrances and his exits have
j been furtive and stealthy. He would walk backward
• to see who is behind him, except that then somebody
I might still get in the rear by getting in front of him.
He has come to San Francisco to meet the Colorado
I troops on their return from the wars, %ut the train
J crews were timid about hauling him. and even the
i engine was afraid of getting its eye put out. Since
the Mormons beset Governor Boggs of Missouri and
pumped lead into him no American executive has had
to. mind his uprisings and his downsittings as carefully
as this invested and besieged official.
j The lady in the case has a husband in the peni
j tentiary. It is her fad to have him pardoned, and the
j Governor has turned a deaf ear to her prayer. After
! exhausting her powers of persuasion in vain, she has
I put her feet in the warpath and refuses to turn -back.
Her desire is to. throw vitriol in the Governor's face
! as evidence of her disapproval of his official stub
! bornness. Vitriol is not a cosmetic in general use in
• Colorado, and the Governor protests that there are
. other liquids used as a carminative which he prefers
to this corrosive fluid, which gnaweth like a worm
and leaves its record permanently embossed on the
I cuticle. It is the crisis of his life. But as it is a
female crisis he can't fire at it.
The case brings to the front an interesting phase
'of female psychology. The infuriated lady's husband
! is in prison for beating her into a merchantable jelly.
When the ballot. was gallantly extended to the ladies
c f Colorado they invaded the Legislature and pro
ceeded to reform the laws which the brute man had
theretofore pa : ssed in his own interest and to carry out
. his coarse and pestilential instincts. The first reform
I was. to make wife-beating a penitentiary offense.
"The man who lays his hand upon a woman, save
in the way of kindness, is a wretch whom it is base
flattery to call a coward," cried the lady legislators,
with Claude Melnotte, and thereupon proceeded to
do for such wretches by an act entitled an act which
puts them in stripes and durance for five years.
The lady in this case was the first to feel the heavy
i hand of conjugal correction after the law was passed,
and in her dudgeon she invoked the statute and sent
1 her life partner up to expiate and repent.
He had hardly got used to his new clothes and
I shaved head before she wanted him back, and her
want has grown into a fine frenzy. The Governor
jis a politician. He keeps one eye upon the female
vote and seems to be in fear that the ladies who have
not yet been whipped by their husbands -will resent
at the polls his pardon of this wife-beater.
But the lady wants her husband, and has given the
! Governor. his choice between losing the female vote
i or parting with that manly beauty which heretofore
! has been his best stage property in politics.
What seems to be needed in Colorado is a lady for
I Governor. Then such an issue as this would be set
tled by a hat-drawing match and not by vitriol.
The case will arouse widespread sympathy for
i Governor Thomas and will cause a thoughtful state
about reformed legislation.
As a rule. the ladies whose husbands admonish them
with a chair or knock them down with their fists re
sent outside interference. The sentiment of females
who are under that sort of discipline was expressed by
the one whose friend found her weeping salt tear* out
of two freshly blacked eyes, and said, "He's been
I whippin' ye agin, Nora." "Vis; but it's not that
' makes me cry. Poor Pat'll not live long. He's get- i
! tin' weak, for he don't strike me near as hard as he
used to." We hope that Governor Gage will assure
the Governor of Colorado that every* protection shall !
Ibe extended to him in California. Unless there is a
j regular society of women who avenge themselves on
! Governors that refuse pardon to wife-beaters Gov
ernor Thomas will be safe here. It is true that his
Colorado Nemesis in skirts may disguise herself as a
man and get a squirt at him, but every care will be
I taken to prevent this.
California intends to protect visiting Governors.
So far nothing worse has happened to them than a
speech by Mr. dc Young, and there is a general dis- j
; position here to prevent things going from bad to I
worse.
The investigating committee of the Alumni Asso
ciation of the San Jose Normal School seems to have
committed a fatal blunder in appealing to Governor
Gape to set aside the verdict in the case of Dr. Mc-
Naughton. The committee should have directed its
attention to the source of gubernatorial authority.
The appeal should have been made to Burns.
STRIKES AND PROSPERITY.
HARDLY had the great strike in Brooklyn fin
ished its course when another occurred in
Cleveland, and now, just as that is about to be
settled, the report conies that a strike of the brick
makers in Cook County, Illinois, has stopped work
on 200 buildings in Chicago and thrown upward of
10.000 workmen out of employment.
These occurrences are not of a surprising nature.
It has long been known to students of sociology that
strikes follow prosperity just as certainly as over
speculation follows it. Were this not so, the advance
of the world in material wealth would go on with a
continually augmenting force and rapidity. Human
nature is so constituted, however, that when once
flushed with success it is never content. It reaches
out eagerly for more, and too often, like the dog in
the fable, drops the substance in an eftort to grasp
the shadow.
During the depression of the second term of Cleve
land, when the Democratic tariff left the industries of
the nation exposed to the ruinous competition of the
cheap labor of Europe, there were no strikes and very
few speculative ventures. Capitalists were then well
pleased to obtain any profit at all from their invest
ments and workingmen were only too glad to find
work at good wages. No considerable number of
people were tempted to hazard anything on a strike
or a speculation. All the industries of the people
were carried on with extreme conservatism, and labor
and capital were too glad to be able to co-operate to
give any" heed whatever to agitators who sought to
stir up strife between them.
Two years of prosperity have brought about the
seemingly inevitable results. Speculation in industrial
stocks has reached a point that verges on madness,
and strikes follow one another with a rapidity, almost
unparalleled. These of course will tend to check
prosperity. They are in the nature of brakes applied
to the wheels of progress, and will prevent it from
going forward with anything like the momentum it
would otherwise have.
These things are but manifestations on a large scale
of the course which Franklin noted in the case of
families— work begets money, money begets pride,
pride begets extravagance, extravagance begets pov
erty, poverty begets work and work begets money
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, IS9J>.
again, and so the endless revolution goes on. We
have once. more reached the point where the mass of
the people wax fat and kick.
These are some of the effects of prosperity. For
tunately, while they check, they cannot hinder
progress. They cause local disturbances, and in the
future as in the past may bring about a great national
depression, but they never wholly stop the forward
movement of civilization. It is of course to be re
gretted they occur, but it is better to have strikes and
speculations with prosperity than to have the con
servatism of depressions.
THE OPENING IN KENTUCKY.
AFTER Altgeld broke the profane silence which
had brooded over the Kentucky campaign it
was opened and the winds rushed therefrom
like a cyclone.
The first day Mr. Goebel fainted while expressing
himself in a loud and determined voice to a mass
meeting, and his speech had to be finished by Senator
Blackburn. On the same day Congressman Settle
fainted on the stump and fell from the height of his
climax, dislocating his oratory and sustaining severe
fractures of the objurgatory parts of speech, and his
effort had to be finished by a common pennyroyal
stumper from a rural district.
This is something new, and is a substantial addi
tion to the dramatic features of the fight.
There is one Kentuckian who does not faint nor
lose his wind and bottom. Simon Bolivar Buckner
keeps his head and his health and his pride in Betty
and the twins.
Referring to Altgeld's horror of the methods by
which Goebel was nominated. General Buckner says
they were merely copied from the methods used in
1896 at Chicago to nominate Bryan. The ousting of
the Michigan and Nebraska delegations to secure
Bryan's needed two-thirds was a piece of criminal
politics, in which the party policy was reversed, its
own administration repudiated and the stamp ot
regularity stuck on Bryan's candidacy and the reor
ganization of the party effected. Buckner is justly
astonished that the party in Kentucky should be criti
cized for a local application of that high example.
He commends Bryan for supporting Goebel, whose
nomination came by the methods which made Bryan
himself "the greatest of Americans" and tied him
to the affections of Dick Croker.
The anti-Goebel organization has selected Bryan's
picture as the official vignette of the opposition's
ticket, and when the orator of the Platte goes there
to spellbind the people he will be face to face with
himself on the bolting ticket.
The Goebel people claim that it is unfair to make
such use of the standing candidate's picture, because
in the districts where ignorance is bliss thousands of
Goebelitcs will vote the ticket from which that zinc
smile beams upon them.
It is with a proper sense of our distance and unfit
ness that we suggest to the regulars that they try as
a counter vignette the picture of a barrel of Kentucky
Bourbon.
Mr. Blackburn's most statesmanlike oratory always
contains an ascription to the "women, bosses and
whisky of old Kentucky, matchless, gentlemen, as the
bravery' of her sons." It is our opinion that the many
smiles in a barrel of Bourbon will outrun the single
smile on Colonel Bryan's face. The campaign will
go into history as "the battle of the smiles, Bourbon
against Bryan."
We are sure that this suggestion will please Colonel
Wattcrson, who has just expressed himself in the
Xcw York Journal as of the opinion that Colonel
Bryan is not the whole thing, anyway. A party that
<jpens its campaign by fainting all along the line
needs something to keep up its spirits, and what can
be more inspiring than a barrel of Bourbon, genuine
two-stamp goods? We anticipate the hope that will
sustain the opposition. Aware of the back counties,
where taxed whisky is unknown and the moonshine
article only is used at weddings, christenings and
murder?, the barrel of Bourbon will have no more in
fluence, than a Siwash totem.-
DUTCH AND BRITISH IN SOUTH
AFRICA.
BY way of warning to those British jingoes who
with gayety of heart are ready to enter upon a
war with the Boers, a writer in the Fort
nightly Review presents certain facts showing the
comparative strength of British and Dutch in South
Africa and revealing what kind of a contest Great
Britain would have on her hands in that quarter ot
the globe if war should break out.
The writer points out that the Boers are closely
united to the Dutch of Orange Free State and of Cape
Colony, not only by race and sympathy but by inter
ests and aspirations. A fight to a finish between the
Boers and the British therefore would certainly arouse
against the empire the antagonism of feeling of all
the Dutch and might arouse their active enmity in
battle. In other words, a war entered into lightly
against the Transvaal may move all South Africa to
strike for independence just as all the American colo
nies did when in the last century a jingo British Min
istry undertook to deprive New England of her rights.
Such being the case, a showing of the comparative
military strength of the two races in South Africa is
interesting. The writer for the Fortnightly estimates
it in the different states as follows, the figures repre
senting the numbers of armed men on each side:
Brit^h. Dutch.
Cape Colony 17,000 ' 50.000
Orange Free State 1.000 is.ooo
Transvaal 3,000 22.000
N;itul 6,000 1,500
British Bechuanaland , 500 500
HhodcFia 2,000 300
Imperial troops In South Africa at
the present time, say 10,000
Totals 39;500 92.300
The number of British troops in South Africa
has of course been largely increased since that esti
mate was made, and can be increased to almost any
number that may be needed. Ocean transportation
for troops in our time is comparatively easy, and
Britain rules the waves. She can send army after
army, if need be. for, as the jingo, chorus goes, "She
has the ships, she has the men, and she has the money,
too." The point of the warning is not that the Dutch
enn drive the British flag from South Africa as it was
driven from the United States a century ago, but that
they can involve the empire in a serious war and make
her empire so insecure that it will fall the first time
Great Britain has a powerful enemy in Europe to
confront.
"It is not easy to set bounds to the degree of folly a
nation may commit when flushed with the overween
ing confidence that is born of pride, power and pros
perity. It has been a long time since the British peo
ple have been engaged in war of any difficulty, and
they may be foolish enough to enter upon the sub
jugation of the Boers without counting the cost, but
it is hardly likely. Such warnings as the one given
are sure to have effect upon the minds of intelligent
men. Mr. Chamberlain is a jingo, indeed, but there
is nothing in his career to justify a belief that he is a
fool.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfiUGHT.
By his career in this country the dis
tinguished Charles Doyle, alias Augus
tus Howard, alias "Plunger" Hill, has
demonstrated that the difference be
tween the ignorant granger and the
know-it-all business man is to be mtas
ured by the difference between the
values of the gold bricks they buy.
When an unsophisticated, innocent,
confiding farmer trusts the pleasing
tale of a rank stranger and buys a bag
of brass filings at about the price of so
much gold, the world laughs and attri
butes the success of the fraud to the
ignorance of the farmer; but when a
shrewd man of affairs, who has started
with nothing and made millions of
money, falls a victim to a confidence
operator we gasp and stare as at some
kind of a miracle and wonder how such
things can be in a civilized country.
Yet there is no cause for wonder
ment. The farmer is not deceived be
cause of his ignorance. It is his greed
that makes him credulous, and it is
the same with the duped man of the
world. Each sees what he thinks is a
chance of getting something for noth
ing. Any man can cheat another who
can lead that other to believe he is
the one who is doing the cheating. If
the true story of the career in this
country of the man of many aliases
could be written it would be found he
got the best of our smart American
promoters of enterprise by inducing
them to believe they are getting the
best of him.
All the same the iniquitous Austra
lian is too sharp a blade to be left at
large and it is to" be hoped some provi
dential concatenation of circumstances
will enable our detectives to get not
only a clew, but the rascal himself.
We need him in the penitentiary as
a proof that providence is on the side
of virtue.
• • •
It is permissible of course for us all
to laugh and make merry over the
losses of those who listened to the tales
I df the plunger and furnished the coin
for the plunging, but the laughter
should not sound any note of self-glorl
j flcation. Every man has his gold
i brick, and he who has not run up
! against it to his cost has good cause
Ito deem himself lucky. Pious men have
! been known to purchase gold bricks
! when they thought they were buying
! bibles; and men who never buy any
thing at all have had gold bricks hand
ed to them as free gifts at surprise
I parties.
• • *
Thorn i? a widespread belief that the
Government is so tied up with red tape
i it needs a month to do a work that pri
vate enterprise could do in a week,
j therefore, when the Government shows
speed, the thing is worth noting. For
that reason attention should be directed
to the promptness with which aid was
sent from this country to the stricken
people of Porto Rico.
The dispatch of Governor General
Davis announcing the effects of the
great hurricane was received by the
War Department at Washington on
August 11. On that same day orders
were sent to New York to purchase*
food supplies and the transport Mc
-I'horson was ordered to receive them.
The New York Tribune says: "Within
one hour contracts for 600.000 pounds of
rice and 600.000 quarts of beans were
placed, and inside of another hour
trucks were being loaded with the pro
duce for conveyance to the United
States transport McPherson, which is
to take it to Porto Rico."
The next clay the transport set out
on her voyage under full steam. Did
private enterprise ever beat that?
According to an old story, when
Satan undertook to tempt the philoso
pher. Acepslmos, to leave his study of
wisdom and Incline his heart to folly,
he offered him first a dukedom, then
a principality, then a kingdom, then an
empire and finally the whole globe, but
still the philosopher refused.
"What," snld Satan, "will you not ac
cept the globe as a sufficient exchange
for one folly?"
"Most willingly would I commit forty
follies for it," said Acopslmos, "were it
not for the people on it."
On the subject of the annexation of
the Philippines the average American
citizen is an Acepsimosian philosopher.
■When Secretary Long tells us that If
the islands be annexed as a part of our
territory the 11.000,000 Asiatics will have
full liberty to come and settle in this
country we refuse to commit the folly.
If Satan wishes us to accept those isl
ands he must first remove the people.
Here is a truly true advertisement
from a New York newspaper and it
means business. "A young Christian
man, with wife and four children, cul
tured people, needs $10,000 cash Imme
diately to invest in business and in a
home in the South; desires some kind
lady, or person, young or old, that is
alone in the world, to furnish him this
amount of funds and make her home at
once with his family Tor life and have
their care, sympathy and love."
The one satisfactory feature of the
proposal of that family of Christian
and cultured people is that when they
get the $10,000 they propose to go South
and not come to California. We can
stand a good deal in the way of enter
prise, but not too much — and we have
just entertained Mr. Howard.
Last Sunday I directed attention to a
report of a committee of the Selectmen
of Tyngsboro, Mass., to the effect that
a fire caused by lightning was due "to
the carelessness of the Lord." The re
port created something of a sensation
in Boston, and the Globe of that city
sent a man down to the village to in
vestigate it. The reporter, who writes
in the third person, speaking of him
self as "The Stranger." tells an inter
esting tale. The first Selectman he in
terviewed was a certain Enlow Perham
and the conversation ran thus: t
"Who wrote the report charging the
Deity with being guilty of carelessness
In allowing lightning to set fire to Olive
Plaisted's barn?"
"Mr. Sherburne, the chairman of the
board."
"Rather an odd way of stating the
cause of a fire, isn't it?"
"Sounds kind of funny, but still I
don't know but it is true enough."
"Is the chairman of the board a wag?
Is ho given to cracking jokes?"
"He Is a man who doesn't say much,
but he has got a good business head on
him. I know not how he came to write
what he did. Perhaps he started with
an L to put down lightning on the
paper and wrote Lord instead."
That explanation being flippant, was
! doubtless intended as a joke on the
stranger. When SJierburne was seen
he stood by his report like a stalwart.
When asked why he wrote it, he said:
"I had to give some cause for the fire
because the law requires it. True state
ment, isn't it?"
"Your orthodox fellow citizens would
hardly accept a declaration that the
Lord was careless."
"They ought to. They say he is re
sponsible for everything that happens
in this world of ours."
All of which goes to show th^re re
main in New England a good many
people who have a faith that is child
like, who believe, what they hear, and
do not shrink from the logic of their
faith. If the Lord be responsible for
what happens in Massachusetts, then
he was careless in letting his lightning
set fire to Olive Plaisted's barn. What
other verdict is possible?
Not the least interesting part of the
story of the trip to Tyngsboro is the
closing paragraph:
"The stranger went down to the depot
to wait for an electric car. 'Twaa now
after noon, and from a cloudless sky
the sun was shooting its shining rays
upon the placid waters of the winding
Merrimac. The green branches of the
trees on the farther shore were sway
ing in a gentle breeze. The girls were
swinging in the hammocks in the shade
beside the country homes set back from
the street. At any rate the Lord was
not careless when he created the nat
ural beauties of Tyngsboro."
If that paragraph were designed
merely as an expression of admiration
for Merrimac ripples and Tyngsboro
girls, it will pass muster; but if it be
put forward as a defense of the Massa
chusetts Deity it is irrelevant and im
material. The careful creation of a
girl in a hammock is no palliation of
the carelessness that burns a barn.
• •
Toward the $50,000 required to make
an adequate' welcome for the California
volunteers the Market Street Railway
Company donated $250, and the sum
was promptly returned by the execu
tive committee, with the statement that
it was cut of all proportion to contri
butions made by other citizens and cor
porations who will receive little or no
benefit from the presence of the crowds
that will attend the reception.
In returning the money and deliver
ing the rebuke the committee acted
with dignity, for there is no pleasure in
accepting the money of a niggard, but
the action was nevertheless illogical.
The committee did not make its appeal
for money to the purses of citizens, but
to their patriotism; and considering the
amount of patriotism or State pride
there is in the officials of the Market
Street Company, the donation of $250
was remarkably generous. There is no
other instance likely to be found where
so large a sum was raised by an appeal
to so small a thing.
* •
A story illustrating the way in which
troublesome political problems are
sometimes solved by a happy accident
comes to us from New Zealand. For a
long time the Government has had diffi
culty in keeping withta the bonds of
peace and good order a turbulent tribe
of natives. Many forms of conciliation
■were tried, but each in turn failed, and
it looked as if it would be necessary
"to make a df-sert and call it peace."
Just at the critical period of the affair
it chanced that a bronze statue of Vic
toria was to be unveiled at the capital.
The chiefs of the aggressive tribe were
invited to attend the ceremonies and
with a surly compliance they came.
No sooner did they behold the lustrous
bronze of tier Majesty's face than they
started with delight exclaiming: "Why,
she is one of us."
Since that time New Zealand has had
no more trouble with the tribe than
Democracy had with Populism after
nominating Bryan. In the belief that
the head of the British Empire is one of
their own kind, the once stubborn na
tives are now as bland as brothers to
the white folks, and are preparing to
run for office.
• • •
Dr. Franklin, when representing this
country in France, once entertained the
court of Louis XVI with a new game.
He wrote out a clever bit of gossip,
read it to one of the courtiers and re
quested him to tell it to a second. The
story was then repeated from one to
another until it had been heard and re
told by all the lords and ladies who
were present. The last to whom it was
told was called upon to repeat it aloud,
and when the telling was ended Dr.
Franklin read from his paper the origi
nal story. The fun of the game lay
in the surprise felt when it was seen
that the tale as last repeated bore not
the slightest resemblance to what had
been written.
A still more amusing illustration of
the way in which a story changes as
it passes from one person to another
is furnished in the development of the
news item sent out from this city con
cerning Mr. Huntington's famous after
dinner declaration against the excess
of education. As that story has been
transmitted in printed words, instead
of spoken ones, it ought to have pre
served its form as well as its essence in
traveling from here to New York, but
it lost both. It has recently been re
told with elaborate comment in an edi
torial by the New York Times, and as
given there is so different from what it
was in its original San Franciscan verl
tude, the average Californian would not
recognize it were it not for the appear
ance in it of Mr. Huntington's name.
According to this latest version of
the story Mr. Huntington made his
declaration in reply to a deputation
from a "boom town" in California
which had called to urge him to found
a university there in order that his
name as a public benefactor and a pat
ron of learning might be linked with
the history of the booming metropolis
and be remembered forever hereafter
with all the veneration now given to
that of Leland Stanford.
Upon that story the Times bases a
very good editorial, but it will not be
worth while to quote it. The story is
sufficient in itself. There may be Cali
fornians who without a smile can
imagine a deputation of other Califor
nians asking Huntington to found a
university and urging it by citing the
example of Stanford, but if such ther«
be they are of recent Eastern importa
tion and wouldn't know a joke from a
saw buck.
Deputy Coroner Arrested.
Deputy Coroner J. J Flannagan wa3
driving along Market street in a hurry
yesterday afternoon ir Coroner Hill's rig
t° 'got a witness for the Franey inquost.
\\ hen he reached Fourth street Pollcemaa
Farley held up his white-gloved band,
but Flannagan drove on. Farley's blood
was up and he pursued the deputy till
he overtook him. Fkmnagan was taki-n
to the City Prison, where Farley b<
him on charges of fast driving ai
fusing to stop when ordered. When i
Lees was notified of the facts he released
Flannagan from custody.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
W. L. Clark of Benicia is registered at
the California.
H. J. Fmall has come down from Sacra
mento and is at the Palace.
Joseph Durfoe. a big lumber man of
Smartsville, is at the Lick.
Wfnthrop Fisk is registered at the Oc
cidental from Fuente, Mexico.
Sig Davis is spending the summer
months In Alameda with his wife and son.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Adams are among
the late naval arrivals at the Occid
J. H. Call, a wealthy bu?ine=s man <c
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Occidental.
Enoch Knight, a capitalist of the I
is registered at the Palace from Los An
geles.
O. J. Gillespie of Lo.« Angeles and E. W.
Frost of Eureka are both staying at the
Grand.
H. Warren, one of Wlnnemucca's most
prominent business men, is a guest at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mr?. L. C. Trent of Salt Laka
City are among the recent arrivals at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Stone have come up
from San Mateo and are registered at the
Palace.
W. S. Flemming, a wealthy vineyardist
of Napa, Is among the late arrivals at
the Russ.
A. D. Coffee is at the Lick, accomf
by his family. He is registered fron.
ence, Ala.
H. C. Short, traveling auditor of tha
Santa Fe. is among the recent arrivals
at the Russ.
P. Mcßae, the Hanford contractor, la
registered at the Lick on a short bu
trip to San Francisco.
Judge Stanton L. Carter has come down
on a short visit from his home In Fresno,
and Is staying at the Lick.
F. B. Pattee, a leading business man of
Valley Springs, is staying at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday.
R. U. Goode of Washington, D. C, is
among those who arrived in the city yes
terday and registered at the Occidental.
Fred Ramville, a -well-known mine own
er of Jamestown, is one of those who ar
rived here yesterday and registered at the
Russ.
J. R. Hebbron of the State Board of
Equalization is a guest at the Lick,
where he arrived yesterday from his home
in Salinas.
"William Carson, the millionaire lumber
man of Humboldt County, is In the city
on business. He Is a partner of Capital
ist John Dolbeer.
« ♦ «
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— R- Cailleau
of San Francisco is at the Martin. Frank
Palley of California is at the Grand. C.
A. "Wlnsor of San Francisco is at the Gil
sey. Among the passengers for Liverpool
on the Cunard steamship Umbria, sailing
to-day, were A. G. Rowand and Mrs.
Stokes of San Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GERMAN EMPIRE— L% and G.. City.
The population of the German empire is
52,279,901.
THE CENTURY— A Subscriber, City.
The twentieth century commences with
the first day of January, 190 L
NO SPECIAL VALUE— T. S. M., Oak
land, Cal. A half-dollar of ISSG and a
dime of 1854 are not premium coins.
ST. GERTRfDE-M. J. T.. Alameda.
Cal. The Catholic institute of learning
in charge of the Sisters of Mercy at Rio
Vista is called St. Gertrude's Academy.
MORMONS IN SALT LAKE- E. J. C,
City. In 1547 a band of Mormons seeking
refuge from interference went into the
State of Utah, where Krigham Young
and 143 followers in Jnly of that year laid
out the site of what became Salt Lake
City, in a then wilderness.
HAY— F. M., St. Helena, Cal. Hay is
grass or other plants cut and cured for
feeding to animals. The best of the many
grasses sown for hay are: Timothy, red
top, orchard grass, fowl-meadow grass
and' June grass. Meadow oat grass is also
valuable for hay, and cow nta and Lu
cerne or alfalfa are grown for the same
purpose. Wheat, barley, oats, rye and the
like are not sown for hay but for the
grain.
RIVER BOATS— M. J. T., Alameda,
Cal. There are several lines of steamers
that touch at Rio Vista on the way up the
Sacramento River from San Francisco.
One dispatches steamers from Jackson
street pier Tuesdays and Fridays at 6
p m. ; another daily, except Sunday, at 1
p. m , from Market-street pier, and still
another daily, except Sunday, from Jack
son-street pier at 11 a. m.
SAMUEL BRANNAN-E. J. C, City.
Samuel Brannan chartered the 370-ton
ship Brooklyn, fitted her up for a trip
around the Horn to California and sailed
with 236 passengers, including sixty adult
females and about forty children of both
sexes the passengers being mostly Mor
mons, from New York. February i. 1846,
and five months later stopped at the
Sandwich Islands, remained there a short
time and on the 31st of July of that year
he and his vessel arrived in the harbor of
San Francisco.
ALIMONY— A. P. C. S., Port C
Cal. Whether a man who is divorced shall
pay alimony to his former wife is a mat
ter of discretion, and the court may or
dre such payment or not. When the or
der is made it must be obeyed. Thi
that a man left the State and .married
again would not absolve him from tha,
obligation, as the order w * un
til revoked, and if th • 1 V ' : "' k I' 1
the place in which the court which 1
the order is located he would in caM-he
had not paid the alimony, be brought
K'.p I, to ?how cause, and 111 case of
non-payment he' would bo sent to jail for
contempt.
VOLUNTEERS-I. M. H., City. This
correspondent writes: "I feel I may take
the liberty to respond to the answer you
gave in Sunday's Call August 13 in regard
to the States that sent volunteers to the
Philippine Islands. You mention the
first New York Regiment, which was a
mistake as it. did not go to Manila but
™ Honolulu. You omitted the gallant
ffiSSfwSSK was given was strictly
correct The correspondent asked if the
stitcs named in the answer had furnished
vofunteer? who were sent to the Philip
pine Islands. The answer was: "The fol
lowing named States furnished volunteers
during the late war which were sent to
trip Philippine Islands," and then follows
the names of the States. There was do
question as to Idaho, and there is nothing
in the answer as to the First New York
Roeinient. The Astor battery was a part
of New York's volunteers, and it went to
Manila. ; _
Cal. glace fruit GOc per Tb at Townsend's. *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by cha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 010 ilon;
--gomtry street. Telephone M:iin 1J42. *
Flags, shields, garlands, Japanese lant
erns, bunting, red, whit.- and blue tissue
paper, patriotic pictures and all kinds of
decorations for sale cheap at Sanborn &
Vail'a 741 Market street. ' :*.
Seized With Syncope.
Dr. Corryville. a retired physician. 76
years of age, had an attack of syncope
at Pine and Polk streets yesterday morn
ing. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and after being treated was sent
to his heme at 3201 Pacific street
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Santa Fe
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of JSS So. Occa
sion, National Encampment, Q. A. R. Call tU
62S Market st. lor full particulars.MISCELLANEOUS.
&+++••:■•■:• »■:■»■!■♦■;■ «■;■♦.!.».;. >■;■ ♦■!■♦■!■ »4-»4->-i-H--i' >•:■>■;■ >■!■•■:■ •h»m-h-»
i You Save Money at I
I PATTOSIEN'S. |
r |
♦ FVFPV r\ A\/ We are otic ™£ bargains- I
♦ .: V Lll% I LJl\ I Bomo samples of which wo ♦
♦ + , , name below. At no place in T
j. the c ty can you secure as low prices lor good goods as at ?
♦ our stores; Our regular prices are genuine bargains com- I
pared with the high pr.ccs of the society shops ,nd the in- f
♦ *,t:»llmcnt houses. Every day of the week our- stores are 1
t crowded with buyers, who appreciate bargains when they see ♦
; >cm-whiist our competitors are complaining of dull trade. *;
•' o n ?l' C ,iV^ invlted# OPLIN SAT URDAY NIGHTS ONLY UNTIL £
♦ " ■ — ■....- _^ ________^^_ *•*
{ a Clearance Sale I
i p s ™' lace CHr!ains! i
♦ « H **> i, IJUL J ; All Lace Curtains we wish to close v
T J'" s 'J \ out Tvill be offered this week at t.
♦ ■.jy"> — . ■._ -_^?^y n,i I simply your own price the cost will T
-'* s^? ~~ ' '"~^" <r f\ 11 Al I • no^ be considered. We mean to .T.
t J222sElz^ri^34 *"** j close the=e curtains out of our ♦
T ' T -^' "•"""'^''M j stock. See them. T
7 i -^"ii D kTU i *
t t^S^SEt^<S KALK. |LOTl— Scotch Net and Ruffled Cur- v
i Ir^P^ lb i tains, etc., sold at $1 25. 51 50 <yid 7
♦ 4--*^ -a I $1 75 a pair— In this Cl in *;
•> i sale, your choice vJJI.IV T
I $^^^4sM£?k ?o a u r rc g h°oii n nt. t th. h ! 9 ..^ c :..51.63 ;
♦ special for this week.... v^lO.Jtl' LOT 3 — Brussels, Irish Point. j
v Worth $25.00 Swiss, Cluny, Renaissance, etc., V
7 __ ' so: : nt $3 80. $4 00, $4 50 and $3 00 7
; T^L C A n H a pair-.,'.. In thla sa:.-C> 7C T
; ing vai j;gi < Rug LOT4 _ Flne Brusse!F . DuchesBe ;
i w-^ -. « »^-~ >-. __. __ « Corded Swiss, Renaissance and 1
+ tJARGAINS! Novelties, sold at $7 50. JS 00, $S 50, jl.
♦ $10 00 and Sl2 50 a pair- «L ft "1 K ♦
; THE RUG SALE, «ointni.Mi^oioe...<Pw-^J .^
J Smyrna Door Rugs 6."c Portieres. V
V B^™ lej ' Reversible Rugs, Jl2 oo English Derby Portieres.... 9 «>.,-,»• V
« 12 feet b>- 9 feet $14.25 «fl 00 jTapestry; Portieres HMO *
4. Made-Up Brussels Rugs.-SS.OO up JP^^Tapestryj Portieres..... 10.00 jl.
♦ Art <cin\-r& Rno-« }2 ••' Drapery ti!lt. per yar-i I.SMI i
{ -\r. Squarie %TBo. »4.50. » 6..30 n:h Brocade, per yard ::::: S).«»O T.
.>.5.. »0, 5?4. 00. 80. .",0 lUOO Damask.l per yard SJSO v
♦ Iran Willon Rugs, 57x12 SIS <»«• iBW Procatelie. per yanl ... -!.()<» ♦
V ' ' HOO Silk Tapestry, per yard . 2.50 4.
1 CARPET SALE. L . —=, v £
♦ Genuine Brussels Carpets sOc tSeCIPOOITI rUPnitllPe. ♦
*T Genuine Velvet Carpets "«ic Weireciiived 'several- carloads of Chamber *•*
♦ Genuine .•■ inster Carrv^ts f>.">t« i §, u l t ?« Dressere. Chiffoniers and Toilet ♦
"5* Cennii-.i \fnmut» n p..' " *i.oo Tables at 'i", 1-3 to 10 per cent discount. ;
(.renuir.o Moquette CarpetS..9l.OOjt 24 00 Chamber ;Sults/ t oak § ir..r,O i
JU ingrain (. irpets ' 40c $49 00 Golden Oak Chamber Suits. :ij.r;<i L
♦ Linoleum, per square yard .. 40e ' Jl2:> '■"' Btrdseye Maple Suits 79.00 1
X - JloOCv Walnut Chamber Puits.... 100.00 T,
I MATTINGS. i^ l^^.^^.™ 1 !'. 1 : 1 : 914.50 ♦
"X Abut 50 rolls and. otscfßcmnnntsii.^^^^^.^-;;;;;;; "jgj V
.;. at your own price. BrinjS size o> room ji 4 o oka k Chiffonier* 1 7 "id v
♦ and we will cover it it a cost that will 05 00 Gentlemen's ChlffcmlersXv'M Mi'.'r.u ♦
4. surprise you. *>omc beautiful designs *J1 00 Mahogany Finish Chirtoniers 17.50 •*-
-« left. i{i;o 00 Colonial Mahogany Dressers 78.00 «
X PATTOSFFN'S The Bu>y Mission !
I PA I FOSIrN'S Sixteenth and Mission, f
4- A^^^i * Vrx^liU.ll >O sixteenth and Mission. *
X. BRANCH HOUSE. THEATER BUILDING, SAN JOSE. 1
♦ • • ♦
NATIVE SONS TO
TAKE POSSESSION
OF SANTA CRUZ
Looking Forward to
the Ninth.
ARRANGEMENT BY COMMITTEE
WHERE THE VARIOUS PARLORS
WILL HOLD FORTH.
Suggestion That the Date of the
Venetian Carnival Be Changed
From Saturday to
Monday.
A meeting of the Ninth of September
Joint Celebration Committee was held
last night in Balboa Hall. Native Sons'
building. President L. F. Byington in the
chair.
A letter was received from L. C. Pisto
lesi, grand marshal of the parade to re
ceive- the volunteers, urging the. joint com
mittee to use its best endeavors to have
their respective parlors turn out to the
full memberr-hip.
The paradu committee reported that It
had Fe-lected James P. Dockery as the
marshal for the night parade in this city
on the night of the Sth e»f September.
The hotel committee reported that all
th^ hotel rooms have been spoken for in
Hanta Cruz but that many rooms are to
be had in private houses.
The advertising committee was allowed
a sum of money to meet its expenses.
It was suggested that the Santa Cruz
committee be aakr-d to change the Vene
t';in water carnival to be given on Satur
day night to Monday nipht, but no action
was taken in the matter.
The press coinmiiu-e presented the fol
lowing report:
California Parlor No. 1 has headquar
ters in Masonic Hall. The usual festivi
ties will be held axd a general good Urn«
ensue irom the time the headquarters are
opened The committee is composed of
H Perr.au M. Wolf and M. J. BlacJunan.
r?cific Pa-lor No. 10 will open headquar
ters at the Pacific Ocean House, Th«
committee— F. K. Nevllls. T. P. Martin
and 11. J. Sands— has made elaborate
preparations io enteraln, and a good time
is assured.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29 fs pleasantly
located in Nc-ary's Hall. Various features
of entertainment will be provided by the
committee in charge.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52, always known
for its good times, is on deck again as
usual, with headquarters at Pacific Ocean
House.
Ilincon Parlor No. 72 has secured head
©■**•*+** *2!7j»rxr3Er3er ss i* I* paj^y xj ivxryp- ******** 9
l"«p^ GIVE OUR BOYS A *^^>,:
> ...4th OF JULY WELCOME...
_, __ " — 3
i ZIP -BOOM -AH Si
i? ■ __— • ; %
b California Fireworks for California Boys! . «
b•: ■ c
i californiallreworks co.J
I^SC2n 219 FRONT STREET. *^2&^ '
-% Open Sunday «nd Evenings. ■
•********xr^r^r3sr^rpa ps I* Pa mxrxrxrxrxr *********
.....-■ 5. The R
■
Is at ■ •
■
: ■ i. general j
: 3 1". W. I.- ■S, .1. L. AU- ■
r. \vhn ha\ I
Hotel.
NlantJ
■ Duncan !!• us< Vai
I rtainment are outlin<
immittee in charge
Fir.lay Cook, F. Mord . A. W. Bor
•raz Tarlr-r No. 145, with headquar- i
In !::.■
I A. K. !
trip t d ru- ;
mar hi I I I Grand Cv ■ Gal
lagher has been arranging a sur
■
») has the Pavilion
at the beach. Lo<-,k out for breakers.
-
in Knights -if Pythias Hall, This parlor
will k^en open bouse. Th> . ge
nial c will keep tl
SG. N. Van Orden, J. O. Earles
. E. Hehan.
E*arlor No. 202— tho "baby" par
lor—will make a fine shewing in the
radp. They have cv: theil
It is • I that they are r.o
longer I ottle."
Parlor will entertain their
■
will turn ou fty i lers in uni
f< rm with i ■ :ewalk< r Major Wa
ters as drum i:.
f N. E. Dean, M. G. Perkins
and J. N. Fogarty.
located in the court
rooms. The members i arlor will
make a strong showing
Sea Point Parlor No. 158 will be in the ;
parade with about sixty members.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
Large Delegations From the Interior
Will Join in the Celebration.
There was a meeting of the executive
committee of the Odd Fellows' Golden
Jubilee in Odd Fellows' Hall last night.
President Jones in the chair.
It ivas stated that the souvenir book
Is meeting with great success and that it
will be the finest fraternal publication
that has ever been prepared in this city.
It vvas announced that there will be del
egations from Sacramento, Los Angeles,
Alarneda County, Santa Clara County,
and Sonoma County. "It is asserted thai
Santa Clara County will organize as a
district and will probably have- a thou
sand Odd Fellows In line.
It was decided that the excursion to El
Campo shall be on Friday,- October 20.
There will be mu?ic. games, dancing and
some literary exercis.s. Th.c Patriarchs
will go 10 the grounds and give one of
their Grills in the pavilion. J. A. Foster
D. C. Mai m and D. a worth wero
named to fill the vacancies on the excur
sion committee. .
Fresno Lodge contributed $20 to the
jubilee fund, Knu-rnrise Lodge of Oak
land $25 and OliVf Krrnmr.mont *-,
Republican Delegates Mccl
Th.^ Rep..; . g t| on O f tne T: . r ..._
eighth Assexni i. • ■ met last night at
the and Dnanimously elected A ;
\V. Liechti r-hairmrtn and Myrtile* erf sec' i
retary of the delegation.
THE RAN TRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
POLICE GET NEWS OF
DOYLE ,ALIAS HOWARD
The Plunger Was Seen on the Oregon
Express Nearing Portland.
"Handsome" George Adams and "Teddy" Alex
ander Make Further Statements Showing
Chiefly That Thugs Were Hired to
Do Away With Green,
Charles Doyle, alias Augustus Howard,
wanted on a charge of swindling "Wlllard
Reed Green of Denver out of large sums
of money, is thousands of miles away
from San Francisco. All . the time the
police believed' him to be in hiding in this
city he was speeding northward, and Is
now supposed to be in some town in Bru
sh Columbia, awaiting his opportunity to
;lip away to the Orient.
Positive information as to the move
ments of Doyle was received in this city
yesterday from a Mr. Little, connected
with Wells, Fargo & Co., who la now in
Portland. It was mailed from that place,
which he reached on Sunday from San
Francisco, and was addressed to a well
known business man of this city, who
immediately turned It over to Chief' Lees.
In the letter Little says he saw Doyle,
whom he knew as Howard, pass through
the sleeper of the Oregon express on Sat
urday night last. He saw. him again the
next day on the train as it neared Port
land, but paid no particular attention to
the matter until he picked up a newspaper
>n Monday at that city and saw the police
were looking for Howard. He sat down at
once and wrote the letter.
Chief Lees is satisfied that Little is not
mistaken, and that the man of many
aliases has made good his escape. From
his position in the Wells-Fargo Bank Lit
tle had numerous opportunities of seeing-
Howard, and in his letter cites that fact
to show that he could not be mistaken
In the fugitive.
Up till the receipt of the letter Chief
Lees and the detectives working on the
caso had evtry reason to believe that
their man was in "hiding in this city, al
though it is prosumed they took the usual
course in such cases and sent broadcast
telegrams calling (or the apprehension of
the fugitive, following them later with
full descriptions, supplemented with pho
tographs. The movements of Doyle's wife
and the mt.rmer Of his attorneys, who
loudly [aimed the innocence of their
client and rather intimated that he would
soon put in an appearance to refute the
charges made against him and confound
his accusers and the police, gave- addi
tional ground Cor this belief.- On top of
all this the detectives had assurances
from several persons who claimed to be
acting in the interest of Howard that he
was in town, sick, but would give him
self up if some plan could be devised
whereby the bail would be reduced to
such a figure that the accused could meet
it by depositing cash.
Frank McGregor, .an attorney and a
well-known character around town known
as "Fingers," by reason -of the fact that
several of those useful members are miss
ing from his hands, figuredas the go-be
tween in t,he last instance. La.st Thurs
day McGregor approached Bailiff Thomas
P. Barry of Police Judge Slogan's court,
in which the-»warrants lor Doyle's arrest
were sworn out, and asked him what was
the chance of getting Doyle's bail re
duced. Barry asked him why he wanted
to know, and" McGregor replied that there
was a thousand dollars in it for him if
the ball could be reduced to such a fig
ure that Doyle, or, as he ailed him, How
ard pould raise it. Barry told McGregor
that he would have to see the police
about that. ' •
McGregor saw Detective Thomas Gib
pon a short time afterward and asked
him the same question. Gibson said he
thought the bail could be reduced some.
He then asked McGregor it he was act-
Ing for Doyle and the attorney replied
that he was, saying his man would give
himself up at once if the bail was reduced
to $20,000. Gibson held out for $25,000 ana
finally went to Chief Lees with the mat-
C<> i've got nothing to do with the bail,"
paid the Chief. "All I want is the man. I
have no objection to a reduction; get the
Gibson then saw Judge Mogan, who
agre-ed that he would cut the bail to $20,
--(XiO but refused the request- Of McGregor
that he would sign an agreement to that
effect McGregor, who • had been rein
forced by '.'Fingers," left the City Hall,
promising that if everything was .satis
factory to the friends of Howard he would
return and prepare to deliver his prin
cipal into custody. He did not come back
during the day, but that evening sent for
Detective Gibson, with whom he had an
other talk, "Fingers" also being present.
The trio parted wgain. it being the under
standing that Howard would be surren
dered the next day. '
The next day came, and McGregor and
"Fingers" met Gibson according to ap
pointment, without result. They met him
again Thursday night and explained the
non-appearance of their man on the
ground that he had been unable to raise
the necessary ball but would do bo very
soon, their manner being taken to indicate
that "very soon" meant yesterday. Yes
tarday brought with it the letter from
little containing positive information of
the "plunger's" whereabouts, and the
search for the fugitive in this city was
abandoned. '•'.■- i''-. : '-'i. j
Although it is now proved beyond a
doubt that the police were mistaken In
thinking for a moment that the man
they wanted would remain to be captured
and stand trial, their time does not ap
pear to have been wasted. During the
two days McGregor and "Fingers" held
out the" ignis fatuus of the proximity of
Doyle, they have got from several wit
nesses direct evidence of the connection
of Doyle. alias Howard, with the Austra
lia!! crooks Murphy. Kelly and Casey,
who robbed the strong room of the steam
er Alameda, ier having given Howard
the "double cross" on his plan to murder
Millionaire Green. "Hands George
Adams Is one of these and "Teddy" Alex
ander, trainer and handler of pugilists. is
S'nce the occasion of his first visit to
the police Adams has taken pains to deny
to several reporters that he knew any
thing concerning Doyle, or Howard, be
yond the fact that he was a good fellow,
with money to burn. This denial was
made under Instructions from the police
and from Adams' lief that it might not
be well for him to make public all he
knew of the man of many aliases, while
there was any likelihood that. that Indi
vidual would turn up. Now that he knows
Howard is thousands of miles away,
Adams breathes easier and talks more.
He admits that he was one of a party of
three, of which Teddy Alexander was
PASTOR W. B. ANDERSON
ORDERED TO SACRAMENTO
• TOvEV. W. B. ANDERSON, the
T \i^J) well-known pastor of Bethel A. .
v IP^L M- SS. Church, has been ordered
.j. ° by Bishop Galnes to go imme
-5* diateiy to Sacramento an.l take charge
•'.• of Jhe Bethel A. M. K. Church of that
X city. Pr. Anderson's congregation Is
J. greatly depressed at the news and are
J only consoled by the thought that
V their pastor is going to a wider field to
A do good. During the three years he has
X been in charge of the local church he
Q has won innumerable friends by his"
A courtesy and strict attention to duty.
V "When he first accepted the pastorate
A the Bethel A. M. E. Church had a $9000
;, debt hanging over it. but by energetic
I work he reduced it over $3000, increased hla congregation and placed the
? church on a sountl hasis.
> To-night he will take formal leave of his flock and there is no doubt that
S tears will be sheci by many in losing him. He will review his three years'
s work in their midst and give them some parting spiritual advice. Rev. W.
I \Y. Grimes of Sacramento will take charge of the local congregation.
| one, that was in Jimmie Murphy's state
; room on the steamer Alameda the night
■ of March 22 last, before she sailed, and
i he says he heard Murphy say to Alexan-
I der:
"What do you think! This man Howard
! wants us to throw Green overboard. I've
gut my part of the swag, and I'm going
j to dig out."
Murphy's part of the swag was $5000,
which was paid to him on the dock by
Howard, Murphy at that time being in
Howard's own carriage, which had been
driven from Kelly's stable by Howard's
| own coachman, Rudolph Shade.
Frank Kelly has admitted to the police
that he not only handled the sack How
ard took from the Bank of Commerce
j safety deposit box. but counted it as well,
i the first time ln Jesse Marks' saloon and
| the second time in the toilet at the Palace
i Hotel.
Adams has also admitted to the police,
; as heretofore stated in The Call, that he
' acted for Howard in spreading abroad the
: rumors that Green was the man who had
; hired men to commit murder on the high
i sea.
From Alexander the police not only ob
! talned a corroboration of the story told by
i Adams of the conversation, with Murphy
! in the stateroom of the steamer Alameda,
but they got evidence to show that Mur
i phy, Kelly and Casey had committed a
j diamond robbery in Australia in addition
; to robbing a bank at Auckland, New Zea
! land. In fact, Alexander admitted that he
! had had -in his possession a number of
i pawn tickets for the diamonds which Kel
ly. -Murphy and Casey had stolen, ar.d
had sold. two of them to women in this
city. Another ticket he gave to Danny
Needham. the well-known pugilist.
Alexander said the tickets had been
given to him by Murphy. He also told the
police some of the things the trio of Aus
tralian crooks had confided in him con
cerning the Auckland bank robbery. They
- r ht up with them as the result, of
that exploit bank bonds of the value of
£960, which they sold to brokers ln this
city.
In the face of this tesFimony of How
ard's pals, Adams and "Teddy" Alex
! ander, who chummed so closely with
i Casey, Murphy and Kelly, the attorneys
J for Howard may still insist that appear
| ances are not against their man. Once
I upon a time Attorney Shurtriilge thought
differently. Four years ago when the
then Howard had Mrs. Brackett arrested
on a charge of larceny. Shortridge waa
engaged to defend the woman, and a re
port is on file with Chief l.cc? to the ef
fect that the lawyer could find nothing
j hard enough to: say against his present,
or rather, absent, client, Howard.
A Vaquero's Bad Fall.
Frank Tyrell, a vaquero from Butcher
town, while ri.'sine his horse on Courtland
avenue yes- I moon, had his right
ler broken. The mustang ■ upon
which Tyrell'was mounted commenced to
buck at the corner of M>>ultrie and Cort
land avenues and ln doing so dismounted
its rider. Tyrell struck the ground
on his right' shoulder and lay there iin
k>us until his removal to the City
ty Hospital by Police OfnV.-r
James F. Sheehan. After having his in
luries attended to he was removed to his
Home.
Hanson Seriously Injured.
FrM Hanson, while hoisting some stone
on a. dray at the stoneyard on the corner
of Harrison and Nineteenth streets
yesterday, was seriously injured on
the ■ head by a piece of iron which
fell from a defective derrick. li.
was removed to the City and
County Hospital by Officer George Far
r. 11. An examination of his injuries
showed that, his skull was fra> tured.
w is little hope of saving his life
entertained by the attending physician.
■ ».« — ;
Park Music To-Day.
Overture, "Fra Di&volo Aubfr
(Chilean dan<^-, "Mariana" Uissud
n. "Grand t»uuhess" Offenbach
• 'Pasquinade" • Gottsch.ilk
Thames from opera "Nabttceo" VerJi
»' crand march from ' the opera
"Siegfried" wagner
Selected duet for cornet and barytone
Waltz. "Invitation to nance" Weber
The "genegambian Patrol" ■ X
Concert Qal< p Faust
■ ♦ ■
Three Burglars Sentenced.
jamfs O'Connor, who a few weeks <igo
entered Lubeck'B jewelry store, 4 Sixth
street, and stole a quantity of jewelry
and was convicted of burglary, was ?en
tencjd to five years in Folsom by Judge
liawlor yesterday. O'Connor's pal. Frank
Smith, who pleaded guilty to the same
charge, was sentenced to three years and
six mor.ths in San Quentln. Louis Fat,
convicted of burglary, was sent to Fol
som for a term of four years.
. ♦ ■
Gone to Her Last Rest.
The many friends of Miss L,izzi.- Pahrs
will regret to learn the tidings of her sad
death, which occurred yesterday. The de
ceased wa.s only 19 years of age and had
hosts Of friends In local social circles.
She was a sister of the Hon. Judge
George H. Bahr*. The funeral will take
place to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
from the funeral parlors of Theodore
Dierks. K7 Mission s:r<- t.
■ ♦ » . —
Died in a Doorway.
A man. whose name is yet unknown,
was found flead in a doorway of a Chi
nese house, on Stockton Btreet, between
Sacramento and California. about 11
o'clock last niirht. Death was due to nat
ural causes. The dcod man was a fami
liar character about Chinatown. His body
was taken to the Morgue.
.■ • «
Paper-Hangers Will Debate.
The Pappr-h;ini;r.rp *"'!' meet at Labor
Bureau Hall to-morrow evening to dis
cuss the advisability of introducing the
piece-work system in this city. Adherents
of the present day-work sy.st.-m will be on
hand to combat the idea and a rather
warm debate Is >x;>^tnl.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan, 1017-10U3 Mission.
MAGNETIC HEALER.
FROIl C.J92TO A. D. 1899]
Escalapius, in B. C. 292, Astounded the World by
Curing Disease With Medicines— Rome
Termed Him the God of the Healing Art.
PROF. WELTMER OF NEVADA, MO., THE GREAT MAGNETIC
HEALER OF THIS AGE, ASTOUNDS THE WORLD
BY HIS REMARKABLE CURES WITHOUT THE
AID OF DRUGS OR THE SURGEON'S KNIFE. -
The Medical ProfessioQ in an Uproar— The Secret
of This Method Revealed to All.
"^ ,_„_., lt .» i ■ <^> > <iKZ^ r
The phenomenal cures made by Pro.essor
P. A. Weitmer of Nevada, Mo., have been so !
ling and wonderful as to attract the at- j
tention of scientists and physicians throughout
the world. An eminent physician who has won j
of the medical profession by his
history of Esculapius. the heal'.ng god, known
In B. i". SJS, says: Whjle it Is true that we are j
told that Esculapius became so efficient in the :
healing art that he actually succeeded so far
ai to restore the dead to life, and in this way
Offended Pluto, who complained to Jove of the
Innovation, and Jove slew Esculapius by a flash !
Of lightning, still In making my researches ud ,
. tit day I can say without hesitation
that Professor S. A. Weitmer. the great Ne-
vada, M > . Magnetic Healer, has done more for
science and humanity than did Esculapius. for
this wonderful man has followed the precept of
the Living Christ.- In this I do not mean to be I
sacrilegious but to emphasize my statement j
by saying that the Great Nevada (MoJ Pclen-
tist Is following in the path made by Him who
was born at Bethlehem, and healing without
drugs or the surgeon's knife. Again, Professor
S A. Weitmer is more generous to humanity
than was Esculapius. for the latter had a few
era kn wn as the Ascleplades. who were
li | by an oath not to divulge the secret of
the healing art. while any • ne placing them-
selves in communication with Professor S. A.
Weitmer can receive instruction from him. for
he is most anxious to teach his art to others,
that the great method, of which he Is the
founder may live and continue to bring the
■ i to health and happiness, even after
lie has passed to the great majority. Thou-
sands of testimonials from w wthy people in
every walk of life are in possession of the
American School of Magnetic Healing of Ne-
vada, Ma and the seeming miracles performed
VIGILANTS SEND
A WARM LETTER
TO THE MAYOR
Is Asked to Answer
Sharp Queries.
CHINATOWN VICE UNCHECKED"
HIS ATTENTION CALLED TO A
PROMISE HE MADE.
Neglect on the Part of His Honor to
Aid the Society in Its Good
Work Irritates Its
Members.
Secretary M. M. Foote of the Vigilant
I Society, which was organized for the pur
j pose of morally cleansing Chinatown by
closing dens of vice, has addressed an
other communication to his Honor in ,
which he calls the Mayor's attention to
his laxity in coming to the aid of the so
ciety, as he had promised. The docu
ment', which in all probability will be the |
last to be sent to the Mayor by the V'igi
lants secretary, is full of pointed queries
which his Honor is invited to answer. it
is as follows;
Hon. James D. Phelan. Mayor of the City ]
and County of San Francisco, State of Califor- :
nia—Dear Sir: Pardon us for again attracting
your attention to the duty of certain public I
officials to suppress Chinese houses of ill fame,
and to the additional fact that they still exist
in the city and county. ■
We acknowledge that the Chief of Police paid
no attention to the letter of the secretary of
this society pointing out section 4 of the act
of March 31, 1566. which made it his duty, as
well as yours, to suppress Chinese houses or ill -
fame without requiring any notice from an> j
person whatsoever. ..
We acknowledge that the Board of fcupervi
sors (who received from the secretary of this
society a similar notice to those sent the Chief
of Police and yourself) dodged the Issue and de
i clined to do its duty upon the ground that
! the act was in their opinion unconstitutional,
: and then ordered the offensive notice to be sent
! to the Chief of Police, who already had a no
tice almost identical • with the one they sent
i him. Why they sent this notice to the Chief
! If they considered the act unconstitutional is
more than we are able to comprehend, unless
• they regarded it as a "trespasser and desired
him to arrest it without warrant and throw It
into the tanks without booking it. Surely they
did not mistake It for the "official notice"
which It Is said that the Chier of Police re
quires ere he Is willing to act.
I The Board of .Supervisors' opinion of the un
i constitutionality of the said act is almost M
! peculiar as their sending the notice to the
\ Chief of Police. They first declare the act of
March 31, 1566, to be unconstitutional, and
i thereafter upon July 24, MS, they base a reso
i lution declaring the Hotel Nymphia to be a |
by this great scientist are so wor.aer:ui mat
they would be doubted by the skeptical ones ■
If the proofs were not bo positive. A few In- \
stances of which we mention:
Hon. Press Irons, Mayor of Nevada, was
afflicted with kidney and bladder troubles for
ten, years and could find no relief in the usual
remedies. In one week he was completely re-
stored by Professor Weltmer.
Mr. John S. Small, Coif ax. 111., was deaf in
his left ear for seven years; could not hear a i
watch tick' when placed against his ear. Was
permanently cured in three days by Professor
■Weltmer. Mr. L.. W. Rains, a wealthy lum-
berman of Hornbeak. Term., suffered constantly
with kidney trouble for twenty years; also with I
constipation and prostatlc troubles. Exhausted .
the best medical skill, but no relief. He for-
tunately heard of Professor Weitmer. and was |
soon restored to perfect health, and now says 1
this treatment will cure anybody. Mrs. M. E. I
Hawkins, Loulsburg, Kans., was afflicted
twenty years with prolapsus and enlargement i
of the womb. Indigestion and perpetual head- :
ache. Tried everything that offered relief and I
gave up In despair. Heard of Professor Welt- ;
mer, took his treatment one week and was
permanently restored to health.
Professor Weltmer also possesses the remark-
able ability to cur» people at a distance, and
hundreds have been restored in this way. Mr.
G. W. Hlghtower. Tiff City. Mo., was a total
wreck, having suffered many years with
stomach liver and kidney troubles. Tried
everything without relief. Fully restored by
Professor Weltmer 1 s Absent Method.
Mrs. Minnie Porter. Texarkana, Tex., was
afflicted for eighteen months with kidney and j
other diseases, and for twelve months unable j
to get out of her bed. Was expected to die at j
any time. Permanently cured by Professor I
nuisance and ordering it to be closed and sup
pressed, upon an amendment to the said act of
ISG6. which they had declared to be unconsti
tutional. In the first instance they have al
leged that they acted upon their own
opinion, and it may be possible that in the last
they acted upon the opinion of some one else
who knew more about the subject matter. At
any rate we are inclined to believe that it is
safer to rely upon the opinion of the large num
ber of cood lawyers from all parts of the State
who were members of the two Legislatures
which passed the said act and its amendment,
upon the opinion of the two Governors . who
gave it their indorsement, and upon that of the
Code Commissioners who continued it In effect.
Upon the other hand, if the Board of Super
visors have the power to declare the Hotel
Nymphia to be a "house of ill-fame" and a
"public nuisance" and order it "to be forth
with closed and suppressed" why have not they
the same power "to forthwith close and sup
press" the Chinese houses of ill-fame which are
known by every one of them to exist in this
city and county?
But they fail to close these cesspools of sin.
Why? Can it be that. they consider these iron
barred prisons where female slaves are nightly
subjected to assault and constantly to false
imprisonment as necessary institutions, which
it is their official duty to protect by failing to
suppress them? ■
]> you suppose that these public officials
who aid these- heathen lawbreakers by neglect-
Ing to suppress their houses ever stop to con-
Rider what portion of their vice they, as pub
lic servants, are responsible for; or what pro
portion of the expense their neglect causes
this city, State and county?
Who is responsible tor the fact that private
citizens arc forced to organize societies for the
prevention of cruelty to children?
Who is responsible for the ■ fact that the
churches are forced at great expense to estab
lish and sustain missions for rescuing these
unfortunate slave girls, many of whom are
minors of tender years?
Who Is responsible for the fact that .the
courts are forced to give their valuable atten
tion to the vile and disgust evidence and
perjury brought to light in the hearing of the
numerous writs of habeas corpus sworn out
by these foreign yellow fiends Incarnate?
Who is responsible that little Kirn Oy was
within the past five or six weeks sold into
slavery for J1TOO: rescued by the M. E. church
missionaries and the Eureka Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children?
How long are these abuses to be tolerated?
Would you pardon us for asking how long
before you Intend to take another step toward
I § CUBED by DR. PIERCES BELT 1
J / BWnt'"'' Y^JF^Tf^* 1 OPHIR. CaL.'July 16, 1599. £
* / - \rv^~<*\ Pierce Electric Co . San Francisco— Gents: .*
5- ~-i->'ir^ -^'J I TZX', / \ , Your Electric Belt cured me of a lame back M
J -^-fa-'^J/^^ (n .1' J: \ j / of 32 year?' standing. I got your Belt 8 y-;ars J
T '■ ■'', fi&K'-^. \ ■ raT-'y^ It* r 4 .* •' ago and used it a short time and from that r
J \.'rA\' B aj»».-=- s 7 time on have had no trouble of that kind. J
* ' "EH/ 7 - •'•'|ffiaß€^ J l/ 1- Yours very truly. CERIACO ESTRADA. *
Jr - -. { W m ,^[y "■'^ *e&fJ?^ MR RICHARD HOLMES of Santa Monica, .*
)*- 'V*?> J* - \ 1 H/- r •'j' "7V\ Cal., in writlnf? us on June 16. '99. says: "Dr. .*
-~p3/*Zf')s'> "i\\T''§\ '.V\ Pierce, your Belt proves to be A GRANT) SUC- M
CESS " ' -t
* '- S^T^T I1 '-' F rf^r 1 — T — We have hundreds of letters like th above '<
J • "ic^^i'iV^ /•—^ gV-?t — now on file and others arriving all the time. J
J "%P^T^" /' •*." 7 ' * ■^i- It you want a Belt that will CURE, try "DR. I
? Ss 4? a Jkt\ lf~^L' '•' JI~ PIERCES" and you will not be disappointed. C
Jf ''XWigfl^^^ ? VT ETBooklet No. : tells all about it. Call at -?
*■ office or send 2c In stamps. Address J
I PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, %
J 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco, C * £
Weltmer's Absent Method, and has gained
sixty-five pounds.
Mrs Lavisa Dudley. Barry. HI., suffered for
thirty years with neuralgia and stomach
troubles Nothing but morphine would relieve
her. Permanently cun?d in a few weeks by
the Absent Method of Treatment.
Mrs M A. Devault, Defiance. Ohio, was
a-'fli led five years with dropsy, stomach and
I troubles. Could get no relief from med-
ical science. Was fully restored by Absent
• ent in ten nays.
Mrs. M. M. W:iiker. Poca. W. Va., Buffered
t\ ti Eema, indigestion and female troubles.
Doztr. tort failed to {rive any relief.
•vns permanently restored by Professor
Absent Method In two months.
Mrs Jennie L. Linen, Lakeview, Mo., was
for two yean afflicted with ulceration of the
heart and stomach troubles and general
debility; was reduced to a mere skeleton. After
takinsj gallons of obnoxious medicines without
relief she tried the Weitmer Absent Ttreat-
ment. In less than thirty days she was en-
tirely relieved and gained fifteen pounds.
Professor S. A. Weltmer's Absent Treatment
Is. indeed, the sensation of the age. and on
account of It he can be beneficial to all classes
of people, for neither distance nor condition
make any difference to him. The Weitmer
method never disappoints. It can be positively
stated to th-se unable to go to Nevada. Mo.,
thaj this method will reach and give relief, no
matter where they live, no matter what their
condition. By writing Professor S. A. Weit-
mer Nevada. Mo., you will receive, free of
charge, a 4".-paiye illustrated magazine and
list of testimonials of men and women who
owe their good health, in 'act. their very life,
to the Weitmer Method; also much information
on this science of healing.
THE WELTMER METHOD TAUGHT TO OTHERS
This Noble Profession Has Already
Brought Fame and Fortune to
Many of Its Students.
. Professor 8. A.
-^"^^■■^Sji^^ Weitmer, the or-
jB&Sr^'£*Si2?&L lglnator of this
£tirl&? T&Q&fiS&i. marvelous rneth-
MSr S^^S |b od, will teach tha
or *^tz to others ho^v
—^^ -^^^^S known dlseasa
riiii ¥&s2si!!£- s 2'£q y surgeon's knife.
Jdfh , ~&*tst£§3srdj/ Any one who de-
-I,'J/Jt s t^J&i^W&&%j sires can learn
l'J r i/f&^&§i^}-^WiMd/ fesslon. Any on-*
vsP\ i;k^*«^^Pw^' who learnB caa
'■■«'s£i&fjft!s£si\ Bk" na s abundantly
/ vi^ \ jf&K proven 'this by
by him and who
f**"""lw' 'ft Pxv/Tf ! <2 : &1 v ' 4 are in the actlva
r or wpy • » practice of heal-
&7 ing by his meth-
PROF T v KTTTY Od. He will teach
VKUt. J. H. K.LLLY. you ln ten d^ ys
; either by mail or personal instructions, through
which wealth and fame can be earned. i?or
■ full instructions, free, address Professor J. H.
I Kelly. Secy, Nevada. Mo.
suppressing these Chinese houses of 111-fame?
We are forced to ask the above questions
i owing: to the fact that it is now three months
I since you were notified of your duty to sup
: press Chinese houses of ill fame, and your at
tention called to the law requiring the Mayor,
j the Board of Supervisors and the Chief of Po
lice to suppress Chinese houses of ill fame.
Four days later in a letter to the secretary of
this society you agreed to send the notices re
quired by law and asked for such information
as we possessed as to the location of the said
houses anil the names of their owners and in
mates. Six days later you received from us
i the information you requested. It was nearly
one month later when you caused these no
tices to be served, to wit., upon June 15. Sinco
that time over sixty days have elapsed and we
have heard nothing from you regarding this
matter.
What are we to believe? Are we to think
that you intend to do nothing further? If so,
kindly let us know and we will take pleasure
in endeavoring to do without the assistance of
the public officials, what the law clearly makes
it their duty to do.
We regret sincerely your failure to close
these houses, which suggests the thought that
you never intended to close them. Now It is
just a question for you to decide whether you
will do anything or not: If you fail to do so we
will wonder why you ever wrote us your letter
I of May 12, 1899. Very respectfully,
M. M. FOOTE. Secretary.
"Cars stop here." this Is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Tegamoid Aluminum does It for them;
Opposite "Call Bide." 'tis a gem.
A Runaway Horse in a Window
A horse, the property Of the California
Bottlin? Company, while being driven by
A. Krov.se of 936 Green street, ran away
yesterday on Seventeenth street. In.
turning into Castro street the maddened
animal ran directly against the window
of the grocery store of J. Joyce, on the
corner of the streets mentioned, and
to the glass. Having got the
great-r portion of it? body through iha
window it was caught by the frame ar.d
held there until freed. When taken out
it was found that the animal was severely
cut by the broken glass. The window
was a complete wreck.
78
DO 000000000000000 OO
D O
I % 11/est^ i
o °
HANK HARRIS'
BALL-TOSSERS
GO BACK A PEG
Thirteen-lnn ing Game
at Recreation Park.
"Keno" Kripp's aggregation of "up-lhe
rtver" l>.-ill tossers came down from Sac
ramento yesterday and in a long-drawn
out thirteen-innlng contest at Recreation
Park, resulting in a soon- of - to 1, dis
any idea that Hank Harris had
stowed away about having a cinch on the
it w...^ a garni replete with-ex
citing plays, foul tips and few kicks. The
crowd, which was 1 largest' of the
waa noisy but nol over-demon-
Btrative. The Bacram* nto rooters were
68 shy of the number advertised to
I ent, but made up in enthusiasm
what thej lacked in numbers.
former National league.
player and umpire, passed judgment on
itrikes, giving entire satis
: • c Rubi Levy of kindergarten
fame r< ndered decisions on the base
: gave his rulings with
out hesitancy and tolerated no. ridiculous
i. • . Rom thi- players.
The victory of yesterday gave the '•beer
bottlers" a lead of .-ight points over the
local team, amounting to about half a
g-aine; but to-day's, contests will deter
: finitely the league leadership. It
•was the hoodoo thirteenth inning that
caused Uncle Hank's face to wear a
Beamed a 1. For the Wasps
Hllderbrandt. Mull, r and Krug went out in
one, two, three 1 order,, and then Kripp's
.- ■ ■ ■ ■ me thai
: p < ("Neil and sat down
on the bench MeLaughltn then connect
ed with one of 'Fitzpatrlck'a razor-edged
curves, reaching first. McLaughlin stole
Becond, and when O'Connor plant
down to nter started for home.
) • Ided quickly, but on a short throw
the ball passed between Swindells' legs,
and the gam.- was lost, McLaughlin scor
ing.
Harvey was very steady and effective
■it. and it was * not until the
fourth-inning that one of Harris' players
reached the home plate. Twice in this
inning were the bases !iil>-«i. and the
i hard 10 rattle the Sacra
: r. 11 grot to the first bag
Is. l\nm was .r< tired on a
foul fly i" left, and tnen Sullivan went to
tin bat. The latter caught one of Har
ontorted twl ters square in the
a two-b ■ nter, which
sent Muller Josh Riley then
• McLaughlin failed to
pull down, and Mullrr scored. Doc Pyne
rst .on called balls, tilling the
bases again, but Tip O'Neills
(own and h*- retired the side with
an . asy ;: ■• to c« nter.
Not until their half of the eighth inning
[l!.l on>- .if Kripp b stalwarts till his card
and holler "Keno!" Doyle shot a not one
that tickled Wiley's lingers.- and
the batter was safe at first. Shanahan
. slid to *< cond. Stulz
then n- I iriTe 1 left for
■\\ ing l "Ale to score: Shee
han hit an easy one to center, and Mc-
Laughlin fanned the atmosphere on three
-
For tin Sai ramentoa O'Connor's hand
■ I'erything that came his way on
the initla! bag, and the faultless playing
m third, were pleasing feat
ares. M- • ' fee, the new catcher, also cre
ated a favorable Impression. "Truck"
Eagan also played his usual .g-ood game.
■ Lan" Fitzpatrick acquitted liini-
Belf with credit. in the box for the Wasps,
:,' his carbuncled neck with much
dexterity "Soakem Heiny" Krug seemed
a big favorft" with the crowd, .and though
•!t: wirli the BDhere on several oc
Not a Temporary Dangerous Stimulant, Such as
is Produced by Electric Belts or Patent Medicines,
but a Permanent Restoration to Health and Strength.
A great many people do not seem to understand the difference be-
tween the regular practitioner and the medical expert who has devoted
his life study to. say. three or four complicated diseases. They seem to
be under the impression that every physician cures any disease with
equal success. It is an every-day experience to have a patient say, "I
have tried nearly every remedy sold by druggists for my trouble," and
the invariable verdict is "No benefit." Another will say: "I have been
treated by Beveral family physicians in my neighborhood who thought
they could cure me, but the results proved otherwise."
Every member of th* staff of DR. METERS & CO. Is a specialist of
Jong experience In curing DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF MEN*.
Thfir original method of treatment checks all wasting of flesh, truilda
up the nerve tissues, creates sound and refreshing sleep, removes pains In
any part of the body, makes the weak strong, Increases concentration and
banishes the visible, and invisible symptoms arising from violations of
the laws of nature.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are not only more experienced in CURING
MEN, but they arp better prepared than any other doctors, as they have
the largest and most thoroughly equipped medical Institution In America.
DR MEYERS & CO. have always had a largo practice, but to-day
they are curing more men than ever before.
THEY CURE — Lost. Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural
Losses, Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture,
Tumors, / 'ancocele, Special Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleep-
lessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Diseases, Bladder Dis-
eases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases, Heart Diseases, Blood
Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear
Diseases, Lung Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
As a guarantee DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient 'deposit the
price of a cure in any bank In San Francisco, to be paid to DR. MEY-
ERS & CO. after he Is entirely well. If It Is not convenient to do this
payments may be made In weekly or monthly Installments.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK.
There are men in every city, town and school district throughout the
"West who have been cured by DR. MEYERS' successful HOME-CURE
system. Although It is preferable to see the patient in many instances,
it is not always necessary.
If you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis sheets, free ad-
vice, prices and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters,
confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages to Indicate name
of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. #=\ '«™ o «.
Hours — 8 to 5 daily, 7to 8 evenings, 9to n Sundays.
m£atest Svents in the World of Jportw
nnAnnnAnnnnnnnAAnnnAAAOfIfIOOOOOOOOOOOOCOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
TENNIS PLAYERS WHO COMPETED ON DEL MONTE COURTS.
casions did not have the pleasure of scor
ing. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt, r. t... 6 0 113 0 0
Miller, 1. f 5 10 0 2 0 0
Krug. s. s 6 0 2 0 4 7 0
Sullivan, lb: 4 0 '! ■ 0 20 1 0
Riley, 3b..... 5 0 0 10 2 1
Swindells, c. 5 0 0 0 6 11
Pyne, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 11
O'Nell. :i> 5 0 0 0 16 0
Fltzpatrlck. p 5 0 0 0 1 4 0
Totals 7', 15 2 »33 23 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, 1. I... 6 1-2.1 2 0 1
Harvey p 4 0 0 0 5 2 0
O'Connor, lb 4 0 1 0 17 6 0
Eagan s. s 5 0 l 0 0 5 0
Menefee, c 6 0 10 6 0 1
Doyle, r. f 5 12 0 3 0 0
Shanahan, c. f 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Stulz, 21 5 0 2 0 12 1
Sheehan, 3b 5 _ 0 0 0 0 5 0
Totals .' 43 .2 9 1 33 19 3
•Two out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Franc'o..0 001.0 000000 0 '0— 1
Base hlts...0 10 10 10 10 10 0 0—5
Sacram'to ...0 00000010000 1—2
Base hits...0 110 2 10 10 2—0
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Fltzpatrtck. Two-base
hits— Sullivan. Stulz. Sacrifice hits— Harvey,
O'Connor. Sullivan and Shanahan. First base
on errors— San Francisco -'. Sacramento 2.
First base on called balls— San Fran, - 2;
Sacramento 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 7.
Sacramento 4. Struck out— By Harvey 6, by
Fltzpatrlck 4. Hit by pitcher— O'Connor. Double
plays— Krug to Sullivan; Krug to O'Nell to Sul
livan. Passed ball— Menefee. Time of game
2:30. Umpires— Levy and Graves.
The San Franciscos and Gilt Edges meet
again to-day in two games. In the morn
ing game, played in Oakland, lberg will
pitch lor the local team at,,! Doyle tor the
Sacramento team. In the afternoon game
at Recreation Park Harvey, for the Gilt
Edges and Fltzpatrick for the San Fran
ciscos will twirl the sphere.
« 1 —
Crabs Win From the Dudes.
BANTA CRUZ. Aug. 19.—The Crab.- won
to-day's game from the Dudes. The score
was 13 to 1. The locals played in cham
pionship form. The . positions had been
shifted around; Streib went behind the
bat. Pace to first base and Arellanes to
shortstop. In the second Inning Moakl
man. for the Oaklands. was batted out of
the box, Santa Cruz making nine runs.
In the fourth inning, aft"-r two more run^
!:.i.l been made off him. MoflkimAn retii-<-'!
to third base, Lang'e taking his place in
the box. Drennan, center fielder for the
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
Crabs, accepted Beven chancos and never
missed uno. The Du'dea only made four
hits oft Balsz, while the Crabs made fif
teen off tho Oakland/ pitchers. Oakland
put up a stubborn game after the fourth
inning-, hut could not hit safely. The
teams play again to-morrow morning and
afternoon. In the morning game the
Crabs will play a new pitcher, Harris.
Daubenblss will be in the box m the
afternoon panic.
SANTA CRTJZ.
AB. U \\\i. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2b.... 4 10 0 12 0
Devereaux, ?,b .r> 10 0 2 2 1
Pace, lb 5 2.3 0 .10 2 1
1 trennan, c. f f> 2 2 0 7 0 f>
Strieb, c 5 4 3 4 2 0 0
Arrelanes, s. .». 5 1 2 0 2 4 1
dark, r f 4 13 0 1 0 0
Dalrymple, 1. t 4 10 0 2 0 0
Ualsz. p 4 0 3 0 0 3 0
Totals 41 13 16 4 27 13 3
Oakland.
AH. R. HH. SR PO. A. E.
Donovan, c t 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Hammond, c S 0 1 0 0 3 0
Hutchlnson, lb..- 3 0 0 0 10 0 1
Hardle, r. t 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f. & 2b. 4 0 0 0 5 2 0
Lanpo. 2b. 3b & p.... 4 12 3 13 1
6 I 1 leer, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Moaklman, p & 3b... 4 0 1 0 0 2 0
Platt. 1. 1 & 3!) 3 0 0 0 10 2
Totals 33 1 4 3 24 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 09020101 •— l3
Base hits 16130212 •— l6
Oakland 0 10000000—1
Base hits 01001100 I—4
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Crux 3. Two-base hits —
Drennan, Btrieb (2), Moaklman. Sacrifice hits—
Arrelanes. Hammond. First base on errors —
Santa Cruz 2, Oakland 3. Kir.-t base on called
balls — Santa Cruz 2, Oakland 1. Left on bases -
Santa Cruz 5, Oakland 4. Double play— Balsz
to Pace to Strieb. Wild pitch— Balsz. Innings
pitched by Mosklman 4. by Lange 6. Hits off
Moskiman 11, off Lange 5. Time of game—
1:15. Umpire— J. Shea. Official scorer— H.
Fleisie.
Babieß Defeat Prunepickers.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— The babies from
Wat son vi lie put it all over the San Jose
Pruncplckers to-day, tho score standing
11 to 2. Andrews' queer pitching made the
procession around the bases look like the
return of the soldier boys from Manila.
in other ways the locals were outplayed.
The score:
HAN JOSK.
AH. U. BH. SD. PO. A. E.
M.-nimfcon, l. f £, v l 3 1 0 1
Huston. 3 1) 4 0 0 10 3 0
< i Dea ?. h 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
Borchers, 1 b 2 0 0 0 13 0 1
H;iiil(.n, c. f. & p... 3 0 10 0 0 0
Andersi n, 2 b ..3 0 1 0 4 7 1
Foley. r. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Andrews, i>. <fc c. f.. 3 1 0 1 1 l 0
Kent, c 4 10 110 0
Totals 31 2 3 6 24 15 3
WATS! iNVILI.K.
Alt. _K. BH. SR PO. A. E.
Br.'fkhoff, 3 b, 3 2 1 1 4 3 1
1 McCarthy, s. s 8 1 1 0 1 4 1
Courtney, c. f t 1 1 l o 0 0
Croll, r. f 2 2 0 0 3 0 0
Selna, 1 b 8- 110 13 0]
Morrow, c S 1 2 0 4 l ft
Billings. 2 b 4 110 0 10
Hayes, 1. f 3 10 0 10 0
n, p 4110110
Total* 31 n 8 2 ut io 3
RUNS AM) HITS HY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 00020000—2
Base hits 0 00101100—3
Watsunvllle 2 0 0 0 7 0 0 2 •— n
iia^e hits 2 0 0 0 2 0 1 3 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Balk — Whalen. Kuns responsible for — Wha
len 1, Andrews 4, ]{;inlon. Tbree-bSJM hits—
Whalen. Uror-kholT. McCarthy. Two-base hit—
! Hillings. Sacrifice hits— OD ea, ' McCarthy,
I Hanlun. Bases on balls— Ofl Whalen 5. off An
drewa ti, oft IlnnNm 2. First base on errors —
' San Jobs 3^ Watsonville 1. Struck out— Uy
! Whalen 6. Hit by pitcher— Selna 2. Left on
bases Sim Jo.cc B, Watsonvllle 7. Passed hall-
Kent. Double plays— Selna unassisted; ODea
to Anderson to Hanlon. Time of game — One
hour and 50 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell. Scor
, cr — Waldorf.
TOM BUTLER IN FRONT.
; Takes the Mile National Champion
ship at Boston.
BOSTON, Aug. 12.— The concluding races
I of the meet at Charles River Park were
only fair in ouality, and they dragged so
badly that the last events were run in the
; darkness. The mile national champion
ship, professional, and the mile cham
plooship, amateur, were the big numbers,
; but the former was slow and the latter
narrowly escaped being a farce In the
finals. Tom Butler won in the mile pro
fessional, with Major Taylor second, both
1 riders showing wonderful sprinting abil
ity just at the time when the race looked
I lost to them. Jim Moran of ChHtsea
i took the amateur honors, beating out Pea
j body of Chicago by a few inches.
In the two-milf professional handicap
the scratch men, the Kutlers and Taylor,
I either lost in thf-ir heats or had no show
i In the final from bad handicapping. Frank
[ Starhuck made a beautiful twenty-mile
[ paced race ugafhst Gibson of Cincinnati.
| and won through the latter's inability to
| ketp up to his motor pace. Summary
One-mile national championship, professional,
! final heat (limited to first men In heats and
! Tom Kutler)— Won by Tom Butler, Major Tay
lor pecond, H. Carman third. Time, 2:07 1-5.
Two-mile handicap, professional, rlnal heat-
Won by T. B. McCarthy, Toronto (ISO yards),
' J. W. Puuquette, New Orleans (140 yards),
1 second: Hurli McLean, Chelsea, Mass. (200
yards), third. Time, 4:10.
One-third mile exhibition, paced, without
handlebars-E. H. Taylor. Time, :40 2-5.
Two-mile handicap, amateur— Final heat won
by W. A. Ladue. New York (60 yards); Les
ter Wilson. Pittsburg (scratch), second; U. 6.
Mlnle, Chlcopee, Mass. (30 yards), third; F.
A. Josephs, Detroit (60 yards), fourth. Time,
4:45 .3-5.
One-mile national championship, amateur,
between J. A. Moran, Chelsea; Ben Qoodson,
Australia; E. W. Peabody, Chicago; A. Tallan
d!er, Paris; W. A. Ladue, New York; O.
Weber, Milwaukee— Won by Moran: Pea body
second. Weber third, Goodson fourth. Time,
2:34 I-.",. ,. . . ' •
Match race, twentv miles, motor paced, be
tween Frank Starbuc'k. Philadelphia, and Harry
Gibson,' Cincinnati. Won by Starbuck by near
ly three miles. Time, 35:51 3-5.
• Five-mile intercity team pursuit race, be
tween Philadelphia and Boston— Won by Bos
ton (Eddie McDuffee and Nat and Frank But
ler), four and one-third miles, in 9:27.
Three-mile visional championship ama
teur team race, between Massachusetts, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Maine and New York—Won
by Massachusetts, Pennsylvania second, Colo
rado third. Time, 9:27 3-5.
Australian pursuit race, unlimited — Won by
John T. Golan. Trenton. N. J.; Nat Butler sec
ond; C. A. Church, Philadelphia, third. Time.
7:17 1-3.
BROOKLYN SHUT OUT.
Bean-Eaters Bat Pitcher Kennedy Out
cf the Box.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
" Clubs— W. I* Pet. ! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....«7 35 .657, Chicago 64 43 .f.29
Boston C 639 .629 PUtsburg ...52 52 .600
Philadelphia 66 40 ,623 New Y0rk. ..45 56 .44<i
Baltimore ...62 40 .60S 'Louisville ...4.". 59 .432
St. Louis 66 47 .543 Washington .36 69 .337
Cincinnati ..65 47 .639 Cleveland ...18 90 .167
BOSTON, Aug. 19.— Boston blanked Brooklyn
in a sharp fielding game to-day. Willis' pitch
ing was superb, while Kennedy was a mark
for Boston after the third inning. . Hlckman's
batting and the fielding of Collins and Tenney
were features. Yeager replaced Kennedy In
the seventh. Attendance, 9000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 9 13 1
Brooklyn 0 6 2
Batteries — Willis and Clarke; Kennedy. Yea
ger and McGuire. Umpires— Emslle and Mc-
Donald.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 19.— 1t was an even split.
In the first game Tannehill was too much for
the Clevelands, while Hughey was easy. in
the second Leever was- hit hard from the start
and in the seventh the visitors made throe
three-baggers in succession. Ktiepper, on the
other hand, pitched gilt-edged ball and kept
the - hits well scattered. Attendance, 4200.
Score, first game: t
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 11 16 1
Cleveland •. ,» 1 9 6
Batteries— Tannehill and Schrlver; Huehey
and Sugden. Umpires— Swartwood and Dwyer.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pitt.-l>urK 3 7 3
Cleveland 8 15 3
Batteries — Leever, Sparks and Schriver:
Knepper and McAllister. — Swartwood
and Dwyer.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 19.— The Orioles won to
day's game from Washington In the fifth in-
nine, wnen .Mercers wuaness gave mem eignt
runs. Murry and Padden were put out of the
grounds In the first- Inning for excessive -"kick-
Ing " Nope reversed his form of yesterday,
when Chicago knocked him out of the box.
Attendance, 2jOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 18 2
Baltimore 11 13 i
Batteries— Mercer and Duncan: Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Manassau and Hunt.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The Phlladelphias
■topped the New forks' winning streak to-day.
The lccals could no) bunch their hits and wen*
hnndlcapped by the absence of Doyle an.l
Davis, the two men who took their places mak
ing errors that let in two runs. Attendance.
4500. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
New York 2 » .1
Philadelphia 4 5 2
Batteries— Doheney and 'Warner; Frazer and
McKurland. Umpires — Lynch and Connolly.
VIOLET SUTTON WINS.
SANTA MONICA, Aug. IP.— The tennis
tournament that closed to-day has been
one of the best ever held In Southern Cal
ifornia. The uncertainty of the cham
pionship has added a zest to the play, and
a curious feature haa been that four sis
ters, the Misses Button, played in leading
events, competing with each other, defeat
ing all opponents ami finally playing for
the championship among themselves.
The northern man, Sumner Hardy, has
made many friends by his courteous ri
valry, and will be welcomed whenever he
(••'tnes again to try the fortune of tennis
war. The most exciting contest of the
day was the game between Hardy and
Way and the youngsters, liendricka and
Sinsabaugh. Three times were the lads
on the point of winning when the older
players escaped defeat by a terrific play.
In the finals Miss Violet Sutton defeated
her sister Ethel, winning the cup and the
j championship. The games overflowed the
i two tennis courts, and the consolation
i singles were played in the Miramar
courts.
The tennis ball this evening was held at
; the Casino and was a great social event,
Mr. and Mrs. Roy Jones having it in
hand.
The summary of to-day's play follows:
Semi-finals, omsolatlon- ISennlck beat WIN
• son, 4—6, «-2. 6—3. Hendrlck beat R. A.
Rowan. C-3, 6—2.
Flnal«--Henrlrlik beat Bennlck, B— l, 6—7, 6—2.
Ladies' ■lnflea, seml-llnals— Violet Sutton
beat Ethel Sutton. 6—4, 6—4.
Final, ladlos' singles— Violet Sutton beat Flor
ence SllttOD, 6 - L', 6—4.
All -comers' doubles— Hardy and Way beat
Hendrlck mid Klnsabaugh, 6—B, 6—4. 4—6, 6—l,
SUCCESS OF THE MEETING.
i .
One of the most sensational race meets
ever held in California reached its con
clusion yesterday at Santa Rosa. Such
veterans of tho turf a.s Monroe Salisbury
and l^ot Slocum aflirm they have never
Been such high-class racing, one day af
ter another, as has taken place here' dur
| ing the week.
On 1-Tkiay a four-yoar-old mare stepped
I miles In a race In 2:13% and 2:l2'i. Timed
1 separately in the second heat, in which
she was off badly, she was found to have
traveled in 2:10. In the 2:16 class trot
the horses wont three heats In 2:l."?Vi. 2:11';
and 2:12 1 / 4, while two-year-old pacers did
| 2:23'^.
Mr. Helman's great horse, Alta Rio, a
full brother to Cbehalis, 2:04« i. and Del
Norte, 2:09, which broke two small bones
in bis near hind ankle, is improving rap-
I idly. Alta Rio is one of the greatest
I horses in California and the accident was
I lamentable. Mr. Helman expected Alta
to get a record of 2:10 or better this sea
! son. He was well entered throughout the
circuit.
on Friday a singular accident happened
to the bay mare Mabel MeKinney. While
she was being jogged previous to her race
: she suddenly staggered and went along
on three legs. Investigation showed that
one of the tendons of the foreleg was
badly sprained.
The Santa Rosa track has proved to be
fast, and the directors of the Pacific Coast
j Trotting Horse Breeders' Association as
sert that they are satisfied with the
patronage accorded the meeting.
It was hard luck when George Berry
had A. B. Spreckels' mare Psyche shut
out among a class of horses that she
should have been able to beat. It was
hard luck when Mr. Lumsden's mare Rob
let was shut out the first heat among a
class of horses that had no right to beat
her, for she can go a mile in 2:10 or bet
ter. It was hard luck for Mr. Salisbury
when Theron, from whom he expected
freat things, proved hlmseif a ''quitter.'
n spite of these misfortunes the meeting
has been a marked success.
ACCIDENT MARS
THE CLOSING DAY
AT SANTA ROSA
Driver Tryon Badly
Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 19.— biggest
crowd of the week attended the last day's
races of the meeting at Pierce Brothers'
track this afternoon. Six hundred per
sons came down from Ukiah on an excur
sion train, and other towns to the north
were well represented. The Inside field
was crowded by private carriages half
way around and two rows deep, and the
grandstand and betting field were thickly
populated with enthusiasts. The day was
pleasant and the track in good condition.
The first race was the 2:30 class trot,
best three in five, for a purse of $1000. A
great deal of Interest centered in this
event from the fact that McGregor &
Hockin's bay mare Eleanor Ann, the local
equine which made such a splendid show
ing on the first day, was scheduled to ap
pear again. There were entered Juan
Chico, Eleanor Ann, Dos Minutos, Ruby
X, Lottie Parks and Psyche. The latter
sold favorite all the way through.
In the first heat Ruby N had the pole
and she was first at the quarter, passing
the pole In :S3. From there on. Lottie
Parks had the lead, reaching the half in
I:O9Vi. The drive down the stretch was
redhot between Ruby N and Lottie Parks,
but the Crowley mare reached the wire
first by a half neck, scoring in 2:19^. The
horses wore sent off In the second heat
in very poor shape, the local mare several
lengths behind, much to the disgust of her
many admirers. The entire course was a
scries of successive surprises, but Psyche
came under the ' wire several lengths
ahead of everything else, and Eleanor
Ann was second. In this heat .Lottie
Parks was distanced, and as Dos Minutos
had been shut out in the first, only four
horses started in the third heat. The
start was good and Psyche soon took the
lead. At the quarter she broke badly and
fell back to third place, the Santa Rosa
mare taking the lead. Coming down the
stretch Psyche forges! ahead and won the
heat from the local favorite by a length
in 2:19. In the fourth heat Psyche got off
in the lead, with Eleanor Ann a close sec
ond, but before reaching the quarter pole
the Spreckels mare broke and fell to the
rear. At the half Eleanor Ann had the
lead by four lengths, but about that time
Psyche began to close up. Spreckels' en
try and the local mare came down the
stretch neck and neck. Psyche broke
within ten feet of the wire and the heat
went to Eleanor Ann in 2:20%. Psyche
having been set back for repeated break
ing, in the fifth heat the horses got on*
well bunched. Psyche leading slightly. At
the quarter she was bringing up the rear
of the procession and Eleanor Ann was
away ahead. At the half the mare that
carried the money and the one that haa
the friends were neck and^xieck. From
there on Psyche led; winning by several
lengths In J:I7U, With Eleanor Ann sec
ond. Psyche took lirst money, Eleanor,
Ann second, Ruby N third, and Juan
Chico saved his entrance tee.
The second race was the 2:15 pace, best
two in three, for a purse of $1(XK). Eleven
horses were entered and ten answered the
call. They were: Arthur W, Ketciium,
Dictatres, Harvey Mac, Goldie, Primrose,
Don Fannie Putnam, Deceiver ami
Belle W.
During the preliminary scoring the
pneumatic tire on Primrose's sulky came
off. causing some delay. While scoring
again Primrose fell just opposite the
grand stand, giving Driver Tryon a nasty
tall. Horse and sulky rolled completely
over him, but Tryon was game and
jumped up ami caught the mare as she
scrambled to her feet. Physicians were
called for and the unfortunate man was
tarried to the stable. Another driver waa
put up and the scoring continued. An
examination showed that Tryon's collar
bone was broken, one end protruding
through the llesh. The shoulder was dis
located and the breastbone. fractured.
Three times the horses were returned
to the stable on account of inability to
Mart properly, nearly two hours being
consumed altogether in scoring- in this
race before the first heat. When the
horses were finally sent away P. ii.
Qulnn'fl big black horse Arthur w, with
J. Quinn up, was slightly in the lead. At
the Quarter it looked like a procession.
At the half they were fairly well bunched,
but at no time during the heat did the
black relinquish bis position. Coming
down the stretch, Fannie Putnam gave
him a brush, but the Quinn horse took
the heat by a length In 2:11%. e'annie
Putnam won the second in 2 : 1 4 l i and iol
lowed it up by winning the third in 2:14.
The third and last race was the ihree
year-old trot, 2:30 class, best two in three,
for a purse of $300. The bookmakers
picked the brown filly Miss Barnabee for
favoritism, offering 6 to 10 on her against
the field. The start was a fair one, but
just after leaving the wire the favorite
took the lead and hold it all the way
around. She came under the wire in a
Jog, several lengths ahead of Lena A, in
2:23%. Tia Juana and Blanche T were
both distanced, and Charles G did not
come to the scratch at all. so the next
heat was between Lena A and Miss Bar
nabee. The latter took the heat and race
in 2:21%:
During tho afternoon the Spreckels
team, Marguerite and Annie Rooney,
went an exhibition mile hitched ■to
a bike wagon. Silkwood, the Santa Ana
stallion, advertised * extensively as "the
guideless wonder," also went an exhibi
tion round. The announcement that he
would appear and pace without harness
or driver had aroused much interest. He
was in charge of Bunch, the well known
driver, who started him off alone at the
end of the stretch. He went around in
beautiful shape and later repeated the
performance.
Except for the work of Samuel Gamble,
who officiated as starter, the entire meet
ing has been a great success. The com
plaint against Gamble has been heard in
the grand stand and on the track and field
every day since the meeting commenced.
Summary:
2:30 class, trotting, purse $1000; mile heats,
three in five.
Psyche, by. Cupid-Emma S (Dona
than) .....* 114 1
Eleanor Ann (McGregor) 5 2 2 ( 12
Ruby X (Noble) 2 4 3 2 3
Juan Chico (Rodriguez) 3 34 3^4
Lottie Parks (La fferty) 1 dis
Dos Minutos (Hogoboom) dls
Time— 2:l9%, 2:1714. 2:19, 2:18. 2:17%.
2:15 class, pacing, purse $1000; mile heats, two
In three.
Fannie Putnam, by Christmas, by Path
finder (Jeffries) 3 11
Arthur W (Quinn) 1 5 3
Don (Reid) 3 6 2
Ooldie (T.affrrty) *.... 7 2 5
Dlctatress (Kent) 6 4 4
Primrose (Tryon) 4 2 6
Belle W (Wempo) 10 8 7
Deceiver (Sawyer) 6 7 d
Harvey Mac (Purree) ". 8 d
K«tchum (Felton) 9 d
Time— 2:ll%. 2:14V4. 2:14.
2:30 class, three-year-olds, trotting, purse $300;
mile heats, two In three.
Miss Barnabee, by McKinney-Bel "
Ami (Maben)..: : 1 1
Rena A (Hogoboom. 2 2
Tia Juana (Quinn) dls
Blanche S (Hellman).;.... dls
Charles G (Donald) Scratched
I Time— 2:23%, 2:21«.
Hobart Plays Good Tennis.
HOMBURG. Aug. 19.— There was an
other brilliant assemblage at the lawn
tennis games here to-day. In the compe
tition for the Homburg cup, final, W. V.
Doherty beat Clarence Hobart, the Amer
ican player, three sets to two, after an
exciting match in which Hobart. though
the los^r, was seen to great advantage
In the gentlemen's doubles, semi-finals'
R, F. Doherty and H. L. Doherty beat
Gore and Howard and Hobart and X
Black beat S. V. Draper and W. R. Mar
tin.
0000000000000000000
o" " o
0 '%? Cast <ifr %
o o
000 o 000 0000000000000
HARDY AND CODE
CAPTURE THE DEL
MONTE DOUBLES
Clever Tennis in the
Finals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL, MONTE, Aug. 19.— Rarely has any
resort been the scene of two such notable
sporting events simultaneously as those
that occurred at Del Monte to-day, and
the Interest that was manifested in each
shows how much of the true sportsman
like spirit there is among the visitors in
this big caravansary. To-day's tennis
matches were as well attended by mem
bers of the smart set and the good points
as vigorously cheered as on yesterday,
and th^ players were thereby encouraged
to do some of the best work of their lives.
Indeed, the tennis of to-day, all of which
except two matches were scratch con
tests, was as good as any seen on Cali
fornia courts and much better than most
of the tournaments.
The prevailing sentiment at the begin
ning of the tournament was that handi
capping would play havoc with the men's
form and a really good team would be
unable to do brilliant work, but quite the
contrary proved to be the case, and the
scratch matches in the consolation tour
nament to-day developed tne fact that the
men who received the benefit of the hand
icaps won not so much on the advantage j
thus gained as on their own excellent j
work. While Hardy and Code came out |
victorious and won the handsome silver j
oiimbs and brushes that the hotel man
ap.ment provided as first prize, every |
match was closely contested "and their
very best efforts were necessary to keep
from going down before the stiff play of
their opponents. In the finals Smith and |
Phillips r;m them such a close match, de
spite a constantly recurring cramp in the
leg from which Smith suffered during the
entire contest, that several times th<? lat
ter team almost won out. It Is believed j
by some, that but for the trouble that i
Smith had with his leg he ahd Phillips I
would have taken the final set.
The consolation tournament proved so ]
successful that" the hotel management has
off( itd another set of prizes to be com*
pi ted for to-morrow by the teams tl'.-vt i
lost in to-day .• contests. The drawing j
for the consolations was held last nights
and resulted as follows: Root and Brad
shaw vs. Warburton and Fatjo; Jones
and Aryuello vs. Emery and Willeyi
Johnston and Seager vs. Hunt and Stone;
Pyburn and Rowling vs. Harper broth
ers.
Play commenced at 9:30- this morning,
with Rout and Bradshaw of San Fran
cisco and Warburton and Fatjo of Santa
Clara In the opposite courts. The former
t<am won the toss and Fatjo served first.
The Santa Clara boys played in good
form, the serving of Fatjo and the side
line play of his partner being particular
ly fine. Dr. Root, who was in bad form i
yesterday, showed up in bettor style -to
day. He drove at times phenomenally
and accurately. George Bradshaw was,
as usual, on his mettle, and returned al- I
most anything. The team played strictly :
uniform and won the match.
Emery of Nevada and Willey of Pacific
Grove defaulted to Jor.es and Arguello of
Salinas. Pyburn brothers of Salinas de- |
faulted to Harper brothers of Pacific
Grove.
Johnston and Scaper of San Francisco ,
played against Hunt and Stone of Aia
meda. Hunt, who had been quite ill and
who showed up in such poor form in the
first day's events, to-day played an excel- !
lent, aggressive game. Stone was in bet- \
t« r form, too. His drives Were often hard
and accurate, while his partner's lobs j
were deep, frequent ami effective. Dr. |
S< ..^' r, who played brilliant tennis yes
ttrday. played many clever strokes' to- j
day. Merle Johnston, his partner, was ,
lather Inaccurate, but made a good show*
ing. The Alamedans won after losing !
one set. 5-7, (i-1 and G-2.
In the semi-finals Jones and Arguello
were matched against Dr. Root and
George Bradshaw. The latter team took
four straight games. The Salinas men,
however, braced and made several deuce
games, but scored only one game during |
the set. In the second set the San Fran
ciscans again played an aggressive game '
an<l won easily in 6—2.
Dr. Phillips and Grant Smith played
Harper brothers of Pacific Grove a match ;
unfinished yesterday on account of dark
ness. Each team had scored one set, but '■
by mutual consent the entire match was
played over. The local cracks wero de- j
feated in two straight sets, 6 — 2, 6—2, but
before being vanquished played some good
tennis.
Code and Hardy vs. Phillips and Smith ;
started the finals in the handicap affair.
Dr. Seager acted as scorer. Code and
Hardy won the toss and took south side
of the court. Dr. Phillips served first ami
from first to last of the entire match
played an accurate although defensive
game. Grant Smith smashed continually
and many times effectively. Code was in
excellent form, and throughout the match .
made a strong partner for Hardy. Hardy
in the first set showed some poor plays j
but braced toward the latter part and won I
the set, C— 4. In the second set, after!
furious play. Hardy and Code won, 6 — 4. I
Smith and Phillips braced wonderfully in !
the third set, played an aggressive game '■
I and turned the tables on the final winners
of the match with a like score, 6 — 4. The I
fourth and fifth sets were played care
fully. In the fourth set, at the fourth
gamp. Smith was attacked by cramps In
the log and was compelled to rest two !
minutes, after which he entered the court
and played in oM-time form. Hardy and j
his partner brought the game up to deuce,
but their opponents won out, B—6.
The fifth set, which was not only the '
most exciting of the match but by far the
most interesting tennis played in "the tour
ney, brought out some phenomenal >
strokes by Hardy, clever blocks by Code I
effective back-court work by their oppo
nents and superb volleying by all four
players. At no time until the match was
finished could the outcome be predicted '
Hardy and Code took the set by 9 to 7 !
thereby winning for themselves "the first
prize, two silver toilet sets. The defeated :
team received as prizes two diamond scarf '
pins.
In the finals in the consolation doubles i
Hunt and Stone played Root and Brad- ;
shaw. The former team won handily In :
three straight sets— 6-2, 6-2 and 7-5. Both
team received rackets as prizes The !
summary of the games follows:
Phillips and Smith defeated Harper ;
brothers, 6-2, 6-2.
Handicap finals— Code and Hardy (hand- [
(capped live-sixths of fifteen) "defeated !
Phillips and Smith. 6-4, 6-4, 4-6, 6-S. 9-7
Consolation tournament, all teams piav
ing scratch— Root and Bradshaw defeated
Warburton and Fatjo, 6-2, 4-6. 6-3.
Jones and Arguello won from Emery
and Hamilton by default.
Hunt and Stone defeated Johnston and
Seager, 6-1, 5-7, 6-2.
Pyburn and Rowling lost to Harper
brothers by default.
Harper brothers defaulted to Hunt and
Stone.
Hunt and Stone defeated Root and
Bradshaw in the finals, G-2. 6-2, 7-5
The pigeon shoot to-day was 'a decided !
success from a sporting point of view
some excellent records being made. Four
teen entries— right from the Country Club
and six from Burllngamc — were madt> and
the preliminaries resulted In a tie In the
shootoff of which R. B. Murdock emerged
victorious as winner of the Del Monte
cup, with F. R. Webster second, he tak
ing the Wordon cup. The shoot was open
to all California country clubs, hut repre
sentatives of only two entered, thus mak
ing the contest rather in the nature of
team shooting. About 600 birds were lib
erated from traps, 400 being brought down,
leaving a lo.w percentage of misses.
R. B. Murdock, A. H. Whitney, F. R. ,
Webster and C. W. Tuttlc each brought
down 24 birds out of a possible 25. tying
for first place, and in the shootoff each
man had to shoot three rounds of five
birds. The summary follows:
C. E. Worden (C.)... 22 B. Johnson (B.) 19
W. B. Tubbs (0....20 F. A. Tallant (C.)... 23
F. R. "Webster (C.).. 2» P. Martin (B.). 19'
A. H. Whitney (8.).24 C. W. Tuttle (0....24
Oeo. Crocker (C.)....1S W. R Whittier (8.).16
F. J. Carolan (8.)...20 E. Brusuiere (8.)....16
R. B. Murdock (C.).. 24 E. Donohoe (C.) 20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
isff
wnm
■
That's the universal verdict of
ALL who have taken time to inves-
tigate our company, its plans and
prospects. You who haven t had
time to come and look into it; let us
tell you WHY the hundreds who
have investigated have come in with
•us. Perhaps you may do the same.
BECAUSE So. I
WE HAVE 2000 ACRES, THE
LAuGEsr HOLDING* OF A>Y IN-
DIVIDUAL COMPANY. RIGHT IN
■ HE ACKNOWLEDGED OIL. BEL i
OF CALIFORNIA, "the Great Pa-
noche," a belt that Is producing
wells of 1000 barrels a day and
which, in the opinion of every ex-
pert who has been over It, will rival
the oil fields of the world as a for-
tune maker, v
BECAUSE No. 2
The company is Incorporated with
a capital stock sufficient to guaran-
tee the carrying of the project
through to success. It will not
mean the sinking of a well or two
and if oil is not struck the aban-
donment of work from lack of
money. Tilt: RtSOUKCtSOHTHt
COMPANY ARE «>I)FHC.£NT lO
GUAKANTcE THE SINKING OH
WELLS UNTL SOMEWHEkE
ON OUR 2000 ACHES A PRO-
DcCEk IS TAPPED.
BECAUSE No. 3
Sufficient stock has been placed In
the treasury of the company to off-
Bet any .possibility of assessments.
The treasury stock to be sold from
time to time at the advancing prices
laid out by the Board of Directors
will give the company for develop-
ment purposes one hundred and
thirty-five thousand dollars. This
sum "is sufficient to sink twenty-
five .wells, each fifteen hundred feet
deep. As our experts predict oil on
our property at six hundred feet it
would be almost beyond the range
of possibilities to expend this sum
without striking oil, v RiuAUY
GUARAN i E<- iNG 1 O THE STOCK-
HOLDERS NO CHANCE Or 5 FAIL-
URE AND O CHANCE OF AS-
SESSMENTS.
BECAUSE No. 4
- The financial affairs of the com-
pany are in the hands of a Board of
five Trustees, composed of well-
known and prominent California
men.
Not one dollar of the funds can
be expended without the sanction of
this Board of Trustees. '. They meet
at regular intervals the same as
the Board of Directors, consider all
matters entailing the expenditure
of any moneys and "O X" all bills
before a Treasurer's warrant can
be drawn for same. Being virtually
a check upon the officers and Di-
rectors, they insure ABsOLuTEIY
TO THE STOCKHOLDER. NOT
ONLY A ri O.tOUGH AND CARE-
FUL CONSIDERATION OF hLL
MATTERS Oi-I.vtPOR IAISCEPE .-
TAI > I ti ' O THE COMPANY. BUT
THE PROPER HANDLING O ALL
FUNDS ,ND Mi .MEV-- B LONGING
TO THE CORPORATION.
BECAUSE No. 5
The location of the lands of the
Union Consolidated Oil and Trans-
portation Company assures abso-
lute freedom from railroad sover-
eignty. .A pipe line is to be run to
head of navigation, a distance of
only twelve miles, and oil shipped
by boat to San Francisco, Oakland,
Stockton and all bay towns. This
is a facility no other oil company
possesses, and enables tne company
to lay down oil at the consum-
ers' door cheaper than any other,
THUS AVO 1.1.NG ABSOLUTELY
ANYP.)SS.K LITYOFBEI>GSHUT
OUT THROUGH PROHIBITORY
RATES BY THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC O* OTHER ROA »S—
a liability all other companies are-
subject to. ' .
BECAUSE No. 6
Every man and -.woman looks
forward to the possibility of some
day being comfortably fixed, if
not wealthy. There Is a content-
ment accompanying freedom from
financial worries that is most fas-
cinating, to mankind' and woman-
kind in general. . .
THE CONCLUSION HAS BEEN
UNIVERSALLY KtACHcD TtiAT
WEALTH IS OT THE RESULT
OF HARD WORK. SEIF I>EMAL
AND SMALL SAVING, but Inva-
riably accumulations from lucky
investments. The fortunes of Car-
negie, Rockefeller and other •mil-
lionaires were made hy speculation.
The stock of the ' Union Consoli-
dated Oil and Transportation Com-
pany, now selling at $4 per share,
will undoubtedly bring hundreds,
and perhaps thousands, when oil is
struck. The oil fields of Pennsylva-
nia and California have demon-
strated that fortunes can be made
quicker in ofl stocks than any other
known investment entailing as
small an amount of risk. A FEW
DOLLARS N VESTED NOW MAY
MEAN EASE AND COMFORT TH^
BALANCE OF YOUR LIFE
Can you blame the hundreds who
have come in with us. in grasping
an opportunity that may mean de-
liverance from drudgery, self-denial
and financial worry.'
No More Stock
At $4 per Share
Alter Aug. 31st.
Prospectus with full particu-
lars free
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-323 Parrott Building
SAN FRANCISCO.
President Mark Walser
Secretary A. F. Harasthv
Treasurer M. B. Schotield
DEPOSITORY:
Bank of Commerce.
DIRECTORS:
Mark Walser, lA. F. Harasthy,
M. B. Schoficld, I Richard Young,
Dr. J. A. Wheeler.
BOARD OF TRUSTEES:
Colonel W. E. Holbrook,
President Pacific Exploration Co. and
Alaska Hydraulic Syndicate,
San Francisco.
W. M. Stover.
President Stanislaus Dredging Co. and
Horseshoe Bend Mining Co., .
Sonora.
W. S. Peters.
Secretary ■ The Best Manufacturing Co.,
San Leandro. '
Harrison Barto,'
Vice-President George Spauldlne Co
President Little Valley Lum- . "
ber Co., San Francisco.
' .V A. J. Frcese,
Principal Irving Scott Evening School.
San Francisco.ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ I
I GOLDEN GATE 1
CLOAK AND SUIT I
HOUSE, 1
j 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. j
I GOLF CAPES.
I Fall and Winter Styles, 1
I 1599-1900-. I
I \Vp arc prerarpd to show an extensive H
I line of the latest styles of Ij
I GOLF CLOTH CAPES. I
I Prices $3.95 to $20. I
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' I
GOLF CAPES. I
§ Prices $2.50 to $7.50. I
I GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT
HOUSE.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
Furniture Carpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest D^clfms In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing;.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Free
delivery OaJtland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY,
338-340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL*
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Mail-. ISSO.
OIYQk I I I HJ H and Morphine Habits
□ M E gIH cured at home. Write
1O I t N Hfl fr ' r full particulars
H I I 188 INDIAN OP. CM CURE
W I ■%# 111 8..D. KIMMIB, 201 Turk
St., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL. |
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»j^ Pteamers leave Broadway
aOTk. Wharf, Pan Francisco.
' "^^^ I or Alaskan ports, 10 a., m.,
I lr- :> !rV^^ :^ Alien: 19, 24, 29. September 3.
' hO. &VySxk change at Seattle.
'■ SSE&^NjSai I or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i f:i&£*^i%!ini C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
;r^Hfi_rasn\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrtes
and New Whatcom (Wash.>.
10 a. m August 19, LA. '.".'.
September S. and every fifth ■ day thereafter;
chance nt Seattle tn this company* a steamers for
Alaska and G. N\ Ry. ; nt Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. August
IT. 22. 27. September 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayisco?, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Haviota. Santa Hirbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East Pan Pedro U..OS Ar.Reies) and
Newport. S a. nj.. Aucu?t 20. 24. 2S, September
'. ar.i every fourth day thereafter.
For Sin Dlcro. stoppine: only at Port Har-
ford iP.Tn Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Rednndo 'Los Anxeleß)., 11 a.
m.. August IS. 22. 2*i. 'in, September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Kn?ena»la, Magdalena Bay, San Jose "lei
I'alw, M&Eatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Ilex.), 10 a. m. 7th of each
nt!:.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company serves the ristht to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
nril Vinnr« nt MiHnc.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteU.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO Gten. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. CO.
jJT DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
"PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FA DC $12 First Class Including: Bert*
IHIIL SB Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aug. 26 Sept. 5
COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. 31, Sent. 10
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane Butte
Helena and all oolnts In the Northwest!
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODAUj, PERKINS & CO..
_ Superintendent!.
AMERICAN LINE.
fEW TOHK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New fork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York... .August 231 New York Sept 13
St. Louis August 30! St. Louis Sept 20 j
St. Paul. .September 6 i St. Paul... September 27 I
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New -5 rk Every Wednesday 12 noon
ICoorland Aug. 23|Western1and ...Be I 11
Frlesland Aug. 3*^ Kensington ....Sept' 20
Eouthwark Sept. 6jNordland Pept. 27
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery Ft., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan Ftrr-°t 1 n m ' for i
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, ralllnr at'
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day !
of Balling. *
AMERICA MART* Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's' office
421 Market St., cor. First. '
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
Pan3EX)Rm3«9 The S. S. Australia
lalSWlraßlC' 1811 * for Honolulu
M I •t' r "" fl Wednesday, August 23.
3 ■ _ at 2 p. m.
I WSOj/^F^ S. S. Alameda Balls
ist6amCh|nJ via Honolulu a.nd
J^gy GMM'JIIIU'-' Auckland for Sydney
<s^^*^ MlP'if)/^ Wednesday. September
vSr""M«ltfer6. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; {610 first class.
1. a br'HtCKtLS & BKUS.CO.,Mgts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAONIE GENERALE THANBATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.
fallinp every Saturday at 10 a. m. <• "T II X ft
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -» ■«« — •
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. August 26; LA
TOURAINE Sept. 2; I.A CHAMPAGNE, Sept.
•' LA UABCOGNK. Sept. 16: LA BRETAGNE.
•""'ept ■: First-class to Havre. $65- and up-
ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond claps to Hi re. $15. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 22 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
c,\7.l & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
Komery ftve.. San Francisco. -
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
~>oB U. S. lAVY-TWBAII VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mootlceilo."
MON Tuei Wed. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night). Frl-
daya.il p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p 'm landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Main 1&0 S.
FARE 5n °
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
SPLENDID RECORD OF A
CALIFORNIA SOLDIER BOY
AMONG those who enlisted in the
volunteer army and went to the
Philippines to fight the Spaniards
at the outbreak of hostilities be
tween Spain and the United States was
a young Californian, a San Francisco
boy, Harold Chambers. He joined the
Twentieth Kansas when that now
famous regiment was here en route to
the Philippines, and that he has ac
quitted himseif nobly is proved by the
following tribute to his bravery and
strict attention to duty, written by
t'aptain Kdmund Boltwood, under
■whom be has served since he donned
T'liele Sam's uniform and started upon
his care.-r as a soldier:
"MANILA, P. 1.. July 11, 1<599.
"Editor San Francisco ("'all : I wish
to make known through your paper
the record of a Californian, Harold
Chambers, who enlisted in my com
pany while we were at Camp Merritt
and whose parents reside at H-ll Sacramento street, in your city. He has been
my company clerk, in which position he has bee,, of much value to me. This
has not kept him. however, from being on the firing line, and he has been present
in the following battles:
"Tondo, February 4; Blnonolo, February .".; Caloocan. February 10; Tuliuhan
River. March 2S: Polo, March 2-5; Marioloa, March 27: Guiguinto. March 20; Mal
olos. March 31; Calumpit or Bagbag River, April 25; Apalit, April 27; San Toraas,
May 4.
"In addition to this, he was for twenty-seven consecutive days under fire 1n
the trenches in front of Caloocan, and always showed remarkable nerve and cool
courage. At the Rio Grande River he anxiously and earnestly pressed his claim
to the privilege of swimming across with the rope with which the raft was to be
pull, d over, but the men had been selected and he was denied.
"But it is of another kind nf heroism that 1 wish to speak. At the battle of
Apalit he was shot in the left side, the ball striking a rib. passing under the
flesh and coming out five inches from the point of entrance. Chambers, although
stunned for a moment, did not lose bis presence of mind. He says he thought
of his mother, who is very nervous and troubled with heart disease, and fearing
that the telegraphic report of bis being wounded might be fatal to her. he de
termined to say nothing of it and rejoined the tiring line. After th* firing had
: be secretly dressed his wound, kept on duty until May 4. when he was
again In his place at the battle nf San Tomas. where his foot was badly
sprained and BWOllen. He went with us. however, to San Fernando, from which
place he was sent to the hospital at Manila, where his wound was first discovered.
He is at present back again and doing his duty with the company. Respectfullj
yours, . EDMUND BOLTWOOD.
Captain, Company X, Twentieth Kansas, U. S. V."
NARROW ESCAPES
OF THE PALMYRA
FROM SHIPWRECK
Nearly Went Down in
a Hurricane.
Thf officers and men of tho American
hnrk Palmyra are rot likely to forget the
voyage from Australia, just ended, in a
hurry. During the first portion of the run
the vessel nearly went down in a hurri
cane, and during the latter portion she
came within a short distance of going
ashore near Point Reyes and again at
Point Bonlta.
During the Point Bonita incident the
1 r w pot b terrible scare, and going aft in
dy demanded that Becond Mate
Wagner be given cimmand of the ship
r, seeing that the Palmyra was
rushing to destruction with all sail set.
attempted to take command, and was
knocked down by Captain Keller.
Just at this moment Pilot Boyd board- ,
ed the bark and by ordering everything
aback Bayed the situation. Gradually
the land breeze filled the sails and the
Palmyra was backed far enough from the
dangerous Muff to make it practicable to
go about. Had the pilot been fifteen mln
■ . 'virk and her cargo would
have been a total loss.
The Palmyra made the run from New
castle. N. s. \\\. to San Francisco in the
..nty-nne days. Had «he
not been well found and a stout ship In
every respect she could never have wltn
stood the hurricane she. ran into soon
after leaving Australia. The sails were
blown into ribbons, the bulwarks carried
away her forefoot was washed off aud
she took a heavy list to port. After the
storm some of the damage was repaired
and the cargo straightened up and all
went well until the bark was a few days
from Han Francisco. Then Captain Keller
began to act queeriy, and while he ap
peared to know in which direction San
Francisco lay. he persisted in taking an
opposite course. The- men wanted Chief
Officer James Nash to take command ot
th< vessel, but he refused, saying the "old
man" would take them through the
Golden Gate all right. Shortly after this
the man on th--> look-out heard the roar
Of breakers ahead and a few minutes later
one of the crew saw a light on the port
bow It was the Point Keyes light ami
the Palmyra was going eight knots an
hour toward the beach. After, a great
deal ot hard work the crew, laboring as
they had never labored in their lives be
fore, the Palmyra was got about and tne
danger warn averted.
Getting down to the bar. f'aptain Keller
put the ship on a north-northwest course
and was heading with all sail set for the
bight in which the I.ancing nearly went
ashore a few months ago. Hie crew
gathered In the waist of the ship ana
b.-gan to discuss the situation, rrom ens
on they went to grumbling, and from
grumbling "to shouts of "You're running
us on the rocks." Then they turned to the
second mate and said:
••For Ood'a Bake, Mr, Wagner, take
charge of the ship."
The second mate started in to do so and
was knocked down by the captain. I h<>n,
just as a general fracas was imminent,
the pilot got aboard and set everybody
at work putting the eails aback.
As soon as th>' Palmyra dropped anchor
and the sails were furled every member
of the crew, with the exception of the
first mate cook, cabin boy and carpenter,
left the snip in a body.
UNIDENTIFIED SUICIDE.
Plentiful Dose of Morphine Baffles
Physician's Labors.
An unknown man about 30 years of r\go
was brought into the Receiving Hospital
at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon in the
throes of morphine poisoning. He was
found in an underground beer saloon near
tin northwest corner of Geary and
Kearny streets after having taken the
poison and was soon carried off to the
hospital.
Dr. McGettigan administered antidotes,
but scv. rer treatment was found neces
sary, and upon the arrival of Dr. Dray
artificial respiration was attempted. The
physicians and assistants worked over ihe
body for four hours, but their efforts
proved futile. A dram-sized bottle of
morphine was found In the suicide's
clothes, twenty grains of which had been
used.
The suicide was a man of mi-diiim
5-tature. light hair and had a dark red
mustache. His clothes were of good tex
ture, though show. lit; signs of wear. His
suit was of dark material and the coat
cut in the sack stile. Me wore a dark
blue flannel overshirt and a soft hat.
The body was taken to the Morgus,
where It will remain for identification.
A VISIT OF COURTESY.
Ohio Society of California Calls on
Major Strong at the Palace.
About fifty members of the Ohio Society
of California paid a visit of courtesy to
Major W. L. Strong, Ex-Mayor of New
York, at the Palace Hotel last evening.
Major Strong received them In the parlors
of the hotel and listened with pleasure
and appreciation to the compliments that
were paid him in the clever speeches de
livered by Colonel J. P. Jackson, J. Mnl
com Gleaves, W. H. Jordan and others.
When these speakers had concluded
Major Strong delivered a neat and witty
response, after which all formality was
dispensed with and a general conversa
tion commenced and continued until what
had proven to be a very pleasant evening
had been brought to a close.
Major Strong Is a native of the Buckeye
State and was formerly president of the
Ohio Society of New YorK, and while oc
cupying that office made the acquaintance
of many of those who visited him last
night to pay their, respects and renew old
recollections. |
« ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
BEER'S DEATH
SHROUDED IN
DEEP MYSTERY
Was Found Uncon
scious in the Cellar.
Bernard Beer, a well knnwn rlowntown
commission merchant, was found in the
cellar of his at the southeast conn r
Of Sansome and Washington Btreeta
Thursday morninp in an unconscious con
dition. Hp was immediately removed to
his home, 1750 Ellis street, where he died
yesterday morning:.
!■•••■ ' c bu ld( :: md unexpected death was
a tojiic for s> o< ra! discussion in commis
sion lin Us yesterday. When Beer's pros
trate form was lifted into a private am
buiance Thursday morning to he driven
to his home the crowd of commission mer
chants and others who labor in neighb >r
iiiK stores, who had collected on the side
walk, were informed by the employes of
the unconscious man thai he had" acci
dentally fallen down a freight shaft ilut
led into the cellar.
It now develops that his death was
probably caused by asphyxiation,
The relatives of the fi (;i <i man have dis
play, d an unusual desire to hush thr mat
ter. When Beer's body was discovered by
one of his employes it. was lying face
downward in the cellar and the gasjeta
w. ri turned full on. The cellar was full
Of gas. but nevertheless the employes and
the relatives of the deceased insisted that
he whs injured by falling through the
open freight shaft.
Coroner Hill was notified of the death
early yesterday morning,, and he visited
the house to make an investigation. As a
resuU of iiis Investigations the Coroner
became convinced that Beer was acci
dentally asphyxiated.
According to the story told Coroner mil
it was Beer's custom to take , t nap in the
collar of his store every morning after
the early rush was over. On Thursday
morning he went down into the cellar
about •. o'clock "» take his usual nap.
The gas jet was burning low and was ac
cidentally blown out by a gust of wind or
smothered by water In the supply pipe.
After lV was removed to his home his
wife state.-; that he regained consclousne«r
and Informed her that he had no Intention
Of committine; suicide.
Whet bet the deceased had any s-rious
matrimonial or business troubles is not
known. Inquiry at his late residence dfi
veloped nothing that explains the str-in^e
circumstance surrounding Beer's death.
The relatives absolutely refused to x!v<
out any Information concerning the mat
ter.
Coroner Hill did not remove the body to
the Morgue. The autopsy will be held to
day.
The deceased was a native of Austria
! A ijA^^-'^^^m, DR " MCLAUGHLIN'S
I W^^^^'^^B^Br ELECTRIC BELT! f
_M^¥^k '" /?\\^ • •♦♦♦♦'♦ M-4-M^^M-^>>^^>-M-M-M^-H-^»M ♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦• 4*
ilJr mo more PAINS ' I
• imS ""NO MORE WEAKNESS!
* \^^H NEW LIFE FOR MEN AND WOMEN' £
ffr A^fbl-J^l^BSl X HAVE Proven my theory, which was that no pain nor debility could exist where the body was full of electricity. Electricity is the source w
4s* Wv^^^^^^^*^J_! of all animal vitality; all the vigor and health of manhood and womanhood come from it. *f*
ft* -IsHPMia I T have spent twent y y ears of m life in search of the best means of applying this wonderful agent, and have perfected my appliance so •£,
+ 1 that now it is simply perfect. jTj
*|# J&Sf I^^V 1 I know every pain, every sensation, every feeling of weakness that man is subject to, and have learned how to apply electricity so as to *•
fU l^^aV I overcome all difficulty and bring about a state of perfect health and strength. Men who have been exposed to severe weather, to hard work— mentally ffr
_t_ lU^?»A I and physically— to overtaxing of vital forces in one way and. another, are quickly and permanently cured by my method.
MV AY V Some men have Peculiar evidences of decline, breaking down of the vital structure, which never yields to medicines. These symptoms in- .
ffr §' 1 ; I dicate a waste of vital force. My way of applying electricity restores all this energy. Read this proof: W
££. m /3?| t| DR. McLAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: I herewith ive you a statement of what your Belt ha» done for me. At the time I began the use of It I was ah«>m completely *J*
**• B /Si 1 knocked out with a bad case of La Grippe, as well as Lumbago and Rheumatism. In side of four days' use of the Belt the lumbago and rheumatism were completely re- f
* ft, / 1 I moved, and after two weeks every sign^f the other troubles disappeared. To me It has been the cheapest investment :l ha%ee^er made and It wllbe a pleasure to state "J?
Si J 811 ' I what haS d ° ne fOr me " Yours n ' tru 'y- PATRICK T. DERBI. 36 Federal St.. San Francisco.
* ll' / 1 II SEND FOR MY 800K t AND STUDY MY METHOD. T
0 1} 11 %V I My method is different from all others. The appliance I use is in the form of a Belt to be worn about the waist, but it has no re- V
V i) I ' V I lation in any respect to the old-style electric belts. It is a scientific appliance, giving a powerful current of electricity, having a perfect reg- V
0 # 1 ' C V II ulator to control it, and chamois covered electrodes, which prevent that awful burning and blistering known in the old-style belts. Q
; V # \ V\V ....... The wonderful effects are derived from a special method of application— is, my method, known only to myself . It is by this
1 \^_ IV. ,^^_^ : method that I have cured ten thousand men in the past five years. T
Q ■ "^ii—^ V- Are you sick, weak or in pain from any cause? Come and let me explain it to you. I can save you years of misery and a lot of V
A " * »«»w-g^ money in doctor bills. If you cannot call write for my free book, describing my system of cure. IT IS FREE. ' Q
I^O M A M^>[ AIT.PHI lIVT 702 Market St,, cop. Kearny, San Francisco, and 8 ! am . to^p^^suSlvs. nto i. 9
9 UK« iVI« /V« lTlwl-i/\UvJllJL_ll^l •; v cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeks. never sold i r drug stores. jl
. ' AD VEB.TISEME TS.
I Piles I
I ill *9 I
■fr You are costive, and nature is under a constant strain to relieve the condition. This causes a rush of blood V
* to the rectum, and before long congested lumps appear, itching, painful, bleeding. Then you have piles. There X
]? are many kinds and many cures, but piles are not curable unless you assist nature in removing the cause. &
% CASCARETS make effort easy, regulate and soften the stools, relieving the tension, and giving nature a chance $
eg. to use her healing power. Piles, hemorrhoids, fistula, and other rectal troubles yield to the treatment; and j>
♦ Cascarets quickly and surely remove them forever. Don't be persuaded to experiment with anything else 1 g
*5 4*o&3P^^ J-of- »«i snffbrcd tho tortar«» of the v .
A __)mSl^^ _<HJCTWu_ t '"* of damned with protruding piles brought on not I "Sr
V __ERj_Hr •_JBymi«k. •' ty constipation withwhicbl was affilcted for __■ _&,
A JBeSSBT • _Bo^Hm TBggak 7to twenty years. I ran across your CASCA- aP 7 .. V
JSSSm mIHPBSHm MtSHk 'he ilfclTS In the town ot Neweil. la., and dov _«L
&k ' £s&£ff OP^T' BmSaß neverfonnfl anything to equal them. To-day «y
MmSM SiSr 9? MSSm J acl entirely free Xrom plle3 and feel Uko a ™ ■ £±
mE^SSS^mmm HP^tStmmW *x 1411 «IOHCS Ou> « OIOUX \jliy, IB) prai M^m\ C^^M
mWttBBO^U -^^TPifc \mmr^ or* 'W' OX Q BD*S jL' ** *^ X SU I w I 6 11 VCU^J^H
* ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. S
% THE TABLET W^JjiTh^mwmmßr^^ DRUGGISTS &
a 1 1 IJLu 1 MlLJl^JLli 1 i *<mimKmwmmmWmlmßßi!l m > imm '
9 CASCARBTS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. No mercurial or other mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Casearets promptly, effectively and permanently V
& cure every disorder ot the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels , including diarrhoea and dyi V
JL Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine ! Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARBTO A
V to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLIHG EBMBDY COMPART, CHICAGO or HEW *- i
■& -"• '■'^■""" ■' "•*" t»
and was 41 years of age. He was a prom
inent member of the Legion of Honor,
B'nai B'rith Society anri the i idd Fellow?.
MISSION IMPROVEMENTS.
Federation of Clubs Will Try to Have
a Plank Inserted in Convention
Platforms.
A well-attended meeting of th<» Frrier
ation of Mission Improvement Clubs was
he Id at Graham's Hall on Alabama street
last night. President Chris Strader occu
pied the chair and Secretary Joseph P.
Tuohey was at his station. The action
of the Mayor in circumventing the Mar- !
ket Street Railroad Company in its at
tempt to remove the iron posts from the
Mis.-inn district and substitute wooden
ones in their stead was Indorsed.
The federation adopted a resolution
which recommended the insertion of a
plank in both the Republican and Demo
cratic party conventions for the better- j
ment ot ;:.• Mission district. Among sug
>rf«tionp was on> advanced by John T.
Graham, a property owner of the Precita
Valley ainl a member of the improvement
club of that section, to the effect that all ;
streets running south from Twenty-sixth,
between Valencia and Kentucky, be »on- I
tinued and tilled in to Army street, and I
thai the sewers be continued thereon,
which will, whea complete, lead into the '
main Army street sewer. In speaking on '
the necessity of this improvement. Gra
ham >r;u ■<■ a description of the necessity
that exists for this line of improvement.
The place is a continuous swamp and as
such is the receptacle for all manner of
offensive refuse from the Columbia
Bchool building, the City and County
Hospital hpil also the private dwellings
in the neighborhood.
\ Dolores-streel boulevard leading to
the Golden Gate I'ark and other improve
ments w^re added to the recomnn nda
tions. To have these embodied in the
platforms, a committee consisting of three
belonging to each of the political parties I
mentioned was appointed, as follows:
For the Republican party. President Chris i
Strader, Gus Bchnee and John T. Gra
ham; Democratic party, Behrend Joost,
D. J. White and Secretary Joseph P.'
Tuohey.
An attempt was made by some of the
delegates to have their favorites Indorsed
for political positions before the various \
conventions, DUt this was voted down as
being not within the province of the club.
As a substitute it was Anally decided that
the committee already appointed, with !
the executive committee of the federation, j
recommend six Republicans and an equal
number of Democrat.* for the otfli «■ of
Supervisor, with the proviso that these
men should be In sympathy with tiie Mis
sion p.ople in obtaining the improvements !
sought. I
INTERRED WITH
MILITARY AND
CIVIC HONORS
Services Over Body of
H. F. Emeric.
All thai was mortal of the late Henry
F. Emeric was borne to its last resting
place yesterday afternoon by a large mili
tary escort and the sorrowing friends of
the deceased clubman and all-around
good fellow. The funeral cortege passed
through the principal Btreeta of the city
on its way to the burial ground and was
viewed by thousands who lined the route.
Cassasa's band led the way. playing a
dirge, followed by Troop A. N. G. C, in
command of Captain Burnetts; a hat
talion of the Naval Reserve, in command
of Captain Turner; a company of the Sig
nal Corps, dismounted, and Company A,
N <;. C, of Oakland, in command of Cap
tain Poulter.
The pallbearers were Colonels T. P.
ci.iff and D. BS. Miles, representing the
Division Staff; W. J. Golcher and H. B.
Eiosmer, representing tne Elks: Rudolph
Herold, William Murdock, Frank H.
Gould and W. H. Alfonl. Intimate frlenda
of the deceased. General Dickinson and
his staff, composed of Colonels Murphy,
Dwyer, Stanley, Barrere, Dohrmann and
Mills. Majors Fitzgerald and Schmidt
and Sergeant Majors Graff and Godschalk
were also present.
The funeral services were held under
the auspices of San Francisco Lodge No.
o. Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks, in their commodious hall in the
Central Block. The ceremonies were of
the most solemn character and were wit
nessed by a largi gathering of friends of
the deceased. Chopin's funeral march
was beautifully rendered and solos were
then sung by Mrs. Tlllie Morrisey and
Mrs. \Y. \\\* Rroggs. The Press dut)
quartet also rendered soulful melodies.
Seymour Manning, exalted ruler Of the
Elks, delivered the oration over the body
of bis friend and fellow member. His
t riliu t ■ to the deceased was a touching
one and brought tears to th" eyes of
many. He extolled his good realities as
n citizen and a man and dwelt on the
energy he had displayed while in public
office. Rev John A. B. Wilson of the
Howard M. E. Church followed and read
the burial service. The hpdy was then
escorted to Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where
the remains were cremated.
DREXLER FUNERAL.
The funeral of I^ouis P. Drexler, one of
the best known men on the Pacific Coast,
was held yesterday afternoon from his
late residence, ICO3 Va ;i Ness avenue. It
was largely attended by the friends and
acquaintances of the deceased and was of
the most solemn character. Magnificent
floral offprint*-" were pent by many as
marks of the esteem In which Mr. Drexler
was held while he lived, and tokens of
respect for himself and bereaved family.
A pall of maiden-hair ferns completely
covered the casket find on either side
were lilies in profusion. Rev. Dr. Mac
kenzie, who was a close friend of the
deceased, read the burial service. The
Masonic qua'-tet sang "(iood Nirht, I Am
Going Home," and "Lead, Kindly Light."
The pallbearers were James (i. Phelan,
Charles Holhrook, I. Steir.hart. Simon
Marks. F. J. Carolan, G, W. Alexander,
John McMullen and G. w. Beaver. The
funeral procession proceeded to Third and
Townsend and was thence taken to Cy
press Lawn, where the interment took
pl«C( .
On the return the funeral party to the
residence of the late Mr. Drexler. his will
\v;is opened in the presence "f ihe family
by the attorney of the deceased. Almost
everything was left to the widow and
numerous charitable bequests were made.
DEATH OF J. O. SHORT
The remains of J. Owen Short, a trusted
and valued employe of the Market Street
Railway . System, who succumbed at the
Southern Pacific Hospital from a shock
resulting from a serious operation. .'were
shipped to Coos Bay yesterday on the
steamer Arcata, where, the funeral will be
held to-day.
Deceased was 37 years of age and a
member of Empire Lodge of the Odd Fel
lows, at Empire City. lie leaves a wid
owed mother, two sisters and three broth
ers In Oregon, and a brother who is now
with his regiment in Manila.
A Hall for Holly Park.
The foundation stone for a public hall
fur the Holly Park Improvement Club
will !><-■ lai.i this forenoon by the members
of the cli:i>. The Bite selected for the new
edifice Is on the corner of Crescent and
Bouth avenues.
It Is the intention of the chin members
to have the hnll finished in the course of
four weeks from the date of its com
mencement. WltTi thr now hall an incen
tive fur general improvements in that
portion of the Mission will be provided.
■ ♦ ■
Dear Madam: "i'eganiui.l" says come;
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No. 61.
A NEW ESTABLISHMENT.
JAMES O'BRIEN, THE WELL
KNOWN MERCHANT, AGAIN
TO ENTER THE RE
TAIL FIELD.
A Large Building on Market Street
' Leased for the Conduct of a
First-Class Up-to-Date One
Price Store.
To the majority of San Francisco
business men who are familiar with
the energetic character and keen busi
ness ability of the man it will not be a
surprise to learn that Mr. James
i O'Brien has decided to take up once
more the responsibilities of a large
business enterprise.
The details of a lease were perfected
; to-day by Mr. O'Brien's attorneys for
! a large store building on Market street,
i near the Donohoe building.
The new firm will be known as J.
O'Brien and Company and will consist
! of James O'Brien and Maria A. O'Brien,
i his wife.
Connections have been made with
the best Eastern firms on the lines to
be carried, and all goods will be pur
chased direct from manufacturers, thus
i insuring the latest designs in all fab
rics, coupled with the smallest cost,
there being but one profit between the
manufacturer and the consumer.
The establishment will open as a
! first-class cloak and suit house, carry
ing a large and valuable stock of furs
and sealskins, together with black
goods from the leading American and
French factories, in latest styles and
novelties.. - > '•"■'•- -. '.
Numerous other departments will be
addded. Following the honorable plan
which has characterized the conduct
.of Mr. O'Brien's business In the past,
this new venture will be strictly one
price and first class.
A sufficient and competent staff of
clerks will be at hand to give the pub
lic ready and intelligent service. Mr.
O'Brien's wide acquaintance with the
business public in San Francisco for a
quarter of a century and his great
popularity with the home buyers ara
sure to bring him success.
1 ♦ ■
Excerpt from a letter written by a pri
vate soldier at Manila: "It is beastly hot
here, but slaying is excellent"— Life.
910
BLOWS DEALT BY McCONNELL KILLED FRANEY
The Coroner's Jury
Blames the Fighter.
SHOCK FROM BEATING FATAL
DEPRECATES GRANTING OF LI
CENSES TOR CONTESTS.
The Verdict Also Protests Against
Loaning Officers for Protection of
Such Exhibitions in
the Future.
We find that the said James Fra
noy, aged 27, nativity Ireland, occu
pation pugilist, residence 210 Clara
street, in this city and county, came
to his death at the City Receiving
Hospital on the 17th of August,
1899, from shock following injury,
find we do further find that the in
juries from which death resulted
were inflicted by Frank McConnell
in a prize-fight conducted under the
auspices of the National Athletic
Association.
This jury also strongly deprecates
the granting of licenses by the Board
of Supervisors for such contests con
ducted for pecuniary profit.
We also protest against loaning
police officers to the protection of
prize-fights, the evidence in this case
showing that thirty out of the thirty
five patrolmen in the Mission district
were required at the fight at which
this man was killed, thus leaving the
entire Mission district perfectly un
protected for five hours.
Rolla V. Watt (foreman). Daniel
Meyer. Leon BJum, B. J. Smith, Wil
liam Cronan, Joseph Wertheimer, C.
V. S. Qibbs.
Aft^r taking testimony for four hours
end fielil c rat Ing for half an hour longer
the Coroner's Jury yesterday In the in
quest into the cause of the death of
Prize-fighter Franey returned the forego
-1::p: verdict and Coroner Hill approved It
with Rigr.s of gratification.
There was a host of witnesses, but they
nil told the same story. It was that after
Franey had been knocked down in the
fourteenth round lie sprang to his foet
and nut up his hands in fighting 1 attitude
within two seconds. Then as Franey made
a rush at McConnell the latter caught him
■ 'i-i the jaw with a half-arm jolt and
knocked him against the ropes. Franey
looked over' to the umpire questioningly
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HU
MORS
Itching Burning
and Chafing
Soothed by
fifties
Because of its delicate emollient
properties it is the most sooth-
ing, cooling and purifying appli-
cation for golf rash, heat rash,
tan, sunburn, freckles, bites
and stings of insects, irrita-
tions, chafings, inflammation,
undue perspiration, and many
sanative uses, as well as the
purest and sweetest of toilet,
bath, and nursery soaps.
FORSOHEHMMSS^SSJSSffi
Soap, anoint freely with Cutiuuka Ointment,
and wear o!d shoves wltli holes in palms and
Hnfcer tips cut off. FOX PALLING HAIR.
Warm shampoos with <,'otk.'(Jua Soap and
light drew . with Cuticuha will cleanse
the hair and scalp of crusts and scales, allay
ltx-iiiiit:, and make the hair grow.
Hold throuehout the -world. Price, CcnctTßA
, Poap, 25c., Cut tcDRA Ointment, 50c. Potter
DBt:« ami Chi: • Cobp., Sole Prop*., Boston.
" How to Cn lJ mmtr Hnmtin " fr,.«>. •
ooocoooooooooooooo
o T r.F PALACE **?%
% GRAND hotels o
o SAN FRANCISCO. °
** Connected by a covered passageway. ®
° 1 4 00 Rooms— 9OOwih Bath Attached. &
O All Under One MmuiCMnent. ©
O NOTE THE PEICEB: Qj
O European Plan. per day and upward ft
American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward 2.
w Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. SIRKPATRICK, Xuagir. O
QOQOOOOOQOQQOOOOOQ
f e hnyroVal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V _<^T . Original •ml Only 6ea«lo«. ▲
i"//»rA safe. a!w»Ti reli»blo. UDntut A
&■ V (ft AMI I>rn,igist for CMc heater t BnijluJi f>,a-JK\.
• t/*iiSPQ^^\mondSraiuila lied tad <-«i niet»]iic\ViW
V>\!_^B?9>>oiei, soiled with bias ribbou. Take V^
7*l **, **> n " other. R'fumr <ians;rr<n.§ mli.'itu- v
I' l — tion * and '"•«•«« iv. At Drngßiita, or ml 4«.
I (— JO Id I'.ampt f»r pirtleular«, teatlmoatiU tni
I«• 15 " K«llof Tor Ladle*, " in letter, tr rrtara
«A ffr Mtiii. 10.000 Tmitlmaßiala. Knar Paper.
**•—<- rChl-h i-*tor CSeialcal Co.,Mjtdlftoa m, «»r%
M*? »i\ I*c»; UrocsUM. I'l ll h A "A.. I'Jp^
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1. a cJreat Kestorativ;. Invlgorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys arid Bladder. Sells on ltn own Merits.
NADER. ALFS & BHUNE. Agents.
t2J Market Etreet. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Some of the Witnesses at the Franey Inquest.
as though he were about to claim a foul
and then he aimed a blow at McConnell.
but was countered on the face and fell
stiffly to the floor, striking upon his fore
head.
All the important witnesses were closely
cross-examined by Juror Watt. Mr. Watt
smiled cynically at the answers given by
some and dropped the witnesses without
ceremonj.
Frank McConnell, the victor, described
the fight as it appeared to him. He was
working at his trade as a shipwright, he
said, until two months ago, when he
knocked off work to train for the event
which proved so calamitous for poor Fra
ney. This was the witness' eleventh
fight. Franey fought furiously in all the
rounds and up to the time he received the
knock-out blow.
J. .1. Groom, manager of the National
Athletic Club, testified that the floor was
padded and the posts protected with hair
pillows so that the lighters might not
hurt themselves by falling. When asked
as to the personnel of the club he hesi
tated and gave the namos of the six di
rectors who constitute the club as fol
lows: Henry Smith. J. J. Groom, J. M.
Shannon, J. D. Gibbß. Harry Piper and
J. P. Groom, brother of the witness.
Police Sergeant C. F. Klank, in reply
to a question by Juror Watt, ?ald that
thirty police officers, all from the Mission
district, hud been detailed to attend the
light and keep order.
"Do you take the patrolmen off their
regular beats?" asked Mr. Watt.
"Yes."
"And so that portion of the city is left
unprotected while the fight goes on?"
The witness made no reply. He said
the officers did not like the detail because
their duties were very disagreeable. Of
ficer C. 11. Taylor, the next witness, dwelt
upon this feature of the work. People
objected to being pushed about by the
officers in their efforts to keep the aisles
clear and preserve order, one man say
ing that he was a reporter, another that
he was a doctor, another a lawyer, an
other a Judge, and so on. There were
thirty-five patrolmen in tho Mission dis
trict'and thirty of these were on duty at
the fight.
"Professor" Billy Jordan, Danny Need
ham. Cocker Tweedie, Ref< r< i Hiram
Cook and the seconds and trainers were
examined, but thHr stori< s did not vary
essentially. Both men were In the pink
of condition. M'-Connell said that he re
ceived 65 per cent of 50 tier cent of the
gate receipts and Franey's representa
tives received the remaining 35 per cent
of the 50 per cent.
Dr. Zabala told the jury what he had
found at the autopsy. All the organs
were in good condition except that there
were pleuritic adhesions which probably
would not have been discovered on a su
perflcial examination.
Dr. D. D. Jyustig, who made an examin
ation of the men before the fight, insisted
that there was nothing the matter with
Franey and that he was in perfect condi
tion.
Herbert Choynskl and Arthur Mack at
tended the Inquest as counsel for the di
rs of the club and Mc< tonnell.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water riirerf from the ocean.
SEEKS AFRICAN KINGSHIP.
A San Francisco Negro Lays Claim
to a Throne in Portuguese
West Africa.
Jame? Jnckp^n of 16 Scott place thinks
he is the rightful King of the district of
Kabinda. in the State of Congo, West
Africa, and has petitioned the King of
Portugal to place him on the throne. The
following is King Jackson's petition:
HAN' FRANCISCO, Cal., U. S. A.,
Aupust 15, 1599.
To His Royal Majesty. Don Carlos »I, King
r.r Portugal— Your petitioner, James Jackson of
16 Scott place, Ban Francisco, Cal., U. S. A.,
respectfully represents:
That he Is a native of the District of
Kabtnda, In the State of Congo, West Afrlra.
of the ace of 40 years; that he is thf nnly
pon of th«» late Kins: Jackson of Kabinda,
West Afrioa, and as such is entitled to succeed
to the throne of Kabinda.
That your petitioner left home at the ace
of 15 years on a hrlßantine, an English vessel,
plying between Liverpool, England, and Lagos,
South Africa, and owned by Welsh Bros, of
Manchester, England— Wilson, captain, and
later succeeded by one Russel.
That your petitioner arrived in Pan Francisco
about liftmen years a«o, and has lived here
continuously ever since.
That King Jackson is now dead, and your
petitioner Is entitled to relKn in his stead, and
respectfully asks the Intervention of your royal
Majesty's Government to thr- end that lie may
be restored to Ills lawful richts and forthwith
Installed as King of Kahinda, holding Kuch
office under the protection and sovereignty of
the Portuguese Government.
That your petitioner is well informed of and
In all respects Mualifled to perform the hlnh
duties and functions Incident to the crown
of Kabinda. Respectfully submitted,
his
JAMES IX) JACKSON,
mark.
(OOKS
IN
THREE
jiiNUTES
i j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
MAY HAVE ONE
MORE LINE OF
OCEAN STEAMERS
Orient Not Beyond the
Santa Fe.
PRESIDENT RIPLEY HERE
CAME TO INSPECT THE VALLEY
ROAD PROPERTY.
The Head of a Great Railroad System
Discusses Matters of Vital In
terest to the People of
This State.
A distinguished party of Santa Fr of
ficials arrived in the city yesterday from
Los Angeles after making a tour of in
spection over the Valley road. It consists
of President E. P. Ripley, A. F. Walker,
chairman of the board of directors, who
arrived in this city some days ago from
a pleasure trip to Honolulu and went
down the road as far as Bakersneld to
meet President Ripley and accompany him
back; J. M. Earr, third vice president; \V.
(j. Hodges, purchasing agent; John Play
er of Topeka, superintendent of machin
ery; W. G. Ne'vtn, general manager of the
Santa Fe Pacific and Southern California
Ruilruad, and Ford Harvey of Kiins.i-
Ciiy. Captain I'ayson, vice president of
the Valley road; W. A. Bissell, assistant
traffic manager of the Santa Fe, and W.
B. Storey, general superintendent and
chief engineer of the valley road, went
(inwn the line to meet their noted guests
and returned with them to this city.
When Keen yesterday in the "fliers of
the Valley road President Ripley said that
the general purpose of his visit to the
coast was to go over the property which
his road had acquired when it absorbed
the Valley road property and see for him
self the general .state in which the new
investment was to be found. Not only
was this iiis object in coming here, but
li. wished t" acquaint himself by personal
Inspection with everything connected with
the Santa Fe as well.
In regard to the nften mooted proposi
tion that the Valley road acquire a ter
minal point in Oakland, Mr. Ripley said
that it was altogether too early to discuss
that matter now. All the energy of the
Santa Fe people is, for the present, direct
ed toward the completion of the plans of
the Valley road branch ;is far a.s they are
now laid out, and seeing that that road
gets into San Francisco by the Ist of next
January. What may happen after that,
he said, he did not know, but a.s yet no
steps had been taken toward anything
that might be construed into an attempt
to Becure an Oakland terminal.
Mr. Ripley had practically the same an
swers for questions pertaining to the pro
posed branch lines of the Valley road to
ward Sacramento and to tap the fruit
raising country In the vicinity of Winters.
It was altogether too early in the game
for any definite plans in these directions
to have been formed, though what time
might bring forth he was not prepared to
say The Santa Fe system was out for
business, he said, and would certainly go
wherever it was to be found. Even if it
should be made apparent that another line
of trans-Pacific steamers would be a pay
ing investment the Orient would not be
considered too far for the Santa Fe peo
ple to stretch from this port.
The freight line that the Santa Fe al
ready owns, and which runs from San
Diego to China and Japan, has proved a
veritable mine, and it is not improbable
that the success that has attended this
venture may tempt its owners to compete
with the Pacific Mail for the freight and
passenger business out of San Francisco,
particularly since the acquisition of the
Philippines by the United States has
opened up such a new and extensive fleid
of commercial research.
The line to the Grand Canyon is being
pushed with the utmost vigor, and though
the work on it is not being done by the
Santa Fe people, yet they have entered
into agreements with its owners which
promise them a very fair slice of the busi
ness it is expected to do.
Mr. Ripley will probably visit Point
Richmond to-morrow and inspect the
work that has boen accomplished there,
particularly that on the big Franklin tun
jiel. He will then return to the city, and
after a day or two devoted to general
matters he will return to his home in the
East.
THE WOMAN IN BLACK.
Mrs. Ray Mills Is Held to Answer on
a Charge of Burglary.
Mrs. Ray Mills, "the woman in black,"
who is charged with systematically steal-
Ing from rooms in hotels to satisfy her
craving for morphine, had her prelim
inary examination before Judge. Graham
yesterday on the charge of burglary for
breaking into the room of Mrs. C. M.
Uorham In the Hotel Stewart August 8
and stealing a purse.
The witnesses examined for the prose
cution were Mr. and Mrs. <Jorham." Mrs.
Stewart; Miss Isabel Donnegan, steward
ess at the hotel; Charles A. Stewart and
Policeman Joy. Mrs. Gorham descrihfd
the coins in her purse, which was lound
on the defendant when searched, and
Btewart testified to finding the defendant
in the reading room and keeping her there
till Policeman Joy arrived. Miss Donne
gan, the stewardess, testified that she
thoroughly cleaned out the reading room
two days before the burglary, inducing
the fireplace, and no keys were in the
fireplace then. Six skeleton keys were
found in the fireplace after the defend
ant's arrest.
Policeman Joy, who arrested the de
fendant, testified that on the way to the
City Prison she offered him $10 to let her
go and increased the offer to $20 before
they reached the prison.
Reel B. Terry, who appeared for the de
fendant, did not offer any evidence and
the Judge held her to answer before the
Superior Court, fixing her bonds in $2000
There Is another charge of burglary
against her yet to be heard for breaking
Into the room of Mrs. A. M. Buisley, Ho
tel Bertling, and stealing a quantity of
jewelry.
Twc-Headed Calf.
Two important additions have been
made to the zoological collection at
Glen Park — a double-headed calf and a
big baboon, one of the largest of its
kind in the country. In the free
theater at Glen Park to-morrow the bill
will consist of the following artists:
Antonio Van Gofre, the European
equilibrist; Waldo and Elliott on the
double flying trapeze: Miss Ada
Sweeney in popular ballads; Hugh Ro
maine, the celebrated tenor; Edward
Olcott, the clown contortionist and
acrobat, and Little Rosie Bennet, the
child wonder.
Foresight.
"Doctor, I want my bill before I'm
perfectly well."
"Any special reason?"
"Yes. You know how it hurts to pay
for a pair of shoes after you've worn
them out." — Chicago Record.
Alteration Sale
The reputation, of never disappointing the
public has been particularly valuable upon this
occasion, for never in the history of San
Francisco has any similar sale been such a
success as this one.
During the coming week we shall give just
as great bargains in every department as we
have in the past four days; therefore, it will
pay those who have not supplied their wants
to come and see what bargains are being offered,
Ladies' Kid Gloves
odd sizes and colors
Made by Maggioni and Trefousse in glace r
and suede, button or mousquetaire; fitted if
desired and guarnteed; former prices $1.50,
$2 and $2.25, now on sale at
7c
/i/Ca pair
Dress Silks
Checks, stripes, plaids and brocades, all good
shades and desirable patterns; worth $ 1.25,
■ $1.50 and $1.75, now on sale at
7c
• M \J C a yard
Ladies' combination suits, cot- . Chiffon and net robes for
ton and wool mixed, all sizes in street and evening wear, reduced
black, natural and white, a bar- from $45 to $22.50; from $35
gain at to $19.50; from $25 to
$1.50 a suit $14.50
Ladies' black lisle ribbed hose , ,
with double heels and. toes in Ladies alpaca skirts in colors
white, worth 40c, for . and black, reduced from $ 3 .75
•25c a pair ■ °* 3 ° $1.50 each •
Hungarian cloth in many dif- B
ferent designs and colors; 32 Baby's caps in lawns and silk,
and 36 inch, formerly sold for we |i made of good 'material;
i2i and 15c, now on sale at during the sale reduced to
9c a yard half-price
135 -to 1 3 1 Kearny St.
: f^
I Don't hurt a bit! 1
I Try it! 1
Jj Electricity.
|^S EVENINGS until -9. Sundays . ' 5?
1 S.i da s ste t of Teeth. "VAN VROOM" IE
~lji painless extractions ' » ■ ■"•■*■ * . ■ T Ay/ > -' . *• ,'g^~
fc sl free .:.... . .....84 OO up ___. i'"i .'■:*-«"■'■'• . —.. — , _ . « - 1 --.-is*"
H5 Gold crowns. 22-k..... aso up 997 Market St., Corner Sixth. 5"
-55 ; Teeth without : Plates O ur GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. Sr
55 Teeth Without Plates Our GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. S^
Specialty.- We give gas. | .-> ■ - . . .-. '. .-:■:■; j j - J^^
ROWDIES ON THE
FERRY STEAMERS
TO BE ARRESTED
Warrants for Forty of
Them.
MAIL STEAMERS REACH PORT
PERTJ FROM CENTRAL AMERICA
WAS QUARANTINED.
Dr. Kinyoun Refused to Allow Officer
Cohn Aboard — Manuel Lopez
Stood Up and Robbed by
Footpads.
The harbor police .ire trying hard tn
break up a pang- of hoodlums that if> en
dangering- life and property on the ferry
steamers. The gang is composed of about
fifty or sixty young- men who work on
this side of the bay and whose homos
are in Oakland. Berkeley and Alameda.
They meet every night on the 6 o'clock
boat and as soon as they are aboard be
gin their devilment. Many of them work
in the foundries and their pockets are
always filled with nails and bolt heads.
These they throw into the crowd and
numbers of people are hurt every night.
Another favorite trick of theirs is to
throw ripe tomatoes among the people,
and rtill another is baiting the Chinese
passengers. Two or three times a week
they nut the line that keeps the passen
gers back while the apron is being low
ered and then rush ashore before the
steamer is tied up. Friday night they
knocked two little boys down in their
rush and the crowd following on behind
nearly trampled the lads to death before
they were rescued.
Warrants are out for all the ringleaders
and yesterday Tony Caster, an iron
worker, and Rob Williams, who works at
Shreve's, were arrested. They were
charged with disturbing the peace. Every
night for the next month two police of
ficers will travel on the 6 p. m. boat and
will arrest all the boys for whom war
rants are out and any others, who may be
caught in mischief.
The steamer Peru, from Panama, and
the Aztec, from the Orient, reached port
yesterday. The Peru was quarantined, as
one of the passengers had a mild case of
yellow fever. The ship was fumigated
and about 4 p. m. went to the Mail dock.
She was twenty-one days from Panama
and way ports and brought up twelve
steerage passengers and the following in
the cabin:
August Frahm, Mrs. B. M. Caral. Le
nora Ode Rivera, Adela Rivera, Frank
Gluyas, Charles A. Reno, W. P. McCo
mas, Otto Rhemolat, Jesus Escobar, Te
resa Rivera, Maximo Rivera. D. Alzeuta.
H. B. Turner, Mrs. M. E. Felton, B. M.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIGH
NOVELTY
BLACK FABRICS!
We beg to announce the opening
this week of our NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS GOODS for Fall, 1899, and
call special attention to our ELE-
GANT WINDOW DISPLAY of EX-
CLUSIVE FRENCH NOVELTY
DRESS PATTERNS.
We have also opened up an im-
mense stock of BLACK ENGLISH,
FRENCH and SCOTCH CHEVIOTS
and SERGES, from the best manu-
facturers, the prices of which are
50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 and
$1.75 per uard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Caral, Antonio Rivera. G. L. Wolfskin.
D. Erb. Allan T. Shadden.
United States Quarantine Officer Kin
youn and State Quarantine Officer Cohn
had a clnsh again over the Peru. 'When
Dr. Kinyoun found there was a case of
fever on the vessel he positively refused
to allow Dr. Cohn aboard. The latter
vowed he would quarantine the ship for
fourteen days, but she docked neverthe
less.
The Aztec is in under charter to the
Toyo Kisen Kaisha and brought over 5517
tons of cargo, ut no passengers.
The transport Siam sailed for Manila
with a load of mules and horses for the
Government. The trip will be made as
quickly as possible, as the Government
wants'her to take down another »oad be
fore her contract expires.
The transport City of Puebla will be
ready to sail for Manila this week. Cap
tain Thomas of the City of Topeka will
go out in command of her. Captain Olsen
of the Orizaba will take Captain Thomas'
place on the City of Topeka. Captain
Harry Goodall will resume command of
the State of California on her next trip.
There is some lively betting among the
pilots as to who will bring in the Sherman
with the California boys aboard. Captains
F. W. Jordan. Swanson, Murphy and Ty
son each thinks he will be he lucky man.
Their chances are about equal, as all
will be on the outside station. Captain
Jordan took the boys out on the City of
Peking and he says the job of bringing
them in is his by right. Alec Swanson
says that he will bring them in because
luck is his way this month. Murphy and
Tyson arc saying nothing, but each is
confident that he will pilot the boys in
through the Golden Gate.
Manuel Lopes of 405 Pacific street was
treated at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
early yesterday morning for some bruises
he received from two footpads while on
his way home. The robbers accosted him
at thp corner of Jackson street and Mont
gomery avenue and wanted to know the
time. As he took out his watch they
knocked him on the head and robbed him
while unconscious of $10. his go.d watch
and a photograph of his wife. Ixipez was
formerly engaged as a stenographer for
John Wanamakor and is going to Ma
nila to act in a similar capacity for the
Government. The police are on the trail
of the robbers.
The committee having in charge "the
night on 'Frisco Hay" is badly in need
of a lot of oil and trr barrels. The hulks
that are to make the burning ship dis
play have been procured, but oil and tar
barrels arc badly needed io make up a
good combustible cargo. Anybody who
will donate any of the articles required
will confer a great favor by telephoning
or writing to Chief Wharfinger Henderson
or Assistant Chief Wharfinger Dryden.
"A night on 'Frisco Bay" is going to Le
the biggest thing of its kind ever seen In
California.
ELIZABETH FLOYD'S WILL.
She Intentionally Disinherits Her
Son, Thomas L. Floyd.
The will of Mrs. Elizabeth Floyd, who
died on the 15th inst., leaving an estate
valued at $8000, was filpd for probate yes
terday. Prior to making bequests, Mrs.
Floyd says: "I direct that the pending
litigation to determine the validity of a
deed alleged to have boen made by me
conveying my real estate to my son,
Thomas L. Floyd, and his issue be* prose
cuted to a finality. I bequeath unto my
said son and his issue the sum of $1. share
i and share alike, but otherwise intention
ally exclude him and them from partici
! pation in my estate."
The bequests then follow, which are:
j To Mary Smith, a sister, her wearing ap
! parel, household furniture and JCW; to
John Prior, a brother, who resides at
Cherry Creek. New. $500; to James O.
I Holmes. $50; to Mau.d Phalalan of Cherry
Creek, $500; to the daughter of Henry
Phalalan. $500; to Daniel Fitzgerald. $100,
and to Mary Ann Rogers. $500. The resi
due of the estate goes to Mary Smith, de
cedent's sister.
Suicide of a Chinaman.
Woo Sen. a Chinese domestic srrv.-mt
in a house on California street, committed
suicide last Friday night by hanging him
self in the attic. He had been on ■ iprce
for several days and the reaction came In
the form of remorse and melancholia.
An Odd Fellow Injured
A few evenings sin<'r> \V. 1'". NorcrOM,
past grand of Apollo Lotl^c. I i> «' I ' .
and fraternal journalist, while walking
along O'Farrell street, near Mason. stUW
bled over a piece of lumlur l-it on th«
v,alk by a careless employe of <> con
tractor in such a mitmi.r as M> !••• <" t»b
struction. Falling heavily to ll>o w ilk,
Mr. Norcross was badly hurt about the
head and face, sustaining- a fracture of a
tooth, splittfng one of his lips and cutting
a gash on the side of his head.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 334 Post st.
Followed Him From Russia.
Judge Dunne has issued a summons for
Abraham Nlinadovich, a Russian cloak
presser, ordering him to appear and show
cause why he should not be punished for "
contempt of court in having refused to
comply with an order of court and sup
port "his first wife. Mrs. Nlinadovich
claims that her husband deserted her in
Russia some years ago. came to this
country, procured a divorce by fraudulent
meansand married another woman. She
followed him. located him in Chicago and
then again in this city. She established
her claim that she was his legal wife and
the court ordered him to pay her alimony.
It sc-ems that he has disobeyed the order
and hence the prison doors are yawning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Baby's turn now, but M
J tor this week only. i
I THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
XOI7-1023 MISSION STREET, I
flbove Sixtb-
Phone Booth 14. °? Ewningi. I
Always
Good Tea
Big Presents
At
Great American Importing Tea Co
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERTWHERE.
100 STORES.
DR. TRAVERSE,
Skin and Venereal Diseases,
DONOHOB BUILDING,
lITO MARKET ST., COR. TAYLOR.
Rooms 28.29. Hours 1 to 4 p. m.i Pages II to 20 !
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
WILL FORMAILY WELCOME RETURNING HEROES.
Representative Citizens Selected to Receive tt^e
Boys of California's First.
Committees in Charge of the Festivities .Have .Nearly Completed
Tfjeir Labors, and Little Remains to Be Done
but to Start the Shouting,
HONORARY RECEPTION COMMITTEE.
Hon. W. W. Foote
Henry Dernham,
John F. Merrill.
James B. Stetson.
John I. Sabin.
Lewis Gerstle.
Captain Niebaum,
Judg-e J. J. de Haven,
Dr. A. A. .i'Ancona.
Hon. Frank G. Neuiands,
Garret McEnerney.
Hon. W. H. Beatty,
Captain N. T. Messer,
Arthur Rodgers.
George Crocker,
Simon Newman,
P. F. Dunne.
Dr. Max Magnus,
Colonel J. C. O'Connor,
T. R. Bannerman,
P. H. McCarthy.
Dr. Louis Bazet.
J. C. O'Connor.
H. G. Platt,
Dr. Eethers,
Hon. J. M. Seawell.
J. Frederick Plagemann,
R. H. Lloyd.
Fred Greenwood.
Charles Altschul,
Wendell Easton,
L. Elkus.
THE honorary reception committee
L ' which is to extend the forma freet
ing the California boys upon the:r
arrival On the transport Sherman
was appointed yesterday by the citi
zens' executive committee. The gentle :
men named are omoner the representative
citizens of the State, amply qualified to
fulfill the pleasant duty of welcoming back
to their native l.tnd the men who did such
valiant service In their country s cause
in the far-away Philippines.
The different committees in charge ot
the reception have about completed their
labors. A few details are yet to be ar
ranged, and everything will be in readi
ness for the celebration. AH the plans
have been perfected and will be carried
into execution without delay. Monday the
work on the evergreen decorations will be
commenced; and with 'the hirfre force that
has volunt'-ered for this work it will be
npeedilv completed. Little remains but to
await "the arrival of the transport and
then start the shouting.
MARKET STREET'S
CARB OF GARLANDS
The Colorado boys, as a graceful com
pliment to the returning California's
have volunteered their services to dress
Market street in its garb of garlands anc
PB3 •*••*■•*•••••••*• m
* *
PROGRAMME OF THE
RECEPTION EVENTS
Tuesday. August 22 — Bene
fit performance of "The First
Bom" by juvenile profession
als at the Chutes.
Wednesday and Thursday
evenings, August 23 and 24 —
Alhambia Theater benefit.
Aftarnc on of the arrival of
the Sherm \n — Grand naval
parade by 'he yachts, tug
boats and ot.:er craft on the
bay.
Second Day— Troops -will be
breakfasteh in tha morning- at
■ ry depot by Parents'
nnd Relatives' -i.ssocintion.
followed by the ma.ih to the
Presidio under escort of mili
tary organizations of the State
and others. After reporting at
the Presidio the California
U) b» granted fur
loughs until 10 o'clock the /al
lowing morning. In the even
grand electrical illrni
nation will be displayed for
thi first time.
Third Day — Military con
certs Rt 11 o'clock in the
morning at Union Square and
Columbia Square. In the
I night parade,
pyrotechnical displr.y and
electrical display, followed by
banquet to the troops at the
ferry depot.
Line of march — Van Ness
avenue to Market street, to the
ferry, where the column will
countermarch on Market to
Montgomery, to California, up
California to Kearny, Kearny
to Market, out Market to Van
Ness avenue.
At dates yet to be fixed—
Banquet by Native Daughters
at ferry depot, to bs followed
by distribution of medals. The
latter event will probably take
place at one of the baseball
grounds, as there is no build
ing in the city available for
the purpose. It is estimated
that accommodations will b?
provided for at least 10,000
people.
; ■ ... .
Dr. L. T. Cranz,
E. B. Hale.
A. W. Foster.
Julius Kruttschnitt,
George A. Knight,
Leon Sloss.
Judgr W. W. Morrow,
Clement Bennett,
Judae J. T. Sullivan.
Maxwell McNutt.
George A. Newhall,
Hon. W. A. Bissell.
Hon. James A. Cooper,
I. L. Requa.
Walter Everett Stone,
P. N. Lilienthal,
Edwin Goodall,
Colonel W. R. Smedberg,
Colonel H. P. Bush.
Willard B. Harrington,
A. Sbarboro.
S. V. Costello,
Vanderlynn Stow,
Dr. A. P. O'Brien,
William Fries,
John T. Green.
William Greer Harrison.
Frank S. Johnson.
David N. Walter,
David Rich,
William S. Wood,
John Landers.
. evergreens, under the direction of the flor
! :sts who v.ill superintend the work.
j Colonel McCoy was told that the decora
j lion committee needed the services of
j about ninety men. "They can have WO of
i them If they are needed," was the
, colonel's rrply. "Every man in my regi
| merit is anxious to do something 1 to show
: his appreciation of the treatment he
received at the hands of the San Fran
cisco people] as well as his esteem for
the California boys." The Presidio and
! Ferries Railroad, through George New
| hall, has contributed the money necessary
to pay the fares of the men to and from
J the Presidio while they are working on j
j the decorations.
The committee completed arrangements
yesterday to start Monday on the work
of ornamenting Market street with the
! vast contributions of evergreens from all
! sections of the State. There will be 10.0 10
j Chris ■ trees. :!0,000 palm leaves and
j 2WO dracacha palms, besides 20,000 yards
of garlands. These figures give an idea
of the magnitude of the undertaking and
the generous manner in which the people
responded to the committee's request for
donations. In acknowledgement of the
contributions the*committee has sent the
following to every donor:
Your generous contribution for the grand re
reption to the California Volunteers Is grate
-1 fully acknowledged.
Success to the cause in which, with truly
| fraternal spirit, the whole people of California
! have joined ■ an- Is'
It is now almost certain that the supply of
i evergreen decorations is more than sufficient
| t'> ornament Market street, and In order that
| .none will be .wasted all who desire to use them
' on their premises wilt be furnished with all
they can use to advantage. In this connection
; the following card has been extensively dis
, tributed:
"Christmas trees— good cheer, good will.
Palms and garlands— the reward of valor and
patriotism."
The whole State has supplied the material
with lavish generosity. Our part Is to use it
■ to the best advantage. You are offered a lib
eral quantity to dress your premises In festal
. garb in honor of our gallant volunteers. Com
pliments and best wishes.
THE COMMITTEE <>>: DECORATIONS.
: Superintendent McLaren of Golden Gate
Park has placed several teams at the dis
i posal of the committee, and on Monday
morning the actual work of decorating
will be commenced. For this purpose Mr.
Schilling lias divided the street into dis
tricts, each of which will be under the
direction of florists, who have offered their
services.
The districts and their superintendents
will be a? follows:
Jaeger & Jacquemet. 236 Slitter street. Mar- ',
kf-t street. Main to Fremont; Frank Pelicano.
22.) Kearny street. Market street, Fremont to
Second: C. M. Leopold, 35 Post street. East
I street, Folsom to Howard; George B. Jones. 317
Butter street. Market street. Fifth to Sixth:
Central Florist Company. 31 Geary street. Eaul
street. Howard to Mission; August Duhen. 132
Powell street, Market street. Third to Fourth:
i Joseph O. Llekens, Emporium Flower Depart
ment, Market street, Fourth to Fifth, Alexan
der Mann Jr.. 1441 Polk street. Ferry Plaza:
Charles Btappenbeck, 1207 Polk street. East
street. Mission to Sacramento; John Pouyal.
: 1211 Polk street. Market street. Sixth to Eighth:
Charles C. Cohen. 306 Sutter street. Market,
street. Second to Third;. Joe Thompson. 1316
I Taylor street. East-street arch; . Sievers &.
Roland, 25 Post street. Market street. East to
Main; John H. Hievert" & Co.. Van Ness aye
' nue and Chestnut street, Eighth street to Van
Ness avenue.
Chairman Martin addressed the com
mittee on the subject of additional deco
rations in the way of colored bunting,
which has been deemed advisable by. the
executive committee. The idea will be to
drape streamers of red, white and blue
on the ropes to which the electric wires
are attached, and such other decorations
SAN FRANCISCO, STTNBAT, ATJGtTST 20, 1899.
NATIVE SONS' MARSHALS OF THE GRAND PARADE.
James P. Dockery, section marshal: Henry E. Faure, marshal first division; 1,. B. Mayer, second division; Fred
Suhr, lifth division; L. H. Kohn. sixth division; Dr. E. F. Donnelly, seventh division.
as may be found feasible. After some
discussion the matter was left to Messrs.
Martin and Schilling to do what they may
deem proper.
Superintendent McLaren will !>•• request
ed to supervise the decorating of Van
:. the same lines as Market
■
FINISHING UP THE
RECEPTION PLANS
Formal steps will hr taken by the citi
zens' executive committee to have the
military organizations take part In the
night parade on the day after the debark
ation of the California volunteers. Grand
Marshal Pistol* si addressed the committee
at its meeting yesterday morning on the
subject, and Secretary McPike was in
structed to address a communication to
the commanders of the various volunteer
regiments at the Presidio, requesting them
to participate. General Shatter will be
asked to allow the regulars to fall in line,
and arrangements will be made to send
DAISY GROGAN AND CHARLES THALL AT THE CHUTES
BENEFIT. .
the members of the Eighth Regiment to
their homes in the interior after the pa
rade, is over. The Colorado volunteers
will be requested to act as a special escort
of honor. Any companies who desire to
| take part in the night parade are request
-1 ed to communicate with Grand Marshal
Pistolesi.
| General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Pacific Company has com
plied with the request of the committee
to extend the time limit of excursion tick
ets from two to four days from the date
of the debarkation of the troops.
The executive committee grand stand at
the corner of Bush and Battery streets
win accommodate 150 people, and each
member of the committee has been grant
ed -he privilege of inviting several guests.
Chairman Martin of the decoration corrf
mittee was authorized to have the band
stand in Union square, extended to aeeom
modate thirty musicians. There will be
two military concerts on the morning pre
ceding the great nitrht parade, "one In
(Jnlon nquare and the other In Columbia
square, where a stand for twenty musi
cian.- will b. •i- '■ I.
LOS ANGELENOS TO
JOIN IN THE FUN
Los Angeles will be well represented at
the reception. Many residents of tho
southern city are now visiting here, and
these, with the delegation soon tn arrive,
will take action to participate In the fes
tivities as a body. The following circular,
issued by "W\ S. Moore, explains itself:
The former residents of Loa Angeles, to
gether with those nmv vi.-it:nK this city, have
determined that their section of .the Smte shall
be properly represented in the coining celtbra
■. tion tendert .mint; California volun
teers. They have had a mooting and ;
the arrangements In charge of the Oro Flno
Club, Walter s. Moore, president; B. Fehne
I man. secretary; E. .1. Niks, chairman of tin>
executive committee, all of whom are now m
! this city. It has hern settled thai th*ri» will
be a carload of orange?, palms and flowers, a
fl^at. fireworks, band and a general outpouring
of Los Angolenos under thp auspices of the
club. The following committee was appointed
consisting of members of the organization and
visitors at present in this city, who will mwt
at the Parrott building:, rooms 569-70, Tuesday
evening next to complete arrangements.
The committee . consists of Governor Henry
T. Gage. General W. H. Svamane. General A.
W. Barrett, Supreme Justice Walter Van Dykr,
E. J. Nile?, W. H. Anderson, John T. Gaffey,
John Caley, Charles Schroeder. Marl in Aguirre.
Tony Brunswick, Bert Nason. M. n. Higgins,
Andy McNally. Charles L. Thumpson, George
Roberts. W. I. Faley. Dan Kevane, Charles
Dunsmoor, J. V. Gregory. Captain Crane, Les
ter Osborne. R. A. Marshall. Joseph D. Lynch,
"W. F. Parker, M. W. Brady, Judge R. B. Car
penter. Thomas B. Shaw, D. Gilbert Dexter. F.
P. Kelly. M. H. Sheppard, "\V. C. McGregor.
Charles Gorham and Walter S. Moore, presi
dent, and B. Fehneman, secretary
ONE CONTRIBUTION
HAS GONE ASTRAY
Joy has filled the hearts of the members
of the finance committee. The rapid
growth of the fund and the substantial
proportions it has reached have been a
source of satisfaction to every one con
nected with the reception. With but a
very few exceptions the people of all sec
tions have responded liberally and cheer
fully to the appeals of Mr. de Young's
committee. At the meeting yesterday the
most encouraging reports came from the
outside districts. The fund will far exceed
the $50,000 figure, which was the original
goal of the committee. Over in Oakland
\Y. O. Palmanteer of the Central Bank
has undertaken to raise a handsome con-
tribution from the citizens, and reported
yesterday that he was meeting with lib
eral responses from all quarters.
Something has gone wrong with a fund
that was raised at a benefit given by the
Rathbone sisters of Santa Rosa. A big
amount was realized, but no one seems to
know what has become of it. The com
mittee has received a communication ask
ing why the contribution had not been
acknowledged, and it developed that the
money had never been received.
ON THE DAY THE
FIRST COMES HOME
Lee Johnson, the popular song writer,
whose latest success. "On the Day That
Dewey Comes Home," has written to fit
that air another sonc entitled "On the
Day the First Comes Home." It is dedi
cated to the Native Sons and Daughters,
and will be sung at the Alhambra Thea
ter on the nights of the benefits for the
returning volunteers. Here it is:
There'll be a Brand sight —
Fresh from the iisht.
Our boys come home to stay;
Colors flying, bands a playing,
A Krand old holiday.
We'll all turn out,
The boys Will shout,
Anil welcome each their own;
The streets will be covered with floweis,
On the day the First comes home.
CHORUS.
Won't we have a lush old time .
fOn the day the first comes home;
All of pood old Frisco town
Will be their very own.
Each mother will hue and kiss
And bless her favorite son,
And then there'll be a hot time in Frisco,
On th? day the First comes home.
They're all right— who's all right?
The First— our boys, our sons-;
Courage, valor, found not wanting.
Honored by the ones at home.
They stood the battle's brunt.
Always to the front.
In the trenches and the tropic sun.
They told their little story to the natives,
Did our boys behind the guns.
Johnson, who has written any number
of popular successes, including "Ma Hon
olulu Lady" and "The Belle ol Honolulu."
has cut loose from music publishers atul
branched out for himself. Hereafter his
own presses will print his compositions,
N''xi w -i k will witness the publication of
four new songs that seem to contain all
the elements of popularity. Their titles
arc; "Ma Honolulu Man," "Dat Coon,
lie Don't Love Me." "Move On, Mr. Nlu
ger. Move .On" and "Mammy's Carolina
Twins." Josephine Gassman, who was
favored with a manuscript copy of the
"Carolina Twins," Ims made a hit with it
in the East.
COLONEL DUBOCE
APPOINTED MAJOR
Information comes from Washington
that Colonel Victor Duboce. who will re
turn on the Sherman, has been appointed
major of one of the volunteer regiments
now being mustered in. Colonel Duboce
left here as a lieutenant colonel. He did
exceptional service at the battle of July
31 ami took a prominent part in the occu
pation of the city of Manlia August 13, at
whicii time he was acting colonel. He
distinguished himself at the battle of
Santa Ana. and was in several engage
ments on the island of Negros. He re
turns as colonel of his regiment.
RECEPTION NOTES.
The Native Sons and Daughters of the
general reception committee to the num
her of 200 will go on the river boat T. C.
Walker to take part in the bay parade.
The vessel will carry 500 persons and that
number of tickets will be disposed of ex
clusively to members of those orders.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians has
elected P. J. MeMormiek division marshal,
and will have 800 men in line.
The Celtic Union will also have a sec
tion and a large representation.
The various lodges of Odd Fellows will
give a special reception to all Odd Fel
lows who are with the returning volun
teers.
The Mystic Shriners have hired a tug to
meet Colonel Duboce, who is a prominent
member of that order.
The Young Men's Institute parade com
mittee has elected J. J. Duddy division
marshal and W. Chester Keough and Dr.
John I. Richards as aids. Frank J. Drs
coll and John Riley were named as aids
to the grand marshal.
The members of the Young Ladies' In
! Pages 11 to 20 !
FUND REACHES FIGURES
OF A PRINCELY FORTUNE
.* *T HE fund has reached the fifty-thousand mark. Although the reports *-
■X I made yesterday show a grand total of but $48,057 60, checks were received *■
[ after the finance committee adjourned which are not included in the list *-
following which bring the figures up to the desired goal. The contribu- *•
tions reported yesterday are as follows: *■
4t Previously reported $44,747 S5 Officers and employes Twelfth *"
->c Yon Wo Company 12200 United States Life-Saving *-
x. Employes of the United States Station 87 00 *.
X Mint 11825 County Clerk's office 69 00 .7"
* Frank Sullivan 100 00 John Nightingale 50 00 *"
■* Shasta Water Company 10000 W. W. Foote. 50 00 *•
+L Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson... 10000 A. Hayward 5000 *•
* George W. Gibbs &Co 100 00 N. Clark & Son..; 50 00 *.
X J. A. Roebling. Sons &Co 100 00 Wilson & Bros 50 00 ±
X Dunham. Carrigan & Ilayden American Steel and Wire Z
"* Company 100 00 Company 50 00 *"
-X Miller. Sloes & Scott 100 00 George H. Tay & Co 50 00 *■
Tubbs Cordage Company 100 00 W. W. Montague &Co 50 00 *-
Selby Smelting and Lead Gem Yee Tong Union 50 00 ■+.
* Works 10000 T
j. J. Hendy Machine Works, $25; U. S. Laundry. $25; J. B. F. Davis & Son, *.
T $25; John Dolbeer, $25; F. P. and J. A. Hooper, $25; D. M. Osborn & Co., T_
"* $25; Deere Implement Company, $25: Hooker & Co., $25; J. de la Montanya, *~
* $25; William M. Lent. $25; Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company. $25; M. S. *■
■¥■ Koshland, $25; C. S. Moses. $25; F. S. Moody, $25; Thomas Denlgan, Son & *-
■tc Co., $25; General Electric Company. $25; Pacific Coast Oil Company, $25; Mor- j^.
m rison & Cope. $20; the Chiapas Rubber Plantation and Investment Company,
X $20; Hobbs, Wall & Co., $20; Gualala Mill Company $20: J. R. Hanify Com- X
"r pany, $20; Julius Jacobs, $20; Louis E. Spear $20; Seller Bros. & Co., $20; Tay- *"
"* lor, Adams & Pritchard. $20; W. S. Ray Manufacturing Company, $20; Dr. *-
■¥■ Beverly MacMonagle, $20; Cash. $20; Scott & Magner. $20; Sonera & Co., $20; *-
-ft Anspacher Bros., $20; San Francisco Tent No. IS. Knights of the Maccabees, j^
m $20: Samuel Newman & Co.. $10; Henry Kahn & Co., $10; Stuparich Manufac- -
I turing Company, $10; A. J. McNicoll & Co., $10; H. N. Tilden & Co.. $10; W. T. *
X Smith & Son, $10; George W. Pennington. $10; California Boiler Works. $10; *-
"* Payne's Bolt Works, $10; Lent & Humphrey. $10; Gray & Mitchell. $10; J. H. *-
"* Kruse, $10: Wiester & Co.. $10; John [Is, $10: Pacific Surety Company, $10; *.
■♦f Clarence M. Smith, $10; E. S. Tryon. $10; John Lee. $10: L. Breslauer. $10; Me- 
4c Manee ><• Dickens, $10: J. Harris, $10;Symon & Manasse, $10; Catton. Bell & z.
X Co. $10; Watson & Marx. $10; Shoobert. Beale & Co., $10; Hulme & Hart. $10; *"
* Baliard & Hall. $10; Christy & Wise. $10; Flint & McLennon. $10; Charles H. *■
* Abbott, $10; Jacob Rosenberg, $10; W. A. Miller, $10; George F. Morrow & *■
* Co.. $10; A. O. Mulligan. $10; H. C. Ellis, $10; A. Aigeltinger, $10. >«.
■¥■ A. Ottinger, $5; Diamond Parlor. $5: E. Korn, $5; Max Shirpser -Jewelry jf
-♦t Company, $5: Charles J. Collins, 55: Kahn Brothers, $5: Clara Foltz. $5; Samuel ,4.
4c Jones, $5; W. H. H. Hart. $5; E. L. Wendling $5; cash. $5; Union Lumber Com-
4, pany. $5; E. D. Collins, $5; Albion Lumber Company, $5; W. L. Growall Com- T
X pany $5; M. Greenburg. $5; J. D. Hems, $5; Lloyd Scovel Iron Company, $5; *"
"* Christ:.' Machine Works, $5: L. Holman. $5; Boldt & Babel, $5: Union Ma- *■
* chine Company, $5; Eureka Boiler Works, $5: Joseph Wagner Manufacturing *-
■¥ Company, $5: Le Gal & Ostrander, $5; John G. Eby, $5: I. Willard Bean, $5; jl.
-ie George Clark, $5; F. L. Turpin, Royal House, $5; C. R. Lloyd, $5; Mrs. Z.
Huerne, $5; A. Berbert & Bros., $5; J. H. Sisson. $5; Globe Brass and Bell Z_
T Foundry, $5; California Brass Works. $5; J. N. Kowalsky & Co., $5; D. A. Ben- *"
* tier, $s; "Robert Dollar, $5: J. G. Jackson, $5; Wilson Bros. & Co.. $5; Dickens *•
■* Lumber Company. $5; S. H. Harmon Lumber Company. $5; Mendocino Lumber 3f
■¥■ Company, $5: Pollard & Dodge, $5; McKay & Co., $5; Morrison Lumber Com- •+
->c pany $5; N. Getz & Co., $5; A. B. Hunt, $5; S. P. Morton. $5; Charles A. Me- jl
-k Caul. $5; cash, $5; cash (G. H. C). $5; cash (F. & C), $5; cash (H. H.I, $5; cash 2_
X (J. M. Jr.). $5: Mrs. Smith. $5; C. Eldridge, $5: Whitelaw Wrecking Company. J
X $5; F. B. Findley, $5; J. Wollner, $5; Levi Shilling, $5; George W. Kearn, $5; *•
'* Santana & Perry. $5; J. L. Vermiel & Co.. $5: Eagen Brothers. $5; James Me- if
* Elearney, $5; Barg, Kleen & Evans, $5; W. W. Chase & Co.. $5. *
+ Bjorn, ?2 50; H. B. Bogart, $2 50» Levin Brothers. $2 50: G. N. Stolz, $2 50; *-
■¥■ Williams' & Orton, $2 50: Sanders & Co., $2 50; Karl S. Haas, $2 50; Mclntosh *.
■tt & Dolpmann, $2 50; H. Muller & Co., $2 50; Goetzen & Muller, $2 50: River Ex-
m press Company $2 50; L. B. Edwards. $2 50; J. W. Schouten & Co., $2 50; Biever Z_
"L & Clark 52 50: cash (E. H. 11.). $2 50; James F. McKcnna. $2 50; J. T. Gibson. *"
* $•'■ A & J. Levin. ?2: W. J. Andrews, $2; room No. 27. $2: D. T. C. Perkins, $2; *-
* T P Burns. $2: Charles H. Green, $2; J. H. Boysen, $2; Zissig & Essmann, $2; 4.
■¥■ d' H. Wulz.-n Jr.. $2; George G. Smart. $2; cash. $1 50; Emile Hirchfeld, $1 50; +
-k Mrs Brasca $1 50: George Wichman, $1; cash, Jl: A. K. Clary, 51; E. J. Hem- 
.* mcl $1; cash $1; cash, $1; cash. $1; J. H. Blakeley, $1: Thomas Ford, $1: Will- J
X lam Edwards $1; T. J. Monihan, $1; J. N. Russell. $1; Hadwen-Swain Manufac- *"
"l turing Company, $1; J. J. O'Connor. $1; E. C. Pressley, $1; J. T. Lydon. $1; C. *•
* J Cereghino $1: Lee Farmer, $1; M. G. Eyre. $1: George Knox, $1: John M. Me- Jf
* Clare $1- Ed McAdam. $1: T. H. Smith, $1; a friend, $1; Louis Kuh, $1; Charles *-
* L Giimartin, $1; F. Hartje, $1: Mahoney & Conway, $1; J. B. Mahoney. $1; Dr. +
-k Spvmour $1- Andrew B. Knox, $1; C. Schroeder. $1: F. G. Norman & Sons, $1; 
X ME Macdougali & Co., $1; A. B. Cathcart, $1; H. Stokes, $1; W. M. Springer, *"
X $l" F Schmidt. $1; cash (C. T. M.), $1; Mr. Hage, 50c; B. Romain. 50c; Fred *
T, Faber 50c; Castro-street Pharmacy, 50c.; N. Holt. 50c; Mullany, 50c. *
Total amount reported to date, $48,057 60. *
* " *
stitute are making preparations for an en
loyable time aboard the steamer Grace
Barton on th-- day of the naval parade.
The tickets are being disposed of rapidly
and can be secured from Miss Molloy ar
Loyola Hall. Tenth and Market streets, or
at the headquarters tent at L nion square.
The employment committee will hold a
meeting Monday afternoon at the Union
square tent to outline plans for securing
situations for the returning volunteers
\t the entertainment given \\ ednesciay
evening at the armory. 535 Ellis street,
for the benefit of the California volunteer
breakfast fund, the music for dancing
was donated by Warren's Orchestra.
The Market-street Railway Company
has sent a check for $1500 to the Red
Cross Society to be used for the care and
relief of sick or disabled soldiers, the
members of the California regiment to
have the preference.
The citizens" executive committee will
meet this afternoon at 1 o'clock at the
Mayor's office in the Phelan building.
Tickets for the parents' and relatives
excursion boat to view the naval parade
are on sale at the National Guard armory,
815 Ellis street, from 2 to 5 p. m. daily,
and at Livingston & Co.'s, 708 Market
Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Peeler. Assist
ant Adjutant General of the Third Bri
gade. National Guard of California, has
been notified by Brigadier General M. W.
Muller that the citizens' committee will
provide transportation for Company G,
Second Infantry, and Troop B of Sacra
mento so that those organizations can
participate in the reception to the First
California Regiment.
George H. S. Dryden. chairman of the
committee on noise, has appointed the
fallowing assistants: D. T. Sullivan, chief
of the Fire Department, who has kindly
agreed to have the whistles of the depart
ment sounded for a period of twenty min
utes when the transport is sighted; E. P.
Vlning, general manager of the Market
street Railway system, who will have
notices posted on all car windows as soon
as the Sherman is sighted: A. B. South
ard, superintendent oi the San Francisco
and San Mated Railroad Company. Thir
tieth streel and San Jose avenue; Mr.
Kidd. superintendent of the Presidio and
Perries Railroad. T'nion street and Sharps
place; L. P. Bolander. Eureka Planing
Mills Main and Mission streets; Jerry
I i 099.0«. openings ••••loyy I
3* FIRST SHOWING OF X
t SPECIAL SALE ...COLORED SILK AND W00L... t
4- THIS WEEK. CREPONS. *
£ SEE \A/lINDO\A/ DISPLAY. 1*
T ' ,V, " . f
t Q^ A fu " Sult pattern Of NOVELTY CREp ON. silk and wool. 46 ?
£ cpcl»c/cJ» inches wile, all the new shades of blue, gre^n, violet, etc.; T
* also some very stylish tri-color effects. ?
X |"%£ ' -' ;v - ■■ ; X
f (PC Af\ A full suit pattern of CORDELINE SUITING, solid black ?
X <p*J» T\J» grounds, raised cord effects. In new blue, cerise, golden and *!
M; forest green, silk and wool, 45 inches wide. *l*
X - . '■ •V'"". ■ ?
i <£H Kf) . A full suit length SILK BLISTERED CREPON, very rich raised . J
i* *P t'»%J\Jm effects, large rang 3 of new fall colorings, 46 inches wide. •*•
T . 4*
•■ EXTRA! EXTRA! EXTRA! |
:: \ A FULL SUIT PATTERN ENGLISH MjHAIR X
?d> A T* f\ CROONS, In toned colorings, such as —^ . r~ r\ '.
x | »Ov/» black and red »^ black and brown, blue, «r)4i # 0U» *i*
"t green, cerise, etc., 46 inches wide, silk I.
+ stripe effects. V
I KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN, f
i 1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street. ±
Daily Merchants' Exchange; Abo Marks,
Merchants Exchange; James Tyler- P
1,. Henderson, Chief Wharfinger; and
office A " Devlne > Chief Wharfinger's
The Joint committee of the Native Sons*
and Daughters having charge of the re
ception of the volunteers met last night
in the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building. Frank H. Mills in the chair The
committee on entertainment No. 1 report
ed that the receipts were $1736 92 and the
expenses $333 58, leaving a surplus of
$1403 M for the benefit of the reception
fund. The chairman of the finance com
mittee stated that unless additional fund*
are received it is doubtful if the members
of the committee will have an opportunity
to take part In the banquet.
A large number of the members of the
Emmet Guard and the Wolfe Tone Guard
of the .old Third Regiment, N. G. C.
which companies were upon reorganiza
tion consolidated and made a company of
the First Infantry, have decided tha,t they
should parade to receive the volunteers
and Colonel T. F. Barry, Captain E I*
Sheehan and Lieutenant P. H. Hagan
were appointed a committee to form a
battalion. ; \?l:
MARSHAL AND AIDS
GET INSTRUCTIONS
Grand Marshal Pistolesi and all the aids
of his staff and those of divisions met
last night at the California Hotel, and
from reports made by them as to numbers
it is asserted that there will be about 2rt._
000 individuals in the night parade. Tho
statement was made that General Shafter
had during the day sent a letter saying
that he would co-operate in the matter
of the night parade personally and with
all the facilities at his command.
The aids were notified to he ready to
move at S o'clock from some point on Van
Ness avenue to be named during tlr 3 week.
The returned soldiers will form the left
of the line, be escorted by the Mexican
Veterans and be flanked by the veterans
Of the war of the Rebellion with red, white
and blue torches, the divisions represent
ing the veterans of three war?.12
JUST at present all social interests t
center at Del Monte and the golf |
and tennis tournaments and pony
racing. After the ten days' outing
at Del Monte many of the best people will
return to town, and by the time the first
autumn day is ushered in preparations
will be well under way for the coming
winter season.
Mrs. A. de F. Smith and daughter?, of
Portland, were entertained at dinner at
the Occidental Friday evening by General
and Mrs. James Longstreet Miss Arm
strong, Miss Youngblood and Mrs. Has
kell were the other guests.
i: M. Greenway entertained at dinner
at Fairfax on Saturday evening last Mr.
and Mrs. Marcus Gerstle, Mrs. William
Gerstle. Mrs. A. 11. K. chteler, Mrs. Bert
Morrow. Miss Morgan. Baron Alex yon
Schroeder and Leon Boqueraz.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson gave a
dinner party at Fairfax on Saturday
evening last, having as their guests Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Runyon, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick H. Green, Miss Gussie Alvord,
Miss Alice Owen, C. P. Pomeroy and Wil
liam O'Connor.
Mrs. George C. Boardman Jr. enter
tained a number of ladies at tea on Tues
day last at her homo In ban Rafael.
A delightful breakfast was given Gen
eral ana Mrs. James Longstreet Friday
at the Cliff House by T. frank Conrad.
Covers were laid for nine guests, who,
with the host and guests of honor, were:
Miss Armstrong and Miss Koungblood of
Washington. D. C, Mrs. A. de *'. Smith,
Miss Smith and Miss Minnie Smith of
Portland. Or., and Lewis Wardlow Has
kell of South Carolina.
After enjoying the beautiful scenery the
Sutro Baths were visited and un hour's
bathing enjoyed.
Mr.- Emily Finnigan left on Monday
last for an extended European tour. Dur- J
ing the lady's stay abroad she will
chaperon Miss Hilda Van Blcklen, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Van Sicklen. j
Mrs. Finnigan and Miss Van Bicklen ex
pect to be gone two years.
Mr. and Sirs. John Hays Hammond are
at the Chateau Bee de la Vallee, Dinart'.
in Brittany. Mr. Hammond has been 111
ever since his return from South Africi.
and a recent dispatch states that he ha 3
taken a run; tor the worse. He and Mrs
Hammond will go to Carlsbad as soon ru
he can stand the journey.
Mr. and Mrs. William Tnsraham Kip
Mrs. Guy L. Ed let and Miss Mary Kip will
return fi in the Hotel Rafael early next
month and go to the Hotel Richelieu for
the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Crocker, Mrs.
Bperry and Miss Bperry returned on Sat
urday, August 12, if. in a visit of several
weeks to fiurope.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Butler and Miss
Emma Butler are at Arkansas Hot
Springs. They expe?t to return in the lat
ter part of next month and be at th- Ho
tel Richelieu this winter.
Miss .Emily Carolan lias returned from
a. visit to Mrs. Edward G. Schmledell at
her home in Ross Valley.
Mr. and Mr?. Charles B. Alexander left
for Del Monte on Thursday.
Miss LiUie O'Connor left yesterds*' foi
a week's visit to Del Monte, after which
she will return to the. Hotel Rafael for
the remainder of the season.
Mrs. Carter P. Pomeroy returned from
the East, whore she has been for th-< past
three months, to her home In San Rafael
on Tuesday last.-
Mr. and Mrs. George R. Shreve arrived
In New York last Tuesday.
Miss Hopkins of Menlo Park and Mlm
Alice Colden Hoffman have been visiting
friends at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr and Mr.- J. W. Keeney and Miss
Ethel Keeney have returned from Del
Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel G. Buekbee left
yesterday for the Hotel Rafael, where
they will spend the remainder of the sea
son.
Mr. and Mrs. William Alvord have re
turned from their visit to Del Monte.
Miss Leontine Blakcman has returned
from Del Monte.
Mr?. Sidney M. Smith was a guest at
the Tavern of Tamalpais during the week i
La- Bon , v; Atlams has been a guest at !
th*. Hotel Rafael during the past week
Mrs. Margaret Irvine and her son, j -\v
Byrne, arrived in Paris on Friday Au
gust 11. ♦ *'
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Jtruttschnitt re
turned on Saturday, August 12, from a
trip to Alaska. !
■», La ', Iv _ Rache Canard, formerly M:ps '
Maude Burke, is at Newport for the sea- '
son.
Mrs. Anson Hotnlir.g will leave for New
York early next month en route to Eu- ;
rope, where she will remain two years
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Case Bull returned
last week to New York, after a visit of '
some months to Mrs. Bull's mother Mrs
Jarboe, "
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Michaels will re
main at Del Monte through the week of
outdoor sports and return on Monday
August 2S. to the Hotel Richelieu for the
winter.
They re Engaged.
The wedding of S. Hir.schfelder and
Miss Ada Bcheeline will take place at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr and
Mrs. S. Scheeline, 1812 Butter street at
noon, Wednesday. August 23. The cere
mony vill be followed by a reception from
3to 6 o'clock. ■
The engagement reception of Miss Hat
tie Sellg and Robert Marcum has been
Indefinitely postponed on account of ill
ness in' the family.
Invitations have been issued for the
marriage Of Miss Marguerite D. Sinclair
and Louis A. Smith. The -nuptials will
be solemnize, l at St. John's Episcopal
Church In this city on August 26, at s:2O
o'clock.
Wedding Bells
Miss Fannie Kosmlnsky, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. S. Kosminsky, was married
on Tuesday evening, August 15, at 7
o'clock, at the California Hotel, to Israel
Flatow. The wedding appointments were
artistic In every detail. The bride was
attended by Mies Rae Flatow. acting as
maid of honor, and Mis« Stella Friedlan
der and Miss Josephine Abrahams as
bridesmaids. Rev. Dr. NietO officiated.
After congratulations the guests, which
made only a family party, sat down to
an elaborate banquet. Mr. and. Mrs. Fla
tow left for Lake Tahoe, where they will
spend a few weeks.
A very quiet wedding was salemnfztd at
Bt. Mary's Cathedral on Monday, August
14, the contracting parties being Miss
SOCIETY.
I Anna Callahan. daughter of Edward Cal
! lahan of this city, and James Pereira of
| San Jose. The marriage was a very quiet
I affair, owing to the recent death of the
bride's mother, and only the relatives of
both families were present. The bridal
couple took the afternoon train for South
ern California, where they will spend the
honeymoon, and upon their return will
take up their residence in San Francisco.
If) tfye Future.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Magr.es will be please*
to see their friends on th< occasion of
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their mar
riage, Sunday. August 27. at their resi
dence lOOi* Castro street, Oakland.
The' White Dove Social Club has post
poned its trolley ride from Saturday even
ing. August 2«, to Saturday night, Sep
tember 2. ,
The R. K. 1,, has sent out Invitations for
Its tenth party to be held at Saratoga Hall
on Tuesday evening. August 29.
Home Gatherings.
A very pleasant birthday anniversary
was tendered to Mrs. S. Klelr.beck at her
Santa Clara residence on Sunday. August
13. Many of her friends arrived from San
Francisco and the surrounding country |
on the early trains and spent a very pleas
ant day in dancing and merrymaking.
On Wednesday morning the hostess m
vlt^d her guests to a ride to congress
Springs. Saratoga. The surrey was beau
tifully decorated and was drawn by four
horsey. Among the invited guests were:
Mrs. S. Kl-inbeck. Miss Lizzie Bohn, Mr
and Mrs William Bock, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Schlesselmann. Mrs. C. I'hlig and Miss 1..
Uhllg from San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
A. F. Boothby and Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Helerson of Campbell.
Mrs. V. I. Marsden of 314 Fulton street
gave a very enjoyabl" dinner party In.-t
Tuesday evening to her friend?. Mr. and
Mr? W J. Bennett and Mrs. Fletcher of ,
Hiik rslleld.
A pleasant reunion was given by Mr.
and Mrs. J. Schwalbe of i 403 O'Faxrell
street in honor of her mothers (Mrs. .
T. Wilkinski) eighty-third birthday, and
also the birthday of Master Leon Levy of j
Fresno, thus bringing all the children rep
resenting four generations together. On
this occasion the- house was handsomely
decorated and a banquet was held Rt 5 i
p. m The old folks as well as the young
joined the festivities of the evening. ,
Mrs. C. Ackmann Of 4142 Seventeenth
street was on the night of the 7th inst. '
given a serenade and surprise party by a
number of her friends. The visitors
brought good things with them and after
an evening of song, which followed tha
serenade, there was spent an hour or two
dlscusslne the collation. Those who
formed the party were Mr. and Mrs. I'.il-
Btni Mr. and Mrs. P. Clough, Mr. and
Mrs. F. d^ Lano, Mr. and Mrs. de Long of
New York. Mr. and Mrs. F. Hyman. Mrs.
C Ackmann Mrs. Lane. Mrs. J. Ross.
Miss E. Banker. Miss Edith Banker. Miss
Tillie Dueker. Miss J. Duffy. Miss 1..
Duffy Miss A. Duveneck. Miss L. Furge
son "Mlps M. Ix'hmann. Miss L. Meyer,
Mlso Johanna Meyer. Miss M. TLMjen.
Mi-s M Tyson, Miss M. Schumann of Ala
meda. Mlk'r D. Strei. Miss F. yon Btaden,
Mist G Schade. Miss T. Schade. and
Messrs. E. Duveneck. R. Gill. J. Gibson,
A. Gutman, J. Bender. B. Holtz. G. Duffy.
A. Ackmann. L. G. B. Ackmann. T. Ack
mann YV. Dibbin. W. Beach, J. Hanly. H.
Menker, H. Meyer. B. Kemp. C. Pllstrom,
! F Schade. G. Strippei. A. Smith, J.
Matheson R. yon Btaden, C. Ackmann, I*.
Ackmann. J. Ackmann, Fred Ackmann
and \V. Ackmann.
During the evening Miss A. Duveneck
and Misp L. G. B. Ackmann favored with
piano solos, Messrs. J. Gibson and R. yon
Btaden with bKlluds. and Miss E. Banker
and R. yon Btaden and Miss Johanna
Meyer and F. de Lano entered a contest
in "a wn'.k for the cake." The latter
couple was awarded the toothsome
morsel.
Club Parties.
The Belvedere Sewing Circle gave a
moonlight picnic last evening at the resl
dence of Mrs. A. Raisch.
The Clan Royal gathered In force last
Friday evening at 431 Bartlett street, the
home of Carroll Carrington, the clan's
genial leader. The occasion was a most
enjoyable presentation of "Hazel Kirke"
by the Clan Royal Dramatic Club. The
members of the cast assumed their roles
: like veteran actors, nnd were duly reward*
I ed by the hearty applause ;u;d apprecla
' tion of their fellow elanspeople. The parts
'■ were distributed as follows: Dunstan
Kirke. a miller. Richard Tnlly; Mercy
Kirke his wife. Frances Aspden; Haz^i
: Kirke. hifi daughter. Laura Person; Dolly
' Dunton, his niece. Bessie Logan: Arthur
Carrlngford. a lord, In love with Hazel, J.
i Thompson; Sciulre Rodney, betrothed to
Hazel Wayne MeCloud: Pittacus Green, a
stroller In love with Dolly. George Asp
deir Lady Carringford, Arthur's mother,
Laurilla "Pettis; Clara, a maid, Clorino
Carrinßton; Bnrney. valet to Arthur.
George Cfoo; Met; employed by Dunstan,
Otis Carrington.
The music during the play and to m
llven intcrmiKslons w&s entirely \inder the
direction of Miss Alice Carrington. a pian
tste of rare talent. Lat<»r In the evening
the clan enjoyed a royal feast and a
merry dance.
Personals
Mr. and Mrs. Sol .Rogers of Seattle,
Wash., are visiting: their aunt. Mrs. D.
Selegman. at 3105 Washington street.
Mrs. J. Steppenbeck has gone to spend
a month nt Anderson Springs.
Mrs. J. M. Carson of Los Angeles Is vis
iting: her pnients in this city.
Dr. and Mrs. T. E. Shumate have re
turned from their trip abroad and are
preparing to occupy Mieir new home on
California street.
Miss Tillie Ohlandt has left for Cisco
and Lake Taho<\ anrt expects to be at
home to her friends after September.
Miss Lizzie SUverstone has returned
from a two months' visit in Portland, or..
and will be pleased to see her friends on
Wednesday evening. August 23, at her
home, 171-1 Geary street.
Miss Flora Gerndersheimer of Seattle
is visiting Mrs. I^eo Borlea of this cl;y.
and will be a.t home on Wednesday even
ing, August 23, at 1714 Geary street.
Miss Julia Paulus left this city August
12 for a visit to relatives in Indiana.
Mrs. Carl Summer ha.s returned to her
home. 891 Capp street, after spending two
weeks in the Yosemita Valley.
Miss Maya Colburn has returned from
Castle Cnip and is at Del Monte for the
remainder of the season.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Bernstein (nee Jo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
seph) will be pleased to pee their friends
Bunday, August 20. at 304 Hayes street.
Tho AstorTas will give their third even
ing dress assembly in the main Saratoga
Hall Tuesday evening. AiiRUSt 22.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Knoeh of Susanville
are in the city nnd are PtayhiK at 1401
Van Ness avenue.
I. B. Connor left for New York Satur
day evening:.
Frank Denny is spendinK his vacation
at Fairfax Villa.
Mrs. R. Cohen of 1536 Willow street, Ala
me.la. left for Europe liist Thursday. She
will stop for a ff-w days in New York io
be tho puest of her son, after which six*
sails for Aberdeen. Scotland, to visit her
sister, nnd with her will leave for Lon
don and Paris.
Mrs. How. 11 and Miss Anna Searey have
returned after a month's vacation in
Humboldt County.
Mrs. Captain 8. IT. Burtis and Mrs. J.
A. Hosta have returned from Eureka, Cal.
Mr.- Hosta will leave shortly for Banta
Barbara to visit her daughter, Mrs. C. L.
Donohoe.
L. Solomon of Plfi McAllister street left
for a trip to Jacksonville, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard D. Quinlao and
family are at their cottage at Millwood
for thn sinnm. r.
Mrs. I>. Qulnlan an<l her daughter. Mrs.
F. J. Donnelly, have returned horn* 1 after
thre.s months' outing and will receive tho
first Thursday.
Los Arjgeles.
Mrs. F. r. Hicks and little daughter, ac
companied by Mrs. Hicks' brother. B. V.
chiMs. are at the Hotel Coronado for the!
remainder of the summer.
Hon. D. P. Hatch has returned to Los I
Angeles after a two months' visit In Brit
ish Columbia, where he has been looking;
after mining interests.
Mrs. w. J. Washburn of Pasadena ave
nue gave a delightful luncheon last Thurs- \
day in honor of her guest, Mrs. W. C. j
Coulson ol Ban Francisco. Besides the
guest of honor th< re were present Mrs. W.
c. Howe of New York ana Miss Tlmmons
of Charleston, s. < !.
J. P. Hamilton of the Santa Fe and bis
s-isfff. Miss Maude Hamilton, have re
turned from Catalina, where ihey had a
most pleasant visit of ten days.
Dr. F. W| Bteddom gave a box party at
the Orpheum on Thursday last. Those)
present were Dr. Qeorge L. Lasher, Mi«s i
KUa Lester, Mr. and Mrs. Archibald
Douglass, Miss Margaret Douglass and
Dr. and Mrs. Bteddbm.
Mis .1. U\ Roberts has left for her home
in Hutchinson, Kans., via Off den, wher6 she
will spend a few weeks with her aunt.
Mrs. ,i. s. Noble, who accompanies her
from tins city.
Dr. Lulu r. Ellis and little niece. Helen
I'.ullard, are at Banta Monica for the sum
mer.
■\V. G. Ni-vi-i. general manager of the
Santa Fe lit"-.- west of Albuquerque, ;n-
companled by President E. P. Rlpley,
Third Vice President J. M. Barr, General
Purchasing Agent w. I". Hodges and Su
perintendent of Machinery .1. I'l:i\ir, -til
of the Santa Fe system, are on their an
nual tr.ur of inspection over their lines j
west of the Kockies.
<;• raid Mulr, son of J. A. Mulr, superin
tendent of the Southern Pacific, l< m losi
week for the north. whore he will attend
the Belmonl School.
E. G. Thomas of Adams street is at
Catalina for a few days' outing.
Mr. and Mrs. John P. Francis, Mr. and
Mrs. R. P. Blalsdell and maid. Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Burnett and daughter and Mr.
and Mrs. J. \V. A. Off and daughter are
among the prominent society people at
Redondo.
The parishioners of the Sacred Heart
Church held a farewell reception In honor
of their pastor, Rev. Father Hartnctt,
who leaves that parish for thf cathedral
to accept the Vicar Generalship of this
dioi ese, left vacant by Very Roy. Father
Adam, who has returned to his old home
in Bpaln.
The El Hogar Feliz Club and its guests
held a picnic at Terminal Island on
Wednesday last.
Mayor Eaton and family have returned
from' a week's sojourn at Catalina Island.
On Friday evening, the nth inst.. Mrs.
<■ R Drake entertained at hearts in honor
of her daughter, Miss Pearl, and Miss,
Ethel Mulley. who have just returned
from Mills College. About twenty guests
wer<> present.
Mrs. W. 11. Howe, wife of the famous
New York painter of animals, is visiting
her Bister, Mrs. S. 11. Hutchinson.
flt tb« Resorts.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Among
the lato arrivals at Klamath Hot
Springs are: Mr. nnd Mrs. J. L. Foster,
Mrs. C. i». Gage and daughter, B. Brey
man, A. C. Barrie, Fred AY. Graham, \V.
W. Van Erman, Arthur r>oupe, W. I».
Joiner J. T. Miner, A. O. Davis, Mrs.
E. Hurling, David S. Burkett, Hervey
LJndley, A. 1-. Bath. James Cuzner, D.
'*. Stephens, R. H. Pratt, major, I. S. A.;
Miss Pratt; E. Gates, U. S. A.; H. W.
Marple; S. C. Beach, wife and child;
G< QTgi Stepnenson, George T. Baldwin,
Guy 1.. Cuzner. S. C. Patterson, Mrs. A.
E Junker and two children, C. H. Jones,
\V. F. Slocumb. Miss Katelle Reel, Charles
Sollors.
CARLSBAD— The following guests ar
rived :it CaflSbad Springs last week: Mrs.
and Mrs. Delmare, Mr. and Mrs. Wagner,
Mrs. A. Glover, Marguerite Glover, Jennie
T. Glove;-, Miss J. Shaw, J. E. Johnston,
It. B. Arnold Charles E. Berry. Judgo
Lawlor. W. D. Banborn, T. H. Duzan, P.
H. Phelps and James Crosset. San Fran
cisco. __
BYRON HOT SPRINGS- The following
guests registered brie last week: S. Glas
m-r, Rev. J. R. Lynch, Mrs. M. Beradt, A.
Joslyn, Mrs. P. McDonald. G. W. Henry,
Miss ISurke, Charlos Fahrlni, J. L. Pat
nade. L. Black, P. A. McDonald, M. F.
Cram, B. Aaronso'n, leister Jacobs. Mrs.
W. E. Alvls. Mrs. Burke, S. Kalisky. M.
Berndt, Captain A. Johnson, D. MclJenry.
Mrs. E. R. Browne. Mi il. Barron. Charles
Rhine, S. M. Shortridge and wife, J. G.
Winkler. Miss B. Stephens, Mrs. R. Rob
inson. M. J. Kelly. Mrs. Julius. Mrs. V.
H. Btiove. A J. Alvis, c. Ahem. Sun
Fruidsco; Miss Maggie Price. M. Miner,
J. Poutosky. Oakland; M. M. Bohan Uli.s
Qlancey, Miss M. Glancey, a. Bailey,
Crockett; Dr. C. \V. Jones. R. D. Gulyns,
Grass Valley; Yv\ S. Prout, Nevada City;
John W. Morash. Vallejo; Watt Veazltch
Dee Moore, Stockton; Mrs. A. DIXO.I,
Mii-hlKiin Bluff; Frank Francis, John
Vagna. 'Wauquin Joseph, Centervilte:
Miss May Dunnegen. Miss c. Williams,
Miss ft. Williams, Antioch; Charles l!ad
ler. Redwood City: Captain Morton, J. G
nogrrt. Judge John Frasior. Benici:\; II
T. Tinker, Los Angeles.
BKAGGS f-I'RINGS-The following
guests arc ro-lptered at Skaggs Springs,
Sonoma County: H. Mason, Hugo Reich]
S. Pincus, Mr. and Mrs. George M. Mur
phy, J. Wagner, A. P. Rujrgles, Charles
Birgh, W. R. Lett, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Knibbe, M. Walsh. Mr. and Mrs. Isidore
Hum«. j. Enright, James Wrcnn, Miss
Rose Grant, John Grand. Robert H.l
Reusch. G. Holdstein. L. Frank. Mrs. E.
Butters. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Jessup and
daughter, John S. Maxwell, Margaret
Brown. Henry Wagner, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Herman, F. H. Woods. E. L.
Christian. Mrs. H. E Robinson, Miss Nel
lie Elliott, Mrs. John Cashin, Misa Lily
Cashin, James A Cheetham, Ma
thias Dixheimer Mrs. F. W. Crou
dace. Miss Elinor Croudace, C. Peters,
J. Pittier, Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Haver, H.
Albright, Mrs. A. Hancock, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Robinson and Mrs. Helen Miller,
San Francisco; Mrs. Cartright, Mr. and
Mrs. Ed Pasqual. Mrs. C. F. Rice, Miss
Octavia Rice. Mrs. R. C. Mauzy. Miss
Manzy and Miss Clyde Shrader. Oakland;
Richard W. Tully, Miss Olga Meyer and
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Meyer. Berkeley; T. S.
Hanna. Alerta, Hanna, Cordelia Hanna,
Olivia Tlanna and Anna Hanna. Wanland,
Ind.; Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Revgivin, Chi
cago. 111.; F. Leonard. Arcata; Miss Ervin
McCarthy. Nevada; B. W. Gray and Miss
S. K. Gray, Honolulu; J. T. Grace, Harry
A. Scott, Malt G. Hall. Sidney Kirlander
and W. W. Skaggs. Santa Rosa; Mrs. J.
R. Swlsher, Rlley Swlsher, Kathleen
Swlsher, Mrs. William Lansing. Mary
King, William J. McCluskey. Mr. and Mrs.
H. H. Pyne. N. S. Carman and Ethel Sar
gent. Healdsburg; Essie Marshall, Mrs. J.
A. Kleiser, Anna R. Keegan, Myrtle
Iliatt, Loyd Hiatt and Charley Cooley,
Cloverdale.
SARATOGA. — Registered at Saratoga
Springs are: Miss Marie A. Walsh, S. A.
Sharp, Mrs. J. Neal, M. W. Hauna. C. W.
Whiting, Mrs. C. W. Whiting. Mr. and
Mrs. C. p. Holbrook, c. Jaypanet, Walter
R. Huff, D. Leffmann, Mrs. B. Feginbaum,
F. A. Chapius and wife, Mrs. W. J. Owen,
E. H. Forrester. John H. Jennings, Cap
tain G. Johnson and wife, San Francisco;
Miss L. McCormlck, Mrs. E. J. Koenlng,
Miss Josie Lamb. Miss Minnie Lamb.
Oakland; D. D. Davison. W. R. Carruth
ers, Santa Rosa; Carl Purdy, Ukiah; Miss
Lottie Darrell, Upper Lake'; S. S. C. Par
ker Berkeley, Mrs. J. Harrall, Visalla; T.
A. Elliott. Robert Frlsbie. St. Helena; F.
O. Stevenson, Yreka: W. G. Whitton,
William Linder and wife, Thomas Llnder.
Lakeport; Emmett Fitzgerald. Grass Val
ley; Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Barton, Miss
Ida Barton. Mrs. M. E. Smtthson. Clay
Smithson. Melvin Smlthson. Acampo- Mr.
and Mrs. Nolan, C. F. de Rose. Miss Mag
gie de Rose, Denning; J. M. Morrin, Ethel
Morrm, James Morrin. Miss Nellie Schell,
Rumsey; Mr. nnd Mrs. Maybcrry, Don
Mayberry. Miss Edith Mayberry, Mrs.
Pollock. Otto Pollock, Mr. Collins and
wife, I^odl.
SI'MMKR HOUSE FARM— The arrivals
at Summer House Farm during the past
week Include: J. Elasser. Mrs. J. Elasser,
H. Schulz. J. Nordman. Alfred Cohen, San
Francisco; E. A. Girvin. W. H. Glrvin,
Berkeley; J. B. Duffy. San Jose.
GILROY— The following guests have
registered at Gilroy Hot Springs during
the past week: B. J. Powers, Manila;
Peter Perry. Amelia S. Kopp. C. L. Ha
gerdon, S. Mayrock, wife and children,
San Jose; P. Duchein, Mrs. D. Heu^r. (r.
F lieuer, San Francisco; Leon Weaver.
George William Smith. E. H. Farmer and
wife, Charles Battio, Ben Naylor. Gilroy:
Annip M. Thomas. Pine Ridge; P. R.
Thomas. Madrone; E. A. Sawyer and
wife. Mrs. Bunker, San Felipe; Frank
Berry, Carl Rappe, Watsonville; Edward
Manning, Frank P. chrlstensen. Oscar
Johnsen, Dawson, Alaska; James Mr-
Kagney, Mrs. James McKagney, William
.r. McKagney, J. B. Scott, William Mur
ray and wife. Bert Kreiling. J. Barasch.
Barney Taylor. W. J. Davis, wife and
children, o. Hasslacher, Junes Hnney
John Topp. S. P. Topp. George Whltehead,
San Francisco.
PARAISO hot SPRlNGS— Following I
are the arrivals nt the springs for the I
liast two weeks: C. M. Gregory, Miss F.
SchantS, Mrs. W. T. Sawyer, B. Isen- !
berg. George Lee, Mrs. Maud SUcheJ. Miss
Julia Bahrs, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hop- i
kins. George BfiWardS, John Nightingale i
Mr. Sansome, Robert A. Doak, Miss Helen i
Bardin. Miss Winnie Bardin. Henry )
Prien, Mrs. C. B. Bailey. Nat Lowensteiri
Mrs. P. Crowley, Miss Josephine Crow
ley. P. M. Deianey. li c. Cooney, San
Francisco; Selvio Giacomazzi, J. B. Frol
-11. E. Frolli. Miss Mac Demange, Sole
dad; Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Black. Blanco;
-Mi^s Emma Black, Pueblo, Colo.; H S
Kirk. Oakland; Dr. W. A. Gordon. Miss
< ontinued on Page Twenty.
When Mrs. Nettie
__ ._ . Harrison's 4-day Hair
•fIU /a Restorer will bring-
M ■ / «-«■ —-w buck the natural col-
\W Hi m/ '"•? Gray or faded hair
WW II 1/ restored permanently
w I I 1 W without Inconvenience
' ' ■■••■■ / nnd with no disagree-
%/ able after effects. Not
a dye; 1b cleanly;
leaves no sediment.
H % nnd does not make the
E a ~ lmlr Htioky. All drug-
H*^f» sts sell it at 31-00. ■
bBCj Superfluous Hair
Removed permanently
by the Electric Needle
as operated by me.
j¥|*?|l7 Jr. Kettle Harrison,
\J|£ \\ y DEBMATOLOOIBT,
*J 40-42 Geary St.. San Francisco
AMUSEMENTS. »
UNION COURSING PARK.
*
10 DAY, SUNDAY, August 2Stb.
CRACK DOGS
. . IN . .
CRACK STAKES!
RICH PRIZES
. . for . .
WINNERS !
TRAIN , SERVICE. '
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 11 a. m.,
12 m. and"l p. m.. Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later; returning from Park
immediately ; after last course. Extra' train at
4:43 p.. in. San Mnteo electric cars - every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
OLYMPIA.
; Eddy Street, Corner' Mason.' »• ■
ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE j SHOW IN THE
CITY. -■;:
. : The "Beautiful • and i. Talented • .:
Z.QFK rtdfITTHEU/S,
- Queen of Coon Singers. ;
A Hit and a Big One!
ARMSTRONG AND O'NEAL,
•'■■""■,..■ Fistic Comedians. ' . '. : :
" The High Class ' Songstress, .
IRENE V/lINTOIN, ,
In. a New Selection of Popular Songs.
Continued Success of .
BLANCHE SLOAN LE CLAIR,
Tod Sloan's Favorite Sister. .
CORNALLA & LE CLAIRand numerous others.
ADMISSION FREE. MAT. EVERY SUNDAY
AMATEUR NIGHT FRIDAY. ■
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!
BLACK AND COLORED
DRESS GOODS.
On Monday, August 21, inst.. we will place on sale forone
week the undermentioned goods, which ; we unhesitatingly n»»™-
mend to onr patrons as positive bargains at the prices quotea.
ALL-WOOL SCOTCH FLANNEL.
CO inches wide IS cents per yard.
SAXONY MIXTURES IN RAW SILK AND WOOL.
20 Inches wide 15 cents per yard
AMERICAN NOVELTIES.
Bourette and Shaded Effects—
• 18 inches wide 25 cents per yard
ALL-WOOL FRENCH CHECKS.
In black and white, navy and white, etc.—
3G inches wide 37 1-2 cents per yard
ENGLISH COVERT SUITING.
Warranted shrunk—
50 Inches wide 40 cents per yard
SPECIAL-
ZIBELINE CAMELS' HAIR AND NOVELTY PLAIDS.
The very latest 5O cent* per yard
ENGLISH VENETIANS.
66 inches wide, all w001.. 91 and $1.50 per yd
N. B.— REMNANTS AND SUIT LENGTHS AT
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGE.
47 v inches wide all wool. in two different wales, at OOc per yd
[F[j Murphy Building, *
Market aid Jones Streets.
COMMENCING MONDAY, AUGUST 21st,
MR.
CLAY
In His Successful Romantic Comedy,
A SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN!
Supported by A COMPANY OF EXCEPTIONAL EXCELLENCE. •
Including the Following Well-Known Artists:
MR. AUGUSTUS COOK. H. S. DUFFIKLD. T. F. O' MALLET, JEFFREY D. WIL-
LIAMS. OSCAR NORFLEET, W. B. MACK. CHARLES YOUNG. W. 11. BAIRSTOW.'
ALLAN HALFORD. CHARLES NORTON. MISS PHOSA MCALLISTER. MISS NELL Mac-
EWEN and MRS. CLAY CLEMENT. <•*
A BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC PRODUCTION. . '
...CALIFORNIA THEATER...
LAST PERFORMANCE— TO-NIGHT
MISS BLANCHE BATES iZWJR co.
J>"o H d e uct7o a n^ icent "AS YOU LIKE IX."
ANOTHER IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT > ' '-.'-■■'
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY), AUGUST 2 1st,
First Time In San Francisco - ,•
WARDE & SACKETT'S COMEDIANS
Presenting the Latest Farce Success from Hoyt's Theater, "-U ">^ ..... .-
I J\_\ |"A Laughter Cyclone."— Detroit Free Press. |
{BACHELOR'S
\HONEYMOON
HILARIOUSLY ENTERTAINING! EXTRAVAGANTLY. FUNNY! ;
Reserved Seats- 2."c. 60c, 76c and $1.00. Matinee Saturday— 2sc, 60c and 75c.
nffiMBRTrHEATER.
ELLINGHOUSE & MOTT •■••. Managers
ON lA/ITH THE GOOD lA/ORK.
TWO NIGHTS ONLY— Wednesday aad Thursday Evenings, Aug. 23 and 24.
A SPECIAL TUT BIGGEST,
PROGRAMME \£3 0- BEST,
OF GREAT MERIT. 11 1 L GRANDEST.
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
RECEPTION FUND RETURNING HEROES.
200 Performers. 200 Professional and Amateur Talent
MONSTER MINSTREL FIRST PART— Volunteers from the OLYMPIC CLUB MINSTRELS.
of p the mince FILIPINOS.
Under the Auspices of the N. S. and the D. of the G. W.
(ETAn Opportunity for the masses to show their patriotism. A. Goodman of 111 .Turk st. !
has donated a tailor made gown to order of the value of $100, which will be bestowed as a
POPULAR PRICES,
NOTE —Professionals and amateurs having donated their services for these performances i
will kindly report for rehearsal every evening nt 7:30 o'clock. Monday evening at stage door, I
Jones-street fide. Alhnmbrn Theater. T»rpas rehearsal Tuesday evening.
BOX OFFICE OPEN FOR SALE OF SEATS 9 A. M. ?
CHUTES AND ZOOT
SPECIAL !
TUESDAY EVENING August 22.
THE AMUSEMENT EVENT OF THE YEAR.
MAGNIFICENT fBODDOTION OF FRANCIS POWERS 1 CHINESE TRAGEDY
The FIRST BORN
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
RECEPTION FUND
FOR THE RETURNING VOLUNTEERS.
Wonder.nl Juvenil Cast • - - - Original Scenery .... Original Music
BY COURTESY OF THE ALCAZAR.
DO NOT DhLAY- BUT PiIONE FOR SEATS, STEINER 1851
CHUTES AND ZOO!
»
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
' EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BOYLE and LEWIS. Comedy Sketch Artists;
JOHN MORRISON, America's Best Descriptive
Barytone: CHARLES COLBITRN. Mcnologist:
the MARVELOUS SEYMOURS. Acrobats Su-
preme; THE GIRDELLERS, Grotesques; THE.
WILLARDS. Musical Artists, and NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
' Reserve Seats by Phone, Stetner 1551. ;
Souvenirs for the Children To-Day !
LOOKOUT FOR ADGIE.
GLEN PARK.
San Mateo Electric Cars Direct.
THIS SUNDAY.
BEE THE WONDERFUL FRE\K OP NATDBB
THE DOUBLE-HEADED CALF !
ropoan e<iulllbrl6t, ANTONKO VAN TOFKB in
Ayr, w n Tf^ v i^ teeth ''■"""•ins -I. WALDO
AND ELLIOTT, the ft nent double traprz« art-
ins in the business: EDWARD OLCOTT the
clown contortionist anil acrobat; HUGH RO-
E bAK?n.^?if brilteil tenor »ololst: LITTLE
ROSIE Ho.NNKr. th.. child wonder miss ADA
r,y,\. l ."r;V,r,K. 1 c "T W ■»fe«»«tl«ij ATHLETIC
COMPETITIONS for. cash prlies on recreation
grounds.
ADMISSION, lOc,
AMUSEMENTS.
COMPLETE CHANGE OF BILU
Something New and Startling
HALL i STALEY
The "Twentieth Century Burglars."
The European Wonders,
FREEZE BROTHERS
- Clog Dancers and Champion Tambourino
Spinners.
Th© Whirlwind Humorists,
McMAHOIH KING
World-Famous Ethiopian Comedians.
Continued Success of
THE CARDOWNIES
The- "Hoot Mon" Quintet.
If You Like to Laugh See
CARON & HERBERT
Tha Funniest Acrobats on Earth.
Continued Success of
MANSFIELD & WILBUR
In a New Sketch.
Bhe Is a F^MFRATHA The Musical
Wonder, JuOiTlXjlliiJjLlA wire Queen.
La*t Week of
ALEXANDRA DACMAR
The Beautiful Russian Songstress.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
With Entirely New Views.
....COMING....
FELIX MORRIS AND CO.
THE HUNGARIAN BOYS* BAND.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), AUG. 20.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents: Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 60 cents.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
NIGHT! TRO V ATORE I NIGHT!
>r ...NEXT WEEK...
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.!
'Every Night and Saturday Matimee.
MVALLERIAJ
RUSTIGANA \
...AND...
jIPAGLIACCI!
THE ENTIRE COMPANY IN THE CAST!!
THE FAMOUS SINGERS WILL ALTER-
NATE!!
. A SUPERB MUSICAL FEAST!!
. All Previous Productions Eclipsed!!
THE CHORDS AND ORCHESTRA ENLARGED.
-v'- ;.*. A Wealth of Scenery and Costumes'.'.
the^iZls, 25~and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS— Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
TO-NIGHT.
UNDER FLAGS.
Beginning TO-MORROW. MONDAY, last week
but one of
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
WEDNESDAY, C A Mil IF
WEDNESDAY. W nil TM M tj9jij
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday nights
and ' Saturday matinee, -
ROMEO AND JULIET.
Seats now ready for all performances.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
> LAST NIGHT OF—— j .. -.
DOROTHY.
TO-MORROW EVENING
Beautiful and Costly Production of Yon Surp«'t
Delightful Opera,
CLOVER,
Or COUNT RUDOLPH'S TALISMAN.
PRICES:
Orchestra ..SSc and BOclFamlly Circle ISo
Dress Circle ..25c [Gallery 100
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat, 250.
Branch Ticket Office— Mala Entrancs Em-
porium.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, AT 2:30 P. M.
. IMMENSE PROGRAMME
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c— CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, including* admission, 2."i?; Children, 20«.
OPEN NIGHTS.
•^^SEPt:V-gToi6 T r v »
Choicest Fruits.Wines.Vege-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
1^ HP rALIFnRNIA<- mtr ft
A GTO^T S\OCVw SWQNW^
A\!43 /^ Dvtertaii\n\ei\t.
exhibits TRANSPORTED fREE
Excursion Rates To Visitors.
Write for aßTicuurs.
Jeter, j. shields -ab.^spwckles-
ssECßETAßr. PresidentMRS, DUNCAN
DESERTED BY
HER HUSBAND
Brief Wedded Bliss
Ended.
EACH ACCUSES THE OTHER
THE FORSAKEN WIFE HAS BEEN
TWICE DIVORCED.
Thought She Had Met Her Ideal In
Her Last Matrimonial Venture,
but Finds She Erred
■\ Again.
Thrice married, once the complainant
and once the respondent In suits for di- I
vorce and now deserted by her last hus
—such In brief is a recital of the re
markable, not to say sensational, marital
experiences of Mrs. Dr. Franklin T. Dun- j
can, all occurring in less than eight years. |
Mrs. Duncan is very well known lr. San J
Francisco, as is also her present husband.
She has held a high position in the select !
boclal circles of the local Four Hundred,
while Dr. Duncan was considered among- j
the most promising of the younger phy
sicians. -
Readers of The Call will member the
eensation caused about a year ago by the
romantic wedding of the young couple.
Mrs. Duncan had but a short time previ- ]
ously been divorced from her second hus- !
band, George Burnett, the well known ;
druggist* and Dr. Duncan had been named
in the husband's complaint as co-respond- j
ent. One day a short time after the judi
cial decree had been granted divorcing !
.Burnett from his wife the latter and Dr.
Duncan surprised their friends by making
a quiet trip to Reno, Xev., where they
were married.
The union gave promise of being a.
happy one and Mrs. Burnett-Duncan was j
wont often to say that at last she had
found her Ideal. The attentive husband !
jrave expression to similar pleasant
thoughts. But alsa! love's young dream
has !>een dissipated and Mrs. Duncan's
latest marriage appears to promise a no
more pleasant sequel than did her previ
ous ventures.
Of all her marriages, the first was prob
ably the happiest for Mrs. Duncan. About
MRS. DR. FRANKLIN T. DUNCAN.
years ago she was married to M.
Grantlt, a merchant of this city, young,
• a good family. For one
• irs the couple lived pleasantly
ther, but alter a time quarrels arose,
■| h< husband charged his wife with lead
i gay a life, while she on her
cused him ni p
too much attention to other women.
Wh'-tiior the I - hnro
• ■■ of truth Is of
no c<>: Suffice it to say that a
divorce followed. Subsequently both hue
.-,n<l wife remarried, and. strai
gay, the husbar.l Is now divorced from his
second wife, i iving permitted her t"
have the custody of a little daughter.
After having bi en divorced from h»r
firm husband Mrs. Grantit became Mrs.
George liurnett. Burnett is the son of
<;eorge W. Burnett, the pioneer druggist
of this city, who un;'i recently had con
ducted a pharmacy on Montgomery street
since the time when th. water came up to
that thoroughfare. lie s now established
on Turk street and is reputed to be a
millionaire.
For nearly four years Mr and Mrs. Bur
nett lived happily, and a iltue daughter
•was born to them. Then Dr. Duncan came
into Mrs. Burnett's life. lie was a friend
of the husband and had been called in to
attend Mrs. Burnett for a slight ailment.
H" was a young man of polished man
ners, suave and of good appear, nee. He
had but recently graduated fron, college,
and at once paid Mrs. Burnett marked at
tention. Burnett was called away on a
business trip to Los Angeles, and inuring
.sence, as was subsequently brought
out at the trial for divorce, the y> ung
physician practically lived at the Bun ett
hr>me.
The result has already been told. Mr;.
Burnett once more ventured upon tho
troublous sea of matrimony, changing her
to Duncan. That was less than a
ago. and again Is she. alone. Her
husband for two weeks past has refused
to live with her. Accusations of a very
Berious nature have been made on both
sides, and the probabilities are that an
suit for divorce wil! shortly be com
menced.
I>r. Duncan is In this city and his wife
Is enjoying herself at Congress Springs.
))r. I'uncan wi'l probabiy be best remem
bered in this cltv as the former proprietor
of tho pharmacy at 119-121 Ellis street.
Lecture on the Philippine.
Sergeant Andreae and Private Reeves,
late of the United States Volunteer Slg
i al Corps at Manila, gave an extremely
eating lecture last night at Temple
I 'all 117 Turk street. The hall was fairly
filled with interested listeners, and
applauded the lecturers from time
to time during the discourse. The lecture,
which was entitled "Truths From the
Philippines," was Illustrated by special se
lections from 1000 original views taken by
mt Andreae and Private Reeves on
ing line.
A Minnesota man captured a king
fißher when the bird was quite young,
and made a p«'t of him, and trained
t ho bird to capture fish and lay them at
his master's feet. In summer the bird
is taken to the river, where fish are
known to abound, and set at liberty.
The bird poises high in the air, and,
suddenly droppinp, grasps his victim
arid promptly delivers the fish to his
laaeter.
NEW ORCHESTRA
TO BE FORMED
FOR THE FALL
HermanGenss Chosen
Conductor.
GRAND OPERA AT THE TIVOLI
LOCAL ARTISTS AND AMATEURS
GO EAST SOON.
Rhys Thomas About to Join the
Castle Square Company — Holiday
Services at the Synagogues
Next Month.
In th* musical world It Is abov© all the
presentation of "Fidelio" that demands
particular attention, not so much because
of the quality of the performance as on
account of the enterprise and ambition
that Inspired the management of the
Tivoli to present a work that would other
wise remain In obscurity as far as San
Francisco is concerned. Max Hirschfeld
deserves no small amount of credit for
the prominent part he has taken in bring
ing about this result, and the music lovers
of this city owe the Tivoli management a
deep debt of gratitude in enabling them
t.> listen to Beethoven's masterpiece. That
it was a very creditable performance no
one who heard it will deny, and Mary
Linck particularly is entitled to praise. Of
course, the orchestra, having the lion's
share of the responsibility, must also re
ceive the lion's share of the praise to be
distributed.
"11 Trovatore" brought back Miss Ella
Prossnitz, who labored under great dis
advantages when first appearing in
"Alda," inasmuch as she was afflicted
with a severe cold. Throughout the past
week this able vocalist demonstrated the
fact that she is not only a well-schooled
artist who employs an ideal method, but
that she possesses a dramatic soprano of
unusual range and intense dramatic
timbre. As st.ited before, the lady, be-
Bides possessing well developed artistic
accomplishments, is an actress of consid
erable dramatic temperament, which en
dows her performance with a spirit and
dash that make it truly enjoyable. This
week will bring the ever-delightful doable
• •ill. 'Cavalleria Ruatlcana" and "i Pag
llacci." The latter w..rk especially be
comes more interesting the longer we lis
ten to it. ;m<] with Salassa as Tonio it
will be doubly enjoyable.
The friends oi Rhys Thomas will, no
doubt, feel gratified to hear that h>- has
been engaged, as tenor for tin Castie
iquare opera Company i:<xt season at
Chicago. Jt seems that he has not yet
1 lost any of his prestige as an operatic
■singer. With him will go Miss Bernlce
Hoimes, who has been often heard to ad
vantage at tho TivolJ Opera-house.
Another California artist who Is about
to win laurels in tho Bast is .Miss Hilda
Newman of Oakland, whose ability as a
pianist has been acknowledged by all who
have heard her and are competent to
. judge. She will act at the same tim<* as
! accompanist to the Xew York Ladies' Trio
i and will tour this coast with the organi
zation some time next fall.
Among those who will go abroad to
Study this fall is Frank Coffin, the popular
tenor. He, together with Robert Blen
another well-known vocalist, will leave
, for London In a few months. After hay
! ing studied there for some time they will
; go to Paris, where they expect to com
| plete their studies. The friends of Mr.
< orfln are thinking of arranging a benefit
i concert for him ere his departure.
S. H. Frledlander has concluded ar
rangements with the Oilmore marine
1 ba " d - wh 'ch is said to be superior to thai
of bousa, by which this organization w ; ll
give a series of concerts here in Novem
; ber.
S.,me of the members of tho old Phil
harmonic orchestra are hard at work re
organizing this aide body of musicians
! Mr. Genss has been approached in the
matter of accepting the leadership, and
there seems to be every reason to believe
that the new organization is assured. A
I <tter man than Genss could hardly be
f».und here, especially since Bcheel will be
busy with the Symphony orchestra.
Ji-nry Holmes has organized a string
Quartet, consisting of Henry Holmes, first
violin: Hother Wlsmcr, second violin: Ar
| mand Solomon, viola; Louis Hattenbach
I 'cello. The latter will arrive from Mcl
i bourne in a few weeks, and expects to
| give a concert soon after his arrival. He
is a graduate from the Leipsio Conserva
tory of Music.
Inasmucji as the Jewish holidays are ap
proaching, the various choirs are prepar
ing some elaborate musical services. Tem
-1 pie Emanu-El is oven arranging for a
! special service composed by Cantor Stark,
, who is a most conscientious musician and
a talented composer. Taylor-street syna
gogue, whop* Mr. Davis officiates and
Frank Coffin's splendid tenor is hoard,
1 will also b<? tlie scene of an ambitious
musical service.
Mr. and Mrs. dc Pasquall, who have re
cently appeared h<?re in opera, returned to
| Chicago yesterday. They have been en
gago6 by Scalchi for her operatic com
pany next season, and may visit this coast
I early next spring.
Miss Grace Carroll, one of Oakland's
■ most prominent musi. inns and a contralto
| of much depth and ,ntensity, will leave
■ for New York next month, where she ex
' pects to complete her studios. Miss Car
] roll is inspired by the praiseworthy desire
to confine her studies to America, and not
imitate the unwarranted fad of studying
abroad. Considering the many opportuni
ties presented to our students in this
country, there is no reason to go to Ku
rope. ALFRED METZGER.
THE SAN FRATs CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20. 1899.
PROFESSOR MIEHLING COWERS
BEFORE A SHRIMP OF AN ACTOR
GEORGE MIEHLING, the Her
cules of the Olympic Club, ap
pears to be going back. In his
career on the mat he has thrown
almost everything from five aces
to a Terrible Swede, which makes it all
the more difficult for his friends to under
stand the ease with wnich he has been
downed during the wet-K by a shrimp of
an actor at the California Theater. It
can only be accounted for on the ground
that Miehling is not familiar with the
rules of wrestling laid down by Shakes
peare.
FAST TIME AT SARATOGA.
Blue Devil, Swiftmas and The Bach
elor Lower Track Records.
SARATOGA, N. V.. Aug. 19.— This was
a great day for the Saratoga track. Two
of its records were broken and one
equaled. Blue Devil won the opening
sprint of five furlongs in 1:00%, which has
stood since iv:. Swiftmas, in the third
event, won the mile and a sixteenth in
1:47, a half-second better than The Ken
tuckian did it last •nth, while The
Bachelor captured the fourth event, one
and three-eighths miles, in 2:26%, a second
better than the record here. Result.--.
Five furlongs — BltK Devil won. Sardine sec-
I ond, L'Aloaette third. Time l:0OV4.
j Five and a half furlongs — Cleora won. Toddy
second. Gulden third. Time. 1:07%. Lieutenant
Gibson finished third, but was disqualified.
Citizens' and Merchants' stakes, mile and a
sixteenth — Swiftmas won, Kinnikinnlc second,
May Hempstead third. Time, 1:47.
Mile and three-eighths — The i;ach«>lor won,
Adolph Spreckels second, Han will third. Time,
2:20%.
Mile and a sixteenth — Belle of Troy won,
Meddlesome second, Miss Patron third. Time,
1:45%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 19.— Harry Duke, a strong
second choice, won the principal event of the
day at the Fair Grounds, the autumn selling
stake for all ages, valued at $1500. Seven
horses faced the starter, with Headwater a
favorite throughout the betting. The horses
made a poor start, with Montgomery and Duke
in the lead. Duke soon wen' ahead and show
ed the way throughout to the wire, winning by
two lengths from Montgomery, with Gibraltar
third. Capron and I 'ist r were the only win
ning favorites. Track fast. Results:
Selling, mile and a EUdorpha won.
American Eagle second, Glengaber third. Time,
2:10.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Judge Steadman
won, Eitholin second. Basquil third. Time,
1:56.
Handicap, two-year-olds, five and a half fur
longs—Capron won, Sidbow second. Miss Mac
Day third. Time, 1:09.
Handicap, six furlongs— Diser won, Dlggs
second, Sallnda third. Time, 1:15.
Autumn selling stakes for all ages, value
$1500, six and a half furlongs— Harry Duke won
I Montgomery second, Gibraltar third. Time'
1:21.
One mile— lda Ledford won. Alice Turner sec
ond, Ferroll third. Time, 1:41%;
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Pinochle
won. Bam Lazarus second, Ed Farrell third
Time, 1:49%.
; CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Ten thousand persons
1 witnessed the windup of Hawthorne's two
weeks' meeting. In the second race Our Gertie
ran six furlongs in 1:12%. May Beach and
I Benneville set a heart-breaking pace, running
; the half-mile in :47',A and five-eighths in :.'.;> 1-;,.
Then Our Gertie came . with a. rush and won
HOPELESSLY CRIPPLED
BY A FILIPINO BULLET
JOHN W. SLADE was the only mem
ber of the First California Regiment
who lost a limb in service. He went
away to the land of the wily Filipino
1 sound and hopeful with his comrades and
! to-day he is in this city helpless and with
', out funds for necessary surgical treat
ment. Others of his regiment died on the
battle-field, and some who still live have
felt the sting of the Mauser bullet, but
i John is a hopeless cripple for life, hav
ing had one leg removed on February 6,
after it had been shattered by a pellet
from a brass Remington in the hands of
ian enemy. It has been recently discove
! ered that the amputation, which was per
formed In the United States hospital at
San Pedro Macatl, was a bungling job
and that in order to save the life of the
soldier the knife must again be applied.
For this purpose a grand benefit will be
given at the Alhambra Theater on Sep
tember 2, for which volunteer talent is
solicited.
John W. Slade was a waiter in the Pal
! ace Hotel when the first martial rumble
sounded over the land. On June 5, 1898,
j he gave up his position and became a. sol
! dier. Through his influence eleven other
members of the Pacific Coast Waiters'
Association did likewise. He participated
in the principal battles of the war and. in
February fell after having distinguished
himself as a fighter. His left leg was
taken off below the knee and he was
brought back to this city. Shortly after
his arrival it was discovered that another
I amputation would be necessary to pre
serve his' life, as the surgeons at San Pe
' dro had failed In their operation. Mem
bers of the Pacific Coast Waiters' Asso
ciation have undertaken the grand enter-
I tainment referred to. the proceeds, of
which will be given to their unfortunate
companion. Any one disposed to donate
( services may confer with E. R. -Moss,
manager, at room 209, Emma Sprockets
building. The benefit will be elaborate
and a snug little sum will probably be
I netted by it. R. Porter Ashe called yes
; terday at the rooms of the committee hav
ing the benefit in charge and purchased
j the first box, paying $20 for.it.
— — . — . — ■
" 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' never gets
j stale." Any novelty this year?" "Yes;
| when Eliza escapes across the river she
does a cakewalk on the — Chicago
News.
In "As You Like It," as every one
knows, one of the characters is
"Charles," the Duke'? wrestler, who has
a reputation bespangled with the medals
offered by the Hermann Oelrichs of that
day. He is the whole thing and some to
spare. The practice now followed by
heavyweight pugilists or offering coin to
such young fellows as can stand before
them was instituted by him. Up till the
time "Orlando" showed on the second
scene, "Charles" was it.
Now, when T. Daniel Prawley and
Blanche Bates cast about for one worthy
of taking the part of Charles, their
eyes rested on George Miehling, the San
dow of San Francisco. When they ap
proached him with the offer of an engage
ment he shied like a soubrette at a small
bottle. They coaxed and offered all sorts
of inducements until Miehling announced
that if it was not for the length of the
speaking part, he would tackle the job.
To T. Daniel and Miss Bates the rest was
easy.
"We'll cut it out," they said, "and they
did, from the "Godmorrow to your wor
ship," where Charles makes his first ap
pearance to the "so God keep your wor
ship," where he makes his first exit.
"Oliver" did ull the talking necessary,
while "Charles" Miehling struck some
Post street attitudes and thought he
thought. In the second scene, where it
was absolutely necessary for him to talk
and wrestle, it was arranged that he
should pose on the "prompt" side, where
the few necessary packages of words
could be shut to him irom the wings.
All being ready "Orlando" was trotted
on in the person of Alfred Hickman.
Peeled for the bout, the young actor ap
peared no match for the Samson to whom
he was soon to be opposed. He was so
badly handicapped that one dramatic
cricket has publicly announced that he
won tier sympathy from the start. Poor
fellow!
"Orlando," despite tils physical.inferior
ity, appeared as confident as if facing a
picture machine. He exchanged bon mots
with the members of the ducal party, not
forgetting "Charles." Of course "Charles"
had to reply. He started, stuck out hia
eyea and moved his lips. No sound issued
fnan between. His tongue could not
utter what his memory did not hold. At
th>- crucial moment Miehling had forgot
ten his lines. Donnerwettcri
A muttered growl came from the wings
to liis ears.
"Make a motion with your arm as if you
were ordering zwei beers and say: 'Come;
where is this young gallant that is so de
sirou? to lie with his motiier earth?' "
Miehling's right described a graceful cir
cle and he repeated the line; the Duke
and "Orlando" filled In a few more, by
which time the prompter had recharged
"Charles" with his last utterance on the
boards. Then time was called for the
bout.
The sympathies of the dramatic crickets
and the deep feeling of revenge that pos
sessed "Orlando" against the Duke, whose
cruelty was soon to compel Blanche Bates
to wander around In cherry-colored tights
in .i primeval for st. lent power to his
muscles and cunning to his wrist. H3
cross-but tocked, backhanded and back
easily. The steeplechase was exciting. My !
Valentine catching Chenler at the last jump ■
and beatinj? him In a hard drive. Gypceiver I
bolted when he seemed to be winning. weather
clear: track fast. -suits:
Six furlongs, selling:— Miss Stanton won. !
Clarence T second, Duty third. Time, 1:14%.
Six furlongs— Our Gertie won, I'enneville sec
ond, May Beach third. Time, 1:12%.
Six furlong sellme;— Cheesemite won. Brown
Dick second. Edith Klein third. Time, 1:14%.
Steeplechase, full course, handicap — My Val
entine won, Chenler second, Clifton LJ third.
Time, 4:2f>>i.
One and a half miles, — Harry Nutter
won, Fatherland second, Croesus third. Time,
2:33%.
One mile, selling— Mysto won, Florlzar sec
ond. Clara Woolsey third. Time, I:4lV*.
nrrrilOlT, Aug. 19.— The Michigan stake at
a. mile and a quarter and '•worth $1000 was the
feature of to-day's racing at Highland Park.
The race went to Ed Moore's Rena Campbell,
with Oak Maid second and Topgallant third.
King Carnival, the only other starter, ran out
on every turn and was beaten a quarter of a
mile. The hurdle race was a chapter of acci
dents, three of the six starters coming to grief.
Weather clear. Track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, maiden three-year-olds and
upward— Saille J won. Interferer second. Satin
wood third. Time, 1:29.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds, selling — lizzie
McCarthy won, J. Lucille second. Talma third.
Time, 1:01%.
Mile and a quarter, the Michigan stakes,
$1000 Rena Campbell won. Oak Maid second.
Topgallant third. Time. 2:08.
Six furlongs, all ages— Corlalls won, Aurea
second, Beguile third. Time. 1:13V4.
Six furlongs, selling — Mekarnls won. Juan
etta second, By George third. Time, 1:14%:
Six furlongs, selling— Urulare won. Eleanor j
Holmes second, Annie Lauretta third. Time,
1:14.
Mile and a quarter, selling, five hurdles —
Bellamy won, Nobills second. Old Tar third.
Time. 2:27.
Letah S Takes the Trot.
GLENS FALLS, N. V.. Aug. I!>.-The
closing event of the grand circuit was the
unfinished 2:19 trot, which was run off to
day. Letah s, selling at even money
against the field, won handily in the fust
heat trotted, she having had two heats
to her credit when darkness postponed 'h ■
finish last nißht. This closed the most
BUCCes&ful nn-et of any ever held here. The
weather was perfect and the track fast
throughout. Results:
Finish of 2:\'.i trot, purpo $l.">oo— Lotah S
won third, fourth and fifth heats. Time
Lii,. 2:11%, 2:11%. Jadt l> won Beconri
heal m 2:12)6 and was second; Pollard
Wilkes won first heat In 2:12' 2 and was
third. Excel. Oakley, EflDarte Hex, in
tact. Pixie and Hartwell also Btarted.
Swimmin? Record Lowered.
I PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 19.-At th(
JOHN W. SLADE.
heeled Miehling. throwing him at last
clear out of the play. Great beads of per
spiration dropped from his brow as he
bowed to the audience while "Charles"
was carried off on a stretcher by super
annuated supes.
Miehling has since been telling his
friends that he had to lose to let the play
proceed.
"Say," he remarked yesterday to De
Witt Van Court, "don't you know de hull
show rests on me? If I wuz to trow dat
guy de play would stop. I couldn't take
his place, sure."
championship races of the Atlantic Swim
ming Association in the Schuylkill River
at Lafayette, above this city, to-day E. S.
Schaffer of New Fork broke the American
record for 220 yards, swimming the dis
tance in 2 minutes 45 seconds, the previous
record being 2:57, held by D. M. Reeder of
Chicago.
COOPER'S GAME RIDE.
Wins the Mile Professional Event at
Manhattan Beach.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Tom Cooper in
creased his lead for the National Cycling
Association championship by winning the
mile professional race at Manhattan
Beach this afternoon. It was a race that
brought the spectators in the grand stand
to their feet, cheering until the very
building shook. Of the twenty-four start
ers the slower ones had been weeded out
in preliminary heats, and the fliers— Kiser,
Cooper, Sims, Kimble and Stevens — lined
up at last for the final struggle.
A pacemaker was put in to carry them
three laps, and they followed him at a
merry clip, with Stevens leading. Cooper,
Klser, Kimble and Sims following in the
order named. Toward .end Kimbie
ran high up on the bank, and as he came
down the slope he shot past the others
like the wind. Before they knew what
had happened he was twenty yards ahead.
Cooper started out to overhaul him, and
Kiser clung desperately to Cooper's rear
wheel. At the last turn Cooper came
alongside, and Kiser started his famous
lope in the sprint down the home-stretch.
Inch by inch be drew up on Cooper, who
had sprinted without pace for a quarter
of a mile, but he began too late, and Coop
er flashed across the tape a winner by
two feet, with Kiser second, Kimble third,
Stevens fourth and Sims fifth. |
Their standing in the championship ta
ble at presnt is: Cooper 39, Kiser 20, Kim
ble 20, Stevens 18. Summary:
Manhattan handicap, two miles, profes
sional—Won by B. H. Kiser, 30 yards;
Bob Walthour, 30 yards, second; J. T.
Fisher, 30 yards, third. Time, 4:30 2-5.
One-mile professional championship-
Won by Tom Cooper of Detroit; Earl
Kiser, Dayton, second; Owen Kimble,
Louisville, third; Orlando Stevens, Ottum
wa, fourth; Fred Sims, Washington, fifth.
Time, 2:06 4-5.
•
DAVIS IN GREAT FORM.
Harvard Tennis Expert Easily De
feats Kreigh Collins.
NEWPORT, H. L, Aug. lit.— The interest
in the national lawn tennis tournament to
day cent. red in the semi-final m&tchec.
The contest between tho Westerner,
Kreigh Collins, and Dwight Davis, the
Harvard player, proved a surprise even to
admirers of the Harvard man, for he
fairly ran away with his opponent in tho
first two sets. His smashing was terrific
and left Collins little chance to save him
self. The Western ex-champion pulled
out four games in the first set, -but the
second ended 6—l in favor of Davis. Tlie
third set developed into a fierce and long
struggle. Davis kept up his smashing tac
tics with a speed that seemed to bewilder
his opponent. Collins scored, however,
and for the iirst time in the match seemed
to gauge Davis' play. Deuces resulted,
but Davis started in with renewed force
and won >> — ti.
The Paret-Ware match furnished ex
citing sport. The first was a deuce set.
resulting in favor of Paret 7—5. The sec
ond went to Paret &— 2. In the third sel
Ware made a better showing than in the
preceding. Paret won 6 — 4. This will
bring Davis and Paret together in tho
finals.
In the semi-final round of the consola
tion singles Little defeated Budlong, fr— 3,
10 — 8. Summary;
Championship BLogles, srmi-final round — J. P.
Paret beat Loo K. \\.u-. 7-6, 6-2, G-4.
D. F. Davis beat K. GolUnß, K-4, 6-1. 8-6.
Consolation singles, somi-tinal round— S. D.
Little beat C. H. limllong, 6-3, 10-8.
ANOTHER CHANCE FOR McCOY.
Opportunity to Redeem Himself With
Jack McCormack.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Kid McCoy and
Jack McCormack are to meet again in the
ring. It is indefinite just when the fight
will take place, but unless a 20-round bout
is arranged in the East the men will meet
here for six rounds on September S. Mc-
Coy said to-day:
"Th*> blow that sent me to the floor last
night was an acddi :H. as is acknowledged
by every one and by McCormack himself.
Still, it is the chance of such things that
every boxer must guard against, and I
was beaten fairly."
Tommy Ryan failed to keep his appoint
ment to-day to arrange a match between
himself and McCoy. He is reported to
have said that the outcome of last night's
fight had so injured McCoy's drawing
power that a match between them would
not draw $500. McCoy posted $1000 to bind
a match with Ryan.
Carpenters for the Shamrock.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 19.-A batch of
picked, carpenters from the shipyard of
William Fife Jr., the designer "of the
America's cup challenger Shamrock, will
sail from this port for New York to-day
on board the Cunard liner Etruria. They |
will assist in the final work of putting the ,
Shamrock into racing trim.
American Jockeys to the Fore. .
. LONDON, Aug. 19.— The Lenten Firs
selling plate was won by Lord William !
Beresford's Solano. ridden by "Skeets" j
Martin, the American jockey. Begelly
was second and Hartsholm finished third i
in a field of twelve horses. The Robin i
Hood plate was won by Richard Croker's
SaJina. L. Reiff up. and - Lord William
I Beresford's Blast, Martin riding, was sec
c«id. Nine horses ran.
■■ . m . • I
A RECORD-BREAKING BASS.
Cemmissioner Vogelsang Lands a
Fine Prize Near Oakland.
To Alex Vogelsang, president of the
State Game and Fish Commission, is due
the credit of landing the largest striped
bass with a light tackle. He made his
record-breaking catch on Friday in the
Oakland estuary, and when the bass was
weighed it was found to turn the scales
at twenty-five pounds. While it may be
true that one or two fish weighing a
pound or so more than Vogelsang's prize
have been taken in these waters, none
have been taken under conditions that
would let them enter into a record com
petition. The larger of the Jish have been
caught on huge lines that would hold a
shark and v>ith poles that cduld be made
to serve as flagstaffs. Vogelsang's outfit
was one that has seen service for steel
head catching and was rated as one of the
I smallest that that sport would permit of.
Vogelsang and Al Wilson went to the
fishing grounds late in the day, and for a
time they were fearful that they were
doomed to be "skunked" so far as getting
I any lish was concerned. At last the Com
missioner felt a bite, and he struck quick
and strong. The next moment he be-
I lieved that he had hooked a small whale,
and the line went spinning out for nearly
seventy-five yards, while the pole seemed
ready to Dreak. The victim on the end of
the -line fought stubbornly for nearly
! twenty minutes and was only landed when
I exhausted. The prize was on exhibition
yesterday at tiie rooms of the commis
sion. ___^^______
CROWDS WILL COME
FROM ALL SECTIONS
Reports from all sections of the State
indicate. that on the day of the reception
| celebration San Francisco will be called
upon to 'entertain 1 the 'greatest concourse
oi people ever assembled here. .
Sacramento will be represented by at
least two militia companies, two or more
societies and a band, besides a bit; ner
j centage of her population. Company, G
of the Second Infantry and Troop B of
cavalry will attend in force. Both coun
cils of the Young Men's Institute in
Sacramento have received invitations
from the San Francisco councils to at
i tend and have determined to accept.
Stockton will be well represented at the
! reception to be tendered the First Call-'
' forma. Among the fraternal organiza
tions the Woodmen of the World have led
the way. At their lodge meeting last
night a committee was appointed to rep- j
resent the lodge and other orders will fol- j
low suit. Companies A and B will make a j
strong effort tb turn out.
That Stockton will send a tremendous ;
crowd to the reception there is no doubt.
The steamboat companies are already
making plans to handle a heavy business, I
while the railroad company already
notes an increased passenger traffic. » r
Vallejo will not participate to any great
extent in the welcome to the returning
volunteers as a city, owine to the fact
that she is in the midst of preparations
for the reception and entertainment of the
I officers and men of the Boston upon her
arrival. However, a large delegation of
the Foresters of America will represent
Vallejo in the parade in San Francisco.
Santa Cruz will be' well represented at
the home-coming of the California volun
teers by Mayor Lamb and a large delega
tion of citizens. Interest' here in regard
to the home-coming is great, as many
Santa Cruz boys are in the service of their
I country not in the California volunteers
i but most of them in the navy.
Redwood City will turn out en masse
upon the soldiers' return.
While no official action has yet been
taken in Sacramento in the way of recog
nition of the home-coming of the Califor-
I nia volunteers, it is certain that the cele
! bration in San Francisco will draw thou
sands of people from that city and sec
tion of the State.
Santa Rosa will without doubt be well
! represented at the celebration. As to
! whether or not the city will be officially
represented it is impossible yet to say.
The people of San Jose are going to do
their snare in welcoming home the heroes
of the First California Regiment, and. sev
eral thousand residents will come to San
Francisco at that time. There are quite a
number of San Jose boys in the regiment, I
and these will be particularly looked
after.
The members of Sea Point Parlor No.
15S, Native Sons of the Golden West, of
Bausalito have about completed arrange
ments under the direction of William
Hannon, to participate in the welcome
extended the California volunteers on
their return home, and expect to be quite
a feature in the grand street parade in
j San Francisco. The parlor will be es
| corted to the metropolis by Richardson's
■ band.
While the people of Los Angeles will not
Irate locally the return of the Califor
nia volunteers from the Philippines, a del
egation of at least forty prominent citi
zens will leave for this city on Tuesday.
| The principal organizations to be repre-
I sented and the names of their respective
representatives are as follows: Chamber
of Commerce, E. F. C. Klokke. O. T. John- !
son and General C. C. Allen: Board of '■
Trade, Fred L. Baker, Max Meyberg. J
J. Bergin. Max Goldschmidt arid J. C. Me- |
Keeby; Merchants' and Manufactures' As
sociation, H. W. Frank, D. W. Kirkland,
J. W. Hutchison, Byron Erkenbrecher, C.
Laux and F. J. Zeehandelar; war board,
J. R. Xewberry. John F. Francis and J. O.
Koepfli: First Brigade, N. G. C. Captain 1
C. M. Baker and Major J. H. Dockweiler.
The Chamber of Commerce and the
Hundred Thousand Club, Fresno, leading
commercial organizations, will be among
the visitors from that city to greet the
returning volunteers. There is some talk
of establishing Fresno headquarters in
San Francisco on the date of the cele
bration.
■♦ ■ .
Didn't Want Any Preface.
The mother of a little Boston boy, visit
ing friends on Capitol Hill, rounded the
kid up when he appeared for breakfast
the other morning . ■ ■
"Wendall," she said to him, "you will
recall that, upon the second evening- of
our arrival . here, I forbade you reading
Herbert Spencer and Huxley at night by
the light of the pas in the room set aside
for you, on account of the heating prop
erties of the illuminating fluid. You have
disobeyed me, and I am about to punish
you. I am very sorry to have to — "
"I beg of you to eliminate the preamble,"
replied the kid. "Punitive measures in
flicted conversationally create a distinct
sense of fatigue within me. At any rate
I pray you to reserve your' didactic dis
course until after the application of the
birch."
Then the slipper fell, and. the kid bawled
almost like something human.
— — — ■ — ' ■ m ■ .
"Tell the gentleman that he's very Im
patient. I sent word to him only three
quarters of an hour ago that I should be
down directly."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER: READ MY FREE OFFER
v^Zlilf"^^ Wise Words to Sufferers
i^!^ l<: i\ From a Woman of Kotre Dame Ind.
iW^^^^^^l^^^VlN \ X will mail « free of an y char this Home Treat-
Ml/llll^^slS^ptea&^^^^i'jWi V \ ment with full instructions and the history of my own
MMii'llSM -%= ■mP§§=2§^J»\ | \ case to any lady suffering from female trouble. You
mffllii>i; ll : ''- : MS&* \^^SaH\| ill can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
■ HW'<'7<'aßrar «»* : i/i \'A\ P h y sicia;l - It will ccst you nothing to give the
cllli/jlW' II tr . eatmPnt a trial, and if you decide to continue it
' IHT : '/''iiHL 'Ik"-' tfiW/™!]"'' 11 only c ? st - you about twelve cents a week.
llilSi 7ilfi'l ! 'V^*flr^'' (S^WsW- B^*. l' If lt wi " not interf ere with your work or occupation.
Mw///1 V I liV'agL^l VfHHKi ? i\wk I 1 have nothing: to sell. Tell other sufferers of itr—
' Wl/l v ' §P**™^* /--aPIfS/ that is all I ask. It cures all, young- or old.
vfflw jiwfijplP^'** •^'<J flsssLvVW ffl f "S3" If you feel a bearing--down sensation, sense of
wa^^- =*2=lB^ ' jsSbmP' Mr impending- evil, pain in the back or bowels, creeping-
/ fr/jBjSSE££O% Wfif9T JSr feeling 1 up the spine, a desire to cry frequently, hot
\i^?%OT/Bfc§§i§B? WtwW jF flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
*%My///;, i ""._ ■~ z^ r • /.'M^ f • have Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling-
A. r ~ : £§' #' '^al^^ °* t * ie Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
J ' Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
'■ '.'-^*+*mJ2m^^^ NOTRE DAME, IND., U.S.A., for the Free
Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides ' myself have ' cured themselves with it. I send it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
j effectually cures Leucorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young- ladies.
j It will save you anxiety and expense and save your daughter the humiliation of explaining her
i troubles toothers. ' Plumpness and health always result from its use. ,
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause dis-
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS/M. SUnriERS. Box 34, Notre Dame, Ind., U.S.A.
MORE RECRUITS
FOR REGIMENTS
OF VOLUNTEERS
Three Hundred and
Fifty Arrive.
WILL BE HURRIED TO MANILA
OREGON VOLUNTEER DIES AT
THE HOSPITAL.
Frank Lewis, a San Francisco Boy,
Arrested, Charged With Being
a Deserter From the Regu
lar Army.
The thousands of volunteers, regulars
and "rookies" in barracks and in camp
at the Presidio Reservation have been aug
mented by the arrival of 350 recruits for
the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh vol
unteer regiments now being organized in
Manila. They arrived at the Presidio Fri
day night in charge of Captain Wtesef
and Lieutenant Wilke of the Seventh Ar
tillery, Second Lieutenants Wing, Davis
and Toncray of the Thirty-sixth Infantry
and Lieutenants O'Brien and Mclntyre of
the Thirty-sevtnth Infantry, and Acting
Assistant Surgeon Noble. Captain "Wisser
and Lieutenant Wilke will at once return
to their stations in the East.
The recruits for the volunteer regi
ments, together with those enlisted in the
regular service now at the Presidio, num
ber nearly 1600 men, but a good portion
of these will soon leave for Manila on tha
transports.
The Pennsylvania volunteers will oe
mustered out Tuesday and will leave for
home on a special train at 'J o'clock tha
same evening. But very tew of the dis
charged volunteers frum the Keystone
State will remain in San Francisco.
On Wednesday the Nebraska regiment
will be mustered out and depart tor th<3
East, leaving the Coloradoans the only
volunteers in camp until the arrival of tno
First California a few days later.
Major General Shafter has accepted tha
invitation of the Native Sons and Daugh
ters to be present with his staff at the
night parade following the arrival of tae
First California volunteers.
Charles B. Hotchkiss, private. Company
G, Second Oregon volunteers, died at the
Presidio General Hospital at 11:50 yester
day morning of phthisis pulmonalis. The
remains will probably be sent to Oregon
lor interment.
Colonel Greenleaf, medical inspector of
the army, has gone to Puget Sound.
Two twelve-inch guns on disappearing
carriages have been invoiced for Fort
Baker. Three eight-inch rifles for the bat
tery opposite the Presidio cemetery have
also arrived. The work of mounting these
and the twelve-inch ritie at Fort Poinc
goes on somewhat slowly, owing to the
occasional loss of some of the smuil
pieces. The guns come in 1000 pieces, and
the loss of even one small bolt causes de
lay, as it has to be replaced directly from
the factory. .
Frank Lewis, a San Francisco boy, was
arrested yesterday for deserting from th^
Ninth Infantry, in which he enlisted thrte
weeks ago. He claims to have forgotti ;i
all about the circumstances of his enlist
ment and stands a good show of .being
sent to Alcatraz for a feriod to brush up
hia memory.
The following orders were issued from
headquarters yesterday:
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. H. Mitnick,
D S. A., is asssigm-d to and will report
for temporary duty at the United State 3
General Hospital, Presidio of San Fran
cisco, awaiting transportation to the Phil
ippine Islands.
Captain Daniel B. Devore, Twenty-third
Infantry, now at tKe Presidio of San
Francisco, is assigned to duty as quarter
master and commissary on the transport
City of Puebla during the voyage of that
vessel to the Philippine islands. He will
take up his quarters on the ship and re
port to the depot quartermaster and pur
chasing commissary in this city for in
structions.
Acting Assistant Surgeon T. H. Landor,
T T . S. A., is relieved from temporary duty
at the United States General Hospital,
Presidio of San Francisco, and will with
out delay proceed to Seattle, reporting
upon arrival to Captain W. W. Robinson
Jr., assistant quartermaster, for assign
ment to duty on one of the transports
sailing from that point for the Philippino
Islands.
Second Lieutenant William E. Mould,
Sixteenth Infantry, will proceed to tho
Presidio of Pan Francisco and report to
the commanding officer of that post for
temporary duty with recruits awaiting
transportation to the Philippine Islands.
First Lieutenant Edgar F. Koehler,
Ninth Infantry, is assigned to duty as
quartermaster and commissary of tho
transport City of Sydney during the voy
age of that vessel to the Philippine Isl
•ind<=.
Tho following named, now at the general
hospital, have been ordered discharged
by reason of "services •no longer re
quired": Corporal Robert J. lOllehpr and
Private Ira S. Fowle. Thirteenth Mlnne
■Ota; Privates Grorgo. D. Raymond. Wil
liam Hardcaptle and John F. King of tho
First Montana, and Artificer John Ken
nedy of the Twentieth Kansas.
WILL SING FOR THE
RECEPTION FUND
Amonp the many features of the pri-
Sramme for the soldiers' reception fund
benefits at the Alhambra Theater on
Wednesday and Thursday eveninps next
will be a minstrel first part, In which l»0
people will appear. It will be under the
direction of 'William Hynes and Bob
Mitchell will be the principal end man.
Among the singers will be the Alumni
Glee Clubs of the California and Stanford
Universities, the Knickerbocker Double
Quartet and McKenzle's musical society,
consisting of forty madrigal boys and
girls.
Others m the entertainment will be the
Filipino band, acrobats and jugglers: Pro
fessor Conradi and his electrical dancing
girls, their first appearance here: Carmen
Guereta. the famous Italian prima donna;
Miss Balthis, the California whistler: little
Maudie, the clever child artist; Charles
Reynolds, magician; Miss Long of the Pa
cific Coast Conservatory of Music and
Lornee C. Heilbron, a skilled club-swinger.
Popular prices will prevail, and the sal«
of seats will commence at the Alhambra
Theater Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
1314
King Solomon's Lodge.
Latt Monday night King Solomon's Lodge
which meets In Franklin Hall, received a
visit • ' Worthy Grand Master P.
M. Angellotti, and the occasion was made
ties, !•• t". In his honor
L. P. Marais, past
.... . who to-day leaves
worthy matron of
ter of the Eastern
n extended stay in the city of
; uslness Bessi i
• ■.• hich i aptain
Whin toastmaster, on
l.ehalt • C the li <Jge presented Mr. Marais
a mag Id water, and chain In ap
ird In which he
is held • . th< mexnl era. He was also pre
: master's jewel. There were
toasts, the prln
bj R< \ J. yoorsanger,
• tei things said: "In pre
;-, nting the 1 to Brother
• the people of
know that we made a first-class
Calif ' a Frenchman.
Order Eastern Star.
Last Monday night there wen present
In the Masonic Hall in South Ban Fran
cisco a very large number of the mem
bers of the order, attracted there by the
announcomi>nt that a prominent member
of another order was to be; Initiated and
throe others wire to be admitted into Heu
lah Chapter. The prominent member was
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary of the
California Assembly of the Kebekahs.
who, together with the others, passed
through the very impressive ceremony of
the Eastern Star. 'i here was a collation
after the ceremony and a number of con
gratulatory speeches.
Last Thursday night Golden Gate Chap
ter excelled all its previous efforts In the
j»rt of decoration in the preparation of the
hall for the visit of the worthy grand ma
tron, Mrs Maria A. Pierce, to the mother
chapter. The committee on decoration
was Miss .Susie M. Willats, Mrs. W. H.
Duren, K. G. W. Moebus, Miss Louise
Stevenson; Miss M id Vv. rerwiUlger,
Mrs. Anna E. Chrlstensen. Miss Minnie
Jelllnick; Miss Kate Linnie, W. W. Col
lins and C. V. Humphrey, who converted
into a perfect Oriental palace the upper
hall in the Golden Gate Asylum by the
Judicious use of white lace with silver tin
sel, palms and ferns, roses and marguer
ites ami hundreds of red paper butter-
Jlies resting everywhere. The hall was
light. up with subdued lights and the
grand electric five-pointed star in the
east in the vari-colored lights of the or
der. The effect was one of the prettiest
that has ever been presented by a frater
nal organization In this city. During the
evening seven candidates were initiated,
the vocal and instrumental music appro
priate to the ceremony being furnished
by that sweet singer, Mrs. George L. Dar
ling, wife of the associate grand patron.
A pleasant feature of the meeting, aside
from the pleasure of the presence of the
visiting otlicial and of hearing her com
mend the worthy matron. Mrs. Ada Roxy
Duncan, and her staff of officers, tor the
manner in which the work was performed,
was the presentation of ■■ past patron's
jewel to William S. Moses, who, with his
wife, founded the order In this State
thirty years apo. At the close of the
meeting nearly 330 persons partook of the
hospitality of Golden Gate at a banquet
served In the lower hall, which was also
tastefully decorated. Among the most
prominent members of the order present
were Past Most Worthy Grand Matron
Mrs. M, E. Partridge Past Grand Ma
trons Mrs. M. J. Young, Mrs. ]•;. M.
Owens, Mrs. Mary B. Moore, Past Grand
Patrons F. W. G. Moebus. J. N. Young,
J. li. Gray, J. B. Fuller, F L. Button, J.
B Merriti and II D. Howe and Associate
Grand Patron George L. Darling. There
were also representatives from all the lo
cal chapters and from many chapters In
the interior. Erich person present was the
recipient of a pretty souvenir.
Silver Star Chapter of Vallejo at its
meeting last night hud a number of visit
ors from chapter? In the vicinity, and a
very pleasant time was had.
The Odd Fellows.
Last Tu< sday night the grand ninet^r
paid an official \islt to Parker Lodge, and
an en mccl . the result.
• >v!'!> !i Gate Lodge was visited last
".iy nighi by ti.. Veteran Odd Fel
: . The:.- w::s a large num.
and \ Isitors present, and
isi|ors w. re Introduced by w. T. Gal
. During the evening there were ad
es i '. <;>-"ii.^ li Morrißon, the presl
■ dy; F. A. Week, th«>
\ lee ; Alera nder, P. G. M.,
and Samuel Willard, past grand master
of 1111 ■ grand Bei retary, past
■ ! past grand patriarch of
that State. Then was a good programme
i . the serving of a collation
and hments.
Helping 1 a Brother.
The following copy of a letter reroivpd
\ i . .' ■ ■. 85 of Los An
from Ambler City, Alaska, serves
to Illustrate what fraternity is and tv
what lengths Odd Fellows will got to as
. suffering brother:
Lcs Aneeles Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F., Los
Angeles, Cal.— Dear Sirs and Brother*: About
January 2G. 1893, some travelers on their way
down the Kubuck (or Kuwaok) Hlver reported
that an Odd Fellow was nick in distress on the
luk-tuk River, about eighty miles east
Of this place.
A relief committee was at once organized,
compos-cd of the following brothers lo
cated here: C. E. Patch. P. <; , Morning
1..L-ht No. 42. Cambles, Cal.: P. H. Milter,
lielta No. 42. L*conner, Wash. ; A. Vance,
Wuln obe Quln No 7031, Jamaica Plain. Mass.;
K. H. Black, P. G., I'nlty No. 121, Ban Fran
cisco, Cal.; O. M. Farwell. University No. 144,
Oakland, Cal.; W. J. Phillips, P. G., Farns
worth No. 95, San Francisco, Cal.; A. C. Gibbg.
Farnsworth No. 95, San Francisco, Cal. ; Henry
Knobel. P. G., Farnsworth No. 95, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
The committee elected Brother W. J. Phil
lips president and Brother H. Knobel secretary-
The case reported was that of Brother .1. J.
Muratt, P. G., of Los Angeles. Cal., who was
suffering with rheumatism and without medi
cine. The president appointed the following
committee to visit Brother Muratt and extend
to him such relief and assistance as was in
th«"ir power: Brother! Vance, Patch and Phil
lips.
The committee started from here February 1.
Can You Guess the Exact Time of the Arrival
of the California Volunteers.
HP SO YOU CAN WIN $50 AND ALSO HAVE THE HONOR OF DONATING
$50 TO THE GENERAL FUND OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
]T? BODY is on the tiptoe of expectancy as to the date of the arrival of the California vol-
fl, unteers. Can you guess the exact time, if not how near? To the person who guesses the near-
est to the exact time (day, liour, minute and second) the Sunday Call will give $100, one-half of.
which ($5O) goes to the lucky guesser and the other half ($5O) will be donated in the name of that
person to the general funds of tiie entertainment committee.
The Merchants' Exchange of this city will furnish the official record of the sighting of the
transport, and from that record the decision will be made.
The terms of the contest are: *f % .
All guesses must be made on a coupon cut from the Daily or Sunday Call.
Each person is allowed to fill out as many coupons as desired and they may be mailed each day
or all together, at the pleasure of the guesser.
No coupons zi'ill be received or entered into the contest that bear 1 postmark later than August 20.
Fill out this coupon and mail to Coupon Editor Sunday Call. . : .
4t / Guess That the Transport Sherman With the California Volunteers Will Be Sighted by the *
0 : Timekeeper of the Merchants' Exchange at: £
A
♦ Wonth. *Date . Jifour TJfinute . . . Second . . (t\) *
/| ' .;■<•;'»"*"■' * -v' y '"*'' ft
A ■// CtTTIQ •«•••••••«•••••••••...•«.....»....«•...••••«•••••••••••••• n
*
i Jtddross ....i. %
Send in Your Coupons!
This Is Positively Last Coupon on Guessing Contest
£atest fraternal Ifem.
1599. traveling on foot, of course, taking blan
kets and provisions on a sled, but owing: to
severe weather did not arrive at their destina
tion until February 6, at 5 p. m. The com
mittee returned February 16, and reprrted that
they had visited Brother J. J. Muratt. P. G." of
your lodge and found he had been suffering
from rheumatism and lumbago since Novem
ber 16, 1898, and was unable to turn In his bed.
The committee procured from Dr. 11. A. Gale
of the place suitable medicine and also fr*m
private sources, and furnished Brother Muratt
with the same. After remaining with him
three days and nights the committee left him
very much improved In health and spirits and
very hopeful and thankful. The committee
promised to render additional assistance If in
Its power. Brother Muratt will no doubt give
you further information himself, an there Is
a mall carrier on his way to St. Michael from
here stopping to-day, and we deemed It best
to take advantage of the opportunity to notify
your lodge that although your brother member
Is far from home and sick, he is still within
the reach of friends, who will do all In their
power to help him.
With best wishes to tl.e Odd Fellows of Cali
fornia and civilization In general, we remain
yours In F., L. nnd T.,
GENERAL. RELIEF COMMITTEE. I. O.
O. F., Ambler City, Alaska.
W. J. PHILLIPS. President.
H. KNOBEL, Secretary.
The Rebekahs.
To-morrow night the membership of
Loyal Rebekah Lodge No. 215 will give
a "straw social" to Its many friends, but
what that is to be, is only to be ascer
tained when those Invited present them
selves at the hall. The promise of the
entertainment committee is "a surprise
and a laugh." Eight of the young ladles
of the parlor will appear In fantastic
costumes."
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary of the
Assembly of California, a lady who Is a
very zealous worker for fraternity, has
been Initiated -a member of the order of
the Eastern Star.
Mrs. Josephine Brown, a trustee of the
Orphans' Home at Gilroy, the last of the
chart members of Templar Lodge No.
19, died last Wednesday after a short
Illness and her remains were consigned to
the grave on last Thursday.
All of the local lodges are busy at this
! time arranging for the golden jubilee cele
bration.
Under the direction of Mrs. Munnkay
IWurfird, chairman of the entertain)
1 committee of Templar I/odge. arrange
' ments are nearly completed for the enter
tainment that will be given by this lodge
In the latter part of September.
The Workmen.
Past Grand Master W. 11. Barnes has
accepted an invitation to deliver an ad
dress to San Benito Lodge at Holllster
next month.
■ The several lodges are arranging the
reception that the order will tender to the
Workmen soldiers who are with the re
turning volunteers.
The officers of Ivy Lodge, Degree of
Honor, are paying visits to the lodges of
Alameda County, Instructing them in
work of the order.
The members of Ivy Lodge are arrang-
Ing a cakewalk for the night of the 30th
i Inst.
The Native Sons.
: Grand Organizer Stelnbnch has been ex
ceedingly busy of late. The latest parlor
■ that he organized was one at Petaluma,
! which was recently instituted, and now
he Is 'it work reorganizing the parlor at
Hanford. The parlor at Lemoore has been
I induced to consolidate with the parlor v
Hanford, and the two will make a strong
body. This will shortly be instituted un
the name of Hanford Parlor.
Last week Past Grand President Mrs.
! Lena Hilke Mills and Grand President
! Mrs. Cora B. Sifford called on Grand Sec
retary Lunstedt and had yulte a conver
| sation on the subject of the part that the
Native Daughters will take In the recep
tion of the returning volunteers. A com-
I mittee of one appointed from each par
lor, said the grand president, will meet
to-morrow night to determine what Is to
be done.
The Native Daughters.
Last Wednesday night there was given
at the Native Daughters' Home In this
! city an entertainment under the auspices
of the membership of Qro FinO Parlor.
< The purpOße of the entertainment was to
; secure linen for the homt. and the result
\\;.s a very satisfactory one. There was
:i good attendance of members of th>: it
.ier, who in order to gain admission do
nated some article of linen that would be
serviceable to the home. An excellent
programme was presented.
Last week about thirty members of
Buena Vista Parlor paid a fraternal visit
to Piedmont Parlor In Oakland and a most
pleasant evening was spent.
Las 1/omas Parlor is making arrange
ments to take part in the grand reception
Ito the returning volunteers. It is probable
I that La Kstrella Parlor will also tike
: part.
The party in celebration of the anniver
sary of the institution of Orinda Parlor,
which had been Bet for the 22d inst,. h,is
been postponed until September on ac-
I tne nearness of the date to the
. xp. cted arrival of the California volun-
A new parlor is being organized in thi^j
City, and as soon as all the preliminaries
I can be arranged It will be instituted.
Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec is busy organiz
ing a new parlor for this city, and It is
likely that before long she will have the
honor of adding one more to the list.
Last Thursday night the members of
California Parlor No. 101, composed of a
\ number of the handsomest young ladies
! of the order in this City, gave an enter
' talnment and social In tne banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building which was a
! great success In every way. The hall was
j crowded. The entertainment, given
under the direction of Misses Lucille
! Frank, Martie McFarland. Lizzie Wrede.
Sophie Strauss, Tillie Iceman and Emma
Muller, the committee on social hour, was
interesting and pleasing, and the pro
■ gramme Of dances was well arranged.
Nothing was left undone that would tend
to make the evening a pleasant one.
Those who contributed to the pleasure of
.:: were: Professor Graber'B In
strumental clUb, George Crogan, William
J. Hynes, Miss Alta Dal ton, Richard
Hunt, George Green and Robert Marple.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
| comprising the Puritan trio, and the Don
ohue brothers.
Improved Order Red Men.
The California jurisdiction of thia order
| has twenty-five of Its members in the
volnteer service.
The team of Althomas Tribe at the last
held meeting of Pucahontas Tribe con
ferred the degree on nine candidates,
and at the next meeting will confer the
degree on several more candidates. It will
i also confer the warrior's degree on those
entitled to receive the same. This is the
team that won the prize during the re
cent session of the Great Council.
Manzanlta Tribe conferred the adoption
degree on four palefaces last W ednesday
All the tribes are reported as adding to
their membership at this time.
The new great chief of records, Porter
L. BUM, hnu arranged the reports of trie
recent Great Council and placed the same
j In the hands of the printer. It Is expect
ed that the printed proceedings will De
ready for distribution within two weeks.
White Eagle Tribe had a pleasant time
at an entertainment given on the Utn inst.
in Its wigwam In Maennerbund Hall.
George W. Lovie, F. A. Whlpple. oeorge
W. Collins and W. J. Smith, great repre
sentatives to the Great Council of the
I United States, will leave fur Washington,
I D. C. to be present at the kindling of the
council fire In that body on the 12th of
September. There they will meet the
r great representative, C. t. uurg
• man, who left last Tuesday for his new
' home in Florida.
Althomas Tribe has secured quarters in
B'nc. B'rith building.
The Druids.
Noble Grnnd Arch J. F. Martinonl and
Grand Secretary John M. Graves returned
a few days since from Humboldt County.
where they visited Far West Grove at
Femdale Americus Grove at Eureka and
Washington Grove at the same place, and
found all doing well. While on that trip
they were the guests of Dr. Michael and
w P. Dougherty, who escorted them. ln
and around the valley in which Ferndale
Is located, whlcji the officers say "is one
of the loveliest Spots in the State, covered
with grain, corn, clover, alfalfa, timothy
and other grasses, making it a splendid
place for stock and dairy products." At Far
West Grove tiny witnessed the conferring
of the second and third degrees on three
candidates, after which three member?
were reinstated and two applications were
received. In Americus Grove they wit
nessed work in the Initiatory degree.
The grove at Petalumn reports an In
crease In the membership. Magnolia
Grove at Loe Angeles also reports addi
tions to Its members.
Last Tuesday the officers named visited
the grove at Tomales. On Wednesday
they were with the membership of Fred
erick Sieg Grove at Occidental; on Thurs
day they went to Dante Grove at Dun
cans Mills; on Friday they visited Guer
neville and Ottavio Groves In Joint session
at Guernevllle, and Inst night they were
with Gulseppe Verdi Grove and Fitch
Grove, which met in Joint session In
Heaklshurg. To-morrow night they will
visit Petaluma and Cypress groves at
Petaluma. after which there will not be
any official visits until September 1.
Foresters of America.
The members of Court Defiance a few
evenings since enjoyed a smoker jinks
provided for them by Past Chief Ranger
A. Colman. The sire of th» jinks wa.s W.
i . Ford, who called upon many of those
present to contribute to the entertainment
of all. There were short and appropriate
addresses by the sire and M. Levy; BOngß
by Messrs. Franklin, Terry and Simpson;
recitation by Mr. Alexander, piano selec
tions by Mr. Levy and comic stories by a
number, who told old and new ones to
avoid the payment of a penalty. A light
collation and refreshments were serv. d
during the evening, as were also pipes
and tobacco and cigars.
Court Aurora is making arrangements
to celebrate its twenty-first anniversary
by a grand banquet. Grand Secretary
i only, who is a member of that court,
• . stmasti r. and in that ca
he Is a genuine host. Aurora is
the sec oini oldest court in the jurisdiction,
and it how has a membership of !"7.
All the sup;-, -me representatives are on
their way to the Supreme Court-, which is
to meet in Detroit. Mich., on the 22d Inst.
The grand officers will be called within
ten days to institute two new courts, one
in the northern and one in the southern
part Of the State.
Grand Chief Ranger Judge J. W. Hughes
of Bacrami ntd Is spending his vacation at
Campbells Springs, in Sierra County.
Live Oak Circle of the Companions of
the Forest will make a showing In the
parade with three carriages. Excelsior
Circle will do likewise.
Knights of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent at Its review on the
11th Inst. had a large number of sir
knights present, and these witnessed the
Introduction by initiation into the tent of
four strangers, the work being by the ef
ficient degree team. Nine applications
were presented.
Sir Knight George V. Leroi, one of the
mosi indefatigable workers for the tent,
has Instituted a division of the uniform
rank in his tent, with thirty-one members.
It will be known as San Francisco Divis
ion No. 3, and will be attached to the
Second Indiana Regiment The commis
sioned officers, who are to Bjerve for two
years are: Past captain. 11. 11. Castle;
captain. U. L. Tickner; lirst lieutenant,
George V. Lcroi; second lieutenant, Eld
win Bavery. The non-coms, are: T. J.
Harris, first sergeant; Fred Wastier Jr.,
second sergeant, and John H. Sampson,
bugler The elected officers, who ure to
serve for one year, are: Tlieo Frolich. D.
B Richards, finance keeper. This organi
zation is the first of the kind in ban
Francisco, and the third In the State.
Sentinels of the Universe.
Reports from the three councils In this
city show an increase in membership of
each.
Jefferson Council, located at the Mis
sion, gave an entertainment and dance
last week which was well attended, and
before "Home, Sweet Home" had been
played, thirty-three applications were
presented. -:-%-,
Reports from the State of Oregon are
encouraging, and the prospects for the
order, which has been In existence in the
State but seven months, are that before
the close of the year there will be COOO
name*, on the roll.
Oakland, expects to double Its member
ship during the current month. This coun
cil will give an entertainment in a short
time.
The Junior Order.
On the evening of the 10th lnst. Abra
ham Lincoln Council entertained those
members of the order who are in the
Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment; U. S. V.,
at a reception in the Council Hall. There
was an interesting programme of reci
tations, music, songs and story of the
battle-field. Interesting recollections of
life In the Philippines were given by
Lieutenants Thompson and Howell, past
councilors of Pennsylvania, and Ser
geant Gee also had ' something to say '•
about the city of Manila and surround
ings.
Zaeh T. Whltten read an interesting
letter from his son, who is now return
ing with the First California. In this the
writer gave graphic pen pictures of the
condition of affairs at Negros at the time
of the. writing, shortly before the Cali
fornia Volunteers embarked for home.
Past Stato Councilor M. H. Bellinger
and State Treasurer George Montell re
sponded to calls and spoke feelingly of the
work of the volunteers. During the even
ing three applications were received and
one member applied to be reinstated.
The committee having charge, of the re
ception of the- members who are in the
returning California Volunteers has con
cluded its preliminary labors. The re
turning men will be given a banquet.
The National Council of the order has
recently adopted a life insurance feature.
The details of the. plan will be received in
this city in a few days.
Koyal Arcanum.
A new council of the Order of Royal Ar
canum, called Palm, was recently insti
tuted at Los Angeles by Grand Regent
Chappel.
Argonaut Council at Its last held meet
ing Initiated two candidates, elected three
strangers, was entertained by a number
of visitors from the Bast and also by
Grand Vice Regent Spencer.
A new council is to be Instituted in Oak
land and another In Solano County.
Last Monday T. A. Parrisb Instituted a
new council at Angels, in the State of
Washington, with thirty-five charter
members.
B'ne B'rith.
Ophlr Lodge No. 21, the mother lodge of
the Independent Order of B'ne B'rith, was
forty-four years old last Wednesday |
night, and the event was marked by aj
very interesting meeting, at which there
were present a large number of the mem
bers and not a few specially Invited
guests. The committee on entertainment,
consisting of William Saalburg, M. Kal
muk, S. H. Simon, H. Lazansky and .Max
Lewis, at the close of the meeting invited
all to a banquet given in a near-by res
taurant. Aiter the menu had been dis
cussed there was a well arranged pro
gramme of toasts and responses. Tho i
principal speakers of the evening wero |
Lucius Solomon, Rev. M. S. Levy, Rev. ;
J. NietO and Grand Secretary Aschheim. j
Letters of regret were read from Rev. J.
Yooraanger and J. Ureenebaum. the patri
arch of the order on tins coast. The nes
tor of the order, D. A. dAncona. enter
talned the assemblage with interesting
reminiscences.
The committee on intellectual advance
ment has made arrangenit nts for an open j
meeting in the near future, when Rev.
Mr. Levy will deliver an illustrated lec
ture on Hawaii, a place he recently vis
ited.
It Is expected that the grand president
will be in this city to address a joint meet
ing of the local lodges on the llth of 'Jcp- j
tember, but there is a possibility that the
address may be postponed to October, a*
the date name is v< r£ close to the Jewish
holidays, and it is possible that the grand !
president would prefer ro be in his home |
in Portland. <>r.. during that period.
THE COMMON PRESS GALLERY.
Accounts of Its Work. History and
Occupants by the Speaker of
the House.
The thirty-sixth anniversary dinner of the
Newspaper Press Fund was held recently
at the Whitehall Hnoma, Hotel Metropole,
The Speaker, the Right Hon. William
Court (Jully, presided.
The loyal toasts having been honored,
the chairman proposed "Prosperity to the
Newspaper Press Fund." He said that it
seemed to have been a common practice
in introducing that toast to begin with
some observation on the virtues, the vices
—if there were any— and the functions of
the press, if he abstained from this habit
it was partly because, he did not feel him
self to be a competent critic, and partly
because the press had quite recently re
ceived probably as much valuable advice
and criticism from persons more compe
tent than himself to pronounce on these
matters as it was able to digest at pres
ent. He imagined that he had been asked
tv take the chair on that occasion because
lie had the official control of the press gal
lery of the House of Commons, which he
understood was the origin and birthplace
of the Press Fund. Reviewing the history
of the press gallery, he said he would go
back to the days when Dr. Johnson com
pMS.il the speeches both for her Majesty's
Ministers ;u:d the Opposition, taking care,
as he observed, that "the Whig dogs did
not get the best of the argument."
That was not what would be called re
porting nowadays. Reporting did not, as
now understood, begin till the latter part
of the last century. He reflected a tth sat
isfaction that one of the Incidents which
brought about the change from the de
nial of the claim to report the debates to
tree reporting was the tragic incident that
one of his predecessors was burned in
effigy by a mob in the city of London in
\'~,Z in a riot which arose cut of the claim
by the House of Commons to arrest a per
son who had been printing their proceed
ings without their leave. It was said
that the blood of the martyrs was the
s"ed of the church, and he hoped he
might claim that from the ashes of a
Speaker had sprung the freedom of print-
Ing, which waa treasured as much as the
right of debate itself. The House came
to the sensible, conclusion that It was a
benefit to the House, as It was to the pub
lic that, Instead of being 111, furtively and
sometimes maliciously reported, Its pro
ceedings should be openly and truthfully
reported. As far as his researches had
gone, however, the first trace he could
find of the history of the reporter's gal
lery was in 1878, when evidence was given
before a committee of the House of Com
mons by a gentleman whom many present
would remember, Mr. Ross of the Tlmea
and he said that his recollection went
back fifty-eight years, to the year 1820.
In the old House of Commons the ac
commodation which the reporter received
said Mr. Ross was in the back bench in
the Strangers' Gallery, with his head
three feet from the celling, in a wretched
atmosphere, with all the strangers talk-
Ing, and In sight of on^j r two-thirds of
the House. That was reporting under
difficulties. There waa no desk to rest
a notebook on. In that way they con
tinued to report until the House was
burned down in 1534. Mr. Charles Dickens
waa president at the second annual ban
quet of the fund In 1865. and in his ad
dress he gave experiences in that old
gallery, in which he reported from 1831
to 1835. That Included the exciting times
of the first Reform bill, and he said he
well remembered how he wore out his
trouser knees writing with his notebook
on them on that old back bench, thus
confirming what Mr. Ross had said. Just
as the independence of reporting waa
ushered In by the burning of a Speaker,
so the burning of the House of Com
mons brought reporters another benefit.
There was provided for the first time a
reporters' gallery, with actually a desk
or a slab In front on which reporters
could place their books. That was
thought to be a great convenience, and
so it was. When the present House came
to be occupied everybody seemed satis
fied. From that time there had been but
one alteration.
In 1878. after inquiry, an effort was
made to give accommodation which
should Include the provincial press, and
as a result some portion of the side gal
leries was given to the press, and many
provincial papers were admitted. At the
present time thore were directly repre
sented in the press galleries about twenty
London dally papers and about thirty
provincial papers, and the total number
of Journalists having the entry to the
gallery was about 240. As the represen
tative of the House of Commons, he
claimed that the House was now up to
date In this matter. He appreciated the
ImDortance of trivlntf accommodation to
the press and to best of its ability it had
done bo, for it considered ihat the pro
vision of proper accommodation for the
press was an important and vital part of
its duties. Speaking of the Newspaper
Press Fund, he said it was an Institution
of the most valuable kind. He appealed
for general support and liberality on Its
behalf. The profession of the press was
of an extremely arduous and precarious
character. It was one in which there
were few great prizes, and there were
comparatively few members who made
substantial savings. It was carried on
under conditions which were ofter injur
ious to health. It involved a great and
continuous strain.
It often involved irregular hours and
irregular meals, bad air "and fatigue, and j
other things; which exposed even the ]
most careful to illness and breakdown. \
It was the object of the Props Fund to
give that help \jhlch waa needed in such '
cases. All agreed that the press was al- i
most as necessary to them nowadays us I
were food and clothing. In a civilized j
country we could not pot on without it. |
and they In England, who were accus
tomed to a press conducted under hon
orable traditions, would not be happy If I
they thought the press was miserable
and degraded or if it were not carried ;
on by jrentlemen in the spirit of gentle
men. The Press Fund had every claim,
both for lta past history and its useful
ness, to the support of the public. It de- j
rived a substantial Income from the i
members of the fund, and In thirty-six '
years, in spite of having disbursed large :
sums for the support of Its members, it ]
has accumulated a considerable amount '
of capital, from which a substantial in- |
come was drawn.
TOWN HOSPITALS
As Necessary to Public Welfare as
Schools and Libraries.
"Scarce a village is too small for public
buildings for education, for the adminis
tration of tho law, for religious instruc- i
tlon and for amusements; but how imuv/ \
are the towns that can show a hospital 0 '
asks Helen C. Candee, in the Woman's
Home Companion, writing of "The Need
Of Town Hospitals," and telling how to
start one. "Mutters are very fell for the
Bfck In comfortable homes, where the in
valid is given a room, is nursed by the
most efficient member of the family, and
attended by the best physicians. But how
Is it with the ignorant poor who live in ,
crowded cottages, whose attendants know
nbthlng of hygiene, and who wait too
long before eeekins the sersices of a
doctor, dreading the expense thereof.
These are the people whom it Is a delight
Ito help, and whom the hospital most
benefits. There is, however, a growing
Inclination on the part of well-to-do peo- !
pie to seek hospital treatment fur sur
gery and certain kinds of illness. This
makes it advisable to fit up one or two pri
vate rooms for such patients as wish to ;
occupy them. Patients of this kind may
and generally do provide their own pri
vate nurse, but in addition pay generously
and are a welcome source of income to a
hospital. It Is reckoned that 20 per cf>nt
Of tno expenditures are to be gained from
patients, for the hospital can be free only i
to those who are absolutely unable to pay. !
The remainder must be raised, and this is
Where the fpollng of public spirit blfntls
With the feeling of universal brotherhood,
and the hospital will come to bo supported
because the town Is proud of It.
"There Is one more point in favor of the
hospital In small towns— lta benefit to
the physicians. Althoivgh their services ;
are free to the institution— except in tho
case of patients in private rooms, who |
are able to pay for treatment— they ar© I
helped by enlarged experience, and by as
soclatlon with the famous doctors who
1 from time to time are called from large
cities for an operation or a consulta
| tion."
COMPULSORY CREMATION.
Measure That Is Now Pending in the
British Parliament.
In England the idea of making crema- !
tion compulsory is being earnestly pressed
with a view of cheapening the cost of the i
disposal of dead bodies and upon the
higher ground of sanitation. A bill in
Parliament looking to this end has passed
the committee and the first reading, with
an amendment that causes It to apply
only to certain largo cities and to defined
conditions of society in them.
It is twenty-five years since the first
organization "was made In Great Britain
to establish a crematorium. It took six
years to get one built, and it was four
years before an incineration took place; |
but from the date of its lirst use, that Is j
to say. fifteen years ago, the number of
incinerations has Increased rapidly, so |
that several thousand bodies were cre
mated last year. Aside from the senti
mental phase of the matter, one of tho
most potent obstructions thrown in the
way of the society that promoted the
plans wns that cremation could be used I
to destroy the evidence of crime. This j
objection was met by the society assum- j
Ing the obligation to Investigate the con- ,
ditions of death In the case of every body)
for which application for incineration
should be mnde. Thr prejudices were
finally overcome, as may be seen by the
fact that the proposed legislation includes '■
a provision that in the whole kingdom
cremation should be obligatory in cases j
where death Is duo to transmissible dis
eases, as smallpox, scnrlet fever and
tuberculosis. The measure Is meeting no
considerable opposition, and the bill will
probably pass. This is meeting the ques- j
tlons involved in a wise and broad spirit.— ;
Philadelphia Times.
PRETTY WOMAN
Was Selling Chances on a Live
Chicken — A Parisian Game.
While I was sitting in Victor's I waa
made the victim of the most unique con
fidence game I encountered during my
journey. A tall woman In black camo In
at the front door and approached me, her
alding her Intentions by a winning smile.
(In Europe If any one smiles at you get
ready to spend money). This woman car
ried a live chicken in one hand, and In tho
other was a black cloth bag with a puck
ering string at the top. She paused in
front of me and exhibited the chicken, at
tho same time making some sort of appeal
to me in French.
I called to the waiter and asked him to
! translate the lady's remarks. She paid
' she was sluing "chances" on the chicken.
In the black bag were certain small en
velopes costing two BOUfl (.2 cents) each,
One of these envelopes contained the
ticket which won the fowl.
I told him that I was a stranger, merely
passing through town, and I didn't believe
that I could find any use for a live
chicken.
He suggested that I might take It back
to America with me as a souvenir of
Marseilles. I told him there was a high
duty on chickens. TJien he Bald that the
woman was poor and had to support two
children, ana her only way of making a
living was to raffle this same chicken for
a year or two. Also I noticed that the
fefcthers were worn off Its legs.
The waiter suggested that even if I took
a few chances there wouldn't be any great
danger of my winning the chicken. Ac
cepting this assurance, I bought three
tickets, all of which were blank. The
woman In black thanked me with much
cordiality and went her way. If she had
come to me and begged for six sous I
I would have despised her, but as the ln
! ventress of a new swindling game I shall
always hold her In the highest esteem.—
i Letter in Chicago Record.
■ » ■ :
One Who Wrote Books of Travel.
"I used to know a man," said a New
Orleans Bohemian, "who made a living
writing stories of travel for boys. Ho
: hud never been out of Missouri in his life,
but he was famous for the graphic fidelity
| of his descriptions of foreign lands. His
i reference library consisted of exactly
I three works— an encyclopedia, a set of
United States consular reports, covering
four or live years, and a copy of Wood's
'Natural History. If the scene of the
! story was to be laid, for instance, in Bor
j neo, he would begin by 'reading the JJor-
I neo article in the encyclopedia; then he
would turn to the consular reports and
look up all the odd and interesting mat
ters he could find touching that particular
island, and finally he would get a descrip
tion of Its animals from Wood's. Ha
wrote at an old table on which was glued
a map of the world, covered with a sheet
of glass. This was constantly before his
eyes, so he couldn't go astray on geog
raphy, and, as I said before, his descrip
tions were marvels of accuracy. He could
draw a better and more realistic pen pic
ture of foreign countries than travelers
themselves. People thought that he had
been a great globe trotter, and crazy as
it sounds. I believe he actually got to
thinking so himself. The last time I saw
him he talked about Afghanistan in tho
easy off-hand vein of a personal observer.
I If I hadn't happened to know that he had
been living in St. Louis all his life I would
have pworn he had been there." New Or
leans Times-Democrat. :
■ ; ■ ■ ♦ » ■
1 Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
» ♦ »
. Britain holds the honor of having
first formed societies for. the preven
tion of cruelty to animals, and of hav
i ing .first" legislated for punishment to
i offenders.
ia^J-
w^'-^*^^^^^^^^
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column -will send you circu-
lars giving full information regarding special advantages, rates, man-
ner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
;' - "Pass of the Oaks"— !;
\i\ twenty-five miles from •]
| ocean— where the beau- }
] tiful Salinas Valley runs
i]! into the foothills. Moun-
\\\ tain ozone makes health-
V ful atmosphere for the
h sick.
i Paso Robles
! for Health.
\ Numerous cottages are
!; dotted about grounds
/ where invalids and con-
i valescents in calm re- ( i
!> pose recover their wont- /
h ed health. <[
I OTTO E. NEVER. Prop., City Office, j
;i Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market St. <!
. -rv ._ r ,_ ro -^- tJ - u - >^..-i
JETNA SPRINGS..
No fog nor mosquitoes, but
sunshine, bracing air and
• mineral waters that banish
rheumatism and bladder and
kidney troubles.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
I lena at 7a. m. or 4p. m. : private rig to
I springs: round trip, $7. ; Apply W. L. MITCH-
; KM,. Aetna Springs, Napa Co.. or J. H. SIMP-
SON. I. O. O. F. building. San Franct>co.
W I Vendome.
■ // In San Jose is the start-
i_ J| Ing point for visitors to |
Er* LICK OBSERVATORY. 3
F It is one. of the most celebrated Tg
I fashionable resorts on the coast. 1
■ §end for little book that tells all
| about the great Observatory. ■
ISI GEO. P. SNELL, M&r., g
n| Ban Jose, Cal. jjj
■
niinOlAA HOT SPXIING9. — Thla
Un kill IV 1 I beautiful summer and
rHllUllill winter resort, now
I nilnlVW owned and managed by
DR. J. PEHRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of hip guests, whether tick or well. Is situated
150 mile* south of Ban Francisco, In the Coast
Ranr« Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
i fogs. Soda, nulphur and Iron springs. Hot
1 plunee and tank baths; delightful ground?:
I comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; pood
I hunting and fishing: grand scenery; lovely
! walks nnd drives. Special rates to families oc-
I cupying entire cottages, or Invalids cr others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
i from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
I (Pullman to Boledad. thence seven miles by
' stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRATTLT, M.D., Pa-
| raiso Springs, or city office. 836 Butter St., S. F.
Byron Hot Springs
RHEUMATISM
Cured by the H°t Mineral Baths.
There Is Nothing Like Them Known.
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
call on LOMfIARD & CO.. agents, room
30. 22H, Oeary st. -"•'■•
PLANTATION MOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZ.ADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more: prand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seavlew. Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., 8. F.. for
particulars.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnolia spring*; bat A*.
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to 111. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal.
r1 DI 1 11 Most beautiful spot In Lake
VAKL JDAU . county. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
110 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer bunting. Write W. R. McQOVERN,
Carlsbad, Lake County.
6AMUPL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS, PROP.. NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
j rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
! baths. These springs are located In Napa
1 County, tO miles east of St. Helena. The water
! Is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
I natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
ißeswick. Slskiyou County. Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class: renovated throughout: lovely sur-
roundings: new management. JOHN NEVILL.
Proprietor.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
i reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special rates for
lamilles. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE, SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT;
none better In Lake Co.; gas indoors and
i out. H. WAMBOLD.
JOHANMSBERG,
FAMILY UKSQRT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
j Veeder, JIOO feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to ClO per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO j
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal. i
BLUE LAKES MOTEL ''-.'■
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET, I
homelike manner, with one of the best I
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 £0. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. t WILSON, Bertha. Laka
County. Cal. ' ,
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
Hi Hours' Ride From Lob Angeles. CmL
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
■Write for Information about Catallna's won«
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and ra«l angling. Fishing tournament Mar I
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Kates. Best Oolf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
A SONS, Agents. (21 Market St., Baa Fran-
cisco.
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and assured de!
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms, Etc.
Reduced Summer Kates now In Effect. ■
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., 8. F.
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMfINC RETREATS
SWEET BRIKR CAMP. CRAO VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAO.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For farther Information, illustrated foldern.
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 61 J Market at. (Grand
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 44 HOURS
from San Francisco and but t miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues: beat
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning ami
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only IS 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:Ji>
a. m. or J:3O p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a.
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, isssw
Up In trje mountains, near the
laKes and in the bean of Lal^e
County's mineral belt. TaKe
' train via Uklah-
ROUND TRIP $9.50.
J. MARTENS, Prop.— City Office, 416 Pine Street
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON. FOR THE PAST FIVE
• years at Paraiso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager.
Bath? and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach.
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
dally 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
lntr. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, *In the heart of th«
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because It Is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pur« air ' and pure water. Address MR3
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake. -
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OTVW FOR THE SEASON APRIL I AM-
pie accommodations In hotel; also In new
cottages. Just completed,
MRS. f\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERB.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. Q.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLET-A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY, Proprietor. ; ; . ; .
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT^SSSS
Ing spot rest, health; perfect atmosphere: train
to Martlnaz. stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking:
good rooms: J6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZfANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or i
rooms with board: good accommodations at
Mantnnlta Villa. - ■
...DO WOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation. . :/
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting u»
country, seaside or springs during: the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam»
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
._ _■ ■ ...terms... ;';?;u>tv&
15 Cents per Week
Bo Cents peP Month
POSTAGE PREPAIPI OF THE I ]
VV BAY CITIES JJ
ARCH BUNKOER
ARLINGTON, ONCE
DENTIST BROWN
Convicted by a Jury
in Ten Minutes.
HE MAY GET LIFE SENTENCE
REPORT OF ATTEMPT TO BRIBE
ACCUSER'S HUSBAND.
Dramatic End of Sensational Trial of
the Aged Lothario Who Deceived
and Robbed Scores of
Women.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
Arthur Arlington, the gay deceiver of
scores of unsuspecting women, was once
more convicted of grand larceny to-day
by a jury In Judg-e Hall's court. It took
but ten minutes for the jury to decide
that the story related by Mrs. M. M
Bmith, the prosecuting witness, charging
the aged Lothario with stealing her purse,
containing $214, at Blair Park on the after
noon of April 14 last, was gospel truth, and
Arlington's narrative of how he had spent
the night of the same day at the Rich
mond House in San Francisco with his
fair accuser was a base fabrication.
The case went to the jury- late In the
afternoon. But one ballot was taken, and
the announcement of the verdict did not
appear to 4' sconcert t -he aged Lothario
one whit. Sentence will be pronounced
come day next week, and in view of the
two priors he can not get less than ten
years, and the court may impose life sen
tence.
The case has been one of the most sen
pational of its kind ever tried in this coun
ty, and the most extreme care was taken
rron that might prove fatal on
t.
Deputy District Attorney George Sam
uels conducted the case for the prosecu
.md while he was assisted by F. W.
3'ry as special counsel for Mrs. Smith, to
- credit particularly duo for the
of a man whom few women
: In court to stand upon
honor. In his eloquent argument be
the jury thi^ afternoon Prosecutor
lUded Mrs. Smith's courage for
g to risk the notoriety her accusa
aould necessarily bring with it, and
referring to the man who not only robbed,
So by word of mouth attempted to
y her character, Attorney Samuels
a description from ■•Faust": "He
B face like a benediction, and so well
the bla wicked villainy with his
■ . manly, fatherly appearance that
a "saint while phiying with the
devil." Major McElrath had compared
Arlington with Victor Hugo's great char
acter, Jean Valjean, but Mr. Samuel? rent
omparison asunder until only shat
and ridiculous remembrances re
d. In his closing remarks the young
prosecutor dramatically turned, facing the
prisoner, and auoting from Hamlet
"Tremble, thou wretch; tlmu hast in
indlvulged crimes unwhipped of jus
•
The courtroom was crowded, and a mur
mur of approbation was the only element
that broke the silence that followed Sam
rrlble arraignment of the man who
!>;•.;- broken so many women's hearts, and
atally broken into their pui
ii though the case has been disposed
of now. new Bensations spring up in its
wake and one of these is a startling
tnent made by Mrs. Smith. Arling
accuser, from which it would appear
Arlington attempted also to make a
,; , : Ni rman Smith, whom Mrs.
Smith is now suing for a divorce. It will
membered that Mr. Smith arrived
from Wisconsin suddenly one day
that hewould bitterly fight
the divorce suit. A few days ago Smith
. tin for his home, and
Sirs. Smith declared that she "had
; roof that Arlington, either on
his own behalf or through an. agent, of
my husband $500 t<i come out here.
• Dciliation and take me off to
■ once, so as to prevent me tes
■ Arlington at this trial."
fn view <>f th* many aliases by which
Arlington has become known to the police
there has been much specula
is to his true Identity. Through a
• ed attorney of San Francisco,
• r at th" trial to-day, but who
My preferred that his name be with
it is learned that the true
of Arlington is Arthur Brown, and
) abri er who Is a prominent
meri ni In Washington
ipatlon befon he piled as
• i of women was that of
a dentist. He Is now over GO years of age,
end even ten years in San Quentln will
■ally m<\'in life Imprisonment.
wn iHLvJ flßf^ Baßr
\ You can read these prices?
'and decide their merits in?
ten minutes. \
The saving they offer on\
an ordinary sized grocery^
bill would save you a dol-
\ — a dollar for ten min-
utes. \
t Babbitt's Soap... 7 bars 25c
A Babbitt's is still the standard. A
i White Beans 12 lbs 25c
Lady Washington's— white and bright. i
Grape Nuts 2 pkgs 25c
r Moa, Tues, and Wed. ¥
N. Y. Cream Cheese.lb 15c
A Martins. Perfect table.
Rolled Wheat ....15 lbs 25c
White Sonora— Best Mills. k
New Crop Tea lb 30c J
W Breakfast. Uncolored, Garden "
Japan, Oolong.
! Cream of Maize lb 5c A
Cream of Maize lb sci
Delicious for many dishes. \
A Aslt for recipe book. f
HarlyßreakfastCoffee 12Jc
Most 25c not as good. A
' Royans Sardines 2 cans 2sc a
¥ ' Royans la Vatel with Truffles f
} Assorted Wafers.. lb 15c
A Lemon, chocolate, vanilla. 0
[ Pilot Bread 10 lbs 25ci
1 Extra Soda Crackers...
a) H box— 13 lbs. Extremely low price. A
{ Chicken Tamales 4 cans
9 Kapp <fc Streets'— 70a 1
9 EIGHT SAVING STORES: f
iwv.rWßt SP • 1311 Polk St. 8. F. 0
MISS EVA LUKENS
TO BECOME A BRIDE
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— Many hundred Invitations have been Issued for "
the wedding of Miss Eva Lukens to Dr. Francis R. Musser, at the ■'
home of the bride's parents, next Wednesday evening. Miss Eva '.
Lukens Is one of the best-known young ladies In Oakland society,
and has always been prominent at social functions for the past few
years. The bridge Is the only daughter of E. G. Lukens, who is known all
over the coast as president of large powder works. The family resides on
Jackson street and the beautiful home will be charmingly decorated to re
ceive the guests next "Wednesday evening. Dr. Musser Is a well-known"
Oakland physician. The honeymoon will Include a visit to the home of the
groom's mother In Munsey, a suburb of Philadelphia, she being too feeble
to attend the wedding. On their return Dr. and Mrs. Musser will reside
with the Lukens until the completion of a lovely home now In course of ■.
erection on the heights at Piedmont, and which will be the gift of the j
bride's father. *i
Miss Sadie Hale, daughter of Ex- Warden Hale of San Quentln, will be J
the bridesmaid. .;
KERR SAVED
THE "OWL" FROM
BEING WRECKED
Tender Left Track at
Dos Palos.
A RECORD FOR STOPPING
THREE HOURS DELAY CAUSED
BY THE ACCIDENT.
Although Going Sixty Miles an
Hour the Train Was Stopped
300 Feet After the Wheels
Left the Track.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. U».
Once again the "Owl" train has just
avoided a serious calamity. A little fright
among the passengers and a delay of
three hours is the sum total of the dam
ages. But had it not been for the coolnens
of the engineer inquests would have been
held in San Benito County to-day.
The derailing of the tender was the
cause of the accident. Engineer L. C.
Kerr, who is credited with being one cf
the coolest headed men on the Southern
Pacific, and one of the most nervy, was in
charge of the "Owl" when it left Fresno
yesterday morning for Oakland. Just
when the train reached the point where
nine days previously the Los Angeles ex
press had jumped the track and caused
the death of its engineer and tireman the
hoodoo appeared hovering over the "Owl."
The rear trucks of the tender jumped
the track for no apparent reason, and of
course the wreck ot the train was immi
nent. Engineer Kerr was instantly aware
of the fact that his tender • had gone
wrong but neither he nor his fireman
dreamed of jumping to save himself. Kerr
at once set the airbrakes, reversed the
. i gine and stopped his train within a dis
tance of 300 feet, which is considered
marvelous in view of the fact that it was
then going not less than sixty miles an
hour. It is said to be unprecedented in
the history of California railroading that
an engine with six heavy cars going ai
such a speed with a derailed tender could
be stopped so speedily and with no dam
age being done.
Word of the accident was sent to Men
dota, where an engine was sent out, arid
,'is there is a long sidetrack near Dos
Palos there was but little delay, and tie
"Owl" rame Into the Oakland pier just
three hours kite. An inspection of the
track and of the derailed tender failed to
give any Indication as to what might have
caused the accident, and the authorities
are entirely In the dark about it.
Objected to Relatives' Presence.
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— The deposition of
Jjine Hodge, who Is suing John Nichols,
the aged capitalist, for heavy damages on
sin alleged breach of promise to marry
her .was to have been taken to-day. At
torney George W. Reed, for plaintiff, wnn
pr< sent and asked that the relatives of
the witness be excluded from the room.
Attorneys McKee and Mhoon, on behalf
of the defendant, refused to allow this,
however, so Jane Hodge's deposition was
not taken after all. The matter will now
be taken to the Superior Court
St. Francis de Sales' Picnic.
O\KLANT). Aug. 19- The annual parish
picMc of St. Francis do Pales will be hold
on Thursday, August 31. at El Camno.
I- or this occasion a special steamer will
leave 'he foot of Broadway and will con
nect v-ith th* steamer Uklah at San
Francii-^o. The parishioners of St Fran
cis are striving to make a record by sell
ing tick, ts and already several hundred
have beer: disposed of. This picnic is al
ways one of the most enjoyable of the
year.
Elaborate Will, but Small Estate.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— The will of Will
iam Holtz, who died in Alnrmda on the
Bth inst., was Bled for probate to-day by
the widow, Augusta Holtz. to whom the
entire estate la bequeath. -d. The will is
dated December 15, 189s. Testator disposed
of all his real estate by deed prior' to
death, and the estate to be administered Is
given as less than $1000. The will Is' elab
orately drawn and profusely supplied with
red silk, tape and teals.
Prize-Fight Cases Dismissed.
OAKLAND, Aug. I l }.— Prosecuting Attor
ney Leach to-day moved to dismiss all the
cases remaining of the men charged with
being spectators at the prize light in the
hasi-ment on Broadway. Six juries had
brought In verdicts of not guilty, and on
this ground Judge Smith permitted the
dismissal of the rest of the cases. Judg
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
ment was suspended in the cases of those
who pleaded guilty.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
! OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— Edward A. Hodg
-1 kins, father of Chief of Police Hodgkins,
dird at the latter's home. 604 Telegraph
avenue, this morning. Deceased was over
To yeare of age and a member of Naval
; Lodge, F. and A. M., of Vallejo.
Robert Kuerzel filed suit to-day in Jus
tice Stetson's court against the Southern
Pacific Company to recover $150 damages
sustained by reason of one of defendant's
trains crashing into plaintiff's wagon a
year ago last month.
In the suit of William J. Dingee against
Dorothee Wittorf. M. H. Eastman et als.,
brought to recover moneys duo on a prom
issory note, the defendant Eastman filed
answer to-day, admitting that he indorsed
the note, but with the specific understand
ing that no recourse was to be had against
htm, which fact was written across the
back of the note.
The Southern Pacific Company, through
its attorney, A. A. Moore, to-day filed a
j demurrer to the complaint of R. E. Parr,
! wherein the latter seeks $2u,000 damages
for permanent injuries sustained in the
Alameda narrow gauge wreck last winter,
wherein Engineer Jonas and Fireman Col
son lost their lives. The demurrer points
out that the complaint does not state in
what manner the train was thrown off
the track, nor does it specify the nature
of plaintiffs injuries.
Walter Burns, a Pullman palace car
porter, nearly succeeded in committing
suicide this morning at his home, corner
of Third and Market streets, by cutting
i his throat and wrists with a shoemaker's
. knife. Other members of the household
I discovered Burns In his sad plight and
'. hustled him off to the Receiving Hospital,
where his wounds were dressed and hi 9
life saved. Imaginary troubles prompted
the rash act.
Just about closing time this afternoon
County Clerk Jordan issued a marriage
license to George Washington Shouse,
aged 22 years, and Christine J. Speckman,
aged 20. Both are residents of San Fran
cisco.
■ ♦ «
LAUNDRY ORDINANCE
DECLARED INVALID
BERKELEY, Aug. 19.— 1n the case of
the People vs. Ah Foon, which came to a
conclusion this morning. Judge Edgar
handed down a decision holding the or
dinance passed by the Board of Trustees
last March prohibiting the erection of a
laundry house within 3uo feet of a resi
dence invalid.
The ordinance was passed upon the re
quest of several residents in view of the
many Chinese laundries which were being
erected in the residence portion of the
town. Property owners made use of the
measure recently to prevent the erection
of a Congregational Chinese mission wash
house in Dwight way.
Judge Edgar's decision now removes the
legal bar to the promiscuous building of
the kind of houses which it was the in
tention of the ordinance to prevent. The
property owners in question expect to car
ry their point by insisting upon a more
rigid observance of the municipal sanitary
regulations.
Graduates as Teachers.
BERKELEY, Aug. 19.— The appointment
secretary of the University of California
has announced the following appointments
of graduates as -teachers: Arthur G.
Aiken, commercial course, Petaluma High
School; Charles E. Keys, superintendent
of grammar schools, Riverside; Miss May
Haworth, physics and mathematics, Men
docino City High School; Miss Katherine
Crusoe, natural science. Riverside High
School.
Sues for a Heavy Fee,
BERKELEY, Aug. 19.— Dr. George B.
Hoagland has filed a suit against Harry
M. Pitman for medical services rendered
between March 2 and April 28 of this year.
The sum asked for Is $492 50. In his com
plaint Dr. Hoagland sets forth that he
has so far received no compensation, and
that the amount petitioned for is not ex
cessive. _
Ne-ai Church to Be Dedicated.
BERKELEY, Aug. 19.— T0-morrow af
ternoon the congregation of the Friends'
Church will dedicate their new church
building on Haste street, near Shattuck
avenue. The services will begin at 2:30
o'clock. Professor Andrew A. Mitchell of
Indiana has been secured to deliver the
address for the occasion.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 19.— The rifles used
by the cadet battalions of the University
of California arrived this afternoon from
Benicia, where they were sent for safe
keeping during the summer holidays.
The Christian Endeavor societies of the
city have arranged to hold a reception
to the freshman class of the University
of California the evening of September 1.
E. H. Rubottom, one of this year's grad
uates of the University of California, has
Uft for Denver, Colo. He goes to fulfill
his appointment as second lieutenant in
the Ninth United States Cavalry.
Th>> executive committee of the Bereke
ley Republican Club met this evening in
I). J. Tobin's real estate office on Stanford
place, for the purpose of considering the
proposed constitution submitted at the
club'B last regular meeting.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
MRS, HOWARD'S
COMPARISON OF
HER MAJESTY
Not Quite so Queenly
as Mrs. Shields.
ROYALTY IS NOT INSPIRING
AN OAKLAND GIRL MEETS
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
Soon Convinces His Highness That
There Is Considerable Intellect
in Her Pretty American
Head.
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
Oakland women are not awed by roy
alty. Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard has re
turned from London, where she went for
the purpose of attending the International
Council of Women, though not as a dele
gate. She took with her letters of intro
duction from the leading Boards of Trade
In the State, and procured much valuable
information on the leading "woman's
questions" of the day.
Mrs. Howard witnessed the meeting of
Queen Victoria and the American dele
gates, and she speaks of it as a queen
receiving many queens. She says our rep
resentative women were not in any way
overawed by either the ruler of Great
Britain or other members of royalty, and
as for herself Mrs. Howard says she was
more Impressed by Mrs. Shields of Sacra
mento County, who Is one of the leading
agriculturists of California, than she waa
by her Britannic Majesty.
Mrs. Howard disapproves very strongly
of the plan now being carried out of cut
ting down, for the decoration of San
Francisco when the California volunteers
shall return, hundreds of small trees. She
says this is waste and worse than waste,
and is directly opposed to those principles
which have assisted in the upbuilding of
Great Britain.
Lady Beach Cunard, who was formerly
Miss Maude Burke of this city, figures in
an amusing anecdote just sent from Lon
don. She was asked to meet the Prince
of Wales at a dinner given by a very
smart hostess. On the day of the dinner
she met the lady at whose house she was
to dine, and ta her consternation she was
told that she would be seated by the side
of the Prince of Wales. The Oakland girl
begged for another position, telling her
hostess that she would be too frightened,
too agitated, to do herself Justice. The
hostess would not be turned from her in
tention, and when all were seated she
introduced Lady Cunard to the Prince and
said: "Sir, next to you is Lady Cunard,
who begged me to nut her somewhere else
because she is afraid of you." Albert
Edward turned to the Oakland belle, who
was almost ready to sink under the table,
according to the London story, and
laughed heartily, making himself so
agreeable that the American upheld her
famr> of being one of the most charming
daughters from this country in English
society. Before the dinner was over his
Highness, the Prince of Wales, realized
that he was the intellectual Inferior of the
two.
THE ORDER FOR FLAGS
TO FLY AT HALF-MAST
Question to Be Finally Settled by the
City Council Next Monday
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
The stars and stripes is causing much
trouble at the City Hall. Yesterday, when
one of Oakland's most honored ex-Mayors
passed away, no flag could be found for
some time to hoist at half-mast, and
Mayor Snow adjusted the difficulty ter
n. porarily by hastening to a dry goods store
and borrowing a flag for the occasion.
When the Mayor came downtown he
was first led to inquire as to who was
dead by seeing the great flag on the lofty
Liberty pole at half-mast. On learning
who had passed away the Mayor inquired
who had given orders for the flag to be
lowered on the Liberty pole and also at
once ordered the flag hoisted over the City
Hall at half-mast, which he informed the
Police Department is the proper place for
showing respect to the memory of a de
parted citizen.
A few days ago the Council ordered the
Police Department to hoist the great flag
on the Liberty pole every fine day. It
has since been done, but yesterday, when
Officer Dave Swain and Jailer Phillips
performed the duty they learned of the
death of J. West Martin, and they only
hoisted it half way. Mayor Snow was not
pleased with this, and he has dtermined
that he will bring the matter before the
Council next Monday night, so that a
resolution can be passed making it im
possible for any further mistake and au
thorizing the Mayor to order public flags
at half-mast when he shall see fit.
The weakness of the old City Hall was
further demonstrated by the Incident, for
when the immense flag from the Liberty
pole had been brought over by the May
or's orders an attempt was made to hoist
lit over the City Hall. The strain on the
pole and on the ancient dome was too
much for the flag, even at half-mast, so
It was hauled down, and it was then that
the Mayor went Into a dry goods store
and borrowed a smaller flag until the
janitor could be found to procure the reg
ular City Hall flag.
LADY YARDE-BULLER
SEEKS NEW GUARDIAN
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Lady Tarde-Bul
ler, whose suit against her cousin, Ernest
Wakeman, to have the latter deposed as
trustee of her estate. Is still pending in
the Superior Court, will, it is now report
ed, petition the Superior Court sumo day
next week to have W. B. Greenbaum of
San Pablo avenue appointed her guardian,
after which a new suit will be brought
against Wakeman. Ralph, the oldest son
of Lady Yarde-Buller, is opposed to the
proposed appointment of Greenbaum, as
he is also opposed to the Wakeman suit,
while the younger son. Arthur. Joins his
mother in her desire to have Greenbaum
appointed.
Society Women's New Club.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Several of the
women of Oakland have formed a new or
ganization known.as the Oakland Club It
has been formed along the lines of the
California Club of San Francisco. There
is no doubt the new club will be a strong
rival for the honors enjoyed exclusively
up to this time by the Ebell Club. Mrs.
George W. Bunnell, who was so long
president of the Ebell Club, is the presi
dent of the Oakland Club; Mrs. Henry
Goodall, vice president; Miss Mabel Gray
secretary, and Miss Tillle Brown, treas
urer. The board of directors as far as
selected is as follows: Mrs. Bunnel!
Mrs. Goodall, Mrs. R. W. Gorrlll, Miss
Hrown, Miss Frances Smith, Miss McClise
Mrs. Robert Watt and Mrs. E. T. Barker'
Murphy's Bondsmen Bunkoed.
BERKELEY, Aug. 19.— T. J. Murphy
who was arrested some time ago on a
charge of obtaining goods under false pre
tenses, has now the additional charge
against him of having skipped his bonds
men. Murphy was arrested on a com
plaint sworn to by Town Marshal Lloyd
He represented himself as traveling for a
tailoring firm and took a deposit from
Lloyd of $5 for a suit of clothes. The suit
was never delivered and Lloyd had a war
rant issued. Murphy found bondsmen in
Fred Wenker and Fred Ohe, both of Oak
land. On the date set for trial he failed
to appear and this morning Judge Edgar
declared his bail of $100 forfeited.
SALT WATER NOT
HARMFUL TO LAWNS
0 z^^v AKLAND, Aug. 19.— The plan to sprinkle the streets of this city with
•% (( \\ salt water has caused many to regard the scheme with some anxiety,
3. II II based upon the result to flowers and lawns. One of the prettiest parks
4* \z~-zy In Oakland Is Jefferson Square, one of the longest sides of which is on
4* Seventh street. For a generation the Southern Pacific Company has
j£ sprinkled Seventh street every night with salt water. At times the crust of
j£ the street has been almost •white with salt and there is less dust on the street
j. than on any other street in the city that is not made of bitumen or wooden
.j. blocks. If the result of salt water were detrimental to lawns. Councilman
A Glrard argued that It should be apparent by this time at Jefferson Park.
V[ William Goodwin is the gardener at this park and when asked about the
Q matter he said:
\ "Salt water appears to lay the dust In the roadway much better than does
(/ fresh water. The railroad has used salt water for years in keeping down the
A dust between its tracks. When heavy sprinkling is done the water finds its
V way to the gutters and there kills the weeds, but it has never injured my
n lawn. Its green blades are as fresh to-day as when I took charge. It Is all
, rot about th« salted dust Injuring the lawns. The only persons to suffer
X damage through the use of salt water in street sprinkling are those who
X drive about in carriages. The salt I understand does affect the varnish on
I carriages, but carriages are not green lawns."
SANTA FE NOT
IN A HURRY TO
REACH OAKLAND
President Ripley Is on
the Coast.
WILLING TO HEAR CITIZENS
COL. WALKER SAYS OAKLAND
IS NOT UP TO SPEED.
Evidently Not Aware of the Fact
That a Strong Effort Was Made
to Secure the Transconti
nental Terminus.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 19.
President Ripley of the Santa Fe is now
on the ccast and In an Interview to-day
he said that his company has no plans
matured yet that extend any further than
Point Kichmond. He said:
"We are now concerned with the com
pletion of the road to Point Richmond. I
am not prepared to say what the future
may develop, but we believe that the ttr
minal at Point Richmond is well suited
to our purpose and that we will be able
to accommodate our through business at
that point.
"I will say that I do not think our peo
ple have seriously considered the propo
sition at any time of carrying our main
traffic through Oakland.
"Of ccurse, Oakland is a nice place and
we may ultimately have closer connec
tions with it, but that is a matter to be
developed In the future. How that will
be accomplished I am not prepared to
say.
"So far as the ferry business is con
cerned, and I have had some experience
with the suburban travel, I don't see how
it can be BO vastly profitable at the rates
that the Southern Pacific Company is car
rying people with its expensive equip
ment. 1 am aware that it is possible to
so keep the books as to show that the fer
ry is making the profits instead of the
railroad.
"If any of the citizens or city officials
of Oakland desire to see me 1 shall be
in the city for several days and would
certainly be willing to meet them, but
as 1 have said before, I don't know that
1 cou!J say anything that would be of in
terest or advantage to them.
"We appreciate the interest of the peo
ple ol Oakland and their good will toward
the Santa i-'e, but we are not at present
able to say what our plans will be with
regard to any closer contact with that
city."
Colonel A. P. Walker, chairman of the
Santa Fe directory, has sized up the sit
uation in regard to Oakland.
"We have splendid terminal facilities at
Point Richmond and are expending a good
deal of money there," said the colonei.
"Point Richmond commands the Golden
Gate and the commerce of the Orient.
The bay is an open roadway. We don't
have to have any franchise on the water.
It strikes me that your people in Oakland
are a little slow in waking up to an ap
preciation of the situation. If you had
been alert you would have put forth your
efforts before the Valley road selected
Point Richmond for its terminus. It is
probable that you did not appreciate the
importance of the Valley road."
Colonel Walker is not aware that threu
years ago citizens of Oakland pledged
very generous support to me Valley road
if it came to Oakland. The road, how
ever, signified its intention to go to Point
Richmond and hinted that Oakland's ef
forts could accomplish nothing.
Alameda Court Notes.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 19.— Charles Meyers, a
youth of 15, was arrested yesterday by
Officer Gunn and booked for burglary.
Young Meyers broke into the residence of
Mrs. Bishop, at 1535 Sherman street, and
stole a number of views. Meyers pleaded
guilty this morning before Justice Morris,
and sentence was deterred until next
week, when an effort will be made to send
the boy to a reform school.
Edward Hayden was arrested yesterday
evening by Officer Lawrence for violating
the expectorating ordinance. After a rep
rimand by the City Recorder Hayden was
allowed to go.
Charles Bennett, who was arrested at
Red Bluff and brought back here to an
swer to a charge of petty larceny, was
found guilty ' n tne Justice Court this
morning aitd sentenced to serve a term of
six months in the County Jail.
Out for a Cruise.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10.— The scholars of
the B junior and middle classes of the
Alameda High School were the guests of
Senator E. K. Taylor to-day on boaid his
yacht Emerald. They were taken for a
cruise about the bay, visiting Goat Island
and other points of interest. There were
about fifty scholars aboard.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 19.->Joseph Fordner,
who recently resigned as superintendent
of the First M. E. Church Sunday school,
was tendered a reception and presented
with a set of diamond shirt studs last
evening by the teachers and scholars of
the school. Mr. Fordner was compelled
to resign the office of superintendent on
account of ill health, after serving la that
position for fourteen years.
C. C. Eason has given up the experting
of the city books, and U. E. Dyer of
2012 San Antonio avenue has been em
ployed by the City Trustees to continue
the work.
The opening meeting of Christ Church
Daughters for the fall and winter took
place yesterday afternoon in the parish
house. The organization Is composed of
little girls, and the meeting took the form
of a party and candy pull.
The fiftieth anniversary of Adolph
Mayrisch's arrival in America was cele
brated by the members of "Club Har
monic" in their banquet hall on Parti
street last evening by a "Kommus." Mr.
Mayrisch has been a resident of Alameda
for thirty years.
The Alameda and Pacific cricket clubs
will play a match game at the Webster
street "grounds at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The clubs are even in the race
for the season's trophy.
The opening meeting of the Mothers'
and Teachers' Club was held yesterday
afternoon at the Longfellow School.
About sixty mothers were present. Prin
cipal A. H. Suzzallo" delivered an address
■«• ■■. I /
on "The Relative Work of Teachers and
Mothers." The club will meet again in
two weeks, when Superintendent ot
Schools Hughes will address the meet
ing.
Emile Dldler of 2306 Clement avenue,
while riding a bicycle yesterday evening,
collided with a buggy being driven by L.
Kongsohfer. Didler received a severe
scalp wound. He was wheeling on the
wrong side of the street with his head
down and did not notice the approaching
vehicle.
PRICKING POINTS
On the Foils Furnish a New Sensa-
tion in Fencing Bouts.
Habitues of the Paris fencing schools
are no longer satisfied with contests in
which the rapier's point Is rendered harm
less by a button. Recent differences of
opinion over the championship competi
tion and other public exhibitions have led
to several challenges in which the weap
ons have had short points projecting be
yond the button, and the competitors, in
stead of wearing pads, competed stripped
to the waist. The scratch made on the
skin by the point could leave no room for
discussion as to whether the fencer had
been touched or not. The most interest-
Ing of these matches was one between
M. Elie Dufraisse, prevot of the Baudry
School, and M. Marcel Boulenger, cham
pion of the Merignac Salle d'Armes. Each
of the adversaries had two seconds. M.
Thomegueux and M. Roge acting for M.
Dufraisse and Comte de Reverseaux and
M. Lusclez for M. Boulenger, exactly as
If a real duel were taking place. The
style of the two fencers was absolutely
different. M. Boulenger held his guard
low and attacked In slxte and seconde,
while his opponent, holding to the tactics
of the Baudry School, kept his point well
in line, evaded M. Boulenger's weapon
and riposted by rapid rtoubles. Victory
remained with M. Dufraisse, who scored
three hits to nothing. This meeting was,
it is generally acknowledged, necessary
on account of previous discussions. But
now M. Beau, a well-known amateur, has
issued a general challenge which has
been accepted by M. Georges Breittmeyer,
a celebrated left-handed fencer. Not
even masks are to be used in this en
counter. There are also others in view,
one that Is spoken of, for instance, being
between M. Elie' Dufraisse and M. Mau
rice Bernhardt, son of'TVlme. Sarah Bern
hardt. Many amateurs deprecate the in
troduction of this element of danger into
what was formerly a peaceful form of
sport, and it is doubtful if it will meet
with lasting success.— Paris Special to the
London Pall Mall Gazette.
LEASH SEND
PROMISING DOGS
TO BE JUDGED
High Class Entry in
Puppy Stake.
GOOD SPORT \T UNION PARK
BETS DECLARED OFF ON MAGIC-
WILD LASSIE COURSE.
The Former Was Beaten Badly, Not
Having Recovered From His
Severe Trial Last Sunday.
Results at Ingleside.
The young greyhounds which ran In the
puppy stake at Union Coursing Park yes
terday divided honors with the older dogs
in the open stake. The best the local ken
nels have were sent to the slips and
showed excellent sport. The bettors did
not have an accurate line on the young
sters, the result being a number of upsets.
R. E. de B. Lopez's Minneola defeated
D. J. Healey's O'Hara at odds of 1 to 7.
Justice defeated Julius Caesar at 1 to 5,
Sky Blue won from Go On at 1 to 2 and
Miss Penman defeated Aeneas at 2 to 5.
D. J. Healey's Grenada, by Rusty Gold-
Wave, Is a pronounced favorite for the
stake, having been played off the boards
In the long odds book. Mamie Pleasant,
Minneola, Forest Queen. Forest King and
J. J. Edmonds 1 Whisky Hill all have a fol
lowing.
The biggest upset in the open stake was
the defeat of Warship by Amarosa, the
latter at odds of 1 to 3. This was the
longest course of the day, the dogs run
ning one minute and thirty-four seconds.
In the Magic-Wild Lassie course the lat
ter led to the hare by many lengths. As
this was a decided reversal of form Judge
Bull did not declare a winner and all bets
were declared off. Handy & Smith, the
owners of Magic, were held blameless.
Their black dog had a four-minute course
at Ingleside last Sunday, and they did not
learn that he had not recovered until they
saw him run.
While Royal Flush was being taken to
the slips a hare was released for a brace
of dogs. Flush saw the hare, broke away
from his handler and killed. He had on
his heavy blanket, collar and strap. He
went out immediately and won his course.
Royal Flush is favorite for the stake,
with J. Dean's Gladiator next in demand.
Gladiator ran a grand race. The detailed
results follow:
Puppy stake, forty-eight entries— W. C. Glas
son's Terronite beat F. Vioghts Fairmount
Prince- R. E. de B. Lopez" Wanda beat T.
Hall's Lily Dawson; R. E. de B. Lopez' Won
der beat J. T. Lynch's High Dice; Bartel Bros."
Beer Brewer beat Hurley & Riley's Pat Hor
san; P. McCabe's Boney Boy beat Pasha Ken
nels' Right Arm; J. Ferris' Honor Bright beat
B. Lienihan's Lady Kenney; Connell Bros.' Ma
mie Pleasant beat H. Lynch's Lexington; R.
E de B. Lopez' Minneola beat D. J. Healey's
O'Hara; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat J. Fer
ris' Cleopatra; H. H. Gray's Rona beat Pasha
Kennels' Royal Ann; James Sheridan's Forest
Queen beat F. A. McComb's Lord Lvtton; J.
J. Edmonds 1 Whisky Hill beat J. M. Letlich's
Storm King; F. Rothman'a Justice beat Rus-
Yell, Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar; James
Sheridan's Forest King beat Pasha Kenned'
Round About; P. McCabe's Sky Blue beat J.
J. Edmonds' Go On; A. L. Austin's Firm Foe
beat George Watson's Belmont Girl; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman beat Aeneld
Kennels' Aeneas; H. Lynch's Loiterer beat
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead; T. Cooney's
Modesty beat Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon; D.
J. Healey's Grenada beat J. Anthony's Pa
triot; Hurley & Riley's Lucretia Borgia beat
P. J. Rellly's Still True; P. McCabe's Craig
Boy beat Aeneid Kennels' Athenla; R. Stahl's
Three Cheers beat J. McCormick's Primrose;
H. H. Gray's Terronette beat Bartel Bros."
Ballroom Belle..
/Tnews\\
( [ OF THE I
ÜBAycrntsM
ACTRESS GAIL
FORREST GRAVES
GETS A DIVORCE
Husband Deserted
Her Years Ago.
AND SHE WAS HIS SUPPORT
JOHN ANDERSON ALSO TELLS OF
HIS WIFE'S CRUELTY.
Because She Deserted Him for a
Theatrical Man He Can No
Longer Sleep and Has
Lost in Weight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 19.
The matrimonial bonds that have exist
ed since IS9O between pretty Gail Forrest
Graves, the California actress, and Ed
ward F. Graves, formerly manager of tha
Casino In New York, were legally dis
solved by Judge Ogden this afternoon.
The decree was granted on the ground
of desertion, as alleged In the complaint,
which was filed several months ago. Ow
ing to the pendency of the divorce suit the
charming plaintiff found it inconvenient
to continue on her recent theatrical tour,
and hence she has been sojourning at the
home of her father, Henry Barroc, chair
man of the Central Republican Club of
Berkeley.
According to Mrs. Graves* complaint her
husband cruelly neglected her and de
serted her some time In 1894, and prior
thereto, she had been compelled practi
cally io support him out of her salaiy,
{ which at the time ranged between $50 and
I $75 per week. Graves is at present at the
head of a theatrical enterprise on tne
road, and has made no particular contest
against the divorce suit. Being finally
released by the decree granted in the Su
perior Court to-day, Mrs. Graves will
shortly resume her theatrical career.
Varying greatly In particulars, though
also based on the grounds of desertion
and cruelty, is the suit of John Ander
son, filed this afternoon, against Mary-
Alice Dorothea Anderson. This couple
also was married about ten years ago, out
by all accounts lived happily together un
til about three months ago, .when a young
thespian of San Francisco bestowed his
attentions upon Dorothea, and the domes
tic troubles that ensued wrecked the little
Anderson home in this city.
According to Mr. Anderson's complaint,
the wife, who is a pretty brunette, began
making too frequent visits to San Fran
cisco, and one day the determined John
located his deserting spouse in a French
restaurant feasting upon oysters and wine
and basking in the smiles of her young
j thespian lover, whose name Anderson has
not learned. Finally orte day Mrs. Ander
son packed up her trunk and left for good.
Now John Anderson complains that his
wife's actions have caused him mental
anguish, lacerated his fondest affections,
reduced him in weight because he can no
longer enjoy peaceful repose at nights,
and that his mind was almost wrecked by
such cruelty. Attorneys Gibson and Wool
ner represent the plaintiff husband, and.
j there is likely to be no contest save over
; the property of the parties, which is val
ued at several thousand dollars.
Open stake, flfty-four entries — D. J. Healey'B
For Glory heat Pasha Kennels' Metallic; Pa
sha Kennels' Firm Friend beat Handy &
Smith's Dauntless; Connell Bros." Log Boy
beat Lowe & Thompson's Jesamy; J. Ken
nedy's Xlght Time r*-at W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore; Taylor & Maxwell's Wild Lassie beat
Handy & Smith's Magic; George Sharraan's
Miss Skyrocket beat Steele & Knowles' Wag; J.
Kennedy's Kver Shore beat F*. Schou's Pre
cede; D. J. Healey's Amarosa beat P. J. Reil
ly'st Warship; Lo'.ve & Thompson's Prince Hal
beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured; Pasha
Kennels' Emln Pasha beat J. Sepfterson's Can
delaria: R. K. de B. I>ipez' Winona beat 11.
W. Rlke's Nancy Rj Connell Bros.' Senorita
beat E. M. KellogK's lowa Boy; H. A. Deckel
man's Flyaway beat J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste; R. E. de B. Lopez' Rochester beat Tay
lor & Maxwell's Bounding Belle; J. Dennis'
The Devil beat J. McCormick's Woodbine;
Handy & Smith"? Pemnius a bye; Taylor &
Maxwell's Lamplighter beat Srheper &
Power's Matchless; J. Kennedy's Wine West
beat T. Halls Annie Laurie; Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Oram beat E. & R. Scott's Lord By
ron; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush beat H. F.
Anderson's Crawford Lad; H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence beat Aeneid Kennels' Pretender; J.
I. O'Brien's Statesman beat W. 11. Hlnrh
man's Mona; D. J. Healey's Maori Land beat
Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin; J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory beat Aeneld Kennels' Van Cloie;
J. Dean's Gladiator beat Handy & Smith 1 s
Ida; B. A. Johnson's Lowlander beat J. Den
nis' October Woodcock; Handy & Smith's Twin
City Girl beat W. C. Glasson's Border's Valen
tine.
AT INGLESIDE.
Fast Hares Keep the Hound 3
Busy in Long Courses.
The nlnety-six-dog open stake at Ingle
«lde drew a fair sized crowd and soma
good sport was seen. A few long shots
surprised the talent— Naughty Girl over
Safeguard at 1 to 9 and Hazel Dell from
Blacklock with the odds 10 to 1 against
her.
The race between Naughty Girl and
Safeguard was the longest course of tha
day and run all over the field. It lasted
four minutes and one second. At the end
of the third minute two fresh dogs were
turned loose, and the four were kept on
the jump by the lively hare. All the
hares were strong and exceptionally fast.
In the race between Terrona and Swedish
the course lasted two minutes and forty
seven seconds.
The results are:
Ope/i stake— A. A. Duncan's Royal Chief beat
J. O'Dowd's Cinderella; D. Ford's Bonita beat
T. J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill; Larkey &
Rock's Myrtle beat George Burfelnd's Pastime;
J. Seggerson's White Chief beat L.. Robinett'a
Snowstorm; J. Bradshaw's Hazel Dell beat J.
Keenan's Blacklock; T. J. McHugh's Moss
Rose beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Wild
Swede; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe beat K.
Wilson's Magnet; Murphy & Toland'a Twilight
beat T. Harrington's Beau Peep: Hardy &
Smith's Free and Easy beat T. J. Harrington's
Lord Marmion: E. D. Fallon's Lily of the West
beat J. P. Thrift's Forgive; Kay & Traufs
Diana beat J. Jones' Moonlight; James McCor
mack'a White Tip beat J. Bradshaw's Enter
prise; T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee beat H. A.
Deckleman's Pet Klrby; G. Abercromble'g
Rock Island King beat T. J. McHugh's Em
press; Lord & Herbst's Revolver beat E. Bau-^
meister's Winning Ways; E. M. Kellog's lowa
Maid beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell; Dr.
Leonard's Master Lawrence beat F. Joiner's
Lily Wheeler; E. M. Kellog's Hummer beat M.
Tiernan's Kildare; Joe Thrift's St. Michael beat
J. Fitzsimmons' Peaceful Glen; Bartel Bros.'
Ben Hur beat C. Sullivan's Keen Wltted; J.
O'Dowd's Shootover beat H. Ohmeyer's Lady
Napoleon; A. Van den Burg's Naughty Girl
beat D. Shannon's Safeguard; E. Baumeister'B
Warrior beat James Dlckson's Black Bess; J.
Abercromble's Irma won a bye; J. Mooney's Si
lent Treasure beat Lord & Herbst's Kerry Gow;
J. Keenan's Royal Oak beat A. C. Bradbury's
Sardonic; M. London's Magneto beat Hardy &
Smith's Lady Hugo; Lawler & Watson's Rich
mond Lead lost a bye to Black Bess; W. J.
Browning's Mountain Belle beat T. J. Cronin's
Rose of Tralee; T. J. Cronln's Thornhill beat
G. Abercromble's Victor King; A. Ohmeyer's
Rosebud beat C. Peach's Lady Peach; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Lady Herechel beat J. Beg
gerson's Gold Hill; E. M. Kollog's lowa Girl
beat M. B. Kavanagh's Ski; Handy & Smith's
Terrona beat M. H. Kavana^h's Swedish; M.
Mlchallke's Glenroy beat M. Tiernan's Persecu
tion; M. Hanwn's L. S. Conley beat
G. J. Panarlo's Old Glory; Joe Thlrffs
Forget beat W. H. Jones' Rustan; F.
Brown's Sweet Briar beat A. Ohmeyer's Oc
cidental; M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines beat
J Bunner's Flora Z; Handy & Smith's Ben
Bolt' beat J. Quane's Marietta; T. J. Cronln's
Arab beat T. Mannix's Water Witch; A. John
son's Tod Sloan ran a bye with Kerry Gowan,
Gilt Edge withdrawn; Handy & Smith's Victor
beat H. A. Deckclman's Prince George; D.
Ford's Juanita beat W. Goldman's Wise Ge
zaba; S. E. Portal's Gallagher beat Murphy &
'Poland's Ornament; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty beat J. Byrnes' Nellie B; A. Massey's
Hadlwlst beat W. O. Elmer's Fair Florence;
T. Cooney's Black Hawk beat F. Conlon'g
Cruiser.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th» San Francisco
Cr.li. rr.mer r.f Market ami Third streets, open
u-.til 12 o'clock «'very nipht In the year.
BRANCH <iKFICES—b27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: e.i.en until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes ..... open until 9:M o'clock.
f::9 McAllister street: oj>om until P:3O o'clock.
fir. Larkin street; ■ pea until "9:30 o clock.
J941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
l-CtSl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. ,
IMI Eleventh street; op^n until 9 o clock.
".""•> Mission street; fi«-ri until ■• o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: up"!! until 8 o'clock.
< hi it* 11 SERVICES.
it at The Strangers', Sabbath (lost.
X !-tt) Howard St. .\le-.he..Jist-kpib<:or*i
I r« Chutch Bet. id &sd Sts. Seats Free.
f R#v. Dr. J.">hn A. B. Wilson. Pastor
i i ;£J Rey. by the Church. Te!. Black 9".
£/\i*» nrtmfortaWeseat 1
[ii, • r^iii A I Ilj-.i'-ii.ou* creeling i Await >O«
!»'! /M !A| wUrJiai -elcfT.e >
«yt*^JSj-^Ti -1 a. va., "Life Where the River
C- j^K| I •£, Coinotn." offertory duet by the
tSliSinßikfe! Mleses Whitu.-.Kum; soi-tel wagon;
__i42_('i-»' 1 3-«. a crew wanted; young people's
rally, €;Si': 7::■>, service of patriotic sons; s,
sermon,' "The Return of Our Soldier Hoys,
the lUc?rtl"n We Should Give Them; so-
r-rano solo by Mrs. Mlddleton.
SEVENTH Day Adventist Church. Fl4-916 La-
■■'.:!.: st." between McAllister and Golden Gate
»ye.; Elder J. O. Corliss, pastor—Services,
Sabbath (.Saturday). Sabbath-school at 9:4J
-,'.. m.: preaching at 11 o'clock. A series of
discourses every Sunday evening at 7:45.
Subject, to-night, "Tt»e Finishing of the
Mystery of God.' Tuesday evening, lecture
on* ••physical Culture." Wednesday everting,
midweek service. Thursday evening, lecture
.;. "Consumption end Its Prevention," by
"It. n. H. Muttr.er. Seats free. All cordially
welcome.
ST. r.U'l/S Church. California St.. n?ar Fill-
more, Ri'V. W. Maxwell Iteilly, rector; Rev.
A. C. Wilson, assistant—Holy Comnunton,
'■:.\>i a. in.; Sunday-school". »:3'T a. m:; morn-
Ins i raver arid wrmon by thfl rector, 11 a.
in.: evening prayer and sermon, 7:43 p. m.
?!;:*i.' by the vested ijuartft and chorus
choir; ufganlst, A. A. Rankin.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts.. Rev. John ■■ iphlll D. D-.
pastor—>»ervice» at 11 ft. m. and 7:43 p. m.
Y. pic ia. m.). "The Prodigal Leaving Home."
';'■*[>*<* >;>. in.). "The Pro-teal's R.,tuv:i."
Music ia. m.), "Te JDeum" iF>. Schilling".
olTertr.ry. "All Is as Gi.d Wills" iSU_hy>,
boprano solo by Mrs. .«u.-!e Hert-M.irk. Music
i|>. :n), "IVinun, Ec-t" <]•">. J. S.-€»mpi of-
Jertory. "Let Thine Hmid Help Mo" tHan-
d<?l), ait.> 5..;.-> by Mrs. J. E. Birmingham. All
are made welcome,
GRACE: M. E. CfcurclK cnr. Capp :m.i Twenty;
first sts.. J. N. IJear.l. P.D., pastor.—Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. by the pastor. Sußday-nehool
;it 12:iO p. m. Eptrorth l*raj,'ue at 6:JO ?. Nx,
Preaching by the pastor at 7:40 p. m. Seats
fro*. All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Pott and
Mjs.-.r. »s;«.—l'ev. <>e»rse C. A<lam?. P. D..
pastor, wiil preach morning and evening: 11
a. ni. th-TriP. "The Majority Report 01 Moses"
Spies"; 7MJ p. m. theme. "A King's Explana-
tion." All are corciiaUy invited.
FIRST Cnitsrian Chur<-h. southwest corner of
Oeary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Horatio ?teb-
Mrts, D. 1.'., minister emerituy. Sunday «ihooi
r^opwns at 1(1 a. m. Morning service at 11
ti>!.->ck. Rev. Dr. Orelln Cone of Lawrence.
Kan., will occupy the puipit. All are cor.'.;a:!y
Invited. There will be no eve.;insf service.
WEST SW« Christian Church. Bush St.. near
Deviradero—Sunday-school. 10 a. m.; preach-
ing, il a. ni. and 7:41 p. m.. by Professor S.
M. Jeffersi n. d«-an n< Berkeley Bihie Sesnin-
ory. Young People's Society Christian En-
ileavcr. 6:4;, p. m.
FIRST church ni Christ. Scientist. CentnU
block, 2-.*3 Sutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.—Christian Science BitSc les.«nn, 11 a. m.; ;
subject. "Christ Je«us." Sunday-school for ■
'•hildren at the sam* hour. Wednesday even- ]
inn meetir-K at 8 u'cl>ck. All art; welcome.
NKW Jerusalem Church (Swedenhorglan). 1524 i
OTarrell Bt.—The pastor. R°v. D. V. Uoxven.
will rr^'i''!"- -t H a. m.. subject, "The Garden |
of Eden." Free library of new church ixKiks. j
No evening service. !
AT~thc Wel*n Church. 1133 Mission ?t.. the |
evangelist. Mrs. Evans of \Val»s. .will occupy |
the pulpit and will i-rearh in Welsh at 7:45:
this evening. Mrs. Evans 13 ir.nkins a tour ;
of the Pacific Const and hao, by request.
kindly consented to stop over. Avail your-
nelves of the opportunity to hoar this talented
lady. Special muslyg.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
I'ranifr. pastor—Discourse at 11 a. m. Ser-
vices every Sunday in Yosemite Hall, Native
Sons' buil.lin*. Mason St., between Oeary and
Post. Take elevator.
SPECIAL gospel meetings at the hall. 11 City
Hall Square, near Market, every evening ex-
cept Monday and Saturday, at 3 o'clock. Sub-
ject Sunday evening, "How Ocd Can Justify
the T-.'nßoi!!y." Addresses during the week on
funda:n»r.tiil truths suited to the anxious and
young Christians; undenominational. H. A.
Ironside, evaneellst. Bible class Sunday
mornings at 10 o'clock. Come—bring your
Bible.
Divine service* ;yw __»/-_»
__ I 711 1
ing the coming tern I I I I I
h ilidaya by Rev.
M. M. Gf-ldin at »*<» larg<? opera hall, cor.
Gruve and Laguna sts.; tickets can be had at
above hall frr.m 10 a. m. tn 12 m. and 2 to 4
p. m. every Sunday, and September 3 and 4
all d.iy; als" at HM Golden Gate aye.; tick-
et?. M an.l $1 ;.O.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post st.—Preaching 11 a. m. by F. R. ISlair.
and 7:4r, n. m.. by George S. Lincoln. All
respectively invited. This church was or-
ganized by cnmmarrf nt rjr>d to preach the
restored gospel as .1 "sl^n" of the •omiiig
of Jes-js Christ to Judge the world. Matthew,
24-xiv.
J. C. CHATTBRJI (the Hr^hmacharin) will
lecture to-nli{ht before, the Ttacocophlcal' So-
ciety, Odd FellowH' building, corner Seventh
and Market sts., at 8 p. m. Suhjeot, "Broth-
erhood—True Rnd False." Hhagavad Git*
class at 11 a., m. Headquarters and library,
second floor Odd Fellows' building. All in-
vlted.
SPECIAL meetings— William E. Blackstone,
• Eaq. from Chicago), author of that widely
"circulated little book. 'Menus Is Coming,"
will iD V.) give a few addresses at Welcome
Hall. 925 Howard St., bet. Fifth and Sixth,
l*fore returning home, commencing - N-
DAY EVENING at 7.1:., August 20. ISS3.
Wednesday evening. Aug. 23, subject, "Hid
Among the Stuff." Thursday evening. Aug.
24, "Our Lord's Coming." Friday evening.
Aug. -.-). "Satan, His Kingdom and Its Over-
throw." Don't fall to hear this noted evan-
• gellst. Mr. Blackstone, his wife and son are
notable singers. They will sing several se-
lections each evening. Seats free.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Hts.—Mass-meeting for men only to-day at :'■
o'clock: address by Rev. Leonard J. (Carver
on "Quo Vadls, or the Conflict of the Crops,"
th» first In a special course. All young men
Invited. Neat Saturday evening Chaplain W.
O. Isaacs of the U. 8. S. Penaacola will
lecture on "Schley'e Flying Squadron." This
lecture open to th» public.
HEETlSGS —Universal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America—Lecture
to-night, "The Rebirth of the Soul." by Dr.
Anderson; International Brotherhood League
Tuesday night, subject: "Cursed Be the
Karth for Thy Sake." Academy of Sciences
Hall. <in Market s.t.
MEETINGS —Sunday.
INOERBOLL memorial wrvioe .it Scottish Hall.
Larkin St., to-morrow evening. Aug. 21. at S
sharp. An excellent programme of music,
recitation and sons. Addresses by C. B.
r ■ -..••• distinguished lady lawyer; Ml*s de
Pratt, the highly gifted liberal lecturer; Dr.
J. L. York and others. Admission free; no
collection.
Contributions for expenses received at W.
E. Price's book store, cor. Eighth and Mar-
ket sta.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
"Eloctro-Chemlcal Physiology" (a continua-
tion of last Sunday evening's lecture) by Dr.
J. Depew Kergan (of Drs., K. and X.'i Blec-
trlc Sanitarium), at Crystal Hall. i*ythlan
Castle, SKtt Market et.. followed by magnifi-
cent art vi<Mvs. Those attending this lecture
may procure free tickets to the wonderful X-
Ray exhibition on Tuesday evening next.
AT DR. him:.-' Spiritual Society. SO9 Market.
nfttoo 1236: 11, -'. 8: free; collect Mrs.
• Vicera, Heeley, Davhion; Tuesday, 1238 How-
ard St., 8.
JOHN SLATER, the wonderful platform test
medium; test seance to-night. S:l5 sharp.
Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin si Admla*! in ]«\
AT S. F. Free-thought meeting. 1123 Mission
Ft.. bet. Seventh and Eighth, S o'clock. Ad-
dress by T. R. Simpson. Admission free.
MRS. H. ;-■ K11•. prophetic seer: readings dally,
i'iOc; parlor meeting. Sun.. Tues., Frl. even-
IngH at S; We. 1724 Market st. - i". "-
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 333 McAllister at.; test
meeting to-night, 8, by Mr». C. J. Meyer; 10c.
A—MRS. EBEItHARDT'S spiritual test meet-
Ing, S; 10;-. 3250 22d, bet Mission and Valencia.
A TEST meeting Sunday, I and S p. m.. 10c. 9A
Sixth st. R. A. Stltt. Mrs. Olrd.Vljrarn.otlHTe.
AT Friendship Hall. 33.-. McAllister St.. to-day.
2 and h p. m.. tests by good mediums. 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. SOS McAllister: 10c; come skeptics.
C. STEERS, 112V4 Oak; circles Tues.. 8 p. m.;
Thursdays, 2 p. m.; Be; readings, $1.
AN honest medium: truthful messages or no
charge; readings SI. iff) Hayes st.
EDWARtTeaRLE'S seance to-night. 330 Ellis
st. . _■■■
MEETIXG NOTICES.
THE flfcmbera of Ivanhoe Lodge No. "■. .j:
K. of P.. are hereby notified to attend '_{■*
tho funeral of our late brother, .1. W. FIJ
PERRY. THIS (SUNDAY) AFTER- M
NOON, at 1.31 sharp, from Pythian W
Castle, 909 Market st. Every member Is re-
quested to be rr psent.
O. NORCROSS, K. of R. & S.
MEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. __ 1. O. O. .>._»!«___. j
[nutation MONDAY/ EVEN- __ggpS_:
ING, Aug. KORXBECK, N. G. -e^SEBRSF
C. H. KORNBECK, N. G. -'W'/ifN-
V. M. B. CURTIS. Sec •
WESTERN Addition _ 'u'-« No. > >____j__ > '
.-'. I. O. O. F.— Officer? and -__?___*___
members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of Brother ''"' //
BEER; .it 9 o'clcck, Aug. 21, 1599, from I. O. I
O. F. Hall. D. IiEIS, N. G. I
J. R. MACLEAN, R. S.
ANCIENT Order of Foresters.— The A.X»-V_^
''■ F. parade committee will, <■.:•■■ ■ .1 c^Tf
lt>2 O'Farrell Bt:, on MONDAY, t!-.< Jf\ i
-Ist., at S p. m., to complete th.? ar- *> » |
rangeir.ents lor the parade to be glv.-n in
honor of the turn of the California v lun- j
tee.i-9 from Manila. All members of, th-.- or-
-er are requested to attend. !
H. BEAVER, I . 11. C. I!., Pres
J. E. JOHNSON. Set. ;
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. <&*&.
W.. 32 O'Farrell st.— The funeral escort i{f"s<:
is hereby nntjited to assemble at ihe{3_f^
hall TO-DAY (Sunday), at 12 o'clock. t-Sss^
to atteud the funeral of our late brother,
HANS A. HANSEN. Fines wll ibe strictly
enforced; By order of
ROBT. C. ROSS. Master Workman.
H. GRIMSIIAW Recorder.
THE committee appointed by the s-Jbor- v v,*tt>, ■
d'.p.atc lodges of the A. O. U. W. triSg-\'c !
receive the members of the crdnr be-6vaSc
longing to the Cali?»rn!a Regiment are vSjJJv-
requested to meet SUNDAY, August LO. in
Hhiels build!n_, 32 o'Farrell s!.. at 2 o'clock !
sharp. E. DANFORTH. D. G. il.
ELECTRO-MEDICAL Society will mccl MON- j
DAY nipht at Dr. Jauney's new residence, '
405 McAllister St. |
BRICKLAYERS' International Union nf Cali- I
fornia No. I— Meets lirst and third Mondays
cf each month at 1159 Mission st j
THE California Debris Commission, having re- i
ceived applications to mir.e by the hydraulic |
process from J. S. Goodwin in the Birtlseyo j
Creek p!ac»r mine, at Ycu B-^t, Nevada \
County, to tic-posit tailings in an oid pit: £rom i
Mrs. E, A". Cox, in tho Wa?h:?;gTon mine, at j
Whisky Diffring?.. Sierra County, to deposit
tailing, in Fourth Ravine, and frnm George j
\V. Stone ar.U .lames J. Sohenrlch, In the Red i
Hill gra\e! mine, near Diamond Springs, El j
Dorado' County, t.i deposit tailings In a raj
vine and in Rir.ggoU Creek, sives notice i
ti'.nt a mtetirg will be held at room ."9. Flood !
huiHlr.s;. San Fr_r.c:sco. Cai., on September '
4. ISW. at J:3C ... J
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of Pa-
ciflc Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
ft en WEDNESDAY, Aus ! -■ IS3S. at I
f :30 p. tr>... for the election of directors for the ■
frsi:!nir year and the transaction of such other !
business as irny cor.-c before It. Transfer i
hocks wilJ c!c?e Friday. Aug. 3?. at 4 p. r_. !
By ... board of directors.
M. C I-.ORHAM. cp-»t.irv.
ACCOUNTANTS. '
B. K. -ALLARD 4M Cal. St., design?, audits j
■ ■■MUMS niininn fiir eonwrntiens .C- firms: ref. j
= I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
JfAGTJIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gui: (e_-Ccrcres£!r.ar.> and James L. Galla-
fcher tex-Clty snd Ccunty Attorney) have
mcved their law offices to the Parrott build- |
Ing. $25->is Market st. ; tel. South 215. I
ADVICE fre*; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at !aw, SiO Market, cor. r.tocktn. j
J. P. PARK ?36 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE .'.: NAGLE. Art rr.- y.-:i-.-I.aw. Emma
Srreckels Suildsnc, 927 Market st
_, S. CLARK— Emma SpreckeU building. 927 |
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. -.; Market -t . opp. Mason.
UOAKD A.VU ROOMS.
VAN NESS AYE.. 1714— Can accommodate a j
family of four in a select bjarding-house with
an elegant large front suite. Including bath; !
also single and double rooms; everything new;
beard the best;, home comfort; location choice;
references. I
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy flrst-class: 1711
Market St., S. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single 1
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; I
suites without board, $1 per day: single roams. ;
Me; special rates by month, also to tourist*. '
.'.'VALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
Incl. orchard: Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvale ay.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O. j
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
NATOMA. 2"?,. near Fourth— Would like - gen-
tlemen to board and room; price reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean." comfortable rooms;
goc^l home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Pq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lurches.
1 UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant, makes advances at j
| lowest rates on valuahles of all descriptions.
DOARB AND ROOKS WANTED. ;
LADY wants unfurnished room and board In
private family: location within four blocks
of Sixth and Marktt Fts. ; state terms. Ad-
dr-ss box HC3. Call office.
lIOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY having nice home would like child to j
board; girl preferred; object company; not
under 4 years. Apply 459 Minna, near Sixth, j
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; _<x>d
; h. mv. 306 }■■:■ r: '• -:
; BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
I ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. !
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmeg Book Cc. 704 Mission ft., near Third.
; BUSINESS CHANCES. j
! $37.">— CANDY store and ice cream parlor, near
I Mechanics' Pavilion: makes own stock :
steady established trade; will pay $100 a
month: bargain. COAST EXCHANGE CO.,
719 Market st. !
■ IF you would sell your business quickly list
1 with COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
STATIONERY store, Sixth st. : fine es-
tablished trade: mu«t be sold at once. COAST ,
EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market St. 1
, $400— PARTNER wanted; established legitimate
busin"t,s- paying well: fine opening for live
: man. COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market.
WE have a number of good business openings
for Email Investors In all lines. COAST EX-
CHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
HALF Interest In a business; paying $75 a
month to each $300
A choice corner saloon 500
I_.rsre list of bargains. Call PACIFIC
COAST EXCHANGE, 1007% Market Bt, near i
Sixth.
$GoO— LARGE modern butcher shop, Eleventh
I st., between Broadway and Clay; fans, chop-
per, grinder, all run by electric motor; smoke
house, refrigerator; Ice house In cellar for
packing purposes: 40-foot marble-top coun- ,
ter; chop clears $50 per week; sold on account '
■ of sickness.
$1000— Large grocery: centrally located; gales !
$50 per day; rent 116: a snap.
22-room lodging house on Broadway, near 1
local station, clearing $75 per month; must
pell on account of sickness; price $700.
A snap; fine large store; located near local 1
station; will exchange for small, clear cot- j
tage; store clears $100 per month; no experi- ,
ence needed: price $1000.
If you have any kind of a business to sell ;
i or think of purchasing you will do well to'
call on RALEIGH _ CO., 464 Ninth St.,
I Oakland. ■■■ ■■:•. r.,-
-! $3500; WORLTH $7000.
' Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and !
l Rose st. In Fltchburg; new building, contain- i
• .Ing store, saloon. 7 rooms, all improvements; i
in rerfect order; fine garden; stab!.- and ware- |
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re- 1
sort: must be sold; account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
! dro electric car passes door.
. fGUO— IJHANCH bakery, notions, confectionery;
receipts $20 day; close to large school; large ]
'■ rtot-k; rent $lti; 4 rms. and bath; elegant busi- j
ness chance; see it. JONES _ CO.. 866 Mkt. 1
A- RESTAURANT, near Market; must be sold
this day. See COWING & CO.. 9i»5 Market.
! J2O ACRES choice coast land to exchange;
what have you? COWING A CO.. 995 Market. ,
A GRAND opportunity for a home-seeker to |
purchase at half price a ranch of 80 acres of j
choice level land at Fortuna. Fresno County;
don't delay, but investigate at once thin genu-
ine bargain. M. A. Brooks, 12 Golden Gate ay. ;
CENTRALLY located family liquor store: suit- j
able for man and wife or two parties; living
rooms; must sell at once; make offer; rent j
cheap. Inquire 2C9 Third st.
$125 — LADY partner wanted; half Interest; 1
young people's weekly; a home built quarter- !
ly: fine money-making scheme. Address H. j
ELDRIDGE. Oakland. Cal.
ABOUT 15000 wanted in marketing the most '
marvelous incandescent kerosene lamp and j
burner; demand unlimited; profits immense i
Address box 1249, Call.
l For sale, cheap— l rooms and bath; near Van :
Ness and Market; completely furnished; '
rooms pay rent. Box 17, Call Branch Office
106 Eleventh st.
II.:. BRANCH bakery for sale; established 24
years; sickness cause; fine living-rooms. 1571
Fifteenth Bt.
i ELECTRICIAN and. locksmith shop; doing |
nice business; no agents. Address box 1331
I Call office.
I $175— BRANCH bakery, notions, candles delica-
cies; 3 living-rooms; rent $12. 25*2 1 . tsoni st
LIFK insurance policies bought, cash. W. R.
Nicholson, Alty & Financial Agt, 123 Eddy st.
CIGAR and stationery store: receipts $50 day-
long lease;. low rent. 256 Third st.
FOR sale— Clear store; Al; on good corner
south of Market. . Apply to F. HOFFMAN, 106
Turk st. j
I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_T_, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20. 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR s.\LE-Grocery; full stock; fine goods;
cheap for cash. 2401 Howard st.
TO let-Lunch counter. Apply 236 Third st.
not of Sickness dentist will sell or rent
his entire outfit. Box 3297. Call off-*.
fw7\-T a loan of $SOCO for 6 months at 1 per
1 cent month or will take partner with above
_mount to compete contract; $23,000 profit in
comrart- ample security; principals only.
Ltox 13fi5 Ca!l olflce.
RARGUN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
ity: caVh business. Apply owner. CO6 Castro.
TINNERS and plumbers, " attention; business
for sa!e: established over 1. years; set of tin-
ners' and plumbers' tools, with small stocc
of shelf goods; man can get good-paying
business- for J350: banner crop in county this
year Address T. PATTISON. box 21. San
Luis Obispo^ ■ ,
BUTCH EiTlhop; good location: cash business;
no opposition: refrigerator ar._ smokehouse;
sickness cause for selling; a bargain; no
a gent. Box ÜBS, Call office.
PARTIES to Join In incorporating company on
rich oil land adjoining producing oil wens;
patented land; amaU capital only. Box 12!w.
Call. .
STATIONERY, bakery and notion store: rea-
sonable terms. Apply car. O'Farrell & Hyde.
FOR snle— Good raying Inside route on this
laiier. A poly Call office.
TO let— Lunch counter. Apply 236 Third St.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; particulars at
2555 Market st, near Sixteenth. J. McElligott.
ADVANCES at lowest interest; private en-
trance. UNCLF. HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
WANTED— Painter and general all-round man,
net afraid of work, as partner in established
business; no money necessary. Call or ad-
dress E. 2137 Dwight way. Berkeley. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, tausage and
pork-packing business for »ale In one of the.
l.ft towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
BECK _ CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney.
Buy, fell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 915
Market Bt
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkin st.. bet 8 and 10 a. m.
LIFE Insurance policies bought cash. W. Nich-
olson. •■•• _: Financial AgtHackmeier Hotel.
TO sell or exchange — Burin any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 7^ Market st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. C A SWELL <<• CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— SingIe express wagon; good order;
cheap. Address box 2464. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN _ SON. 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom it.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
«end to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet lieanlng Co.. 402 Sutter et. ;
tel. Main 394. QEW. WALCO_£, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLtN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
C.Hti- nve : tel. Fast 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; hum
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Sp-ar a*.
clairvoyants.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will ■ -real every
hidden mystery; s 0 will »how you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections: unlte9 the sep-
arated : recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty: locates treasure* and minerals: tells
your entire life. past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; Fend stamp for circular
with "racial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
102SH Market st., near Sixth. Always consult
the beft
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 1167 Market St.,
bet. 'Seventh and Eighth.
MADAME SODAN. Scotch seeress; wond-r«-
nowned card reader: palmist: may be con-
sulted at 523 Eighth Ft., Oakland, room 17;
truth or no fee.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight- diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladies. Me; gents. $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2* Sixth st. rooms 2-3.
MM;: MORI the best medium and card
reader: 2">c up. 73 Fourth St. near Mission.
BEST clairvoyant; fee. Be. 34?' 2 Minna at,
near Fifth.^
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future. 2."c. 143 Sixth St., room 12.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. AUGUST. 1149 Mission st, clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band'« pl"tun». Vie: ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less nurrpsafnl. Room 310. 927 Market ■'
COTTAGES TO LET.
ALBION AVF... Id', near Valencia and Six-
teenth sts.— Cor. cottage; 5 rooms, bath; large
basement.
ALMOST new cottage, 4 rooms. 3272 Folsom
! st: rent $10; key next door.
BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath: larc*
yard; chicken-house; water free; rent $14. 135
Collins st. near Point Lobos aye.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; newly reno-
vated: modern; Presidio Heights, 405 Laurel
St. MADISON & BURKE.
TO LET— Cottage of 4 ms; large garden. 937
| Church St.. near Twenty-first.
; TURK, 1562— Cottage. 4 rooms; also cottage, 8
rooms. In rear; large stable; shed; cheap.
51" COTTAGE; 4 rooms, bath; 694 San Jose
avenue.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. a HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
'or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and th? nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; Bee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood tldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 M) up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays, 9to 1
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
trncts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market fit. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
j specialty: all work .reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st. ■
: MEYER. 8 Turk: Deutscher Ztahnarzt: crown
i and bridge -. irk: open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors — Filling!, t.c up; crowns,
$3 <id: open evening. R".« M'-Vi»t »t.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
i at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
S. F. DRESSMAKING School: practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
EDUCATIONAL,. ™
; THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
; for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc. ; special
courses In all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
■ references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business Collese, 24 Post Ft. San
Francisco— Bookkeeping. business practice, j
shorthand. typing. languages, telegraphy, j
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; Individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
logue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. short-
! hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
i LADY teaches p'ano, mandolin thoroughly. 50r?
an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
A— HOPF'S tin(tin_. Piano School; summer
rates, '.4: French. Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary. 530 Golden Gate. r. 5-6-7; hour*, 2 to 8. j
! ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mecn. assay, archi. : day and eve.;
, est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. i' 33 Market.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 jlarkt.
i M. O. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 332 Montgomery.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class.
In Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green st.
SHORTHAND in 2 weeks or year's tuition
free; pupils by mail." Room 30, 122 Turk. S. F.
INSTRUCTION in dancing, ballroom or .«t:iE:e, '
Mon. and Fri. evga. Prof. O'Brien.lo7 Larkin.
ENGLISH in all Its branches, day and evening.
?33U Sutter st.
BANJO, guitar, mandolin, piano. 25c lesson, at
pupil's home. Call or address BIS O'Farrell st.
MISS Guadalupe Valiejo teaches Spanish and
English: competent: translations. 1512 Cal. st
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private: special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Hush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
! BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night: term* low. 1024 Minion. nr.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. : tel Grant r.fi.
[ EMPLOYMENT WANTED FemaIe.
I A Competent woman with a child desires a
i situation in the country; good cook and
I houseworker. Apply to MISS H. CULL-NAN,
323 Sutter st. __.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress desires a situation;
best reference: city or country. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.. phone Main 651.
A FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires a situ-
ation; best city reference. MISS H. CL L-
LINAN, 323 Gutter st.
I A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid^and seamstress
! desires a situation. Apply to MISS H. CUL-
I LINAN, 323 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child desires situation; coun-
try. D. CULLEN. 325 Batter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation
as cook or housework: best local references:
j city or country. D. CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
GERMAN and French nursery governess, 2
years' references, wlshea situation. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st
i RESPECTABLE woman with child 3H years
wants cooking or housekeeping; no trltler
need apply. Winchester House, 44 Third st,
E. B. BROWN.
AMERICAN widow wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper or cook in email hotel,
boarding-house or mining camp. 17A Sixth
Bt, room 6.
AN American lady wants position in a mining
camp or housekeeper In a widower's family
with children; city or country; good refer-
ences. Address 225 Golden Gate aye.
: POSITION as companion wanted by Southern
girl; well educated; good family; references.
1236 Call.
; GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
| eral housework; good plain cook; $10 to $12 per
month. Address 2S Eighth st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
I ter and fitter", wishes to go out by the day;
can make a suit In one day. 1217 Polk st.
NEAT reliable woman wishes position; general
housework, cooking; small family; wages $15;
! city onlr.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation at general
I housework; wages $20. 1023 Vermont st.
j WANTED by a respectable well-educated re-
-1 fined young lady, a position as governess or
traveling companion, or will accept any kind
of light work In office or at home. Address
Competent, box 1252, Call.
A COMPETENT young lady wishes a position
! as bookkeeper or assistant; 4 years' experi-
j ence; references. Box 1253, Call.
' HAVING 3 or 4 hours each day. would like to
get copying or envelopes to address at home;
wages very moderate. M. V. T., 3S &th, city.
COOKING and housework by a neat, reliable
woman. 2G4 Minna st, near Fourth.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day. Call at 312 Van Ness aye.. In rear.
YOUNG, strong woman wishes position as
kitchen maid, chambermaid or any kind of
j work by the day; office cleaning or care of
children. L. A., 924 Washington St., near
Powell.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; call be-
tween 10 and 4. 215 Kearny st
TRUSTWORTHY, educated woman would as-
sist In light housework, care Invalid; good
nurse; housekeeper for delicate lady; sews
well; moderate salary. Box 1269, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to assist
with housework; city or country; good refer-
ences. • Address 142 V* Fourth st
j INEXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer will work a month without wages to
gain experience. A. M.. Box 216, Builders Ex.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes position
j as housekeeper: Is a first-class cook. Call or
address SKA Howard St.
WANTED— Washing done cheap at 132 Church
St., near Market, between 13th and 14th.
i BY widow, position as housekeeper; city or
! country; good references. Box 3299, Call.
! EXPERIENCED nurse would like to take care
of an invalid. Sl2 Howard st.
I EXPERIENCED laundress wants work in a
! family by the day. Apply 349 V., Minna St.,
room 1.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
cleaning by the day. 1651 Howard st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
ironing, housecleanlng; $1 day. Address
MRS. BARRY, 255 Linden aye.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework; Is good cook and laun-
dress. Apply at 513 Ninth st., Oakland.
STYLISH dressmaking; highest satisfaction
given; special Inducements; prices reason-
able, lie Twelfth
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer;
best references; salary moderate. Box 1373,
Call.
YOUNG lady, Normal graduate, would like a
few private pupils. Call or address 1610 Scott.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
. at home. 82] Mission st., room 1.
FIRST-CLASS~SwedIsh cook desires situation
In private family; wages $33; best references.
Call or address 222S Pine st.
WANTED— Position by competent stenographer
! and typewriter In law office; best of refer-
j encos. Address box 1281. Call.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
I and baggage to and from ferry.
j ■ ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MaIe.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
ENTIRELY competent office man, expert on
credits, familiar with business In all forms,
desires position; salary no object. Box 1335,
1 Call. . .
YOUNG man wants position a» delivery driver;
8 years' experience with one firm; can give
reference. Box 1237, Call. "■ ■ .
PAINTER, paperhanger and decorator, first-
-1 class mechanic, with outfit, will work cheap;
day or contract; city or country. 1 Box 1238,
Call. ■'
GOOD baker on cakes and bread wants posi-
tion. 14 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman desires situation;
careful driver; stylish; has" references from
the best families in the State; competent in
every respect. 147 Fifth st. .
POSITION by single , man, age 35. In commis-
sion house; two years' experience in grocery
and . produce trail*'; good reference as to
1 character and ability. Address box 1337. Call.
i ENGINEER and electrician would like a posi-
tion to take charge of lighting plant or ho-
tel; Al references. Box 1257, Call.
STEAMFITTER (first class) would like a po-
sition in country or city. Box 1257, Call.
I COOK wants situation: bakes good bread;
country preferred; good references. 623J4 Sec-
ond st. - ■ ■
WANTED— Position by experienced . carpet i
salesman and cutter. " Box 1259, Call office. J
EMPLOYMENT WASTED Mule.
SITUATION by young man talcing care horses,
cow, garden; good driver; handy with tools.
Box 12CS. Call office. .
STEADY, sober man 1 married) wants job In
carpet or furniture store: an expert carpet
. layer. Box 1559. Call office.
WANTED— or porter work by steady,
sober young man with references. Box 1560,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted "by a reliable young man
holding two bank references; either as janitor
or watchman. Address box '--. Call office.
MAN and wlfq would like to get a place in
the country; man a good farmer and wine-
maker and wife a good cook; can. give good
references. H. S., St. George Hotel, Sl2
Kearny st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position to
wait on table or housework in city. K. FU-
RUTA, 1525 Polk st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted in wholesale or ware-
house by reliable man (German). Aduress box
3295, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS man would like situation in pri-
vate family: good references; wages $25. Box
1392, Call office.
NEAT young man wants p. situation to learn
to be a waiter in restaurant; steady and so-
ber; later on will buy half interest or whole.
Box 1330, Call office^
SITUATION by married man as manager or
foreman of dairy, stock, vineyard or grain
ranch; thoroughly competent of taking full
charge of either; best of references: strictly
sober and reliable. Address" J. H., 1505
Stockton st, room IS.
MAN with mechanical experience desires a sit-
uation near city; would prefer music or bi-
cycle store: have made and repaired violins;
wages no object if chance for advancement;
good references given. Box 1375, Call office.
WANTED— By steady, industrious young man.
position as driver, delivery or milk wagon;
thoroughly acquainted with city; reference.
"6-y...''-j Twenty-sixth st.
RELIABLE marine engineer holding chief's
license wants position ashore; best of refer-
ences. Address box 1374. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands the care of fine horses, cows.
garden work. Is handy with tools and has
' porter experience, desires position. Box 1205,
Call.
A FIRST-CLASS practical gardener In all
branches wishets a situation on large private
place; first-class references. W. H , 537 How-
ard St.
ELDERLY gentleman desires soft Job; charge
of land property, secretary, any literary
work in English or German. A. 8., box 1356,
Call. .
NOTlCE— Barber wants steady job evenings,
Saturday and Sunday. Box 12S0, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncla Harris. 15 Grant.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
FOR weak eyes and poor sight use Mayerle's
glasses; they rest the eye, relieve muscular
strain and preserve the eight. GEORGE
MAYERLE, German expert optician. 1071i 2
Market ft., San Francisco. German eye
water by mall. 50c.
EXCHANGE.
WANTED— ReaI estate In Alameda, Oakland
and San Francisco In exchange for San
Diego city and country property. B. L.
MUIR, 630 Market st.
FOR sale or exchange— Fine stock and fruit
ranch; 227 acres; 14 miles east of Oroville, in
Yuba County; well Improved; very healthy;
title clear; poor property or heavily incum-
b<?red will not be considered. Address own-
er, 2033 Eagle aye.. Alameda.
$6000 TO exchange 20 acres rich loam in French
prunes full bearing, with house, barn, horse
and tools for house and lot In the Mission.
Apply to MR. PHILIPPS' harness shop, 2115
Mission st.
jICOO— EXCHANGE for city or suburban prop-
* erty; Hi acres: house; Millbrae. $3500— Sutter-
st "business property for residence across bay.
I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
$110 000 WORTH of city lots; sell $IS,OOO for one-
third to pay mortgage. Address Owner, box
1247, Call.
" FLATS TO LET.
A FLAT of 8 rooms and bath; $27 50. 669 Mc-
Allister at.
A FLAT Of 7 rooms and bath; $22 50. 677 Mc-
Allister st.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DOUBLE flat of 8 rooms and bnth; yard and
garden; rent reasonable. 60S Hayes st.
FILLMORE. 2216V4— Elegant upper flat; 6 large
rooms and bath; reduced; rent $20.
FLAT hunting made easy with „ the printed
Hit you get from BALDWIN & HOiVELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 8 rooms. 4474 Jessie St.. between
Fifth and Sixth.
FOURTEENTH. 134, near Shotwell— Sunny 6
rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
GEARY. 222314— Sunny flat. 3 rooms; rent rea-
sonable. ________
GEARY, 2226— Middle flat of 5 rooms and bath
HANDSOME corner flat. 6 rooms and bath;
newly papered. Corner McAllister and Brod-
erlck; rent $20.
MCALLISTER, 1129— 7-room modern flat: reas-
onable to desirable party: also furnished flat
of 6 rooms, bath. 1131 McAllister gt.
MIDDLE flat; 5 all sunny newly renovated
rooms. 435 Illnna st . nr. 6th: $17 mo.: no lees.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth st.
MOSS 30 — A nice sunny upper flat "of 6 rooms
and bath. Key cor Howard and Moss, nr. 7th.
NINTH, 502— A corner bay-window flat of 6
rooms and bath: rent cheap.
NOB, 697-599. cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, $13 50;
5 rooms, $17; sunny corner; water free.
SHOTWELL, 606, near Twentieth— sl2; four
large sunny rooms and bath.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms. 622 Willow aye.. near
La una st.; reasonable rent.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms: water free; rent $10. 1806
Church st. near Twenty-eighth.
THIRD 417\4— Latest Improved flats; Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens: 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH. 1014. near Scott— 2 new flats.
5 aYi'l 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine garden and
eunny-slde view. ____ J t
TO LET— Modern flat of 4 rooms and bath;
$Is. 1805 Eddy gt., near Scott.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— 6 sunny
rooms, bath. large lot, $15; water free.
VALLEJO, 1123— Flat, 4 rooms, yard, $9; 1127
Broadway, up. flat, 5 rooms, bath, $16; redu'd.
4-ROOM flats: largo yard, stable and wagon
sheds. 1157 Harrison St.. near Eighth.
4 ROOMS, yard. 17 Hampton place, off Fol-
eom st, bet. Second and Third.
$10— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st., off Market, near Valencia. ■
$12 75— SHIPLEY, 297 A, near Sixth; flat of 6
rooms, bath; gas; yard. .
$16— GOOD 8-room house; large yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st. .
$22— MODERN first-class 7-room flat In Mis-
sion warm belt. Key 3343 Twenty-second st.
$25— NEW upper flat 8 rooms and bath. • 1602
Turk st.
$25— New upper flat, 6 rooms and bath. 41S8
Seventeenth St., near Eureka.
FURNITURE FOR SALE).
ON account of departure, furniture of a 6-room
flat; $150; no dealer*. Box 1300. Call.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $IS 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
. HELP — Agent-.
YOUR last chance: our boys arrive this week;
get souvenir medals, now and make money;
they go fast. DANZ.IGER, 212 Battery st.
NEW thing for agents: both sexes; permanent
- employment. 75 Third st, S. F., room 17.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary- $75 month, expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppor-
tunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER &
ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
WANTED — Canvassers and agents for novel-
ties. 22V, Geary st. room 6. . •
HELP WANTED— FemaIe.
WANTED— girl, $25, call early; nurse,
$20; ..ok, country . hotel, $30; 21 laundresses,
private families. $30; second girl and seam-
stress, $25; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; girls
' for housework, Berkeley, $25; Alameda, $25;
Menlo Park, 2 in family, $25; Mariposa Co.,
$20; Inyo, $20; waitresses for city and country
hotels, springs and restaurants, $20, $30. and
$<! a week; a large number of girls for house-
work In city, $15 to $25. Apply to J. F
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
HELP WASTED FemaIe.
C. R. HAMBEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT ISS
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
Want for hotels and restaurants.
Head waitress, country hotel. $30; 2 wait-
resses, Santa Cruz, $20; 2 waitresses, Mon-
terey County, $20; 2 waitresses for a resort
near city. $20; 5 waitresses for second-class
hotels, city. $20; waitress, city hotel, $20;
chambermaid and waitress, city, $20; country,
$20. .
Ironer, hotel, $25 and found; plain laun-
j dress, $20; mangier for springs, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Second girls, city and country. $20; houss-
girl, city and country, $12 to $30; city and
country nursegirls, $10 to ?15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
,-. ■-•..■- :: 104 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park, >25: Raymond, $20.
free fare; Alamr.la. $20; Oakland. $20; Belve-
dere, $20; San Rafael, $25, and several other
towns; a number of .housework girls, city,
$25. $20 and $15; 10 young girls to assist. $10
to $15. MISS 11. CULLINAN. 323 itter st.
A NURSE: country; $20. MISS H. CULL-NAN,
323 Sutter st. .:.>:■':
A NEAT young girl; light housework; $10 to
.$l5. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
COOK: small hotel, country: $20:, free fare.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
2 HOUSEWORK girls and sleep home, $15;
nurse girl, $10; housework, city, $15, good
place. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, private family. $-5;
: waitress and seamstress. $25: i second girls.
{ $20 and $15. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I A— HOUSEWORK, Menlo, $25; Fruitvale, $30:
' Stockton, $25: Palo Alto, $30; San Lorenzo,
$25; Oakland. $25; Berkeley, $2"; 20 house-
work girls, $25 and $2": 10 young girls to as-
sist. tl_ and $15. D. CULLEN, 525 Butter si.
WANTED— A lady who is willing and compe-
tent to do the work for an elderly couple in
a flat of 6 rooms for small waees and a good
home, and considered more as companion
than servant; give address for interview. Box
1250, Call office.
WANTED— WeII-bred well-appearing energetic
women; experienced canvassers preferred; only
those with best of reference need apply. Ad-
dress, or call Monday and Tuesday, 3 a. m.,
at box 1251, Call office.
WANTED— 10 to 14 years of age to help
at light housework In family of two; orphan
preferred: for board and schooling. Call or
1 address 319 Kearny St., room 2, bet. 1 and S.
I BRIGHT students to join special training class
of shorthand and typing at AYRES' Busi-
ness College. Miss Kafka, the winner of
Examiner contest, was a pupil and secured
position through us.
1 FINISHERS on custom made coats; steady
work; good wages. 304 Tehama St.
i EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers; take
j work home. NEWBAUER BROS., IS First st.
OPERATORS on waists and duck suits. NEW-
BAUER BROS., 18 First st.
j WANTED— French girl for second work and
sewing: call after 1 p. m. 2026 California st.
APPRENTICES In millinery store at, 692 Mc-
Allister St.; first-class teaching.
YOUNG German girl to assist with light house-
work and children. _ 651 Valiejo st., flat 10.
EXPERIENCED hands for dressmaking. 3571
1 Nineteenth st.
' WANTED— A capable, refined nurse girl, with
I good references. Address box 1335. Call office.
TWO girls to fold and strip paper boxes. 16
Fremont st.
I GIRLS wanted on pants at 40 Ellis St., room
47; call bet. 9 and 12.
WANTED— Good reliable woman for general
i housework and cooking. Apply between 1 and
I 3at US O'Farrell st.
PANTS finisher. Apply Monday 110 Wil-
liam St.. off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
FINISHER on enstom coats. 106 Battery st.
OPERATOR on pants; electric power. 83 Third
St.; upstairs.
WANTED— Waitress. 3250 Mission st., near
Twenty-ninth.
GIRL wanted; housework; sleep home. 809
Polk st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl for general
housework; German preferred; $15. 1304
Church St., near Twenty-fifth. ■
WANTED— First-class tailoress on custom
j pants. 4114 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 814
Hayes st., after 12 m.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework
and plain cooking. 2934 Jackson st.
GIRL for light housework: good home; Email
wages; call to-day (Sunday). 670 Willow aye.
GIRL for general housework: small washing;
no windows. 1164 Haight St.
PLEASING lady to run a 12-room lodging-
house in a desirable location. Address box
133?, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on under-
skirts and fancy goods. ZUCKERMAN &
CO.. 523 Market St., rooms 8 and 9.
WOMAN between 25 and 40 years to do house-
work and assist in care of children; $10. Ad-
dress 739 Shrader st.
HOUSEKEEPER; must be an American, ac-
customed to care children, 35 to 40 years old
Box 1014. Call office.
WANTED — Smart operator on tailoring and
also an experienced apprentice In operating
at 839 Jersey st., bet. Noe and Castro and
Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth sts.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1269 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; good pay; steady work: Wheeler &
Wilson and Singer machines. BAUER BROS.
& CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— 3 competent salespeople for cloak
department. Apply before 10 a. m. C. CUR-
TIN. 911 and »13 Market st.
WANTED— pants finisher. 724
Market St., room 27.
j YOUNG lady to learn retouching; good pay
when competent: instruction, 6 weeks. $10.
Box 1562. Call office.
GIRL for housework; $15. 3321 Twenty-third
st., Apply Monday.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD., Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth. '
OPERATORS on shirts: a few apprentices
taken. LEV! STRAUSS & CO., 36>_ Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
' GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
I STRAUSS & CO.. 36& Fremont st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit-
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
pies and advertise California Orange Syrup-
s 2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— for general housework In Oak-
land; must be good cook; two in family
wages $25; first-class references required- an-
swer stating nationality. Box 1279, Call.
I WANTED— First-class talloresn and buttonhole
maker. BOWHAY. 516 Sutter at. tunQO ' e
! WANTED— First-class skirt hands. BOWHAY.
. 51G Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; also appren-
, tlce; steady work. 354 Geary st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work~on fruit at
3,6 San Jose aye.
G ifl^ tO Sc^ lS st: 1 n h e_ a y ea^ light houseworkT
1413Ve Scott st.. near Geary. -«*»-
I °W\ Oc-rm«n speaking, for housework. 1053
HELP WANTED — Male.
I FREE FARE FREE PARP
WANTED 50 MEN AND..........; FARE
•••• •••• STRONG BOYS* FOR
light work in sugar-beet field, near city rood
healthy locality, at $28 50 per month' and
610 a ™ : ? ee . Party here - W " D EWER & CO --
Dili I_.1(1J _>t.
: MEN V, ANTED to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only . institution teaching the tonso-
rla art; constant practice; expert instruction-
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages- nol
sitions guaranteed: call or write for lllua-
LFCF C^?'?? Ue " MOHLER'S BARBER COII
— »r-tjiii, too Clay st. .
WANTED— A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the test
fraternal orders in the United States Call
or address DR. W. M. PARK. 24 §lxth st
San Francisco. Cal.; office hours, 10 , m
WANTED-Flrst-class carpenter foreman. $4
to $5 day. to buy cottage and lot and nay
part in work: must be Al fully com nt tint
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market rt"
W^ TED 7 50 IMr !>enter.-. Goat Island; a copy
of this advertisement presented to captain of
tug Vigilant, pier 7. will pass to island if kit
CAMPBELL^pj^TT'gs. * CCOm^
WANTED— A steady boy 18 to 20 years old to
wash dishes and assist In delicatessen store;
wages $3 per week and board. 213 Powell st.
WANTED— Z good men. Apply at 22 Post St.,
from 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. m.. 2l_t inst.
HELP WANTED — Male.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
9 stablemen, good jobs, ?40. |35, $3", $25, J2O
and found :
Fruit-box makers — sandstone cutters, $5 day
$45 and found, 6 men as deckhands, no ex-
perience
8 boys to pick seeds, Santa Clara County
.•; J23 and found
.'.'.■'.'.'....... ARE YOU MARRIED?
3 farmers and wives and milkers and wives..
; $40, $35 and found
2 "cooks' and wives.. 540 and found
MEN AND BOYS FOR FACTORIES, MANL-
facturing company's stores, learn trades,
cash boys learn waiting, dishwashing, can-
washing, etc., $36, $30. $25, *25, 520. $15, $10
and found and by the week and day
Milk wagon driver, city Job. $2a and found
Help wanted for Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands and Arizona, $6, $0, $4. $3 day
12 drillers S P. .pass free — 75 and $3 day
MURRAY 4 READY. 634 and 836 Clay st.
$30 AND FOUND ••■-•■• ••
23 men and strong boys for the best and
largest orchard, vineyard and farm in Cali-
fornia, fare $1 (no experience required), your
work will be to pick fruits and pack them,
work in packing houses, help ship fruits to
California and Eastern markets, also to
Europe. If you are good you will bo kep-.
steady the year round at other work after th;
fruit season $30 per month and found. MLK-
RAY _• READY, €34 and 636 Clay st._
TO-DAY v. ;: SHIP. v. :: PAY YOUR FARES
to the great 3S> sawmills and woods in Cali-
fornia
136 men as laborers, etc., and to wheel saw-
dust, pile lumber, learn to run machines and
a other din rent positions; wages from •?-') to
$40 per month, with good food, good lodgings
and beautiful climate to* work in (no experi-
ence required), you will suit, com" and see us;
woodchoppers and tic-makers by the hundreds,
fare paid, tools and food furnished, $2 to $1
cord, 12c each. MURRAY & READY, 034 and
636 Clay st.
YOU CAN MAKE BIG MONEY
fruit pickers, men or boys, no experience re-
. quired, anybody will suit, 90 days' work. $30
per month and found, fare $1 50, ■■.. $1. MUII-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Kt. _
WE SHIP YOU i 'I: ■■:•: FREE FARE
to every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad); drill-
ers, headermen, hammersmen, laborers, team-
sters, section laborers, etc., $3 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay =t.
FOR A STATE SENATOR
6 good 4-horse teamsters, fare $1.*34 and found
6 laborers, fare 50c. no experience. ?60. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
FARE PAID BOTH WAYS 77.
BOSS HERE 9:30 A. M.
6 teamsters for horses... 6 laborers
$30 ptr month and found, including lodgings,
20 miles away. MURRAY «_ READY, 631 and
636 Clay st.
HERE'S SOMETHING GOOD T7T777~T
12 men as laborers for a ranch, fare We, $50
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
MILKERS.. ...CHOREM'EN FARM HANDS
14 milkers for good steady jobs
$30, $25 and found
S3 farm hands for good steady Jobs
$25, $30, $25 and founi
12 choremen and boys for farms, $30. $26. $2,' i.
$20, $15, $10 per month and found Come
and See
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
HAY BALERS
29 men for hay and harvest fields
$2. $1 50, $125 day
$3 50 day and board for strong men to bale
hay
' MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
GOLD MINES COAL MINES
SILVER MINES
Fireman $50
24 laborers (no experience
$.-,2 £0; $40 and $30 and found
9 miners, hard rock, double $75
5 waiters for mines -. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it.
BOILER-MAKERS BLACKSMITHS
2 boiler-makers, steady Job, country. -$3 25 day
Including board, lodging, etc
12 blacksmiths, $60, $50, $40, $30 nd found....
Wood turners and mill bench hands >3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-6C6 Clay st
GOVERNMENT WORK .-..
6 carpenters, free fare. S hours $3 day
WAGONMAKERS ..CARRIAGE PAINTERS
CABINETMAKERS. ...MURRAY _; READY,
624 and €36 Clay st.
SHINGLE SAWYERS AND JOINERS. TAL-
LYMEN MILL BENCH HANDS, TREE
FELLERS. CROSSCUT SAWYERS and 60
other different Jobs in mills and woods. JC'O.
$SO, $70, $65, $50, $40, $30 and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
27 COOKS $SO, $45, $40, $35. $30 and found
34 WAITERS $35, $30. $25. $20 and found
42 DISHWASHERS $25 $20. $15 and found
ELEVATOR AND BELL BOYS
PORTERS. JANITORS
....LAUNDRY HELP* $25. $30. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, E34-C Clay 8 t
BAKERS SHOEMAKERS
3 first, 4 second. 3 third hands and boys to
learn. $50. $45. $36, $30, $25. $20, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 lay st.
FEE— FREE— FEE.
FARE FREE FARE FREE
10 stonemasons $" .vi a day
25 stonemason helpers $2 to $2 ."<0 a day
50 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
SO 2-horse teamsters $1 73 a day
100 laborer* $1 75 to $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad.
All Free Fee and Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
VALLEY ROAD FREE FARE
6 plowholders 52 15 a day
6 scraper loaders 15 a day
60 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers $1 75 a day
C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st.
STABLEMAN, $40; man about place. $20: same.
$15; German choreman for a ranch. $30, fare
50c: milker, $20; blacksmith, $2 50 a day?
blacksmith helper, ranch, $35: blacksmith,
vineyard. $30; 2 fruit pickers, $25 and found,
see boss here; tlemakers. 12c Santa Cruz
County; 6 laborers to build a railroad in the
woods, $30 and found, see boss here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MEAT cook, country hotel. $50; cook, country
restaurant. $50 and room-; cook, country in-
stitution, $40; cook, country boarding-house.
$40; fry cook, restaurant. $50; cook, small
resort. $40; cook, $? a week: night cook, $10
a week; butcher, restaurant. $35: butcher,
country shop, $30 and found: dishwashers,
vegetablemen, potwashers and porters for
restaurants and hotels. $15 to $30; bakers'
helper, restaurant, $25 and board.
Waiter, country restaurant, $35 and room;
waiter, springs, $22 GO; porter, country hotel.
$20, see party here, fare advanced; dyer and
cleaner, country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
40 men and strong boys, no experience needed.
to cut bee,t tons; 2 months' Job, $1 10 a day
and board: call early Monday; ship Monday
afternoon; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
50 :.. 50 50
Men and strong boys to pick fruit and al-
monds; 2 to 3 months' work; no experience
needed: $1 a day and found; for Yok) and
Butte counties.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
GARDENER and wife cook for a gentleman's
country place; $50 and found: references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 G?ary St.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
civil service or census examination without
seeing our catalogue of information; sent free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washing-
ton. D. C.
GOOD lithographic engraver, either San Jose or
San Francisco as preferred. Address Mo-
NEIL BROS., San Jose.
GROCERY clerk experience. Call at 500 Fourth
st.. bet. 10 and 11 a. m. Monday; German;
reference. ;
FIRST-CLASS candy and ice cream maker for
country. Address box 1362, Call. ■
WANTED— Harness maker for general work
for country. 265 Stevenson st.
V. ANTED— First-class men to work In brick
yard at South San Francisco, San Mate Co.
CARRIAGE maker; first-class body maker. Bay
View Carriage Factory. San Rafael.
COATMAKER by CHAS. JAEGER, San Ra-
fael.
MAN to sell extract malt ale and stout. Ap-
ply Phoenix Brewery. 523 Noe st.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Gordon Job presses,
16 Fremont st.
WANTED— A first-class upholsterer. 2304 Fill-
more st.
WILL you canvass and collect? If so write
box 1254. Call office. '
GOOD canvassers, men and boys, to sell sou-
venir medals. DANZJGER, 212 Battery st.
MR. DUNN, the laundryman— Please call at
62 Jackson st.
WANTED— An experienced bookkeeper; state
age, experience and salary expected: refer-
ences required. Address bos 1248. Call.
WANTED— Errand boy for printing- office Mon-
day morning. JOHN PARTRIDGE. 306 Cali-
fornia st.
GOOD tailor for custom coats. 106 Battery
street. .
2 BOYS about 16 years of age Monday morning, '
8 o'clock. 215 Valencia st. . . -••■,.
WANTED — Second cook. " and 5 Jackson st.
WANTED— A good dishwasher; some cooking
to do: *7 week. HO Fourth st.
BRIGHT boy for restaurant work; wages $5
1 per week. 212 O'Farrell st.
TAILORS wanted on custom coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.HELP WANTED — Male.
iTEADY position for good manufacturing Jew-
eler; state salary and reference. Box 1266,
Tall office.
;oor» metal polisher wanted. Apply to E. G.
DENNISTON Plating Works, Cis Mission st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 637 Bran-
tian M.
SOY wanted in plumbing chop. Apply 1526
I'olk st.
:LDERLY man for light housework for board
and thing; references. 122 Howard ft.
"WO first-class bench hands wanted. Planing
Mill. Market nnd Dolores sts.
;c)OL) strens boy wanted at Planing Mill, Mar-
ket nuJ Dolores sts.
tETURNED BOldlers Monday morning to sell
'•Dewey Cannon Badges." J. BELL, Pier No..
9, foot of Broadway.
VANTED-- Young man to arrange crockery
and liecj. up stock. Apply to H. BCHELL-
HAAS. Furniture Dealer, Eleventh St., Oak-
land.
tYANTEIv- First-claps ladles' tailors. BOW-
HAY, .16 Sutter st.
iVANTKU-2 reliable cooks to take chaise of
pood restnni in Nevada: small capital re-
qulred. Inqulro W. J. BELL, room 247,
Golden West Hotel, at 12 Clock Friday and
Saturday.
SOYS rrorn 14 to IS years. Apply at 246 Sutter
st.. room 14.
4OANS on valuables made rough Wells-Far-
po Express. UNCLE ARRIS, IS Grant aye.
IVANTKP-3 solicitors to work on wagon; also
man to act as wagon boss. 156 Fifth st.
MAN to do janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber School. 13S ...... St.
PAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-voled While waiting, 25c to
50c. 662 Mission ft., between Ist and 2d -;■>
fi MEN— Call to-day: get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
rlightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 604-506 Davis st.
i!EX wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Oranse Syrup; $2
per lay and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent -tamp. California
Orai.se - rup rvi San Francisco. Cal.
iVANTEJ*- Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 '' and $2; board. $4 60 per week. Apply E.
P.. STONE" 3 camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road
ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
thnt Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
in for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Towneend »ti.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to orfler, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' I'roßrresslve Union; free employ-
m"t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 150 meals; best in city. 40« McAllis-
ter st.
MEN CRn learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket ft : free shaving in students' department.
KAIIXiP.P and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Eteuart st.
ZOO SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per nlpht. l.!nc>ll. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
PENSH NTS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
r.eys, Hearst 1 ; lg.. Third and Market.
BINGLE rooms. 15c, Me, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to J! f ) work. Elcho House. S63H Market ft.
THY Acme use, 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
■WINCH ESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7 "> room?. 23c night; reading room; free
'bus and Cgage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfl pngey. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
HORSE'S. LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
40 HORSES- for sale; alsi wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse ! rket,
S?7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
: IVAN A- DOYLE-. Auctioneers.
100 HEAD One dairy milch cows for Bale. Ap-
ply at 241 Seventh ft.. S. F.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
BTEL. f>»fHr»rv d<>rH<.t. sr>s On! > n Gate.
HOUSES — LODGING — For Sale.
ROOMING and boarding-house, full of perma-
nent No. 1 people; 22 rooms well furnished:
sure profit "f $100 to $125 a month: 111 health
cause of sale: positively cheap at $i 3o t but
$1100 takes it: two-thirds cash, balance pay-
ments, j. W. DONNELLY _ CO., 632
Market St.
I_ H. WINSTON -. CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
2s rooms: rent $:.(): always full $750
47 rooms; cor.; rent $71 snap; see it.... 1250
20 rooms; rent $75: north of Market st . . . 450
3»i rooms: half cost: ■nap 1000
$125 — GREAT bargain In small flat; 3 rooms and
bath; fim? furniture; nearly new; cozy home;
Larkin st. COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719
Market st.
I GOOD houses, Tie 18 rooms, one 21 rooms;
will r^nt furnished or sell on easy payments.
Room 2. 10Q7M Market st., near Sixth.
HOWARD, 71.%— Eleeant lodging-house; 200 sun-
ny rooms; investigate Immediately.
$750— HOUSE 17 rms., nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled; ■ •■ ■■-. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott big.
HOUSES TO LET.
A M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. 1 FLATS.
F. 04 Natoma.; 9 r....5!5 ! 415% Baker; 7 r....525
7.">; Folsoni; 7 r 21 ' 379 Geary; 6 T....V 50
1109 Phot well; 6 r. 2011720 Page; 6 r 24
C2O Valencia; C r.. 201253 Union; 6 r....22 60
3X6 . th; 6 r 13331 Eddy; 4 r 22 60
3012 2:th; 5 r 13152S Hayes; 6 r IS
310 Jersey; 5 r.... 13 1608 Turk; 6 r 17 60
(ÜBHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
JL'2 JrO— lo73 Union bt. ; 10 rooms and bath.
ttTi— lM Golden Gate aye. ; 10 rooms and bath.
$21— 1433 Ellis St.; 6 rooms and bath.
$11—01 Richiand aye.; 4 rooms.
520 — 1210 Valencia st. ; 6 rooms and bath.
$10— 317 Natoma f-t. ; 6 rooms and bath.
Jl2 5C— 521 Arkansas St.; 4 rooms and bath.
$12—274 Tehama st.; 4 rooms.
FOR PALE or to rent; 11 Caselli aye., near
Eighteenth Ft., west of Douglas; new mod-
ern house of 8 rms; nicely decorated; rent $18.
HOUSE of 10 rooms and bath, with large gar-
den and stable. 4 Coillngwood St., near Sev-
enteenth anil Castro.
HOWARD, 2205, in Mission warm House
of 9 rooms, bat)-., yard and basement; rent
reasonable to desirable parties.
HOUEE bunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
LAGUNA, 1715 and 1717—2 nice sunny 8-room
houses; newly papered and painted; $30.
HOTWELL, 1109— Fine house; 6 rooms, bath,
basement and stable.
SUNNY house of 6 rooms and bath; west side
Washington St.. near Larkln. Key at 1621
Washington Bt.
TO LET— A house of 5 rooms and bath; rert
low. $16 Laguna -1
'.WO fine houses In splendid condition, S3BB and
**92 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero: 1 and 12
rooms. ■
tUJ—HOUSE of 6 rooms. 8260 Twenty-second
Ft., near Valencia.
{18— NICE story house of 8 rooms. 11 Cali-
fornia aye., near. Mlsslon-st. car house.
35_THREE-STORY hay-window house in good
order, with large yard and stable; 1529 How-
nrd Bt. Apply to the owner. E. ItOBINET,
411'/. California st. ■
HQO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
y-alsklns. pianos, guns. HARRIS. 1.1 Grant-
HOUSES TO LET Knrnlnhed.
ftN Ifleal new furnished Alameda sunny corner
. residence, to let or pale. See photo office
BURN HAM &. MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery.
FURNITURE of 6-room house for sale cheap;
also housa for rent. Address 904 Kearny at. _
BIRCH A\"ir7 6. off Larkln— 4 rooms and bath;
nkt-ly furnished ______________
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board ana
treatment, $15 a week. ________-,
LOST AND FOUND.
100 REWARD; lost. Friday. August 18, a soli-
taire diamond , in, sunburst ahape, black
enameled. Return to SHREVE & CO., Crock-
er building, and receive above reward.
_OST— In Oakland, on Broadway, between
Webster's Studio and Smith* store, a lady's
preen purne. Return to- 1520 Central aye.,
Alameda, and receive reward.
I/TiST— A larpe silver-grajr skye terrier dog:
answers to the name of "John." Finder will
receive a liberal reward by returning same to
15 Grant aye.
LOST— Saturday evening, female pug dog:
nickel-plated collar: no lock. Return to 101
O'Farrell «t. and receive reward^
Vi.ST— Ladies' brooch; cluster white enameled
Mowers, gold centers; reward. 1802 , ■■1!1U.
I^O.ST— Wednesday evening, on McAllister St..
piilr of opera glasses. Return to 136 Fulton
ft.; reward.
LOST— Black cockerel pup, five months old;
liberal reward if returned. 202- California st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Fur boa, last Sunday, at Presidio or on
cars; ♦;, reward. 815 Golden Gate aw.
LOST— Diamond of about 14 carats, on Friday
afternoon, vicinity of Market st. ; liberal re-
ward at Grand Hotel. GEORGE F. JOHN-
SO_^» .
LOST— A small silver watch with gold shield
on front with initials. Please return to 2227
Taylor st. and receive reward.
LOST.JuIy 23.— Black cocker spaniel pup, 2
months old. 1313 Larkln; reward.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and epeedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend; a home, lor patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of. l home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. QWYER, 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice. },*> positively; no Instruments used; safe
! and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day. save time and expense -by consulting
first the only reliable ladles' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours j a. in.
to 5 p. m.. 7to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 4.
1 A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
i cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
I ever cause): t-afe and sure; relief Guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
came day; no Instruments 1 ed; cure at of-
fice, $5: home in confinement ; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, tree, before Ing else-
where. MRS. DR. WVKTII. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12 and ? to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints: private home
In confinement; every comfort: Infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention; in-
stant re'ief for travelers: all those who are
sick or discouraged should call: they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure. $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
r "i years' practice; safe and «;ui;k cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind symr thy and .'.ld: sure rell»T,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.. ba' !es adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market st.,
pills. $1: very strong, $2.
! IMPORTANT — A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female trcubles. from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5: restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free: ladles' physician, Practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician ; never
falls to cure; consult him Irst, save time and
money: treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., Ban
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over SOOO varieties being usej;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
LADIES'. — Chlchester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for partlc lars, "Relief
for Ladles," in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phllada.. Pa.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, Fat' sure; maternity home;
no Instruments; consultation free, confidential;
homo treatment, ss. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SIL \. 21a'4 Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladies' friend
In trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
NICE private home to confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city: Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home In confinement, by German
midwife; Infants adopted Into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 621 Eddy: phone Hyde 2353.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills: safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS * CO.. dmere-iMs. 4"<; Clay, sole nsrents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
' $:00,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. IE Grant aye.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. IBS Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HTM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
«>ases of the human hrvdv 11* Mason 't.
MISCELLANEOUS For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH - WOLFMAN, 195-19" Fremont st.
COUNTRY newspapers for sale on. cash and
terms: have some fine propositions. W. F.
CORNELL _ CO., Printers 1 Exchange, 61S
Sacramento St.. San Francisco.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS camping or mining outfit; 2
horses, harness and wagon. 1017 Mission Ft
NEW White' sewing machine for sale at a
I sacrifice. E. A. P., 709 Shotwell st.
I JULI.\N AYE., 192 k cor Sixteenth— Lodging-
house; 11 rooms; all rented; $130; rent $16.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought. Bold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
_■• -MILE-POWER U. S. regulation field glass;
cost originally $35; for $11. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS", 15 Grant aye. /:-„";:•"/
COW and calf for sale. 118 Thirteenth aye.
PURE distilled water ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage txtra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ire Co.. 420 Eighth St., S. F.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
In. gas engine; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H. P. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN. 648 Mission.
I A— s3 M DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 130 Kearny st.. near Pine.
I FINE suit. $? 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL Ml -
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 613 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
BILLIARD tables; few remodeied. good as
new: ch«ap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKS! CO.. 655 Market st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought. gold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand! all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. 9. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Eimhurst.
BICYCLE: must be Al; state price and make.
Box 3291. Call office^
WANTED— hire, 100 first-class scraper team*
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
PTONK. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
-1 moval or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
nay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity: see us first:
vou'wlli be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call eB-69 Ponohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission ■_. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. -
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate 3d
and 2d mortgages. estates, real estate in pro-
bate- mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay n. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jsw-
elrv at the lowest rat«. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. «4« Market Ft.: telephone Main 1644.
A - ■- amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to Balarled people on note with-
nut Inflow-. MORRET.L. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Offtce. 214 Grant ave^-Money
loaned nn diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
tui tm ISO 000- lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
KZ VropoVltlon. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
TTkt c.rntmre Dianos, without removal; no
"^mSlonNHvate.'LlCK. 116 McAllister -t
\mvFY loaned salaried people on their notes
M w»hnut Indorser TOUS-KY. t« Parrott Mg
Vr> «nnr nrnnerty Is mortgaged and you need
H._tUllFHr..« Market S t.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are Belling i. od upright pianos for $6 1
rash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi- j
pate and approve this method; prices are the ;
tame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter !
us.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and |
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house '■
west of Chicago Is KOHLER „ CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
ell other musical Instruments of all grades j
an>l prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every- |
thing possible do to please and ratisfy the !
customer.
AN almost new St°lnway upright sacrificed.
Room 12, Flood building. Fourth and Market.
GOOD piano in storatrn on sale cheap for cash. '
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market St. |
A NUMBER of good second-hand i\ rights for
tale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
A DECKER & SON, th« piano for you to buy; |
' beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinwny* upright cheap.
SCHMIT7.'. 16 '-cAlllster. next Hlb->rnla Bank.
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano In fine eondtllbn; alno
the famous Hornunsc Bros. 216 McAllister ft.
CHEAP Kteinway upright; also the famous |
Hornunc I'.ros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $G9 up; installments. $5 75 up: i
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 El'U. j
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30*
Post st. .
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
W. O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for j
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; -e\v scale; new styles. KOH-
T.FR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell Ft.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, .id and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOKES — To Let.
EMMA SPRECKE_S bl_D_~ 927 '—IrketTstT
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Lleht. heat. Janitor and telephone included.
ASHT'iN & GARDINER. Room 210.
I CORNER store, with fixtures 4 rooms, yard.
stable: good for bakery or grocery; $10. 112
San Jose aye. i
$11— STORE, three sunny rooms and cellar.
100S Natoma st.. near Eleventh.
$15— KTORE and three living rooms and bath
at SW. cor. Scott and Ellis Bts.
TO-LET— Office, first floor. 1032 Market St.,
opp. Fifth.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business; $30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth sts. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 California st.
FOR rent-Store. 8814 Howard St.; Just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
& CO.. 11"* Montgomery st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEHGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main 616 Geary st., above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to Bp. m. : reading- by mall. $1. j
PARTNERS WANTED.
MAN that Is a salesman and has $300 to invest
in a business that will bear investigation.
■■■3 Market st., near Sanchez.
PERSONALS. .
wTxTElS^anformation of MISS CHRISTINA
aiLLIGAN of Galway; went to Australia
about 9 years ago; afterward to America. Any
one will oblige by communicating about her
with li. DAI IS. Esq.. Galway. Ireland.
REFINED young lady desires acquaintance of j
Kontleman of M>nie means; object, matrimony. ]
Add] box 1132 Call office.
ELDERLY, wealthy gentleman, alone, quite
lonely, will appreciate with all his heart 1
kind wife. Comrade, 288 W. Seventieth St., !
New York. j
GENTLEMAN with some means wishes ac- t
quaintance of some lady; marriage is agree- j
able. Address box 133. Call office.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA Is the hair tonic
that you can depend upon: no evil results
from Its use; 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
1 HAIR dressing Is a high art which LEDERER
: has studied to perfection; 25c only; line win-
i dow display of switches this week, fine ones
$1; extra fine $2 60. 11:3 Stockton st.
FOR rent— On day and evening of the parade
of the California soldiers, large bay-windov;
accommodate 6 people; reasonable. Inquire
room 2!>, 1206 Market st
2 WINDOWS on Van Ness aye. to rent during
parade; telephone this morning or any even-
ing after 7 o'clock. Telephone Jessie 1031.
PRIVATE r<-?ld««ice for ladles . in delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st.,
Alameda.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs Mansfield & Porterfleld. 838 Market at.
NEW 1 ire for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS, 895 Market at., office 2.
TO invalids— Those afflicted with kidney, blad-
der and stomach troubles: There is a well of
; ure living water in the city of Oakland that
[_ good for these troubles; any parties who
desire to use this water can rent a nice sunny
I cottage of Fix rooms and bath for a reason-
I able ; rice with the free use of this water;
try it. Box 84S. Call office. Oakland.
I RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. QEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
FAT is fatal to beauty and health; we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
MART— get my handsome cape at the Eastern
1 ' Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton St.. near Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In
that line on easy payments.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
Ban Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1i44
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.t near Market: 700 rooms:
2Ec to ri SO per night; $1 GO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T. BRILLIANT, 333-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor- |
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
]JH CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye. ;
office at Hors» Hospital, 610 Golden Gate.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TAN I. 313 Sutter st.
RUPTURE. stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Plne.ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folaom Et.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and »th.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. MS O'Farrell. bet. Powell * Mason
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment daily, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 12CC Market St., room 6.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and resldenoe.
1021H Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — — For Sale.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery St.
$9000— NW. corner; finest view of bay and
Presidio In the city: NW. Larkin and Chest-
nut- California and Hyde st. cars in 1 block;
: 145-0x139:6 or In subdivision as follows:
$3000— For corner 37:6x139:6.
jicoo— For Inside lots, 27x139:6; easy terms.
Corner lot; Fifteenth, near Valencia;
choice for flats; light for every room.
$100— Lots couth of Park; buy for your chll- ;
000— Stores and flats; Devlsadero; 75-foot j
front; paying 6 per cent net; sure to Increase J
In value.
Cottage In warm belt of Mission; 5
rooms and bath: high basement; make offer. j
$3250— Flats; Hartford St., near Castro and
1 Nineteenth; 4 and 5 rooma and bath; rents ;
$27 60. •
$4500— Howard, near Eighteenth; 8 rooms and
bath; can be altered to fiats and pay good In- j
$5600— New flats; Frederick near Clayton and
the Park; rents $630 per annum; easy terms.
HAWKS & skelton,
321 Montgomery st.
$5000— RENTS $50; new flats on Federal St.,
near Second and Bryant; must be sold.
$3600— go; Pine st.. near Baker; 2-story
7-room house; street bliuminlzed.
UOO NIC* building lot In the Mission.
$400— Fine lots In Castro-st. addition; forced
$250— A bargain in Excelsior Homestead ; cost
$400; two blocks from cars; ready for building;
level
Low price; good lots on Nineteenth aye.
boulevard: easy terms. ' :■ : - ■■ ■
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$1700— NEW house 9 rooms and bath. SPECK,
I 667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
G. H. UMBPEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS.
$20,000— Corner on Battery St.; Improvements 1
renting for $1404 per annum; 47:6x137:6.
$15.500 — Price greatly reduced; corner on
Howard st.; 2 stores with living rooms and
4 lints of 7 and 5 rooms and bath, each; rent ,
$10SU per annum; brick foundation, etc.; large
lot, 35x122:6; $10,000 can remain at 6V_ per cent
per annum; owner going to Germany to live.
$12,500— Turk-st. business property; 6 flats; 1
rents $ir,s; 25x137:6; a short distance from Mar- i
ket street.
$10,500— Corner on Folsom st.: store and flat;
rent $~2'J per annum: two-thirds of lot vacant;
7jxSo; both streets accepted.
$9000— Business property on Ci y it.; 2 stores .
and imper flat; rent about $85 per month; real j
bargain.
$12,500 — Third St., a short distance from Mar- j
ket; 3-story brick building In store and upper
floors; rent $!)60 per annum.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$21.000— Rents $2160 per annum; corner on i
Powell st.; t> two-story houses, 3 of 9 rooms and
bath, each, and E of 7 roonis and bath, each; ■
IJ7:6xS7:«; 3 frontages.
$12,500— Rents $1230 per annum; 3 houses, con-
sisting of 5 mom-, and bath, each; 2 houses of
6 roonis and bath, each; £5x137:6; Western Ad-
dition; good location.
$11,500— Pacific Heights bargain; rents $1200
per annum: ! new, palatial flats of 12 and 10 :
rooms, Lath, billiard room, wlneroom, cellar, !
laundry, etc ■ h; finished In natural hard
woods; nickel-plated '-i^n plumbing; elite lo-
cation; must '■ ■■ ■■ : to )••■ appreciated; 27:3 x I
105; owner going to leave city.
$8200— Must be seen to be appreciated; we axe
instructed by the attorneys for the heirs in
the East to offer this property at this price; ;
last cuurt appraisement $11,000; 3 houses of 8,
T and 7 rooma and bath, each: rents $792 per
annum; 50:3xl00; Nos. 1537, 1539 and 1543 Lar-
kln et., near Clay.
$6600— Corner In the Mission warm belt; 25x75;
2 elegant modern flats of 6 rooms and bath, j
each; rents $4M) per annum.
$4000— Rents $576 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 4 tenements; i.'.x^.
$3700— A line corner on Pacific St.; 2 cottages
of 6 and 6 rooms and bath, each; rent $31 60; i
should be changed Into 4 tenements; guud rent-
Ing location.
$2000— Rents $312 per annum; Natoma st.
RESIDENCES.
120,000— Elite location; Pacific Heights: ex-
cellent marine views; an admirably planned j
resilience; large sunny rooms; very attractive
exterior; built by the day; very sunny; never
before offered for sale; large lot 7">x137:6; south
front.
Jl4, loo— Jackson St.; Pacific Heights; elegant;
Eastlake mansion of 14 rooms, etc., etc.; 30x j
127 :t>'>4 ; must be seen to be appreciated.
$Soofi— Large, modern 2-story residence on |
Guerrero St.; 9 rooms, bath, bay windows, etc.;
large lot, 34x117:6 to alley; splendid unobstruct- j
ed views.
COTTAGES AND LOTS.
$1050— Mission warm belt; Sixteenth and States
Ft? : 2 frontages; cttage of 5 rooms and bath,
laundry, etc. ; 25x125.
$12,000— Pacific Heights; grand marine view;
Broadway; 34:4V_x137:6; very choice.
$2000— Southslde block; 240x600; 60 lots; this is
a bargain.
We are offering on very easy terms the lots
at Waller and Steiner sts. for the German
Savings and Loan Society; street work done ,
complete; lots all ready to build on; terms
one-quarter cash, balance at 7 per cent; only a .
few left
$12r.0 and upward— Choice building lots; very i
cheap: Noe, Fourteenth and Henry sts.; l'
block from Market: 25x115 and 2.".xin5, each;
level, on grade and ready for building; offered
at very low prices, and being so nicely located
are gelling rapidly.
Choice list of building lots in every part of .
the city at prices to suit.
See our auction advertisement in another
column.
CbII and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSGN _ co..
14 Montgomery at.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT, RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTT.
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST..
MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1>99,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON".
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
X 22 Chestnut st., N. line 120 feet W et
Dupont; S-atory house, 9 rooms, bath, briek 1
foundation: street accepted; lot 20x70; tubject
to confirmation by court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
322 Fremont st., SW. li.ne 208 feet SE. of
Folsom; residence of 13 rooms, bath: lot
22:6x100 to rear alley; subject to confirmation
by court.
BEULAH-ST. COTTAGE.
125 Beulnh St., S. line 231 feet E. of Stan-
yan; bay-window cottage, 7 rooms, bath, large
basement, brick foundation, etc.; street ac-
cepted; lot 25x137:6; with or without furniture,
which is complete.
BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
615, 627 and 629 Broderick st., W. line 100
feet N. of Grove; 3 bay- window flats, 6, 6 and i
6 rooms, bath, each; rents $42 50, which are!
low; cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x100;
part cash; balance on easy terms.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
628, 630. 632 and 534 Folsom tt.. NW. line]
275 feet SW. of First; choice location; rapidly
becoming manufacturing property; rents $100
per month; lot 80x80.
ELEVENTH-ST. FLATS.
384 and 354. Eleventh St., SW. line 306 fe«t
SE. of Folsom; 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms, bath,
each; rents $38 per month; street accepted; lot I
30x66.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGES.
€05 and 607 Diamond st., E. line f 3 feet S. of
Twenty-third, bay-window cottages, 5 rooms, !
bath, each; cement walks, etc.; lots 25x100 j
each; part cash; balance on easy terms.
McALLISTER-ST. COTTAGE.
1611 McAllister Ft., S. line 225 feet W. of
Parker aye. ; bay-window cottage, 5 rooms,
bath cement walk, etc.; lot 25xM:6; mortgage .
of $.00 can remain.
POND-ST. COTTAGE.
39 Pond St.. E. line 187:6 feet S. of Sixteenth;
2-story house of 8 rooms, bath; rent $16; can be
converted Into 2 flats at small cost; cement j
walk; street bltumlnlzed; lot 25xS6:G; part caeu, ,
balance 011 easy terms.
— — —
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE.
1017 Lombard St., S. line 100:6 feet E. of i
Hyd"; cottage, 4 rooms and bath; rent $16; i
lot 21x137:6.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
4401 Eighteenth St., SW. corner of Eureka;
bay-window residence of 10 rooms, bath, and i
parlor floor Is elegantly finished in natural
wood; streets bltumlnlzed; lot 35x75.
SANCHEZ-ST. FLATS.
1253 Sanchez st., NE. corner of Clipper; 3 \
bay-window flats, 5, 5 and 4 moms, bath, each; !
rents $32 per month; lot 28x80; part cash; bal-
ance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-ST. FLATS.
409 and 411 Lombard St., S. line SO feet W.
of Dupont; 4 bay-window flats of 4 and S
rooms, bath, each; rents $56; stone walk; brick '
foundation; street accepted; lot 40x90.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
1426 California St., N. line 75 feet E. of Lai !
kin; 3 new bay-window flats of 7, 6 and 6
rooma, bath, each; rents $106; brick foundation;
cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x70:10.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
THE first is near at hand and the landlords !
are happy. Why not buy your own place and ;
j.ay it off with the same rent money? JACOB
HE-VAN, the wurklngman's friend, will
help yuu to it. I have left a new 4-room and
bath cottage on Hoffman aye.; very cheap;
on the Heyman Tract.
Call at the office and get particulars.
JACOB HKYMAN, 19 Montgomery st. j
SUNSET Beach lots and cottages for sale and '
for rent, near Golden Gate Park and boule- i
yard. JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery. ■
$750—4 rooms and bath; cottage 80x125; Alvln \
Tract, Elmhurst, near Oakland; easy terms. :
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PACIFIC HEIGHTS ,
NEW MODERN RESIDENCES
GRAND MARINE VIEW !
Northwest corner of Vallejo and Flllmore sts. ■
Each house contains natural wood finish j
throughout, very latest Improvements; open
plumbing, electric lli-htlng, eto.
CALL AND SEi THEM TO-DAY
....REPRESENTATI\ _ ON PREMISES....
Houses open dally from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
HOOKER _ LENT, 14 Post st.
................ TWO BARGAINS ................
$1000 down, balance same as rent; 7 and 9
room houses; every room sunny; well built
and up to date; Carl St., near Stanyan; blue
cars, Eddy-Bt. line, pass the door; Haight-st.
care transfer at Masonic aye. ; owner on
premises^
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them, j
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery _i. j
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FINE FLATS.
. $11,500— Laguna st., near Golden Gate are.,
facing Jefferson Square; 3 flats, 8 rooms each;
all rented for $95 per month.
123 Fourth aye.— Good cottage, 6 rooms and
bath and stable; lot 25x120; price, $2150.
$7500— Offer wanted; splendid residence on
Clay st., near Pierce; contains S rooms, base-
ment, etc.; lot 25x100.
A PICK-UP.
Broderick st., near Sutter: 2-story
residence of 10 rooms and bath; also stable:
extra large lot, 50x90; room for another
building.
J3soo— Rent $42; Bryant St., near Second; 2
flats. 6 rooms and bath each; also rear __use;
lot 23x90.
$4000— Guerrero St., near Twenty-second: |
rent 537; 2 Hats, 4 and '5 rooms each; best
residence location In the Mission.
$21,000— A splendid investment; Golden Gate
aye., corner of prominent street; large lot, 40x
90: Improvements consist of flats and 2 stores;
rent $177 50.
$7200— corner lot on California St.:
rent $66; 4 new flats; Improvements modern
and good.
$3000— Bryant St., between Ninth and Tenth;
2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent
$24; lot 25x85.
$7000— Rent $60; Clara St., within a few feet j
of Sixth st.; large lot 45x80; Improvements
consist of flats all rented; this is a splendid
renting locality.
$4650— Golden Gate aye., 2 flats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; rent $40; lot 25x100; big bar-
gain.
$7000— Howard St., near Seventeenth.; extra 1
large lot, 62:6x82; double .house, 7 rooms and.
bath each; rent $65; fine Investment.
$5500 — Mason St., near Washington.; large
lot, 46x70 to alley; good improvements; rented i
for $43 60; good big bargain.
$11, 000 — Jackson St., east of Leavenworth; 6 1
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each: |
all latest conveniences; rented for $105 per j
month; extra large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A NEW BLOCK ,
FACING THE PARK.
This Is the first advertisement of the new
block Just subdivided and placed on the mar-
ket, fronting on Golden Gate Park, H s.t. and
Nineteenth aye. boulevard. All streets on
official grade, curbed, macadamized, etc.
Every lot on grade with street. These lots
are the only ones facing the park for sale
at anything like the prices at which we are
offering these beautiful lots.
ONLY $500 AND UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest on deferred payments only 6 per
cent. Remember, cars pass the property; no
walking over sand hills. Grand marine view.
Opposite Strawberry Hill and Stow Lake,
close to the new music stand, etc. This prop-
erty Is bound to increase In value. The lots
are all ready for home-builders. Go and see
them to-day. Secure your choice. Agent on
the property Sundays. We have a branch
office at II et. and Ninth aye.. open daily. I
Including Sundays and holidays, where you |
can get full particulars, or call or send to |
our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON, ELnRIDGE & CO.
SNAPS. BARGAINS.
Foreclosure; anything over this will
buy a nice residence In the Mis-
sion; 24th st. cars pass door; lot 25x
114.
$10,000— Pays IS per cent: eleven flats and one
dwelling In Al condition; always rented, |
large lot. four frontages; must be gold I
immediately.
INVESTMENTS.
$7,000— 0n Folsom st., near 4th. through to
rear street; old improvements.
$B,soo— Three-story brick and iron building;
near Kearny and Sacramento Bts.; lot
20x£9:(.
FLATS.
$3,000— $28; two flats on loth st., one- j
half block from Market st. ; lot 23x115. !
$s,soo— Three modern up-to-date flats of 5
rooms .and bath; always rented; 28x65.
$17,000— Three new flats: rents $112 50; on Fell
Bt., corner facing Panhandle; lot 31;3x
137:6.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$4,soo Elegant modern residence, near Park
Panhandle; 7 rooms and bath.
$2,500 — Bank foreclosure; nice two-story house
of 7 rooms and bath; on Shotwell st.,
near 23d.
$3,lso— Modern 7-room cottage on Golden Gate
aye.; lot 25x100.
$200 Cash, balance $800 can remain on bank j
mortgage; nice cottage; lot 25x114.
$I,3oo Nice cottage of 5 rooms; Bunny side
Btreet, near car lines; 25x100.
We hold our regular auction Bales every two I
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
AUCTION SALE OF REAL ESTATE
BY
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.
AT SALESROOM. 19 MONTGOMERY ST. '
WEDNESDAY. AUG. 30, 1599. at 12 o'clock M. !
Page St.. north side, 95 feet west or Octavia,
25x120 feet to Lily aye.; 4 Mats on Lily aye.;
rents $40.
Lot west side of Ninth St.. 250 feet south of
Harrison, 25x100 feet: artesian well on the lot.
Cottage, 230 Twenty-seventh St., near Church- j
6 rooms, bath and basement; 25x114; one-third i
cash, balance at 6 per cent.
Flats, ISOB and ISOS>V_ Union St., near Octavia: !
rents $40.
Lot. south side of Fulton St., 100 feet west
of Baker; 25x100.
Two lots, east side of Cook St., 150 feet south
of Geary; 25x120 each; one-quarter cash, bal-
ance at 6 per cent. •
Southeast corner Waller and Masonic aye.;
lot 35x105; two flats adjoining; lot 27:6x105.
Lot west side of Dame St., near Church, 200 j
feet south of Thirtieth; 25x125; one-quarter
cash, balance at 6 per cent.
Residence 2813 Pine st., near Buchanan; 3
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
Lot northwest corner of Twenty-fifth and
Douglass Bts.; 8.".x125; will be sold as a whole
or In subdivisions.
Lot southeast side of Sherwood place, off 1
Third St.. near Howard, 256 feet northeast of '
Third St.; 20x55.
Lot southwest corner of Twenty-sixth and
Diamond sts. ; 60x80.
1305 and 1305% Powell St.; store and flats;
rents $30; 22:6x45:10.
Administrator sale— Flats 506 and 506H Shot-
well st., also rear cottage; rents $36 60; lot
30x122:6.
Lot east side of Central aye., 100 feet north
of Hayes St.; 25x100.
Residence 120 Lyon St., near Oak and Golden
Gate Park; 11 rooms, bath, etc; modern and
In good condition.
Flats 3019 and 3021 Buchanan St., near Union;
rents $32; lot 20x90 feet.
We can negotiate loans on any of the above.
For further particulars apply to
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO., Auctioneers,
19 Montgomery st.
_________________________ *
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
35x137:6— Hayes St., near Flllmore; 8 flats:
rent $90; $13,600.
62:6x137:6— St., near Pine; 16-room
house; rent $50; $10,000.
80x46:8 — NE. corner Post and Stockton sts. : 80 I
on Post by 46:8 on Stockton; properly Improved 1
will rent for $1500 per month.
38:9x137:9— Union st., near Dupont; 2-story
brick building: rents $66 50; $8500.
20x68:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont: |
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 60; $8000.
26x80— Fourth St., near Harrison; | -tore and
flat: $6S00; sale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses; rents $54; $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwick: |
10 2-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
25x100— Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and j
rear house: rents $45; $5250.
22x6S:9— Pacific, near Mason;. house of eight j
looms and bath; $4500.
24:3x69:9— Green st., near Powell; new mod-
ern bay-window fiats; rents $3S: $4500.
25x122:6— Shotwell St.. near 24th; 2 flats: $3800.
60x90— Lomhard st., near Stockton; house of
10 rooms and bath; $4000.
31x122:6— Howard, nr. 19th: cottage; rents $16.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats: rents $24; $2500.
25x100— Lyon, near Geary: cottage; $2260.
23x60— Austin, near Van Ness: cottage; $2000.
22:11x65:9— 230 Francisco St., near Stockton; 3-
story house and large basement; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
• UNIMPROVED.
25x100— Florida St., north of 18th; adjoining
Union Brewery, offer wanted.
25x110— Scott st., near Washington: $3750.
10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts. .
26x105— Cor. 22d and Noe sts.: $2200.
37 -4Uxl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lota.
260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6 S. Frederick, west of Cole.
A— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and park
view, front and rear, cannot be obstructed:
•10 large Funny rooms; most expensively dec-
orated- Inlaid floors, mahogany, cherry and j
oak mantels: plate-glass windows; very costly 1
6-llght gas fixtures: French range, heaters, con-
servatory, etc. Apply • corner Fulton and
Shrader sts., from 12 to 4 p. m. McAllister!
or Hayes st. cars. t
HANDSOME bay-window cottage. « large
rooms and basement; bargain. 1530 Twelfth j
aye., : Sunset district. - . .- j
PIXLEY St.— $600; big snap; near Union
st. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
P A DOLAN, real estate owner and builder,
636 ' Market st., opp. Palace Hotel; absolute I
sacrifice, cottage of 5 large rooms; bay-win-
dow; $1500. at $12 60 monthly; street work
complete; best part of Mission.
One to 5 lots near Mission and 29th sts. ; j
graded; from $250 up; will build 4, 5 or 6 room |
cottages and sell on Installment, from $7 50 j
to $15 per month: don't sacrifice the lives of
your little ones by living In old. unhealthy
nouses: get a new home; pay the same as
rent. P. A. DOLAN. 636 Market st. 1
EXECUTOR'S sale of real estate, subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court of tl»
City and County of San Francisco.
South side of Bush St.. 110 feet westerly
from the westerly line of Polk st., 55x120 feet,
through to Fern aye., together with Improve-
ments. Nos. 1411, 1413 am! 1115 Bush st.
Bids may be made to EDWARD R. ROCK,
executor, 327 Market st., up to Sept. 3, 1399.
Terms cash In United States gold coin.
HOUSE and lot for sale— A nearly new 4-roora
cottage; brick foundation; 1 block from elec-
tric car; price $765; mortgage of $2% can be
. transferred. Inquire at 1—24 Howard st. ,
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For S*le.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth. Eighteenth, Noe and
Hartford sts.; Just placed on market; offered
cheap at very easy terms.
$S2s<v_Post Bt., near Van Ness aye.; 27:6x120
to rear street; 9 rooms and bath.
Must bo sold— Two fine flats on Hayep st.,
near Buchanan; lot 'J7:Cxl2o to rear street;
rents very tow, $'5; only $7250; make offer.
$Gsoo— Seventeenth St., near Capp;. dwelling
and lot. 50x110.
$4500— Bush St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137 :G.
$."■"""> — Gough st.. near Fulton: 11 rooms and
bath, laundry and large cellar; lot !___:«.
$3500— Guerrero st.. near Twentieth; 25x100,
two flats renting for $25.
$5000 — O'Fairell Et., near Devisadero; three
houses; rents $42 per month; lot 43x80.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-third St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3300— Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third; 2
flats; rents $1S; lot 23x117.
$2300— Church st., near Twenty-eighth; store
and Hats; 25x100.
$2500— 22 d, near Sanchez; 6 rooms and bath;
25x101.
$1800— Diamond Bt., near Nineteenth; 6 rooms
and bath; rents ?12 CO; lot 25x125.
Jl2oo— Greenwich st., near Steiner; 20xS0, and
house ot a rooms.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20.100— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octa-
via Pt. ; 60x127:1*.
Corner on Halffht and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:>jxiw; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Sutter St., near Buchanan; 2_:3x*7:6; $3335.
$2000— California St., near Broderick: 24:'JxS2:6.
Eighteenth St., corner Diamond; 2cx75; $2250.
$3CoC— Bryant St., near Twenty-fifth; 52x1u0.
SB7G0 — Clay Bt.. near Spruce; -7:6x127:8.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
jIfKH> — Filbert St.. corner Buchanan; .3x90.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st.; 25x120.
$800— Sixteenth st.. near Castro; :3xiOO.
(800 Jersey St., near Noe; 25x114.
ISW— Twentieth st, corner Doug-lass; 30x110.
$S00 — Holly Park lot, Plymouth aye., near
Mission road; 2. r >xSs.
MADISON _ HURKE, 626 Market St.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
_o_ MONTGOMERY ST., 8. F.
RENTS $65; PRICE J6300.
3 good flats on Larkln st. ; pays 1 per cent
gross; lot 24x100.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Best buy In the city; beautiful lots on Pa-
cific Heights, with marine view, will be sold at
a grand bargain; send for plat.
$13,000.
Fine residence o' 12 rooms on Pacific Heights;
marine view; lot 35:10x137:6.
BARTLETT STREET.
Near 21st; 2 good flats of 5 and 6 rooms; rent-
ed for $40; lot 25x125; price $5<WO.
£000.
Three fine flats on Minna St., near Bth; rented
for $47 monthly; a good safe Income property.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Store and 3 flata; rented for $40; lot 22:11x80;
price $3750.
POST, NEAR LARKIN.
Fine lot, 23xliH), to rear street; residence of
10 rooms; fine for doctors' offices; cars pass;
price $10,000.
GREEN STREET.
North side of Green St., near Van Ness aye..:
any size lot, with depth of 205 ftet; $115 per
fr^nt foot.
NEAR AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
Fine lots, with view of the city; $300 to $1100.
McAFEE BROTHERS. McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
SWAMP LANDS—
4612 acres In Solano County, bounded by
Cache Slough on west and south. Prospect
Slough on east; price S2 Hi per acre.
M iAFEB BR( 'THERS,
10? Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
W. H. QRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
O'Farrell, near Powell; store and ladging-
hnuse; 25x100.
Mission, near Sixth; good 4-story building,
consisting of 2 stores and lodging-house; well
rented;
tr.r,i«i — 21st. near Dolores; S rooms and bath;
fine view; 2.",x114; mortgage of J2500 can stand.
$4_>0~3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; in fine or-
der; Collingwood St., near 19th; 27:6x110.
$2800 — Only $1100 ca3h; 5 and 1 rooms and
bath; Alabama St., near 22d- 26x100.
Cottage on easy terms; 23d st.. near Har-
rison; B rooms and bath; 25xS0.
Corner of Washington and Walnut sts.; un-
obstructed marine view; 6S:!)xI27:SV 4 .
JL'7,''—- Green st., near Buchanan; 27:6x137:6. ,
$2000— Cor. 21st and Chattanooga sts.; 27x75.
$K<" — Harrison st.. near 22J, 25x100; street
bitumentzed.
$1000 — 2d aye., near Point Lobos; 23x120; $400
mortgage. .
$120,000— AN excellent piece of business prop-
erty; one of the very best corners in t wn,
paying <P_ per cent net on the price asked for
the same. For particulars address K. J., Call
office, Oakland.
$3000— WORTH fully $r>ooo, for an excellent lot
with tWO-Story building, situate nn northwest
corner of Twenty-third and Dolores sts.: pla.-c
must be cold, consequently have reduced the
price accordingly. Address for particulars to
K. J., Call office, Oakland.
3 ALREADY sold; only 1 more left; $12 EC a
month, including Interest, for a new 4-room
and bath cottage and lot; 1 block from _IIj»-
-sion-st. cars; a. bargain. OSCAR HEYM \N
14 Post Et.
SIX elegant modern flats; all rented; SE. cor.
Sacramento and Pcott; cheap. J. H. CARSE,
11 Montgomery st.
PEREMPTORY!!
AUCTION SALE!!!
AUCTION SALE!'.!
TUESDAY. AUGUST 22d, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesroom of
BHAINWALD. BI'CKBEE _ CO..
21S-220 MONTGOMERY ST..
MILLS BUILDING.
KEARNY STREET
INCOME PROPERTY.
PRESCOTT HOUSE. southwest corner
Kearny and Pacific sts. and Montgomery aye.;
substantial three-story and basement brick
building, Nos. 923 to 931 Kearny st.. Nos. 125 to
131 Montgomery aye., Nos. 613 to 617 Pacific
ft.; nine stores and 100 rooms above; property
has a frontage of over 211 feet by a depth of
107 feet 11 Inches and 137 feet 6 Inches; net In-
come In 1898 was $10,209 41; present monthly
rental. $970.
BUSINESS CORNER,
GREEN AND DUPONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER. Nos. 1401 to 1407
Dupont St.; two stores and flats above; rented
to one tenant for $70 monthly; lot 29 feet 4',_
Inches on Green St., by 67 feet 6 inches on
Dupont st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. 932 Broadway, north side, 95 feet ea3t of
Taylor st. ; cozy cottase of 6 rooms and oath;
grand view of city nnd bay: rents $17 50; lot
.2Hx62^_ feet, and extra lot 2 by lU'-W feet.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $800— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H st. Ever."
day and Sunday. •
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$75 to $300 — Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to 1260— Mission st. and Ocean View lots,
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
C C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
• Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$2800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot — North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster St.; lot 30x127:8^4 feet.
jlßOO—Western Addition lot— $9Oo! THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
MEDIUM-CLASS modern rooming-house, to
contain about 120 rooms, with baths, electric
lights and bells and all late improvements,
will be erected in a central location in thin
city for lease on moderate terms; plans and
specifications at our office. DAVIDSON &
LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4B00; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON, Builder.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$7500 — Fine residence on Devisadero st.. near
Fell: 9 rooms; modern improvements: _.'xll2:«.
each— Two cottages. 6 rooms each; lots
20x115 each; Diamond st., near Twenty-second.
$30,000— Business property yielding a yearly-
rental of $3000. For description call at tha
office.
Sr.S'jO — Rent $47; a splendid Investment, on
I Geary st.; 3-story house; store and 2 flats. 5
rooms and bath each.
-A ni.-e property on Spear St., bet. How-
i anl and Folsom.
$25,000— 1tt-.luced fmm $34, 0CA; rent $257: Lar-
kin st., south of Geary; stores and flats; a dead
I banrnir..
$4400, reduced from I,OOO— A 2-Btory house of 7
- 1 ; 1 ! > • : Fulton st., only 3 blocks
from City Hall; lot 27:6x1.17:6.
-Kent $45; Webster st.. near Washing-
ton; a fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each.
Several One 1 lon McAllister tu.
$10.'- excellent 2-story bay-window
houses on Halght st., 3 blocks from Market;
lot r.0x137:6; rent $75.
$-6,ooo— Rent il*">0: a prominent northwest cor-
ner, 65x100 feet; Improvements of 3 stores and .
. flats above and 2 cottier, all rented; there la
a fortune In this property.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Salfc
BARG-VlN— Must be 6old on account of sick-
ness ; ranch of 82 acres, in Sonoma City.
within ten minutes' walk from station: ill
In full bearing: vin^s and fruits; fine dwelling
house of 9 rooms; larßf burn and stable; new
windmill and tank)'.o-.:s^: plenty good water;
farming Implement?: everything In good con-
dition: crops ko with thi' nla.ee. For full par-
ticulars address M. JOOST & BRO.. 618
Gough St., San Francisco.
' j4,-.0— 5 AfRES at Laurel Station. $130f>— Half
cash; 40 acres; IS orchard and vineyard.
12230— Half cash; fine house; 26 acres; Vaca-
ville; 20 orchard.
I. SCHARFF. 2n Montgomery st.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $.. per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor, Mills bldg., S. F.
j . .
! F< iK sale cheap — 10-acre ranch; 5-room cottage;
large str.b'.e; mill and tank; water runs
through the place year around; hen houses
and yards for 3W) hens; 8 acres of large and
small fruit Owner, 232" Flllmore st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. IPS." Market st. : popular pric;
PROPERTY WANTED.
CASH buyer would like a modern house of 3
flats in Hayes Valley or Weßtern Addition.
not to exceed $5000; no agents. Buyer, box
', Call office.
PAIR of flats wanted: $3500. GEO. W. CHAP-
IN, 11 Montgomery Bt.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA VISTA aye., 44'J lAshbury Heights)—
Six elecant furnished rooms, with stable.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. Eighth— l large house-
keeping room; stove, laundry and bath; $7.
FIFTH, 358— J furnished connecting, $13; 2, fli;
single, $5; large room double bed, $7.
FOLSOM. 523— Par! r suite; 3 room* completely
I furnished for housekpg. ; single or en suite.
FOLSOM, 525 — I^arge Funny furnished room;
I light housekeeping: $7 monthly.
' FOLSOM, 940—2 large sunny rooms, handsomely
furnished; rent reasonable.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat, 3 rms., gas range, bath; also others.
GEARY. 674—1 large sunny furnished room,
suitable for light housekeeping.
GEARY, 1917 — 4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas ; yard; basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 331— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; running water; pri-
vate family; $14.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404—2 lovely front
bedrooms, with kitchen; complete; private
I family; cheap.
i HARRISON*. S2s— Large room for housekeeping;
I furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
Hl' KORY aye.. 181 — 3 large front furnished
housekeeping rooms.
j HOWARD, 761 I.—Nicely1 .— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite- kitchen; man and wife; others; reason-
able.
HOWARD. 822— Rooms, complete for hskpg., $3
week; suites, $2 M) week; unfurnished cheap.
j HOWARD, 967— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms.
Hi WARD, 1130*4 — Sunny bay-window suite,
newly furnished, light hskpg. ; other rooma.
IVAN HOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
tunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LARKIN, SOt— Sunny back bedroom and
kitchen furnished for housekeeping; yard; $9.
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor— Four unfurnished sunny
rooms; gas; bay-window, $15; two rooms, $8.
MASON, 1111— One or both parlors; furnished;
light housekeeping If desired; gas.
1 MINNA, 349 V- —Nice 6unny furnished double
I room with use of kitchen.
MINNA, 371— Large sunny basement room;
American family; water, stove, closets.
i MINNA, 434— Large room, furnished for house-
| keeping, with stove, $6.
MISSION, 661, near Second— Neat bedroom and
kitchen, compk-te for housekeeping.
MISSION, 945—3 nicely furnished basement
housekeeping rooms.
! OAK. 54 — Elegant housekeeping rooms; gas and
batlv
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS, 15Grant.
PERRY, 166. bet. Third and Fourth— 3 or 3
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
POLK, IS27— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private family; low rent.
ffIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
parlor suite, double and single rooms.
6HOTWELL, 217—2, S or 4 sunny connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas; bath.
BT. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest In city; low rates; furnished or not.
BUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
-ingle suites; also hskp?. ; terms reasonable.
THIRD. So3— Housekeeping rooms; $1 25 and
$1 CO.
TURK, 548— Two aunny rooms for housekeep-
ing.
VALETNCIA, 844 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bath, gas, closets; reasonable.
VAN NESS aVe., 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath; other rooms.
WEBSTER. 813— First floor; four large sunny
rooms for housekeeping; no children.
2 ROOMS for housekeeping to a single person,
rent $6; also I unfurnished rooms. Key at
168 Clara St.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I nfurn.
I A— BRUNSWICK Hcuse, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
ftc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBOISFOKD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
yuiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
•lnjcle. suite; chanter, moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINQ.
AT 14A Geary— Large sunny front suite; also
-Ingle rooms; .cheap.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-claas sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT f.2 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooma, $1 to $3 per week.
AT 89 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms. ; transient.
BRADY, 44 — 2 or S sunny rooms . and yard;
cheap to small family^
BROADWAY, 1434, near Polk st.— Sunny un-
furnished rooms.
j BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. IS64)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
i CALIFORNIA, 1424— Tw0 or 3 well-fumlshed
rooms for gentl^mon who desire to be made
thoroughly comfortable; fine bathroom; gar-
den; private family.
' CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
roomc, from $1 60 a week up^
EDDT, 614 — Bmall Funny rooms, clean and
quiet, bath, gas, private family: $<> and $8.
ELLIS. ElS— New and elegantly furnished
i rooms; en suite or single.
FRANKLIN, 215, near Hay?s— Sunny furnished
bay-window room: both; $7.
' FERNWELL House,47 Post— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
! FOURTH, 222^_ (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms: also single. $1 25 up.
GEARY, 14A— Good rooms, with clean beds.
1 Tunning water; *•! 25 per week un.
GEARY, 412— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites, $2 r-er week up; very desirable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. 480, near Taylor— Large neatly fur-
nished; suitable for 2 gentlemen: other rms.
Classified Advertisements Continued
on Page Eighteen.
1718
ROOMS TO — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
'GEARY. 622, near Jonen-Largre sunny bay-
window room; hot, cold water; gas; other rms.
GEARY, 2257, Cottage, 2 rooms; rent $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single,
ladies' parlors; reading room: elevator.
GREEN, — 4 rooms End cellar, $S.
GREEN 417— Nicely furnished large front
room. $6 month; also 1 room $4 per month.
HANCOCK House. 761 Mission— Select lamlly
rooming house; $1 00 to $6 per week. ■
HARRIS ."•"!. near First— nice and sunny
unfurnished rooms to let^
hTrRISON. 7S4'i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; -$1 week, up.
HAWTHORNE. 172. bet. Second and Third, nr.
Harrison— Pleasant sunny . room; private
house; reasonable.
HATES 671— Nicely furnished room, with
board; private family; terms reasonable to
steady tenant.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Butter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny euites. single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. Furnished rooms, from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
LARKIN SW— Bunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished; yard; $9; double room fur., $7.
LEAVENWORTH. 1121. nr. Sacramento—
furnished alcove front room; also others.
MCALLISTER. Nice unfurnished rooms. $4
to $6; also furnished rooms and fiat.
MINNA, 667, cor.Elfrhth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MARKET. 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and Flngle rooma.
MASON, 1111— Large nicely furnished parlors;
gas. •''■ 'v '-■-'"■
MISSION, 1514. near 11th— Sunny single room;
private family; $1 25 per month.
JCATOMA. 450, near Sixth— Two nice sunny
furnished rooms cheap.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay-win, ran. and single. $5 up; also hskpg.
NINTH, -For rent, newly furnished back
parlor, light and airy, running water, $9 per
month: also single m, $6 per month.
NINETEENTH, 3121. near Mission— Nice sunny
furnished bay-window room; near to all street
cars.
OAK. 336—1 furnished and 3 large unfurnished
rooms; very convenient^
O'FA.KKELL. Zo— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator, electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 208 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day, week or month.
O'FARRELL 327— Single rooms, well furnished;
$5 or $6 per. month.
POLK, 1635— Pleasant room; board optional;
with every home comfort: private family.
POST, 622— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
iilso single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUN.
POWELL, 612 A —Large sunny front rooms; new
flat, newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen.
BOYAL House, 126 Eiils St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week. 52 to $?: month. IS to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
RINO place, IS. of Harrison, bet. First and
Second— Room, fine place; use of kitchen,
bathroom and wash room; yard; lady or man
and wife: no children.
RITCH. 36. bet. Folsom and Harrison. Third
and Fourth— A large furnished front room,
with a closet; rent $1.
SEVENTEENTH. 3549— Nice furnished room,
pleasant home. In the Mission for one or two
gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnish^] sunny rooms,
suites or single; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON, Co3— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
near California and Powell st. cars.
TENTH, 123. near Market— Large sunny front
rms.; also small rm.; from $3 mo. up; hskpg.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A pood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. Sunny corner
rms., suites and single: gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD, 106*. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
funny rooms. $1 25 to $1.
TURK, — Large pleasant back room or small
sunny front one for lady; private family;
$'; references. ■
TI'RK. 548— Clean, quiet single room for gen-
tlemen, with bath, $1 per week. In pri. family.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any address In the
United State:*.' poftrs<d. for tl . per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rate*. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1
per box: warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
ing, Itchintr, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing.. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected tor $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
;,. gtage paid. : .
SPIRITUALISM.
TRANCE clalr.voyant test medium gives sit-
tings daily. $1; circles Tues. and Fri.. 8 p. m.,
25c; also vital electro-magnetic healing by
experienced practitioner. 510 Valencia st.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual healing, business medi-
um, readings; treatments daily. 215 Jones.
MRS. J. .T. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.'
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath each: flrstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
•work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains: cheap tots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 50x150; $2<X) cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; in a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 35x115. with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500; any terms; Fame as rent.
$8600— Lot 40x207:6: fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; neat Hish School and station; $500 cash
and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 2."x!?:.; cottage of 5 rooms; street
•work complete; near station: easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x108: with a fine modern cot-
tage if 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street
work all done; near station and school; $100
cash, balance- $20 per month.
$2«50— 5500 cash, balance 125 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
end bath: between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$2250-$5OO canh, $25 per month: less than
rent; lot 40x150; elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton Ft., near Morton-st sta-
tion; best bargain in Alameda; elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye
• t a bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
j 1432 Park st., Alameda,
ELEGANT NW. cor.; BOxllO; 8-rnom house-
Chestnut-st. station $2500
■ NW. cor. 50x150, on Santa Clara aye; new B-
room house $3500
87:6x150, with 7-room house, on Grand 5t.. 53250
33x100; nice 5-room cottage; Chestnut-st
sta t lon $2250
40x125; cottage 6 rooms and bath; Wlllow-st
station $2000
26x125; cottage 6 rooms; Grand-st. station. sl4oo
The above can be bought on terms to suit;
bargains in a'l parts of Alameda; office open
Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda,
anfl 18 Post st,, San Francisco.
1900 WILL buy a cottage of 4 large rooms,
. front porch and basement; lot 35x110; street
work and sidewalk; choice location, west end.
$3100 will build new first-class cottage of 6
rooms and bath; lot DOxlSO: N. side San An-
tonio av.,nr.Chestnut. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 0 rooms;
lots 50x150: easy terms. Apply 1518 ' Mozart
t', Maetlck station. ■
bm^P New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
160- irood location; 6 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1812 Chapin.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call 18 paces, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
"Lambda rooms AND board.
■»/-iM— for ladles in delicate health; large
™und.Tprtvate. MRS. DR. FUNKE.I4M Bth.
" BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE, right in the heart of town,
30 ACRES.
Within 10 minutes of university grounds; 3
minutes from railroad station; lovely view.
Apply to
J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
HTLLEGASS TRACT. ~ ~~
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
C MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County. • ■-.' ; - .
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
JUST been foreclosed; a fine 7-room house; all
latest Improvements; large lot; fruit trees,
figs, olive?, plums, etc. ; 2 blocks from sta-
tion; 1 block from electric; 7 minutes from
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
SOME of our bargains.
use of 9 rooms, modern throughout; lot
50x136: fine barn: street. work done; $3650.
! A grand new house of 11 rooms, etc.; lot BOx
160: street work done; $4750. Will suit any one.
House of 8 rooms, etc., just being completed;
situated in center of town; $:<SQO; terms to suit.
Call and see us. We have others.
O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st.
$500— LOT 75x100; all fenced; fruit trees; one-
half block to electric cafs; good well.
W. C. MORAN.
$1200 WILL buy 6 large lots and a 6-room cot-
tage; see them at once; parties going East.
W. C. MORAN.
— NEW B-room cottage, with every modern
improvement; street work all done: on terms
to suit. W. C. MORAN.
Lorin Station,
Berkeley.
100 ACRES for «ale in subdivisions to suit in
Lafayette, Contra Costa County, 13 miles
from Oakland, on county road; Santa Fe
Railroad runs through the property; no fog;
no wind; fine poll; finest hay and fruit In
country comes from there: send for map and
particulars. D. J. TOBIN, sole agent, 2121
Standford place, Berkeley. Red 204; residence.
Red 121. _
ELEGANT new 10-room house; lot 50x160:
walking distance of University of California,
Berkeley; also three new houses, Just started.
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
RARE opportunity to get a good home cheap;
story and a half house; I rooms, bath, pan-
try, folding doors, mantel, brick foundation;
good well of water; barn for 2 horses; chicken
houses; lot 35x135: price $1150; only SICK) cash,
balance $12 monthly; close to railroad station,
electric cars, churcues and stores; unsur-
| passed marine view; take Berkeley train, get
oft at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS; office open Sundays and evenings.
; $750; 4-ROOM cottage: lot 25x120; good well and
pump: 8 minutes' walk from Lorin station;
I $100 down, balance In Installments. C. NAM-
ANN Y. Lorin station.
HILLEGABS TRACT.
WITHIN r. MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
6 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
! The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MAFON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
j JUST been foreclosed: a fine 7-room house; all
latest improvements: large lot: fruit trees,
figs olives, plums, etc.; 2 blocks from sta-
-1 tion: 1 block from electric: 7 minutes from
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 321 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— lot 87x150, with modern
house of 9 roomyy
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOISES.
FURNISHED cottage; 6 rooms and both; will
rent whole or part. 1910 University aye..
East Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL —sTATE.
VERY cheap; lot 75x100; only 3 blocks
; from electric car line; cost owner $400.
$350 House of 2 rooms; good well, windmill
[ and tank; lot 60x130; all fenced; a great bar-
i gain.
$700— Reduced from $1000; cozy cottage of 4
rooms and basement; 5 chicken houses; 1
I pigeon house; good well and pump; lot 50x150;
easy terms If desired.
$1000— Only $140 cash, balance $12 per month;
new cozy cottage of 5 rooms and attic; bath-
rooms; fruit trees: lot 37x130; located In the
best part of Fruitvale; only 2 blocks from
i Fruitvale aye.
— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
7-foot basement; good well, barn and chicken
house; lot 50x146; fee this for a bargain.
$1500— Cottage, of 5 rooms and bath; mantel;
high basement; small barn; lot 35x370; a fore-
closure bargain; $200 cash, balance same as
rent.
Absolutely the coziest new IV4-story
colonial style residence; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath; nickel plumbing; reception hall; fine
1 mantel; splendid location; easy terms to right
party; only 2 blocks from local train.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station, Cal.
PERRY WALL, 630 Market St., Sr«i Francisco.
$2250— 5-room modern house, with windmill
and tank; high basement; lot 59x100.
$1225— 5-room house, new, 2 blocks from Fruit-
vale station; this is a snap.
— 3-room house; nice yard; cement walks
around house; 3 blocks from station.
Modern house of 5 rooms; all furnished;
large lot; a good place for raising chickens; 2
blocks from station.
5 new houses, modern, just finished; 2 of
them 5 rooms and 3 six rooms: large lots;
near the station; small payment down and bal-
ance as rent.
SEE THIS PROPERTY.
J. W. ELROD.
The Home Building Company, office near Fruit-
vale station.
— THE cheapest home In Fruitvale.
Modern cottage of 6 rooms; high basement;
1 acre of land under a high state of culti-
vation; family orchard; an abundance of
small fruit; fine barn, windmill, tank; south
frontage; street work done; sewerage per-
fect: near public school; near electric road;
near local station; an ideal home.
WHITE FRONT.
\ C. B. LOWRY, Fruitvale Realty Co.,
_____ Fruitvale Station.
LARGE level lots, $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas, fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare: glorious climate; build a home to suit
yourself; easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO., Fruitvale sta.
THE finest building lot on Fruitvale aye.; 76x
150; to be sold at a bargain. J. S. JOHN-
SON. -972 Broadway. Oakland.
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
REAL ESTATE BROKER.
1058 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
1 $1350 — Eaetlake cottage of 5 rooms and bath;-
street work all done; close to San Pablo aye.;
a big bargain; rent* for $11.
$1350— Cottage of 5 rooms In East Oakland,
•with lot 75x140 feet, Runny side; about 40 full-
i bearing fruit trees barn and all complete; a
■ cozy home; very cheap.
$1350 Modern E:_t-lake cottage of 6 rooms;
just off San Pablo aye.
$100 down and $20 per month; new cottage of
! 6 rooms; just off Piedmont aye.; lot 35x125 feet;
i price $2000 in all.
$1000— Cottage of 5 rooms, and lot 26x123 feet
: on Adeline street, near Twenty-eighth.
$1250— Two 4-rpomed flats on lot 50_100 feet;
; close to Twenty-third aye. station; a nice place
! and a forced Bale; all rented.
I — Fine lot; 63x238 feet on Piedmont aye.;
! over half an acre fronting the electric cars;
: near school and In nice location.
OIL FIELDS.
Represented by Oakland Business Men.
A FORTUNE FOR $50.
ONLY $5 CASH.
INFORMATION FREE.
ONLY A FEW MEMBERS WANTED. .
FOR FULL INFORMATION, FREE,
APPLY IMMEDIATELY
OAKLAND OIL ASSOCIATION,
458 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND. CAL.
■ TEN acres near Hayw_rds; all in full bearing
fruit trees; a grand place for a profitable
! home;- to be sold for less than the adjoining
unimproved land. J. S. JOHNSON, 972
Broadway. Oakland.
THREE modern 4-room cottages to be built in
| the heart of East Oakland; lots 33:3x140. and
sold for $1250; easy terms; 5 minutes to sta-
tion. J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$3750— ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; very finest finish; modern in
every respect; nicely located; fine lawn, etc
terms can be arranged. • ■
GEO. B. M. GRAY,
454 Ninth st.
$2400— A VERT pretty new 6-room Colonial
house; sunny exposure; good location; all lat-
est Improvements; 60-foot lot; cars handy on
either side. GEO. B. M. GRAY
• -'■ 454 Ninth st.
$4500— ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; plate-glass windows; every-
thing of the very latest: situated between
Telegraph aye. and Grove St.; lot Coxl4o- a
very choice home. GEO. B. M. GRAY
454 Ninth st.
A CHOICE of four 4-room cottages between
San Pablo aye. and Telegraph aye., North
Oakland ; prices ranging from $775 to $1000
each; also a good building lot near San Pablo
avenue, location and price on application
R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thirteenth st .
Oakland. •
$10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E
■ E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO C LL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
j ,»^^ ■ -- "'"'-'-"■'
. A LIST OF CHOICE OFFERINGS.
•A LIST OF CHOICE OFFERINGS.
$2750— Snap; 2-story, 8-room house; Market-st.
• station; line location.
$4:00— offer; going to Europe; cost fcjoOO;
1 will sacrifice; fine furnishings.
1 13000— Eight acres level land, Fruitvale near
cars- house, barn; sacrifice; mortgage Jl9fn.
$7500— Make offer; sacrificing elegant me dern
. ) 12-room house; central location; must Bell.
I i $2500— 5100 cash monthly; elegant 6-room house
of 7 on* left; Adeline station.' - ;.•>.-
-■ I $1650— 5150 cash; $!.". a month; foreclosure; oar-
l I gain: modern 2-story; 5 rooms; bargain.
1 $2500— Sacrifice; an estate; good 8-room house;
corner lot, ISOxloO; near station.
JS.'O— Good house and lot; Broadway station.
IB6o— month; 4-room cottage; station.
: $3000— Lovely S-room house; new; Oakland
Heights; only $250 cash.
: $5000— Fine modern cottage of 7 rooms; cost
; $7500; almost business property; rents for $40
$7000— Fine corner residence; Eighth St.. near
station; cost $15,000; fine for a physician.
$CooO— New 8-room corner, just completed in
old century style; nothing like It: see it; Lake-
side district; narrow-gauge local trains.
$7600— Magnificent suburban home. East Oak-
land Heights; panoramic view of 6 counties:
near Fruitvale station; 2Vi acres; fine home; 10
rooms.
$4500— Will sacrifice: elegant 8-room corner
cottage: Linda Vista Terrace; perfect home.
$15,000— Residence, 14 rooms; corner li.0xl30:
, finest location; Lakeside district; adjoins £
mansions; an estate; must be sold.
EVERY LOT A BARGAIN.
JSEO— 4. .xlOO; cost $1400 at auction.
$400—50x150; Telegraph aye., Temescal.
$1500—40x100; central; fine for flats.
' $3250— ",0x100; central; prospective bargain.
$2500— £0x150; magnificent home lot; snap.
$3000— Business corner; refused $5000; estate.
140 foot— Bargain; make offer: 125 ft.: central.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Offices, 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
A BIG snap; 2 acres of land situated In North
Oakland; party is very desirous of selling;
former price was $2000 per acre, but now
party will take $ISOO cash for both acres It
sold "quickly. Address 1167 Eighth St., Oak-
land^
i APPLY TO E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak-
! land.
Large list of new houses for sale on any
I kind of terms. C-room house, centrally
located; snap. A. beautiful residence of 10
rooms, with large grounds; light mortgage.
Trade equity for small country home.
! 160- ACRE home; Nara Co.; $2000; orchard,
springs, house; exchange for San Leandro or
Elmhuret. SALSBURY, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land. ___^____
BARGAIN— Lof 50x125, near Fruitvale aye.;
- only $200; terms easy. H. W. DAVIS, 903
Broadway, room 9.
$10 CASH. $6 monthly for a fine chicken run;
60x256 deep; price $190: more land adjacent
may be had cheap; all level: excellent soil;
pood drainage and lovely view; no fogs nor
cold winds; a family can live in a tent here
and enjoy every hour; near electric car line
and grand boulevard; not far from a model
nchoolhouse; Westall Tract, In the lovely val-
ley of Fruitvale. adjoining East Oakland/Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., Oakland;
carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
SNAP— Large, new house. 1 block to local; $1250
cas=h. balance to suit; pee it. WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED house; 6 rooms; gas and coal
ranges: rent low. Address 1463 Twenty-third
jvc, East 'Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUNNY bay-window suite; kitchen, front
housekeeping suites; also unfurnished. 715
Eighth Ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIR..ITIRE FOR SALE.
i AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th a-..! Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES-
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 96 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Fri-
day. September 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, August 26, 1899, at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dividend No., 70 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market Bt., on and after
Monday. August 21. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of PATRICK
KERVIN (deceased). Notice Is hereby given
by the undersigned, Union Trust Company of
San Francisco (a corporation), executor of
the estate of PATRICK KERVIN (deceased),
to the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the F^d deceased, to exhibit
them with the necessary vouchers, within ten
(10) months after the first publication of this
! notice, to the said Union Trust Company,
I executor, at its office, 2 Montgomery St., the
' same being Its place for the transaction of
the business of the Raid estate In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia. :«S-«3S
UNION* TRTTST COMPANY OF PAN FRAN-
CISCO, executor of the estate of PATRICK
KERWTN (deceased).
Dated at San Francisco, August, 1599.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licences have been Issued as follows:
Giovanni Vrusco and Angenla Garabaldl. ..26-18
John Alf and Gussie Anderson 33-24
John S. Price and Lucy M. Sims 47-22
Samuel K. Troxel and Engle Hook 21-13
F. C. Ph^lps and Helen M. Lloyd 20-13
F. C. Franzonl and Celine Cagnacci 31-21
James P. McDona and Hanora McGlone.. 33-28
I Percy W. Oliver and Ada F. S. Frenclel 22-24
: E. J. Gardiner and Katherine B. Ryan 2^-23
• Thomas M. Horn and Lubina O. Allen.. 30-23
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— HEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
; mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
'. In at either of the publication offices and be
j Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! sons authorized to have the same published.
* BORN.
BUCKLEY— In this city, July 24, 1899, to the
wife of E. M. Buckley, a son.
- BUTTERWORTH— In this city, August 8. 1899,
to the wife of John W. Butterworth, a daugh-
ter.
DE LANOE— In this city, August IS, 1899, to
the wife of Captain C. de Lange, a daugh-
ter.
DONOVAN— In this city, August 15. 1899, to the
wife of James Donovan, a daughter.
i DUNNE— this city, August 18. 1899, to the
j wife of W. J. Dunne, a son. : . ■ •:. j
• i FAWCETT— In thin city. July 21. 1599. to the
wife of Jesse L. Fawcett. a daughter.
FITZGERALD— In this city. August 15, 1899, to
i the wife of J. P. Fitzgerald, a son.
GLYNN— this city, August 12, 1899, to tho
! wife of H. M. Glynn, a son.
| LACY— In this city, August 8, 1899. to the
wife of Thomas F. Lacy, a daughter.
LEARY— In this city. August 18, 1839, to the
i wife of John W. Leary, a son.
McCARRON— On Douglas Island, July 7, 1899,
to the wife of Hugh McCarron. a son.
McKEOWN— In this city, August 16. 1899, to
the wife of John McKeown, a daughter.
PASCHOLD— In this city, August 12. 1599, to
the wife of Charles Paschold, a daughter.
PLOT/— ln Alameda, August 17, 1899, to the
wife of H. H. Plots, a daughter. '
RUTHERFORD— In this city, August 14, 1893,
to the wife of Edwin E. Rutherford, a son.
RUUS— In Oakland, August . 18, 1599, to the
wife of R. C. Ruus, a daughter. •
SMITH— In Mill Valley, to the wife of A. B.
Smith, a. son.
TREZ.ESE-In this city, August 13. 1899, to the
wife of A. Q. Trezese, a son.
WEINTRAUB— In this clt-y, August 19, 1899, to
the wife of M. Weintraub, a Bon.
WITTER— In San Carlos,' San Mateo County,
August 18, 1899, to the wife of Willis G. Wit-
ter, a son. '■ i
WILSON— In this city, August 12, 1899, to the
• wife of Alexander Wilson, a daughter.
MARRIED. ;
CARSTENSEN— STUHR— In thin city, August
16. 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Rasmus
Carstensen and Anna M. Stuhr.
GEISSBERGER— COLEMAN— In this city. July
26, IV.' ( j, at St. Patrick's Church, by the Rev.
Father Barry,- assisted by the Rev. Father
O'Hara. Louis H. Gelssberger and Margaret
A. Coleman, both of San Francisco.
HALD— WREATH— In this city, August 16,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. .E. Nelander, Niels H.
Hald and Helmi Wreath, both of San Fran-
cisco
HUBERT— SCHREIBER— this city, August
18, 1899, by F. 11. Kerrigan, Justice of the
Peace, F. ■ H. Hubert and Katharine Schrei-
ber, both of San Francisco.
LAZARUS— FRANK— In this city, July 9, 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger, Leon A.
Lazarus and Maude Frank.
MAHONY— McCOLGAN— In this city, August
12, 1599, Albert B. Mahony and Mary H. Mc-
Colfjan, both of San Francisco."
, MALCOLM— PRESCOTT— In this city, August
19, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
i Clarence P. Malcolm and ; Emma Gertrude
' Prescott, both of Sacramento.
O'ROURKE— CLINTON— In this city, August
8, 1899. at St. Dominic's Church, by the Rev.
, Father Clancy, John F. O'Rourke and Mary
1 • A. Clinton, both of, San Francisco.
PHELPS— I_LOTD— In this city. August IS, 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Fred-
erick Covalt Phelps and Helen j Maria Lloyd,
both of Oakland.
WELLS— DUTREUX— In this city, August 10,
1599, by the Rev. Dr. Hansen, William S.
Wpll3 anil Antique Dutreux.
DIED.
Bahrs, Lizzie Langstaff, James T.
Barthold, Max Magruder, Isabella
Beer, Bernard Martin, J. West
Canty, William W. Morris, Benjamin S.
Cooper, Mary Noon, Martin A. ; ; ' '
Hansen, Hans A. Perry, James W.
Hansen, Sophia Smith, Rachel
Herold, Albert E. BparfO, Mamie
Jennings, Thomas Stahl. Louis
Kahn, Ernestine Tletjen, Ernst H.
Knutsen, Helgar M. Washburn, John I*.
Kutner, Leopold
BAHRS— In this city, August 19, 1899, Lizzie,
beloved daughter of the late Andrew and
Fredericka Dorothea Bahrs, and sister of
Hon. George H. Bahrs, Mrs. Louis Schafer,
Mrs. Chris Werner, Mrs. .Fred Wagner, Mrs.
William Fagan and Julia. Amelia and An-
drew Bahrs, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years 2 months and 7 days.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. In-
terment • Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BARTHOLD— In this city, August 19. 1599, Max.
dearly beloved husband of Dornthea Barthold. i
father of Emma. Alma and Minnie Barthold,
brother of Albert Adolph and Herrman Bar- I
thold. Mrs. A. Hlldebrand and Minna Bar-
thold, son-in-law of Mrs. C. Mashoff. and
brother-in-law of George Thnmlng, Mrs. J.
Klarmann, Mrs. H. Kock, Mrs. M. Fuhs,
Mrs. C. Kinder and Mrs. C. Marks, a native
of Veckermunde. Province Pommern, Ger-
many, aired 44 years 1 month and 10 days.
A member of Memorial Lodge No. 174, A. O.
U. W., Norddeutscher Vereln and Gambrinus
Verein.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 22, from Shiels building, 32 O'Far-
rell street, where funeral services will be
held, commencing- at 2 o'clock. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BEER— In this city, August 19, 1899, Bernard,
beloved husband of Rose Beer, and father of
Ivan, Mosle and Haidee Beer, a native of
Bohemia, Austria, aged 42 years and 2
months.
CANTY— In this city, August IS, 1899, William
W. Canty, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 65
years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue. Interment Firemen's Plat, Laurel
Hill Cemetetry.
COOPER— In Brooklyn, N. T., July 27, 1899,
Mary Cooper, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Maggie Powers, Mrs. Louise White and John
and Charles Cooper, a native of the City of
Waterford, Ireland, aged ■69 years.
HANSEN— In this city, August 15, 1899, Hans
Adolnh, dearly beloved husband of Sophia.
Hansen, and uncle of William and John
Krabbenhoft, a native of Schleswlg-Holstein,
Germany. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27,
A. O. U. W.
(T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HANSEN— In this city, August 16. 1899. Sophia,
dearly beloved wife of the late Hans Adolph
Hansen, and beloved sister of Mrs. Fanny
Hamerschlog of New York and Mrs. Carrie
Simon, a native of Germany.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HEROLD— In this city. August 19, 1899. Albert
E., beloved son of Fred W. and Minnie Her-
old, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 19 days. WKf&
JENNINGS— A month's mind mass -will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Thomas Jennings at St. Ignatius Church
to-morrow (Monday), commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Friends are respectfully Invited to
attend. ■'":
KAHN— In this city, August 19. 1899, Ernestine
Kahn, beloved mother of Aaron and Mark
Kahn and Mrs. A. Giusti, a native of Ger-
many, aged 63 years 5 months and 5 days: A
member of Eva Mutual Lodge of San Fran-
cisco.
BrJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mohday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1010 Bush street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetetry. by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
KNUTSEN— In this city. August 18, 1899, Hel-
gar Maria, only and beloved daughter of Al-
fred and Helena Knutaen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and IS days.
KUTNER— In Santa Barbara, Cal., August 17.
1899, Leopold, beloved husband of Malcha
Kutner, and brother of Joseph and Adolph
Kntner and Mrs. Korn, a native of Poland,
aged 57 years.
IT7"Frleniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1402 O'Farrell street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, from Third and Town-
send streets by 11:30 o'clock train.
LANGSTAFF— In this city, August 19, 1899,
James T., beloved husband of Nellie Lang-
staff, and son of Mrs. William Langstaff, a
native of Ottawa, Canada, aged 30 years 7
months and 16 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from 4' 2 Langton
Street, between Seventh and Eighth, off
Howard. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MAOIIUDER- In this city, August 18. 1899,
Isabella, beloved wife of Charles J. Ma-
gruder, and mother of Charles EL, Mary V.,
Arthur M., Isabella and Thomas J. Magru-
der, a native of New Orleans, La., aged 45
years 7 months and 5 days. (New Orleans pa-
pers please copy.)
K>"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 409 Harrison street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— Oakland, August 18, 1899, J. West
Martin, a native of Hagerstown, Md., aged 77
years 6 months and 12 days. :--<•;■
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
■ thl? day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
John's Episcopal Church, corner Eighth and
Grove streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, under the auspices of Uni-
versity. Lodge No. 144, I. O. O. F.
MORRIS— this city. August 19, 1899. Ben-
jamin S., beloved husband of Ray Morris,
father of Harry and Sidney ■ Morris, and
brother of Julius, Joseph- and Henry Morris
and Mrs. Minnie Wallenberg of Burns. Or.,
a native of San Francisco, aged 43 years.
NOON— In Oakland, August 18. 1899. Martin
Aloysius, dearly beloved and youngest son of ;
William and Mary A. Noon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 years 1 month and 12 days.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock, at the
parents' residence. 1366 ■ Fifteenth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem masa will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PERRY— In this city. August 17, 1899. James
W., beloved husband of Ida Perry and father
of Amy Perry, a native of Boston, aged 52
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
thence to Knights of Pythias Hall. 909 Mar-
ket street, where the services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Ivanho*. Lodge No. 5, K. of P. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this City, August 18, 1899, Rachel,
beloved wife of William Smith, mother of
Sadie. Benedict, Birdie, Walter and Arthur
Smith, daughter of George and Mary Ruben,
and sister of Frances. Moses and Joseph Ru-
ben, a native of San Francisco, aged 42
years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, lilt's Fell street, near Scott. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Coun-
cil No. 60, O. C. P.; are requested to attend
the funeral of our late friend, Mrs. Rachel
Smith, this day (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from
her late residence. 1118% Fell street, near
Scott. S. H. SIMON, Councilor.
M. BOEHM, Secretary.
SPARGO (nee SHEA)— In this city, August 19,
1899, Mamie, dearly beloved wife of John
Spargo, mother of Aloysius Spargo, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Denis Shea, and sister of
Dan, John and Lizzie Shea, a native of New
York, aged 23 years 2 months and 26 days.
STAHL— In Cazadero, Cal.. August 17. 1899,
Louis Stahl, a native of Germany, aged 42
years.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fur.c- this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, ' from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
laurel Hill Cemetery.
TIETJEN— In Castrovllle, August 18. 1899,
Ernst H.. beloved husband -of Alice Tietjen,
father of George A. Tletjen, son of John and
Sophie Tletjen, son-in-law of . Mr. and Mrs.
Larney. and brother of Millie, Fred. Henry
and Edward Tletjen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years 2 months and 5 days.
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 85 Albion avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.  .
WASHBURN— the City and County Hospi-
tal, August 19, 1899,' John Leonard Washburn,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 47 years..
, : . v CARD OF THANKS.
Will the friends of the late Louis Loudon
Jr. kindly accept this acknowledgment for the
. deep . sympathy expressed to his parents in
their sad bereavement? :
MR. AND MRS. L. LOUDON.
■ Alvarado, Cal. .
HhNRYJ. GALLAGHER C 0.,/
(Eueceaaon to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
to Fifth st., opposite Lincoln iio-001,
Stlephon* South Ml "^. ,
PLAY ER FOLK,
THROUGH THE
CRITIC'S EYE
£=-— qO-NIGHT~In "As You Like It".
•Blanche -Bates closes a successful
TO-NIGHT In "As You Like It"
Blanche Bates closes a successful
season at the California. The com
pany holds some very good mate
rial, but in selection of play they
nave gone beyond their depth,- and the
consequent sin of miscasting has been
often committed. Their greatest crime is
the production of Shakespeare's comedy.
Miss Bates' ambition to play Rosalind is
no legal excuse for such a venture. The
most crying need of the organization is
an artist hand to guide. In fact, organi
zation seems a sarcasm when applied.
Miss Bates, whose prominent characteris
tic is temperament, needs a strong man
agerial grip at the rein. Without this,
and the proper environment for develop
ment, she has reached the zenith of her
professional career. .Her next move lies
chiefly outside of herself. "A Bachelor's
Honeymoon" Is the bill for Monday night.
. The wild applause that greets the most
lurid happenings of "Under Two Flags"
proves the need we have for continuous
melodrama. There are those among us
whose emotions are best reached by the
explosion of an arsenal, and who recog
nize truth only In exaggeration. The pas
sengers whom Mr. Morosco cast adrift
are still In search of a hospitable shore,
who shall come to the rescue? This week
the Alcazar recovers its equilibrium in
Camllle" and "Romeo and Juliet." "In
gomar" Is In preparation.
• • •
Patriotism Is rampant. Let us hope it
Is not, like Lady Teazle's reputation, In
danger of dying from too much health.
Alexandra Dagmar, the Russian, seized
upon the stars and stripes in her songs
at the Orpheum last week and got enthu
siastically whistled to the front a half
dozen times in consequence. Gertrude
Mansfield and Caryl Wilber have latent
talent, but it Is not easily expressed
through the limp medium of "color blind."
If there is a man sitting out in the future
capable of writing good sketches, one
would like to reach out the vaudeville
arm and "nab" him. We of to-day are
quite us worthy as posterity. The Car
downie troupe are not favorites — just why
is unexplainable. • The touch of the bar
baric In their dancing makes it thorough
ly artistic. Reversing Tolstoi, let me
conclude that what is art is not, of neces
sity. interesting. This week Hall and
Staley, twentieth century burglars, Freese
brothers and McMahon and King are the
new people.
• • •
"Dorothy and Bessie Faubaln" honestly
represents last week's attraction at the
Grand Opera House, for does not "and"
on the playbills indicate the star? If the
promise of variety Pricllla Prlvett
gives is kept In future roles she will put
Mr. Wolf upon his mettle. But why say
"if"? In one such clever performance she
can scarcely have marked her limitations.
Yon Suppe's "Clover" is the bill for this
week.
• • • .
Clay Clement with a picked company
opens at th« Columbia to-morrow night
in "A Southern Gentleman." In artistic
stage business Mr. Clement Is sometimes
likened to Richard Mansfield, so that the
role of General Carroll, a character study,
should be for him an excellent medium
for dramatic expression.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
.« ♦ ■
THE FAREWELL PERFORMANCE.
Filipino Acrobats Give Their Last
Exhibition.
The troupe nf Filipino acrobats gave Its
farewell performance at the Mechanics'
Pavilion last night before a fair sized
audience. The programme consisted of
juggling, pole balancing and all sorts of
acrobatic feats, some of which were quite
up to standard. The principal feature was
Bong, the Tod Sloan of the islands, with
his trained Filipino pony, Dandy, which
is not much larger than a rocking horse,
who did some very clever bareback riding
and hurdle jumping.
The clown act was of the old-time va
riety, but caused much laughter on ac
count of the English spoken by the par
ticipants. It can bo said of the acrobats
that they have with them a great top
mounter in the youth who is tossed from
shoulder to shoulder, doing back somer
saults In fine style. It Is the intention of
the troupe to go to Chicago to play an
engagement, after which it will visit the
Paris Exposition a? an attraction.
. ♦ .
"Night in Venice'; Meeting.
Last Friday night, at a meeting of th<
committee having in charge the arrange
ments for the "Night in Venice" carnival.
to be held in Belvedere next month, $G25
was appropriated for the erection of seats
to accommodate the Immense crowd of
visitors that are expected to cross the
bay that evening to witness the festivi
ties. It Is expected that the restaurant
privileges and other Incidentals will be.
arranged at a mating to l>e held to-mor
row. The celebration is scheduled for the
lfitb of next month and if Indications go
tor anything it promises to be the most
successful of any fetes that have ever
been held in Belvedere.
A New Veterinary JournaL
The first number of the Journal of Vet
erinary Science has been Issued, and con
tains several features of special Interest
to the profession of veterinary surgeons.
Besides broad editorials, there are origi
nal articles on •"Tuberculin" and "An
thrax, bacteriological notes, abstracts of
cases, notices of new literature, profes
sional' society proceedings and news notes.
The little thirty-two page monthly is
edited by R. Alexander Archibald. D. V.
S., and managed by F. J. Sinclair, pro
prietor of the Butchers' and Stock Grow
ers' Journal.
■ ♦ ■
I>r. Mays in Europe.
Dr. William H. Mays, the well-known
local physician, who was fur many years
connected with St. Luke's Hospital, Is
now making an extended tour of Europe
Inspecting its various hospitals and sci
entlflc institutions. Dr. Alays is accom
panied by his wife nnd family and it is
their intention to remain in Europe for
some months.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ernestine and Charles H. Krause, Anita
Grimm and Ernestine ' Kreling to Johanna
Krause, lot on S line of Lombard street, 137:6
W of Buchanan, W 137:6 by S 120; $10.
Elizabeth L. May to Gottfried and Anna
Ralsc-h, lot on SW corner of Washington and
Webster streets, S 77:814 by W 65:9; $10.
Charles A. and Ada W. Shurtleff to Julien
Smith lot on N line of California street, 52:6
W oi Devisadero, W 27:6 by N 63:1; $10.
Julien and Ettie Smith to Hugh McCrum,
same $10.
Clara B. and James M. Taylor to Andrew
and Annie Beckinan, lot on W line of Noe
street, 76:6 S of Hill, S 25 by W 80; $10.
Charles G. Stelnwey to Emma J. Nutt Stein
wey, lot on \V line of Cullingwood, 247 S of
Eighteenth. S 25 by W 125; $20.
Joseph, Harriet, Jacob and Bertha G. Weiss
liein (by Oscar Heynrnn, attorney) to Patrick
Gartland, lot on N line of Twenty-third street,
ICS E of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), E 20 by N
114, lot 69 Hey man Tract; $10.
Same to Robert McAuslan, lot on S line of
Alvarado street, 175 W of Douglass, W 25 by
S US. lot 93, Herman Tract; $10.
P. C. Hyman to George Tourny. lot on SE
corner of Leidesdorft and Sacramento streets,
E 45 by S SO; $10.
Ernestine Krellng. Charles H. and Johanna
Krause and Anita Grimm to Ernestine Krause,
lot on N line of Green street, 137:6 E of Powell,
E 27:6 by N 137:6: also lot on N line of Green
street, 165 E of Powell, E 27:6 by N 137:6; also
lot on S line of Sacramento street, 45:10 E of
Battery. E 68:8 by S 45:10; $10.
Estate of Ellen Sullivan (incompetent), by
Henry L. Sullivan, guardian, to Timothy B.
and William McSheehy, undivided one-third of
lot on N line of Jessie street, 195 W of Mission
also 275 NE of Fourth, NW 80 by NE 30 (quit
claim deed): $1250.
E. and Alice McGary to William J. Bryan,
lot on SE line of Mission street, 412:6 SW of
Fourth. NE :10Vs by SE 160; $2500.
Charles S. Nagle to Arthur O. and Lydia B.
Flsk and Flora E. Wertheimer, lot on SE line
of Howard street, 145 SW of Eighth, SW 55 by
SE 85; $10.
Jane Cassidy to Annie C. Wiegner, lot on W
line of Twentieth avenue, 125 N of Point Lobos
N 25 by W 100; gift.
Abble A. Graybill to Joseph C Mowry
(trustee Dellna 1., Elmer G. and Mowry A.
Graybill), lot on NW corner of Ocean road and
Diamond alley, N 49 degrees 45 minutes, W 133.
N 26 degrees S minutes, E 45:6, S 50 degrees 15
minutes, E 134:10, S 2S degrees 51 minutes, W
46:6, lot 13, block 22. Market Street Homestead:
also lot on NE corner of Castro and Fifteenth
streets, E 48 by N 115 (trust deed); $1.
Ernestine. Johanna nnd Charles H. Krause
and Ernestine Kreling to Anita Grimm lot
on NE corner of County (Mission) road and
Russia avenue, N 200 by E 200, block 4, Excel-
Bior Homestead; $10.
Ernestine, Charles H. and Johanna Krause
and Anita Grimm to Ernestine Krellng, lot on
SE corner of County road and Persia avenue
B 400 by E 200, block 4, same; $10.
Alameda County.
George F. and 11. N. Gray to Robert Bttrn
!*a^V l 0 Z N llne of Vireßt Thirteenth street,
100 W of Center, N 104 by W 25, being lot 11,
block 680- A, Map of Peralta and Center Street
Lands, quitclaim deed, Oakland- 190.
O. F. and Florence F. Sites to Harry A. and
Hannah J. Randlett, lot on E line of Hollis
street, 120 S of Park avenue, E 125 by S 50, be
ing portion of plat 6, Rancho Vicente and Do
mingo Peralta, Oakland Township; $500.
Eliza A. and Jennie C. Wood to Encinal
Building and Loan Association, lot on SE cor
ner of Lafayette street and Encinal avenue S
46:8, E 10S, N 41:8, W 10:5, W 98, to begin
ning, Alameda; $2741.
Sophie and Ben O. Johnson to Joseph Ghlr
ardelll. lot on W line of Market street 200 N
of Eighteenth, N 47.30 by W 125, block 615.
Oakland; $1500.
C. A. and Ella K. Gore to David W. Wil
liams, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
66:8 W of Filbert, W 33:4 by X 101, block k!
Northern Extension of Oakland; $10.
Lydia Wade, Grace E. and Oren J. Mullen
to James H. Fields, lot on W line of Market
street. 1SO:1O S of Railroad avenue or West
Seventh street. S 35 by W 123.
Alfred P. Swain to Harriet C. Swain, lot on
E line of Humboldt avenue, 51.95 S of Colusa
avenue, S 51.95, E 147.20, N 50, W 133.70. to be
ginning, being lot 3, block X, Roberta & Wolf
skill Tract, Map 3, Oakland; $650.
Charles and Inga Olaine to J. A. Spencer,
lots 19 to 25, 66 to 72, block B, Everett Tract.
I being lots 4 and 6, Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
—™ — — ~ ~^~^~~
Builders' Contracts.
Antonio Podesta (owner) with L. Cuneo and
N. Cavaglia (contractors), architect — All
work exceDt owner to do brick work and grad
ing and to furnish mantels, shades and gas
] fixtures, etc., for a 3-story and basement frame
I buildlnz on lot on E line of Scott place, 11-
S of Broadway, S 25 by E 56: $2900.
W. F. Whlttier (owner) with Matthew Kelle
her (contractor), architect E. R. Swain—Addi
tional holding up, bulkheading, shoring, etc.,
I for two brick buildings on lot on S corner of
Howard and Beale streets. SE 137:6 by SW
137:6; also SW line of Beale street, 229:2 SB of
Howard, SE 45:10 by SW 137:6; $2500.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C H Read. Pittßburs: C II Movers, Los Angr
A Mayfleld & w, Tex W M Robinson & W,
E \V Buscton, Mass .Trfferson City
! P L Buscton, Mass Mips A Robinson, Mo
I A J Towell, Denver R Robinson, Mo
J F Sohlingman & w, J B Kelter, Chicago
Mill Valley ; Mrs J T Whitney & d,
H \V Walker. Cal Rocklin
FB V Sickler. Cal 1 1 U Mahl & w, Sacto
Capt Kay, Cal C E Bailie & w, Sacto
C Harris, Merced I L J Evans, Napa
J N Ansell, U S A T G II Kendall, Cam-
Warren bridge
F N Carroll, Denver Mrs A W Phelps, Mad-
C B Louis, Denver ison
3 France, Paris C A Phelps, Madison
M I Forbes. Chicago A W Philips, Redding
J E Scobey, Richmond W A Doyle, San Mateo
L Jaffe & w Seattle .1 Bonnar, Fresno
I P W Lowe, Brooklyn H Warren. Nev
I F B Pattel, Cal A L Rodman, Cal
Mrs A Collins. Seattle J J Conner, Salinas
B V Collins, w & eh, \ M Sekora Neb
Los Ang C O Cushman, Chicago
M Johnston, Blooming- Mrs R Steplions, Cal
ton M linker. Winters
M I'attnn, Charleston W F Wolfskin, Mexico
M Abbott, Chicago 'j Escovar, Mexico
J C Johnson, Reno \V () Meyers, Angels
C F Henking & w, Cal.E W Frost. Eureka
.1 H Baxter, Cal IW L Rodgers, <"al
Mrs C M Brown, DenvS J Hutchinson. Cal
! Mrs W L Sagenderf & J W Bowen, Los Ang
eh, Denver J A Lovett. Ohio
; Miss Rose Stoermer, Mrs C N Nelson Sac
j Los Ang iH H Fourney Sacto
I Mrs E L Francisco, jj Kulman, Benlcia
Los Ang H Demmick. Vallejo
M German. Cal O J Williams & w, Cal
W M Cnbb, Los Ang O J Gillespie, L Ang
C G Raub, Cal P Witber. R I
D S Collins, Cal 'L Vaughn, R I
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs C F Terhunp. N V Mrs C B Stone SMateo
T B Terhune, N V Miss M Thompson, Xky
G E Warren, NY D Alzuyetta, S Mateo
H Sturges, Chicago A J Shidden. N V
F Mahijndeau, Paris C Beveteon, Mass
H A I'iper. Mass J R Hitchcock, L Ang
-Mrs II A Piper, Mass .J A Beynon. Chicago
Mrs Q LuriK. Vallejo ,R H Crowell, Clevelnd
J Hirsch, Vallejo j B Crowell, Cleveland
W E Hodges, Chicago ( W B Lane. Ft Wayne
A F Walker, NY is 11 MUlard, Chicago
E P Ripley, Chicago ill W True, Halifax
J Player, Topeka !H F Moore, Wash, DC
W G Nevln, Los Ang \J S Genung, Newark
E M Cockrell, Mo Mrs Genung, Newark
J II Christopher, Mo H Holliday, Wash.D C
S L James. Berkeley C II Reed. Plttsburg
Mrs James, Berkeley [C H Harris. Portland
C B Stone. San Mateo B E Green. Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A N Slndow, Mo H Lauen. Portland. Or
A M Gtlstrap, Selma J McAllister, Portln.l
D Methven, Oakdale E Cummings ftw.Seatl
S M Crawford, Snnora Mrs L E Nicholp, 111
J Hngrin, Santa Rosa [Mrs L Bennett, 111
J Stroud. Los Ang Mrs C Walters 111
J McDonald. N V ! Mrs L J White. 11l
M Welhavlsh, Chicago J Mllner, N I'akota
P Ruimer. Sacto jA Bouser & w, Chcgo
W Wnlhavish. Chicago 'G Condon & w, Crtlnd
S A Broderlck, S Jose I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August I*.
P-'hr Monterey, Nlelson, 68 hours from Coos
Bay.
Pchr Herman, Thunnell, 13 days from Ko
diak.
EAILF.D.
Saturday, Augiist 19.
Aus etmr Slam. Raicich, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Palled Auk 19— Ptmrs Al-Kl and
DlrlK". fr>r Alaska: Br stmr Garonne, for .
KODIAK— In port Aug 6— Schrs Rattler,
Charles L tYoodbury and Maksoutnn*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL,
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
MM 1
NEW YORK AND BOSTON.
Via New York Central.
Through Sloe pers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE.
*> G- P- A., A. Q. P A..
6t. Lou!*, Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH, I
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IKE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
. DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. j
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. - ' ;
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway. ?
SACRAMENTO ; OFFICE, 201 J Street.
BAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
BAILROAD TB__V__L.
DATTIIKR!! PACIFIC COMPAKT.
(PACIFIC SITSTRSr.)
; Train* leave ami me due to nrriv* ml
HAS FISANCISC'O..: : ~
(Main Lino, Foot of .Market Street)
leave — . From August 2, 1399. — aeriv_
7:00 1 Eenicia, Kuisun and Sacramento. . . • O:-I5r
7:0Oa Marysville, Orovulonud Bedding via
Woodland _:48f
' 7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Kumsey 8:50r
7:3<>a Martinez, Hamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistojra and Santa Ilosa 6il3f
8:00 a Atlautic express, Ogden and East.. 9i4Sa
MittOA San .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone Sacramento, Placerville,
MnrysTllle. Chico, Ited lilnff 4ilsi»
8i!J0 a "Milton, Oakdaleand fc-ouora -:IBp
8:30 a Yosemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese 4:1B»
O:OOa Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 11:43 a
»:OOa Martinez, Trrcy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno ISttlßp
ViOVa Fresno. IJakerslieM .Santa lUrlmra,
Lob Angeles, DemiDg, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6>4Sr
1O:OOA Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i4."ip
1 1 :OO a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. »:43p
12:00 m Hilts, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
_ mento, Mendota, Hanford, V!3a!l_,
% PcrtcrviUe 4ilHp
•IjOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers •»:oOp
Bioop Ucywards, Kilt* and Way Stations. 0:4.1
_:OOp Martinez, San Kmcoii, Vallejo,
Napa, tJali»*nß<i, Hautaltosa SilSa
4tOOr Benicia, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland. . Knlghta Landing,
"-. Marysvillc, Orovlllo IO:4&a
4:3OpNik>B, San .looo and Stockton A : !"
4:30r Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond l_«lsp
ssoopThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, S-augua tor Santa Barbara,
_^ Los Angeles. 5 : 15 A
BrSop Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12«15i-
oi.'ioi> Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
• . Mojaro and Los Angeles Bi4»a
0:3 Or Santa I'o Koitte, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojave and East 6:45p
•iOOp Chicago-San Francisco Special.Ogilen
aud Hast 8i50»
O:OOp Haywards. and San Jose 7s4!>a
•a:OOp Vnllejo 12ilfip
|7>oop Vallcjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }9:35p
9:05 1' Oregon ISxpress,MaeraTnento, Marys-
ville, Holding, Portland, l'ngeb
Hound ami Kant B>lB_
COAST DIVISION (Nnrrovr <;!»i e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 ~J7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station* }Bi«sp
81 13a Newark, Centemlle.fiiin Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations....; BtSOr
•»ilOr Newark, Centervlllo. San Jose, New
Almadcn, Felton, ISunlder Creek;
Santa Cruz and l'rlncipal Way
Stations ■10i30a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions.... 9:204,
Mil3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way £t*-
tions /oi2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FIUNCISCO— root or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 ' 9:00 11:00 A.M. »:03 *2:00 |3:CB
•4:00 15:00 *6:00r.M.
From OAKUND— Foot of Broadw*;.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 *.it.
t!2:00 *1:00 12:00 *3:00 14:C0 *s:Qgp._.
COAST DIVISION' (Rroailfinng-e).
(Third and Towiigcml Sta.)
~ •6:1Oa Ocean View, .South ban Francifco.. *0:30p
*J:OOa Kan Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only). »8:00 a
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
raclnc Grove and Principal Way
Stations \ tSi33*
•iOOa Kan .lose. Trcs 110.1, Santa Cruz,
Pacific OroTe. l'aso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lonipoc and
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
■ •:4Oa Ban Jose anil Way Station! «:B">a
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations It-Op
•2:43p San Matco. Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Hollißter. Santa Cruz. Salinas, '
Monterey end raclfio Grove *10:3bA
*Si3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove
and Principal Way Stations «7:30p
•4:15p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations - 0:43\
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:53 a
B:3Oi" Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations *«:«Oa
U:.'(Oi> San Jest! and WaySt.ations 5:30p
t11:43p San Jose and Way Stations t~:3Op
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. ' /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot oK Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
! WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:6*
! and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ..... ■'
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:49, 5:05,
: 6:25 p. m. ■ .. -.
i Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
1 same schedule as above.
Leave i ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 —\ April 16, — , -— —,■
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days, I Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am, 8:00 am ! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
j 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm ! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,'
. Gey B ervllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am GloverdaJe. 7:35 pm 6:20 prr»
7:30 am i Hopland and : 1 10: 25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. " j 7:35 p m 6:20 pra,
7:30 am j • 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevlll*. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
; 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma |l 0:40 am! 8:40 am
and
i 8:10 pmj 5:00 pm : Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa' for .Mark West
; Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
I for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
I land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
I Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
! port and Bartlett Springs;' at Tkiah for Vichy
! Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
I Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno
I Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside Lierley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln : Heights, ■ ' Hullvllle!
Booneville, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Naverra, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River!
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Uaal, ' Willitts, Laytonville. Cum-
mins' s, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.,
Bcotla and Eureka. • .
Saturday to Monday round ■' trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Comment: • April *i, ■ 1599.
i FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. f •■ ■'
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra. ;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, »6:00. «:M p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
I Rafael, on. Mondays, WAlnesdays. . Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 anB 11:30 p. m.
I 6UNDAYSt-»8:00, «9:00. '10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
in • 1:00 *1:45. •2:30. '4:00. 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to. San Raf'l Sunday*.
i 6:30 p m does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Train's marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-»:». »6:40. 7:50. 8:40. »lO:20
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. -5:15 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
I and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
i BUNDAYS-7:00. *S:00, 9:45. *10:45. »11 '.5
' B. Hi ; Coo7l:20. '3:30. »5:15. "6:00. 7:00. 10:15
"Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. ,'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WFEK DAYS-_: 45. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 0:35
_ m" 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. r-.
1 EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
: and Saturdays, .7:00 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00. 18:00 . 11:10 a. m.; 12:06.
1-20 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
' ' " THROUGH TRAINS.
7-00 a. m week days^ — Cazadero and way Bta'ns,
"1:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta ns
1 6-16 P- m - we days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8-00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
: THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23, 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. • North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. | Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday i ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Kxc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 110:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11 :3S am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
1 Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market st
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC. RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23 1599
WEEK I VS. 9:30 a. m.. and "1:43. p m
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and" Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. m. ■ ■
SUNDAYS, 8..9..10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. m. '
£?JZ£-r,K~ t0 Summ 't and Return, $1 40
THOS COOK & SON, Agta., 621 Market it,COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Bank clearings show the usual weekly increase.
Wheat continues to advance, though slowly.
Barley steady enough, but inactive.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans ana Seeds as previously quoted.
Hay still depressed. Bran and Middlings as before
Potatoes and Onions lower and quiet.
Tomatoes in good demand and firm.
Two ears of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
Butter and Eggs advanced again. Cheese firm.
Bartleft Pears continue to improve.
Peaches, Plums, Grapes and Melons dull.
First-class market for new Pried Fruit.
Provisions quieter than of late.
Woo! inactive at the moment, but firm.
Hides firm, but prices stand unchanged.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Charters.
The W. H. Pimond loads merchandise for
Honolulu.
The Fred J. Wood loads poles at the Co
wlchan Mills for Santa Rosalia: Jessie Minor,
redwood at Eureka for Honolulu.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were 190,06,
-828. against 088, 284 for the same week last
year.
Quicksilver Trade.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first seven months of the year were 13,463
flasks, against 13,7?S during the same time last
year. The exports by sea were 6782 Masks
valued at $264,092, against S-572 flacks valued at
$Uo,2«fi.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
There is not an active business doing In
California fruits, pays the London Grocers'
G.nzettc, but the stock on the spot has reached
a narrow limit and there is very little offer
ing. Pears are dearer and prices of other
grades ar> firm. Demand for salmon has in
creased during last week in consequence of
the possibility of a Bhort run of fish in British
Columbia. The supply of half-pound tins Is
limited, and for them there Is a good demand;
Weather Report.
O!0th Meridian .Pacific Time. ' .
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 19.' 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
. Eureka X Fan Diego 76
Fresno '.•: Sacramento gl
Los Angeles 7-1 Independence v -
Red Bluff -■ Tuma 98
San Luis Oblspo 741 - : ;
San Francisoo data: Maximum temperature,
f.S; minimum, 52: moan. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tlr> weather is generally cloudy along the
coas-t from Cape Mendoctno nnrth: elsewhere
vest ..f the Rocky Mountains fair weather pre
valls.
The prps^ure has risen • rally over the en
tire Pacific Slop the greatest rise being in
the Rnrky Mountain region.
The temperature has risen decidedly over
Eastern California an-l Nevada and remained
alw.ur stationary in oilier districts.
Conditions* are favorable for fair weather in
California .Sun<lay.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h"urs. ending midnight August CO.
Northern California- Sunday: light
northwest wind. ;
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Sunday,
Utah — Fair: wanner Sunday.
Arizona -Fair Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Sunday;
fresh west wind; warmer.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The stock market was
strong and active to-day, after a brief period
of hesitation and reaction after the publica
tion of the hank statement, new buying orders
of conspicuous stocks lifting them to the top
l»vel of the day. There was some getting an
dfr r. ver under this bidding of prices, and a
Jew w»ak spots made the market rather irregu
lar nt the close. Yesterday's vigorous upward
movement attracted quite .1 lance volume of
buying orders to the commission houses, and
the tone of the market was thus strong from
the opening. Th* weekly reports of the various
trade and commercial agencies and the In
creasf-d carninrs of practically all the rail
roads reporting helped on the upward move
ment The organized buying In Louisville and
Tennessee Coal continued in evidence; and
Central Pacific was bid op. Southern Pacific,
In Fplte of large dealings, v. as held back by
profit-taking, and shows only a moderate net
gain in the day. Louisville rose an extra 2V»
and Tennessee Coal shows a net gain of r ..\.
Takings of St. Paul were on a very large ale
I and were accompanied by rumors of an Inten
tion to declare an extra dividend on th<; stock.
Other stocks notably strong were Norfolk and
Western common and preferred, the common
Braining 1%. Pacific Coast common and second
preferred rose 2>i points each. Hocking Valley
prt-ferred, Atchlson preferred, American Cot
ton Oil. National Steel preferred, Ste«l and
Wire preferred and a few other stocks Fhow
gains of a point 01 over. On the other hand
Sugar, Brooklyn Trancit, the tobacco stocks
and some of the steel ami iron stocks were un
der from pressure, and li.isßt-n were shown here
and there in th<; railroad stocks, which were
only lightly dealt in. The bank statement was
rather puzzling in that the deposit liabilities
were not increased by as much as tho cash
and loan Increai ■ But the emallness of the
changes lelt little ground for anxiety. After a
momentary hesitation trader decided to take
tho optimistic view of the statement. Southern
Pacific collateral fours when Issued were taken
in large amounts with a gain of 1 , -r cent.
Speculative, sentiment has been in a good deal
01 a hurly-burly all the week. An Inspection of,
the price It discloses some very Wide move
ments of prices in contrary directions.
Industfiul stocks as a rule are lower, the ex
ception being in the tqbacco stocks, Some
very Ktrikinc gains are iwn In individual
railroad stocks, but the change* In the major
ity of those stocks were surprisingly small un
til to-day considering the activity of the mar
ket and the furious speculative contest which
has been wased from time to time. So far us
an effort to cause a general reaction In prices
is considered the bears have suffered a total
rout and have shown symptoms of exhaustion
and a dl?')ositlon to cover short contracts, as
the week promised. a marked sentimental
effect was produced early in the week by a pub
lished announcement from a stock operator
noted for his boldness and many successes thai
he persisted In his belief that prices were too
hiKh :unl certain to c» lower. This announce
ment induced a considerable following among
the board room traders, who have constituted
the greater part of the market for some time
past, and the buoyancy of a few stocks on
Monday, following the favorable bank state
ment of Saturday, did not awaken any general
demand for securities. There was a watchful
anticipation of a l>eiir raid, which came on
Tuesday with a fierce onslaught upon Brooklyn
Transit and American Steel and Wire. On
Wednesday the battle • was continued and
shifted to SuKar. Turn ■ Coal and th.-> to
baco stocks, when signs of realizing sales, after
the large gain in those stocks, made them vul
nerable. Only slight effect was produced on
thf standard railroad stocks, nnd individual
stocks in that deuartment continued to show
fctrikin? rains. Quite a number of obscure
stocks were brought forward and the price ran
2l> . i-iiy on special favorable conditions of
%b.o property. Pool operations also came into
evidence. The organized buying of Southern
and Central Pacific and Louisville an.i Nash
ville were particularly notable. As there are
heavy holding* of these properties in foreign
hands the stock became scarce for delivery and
the rise was thus aided. The pressure from
bear sources was largely 114 red as mi-- week
progressed. Late In the week the market
broadened quite materially and began
to -show signs of an outside interest being at
tracted by the leadership of the organißed pools
Which had set about billing; stocks. Call money
hni« eased an additional fraction In New York
under continued offering's from outside domes
tic centers. Increased confidence In the money
— -unnk has been the prime Incentive in the ad
vance- In stocks. -■:-'••:.:■--
Bonds have been less active relatively than
stocks and price movements have been Irregu- j
lar. The speculative Issues generally are higher. I
United States new fours coupon have ad- I
vanced % and tire new fours ■ registered and
old fours and fives • Vi In the bid price.
• NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ■ . -, ' ;; Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
9,400. Atchlson : :.... _%
1,475 Atchlson prefd £6%
700 Baltimore & Ohio.; 62%
Canadian Pacific 97
-. Canada Southern :.-.. 6-4*4
5,900 Central Pacific ...'.:.... 60Vi
1.700 Chesapeake & Ohio 284
1.400 Chicago Great Western -. 16%
10,350 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy. ..:...
400 Chicago Ind &St Louis 9 |
Chicago Ind & St Louis prefd 40
100 Chicago & ' East ■ Illinois 77
1.250 Chicago & Northwestern 163 Vi
16.250 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... ... 120
625 C C C & St. Louis 67
SOO Colorado Southern 5Vi
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
800 Delaware & Hudson 1244
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. l7s4
2.509 Denver & Rio Grande...:.-. 22H.
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 764
Erie ! 134
100. Erie Ist prefd 3SH
Great Northern, prefd...: 16S
1,400 Hocking Coal 1874
1,490 Hocking Valley.... '.. 26*4
1,645 Illinois Central.: 116
560 lowa Central ■ 1.44
ZOO lowa Central 'pre M..' 68%
1.000 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gu1f....... 10%
Lake Erie & Western 21
■ Lake Erie & Western prefd So>;
Lake Shore..'. 2014
5.040 Louisville & Nashville 824
2,645 Manhattan L : 116%,
100 Metropolitan Street Railway.., 206
1.32"- Mexican Central.- " 13«
2.610 Minn & St Louis 75
. 450 Minn & St. Louis' prefd 974
4.200 Missouri Pacific 491s
100 Mobile ft Ohio 4d4*
" 1.400 Missouri Kansas- & Texas 12%
2.&00 Missouri Kansas & Texas preM 404*
210 New Jersey Central 11314
• 2.450 New York Central 139'
7.170 Norfolk & Western .' 1414
1.000 Norfolk & Western prefd '.... 7|U
14.115 Northern Pacific .'..- 54*%
4,210 Northern Pacific prefd :........ 77%
2,900 Ontario & Western 271,
: • Oregon Railway <<• Nay 44' ;
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75
8,980 Pennsylvania 136V4
200 Reading : «2Vt
1,200 Reading Ist prefd v. • :'.
500 Reading 2'] prefd ' 334
Rio Grande Western 3t) I
Rio Grande. Western prefd 78
.. 200 St Louis.* San Fran .' 10% I
-. . St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
200 St Louis & San Fran 24 prefd..: . . 354
2.900 St Louie Southwestern- 17' i
1.200 51 Louis Southwestern pr»fd SM4
10,175 St Paul 134% ;
St Paul prefd...- 174
100 St Paul & Omaha lllVj :
20.480 Southern Pacific ■ 40V4
4,400 Southern Railway .• 1284
8.950 Southern Railway prefd ' MV
4.« X) Texas & Pacific; .'. 22 l 4
4.9Ps '.Union Pacific '..'.-. 4:.';,
! 1,200 Union Pacific prefd '. 784
Wabash : 8
200 Wabash prefd ' 23*4
I.O<X) Wheeling & L E 104
200 Wheeling & L E prefd....: 24U
Wisconsin Central 15U
P C C A- St Louis 7714
Express Companies —
Adams .' 113
American , 141
'.. United States : . 50
Wells Fargo US
Miscellaneous —
7,860 American Cotton 0i1....'. 43%
American Cotton Oil prefd 934
100 American Malting 17
American Malting prefd 67
100 American Smelting & Ref 44
American Smelting & Ref prefd SII4
American Spirits 6%
American Spirits prefd 27
l,i*o American Steel Hoop 38' i
500 American Steel Hoop prefd 8314
l.« 00 American Steel & Wire.. 57%
500 American Steel & Wire, prefd 98 1
1,250 American Tin Plat? 4214
200 American Tin Plate prefd 90
1,200 American Tobacco •. 1214
American Tobacco prefd 141
100 Anaconda Mining Co 57
25.160 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 109',;
3,200 Colorado Fuel &- Iron 52
2,120 Continental Tobacco 47%
Continental Tobacco prefd 97%
1.000 Federal Steel '. 594
1.700 Federal Steel prefd ; Jt%
.-. General Electric 123
400 Glucose Sugar 63
Glucose Sugar prefd 106
100 International Paper 404
200 International Paper prefd 7^'
Laclede GaK .' 574
200 National Biscuit is
National Biscuit prefd 1014
150 National Lead .' 3314
National Lead prefd 112-4
GOO National Steel 56
300 National Steel profd 98
New York Air Brake 192
20fl North American '. 12%
1.6r,0 Pacific Coast 45%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 85
--3.0U Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65«
1.400 Pacific Mall ;.... 474
1.920 People" 1 Gas....' 120%
Pressed Sleel Car 654
Pressed Steel Car prefd 594
Pullman Palace Car .ir>S
100 Standard Rope & Twine s'J
10.160 Sutrar 153
Sugar pref.l ...., 1 120
10.2C0 Tennessee Coal it Iron 96%
2,810 United States Leather.: M
100 United States Leather prefd 74"i
United States Rubber 49%
United States Rubber prefd..... 1154
Western Union ..... SS r> 4
barei 10M. •
CLOSING RONDS.
C S -« reg ioou U X ft T Ms 69%
po ■ < reg my t \ Do is ; sJ'*
£° 2s coup ion{ NY C lsts IV..UW
Do new 4s reg....I.W4JN J C gen f.s 120
Do new 4s coup. .130*4 N Caro Cs i>«
! Do old 4s reg n 2 .., Do 4s ..'..'.IM
Do old 4s coup. ..UZV, ir iS i 5i 1 *! %
£° Bs reg iv% Do 3s C7'4
Do Da coup Ul% Do 4s 'ioi
Dlst of Col ».65p...117 NYC&St L4s 107*
A«a class A 103 & W con 4s .;f" mW
\>° »>« " 100 Do gen C 5 .......:i35
Do class C 101 Or Nay lsts.... 11314
Do Currency Km Do 4h ......... \s*
Do adj 4n 3 S7H Do ,on Lino 11314
r* ° %J iS 87 '* D ° COn &S 113U
Can So 2ds Rending Gen 4«" jmt
Ches ft Ohio 4>45.. 97t? R O Ist" 0H
Do t* US%jSt L & 1 MCJi"IS
Chi &- Nor con 7s..m^ St L & s F O S-i 11
Do 55 F deb 55.. ..122 it Paul cons. Un
Chi Term is 'j?% St P C & P Ju'iiv,
D ft R Q lsts 106 1 Do Cs ... ■• loii?
Do 43 l"0 So Railway 5s 1/1514
X T V ft •'. lsts,.. M% Stand R & T 6b*" M
Erie Gen 4s 72'i,Tex & Pao lsts ""11s
FWft D C let*... SOVi Do 2ds .... '"■ ' «
Gen Blec :.s Uf'i V Pac 4s ..'.'.; '. i&L
GII * S A 65......10«t c& S 4s. . " «
Do 2ds Vi% Waba^h l?ts ..."'■licv
H &TC 5s lUH I>o 2d« ' 100*1
Do con 6s 112\i West Shore 4a.. "1U&
lowa Cen lsts 115 Wis Central lsts" 7?
X C }' & G lsts... 724 Va Centuries...?. gjM.
La new con 4s 108 , Do deferred.. ' *
L ft N unl 4s 994
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario 755
Crown Point 22 Ophir 1 no
Con cai & Va. is Plymouth 8
Dead wood 'CO Quicksilver 2 00 !
Gould & Curry 3 Do prefrd $00 '•
Hale ft Norcross... 2fi Sierra Nevada 65
Homestake 60 CO Standard 2 fib
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 2$
Mexican MMYellow Jacket <,*
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Land.. .. 8
Call loans MMtfjWest End 95
Time 10an5........ 4@5 j Do prefrd 113
THE SA!N fKAJJ CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
Stocks— Westlnghs Elec 49
AT&St Fe 22% Do prefrd 68
Do prefrd i.j% Bonds—
Araer Sugar 159 Atchison 45... 100%
Do prefrd 120 : Mining Shares —
Bell Tele 345 Adventure 9
Boston & Albany.. 2s4. Atlantic 28
Boston Ele l*>% Boston & Mont 355
Boston & Maine. ..l 94 Butte & Boston... 78
Chi B & Q 136% Calum & Heels...
Fitchburg prefrd... 113 Centennial '.... 33%
Gen Electric 123". Franklin 20
Do prefrd. ...... 140 Humboldt 2T«
Federal Steel 60 Osceola 89
Do prefrd 81V. Parrot .' 53
Mexican Cent 15><» Qulncy •. 158
Mich Tele 100 ;St Fe Copper 15
Old Colony 206 Tamarack .' 226
Old Dominion 37 Wlnona 11*4
Rubber 50 Wolverines 46%
Union Pacific.. 45"* i Utah ..'. 44
<£. . , — §►
Associated Banks' Statement.
4 : — $>
The Financier says: The feature of the New
York bank statement for the current week was
an expansion of J1.045.600 In loans, the first
that has been recorder] sin^.- July S last. The
liquidation in this item In the Intervening
period has been no less than $47,000,000. The
loss in deposits in the same time has been
about $50.000.0 00. but the banks have $10,001,000
more surplus reserve than reported early In
July. Their position is correspondingly strong
er. " but the fact that loans are rising indi
cates that this steady liquidation is at an end.
The loan expansion, in view of the activity, Is
moderate to say the least. The banks gained
$1,000,000 as a result of the week's operations,
and as the Increase of $1,252,500 In deposits
called for an increase of leas than a third of
1 a million, in additional reserve requirements,
I there was an addition of 1686.976 to surplus,
I making the excess at the close of the week
$15.052.30. This Is k'SB than half the amount
I held at this season in ordinary years, but
! nothing approaching the present condition of
affairs, bo far as the widf distribution of
money is concerned has ever been known In
this country, and it is reasonable to Fiippose
that the drain on New York this fall will, be
correspondingly less. It Is reported, for in
stance, that the banks of Kansas are carrying
two-thirds up much surplus reserve as the total
held by the New York banks, and the interior
States are quite as well off. But while the
hanks here have managed to expend their sur
plus to a respectable figure. It Is not to be
i inferred that the rates for funds will. nlnk to
1 a lower level than at present. <'n the oon-
I trary the money market Is expected to main
tain rather a firm level over the opening of
1 September. After the crops have been moved,
however. It will be surprising If there is not
a relaxation in loan quotations, but before
this oc-iirs, the heavy export movement in
the way of cereals and cotton may influence
exchange rates to a point where gold Imports
will follow. It is an Interesting commentary
that the circulation of the New York banks
' Is beginning to expand once more after the
; greatest need for relief ha-3 passed. This has
'•■ always been ttw case In former periods of
I stringency.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21.855 barrels; exports, 16,029 barrels. Sales,
4600 packages. Quiet but firmer. Winter pat
ents. |2 60493 90; winter straits, .lS 3s9* 46; Min
nesota patents. $3 Ss®4 10; winter extras, $2 45
$2 SO; Minnesota bakers, (3 059315; winter low
grades. $2 30^2 40. 1 r " ; -
WHEAT— 140,400. bushels; exports,
798S bushels. Sales, 1,320,000 futures; spot strong.
j No. -2 red. 79c f. o. b. afloat spot: No. 1 North
ern Duluth, SlUe f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2
I red. 77c elevator. Options opened strong at > = c
advance, controlled. by higher cables' and rains
In the Northwest. They later ruled quiet and
firm on a demand from shorts, closed easy un
der final realizing' at H9Hc net advance. Sales
included: No. 2 red May, !«2."iflS3c.. closed £2 T *c;
September 77%®77%c. closed 77»4c; December,
1 SO l-i'M' 1 *c closed 80\»e.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1*:"1
■ crop. 6c; 1*97 crop, nominal: IS9B crop, lO'SlSc;
Pacific Coast, 18»; 4@6c; 1597 crop, • nominal;
I I*9B crop. 12«?l«c.
HIDES- Firm: Galveston, 20^23 pounds, l«4
917 c: Texas- dry, '2Ki3O pounds,. 12>i<iJ13c; Cali
fornia,' BIE pounds. lS^c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece,. . 21<$24c;
Texas 131516 c. . -'>'-'
PIGIRON— Firm; Northern, 117 SnifJlS.
COPPER— Quiet; brokers, $^.".". exchange,
US BO
LEAD— Steady; brokers. $4 35; exchange, J» 60.
TlN— Easy; straits, $30 719 M S7V4: plates,
1 dull. . ••
SPELTER— domestic. $5 65 nominal.
The brokers' price for lead Is 14 35 and for
copper (is 50. Metal. Exchange ' closed.
COFFEE— Options dosed dull; net unchanged
!to 3 points higher. Sales, none. Spot Coffee—
I Rio market dull and nominal; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; No. 7 jobbing, 6>ic. Mild— Cordova,
9K<E?llc.
j SUGAR— HeId higher and firm: fair refining.
j 4c; centrifugal,. N test, 4 9-16 c; 3 7 t,c for molasses
sugar, refined, i firm; No. I, 418-l6c; No. 7,
4 c- No S, 4 11-l«c- No. 9. 4%c: No. 10. 4Uc.
No. 11. 4%e; No. 12, 4 15-16 c; No. 13, 4 15-lSc; No.
14 mold A, C%c; standard, sV*c; confectioners'
A," . r iV 4 c ; cut loaf, 6%c; crushed, 6c; powdered,
E%i ; granulated, 6V4c-; cubes, 5%e.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4410 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 17<S21c; factory, 13@15Uc.
EGGS — Receipts, 6173 packages: firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 17«?lSc, loss off; Western un
graded. 12516 c at mark.
CALIFORNIA MRIED FRt'ITS.
NEW YORK, Auk. IS. -California dried
fruits quiet and unchanged.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7' 2 c;
prime wire tray, &Vit< s '-sc; choice, S^fc'Jc;
fancy. C'
I'ltT"Ni:s- -3<4(SSc per pound aa to size and
quality.
APRICOTS-- Royal. 14c; Moorpark, 14^ 16c.
PEACHES— I'npceled, Ilftl2e.
Chicago Grain Market.
$ ■ __ _ ♦
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Wheat opened strong at
an improvement of %c over yesterday's latest
prices. The advance had substantial backing.
Foreign markets showed sharp advances, Liv
erpool being up %'S%d and London 1 / 4 l Ssid.
Advices In regard to the Russian and Rou
manian crops were gloomy and probably had
considerable to do w4lh the advances at Liver
pool and London. Domestic news was even
more bullish in its tone than the foreign ad
vices. Heavy and continued rains were re
ported all over the. Northwest wheat fields and
many complaints of damage on that score were
received. The strength shown by corn was also
notable enough to affect shorts In wheat. Dur
ing the first- hour of the short sessions trading
on the market was quite active.' September
opened at "72'4'i?72%c. nnd even at that price
there was not much wheat offered. Shorts were
active bidders for everything offered and the
price got to 73%tfT73Hc berore realizing was suf- i
ficient to satisfy the demand. A short reaction :
to 72ViC followed, but the market quickly re- I
covered and in the space of the next half hour \
touched 72% c. The market then quieted down
somewhat. There was a good deal of selling
against weekly calls during the latter part of
the session and one or two slight reactions re
sulted therefrom, but the market had too mnch
substantial support to admit of a material de
cline and shortly before the • close 72% c was
Again touched. A decrease of about a million
bushels In the visible supply was looked for
Monday. September reacted to 724.C and closed
firm at that price.
Trading in corn was marked by great activ
ity and . indenpendent strength. Continued
small receipts nml heavy shipments and de
crease in stocks alarmed the short interest In
September nnd resulted In a rush for cover,
which advanced that option lV&c on the day.
Deferred futures advanced a little In gym
pathy.
Oaf? were firm with corn. September closed
Vi'S^c higher. -
Provisions were Fteßdy but very dull. ..:.:■
At the close September pork was unchanged,
lard 2Hc higher and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: "'
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
September 72' i • 72»4 72^i 72%
December 74%. 74% 71*4 74? i
May • 77% 77% 774 77%
Corn No. 2—
September 31 14 K2'i 31 M, 3214
December..... 2S 3 i I*\ 2« > 2ST6
May • ' 30 • SO 2;*% 29?*
Oats No. 2— •
September 20 20yi 20 . 20W
December 19 T /4 20 ]!»■* 2 0
May 21V4 21% 21% 21^
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September 835 8 374 8 32.4 * 32«
October «45 843 840 . 840
January ..9 55 960 9 52% 960
Lard, per 100 pounds— .
September ..5 25 6 2714 5 22% 625
October 530 5 35- 530 5 324
January 5 47V- 660 5 47% .5 47V4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— a .
September 5 124 615 5 12^ 6 124
October 5 174 620 -5 174 6 174
January ... . 5 00 5 co 4 97 1 4 974
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, strong: winter ■ patents, $3 60<5?3 fio;
straights. $3 10©3 30: spring " specials." $4 20
--spring patents, $3 40<J?3 70; straights, 12 SOSJ
3 10: bakers', $2 2002 60; No. 3 spring wheat.
690724 c: No. 2 red, 73U<274c;,X0. 2 corn. 32% -
No. 2 oats, 214Q21%c; No. 2 white, L'3Vt'?23 : 'ic:
No. 3 white. 22@234c; No. 2 rye. 54c; No. 2
Barley. 34@3Sc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 06; prime
timothy seed, $2 4092 45; mess pork, per bar
rel, $7 6098 35; lard per 100 pounds, $5 1205 25:
short ribs sides (loose). $4 65(f(5 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $5 624@5 75; short clear
sides (boxed). $5 50f?5 65; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut
loaf. 6c; granulated. 5.50 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 42,000 3.000
Corn, bushels 191.000 . 234.000
Oats, bushels 757.000 327,000
Rye, bushels 7.000
Barley, bushels 37,000 97,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 15@20c; dairy. 13(3
17c. Cheese, firm, 94@10'ic. Eggs, firmer;
fresh, 124 c -■'::■■
&■■ — ■ &
Foreign Futures. %
— ; ■— 4
«■'. . ■ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' Kept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 104 6 00%
Closing 5 104 6 00%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 70 20 60
Closing • 19 70 20 60
Flour-
Opening 1 ■ 42 70 27 60
Closing 42 70 27 65
4, — • — : —^
Eastern Livestock Market.
* . ■ ■ — <§>
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— CATTLE— There was
not enough offered to-day to make a market
and prices for all grades were practically nomi
nal The cattle offered were disposed of at
prices unchanged from yesterday.
HOGS advanced about r.e, the demand being
good and the supply small. Heavy hogs, $4 25(!J
4 90; mixed lots, $4 6094 90; light. $4 60@4 95;
pigs. $3 60ij?4 So; culls. $2 50@4 20.
SHEEP— Receipts of sheep and lambs were
small, as is usual on Saturday, and the mar
ket was mostly nominal. Sheep ranged from
$1 75494 50 for poor to best, Western, ranee
sheep bringing $3 15@4 10; lambs, $3 25-ti 25,
chiefly $3(g(5.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs. 13.000; sheep, 1000,
■ Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. Silver, 29 11-16 d; French
! rentes, l 0f; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers
and sellers apart: cargoes on passage, rather
firmer: cargoes No. 1 Ftandard California, 29s
i 9d; Indian shipments wheat to United King
' dom, 000; Indian shipments wheat to Conti
nent, 24,000.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 19.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
! standard California, 6s 4d@6s Id; wheat In
' Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16 d.
' CLOSING.
WHEAT -Spot No. 2 red Western winter.
: firm. 5s 94d; do ex-quay. 5s 9d; No. 1 red
i Northern spring, firm. 6s Id; No. 1 California,
6s 4dig6s Id. Futures closed steady. Septem
ber. 5b 104 d; December, 6s 64.
CORN— American mixed spot, new, quiet, 3s
4d: do old, quiet, 3s 4»id. Futures, steady.
' September. 3a 4d; October, 3s 4%d; November,
' nominal.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 7s 6d.
London Wool (Market.
LONDON. Aug. 19.— The firmness of holders
prevented transactions In- wool during the week,
although there was an Increased Inquiry for
merinos and fine crossbreds. One hundred
bales were sold at 5 per cent advance. Coarse
cross- breda were In demand for American ac
count And a few parcels were sold. .'■_:■:'.
Arrivals to dat« for the next series of auc
tion sales which will open on September 9
aggregate 201,362 bales, of which 61,000 was for
warded direct. .-::.:
--• Cash in the Treasury.
. ■
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of.- the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $273,026,505; gold re
serve. $245,864,774.
■ Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Aug. 19.— Exchanges, $152,521;
balances. $32,171. •
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 19. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 574@;?c; valley, 59^5940; bluestem, fio^
: 61c. ■ . ;
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5.......— > $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 $7^4
Sterling Cables — 4 bS!i
New York Exchange, sight — ' 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic..— 124
Mexican Dollars 434 ft
Fine Silver, per ounce... — ...... — ' W4
Wheat and Other Grains.
.
WHEAT— The week closed^ on a firm and
hardening market, with an increasing demand
on shipping account and a rise In futures.
The. Improvement seems to be general
throughout the world. Chicago was firmer on
account of better foreign advices and a good
1 shipping and speculative demand. Cables were
' ltd higher, principally owing to bullish re
ports from London regarding the Russian croo.
i In this country, too. the outlook Is less fa
vorable, heavy rains in the Northwest doing
some' damage. The exports for the week
were 4,000,000 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05#l 07%; mining,
$1 1091 124. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
24.C00 ctls. $1 14; May— lfi.ooo, $1 IS?;.
Second Session— December— l4,ooo ctls, $1 13%;
2000, $1 14.
Regular Morning December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 14Vi: 14.000, $1 144.
BARLEY— Exports from this port during the
I first Seven months of the year were 455,300 ctls,
( valued at $329,200. against £38,000 ctls, at $653,
--2C9, during the same time last year.
The market Is steady, but very quiet. Feed.
SO^iSac;. Brewing, 90t}'.'5c; Chevalier, $115$}
1 224 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo rtls,
874 ci'
OATS— The demand continues slack at pre
vious quotations. The circular of George Mor
row & Co. says:
"Receipts for the week, 17. 05S centals, of
which- California contributed almost the entire
amount. The market is in a very unsettled and
unsatisfactory condition. Everybody Is antici
pating lower prices when the northern emp
begins to move, and. Judging by the fears of
' some people, one might think a great oat
i glacier were slowly working this way. It Is
more than probable the result will not be bo
bad as some people think.
•'What will happen to Red Oats when the
new Oregoas come to market Is quite a ques-
I tion. White Oats have been so scarce that, for
the first time In years. Red Oats have been
1 very generally used, and; like Red Oat hay,
'■ have proved themselves excellent feed. The
question 13 will they drop very much when
White Oats become plentiful? We think not.
I They are Just as good feed as the White Oata
! and consumers -have become accustomed to
their color. Red Oats have come to stay."
White, $1 1091 35; Red. $1 10@l 15 per ctl;
j Black, 90c(&tl.
CORN— Business continues very dull and
prices show no change. Eastern large Yellow.
$1 074; White. $1 074; mixed, $1 0591 074 per
ctl.
RYE— with ample offerings at 90@
i 32V-c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60-313 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
an.i Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 20@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@S for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 25Q3 50: Buck
wheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 s:>@6 95; In sacks. $6 35©6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. ' - -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
■ .'.•.l.;""''-" -JT'V--» ' ; -
The Hay market continues sluggish at weak
and unchanged quotations. Supplies are lib
eral and a further decline is feared.
Feedstuffs stand the same.
BRAN— SIS MOfXI per ton.
MIDDLINGS— II 7 50©19 50 per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 50 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27«28; Jobbing.
J2S rMi2'.l; Cocoanut Cake, $20(321; Cornmeal,
$23 60924 50; Cracked Corn, $21©2;: Mixed Feed,
$16516 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 D0»8 50 for common to good
i and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7®9; Oat.
*6(&8: Barley. Js@7: Island Barley. $1 505J5 50;
Alfalfa. $5®7 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
J&f(TlO.
. STRAW— per bale.
.«:-. Beans and Seeds.
Beans and Seeds continue dull and un
changed.
BEANS— $1 70@l SO; Small White, $2 05
<Q2 15; Large White. $1 6(X31 65; Pinks, J2 15®
2 25; Reds, nominal; Biackeye. $4 15<&'4 25; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4 10S"4 15: Pea, $2 15®
2 35; Red Kidneys, $2(32 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Bruwn Mustard, 2V»@3c; Yellow Mus
tnrd, nominal; Flax, $1 90©2 10; Canary Seed,
2*i'33c per Ib for California and 3^c for East
ern; Alfalfa, 8H99%c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4%c; Timothy,, nominal.
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $1 25@1 60; Green. $1 50
©2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are dull and weak at a slight de
cline. Onions are ea9j". Tomatoes are firm, but
the other Vegetables are In liberal supply and
weak.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. 90c«?$l: Early
Rose, TSigflOc; Burbanks. 751?90c pe r ctl: Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 25*rl 40; Sweet Potatoes,
2c per lb.
ONIONS— BO996O per ctl for Sllverskins;
Pickle Onions', 750 per ctl.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. m«?2c per lb;
String Beans, 193 c; Lima Beans, 2';.'f3c; Cab
bage, 50960 c; River Tomatoes. 60960 c; E?g
Plant, 86940 c; Green Okra, 35ftil0c per box: Gar
lic, 2f?3e; Green Peppers, 25940 c tor Chili and
40960 c per box for Bell; Carrots, 30<g40c per
sack; Bay Cucumbers. 20(g25c; Pickles. 60c for
No. 1 and 40c per box for No. 2; Summer
Squash. 20!fi*5c: Marrowfat BqUash, $15 per ton;
Green Corn, 25"(?75c per sack, 50cff$l 25 per crate
for Alamec^a and 40&60 c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern are announced for to
morrow. Doves continue cheap and abundant.
POULTRY— Live turkeys, Ilstl3c for Gob
blers and ll@l3c for Hens; Young Turkeys.
15iM7c: Geese, per pair. ?1 25®1 50; Goslings,
U. 6095; Dui-ks, 1893 66 for oid and $3 boiio
for young; Hens, $3."0'f?0; young Roosters. $sfr
6: old Roosters, $I@4 50; Fryers, $4© 4 50; Broil
ers, $3&3 50 for large. $2 50@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs are both higher and firm,
with moderate stocks. Cheese also rules firm,
with some sales at lie. though this figure is
rather too extreme for a flat quotation.
BUTTER— . ;-;ji£
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 24@25c; sec
onds. 224®234c
Dairy— Fancy. 22®224c; good to choice, 20@
21c; store, 17@18c per lb. '
Pickled rol>. I3g'2ic; firkin, 16@lSc; creamery
tub. 21 He per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 104 c; old 10c;
Young America, 104@llc: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 18*3200 for store and 224
j @26c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, IS ! 2'S2Oc
I tor selected, 16@17c for No. 1 and I4&lic for
seconds. .;?•■'■- i •. ■■'■ -■ -' - - •
- Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Bortlett Pears continue to improve and the
canners are again buying on this market, but
Peaches and Plums are still in the dumps as
far as the canners are concerned, though table I
Peaches are selling- off better. Grapes and
Melons continue weak, with large stocks. Figs
! are slow of sale. Berries show little change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 25©50 c per box for common and 60c<3
$1 15 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $3 50®4 per chest:
Strawberries, $598 per chest for small and $3®4
for large berries: Raspberries. $3 60(g5 per
chest: Huckleberries, s<S7c per lb. ,
Grapes, 2j(7i4Oc per box and cratn for Fon
tainebleau, 25^500 for black. 35@75c for Mus
cat. 25!g60c for Tokay and 40960 c for Seedless.
Watermelons, $2 60919 60 per 100.
I Cantaloupes, 50@85c per crate; Nutmegs, 100
I 4(>c per box. . .
Pears— 2sW 4oc ' per box. according to size:
Bartletts. 75c®$l 2." per box for green and 20®
40c for ripe: in bulk, $20©35 per ton.
Nectarines, 40960 c per box for white and EOJI
65c for red. i>^ : . :7." v • ■
Flrs 60990 c per box for double layers of
small black and 25©50 c for large purple.
Peaches. 2."f7 per box and 16960 c per bas
ket; In bulk, 110913 per ton for all kinds.
Plums. 20(j?40c per box; Prunes, 35@75c per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $10@15 per
ton.
. Quinces, s<VfJ6oc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I*sl 50 for com
mon and $1 751J3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes $3 50fi4; California Limes, per
small 'box; Bananas, $1609*66 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1&2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market for new fruits is in first-class
condition and Improving. Government orders
for Apples keep them firm. Nectarines are
higher, being very scarce and wanted. Pears
are strong, with a good demand. Peaches are
vr v steady, with good sales. Prune: and
Raisins are the two kinds' that still remain
Inactive, though there is a growing demand
for the former. They are still quoted below
what they should be worth In comparison with
the other fruits, and on account of this dis
. parity holders are firm and Inclined to exact
i fun figures.
DRIED FRUITS (Old -Prunes, 6^c for
40-60** 5c for 60-60' e, 4c for 60-70" 34<g3»ic for
7' •80*8, 111934 C for SO-90's. 24©2% c for aO-100's
and 29>Hc for 100-110' a.
DRIED FRUITb (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks. 6§6Hc for 40-50" s. :>rdo%c for 50-60" s. 4®
41- .<■ per lb for 10-70*8, 3W for 70-80" S, 3«j3Uc
for.&O-PO'H and 3%tfl%C for 90-100"s: Apricots.
104«illc for Royals. 12V"1"'" for Moorparks;
Peaches, 54<9C4c for Standards and 7@740 for
choice; Evaporated Apples. "i&7 l <.c; Sun-dried,
4ST-3C per Ib; Nectarines, ■,'».- per lb; Pears.
-i.<i«i,i' for -quarters and B@9c for halves;
Black Figs, 2»,i©2?ic.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 6%c for four-crown, 44@6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 34c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
i for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%(J?3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. 598 c for hardshell, 10@llc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts, ll@12c; Almonds,
I new crop, 74c for Languedoc and 94c for pa
, per-shell; peanuts, 5?4@6&c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 84e9c; Filberts, ll@114c; Pecans, 74@
8c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 1!M:C for bright and 104 c for
I light amber: water white extracted, 7&@74c;
light amber extracted, 64@7c; dark, 5V»c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24£26c per lb.
Provisions.
The past week has been quieter than Its pre
decessors, but the market hns been steady.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S^c per lb for
heavy. 9®9Vi>c for light medium, lie for light.
12^c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Hffll4c; Califor
nia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. fJMM* 50; ex
tra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $l<i 50; mess,
$15(?jl5 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at Ett96f&a per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins. B'4c; 5-lb tins. BV4c.
COTTOLENE-Tierces. 6%97'^c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The rise In Boots and Shoes has Imparted
strength to Hides in the East, but prices show
no change.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the. quotations. Heavy ealted
steers. IOQIOHc: medium, 9<ff9Hc; light, 9c:
Cowhides, 9c; Stngs, 6c: Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
luc; dry Uldes, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20<&30c each; short
Wool. 3r.(g6Uc each; medium, 70ni90c; long Wool,
90cff$l 10' each; Horse Hides, salt. $2<ii2 25 for
large nnd $1 25(31 50 for small; Colts, 25®50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4(f4^c per lb; No.
2, 3((i3'^c; refined. ; grease. 2ip2^4c
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months, S@llc; San Joaquln Foot
hill, defective, BO9c; Valley Oregon, 17® 18c;
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9@lltyc
for fair to good.
Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs, SJflOc; do
plains, "®Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7V2»r9c.
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
"Our wool market Is rather quiet, as the
scouring mills are cleaning up, and Eastern
commission brokers cannot get any orders for
scoured wool at prices at which wools can be
made now.
"As usual, the first few lambs' wools that
came in brought high prices and raised the
views of growers on their fall wools. The
outlook is good for a firm, steady market, but
extremely high prices cannot be realized as
yet. Wools have been higher In the West than
in the Eastern seaboard markets and will Bavt
to rise materially in the East to meet the
Western men's views.
"It Is not surprising that there is a lull In
the market when we take Into consideration
that since the Ist of April over 40,000.000 pounds
of wool have been shipped from this market
alone. The woolen goods market Is firm and
advancing and clothiers are amazed at the ad
vance In goodß, especially as people now want
a better class of goods than they formerly
used. The spring wools are nearly all mar
keted and the warehouses are pretty well
cleaned up."
HOPS— I.SSB crop. 15(ffl7Ho rer lb; 1399 crop,
Utt9l3c bid and refused.
San Francisco Meat Market.
AH descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7?ic per lb for Steers and 64©7 c for
Cows. '
VEAL— per lb.
' MUTTON— 74@Sc; Ewes, 7@7}40 per
pound. '
LAMB— Spring:. 84@9c per lb. : -
PORK— Live hogs 5«4<&5 T for small. «c for
medium and's%(Ss% for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders. 54c; dressed Hogs, "6S4C. •
General Mercliandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7^c: Wool Bags,
26© 28 c; Fruit Bnffs. 5%c, 5V4<" and 6c for the
three grades of white and "@7V4c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coon Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 In bulk and $10 50
in Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, r? 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— Th» Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5-Hc;
Powdered, i,%c; Candy Granulated, bhic; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A. 4v4c; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, i%c;
Golden c, 4%c; barrels, l-16c mure; half barrels,
He more; boxes. %c more: 50-lb bags, 'ie more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, a^c; boxes,
6%c jjer lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOX SATURDAY. AUGUST 19.
Flour, qr sks 14.570 Sugar, sks 4.155
Wheat, ctls 8,085 -Sugar, bbls 5S
Barley, ctls 7.441 Straw, tons 4
Oats, ctls 1.090 Hay. tons 6fi3
Corn, ctlF r» Pelts bdls inn
Cheese, ctls 37 Hides, No 873
Cutter, ctls 175' Eggs, <lnz 11,260
Beans, sks 17<V Quicksilver flsks. tl
Potatoes, sks 5.670; Leather, rolls 63
Onions, sks ,'lf) Wine, gals 8,060
Bran fks 2,280 Brandy, gals 4,07.''
Middlings, sks... 390, W001, bags 23S
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1,238, 8 ran, sks IS3
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quiet and quotations showed
no changes worth of note, though the feeling
was firm as a rule.
Mining stocks closed the week lower and dull.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30
this morning the water was 29 feet below the
1950-foot level station. We shut down No. 2
elevator yesterday. No. 1 elevator is running
continuously."
The Chollar assessment falls delinquent in
board to-morrow.
The monthly dividends of the Hutchinson
Plantation Company of 25 cents per share and
of the Spring Valley Water Company of 42
cents per share, will be paid to-morrow.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
6TOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, August 19-12 m.
Bld.Aski Bid. Ask
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 3U 4»4
4s quar c0up. .112 — iMutual El Co. 16»- 16%
4s quar reg — — OGL & H 4Si, 68
4s quar new... — 130H!Pac Gas Imp. t;9 : ~ 10%
6s quar coup.. — 10SH I Pad L Co 42 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 69 r > 4 70
Cal-st Cab 55. 114 — San Fran .... 3V» 3%,
C C Wat 65... — llOH! Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65..129V4135 | Insurance—
F&CIRy 6s — 117 Flrerns Fund. 224 221
Geary-st R 5s — 95 1 Bank Stocks—
HC & S R%s.. 10714 — ! Anglo-Cal .... — 70
L A Ry 65...-106%107% Bank of Ca1..275 280
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Cal SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — I First Natlonal.23o 2:i7'i
Do gntd 55.. — 100 ; Lcn P & A 129% —
Market-st 65. .. 126V^ — |Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.116V4 — Nev Nat 8k...153V4 —
NCG R R 7s.HO — ; Savings Banks—
NR of Cal 65.111H — !Ger S & L...1660 —
NR of Cal 5«.H4 — 1 Hum S & LWSO 1180
NPC R R 65.10654 — Mut Say Bk. 39 —
NPC R R 0H.1065i107% S F Say U...5"0 —
N Cal R R ss. 11l — Say & L So. — 82%
OGL & H 58.111 — iSec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Transt 65. 112 — ! Union T C 0.1400 1440
Om C Ry 65..1265j130 i Street Railroads—
P & d Ry «s.Kis'/2107 ! California 116 120
Pk &O Ry 6b.H5 — ! Geary 60 —
Powell-st R6s — 125 Market-st .. 61* 62
Sac El G&RSs — — iOak S L & H. — 60
SF * N P Ss.ll3%'— ; Presidio — 16
SF & S JV55.116%116% Powder—
SR of Cal 65.108H — California .... — 170
S P of A SB...ill%ll»« E Dynamite... RS —
S P C 6s(1905)112 112*4 r ant Con Co.. 73»i 73H
S P C 6e(1006). — 114% Viß'>rlt 2", -
S P C 60(1912).HS 122 Sugar—
SPCin c~ 55.102% — Hans P C 0... 15% 1«
SPBr 6s 125>4 — Haw r&S C. — V)2'-i
B V Wat 6R...11fi>,i — Hutch S P Co. 32Vi 32%
S V Wat 4s ...104 — iKllauea 8 C. — *i
B V W 4si3.lmnoi%l'i2%'Makawell S C. 50^ 50%
Stktn Gas 6s. .104 107 jOnomea S Co. 3n^ 3>' c
Water Stocks— ! Paauhau S C. 39% 39^»
Contra Costa.. 75% 70 ! Miscellaneous—
Marln County. 60 — Al Pac Assn..U7>illß
Spring Valley.lo2 102% Mer Ex Assn.. — lihi
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 90 90)4
Capital Gas...— — ,'Pac A F A... 1% —
Cent G Co — — ; Pac C Bor C 0.133. 133 135
Cent L & P... — 7 1 Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
1(V) Giint Powder Con 73 51)
SO Hutchinson S P Co 32 50
■ l'lO Maka well m 25
H Mutual Electric Light 1< 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
2* Oceanic S S Co 90 50
BO Paauhau S P Co, b 90 4ft no
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 60 40 00
110 Paauhau S P Co 39 ggu
10 S F'Oas & Electric Co 69 *7 : ~.
$3'W; S P of A Bonds 112 00
2S V Water 102 OT
Street—
5 S V Water m 2 jot'
$5000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
110 Equitable Gas 4 no
25 Giant Powder 73 25
DO Makaweli Sugar Co 50 50
5"1 Hana Plantation v; 50
15 Oceanic S S Co pn no
20 S F Gas & Electric 69 60
2ii S V Water 102 V>^
100 Vigorit Powder 3 12',%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 31 MO Crown Point.... 23
900 Best & Belcher 60 tOO Mexican 61
50 Caledonia 671 300 Potosi 35
l.'O Caledonia 66, 300 Savago 2i>
StW Chollar 19 300 Savage 19
300 Con Cal & Va..l 95 lftfl Seg Belcher.... 08
200 Cm Oil & Va..l 90: 700 Sierra Nevada. 65>
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Best & Belcher 60! 2<X> Con Cal A Va. .1 90
200 Caledonia 631 luO Justice \n
100 Challenge Con. 33 j 200 Mexican 51
300 Chollar '.... 2<> 350 O phi r I l«t
800 Chollar 13! 100 Potosi 3.5
400 Con Cal & Va..l 95'ilKOO Putosl 35
200 Con O»l & Val tH6] 50u Union Con Zl
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, August 1»- 12 m.
Bid. Ask. ' BIJ.Ask.
Alpha 06 o7. Justice 13 jj
Alta 06 07 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 14 15 Lady Wash 01 02
' Belcher 30 32iMexlcan 50 61
j Best & Belcher 59 60 Occidental 20 21
! Bullion 07 08 Ophlr IMIIS I
Caledonia 65 60 Overman 10 11
Chollar 18 lS»;Potosi 35 36 1
Challenge Con. 32 3i".-Savage IS 2i>
Confidence — 85; Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal A Va..l 85 190 Seg Belcher .. — vl
, Con Imperial... 01 02, Sierra Nevada. 68 6!)
Crown Point... 22 24 Silver Hill 03 04
Eureka Con BO — Syndicate 07
Con New York. — 02Standard 250
i Exchequer — WSt Louis — 12
Gould & Curry- 38 !W 'Union Con 26 27
Hale & N0r.... 30 31 Utah OS 09 I
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 30 32 i
Sun, Moon and Tide.
4^—-i — — — — 4
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the rity front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Ib the same at both places.
SUNDAY. AUGUST 20.
Sun rise*?:.' 6:55
Sun . set* 5 ;30
Moon setfe 4:44 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as Eometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey chart?, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 19. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 12flth meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Steamer Movements.
* _ — I <s>
TO ARRIVE^
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 1?.
Stmr Peru. Frl^le. 21 days from Panama, etc.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Luella, Miller. 60 honrs from Tlllamook.
Stmr cirone. Hitrsrins. 14 hours (mm Albion.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Buchard, IS hours from
Moss landing.
Stmr Weeott, Ellis, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Tillamook, Anfhuisen, 19 hours from
Needle Rock.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 62 hours from Tilla
mook.
Stmr Noyo, Winkel, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Haw stmr Aztec. Trask, 35% days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama IS days.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren. 12% days from
Tii'-oma.
Bark C°ylon. Wilier. 26 days from Honolulu.
F"r bark Lamoriciere, Creques, 82 days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Schr Webfoot, Atwood, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Ralph J Long, Pederson, 23 days from
NUBhasak.
• Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. IS hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Newark, Beck. "6 hours from Rr>ckport.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Walton, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Alice Kimball. Madsen, 2S hours from
Mendoclno.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannssen. 20 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Glcndale, Johnson. 9 days from Tacoma.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 19.
Stmr Mlneola, Pavid, Nanainv: P I Co.
Stmr Coos Hay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Brig 3 D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona;
J D Spreckels & Bros Cn.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 19.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Aberdeen, Peterson. Eureka. ,
Br ship Hyderabad. Scott. Antwerp.
Bark Albert. Griffith. Honolulu.
Brig John D Spreckels, Christiansen, Mahu
kona.
Schr Mizpah. AverilL Cnqullle River.
Schr John G North. Austin. Honoipu.
Bohr Western Hume. Daewerltz, Coos Bay-
Schr Reliance, Skipper, .
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Ralph J Long, from Nushagak—
Bktn Gardiner City was to sail about Auk 16
for Saa Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 19, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 16 miles.
DOHBSTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN>ENl>— Arrived Aug 19— Bark
Northern Light, hence Aug 3: ship Columbia,
from Vladivostok; Br ship Blalrgowrle, from
Cardiff; bktn Kllkitat, from Honolulu: bktn
Bcho from Taku.
EVERETT— Arrived Ang 19— Schr Laura May,
from Port Townsend.
HUETCEME— Arrived Aug 18 — Bchr Excelsior,
from Port Ulakeley.
ST MlCHAEL— Arrived July 29— Schr Sailor
Boy, hence June 21. to sail Aug 5, for .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aus 19— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aub 18— Stmr St Paul.
hence Aug 14.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr San
Pedro, from Eureka.
Sailed Aug 19- Stmr San Pedro, for .
EASTERN PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aug 19— Schr Beulah,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 19— Schrs
North Bend and Laura Madsen, for San Fran-
USAL— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr SunoL for San
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug IJ— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug 19— Schr Mabel Gray,
for Ventura; stmrs Pomona and Brunswick,
for San Frnnclsco.
Arrived Aug 19- Schr J Epplnger, hence Au-
FOXI ROSS— Sailed Aug 19— Schr Mary C,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE- Sailed Aug 19— Schr C S
Holmes, for Honolulu.
\rrived Auk 19- Schr Prosper, from Port
Townsend: bktn Kiikitat. from Honolulu.
PORT I. IDLoW- Sailed Aug 19— Schr Corona,
for Qumymas.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 19— Bktn Tarn o' Shan
ter. for San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug IS— Ship Geo
R Skotlcld, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Auk 17— Stmr Alllanca, for
New Tbrk.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Aus 17— Br ship King
David, for Antwerp.
DEPARTURE BAY- Arrived Aug 18— Barge
Colorado, In tow tUX Pilot
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Hecla. for
bagen; stmr Umbria, for Liverpool; stmr
Patricia, tor Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived pr-vious'y Aug 19 —
Stmr America Maru. from San Francisco.
Sailed Aug I. 1 — Stmr Empress of China, for
Vancouver.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Aug 19 - Stmr
Friederich der Gross?, from New York, for
Bremen.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton.
THE CALL CALENDAR
August. 1599
The Moonshiner's Woe.
Atlanta Constitution.
"This here guvfrnm.'iit. wants the
earth," said the old moonshiner. "The
revenue men caught me in the act an'
hauled me up before the jedge. The jedge
looked like a reasonable man, an' I told
him that I only run a 'still' to buy shoes
for my family. That's whar I made a
break, for he says right off, says he:
'Well, I'm goin' to give you a chance to
make shoes for the guvernment. an' I'll
see to It that yer family gils a pair o' 'em
every six months.' Then he sent me up
for two years."
1920
TARGET POINTS
TO BE MADE BY
THE GUARDSMEN
New Rules to Govern
Annual Practice.
HOW MEDALS WILL BE GIVEN
STATE TROOPS IN THE GRANT)
RECEPTION PARADE.
Naval Militia Veterans Are to Have
a Banquet and Will Effect
a Permanent Organ
ization.
The following changes and amendments i
to firing regulations for small arms for J
the National Guard of California having
been adopted by the officers mentioned In j
section 2031 of the Political Code are here
by announced and approved:
Paragraph 2 is amended to read as follows:
2— TarKet practice in the National Guard shall
bo held In hucli months of each year as the !
nder-ln-chlef may designate.
l'u.iß>;ra.i>h 3 Is amended to read as follows: |
3— Each oUicer and enlisted man lirlng with the
rifle will be allowed annually sixty-five rounds
of ammunition and the same will be fired as
follows: At rectangular target: One score of \
live shots at each of tho 200, 300 and 6uO yard
routes at first practice; one score of live shuts j
ut each of the 200, 3(X> and 500 yard ranges at j
&(;cund practice; one score of live shots at each j
of the »ou, 300 iUid LOO yard ranges at third j
practice period. At skirmish targets: Un« ,
XL-ore of twenty shots at time designated.
Paragraph * is amended to read as follows:
A — Sklnniab firing will be by company at sil- i
houettes at known distances between 2l»0 and !
tuO yards, at target G. as provided In para- 1
Kraph 390, Blunt' ■ small arms tiring regula- '■
tions.
Paragraph 10 is amended to read as follows: I
10 — The names of all national guardsmen who j
have attended 60 per cent of the drills for the
year ending on tha lam day 01 the month next
preceding the one in which the last practice
Is held and who have qualified In any of the ;
qualifications, will be announced in orders by j
the adjutant general and be. published In his '
report.
Paragraph 16 is amended to read as follows: j
Tim target practice of the .Naval Militia !
Battalion will bo under the supervision of the i
Inspector general of rifle practice.
Paragraph 62 is amended to read as follows:
62— Each company, troop, corps, division or
other commander shall keep a complete record
of ail target practice held in his organization. ■
He shall make for the inspector of rifle prac- :
tice ftiur copies of the reports of the practice
held in each year, on blank forma furnished
by the adjutant general. Separate reports will
be made of skirmish firing in like manner.
The Inspector of rifle practice shall carefully
examine and certify to the correctness of, these
reports, and within flve days after the com
pletlon of the last pi • Ice forward three copies
to the brigade Inspector of rifle practice {.e.x
cept inspector of naval militia, who shall for 1
ward two pies to the division inspector of
ritle practice), who shall verify paid reports,
jmd within ten days alter their receipt by him
lorward two copies 10 the division Inspector
of rifle practice, who shall, within ten days
after tholr receipt by him forward one copy
to the inspector general of rifle practice. The
Inspector general of rifle practice all, within
twenty days after his leceipt of same, forward
copies of all reports to the adjutant general,
together with his report, as prescribed in sec
tion 2WS of the Political Code.
I'nragraph 65 is amended to read as follows: I
r&— Classification for revolver practice. Ten
Khots will be iired at each practice, of which
there shall be four, to be held in such months
as the commander In chief may designate.
Each officer and enlisted man urine with the
revolver will be allowed annually forty rounds
of ammunition, and those Bring will be classed
as follows: Averace of S*o uer cent, first class;
M.i per cent, second class: TO per cent, thirl
class; Co per cent, fourth class. The names of
these averaging less than tiM per ■•. Nt for the
four shots will not be announced In orders,
and only first class men will be permitted to
compete for the State medal for revolver prac
tice.
ll— ln compliance -with section 201S of the
Polltli al Code, paragraph 2, the National Guard
will parade, for target practice In their respect
l\e localities in the year 399 as follows: One
practice at rectangular targets will be held
flurini; each of the months ■■: September, Octo
ber and November. The practice at skirmish
tiring will be held after the practice at rectan-
Ciilai tareets is completed, and may be held
either ln the months of November or Decem
ber. Tho additional practice for those firing
with tbe revolver will be held in either No
vember or December.
Regimental commanders and the commanding
officer of the Naval Militia Battalion -will
designate the days ln above named months
when the practice of their commands will be
);eld, and tall an officer to Inspect same when
a regular inspector of rifle practice cannot be
present. Uritrade commanders will Issue like
orders for cavalry and BifiiaJ corps In their
commands.
These orders will not apply to the First In
fantry as regard;; time, but if said regiment
returns to duty In the miard in sufficient time
f<.r practice this year the same will be held
< n dates designated by its regimental com
mander.
Ill— No score will be accepted by these head
quarters unless same has been actually super
vised and attested by an Inspector of rifle
I'ractlce or a duly authorized officer, and a
«-opy of the order so authorizing must be filed
•with 6aid headquarters. Particular attention
of inspecting officers is called to paragraph 52,
Hmall Arms Firing Regulations. The attention
of all commanding officers is also called to sec
tion 2020 of the Political Code.
IV — Company and other commanders prepar
ing rolls for reports of target practice will
take particular care to enter the number of
t-tate medal held by each member In column
lor that purpose. .
Medals and bars for various classes -will
be awarded as follows: Rifle— Rifleman, medal
■with bronze bar; sharpshooter, medal with sil
ver bar; distinguished m&rksmsjn, medal with
(fold bar. Revolver — Third class, medal with
l>ronze bar; second class, medal with silver bar;
Brat class, medal with cold bar. After the
first qualification a bar only win be awarded.
Vl— The greater part of the National Guard
bavin.- been mustered Into and served In the
United States Volunteers during the Spanish-
American war of ISJS, and no complete target
practice having been held in that year, owing
to disarrangement caused by said war, thereby
preventing members from qualifying in various
rlasses in that year, therefore. In order that
they may not be deprived of the consecutive
yearly decoration for IS9B, it is hereby pro
vided that all members of the guard who be
came such prior to the Sth day of July IS9S,
and who qualify in the practice for the year
18M, will receive ln addition to the usual medal
«nd bar for 1539 a bar for the year IS9B also, in
accordance with the class in which they
qualify In 1889.
. Vll— The ammunition for rifle practice shall
contain not less than 66 grain.4 of powder and
405 grains of li>ad. Ammunition for revolver
practice will be Colt's revolver cartridges,
caliber .2s lone.
VIII — Wank forms for returns and Instruc
tions governing skirmishing firing for l&y9 will
be Issued later from this office.
The orders for the parade of the Na
tional Guard on the occasion of the re
ception of the returning volunteers on the
morning that they Bhall land will be is-
FU*il in a few days from division head
quarters. There will be In line from San
Francisco and the cities within the terri
torial limits of the Second Brigade, Briga
dier Genera] Warfleld and staff, the Fifth
Regiment of fan try, the Signal Corps,
Troop A, cavalry, the first and second di
visions of the Naval Militia and the en
gineer division of that body. From the
Third Brigade there will be Brigadier
General Muller and staff, one company of
Infantry from Sacramento, two from
Fresno and Troop B from Sacramento. It
Is possible thai Brigadier General Last
and staff of the First Brigade will be in
line
The United States army will be repre
sented l\v one or two regiments of the vol
unteers now .ii the Presidio, batteries of
the Third Artiljery and a squadron of
cavalry. The military will be under Brig
adier General Shatter and Major General
Dickinson..
Those members of tbe Naval Militia
who served on the [roquoia and Vigilant
during the Spanish-American war held a
meeting last Tuesday night on board of
the Marlon for the purpose of arranging
to enjoy a banquet on the evening of the
27th [nst., and the following were named
aa the committee to arrange for the event:
McMillan. Morrison and Plevin of the Iro
quota and Schmidt of the Vigilant. Dur
ing the evening thero was an organization
of the members - with a view to a perma
nent organization, and W. F. Burko. who
served on the rroquois, and W. Ahem,
who served on the Vigilant, were named
it committee to present a plan. The com
mittee will report at a meeting to be held
next Tuesday night on the Marion.
. ♦ ■ ■ .
Proner Notice Necessary
Louise Naud conducted a warehouse
business in Los Angeles, in which John
Btftwart rtored fourteen boxes, contain- i
ing household poods. Storage was paid
up t'> August !». 1595, and one year after j
the goods were sold to pay storape
charges accruing: since last payment. Suit
was brought for the conversion of thol
HALE BROS. HALE BROS. | HALE BROS. L____J? A i?^s??U | — ~-^fiSLJ!?2SU--_~^^JL_^ HALEJBROS^
|^we close every day at six, Saturday included."^ B=we shall close the day of our heroes' street parade, all day.^B
v i'-^^^ !f' I i^K^ here a hand to the boys who fifteen months ago ~^^^ /Vw^v^^^^^^4//I
' .JniftT W^-^^ fabrics crossed the seas, the first American soldiers W^\ 3^ i(^'lwV^%thJm "j/\'%
iTt^^o JZMIuXw- new ( ' rcss fabrics S y y to do duty on foreign soil— here's heart-glad • ' Cv^V^M TtW ( A \ 'vt^—Zj^r^,*, I'A
f .^<,'\Wr*r-\^ a late French novelty in fancy \ 0 dodutv on foreign soil lieres heart-glad <¥<^r }■ '- 1 i%rT*?YM Vvn
f'fes..'.- / ~~\~^'^ rr.nl. il suiting; having a heavy & o <y \^^ \ i "\ . -^ 4f\ M\\\J S I ' X-
V^^^i^ black cord on the new shades of welcome to the heroes who dared. \O^ V^' V M A 7 M, M j \B/ !/ 111
xfCS^^^ green, brown and new blue and pur- WeiCOiTie tO the herOCS WHO dated. V>\ \X.<> *x J \ V "Oi >f\ V
pie; 44 inches wide .fi> : suit ; fM \\ ',V 7 .uWll Z^Sv "',' \ \K\
I ready tO Wear New plaid covert cloth; extra ' — \^ y x }'i *\ulr P*^W'3 ''\ \ fir
1 . . . ^ -. .<« heavy; in all the new shades, 43 _ . . * <^^" ii - /-I \p^ I . w ' / . \/'A
J About a dozen $10 and 512 capes, lnch / s wide; makes a very dressy *1««--/*1^ ncittA Af4nfP 11tA U\itt\raic hosiery N^^^ I A " Id
C ar£ss d s«,*sj4 ■ flannels, comiorters and blankets by the dozen x^^\^f Ul -si
f *yj^ta"a*;"£l£Js2 ( "^ d cy a S3S;"ffSi*a!K: for - '» *-» "^ --" '"^ 2ta4o lnches: a flnely woven to^!i iS&'SS i£f SL* lin S^ SSt& \-^ \J\ _ (I
with small sleeves, lly front or J SI 2r» yard ' length- medium weight; extra 1/ \'l I^^ "~"">/A/
} double-breasted; good fitting; values " New' 'colored "crep'oris" in th" "new SOO yards bleached canton flannel that has become slightly soiled from hand- doub]e ' soles, heels and toes; £=v s^i J^~\ V ?H "^v j *
•^ up to as high as $10; sizes SC, , 3S 40. shades of blue and black; brown and ling; It is a very heavy, regular 15c quality yard 100 a well . made . close-fitting, elas- ~^J J^ \Mr Wl vv^ifl
V 42; / , to  ° a^"V"". r,"f ° black and purple and black and car- New flannelettes in a variety of patterns; in light and dark colorings; pink tic hose; sizes Bto 10; price per & «£S^C-I V*i' CA.^^^^fi)
16 white duck suits; small sleeves. dlna nd black; fine effect for. swell and blue stripes; 27 inches wide yard 6 l-2c pair 17c; price by the dozen V^\ ==»*-*=» jj y \ /a
/ ouT- s£rt plai?with^atS r Sfki walking costumes ...i;i:s 5O suit 300 pleces r<JW wrapper flann els; cashmere finish, with fleece back, in dark ' ? 1 '" 1 = — : T^ .£££&S%)
I r ,,'d u-iI V; ii > ■ « 7 ;< re- T. Nt ?, v , "' 1 i »'" h: V r , Cr£ ; POnS: ,V Sl colors and a great variety of patterns yard lOc La dies' imported black lisle-thread _^ -J-" *— *a-^2^
S d^ed tromU 50 to"/. . & ! ... !?Jl OO Sffi?to*to USed del SSVl^ New wrapper flannels in brown, lavender, red and dark blue; small patterns hose; fine quality; fancy Rembrandt laces and notions C
J 14 dozen percale wrappers; mcdi- «sgjg cfepo^sf th! best and stripes and dots; 35 inches wide yard Hi '2-lic drop stitcli; silk finish j double soles. 300 yards white lace , n cottQn and (
\ urn and dark shades, with nicely Prench make and designs; shown ex- Flannelette skirt patterns; £5 Inches long, 2% yards wide, with a 6-inch col- hee Is and toes, siz es » d0zen..»2.75 {££ a fortunate purchase of our V.
C finished flounces; cape over shoui- cluS | Ve i y by Kale's ....*^l?uU ored border each 2,'» c and »."c the pair — » c - by tne n --*- — '»| New York buyer in taking the entire ?
f der; imported braid trimming en ' • eiderdown comforters- double-bed size; 72x76 inches; figured sateen Children's narrow ribbed fine j lot; the price being very much less >
p b C a O chnd CU fr?nt; C ?ffnt SS£?lj£ enameled kitchenware d SiSfSSTaa?SS& co,ors ... , -plpp »? s%s!&&s}? to '"• C
X all sizes 91 OO The price on enameled and gran- 3 dozen comforters; figured chintz covered; dark filling; regular $1 value, ;,^^ton -'with double soles, wide 7 l-i»c V^
f All our summer jackets have been ite ware was raised about one-third at oOc heels and toes- ' sizes 6to 9%; price Lot 2— Cotton, 2 in. to 6 in. wide •
S greatly reduced in ' price and they not long ago, but previous to the io dozen comforters- all full size for double beds; figured silkoline covered; hv the Dalr 12% c; price by the lOc >
are all silk-lined; all latest cut; dip- prices going into effect we pur- white cotton filled; wool knotted 950 dozen .'.".....! HtI.US Lot 3-Silk and cotton, 5 in. to 8 C
C "moSy SiKSSS SSi^^S^^aaa^TS. «■ felS^jiigigp^S white cotton filled; stitched; ill Children's.fine ribbed lisle finished g* wi|-- •^ • -^ . .. . Ite T
J alterations made free of charge- now selling by the single article as in about forty colors and patterns f i - > hoge; guaranteed fast black and wide conon, 2<) -^
C $8 jackets reduced to S."» OO cheaply as it can be purchased at 15 cases comforters; 72xSl inches; for double beds; good quality silkoline; sea mless; deep, glossy black; very Lot s— All silk 10 in w'ide""'°sc \
1 $10 jackets reduced to S7 ."O wholesale In large quantities; the white cotton filled; wool knotted •>! •><) each dres sy; extra double soles, heels and 480 pieces narrow farrcy ribbon No V
5 $12 60 jackets reduced to 89 45 ware is first-class in every respect; 14 caseg comforters- 72xS1 inches; double-bed size; white laminated cotton toes; sizes 6to 9%; price by the 5 and. No. 7, in checks and stripes;' P
C $13 50 jackets reduced to $!> 45 has a beautiful mottled finish and is fll , e(] figured silk ,,ii covered and wool knotted; an excellent comforter pair lOc; price by the dozen. s.J.O!) some with draw, strings; the entire C
J $20 jackets reduced to $13 50 Puara.n- Ito be Bupericr granite. fQr ...*2 75 Ladies' genuine Perunia cotton lot was closed out at our own price; -S
i haVSa'SS^^^S S^«SSS¥S; lOe; 2 qt.. 50 pajjjal, -woo, white blankets; 63x76 Inches wide; weight pounds; regular h J eTv7/eK d file e c e S line a d n ; d in P c^m SsTtSy S?.^. .^c'S SS C
I Si 7*v $ss3to5 $3 to iail^uck^sSrts'; 4q\ c :..:.:.. '• • -'' « q .::..»0c White blanicot^'aH-wnoV.'w.Vh' Jacqua^' bord^in p^nk'and biu^^iik bound; color; 8^4.5. 6 •••••••••••••••2«« p.Kn o^or^^er^sS'Sncv P
> w'h'blue 0 &S.; '"reduced"?^ SffS^Jt^^'^-^Si 6sxSl incheS ' ** °° V ™' ?2x9 ° hlCheS *° °° Palr ve^fd SSSTwtf h?^ n«k? Sorded^^i^Ske^re^SS >
C 51.75 to $1.00 SS < gf e^^ a SSy^;"ijS? 100 fancy cotton single-robe blankets; 60x72 inches; fancy stripe; for slumber J^SSwSklSt™ pearl size; a good quality.., each 5c - f
S We have a few novelties in fancy °?J°^ n bread pans J '* ln " 14 ; robes, camping, etc $150 bt tO n S : scams all covered; sizes Whalebone for dress stays; one I
f trimmed effects, well worth your in- ( < ( ™'* ,' " ' 'V "ariV— iii"in 1 "i* • , , ■ ■JL , • 'j L -> ,l. *l* Jt 4. ffi Viripp #1.00 each dozen in a bunch; 8 inches -and 9 J
C spection; in most all sizes and splen- S^?!SnS^»c°s-aSi*V? Bunting for decoration purposes in the plain red. white and blue, or with stars and stripes. 4. 5, 6,- price .......... ...ta. ca inches long .... Sc dozen C
did fitting; $10 skirts reduced to i 3.^"^^ Af" UC> " Qt - Kit- Three-quarter yard wide 3c yard. Seven-eighths yard wide 5c yard Broken lines of la dies h-RTc ide Cotton finishing braid in a- large V
y »7 5O; $7 50 skirts reduced to.. m V ns -i nt Sr"2nt'"i ol«-' all-wool union suits, badger knit of assortment of patterns; 6 yards to £
S $4 50 .., r -,.>~ 2 l - f ' q ' 1-. ' the best manufacture: full fash- a piece, at .'.........■ 5c- piece }
"39 kimonas the popular dressing Tea k4ttles^2-at SBc'-'a at'*4Oc- /==T A-—,/ loned; heavy weight; buttons all the Just received, a cheap, lot of. good ■>
sacqiu-. rasy to slip on and very ,f 45r t'. "S- o !'. < > r<it fimf /JW/ way down the front with pearl but- dress shields; sizes 3 and 4; well f
■■mforablo made of fancy strip"- i !er i' ke es- -nt ii 4?' '' in {m^ZmJL^&T/ /Mf /«\ tons; silk shell crochet edge around worth ir,c; on sale Monday, and until *W
and pnlka dot cropons, in blue and! I>C^. S 1 " l( -. %< . <?=^^ /&/ ®) sZ&=~? the neck and all down the front sold 5 c pair >
I white, pink and white and lavender Dilhpans-10-nV.";J7c : 'iV-qV.''44c- J^M? /M/ * dBß^i& (G^Sm^ . ankles and cuffs with silk crochet • Spoo) cotton , n . all , org and I
\ and white; reduced from $1 50 to 17. , s^c; 21-qt!, "... .....i./Whl /JBY /£&/ /£sfc?MLi iMLA \S^^ *&£^& edge; colors white, black and nat- numbers, either Coates' or Clark's; >
S^ '" 2^ children's 'suits'in'w'ool'and cot- coff.-o" '^-qt., 1 :{sc;""3^q't <it /Mi/ /^l (&&rz*m^ _-^-^ ural regularly at 50 and medium: 7 spools best sew'ing"needlesT°2s . V*.
2S- children's suits in wool and cot- ;:;;,. • ;;-,'. • },>',. /£&/ /**~J Bold regularly at $4 oO suit. ..JP^.ou Millard's best, sewing needles; 25
\ ton mixtures, checks, plaids and -t-.it "... '.' ' '' sOc /MSsff "~ -^ — ' — ' ~ "" *"*^X^ New .lot of babies' eiderdown needles to a paper paper 3c P
S plain effects; nicely trimmed with straight sauce pans— i-qt 21c; ASH — %&&hfhlt\ 4f~ dTtfbJTik.^ sacques; heavy, soft eiderdown, Ladies' muslin gowns; good qual- 1
[ imported braid; some with tight fit- 2-qt., 2. #> .c;. 3-qt., 28c; 4-qt .";!<•• " "^^^tllfciw SLWmaMm lUHUrXJ**^^^ with crochet silk shell edge all ity; heavy. spft-flnjsh muslin in two N
ting lining; tailor finished seams; 6-qt., 38c; S-qt' '. .'..44 c around; turn-down collar; tied at styles; yoke with cluster of tucks, f
J sizes 4to 12 years; reduced from Rinsing pans, 8-qt., 25c; 10 qt.. nnc n r> non r\A* O/Io nAc nAn mr 1 * ci* * neck with satin bow; in white, pink and ruffle; collar- and cuffs edged'- V,.
f $5, $4 and $3 to $1.50 32c; 14-qt., 39c; 17-qt....5.4(;c 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. and blue; a pretty garment.... with ruffle; all sizes; price :50c X
pood? by Naud and .ludßmr-nt went to
Stewart ' from which defendant appealed.
She showed that notice of delinquency and
sale wan duly made in a daily n.-wsnaper
and by notices posted on the warehouse
and in the office of an auctioneer. The
case was lost to the defendant because
t er warehouse foreman had failed to take
note of tbe address of Stewart, although
it waa offered, and hence Stewart was
never directly notified of the threatened
sale. Tb< upper court affirms the judg
ment of the lower court by Baying that
the negligence of the foreman In not not
ing Stewart's address aa requested was
the negligence of the defendant.
SOCIETY.
Continued from Page Twelve.
F. Gordon, Miss Carlle Wagner, Kate
Haggerty, Louise Haggerty. San Jose;
Miss N" L. Robinson, E. L. Emerson,
Mountain View; Joseph Perrault, J. J.
Perrault, Boise City, Idaho; H. S. Hall,;
\V. M. Lynn, King City.
MARK WEST SPRlNGS— Registered at
Mark West Springs during the past week j
wore: W. O'Connell, Mr. and Mrs. Hoop
er I"-. J. McNeil, • '. Wellman, Miss M.
Hulford, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dross, Miss,
Kitty McShane, Mrs. Lottie Ellis, Airs.
Heury Mohr, Charles White, San I-'ran
oisco; Mrs. Daniel Finn, Hanford; Mrs.
A. Lachman, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs.
Bodele, Oakland; Mrs. Ellsworth Ames,
Rochester, N. V.; G. N. Stevens. J. S.
Stevens, Benicia; C. L. Davis, Nevada;
Chester J. Johnston. Dawson; R. Schmidt,
Culistuga; A. V. Stubenrauth, Berkeley.
FERNDAL.E SPRINGS— During the past
■week the following guests registered here: E.
A. Swift and wif<;, Lavlnia Knowles, M. D. ;
Mme. Ada P. Hahn, Miss Bunin, J. W. Pet
tM Mary 1.. l";in. J. W. Falls and wife.
May \V Falls, Oakland; "William H. Armitage,
j c Lemmer, tian Francisco; li. 11. Case,
wife and child, Alameda; W. C. Pate and
wife A. J. b<t£, w. C. Sell, M. Lueger, a.
Lueger li. Liueger, Miss Georgia Pate, Paul
Bell Crockett; MUa Jessie Pate, Chico; Her
man Mahler. Germany: J. W. yuinn. Selby;
(Jeorge Olllpatrlck, Charles Pcott, James linu
kln, Martin**; Mi»» May Cornwall, Cold
Sl>r'lngs.
A birthday annivcrsar>' party -was Riven h^re
Tuesday in honor of Mrs. Ann* Third. 'mann.
Among her friends who gave th>- enjoyable
affair were: Malhilde K. Jr>ost, liorotli A
Jtwst, Caasie Fuendeling of Pranclsco,
Charlotte Bell, Clara Bell, Frieda H. Joost.
Mrs. Dorothea Joost, Henry H. Bell, Blaster
William Thledemann and Alameda L.. Bell o)
I Vine 1 1 1 11. After a delightful dinner
l «nd games were enjoyed in the hotel parlors,
the ku^-Ms all participating.
Recent arrivals at the springs include Mr.
and Mrs. I, H. D. Grubb, I>. Hanson Grubb,
San Frandaco; Mr. Bad Mrs. Irving C Lewis
and Dr. I.avinla Knowles, Oakland.
AETNA STRINGS— The recent arrivals
nt. Aetna Springs Include the following:
Mrs. A. J. Jones, Miss Evelyn Jones,
Master It. I>- Jones, Master J. M. Jones,
Mlm C M. Thomas, J. W. Lawrio, H. Maer
tini J C. Bates. C. K. O'Nelfe. ft. l-awnri
non Ban Fran< isit>; Miss Annie Lawrie, Sacra
ment.). Miss Kell I^adue. Denver. Colo.; Noe
Dufaolt, 1-aws.m City; J. Hertzbrun, Mrs. J.
Hertsbrun, Vallejo: J. E. Johnston, A. L.
Voorhees, Napa; Mrs. Ft. <>NVHe, Suisun.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Moritz Schieffer and Elise
Altpeter Filed.
The win of Iforitx Schieffer, who died
on the 12th iiipt.. was filed fur probate yes
terday. Decedent's estate, which is val
ued ;it al>out (6500, in disnosed of as fn!
h.ws: To M. Schieffer. a brother, rpsiding
at Bucharest, liuumania, $2VK> in irust, t>>
be divided "among (!<■<•< ficnt&i poor
brothers and sisters." The residue Is de
vised to Morris, Leah and Rosa Srhleffcr.
The will of Elise Altpeter, who died
August 12. leaving property valued at
$:*'4i>. was also filed for probate. With the
exception of $1000, which is devised to Ru
dolf Altpetcr. a brother, the estate is de
vised to Char!es Emetsh^rg, a grandson.
■ m ■
Divorce Suits Filed.
Frederick Qucrren has sued his wife.
Nellie Querrcn. for a divorce, alle^inj;
cruelty as a cause of action. Suits for di
vorce on the ground of failure to provide
have been filed by Lizzie G. Mativia
against Louis N. Mativia. Mary E. Davis
apalnFt William V. Davis, Margaret C.
Briggs against Thomas Briggs and Isa
bella H. Layng against Robert J. Layng.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
COURT NOTES.
Henry Xichoiis. a large boy attending
the He race Mann Grammar School on
Valencia street, appeared in Judge Con
la;:.-; court yesterday to answer a charge
of disturbing the peace. The charge was
preferred by Principal D. W. Kratzer,
■who testified that the teachers had been
annoyed by two or three unruly boys,
among them being Xicholls, and on Nich
olls being caught In the act of ringing
the school bell out of the usual time h>
resisted and a policeman had to be called
in. After hearing the testimony for the
pr< secution the Judge granted a continu
ance till to-morrow at the request of tho
defendant.
I'ete.r Feuntrier, driver of a laundry
wagon, who got ilrunk on July 14 at the
celebration at tli*- Chutes and remained
in that condition since, neglecting his
borse, was yesterday fined $100 or 100 days
In tti- County Jail by Judge Conlan ror
cruelty to animals.
Christopher Johnston, 1050 Howard
street, went home drunk Friday night,
and because his wife Margaret remon
strated with him he knocked her down
and cut open her scalp. Yesterday Judg^
Mogan sent him to the County Jail Cor
six months.
John Jackson, a laborer, stole a baby
carriage belonging to Mrs. J. \v. Russell,
1022 .Mission street, Friday and was ar
rested while trying to sell it. Judge Mo-
Kan yesterday convicted him on the
charge of petty larceny and ordered him
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
4> First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
<j> E. A. Woods, D.D.
/•>
f
% St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
• C street— Jesuit Fathers.
<|>
% St. Mary's (Paullst),' Dupont and California
4, streets— Rev. Father Wyman.
<s> .
% St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
<■£ O'Farrell streets— Rev. Father Prender
<9 gast. V. O. .
% Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
<|> avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
4> Coombe.
% Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
<£ streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
<*> — — —
<•> First Congregational, corner Post and
<*> Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
<;•
% Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
<-;> Mission— Rev. William Rader.
<8> '
'.. St Stephen's, Fulton street, near Flllmore—
4> Clergy of St. Stephen's.
% St Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street—
<^> Clergy of St. Stephen's.
<|> St James Mission, Sixth avenue and Cle
<s> ment street, Richmond— of St.
<£. Stephen's.
4> Trinity. Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
<|> S. Hanson.
% St Paul's, California street near Flllmore
X —Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly, rector; Rev.
A A. C. Wilson, assistant. ■•■ l v ••■ '■■ -
%> California Street Methodist, corner Califor-
X nla and Broderick streets— Rev. Frederick
4 C. Lee.
<«■, _ _ __
4> Bethel A. M. E., Powell street, near Jack
<•> son— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
4
<«> _ —
•*> A. M. E. Zion, 805 Stockton street— Rev. T.
<♦> Brown.
4:_ 1 ■ ;
<S> Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Market, ,
<s> Sixteenth and Noe streets— Theodore
/♦> 11. Woodward. ■ . ,'t ,
<S> —
<& Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
<s> chanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
I . - •
<«> / Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
<§. near Sixth— Rev. C. E. : Locke.
♦_— ~ — —
f Richmond M. E., southwest corner I South
California street and Fourth avenue— Rev.
George Baugb.
into custody to appear for sentence to
morrow.
Ruby Raymond, "Queen of the Tender
loin" in San Jose, should have appeared
in Judcre Mogan's court yesterday on two
charges of harboring a minor in a house
of ill fame, but a physician's certificate
was produced that nhe was sick, ami a
continuance was granted till August 23.
Mrs. Mary Giilice. wife of a bartender
at 739 Teharna strict, was yesterday con
. •• '\\- Judge Mngan on the charge of
'< upon her stepdaughter, Mary, a
Kirl ]2 years of age. and will appear for
sentence to-morrow morning. The charge
of threats against life against her pre
ferred by her husband was dismissed.
John Doyle, who alleges he is a son^r
and-dance artist in "Irish or black facP,"
out of a job, appeared before Judge Slo
gan yesterday morning on a charge of
begging. Policeman A. M. Smith testified
that while on his beat on Turk street
Friday night Doyle approached him arid
apked for money. Doyle contradicted tho
officer .-md said he asked him for th<» ilm«.
The Judge gave him the benefit of the
doubt and dismissed the rase. Doyle wore
clogs on his feet, and the noise he made
startled the court.
Unlawful Landing of a Japanese.
Ota Sanku.itro, a diseased Japanese Im
migrant, who was denied a landing by
Immigration Commissioner North and
who was afterward taken ashore by State
Quarantine Officer Cohn, was captured by
immigration officials in Dr. Cohn's office
and was delivered to the steamship com
pany tor deporation. The immigration
Morning— Preaching by Rev. C. A. Buck- $>
bee on "Esther, the Jewish Queen of Per- <«>
Ela." Preaching by Rev. John 4'
Downle. . <$>
. , <»>
Morning— Preaching by one of the Fathers <$>
at 10:30 mass. Evening— vespers <•>
and sermon. <§>
Morning— Rev. Father A. P. Doyle will «>
preach at 11 o'clock mass. Evening— <•>
mon by Father Doyle after vespers. <§>
— - <j>
Morning— Preaching by one of the Fathers «>
at 10:30 mass. Evening— Vespers and ser- <*>
mon by one of the Fathers. <S>
Morning— "Christ's Inheritance and Ours." .$>
Evening— Rev. Walter Treat, D.D., will <*>
preach. • <§►
__ . A
Morning— "Manhood and Liberty." Even- <♦>
ing— "Moral Proportion." <&
__ — .$>
Morning— "The Majority Report of Moses' <&
Spies." Evening— "A King's Explana- <«>
tlon." <|>
■ : . . _ __ — <j>
Morning— "The Sensation of the Returned ■$>
Prodigal. Evening— "The Dreyfus Trag- <$>
edy— a Lesson From Life." &
Morning— Holy communion at 7; morning <|>
prayer at 11. Evening— Evensong at 7:45. <|>
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30. Evening— <s>
Evensong at 8. <$>
■ . _ <*>
Morning-Sunday school at 9:45: holy com- <£>
munion at 11. Evening— at 8. <♦>
<3>
. __ _ <^
Morning— Preaching by rector. Evening— <*>
Services at 4; same. <$>
. _ 4,
Morning— by the rector. Evening— <•>
%1 Sermon and prayer; special music. <*>
Morning— "The King's Ferry-boat." Even- <|>
Ing — "Backbone"; prelude, "Echoes ■ From <?>
the Cleveland Strikes." ' : 4>
Morning— Preaching by pastor; subject of 4>
sermon, "Divine Guidance."' Evening— <$>
"Pastor's Review of Three Years' Work." <§>
• _ <8>
Morning — "Grow in Grace." Evening — <|>
"Jesus, the Light of the World." <§>
— <j»
Morning— Preaching by pastor. Evening— <«>
Same. I <j>
; ■.'■ T*U <t>
— . . , . <$>
Morning— "Man's Sacrifice to God." . > Even- <|>
Ing— "The. Fear of Death and the Death <§>
of Fear." ,' .<"■<§>
__ <§>
Morning— Sermon by Chaplain James Mall- <$>
ley of the First Nebraska - Regiment. <§>
Evening— by Rev. H. W. Peck. <«>
1 ; : i — — - — ■ — .<*>
Morning— Sermon by . . pastor. Evening — ' <$>
Same. <^
officers threaten to prosecute Dr. Cohn,
but have dene nothing as yet in the
matter.
TWO JURORS FINED
Penalty Imposed for Disobeying
Summons of the Court.
In future H. C. Hager, 400 Turk street,
and Morris Raphael, 1274 O'Farrell street,
will answer summons to appear and qual
ify as jurors. They were summoned to
appear Thursday before Judge Cook, but
failed to obey the order. An attachment
was issued by Judge Cook and placed In
the hands of Deputy Sheriff Dasha. Yes
terday morning they were brought Into
court. Hager said that his wife fell down
and injured herself, and in the excitement
he forgot all about the summons. Raphael
said that he had the rheumatism and in
consequence disobeyed the summons. Ho
admitted, however, that his illness had
not kept him from his office. Judge Cook
then gave the talesmen his idea of their
duty and fined each the sum of $25. Both
were immediately repentant, but the court
was obdurate and the judgment stood.
Deserted His Wife.
Lizzie Nixon filed suit yesterday against
her husband, Thomas C. Nixon, for mnln
tenance. Mrs. Nixon alleges that her hus
band deserted her on the 12th inst., leav
ing her penniless, and although he re
ceives $4 a day from the Union Iron
Works he refuses to contribute toward
her support.
<$> First M. E., Powell fctreet, near Washing
<§> ton— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
<•> — — _
<*> Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-first and Capp
<j> streets— J. N. Beard.
<§> Howard M. E., between Second and Third
4> streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
<•> Stewart Memorial. Guerrero street, near
<*> Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
<& Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
<?• Webster streets— S. S. Cryor.
I :
<j>
<$> Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
4> streets— John Hemphill.
<8> _
<«> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
<$> Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
"<§> Bell. .
<4> _
4> Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
<§> lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
<«>
<¥> First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
4> Sacramento street— Rev. Robert Macken
<?> zie.
4
<!> Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth and
<» Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevier.
<£ _^ _
t First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
<|> and Franklin streets— Rev. Horatio Steb
<4> bins, D.D., minister emeritus.
<g.
<?> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
S streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. % ■.. ' ■'-.-
,
<J> German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner
<*> Twelfth and Stevenson streets ßev. F.
<$> W. Fischer.
<f> First English Lutheran, 1819 Geary street—
4> First English Lutheran, 1819 Geary street
4> . Rev. E. Nelander. . .
<fc , . ■ . : . • ■ ---
t
<j> — — — — — — — — — — — —^—— —^____
ST. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
McCoy, secretary.
<$>
<J> First- Christian, Twelfth street, near Mls
-4> sion— Rev. F. S. Ford.
<^ : , _ __
<«> . First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223
<!> Sutter street, between Kearny street and
<§> Grant avenue— Bible and Science and
<§► Health, With Key to the Scriptures
<S> — _ : __
4> ', Theosophists, Odd Fellows' ■ building. '.' ? .«• f
<$> .
<S> ' New i Jerusalem < (Swedenborgian), 16">6
<*> . O'Farrell street— D. V. Bowen.
<$>•■- — : '■ : .
<»> : Welsh Church, 1133 Mission street.
hi : : _^^
<§>'. Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 320
<*> Post street.
<$> — — — — — — — : _ — _
<«> First Divine Science, Native Sons' bulld
<i> ing— M. E. Cramer, pastor.
BOOKSELLER DOXEY'S FAILURE.
He Filed a Petition in Insolvency for
Liabilities of $51,000.
William Doxey, the Palace Hotel book
" seller, whose financial difficulties have
■ been made public already, filed yesterday
in the L'nited States District Court a
petition in insolvency. His liabilities are
stated at $5.1 ,933 94. of which J10,9T9 55 are
secured and $36,256 63 are unsecured. He
i is an indorser to notes of the value of
■ J33C7 21 and he owes the Crocker-Wool
i worth Bank upward of $SOOO. His assets
i are givr-n at $32,111 73, of which 9000 is
' represented by real estate and $20,676 40
Iby stock. His stock and fixtures are val-
I ued at $2000.
KEENAN WAS INOFFENSIVE.
Many Witnesses So Testify— The
Jury Will Enjoy an Outing.
Although Patrick Keenan, better known
as Patsy Hogan, killed his wife without
provocation, many witnesses took the
stand yesterday and testified to his peace
able and quiet disposition. Chief of the
Fire Department Sullivan, Henry I3ln.£r
ham. Thomas Fernandez, J. Maxwell,
Fisher Ames, TV. Maxwell, Captain of
Detectives Bohen and Detective Bain
bridge were placed on the stand, and all
' said that they had known the defendant
I for a number of years and agreed that
he was of a quiet, well-behaved disposi
tion.
This proof is ta strengthen the theory of
Morning— Preaching by pastor. Evening-
Fame.
Morning— "What Is the Church Worth to
You?" Evening— "Good Cheer.".
Morning— "The River Blessings." Evening
—"The Return of Our Soldier Boys; How
Shall We Receive Them?" Patriotic
songs. . . ■
Morning— "Man the Agent of God." Even
ing—"The Dead Pugilist." .
Morning— W. E. Blackstone of Chicago will
preach. Evening— Sermon by pastor
"Life in Christ Only." pasio.r.
Morning— Sermon by pastor, "The Prodigal
Leaving Home"; special music. Evening"
—"The Prodigal's Return."
Morning— "The Bible— lts Historical Pres-
Urn nd Undying Energy." Evening—
"No More Sea. "
Morning-Preaching by the pastor *" Even-
Ing — Same.
Morning— by the pastor. Evening
same. °
Morning— "Satan's Great Bribe." Evening
—"Essence of Religion." evening
Morning-Rev. Dr. Orello Cone of Lawrence,
No "ervlce. ° CCUP> the PU ' - Evenin^-
M .°. rn • nf-Servlces at 11: sermon, "The New
World of Religion." Evening— No service.
M Go Idi"1 d i " ? ~ivpS.n . I^ 7™ Together With
Burden." gar ' n * One An °ther's
M BP?i«?r?° m 7l Unl °S service : sermon. "I
Belize '"t. the Forgiveness of Sins."
Evening- Patriotic service- "The Home
comlng of the First California Regiment."
A Garver n ~ AddreSS by Rev Le ™ard *
M by n Dmh."' hat Is Man? Even! n g-"Llfe
Morning-"Christ Jesus." All Invited.
Evenlng-"Brotherhood. True and False."
Morning-* 'The Garden of Eden." Evening
— No service.
Evening— Evangelist Mrs. Evans of Wales
will preach.
Morning-Preaching by F. B. Blair. Even-
Ing-Preaching by George S. Lincoln.
Morning— at 11 by pastor.
the defense that the dead woman's in
difference to her husband unbalanced hia
mind and the murder was but the act of
a man irresponsible through grief and
many woes.
The case adjourned at noori until Mon
day morning; As the jury is in the cus
tody of the Sheriff, Judge Dunne, thought
ful of the pleasure of the twelve good men
and true, ordered their guardian to take
them to the theater in a body last even
ing. To-day they will go to "the park in
a carryall, and in consequence the hard
ship of confinement is materially les
sened. . . ■
i I " THE CREDIT HO USE': ;
\\ . ■ Six Stories High 9
111 ' - : . :.•'."•; I
\"■ ■ l
I ■ Serviceable Rocker: for j
I sewing — with cane seat,
I hard wood. Comfortable;
! while holding, the -baby, j
j Handy for almost any room |
in the house .—■•■ -95c;
I New line of Tapestry Table Covers. [
• Latest shades and designs. Deep,
• fringe, 48x48 5i. 75 up.. Dining table j!
I! covers, $2.25 up. • J
f Couch Covers add . to the plainest }
I room and harmonize, with the. most;
;! : luxurious. Bagdad and Oriental Tap- •
I 1 estries, 53 up. • j
i i Warm color, beautiful pattern chen-;;
1 i lie portieres, si-75- . ■
j : Oriental tapestry portieres, S3 up. t
! CARPET DEPARTMENT I
ii Tapestry Brussels- Carpet; good?
j grade and pleasing designs, sewed arid !
j } laid, 50c a yard. • . 1!
I a Every day's business in our carpet
! S department adds to the proof of the
• value of our Electric Carpet Sewing!
! Machine, 3000 yards daily capacity, in t
I Zthe quick, strong, • evenly-matched J
i work done by it. .. . 1
|; Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley j
I U. FRIEDMAN & CO., \
|| 233 to 237 Post St. ' i
1 Open evenings Near Stockton I
*>nt»-*^"**- -11 ■ hi imnunJ
RADWAYS'S READY RELIEF i, a3 stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis.. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All dru&eUu.THE SUNDAY CALL
/oi//J&/~*~'^
■-■aI^InILILLV lAxxlkj
.3
l <jJ mJLL[|4?AUIJuLLLIUU,
■
©lF DODZ7
<* — _ — >
- - - (soar
k' a its
■
I
■
;
I
I
;s en
.
If, is like
.'-d by
[t is of rough
lan or
■ part of
r .rough
.;
or bars.
w In num
duty
his a . y gro
i -'g el-
I
: ' -
,ay 'twixt ceil
. Lgalnst the chim-
A ; • with the pcent of
r round the rosy with
roses and
i the gardens of
: cultivated. A
, a wild-eyed calf share
: Ith him. The dog is his
; . but th'- calf Is
■ illp ■. - him around
I ing its best to reach
n that its master may
Ilk.
Seven years ago Jason Brown came
to Southern California, For a twelve-'
pxouih the balmy climate. prolonged hJs
/^Z*&^ *-— ; —
wife's life; then phe passed Into the
great beyond. Jason Brown did not
care to return to their home in Ohio In
tertwined with memories that would
stab his loneliness. He wrote to a Mr.
Fanning, who owned land In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, and three weeks after
ward Jason Brown stood on hlrs twenty
aorta of mountain land, monarch of a
superb view that stretched as far as
Monterey Bay.
.Wealth had fled with youth, RWI Ja
son Brown had not the $25 ptr acre, the
exorbitant sum which he agreed to give
for the land. He paid down his little
all, and then/set about to earn the re
mainder. That was six years 'ago, and
Jason Brown is still a great many dol
lars and cent? from paying the debt.
To clear off his two acres has been a
long and weary task without financial
return. Throe miles below Jason
Brown lives Mr. Fanning, who is hav
ing a road built from Farming's -to Ben
Lomond. Mr. Fanning employs Jason
Brown on this road, giving him a dol
lar and a quarter] to hi;; credit for every
day that ho works. If he keeps his
health and lives long enough he hopes
to thus work off the debt for h!s land.
Jason Brown requires a small month
ly pum of money, so he can not devote
••very day to the road-building. He
must needs work for the other neigh
bors who pay him cash. For his per
sonal wants a few cents suffice. Be
sides the vegetables from his own gar
den, tea, coffee, flour, beans and mush
make up his list of necessary pro
visions. But at an institution In Ohio
is the little blind girl to whom he sends
the few dollars that he can earn.
He carries her photograph next to
his heart and she is as der.r to him as
though she were his own flesh and
blood. The little tot, with the glint of
gold in her hair and the music of child
hood honey sweet on her lips, with
dark lashes fringing soft blind blue
eyes, walked straight into his heart on<»
summer's day. She is on the verge of
her teens now, happy in a God-given
gift that makes her forget the sightless
Blind little Alice has a bird-like voice
of such wonderful timbre that all who
have heard her sing predict a career
for her. In a few years, if her voice
makes good Its promise, this blind girl
will sing herself into the great heart of
the music-loving world.
This is Jascrn Brown's dearest wish.
It is for this that he tn^g to earn Uni
wherewithal that his adopted daughter
may have the very best musical ad
vantages. If he can make his twenty
acres valuable enough to pay for this
he will die happy.
Mr. Brown does not care to discuss
aerial navigation, fearful of being call
ed a "crank." He showed a letter of
his father's written in the early '50's to
an American scientist. John Brown in
formed his friend that his son Jason
was of an inventive turn of mind and
that he was experimenting with a ship
that was to sail the air.
Jason Brown is still experimenting
on an air ship; though that letter of
John Brown's was written almost half
a century ago. The model for his air
ship was the one" thing his visitors
could not see. He has made a life-time
study of the movements of birds and
has worked along their lino. Mr. Brown
makes no foolish claims about his air
ship. He classes himself simply as one
of the searchers in the dark.
Seventy-six years have slightly
dimmed Jason Brown's eyesight, but
they have not clouded his brain. A
youth who next year gets his sheep
skin from the college of chemistry of
the University of California found, that
he had to put his best scientific foot
forward to keep pace with Jason
Brown.
Although his mode of living is rough
his manner of speech is the straight
forward one of the gentlemen of his
generation. Brought up on the border
line, he has the hospitality of the South
end the stern will of the North. His
family took an active part in the border
warfare waged between Kansas and
Missouri. One of his brothers was
atrociously murdered in the first of the
scrimmages and another driven Insane
by cruel treatment when taken pris
oner.
yilth His. talent M? ills and
death we teach our children patriotism.
'Tis told in song and, story how with
fifteen white men, and four negroes old
John Brown took possession* of the
United States, armory buildings at
Harpers Feiry, stopped railroad trains,
liberated era] slaves, captured a
half dozen leading citizens and held
the town for bout thirty hours. Then
Colonel Robert E. Lee, Boon to be him
self the oornmander-in-chief of an.in
surrection. <with a detachment of United
States marines, capture.d them, killing
thirteen. John Brown saw two more
of his sons fall dead, but not until he
had firt.'d his last shot was he cap
tured. They tried and hanged him. but
though
John Brown's body lies a-molJerinjr in th»
grave,
Ills soul goes marching on.
Jason Brown was not with his father
at Harpers Ferry. He had not yet re-'
covered from a wound received In- an
other scrimmage. The Browns were
out-and-out abolitionists. They boldly
declared their anti-slavery convictions,
which meant that they had to be con
stantly on the defensive. ';:■*';.*
One night a squad of "border ruf
fians" came upon Jason Brown and a
companion. He was recognized as a
friend of the slaves and fired upon.
Ills companion escaped into the woods,
but Jason, slightly wounded, was cap
tured.
Among the "border ruffians," as the
invaders were called, were hot-headed
Southerners of birth and breeding.
They bound his wounds and, pale and
weak from loss of blood, stood him up
for a mock trial. To declare himself
an abolitionist meant certain death.
Yet without faltering Jason Brown de
clared that he believed God* hated slav
ery and that as long as he had breath
in his body he would help destroy It.
. A rope! a rope! they cried in hoarse
verdict. The knot was tied and a mo
ment more and all would have been
over. Then the furious beating of
hoofs and a breathless messenger
hands a note to the leader of the band.
lie. isa&uli, Jie2it2.tsa.La..,j=eccn4 s .aiiea
Flips the noose and gives Jason Brown
his freedom.
Jason's companion had taken word to
John Brown of his son's capture. John
Brown recognized in the description of
the leador a young Kentuckian to
whom he had been of great service and
who owed him a debt of gratitude. Tho
messenger arrived just in time to allow
the Kentuckian to save John Brown*
Bon from hanging.
But the score was never chalked up
even between them. Three years later
through the dead and the dying a sol
dier in blue carried on his back an of
ficer in Confederate gray. Through the
battlefield that ran red with blood he
bore him, and across the thicket to a
hut, where he nursed him back to life.
The Union soldier was Jason Brown.
The Confederate officer was the Ken
tuckian. . ■
The stings of his many sorrows have
not .come home to live In Jason Brown's
heart, nor has the milk of kindness
curdled. He is strong in hope and faith
and full of the pride befitting the son of
John Brown.
The college student raffled one of
John Brown's revolvers at Loch Lo
mond. It netted fifteen dollars, which
he straightway carried to him. More
over, his story, told for the first time,
moved the hearts of hotel guests, and
about twenty -of them immediately
banded together, each agreeing to give
25 cents a month. The secretary is go
ing to send that and as much more
money as he can collect to Jason Brown
every month. He cannot refuse it for
he will not know whence it comes.
\ Jason Brown thinks he will be able
to pay off the three . hundred dollars
still due on his land. He often carries
sixty pounds on his back the three
miles from Loch Lomond to his cabin,
his faithful dog leading the way up the
steep trail. His is a wonderful strength
for 76 years..
But his neighbors shake their heads
and predict that It will not last long
enough for him to work off the debt
at a dollar and a quarter a day. If
aot -all paid for, Uiea_tfis land averts
A*W T 2se,i<Pi>.
to Mr. Fanning, and Jason
Brown's heroic struggle ha&
been in vain.
In the East they are prepar
ing to dig up John Brown's
body and those of his two sons
who were with him at Harpers
Ferry. They will be reburied
with fitting ceremonies. Presi
dent McKlnley lending his offi
cial dignity to the occasion.
In the West is a living son
of John Brown worthy of his
father. It may be that a gen
erous hand will reach out 'to
him and let him cultivate his
mountain land debt free. Then
sweet, blind Alice can have
her voice trained and Jason
Brown, son of John Brown,
taste tha sweets of. fulfilled
desire*. '%-, "".*;■,: /V~i-22
©ne 0! ZbtßC TOil lp>r©lbalblf JBe tfoe Ulext popt
rHE CALL'S Washing'- on correspondent recently asked
Cardinal Gibbons, at Baltimore, who was likely to sue-
deed the Pope in the e-<ent of the demise of his Holi
ness. "Ah," replied he, "out of fifty-eight Cardinals who are
eligible it would be hard to sax. But I think he will certainly
be an Italian, as they hai>c nearly a majority of all the Car
dinals who will be members of the sacred college."
The correspondent has learned through private letters from
Rome, however, that Pope Leo's successor will in all probability
be one of the following six, viz.: Oreglia, Parocchi, Vannu
telli f Seratino) , Gotti, Svampa or Rampolla, and their chances
are in the- order named.
To be considered "papabile" (eligible for Pope) it is suffi
cient that a Cardinal be a prominent man in the sacred college.
It is well known that Saint Peter was the first Pope. He was
appointed by our Lord. It is not absolutely essential thai the Pope
be selected from the list of Cardinals. Any Catholic prelate
might be chosen, but there has been no dc\ iation from the rule
of choosing a Cardinal as Pope, and -chile there are fiftx-cight
who arc eligible, still it is almost certain that the Pope will be
/ from the twenty-seven i . 'is an herewith
presented.
C^dlnaT ©y^TTa.
Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stcfaho is -72 years of age. He is a Piedmontese by
birth. li: double quality of senior Of the Sacred College- and Cardinal Camer
ltnga gives him a considerable advantage. During an "interregnum." the Camer
lenga is a species of interim Pope, who can revolutionize the pontifical court', ap
point, displace, substitute or revoke the highest officials. In other words, he is the
most to be feared of all the Sacred College, and by the hope or fear of the good or
harm he is capable of doing during his ephemeral pontificate he can create in ad
vance ;i network of adherents and friendships capable of exercising great weight
| t-tlje jinornent of the election. Leo XIII was Camerlenga at the moment of the
IX.
Oreglia will be tho candidate, of the irreconcilable and reactionary party. By
birth, (duration and temperament, ho Inclines toward a retrograde policy. His
father. Baron Oreglin di Santo . fano, married In second wedlock the Sister of
Count Solaro <le!la Margherita, Minister of King Charles Albert, a deadly enemy
or reforms, who by his narrow minded and cowardly advice would have destroyed
nls sovereign had not tho King been '-arable of causing his own destruction with
out ihe assistance of his Ministers. ■ .
♦i- Th ? seco J ld , wifo of Baron Oreglia loved, the four children of her predecessor,
the eldest f wnom, .1 brave man. entered the Grenadier Guard, went brilliantly
through tho campaign '>f 1549 and died afterward. The second became a Jesuit
Hr Y vw V S i 0"'" ?-£4& c V* ™i e , n of th ? " rivilUl Cattolica," official organ of the 80-
Ivtm/i '^m. Jll ?, fourth was a nd of prodigal son, and gayly squandered 'his
fortune n Paris, after which he became a lu-rmit-or, to apeak more precisely,
was first received among the Saleslann of Dom Ro*ca. and afterward by the Jes
uits. There was never anything remarkable about him but his nose, the length
aml bigness of which loft him nothing to envy Cyrano de Rergerac, who has be
come doubly famous. • . •
Luigl was, not; strictly speaking, an "f-agle," but he has been pushed vlgor
r.usiy . forward by the Bolaro della Margherita, who were very powerful at the
P on tinea] court an,] who got him an entry Into the nunciatures. Ho was success
ively appointed to Holland; Belgium and Portugal. During his residence in Lis
',::". he pestered Queen Maria Pia, almost with menaces, to exhort her father. King
Victor Emmanuel; to abdicate or give up the conquest of Rome, His importuni
ties became so unbearable that Queen Maria Pla complained directly to' her god
father. Plus IX. who thought IK to recall his too zealous nuncio '
tatloulfv I'iiJV I ™.!, and revenged himself for his disgrace by osten
tatious v rrfu.-ing to salute the King as he passed along the Porta Pia prome
rvJi&— wa ", contrar >' t? the example set by the other members of the Sacred
the pmmeVaV JS CoUrteol!pl >' fluted the monarch when they met him on
Cardinal Lucido Maria Parocchi is younger than Cardinal Oreglia, having
been born at ...antua in 1833. He now has the reputation of being very ••intranai
'"•'." and almost unapproachable on questions coneornin- the supremacy of re
.gious authority and the integrity of the dogmas of the church, but in his youth
lie foil into heresy for some time and was Implicated in more ihan one seditious
enterprise. He especially encouraged the movement started in the province of
Mantua in favor of the election of parish riests by their parishioners, a move
"'■ waa !l rdinal by Plus ix . nnina' his nrr^ont r>m** >,« «-- <.
A f r< ' : 1; 4* «««nbran" of is ,fart "ipatior " m fne rSg^"
struggles of Mantua was too fresh In this city which is so short » fiiVt«nV, fir.™
Lombardy. and ho was obliged to leave in order to restore pS« tc^an archdioces^
which his presence had converted into a battle-field ii-e m m arencuocese
, The position of Vicar General of his Holiness In Rome makes him a sort of
vice Pope. The pontifical authority ix, so to speak divided Into two Dart's on« of
which is in direct touch with the rellgloiiK word the other with noH?ioai «mh^
the causes of conflii I which may ai .  ,"■■ . •„;,' ',', " i-s" 3nf i.^n l £
ing. and as- much nobility as firmness. He knows cvernhfnu" ffij.jv' *hl«£S"
science, literature, Is an art st as well as rw^t? V a^afeshes°thSi n nato' ator y»
proach him as much by the extent of biS knowledge as by the^gra'ce^of'hKlnd'
Should he b« elected Pope ho would unite the magnificent^ of 1™ v ti,T 2
r.iality of Plus IX. the learning of Loo XIII and if ™ec"s Sar> " the h»rol^ ofV?^
VI. What woulrt be his character?. Those who remember his early days think tha?
he would bo a rather docile Pope; those who know the rlfriditv unon Tirh £1
Cai-drriaT i&afirio V&r\r\U\sm.
Cardinal Serafino Vannutelli is looked upon as a serious "Papabile " for he Is
the only one among; the candidates, with the exception of Cardinal Sv'amoa who
has allowed himself to he distinctly put forward as in favor of conciliation
between the Papacy and the monarchy of Savoy. If at any moment during the
next conclave the triple alliance group should obtain the upper hand Cardinal
THE SUNDAY CALL."
i. i. ... »# v.in? elected. Apart from this rather
Vannutelli will have a great chance of D 1 d e b e cslde the tiara to see It placed
unlikely contingency he will only ha\e passed oesiu
on other brows than his own. -.._.„, nq „ Germanophile Pope would find
I believe that those who put him f o™* l^, a3 H Hea c accepts the part assigned to
themselves much mistaken If he were elected He ambition, but that dr>es not
him because it may lead to the satisfaction of hI t S no a s ™ who. officially or not.
prevent his living in excellent intelligence with r those w^ ta _ who . g not a
represent French influence in Rome An audi tor «in m esteem and
German and who was the friend of LaCOTdaire. noias "ame to the point. France
makes much of him in a way which suggests that, it it cam w *-
would not refuse him her support. Mexico and South. America
Seraflno Vannutelli has traveled much. ««^ **J%gg a and Vienna. If it is
and later among the Nunciatures. He has been at Bruss 1.. a formed in tho
true that traveling forms mans mind, his mind Is among me and this .
assembled Cardinalate. Vincenzo. his brother • 1- also a carainaj
Seraflno a cause of weakness because it is ""^^^U^oe^upying a- high posl-
Cardinal Vincenzo would be his secretary , nt state _. thus^occup>i g its^ l . 1 lus
tlon to which many others aspire His family is very numer . he would think
not forgotten them since he has been a Cardinal, V prthele=s heard said thai Car
of them too much if he became Pope. 1 have. " e m i^ eel his support which Is
dinal Mazzetta, a Jesuit is backing him up and has Promlsea n« 1 1 make ,
assuredly better than that of J^e triple alliance, ana wnici S testimony of
forget the danger of nepotism which certain 1 untans seem
attachment to his relations.
CapdTriaT Gott?.
It is hard to tell how the candidatur of Cardinal Gotti sprang into existence.
He is a monk of the barefooted Carmelite order and is as- Llgurian as Pope
Julius 11. But he knows how to put on an humble attitude holding h.ms
apart from the miseries of this world like Sextus V before threw aw his
crutches. He displayed diplomatic qualities of the highest order in the mission
t0 MffflfeßK g oin«on between the civil and relig
ious authorities, the church was in considerable danger on account of I ne iacK oi
discipline and of the dissolute morals which prevailed among the an i i^e
episcopate. To the great astonishment of every one the *; 0 JP« • ( s'£ cl e t o I™
superior of the barefooted Carmelites, who happened to be Father Go tti to pui
an end to disorder, and re-establish harmony between the religious and civil
PCnV Fafher Gotti in two or three years triumphed over all difficulties, and his
success was so complete that on his return the holy father mm a
cardinal's hat. He has already a small court formed oftthOße lwho . LbeHeve his
success probable, who honor him as though he were a^dy^electe^. .But he
does not take much notice of these flatterers. Greatness appears .to nave no
temptations for him. for though clothed in purple he occupies a- \er> modest
room— l was about to say g cell— at the Forum of Trajan, and sleeps on a monk's
bed. He is only 04 years of age. His political tendencies are unknown, and should
tie be called on to succeed- the present Pontiff he may he either a conciliatory
Pope or a fighting Pope, according to his personal inclination and. to the character
of the majority which placed him in St. Peter's chair, it is said that Leo' XIII
has often jestingly spoken of him as "my successor," which tends to show that
there is some consistency in his candidature. • ' ; ■
.QaydfnaT • .
Why should Cardinal Domenico Svampa,. Archbishop of Bologna, figure in the
list of "Papabile" in preference to so many other members- of- the' Sacred" College
whose' merits are equal and even superior .to his? No one can say., unless this
favor is due to the strange circumstance that he is. one of -the three Cardinals
now in charge whose arms correspond, to the prophecy of :-Malachy.-. You are
aware that the Abbe Malachy. who died in the odor of sanctity, left a series
of prophecies relating to the different Popes who might be elected after his death.
Chance has so willed it that hitherto his predictions have been justified by events.
. It is true that they were. couched in mottoes the terms of which were sufficiently
vague, and that a variety of interpretations could be placed, on them.. The motto
of the Pope who was to rucceed-Pius IX was "lumen de coelo." It - happened
that Leo XIII had In his escutcheon, beside a cypress, a star on a field .azure
According to the prophet Malachy the motto of the next Pope is "Ignis-Ardens '.'
The Sacred College at present contains three Cardinals whose arms could
Justify this prediction— Cardinal Oreglia, whose shield bears an altar on which
burns the sacred fire; Cardinal Gotti, whose arms bear - a .torch, and Cardinal
Svampa', whose escutcheon is ornamented with a dog holding a torch in its mouth
Moreover, Cardinal Svampa might Tie indicated twice over in the prophecies
of Malachy, because his name in .Italian is almost synonymous with flame
If the annals of the Vatican are consulted from the tim? of Si Peter to tha
present day it will be seen that- the reigns of Pius IX and Leo XIII have been
very long : in comparison with those of the greater number of their 'colleague • if
• Cardinal Svampa should bo elected at the next conclave, arid if he should live as
long as Leo XIII his pontificate would last thirty-eight years. This would mean
that no Cardinal now living could ever aspire to the purple. This is asking too
much from human nature. ■ •
Cardinal Svampa is also credited with leanings in the direction of a reconcili
ation with the Quirinal. a fact which explains the zeal with which a number of
Italian journals try to force his. candidacy to the front. They quote words which
•he is said- to have addressed to those who make allusion to the possibility of his
election: "I feel that I should be unworthy of it: but it" God should impose this
burden on me a great many changes will be seen." • This it will be noticed is a.
Delphic utterance, which does not in any way We his hands', but which has' suf
• ficed for Cardinal Svampa to be regarded as -a "Pope of conciliation." ..
Ca«RriaT RarppoTTa..
Cardinal Mariano Rampolla del Ttndaro is one of the niost curious figures In
• the pleiades of "Papabile." The nobility of his character renders him disdain
ful of the little tricks by which me of his rivals Hatter- themselves thai they
dissimulate their ambition. .He avows it with the 5- frankness of a "grand
seigneur" who is of opinion that It is not a position beyond his merits. He would
add, without false modesty, ti.e device of Fouquet to thi of his family. Thus
everybody knows thai he is .working with assiduity In view of the next conclave
and that he neglects nothing thai can further his views.
For- ten years past he has been like a spider in the center of his web work
ing continually and spinning one. after another the threads of an intrigue' which
will only have its "denouement" after the death.of Loo XIII. and of which •',„
attendant." he weaves the meshes with infinite, art and cunnli
-. Has he many supporters? I flo not know how many; but 1 do know thir th y
are very devoted .a him. He Is one of those men who must either be loved or
hated. His proud, and haughty character will not allow him to tack armm*
reefs, to shun obstacles, to seek the friendship of those ho despises or the «vm.
. pathies of those who are not of His way. Of thinking. Instead of conci iat . ,; Vn.l
flattering his enemies. he breaks ; ,■lll. and when these adversaries -ire of th«
stature of Ledochoskl and. of Oreglia, ho stiffens himself and disDlavs hefor«
them the full grandeur of his hatred, knowing thai battles between Titisns m,«
end in the annihilation of the defeated side/ There are at the present moment
at the Vatican and its surroundings a large number of personals' who • .- •',•;»
with fear at the idea of Rampolla becoming Pope, because "he is i known tob£
implacable in his hatreds and without mercy in his vengeance. 1W1U " 11 *° °c
U "*". i' ,;> ( J .. .
Tt tpab b$ orj< cF &$&.
I have not yet exhausted the list of "Papabile." Many other of the Cardinals
are mentioned, among whom I may name Cardinal Jacobini', the nuncio at Lisbon
a subtle diplomatist and a E,*-eal eater of tripo. before ..the Lord; Cardinal Alfonso*
Capecelatro, Archbishop cf Capua, an accomplish) d man of letters- Cardinal .\Tario
Mocennl. manager of the "Obolus, I ' a kind of Sully clothed •in purple; Cardinal
Sarto, patriarch of Venice, a prelate of the good old type.- a free liver without
prejudices, but capable of writing hard truths to the Pope himself as he has al
ready done many times, and Cardinal Ferrari, .Archbishop of Milan, who has not
enough enemies to be regarded as dangerous •
11 I 1 ,?,?, 1 carry my nomenclature any further. The Pope of to-morrow will in
all probability be found among those whom I have just cited, and I will not risk
classing them in order of probability. Chance plays, too large a part in the re
sults of the voting and in the manner in which the factions of the conclave form
disintegrate, coalesce, fight and reunite from -day .to day, from hour to hour from
minute to minute, and that so rapidly and so unexpectedly that the tiara has
■ often been known to fall to a Cardinal who had not even "been mentioned before •
the constitution of the conclave. .Moreover, It will not be long before all uncer
tainty is at an end, for, as. 1 have already said, every one is convinced at the Vat
ican that tho reign of Leo XIII is drawing to a close. C, CARLTON,B,nb ftbe Spiritual UMet ©t 250,000,000 people.
WHEN the Pope dies the Camer
ling-o gently strikes the head of
the dead Pontiff with a wooden
mallet, calling him by name to
verify his death. It is a mere
ceremony, coming from the old idea of
v, rlfylng the death of the Pope, and has
its oriirin in the fact that many people
were buried alive, and so to lie abso
lutely sure of the death of the Holy
Father this simple ceremony takes place.
He is pronounced deal and. the offices of
the church are celebrated with an un
usual splendor for the repose of his soul.
The Basilica of St. John's is draped in
. velvet and gold buillion. The
obsequies take place in the grand Basi
lica of St. Peter's, and all Rome turns out
in deep mourning for the Father of all
Christendom.
The holy sacrifice of the mass is cele
brated with the greatest ceremony, the
•anpr clergyman being the Kishop of
The sound of the sixty silver
trumpets that are wont to play VTvianl's
grand ma et up in the great
dome ai the s< lemn entrance of the Pon
tiff Into St. P< ter's gives place to the
solemn dirge of the requiem by the papal
choir, and the Pope's remains nro
afterward deposited in a sarcophagus
for their !■•
Lhe door of the great sacristy of tha
t. where, they remain till a
no is built either In the church
or In the cemetery designated by the Bov
elgn Pontiff while ho is still In the vigor
of manh »od. When his sepuleher is ready
a day is fixed and the remains of the Pope
are translated to their last resting-place.
Duri.^K the first centuries of the exist
ence of 1 church, pi rs< cution
drovi :■ | into the very boy
the earth, where they constructed large
caves cut out of sofl rock called I ifa
grar.ularia that underlies the city of
Rome. r>oTvn in these caverns the suc
cessors of St. Peter were elected to the
highest throne on earth — the throne of
the Galilean fisherman thn.t has with
thestorms of nineteen centuries and
leflance to the " lntrigues of nations
and of people that the church might fulfill
her n ■: earth and near out
Christ's prophetic words that "the gates
II should not prevail against her,"
and that "Christ is to be with, her even
to the consummation of the world."
Town ir. these catacombs It was that the
first pontiffs were elected for over 300
years.
The royal houses of the world are only
of yesterday compared with the endur
ing iine of the Papacy. Our own United
States goes back but one hundred years.
The Bourbons of France, and the Haps
burgs of Austria boast of but a few hun
dred ears' reign. England changes from
day to day and becomes more and more
republican. The German ' empire' only
dates from 1701. The house, of Napoleon
collapsed after the • Franco-Prussian war.
The Czar of Russia's history Is very, short
and is written in pages of .human blood.
Italy is but a child compared with the
Papacy. The Papacy goes back 1800 years
to the dawn of civilization, and is the
link between the new world and the old.
It brings us back to when the world was
pagan and the smoke of the sacrifice
ascended from the pagan altars of Greece
and Rome. In the reign of Pope St. Syl
vester the Empress Helena, mother of
Constantine, placed at the Pope's dis
posal the beautiful palace of the' Lateran,
in which she built a chapel for ihe Sov
ereign Pontiff, which was afterward
called St. John Lateran. ' It exists to
the present day. and is called the
mother- of all churches. The inscription
over the present edifice built on that very
spot is Mater Omnium Ecclesiarum
(the mother of all churches).- The first
fifty-six Popes wore canonized, saints and
the first twenty-nine Popes gave up their
lives in testimony of the faith and were
honored on the altars as martyrs.
The Pope | for life— once a Pope
-and even- when dead the
Linals do not wield his power. The
r-.als are to the church what the
- to the people,
and what the Benai • tv is
. Istra
•" the church during the interregnum
linals. T ;
E ' •■ is their president.
Then can undertake no important change
. f the church. The duty
r es upon them then is to elect
next successor to St. Peter. Pope
iry X so legislated • • ear 1273.
They cannot create new Cardinals nor
new Bishops. Sixtus V gi .■■ ' ; : Roman
:.s ordinary ; i dur
lnsr the vacancy in the Holy See on ac
• of urgent eases that come up every
cannot be postponed lest detri
would aci : ■ uls by business
: the < 'ardi
:, ive universal jurisdiction over the
. hurch during a vacancy and they
:•• danger to the church or mat
sjreal ::: - ■ rtance turn up, admin
: ludgm< nl in such urgent
Should a dispute or doubt arise
• the validii ty of the Pope's
■ : "n a council of th« whole church
' rdi r. a i . ■ • mes impos
■ linals can pro
claim who is the lr-g'un. im
■;surpcr and depose him. By an
. : l;op of Ostia is dean
i. It
belongs to him as the Bishop of Ostia. and
- president of that august body car
ries on the business of the chui
• terregnum. The dean of I
College at the Pope's death summons
every Cardinal In Kome, and throughout
the whole world, to take part In thi
There is no exception to this rule,
for if any Cardinal were prevented from
casting his vote it would Invalldai
>n. In the primitive ages of the
church even the laity had a voice in the
:ion of the Sovereign Pontiff, but In
these days the election la entirely in the
hands of Cardinals and their vote it Is
that decides who it is that is to be the
legitimate Pope.
The elections begin at least ten days
after the Pontiff's death. If the foreign
< 'arninals cannot arrive in Rome, either
through sickness or old age or other in
disposition, the election proceeds, and the
College of Cardinals cannot wait any
longer. Should any Cardinal arrive after
the ten days have elapsed he hag a right
to enter the conclave then in session. In
the first session of the conclave each of
lardlnals takes a solemn oath on the
Gospels to observe the canons that refer
to the election in the conclave. The
bulls of the nine Popes who legislated on
the mode of •procedure' ln the. election of
the Pope by bailot in the conclave are
•oihern.' The Fisherman's Ring
being part of the Insignia of the Holy
r. La now unsealed by the master
of ceremonies, and the first session of
the conclave comes to a close. On the sec
ond day the" various officers of the-Pontifi
cal S( to pay their respects to
urdinals, and receive confirmation in
their varim;--, offices, and the next three
days are spent In elections to the. different
to be filled in the con-
On the sixth day the cells that
each Cardinal is to occupy are allotted to
him, where both the: Cardinal and his
tary are to dwell during the whole
time of the conclave. When the election
takes place In Rome it takes place either
at the Quirinal or at the Vatican palace.
The fact that the Quirinal is now in the
hands of the Government and the resi
dence of the present King will preclude
the next election being held at the Quir
inal. Pope Plus IX. was elected at the
Quirinal, while Pope Leo XIII was elect
«■! at the Vatican. Should the Pope die in
any other city than Rome ■ the election
can take place in that city. As Pope Leo
has remained at the Vatican as a prisoner
since his election, the Vatican will in all
probability be the pla c of the next elec
tion. Again, the Vatican contains 1100
rooms, and there Is a very spacious hall
in tho Vatican set apart and iitted up for
this special purpose for the election of
Crowd Watching for SmoKe prom the Chirr)ney.
the Pope. Each Cardinal is nllowd two
rooms, called cells, one for himself and
one for his secretary. During these days,
and up to this time, the usual everyday
•official business of the Cardinals' lives
goes on. Ministers and Embassadors
come to transact business with the vari
ous Cardinals. They stand before them
with uncovered head and in the same
manner as before the Pope himself, since
the Cardinals have now assumed supreme
power In the church. Only one Cardinal
responds to the questions asked by the
representatives of the various Govern
ments, namely, the dean of the Sacred
College. Finally a sermon is delivered In
The. Election and Consecration of- the
■ Sovereign Pontiff by the College
■. ■ of Cardinals, •
£y father Charles /flurry &r ovine.
Latin on the soierjin duties of the con
clave, and they go In procession to the
place where the conclave Is to meet. The
papa] choir, consisting of the best
male voices ir. - Rome, is In attend
ance, and they sing the "Venl Cre
ator." When' the Cardinals assemble
in the chapel the bulls are once again
road, and. again they take the oath
to conscientiously observe the canons reg
ulating the election.' An address is deliv
ered by the Cardinal dean as an exhorta
tion to do their duty conscientiously. Up
to this time the Cardinals are in commu
nication with the outside world. They re
ceive visitors, transact business, etc., but
at the stroke of the midnight bell the
master of ceremonies rings a silver bell,
and all who are not of the conclave re
tire... The doors are finally and solemnly
closed, and no one is allowed to pass in
or out except the Cardinals' who per
chance may bo late in coming from for
eign countries. Each Cardinal is allowed
to have two members of his household in
personal attendance upon him. These are
called conclavists. A number of other at
tendants are also allowed inside the con
clave, viz., a carpenter, a mason, a sac
ristan, a friar or monk to hear confes
sions, a number of barbers, eight or ten
porters and several other domestics to do
common service to the whole body of Car
dinals.
The word "conclave" comes from the
fact of closing the door with a key.
"Clavis" in Latin means a key. The word
conclave refers to the inclosure as well
as to the body of Cardinals In session.
All secular influence ceases for good, so
as to leave the Cardinals uiurammeled
THE SODAT CAXTi.
|n their selection of a successor to St.
IN ;er. This assembly of Cardinals is the
most august assembly in the world, and
is the only assembly that is known by
the word conclave. In the veins of these
Cardinals flows the purest and richest and
noblest blood T>n earth. They are the. sons
of the old Romans, descended from the
conquerors of the. world, heirs of the Sen
ators of old Rome who made and unmade
nations. The cells in which the Cardinals
nr»> to dwell during elections are twenty
feet square and twenty feet high. The
cells of the Cardinals who have been
elected to office by the late Pope are
decorated with violet tapestry, while the
cells of the older Cardinals are covered
with green or red. The cell is divided into
two compartments, one for the Cardinal
and the other for his secretary. A Car
dinal of princely rank may have thre«
cells and two secretaries for personal at
tendants. When all are assembled within
the windows and all entrances to the con-
clave are closed. There Is only one door
to the conclave, and this Is locked with
a double key, one on the outside and one
on the inside. The governor, who is a
Cardinal appointed by the Sacred Col
lege, holds one key on the inside and the
marshal, who is a lay official, on the out
side, is the custodian of the other key.
There are four apertures In tho walls,
called gates, through which all their
men Is are passed and anything else that
is absolutely required. All this is to
avoid any communication with the outer
world and to prevent fraud or political
influence being used on the Cardinals in
the castine of their votes. Tlia outside
halls are also locked and the Cardinal
Camerllngo keeps these keys. Papal
troops are drawn up in attendance and
are in charge of one of the princes of the
house of Chigi, who also takes charge of
some of the outer keys and guards the
conclave from violence.
The most extraordinary precautions are
taken to shut out intrigues and political
influence. Each of the European nations
naturally takes an interest in the election
and zealously tries to have the election
turn out to its own interest. Al! these
precautions are necessary to withstand
any pressure that might be brought to
bear on the conclave and to allow the
Cardinals to vote for him who seems best
fit before God to spiritually govern 250,
--000.000 of people. The whole building Is
searched to see there is no one there ex
cept those who have a right to be, and this
search takes place twice every day. Even
the food is searched for secret documents
to see that it contains no letters or ad
vices or matters prejudicial to the con
scientious and just election of tho Pontiff.
Any man in the Catholic church is eli
gible to the office of Pope, be he Cardinal
or Bishop, priest or layman, married or
s-tngle. The Cardinals are free in this
matter, but from the time of Urban VI
the custom has prevailed of electing a
Cardinal, and an Italian Cardinal at that.
In these United States the law obtains
that he who is elected to the Presidency
must be born in the States, but the Cath
olic church is still more democratic, for
any man who is a Catholic Is eligible to
the Papacy. Only a pagan, a heretic or
an excommunicated person 1s excluded
from election. Should a married man be
elected he would have to separate, like
Peter of old, from his wife and receive
holy orders and episcopal consecration
Conclave of Cardinals Voting in the Sistine Chapel.
at the hands of the Bishop of Ostia; so
that any man in the Catholic church may
be a candidate for Pope. Nowadays an
Italian Cardinal is usually elected because
of the great Interests of the church in the
city of Rome. The immense property and
wealth that has been accumulating for
nineteen centuries in Rome seems to de
mand It. One visit to Rome will easily
convince that great interests are at stake
and that Rome is the only place for the
Pope's residence, being the center of cult
ure, refinement and civilization. Naturally
an Italian Pope prefers his own country
and the city of Rome as his residence.
For an Italian turns to Rome as naturally
as the magnet turns to the pole. Even
the Italians of this, country long for the
deep blue Italian sky and the balmy cli
mate of Italy, which is the most salubrl
ousand enchantingcHmateof any on earth.
Again, history tells us that the French
men who were elected to the papal chair
returned to France, built magnificent pal
aces and dwelt there, conducting the
business of the church from the city of
Avignon. But to-day these palaces are
empty and of no value to the church since
Pope Gregory returned to Rome from
Avignon at the persuasion of St. Cather
ine of Sienna. The Pope has remained In
Rome ever since.
The voting in the conclave takes place
in the chapel twice a day, morning and
evening. Each Cardinal has a desk decor
ated with his coat of arms assigned to
him. Immediately before the election be
gins an Augustinian monk celebrates
mass. When the mass is concluded all the
attendants withdraw, leaving the Cardi
nals severely alone. They then prepare
to cast their first ballot. Two-thirds of
the votes must be given by ballot to val
idlyelect. WhentheCardlnals cannot agree
they can select two Cardinals and leave
the election of the Pope to them. This is
called an election by compromise, and
when all without delay proclaim a certain
one for Pope, as if by inspiration, this is
called an election by quasi-inspiration.
Leo XIII was elected in this way. His
election was due to Cardinal Antonelli.
While they could not. agree on a two-third
ballot. Cardinal Antonelli, seeing that
Cardinal Pecchi was gaining in favor at
each ballot, went over to him, knelt down
and kissed his hand and saluted him as
the Holy Father. The other Cardinals
took in the situation and with one acclaim
One of the Chambers Prepared for the Cardinals.
proclaimed him Pope. Thus Leo XIIT
owes his election to quasl-lnspiration.
When the ballots are counted and no one
has received a two-thirds vote the voting
papera are taken to a fireplace and
burned. The/ smoke ascending through a
certain chimney is a sign to an Immense
concourse of people assembled outside for
news of the election and to obtain the
new Holy Father's blessing, that the Car
dinals have not yet decided on any one
for Pope. When they see the smoke they
return to their homes, to come again in
the evening or the morning, as the case
may be. Then the Cardinals retire to
their apartments to await the next ballot.
This Is repeated each day till a Pope
is elected. Before' the voting takes
place a number of committees of Cardi-
nals are chosen to inspect the vote's, to
revise the election and to certify to Its
legality and regularity.
The ballots are printed on paper, and
each Cardinal writes the name of his
choice for Pope on the inside of the paper,
folds it, seals It with his own seal, made
for him and supplied for the occasion. An
altar is erected at the end of the chapel
and a large gold chalice and paten are
placed thereon. The inspectors of election
take their place at the altar. The Car
dinal Bishop of Ostia Is the first to rise.
He writes his name on his ballot in pub
lic at the center of the table, and ap
proaching the altar kneels, prays and ris
ing says. "I take Christ our Lord to wit
ness that I vote for the one whom in the
sight of God I deem worthy, and I will do
the same- in case the accesus is used." He
then places the sealed ballot on the paten
and allows It to fall into the chalice. The
Cardinals now approach in order of rank
and vote after the same manner. The sick
Cardinals send their votes through the
committee appointed. The first Cardinal
inspector covers the chalice with the paten
and shakes it. The third Cardinal in
spector counts the ballots and sees that
they agree with the number of Cardinals
present. If there Is any discrepancy the
ballots are burned and they begin the
election anew. Three inspectors then read
the names of each candidate aloud, so
that each name be heard by all. Each
Cardinal writes the name so read at" his
own desk and keeps an account of the
votes cast for each candidate. The ballots
are then returned once again to the chal
ice. If two-thirds of the vote are given
to any one person he becomes elected but
if the two-thirds are not given to any one
and they cannot agree on any candidate
they retire again to consider another can
didate for the next election. When two
thirds of the ballots are given to any one
person he is declared Pope and the con
clave is over. The youngest Cardinal then
rings a bell, calls all the Cardinals
around th« newly elected. The Cardinal
dean aßks him if he accepts the canonical
election to the supreme- pontificate; if h.>
says ha accepts, forthwith he becomes
Pope, head of the church. Bishop of
Rome, Father of Christendom, Vicar of
Christ and Sovereign Pontiff. Should he
refuse, the chair is still vacant and an
other election is in order. Should ho hesi
tate, he is asked threeVtlmes. On his ac
ceptance the Cardinal dean genuflects be
fore him, asking him by what name ho
shall be known to Christendom in the fu
ture, and by thjs name he is known ever
after. The new Pope is taken to the al
tar, where he is clothed In the pure white
robe of the Sovereign Pontiff. The dis
tinguishing color of the Pope is white, of.
a Cardinal red, of a Bishop purple and of
a priest black. Enthroned on the altar
the Pope receives the obedience of all tho
Cardinals, the Cardinal chamberlain plac
ing on his hand the Fisherman's Ring.
In the meantime the masons remove tho
Wall under the arch over the balcony, and
all go In procession to the balcony over
the main entrance to the Vatican. There
the Cardinal dean proclaims the election
to : the people waiting outside. Thr
lowing Sunday is generally set apart tor
the coronation of the new Pope. He Is
carried -by the highest nobility in pn
sion, the Cardinals. Archbishops. Bish , s.
the Ministers and Embassadors of foreign
nations, the pontifical army, whose of
ficers are nobles, composing the proces
sion. The Sfciss Guards do duty by
guarding the procession. It enters St.
Peter's, where for the first time the new
ly elected Father of Christendom and
Vicar of Christ ascends the oldest
most venerable throne in the world— the
throne of Peter. From this throne he
looks down upon his subjects scattered
over the whole world. All nations and
peoples are his. He reigns not alone from
sea to sea and shore to shore, but b
very hearts of the faithful also. The sun
never sets on the territory of Great Brit
aln; but neither sun nor moon ever s
the Pope's subjects. ■ For Catholicity
means übiquity; only death or resiK!:^.
tion can dethrone him. Here a very
touching ceremony takes place before his
throne. Best the Pope should be carried
away by the power he wields and blinded
by the gilded pageantry of the world, the
master of ceremonies draws near to tho
Pope and burns a little tow or flax on a
silver tray, repeating three times, "Sic
transit gloria mundi" (thus, Holy Fathi r,
all the glory of the world passes away).
Solemn high mass is sung, during which
the Pope receives the pallium from the
Cardinal dean. The pallium was once the
distinguishing garment of the Jewish high
priest.
After mass the Pope goes to the balcony
of St. Peter's, where his miter, which
belongs to him as Bishop, is removed and
the dean places the tiara on the Pope's
head. The origin of the tiara is not dear
ly historied. It is symbolic of his office
as Pontiff, priest and king. It has en
circled his honored brow .for ages, while
every other monarch only wears for his
crown a single circlet of gold. I.
first circle of the tiara is center*
universal headship of the Catholic church,
one fold and one shepherd. In the * I
the supremacy of jurisdiction as pastor or
shepherd; and in the third circle is ca
tered the temporal dominion which iho
Popes enjoyed over a thousand years.
Although- the tiara only dates from about
1340. yet the thing symbolized by it dates
back to Christ's commission to Peter.
The last act of the coronation of the
Pope is the taking possession of the
Basilica of St. John Lateran, the old. Bt
church in the world. Here the Popi a
lived for over a thousand years, but since
the Popes took up their abode at the Vat
ican they still go to St. John's solemnly
after their coronation to take possession
of their cathedral. At the portal of St.
John Lateran the arch-priest pr.
a gold cross to the Pope to kiss. He is
presented with keys of the Basilica, one
key of which is of pure gold and the
other of virgin silver. The vast proces
sion takes its way to the large couacil
hall made famous by kings and emn
men of letters and historic personages of
past ages and from this balcony the Pope
addresses' the people and distributes large
alms. He then, returns to the palace of
the Vatican.
Unless things change greatly before the
next election it is probable that the next
Pope will pursue the policy of the present
one and remain a prisoner within the
walls of the Vatican, as a protest to the
powers that be against the spoliation.
and robbery committed by the
Italian Government in seizing the
papal territory. As in our country
the District of Columbia was cut
off from the States of Maryland and Vir
ginia to form the independent territory
so as to render Congress absolutely tree
from the State authority and influence,
so also the Popes had from the remotest
times a small territory around Rome
which they governed as king.
In 'this way they were free from the in
fluence of the European powers. Such
territory is absolutely necessary for the
Pope in governing 250,000,000 people. lii 3
mail and telegraph are sacred things,
and all such communications should be
free and guarded from the sacrilegious
hands of the Italian Government. At the
present time this is not so; he is often
ruthlessly deprived of his rights. 'Tis
true his kingdom is not of this earth
terrestrial, but a spiritual kingdom liko
unto the kingdom of Christ, who said
"My kingdom is not of this world." The
Italian law is "might is right," and so
the Pope is crippled in the administra
tion of his church. Temporal things
don't last always and it may be that the
next political upheaval in Europe may
restore to the Popes their cherished
rights and give them back what was
theirs for over a thousand years— the
papal dominions.
2324
TO MEET THE CALIFORNIA GRIZZLY FACE TO FACE.
HAS MADE
THE
STUDY OF
ANIMALS
HIS
LIFE WORK.
*p-f T last the rift of fully under
f standing the animal kingdom
r~*~ has come to on-e who not only
appreciates the meaning of the
moods ar.d manners of boasts
n-r.-\ birds, and can sympathize with
tlieir every mood, hut one who can also
tell their tribulations •-<! triumphs in
forceful, -sympathetic English and pic
ture them on canvas in their different
conditions.
n Thompson,
■
. the v
■
natur
stud; • • : vas
• ■ - t in Paris
into
Wolf"
But Mr. Thompson's prowess lid not
rest in the- writing of works and the
p~inting'of wonderful pictures. He also
won the- heart of a California girl,
Grace GallatiJi, daughter of Albert Gal
latin, the \yeH-kriown local millionaire.
Miss Gallatin' is more than ordinarily
clover, having written much tor the
magazines and' newspapers 'of interest
ing European ccnilulons. illustrating
her matte! most artistically.
Mr. Thompson wants to spend some
time in getting thoroughly acquainted
with the fast disappearing grizzly bear
of the Fionas. This animal is peculiar
to the Pacific Coast. :
d a tiger i .
■ ■:■ than a
■
■
■
mths,
LUghi
■■- - ■
■ Mr. Thoi - ; he
j\ 1 In: ■■ ' • -
hunt< ii us h
■ - 1
■
He will be accompanied by Louis
Ohnin-.us. a born woodsman who has
learned the secrets of forest and field,
but only as a matter of course. He was
largely instrumental in the- capture of
the big grizzly now at Golden Gate
Park. v. here Mr. Ohnimus is at present
employed by the city.
The difference between Mr. Ohnimus
and Mr. Thompson is, that while both
understand wild animals, Mr. Thomp
son—through his art and cleverness —
brings all the world in touch with na
ture, while Mr. Ohnimus takes ad
vantage of his knowledge only to
handle animals or secure their destruc
tion.
Ihe two men have never met, but
Sir. Ohnimus is waiting eagerly to learn
more of the artist who can paint wild
creatures as only a hunter s^-es them
and depict their Lives and hatreds, their
pleasures and their sorrows, with the
skill of absolute knowledge and a per
"l hay,- read a great many of Mr.
Thompson's stories in the magazines."
said Mr. Ohnimus, in discussirg the
proposed trip. "His pictures at first
attracted me. They showed a knowledge
of the gait; habits and mannerism's of
animals that I never found in an artist
before. Most pictures of animals fail
to portray the mood or the individuality
of the model. This elusive something
ca:r b^ delineated only by one who can
see it. and usually such people are men
like myself who have lived among the
animals to know and love them, but
without the ability to communicate to
others the knowledge gained.
IN THE LITERARY WORLD.
• -
■
-
-
■
:
' ; - are
and
i analyzing about causes and conse
quences." Mr. Wilcox. withe f.=H phil
osophy, finds the reason a s:r*n;r one
"These people are children." ... .ays.
The reason why they did not know how
to govern themselves; why they care so
much for love; why they are so blindly
passionate when they hate? They re
Mr. Wilcox introduces us to a Cuban
family In New York, who, in the midst
tif American- progress, retain all their
southern prejudices. It Is the care of the
parents that the children be safeguarded
from the encroachments of Americans
■ • ■ : ;
tujrhier. thi •
< - md won t
wealth: Qcent, wta
: to Bevil!e
th tt :-. i\ c
3j anish
1 * * Vi|
theOJ ey are
.■
triumph of
is of the f ei
; until, through the Influence of Christ, man
•/•became ruore like woman and th( two
' were made equal. This "Vengeance" is
'•Mary's. "Hatred she knew only in one
form: a timorous ar.d shrinking hatred
of brute force, of reckless passion, ot
merciless justice. That is to say, she
' hated those things which were especially
characteristic of the male and which the
' " male had impressed upon the laws and
customs of that day. Her plan was to
• form her son's character on a. pattern
I nobler than the fashion. Those feelings,
thoughts and traits which she loved were
cherished in him. and grew to fill his
whole being, and when his ambition
awoke, it was an amMtlon to-- spread over
the whole earth the teachings of his
muther. and. in the highest sense of thr
word, to feminize a.: men; oven as h-> had
been feminized." This is th* venseanc*
<7i of the tVmale. To most, antes* the.
• were considered, the title would
"do a warning to ketp out. '•:*
But t'uis -s not the whole veaceane*.
Tiu- t volution of man has gone on to such
a:s extent that he has crown to look ...
detestation upon many attributes that
hail once been regarded as many while
no mere womanly woman than Mary has
been created. The woman pattern has
scarcely 'changed, except that gradually
the female has been given a dash of ro
bust! fubti-acted from the male. In
. the allecory the Creator Is a mechanic
' When 1 opened Mr. Thompson's
book about 'Wild- Animals I Have
Known*; the pictures made me feel that
n 'e would be friends. No man can jrct
so close into the inner lives of the wild
things who is not broad and kind and
generous. The stories give a simple
portrayal of 'our little brethren.' as
Rudyard Kipling calls them, so true
and full of real feeling that as you
read your heart goes out to the wolves
and rabbits and grouse and foxes and
dogs and others whose romances most
of us overlook.
"I look forward very eagerly to my
'TOR SOLEMN NONSENSE CO.n. x AEND US
TO THE TOL'^' GREAT."
ion Wilcox's- Book, "Vensreance oi the Female,"
aim me ticHieu ins toys, witn wnorn ne
juggles. In the original triumph of the
malv he sees the beginning of a fine plot—
"jurt the working out of this- conquest
and the different ways in which th- f*
tnale will b. 1 avenged. There will be no'h-
Eng else of r-.a! importance. All other hap
pening? will be in one way or another
comparatively slicht consequences of this
struggle." Considering the story as wis
dom of the past; the decision of the me
chanic has been justified. It is still '"a
!me plot" and the Earth toys are still in
this r-fpect "a promising lot." A look
into the future reveals tr.e male rleen
iv. ascendancy untii the n:a> becomes the
slave of her slightest caprice, and
"venegance" is complete.
The author, who considers the volume a
little book cf traye'., scribe* "his chil
dren" with a loving pen. "These AnJn
lusians live." he says, "in misfortune as
in prosperity they live. They are in
tensely and socially aiive. They are not
obliged to buy happiness with money, fcr
their hearts will beat, throb, cult in
BpUe of fate— not Just tick, tick like a
watch, faster or slower, as they are more
or less wound up with a golden key."
The characters are gracefully introduced
and kept in our society until we are all
quite nt me and cjuite Unwilling to part.
Manuel I.ejero. tall and stout: amiable by
reason of his frequent smiles; jaunty, be
cause he took short stops in walking, and
the very mirror of Andalusian fashion
only when he wore the Spanish cloak
having fourteen- different ways of putting
it on. Mr. Taswell Langdon; the Ameri
car;. risen from obscurity ar.d proud of
It, affecting ;o be unaffected: but the af
fectation is so amiable! H;s head is small,
well stored with, knowledge in layers, each
layer b«:ng labeled, lettered ar.d num
bered; teacher r.f a "School of s«ven lan
guages," the seventh being Spanish, which
nobody in Seville needed to ;earn — nobody
but himself. He must do something for
himself. Senora Mt-ndez. one of his pu
pils, who told secrets in conversation, still
calling il-.cm secrets after they w«»r*> told;
who kr.ew she was very large a-: i yet in
dulged in the animation by means of
which slender persons win applause by
Motivating a "quiet sparkle." Ser.or Diaz
<ifl CasllUoj who sent his boys to school
because it was the fashion, and paid the
bill in sorrow. Yes. it is a loving pen that
draws these characters, and in these days
cf Spanish-American strife it is well to iet
the postlc atmosphere of the book close
about us. In an "Er.prlish interlude" the
nut her gives a humorous description of a
presentation to the Queen, and marries
Mr. Lansdcn, through the medium of
ghosts, to the lady of his choice. And
then we are carried to Italy. The most
characteristic of the Italian vignettes is
entitled "The High Note." It describe*
the life of the people of the Riviera, and
the following will show how Mr. Wilcox
scores his points: "In the Ltarorian popa
Illustration Fro^i ThomDson's * 4 W:'d Anlma 5 '. Mavc Known,"
tuntains uith Mr.
1 thii'.k that we v L!l he
i ".; to ctn the knowledge he seeks,
and you car. bet th.it if there is a
ft In the hiils we will
acquaintan
Mr. m is a man of marked
rsonal : . gan to. draw animaJ
nj : lerable at
:._■ v.as a mere boy. His
intimacy with the habits of his wild
la gave him a prominence that se
cured for him the posit! i ■ >vern
• .' Ist of Manitoba. It was
In this capacity that he produced two
lar songs there is sure to occur at the end
of, each stanza a high, long, strong note
• • • the rest of the song is but prep
aration for it. It is also the manner of
l.igurian dress. Let the hair be smartly
'.•rushed and the hat set jauntily on one
side; then r.ever mind the rest. The man
ner of Ligurian music and dress is also
the manner of Llgurian manners a.nd
character. These people do not show uni
form constderateness, but occasional
bursts of politeness. You must expect
from them, not high-toned manners, but
high notes now and — admirable, won
derful notes."
There is much charming variety, keen
Insight and homely philosophy in these
studies and one's only regret Is that so
sensitive an observer, so skillful an ar
tist, should have marred the beauty of
his work by so misleading a title. It is
really a book of travel, but scenes and
people are described with so intimate a
touch that, to use 'the author's awn
phraseology, "We are delivered from the
oppression of guide books." "Children"
he really proves his people and also that
"there is no such thing as friendship
among them. With them it is either in
difference or love." There are so many
quotable passages that selection is dim
cult. When a Seville sun beats down hot
upon the unprotected head. "Gloria cools
her fancy with memories of sedgy banks
and sweet flag bogs and pond lilies and
boots mildewed in a night." "Opp." like
the cooing of a mammoth dove, is what
the Italian says to his horse, and the
horse understands that It signifies "Go.
for the love of me, my dear; and if you
don't go. I take your hide off." Shop
keepers In VittorJo Emanuele street are
"putting their heads out for a breath."
In other words they are gossiping expan
sively with their neighbors alter the
"narrowing effects of a day spent in
trade." "Charity is such a good noun
that It blesses even any long disqualify
ing adjective you can write before It."
The beautiful heart story of Gloria and
Vincent and their little ones runs through
this "little book of travel" with Its on
clusion "from the grammar of life."
"Vengeance of the Female." by Marion
WHccx. (Herbert S. Stone & Co.. Chica
go and New York.)
BooK Notes.
"Where Angels Fear to Tread"- is the
title of the leading story in the volume
of nautical tales which Morgan Robertson
will issue in October through the Century
Company. The author Is a young writer
whose work has been promptly welcomed
by the leading magazines.
Josiah Flynt. the young; American who
has made a special study of the tramp
question, has gathered together his nu
merous contributions to the magazines
THE SUNDAY CALL.
books that established his position as
tntist and mad.- him a life member
E the ' 3 iety ..if Ri
of a simiiE.r b'dy ir. New V " :
were . - • th« Mammals of M
toba," published by the '
IS ■• ' and "The
Birds of Manitoba," rr :
Smithsonian Institution at Was
ral years ago h-- : . •
"Studies :n the Art A: it ■ ■ Ani
mals," a book in which he s\- = i :
analysis .if th^- more in:: -\\.iv birds ;
beasts tor th< tage of artists,
taxidermists ai All thta
and made a hoctk of them. "Tramping
With Tramps." as he ra'.ls the volume.
will the fall over the imprint
of the Century Company, with an Intro
•• : ■ Dr. Andrew D. V!
-. ■ Germany, who speaks of
the work as 01 I creat importance and
■ - . •
Owi::g to the . ->:nand for "The
Celebrity." by Winston Churchill, a
coven . r . .
on tho press for immediate publication
by the Macmillan C mpany. "RJchard
Carve!." by the same author, is now run
ning through Its fiftieth thousand.
E. Garratt Gardner l-.as written a primer
on Dai be publi.-h^i ;:. :h.s
country by the Macmillan Company. It
will form onet>f the series to be known as
Temple Primers, which ar* to be pub
lished in Er.g:ar»d and America by Messrs,
Dent & Co. and the Macmillan Company
respectively.
Mrs. Voynich. whose novel, "The Gad
fly," has already had to be printed In thus
country seventeen times, arrived in New
York on Wednesday. August S. on the
Teutonic. The dramatization of the novel
will te given at WaUack'a Beptembei
with Stuart Robson as the Gadfly and
Mil Marie Burroughs as the Amaionlan
i.ifT.nm. Mrs. Voynich brings with her
: ous photographs and sketches f
the quaint architecture and characteristic
scenery aroid which the plot of the story
takes its course. Seme curiosity is felt
as to whether the piav will end with the
military execution or the cathedral scene.
Among the other striking episodes of the
novel likely to be reproduced on the stage
are t % of the mountebanks the
fight ■ tare of the mountain town
and the scene between father and son in
prison.
"The Passion Play" has become toler
ably familial through the ciremetograph.
Henry Hcit <fc Co. are sending Jerome K.
me's "Diary of a Piigrimage
uamargau) to press f r Ita sixth
time. It treata the play itself reverently
and :: | ■ ly, but the experiences of
the : - ma ur.d In funny happenings.
Co. are at tne same time
ng the author's "Stagelar.d." with
Partridge's brilliant lllustrationg, for the
seventh time-
The Saturday Review has aJwayg
notetl for it? Utter fic^rs at ail th g
American. It has. however, at iast. con
sciously or unconsciously paid the fillow
., handsome tribute to an American
r. Ir. a review of "Hugh Gwyeth."
is r. -'W In its fourth edltior.
Review «ays: "We found It difficult to
tear ourselves away from the fawlnat
ing narrative. Even Anthony Hope does
not inspire more joyfully the exhilaration
of battle, with all the "swaxmings,
marches and thick hubbubs of soldiers'
or maintain more uniformly the excite
ment of a reader."
Paui Leicester Ford's series of papers
ho tv a? writing stories for tlv m.icra
: his i .'II and
: painting pi'"
;h.:t La s fame on th^ c nti
: : . made ' "
, was called, a very de
■':?= Oallatin in
New York - wife- has ac
! Mr. Tl •n all his
I .tl Inated In
ns. shared his
assisted In r}v> production of
■ latter capacity she
showed such talent that the Scribners
on "The Many-Slded Franklin." which
have b<:-en appearing in the Century Mag
azine during tho past year.; will be pub
lished in a handsome book in October.
The volume will contain a great number
Of illustrations.
"The Influence of the ' Weather on
Crime" is the subject of a short article
by Edwin G. Dexter which will appear in
Appleton's Popular Science Monthly for
September. Mr. Dexter has during the
past two years been making a special
study of this interesting subject. He be
lieves that a close connection can be
traced between certain types of weather
and certain forms of crime.
Among the fall books of the Bowen-
Mertill Company will be "Book-Lover's
Verse." a compilation of the happy versa
that is ever being written about" books
and their makers. The volume is being
edited by Howard S. Ruddy, a book man
of much discrimination, whose work in
recent years en the Rochester Herald has
made its literary department so notable a
feature.
''The Black Wolf's Breed" is to be the
title of a story by Harris Dlckson, a new
Southern writer, that will be Issued by
the Bowen-Merrill Company within the
next few months. It is a ■ story of ad
venture, happening in France and ."Tench
America during the reign of Louis XIV
and is said to be a powerful piece of
work. . «w.
Charles Major, whose story, "When
Knighthood Was in Flower." has '. een so
marked a success, hae b«en at work' for
over a year on a new historical novel
dealing with the period of Charles 11. and
introducing some of the mare famous
characters of that time. Nell Gwynra
plays a prominent part in the tale.
In a recent review of Professor Her.rv
S. Nash'a "Ethics ax : Revelation" Bishop
John H. Vincent says of it:
"This I? a great book. It Is a poem in
prose, c. study in English— felicitous and
forcible, a study In history and sociology.
in the subjective spiritual life and in ec
clesiastical fundamentals. The author is
a. rare rhetorician and guides one through
gardens of beauty, but they are gardens
among the mountains. One is in danger
of marring the margins of the pages by
markinr brilliant, strong and epigram
matic passages for re-reading." •
New Books Received.
CHICAGO. SATAN'S SANCTUM— L.
O. Cnron. (C. D. Phillips & Co.. Chicago )
LAYS OF ANCIENT ROME— By Ma
caulay. (.Casseil's National Library, new
series.)
THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF BENJA
MIN FRANKLIN. (Casseil's National
Library-, new series/) ":
ESSAYS ON BURNS AND SCOTT— By
Thomas Carlyle. (Casseil's National Li
brary, new series.)
THE MANDATE— By T. Baron Russell.
(John Lane. London and New York.)
BETWEEN THE OCEAN AND THE
LAKES— the story of Eric— Edward
Harold Mott. (John S. Collins". 253 Broad
way, New York.)
■ m ■
Mr. Dunn (unpaid bill In his hand) —
when shall I call again. Mr. Owens?
Mr. Owens— It would hardly be
proper for you to call again until I have
returned the present call.
What Ernest Thompson, the (fever
Writer and Illustrator of An'maf
Life, Wishes to Accomplish Up
on His Visit to the Pacific Coast.
offered her a large salary merely to
■=urerint'-nd the "making up of the
books coming from their publishing de
partment, a flattering testimonial t<>
her cleverness that she had not the
time • 1 vantage of.
Mr? Thomppon will b^ remembered
particularly in Sacramento, where the
Gallatins made trMr borne for many
year« Her father was then the presi
dent of the firm of Huntingrton. Hop
kins & Co., founded by Collls P. Hunt
lngton in the early sixties. Of late
BEAUTY IS NOT
"SKIN DEEP."
By Mme. Hygeia.
This department is for the benefit of all these who are interested in
the science of cosmetics and the hygiene cf proper living. If any one
desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be
cheerfully answered in those columns. Write as often as you like, ask
as many questions as you pler.se and sign any name that you choose. Ad
dress all communications to Mme. Hyeeia, Sunday Gall.
BEAUTY is not "skin deep. I->on t
you believe a word of it. Real true
"beauty of the enduring sort lies
away, down deep in the character
and disposition. A pretty face and a fig
ure of perfect proportions never yet mail
a truly beautiful man.
If there is not a pleasing personality,
a frank and cordial manner, together
with sufficient sense to walk in out of a
hailstorm, why. the pink and white com
plexion, the eyes of heavenly loveliness
and the white and shapely hand won't
amount to a canceled postage stamp.
These are but the external embellish
ments of a structure that will not with
stand the storms and weathprbeatings of
Time unless- underlying it is something
more enduring than mere physical love
lines?, such as sweetness of character
and a cheerful, love-compelling tempera
ment. So, in your effort to enhance the
physical don't forget that the mental
needs refurbishing also.
Furthermore, there cannot be perfect
beauty without perfect cleanliness.
■ "Cleanliness is next to godliness."
That's another aphorism with which 1 am
inclined to find fault, for to my mind
cleanliness comes 'seforc godliness. I do
not mean by that that I think it discounts
in its results physically the practice of
all the virtues, but I do think one has to
be clean before one can be good.
I once asked a fastidious youth what at
tribute he most admired in woman.
"Neatness," he replied, without a mo
ment's hesitation. When one walks down
Kearny or Market street and observes the
number of women who seem to be filling
the role of a sidewalk mop. gathering
up with the hems of their gowns the
sweepings of the streets, whose faces are
painted and plastered until they look as
though they would crack if they smiled
and whose hair parts Itself all over the
head in little sticky strands, ore cannot
but agree with the aforementioned youth.
With her skirt all frayed at the edges,
her fingers sticking through the ends of
her gloves and ■-:-...- on
her boots a woman Is not the winsome
creature that she might be .were perfect
neatness and order the predominating
characteristics of her toilet. We all in
stinctively line the clean, people and hate
the untidy.
I would also suggest that you gewn
yourselves correctly. Try and keep in
mind the eternal fitness of things. When
you have on an old □BUS frock, don't
top it -jIT with a dressy, delicate-hueu
hat, and don't Insist upon wearing white
gloves un all occasions, no matter how
soiled the gloves may be. If you must
wear white gloves, then keep them white.
Five cents' worth of gasoline will clean
several pairs of cloves, and will take but
a few minutes of your precious time.
If your dress is a bit worn and shabby
it really doesn't matter much, so long as
your skirt is whole and well brushed.
your shots nicely blacked, your neckwear
fresh and clean and your scolding locks
pinned neatly back. These are little de
tails, but they count tor a whole lot in
the make-up of an attractive woman.
Oh, yes. and let me beg of the little
women not to try and lose themselves
under a heavy hat of enormous propor
tions, and of the big ones With round, fat
faces not to tog themselves in little
round affairs that give to their heads the
appearance of a child's balloon with a
doughnut perched atop it. . :
Clothes tell a story of themselves. A
Frenchman, I think It was. once said:
"Show me a woman's clothes at different
periods of her life and I will tell you her
history." m m §
; As a "lastly" to to-day's Beauty Talk
I would like to add some ' ! n*ts' which
I stumbled across the other aay and
which I think might be pasted on the
■back of many a woman's hand mirror.
They are: Don't worry. Don't hurry.
Don't overeat. Don't starve. Breathe
fresh air every day and night. Sleep
and rest a great deal. Spend less nerv
ous energy every day than you make.
Be cheerful. Work like a woman, but
don't be worked to death. Associate with
healthy people. Health is contagious as
well as disease. Don't carry the whole
world on your shoulders, far less the
universe. -
Arjswers to Correspor)deQts.
ANNETT A— Treatment for 'oily skin
with large, open pores calls for warm
water, pure Castile soap and a lotion for
softening the water. The following is de
lightful: Alcohol, four ounces; ammonia
(purest and best), one ounce; oil of laven
der, one dram. Add one teaspoonful of
this to two quarts of water when you
bathe your face. Be sure not to use a
drop more than the directions call for.
Too much of the lotion makes the skin
too dry, but when used in the right pro
portions it Is excellent. For heavens sake
do not bleach your hair. If you have a
luxuriant head of hair you should be a
happy girl, and not complain because it
is not blonde. If you could read some of
» the desperate appeals that come to me
concerning heads that possess only three
or four tiny wisps of hair you would con
gratulate yourself on your great good
fortune.
CHARLOTTA— When massaging the
little lines under the eyes always rub
upward and outward. Those swellings
under the eyes ' show either lack
of rest or lack of good, robust health.
Bathing them with witch hazel to which
a few drops of camphor have been added
will subdue them somewhat. Those little
white spots under the skin ire results of
congested pores, the tiny openings havir.g
become so ciogged that the sebaceous
matter, not being able to expel itself has
gathered into a tiny ball. The spot* are
usually very painful and cannot be
squeezed out. since there is no op*>n;n"
t*iere to be broken. The only way "that
they can be doctored is by taking a very
fine needle, puncturing the skin and pick
ing i.. little white things out. If a little
toilet vinegar is immediately used there
will be no scar whatever and the little
pe«=ts will never return. • <••
MAUD—I have on my files a letter
signed Maud ask:ng for an address lam
almost ashamed to confess that the
stamped addressed envelope that accom
panied this letter baa in some wav been
lost. Had there been an address con
tained in the letter I would have replied
any way. I am so sorry about it and if
you will send me your address I will take
pleasure in giving you the Information
you de = .re.
BRIDGET-The eyes should be kept
years she has. been much in tump",
and -it was in Paris that she first met
Mr. Thompson, who was then receiving
his first homage as the leading animal
painter of the day.
She will accompany her husband in
his trip to the Sierra fastnesses. She
is. a daring horsewoman, a Rood rifle
shot and an enthusiastic lover of na
ture, so that the trip that would be
deemed a hardship by most women
promises to be a very pleasurable out
ing for her.
closed when Fteamir.fr the face. If, how
evfr. the steam seems to affect your
lungs as well, then I think you had bet
ter jrive it up. You can get the me re
sults by using hot applications. Wring <.
towel oui of boiling hot water .ar.d hold
it to the face until it begins to tool.
Then. "rep-eat. In this way you can avoid
inhaling any steam, and you need not
put the cloth over the eyes. Then if you
will Rive your face a thorough scrubbing
with ycur complexion brush and castile
soap .and finish with a smearing of cold
cn'am, I am certain those horrid Mule
blackheads will become utterly . discour
aged and soon cease to flourish. No, my
dear, the cold cream will not make the
skin more sensitive." I think 1 should try
the strawberry cream if I were you, now
that strawberries are in market. It is
delightful, and look? pood enough to eat.
Of course you can use Another ream in
connection with the one you are using,
only 1 think it is better to find a cream
that agrees with one's skin .and then
stick to that one. My dear little girl, if
you never put anything more objection
able on your face than a little pure,
homemade cold cream, no one will ever
accuse you of "making up." The -"made
up" lady is she of the blondined tresses,
the rouged cheeks and the penciled' eye
brows, of whom I. disapprove quite as
heartily as you do. I have never advo
cated that sort of thing and heaven for
bid chat I ever shall. Here is a recipe
for a shampoo that will make your hair
fluffy and nice: Take half a pint of al
cohol and in it shake up the yolk of an.
egg. Strain, and you will have a clear
fluid that will keep indefinitely. Pour two
tablespoonfula of this in the water in
which you wash your hair and rub it
well into the scalp and through the long
ends. Rinse in warm water, wipe with
warm towels and fan until dry. It cer
tainly i« not the sponge bath that dis
agrees with you. You must be ailing in
some way. You really ought to be able
in half an hour to give your toilet all the
care that is necessary if you are sys
tematic about it. I mean that In that
time you should be- able to take your
sponge bath, brush your hair, care for
your nails and coddle your complexion.
So tlon't be discouraged, but go along
in the way you have begun and— my word
for it— you will come out winner in the
end.
THERESA— very sweet of you to
send me the little piece* of lace work! Be
lieve me, I am more than grateful. Am
pleased that my advice was helpful to
you. Do I "ever answer questions other
than those pertaining to beauty?" Yes.
if they happen to be upon a subject with
which I am conversant. I can give you
the information on good form which you
desire. It certainly is very bad form to
wear showy clothes to church. Your
walking dress and street hat. or any of
the au;eter costumes in your wardrobe,
would be more appropriate than the one
you describe. That should be kept for
visiting or the matinee. No, it is not the
proper thing for a young lady to
lunch or dine at a restaurant * with
a man unchaperoned. There are, of
course, circumstances of convenience
that make it permissible, but these
conditions should be imperative, for
it is not an elegant thing to do. and dis
regard of the rules along this line
cheapens a girl deplorably. If you have
no mother, then go to some older woman
friend and get her to advise you— and fol
low her advice even if by so doing you go
against your impulses and sacrifice" a Jew
"good times." if you have any further
questions along this line I shall be more
than pleased to answer them. In any cir
cumstances, write to me again.
DAISY— The little waits can be entirely
removed with a lunar caustic penciL
Touch the center of the war; lightly with
the caustic pencil once a day. It will turn
black and gradually disappear. Be very
careful not to get the caustic on an
other part of the skin. ■
N. N. N. — I cannot give addresses
through the columns of the paper. I
could not give the one you ask for tnrough
any medium, as I understand the person
named in your letter has gone out of busi
ness.
FLOSSIE H.— lt was a pleasure to read
your very appreciative letter. If you ob
ject to the lanolin In the skin food, omit
it. I do not believe a real skin food can
be made without "grease," as you call it —
that is, without any oily ingredient. Here
is a formula for a simple skin food that
is free from animal fats: Two table
spoonfuls of oil of sweet a!mond3 and one
teaspoonful of best rosewater. Beat to a'
cream and add three drops of camphor
and two drops simple tincture of benzoin.
The preparations you mention I know ab
solutely nothing about: never heard of
them. If your skin food gets rancid in a
short time i« must be because the ingredi
ents are not pur* 1 . I use it right along*. Mine
never gets rancid, but keeps for months.
If you will use a few drops of oil of lilac
in the cream you will find that it will re
tain its fragrance. Following la the recipe
for. strawberry cold cream: Spermaceti.
one-half ounce; white wax, one-half
ounce; sweet almond oil, two and a half
ounces; strawberry juice, three-fourths of
an ounce; benzoin, five drops. Take large,
fresh berries. Wash and drain thorough
ly. Macerate and strain the juice through
a piece of muslin. Heat the white wax
the spermaceti and the oil of almonds in
a porcelain kettle. Remove from the fire
and add the strawberry Juloa very
quickly. Beat with an egg-beater untii
**;•. adding the five drops of benzion
lust as the mixture- begins to cool. Put
in a Jar ana keep in a cool place. Please
read foregoing reply to Restorer'
RESTORER-The article referred to
was not written by me. The- only advice
I car. give you on the subject is the fa
mous ad%-ice of Punch to people about to
ma T y v7<" Dcr '' t -" • T ? : , c only treatment that
will obliterate wrinkles is manipulation of
the relaxed muscles with the aid of a good
skin food. There will be an Illustrated
article on the subject of facial mas?. - in
next Sunday's Call, which will give you
all the information on that subject that
you car. possibly desire. There Is no such
thing as a hair "restorer." They are ail
dyes, pure and simple. I will venture to
say that the person who used the po
cahed "restorer" had to^apply it again and
again and that as the hair grew out from
tne roots it was the same o!d color. Your
last question I have handed over to the
ecitJen of the regular "Answers to Corre
spondents" column, which appears on the
editorial page nf the daily pa;:*r. You
will find it ar.swere-d as seen as those
ahead of yon i-av* h«>- rHvTvwwj of.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
3££jP^£jF2 Is rrrr:ov»i ty DR. a-i 11P.3
?sCvtiiA^3| A. W. TRAVERSE. Doachoa
EC'-*i3»'*P bu!ldl=K, UTO Marks: St.. ccr.
l\^a^ Tarlcr, f 'r->o!r.i R-». with tb*
44 electric n»ei.e, without pair, or
?©j3^<j(fr-*fj tear - Me!«. warts, wrinkles.
BBPTT _J>*3 bUckhead», freckl#«. blrtii-
r*^L%'"~U^l ci''«i tic, »lso renioT«a. Per-
Kjß3a|gßßgj| c-.»r.eac7 guaranteed. Ho an, 1
to 4 p. m.ACTIVE
SERVICE
Copyrighted.
MARJORY WAINWRIGHT fall s In love with Rufus Coleman. Sunday editor
of the New Tork Eclipse. She tells her father, one of the most learned
professors In a great Eastern college, of her Intention to marry Coleman and.
In spite of the fact that Coleman was at one time a favorite pupil, the match
-* Is most bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece hoping to .pre
vent the wedding. Coleman calls' on Marjory- for. an answer to his suit. To
try his affection she treats him coolly and announces . her .trip to Greece, He
misunderstands, and the result Is they say- good-by In a most matter of fact
manner, but Marjory rushes In tears to her father fully convinced that Cole
man does not love her, while Coleman goes to the. club and drowns his grief
In drink. The professor arranges to take some of his students with his family
to Greece— among them a young sophomore named Coke, who has .distinguished
himself in a freshman rush and js regarded by Coleman In the light of a
rival. Coleman gets an appointment as war correspondent of the Eclipse for
the war In Greece and sails via London. On the steamer he meets Nora Black,
a celebrated dancer and an old friend, who pays him marked attention
Coleman rather slights the attentions of the fair Nora and In .turn Is him
self snubbed. He leaves London without telling her good-by. although she sits
near him at supper, and from remarks she makes to her party he knows "j* 9
Is fond of him. In Greece he learns that the Walnwrlght party are at Nikopolis
and in danger, so he sets out for that point at once.
[Continued.] • ■ ' - .
Arta was on the road from Nikopolis into Greece. Hearing
this news ... the sunlit square made him betray.no weakness, but- -in i ine
darkness of his room at the hotel he.'seemed to behold Marjory encaaeu
by insurmountable walls of flame. .He could look out ot his window into
the black night of the north and feel every, ounce of a .hideous circum
stance. It appalled him; here was no power of calling up a score ,or jre;
porters and sending them scampering to accomplish everything, tie ( even
might as well have been without a tongue as far as It could serve him in
goodly speech. He was alone, confronting the black, ominous- Curkis
north, behind which were the deauly flames; behind -the "•""*»
was Marjory. It worked upon him until he .felt -obliged to call
In his dragoman, and then, seated upon th- edge -of his bed ana
wpvlng his pipe eloquently, he described, the plight of some very dear
friends who were cut off at Nikopolis in Eptrus. Some of his talk was
almost wistful in ita wish for sympathy from his servant, but at the end
he bade the dragoman understand that he Coleman) was going to their
lescue and he deflantlv asked the hireling if be was. prepared to go with
him But he did not know the Greek nature.- In two minutes the arago
rcai.' was weeping tears of enthusiasm, and for these tears Coleman was
eve-grateful Decause he had not been told that any of the more crude
term's oi sentiment arouse the common- Greek to the'- high, pitch, but
boraetimes.'* when it comes to hat the Ameiieans. call a- "show .down.
When he gets lacked to his' last, coiner with- a solitary privilege of. dying
f,,r these sentiments, ...... does' not always exhibit • those talents
which are supposed to be possessed by the bulldog. He Often-then goes
into the cares and takes It all out In oration, like any common -Parisian.
In the morning a steamer .carried them across the strait and lantled
them near Mesalonghi; at the foot of the railroad that-leads to. Agrintofi.
At Agrinlo'n Coleman at last began to feel that he was neanng his goal..
There were plentv ot soldiers in the town.' who received with delight and
applause this gentleman in the distinguished looking khaki clothes with
his revolver and his field glasses arid his canteen and his dragoman.. The
dragoman lied, of course. a:id vociferated that the gentleman in t life dis
tinguished looking khaki clothes was an English soldier of reputation, who
had naturally come to help the cross in its light against the' crescent. He
also said that his master had three superb horses coming from. Athens In
charge < f a groom, and was undoubtedly going to join the- cavalry. \\ re
upon the soldiers wished to embrace and kiss the gentleman In the dis
tinguished looking khaki clothes. -V '
There was more or less of a scuffle. ', Coleman would, have taken to
kicking and punching; nut he found that by a 'series of-elusive movements
he could dodge the demonstrations -of affection withpur losing'. his popular
ity Escorted by soldiers, citizens, children and elogs. he went to the dili
gence which was to take him and others the next stage of the journey.
As the diligence' proceeded Coleman's mind, suffered another little inroad
of ill faith as to the 'success of his expedition. In the first place it ap
peared foolish to expect that this, diligence would ever arrive anywhere.
Moreover, the accommodations were about equal to what one would endure
if one undertook to sleep for a night in a tree. Then there was a devil
dog, a little black-and-tan -.•-■■ a blanket gorgeous and- belled, whose
dutv it was to stand on the top or the' coach and bark incessantly to keep
the" driver fully aroused to the enormity of his occupation. To have this
cur silenced either by strangulation or ordinal clubbing Coleman strug
gled with his dragoman as Jacob struggled with the gel. but in the first
plac^'the dragoman was a Gre-e-k whose tongue could go quite drunk, a
Greek who became a Slavs to the! herakimgiind establishment of one cer
tain fact or lie. and now he was engaged in describing to every village and
to all the eountrvside the prowess of the gentleman in the . distingu
looking khaki clothes. It was the-gene'ral absurdity of this advance to .the
frontie- and the lighting, to the crucial place where he was rcsolvee. to
make an atte>mpt to rescue his wee heart; it was this ridiculous- aspect
that caused to come to Coleman a premonition of failure. . No knight ever
went out to recover a lost love in such a diligence end with such a ■•:•••. '1
dog. tinkling his -little bells an', yelping insanely to keep the driver
6 W ii. 1** 0 • ■ -, ■•
Alter nightfall th.v arrived at a town on the southern coast of the
Gulf of Arta and the goaded dragoman was. I rust forth from the little
Inn into the s'root to find' the first possible means of gettting.on to Arta.
He returned at las* to "tremulously say thai there was no single. chance of
starting for Arta that night. Whereupon he was .again thrust into the
street with orders, strict orders. In due time Coleman spread his rugs
upon the floor of- his little .room and' thought himself almost asleep, when
the dragoman entered 'with -a really intelligent man who for some reason
had agreed to consort with him in the business of getting the stranger
eff to Arta. They announced that there - was a brlganl about tc sail
w'th a load ol soldiers- for a little port near Arta.- and if Coleman iiurried
he could catch it. permission from' an officer having already been obtained.
He was up at once, and the dragoman and, the unaccountably Intel!! -
person hastilv gathered his chattels. Stepping out Into a .black street and
moving to the edge of black water and- -embarking in a black bo.at filled
with soldiers whose rifles dimly shone was as- Impress! to Coleman as if
really" it was the first start. He had endured many-starts, it was true, but
the last one' always touched him as being "final.
There were no" lights on the brigantine and the men swung. precariously
up her «=ide«lo the deck, which was already occupied by a babbling multi
tude The dragoman judiciously found a place for his master where dur
ing 'the night the latter had to move quickly every time the tiller was
shifted to starboard. The craft raised her shadowy sails and swung slowly
off into the d-^ep gloom. Forward some of the soldiers began to sing weird
minor melodies. Coleman, enveloped in his rues, smoked three or four
cigars. He was content and miserable lying there hearing these melodies
which defined to him his own affairs. . . " •
At dawn thev were at the little port, First, in the carmine and gray
tints from a sle : epy sun, they could see. little mobs of soldiers working
amid hexes of stores. And then from'the back in some .dun and green hills
=ounded a deep-throated thunder of .artillery. ■ An -officer gave Coleman and
his dragoman positions in one of the first boats, but of course.it could not
, be done without an almost endless- amount of palaver. Eventually they
landed with their traps. Coleman felt through the sole, of his ooot his
foot upon the shore. He was within, striking distance."
Rut here it was smitten into the head of Coleman's servant to turn. Into
the most inefficient dragoman probably in the entire East.- . Coleman dis
cerned it immediately, before any blunder could tell him. He a,, first
thought xhat it was the voices of the guns which had made a chilly inside
for the man. hut when he reflected upon the incompetency or childish
courier's falsity at Patras and his discernible lack' of sense from Agririon
' onward he felt that the fault was elemental, in his nature. It was a .mere
basic inability to front novel situations which was somehow In the drago
man- he retreated from everything difficult in a smoke of gibberish arid
gesticulation. Coleman glared at him with the hatred that sometimes
ensues when breed meets breed, but he saw that .this man was indeed a
golden link in his possible success. This man' connected him with Greec
and its language. If he destroyed him he delayed what was now' his main
desire! in life. However, this truth did not prevent him from addressing
the man in inelegant speech. . -.^ -. : -.
The two little men who wore Induced to carry Coleman s luggage as
far as th» Greek camp were really procured by the correspondent him
self who , mimed vigorously and with unmistakable vividness. Fol
• lowed bv his dragoman and the two little men he strode off along a road.
which led straight as a stick to where 'he guns' wore at Intervals boom
ing Meanwhile the dragoman and 'he two little men . talked, talked,
talked" Coleman was silent, puffing his cigar and reflecting upon the odd
! things' which happen to chivalry In the modern age. ■ ' ' ,--£■ ■'. ','
He knew of | iany men who would have been astonished if 'they could
have seen into his mind at that time and hi knew of many more men < who
would have laughed if they had th€ same privilege of sight-. He made no
attempt to conceal from himself that the whole .thing was romantic,
romantic despite the little tinkling dog, the decrenid- diligence, the palaver-.
fng natives the superidiotic dragoman. .It was fine'. It was- from another
age and even the actors could not- deface the. purity .of th.- picture. How
ever it was true that upon the brigantine the previous night he had un
acco'untably wetted all his available matches. This was momentous. Im
portant cruel truth, hut Coleman, after all. was taking— as well as he
could forget— a solemn and knightly joy- of this adventure, and there were
as manv portraits of his lady. envisioning -before him as ever held the heart
of an armor-encased young gentleman of medieval poetry. If he had been
traveling in th!« region as an ordinary tourist he would. have been apparent
mainlv for his loftv Impatience over trifles, but now there was inhirn a' j
, positive assertion of directions which was undoubtedly one of -the reasons
" for the desnair of the. accomplished dragoman. . \ Vf -• .
Before them the country slowly opened and opened, the. straight white
road always: piercing it like a lance shaft " Soon they could see black
rras*es of "men marking .the green knolls. The artillery thundered loudly
and now vibrated augusTly through the air: Coleman quickened his pace,
to the despair of the little men carrying the traps. They finally came un
with one of these black bodies of men and found It to be composed of a
considerable number of soldiers 'who w-otc idly watching some, nospitnl
people burv a dead Turk. The dragoman at once dashed forward to. peer
through the throng and see the face of the corpse. Then he came and
supplicated Coleman as if ho were hawking him to look at a relic, and
Coleman, moved by a strong, mvsterious impulse, went forward to look
at the poor little clav-eo]ored body." At that moment a snake ran out
frem a tuft of grass at his feet and wriggled wildly over the sod. The
dragoman shrieked, of course, but one of- the soldiers put his heel upon
the head of the reptile and it flung" itself Into the agonizing knot of death.
Then the whole crowd now-wowed, turning from the dead man to the dead
snake. Coleman signaled his contingent and proceeded along the road. ■
This Incident, this paragraph, had seemed a strange introduction to
war The snake, the dead man. the entire sketch, made him shudder of.
itself, but more than anvthintr he felt an uncanny symbolism. It was no
doubt a mere occurrence: nothing but art occurrence:. but Inasmuch as all
the detail of this dallv life associated Itself with Marjory, felt a differ
ent horror. He had thought of the little devil dog and Marjory In an In
terwoven wiv. Supposing Marjory had been' riding in the diligence with
the devil di a-top? What would she have said? Of her fund of:?xpres-
sions. a fund unaccountable, .which would she have innocently projected
against the background of the Greek hills? Would It have smitten her
nerves badlv or would she have laughed? And supposing Marjory could
have seen him in his new khaki clothes cursing his dragoman as he lis
tened to the devil dog? :^, "- •• . ■'.;
And now he interwove his memorv of Marjory with a dead mar, and
wit), a snake in the throes- of the end of life. Thev crossed. Intersected.
tangled, these two" thoughts He perceived It clearly; the. Incongruity, of
It He academically reflected uonn the mvsterles of the human mind, this
homeless machine which lives here and then there and often lives in two
or three opposing places at the same- Instant. • He decided that the Incident
of the snake and the dead man had no more meaning than the greater
number of the things whlch'happen to us In our daily lives. - Nevertheless
1 It bore upon him. -
On a spread of plain thev saw a force drawn no In a long line. It was
a flagrant ihkv streak on the verdant prairie. From somewhere near It
sounded the timed reverberations of • puns. »The brisk walk of the next
ten minutes was 'actually exciting to Coleman.' He could not but reflect
that those guns were being fired with serious purpose at certain human
bodies much like his own. • -. • '■:< ,l f " :'■■;:' '-."' "• '"■" -i' :
' •
.■•'.. 1 \ r Jy ) ' . v.- '•'■'■: •
As they drew nearer they saw that the inky streak was compoted of
cavalry, the troopers standing at their bridles. The sunlight flickered
upon their bright weapons. Now. the dragoman developed in one of his
extraordinary directions. He announced forsooth that .an intimate friend
was a captain of cavalry in this command. Coleman at first thought that
this was some kind of mysterious lie, but when he arrived where they
could hear the stamping of hoofs, the clank, of weapons and the murmur
of men, behold, a most dashing young officer gave a shout of joy and he
and the dragoman hurled themselves into a mad embrace. After "this Brat
ecstacy was over the dragoman bethought him of his employer, and iook
ing toward Coleman hastily explained him to the officer. The latter, it
appeared, was very affable indeed. Much had happened. The Greeks and
the Turks had been fighting over a shallow part of the river nearly oppo
site this point and the Greeks had driven hack the Turks and succeeded
in throwing a bridge of casks and planking across the stream. It was
now the duty and the delight of this force of cavalry to cross the bridge
and passim: the little force of covering Greek infantry to proceed "Into
Turkey until they came in much with the enemy.
Coleman's eyes di'ated. Was ever fate less perverse? Partly in
wretched French to the officer and partly in idiomatic English to" tho
dragoman . he proclaimed his fiery desire to accompany the expedition.
The oificer Immediately beamed upon him. In fact, he was delighted. The
dragoman had naturally told him many falsehoods concerning Coleman,
incidentally referring to himself more as a philanthropic guardian and
valuable friend cf the correspondent than as a plain, imviirzushed, dragro
"They Were Idly Watching Some Hospital People Bury a Dead Turk ''
man with an exceedingly good eye for the financial possibilities of his
position.
.. Coleman wanted to ask his servant if there was any chance of the
scout talcing them near Nikopolis, but he delayed being informed upon Ibis
point until such time as. he could find out secretly for himself. To ask ttii
dragoman would be mere stupid questioning, which would surely make the
animnl shy. He tried to be content that fate had given him this early
opportunity <>£ dealing with a medieval situation with some show of proper
form; that is to say, armed, a-horseback nnd in danger. Then he Could
feel that to the gods of the game he was not laughable, as when he rode
to rescue his love in a diligence with a devil dote yelping a-top.
With some Sourish the young captain presented him to the major who
commanded the cavalry. This officer stood with his legs wide apart eat
ing the rind of a fresh lemon and talking betimes to some of his officers.
The major also beamed upon Coleman when the captain explained that the
gentleman .in the distinguished looking khaki clothes wished to accom
pany- the expedition. He at once said that he would provide two troop
horses for Coleman and the dragoman. Coleman thanked fate for this
behavior, and his satisfaction was not %yithout a vestige of surprise. • At
thnt time he judged it to be a remarkable aminbillty of -inflividuals. but in
later years he came to believe in certain laws which he deemed existent
solely for the benefit of War correspondents. In the minds of Government?,
AVar Offices and generals they have no function gave ono of disturbance,
but Coleman deemed it proved that the' common .men, and many uncom
mon men, wh«-n they go away to the fighting ground, out of the sight, out
of the hearing, of the world known to them and are eager to perform,
feats Of war in this new place, they feel an absolute longing for a specta
tor. It is indeed the veritable coronation of this world. There Is not too
much vanity of the street in this desire of men to have some disinterested
fellows perceive their deeds. It Is merely that a man doing' his best In the
middle of a eea of war longs to have people see him doing his best. This
SUNDAY CALL.
feeling Is often notably serious if in peace a man has done his worst or
part of his worst, Coleman believed that, above everybody, young, proud
and brave subalterns had this itch, but it existed, truly enough, from lieu
tenants to colonels. None wanted to conceal from his left hand that nia
rlg w 'i alld was performing a manly and yaliant thing, although there
might be times when 'an application of the principle would be immensely
convenient. The war correspondent arises, then, to become a sort ot a
cheap telescope for the people at home; further still, there have been
fights where the eyes of a solitary man were the eyes of the world; oho
spectator whose business it was to transfer, according to his ability, his
visual impressions to other minds.
Coleman and his servant were conducted to two saddled troop horses
and beside them waited decently in the rear of the ranks. The uniforms
of the troopers were of plain dark green cloth and they were well and
sensibly equipped. The mounts, however, had in no way been picked;
there were little horses and big horses, fat horses and thin horses. They
looked the result of a wild conscription. Coleman noted the faces cf the
troopers, and they were calm'enough save when a man betrayed nimself
by perhaps a disproportionate angry jerk at the bridle of his restive horse.
The major, artistically drooping" his cloak from his left shouHer and
tenderly and musingly lingering his long yellow mustache, rode slowly to
the middle of the line and wheeled his horse to face his men. A bugle
called attention, and then he addressed them in a loud and rapid speech,
which did not seem to have an end. Coleman imagined that the major
was paying tribute to the Greek tradition of the power of oratory. Again
the trumpet rang out, and this parade front swung off into column
formation. Then Coleman and the dragoman trotted at the tail of the
squadron, restraining with difficulty their horses, who could not under
stand their new places in the procession, and worked feverishly to regain
what they considered their positions in life.
The column jangled musically over tho sod. passing between two hiils
on one of which a Greek light battery was posted. Us men climbed to the
tops of their fntrenchments to witness the going of the cavalry. Then the
column curved along over ditch and through hedge to the shallows of the
river. Across this narrow stream was Turkey. Turkey, however, pre
sented nothing to the eye but a muddy bank with fringes of trees back of
it. Jt Beemed to be a great plain with sparse collections of foliage mark
ing it, whereas the Greek side presented in the main a vista of high, gaunt
rocks. Perhaps one of the first effects of war upon the mind is a new
recognition and fear of the circumscribed alility of the eye. making all
landscape seem inscrutable. The cavalry drew up in platoon formation
on their own bank of the steam and waited. If Coleman had known any
thing of war he woutri have knewn, from appearances, that thero was
nothing in the immediate vicinity to cause heart -jumping, but as a mat
ter of truth he was deeply moved and wondered what was hidden, what
was veiled by those trees. Moreover, the squadrons resembled an old
picture of a body of horse awaiting Napoleon's, order to charge. In the
meantime his mount fumed at the bit. plunging to get back to the ranks.
The sky was without a cloud, and the sun rays swept down upon mem.
Sometime;? Coleman was on ihe verge uf addressing the dragoman, accord
ing to bis" anxiety, but in the end he simply told him to go to the river and
fi-U the canteens."
At last an order came and the first troop moved with muffled tumult
across the bridge. Coleman and his dragoman followed the last troop.
The horses scrambled up the muddy bank much as if they were merely
breaking out of a pasture, but probably aM the men felt a sudden tight
ening of their muscles. Coleman. in his excitement, felt, more than he
saw, glossy horse flanks, green-clothed men chumping in their saddles,
banging sabers and canteens, and carbines slanted in line.
There were some Greek infantry in a trench. They were heavily over
coated, desnite the heat, and some were engaged In eating loaves of round,
thick bread. They called out lustily as the cavalry passed them, The
troopers smiled slowly, somewhat proudly, in response.
Presently there was another halt and Cole-man saw the major trotting
busily here and there, while troop commanders rode out to meet him.
Spreading groups of scouts and flankers moved off and disappeared. Thvir
dashing young officer friend cantered past them with his troop at his
heels. He waved a joyful good-by. It was the doings of cavalry in actual
service, horsemen fanning- out in all forward directions. There weie two
troops held in reserve, and as they jangled ahead at a foot pace Coleman
and his dragoman followed them.
The dragoman was now moved to erect many reasons for an immediate
return. It .was plain that he had no stomach at all for this business and
that he wished himself safely back en the other side of the river. Coleman
looked at him ankance. When these men, talked together Oilman might
. as well have been a polor bear for all he understood of it. When he saw
the trepidation of his dragoman he did not know what it foreboded. In
this situation it. was not for him to say that the dragoman's fears were
founded on nothing-. And ever the dragoman raised his reasons for a rer
treat-. Coleman spoke to himself. "I am just a trifle rattled." he said to
his heart, and after he had communed for a time upon the duty of Bteadi
ness he addressed the dragoman in cool language. "Now. my persuasive
friend, just quit all that, because business is business, and it may be
rather annoying business, but you will have to go through with it."
Long afterward, when ruminating over the feelings of that morning, he
saw with some astonishment that there was not a single thing within
sound or sight to cause a rational being any quaking. He was simply
riding with some soldiers over a vast tree-dotted prairie.
Presently the commanding officer turned in his saddle and told the
dragoman that he was going to ride forward with his orderly to whero he
could see the flanking parties and the scouts, and courteously, with the.
manner of a gentleman entertaining two guests, he asked if the. civilians
cared to accompany him. The dragoman would havo passed this question
lncorrectly on to Coleman If he had thought he could have avoided it, but
with both men regarding him he considered that a lie probably meant in
stant detection. He spoke almost the truth, contenting himself with
merely communicating to Coleman in a subtle way his sense that a ride
forward with the commanding officer and his orderly would be a depress
ing and dangerous occupation. But Coleman immediately accepted the in
vitation mainly because it was the invitation of the major, and in jvzlt it
is a brave man who can refuse the invitation of a commanding orticer.
The little party of four trotted away from the reserves, curving in s-ingla
file about the water holes. In time they arrived at where the plain. lacked
trees and was one great green lake of" grass; grass and scrubs. On this
expanse they could see the Greek horsemen riding, mainly appearing as
little Mack dots. Far to the left there was a squad said to be composed of
only twenty troopers, but in the distance their black mass seemed to ba
a regiment.
As the officer and his guests advanced they came in view of what one
may call the shore of the plain. The rise of ground was heavily clad with
trees and over the tops of them appeared the cupola and part of the walls
of a large white house and there were glimpses of huts near it as if a
village was marked. The black specks seemed to be almost to it. Tho
major galloped forward and the others followed at his pace. The house
grew larger and larger and they came nearly to the advance scouts, who
they could now see were not quite close to the village. There had been a
deception of the eye precisely as occurs at sea. Herds of unguarded sheep
drifted over the plain and little ownerless horses, still cruelly hobbled,
leaped painfully away, frightened, as if they understood that an anarchy
had come upon them. The party rode until they were very' nearly up ivltn
the scouts, and then from low down at the very- edge of the plain there
came a long rattling noise, which endured as if some kind of grinding
machine had been put in motion. Smoke arose, faintly marking the posi
tion of an intrenehment. Sometimes a swift spitting could be heard from
the air over the party.
It was Coleman's fortune to think at first that the Turks were not
firing in his direction, but as soon as he heard the weird voices In the air
he knew that war yas upon him. But It was plain that the range was al
most excessive, plain even to his ignorance. The major looked at him and
laughed; he found no difficulty in smiling In response. If this was war it
could be withstood somehow. He could not at this time understand what
a mere trifle was the present incident. He felt upon his cheek a little
breeze which was moving the grass blades. He had tied his canteen in a
wrong place on the saddle, and every time the horse moved quickly th«
canteen banged the correspondent, to his annoyance and distress, forcibly
on the knee. He had forgotten about his dragoman, but happening to look
upon that faithful servitor he saw him gone white with horror. A bullet
at that moment twanged near his head and the slave to fear ducked in a
spasm. Coleman called the orderly's attention and they both laughed
discreetly. They made no pretension of being heroes, but they saw plainly
that they were better than this man. .
Coleman said to him: "How far Is it now to Nikopolls?" The drago
man replied only with a look of agonized impatience.
But of course there was no going to Nikopolis that day. Ths officer
had advanced his men as far as was intended by his superiors, and pres
ently they were all recalled and trotted back to the bridge. They croas«d
it to their old camp.
■ An important part of Coleman's traps was back with his Athenian
heroes and their groom, but with his present equipment he Could at least
He smoking on his blankets and watch the dragoman prepare food. But ha
reflected that for that day he had only attained the simple discovery that
the approach to Nikopolls was surrounded with difficulties.
CHAPTER X.
The same afternoon Coleman and the dragoman rod* up to Arta, ta
"Coleman Called the Orderly's ftttentioi)
and They Botb Laughed Discreetly."
their borrowed troop horses. The correspondent first went to the tele
graph office and found there the usual number of despairing clerks. They
were outraged when they found he was going to st:nd message* and
thought it preposterous that he insisted upon learning If there were any
Vfi the off:cefor him. They had trouble enough with endless official com
munications without being hounded about private affairs by a confident
young man in khaki. Hut Coleman at last unearthed six cablegrams which
collectively said that the .Eclipse wondered why it did not hear from him.
that Walkley had been relieved from duty in London and sent to join the
army' of the Crown Prince.that young Point, the artist, had been str'yped
to Greece, that if he (Colcmai i In finding ttv Wainwright party
tnepap<-r was prepared to make a tremendous uproa ebration ovr
It, and finally the paper wondered twice more why it did not hear from
him.
When Coleman went forth to inquire if anybody knew of the where
abouts of the Wainwrlght party he thought first of his fellow correspond
ents. He found most of them in a cafe where was to be had about the
only food in the soldier-laden town. It was a slothful den where even an
ordinary boiled egg i i ide unpalatable. Such a common matter
as the saH men watched with, greed asd suspicion as if they were always
about to grab it from each other. The proprietor, in a dirty .shirt could
always be heard whining, evidently telling the -world that he was being
abused, but. Me had spirit enough remaining to charge three prices for
everything with an almost Jewish fluency.
The correspondents consoled themselves largely upon black bread and
the native wines. Also there were c< rtain little oiled fishes and «ome H 'reen
odds and ends for salads: The correspondents were practically all 10ns-
Hshmen. Some of them were veterans of journalism in the Soudan in.
India, in South Africa: and then? were others who knew as much of war
as .th^y could learn by pitting at a desk and editing the London stock
reports. Some were on their own hook: some had horses and dragomen
nnd some had neither the one nor the other; many knew, how to write and
a few had it yet to learn. The thing in common Was a spirit of adventure
which found pleasure in the extraordinary business of seeing how men
kill each other.
They were talking of an artillery duel which had been fought the pre
vious day between the Greek batteries above the town and the Turkish
batteries across the river. Coleman took a seat at one of the long- tables
and the "astute dragoman got somebody in the street to hold the horses
in order that he might be present at any feasting.
One of the experienced correspondents was r-marking- that the fire of
the Greek batteries in the engagment had been the finest artillery practice
of the century. He spoke a little loudly, perhaps, in the wistful hope that
some of the Greek officers would understand enough English to follow his
meaning, for it is always good for a correspondent to admire the prowess
on his own Bide of the battlefield. After a time Coleman spoke in a lull
and describing the supposed misfortunes of the Wainwright party asked
if any one had news of them. The correspondents wer« surprised; thpy
had none of them heard even of the existence of a Wainwright party.
Also none of them seemed to care exceedingly. The conversation ;oon
changed to a discussion of the probable result of the. general Greek ad
vance announced for the morrow.
Coleman silently commented that this remarkable appearance of in
difference to the misiiap of the Wainwrights. a little party, a single group,
was a better definition of a real condition of war than that bit of long
range musketry of the morning. He took a certain dispatch out of his
pocket and again read it. "Find Wainwright party at all hazards; hiucfi
talk hei.e;- success means red fire by ton. Bclfptfe." It was an important
matter." He could imagine how the American people, vibrating for years
to stories of the cruelty of the Turk, would tremble— indeed, was now
trembling— while the newspapers howled out the dire possibilities. He saw
all the kinds of people, from those who would read the Wainwright chap
ters from day to day as a sort of sensational novel to those who would
work up a gentle sympathy for the woe of others around the table in tho
evenings. He saw "barkeepers and policemen taking a high gallery' thrill
out of this, kind of romance. He saw even the emotion among American,
colleges over the tragedy of a professor and some students.
Continued Next Week,
2526
VALUABLE RECEIPTS FOR THE HOUSEWIFE.
SAVORY DELICACIES
HOST EASILY '
\J> \J HV" A Iw' iH D
Coups.
Not until recently have the American
people realized the value of soups. Per
haps II is In imitation of foreign. methods,
perhaps the growing interest in dietetics.
Whatever it is, soups are here to stay, and
well-regulated tables are never without
them.
There are thin bouiis and thick soups.
Insipid soups and soups that are soups.
Thick soup's are the best, and are gen
erally well liked. ' • -. ■
Celery soup— Wash two heads of celery,
cut In small pieces and boil half of it with
the stock. Mix two heaping tablespoon
fuls of butter with three of flour. Brown
In a saucepan; arid one cup. of water, one
of chopped celery, one onion-. Strain stock
and pour over as much as needed.
Chicken gumbo, soup — Fry in butter six
sliced onions. Fry in the same in a
chicken cut In the usual way. When done
place all in a stock pot and cover with six
quarts of .water. Boil until the chicken
is tender. A'dd.on-e quart of tomatoes; boil
twenty minutes and then add three ears of
cut corn, tone ouart of okra;'.boll forty
minutes. Thicken with brown flour; pait
and pepper. Boil a few minutes longer
and then serve.
Carrot puree — Take six large- carrots:
peel and i.ice. P!ac,r in a saucepan with
a chopped onion and- two ' tablespoonfuis
of butter. Cover and. cook until soft.
Pour in three large cupfuls of hot stock;
Balt,:pepper and 'lioil ten minutes. Run
through a colander and serve with
croutons. ■
Green-pea puree— Boil one pint of peas
with one quart. of water, one-half a quart
of tomatoes and half of : a good-sized
onion. When the vegetables i'are soft run
through a colander and place on stove.
Season with salt and pepper; thicken with
two tablespoonfuls of butter and one of
flour. Boil until thick, adding a teaspoon
of sugar.
Potato soup—Peel and boil the required
amount of potatoes until done: mush well.
Place on stove and stir in ono quart of
milk and one cupful of cream.' Season
with salt and pepper. . • Ser.Ve with crou
tons.
Turkish soup— };oii one-half cup barley
In one cup of water In a double boiler un
til very soft. Press through a sieve and
add one quart of veal stock- and boil five
minutes. Beat the yolks of two eggs until
light and mix one-fourth cup of cream
with them. Add this to the' stock, with
sifted barley, stirring it briskly over the
fire for two minutes, but .do not let it
boil. Add salt and popper to taste and
serve at one- 4U| . '.
Puree of 1 i To a pint of
Ftew-d tomatoes add a
minced onion, a 1 : . lalt. a salt
spoonful of cloves, half a saltspodnful of
whit* pepper ai.<l a cup of water. Simmer
for twenty ml;. strain. Mell a
largo tablespoonful of butte.r and stir into
It a tablespoonful of tlotm Cook- a few
momPTits without browning; tlion add one
of hot cream .kk! stir till smooth.
To the tomato aiiri two tablespoonfuls of
boiled rice and a saltspoonful of soda; stir
well, then mix with irn* thickened cream
end strain at oncr> into the hot tureen,
fitrve with croutons.
o a lei as 'i
Salad is • the great American dish.
Americans far excel any other nation in
the preparation of this delicacy. German
salads are too heavy and English salads
are simply atrocious.' Salad, is as im
portant a course for dinner as soup r.nd
must be as carefully prepared. All salads
must harmonize; that : is, the food com
bined must harmonise. ' Fruit salads
should be served just before dessert— while
tomato, potato or. cucumber salads should
be served between the soup and meat or
vegetable courses.
Lettuce salad— Use only the inner' leaves
of crisp letauee broken apart, freshened,
shaken and drained. Arrange neatly in
shallow serving dish; pour over a French
dressing with chopped olives, garnish with
nasturium blossoms and .carry to table
at once. . ■ . ". - ••
Baked banana • — A variety of salads
could hi- prepared from this very com
mon ■fruit: " Po'el the hariana. roll ' lightly
in sugar, and place in a granite or por
celain pan. and- bake in a moderate oven
for twenty minutes. Dress with a sour
fruit Juice -thickened- to the. consistency
of cream by adding a little eprnstarch.
Cucumber «*ala'd— Put a heaping tea
spoonful of chopped spring onion . and
a level teaspoonful of salt Into thr°" pints
of cold water and. pet in a cold place;
after haif an hour strain and pour t*ie
liquid over neatly pared, even-steed cu
cumbers and stand in a cold place until
nearlj ready to -serve. Make a bed of
lum letaves in ;i Balad bowl; wipe
the cucumbers, slice virv thin on a soft
cloth t'i drain, then lay in the bowl and
pour ovei a French Crossing to which a
v'er> little of cayenne has-been add* I
Salmon' salad— Line a salad bowl with
or lettuce; on this p!acr what to
matoes were, left from breakfast and two
.'•■>. ill cucumbers sliced; then a cup of
flaked cooked fresh fi<<h. salmon preferred.
Sardines may he substituted for fresh
fish. Cove* with .«nlad dressing; tb-n
shake In one cup of nut meats or dot
with an orange.
Pint-apple salad— Carefully stir togethpr
• ari "f pineappple with Jpht parts
v. ■ . t salad dressing. ' Serve on a. gar
nish of lettuce leaves. Canned sliced
ipple and fresh pineapple nrf prc
le to shredded pineapple. "Whoa
r;inn"ii pineapple Is i -liould bo
taken t< drain the Juice thoroughly from
il: fruit.
Quail salad— Prepare a- plain French
■ dressing and put in It to marinade
foi an hour the flesh of two roast quails.
Having washed and picked carefully and
drained dry the hearts of two young I'lose
lettui • tear th larg nto four and
leave the small ones entire and put them
in a clay mixing bowl. Drain Lh quail
from Its dressing, mix It with the I :tuce,
two hard-boiled eggs eul small, mix
again, put Into the salad dish, mask with
a stm" mayonnaise and surround with
■ urling lettuce leaves. ■
Cream dressing — Thicken cream just
brought to a boil, Jn the proportion of a
cupful of croam with a rounding tnble
spoonful of butter Incorporated with the
same quantity of flour. When thickened
TABLE >t>k LUNCHEON
COtMaEriT.LV-t>A 11X
THE SUNDAY CALL.
pt>ur into a bowl ana Btlr Jn another
spoonful of butter, stirring until it cools.
Then season to taste with lemon Juice or
with cider vinegar, salt and pepper. Avoid
mustard, but, should you desire, add
finely chopped pickles or capers. This
makes a fine salad dressing for lettuce.
Sweet salad dressing— Run two rounded
tablespoonfuls of almond butter smooth
with two-thirds of a cup of water; add
two tablespoonfuls of sugar, one-fourth of
a teaspoonful of salt; cook as for sour
dressing and add two tableapoonfuls of
lemon juice. When a yellow color la de
sired with either the sweet or the sour
dressing have th<> beaten yolk of an egg
in a bowl, and just as you remove the
dressing from the fire pour over It the
egg, a little at a time, stirring well at
first. When the egg Is used a little less
water and more lemon Juice may be re
quired.
/f<w to Jet the
Aunch C^able
Correctly.
Th« table is set for. the meat count**.
The placing of knives and forks is the
same as for breakfast except that there
are two of each instead of 'one. The two
forks, berry spoon, broad and. butter plate
and shakers are on the left; two knivef
and water glass are on the right. Th«
Ralad or berry bowl is In front of the
place opposite the hostess. At the right Is
placed the tea sets. The carafe- and
cracker bowl, may be placed wherever de
eired. The incorrectly laid table is slight
ly exaggerated, but is no worse than
some that may be seen. If the cups .had
been placed upon th down-turned plate,
the dishes heavy, warranted-not-to-break
china, the table would look like one In a
railroad restaurant. It took longer and
jnore trouble to mix up the dishes than
ft did to set the table correctly in the
first place. The set Is Haviland china,
JTabU set bjr tfi» Emporium. ' - . .
TfIBLE FOR LUNCHEON -
INCORRECTLY LgID,A FAIR WEARER OF GOWN'S EXTRAORDINARY.
Jjc/^yUUH^llll^; . stop* Fop you. ||J<y <yl ITU- IL II ■j/
X V Z, Hollißter— Your life will be like
an April da/. You have a soft heart and
Borrow much for the sufferings of others.
You possess too much benevolence and
should cultivate indifference in order to
counteract it. Don't w.orry, but be cau
tious. You exert yourself too much for
people that do not appreciate your ef
forts. ' : C^: 1 'i.-i'-.'/^vc
MR. A., Stockton. Cal.— have an
adventurous hand, in which some troubles
are marked. Tou will experience some
dangers and a few slight accidents but
with all you will "scape serious difficul
ties. You are inclined to flesh and are
of a cheerful nature. You have not much
love for home and you will go a long
Journey soon. Avoid haste, otherVlse you
may meet with an accident.
MISS BRIDGET MALOKEY, San Fran
—You are born to wait for a time, but
your future is worth waiting for. Ac
commodate yourself to circumstances.
Your life Is full of incidents of importance
and all you need is a kind word to spur
you on. You possess an ardent nature,
but, you are too careless. You will be
very much courted. Good humor is one of
your Ftrong characteristics. ■■"■;> ,-
MISS ALICE G. L.INDEBERG— You
possess a sensitive, delicate organization;
are rather proud and somewhat vain and
fond of style and display. You are not
domestic and will travel a great deal,
which will prolong your life. You will
never be very strong, although you- are
active. you are the owner of a brilliant
Hr >* r JfeifrrT^^
ass
mind and ha\e> many romantic Ideas, and
your lite will be by no means prosaic
MISS L. BJAKM. Sacramento. cS.—
J our liand Phuwg a dHicate nature, with
much refinement. You are fond of music,
but have rather weak lungs and throat
Take plenty of exercise. You are Inclined
•to be suspicious and overcautious, you
bave quite a temper, and arc somewhat
Imaginative. You rarely follow out your
plans and spoil your thoughts by not ful
filling then. You have a somewhat un
comfortable nature and disposition;
change your tactics and you will be all
riKht. Don't lie moody; the sun shines
for us all. Adelante!
MRS. HOTKL. Oceidental^Your hand
lin« j s signify many change?. You have a
delicate organization and arc quick, de
termined and self-sacrificing. You are
also generous, polite, fond of luxury and
arr.lnble. You will enjoy your future bet
ter than you have the past.
MISS J. E. S.. San Franclpqo— You havo
the hand of a musician. You are thoueht
ful of .others, but very impatient. Your
health will he bettor as you prow older.
After your thirty-fifth year you will have
much better fortune than will be yours
previous to thnt date. You have a riohlo
nature, and there is much in the way of
development which will add to your fu
ture- success.
JOE RKKVBS— You are fond of "tak
ing chances" on almost everything:, but
should try to govern and restrain this im
pulse, as it sometimes leads to trouble-.
You can make your own future a happy
on< if you practice self-discipline.
MIBS E. M. G- Fifteenth street, City—
THE most stately flower In the the
atrical bouquet at present wafting
its charms over the Ban Francisco
footlights Is Miss Mary Van Buren.
Miss Van Buren has what Is called fn
greenroom technique *an "appearance."
She sets oft a scene. Which does not im
ply that Miss Van Buren Is simply a
stage "prop," designed for ornamentation
or to display the art of 'Mme. Cbapeau
or Mme. La Mode.
But with her histrionic ability Miss Van
Buren has a queenly beauty that is not
given to all of Eve's grandchildren. A
little fluttering ah! always escapes from
the ladles In the audience when she ap
pears. Men may admire beauty In the
proper environment of silks, velvets, laces
or whatnot, but It takes a woman to ap
preciate the details.
My lady In front of the footlights, how
ever, has no idea of the troubles of my
lady in back of the footlights. The nuis
ance of getting gowns for ordinary pur
poses Is hard: planning an extensive
wardrobe Is still harder; Hut the task of
the actress in a stock company is hardest.
If an actress plays one or ever half
In middle life yeu will find both pleasure
and pain, for you are born to make a
great many changes. You possess a great
desire for riches and will handle a great
deal of money. You are too careless, and
you procrastinate. Practice caution and
h< if-flt-nlal and follow reason and Ju4::
mer.t and you will be all ri^ht. You are
born to shine, and it is possible Tor you
to do 80 In the superlative degree jf you
will only follow your souiful side.
MISS M. F. 8., Fifteenth street. City—
You have a love of nature and are cheer
ful and inaginatlve, and will make long
strides in the way of future development.
You are restless and imaginative, and
your nerves will suffer. You are fond of
travel and •will travel a great deal tyth
South and East. Be careful about acci
dent, as many falls threaten you. Have
more confidence in yourself and you will
win in the battle of life.
MISS G. E. A.. Fifteenth street. City--
You have a splendid physique, a Jolly
good nature and very observing of the
requirements of your position or the ne
cessities of others. Don't bother about
trifles or draw too many inferences. You
have a generous, spontaneous, lo'vabl" na
ture and will be always up to date. You
will accept nothing unless you can return
It. You are not lucky in lottery. JJe
ware of thievish servants.
MR. G. 8., City— You possess great pen
etration and are very practical, though
you have a kind and gentle nature. You
chould believe more in yourself. You aro
charitably Inclined and very honest. Na
ture holds you greatly and you will study
and love art and science. You are not
fHE SUNDAY CALL.
a dozen roles during a season the task
of dressing the parts 1b not herculean.
But when each week means a change of
play It also means weary, dreary hours
at the dressmakers'. As many as four
different gowns are sometimes required
for one play. It would never do to wear
a gown that the public would recognize
as having served duty for another part.
Actresses not being sisters, or even first
cousins to gilt-edged Croesus, despite the
fabulous salaries which they draw in
print, make their gowns do double .and
even triple duty. Hut the dear public
never know it. Given half a dozen
gowns the problem of making six entirely
different looking gowns is successfully
grappled with. It is done by Ingenious
combinations.
One may have a model upon which the
dressmaker puts the brunt of the fittings,
but even so the drudgery of trying on
cannot be entirely avoided. Nor can all
be left to the taste of the dressmaker.
The play may require gowns of this, tnat
or the "other century. Dressmakers are
supposed to be just ahead of the times
and not versed in the styles of th« dead
past. The actress must explain her
"period" gov^s down to the minutest de
very domestic. At present no danger*
threaten you.
CHAMPION TOWN, CAI^., Mill Valley—
Your hand shows good nature and great
activity, but learning will come to you
mom through observation than through
hooks. Something new and enjoyable will
happen to you every day and your sym
pathy with people will gain you many
friends, though you arc susceptible and
somewhat visionary. Fortune will favor
you in your undertakings more than In
your speculations. Your marriage will be
happy and prosperous.
MR. H. T. BUSH. Weayerville— There Is
nothing much at the beginning- of life for
you. but later on there is a small loss in
fortune. Death has been very near you
once. You are very liberal-minded, prac
tical and methodical and unlike the ma
jority of your friends and relatives in
your strong views of the hereafter. Hard
work Is In store for you, but your inspira
tions and your receptive powers will aid
MISS ESTELLE V., Santa Clara Coun
ty—You are prone to go to extremes and
oftentimes act too hastily. Your consti
tution is .not robust. You wiJl have many
admirers, but will be hard to suit in
choosing a husbajid.
MRS. S. R.— You have been a burden
bearer all your life. You are a woman
of energy and business ability, and could
make a good living for yourself any
where.
TREVOR, Eureka— You have excellent
Inventive power and ability and would
make a splendid engineer, you have ao
tail. Even their modern g-owns ara usually
designed by the wearer and not the
maker.
Thia Is a matter of pleasure to the ac
tress with a small repertoire, but to one
in a stock company the gowns mean not
the least of the unspeakable toll which
such work entails.
Miss Van Buren's gowns have a dis
tinctive air that proclaims her mastery
of the art of clothes. Her gowns look
as though they were made for her Indi
viduality and not like haphazard crea
tions for any careless purchaser.
Her court gown worn in "Mme. Sans
Gene," of white satin, filmy embroidered,
chiffon, pearls and rich robe of velvet ant
ermine, is one of the handsomest stag,
gowns ever seen here. In black velvet
Jet and picture hat Miss Van Buren is
more than beautiful— even majestic. In
the white lace gown with its elegant sim
plicity she is deliriously feminine. Miss
Van Buren is equally charming in a Btreet
costume of fawn cloth, trimmed in black
lace, with a chic black tulle hat to com
plete the effect.
Miss Van Buren is a true American
beauty— a lineal descendent of President
Martin Van Buren. ,
acvNe mind and not much love of home,
and you do not think much now of mar
riape. but eventually you ■will marry and
settle down. You aid broad in your Ideas
anfl bold In everything 1 , but not practical.
Apply yourself more to study wnich will
lead to a higher Bphere. You will be a
self-mada man.
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. <s«raaTa,
scientific palmist; reading-, by mall. II; otto*
hours l to 8 p. m. 616 Geary it., above Joamt
aIAJUMbV
2728
Here^fs tbe ©ni£ Bumboat TOcman on tbe Coast
THE only bumboat woman on this
coast toils hard on the water
front through the long hours of
the day to the lonely midnight
ten. And then she takes the
last car home. '
She has walked through thirty years
of her life's busy calendar, over pre
cisely the same rough and cheerless
path, and always takes the last car
home. The strange, • unpoetical story
of her life is filled with the patient, un
tiring devotion of a mother's love,
whose sacrifices are as human as they
are eternal, and she makes them for
the child she bore.
Mrs. Burns is the bumboat woman,
and her daughter Mary is the child.
The mother's sacrifice will have Its re
ward; her daughter has been gradu
ated at the Notre Dame Convent, and
iiext fall she will go to Europe to fin
ish her musical education. The daugh
ter she has slaved 'for will enjoy the
ndvantagos denied to herself.
This longshore woman •is the most
Industrious woman In San Francisco.
and the most eceonomical. By dint of
energy and unequaled frugality she
has accumulated- a small fortune— all
made by peddling at ,the water front.
She now owns some of the most desir
able property In this city, and the
deeds are recorded in the daughter's
name. *•■./
This bumboat woman Is now nearlng
her three-score of years, and thirty of
them she has. spent walking "up and
down the water front carrying her
market basket of merchandise and en
treating the sailors from morning until
night ■th "Please buy." ■
The register at old St. Mary's Ca
thedral In this city records the follow
ing marriage by .Father Hickey, on
July 23, 1S71:
<i .£<s<§,<§>.<«> ■<B><3><^<§><f>-<3><s><3>.s..§><sv<«>
# <?>
<v> JOHN BURNS. ■?>
<•> Native of Ireland, ■ ' <♦>
<♦> United In Holy Matrimony to «>
<*> BRIDGET HICKEY; ■«>
«• Daughter of Mary Miles and ' —<&
<*> James key, SSEjlPlssi^
€> •?>
<s> «-♦<§><s •£•<?■ «"3> <$•♦<»♦ <3><S> <B><s> .♦
Back of this marriage there is yet
another :ale. §S3!S%j| "' : -'.'-' '■'■ .'". ■■■■; .•■-•''•'
Bridget Hickey was the merriest col
leen uf the whole of County Tippemry,
and she spent the happiest days of .her
girlhood on her father"^ farm — a farm
that bordered on the bog of Allen. -\ ;
'. One day she. carried noggins of goat
■ ._
Tfitei'estfn? Manner ?n which a uobster
Sheds h?s SheTT.
. • ■
*y^( i,i. young lobjsters change their
f Bhell or moll several times a
r~"~ year," said the Fulton Market
>• denier, "and. as they grow older
: •* the change takes place less fre
quently. Unlike other deep-sea
' animals, the shell of the lobster does not
. grow with the body, therefore nature pro r
: vided them with clothes which they could
■throw, off when they begin to fit too
quick.- • ■ .
>' "I. had long desired to witness one of
: these operations of' the toilet,' but I had
■been unable to procure a lobster that was.
"I rot too far advanced to -be of any use,
; "when one day a specimen was -brought to
j my place of business that, judging from
■< -"rile actions, had reached the conclusion
: that his old suit was becoming too Bmali
■ ' and a new one was necessary. When
placed on a table he Immediately .turned
: over on his back, and at intervals of per
.-. liaps five minutes a shudder ran through
■ his entire body, even to the tips of his
"claws and legs: but the. closest examlna
' tion. failed to reveal any trace of the'part
li c of the. shell which I had observed m
.•eppelmens that were farther advanced.'
■•. : -"From his size and weight— he was
•"rather small — I thought' that the -shed-
..'.'ding process which was about to take'
.place would be the first that he had un
dergone, so I determined to — the whole
operation through. I accordingly carried
.-•him home and placed him in the aquar
-.lum. A? soon -as he was in the water .he
• 'trade a dash- for some shrimps which
■.were Tn a corner of the tank. After driv
ing them away he made an effort to get
. Into an aperture formed by some stones
.-■that I had placed in the same corner but
■which was far too small to allow him to.
'feet in.
• -.' "After several futile attempts to force
' hJs body through the opening he turned
;over on his back, and the shudders which
• liad been so noticeable, downtown' began
Hgain. These continued all night, and in
'■the, morning I found my lobster appar
•pntly In his last agonies. -He lay on his
; backhand rubbed his legs convulsively to T
yjßether as If in intense pain, and then he
wrjggled about' and jerked himself vio
"- leiltiy upward by means' of bis tftil.- I
.• 'suppose that these operations had as their
• 'object the . loosening of the claws and
.MmJoB in their sheaths, but at that time I
Icared that he was in his' death throes.
"The spasms continued for an hour or
' inqre, and efforts, were apparently made to
burst the shell open from the inside. A
Condition of the Lobster at the End of the r»st|
Day of the Chanalna Process. [
milk to the gay and noisy haymakers,
and trilled Irish ballads as she passed
along.
There was a stranger who listened
nlsir, and after she had finished he told
her of that wonderful Eden. Califor
nia, where money was plentiful and
voices like hers were rare. The next
year, 1868, the peasant girl sailed for
California all alone to .try h^r fortune
in that wonderland of the West.
The streets were not paved with gold,
and she found voices as sweet as her
own, which required money to culti
vate it.
It was the beginning of a life as suc
cessful as It has been exceptional; for
It began in California's palmy days,
when the weight of the nuggets and
gold dust overbalanced in payment the
worth of the articles, Just because a
woman sold them.
Fortune smiled upon her efforts;
shipping became more prosperous, and
the sailors patronized her liberally.
The bumboat woman invested her
earnings in real estate, her property
increased in value, and a glorious pros
pect shone upon her life. She might
yet obtain the education she had
courted.
Thon she met her fate. It was a
case of love at first sight: and so she
became a bride in 1871. Her happiness
was short lived, for she was left a
widow when her daughter was a babe.
P rhaps more men take off their hats
to this bumboat woman than to any
other woman in San Francisco, but it is
because — she is crosseyed. There are
still some tars remaining who remem
ber even to-day the dire disasters that
befell ship and crew when this form of
exorcising the hoodoo was neglected.
It If said that she was the last person
who left the gangplank of the ill-fated
Colima, and that the sailors in their
superstitious fears drew back pantc
rtricken, with the cry. "Oh, she'li sink;
we'll never touch land again!" If hers
is the first form in the morning to
darken the door of a water-front sa
' ton, the proprietor exclaims: "It's all
off— might as well shut up shop; no
luck to-day."
But, despite her uncouth reception.
noth . mts her spirit for gain. She
carries home the refuse from the free
lunch counter, even to the bones, for
grinds them for her chickens. She
3 up potatoes and pieces of scant
from the dock and carries them to
her home on Alabama street.
a neat little cottage with
■ Minds— a home to which
no visitor i: i \t ;• admitted.
"In and out, in and out. like a shuttle
In the loom," she darted from place to
pi;:<' .1. only when holßtpronn
faint line, hardly ; ereeptlble at first, made
its appearance, running fr m the head
down the comer of the back, and after
each convulsion became; road Gradu
ally the head piece began to break close
to the shell of the ba'ek, and -as. each break
r;rn from the starting point on top of the
nock the lobster. after considerable vio
lent effort; suddenly withdrew his head
from its covering, leaving the larger part
of his eyes in the headpiece, "which hung
from the' shell as if it were hinged.'
"After the labster had succeeded in the
division of bis head he was apparently in
a very exhausted state, for he remained
very quiet for a couple of hours and paid
no attention to the shrimps, which were
swimming close to him. When the, couple
of hours had elapsed I began to think the
operation had been too much for the lob
ster aijd that he was dead, but the shud
ders suddenly began again, followed by
more wriggling and struggling, then the
line # which I had noticed the first thing In
the morning broadened out until the shell
down the entire length of the back had
split 6pen.
"The '■ : st< r gradually squeezed his
left shoulder out of Its armor by ;t series
of hunches, arid after this one was tree
the right one quickly followed I] I ■
manner, the divided shoulder shells, which
now looked like open clam shells, hanging
from the under part of the body. The op
eration looked so extremely painful and
exhausting that more than once 1 th iught
of -offering my assistance.
"At this Btage of the operation the lob
ster pres< nted a very que< r appearance,
the h< ad and should) rs oui of the. or
shell .-md i the top of it. while
the only part of the body that remained
Inclosed was the comparatively long and
Inflexible tail.
"Evld< ntly he had concluded that he had
done enough for the day a/id that be need
me recuperation before he began the
task of squeezing the balance of his body
out of "its casing, and lay quite still from
late in the afternoon until late the next
morning. I was puzzled as to the- manner
In which he would escape from the •
which covered the tail, as they Joined to
r only at the sides and telescoped
into each other, and wondered whetj i
separate operation would be necessary
for each one. I therefore watched him
closely, not wanting to miss any part of
the operation.
"He concluded his long rest In the morn
ing by a repetition lT f the shudders, which
developed into convulsions, unlike those
voices reached the sidewalk and told of
possible customers. Where the music
was the loudest, there she remained the
longest for she found the biggest crowd.
I walked sometimes ahead, some
time? behind her. until she reached
Jackson street. Then I said. "Didn't
they buy anything?"
"Och— it's a bad night. There's no
Bhippin', and there's no money from
the. poor Bailors. They hain't got
enough, they hain't got enough to
spend on liquor. I can't blame them for
taking a drop— it's a bad night and I
wouldn't be out here if I didn't have to
be— sun- now, that I wouldn't. This is
all I've taken In to-day."
She thrust her horny hand Into the
folds of her bedraggled skirts and
clutched tightly some loose pieces of
silver.
She counted them over to herself.
"Th. ic. now:" she exclaimed. "Just
think of that— only 45 cints and been
on my feet all day at that."
"And youjj lunch out of that, too." I
Interrupted. "Well, that Is too bad. I
think 1 will buy something."
"God bless you, good lady, come
under the light and thin you can see
what you're buyin 1 ."
She hugged the basket to her wiry
figure with delight at the prospect o"
making a dime, and stopped under the
light of a street lamp whose rays were
sufficient for the analysis of her face.
The upper half suggested "I'll Ret." and
the lower half said "I'll keep."
This, then, is the secret of her suc
cess.
She fumbled the goods over In her
basket like a ribbon clerk on bargain
day. Handkerchiefs, socks, combs,
elastic and pins, talking all the while.
"It's purty hard for a woman old
like me to be doin' this, but I'm
not complainln' about the people,
for it's the best city in "the world for a
woman to be makin' a dacint livin'.
Times are hard now, sure, but when
the Bhippin' picks up a bit, then I'll be
doin' better. I'm gettin' old and stiff
now and ain't so lively as I used to be.
These handkerchiefs are pure linen,
every thread — take on*'? Three for two
bits."
And as I left her she was saying. In
her purring, Tipperary tone. "Me bless
in's on the path ferninst ye, darlint.
Faith, there's an angel at the other end
o 1 it."
In all probability this bumboat
woman will work until the eve of her
voyage to Europe with her daughter.
Meanwhile, she will toil hard on the
water front through the long tcdloxs
hours df the day to the lonely midnight
watch, and take the last car home.
ANNABEL LEE.
previously experienced in that instead of
starting fr.>rn the head they were reversed
so that the body seemed to shrink from
the tail. This was varied occasionally by
a sort of a jump, which was effected by
the lobster doubling his tail under him
springing up in the water.
"Presently the shell nearest the head
split on 'the left side near the body and
opened about an eighth <>f an inch. An
other convulsion, followed by a jump, and
the second she!! split. This part of the
opt ration, which reminded me somewhat
of a dance thai had its origin in this coun
try at the World's Fair, was repeated un
til all the shells were loosened on the left
side. The lobster once more began the
squeezing process, and after half an
hour's hard work finally got clear of the
shell cr.'.irely. lying down by its side for
a rest which lasted for thn c days.
"The shell looked much the smaller
of the two, and save that ii was mo
tionless, might have been taken for a
live and healthy crustacean in full
dress. The naked lobster did not look
at all like his old self. If is colors' were
so bright as to suggest that he had
been parboiled, and he had the tender
appearance of human flesh from which
the skin had jusi b< en removed.
"I took out the shell, and upon ex
amination could hardly believe that
the former tenant bad squeezed but of
It, so small was the orifii c through
whfch he had come. Not only had 1 he
the major i > h r t <>f his eyes, but also
the lining of his stomach, including his
internal teeth and some of the bones of
his thorax; yet he seemed to be little
worse for the thorough turnout. I
touched him and found that, although
quite soft. !;•• was covered with an in
cipient shell iif the approximate solidity
of oiled tissue. " That he did not like
to be touched was made apparent by
his efforts to get away from my hands.
"During the three following days the
shrimps worried him to a considerable
extent: but he grew with marvelous rapid
ity until he was fully half as big again
as he had i een, and when i once more
touched him the shell on his big claws'
was sufficiently hard to give me a spite
ful nip.
■'Since the operation which I have just
described took place I have witnessed
several more big lobsters go through
the same process. They have var-'ed
slightly "as to the length of time which
th-y took to accomplish the change but
in every other way rh^ mode of splitting
the slrell and squeezing their bodies out
has been identical. RAYMOND BELL"
The Following Evening the Body Shells Entirely Split
and the Convulsions of the Large Claws Beaan.
THE SUNDAY CALX.
I Immediately After He Had Escaped From I
1 the Old Sbell and Is Quite Exhausted J
Mrs Burns, the Bumboat Woman.
fls the New Shell Began to Harden on tfoe Day After the
. Sheddina Was Finished, and the Old Shell by Its Slda/Ifo^ lE.tpetience as a ©perator =#-
A SUrj-sy C £^ obtains . $m-
FTofeirien* £s a " H^TTo girt" tp|"
o^r- to ti*y the ■n€ ifl Vs-Wsa! Tns .
Tabs* and study ths TtV^s of ths
cp^atoi-s Wl"itTs at the™ Wc^.
By Marian iOest.
£"T>fHE telephone building does not look
like a sweat shop. A Sweat shop
A ?weat shop
usually means low ceilings, v.o win
dows snd foul-smelling air, the hud-
X clicd heap ef human beings occupy
ing one-half the sanitary, space that
should be allotted per/person.
A sweat- shop, moreover, means long
health-breaking hours at wages thai
breed Fin : and crime and dishonesty
Ceaseless toil at starvation pay is tht
sweat shop master's motto.
There are mental sweat shops where
mind is tortured at expense of body. [Un
der this class come? the telephone office.
I know whereof I speak. I have sperr
or\o week of my life in the telephone, of
fice. For four, days and three nights '.
lived the life of the hello girl.
The telephone office does not stoop t<
the first requirement of a sw.eat. shop. "Th<
rooms are largo, light anp-well ventilated
Put the hours ar,d the wages are those o
the sweat sliep. By avoiding the sti grm
btta^heu to the first it escapes the, calum
ny that would be heaped upon the second
Sweat shops axe usually located in th<
by-ways. They shun the observing rye*
of the curious or charitable! Trie tele,
phone orHce.3 meet the passer-by boldly ir
principal thoroughfares. Tht .main office
en Bush street, in imposing disguise ol
brick and stone, defies detection' as j
sweat shr-p. - •
The master of the telephone compnn\
courts visitors. Some of his subscrib
ers receive ...... to go
through iht- telephone building and ' ex-:
amin. the workings of the system; The
bujldir.s leaves nothing* to be desired in
the matter of cemfo: liibie conveniences,
ar.d gives no opportunity for criticism.
There are twu questions, ho-v.-over, which
the pleasant* official; who. is taking, you
through, will avoid.- He will keep you sc
interested in other things that you' may
not think of asking them. He .will walk
you up and. down the long roorri ' where
the operators sit at their -boards. -He will
let you listen to them say "Number?"
tften deftly place the plug and give the
switch, lie will tell you anything you
choose to ask about the intricacies oi
making a switch.
He will take you down- to ' the roorr.
where "Sunset." by the turn of her hand
makes it possible for people hundreds o:
miles apart to speak to each' other, lit
will explain to you how this is accom
plished. He will escort you to the bis
lunch rciom, where the company provide!
a luncheon far the girl 3, and into the sit
ting room, attractive with its restful, eas\
chairs. -
Then you may happen to . ask these
questions: "What hours do the girls
have?" and "What pay do they receive?'
If you do. to the first interrogation th*
officer responds: "Oh. their hours are' a
different; they are coming and going al
cay. To the second he says: "They arc
paid according to their ability' as oper
ators — advanced as they improve." .
You leave the official imbued with th«
idea that the life of the telephone girl
must be almost as., pleasant as -that, of tht
harp players x>t heaven. You haven't
found out what hours the girls have nor
what pay they receive,- but if. you give it
a second thought you will feel sure that
a company which seems to provides*) wei
for the comforts of its employes, doubtless
has a fair schedule of working hours ant
it. just pay roll.' . ;
Which two things the telephone com
pany has not. -These are the rocks upor
which the company founders judged frorr
the humanitarian standpoint. The . tele
phone company criminally overworks tht
girls and' shamelessly underpays them. 1
pay this in the fullness of a seven-days'
working knowledge among them. I went
into the telephone company unbiased and
without malice aforethought. ■
A wave of sympathy i"oi- the telephone
girl has followed in the wake of the .re
cent suicides. It was not until several
girls sought death by the poison route
tnet the popular feeling toward the tele
phone girl c hanged. Her cause is being
ihampiuiicd, but,' alas:' neitner wisely nui
well.
'I nese are the main facts with which thfl
champions assail the company. The teua
phor.e- girls must wear either black or
blue drt-tfs-es. If they wear shirt' waists
they must be white. Color is taboo.cd.
'i he tele-phone gins cannot speak to each
other wmle working. They cannot say
one wora more ti:un Is absolutely acces
sary to the subscriber. They are un<Jef
the constant - surveillance of the chief
operators. The spy system -makes their
lives miserable.
These are the main complaints wliie-h
yell-meaning citizens are carrying to the
company. The.se are the harrowing rea
sons, couched ir: plausible phrase*, which
are set forth as the causes of. suicide
among the telephone girls.
Small wonder that the telephone ?om
Scerje From "Clover," tb« New Comic Opera at t >c Grand Opcra-rjouse.
pany is cackling, up its ample eve at
such agitation. There isn't a person of
tare .i'.Mgnient who could upun sob°r re
flection condemn the company for any o.f
the aforementioned rules. "A ten-minute
introduction .to. the- telephone stem will,
convince normal intelligence that they are
necessary. •.. ■
"Yes but th.ese.nre the things the -fdrls
complain of." say the agitators. So they
do. of these and twice- as many more
necessary evils. And every one is so busy
hunting, for the motes that no one marks
the beam. :. : •
There Isn't any r.eed of tiiting at wind
mills. ; It doesn't help the telephone, girl
nor harm the company.- "Central" is
abused. "Central", rioes develop melan
cholia. ' "Central's" thoushts do turn sui
cide-ward,- nor always stop at the deed. ■
There is one unnecessary reason for this
state of .iffairs. It's because ■•.■••
1= worked far beyond the rrMiirancc'nf
the average girl . Body find brain cannot
stand it. It's fag— physical and mental
fag--th'p.t drives the telephone girl to the
rbrink of death and sometimes- over it.
It's that which drives^ them, to the shnir.e
rind despair of worse Mian death.
It is inrpossible to get into tlif "tele
phone- office without more or • loss in
fluence. Some one has to pull a wire for
you or it is cut of the question. "Some
one" may pimply be a friend of a friend..
etc.. or he may be a real" i body."
The "somebody" who did the act for me
occupies a corner in the financial world
iird n niche in the world political. Tne
magic; of his name signed to'- my letter
of introduction was. an "open • sesame"
that .swung wide; the; doors lending into
the office of Mr. Glass,, who employs all
operators. ■ •■ '.-';.- ' ■ -::■■:'
A boy in uniform had; to make several
exits »i"d -entrance? before I could stand
i.n the rotund presence of Mr. Glass— for
lie didr.'t ask me to. be seated. He was
very pleasant 1 telling me that they turned
away hand eds of girls and had a long
waiting iist. but he would make an- es
pecial effort in my case to give me im
mediate employment. He looked it me
rather sharply and was -evidently going
to ask seme question* 'when hi? eyp asrain
fell on the signature of the'letter. . "You
need no further recommendation." be
said, as I bowed myself. "out; Three days
later I received- a r.ote tilling- me to re
port for duty.
Th' first ■ day that I spent in the
telephone office I shaU always remem
ber as 'one 'of the b'lnck-lettt r 'unpleas
nt days in- my calendar. I lived in
constant terror. of " meeting an- acquaint
ance who would reveal . -that I was
there under- an assumed name. This
would; bring r.dlum u;>on the benefactur
to whem I owed the opportunity of work
ir,g in .the telephone office at a salary of
r.il for. two weeks and ?2>Va month there
after. ' ■
I was assigned- to SunFe*. office, which
has its own room in the big building. 1
came at S in the morning and was al
lowed to use the el/-vator. For some in\
fathomed reason .the- company allows »he
girls to. ride in th»" elevator if. they go up
during the early morning hours. At ;:!1
other times, -up or down, they "must fr->t
the two • marble and four rubber flights
cf stairs. -:::.•:..- . ■
The chief operator gays.me a cap and
a seat. . My solo .... day was to
listen to the' operator next to me in pr>ler
to. learn the method of answering a sub
scriber. At 12 o'clock I had half an hour
for lunch.' There, were about thirty cirls
in the lunclr room, where ted: beans.- br.; ar]
and butter were placed, on heaping platters
by the; matron. A number of girls hart
brought ■ additions, to -rill nut the' menu
offered by the company. But there aae
plenty- to eat and it was of the best
quality: . . " ■ . " .
"Lucy is taking a 'bath' grail I -lay."
I heard a girl to -the right cf me say.
■'She takes Cne down here every we;cfc.
They can't have a bathtub at home.' I
should think she'd be ashamed to adver
tise the' fact by using these."'
• ".These" are six porcelain tubs with lioi
and cold ... re at the disposal of
the girls. It is a thoughtful convenience,
for the bath is an immediate antidnte
p.gainst "that tirod feeling." I d!sco\>'
t-re<l that the girls rather resented ihr
bathrooms, regcrdirs; then as insinua
tions against their hora< > comforts. That
which they miscall "pride" prevents them
from using them and calls forth disparag
ing, remarks about those who do make it
a habit.
At 3 oVlock I was giy^n a ten-minute
recess, which I spent in the sitting-room.
Two or three girls were; standing $ before
a bulletin beard. "Have you read this?"
asked one. "O, I beg pardon. I thought
it was Grace."
I told them that I was in Sunset office,
and they immediately- introduced them
selves and plied me with questions and
advice.
"You want to watch this bulletin." said
one. "You can always find cut why the
last girl was dismissed. They write the
ruie which she has broken on here as a
warning." ;■ V
"It will take you ■•:■ weeks to learn if
you're quick." said another. "That's the
time most girls need. Really, though, it
takes a year to make a good operator,
doesn't it. girls? Well, my recess is up.
I must go."
So was mine, and I went back to "Sun
set" office, to 'llt.' cap that irritated me,
the receiver with Its film of sickening
moisture, and the siience ... galled.
There isn't any denying that it is "hard
not to be allowed to speak. But there
Isn't any denying that this stringent rule
is necessary to ha-ve good telephone ser
vice. Thfre isn't any dqub* that gowns
of sober hue look iar better than the
motley assortment of shoddy finery that
would surely crop up were it not for this
rule. . ..
The two chief -operators I thought un
necessarily "bossy." They gave their
orders or asked questions in strident, ag
gressrve voices that rasped. Several
times 1 took off m;. cap to wipe out the
moisture. "You'll have to stop that,"
said one of the "ladies"— which title the
chief operators have earned by right of
might.
Late in the afternoon one of the
"ladies" called out a name in a voice that
menaced ill ... .... Twice she
repeated it, the second me ■ with uglier
Inflection, Then I realized that it was
my adopted name. • ■
"You can go now. it is five. Come to
morrow night at 9:3o, ''and be sure that
you -are en time." : ' : -
1 had .expected, from her tone, to be
sent to Coventry, instead it was the signal.
ungraciously given, that my day's work
was over. I had been in the office nine
hours with thirty minutes for luncheon
and ten minutes recess. -Every nerve in
my body was crying for rest. The' con
stant-strain of fitting erect, keeping the
eyes glued straight ahead, and the ears
attuned, exhausts beyond belief.
At !t:3O the next night I was again at
the board. Through shifting my tim^ thus
I had gained an unusual rest. Until 12
o'clock we worked under the same rigid
rules that he!<f good during the daytime.
At VI the chif f operator left and one of
the regular operators took charge. We
were now allowed to talk to our neigh
bors. From 12 until 5 in the morning
Sunset is rarely busy.
It was torture for me to keep awake.
The hours seemed days. At 5 in the morn
ing; however, the frultmen began calling
for numbers. - and their Dago-Frahcy-
Hlpr'ano-Americano . kept me on the
guess and awake. At <:30 we parted, a
band of hollow-eyed girls iookir.t; ghastly
In the sickly morning sun that struggled
through the fog. -•";;.
The next night only the thought that
I would be allowed to' mak* my first
switch made me re-turn to the oij-c-r. it
was impossible for mi- to interchange the
sleeping and making hours of years'
habit: 1 had tried to sleep during the day
without success, A severe cold and a
violent headache made life seem anything
but pleasant.
1 had been there perhaps half an hour
when the chief operator ordered mi to
take off my ribbon stock. In a mument of
l orgetf utness ; l had put on a pate blue
ribocn with my t:?.ck gown. " -.
I meekly tool it off and straightway
commenced to sneeze. To a polite request
to be permitted to replace the ribbon, I
was informed ... l had no business
wearir::; a colored ribbon and that. It was
mv own funeral if 1 caught my death cf
cold. 1 ask d thai I be allowed to go
down to the lockers and _■:]... black
boa. "You can get 'it p.x. your recess;
you'll stay where ycui are now," was the
reply.
I made two switches that night and was
beginning to understand the system— oven
to recccnize some ■•..■■ of out-of
town Sunset offices.
I . left the office in the morning with
the two girls who were my right and left
hand neighbors. As we turned the corner
a man accosted me. He looked and «puke
like a gentleman, pretended to have made
a mistake, and then urgently invited us
to breakfast.
We hurried on. "It's a wonder you
didn't want to go, Alice," said the other
girl. Alice was a be-curled creature of
THE SUJNUAT CAJjIi.-
the sort who would make tweet eyes at
Caliban.
"Pshaw.!" replied Alice; "I'm on to
them. Some one's been talking about me.
That's one of the company's spies. I'll bet
my hat. I know I've seen him some
where." • ■tVK'^ 'Yv- ■
The next afternoon I went down to the
office to ask to be put on the day force,
for I could not stand the night work. 1*
was told if I couldn't stand the work
there were others who could. One of the
girls In the lunch room suggested that 1
see Miss Sheridan. Miss Sheridan ie a
"real lady," quoth my informant, who evi- .
dently thought otherwise of the ladies >
officially called chief operators.
Miss Sheridan, traffic manager, Is one of
the most charming women I have -ever
met. She is loved and respected by all
the telephone girls. A woman, tall and
stately, in a position that bespeaks at
least thirty-five years, she looks scarcely
twenty-five. A sweet gracioueneas and
rare sympathy cling to her every word
and act, •
In diverse ratio as Miss Sheridan is
liked, co is Miss Kennedy disliked. I did
not during my week's experience- have a
personal encounter with Miss Kennedy.
I saw her once or twice, and must con- •
fe.ss that I was repelled by her. It is
Miss Kennedy's duty to lis*?n over the
line. If she wills she can hear any or
every operator. She immediately reports
the slightest infraction of the rules on the
part of the operators. Nine out of ten
operators lope their positions through
Miss Kennedy's report. The doors of the
telephone company are forever bolted and
barred to b dismissed operator.
It Is unfortunate ' but necessary, that,
the comDanv use the "listening" method.
Unfortunately there Is no mechanical de
vice • A human
agent must be- employed. Miss.Keni
position naturally brings un]
\Vbethi-r si E aside from her task.
deserves the feeling which exists, I did
not discover.
An hour after I spoke to Mips =>hendan
I was again called to her office and
told : -^ on the day force
commei - the morrow, which meant
t hat I ■ ' that
night rt the following morning
*t 11 1».
I worked that night, again making a
switch. In the morning I went out for
brpakfa*'. ard rame back to the office im-
mediately. At 11:30 the matron woke me
frnm a ilu >l sleep and I reported to the
local rocm to which I had been changed.
Here there were new and different details
to be learned. The room was much larger
than that of "Sunset" with more than
twice as many operators. One long table
was devoted to the "800"— a dozen girls,
and the chief "800" a pink-cheeked
goiflen-haired maiden.
I worked untli Sunday night. I now
felt partly initiated and thoroughly un
derstood the workings, though I manipu
lated clumsily. My hours, nine in all.
were from 11:30 until 9:30. On Sunday
night I told them that I would not re
turn again.
It la only by actual experience that one
can realize trie health-breaking work of
the telephone girl. I should never have
believed it without going through it my
self. Scarcely a day passes that some
girl does not faint at her work.
The telephone system requires peculiar
-wearing labor. Mr. Sabin requires
one girl to suffer nine hours of It. The
n«.- system cannot be changed.
But Mr. Sabln can reduce the number of
hours and put the telephone office on a
plan above the sweat-shop.
As long aa there are girls in the world
who have to work Mr. Sabin will find no
difficulty filling 'the positions, though he
Be t he hours to ten.
A telephone girl should not be made to
•work over seven hours a day including
tne thirty minutes for luncheon. This
would necessitate an additional force of
operators at $20 a month.
Perhaps it would be worth while. Then
if a telephone girl oommittted suicide Mr.
Sabln could plead not guilty at the bar
of her soul.
1
Cdith ' Evans T^TTs for the F^S*
?f ms the stcpy oF why She
to £31711711* .Strict-
IHAVE been asked a great many times
why I attempted to commit ppieide.
A number of people have hinted that
I did it just to follow the example of
other telephone girls who took their
live?. Tin think that suicide is
as catching as :■ mumps and that
it is epidemic among telephone p!r!s.
'T can truthfully say That I did not at
tempt to end my life because other girls
did. As far as I know I was the first of
the telephone girls who s-ou.arht death as
an end to trouble. If suicide really
■broke out' among the telephone girls,
then I am sorry to say that they must
have 'caught it' from me.
"I don't want to give the impression
that I think it an honor to have caused
a "suicide malady' among the telephone
girls. Nor Jo I think that my example
influenced the other suicides very much.
T simply want to show that I did not
drink carbolic acid because some other
telephone girl swallowed poison.
"As for {he reasons why I did attempt
to end my life, I really don't know just
exactly why I did it. People seerr. to
have at last realized that the telephone
girl is about as sinned against as sin
ning.
"They ask me whether I blame the
telephone company for the rash act. Of
course I don't blame the telephone com
pany directly, but I think that my work
in the telephone office was the Indirect
cause.
"If I hadn't been all unstrung from my
work I'm sure I should not have tried to
do anything 60 foolish. Telephone work
Is a terrible strain. It makes your nerve?
go t!ng-a-ling all the time. I have never
been particularly strong, and the con
finement and nervous strain of the tele
phone office is unbearably hard for a girl
Who is not full of vitality.
"Just imagine sitting in a chair all day
long hearing the same irritating buzz, giv
ing the same replies, being under cor.s-nrit
watch!
"A telephone girl lives In constant dread
of losing h. r position. She never knows
from one day until the next whether her
name will be on the bulletin board that
announces dismissals. You feel just as
though you were living with a sword
hanging over your head ready to fall and
chop it off at any moment.
"The hours are "\ cry long and you never
get any fresh air. If j-ou work during the
day you have half ar, hour for lunch, but
you eat your lunch !n the building. You
are s-upposed to hf.ve fifteen minutes a
day recess, but you don't get it every
day by any m< ana, and then never over
ten minutes. You can't go outside the
building during recess. About every two
weeks you get an afternoon off.
"If you work at night time it's just a3
bad. You sleep es much of the day as
you can, so you don't get any more ex
ercise.
"It's hard to make It clear Just whjr
telephone work Is so wearing. I don't
suppose that anything I have said ex
plains why I should have been in such,
a state that I tried to take my life. It's
a lot of little things that accumulate and
grow more irritating the longer you're
there. Of course it depends a great deal
on a girl's disposition.
"Then I think the hours are too long
for that kind of work. If we had shorter
hnurs we could stand the strain better.
When they ask the girls to work over
time the/ cant refuse. They pay Uiem
18 cents an hour. Mit most of them would
r&ther do without the money and not
have to work overtime.
"I had been ff-rling melancholy for some
time, but I- never thought of committing
suicide. I had been changed to the night
force, and I found that even more trying.
Sleep that you get during the daytime
never seems to do you as much good.
"On Monday night, going down to work.
I was invitPd to for the following
<3ay. I knew I ought to spend the day
resting but I just U>nsrpd to go. So, aftf-r
workii.g all night in the office, at 10 in the
morning I went to the picnic.
"We got back too late in the evening for
me to report at duty on time. . I tele
phoned that I was nf>t coming and went
home to bfd. My sipter scolded me for
going to the picnic and said I had prob
ably had an outing at the cost of my
position. I was too tired fmra loss of
Bleep to care and did not wake up until
late the next morning.
"My sister had gone down tn the tele
phone office early in the morning to find
out what action they were going to take
In my case. They told her they would
probably suspend me for a week— without
pay. of course.
"She was naturally very much put out
at me for having taken such chances of
losing my position and wished to give me
a lesson. So. instead- of telling me that
they would suspend me she gave me to
understand that I had lost my position. I
knew that it would be useless to tn' to
get it back, for unless the strongest influ
ence is brought to bear they never take
back a dismissed operator.
"Before my sister went out she intended
telling me the truth., as I was pufficiemly
punished. But she forgot to do so. I said
very' little, but I felt as though my world
had* crumbled into pieces. I prayed for
death.
"I felt 111 and so tired of it all. Why
not put an end to it? Over and over again
I repeated this. It was now noon; the
whistles were screeching and the air was
full of the midday clamor.
"On the washstand stood a bottle of car
bolic acid. Just a few swallows of that
and eternal quiet. I sat down and looked
at the bottle. The letters on the label
danced before my eyes. I must have sat
for about ten minutes morbidly deciding
whether 'to be or not to be.' I couldn't
think clearly, all sorts of trivial matters
kept darting through my mind.
" 'Nobody will care, nobody will care.' I
said, and swallowed the poison. The
agony and suffering I can not describe.
And when the doctor said I would live I
wanted to sing for joy. but my poor
burned throat made sound impossible.
"Two or three days afterward Miss
Griffiths called on me. She had lost her
position several weeks before and I knew
that she was very disconsolate. It was
hard for me to talk, but I told her how
sorry I was that I had tried to commit
suicide. How sweet life looks when it is
slipping away, how glad I was to come
back to it even through pain and suffer
ing beyond measure
"She asked me all sorts ft question*
about the poison. I never for a moment
thought she had a reason. I remember
she said to me Just before going: "So
you're sorry that you did it. Edith?" I
told her never, never to think of suicide.
She said good-by very sadly, but I
thought it was pity for my sufferings.
"The next morning I saw the morning
paper on a chair across the room. 'An
other telephone girl attempts suicide'
stood out in black lines. You can imagine
my horror when I read that it was Miss
Griffiths.
"She must have thought of it before om
lng to see me. but the sight of all my
agony and all my regrets over the rash
act failed to shake her purpose. They
saved her l!f*». too, and I heard from
Chicago, where kind friends sent her. that
she too thinks life worth living now.
"For two- months I suffered death in life.
The acid had burned me terribly. I was
willing to bear all the pain providing only
I might livp. My only reason for telling
my I'xporienre is that I want tn warn
other girls. I think we are very likely to
get morbid and I know that not a few of
the- girls have contemplated suicide. As
I said before the telephone company can't
be blamed directly if the girls develop
melancholia.
"But I hope that no more of them will
seek death. The poison cup is very tempt
ing at the rim, but when you get down to
the dregs and It's too late life seems mora
tempting."
2930
/Host praetiqally patriotic U/o/i)ai? ii? sai?5 ai ? Frap^o 4
HONE LIFE OF ONE WHO PAID
$2025 FOR TWO BOXES AT
THE BENEFIT FOR THE
'FIGHTING FIRST."
lIIAVE spent a half hour with the
most practically patriotic woman in
San Francisco— a woman who has not
• only spent over $23,000 of her own
. mo,n< y upon Uncle Sam's soldier boys
but 'has spared neither time nor strength
nor personal effort In the endeavor to
express to them something of that great
love for '■::!■ country which fills her loyal
ami devoted heart.
When Mrs. A. S. Townsend electrified
the f-rowd at the Orpheum auction sale
the other day by paying a premium of
$_ 2£ oil two boxes for the benelit perform
ance for our California boys she by two
little nods of her head assured the success
of tho. whole affair and incidentally made
herself the most popular woman In the
city.
With such a leader others could not but
follow; and as tho storm of checks and
gold pieces rained into the committee's
treasury cheers for- the unknown lady who
had set so noble an example to her towns
people rose from three thousand throats
and shook the- theater from foundation to
roof. The name given Identified the gen
-hearted. bidder to but few people,
for we have more than one Townsend
here in California who is able to do
things generously; but my memory is over
a year long, ar.d I felt sure that It must
be the "Red Cross Mrs. Townsend"— she
who was the special ministering angel of
the Tennessee soldiers during their bitter
camp experiences here— who had come to
the front again, -this time to prove how
dear to ' her heart were our own brave
boys:
Investigation substantiated this, and be
cause! remember what she has done in
tho past for strangers and honor her for
that as well as for what she Is doing now
for the Californiai:3, I later rang her
doorbell.- .
• • •
"I .find the house In a state of siege, as
It were, with prim sentinels keeping- vigi
lant guard at- all. approaches. A woman
.who has money enough to give away
thousands without an instant's hesitation
when an object appeals to her which she
considers worthy is pretty sure to dis
cover that her reputation for wealth and
charitableness entails upon her many un
pleasant .experiences and that many ob
jects will most assuredly appeal to her
HOW OUR NAVY CELEBRATED THE FOURTH AT SAMOA
O"f T no time in the history of the
f Bamoan [stands has the glorious
r~~J Fourth of July been more fitly
J observed than during the visit
of the United States cruiser
Badger.
6 o'clock !n the morning all the
is in the harbor were dressed in
their best suits of "bunting, the "Jackles"
■ l their i leanesi white togs and
the cooling. showers of the early morn
iiic had passed over.
The chief attraction' of the day was
th-- launching and cruise of the battle
ship "Missouri" (named so in honor of
Captain .Taints M. Miller, who hails
from that State). For several clays be
i there were mysterious
-;s on" up en top ot the forward
. many men of the carpenter's
pang were seen skulking around with
hanir*>rj:, saA\.s, boat gear, etc., trying
in vain to hide '.lie fact that something
was up,- "just to tickle the old man."
At 9 o'clock sharp the warning notes
of the herald, played on an immense
horn twelve feet long, announced the
approach of Uncle Sam, who, in com
pany with Admiral Farragut in his
flagship "Missouri" and the Secretary
if State, were to pay an official visit
to the English and German cruisers in
the harbor. Headed by the band, and
several fair damsels, ho scattered
roses in their wake, the procession
marched on to the quarterdeck, where
Uncle Sam and his retinue were duly
received .with '.ii naval courtesies by
Captain Miller and the officers of the
Badger, the admiral making an ap
propriate speech, which was ably re
iponded to by Captain Miller on behalf
of the three great powers represented
on board.
The meeting between Admiral Farra
gut ar.d Captain Miller was truly touch
ing, and th-.; admiral expressed both
his delight and surprise at being given
for his flagship the "Missouri," which
he hoped would prove as stanch and
true to the Union as was the State
after which she was named.
Twelve sideboys manned the star
board gangway, and, to the stirring air
of "Yankee Doodle," the admiral es
corted Uncle Sam on board the
"Missouri," which vessel lay proudly •
at anchor off the Badger.
When but a short distance away on
her trip to the English cruiser -Taur
anga, the "Missouri" hove to and there
■was much excitement visible on her
decks. A boarding officer was sent to
her from the Badger, and upon return
ing, stated that owing to careless
ness on the part of some of the work
men, the propeller had In some man
ner got tangled up with the foretop
downhaul, and she would be unable to
proceed on her voyage unless she re
ceived some assistance from the
Badger. Captain Miller kindly fur
nished the use of a steamer to tow the
"Missouri" across the bay to the
Tauranga, and was warmly thanked
by the admiral for his courtesy thus
extended. Thus, with the assistance
of the tow line, and some slight exer
tion on the part of the fireroom gang,
the "Missouri" duly hove In sight of
H. M. S. Tauranga, when' the royal
English ensign Was hoisted at the
main, and the usual twenty-one gun
salute was fired, which salute was an
swered, gun for gun, by the Tauranga,
The party were given a royal recep
tion by Captain Stuart of the Taur
anga. and all the honors of the English
nation were laid at the feet of .the ad
miral and Uncle Sam.
Captain Stuart and Uncle Sam were
closely closeted in the private office of
tho captain for some time, and it is
safe .to state that their conversation
may prove of some significance, bear-
Ing on the visit of the Joint High Com
mission to Samoa, but, be that as It
may", when Uncle Sam Joined the ad
miral on the quarterdeck of the Taur
anga, it was noticed that the face of
the former wore a very troubled ex
pression.
At 10 a. m. the "Missouri" proceeded
on her voyage, all the shipping in the
harbor dipping their flaers and saluting
her in various ways, besides parading
their marine guards with four, flour
ishes. /
As she steamed alongside the Nev, r
Zealand Government cruiser Tutanekai
she fired twenty-one guns, with the
English ensign still at the main, which
Balute was answered by that vessel, and
the admiral and Uncle Sam, accom
oanicd by his secretary and staff, were
which even the tenderest heart could not
consider at all worthy of any form of
assistance whatever.
The hall into which I am admitted is a
noble one. large and lofty, with open
doorways leading into wide and silent
rooms on either side and beyond, and a
sweep of curving stairs in the middle dis
tance winding up into the invisible.
There are flags everywhere— silken ban
ners draping fresco..! wa!is. Intertwined
around pictures, hanging from chande
liers, adorning majestic mantels, droop
in? In soft folds in shadowy corners.
Th< re are flags of all sizes, from the
broad expanse of a regimental standard
to tiny ones the size of a lady's palm,
which bristle aggressively among price
less bric-a-brac and rare curios wherever
g fingers have found opportunity to
tuck their slender staffs, but they are
flags of only one design— the stars and
stripes, which are our nations pride and
glory.
I am shown informally into the dining
room, a spacious apartment at the .'end
of the hall, flooded with sunshine through
an all-embracing bay-window, out of
which one looks loftily down from thi3
bold rise of California street upon that
low lying part of the city which stretches
between It ar.d the hills beyond.
There is a conservatory at the left, a
small fort st of rare palms and feathery
ferns; a stately sideboard laden with mas
sive silver confronts me as I sink into
the arms of a most inviting looking chair;
but close beeide it on a slender stand— :t
marvel of costly cabinet work— ls a com
mon soldier's dining out tit, a tin plate and
cup and an iron knife and fork and
spoon.
At first glance these rude implements
look oddly out of place amid their lux
urious surroundings and strike upon the
i ye with something of the same shock
that a crudely inharmonious dot* of acci
dental color gives in a scheme of decora
whlch is in a!) other respects per
fect. In the drawing of a breath, how
ever, the reason for their presence there
;i. and they se. in. as they are, moat
fly placed in this home where the
spirit ' -i true patriotism reigns supreme.
The dining table is covered with a non
fusion of letters, many as yet unopened,
through which a Titian-haired young
Queer Antics of the Jolly Tars at Samoa on Bo^rd the •« Battleship Missouri."
THE SUNDAY CAL.L..
SHE HAS SPENT OVER TWENTT
FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
HELPING UNCLE SAMS
SOLDIER BOTS.
woman is laboriously making her slow
and tedious way. She recognizes my
presence sub-consciously as it were, for
I am but an incident in this busy hour,
with which she has no personal concern,
and after one lift of her eyes she goes on
with her work with all the patient buc
apparently hopeless industry of the pour
princess of old who was condemned by the
wicked fairy to sort singing birds' feath
ers.
Only a minute or so passes before the
serene silence which settles down upon
me Is ended by the advent of a third per
son—the "Fairy Godmother" of the sol
dier boys. She comes In noiselessly, with
a light swiftness of movement which tells
much of the store of energy hidden under
her quiet exterior, and puts out her slen
der hand to me with winning cordiality.
She is rather a small woman, with hair
of reddish gold, in the soft flufflness of
which, however, there is far more than a
hint of shining silver, and a pale face on
which, though ' Time, has marked som>*
wrinkles, he has placed no lines which toll
of unkindliness or suspicion of her fellow
creatuies. Hers Is a sensitive face— one
which has been shadowed by grief and
wet with tears, but it is the face of a
woman who has learned whether in jjy
or sorrow to surmount the narrow boun
daries of selfishness and find her solace
and companionship in the broad fields of
humanity which lie beyond.
She is not dressed to "receive." for she
Is attired in comfortable but unassuming
fashion in a quilted jae-ket of white satin
and a black silk skirt, which has not. I
notice with mounting respect, the fash
ionable "dip" a,t the back. A glance at
the table as she seats herself brings Into
existence the faintest hint of a sigh.
"I always like to attend to all my own
letters." she says deprecatingly, "but
there have been so many of them since
that auction that I have found It quite
Impossible; such a number of them are
begging letters, too, that it is almost dis
couraging."
"Soir.e of them, though," she continues,
"many of them, in fact, are just lovely —
letters from friends and acquaintances
and strangers thanking me for what lit
tle I have be^n able to do to lighten the
hardships and increase the happiness of
the soldiers. Such letters as these have
been coming to me for the pn?t year. nr,<l
every one of them lias made me very hap.
py. especially those which have com<
the boys themselves or the persons to
whom they are near and dear."
I know, as every <>ny who rejoices In
noble deeds should know, tl
woman's unselfishly generous w
the regiments >:
cisco. I know how, by her ' gifts
of just the things .that were m
she endeared herself to the !:■
tattered and footsore and 111-fed ■ •. that
governmental red tape-tied !. i wera
unable to minister to at the proper time
ami in the pr..;>- r way. I know of the
tons of fruit, fresh and dried, the i
nuts and v< g< tables, thi • •
and wagon loads of dot! h she
paid for out of her own j • :s an ,j
sent Tip to thru bleak, w waste
of sand where the shive: ng so ■ rs' tents
were pitched. I know <,f the dinners and
medicines she gave thorn and the personal
daily oversight.
I know of all these things, and more,
and I try to lead her on | I .'-: of
I would like to. learn from her own Hp 3
just how it all seems to hor. but on this
subject she is most uncommunicative. She
will, and does, talk t: iiers.
of their bravery ami - aTU i
the debt which she feds I
at-home American owes them, but
own efforts to help pay that -debt Mrs.
Townsend will scarcely speak.
"I have done only what I could," sh«
says, "and compared to what ought to be
done it is simply, nothing. I had no son
to give to my country, so I have, tried to
make the sons of other women feel that
mine is a patriotism of the heart, and not
of the lips. I keep these flags about mo
because I love my country"s emblem and
all that it signifies, and since. I have no
special hero of my own in the army I feel
the keenest' personal pride in every man
or boy who helps to defend it. or carry
it on to victory."
This is all that she will say,., but it
means much. It meant comfort and con
solation to the homeless, homesick sol
diers a year ago, and it will help to mean
the most royal of welcomes to trie brave
boys who are speeding to us : across the
sea. CLARA DOUGLAS.
given a courteous reception by Cap
tain Post, who, although an . officer in
the New Zealand naval reserve, fs an
American by birth, having been born
in the State where is manufactured
watches and clocks as well as wooden
nutmegs, and he has not forgotten his
boyhood training nor how to celebrate
the Fourth of July.
Captain Post insisted on the party
remaining on board his vessel until the
approaching squall blew over and all
that was possible to make their visit
pleasant was don by him and his offi
cers.
At 11 a. m., the storm having sub
sided, the Missouri steamed down the
harbor, all her bunting displayed and
tli" band playinpr "God Save the
Queen." As she neared the German
cruiser Cormoran the air was changed
to "Die Wacht am Rhein," the imperial
German ensign was floated to the
breeze and a salute of twenty-one guns
was exchanged between the two ves
sels of two mighty nations.
Captain Emsmann of the Cormoran
greeted the admiral at the gangway and
the entire party were escorted by the
Cormoran's band to the wardroom,
where political matters were discussed
and speeches of condolence in behalf
of the dead soldiers were made by
Uncle Sam and Captain Emsmann, ap
propriately responded to by the Secre
tary of State.
Proud indeed were the men of the
Badger when at 11:30 a. m. the Missouri
was seen steaming toward her, the
"homeward bound" pennantgaylytrail
ing astern. " As she recrossed the Tau
ranga's bow the band on that vessel
struck up "See the Conquering Hero
Comes."
Having finished her maiden trip
around the harbor of Apia, the Missouri
came to anchor at her moorings n«ar
the Badger, when the admiral escorted
Uncle Sam and his staff aboard th.?
latter vessel in order to witness the
programme of sports for the day.
The following races were successfully
arranged under the able management
of Lieutenant Stirling: International
pulling and sailing race, potato race,
mast-head race, obstacle race, go-as
you-please race, three-legged race and
a pie-eating contest. The prizes in
each case were graciously awarded to
the winners.
A sumptuous repast was served in the
ward room for the visiting officers and
families from shore, while "Jack," not
to be outdone in hospitality, had an
equally tempting luncheon laid out on
the gun deck for the visiting crews of
the foreign vessels.
The Commissioners also had a quiet
little "fono" of their own, and a peep
into the consultation hall during the
height of the hilarities revealed all
kinds of good things with which the
tables were burdened. The genial
countenance of the Hon. Bartlett Tripp
was even more radiant on this occasion
and he was kept busy receiving the nu
merous visitors who thronged his cabin
doors.
As the day proceeded so did the
games and innocent amusements so
dear to the hearts of the Americans.
Now, as has been proven on previous
occasions, there is much talent on
board the Badger, and that fact was
again made evident when Lieutenant
Stirling announced a "cakewalk." This
was new to many of the foreign visi
tors, and much astonishment was ex
pressed that "jack was ' a versatile
creature." The prize — a ' irge choco
late cake — was presented t^ the win
ning couple in the contest, with many
blushes and a neat little speech by one
of the lady visitors.
The exhibition of strength, in lifting
200, 500 and 1000 pound weights, and the
wrestling match with a broom by the
local Sandow, were received with great
applause, also much astonishment on
the part of the native visitors. San
dow has a chest expansion of eleven
inches, and will wrestle with anything
from a broom handle to a brewery.
The sports for the day closed with
r sparring exhibition between Billings
nml Sturgess. the former easily knock
ing out his opponent in two rounds.
In the evening Lieutenant Stirling
arranged for the visitors a beautiful
pyrotechnic display.
In his speech to the admiral, J. Pat
terson. Captain Miller extended the
thanks to the Commissioners, and also
to "Chips." for their untiring efforts
In making this the greatest Fourth of
July they ever had the honor to cele
brate.Scenes on Jfiabet mmemf a WLbuti
THEY EAT,
LIVE AND
SLEEP
IN THEIR
BOATS.
THE citizen out/for an early rnmhle
I will; if he direct his steps to Fisher-
I men's wharf, perceive what reminds
I him of a pat of dry hop poles
J^ blown by the wind. As he ap
proaches and peers down over the
railing surrounding the wharf he will
lf-arn that these are merely the masts
of fishing boats which have furled their
sails and lie at anchor.
Most of these boats coming in are load
ed, perhaps with sardines, and lie deep
in the water through the weight of their
shimmering load.
A good sized oat will hold 3000 pounds
cf fish, but few have that amount; pos
sibly the largest catch will be but 1500
pounds of sardines.
Tn this boat men dip them up with
wooden scoops, or tin basins, Into bas
kets, by which the; are drawn up to the
wharf and there emptied into boxes.
Over there they stand, almost to the
knee in the sliding, silvery mass, kicking
them into the baskets, stopping io pick
cut the herrings or smelts that chance to
be among the smaller fish.
Over here the boats have been cleared
of fish, have been washed and the oil
skin coats put away, together with other
evidences of their last right's work, and
the men are either preparing or eating
their breakfast before going out for an
other catch.
They have no makeshift meals as a wo
man might after a long fast, but cold
and hungry as they are. the soup or stew
must be well cooked fore it is eaten.
Flat loaves of Italian bread lie about
the boats wherever they are handiest.
They rest on the deck and lie among the
corks on the piled up nets. Bottles of
wine are propped up against the gun
wales and baskets of onions show the
fishermen's partiality for this vegetab'.e.
If home life can be said to exist on
fisher boats, one witnesses a species of it
here. A man lounges at full length upon
the deck of his boat, making entries in
a notebook; another smokes a short pip< j
and fondles the head of a little fox ter
rier which a friend lowers to him.
In another boat they are washing theii
nets, one man standing in the bow. an
other in the stern, and they dip them ur
and down, swish, swish, until every scak
and bit of seaweed is removed.
i";, above them the wharf teems with
life, and the sound of many voices and
tongues fill the air, for the venders arc
down and wagons frum canneries and fish
markets are driven among the nondescript
crowd.
Little Pictro Torri stands by the rail
mending his father's net as It Is drying.
In and out among the brown meshes goe?
the long shuttle, full of seine cord, and
the breaks are made whole again.
These fishers' boys are not bold like
those of our own race, and the slender
hand trembles :i little when I'ietro hears
himself addressed.
"Yes, I like mending nets." he replies,
keeping his great brown eyes on his work.
"Yph, once in a while my father eta m •
go out with him; when I've done more
mending than usual or on my saint's day.
Yt-s, I shall be «i fisherman; too, -when I'm
larger^-perhaps when I got so big that m
brother Paoll's rubber coat will lit me."
Four small boys; not of the Latin race,
hid behind some fish boxes which have
been filled and are waiting to be carried
to the cannery. The boys have two largo
sacks, much tailer than the youngest if
they were stood upright, and Into these
they drop the fish which they pull from
the boxes.
A great dun dog has followed his master
to ■ .-I wharf and Is jumping about play
fully. He darts around the corner where
the young pilferers are hidden, and the
larger of the quartet, being Just at the
edge, goes into the bay with a splash, his
hands full of tell-tale fish. The mild ex
citement pervading the crowd changes to
wild alarm. One fisherman tins over his
bottle of wine, and the red stream stains
bis newly painted boat. Another Just com
ing down to the ladder to his craft drops
his bunch of carrots and the tide sweeps
them away.
The man drawing up a basket of her
ring near the spot quickly tosses the,fish
into the water and swings the basket to
the boy as he comes up, while the man
with the earrings, who assures us that
"the boy drowna," boldly plunges in and
brings out the thoroughly frightened
youngster.
Mary rentlni, who arrives just in time
to take in the situation and witness the
rescue, declares quit heartlessly that it
serves him right for stealing fish.
Then, the excitement having subsided,
she gives her father his breakfast, which
she brings to him every morning. Being
a special occasion, he has ravlolas, also a
pail of strong coffee.
Having dutifully discharged her errand,
she takes the visitors under her wing, so
to speak, and imparts more Information
regarding fishermen In general, and the
fishermen within immediate range of vis
ion, than they ever expected to know.
A white-faced man wheels a perambu
lator containing a sickly child along the
wharf and looks wistfully at the boats
coming In.
"Who Is he?" Mary repeats to a ques
tion, "that's Manuel Gnnco, and that's his
little baby in the buggy. It's mother's
dead. Do you know v.hat made, her die?
"She died because Manuel took his boat
out on Friday: It's bad luck, my father
I^terestii^ Dues of [Y\sj) U/170 Brave t^ Dai^erj
°f ea P rov/ 8 U^l? Oeeai? Deliea
eie$ — T*? c ' r Odd Superstition Queer
<?usto/r\s ai?d Daily U/or^.
saia so, and everyooay Knows r. anynow.
t's why Manuel's been so nk-k and
why his wife died. The Portuguese are not
so careful ac my father and his friends
are. When -Manuel gets well enough to
go out for fish again perhaps he'll be
■ ar< ful."
Mary says something to her father In
. ■ which ■• cries
eagerly: "Won't you have some fish? -iy
r'll give you some if you do."
They are generous, these poor fisher
man who may work half the night and
then, if fish are plentiful, not be able to
sell their load for even a dollar.
It is <>v. Thur • ning that tae
large boats come in irorn the Farallones
and Cordell Banks with their load
d( i p-sea fish.
The dealers, who usually buy their day's
supply at 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
then come down and bargain for the
amount needed on Friday.
The slips at the wharf are all filled with
the boats, which require from four to six
men to man them, and the crowd upon the
wharf Is greater than In the rnoridng.
The boats have been out two, three, per
haps four days, and the fishers are anx
lous to dispose of their catch and seek
their homes.
A Neapolitan, less averse than the
oth»rs to talking with strangers, com
plains bitterly of the fishing steamer.
"I make plenty money before fishing
steamer come. I keep wife and children
I got plenty children— too mucha.
Steamer take everything— striped bassa,
rockcod; it taka de herrln'— mucha fish.
Sell it a-cheap and make it had vera bad!
Plenty fishermen, plenty little children, go
hungry disa winter— too bad.''
The crab catchers make their appear
ance with less pretension and i.iere li
little interest evinced Ip their cargo
They dump the sacks which contain thi
wriggling creatures down by tho scales
of some particular dealer, and those
they cannot sell are confined in the bar
nacle-covered crates scattered about
6wung into the water beneath the wharf
where the boats of the crab catchers are
anchored and fed upon small fish until
there Is a demand for them.
Among all the toilers of the sea the lot
of these poor crab catchers Is the hard
est. They must seek their cargo among
breakers and in the most dangerous loca
tions, and In spite of the hardships they
endure their earnings are pitifully --nail.
Many of the fishermen, and there are
more than a thousand of them in this
city alone, do not own the boat In which
they Fall, but give two-thirds of all fish
caught to the man who furnishes boat and
outfit. A fair sized boat with Its supply
of nets costs somewhere in the neighbor
hood of $1000.
Seven nets are supposed to be needful
to each boat; the gill net, or those for
sea bass, are the most expensive, costing
$1 25 per pound, while the drag net; some
times made of cotton instead of 'men. is
the cheapest. ;»'':
The fishermen are very careful of these
nets, and on Saturday one may see them
congregated in the low shed on the land
ward side of the wharf making and mend
ing these accessories of their craft, which
on their arrival at shore are seen draped
in amazing numbers over the wharf rail,
or spread at length upon the northern
arm of the wharf, where one walks
through a lane of nets.
Here in the shed with their nets they
do not seem so much masters of the situ
ation as in their boats. Speak to one of
them and the chances are that he will
pretend not to hear you, but will keep
his eyes fixed steadfastly upon th«
meshes he is forming. ,\-
There is one industry at the wharf
which has no competition In this city. It
is that Of dyeing or tanning the nets and
sails the rich brown color one observes
in the latter when they are drifting out
to sea.
This industry was established thirty
five years ago by Captain Barlow, who
began business at the Clay-street wharf
when the fishing Industry was in its in
fancy here.
He died one year after removing: It to
its present quarters, and for twenty
years his son, William G. Barlow, has
tanned the fishermen's nets in the long,
low shed at the eastern end of the wharf.
Here above a brick platform are swung
five great caldrons, the smallest holding
two hundred gallons, and also the im
mense tanks In which the nets and sails
are plunged after being scalded for tix
hours in a decoction of oak bark, twelve
tons of which are used every year for
this purpose.
Most of the fishermen have their sails
dipped once a month, for which they pay
the sum of $5. The process is said, how
ever, to preserve them double the time
they would otherwise last.
As SOO boats anchor at the wharf, for
which privilege each owner pays $1 per
month, the occupation of dyeing nets Is
a considerable one.
Some time ago steam pipes for heating
purposes wer« introduced at considerable
expense, but the fishermen showed their
dislike of innovations so plainly— other
words grumbled incessantly about tho
caldrons boiling, though no fire was visi
ble—that th pipes were taken out and the
Old and primitive manner resorted to of
building a fire upon the platform under
each separate boiler.
In this way confidence in young Bar
low s work was restored, for as soon an
the first fire was kindled the men wero
willing to vouch that it was bein"- well
done. CLARA [ZA PRICE
A POINTER ON
MOSQUITOES.
When a man hears for the first time
that it' is the female mosquito that
does all the bitin.e, it makes him feel right
glad. Further comfort is afforded by the
knowledge that the male mosquito has
probably the keenest musical sensibilities
of any of his class of animals. He has
quite a brush of hairs on his antennae,
and with them he hears. Mayer stuck
one of his kind on a glass plate and sound
ed tuning forks about. When one tonn
was made certain hairs would vibrate,
while all the others were still. Another
tone would start another set to vibrating,
and so on. Also, if the tuning fcrk were
at one side of the mosquito the hairs on
that antenna trembled most violently, so
that when the male hears, or rather feels
the voice of his beloved in one antennae,
he wheels about so that the vibration is
equal in both, and flies straight ahead to
meet her.
That is about all there is to the male
mosquito, though, except that he cannot
bite for the sufficient reason that he has
no apparatus with which to saw through
the skin. So to speak, he has the pumps,
but no drill. But the female Is thoroughly
equipped for getting through even a poli
tician's hide. The only mystery is what
possesses her to want to bite at all. How
does she come by her hankering for blood.
The scientists give it up. If she laid her
eggs in the wound, like the carrion fly,
it would be easy to answer the question,
but she doesn't. If she stung to defend
herself, like the wasp, it would be easy.
It must bo her brutal passion for blood
that prompts her to attack helpless
human beings. She cannoi cot this crav
ing by Inheritance, for the chances are
that none of b< r ancestors as far back
as William thi I lonqueror ever had a taste
of human blood, and yet, sit out on your
stoop of an evening and a mosquito,
ilf an hour out of the water, will
aa straight for you as if she had
been born for thai purpose. When one
thinks of the greal clouds of these tor
ments that live and die in swamps where
no warm-bl led animal ever cornea, for
fear of being mired, one can easily believe
the estimate of entomologists that not one
in a million ever samples red blood. —
Ainslee's Magazine for August.
3132
|iofr|eu/ard
Boui?d 09-
Board tl?e
Olympia.
T?AMOUS in the annals of th*
•*- American napx and always
fondly remembered by patriotic cxti
cens of the United States must bt
the cruiser Olympia, flagship of
Admiral Gcorrc Dcwcv.
The navy has fight hi craft muck
larger in size, much better armed,
but then it was on the Olympia thai
Admiral Dewcy -ailed into Manila
hay and from her deck directed tks
battle that destroyed a Spanish fleet,
thereby making it possible for the
Untied States to wrest the Philip*
pine archipelago from tin dominion
ef Spain.
Peculiar interest attaches to'4ht
THJI BUl>Di.y (XAX.L,
fieu/ pictures
of
D^u/ey's
Famous
Flaos!/ip.
cruiter just now from the fact that
she is bearing home the gallant ad
miral — where a nation's wel
come waits. Readers of The Call
will, therefore, appreciate the latest
photographs taken aboard Admiral
Dewey's flagship, which are printed
herewith.
The photographs show the officers
of the Olympia, including Captain
Lambert on, who relieved the late
Captain Grid ley soon after the bat
tle of Manila Bay, and also Consul
General Wildman, whose position
during the war was one requiring
« great deal of diplomatic tact and
fceision of cluiracteri