VOLUME LXXXVI-KO. 53.
YALE-HARVARD ATHLETES
LOSE BY A SINGLE EVENT
Bone and Sinew of English and American
Universities in a Gallant Struggle for
the Mastery at Queen's Club.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
SOME OF THE AMERICAN ATHLETES
LONDON', July 22.— After nearly
three hours of such intense ex
citement as has seldom heen
known at an athletic meeting.
during which the final outcome
was always in doubt, representatives
of Oxford and Cambridge at last won
the coveted odd event; in the great In
ternational track and field sports at
Queen's Club this afternoon. As ha I
been predicted by nearly all experts,
the victory was secured by the win
ners of an odd event alone. The Amer
icans showed up to their best form in
all the events but one, and to-night
have nothing to complain of either in
regard to the manner in which the
games were conducted or In respect to
the effect which the English climate
had upon their condition. Burke, the
star performer of "the Harvard team.
■was far from being in shape and col
lapsed in the half-mile race, but with
this one exception the Harvard-Yale
men in every instance did all that
could have been expected of them.
From a spectacular standpoint the
meeting could hardly have been sur
passed. First the wearers of the dark
blue of Oxford and the light blue of
Cambridge and then the American uni
versity men were in the lead. When
the last event was ailed each side had
four ■ins to its credit and the sensa
tional race which decided the day will
never be forgotten by those who were
present.
The contestants in the first events
were warmly applauded on entering the
grounds, followed as they were by the
judge.-, referees and timekeepers. The
jump was, made just in front of the pa
vilion and royal box, while simulta
neously the hammer throwing com
menced at the center of the grounds.
It soon became evident that the events
would tie, and wh< the English flag
rope for the jumpers and was followed
by the American success in the ham
mer throw, both sides had a chance to
give vent to their cheers.
The three mile was the deciding
The San Francisco Call.
THE WINNERS.
I€> Long jump— G. C. Vassall of Ox- <*>
••■ ford. ■*> j
■•> Hammer throw— A. Boal of <*> i
•
<*> One-hundred yard dash— F. J. <■* !
•- Quintan of Harvard. <?> j
S> One-mile run— A. Hunter of Cam- ■•• '
•
-» Hurdle rac<?— B. Fox of Har- '•> j
ard.
•'_> Half-mile run— H. E. Graham of •* \
•'•- Cambridge. <S> j
••> Quarter-mile run— C. G. Davidson •?• j
'•• of Cambridge: <?> ,
••> High jump— A. N. Rice of Har- <?,
• ,-ard.
■•• Three-mile run— H. W. Workman, ■*' !
■ : < 'amhridj
• <v
<*■< ........ *> ....... <S>
event, and when on the last lap it was
seen that Workman of the Oxford -
Cambridge team would win and Eng
land thereby gain the odd event, there
, was a scene of wild enthusiasm, con
servative Englishmen and women rush
ing on the field to acclaim the victory.
A dense crowd instantly surrounded
; Workman, and it was with great dif
-1 ficulty that the stewards succeeded in
i making a way for him to the pavilion.
Here another scene of frantic excite
ment took place, members eft the Eng
lish team rushing forward and crying,
"Well run. Workman!" while on the
field the crowds cheered and waved
hats and handkerchiefs.' ■ Workman
was led to the top balcony of the pa
vilion and ther§ bowed to the enthusi
astic thousands, while cries of "Hur
rah for Old England!" and the song
"For He Is a Good Fellow" rent the
; air.
Just behind the densest crowd, with
a few American and Yale and Harvard
flags marking the spot; the defeated
American runners '.were led to the;.,
room by their admirers. Both English
and American cheered the plucky los
ers, and amid a triumphant blaring of
' "God Save the Queen" by the band the
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JU_LY.'J3, 3 899-THIBTY-TWO PAGES.
crowds slowly dispersed.
The spell of hot weather was tem
prarily broken last night by a heavy fall
of rain, followed by a somewhat gloomy
morning, causing apprehension for the
interuniversity sports. At noon, however;
the sun was again shining and the heat
was tropical. This left London under a
hot mist, but dispelled the fears of rain.
The gates of the Queen's Club grounds
i were thrown open at 2:15 p. m. to take
crowds that were already surrounding the
entrances. The American and English
flags were flying from the center of the
i field, while the clubhouse and long rows
of stands which Inclosed the remaining
sides of the grounds were brilliant with
flags of all nations and the colors of
Yale ami Harvard, Oxford and Cambridge.
The announcement in the newspapers
that the Prince of Wales would not wear
a frock coat or top hat caused many to
follow the Prince's example and tne
grounds bore a purely holiday appeal
The rain had resulted in putting tne
track into excellent condition and the
microscopic care with which every super
fluous particle had been removed won the
admiration of the American visitors.
The American team awakened at
Brighton in the best of health and spirits.
breakfasted before S o'clock and took the
ft o'clock train for London. Upon their
arrival here the party drove to the Royal
Palace Hotel, Kensington, where they
lunched alone and shortly after :: o'clock
drove to the Queen's Club; entering the
pavilion by the rear entrance. In order
to avoid the crowd; The Englishmen ar
rived about the same time Each man
had his own valise to the clubhouse,
where titer*' was a cordial reunion be
tween the members of the team and their
friends who had accompanied them from
America but had' be, staying In London
while tin others were training at
Brighton. Under Mr. Wendell's strict or
der not a word was said by any of the
men with regard to the prospects of the
contest, but the faces of all indicated the
utmost confidence.
Walter (amp. who has been watching
the Yale-Harvard team closely, was an
early arrival on the field. He expressed
admiration oi the track, and the weather
conditions lv. said were perfect for the
Americans could not win to-day he did
not know when they could. Steward Wen
dell and Press Steward 11. S. Brooks of
the American team said that the team
was in excellent form and spirits and rec
ognized the closeness of the match, but
hoped for the best.
The Prime of Wales, the Duke of York,
the Duchess of York- and the Duke of
Portland arrived at 4:05. The Prince of
Wales wore a light gray suit and a soft
Continued .on Second Page.
EARTHQUAKE
SHOCKS IN
THE SOUTH
Strangely Coincident With
the Volcanic Eruption
in Hawaii.
SOME DAMAGE IS DONE
— ♦ —
Residents of Southern California
Cities Startled by Temblors of
Unusual Severity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
There is, perhaps, a problem for !
the scientists in the remarkable co- |
incidence attending reported volcanic ;
disturbances of titanic magnitude on i
the island of Hawaii and the series j
of temblors that have shaken the I
whole California coast south of the
Tehachapi and as far inland as the ;
Colorado River during the past two |
days. Geologists are agreed that the I
California coast, geologically speak
ing, is a new country. The Hawaiian
Islands are, in the same sense, like
wise new. Whether there is a sub
terranean and fiery connection under
the sea between the coast and the
islands is a question of grave impor
tance, but one that is to the lay mind,
of course, unanswerable.
LOS ANGELES, July 22.— Los An- '
gelcs? was to-day startled by an
earthquake shock that has no i
equal recorded in years, and old
timers assert that they do not |
remember a similar occurrence. The j
I exact time of the visit of the temblor i
! is recorded by the big timepiece in the i
j local weather observatory in the top |
J story of the Wilcox building that j
', stopped the pendulum at 12 o'clock 37 j
I minutes and 28 seconds this afternoon. J
| The officials of the Weather Bureau say !
j that three shocks were experienced, but ;
■ that they followed in such rapid sue- j
I cession that the entire movement of |
j the earth's surface seemed as one mo- |
; tion. The duration was not timed, as |
; the excitement was too .great,- but a :
! comparison of watchfes !>>y a number of
persons agree upon fully ninety sec- i
i onds. The shock came from a few de- j
I grees east of north and extended in a j
j direction a few degrees west of south. j
. The greatest damage, so far report- .1
j was at the City Hall. The massive j
| building shook, trembled and vibrated.
J The building is the home of the public
j library and all the city departments.
i The occupants of these various divi
sions were thrown into consternation
| and rushed to the corridors.
The excitement was heightened when \
bricks, mortar and terra cotta were !
| hurled from a height of ISO feet to the |
i sidewalk The swaying of the build- j
i ing had loosened the fancy work sur- j
j rounding a part of the southern dor- \
, mer window, and it fell to the street. i
Judge J. Beardon, who had been stand- j
i ing by the pillars of the entrance of |
i the building, attempted to rush to a j
! place of safety and stepped upon the t
! pavement just as the falling debris hit j
j the flagstones. At th*' same moment
j the second shock, which seemed the i
j most intense, came, and it knocked
, the Judge down. At the moment it;
| seemed as if Beardon had been crushed j
}by the dismantled articles. Aside from
| being stunned, he was not injured.
The hook and ladder apparatus was
I called into service to remove the re-
I maining dangerous bricks, and later
! ropes were stretched across the side- ;
I walks and around the entrances to pre
| vent danger to pedestrians from any
| article that might be loosened and fall.
The next greatest damage is found
In the Wilcox building, where the
Weather Bureau is stationed. The
walls in the upper story are cracked
j for six feet, and all the plateglass win
| dows in the railroad offices are cracked.
The same is reported in the Hollen
beck Hotel and the Bradbury building.
I The residence portion of the city did
not escape. Damage to minor articles
is reported, while clocks stopped, pic
tures fell, and in some cases crockery
and dishes were smashed.
Two more shocks were felt this even
ing—one at 7:22 and the other at 7:50
o'clock. The atmosphere, which has
been very oppressive for several days.
is more congenial to-night, and the nu-
m erous temblors, which at first fright
ened the more timid, are now looked
upon as a matter of course, and a dis
cussion of the sensations experienced is
the topic of the hour. The damage was
confined to the displacement of a few
cornices, numerous cracked walls and
the breakage of some glassware.
In several localities the earthquake
was a benefit to the fruit-growers, the
fruit being shaken from the trees, thus
saving the expense of picking.
0 +_<&-*-&-*- $ -*- $, -*- 4- -«- $ » » ♦ #
I ♦ SAN BERNARDINO, July 22.— ♦
.
£ * ,*.-♦_ -* -♦-.•■;■ ♦ % ♦*•-♦- ■■»-♦ g ♦ £
Another earthquake shock struck the
city this afternoon at 12:31. It was more
severe than the one yesterday. Clocks
stopped all over the city. The vibra
tion yesterday was east to west, but to
day it was north to south. There are
several cracks inside and outside the
: walls of the new Courthouse. A brick
! fire wall thirty feel long at Cropley.'s
' stable fell to the street with a crash.
The Masonic building was cracked
from the foundation to the roof. Sev
eral chimneys were shaken from build
ings. The coping top at the High School
building was partly shaken down and
1 there are bad cracks in the walls. Bot-
t les were shaken from shelves in drug
stores. There were many narrow es
capes from falling brick and other mis
siles. The mountain roads in all direc
tions are blocked with rocks shaken
down. The overland train on the Santa
Fe, eastward, was detained by the cay
TRAIN FALLS
FROM TRESTLE
Fatal Disaster Near Gallatin,
on the Chesapeake and
Nashville Road.
Cars Drop a Distance of Sixty Feet and
Two Persons Are Killed and Several
Seriously Injured,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NASHVILLE, Term., July 22.— The I
Chesapeake and Nashville train
which left Gallatin this evening 1
for Scottsville, Ky., was wrecked ;
seventeen miles east of Gallatin. '
Two lives were lost, several persons re
ceived injuries of a serious nature, and
the damage done to railroad property
was large. The train consisted of six
cars, three of which contained freight. |
While the trestle between Bledsoe and
Westmoreland was being crossed a
portion of the structure gave way and
the train fell sixty feet to the ground.
The engine had passed over, when the
cars tumbled in a heap with a terrific
crash, carrying the engine with them.
There were quite a number of passen
gers on board the train, and most of *
them were injured.
As quickly as possible information of
the accident was sent to Gallatin and j
Nashville, and at 10:30 o'clock to-night
a special train conveying physicians
was sent to the scene, preceded by a
train from Gallatin with other doctors.
Mr. Bird, residence not known, said to
be the representative '•:' a show, was
pinned in the ruins and burned to
death. Charles Speakman, a brake- 1
man, is missing and it is supposed that j
he perished. John M. Rogan, owner of j
Epson Springs, a summer resort, had \
his left leg broken and sustained severe |
bruises about the head and body. E. i
! ing in of Cajon Pas?. The County Hos- (
| pital walls were badly cracked and |
j many inmates were carried out. A sec- j
i ond shock to-day came at 1:57, a third j
i at 2:12 and a fourth at 7:28 this even
ing. ...-- " ■"
' ' " " ■ __ __J
♦_♦.♦; ♦ i>~*~- <S>-#~s.-»-<*-»-0 '
\fi. T
♦ REDLANDS, July 22.— ♦ I
f&-y-' . ■„ yyl'fl
0 ♦ . * . -*-<$> -*-'$> -*y -♦-■»-♦ ■■• ♦ £
The most severe earthquake ever felt
I in Redlands occurred at 12:31 this aft- j
! ernoon. The seismical disturbance |
} seemed to approach from the north-
I west, the heavies, vibration being ■
i northwest to southeast. These were
i followed by less violent trembles in a i
| rotary direction from left to right and
| lasted about five seconds. Several
| buildings had their walls cracked and
I vases and bric-a-brac toppled from
| shelves. No great damage was done.
I Many people were severely frightened. j
I The cashier and his assistant of the :
j First National Bank sought safety in i
j a vault, the walls of which were
! cracked. .Many rushed into the streets.
j Thousands of tons of rock and earth,
! loosened from the sides of "Old
Baldy" and other mountains, went ;
crashing down the sides, sending great
volumes of dust high in the air. There
were milder shocks at 4:45 last even- i
ing and at 3:41 this morning.
i
A ♦ • ♦ »-♦-»-♦-»-»-»-»-♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ 9
. VENTURA, July 22.— ♦
-♦-,s>->- <*> -♦-..*>-♦-.*>-♦-<s>«•-<?> -♦-£-♦--* ;
There were several lively and sharp
shocks of earthquake felt here at 12:32 j
o'clock this noon. Buildings were
swayed and the people were given all
sorts of queer feelings. Th- shocks j
came in a bunch and were of a dura
tion of twenty seconds. It is declared
by old settlers that this earthquake
I was one of the most pronounced ever
j experienced here. The vibrations were i
from north to south. There wis no
damage done, save the scare many |
i people received.
q _♦_;.-♦- _♦- <*.-«_.*.-♦-<s>-♦- •■ -♦ -■$•;♦ - •
♦ - ORANGE, July 22.— ♦ |
X, ♦
At 12:30 o'clock to-day there was a j
series of sharp earthquake shocks, the !
most severe felt in this locality for
many years.
£*-*-<$>-*-<$>-*-<&■ -<*■-*-&-*-<§>-•-&•+-&
<i> y
♦ BARSTOW, July 22.— ♦
"If ry <*>
( L _♦-,£>-♦- <*> -♦-■?•-♦- *■ -+- <$•-+- *>-+-$-•- o
An earthquake shock to-day at 12:20 p. j
■ m was considerably heavier than that J
lof yesterday. The vibrations were
from cast to west and lasted several
seconds.
t a -*-<?-•- ♦-♦-■»-»-■•» ■-■+-*-+-*■<•■ : ♦•
y..
♦ . RIVERSIDE, July 22.- ♦
♦ .j.
f ♦ ; ♦ !■•-•-•<«.-♦" t> ♦ • ♦ ; ♦ ' ♦ •
This City was visited again to-day by
: a heavy earthquake, which lasted fully
' fifteen seconds. The shock rocked
buildings violently and considerable
damage was done to glass goods in
stores and bric-a-brac in houses.
' A _*_V_»_ »-+-&'-+- ..*. -♦- ■*•-♦- <-* -♦-«>-♦-©
•. •? ' . • • t
♦ PASADENA, July 22.— ?
-♦-■*• - »-♦-»-♦-♦-♦-»-♦-♦-♦ ~»~i : -*- 9
.The heaviest earthquake that has been
felt for years shook up Pasadena to
day. .It stopped the clocks at exactly •
12:30 p. m. The vibrations were from
THE KILLED.
MR. BIRD, Passenger.
CHARLES SPEAKMAN,
Brakeman.
INJURED.
JOHN M. ROGAN.
E. B. BUCK, Conductor.
MRS. THOMAS EPPER
SON.
NIMROD JACKSON, Engi
neer.
CHRIS RISING.
P. Buck, the conductor, was injured,
but to what extent is not known.
Mrs. Thomas Epperson of Nashville
received internal injuries. Nimrod Jack
son, the engineer, was injured about
the head and body, but not seriously.
Chris Rising was seriously injured.
A number of others are said to have
been more or less seriously injured, but
the names and extent of the injuries
are not yet ascertained.
The cars caught fire immediately af
ter going through the trestle and were
destroyed, together with freight val
ued at several thousand dollars.
west to east. A few window panes
broken and some crockery upset.
Q. + _.i.-+-, i ,_+_, s ._+_Q, _♦_.*. _+._. s> _+y_+. &
t
♦ SANTA ANA. July 22. - ♦
0 -♦-;-♦- ..Sn -♦- i ~#- .;. -♦- <§> _♦- < J>_+-<?_.».-0
A distinct earthquake shock was. felt
here to-day at 12:38 p. m. The vibra
tions were from southwest to north
east, lasting over twenty seconds. Oc
cupants .of three-story brick blocks
were considerably frightened, many
rushing into the streets below at t..e
first heavy quake. A great many apri
cots were shaken front the trees, to the
convrnience of growers.
Q-+.y~*-<i. -*-,»,-+-,■}, -+-,?> -+-/*,-*_.£,-*. Q
♦ ANAHEIM. July 22.— ♦
.«• • »■>
_£ -♦-;._♦-,:._♦-.;. _*.- <}. _♦_ •$. -♦_ <«, _+y_+ . £
The heaviest earthquake shock ever
experienced here w ; .- fell at 12:::.">. A
less violent shake occurred last night.
♦
THIS TIDAL WAVE
FOLLOWS EARTHQUAKE
ASHLAND, "Wis.. July 22.— tidal
wave raised the water of Chequamen
gon Bay and on the south shore of
Lake Superior three feet this forenoon.
It is the highest rise of water reported
for several years. It came nearly to
the top of some of the docks, flooded
roads and hacked up so high that sev
eral sawmills were obliged to shut
down. The water ran over many of
the lumber docks and into the boiler
rooms of mills. At 11 o'clock the water
began to recede and at 3 o'clock was
9 inches below normal. A strange thing
about it is the wind was far off shore.
Vessel captains report the same phe
nomenon on the Apostle Islands. The
water backed up in streams, flowing
into the bay, flooding and destroying
crops.
The simultaneous occurrence of the
earthquake in Los Angeles and the
tidal wave in Lake Superior are con
sidered to bear an important relation
to each other, as there hive been known
to be similar happenings in previous
earthquakes. The city of Lisbon, Por
tugal, was visited by an earthquake on
the morning of November 1, 1755, and
it was felt at the same time in cities
almost as far distant as is Lake Supe
rior from Los Angeles. A rumbling
sound which, precedes most earthquakes
was immediately followed by a great
shock, which threw down the principal
portion of the city. The sea retired,
leaving the bar dry. and returned in a
minute as a great wave or breaker
fifty feet in height. Sixty thousand
persons perished in six minutes.
The waves of the shock reached Scot
land, probably passing under it, causing
temporary changes in the waters of
Loch Lomond, which suddenly rose
more than two feet and then fell to
below their usual level. This is ex
actly similar to the tidal wave which
is reported from Lake Superior, and
which was undoubtedly the result of
the earthquake shock at Los Angeles.
There arc numerous other Instances on
record which substantiate the theory
that an earthquake will affect a large
body of water, even thousands of miles
away.
Cowboy Accused of Murder.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. July 22.— William
Rose, .* cowboy, is lodged In jail here on
suspicion of being the man who commit
ted the double murder at Camp Verde
July 3. The officers followed the trail four
days before arresting him. . He was cap
tured between Tonto basin and Globe and
brought overland through the mountains.
Rose claims he is able to explain his
whereabouts at the tlma of the murder.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
STRIKERS USE
BULLETS AND
DYNAMITE
Engage in Battle With the
Militia on Guard at
Cleveland.
VOLLEYS AREEXCRAN&ED
— « —
Troops Beaten, but the Non-Union
Men and Police Rout the
Rioters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July 22.—
party of strikers hidden in the
bushes of East Lakeview Ceme
tery fired on a westbound car at
10:30 to-night. Bullets hit the
car and went dangerously close to pas
sengers, but no one was hit.
Dynamite was placed on the Euclid
avenue tracks at Case avenue, but was
discovered in time. Two Broadway
cars, accompanied by forty cavalrymen,
were stopped by obstructions at Can
ton street. The soldiers drove the
crowd back, and started to remove the
obstructions. This action was the sig
nal for a general assault on the sol
diers. Stones of all sizes, bricks and
clubs were used, and the soldiers re
treated, leaving the non-union men and
police to battle with the mob.
The non-union men were armed, and
drawing their weapons made a bold
stand. The mob thought the show of
bravery was a bluff, and intoxicated
with the victory over the militia,
rushed upon the cars, only to be met
with a withering volley from the big
forty-fours of the conductors and mo
tormen.
The mob was disagreeably surprised,
and halted as another volley was fired,
and three members of the mob fell
wounded. At this some man among the
rioters, maddened by the sight of the
blood of his fallen fellow rioters, as
sumed the leadership and attempted to
rally his men to renew the attack.
That he had had military training was
evidenced by the manner In which he
issued his orders, but his training stood
him in no stead as his followers couldn't
understand him. He advanced toward
the cars, followed by about a hundred
men, but the motormen with their
faithful '-bulldogs," were still op guard
and poured another volley into the
* row*!, sending three more of them to
grass. This volley was followed by an
other and still another, each time
wounding on* or more men.)
Just at this juncture a squad of police
rushed up and with a yell charged upon
the crowd, bring their revolvers and
clubbing right and left with their
"heavy timber." The mob broke and
ran and the obstructions were removed.
An attempt to get the cars to the
barns was r -.ewed and they were final
ly taken to Petrie street, where a mob
was again encountered. By this time
a company of infantry had been sum
moned. With fixed bayonets they forced
the mob into side streets and formed
about the cars, but it was decided to
make no attempt to get them farther,
as it was seen that it would be simply
one long dr? out battle with the mob
which could only end in bloodshed. Sol
diers were detailed to guard the cars
just as they were.
The action of the militia in running
away from ♦'<■ mob may result in an
appeal to-morrow to tin President to
send regulars, on the ground that the
militia sympathizes with the mob and
is incompetent to establish and main
tain order.
'With the 5"! troops under arms to
back the police force, ami with more
troops in reserve if they are needed,
the authorities to-night believe they
have control of the strike situation.
The calling out of four companies of
infantry and a troop of cavalry to re
inforce the two battalions of Naval Re
serves, win* were ordered under arms
yesterday, was prompted by the out
breaks of anarchy last night and to
day. The companies of troops are on
guard to-night at the barns and power
plants of the company.
The press committee of the strikers
issued to-day an appee' to the public
w .ich, among other things, contains
the following: "We believe that force
can be applied in many instances, and
that it is absolutely essential in th-;
present case."
"The Government protects life and
property, but does not regard labor in
any light whatever. When great aggre
gations of capital defy law and wipe
out competition, thus minimizing the
demand for labor, they must be met by
an element strong enough to render
their organization futile."
A man named Fred Schneider was
shot through the arm by a policeman
to-night for throwing eggs at a car on
Cedai avenue. Schneider was ordered
to stop throwing eggs and he started to
run. The officer commanded him to
halt, and on his refusal to obey the
former fired. Schneider was arrested
' and his wound was dressed at a police
station.
BROOKLYN STRIKERS
ARE LOSING GROUND
Cars Are Operated On All Street
Railways Except the Nassau
System.
NEW YORK. July 22.— Notwithstanding
the absolute collapse of the trolley strikes
in Brooklyn and Manhattan. General Mas
ter Workman Parsons continued to de
clare to-day that the strikers bad won __
great victory. In Brooklyn cars on all tiie
roads except the Nassau system were run
ning - under almost ordinary headway,
while for the first time there was a con
tinuous run of cars to Coney Island and
other watering places. As a result th«
beaches were crowded this afternoon, and
: the people had no difficulty whatever in
i going to and fro.
In Manhattan cars were running as
: usual on all the lines. With the excep
, tion of a slight, disturbance on the Second2
PREMIER OF
CANADA NOW
TALKS OF WAR
Says There May Be a Fight
About the Alaska
Boundary.
HOPES "FOR PEACE
♦ —
Does Not Believe the United States
Has Gone Military
Mad.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
OTTAWA, i int., July 22.— 1n tbe Com
mons to-day Sir Charles Tupper
brought up the question of the Alaskan
boundary. He said the United States,
ln refusing to submit to arbitration, j
well justified the decision Oreat Britain
and Canada had reached in declining ;
to allow the question to go before the i
Joint High Commission. He believed
the Government and the Commission
ers of the United States had lost con- |
fidence in their claims to the strip of j
disputed territory-
Sir Charles suggested that the Gov* [
ernment Introduce into this Parliament
two bills— one providing for a railway
arm by Teslin Lake to Dawson, and the j
other providing for protection of Brit
ish and Canadian interests by enacting
that no license to mine in the Yukon
district shall be granted to any other I
than a British subject.
Premier Laurier, in reply, sympathiz- '
ed with much that Sir Charles Tupper
had said, He stated he had little hope I
now of a compromise, and was very'
sorry to say negotiations had not ad- |
vanced the position one iota from that :
of January last. The alternatives, he
gravely stated, were arbitration or war,
but nobody for one moment could seri
ously entertain the "pinion that the lat- j
ter would ever by any possibility arise,
unless the people of the United States, j
by their recent victories on the field of
battle, had become military mad and
bent upon a departure from well-estab
lished principles of republicanism.
Arbitration, he emphatically declar- i
ed, must come, nnd. although an agree
ment upon the terms of arbitration had
not yet been reached, he held that Can- '
adas wisest course was to exercise fur- |
ther patience and forbearance.
The propositions advanced by Sir
Charles Tupper, however, would be se- I
riously considered by the Government. I
WASHINGTON, July 22. — Senator
Fairbanks to-day announced that the
conference of the Joint High < !ommis- i
sion, which had been called for August
2. had been declared off. The Senator I
is in correspondence with Sir Wilfred
Laurier, and it is hoped a meeting can
be arranged for the earl;.- fall.
o **<e>#-'S>'sf<s>'K-s-#<s> * <*>*<*>*<*•<*<s«'s<* i .-.■.. : 9 I
avenue line to-m'Kht everything was run- j
nine: smoothly and without Interruption.
The strikers are returning to work on this '
line, which practical] was the only one ;
affected in New York.
The most Important incident in Brook- :
lyn to-day was an attempt to cause an
explosion under a Seventh avenue car. A |
package containing two sticks of dyna- i
mite, with fuse attached, was found, but
it was a bungling effort and no damage
was done. ' -'■; j
To-night the authorities were on the
gui vive for trouble, and policemen were
posted to the number of three to the block '
on Seventh avenue, the scene" of nearly
all the late disturbances. It was expected
that a meeting would be held to-night at
Clermont Rink. A squad of policemen
was posted at the hall to. prevent a gath
ering, but none of the strikers put in an !
appearance.
Bate to-night Chief Devery sent a large
body of mounted policemen to Brooklyn,
augmenting the mounted force there. He
also sent a barge number of the bicycle !
squad and detectives. Brooklyn is ■ pa
trolled to-night by mounted men, and the :
detectives and police have been detailed
to watch the lines closely for dynamite, j
It was rumored that outrages would take
place. The police are taking every pre- I
caution to preserve order.
Judging from' the manner in which the
traffic was handled to-day, the officials of
the various lines, both in Manhattan and
Brooklyn, are confident of ending the
strike to-morrow.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC MAKES
AN OFFER TO SCALPERS
LOS ANGELES, July 22.— The railroads
are seeking to effect a compromise with
their foes, the scalpers. A story current
to-day was that the Southern Pacific hay
made overtures to take from the brokers
their stocks of National -Educational As
sociation tickets, which it would be con
tempt of Judge Shaw's department of tho
Superior Court to sell to the general pub
lic. The brokers seen to-day insisted, that
-such an offer had been made to them di
rectly by. Assistant General Passenger
Agent LuCe, arid that the 'offer had been
taken under advisement. The brokers ara
to meet on , Monday .and .decide ..what' i^
best for them to do.
Subordinate officials of the Santa Fe, it
is alleged, wired to headquarters at Chi
cago for instructions in the premises.
Some brokers contend that Judge Shaw's
injunction is not so serious as the decree
*.!' court appears "ii its face, for the rea
son that the writ, while prohibiting cer
tain individuals, who are named, from
dealing In National Educational Associa
tion tickets, cannot be made to apply to
any one else. "When this alleged fact was
called to tiie attention of the Santa Fe
law office the statement was character
ized as rubbish, for the reason that the
court's ruling prohibited not only the
several brokers mentioned by name from
handling tabooed tickets, but also any
and all of their employes.
Visits Stanford University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 22.—
Robert E. Hieronymus of Pasadena vis
ited the university to-day and inspected
the various buildings on the campus. Mr.
Hieronymus is superintendent of;: the
Southern California Educational Exten
sion Association and is going East to in
spect and study the university extension
courses and their methods as offered by
the various educational institutions of
that section. He left for San Francisco
10-day. , He was In attendance at the
meeting of the National Educational As
sociation at Los Angeles.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
"Circumstances
Alter Cases"
r In cases of scrofula, salt rheum, dys-
pepsia, nervousness, catarrh, rheumatism,
eruptions, etc., the circumstances may be
altered by purifying and enriching the
blood with Hood's Sarsaparilla. . It is the
great remedy for all ages and both sexes.
Be sure to get Hood's, because
%. **f_Joß't 'jnS}_ _W£[^_k l f?f7ff^lJfß___\\W
AUTOMOBILE TOURS
BECOMING POPULAR
NOW ALL
THE RAGE
INFRINGE
«
Many Trips Organized to the
Most Out-of-the-Way
Places.
— * —
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. 7.- James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July 22.— Automobile tours
are becoming very popular. This
growth of touring seems likely to re
store prosperity to roadside inns that
railways appeared to have destroyed
forever. It may also revive the mori
bund art of cooking. Trips are now or
ganized to the most out-of-the-way
spots, the roads in this country being
so universally excellent that the only
thing to be considered is the place
where a good inn is located. An a.uto
mobilist here, speaking to me this
morning about the trip Mr. Davis is
making across the American continent,
said dryly: "In planning a tour here
we look out for a place for a good din
ner. In the United States you seem to
have to look out for places where you
can get your automobile repaired."
There has been quite a series of ac
cidents of late, not only to automobiles,
but also to automobilista There was
really a dramatic incident connected
with the accident that placed Mr. Wil
liams hors de combat in the great na
tional race. M. de Knyff was whizzing
past at breakneck speed trying to
catch up the quarter of an hour he was
then behind Marquis de Chasseloup-
Laubat and the eight minutes that
Charron was leading him, when he
caught sight of the insensible chauffeur
lying in the road bleeding and generally
battered to pieces. It was a cruel di
YALE-HARVARD
ATHLETES LOSE
Continued from First Pag*.
! . ,
1 gray hat. Others who arrived early were
| the -United States Embassador, Joseph 11.
' Choate; he secretary of the embassy,
I Henry* White; Lord and Lady Clarendon,
1 Lord and Early Wentler, Sir Richard Web-
C ster, the Attorney General; the Earl of
! Chesterfield and Viscount Howe.
Promptly at * o'clock Boat and Brown
I of th*- Harvard- Yale team came down the
l pavilion steps and took the field " amid
1 hearty applause, their two opponents
joining them and all walking to the oen
'< ter together. They were soon followed by
ail the competitors for the long jump,
I both events occurring simultaneously.
In the meantime the Prince of Wales
; had arrived, the band playing "God Save
the Queen." Th*- royal party was en
; thusiastically greeted and the Brine of
; Wales appearing at the front of the plat
i form as the royal anthem was played,
returned the salutation of the crowd and
immediately extended his hand to United
States Embassador Choate. The Prince
I was followed' by the Duke of York. The
; American' and English flags at the center
of the. grounds w v er<_ at once lowered as
the royal standard floated above the
stand. •„
In the 100 yards dash Blount got. away
first and led for .forty yards, when Quin
• lan and Thomas drew even. Quirilan, with
' a splendid' spurt; won an exciting race
by Half a/vard-^A' tremendous waving of
American '"flaps - and' a -shouting of the
Harvard and Yale yell greeted the victory
of the. Harvard, man. ........
The grounds were now completely filled
and presented a beautiful picture. The
great quadrangle was banked on - four
sides with tiers of seats, where gorgeous
summer toilettes were displayed, while
the sunshine was just strong enough to
emphasise the perfection of the scene. As
the stands filled up masses of blue and
; crimson manifested themselves at Inter
vals where at Yale and Harvardites col
lected, and the familiar blue flag with the
white "V" center surrounding the Ameri
can colors on the same stick gave these
sections of the stands a Thanksgiving day
i polo ground aspect. in honor of the Amer
ican guests the bands played selections
from "El Capitan" and the "Belle of New
York." ■'■•" - ff'--
In the one-mile run -mantle took the
lead, going at a good pace, and led for
the first two laps, Hunter closely follow
ing, with Smith and Spitzer next and
Dawson at the rear. On the last lap Fre
mantle retired and Hunter, running
strong, soon put a wide gap between him
self and the others, Dawson going up to
second place. Entering the stretch for
home Spitzer made a gallant attempt for
second place and drew even, but after
a few yards Dawson again passed him
and finished end. Sptiz* r being, third.
All the men were greatly exhausted and
Spitzer especially was unable to walk and
had to be almost carried to the pavilion.
Hunter won by thirty yards.
In the hurdles Fox led from the start to
finish and won by two and a half yards,
there being a half yard between Paget-
Tomlinspn and Parker. There was tre
mendous cheering from the Yale ami
Harvard stands when it was announced
that Fox had equaled the British ama
teur record.
In the half-mile run Streuben led for
the first lap, followed by Adams, Graham
and Burke ln the order mentioned. As
half this lap' had been completed Graham
went to the front and, running In splen
did style, won by nearly eight yards
amidst excited cheers from the English
men and depression and silence on the
part of the Americans. Streuben was sec
ond and Adams third. Burke was last
and did not finish, being so badly used
up that he had to be supported to the
pavilion and carried upstairs. His trainer
said that his stomach had "gone back on
him." «"' "
• There was a level start for the quarter
mile .run and Boardman cut out the : pace
at a tremendous rate. Entering the
straight for home Hollins just led Board
man, with Davidson last. About seventy
yards from home Davidson came up with
a tremendous rush on the outside and
we:; by five, yards. Boardman rolled con
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23. 1899.
DAVIS' JOURNEY I
BRIEFLY DELAYED 0
BY JOHN D. DAVIS. . J
o SYRACUSE, July 22. ©'
0 The new cylinder for my O '
+ motor cannot reach me be- q
J fore Tuesday morning, and X
♦ I am arranging . to start q
£ again on " Tuesday' after- • £ ;
+ noon or Wednesday-morn- J
J ing. The delay is tedious, J !
J but we are .determined to J
J make San Francisco early J j
£ in September. q
♦- *"
S+O-f CHO+O+O+O+O ♦ Of ©+©+©+©
i lemma. To stop was to compromise his
i victory; to continue, inhuman. The
' sportsmanlike gendarme knows no pity.
j Nothing would have been said to M.
i de Knvff had he continued his wild
| course onward. Besides, there were
j many competitors behind him who
: would be sure to pickup Williams, so
; he might have excused himself on this
i ground.
De Knyff, however, stopped as soon
| as he saw his helpless rival, picked him
up, carried him to the side of the road,
! where he would be out of danger, and
! then went to fetch some" water. A few
i minutes later a doctor came along.
I After an examination' he found Wil
, Hams' wounds were not so dangerous
!as they appeared at first. In the mean
i time the injured man recovered con-
I sciousness, opened his eyes and glanced
! up and saw De Knyff standing over
! him with touching solicitude. Then he,
' too, showed he was made of the right
j kind of stuff, for he said imperatively:
| "What, De Knyff. is that you? .Get off
' at once: you are losing time," or words
ito that effect. Evidently your true hero
I nowadays is the chauffeur.
Alphonse Duchemin, a man well
! known on the Bourse, was killed in-
I stantly on Sunday while trying a new
| machine. It turned over Into a ditch
I at a sharp curve in the road and Duch
i emm was pitched against a rock and
broke his neck.
Another accident happened at Cou-
I lommiers, where a lady of 67, named
I Constance Huendt, was taking a drive
in an automobile with her son and
! daughter-in-law and the latter's father.
The automobile came into collision with
a butcher's cart. Mme. Huendt's inju
-1 ries were so dreadful that she expired
, in a few minutes. '
Accidents are reported almost daily.
; As a general thing they are due to the
! furious speed at which automobilists
! tear through the streets. In Paris the
timid are afraid to cross the roads in
spite of all police regulations intended
to Impose a check upon reckless auto
mobilists. ■
The Temps a couple of nights ago de
voted an editorial to this very subject,
saying automobilism has been a rather
spoiled child of fortune, but the time
had now come for the rigid enforce
' ment of something like the following
I caution: "If you want to avoid stern
reprisals, try to avoid a mad career of
i speed when in your automobile."
There has, in fact, been much talk
lately of more stringent measures for
i the protection of pedestrians from
! siderably; near home, making a grand
but hopeless struggle.
The three-mile run was the nerct event
of th" day. After going about fifty yards
j the three Englishmen singled themselves
in line, Wilberforce just leading Work
'■ man and Smith. Foote, Clark and Pal
j nier of the Yale-Harvard team following
closely. This order was retained during
the second lap, except that Palmer went
up fifty feet. . At the mile .the time was
I 4 minutes' 58 seconds. Wilberforce still
led, but shortly afterward retired and
Smith took up the running just ahead of
Workman, with Clark and Palmer a
couple of yards behind and Foote torty
feet away. In the backstretch Clark sud
denly plunged head foremost on the track,
leaving Palmer to take up the contest
with Workman. Shortly after this Smith
fell in front of the pavilion. The race
was now left to Workman and Palmer.
. In the eighth lap both led alternately,
and coming by the Yale stand the plaudits
of his low collegians caused Palmer to
make a final effort, but Workman was
I running very strongly and again went to
| the front and won as he liked.
The summary follows:
| Long jump—"Won by G. C. Vassell (Oxford).
I C D Daly (Harvard) second. F. D. Roche
I ("Harvard) third, 1.. R. O. Bevaa (Cambridge)
! fourth.
: Hammer throwing contest— by "W. A.
Real (Harvard). Holcnmh J. Rrown (Harvard)
second, J. I*. GreenahieJda (Oxford) third. Boa!
threw 136 feet 2' 2 inches, Brown 122 feet 9
inches, Greenshield 106 feet 6 inches.
100 yard dash—Won by Quinlan (Harvard),
C R. Thomas (Oxford) second. F. A. Blunt
! (Yale) third. A. L*. Hind (Cambridge) fourth.
Winner's time, :10.
Mile run—Won by A. Hunter (Cambridge).
A. 1. Dawson (Harvard) second. C. B. Spitzer
i (Yale) third, J. Smith (Yale) fourth. Time,
4:24. . •"
Hurdle race—Won by F. "R. Fox (Harvard),
: W Paget Tomlinson (Cambridse) second. 11.
| B. Parks (Oxford) third. J. W. -Hallowell (Har
vard) fourth. Time. :IS%.
Half-mile run—Won by H. E. Graham (Cam
' bridge) C F. W. Strueben (Cambridge) sec
i ond J. P. Adams (Yale) third, T. E. Burke
(Harvard) fourth. Time, 1:57 1-5. Graham won
by twelve yards. *
Quarter-mile run—Won by C. G. Davison
(Cambridge), D. B. IV.ardmnn (Yale) second,
T R Fisher (Yale) third. A. M. Holllns (Ox
ford) fourth. Time, :49 2-5. Davison won by
five yards. :.'- _.__.'
High jump— by A. N. Rice (Harvard).
Rice cleared 6 feet; C. M. Roche (Harvard),
was out at 5 feet 11 inches.
Three-mile run—Won by H. W. Workman
(Cambridge). C. K. Palmer (Yale), second.
The others did not finish. . Time, 15 minutes,
24% seconds.
MAY COME TO AMERICA.
English Athletes Favor Giving a
Return Match.
LONDON, July 22.— Judging from an an
nouncement made by several speakers at
the dinner given by the Queen's Club to
night to the contesting clubs, it is evident
that the two English universities contem
plate a return visit to America next year.
The dinner, which was given at the Ho
tel Cecil, abounded In good fellowship and
hilarity. Lord Jersey presided, with Jo
seph H. Choate, the United States Embas
sador; Henry "White, first secretary of the
American Embassy, and John R. Carter,
secretary, on his left, while the company.
In addition to the teams, included Lord
Chesterfield. Lord Clarendon and many
other notable persons. The guests num
bered 200. ryy-
Toasts were responded to by Embassa
i dor Choate and others. The Earl of Jer
sey then presented medals to- the success
ful competitors. These medals are beauti
ful works of art in silver and bronze, with
the arms of the four colleges on either
side. As each man came up to the table
to (■(■,*■* his medal he was greeted with
cheers, many of the guests standing on
their chairs and waving their napkins.
Then came brief speeches from the cap
tains of the teams, Vassall saying he
hoped to go to America and give them
revenge.
PRAISE FOR THE LOSERS.
Englishmen Declare They Made a
Manly Struggle.
LONDON, July 22.— M. C. /J. Jackson,
bursar of Hartford College, who had
charg3 of the Oxford-Cambridge team,
said .of to-day's athletic contests:
"I'm really sorry that the Americans
had to lose, but they did it In a sports
manlike manner which is highly appreci
ated by every Englishman who was op
posed to them and by all who saw their
TWO FATAL
ACCIDENTS
REPORTED
■■ .
Careless Bursts of Speed That
May Cause More Strin
gent Regulations.
■-..': '. — * —
i devil-may-care automobilists. If such
j measures should be enacted and prove
I to be a., hindrance to the industry the
■ automobilists will have only them- ;
selves to blame.
In the meantime the sport is making j
. gigantic strides. Le Velo even an
nounces that the Pope has been con
| verted to : automobilism. The vehicle j
i said to have been selected by his Holi- i
ness, is an, electric cab. The Velo's cor- j
| respondent . declares ;• that he received j
the news .direct from the head of the
j company that has made it. This detail, |
in my opinion, instead of confirm.! I
i the truth of the news, gravely compro- i
I mises it. As the head of any firm which
had sold an automobile for the use of I
i the Pope or any one else of distinction, |
' he would have seen to it that the name
of his company was carefully inserted
I in every two or three lines of the para
\ graph announcing the purchase.
CANNOT PROCEED
WITHOUT NEW CYLINDER
SYRACUSE, N. V., July 22.— vex
ing delay in the automobile trip to San
Francisco has been brought about by
the accident which blew out the clyin
der of the carriage just as it arrived
here yesterday. Mr. Davis found it ut-.
terly impossible to proceed further this
morning without a new cylinder, and
this will not reach this city from the
factory until some time on Tuesday. If
possible, a start will be made on Tues
day morning, but it is quite possible
that Mr. Davis will be unable to get
away before Wednesday morning.
performances. They have been frank and
open with us throughout."
While Mr. Jackson was talking Mr.
Wendell, who had charge of the American
team, came up and shook hands with Mr.
Jackson, saying:
"I heartily congratulate you. We could
not both win, and lam sure to-day's con
test will cement the friendship between
the universities, and that our athletes will
always be good friends."
It was learned that Burke has been
troubled with his stomach ever since the
arrival of the team in England, although
Mr. Wendell managed to keep the secret,
and the athlete was by no means himself
to-day. . . yf.-f
The Prince of Wales was especially de
lighted with the hurdle race, and sent a
message of congratulation to Fox, the
winner of the event.
Steward S. Brooks of Tale, who held
the Yale quarter-mile record, said at the
conclusion of the games: "The friends of
Yale and Harvard are satisfied that the
team lost the games on merits. Of course
Burkes failure was the crucial test. That
is where we went down. That was due to
causes that could not have been prevented
and we have no explanation or excuses to
offer. It was evident when the race was
half run that Burke was not in the form
we anticipated. We expected to have
lost the hurdle race and the dash rather
than the half-mile, but that only shows
how difficult it is to determine specific
results on the day before a race."
E. J. Wendell, the Harvard steward,
said: "No word of explanation or excuse
can come from any friend of the Ameri
can team. We met in the handsomest
spirit and lost fairly on our merits or
demerits. Certainly no one can say more
of English hospitality or sportsmanship,
and no friend of Yale or Harvard has a
word of complaint to utter."
COUNTY TREASURER
SHORT IN ACCOUNTS
An Arizona Official Gets Into Trouble
by Lending Too Much
Money.
FLORENCE, Ariz.. July 22.— P.R. Brady
Jr., Treasurer of Pima County, is short
' $6000 or $7000 in his accounts. He failed to
make a settlement with the Supervisors,
who ordered his arrest for embezzlement.
Ii«. was taken before a Justice and placed
under $2500 bonds, his examination being
set for July 28. Brady claims to have
loaned to District Attorney Cassiday, since
deceased, $2000. He also loaned money to
i others. Brady has turned over his prop
en*-, valued at $2000, to his bondsmen. His
! family will probably make up the balance
of the shortage. The Supervisors de
clared the office vacant and appointed W.
Y. Price; a leading merchant, to fill the
; vacancy.
HOOTED BY NEWSBOYS.
Editor Hearst's Unpleasant Expe
rience With Young Strikers.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The newsboys'
strike against the World and Journal
promises to be successful. Popular sym
pathy is with the boys, who have pla
carded the city asking- the public not to
: buy yellow journals. The police interfere
oniv "when fie youthful strikers attempt
i violence, but do not tear down the notices
posted up. The newsboys stop World
1 and Journal wagons on Broadway and
scatter papers all over the street. They
snatch journals from the hands of
pedestrians. The World and Journal em
ploy men at $2 a day to sell papers.
William R. Hearst was in Herald
, Square to-night attempting to buy a copy
of the Evening Telegram. He was soon
• surrounded by a great mob of boys, who
hooted him. and for a while it looked as
jif they might attack him. He finally
! made his escape, followed by the howling
; strikers.
——. ■ ♦ «
Count Tasini, the Russian Embassador
to the United States, is a collector of
cigarette holders. He was disappointed
at learning the President did not smoke
cigarettes. yfy fff'f'-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
, ■ . ■. ARRIVED.
Saturday. July 22.
Stmr Fulton, 'Peterson. 5 days from Portland,
via Coos Bay and Eureka. ?7..'_
• SAILED.
'/7,,,., Saturday, July 23.
Stmr Lticlla, Miller. Tillamook U» v
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, V "
ACCEPTS
THE WAR
PORTFOLIO
Root Notifies His Willing
ness to Succeed
Alger.
WILL ENTER" CABINET
— — • —
The Retiring Secretary Preparing
a Statement in Defense of
His Administration. .
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
July 22. — Formal announcement of
Elihu Root's appointment as Secretary
of War was made to-day. He notified
the President of his acceptance early
this morning, and it is expected that he
| will come on to Washington to confer
I with him about the middle of next
week before he starts on his vacation.
It is also understood that he will be
here to formally relieve Secretary Alger j
on August 1, though it is probable !
that Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn j
will be left in charge of the War De- |
partment for a short time to enable
Mr. Root to close up his private affairs
before permanently taking hold here.
Mr. Root is personally known to most
of the members of the Cabinet, and his
appointment is heartily Indorsed by all
of them. The President's personal ac
quaintance with him. however, is lim
ited. He has always had a high regard
for his legal ability, however, and con
siders that he will be an acquisition to
the Cabinet from a social and political, j
as well as a legal standpoint.
Secretary Alger was one of the first
to congratulate Mr. Root upon his ap- |
pointment. He wrote him yesterday,
urging him to accept the appointment,
and wired him this afternoon congratu- j
lating him and thanking him for doing j
so. Alger had expected to make this
his last day at the War Department, as
Mr. Meiklejohn is expected to-night,
but it is understood that he has decided
to remain during the coming week in
order to close up a number, of impor
tant matters to which he desires to at
tach his signature before retiring to
private life. He is also at work upon a
statement in defense of his administra
tion of the War Department, which he
purposes giving to the public on the
day he becomes a private citizen.
Alger is uncertain as to his official
plans. I was told by one of hfs close !
personal friends to-day that it was by
no means certain that he would go Into
1 the coming Senatorial contest, and that
everything depended upon the state of
his health and the political situation
in Michigan during the coming fall.
Senator Burroughs of Michigan said
to-day: "I regret exceedingly the re
tirement of General Alger from the
Cabinet. I know of nothing in con
nection with his administration of the
War Department which would reflect
upon General Alger's integrity or pa
triotism. I think he has given to its
administration his best thoughts and
has conscientiously discharged his
duties, It must be, therefore, that he
retired for some personal reason of
which the public has no right to in
quire." .
Senator Burroughs spoke quite as en
thusiastically of Mr. Root's appoint
ment as he did regretfully of Mr. Al
ger's retirement. "Mr. Root is a splen
did constitutional lawyer," he said,
"and that is just the kind of a man
that the War Department needs at the
present time. We are nearing a point
when it will be necessary to establish
civil governments in the colonies to
.take the place of the military. The
change will involve many intricate
legal questions of a constitutional and
international character, and no one '■
who has not a well-trained legal mind !
can expect to successfully manage the
War Department during this period. I |
know r Mr. Root personally, and consider
him in every way thoroughly equipped
for the important task which will now j
devolve upon him."
■
ROOT'S CAREER
AS AN ATTORNEY
NEW TORK, July 22.— Elihu Root is
one of the most successful corporation
lawyers in New York. Born in Clinton,
a small town in Oneida County, N. V.,
fifty-six years" ago, the son of Professor
Oren Root of Hamilton College, he sup
ported himself by tutoring while study
ing law in the New York University
Law School. He was admitted to the
bar in 1867 and has won for himself his
practice, which is said to bring him an
income of $50,000 a year. He first came
into prominence as one of the counsel
for William M. Tweed in 1873.
Richard Croker in the campaign last
fall made a savage attack upon Mr.
Root. Croker asserted that Root had
received from Tweed four lots on Mad
ison avenue "at a nominal considera
tion of $20,000," and from Thomas H.
THIRD WEEK OF OUR '
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE.
PRICES CUT IN TWO*
MEN'S ALL-WOOL SUITS; in BOYS' VESTEE SUITS, sizes 3
Cheviots and Fancy Cassi- (pC QQ to 8, in Scotch mixtures, trimmed
meres. Cut from $10.00. J - * ith gjfiji braid < cut 01.75
from $3.00 to Q[
MEN'S BLACK CLAY WORSTED -~
SUITS, Sack or Frock, flftOOpffsOliSfto gj§
cut to OIU — 15, cut from $3.00 t0... OIL-
MEN'S ALL-WOOL COVERT 100 dozen BOYS ' KNEE p ANT s,
OVERCOATS, the latest 07,50 regular $1.00 Pants, cut Cfl n
cut and fashion, cut to. Q'l - to 3Uu
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY RETURNED,
Cl •Cl • \J[ LLjjJ JLdJnLm Cor. Grant Aye.
,._.,. . — — - — . — _^ — «
___^ MISCELLANEOUS.
nasal catarrh, asthma,
BRONCHITIS and CONSUMPTION
SPEEDY RELIEF AND RADICAL CURE.
Speedy and radical cure of NASAL CATARRH, THROAT DISEASES,
BRONCHITIS AND AFFECTIONS OF THE LUNGS, and all complaints
that lead to CONSUMPTION.
By DR. ABORN, 554 Sutter St.
All who are suffering from Catarrh of the Head— that loathsome disease,
so prolific of evil consequences — can be speedily and permanently cured if
they apply for treatment in season. There are thousands of cases of Throat
Disease, Bronchitis and Consumption due solely to Catarrh, to say nothing of
its less terrible consequences; Impaired Sense of Hearing, Smell, Taste and
Sight, the Loss of Hair and Teeth, the disgusting Effluvia of the Breath, the
Dingy Complexion. Dyspepsia, Neuralgia, etc. These are, in numberless
cases, caused solely by Catarrh of the Head. The disease afflicts thousands
who have never suspected its presence. Its symptoms are so diverse in dif-
ferent individuals as to often mislead the sufferer and his medical adviser.
The only safe and proper course is to have an examination from a physi-
cian competent to make a correct diagnosis, and to cure the evil when found
to exist. Dr. Aborn cures this loathsome disease after the ordinary modes of
treatment have failed, no matter how severe or aggravated the case may be or
of how long standing.
OVER 30 YEARS DEVOTED TO THE TREATMENT OF DISEASES OF
THE HEAD, THROAT AND LUNGS.
DR. ABORN'S TREATMENT
Gives instantaneous relief, builds up and revitalizes the whole constitution,
fortifies the system against colds and catarrhal affections and averts the ten-
dency or predisposition to consumption, and thereby prolongs life. 'y
DR. ABORN'S OFFICE AND RESIDENCE,
554 SUTTER ST., between Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal.
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric
cars at San Jose depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer to
Powell, corner of Ellis; get off corner Sutter and Powell streets.
OFFICE HOURS. 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4.
I Ingersoll, who was convicted with
j Tweed, one lot for "a nominal consid- j
' eration of $10,000." When Mr. Root
was asked if he had any reply to make
he said: "Not a word. I shall have
nothing to say now or at any other i
time. I shall ignore the whole mat- '
ter."
Mr. Root in 18S6, when the Senate was
! investigating the Broadway franchise ;
j steal, was counsel for C. F. Frothing
i ham and others who had invested in i
i the securities of the Broadway road.
: The franchise had been granted illegal- ;
| ly, and the question was whether it be
longed to the people or to the investors,
and it was suggested that bribery,
i fraud and general corruption had been :
I employed. The securities finally passed j
Into the hands of the Metropolitan
Traction Company, of which Mr. Root !
is chief counsel.
Among the noteworthy cases in which
Mr. Root has appeared was that
against the whisky trust in 1892, when
an attempt was made in Massachusetts
to have it declared illegal. Mr. Root '
appeared in defense of the trust.
Mr. Root has been an independent
Republican in local politics, and for
many years was one of the leaders in
the fight against the Piatt machine. He
is still attorney for the Traction Com- j
'■ pany, and its counsel have given Mr. *
' Vreeland opinions to the effect that the ■
i ten-hour law is not worth the paper
that it is written on, and pointing out
ways of evading it.
Politicians fear that Mr. Root will b<*
a heavy load for the administration to
carry next fall, as labor leaders declare
that the ten-hour law will be made an
i Issue in the campaign, and that Presi
dent McKinley must answer for his sec- \
retary.
Mr. Root was mentioned prominently
for Embassador to Great Britain when j
Joseph H. Choate was chosen. Mr. Root j
has never had anything to do with mili- .
tary affairs. He is reserved and digni
fied in his manner, and is an eloquent
and convincing speaker.
DELEGATES ADOPT THE
ARBITRATION SCHEMf
The Third Committee of the Interna
tional Peace Congress Con
cludes Its Labors.
THE HAGUE. July 22.— The third com- '
mittee of the International Peace Con- ;
ference held a session to-day under the j
presidency of Leon Bourgeois of the I
French delegation and adopted article 9 ;
as modified. The article now reads: "In
International disputes involving neither
country's honor nor essential interests,
arising from a divergence of opinion on!
points of fact, the signatory powers deem i
it advisable that parties which are unable \
to agree by diplomatic means shall Insti
tute, so far as circumstances will permit,
an official inquiry, whose duty It shall be •
to facilitate the solution of these disputes
by clearing up the questions of fact by
means of an impartial, conscientious ex
amination."
After adopting article 9 and passing the >
second reading of the five articles dealing
with commissions of inquiry, the commit
tee adopted, with slight verbal modifica
tions, articles 36 to .it* of the arbitration
scheme, and then adopted the scheme as
a whole, bringing the labors of the com
mittee to a successful conclusion.
Count Nigra, head of the Italian delega
tion, on behalf of his colleagues thanked ;
M. Bourgeois, who. Count Nigra said, had !
directed the discussions "with distinction, j
authority and impartiality," and in a con- ;
ciliatory spirit.
The committee will meet formally on
Tuesday next to read the minutes of its j
proceedings, and afterward a plenary
meeting of the conference will be held for
the final acceptance of the arbitration
scheme. - .; . .." ; . ~'~ : " .
The entire proceedings are expected to
be brought to an end by the latter part of '
next week. The technical delegates are
already leaving.
Browned in Chino Valley.
ASH FORK. Ariz.. July Mrs. E. L
Patterson of Los Angeles was, drowned
last night while attempting to ford a
swollen mountain stream in Chino Valley.
MORE TROUBLE FOR
UNION BANK OFFICIALS
Depositors Threaten to Institute Pro
ceedings on Criminal
Charges.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— There is a possi
bility that criminal proceedings will be
commenced against the Board of Di
rectors that was in charge of the Union
Pavings Bank when it failed. For
some time depositors have not been
pleased with the way the settlement
has been turning out. Although the
old officials assured them they would
receive dollar for dollar, it is said the
depositors will not get over 40 cents on
the dollar.
At a largely attended meeting of de
positors to-day a resolution was intro
duced authorizing the chairman to ap
point a committee of five to investigate
the advisability of commencing pro
ceedings against certain members >•!
the old board of officials. The resolu
tion carried unanimously, but there was
a hitch in the selecting of the commit
tee. This committee will be named at
a meeting to be held next Saturday.
The report of the expert on the bank's
books showed there was negligence for
years in the institution's bookkeeping
The report virtually states that the
| system of keeping books was so mixed
! that the expert was unable to tell
whether there had been any crooked
| ness on the part of officials or not. It
is said the depositors propose to inves
-1 tigate and they declare If there is any
wrong-doing the guilty ones will be
punished.
The management committee of the
depositors consists of H. A. ; Marckres,
Page Hollister, G. B. Hurlburt. F. Man
hire, G. Mcßrier, J. D. Shafter. F. F.
Button, Luis Argues, E. T. Pettit. A. E.
Holmes, H. T. Besse and C. W. Childs.
It is from this committee that a sub
committee will be appointed to conduct
the investigation.
RURALES FOR CUBA
AND PORTO RICO
The United States to Organize a
Military System Patterned
After That of Mexico.
MONTEREY, Mexico, July Lieuten
ant Powell Clayton Jr. of the Fifth United
States Cavalry passed through here to
: day on his way to the City of Mexico,
where he is military attache on the staff
of Minister Powell Clayton. Lieutenant
Clayton is returning from "Washington,
where he presented to the War Depart
ment an exhaustive report on the 3ubjecl
of the rural military organization of Mex
ico known as the rurales.
The United States War Department pro
poses to form a similar military organiza
tion for service in Cuba and Porto Rico,
and Lieutenant Clayton was instructed
about two months ago to make a study
of the Mexican rurales and submit a re
port on that organization to the War De
partment at the earliest possible moment.
Ramirez, chief of the rurales, rendered
Lieutenant Clayton much valuable assist
ance in his work. There are seven regi»
ments of rurales in Mexico, and they ar«
distributed throughout the mountain dis.
trlcts. where they are the terror of th«
few existing bands of brigands.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FASTIDIOUS MAN
Always sees that his linen and fancy
vests are well laundered, white and im-
maculate. We are catering just now
to the summer man in laundering
everything that is necessary to his hot
weather apparel. Negligee shirts, duck,
pique and crash suits, fancy vests and
white linen collars, shirts and cuffs.
Ladies' shirt waists, dickies, etc., we
launder just like new.
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office, 542 Eleventh St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative. Invlgorator and Ner-
vine. ■'-/■■ 'rr..
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on It. own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market street. S. (Send for Circular.)
gggg§Dß.l^L'S REINVIGORATOR
mHITHEj Five hundred reward fur any
__!« *Ta case we cannot cure. This secret
a — __g3 remedy stops all losses in 24
jj&_ W>Mf>. hours, curt-3 Emissions, lrap.i-
fjjpi _!_mll tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
*_■___■ KM Gleet. ' Fits. Strictures. Lost
m^m^JSfß Manhood and all wasting effects
"*' a ~x_ rj of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sal*, at 1073% Market st., 8. F. All private
i diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.WELLS-FARGO
MUST DISGORGE
Knock-Out Blow to Its
Portland Bank.
— * —
PAYMENT FOR STOCK SOLD
— * —
DECISION SUSTAINS CLAIMS OF
THOSE FROZEN OUT.
*
Confiscation of Over Sixty Thousand
Dollars' Worth of Stock De
clared to Have Been
Unlawful.
■ ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. July 22.— Wells, Fargo
& Company's bank got a knock-down
blow in a decision rendered to-day by
Judge Alfred F. Sears Jr.. in the State
Circuit Court, in the case of George H.
Williams, Henry Welnhard. Cleveland
Rockwell and others versus the Com
mercial National Bank, which ls the
predecessor of Well, Fargo & Com
pany's bank in Portland.
Judge Sears' decision gives compen
sation to stockholders who were frozen
out two years ago by the Commercial
National Bank (practically Wells. Far
go & Company, who owned a controll
ing interest).
The suits were brought to recover
the value of stock sold because Of the
non-payment of an assessment of $50
per share. The assessment was levied
because the bank alleged that the stock
was impaired. The plaintiffs contended
that the assessment was levied con
trary to law. for the reason that it was
not first authorized at a shareholders'
meeting.
Th- bank, in Its answer, claimed the
plaintiffs were estopped for the reason
that at the meeting of the sharehold
ers, held January 12, 1897, a report was
made to the meeting that the directors
had made a levy on the stock, and no
protest was made by the stockholders;
that if a protest had been made, plain
tiff's stock would not have been sold.
It was also alleged that no claim was
filed by plaintiffs after the bank went
Into liquidation, and that the bank as
sets had been sold to Wells. Fargo &
Company for $250,000. and the money
distributed to the stockholders.
To these answers, the plaintiffs filed
a demurrer, and Judge Sears to
day sustained the demurrer, holding
that these answers are no defense, arid
that the bank is liable for the value of
the stock. The value will have to be
ascertained by a jury.
Between $60,000 and $70,000 of the
stock was confiscated by the bank at
the time mentioned, and though the
suit just decided does not include all
of the stockholders who lost their
stock, yet all who were zen out will
get the benefit of the decision.
WHITTIER TRUSTEES.
Dr. Walter Lindley Elected President
of the Board.
LOS ANGELES. July 22.— The Whlttier
Reform School board of trustees to
night for the first time in the past three
years cam 0 under Republican rule. Dr.
[Walter Lindley of Los Angeles was elect
ed chairman of the board, and Mrs. Kdin j
A. Mitchell vice chairman. Mrs. Mitchell
Will have charge of the girls' department
of the school. Other officers elected are:
F A. Maginnis; commissary: W. G. Mc-
Mullen: farmer, vice J. S. Wood, made i
captain of Company A; A. H. Jones. Pasa. ;
rtena. night watchman: W. J. McDonald.
Alhambra: night watchman: R. J. Long- j
fellow; Riverside, night watchman.
A resolution introduced by Dr. .Indley
c:->mm«=r,ding the administration of Mrs.
Mitchell was adopted.
MANGLED BY A TRAIN.
Intoxicated Man Goes to Sleep Be
tween the Rails.
SANTA BARBARA. July 22.— Engine
13319. rawing the regular evening train,
ran *->ver and horribly mutilated the body
of Henry Pag-*- this evening near the
Chnpala-street depot. Page was lying be
tween the rail?, intoxicated. Engineer
Have? saw an object lying on the track,
but. thinking it a black dog which usually
lies there and gets up as the train ap
proaches, he paid no attention to it. When
the train struck the body he realized that
he" had gone over nettling, and on
reaching the depot, a block away, he went
back .and found Page's mangled body. An
iniuest will be heir', to-morrow, and it is
believed arrests will be made. Pace was
£6 y?ars old and a native of Santa Bar
bara. He was a pardener by trade.
REMNANTSALE.
EXTRA ! EXTRA !
DRESS GOODS. |
REMNANTS OF
FANCY NOVELTY SUITINGS.
44 Inches wide: colored grounds, with
black figured effects: wool and mohair.
Regular value 35c yard.
Only 15 Cents.
We have on our remnant table this week
over 1000 ends in
BLACK AND COLORED
DRESS GOODS.
Lengths from IH to 8 yards, which you can
buy at half the original value.
These are a few of the BARGAINS:
REMNANTS OF
ENGLISH COVERT CLOTHS.
Su inches wide, hard finished; the regular
EOc kind.
Only 25c per yard.
REMNANTS OF
SILK-FACED VELVETS.
Almost every shade; .egular $1 quality.
Only 50c per yard.
REMNANTS OF
ENGLISH STORM SERGES.
Navy and black, the only colors left; 42
Inches wide: Bold usually at 35c.
Only 19 Cents.
THESE GOODS ON SALE AT MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
ITALY MAY ASK
FOR INDEMNITY
Investigation of Lynch
ing in Louisiana.
— ♦ —
STATE DEPARTMENT ACTS
— »
NO FEAR OF ANY INTERNA
TIONAL COMPLICATIONS.
*
If the Five Victims Are Found to Be
Italian Subjects This Gov
ernment Will Maka
Reparation.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
1 < * >^
ROME. July 22.— Fanfulla,
commenting upon the lynching of
the Italians at Tallulah in Madi
son parish, Louisiana, yester
day, recalls similar cases which
have occurred in the past, and
while stigmatizing such savage
acts, deplores the indifference of
the United States Government,
which, the Fanfalla says, has not
strength to vanquish fratrical
prejudices and some times, as in
the case of the shooting of min
ers at Hazelton. refuses all ex
planation of and satisfaction for
the lynching.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. July .-.-With the assur
ances already informally made by the
State Department, coupled with expres
sions of regret, that the United States will
take proper action relative to the lynch
ing of the five Italians in Louisiana there
is no reason to tear any serious Interna
tional complications between this country
and Italy. So formal demand has been
made by the Italian Government, and
none will be made until all the facts are
known. If Investigation proves that the
men who were lynched; or an of them,
were Italian subjects Italy will undoubt
edly- make a .demand for indemnity.
Two conferences were held to-day be
tween Count Vinehi, Italian Charge d Af
faires; and Assistant Secretary of St^e
Hill. The Italian representative laid be
fore the State Department this dispatch
from the acting Italian Consul In New
Orleans: "Our Consular agent at \ icks
burg reports (ive lynched at Tallulah. ile
has gone there to investigate.' - Thiswas
he only official information Count V incni
had to'give the department, but he ex
pressed the hope on behalf of his Govern
ment that th*- United States would as
speedily as possible take steps to investi
gate the case and to punish the offenders.
The Count's manner was diplomatic and
.... - Later in the day he called to
inquire" for any further information tne
State Department hau received.
He was assured that prompt steps had
been taken to ascertain the facts, and
with this assurance the Count returned
to his offlce and cabled his Government
that proper reparation might be expected.
Count Vlnchi stated that he had no
doubt whatever that a satisfactory ad
justment • would be secured. Dispatches
from New Orleans this afternon state
that some of the men had applied for nat
uralization papers. Copies of the court
record will be called for by the Depart
ment and if it is found that any of the
me-i are Italian subjects the department
will probably follow the same course as
in the Mafia'cases in New Orleans in 1S?0.
In the«=e cases recommendations were
made to Congress for an appropriation to
Indemnify the families of the deceased
men The United States Government paid
the lemnitv without admitting the right'
ofiltalv to demand it. but as a mark of
friendship.
FOUND AXMC3T FAMISHED.
Missing Girl Discovered by a Moun
tain View Constable.
SAN JOSE. July 22.— Martha Munson,
a 14-year-old girl; who mysteriously dis
appeared from the home of Mrs. H. Gil
son at Menlo Park last Tuesday, was
found to-day in a famishing condition
near Mountain View by Constable Mar
tin. She had packed up her clothes and
left whore she was working without say
ing a word to any one. The girl was ir a
dazed condition, and it is thought she
wandered away while suffering from
slight dementia. She could give no ac
count of herself, except that she had been
three days without food and was very
hungry. _
—^ — -♦
Spread of the Plague.
LONDON". July 22.— The Colonial Offlce
announce? that the bubonic plague has
spread from Hongkong and Mauritius to
Renin. There were thirty-six cases at
Mauritius during the week ending July
20. of which twenty-nine resulted fatally.
COTTON GOODS.
REMNANTS OF COLORED
DOTTED SWISS,
Plain and Figured
DIMITIES,
''■ Plain Colored
CREPON
! And Figured
ORGANDIES
Were 15, 20 and 25c yard. On sals at
5 Cents.
i Half Pairs and Single Pairs of
LACE CURTAINS,
IN NOTTINGHAM. BRUSSELS NET.
; IRISH POINT AND SWISS CURTAINS.
Also Half Pairs
CHENILLE PORTIERES,
SLIGHTLY SOILED.
i In a great assortment: formerly sold from
: V to $25 a pair. WILL CLOSE OUT
I THESE GOODS DURING THIS SALE AT
] ABOUT
Half Regular Price.
REMNANTS- OF FANCY PLAIDS.
DRESS GOODS.
Large variety of coloring*, double fold;
: gold regularly at 25c yard.
Only 10c yard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
CODE COMMISSION
NAMED BY GAGE
FREEMAN, DENIS
AND VAN FLEET
The Call's Prophecy Is
Fulfilled.
»
PLACE FOR W. F. FITZGERALD
— ♦ —
APPOINTED SUPERIOR JUDGE OP
LOS ANGELES.
♦
His Elevation Cause* a Sensation,
as He Had Not Been Regarded
as a Friend of the
Governor.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
The Governor has named A. C.
Freeman, W. C. Van Fleet and George
J. Denis to be Code Commissioners,
and The Call begs to submit that one
more of its prophecies concerning
the action of Mr. Gage has come true.
LOS ANGELES. July Governor
Gage, who Is in this city, to-uay an
nounced the following appointments:
W. F. Fitzgerald to succeed the late
Judge W. H. Clark as Superior Judge of
Los Angeles County: A. C. Freeman. W.
C. Van Fleet and George J. Denis to be
Code Commissioners.
Governor Gage cast a bombshell among
• the local lawyers by appointing cx
i Supreme Justice Fitzgerald. Although the
: Governor for ten days had his mind made
! up to appoint Fitzgerald there was
' scarcely a lawyer outside of the favored
i circle who was even so much as aware
: that Judge Fitzgerald's name had been
! suggested. The general opinion among
I the attorneys of this city was that the
! ermine was about to be thrust on the
' shoulders of Bradner W. Lee. Judge
'■■ Variel could have had the position, but
j his private practice is so large that he
i would not have been justified In accepting.
In fact. In the race there were twelve
i Ixis Angeles attorneys. It is conceded
here by Fitzgerald's friends that he has
: never been one of Governor Gage's friends
> and has been regarded as a bitter enemy
of Dan Burns since ISM. Some think that
I Gage wishes to show his gratitude to Fitz
gerald for having retired from the guber
j natorial nomination. A few others think
; that George Denis, Colonel Tom Lewis
i and R. B. Carpenter turned the trick for
; their friend Fitzgerald. But the lawyers
i of this city say that Gage would hardly
slap the local bar In the face to do a
: kindness to three friends. The rumored
: reason for the appointment that is abroad
j to-night, and one that finds more adher
! ents, is that it Is an attempt to placate
Harrison Gray Otis of the Times and
, bring him into line to support the present
* n rr_ Q m,n i= nno of the best known lawyers in the State. He was a member of the second Constltu
« w-^^n^on [n 79 bdng Elected from the Sacramento district, and was trustee of the State Library from 18S2
S .S'rtXS Reports," a standard work. end is at the present time a member of the law
firm of Frerman & Bates has but lately stepped from the Supreme bench ofthe State, having served some years as As
sociate Justice He "SsemSan from Sacramento in 1881. Prison Director in ISB3-84 and Superior Judge of Sacra
mOTHo^o^7nSjnDSs to hifl'he distinction of being the law partner of Governor Gage. He was a newspaper reporter
in I. " Angeles Tn early years and served as United States District Attorney for the Southern District during the sec
ond Cleveland administration.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE !
OF THE PACIFIC COAST j
Officers Ordered to Various Depart
ments to Aid in Buying Cavalry
Horses for the Philippines.
WASHINGTON. July 22.-The Postoirlce
Senator, San Diego County, will be dis
continued after July 31. Mail should we
pent to Yuma. Oliver C. Gilson has been
appointed Postmaster at Terminal. Cal. !
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War acting Assistant Surgeon
Carl H. Anderson, United States army,'
will proceed from this city to San Fran
cisco and report in person to the com
manding general. Department of Califor
nia for assignment to duty. Acting As
sistant Surgeon Guy G. Bailey will pro
ceed from Mackinac Island, Mich., to San
Francisco and report for assignment to :
temporary duty. !.___. i_;«_i
The following officers of the medical
department, now on duty In the Philip
nine Islands, are relieved from further ;
station and duties in the Department of \
the Columbia: Captain Paul F. Straub, j
assistant surgeon, from station at Fort
Wrangle (camp at Skaguay, Alaska ;
First Lieutenant Franklin M. Kemp, as- j
sistant surgeon, from station at Vancou
ver barracks. .,,.;
Private Owen Whitten. Fourth United I
States Cavalry, and Recruits Ed Carlson, j
Joseph L. Copeland, Hugh L. Davis, Al- i
bert H Ebbert, Joseph J. Farren, Frank
x Fees, Fred Fisher. John C. Fulton,
George H. Gannon. Elmer W. Garrett,
Robert E. Gill. John C. Glover. Henry J.
Haskstt, Rudolph W. Haase. Frank
Himebaugh, Lucius L. Knight, Carl D.
Letts John J. Lindsey. Ben F. Mathies.
Gale S. McCarty. Robert McCollough, ,
Chris A. Miller. Frank B. Nixon. Martin .
H O'Connor. Adelbert J. Peckham, Louis j
C Rise Charles Shumate. Isidor Sonna
bend, James Sorahan, Alexander Stanton,-
Arthur Waite and James H. Wiles, gen- I
eral service, unassigned. now at the Pre
sidio are discharged the service of tha
United States. '.'■ I
The telegraphic instructions of July 7
directing the discharge without honor, by
reason of fraudulent enlistment, of Re- \
cruits Charles Huber, William Wieprecht,
Andrew Gaddis, Presidio, are confirmed. ;
Private George W. Halstead. Battery O. j
Third United States Artillery, now at j
Fort Wintield Scott, Presidio, is, upon
his own application, transferred to Bat- I
tery X Third United States Artillery. He
will be sent to the station of that battery
at Manila on a Government transport.
The telegraphic instructions directing
the discharge of Private Lewis A. Becker,
Company D. Nineteenth United States In
fantry, Presidio, are confirmed.
The following officers and employees will
proceed at once to the headquarters of the
departments specified and report in per- I
W. F. FITZGERALD, Appointed Superior
Jud?e of Los Angeles County.
administration, for it is known that Otis
favored Fitzgerald and that his relations
with Gage have never been of a Pythian
nature.
Some local politicians declare that Gage
intended to show his independence of
Colonel Burns, but those who came over
from Catalina to-night say that Burns
had given his consent to the appointment.
They declare Burns has been aware of
NEW CODE COMMISSION.
son to the respective chief quartermasters
of these departments, for the purpose of
assisting in the purchase of cavalry horses
for troops in the Philippine Islands, and
upon completion of this duty will return
to their proper stations: To the Depart
ment of Dakota- Major Edward A. Good
win. Seventh United States Cavalry: Cap
tain August P. Blocksom, Sixth United
States Cavalry. and Veterinary Surgeon
Sidney 1.. Hunter. United States Infantry
and Cavalry School; Captain William W.
Forsyth and Veterinary Surgeon John B.
Gilpin. Sixth United States Cavalry. To
the Department of California— Captain
Walter L. Finley and Veterinary Surgeon
Alexander Macdonald. Ninth United
States Cavalry. To the Department of
the Columbia — Captain Robert P. P.
Wainwright and Veterinary Surgeon Will
iam H. Going. First United States Cav
alry-.
Pensions: California— Original— A lbertus
Bedient. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. 56;
Johnston T. Getchell. Glencoe, $6; Gardner
G. Syms, Los, Angeles, $6. Additional—
Levi Morris, Crescent City. $2 to SS.
Restoration and increase — Jesse Li
kens. San Jose, $S to $17. Increase
Bravton D. Gardner, Perrys, $6 to
$12; Isidore Lamoreaux, Clayton, $S to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Phoebe A. Follet,
San Francisco, $S; Mary W. Hurd, San
Diego, $8.
Oregon: Increase— George M. Wright,
Ashland. $6 to $S.
Washington Original widows, etc.—
Louisa L. King, Fall City, $_.
Electric Belts for 5 Gents.
c"We manufacture electric belts, and, as
/'/ jS. a matter of fact, could furnish them for
L $ b » flve cents apiece, if we chose to do so and
I x "V.Ja thus throw away money: but of course
ill. ,-r— « /- »«vi we don't do it. We DO. however, sell
) , if /^7 f^wS electric belts as low as $3 50 each, and
(fox ""ff w*&M similar in quality to those sold by cer-
¥(r * - \ tm tain druggists and electric belt quacks
V - -s ?+y_fk_iffl at much higher prices. We also make
& the BEST Electric Belt on earth, which
J '"S^^^&l % we sell at REASONABLE PRICES, and
S/'// fly ''* * Hwy m. . if this is the kind of a belt you want
f/2f&/yf\S ■•» .. -..,■ v ->-N^b4 please make a note of our advice —
if^'l ' : !&t ''J ' '^bjililr BUY KO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
W\V^\S'Sk ;^^^S PIERCES."
\^\\^w\V\\W^C^_l^'e^^«'V Call at th» offlce or send 2c in stamps
V\W V, A^pifi^BS(i J for "PAMPHLET NO. 2." Address
x X -f^mp PIERCE ELECTRIC CO..
v \ ■IP 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
' " San Francisco.
every move that Gage has made, and that
the coming to the southland was seven
eighths political and one-eighth personal.
Some time ago Judge Fitzgerald was ap
proached and asked if he would accept
the place if it were tendered him. The
offer was made to him on behalf of Gov
ernor Gage by George J. Denis at San
Francisco a few days ago. Mr. Denis
having gone north at the Governor's re
quest for that purpose. He arrived home
yesterday afternoon, and Judge Fitzger
ald's appointment was made public this
morning.
Governor Gage when seen to-night said
that he did not know when Judge Fitz
gerald would assume his new duties.
FERRYBOAT SAN RAFAEL
ALMOST IN COLLISION
Barely Escapes Crashing Into the
Leader While Backing Out of
Her Slip.
SAUSALITO, July 22 —A threatened col- i
i lision between the ferryboat San Rafael
and the Stockton river steamer Leader i
j this evening caused a panic among the
passengers. From the statements of per
■ sons aboard the San Rafael It would ap
| pear that a disaster was narrowly averted.
The San Rafael started to back out of !
her slip to make her regular 6 o'clock trip
! to Sausalito just as the Leader backed
! out of her slip, two piers to the north.
As the ferryboat is a '"single ender" she
has to swing around In a circle to head to
ward Alcatraz. The stern of the San Ra
fael in turning about was swung across
. the stern of the Leader, something which
: the passengers assert appeared to be un- I
expected by the captain of the Leader. i
1 For a half minute it looked as if the j
: Stockton boat was sure to back into the I
: San Rafael, and everybody aboard hustled ;
about in lively style to prepare tor the
worst. Full steam was put on the San
Rafael by Captain McKenzie, and the !
speedy little ferryboat shot past the !
stern "of the Leader with only a few feet
I to spare.
DEWEY TO STAY
ON THE OLYMPIA
— — ♦
Will Not Visit Austria's
Emperor.
— • —
HARRIS GOES TO VIENNA
- — • —
TO RETURN IN TIME TO SAY
FAREWELL TO ADMIRAL.
»
Then the Hero of Manila Bay Intends
to Proceed On the Cruiser
r to Naples and
Genoa.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
TRIESTE. July 22.— Admiral Dewey
came ashore this morning for a drive with
United States Minister Harris.
It is stated authoritatively that the ad
miral will not meet the Emperor at
Ischla nor go to Vienna to-morrow with
Minister Harris, but will remain on the
Olympia during her stay here.
To-morrow Captain Lamberton of the
Olympia and some of the cruiser's officers
will go to Venice for a few days' visit.
Mr. Harris will go to Vienna, but will
return at the end of the week to bid fare
well to Admiral Dewey, who will then go
on the Olympia to Naples and Genoa.
LEVEE CAVING AWAY.
Serious Situation at a Point on
Feather River.
MARYSVILLE. July 22.— The condition
of the levee along the Feather River at
the lower part of Nicolaus is becoming
serious. For several hundred feet the em
bankment and levee are gradually caving
into the stream. The current at that
place sets Into the bank with considerable
force and the lower strata of sand soon
washes out. allowing the top crust to
cave. This has been going on for some
time. An effort has been made to get the
Government engineers to take hold of the
matter but with little success.
In the Interests of navigation and the
preservation of the river, the Government
or State should repair the damage done
and put the bank In good condition. Sev
eral plans have been considered, such as
piling the bank, building the levee around
the place or putting ln wing dams to turn
the current in another direction; but any
of these would be too costly for the local
levee district to be asked to- defray the ex
pense and it is earnestly hoped substan
tial aid can be obtained to repair the dam
i age done the bank and levee before the
i winter season.
STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.
Two Men Narrowly Escape Death in
Modoc County.
MARYSVILLE. July 22.— J. H. Brock
man, a cattle buyer, who recently re
turned from a trip to Modoc County, gives
an account of a singular experience his
party had in a thunderstorm last week.
Four of the men had gone out after a
band of sheep, leaving at the camp one of
the drivers and another man.
A thundershower came up. The camp
was under a large tree, and the two men
were seated near the trunk, when light
ning struck lt. burning the trunk and
scattering the bark in all directions. A
wool sack which covered some mutton was
hanging In the tree and was burned, with
about twenty feet of rope. Leaning
against the tree was a spade and the
handle was shattered and broken In many
pieces A do_r Ivlng near the spade was
instantly killed. The two men were
stunned for several moments, and they
consider themselves lucky to have es
caped with their lives.
y S^tSs 9 Bf » » ■ * *»^H y»
j§( A man's appearance has a great deal to do I
\ I with his success in every way. |
1 These $8 suits have a tip-top appearance — 9
1 they look almost as well as suits for twice the j
1 money. Of course, they will not wear as long as |
| the higher-priced- suits, but they wear long enough
; 1 to warrant our guaranteeing them. *{
> They are worth $8 to any one ; yet we will \
I give the $8 back to any customer who does not |
think so.
1 Remember our guarantee — we protect you : |
I Money returned if you want it ; or I
I Suit kept in repair free for one year. \W* I
I BOYS' SAILOR SUITS. I
'M Blue materia!— Serges and Cheviots— some with green collar and §
| shield, many rows of soutache braid; others with red inbii collar trimmed p
ft with white soutache; some made up plain— the only trimming, stars en ■
-J collar and shield; others with white or red soutache braid. Ages 3to 10 I \
fy years. We have heretofore sold these suits for $4 and $5, tut they are I
jj now cut to . I
153.00* 1
XsJjwgftX - *;^^X I
1 (^S.N.WOODeCO^) I
1 \jg|£/ 7IBMARKETSTr N^o^/
a Out-of-town orders filled — write us. r|
MORE SURGEONS
NEEDED AT MANILA
Thousands of Soldiers
in Hospitals.
— — — ♦ —
OTHERS NOT FIT FOR SERVICE
— ♦ —
MANY ON DUTY WHO ARE TOO
SICK FOR WORK.
♦
Recommendation Recently Made by
Chief Surgeon Woodhull for
an Increase of His
Staff Vetoed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. July 19, via Hongkong, July
22.— Chief Surgeon Woodhull considers
that the increase in the military force in
the Philippine Islands will necessitate
the employment of forty additional sur
geons. Surgeon "Woodhull's recommenda
tion to that effect has been disapproved
by Major General E. S. Otis, command
ing the United States forces here.
There are nearly 3000 soldiers in the hos
pitals. The official report last week
shows ISO) in hospital in Manila and there
are several hundred at San Fernando and
other garrisons. There are also 27.7 sick
ln quarters in Manila. The regimental
surgeons report that large numbers of
soldiers on duty are unfit for service.
GERMAN COMMENT
ON THE CAMPAIGN
BERLIN, July 22.— The Philippine cam
paign has been alluded to frequently this
week in the newspapers. The Kreuz Zeit
ung says the Americans are making no
progress in spite of exertion.
The Boersen Courier, referring to ef
forts made in Washington to raise new
troops, says: "The United States is ap
parently developing into a military state,
after the example of European countries."
Newspapers here print a letter from a
German at Manila giving the following
account of things there:
"American officers hold brilliant recep
tions in private houses and in the Casino
at Malate, to which they invite prominent
Filipinos. The last week in June there
was a great festival and which ended with
a ball and fireworks. Four-fifths of the
guests were Filipinos. All the ladies were
invited to appear in picturesque native
costumes. But while the American civil
officials are leading the Filipinos into
fraternizing and feteing the two armies
are constantly fighting. Everywhere the
Filipinos have strong corps pushed close
upon the American lines, and wherever a
patrol leaves the main body it finds Itselt
in the presence of the enemy and threat
ened with being surrounded.
"The Americans take revenge by having
ships fire upon Filipinos wherever a few
show themselves in order to bathe. How
helpless are the Americans outside of
Manila is shown by the capture of two of
ficials of the hospital ship Relief. This
vessel took a short sail under the protec
tion of the cannon of the warships oft
Paranaque. and was suddenly surrounded
by native boats, and the natives captured
them." _______^____—
ACQUITTED A SECOND TIME.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, I ?'.'. by James Gor
don Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO, July 22.— A jury has
for the second time acquitted Rolllno
Aredondo. the murderer of President
Idlarte Borda. Among the arguments
brought forward In the prisoner's behalf
was one that it was not proved that thg
President's death was caused directly by
the shot, as no autopsy had been held on
the body.
34
NAVAL GUNNERY
TO BE IMPROVED
England Learns a Les
son From America.
— • —
GREATER ACCURACY DESIRED
— ♦ —
OPERATIONS WITH A HUGE
FLEET.
-♦
Maneuvers Off the British Coast
Will Cause a Test of Torpedoes
Against Torpeo Boat
Destroyers.
*
Copyrighted. 1599, by the Associated Pre§».
LONDON, July 22.— The close of . the
most dreary sessions of Parliament with
in the memory of men now living is in
sight. The members of the House of Com
mons expect to flit about August 1, in time
to reach the \ moors for the opening of |
grouse shooting, which begins August 21. j
The Government has met many rebuffs '
in both houses of Parliament, and the
reduced majorities with which they have i
carried some pet measures have consti
tuted mora] victories for the opposition. !
The Conservative leaders, in short, have
displayed their usual vaceilation, inde- i
cision and feebleness in resisting the de
mands of the "classes against me
masses." Lobbying has been more preva
lent than ever before. Unfortunately for ,
the success of tiie Liberal party the l* ad- j
ers on that side have shown little aptitude j
to score off the numerous shortcomings of j
the Tories or to profit by the rebellious
ness that several Government measures
awakened in the ranks of Lord Salisbury's
adherents. in short, the Liberals have
shown themselves rather demagogical op- ;
posers than initiators of a new line of
policy. Otherwise they might more than \
once have forced a dissolution of Parlia
ment and appealed to the country with j
success.
The determination of the admiralty to j
Improve the gunnery of the navy has
come none too soon in the opinion of ex- J
perts, and tliere is general satisfaction
that the authorities have decided to foi
low the example of the United States
navy and double the allowance of ammu- •
nition for firing practice. The recent "un- ■
pleasantness" between the United States
and Spain, demonstrating the admirable j
gunnery of the American navy, coupled
with official returns just Issued and show
ing tiiat the best British gunners failed to
hit the target seventy out of every one i
hundred shots, has 'awakened the ad- ;
miralty to the necessity of mending mat- j
In his statement in the House of Com- 1
mons relative to the ship building vote
the Right Hon. George J. Goschen, tir.:
I ord of the Admiralty, practically cor
roborated the recent statement of an
admiralty official to the Associated Press l
"that for its size the American navy is
as flne a navy as ever i listed and much
could be learned from it," and that mean- ;
while he hoped that the naval intelligei.ee
would be enhanced.
The mobilization of a huge fleet en
gaged in the present maneuvers is carry
ing out a plan of operations of the most
interesting character. The plan supposes
Great Britain to he at war with a Conti- |
l ental power and a convoy of British
merchant ships carrying food and supplies
is crossing the Atlantic from Halifax un-
Ider a small escort. The enemy sends a
fleet to intercept the convoy and (rreat *
Britain sends a fleet to Intercept that of
its adversary. The enemy, however, re- .
lies upon numerous torpedo boats issuing
from Irish ports for the purpose of har
rassing the British while he captures the
convoy. Great Britain, on the other hand,
relies upon torpedo boat destroyers to
cope with the torpedo boats and give free
play to the seagoing ships. The real test
is "thus torpedoes gainst torpedo boat
destroyeVs. The result must be most ln
teresting and must largely control the fu
ture poiicv with regard to the building
Of torpedo boat destroyers. ' . -
What President Kruger declined to
yield to the petitions of the I Itlanders
and the arguments of the British High
Commissioner of South Africa Sir Alfred
MllnerJ lie seems inclined to yield to the
more forcible hints of the war Office
comprised in unobtrusive but obvious mil- :
itari preparations. The sudden change of
lront by the Volksraad In adopting the
seven-year franchise proposition on last ,
Tuesday is a forcible demonstration of me
claim that President Kruger can and does
yield when the proper pressure Is ap
plied, but not otherwise. As Mr. Cham- ;
berlain said in the course of bis speech
in the House of Commons on Thursday
regarding the modification of the franchise
law in tne Transvaal the concessions do
not ond the difficulties, but merely offer i
a basis for a pacific settlement, and for
mer experiences with the Transvaal have
taught the Government that it is mad- ■
visable In any way to relax pressure un
til the contract is concluded. The mili
tary preparations, therefore, have been in
no way relaxed.
Th*-r*- is a general suspicion in city cir- ;
cles that the Curzons are in some way
mixed up with the arrangement under
which. Clinton I ■ iwkins, financial member ■■
of the Indian Council, is to become a
member of the firm of J. P. Morgan &
Co.. and American capital will hereafter
find a larger field for investment in India.
Some find confirmation of tliis idea in the j
strenuous support being given by the j
Government of India to the employment
of electricity as a motive power in the |
great factories for military requisites
which it is intended to build at Jubbul- i
pore. Officials are said to want Ameri- !
cans to duplicate the works at Niagara
Falls, claiming that the falls of the Ner
budda and Godavery are fully equal t*. j
those of Mi agar a.
Englishmen are also greatly excited
over the published announcement that
the New York Airbrake Company, fol- j
lowing the example of the Westinghouse
Company, intends to establish factories j
in Europe.
Following the lead of their more enter- .
prising brethren in the I'nited States,
the medical world of Europe is eagerly
debating the developments ln serum
therapeutics. Recent demonstrations In j
Berlin and Paris of American success In
this direction are the subject of wide
spread comment in the medical journals. j
Dr. W. M Warren of Detroit, who has
just completed a tour of European labora- ;
torles tells the correspondent of th- As
sociated Press that European scientists
are marveling at the discoveries In the i
United States. Mr. Warren says the j
■Tin-.- object of his visit was to obtain i
the views of Europeans as to whether j
anti-toxine remedies, so efficacious in
diphtheria and lockjaw, cannot be applied I
in cases of the bubonic plague, cholera |
and yellow fever. i
"I have hern chasing the harclli." said ;
■ ■ i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOORD'S
LONDON, ENGLAND)
OLD TOM, DRY or
SLOE GINS
ARE THE BEST.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
Bole Agents, 314 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
GAYETY MARKS
THE LAST DAY AT
CAMP FALLON
Young Cadets Vie With One
Another in Supplying
Merriment.
LAST-DAY SCENES AT THE CADETS' CAMP.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
FALLON, SANTA CRUZ, July 22. -
The last night in camp was a mem
orable one to the cadets and the
large number of visitors who thronged
Its confines. The young soldiers vied
with one another In decorating the streets
and supplying entertainment for the vis
itors. Companies H. R and M used hunt
ing and Chinese lanterns to beautify
"Bolo" avenue. The company sat before
Captain Hopper's decorated tent and
drew crowds by singing and merriment.
Company D decorated "Cullen" boulevard
in pretty style and supplied an excellent
programme. The visitors were enter
tained with a grand concert by the band
under the direction of F. E. Neuberger.
To-night being the last in cam] the
boys did all kinds of "horse play." Early
in the day the faces of sleeping mpan
i ions were blackened clothes stuffed or
! hidden and Innumerable tricks played.
: Previous to the arrival of visitors Com
pany E held a wake over a stuffed man,
"Kelly by name, who died of eating too
much pie." At midnight the tents were
thrown down, the sleepers dumped from
their couches and enough wickedness
done to make sleep for the night impos
sible.
The "Owls" returned the courtesies of
Santa Cruz ladies by entertaining them
at headquarters during the evening.
Colonel Sullivan is a very "sore" man.
He paid express charges on a beautiful
gold brick sent to him from San Fran
cisco. He has a clew to the sender and
vows vengeance.
The cadets are not anxious to go home.
They claim their fun is iusl beginning
and "are willing to stay another week.
Notwithstanding th 'that the cadets
who participated In last night's minstrel
show for the benefit of Father McNamee's
schools had not had a rehearsal, the per
formance was a creditable one. The pro
gramme proved excellent, and was greatly
appreciated bj the large audience which
filled the opera-house. Musician Steve
Douglass and Sergeant "Pot" Mahonej
scored the hits of the show by their sing
ing and "horseplay." F. E. Neuberger,
j the leader of the band, ted in the capa
city of musical director, and Musician Ar
' tigues presided at the piano. Some of the
jokes sprung on the good-humored audi
i ence were a trifle old. but their telling
aroused great mirth. The cakewalk of J.
H Saunders and Sergeant Robert Gleason
I was an artistic success. Both boys were
i graceful and showed familiarity with all
; the pose's and steps used by professional
; cakewalkers.
Dr Warren, "which I have sent to I
America for experimental purposes. The
greater liberality of the vivisection laws ;
at home has given an advantage to the
I'nited States in the preparation of
serums, so that scientists like Professor
Erllch of Berlin have imagined that
Americans have discovered means of con
centrating serums that are unknown In
Europe The consensus of scientific opin
ion ln Europe confirms the belief that the
bubonic plague, cholera and yellow fever
can be controlled by the serum treat
ment " .
The reception given by the Duke and
Duchess of Sutherland this week may be
regarded as the housewarmlng of the
Anglo-American League, which has al
ready traveled a considerable distance in
the direction of its object and has already ,
established branches at Manchester, Bir
mingham, Glasgow, Edinburgh and else
where The league is about to form a
committee on international law, consist- j
ing of Professor James Bryce, Professor
Dicey and Sir Frederick Pollock, to con
sider pending questions between the Unit- :
ed States and Great Britain from the legal
point of view and to try to suggest terms
for their arrangement.
DIES A NONAGENARIAN.
WASTONVILLE. July 22.— Joseph
Knowlton. a California pioneer of 1849 and
one of the early American residents of
Santa Cruz County, died here this after
noon at the age of 03 years. He was a
native of Maine.
"Uncle Joe" was a man of sterling char
acter and retained nil his mental faculties
up to within a few days of his death,
and dreaded confinement to the house
ROBS A BfJNK OF
MONEY DUE HIM
South BeQd Lawyer's Effective
Means to ObtaiQ a
SettlemeQt.
m ASTORIA, Or., July 22.— A. S. Davis, a partner In the hanking firm of Q
T Maxwell & Smith of South Bend, Wash., took very effective means to obtain ♦
0 a belated settlement with the flrm on Thursday. Davis had been unable to ©
i get any statement as to the financial condition of the bank, so on Thursday +
O he walked Into the building while Cashier Leech was busy and pocketed a *J
+ revolver which lay on an inner counter. Then "he went into the vault and X
¥ took a sack containing (2000 in gold. Before leaving the bank he explained to _£
X the cashier that he had settled with the firm. 'f--y. "7 ■"=©
%. The affair was hushed up that day, but it leaked out here to-day. Davis -f
a is a prominent attorney of South Bend, while Maxwell Is a member of the Q
+. Legislature. He Is also a warm personal friend of W. J. Bryan. _ +
•+©+©+©+ Of O + O + O +©+©+©+©+ © ♦©♦©+ OtOf O + O ♦ O +O +©+o+o+ O
THE SAIN FBA3SCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 23, 1899.
Father McNamee expressed his aprpeci- j
ation to the cadets for their assistance in j
the cause of charity, complimented them
on their splendid showing, and expressed
a wish that they would return next year
to Santa Cruz. Colonel Sullivan responded
with appropriate remarks.
While the officers of tit" regiment were
at the theater the cadets held high car
nival in camp. The officer of the guard
and his assistants seemed powerless to
stop their fun. which was fast and furi
ous. Companies H. R and M held a grand
powwow on 8010 avenue, which is a fancy
name for their street. A large bonfire was
mad** in the street, and the members of
the three companies surrounded the
camplire. sang songs; joked and had a
glorious time. Father Dempsey, Lieuten
ant Gonzales, Captain Powers, Captain
Curley and Captain Mclntyre were guests
at the affair. Shortly after taps was
blown refreshments were served. They
consisted of good things brought away
from the feast given by Mayor Phelan to
the. regiment In the afternoon. After these
had been consumed the usual tent-wreck
ing performance was given. In their wan
derings they found Lieutenant Charley
Flynn asleep in his tent. Four of the
"Bolos" grabbed the cot and gently car
ried him down to the campflre, and after
blackening his face with charred sticks
they awakened th" officer with their tin
ea r'thlv veiling. The arrival of Colonel
Sullivan put a stop to the" merry-making,
ami the "Bolos" retreated to their wig
wams.
Dr. Sullivan essayed to guide a party of
ladies and officers "to town last night, and
managed to get lost. When they arrived
on the main street of the town it was
nearly daylight.
An enioyable evening was spent at tbe
residence of the Misses House last night
by Captain Joseph Wesplear, Lieutenant
J." E. Hackenbrtck. Lieutenant T. J. Cur
tin Sergeant J. Dougherty. R. Gleason. A.
Rossi. Private Saunders and Corporal A.
Gynei.
J. H. Cain, a commission merchant of
San Francisco, accompanied by his wife,
visited the quarters of Company D yester
day. Mr. Cain presented the company
with a number of boxes of oranges and
lemons.
The last night in camp was a joyous one.
Every man in the regiment remained
within the lines and helped entertain the
many visitors who were present. At head
quarters the band played selections, and in
the company street the cadets sat out
side their tents and sang and entertained
generally.
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president of the
Red Cross Society of San Francisco, her
daughter Ruth and Miss Daymen visited
camp yesterday. Mrs. Merrill said the
camp reminded her of the Presidio.
because of sickness, something he was un
familiar with until the last two years. He
was a pronoun Republican and had
taken active Interest In the politics of tho
county, although never occupying a pub
lic office. He leaves a son. three daugh
ters and numerous grandchildren and
great-grandchildren. His son is Captain
Joseph Knowlton of the St. Nicholas Ho
ld, San Francisco.
PREDICTS REAFFIRMATION
OF CHICAGO PLATFORM
NEW YORK, July 22.— 1n a signed j
statement to the Journal William J. Bry
an says: "The sentiment in favor of the '
reaffirmation of the Chicago platform la
so overwhelming that all opposition is '
likely to disappear before the convention
is called to order. Upon the anti-trust :
plank there will be no disagreement, and
upon the question of imperialism very lit
tle. The Senators and members of Con
gress early last spring placed the party
on record in favor of the Bacon resolu
tion, .'Hi*! there is no doubt that they I
voiced the sentiments of the voters.
"If every Democratic voter would send
$1 to the ways and means committee the
committee would have money enough to
circulate literature, perfect an organiza
tion reaching down to the voting pre
cincts and aid In the establishment of
newspapers at important points where lo
cal support is Insufficient. Bui as it is
impossible to secure contributions from
every voter Mr. Harvey's plan of secur
ing pledges of $1 or more per month from
those who can be reached promises to
place the committee in a better position
to do effective work than it was at any
time during the last campaign."
CHINESE BATTLE
WITH JAPANESE
Race War in a Salmon
Cannery.
■
— ♦ —
EIGHT MONGOLIANS WOUNDED
♦ —
WORSTED BY THE OPPOSING
BROWN MEN.
*
To Preserve Peace the Conquerors Are
Discharged From the Employ
of the Packing
Company.
Breelal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, July 22. -A special from
Falrhaven says that war broke out
last night between fifty Japanese and
two hundred Chinese employed, in the
Pacific American Fisheries Company's
cannery there and has continued
throughout the day. As a result eight
Chinese have sustained wounds in
flicted with knives, rocks or iron bars,
while their plucky antagonists escaped
unscathed with a single exception.
The row started last night as a re
sult of a drunken debauch and gam
bling, occasioned by the men being Idle
all day, the weather being so rough
that the traps could not be raised, A
drunken Japanese threw a Chinese
from his bunk Into the street. Chinese
rushed to the aid of their countryman,
while the Japanese rapidly received re
inforcements.
The battle raged ln the middlle of
the street, where rocks, slabs and slab
piles were handy. When the police final
ly separated them it was necessary to
send two chines., to the hospital and
a number of others looked as though
they should be there.
At the opening of the cannery this
morning hostilities broke out anew. In
th* melee one Chinese was struck over
the head with a bar of solder and
knock". l insensible. The fight was
growing fast and furious when the po
lice, foreman and other white over
seers heated long iron bars and suc
ceeded in getting the belligerents apart.
At noon all of the Japanese em
| ployed were discharged, with the hope
[ that peace would be restored. At 2:20
; o'clock a force of Chinese issued from
' the cannery, armed with axes and
I knives, and went on a run to their
i bunk houses, claiming that they be
lieved the Japanese were trying to burn
their dwellings. The rumor was un
founded, however, and the police per
i suaded them to go back to work.
The police are guarding both night
and day the neighborhood in which the
bunk houses are situated.
j GREAT PLAGUE OF FLIES.
Swarms Attack London and Cause
Much Irritation.
Special Table to The Call and the New York
paid Copyrighted. 139 by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, July 22.— A great plague of
! flies has attacked London. There have
been myriads of little white flies Invad
! ing the houses at nights and causing no
! end of irritation. They didn't hit*', but
came In swarms, dropping into one's food
and drink, sticking among the hair, getting
into eyes, ears, nostrils and mouth. No
amount of smoking or fumigating repelled
! them.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS -CALL OR WRITE. DESCRIBE
YOUR SYMPTOMS. THE DOCTORS WILL ADVISE
YOU FREE OF CHARGE.
-t-ff "yf ■ yy. ;'..'; ff' '■' •
af Overcomes Debility fli
M Improves the Appetite 1
'm Promotes Sound Sleep m
ill —-"-Makes Flesh and Blood. Js
* • • C/vv/ • • • Jw
MEN AND WOMEN IN DELICATE HEALTH AND OF FEEBLE PHYSIQUE
, WILL FIND IN HUDYAN AN EFFICIENT REMEDY IF YOU ARE PALE.
YOU WANT RICH BLOOD, IF YOU ARE WEAK. VOL WANT STRENGTH, IF
• YOU ARE THIN OR EMACIATED. YOU WANT FLESH. HUDYAN WILL PRO-
VIDE ALL THESE. FOR HUDYAN MAKES RICH. RED BLOOD. HUDYAN AIDS
' DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION; ALSO AILS IN THE ELIMINATION OF IM-
PURITIES FROM THE SYSTEM, HUDYAN POSSESSES REMEDIAL VIRTUES OF
' GREAT MERIT, IS PLEASANT TO TAKE. AND DOES NOT PRODUCE NAUSEA.
HUDYAN IS THE MOST POPULAR INVIGORANT KNOWN. AND IS 'FOR MEN
AND WOMEN.
: KNOW FOR YOURSELF YOUR OWN CONDITION.
HEART DISEASE. KIDNEY DISEASE.
SYMPTOMS Shortness of Breath, Weak SYMPTOMS — Weakness, Emaciation,
Pulse. Fluttering of Heart; Oppressed Feel- p n i n j n Hack, Sleeplessness, Sunken Eyes.
ing. Weakness. Tendency to Faint. ioth- p,, fflness „n,lfr Eve?. Swelling of Limbs,
ffi -'b!;;b Loss of Appetite • Excessive Thirst. Pale
' der, Irregular Pulse. Hudyan will cure you. Complexion. Hudyan will cure you.
STOMACH DISORDER. NERVOUS DISORDER.
SYMPTOMS — Emaciation, Weakness. SYMPTOMS— Trembling, Dizzy Spells.
Headaches Loss of Appetite Nervousness, Impaired Digestion. Headaches. Sleepless-
, gjpppip^n-^ Coated Tongue, Pain or ness. Palpitation, Lack of Energy. Pain in
Heavy Feeling in Stomach. Irritable Ter- Back, Costiveness. Twitching of Muscles,
per stiveness Belching, Bad Taste in Tired and Worn Out Feeling. Loss of Ap-
' Mouth. . Hudyan will cure you. petite. Hudyan will cure you.
LIVER DISORDER. BLOOD DISORDER.
f SYMPTOMS— Coetiveness. Sal- SYMPTOMS— Eruptions on Skin, Pimples,
low Complexion. Yellow Eyes, Poor Appe- Sores Itching, Swelling of Glands Cuts
' tit-> Pain in Right : '!<- or Right Shoulder, and Bruises Slow to Heal. Hair Falling
Coated Tongue Lack .of Energy. Tired Out. Pains in Limbs. Catarrhal Conditions.
' Peeling. Hudyan will cure you. Hudyan will cure you.
THERE IS ANOTHER SERIES OF DISORDERS IN WHICH HUDYAN IS AN
INFALLIBLE REMEDY. WE REFER TO THOSE DISEASES AND AILMENTS PE-
' CULIAR TO WOMEN. HUDYAN IS A CERTAIN CURE. HUDYAN WILL EASE
PAIN IT WILL REGULATE IT WILL BRING ROSY CHEEKS WHERE THERE
! IS PALENESS EVERY* WOMAN WHO HAS EVER TRIED HUDYAN IS WILLING
YES ANXIOUS TO INDORSE IT. IT IS A BOON TO WOMEN WHO SUFFER.-,
HUDYAN NOT ONLY RELIEVES THE ABOVE SYMPTOMS. BUT IT CURES
PERMANENTLY MEN AND WOMEN IN API, PARTS OF THE COUNTRY HAVE
' BEEN CURED BY THIS GREAT REMEDY OF NATURE. AND ARE EVER READY
TO INDORSE IT. HUDYAN IS WITHIN THE REACH OF EVERY ONE.
' HUDYAN is for sale hy druggists, 30c a package. **» six packages for %2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan. send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
CO. corner Sto'ckton. Ellis and Market streets. San Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE
OF CHARGE CALL op WRTTE. .. . .;;,...,;;,..•, I . .
L_j._^.^4.^^^j.>^-* .i.^~*s i .+j r *j r *j r *j l .+ * ♦ 4. -•> 4. ♦•!• ♦ •!• ♦ •!• ♦ •!• ♦ •!« ♦ •_• ♦ •!• ♦ ■:■ »
NO MOTIVE FOR
McDANIEL'S CRIME
Clara Fitch's Murder Yet
a Mystery.
♦ —
ACCUSED GUARDED CLOSELY
— ♦ — —
NO ONE PERMITTED TO SEE HIM
IN THE JAIL.
♦
The Belief Growing That the Girl's
Body Was Concealed in the
Park After She Died From
Natural Causes.
Sr°-~ial Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., July 22.— The most
remarkable feature of Clara Fitch's
murder is that neither the police nor
the girl's relatives can advance a rea
sonable motive for the crime. There
were no new developments to-day.
Frank McDaniel has been closely con
fined, and as he has not engaged a
lawyer no one is permitted to see him.
The belief is growing that the girl
died a natural death while she and Mc-
Daniel were in the park together, and
that the young man, fearing her fath
er's anger and vengeance, concealed
the body as best he could under the
brush and ferns. The marks of violence
are faint, and it is possible the slight
bruises were made in concealing the
body after death.
The Coroner's investigation, which
was to have been resumed this after
noon, went over till Monday, owing to
the absence of witnesses.
MONTENEGRINS TO GREET
THEIR FUTURE QUEEN
Great Preparations Being Made for
the Marriage of Princess Jut
ta to Prince Danilo.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don' Bennett.
BERLIN, July 22.— 1t is seldom that
a German princess marries outside of
her country and for this reason the
coming wedding of Princess Jutta of J
Mecklenburg-Strelitz to Prince Danilo
of Montenegro is attracting an unsual
amount of attention. Her Highness
has already left for her future king- j
dom, going first to the little town of j
Antivari, where her conversion to the
Greek church will take place to-mor
row. This, it may be said in passing.
Is to the great indignation of the Kai
ser, who, as temporal head of the Luth
eran church, is most indignant at such
apostasy, When she changes her re
: ligion the bride also alters her name
i from Jutta to Miletca.
The marriage is a very romantic one.
As the little Montenegrin principality
is very badly off for means of commu
nication the Princess will be required to
ride on horseback from Antivari via
Virpasar and Rjecka to Cettinje. The
other royal .guests will, however, take
a more convenient route via Cattaro.
Ail the male population of Montenegro,
armed to the teeth, have poured into
the capital to greet the German Prin
cess and their future Queen.
The Princess' witnesses at the mar
riage ceremony, which will be cele
brated Wednesday, will be the Prince
of Naples and Grand Duke Constan
tinovitch of Russia.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. _
The Greatest Semi-Affinal =
CIEBAiEJSE
NEAR COMPLETION.
...FINAL WEEK OF BARGAINS...
The Following Offers Speak for Themselves:
DRESS GOODS
DEP'T.
We will crowd our Dress Goods
Counters, beginning to-morrow,
by offering some of the greatest
values ever placed on sale. Do
not miss this rare opportunity.
See window display.
300 pieces 46-inch All-wool "Serges,
extra good quality, the kind that sheds the
dust, in shades of brown, castor, na\i.
garnet, new blue, new purple, green * ,°
black; guaranteed not to slip or pull,
every yard excellent value at 86c. KJlr
Clearance Trice Yard WW
60 pieces Brilliant English Black Cre- !
ponnes 1 delayed shipment— ln ten differ- ;
ent, handsome designs, a rich black, that
were Imported to sell at 51 50 a C <><>
yard. Clearance Trice Yard «JJ ■ .
SILK DEP'T.
14i70 rds extra heavy quality, rich Fancy
Silks (broken lines), in rich plaids, stripes
and checks and figured designs; former
selling price $1 50 and $1 Z'\ yard. "7jl/>
Clearance Trice Yard *OW 1
Corded Taffeta Iks, this season's latest
styles. In new shades of blue, cyrano,
green, 111. turquoise and pink; elegant j
silk for waists: worth $1 a yard. f£f\f
Clearance Price Yard Ul/V ;
I
iff SHIRT WAISTS 1
To-morrow we begin our great Clean-Up Sale of Cotton
Shirt Waists. It is our intention to close out every single
one, hence the deep cut in prices. The waists are all this
season's styles, best fitting and in first-class condition.
We can quote only a few prices :
LOT -Women's Shirt Waists, male of I LOT _ -Women's Shirt Waists that have
best quality percale, assorted colorings, been selling at *3, *3 50 and $-. Cl»«
that have been selling at .'. 25. £»^f- I Clearance Price Each V
Clearance Price Each VFC?^ j ____
LOT 2— Women's Shirt Waists, made | „-,__ „- , .^ . *.-
of fine quality Madras, that have been I LOT 4-W .-,m»n Shirt Waists that have
selling at $150. Clearance Price 0«r» been selling at J3 M and S3 25. SI' 95
...... Each OOt I clearance Price Each Ol
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY,
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
tfsH_r®PV"^^ B "_!_^™ w^S*^?*^P^3G_^___, mt^^
SINCERITY MAY
SAVE INGERSOLL
Such the Opinion of
Some Ministers.
— • — -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 2.'. Much interest
is aroused by the comment of ministers
on the death of Colonel Ingersoll.
Rev. Dr. D. J. Stafford of St. Pat
rick's Church. Washington, said: "Poor
Boh Ingersoll; I hope he was honest.
If he was, there is a chance for him."
Clergymen were asked their opinion
of this view of an agnostic's future, and
some of their replies follow:
Rev. George H. Hepworth said: "The
question you ask me is something like
this: Admitting that Colonel Ingersoll
! was sincere, and admitting also that
he was in the wrong, can he be saved?
How can any sane man answer that
question except in the affirmative? We
judge a man by his actions, which very
frequently misrepresent the man's
heart. Our judgment therefore is
faulty and often unjust. God judges
a man by the standard of motive, and
therefore a great many people whom
we would damn because we don't know
enough to save them will sit in a high
place in the hereafter. For that mat
ter, when we get to heaven we shall
find some there whom we never ex
pected to see, and we shall not find
others whom we may look for."
Rev. Sidney Herbert Cox, pastor of
Lee Avenue Congregational Church,
Brooklyn, said: "An honest man has a
right to salvation."
Rev. Dr. Henry Abrams, pastor of St.
Agnews Roman Catholic Church, con
sidered Ingersoll a fakir who traded in
his infidelity to make money. "Mr. In
gersoll was an ignorant man," he said.
"He had wit and talent, but he spoke
of subjects which he had not studied
and ridiculed things which he knew
only by half."
Rev. Daniel McDermott of St. Mary's
Catholic Church, Philadelphia, said:
"Our Lord said of those who crucified
him, they should be forgiven, for they
knew not what they did. The first
thing I would have to excuse ingersoll
for would be his sins against truth.
God condemns no man who supposes
he is in the right, nor do we hold a
child guilty for the sins of innocent
ignorance."
Rev. William B. Bodine, rector of the
Protestant Episcopal Church of the
Savior, said: "1 do not know why an
agnostic, if honest in his beliefs, should
not enter the kingdom of heaven."
Rev. Charles W. Bickley of the Mari
ners' Methodist Episcopal Bethel said:
"I cannot believe that an all merciful
Father will punish his erring children
when they unknowingly disregard his
divinity."
Rev. Dr. William Lyons of the First
Unitarian Church of Brookline. Mass.,
said: "We must all come to the truth,
and Ingersoll, no matter what his be
lief, has come to the truth in the life
hereafter."
Rev. A. A. Berle, Congregationalist,
Boston, said: "Ingersoll was a brave,
chivalrous, high-hearted man. resolute
in his championship of what he be
lieved to be true, infinitely more to be
respected than certain clerical infidels
who discredit both the gospel and Bible
by covert insinuations. Peace to his
ashes."
* ASBURY PARK, N. J. July 22.— 1n
reply to a question, "Will Ingersoll be
saved if sincere?" Bishop James N.
. Fitzgerald of the Methodist Episcopal
, Church, St. Louis, who is spending the
J summer at Ocean Grove, said: "There
...DOMESTIC...
DEP'T.
Final cleaning up in this depart-
ment. Good styles of Percales,
Dimities, Madras Cloth and
many other Wash Fabrics (this
season's styles) to be closed out
at less than half price. This will
be your last opportunity to ob-
tain these goods at the follow-
ing prices. Be on hand.
300 pieces best quality 36-inch American
Tercales, in dark, medium and light color-
ings; regular l_'4c quality. Clear L* 1 /-»
ance Trice Yard V»4W
(90 pieces Corded Dimities and Organdies,
In very pretty designs and colorings, odds
and ends that sold from 10c to 2'ic P^r»
yard. Clearance Trice Yard Ov
1800 yards 36 inch imported Madras, fast
colors, warranted a very fine material, In
stripes, checks and plaids, desirable color-
ings of lavender, blue, 'pink and green;
_7 1 all this season at 20c. near- Qlp
ance Price Yard CJ;iw
Extra Special!
25 dozen largp-fdze Bed Comforters,
silkoline covered, very pretty signs,
•ii ,! with extra quality fine white cot-
ton, nicely tufted, pood -g «#!
value at $2. Special for <K& I«3U
to-morrow Each +sf m
I
*■-. ■•.--.•■•; " I
is not a shadow of hope for Bob Inger
soll. As a man I d*> not wish to judge
him. He was an agnostic and there
is no chance for him."
BOSTON, July 22. Rev. Herbert J.
White of Bethany Baptist Church said:
"Sincerity is not enough. Ingersnll
will not be saved if the Bible is true."
Rev. George L. Perm of Every Day ,
Church said: "Ingersoll will be saved,
of course, for God loves honest men."
Rev. Herrick Johnson, professor in
McCormick Theological Seminary, Chi
cago, said: "I cannot see any hope for
Ingersoll. A man may go. to hell with
a clear conscience."
Working to Free a Robber.
AUSTIN. Tex., July 22.— An effort to ob
tain the release of Charles A. Beeler, in
jail at San Antonio, Tex., under sentence
of five years' imprisonment in the peni
tentiary for the robbery of the Wells-
Fargo express of $50,000 cash, was made
here to-night in the form of an applica
tion for a writ of habeas corpus, which
was presented to Judge J. T. Henderson
of the Court of Criminal Appeals by Bee
ler's attorney. The ground is that the
court records at San Antonio show that 1
mistake was made in the name 01" the
prisoner, that of J. T. Evans instead of
Charles A. Beeler being contained in the
record. Judge Henderson took the appli
cation under advisement.
The Epworth Convention.
INDIANAPOLIS. July 22.— The work of
the Epworth convention practically ended
to-day, though but few delegates will
leave before Monday. All the visiting
ministers are assigned to fill the pulpits
to-morrow, and at night a farewell conse
cration service will finally adjourn the
convention.
W/f*& Dependable ]
c.Can- 7
Fill amy
. Prescript!©!! :
No matter who writes or pre- i
scribes it.
Our prescription department i
contains every drug known to i
physicians. We never substi- !
tute one drug for "something
just as good."- Never "just
out" of anything — can always
supply the required drugs.
Prescriptions filled as ordered.
Quinine Pills
100 two grain.
100 three grain 40c. 3 oc
Maltine
Combination of cod liver oil o - r
and malt. Regular price Si. 0 5^
Epsom's Salts — a pound
Purest quality — fresh and
"strong. Generally sells for lOC
25c a pound.
Mermen's Toilet Powder
Same as advertised in La-
dies' Home Journal for July 1 CC
at 25 cents.
Beeman'sPepsinGum ? I
The gum that sells every- P gs
where for 5c a pkg. lOC
f/*fenr- & AYS j£ Mil
= ©i_>UCC3ST^« i) I^:*^
. 1 1 28 Market St I*\
1 el. South 356 San Francisco
ioth and BroaJway (Tel. Main }oq) OaklandFOE IN AMBUSH
SLAYS A RANCHER
Victim Shot While at
Supper.
— _. —
HUMBOLDT COUNTY MYSTERY
— — i
C. H STEGEMEYER FOUND DEAD !
AT HIS HOME.
* — —
One of His Neighbors Had but Re- I
cently Escaped by Chance
From Murder by Means j
of Poison.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
k EUREKA, July 22.— c. H. Stege]
er was murdered at his ranch on the
south fork of Eel River, near Phillips
ville. yesterday cr the night before. At
noon to-day the body of Stege mey ci
-was discovered in a bedroom of his
Ine by Thomas Parker and wife and
tries Linser. on the porch were
Is of blood about a table thai had ,
■■■■■ ':■■■■ , , , , - )
n set but there and upon which his i
>per still remained untouched. A j
b i>dy i-a.il led from th*' table into the ,
ise to the bedroom, where lv was I
nd dead upon the floor. His nose ;
1 been shot off, and there was a
und in the body, made by a bullet
t had pass* completely through it.
idently Stegemeyer was shot while
paring his supper the previous even- |
. and. after having been wounded, j
had crawled to his room. There he j
ced a piece of carpet on the floor, j
k a pillow from the bed and lay i
viii to arise no more. Owing to the j
weather now it was his custom to i
eat on th* porch, and it is supposed
he was shot from ambush as he was
pr< paring his meal. Two bullet holes
re found in the wall of the house.
c of the bullets was dug out and
ived to be a rifle ball. Every door
li the house was found open except in
room where the body was found.
tegemeyer was married, but had
arated from his wife, who lives in
5 city. They had no children. For
rl been living alone on the
m the
s, except for a female housekeep^
horn he engaged to cook and care
im. Recently he had considerable
■le with his housekeepers. Mrs.
1 : ins. who was with him for some
had obtained a deed to his ranch
t promise that he would get a di
and marry her, but she eft him
al months ago on account of her
■hildren. When here last week he
>he had returned the deed and that
thing had been adjusted satisfac
■
•
;e her departure he has had sev
wbrrien from San Francisco, the
me, Mrs. M. B. Curtis, giving con
ible trouble. He tried to rid him
f her after a week's trial, but she j
ed on staying a month. He final- :
cceeded in prevailing upon her to '
Another woman was expected on
teamer Weeott.
The inquest will be held to-morrow
toon at Garberville.
;emeyer was for many years en-!
I in the draying business here, but
n years ago he sold out and pur
■i the ranch of 240 acres on which
et his death. He was a native of
any. aged ''.* years, and a Mason. •
Ther* is no c'.ew to the murderer or
ause of the crime. Sheriff Brown
district Attorney Cooper have left
July 4 an attempt was made near j
I :ene of this murder to kill a well
n citizen of that section. James j
in. residing near Phillip j
.s that an attempt was made to
his life on the evening of the j
h. He attended <he celebration at j
Garberville, returning home in the
ng, where he parboiled a piece of j
which was •','!• '1 for his sup-
After it was cooked he placed the i
from the meat in a pan and ,
ed it in th*- yard. One of his dogs 1
_ a portion of it and a short time I
.yard died. Chaffin could not ac- i
for the dog's death, but suspect- |
c meat had been poisoned. In or
i satisfy himself he gave another |
i piece of the meat, and it soon
Xo doubt it was intended to j
a Chaffin.
STABBED BY A COOK.
Assailant of a Carlin Merchant May
Be Lynched.
ELKO. Nev., July 22.— Word was re
ceived here to-nierht that J. W. Puett. a
merchant and hotel man of i larlin, had
been fatally stabbed to the heart by his
cook early this evening. A physician left
hero to-night to attend the lured man.
It is reported the citizens of Carlin are
looking for the assassin with guns.
Coming to Care for Nebraskans.
OMAHA. Nebr., July 22.— Governor Wil
liam H. Poynter of Nebraska will leave
to-morrow for San Francisco, taking with
him $1000 for the care and comfort of the
First Nebraska Regiment; which is re
turning from Manila.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
E__3= *ZJ Vb field
Wfys yy [yi =^~7ffffff3 that never
I^/ fiF^ r 'that
Wwm i^^^ nißbt wilbout
WjpJ.IIIW HWiNft /V^SbH * tar5 > a sermon
_wS^ijiwA\\v\\^^ withou * a ben "
W *rj^^ »^ fc prayer without
__ N^3?-^S<fi_fc^/- — ', an Amen. never
"^-yjjfr^^S^ ' There never
was a husband
worthy of the name, who did not aspire
to be the father and the grandfather of
healthy, capable children to hand down
his name and the fortune accumulated by
the we.it of his brow, from generation to
generation. Th. re never was a wife fit to
bear that noble -.tie, who did not wish to
wear womanhood's most glorious crown,
the sceptre of motherhood. Thousand!
of wedded couples, otherwise happy, fall
short of wedlock's greatest happiness be-
cause they are childless. In the majority
of cases, this is because tht wife, through
ignorance or neglect, suffers from weak-
ness and disease of the organs distinctly
feminine. For women who suffer in this
way there is one great medicine that does
not. fail to accomplish its purpose. It is
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It acts
directly on the delicate organs. concerned
and makes them strong, healthy, vigorous,
virile and elastic. It allays inflammation,
heals ulceration, soothes pain and tones
the shattered nerves. It fits for wifehood
and motherhood. It quickens and vitalizes
the distinctly feminine organism. It ban-
ishes the maladies of the expectant months
and makes baby's introduction to the world
easy md almost painless. It insure? the
little new-comer's health and nourishment
in plenty. It is the best supportive tonic
for nursing mothers.
Mrs. Jennie Parks, of Marshall. Spokane Co..
Wash.,' writes: "X am glad to tell of th« good
results of your great medicine,— Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. I was benefited by your
medicine in confinement, lt gives me strength.
I have ;io tired feeling and my baby is the
picture of health. I feel better than I have in
ten years." . .
In cases of constipation Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets should be used as an
adjunct to the "Favorite Prescription,"
they are extremely simple, perfectly natural
aud" insure prompt and permanent relief.
ORGANIZATION OF
PLACER COUNTY
FRUIT-GROWERS
Owners of Orchards Pledge
Support to the New
Association,
NEWCASTLE, July 22.— The Fruit
Growers' Association of Placer
County met in Fraternal Hall
this afternoon with a good at
! tendance. George L. Threlkel
was chosen chairman and G. Geraldson
. secretary. Mr. Threlkel said the object
; of the meeting was to adopt by-laws
j and attend to other matters for the new
: corporation. He said:
"The sense of the meeting of June
[ 25 was favorable to a two years' crop
contract, but the contracts shall not
be binding until 70 per cent of the en
tire crop of the cot.nty shall be under
control of the association."
After the reading of the minutes of
the last meeting the agreement of the
growers to become members of the as
sociation were presented for the con
sideration of those who had not already
signed the membership roll. Quite a
\ number stepped up and signed, each
setting opposite his name the amount
which he was willing to pay monthly
CROCKER'S OFFER
CONSIDERED FAIR
Sonoma Growers Decide
to Accept.
. — *. —
GRAPE CROPS ARE PLEDGED
— » —
| OTHER VINEYARDISTS URGED
TO LEND SUPPORT.
♦
It Is Believed That by Giving the
San Franciscan the Product of
Their Vines All Will Be
Benefited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, July There was
a large gathering of the vineyardists
of this section in Healdsburg to-day to
consider Mr. Crocker's proposition to
take control of the wine output. Hon.
W. W. Moreland was chosen chairman
of the meeting and F. W. Cooke secre
tary. A. Sbarboro, secretary of the
Italian-Swiss Colony, was the principal
speaker. He strongly favored the ac
ceptance of Mr. Crocker's offer, not
only as a grape grower but as a wine
maker He believed Mr. Crocker had
not only the financial ability to carry
out his plans, but the integrity as well.
The grape growers of the State have
had practically seven years of famine,
and in accepting Mr. Crocker's offer
they would be assured of seven years
of plenty. The price, $14 a ton, would
pay them 12 per cent on the capital in
vested in their vineyards over and
above all expense incurred in producing
their grapes. Mr. Sbarboro read a copy
of the following letter, which had been
sent to Mr. Crocker by the Italian-
Swiss Colony of Asti:
H. J. Crocker, Crocker Building, San
! Francisco— Dear Sir: Enclosed please find
1 postal card accepting your proposition to
! buy our grapes for the next seven years
at $14 a ton for standard varieties and $12
a ton for Missions and Halvaslas. We
have now about LOOO acres In vines, whicii
produce from 2000 to 3000 tons, according
to the season, all the vineyards not yet
being in full bearing. If the grape grow
ers of the State act for their best interests
and accept your proposition the colony
will continue to ;., j out more vines from
--.-.- to year until its large tract of land
will have all been planted. If you suc
ceed as we hope you will, in your lauda
ble effort, the people of the State of Cali
fornia, in whatever pursuit engaged, will
be grateful to you for having saved and
brought to a paying basis what should
eventually be one of th* greatest indus
tries of the State. With best wishes, we
remain, yours truly.
" ITALIAN-SWISS COLONY.
A. SBARBORO, Secretary.
Other speakers were J. R. Miller, PI.
C. Hodges, Mr. Dewey, P. C. Rossi, I.
Fredson and A. McPeak.
A standing vote was taken on Mr.
Crocker's proposition and it was unan
imously accepted. Most of the growers
present had already sent to Mr. Crocker
notice of acceptance, but the signers
at the meeting represented 1000 tons.
SANTA ROSA, July 22.— meeting
of grape growers of this section held at
Horticultural Hall this afternoon dis
cussed Henry J. Crocker's recent offer
to purchase the grape crop upon terms
with which the public already is fami
liar. , a
The gathering was well attended, and
as a result of the consideration and dis
cussion a resolution was adopted de- |
claring it to be the sense of the- meet
ing that Mr. Crocker's offer be in
dorsed and recommended to the grape
men of Sonoma County. The resolu
tion in addition asked for an early in
spection of the contract.
The meeting was called to order at
2 o'clock. Jonathan Roberts, president
of the horticultural society, acted as
chairman, and Herbert Slater was
elected secretary. After stating the ob
jects of the meeting the chairman read
an article from the pen of John Bailiff,
a. Mount Olivet grower. The article
strongly favored the acceptance of the
Crock proposition and brought on
considerable discussion. Among those
taking part were Victor Piezzsi, Wil
liam Ross, A. Frel. John Bailiff and F.
Balniina of St. Helena.
The general sentiment was that the
proposition was a good one, but sev
eral speakers devoted considerable en
ergy to making it clear that their ac
ceptance would depend entirely upon
the fairness of the contract with which
they were presented. Among those
taking this position were R. J. Suther
land of Bennett Valley, Mr. Litchfield j
of Sebastopol, George Dohn and L. E.
Ricksecker of this city. The resolution
was draw n by Victor Piezzsi.
From interviews with grape men of
this vicinity there seems to he small
doubt that Mr. Crocker's offer will be
generally accepted if the contract he
presents is a fair one and binds Mr.
Crocker as well as the grower.
EL AG INCIDENT AT HONOLULU.
Action of the United States Approved
by Germans.
BERLIN, July 22.— flag incident at
Honolulu on July 4 has been very sensi
bly treated by the German _?ress. The
swift punishment of the offender is re
garded as proof of the correct attitude
of the United States toward Germany.
There was not a single Jarring note in
the press comment. Most of the papers
did not regard the incident as of such
importance to notice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
: for the next five months to assist in
paying the expenses of a man to make
a canvas of the county to obtain a large
enough membership to warrant the as
sociation doing business during the
coming season. These amounts are to
be considered as loans and to be paid
back by the association.
The membership fee was placed at
$10. The by-laws, formulated after
those of the" Fresno Raisin Growers'
Association, were presented to the
growers for their consideration and
were adopted. Officers were elected as
follows:
President— George L. Threlkel.
Vice President— R. Fountain.
Secretary Geraldson.
Treasurer— C. H. Kellogg.
The by-laws provide that the princi
pal place of business shall be Newcas
tle, md that the term of existence shall
be fifty years.
After the election of officers the meet
ing adjourned subject to the call of th*
hoard of directors, at which time the
business of the present meeting will be
finished and reports heard.
BILL TO RESTRICT
THE NEWSPAPERS
Measure Draws Forth
Criticism.
— * —
HOT WEATHER IN GERMANY
— ♦ — _
| MANY PEOPLE OF ONE DISTRICT
KILLED BY LIGHTNING.
- — 4
' Announcement That Chief Justice
Chambers Is to Leave Samoa
Received With Satisfaction
at Berlin.
Copyrighted, ISD9, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, July 22. The week has been
almost devoid of political events. The
newspapers have been threshing over the
old straw of the canal, anti-strike and
| other bills, but without saying anything
j new. The hill for protecting the rights of
! authors, composers and artists was pub-
I lished this week. It is a tentative meas
j ure, put out for the purpose of drawing
! criticism, which will hp taken into ac
! count when the bill is presented in the
| Reichstag. Several points have already
called forth strong criticism, such as the
I provision to punish the publication of pri-
I vate letters without th* authority of the
j writers. The printing of unpublished pub-
I lie document* is also made punishable.
! Many of the newspapers assert that these
I provisions are aimed at the Vorwaerts,
i which has shown surprising ability in the
| direction of securing public documents and
1 letters
Berlin is in the midst of a vacation
j season. The exodus to the mountains and
I seaside continues in the usual proportions,
I those going by night train.- to Switzerland
finding it almost impossible to secure
sleeping berths.
The week has been unusualy hot and
humid. Heavy rain and hail storms have
occurred in various parts of the country,
■ inflicting much damage to the crops. Many
' people have been killed by lightning, two
| such cases having occurred in' Berlin. A
j number were also injured in Berlin. The
river Havel at Pottsburg has been filled
j to its banks for several days, and thou
\ sands of fish were killed by lightning.
; Floods are reported in the Spreewald, and
i in the lowlands of the Vistula the hay
! crop has been ruined for the second time
I this season. In Wurtemburg the crops
i have been almost totally destroyed. The
'■ thunder at Hanover was the most severe
! experienced for thirty years. Many peo
! ple in that district were struck and killed
!by lightning. In Riesingebeirge, Silesia,
! some deaths from sunstroke were also re
! ported. One hundred draft dogs in Ber
! lin were sunstruck during the week and
j brought to the veterinary stations by the
■ police.
The announcement that Chief Justice
j Chambers is to leave Samoa is received
with great satisfaction by all sections of
I the German press. The newspapers have
all along represented Chambers as the
tool of E. B. S. Maxse, the British Consul
at Apia, and especially hostile to the Ger
mans in the island. His retirement there
fore had been regarded as necessary to
I the restoration of normal conditions. With
! the retirement of Judge Chambers the
I newspapers say the new officials at Apia
I will have an easier task. -S
The Chamber of Commerce of Upper
Franconia has petitioned the Bavarian
I Minister to use his influence with the
Government to secure lower duties on
i looking glass in the United States when
commercial treaties are arranged and
asks for a reduction of 20 per cent. The
chamber points out that the exportation
of looking glass from the Fichtel-Gebirge
region has diminished more than half
since the Dingley tariff went into effect
; and expresses fear that exportation will
«oon be crushed out of existence.
! Germany has been excluding cattle so
rigidly that the difference in prices has
i now become so great as to offer a lucra
tive business for smugglers, who are most
active on the German-Dutch frontier. The
i Agricultural Society of Kast Frieda has
1 called the Government's attention to the
' danger of the disease in German herds
from smuggled cattle. It is announced
that the Government will further
strengthen the customs guards.
The Kreuz Zeitung returned this weak
to the attack upon American meats, call
i ing them loathsome and highly dangerous
to health. , -__
The Agrarian Deutsche Tages Zeitung
sharply attacks American Insurance com
panies in Chicago. If. a letter signed by
Ernest Benninghoven th*- Government is
| advised before admitting American com
! panics with reckless business methods to
i inquire of German companies whether
such methods would not prove destructive.
' "The degenerating methods of great
American companies," says the writer.
! "would have a corrupting influence qn the
I Insurance business of Prussia. The Gov
i ernment is therefore asked to keep them
! out of the country."
The newspapers have revived the so
called American duel story. A medical
student hanged himself in Gruenwald the
other day. leaving a letter to his parents
in which he conveyed the impression that
he had been under a sort of obligation to
take his lit*- by a certain date. This con
stitutes an "American duel," in which all
Germans believe. -• '■•:■
The first, new war vessel constructed un
der last year's naval bill was launched
this week. It is a scouting cruiser, with
engines of 9000 horse-power and a speed of
21 knots.
Tho Chamber of the Grand Duchy of
Henz has passed a law legalizing crema
i tion.
The bicycle costume has become so pop
; ular with Berlin ladles that a society is
i being organized to encourage the wearing
of "rational" dress on the streets.
The total German exports to the United
States for the fiscal year just closed
amounted to $83,744,791, against $74,228,487 in
1898. The < Jot ha Chamber of Commerce's
report says the toy Industry of the duchy
I is suffering seriously because the usual
>. orders from the United States have fallen
1 off. The diminution was first noticed in
! 1898. Prices have been reduced.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. ' _ L^-^ _ k J3 I l EMPORIUM. __J_^^_^Jss-~55525£H^:
I The 5 St* Leons— Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday* j The Emporium 3
ft Famous Australian gymnasts, aero- ' m _m m^Tm\M& H 3 tt £8 ffiPk __I^_ K^ H_H 8_» _« Economist* *
t bats and contortionists, asessted _________ Mkas 2&___i ___L_SM__T__b m___ra _H « |*\ 4^ _* t n r__-_t- *
Ib, their semereault and buck dane- ■ lIBD* Ul /° / ,/ 7f / 1
I ing monkey. Jocko, begin an Hall 9'" M. P-» TB M J^HI% flg |§S jof th,s v f f 0 ™ tal °9«e of fash- 4
I gagement in <he Exhibition Hall W_ KP^^ |W| /oii« n/«/ a// of life ts 4
ft on Second Floor, Monday, July 24. W^ ffloSetfi^raltaßie &A2AaLl*. I " 0, m preparation. |
ft r...„ j«„o «»!., m* ia wb«»b« ■•»■•■»/ «^**i.»» " • -^ Send name and address to Mail J
J and2to*f%* AdmiTsl free. California's Largest-America's Grandest Store. | 0 „, Dep - t if you wish a copy |
* rf Craned Furn- 1
l Ac^V i V^d^fm^t \ / /- I&iiaii^@ AIT ithe J — *
» /^^Jp^> h<^\lU r />7^//s/z interesting Clotliinsf news for you tc-day. This time we propose to clear out J
* I^=^^ ' *«Wfe* interesting Clothing news for yon tc- lav. This tune we propose to clear out «
* /A 4 our stock ot Men's Summer Suits, and make a big break in prices to do it J
*  /TV j quickly. Here is tbe story : t - %
* 'rV \ Beginning Monday morning, and during the entire week, the big' store will place on sale more than a dozen «
* M : I f different styles of Men's Summer Suits suits that formerly sold for $7.50 and $10-every garment all |
ft HO II wool, well and carefully made up— perhaps not every size in every lot, but all sizes in the entire „ o_t-T «
J j-Vb i A I lot, and kinds enough to please the most exacting customers— the balance of our summer stock &jy m O«_P £
ft W\ \\ [ that was $7.50 and $10— until sold J
J l<V. I \Zd Boys' Blue Sailor Suits, $3*4sShes for ages 3to 10 years-all-the-year-ronnd weight of navy J,
*Ml P fer^ blue Cheviot-all wool, collar deeply trimmed, with black silk braid-shield embroidered-blouse full and long— s4.£ «
JV — h P^r wou,d not be to ° much to ask for it— a p° sitive bargain at lfyS***o J
J -- L p^- Boys' 2 -piece Suits, $2.45— All wool— first-class for school purposes— coats double breasted, «
* J/ I( I — well made— knee pants with taped seams— perfect-fitting, good-appearing suits— now $2*45
* <S^ \H V^ext Saturday night must see allot the remnant and all or the reserve of Crane stock sold. The following +
J W exceedinriv low-priced items will show you how wz wiil clear out the balance. _._*.___ *
ft While the "figures named are ridiculoush low, but temember that the goods are select and desirable. j
% Crane's 50c Neckwear-, clean-up of enforced ' and unusually good for that few Mbnarchs among them-we' vejut I 1
A Puff* ' Tec'ts Imperials and 25- money— we're closing them out at a final round-up price on them of ©SC | trimmed-all sizes-price, shirt or J
t ub •;:;.? 25' 35C Crano's Hcse for men— pretty colors— in ly trimmed— all sizes— price, shirt or «
2 n °«i rirr^iff'R^nra Shirs- = V «'/*""' „ , random patterns— a fine wearing seam- drawers 470 «
* li kof this 'otTdes rable Crane 50 Blue Derby Ribbed Under- les^ double heel and toe-wou dbe bis j Crane's 35c pink or blue Balbriggan Un- *
ft take , y °" P donbt if any X ever saw wear ~ a sta ? le a.l-the-year-round ar- Talui at 15 ._ price to close 10c ' derwear-summerweights-atl sizes- J
* Roods-wedoubt if any^tyevers^ tide-all sizes -also a lot of same Crane 's Natural Gray Wool Hose-clean. , either shirts or drawers-price, per J
* ifa^ fc !&&2 g° ods in dark fawn color wh.ch have brf ht 2 5c values-all si.es-cloong- ! - ment ' do !
able colors and patterns bii.B 1.1,4 been ove ._ooked in our advertising : ° ■ /6 C c __,,. 2
i Crl^lloflS^ ;:i-BhirtV-if?S talk-thU week, shirts or drawer^er C^ H^-black or tan CM* and ends VI Shirts. Un- J
ft his idea to get the be ? t shirt possible aiTn - nt *° ............. ..... ..... ..................... Wo derwear, Hosiery and Suspenders J
* to retail at 50c-these lave extra Cranes $1 .Golf Shirts-silk fronts etc. Crane 10c Colored Bordered Hand Ker at same great reduction of values. }
* heavy linen bosoms — are strongly re- * —not vary many, but very good— a cruet. 'ffffffffZ— — - *
: ft ' J -
ft Carpet and
% Furniture
I Specials*
* There's been a big advance in
> prices by Eastern manufacturers
* of Furniture. Will you take
J advantage now of the big store's
j ft clearing sale of all small lots ?
I * _ This fancy
! £ A Arm
ift r\> in Chair,
ft ~\ A old and very
ft yd (rv^ pretty design,
'ft y'Sh &"*< upholstered in
* W&^vf velour or sik
? Er> tapestry, spring
a. r=^^m\ ' a ifi seat ' "g'J'ariy
t TD 1 " I-l \nfftf ?6 50— ths
J i'llJJWlj' week.. $J. 70
ft y^r.'fu ■ '■■'■W Patent
Ift / r^^r'yyK I Bookers—
|ft If J I/] Upholstered in
I J \\ Ll_^ if / velours ■ r dam-
j £ || ___ -°=- [/ ask, regularly
i •j. IjS—-' L_ each $10— now j
I ft Ir $5.90 \
jft WillOW Becker — like picture,
■ ft well made,
;ft artistic in de-
? s ; and vrv / *^S^*S^4^\
t> comfortable; M&^J!,
Ift special 'his IjlJw^.*"
ft week at MVwC£ffi f '
ft $3.25 JifmyM'
* box /fZgmfflmmW
» i couch - i'ufrmimmß^
* well uphoi- \'l\J^fy#,m
? stered in V W&??Ssp^\'j^
ft stout demurs, \ i py^ffffti' fl
ft box of cadar \¥^^^^^_f\il
ft boxofr.dar \y^yffiyfyd \ui
ft wood and )^=^^y llf /jl
ft lined spe- -"?y~.- ' £I^/
ft cial this week (£Zff*^
* at... .$6. 25
j£ Wilton Bugs -exact copies of Ori-
ft entai Rug-, size £x 6 feet — this w '* k
". special at, each $ .35
ft Ingrain Art Squares— made of
'ft good Ingrain Carpe s, latest patterns :
ft 7!^^9feet $2*25
J 9x12 feet $3.6 J
ft #v «Sub Tap-strv
ft ys>. cv Brussels
ft f^Ajh)^ y«Ki Carpets,
ft r?_j/f\i_-<:\sL &stjl worth
1 » Cnfc\ ufA^i '//TO ><tXi 90' .25
■* N?kf :W' '!«*?/ Vi colors
i T^SvllyS U <~*s^ and pst *
ft V:w!ni , //, rH"'^! terns -a
* X-*''^S%^h^<#.* bargain
? W^%#* at . h . la
1 * VluUE'i'^iafe** week's
ft \Tjl , #»©' 4 *?P IJ special
\r^*" *• (wP pr;ce per
J yard 650
ft
ft
ft
j Saie of Fine
» D.nner Sets*
* __i _^r^j.
ft
ft For this week only — Meakin's Semi-Porce-
J lain Dinner Sets, light brown border and
? colore i spray of autumn leaf decora-
J tions, 105 pieces complete for 12 per-
ft son-, regularly $12 50 set, special fo^-
«. one week ; : t $7.25
ko4Aftftft»^ft«tftft»*<feft ftj»4 ft«»
ADJOURNED COURT TO
EARN WEDDING FEES
SAN RAFAEL, July 22.— The unusual
spectacle was witnessed here to-day of a
Justice of the Peace adjourning court and
granting a recess in order that he might
perform a double marriage ceremony and
secure a fee which would otherwise have
fallen to the lot of a hated rival. As soon
as the knot was tied the judicial dignitary
calmly returned to his seat on the bench,
and after announcing that everything had
been serenely settled proceeded to call
court and go on with the trial.
Justice George Redden received a mes
sage by telephone at 10:30 o'clock this
morning stating that two couples had pro
• A One P^.y &a.te*
The popular One-Day Special Sales continued until further notice.
Only first-class, seasonable goods that we can guarantee are offered
for these Bargain Sales. Daily "ads" in the morning papers now.
Head them and see the unparalleled offerings that The Emporiam is
making. Here's the list for Monday:
Sheets toady -made Sheets, sizeBlx9"> inches, well made of a reliable
quality of sheeting, dry ironed, torn by hand aid finished with
2-inch hem— on special sale Monday, while quantity lasts,
each 4-OC
PgflnW Large-size Pillow Case?, hemstiched, made of a gooi round
/*i»«2*»« thr-ad c.sing, finished with 2v eh hem— on special sale Mon-
l*aseS - (JaY( whi , 0 q Uan tity lasts:
50x3 -inch size, each tic
54x36-inch size, each 12 l G
SttreadS Marseilles Bfd Spreads, extra tne quality, attractive raised
y **" *" patterns and designs, size 82x90 inches, The Emporium's ser-
viceable spreads that sell regularly for $2.65 each on special
sal" Monday oily at $1*95
Canton Bie.ched, well-made c'oth, fleecy and warm, 23 inches wide,
T-5_~.~.~~.3 will give great service, our regular 12,4 c grade— on special
Flannel— sale Mond >y?t IGc
House Gre y Eiame,ed Tea Kettles, good /^^^
_C»*_»nich he ivy quality, the large No. 7 size that / *~ i "^ /
r»irMS»n- ge] ] s re U i ar i y f or c _ on special sa'e / » \
BngS — Mondayat 5'C ( j£__^^_ /
Grey Enameled Saucepans, medium V\ ff~ =^1
size", heavy qualit', rigul it Iy 31c each — | \I ~~-f^\
on special sale Monday.. tBs V/b= \^=Ez\
Grey Enameled Coffee Pots, medium \_^_. 1 _J
size, good heavy quality, that sells regu-
larly for 4_:c e*ch — on spec sal? Monday at 26c
Knives, ? us !f l ? wh 'sL^ (f'&'a ~:f-:::~, iltf )
ica„ Ft** — handled Table > r^—
ttc* 9 it -a. Knives, shape *.'o#i
like picture— on special snle Monday, set of 6 for $1.30
Siver-plated Pepper 9nd Salts— sffyyf>, <£^S^
like picture— put up in neat box— on spe- &j^i fa,-."^^
cial sale M nday— pair 18c «^^ h-==^ in
Writing Hurlburt's extra quality Writing Pa- -^ =fz f-
Materials per— titian shape, 24 sheets of paper , £_\
m*Mieri*-i9 an t25 envelopes in 5 tints, re gular t_~| ?_:
price 3ic box — about 100 boxes on special '^^^^ Eg^ .
sale Monday at 24c «^=S> **^mf&*
Legal Cap Paper-extra quality, regu- ||ftj
larly 15c qu r>- — on special sale Monday — 48 sheets |Mj *1
for." 15C Epo^f
Ladies' Ladies' Chocolate Color Vici Kid Lace Shoes, like M'y^'X
Ofc c— picture, vesting cloth tops, new coin to>s, S'j.^\
OnOOS straight kid tips, sewed soles, easy fit- M_ '. "fy\
ting and will give good service — sold regu- AY y-'fJ
lar.y at $1.98 per pair— all sizas on sne- <_ct>^®^*
cial sale Monday only $1.53 J^^^J^
& roeDcr^y^pcciald
for Th ree Day&*
These great bargains in guaranteed first quality Groceries and
Liquors are posit iiy lor (Mmdav, Tuesday and Wednesday only.
Flour— Empor urn Fancy Family, there is none better made, on .-ale for 'he 3
dn s. 50-ln b g :-\-7 7g
Baking Powder ' Emporium brar,d pronounced by eminent chemists to
10 pure and without adulteration. 1-lb tins, special for the 3 days 30 O
Cheese Ty be s'b quality of Mild California, for the 3 days, per lb lie
Van Gamp's Soups— All kinds, regularly 2 cans for 25c, on special sale
for 3 days, 3 cans o"V""-;??, 0
Beans— Bayou aid Pink B_ans, clean and first quality, for the 3 days 11 Ibs
for 25g
Frenoh Vermouth— On special sa'e fo-- 3 days, bottle o&c
Angostura Btters—On special sale for ■' days, per bottle 58
Tokay Win';— arly 50c per bottle, only 4iotes to each buyer at th?
sneciil prio for 3 days of 4 bottles for $1-00
Champion Eourbon— Regularly $ .50 a gallon, ;<nd you cannot get better
at th . regular price, on spechl sale for 3 days, per gallon $2.6 J
A 4444 4_»»A^t<*^ft^*^^4Aft^»^ft4^*'*^'&^ft<'' fe^ i&< i' ,a * , *
cured a license to marry and were await
ing his presence at the courthouse. At the
time a number of persons were being ex
amined as regards their eligibility to act
as jurors in the trial of four Chinese
charged with illegal fishing off San Pedro
Point. For a minute after he got the
message the Justice sat in deep thought.
The attorneys were eager to secure a
jury on the one hand; on the other a vis
lon flitted acros his mind that Recorder
Gardner, a rival with whom Rodden has
had frequent and heated quarrels over the
performance of marriage ceremonies,
might secure the fee. The pressure proved
too heavy. and Justice Rodden adjourned
court, with the statement that he would
grant a recess of fifteen minutes.
Hastening to the courthouse he took the
principals into the Supervisors' chamber
and there married them. The persons
united were William H. Campbell and
Mrs. Margaret L. Howes, and A. C. Camp
bell and Mrs. Rosa Rowe. Receiving his j
fees, the Justice returned post haste to '
court and proceeded with the examina- j
tion.
Later in the day Walter F. Plunkett,
son of the well-known attorney, whose of
fices are in the Mills building, procured
a license and was united to Miss Ida A.
Marsh of 928 Capp street. The bride was
(if age. but as Walter was only 18 years
old his mother. Mrs. W. A. Plunkett. who
accompanied him, was obliged to give her
written consent before Clerk Graham ;
would issue the license. '
USES A BAR OF STEEL
TO TAMP A BLAST
REDDING, July 22.— Three men were
blown forty feat by the accidental dis- |
Summer Hosiery J
and Underwear* *
Six unusually good values in the *
correct weights and fashions for J|>
the present season. *
Ladies' low neck, no sleeves, Egyptian 2,
Cotton Vests, fancy finish around neck
and armholes, colors white, pink and <£
sky blue — each fsc it
Ladies' high neck long sleeves and high ♦
neck short . —^\ *
sleeves, me- If&^Sw *
dium weight v )i 4
cotton Vests L **'/
— Pants to <L V r .*./■ *
match knee /~^'/^\^ * *
or ankle //MStM\ J?
lengths, in b/T "" %\ *
ecru only, per f&p&ls. // y -,
garment V^/JH^/ #
25c MM ,fj \* v 'V
Ladies' m :dium ftdpT / / *
Is. mmer I*3 7 v ♦
weight fine M /,'Y s *f
I nported __y /'i *•*
French Meri- < / / -^ 2
no Vests, high
neck iong sle' yes, and h'gh neck short
sleeves — these ga:m?nts will not «#
shrink — white, natural, back "♦
and ink-each.. $I.GO *
Ladies' fast black Maco Cotton Hose, J
elastic tops, seam. double heels J*
and toes — per pair 12 -O 2
Children's extra heavy fast black Cotton
Hose, double knees, heels and toes, £
good stocking for rough wear, sizes 6 #
to 10— pair 12 G Uf
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Cotton <*
Hose, white polka dots — per pair.2sc *
■*
Photographers' |
Supplies* I
A few specialties in The Emporium's _■
up-to-date Camera Department. <*
Just received the new flexible Art A'- *
bums in 3sh or sage-green leaves, with J*
parchment i'.ter'eaving. J*
2:5 leaves, s^x7, cloth binding 35c J2I
50 leaves, 3 x7, cloth binding 5Qg «
25 leaves, 7xlo, cloth binding 50g "%
50 leaves, 7xlo. cloth binding 7 5 J _*
Karma Toning Tablets, box 25™ *
Poco Ray Screen..... 75c *
Ray Filters, ' each $2. 5 J J
Neg Dry, for drying negatives in a few Jj
minutrs, bottle 35c 2
Eureka Toning and Fixing Solution, 8 3
oz 25c *
Eiko Cum Hydro Developer, 8 0z...3Q0 «f
All of the new models '99 Cameras in *&
stock— V yes, Cyclone Magazines, Ko- *
daks, Pocos and Premos. J*
Developing and printing of Kodak _*
Pictures a specialty. *
\V Bissell \
\ Carpet I
\ Sweepers, J
\ $t.&7. I
vl A few dozen of these rele- *
Vl brated Carpet Sweepers, *
'X. the vary best made, J
Mt^^s^" —^£ each one guaran-
i"^ t Y-\ teed and regu-
rr L*<<rt^^^^^>', larly s2.so each <■'
N^jirf<a —while, quan- *
*£l^_£^7^b-^*s^ *'** l x! < *
J^^^^^ $1.87 *
Only one to a customer. _>
House Furnishing Department— f
Main Floor. <*
4JI4J 4 A.taeA<A^e^AA_taS
charge of a blast in the waste rock quarry
at Iron Mountain this morning. Worth
Brown was so badly injured that he died
within five minutes. Foreman Smiley of
the blasting gang had part of one hand
torn off and his eyes so badly injured that
it is doubtful if he will ever regain his
eyesight. William Nye got off more for
tunately, his injuries being not of a seri
ous nature.
The accident occurred at 3:30 o'clock
this morning. The night shift was at
work in the quarry. William Nye and
Worth Brown were putting in a blast of
black powder. Foreman Smiley was
standing near. Nye was tamping the
charge with the ordinary wooden tamp.
For some reason he changed and took a
bar of steel with which to do the tamping.
It was a fatal error. Just after he
changed tamps the explosion occurred.
The steel bar probai ly struck a flash of
fire from a rock, thus setting off the
charge.
56
' 1 =
SUNDAY JULY 23, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. ■
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sta, i. F
Telephone Main IStL
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevensen Street
Telephone Main 1874.
XHBJCVTBRKT) BT CASHIERS. IB CBJOTS M.X Tim
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Posts**:
DAILT- CALL (including Sunday Call), ons year #6.0*
E»AILT CALL. (Including Sunday Call). « m0nth5........ 8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .._... 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month *So
SUNDAY CALL One Tear ~ - LSO
.VTKBKLT CALL One Tear I- 00
All postmasters are authorised to reoetrs subscriptions.
Sample copies win be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND -OFFICE *» Broadwaj
C. GEORGE KROGirceS,
Manaftar Forelta Advertising. Mmnpttrtf Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Trlbano-BuHdtaft
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Anflltorium HoteL
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
■Waldorf -AstoriaiHotel; A. Bremtatw. tl Vn_«a «<iuarai
Murray Bin HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. CorreaoondeDt. v
BRANCH 'OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9r30 o'clocK- 587 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 6&9 McAllister street, open uotll 9.30
O'clock- 615 LarVrln street, open until 930 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- ££°' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, ©pen until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. oorner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Dancing Ctrl."
Columbia— "Heartsease," Monday night
Orpheum -Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Blue Beard."
Alcazar— "The New Magdelen."
Grand Opera House — "Olivette."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Kilts* Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Pay.
eutro Swimming Races, etc.
Glen Park— Grand performance to-day.
Union Coursing Park— <iju--tng to-day.
Reor-pftMon Park-"' baseball To-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. Barth— Tuesday, July 25. at II o'clock, Book
Ft re, at 1726 Market street.
THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
ALE arrangements have been made for hold
ing the Republican primaries in a manner that
will secure to every' member of the party his
right to cast an honest ballot and have it honestly
counted. That much has been gained by the energy
and the resolution of the rank and file of loyal Repub
licans in combating the schemes of would-be bosses.
It is now time to consider the next step that must be
taker, toward the accomplishment of Republican suc
cess at the polls and a good administration of munici
pal affairs.
To assure the nomination of good men it is neces
sary the convention should be composed of men who
are resolved to make such nominations. 11 is, there
fore, the duty of Republicans in every Assembly dis
trict to elect to the convention men of approved worth
and of known civic as well as party loyalty. That is
the next. step in the march to victory and good gov
ernment. It is the step which must now be arranged,
prepared for and made certain.
One of the points to be insisted upon in choosing
delegates is that no office-holder should be among
them. Of course office-holders have all the rights of
other citizens, but in this case propriety dictates they
should stand aside, and if they do not they should be
put aside by the voters. The holders of office may
rightly enough take an active part in the primaries,
but not one of them ought to hold a seat in the con
vention. The body that is to represent Republicanism
in nominating candidates for office must be composed
of men who have no personal favors to ask, or wires
to pull. They must be delegates animated by the sole
object of nominating as the candidates of the party
men who can be relied upon to be faithful in office to
every duty and responsibility intrusted to them.
Nor is that all. In addition to nominating a good
ticket, the convention must elect a body of energetic,
honest, able, reliable men as a County Committee. It
will be of little avail to nominate a strong ticket if the
committee intrusted with the management of the cam
paign be not equally deserving of public confidence.
Its membership should be carefully considered. No
man suspected with good cause to be a servant or an
ally of would-be bosses ought to have a place among
the party managers, or be intrusted with authority in
the party council during the campaign. .
These, then, are the issues before us: to elect to the
convention good men, not one of whom is an office
holder; to assure the nomination, first, of a strong
ticket and, second, the selection of a trustworthy
County Committee. To attain these desired ends it
will be necessary that the business men, the property
owners, the taxpayers and the intelligent workingmen
of the party shall from this time on give attention to
their political duties and take an active and an earnest
part in the primary elections.
The time has come for the better elements of the
people to assert themselves in the management of poli
tics. San Francisco can start her career under the new
charter with a good administration if the people so
will it. The Republican party has opened the way for
honesty to triumph and if corruption win it. will be
solely because the taxpayers have neglected their po
litical opportunities and civic duties.
A bearded lady in New York is afflicted with a dis
ease, the particular manifestation of which consists of
a swelling of the head and hands. Physicians can
readily understand how the ability to raise wdiiskers
would swell the head of any woman, but they cannot
for the life of them see how it would puff her hands.
The proprietor of a hotel at Suisun caught a man
the other day in the act of stealing his cash register.
The fellow explained that it was a joke, but the hotel
man is still of the opinion that, if he had not stopped
him, the joke would have been carried too far.
Lombroso, the great criminologist, who has been
making a long-distance study of Lieutenant Hobson
of the Merrimac, is inclined to the belief that the
y .ung naval hero is the greatest of all kissing bugs.
Superstitious people will hail with delight the news
that a trust has been formed to control the opal mines
of Mexico. No one will object to a corner in bad
luck.
THE FAMILY OF NATIONS.
■ * * .j-j ___* •*-* « l-TWOT' \J
THE United States, we are told, have incurred
certain obligations as a member of the family of
nations, and that these require that we act in
matters external by using all the powers which belong
to any sovereignty.
The objection to this view is that it ignores the char
acter and purposes of our Government. It throws
away the good example of exact justice and strict
national morality which it has been our mission and
policy to show the world. When we began govern
ment under the constitution we found that every other
sovereignty in the family of nations claimed absolute
ownership of its people, as its subjects, and denied to
them the right to cast off that ownership and transfer
themselves to the ownership or citizenship of any
other sovereignty. A necessary doctrine to the exist- j
ence of the divine right of kings was: "Once a sub- |
ject always a subject." The sovereign could sell the j
allegiance of the subject to another, but the subject
himself could not forswear or transfer it. Along
with this went the doctrine that might makes right.-
Under this the stronger sovereignty could, by cause
less invasion and conquest, forcibly seize the alle
giance and ownership of the subjects of the weaker
and the church absolved them from any sin in submit
ting to their new owner, who had the divine right to
take them if he could.
Our first great international action rose in denial
of this doctrine that might makes right and that gov
ernments own men and can deny them the right of
expatriation and the privilege of choosing their domi
cile. Persistently for more than fifty years we pressed
the right of expatriation. We ofTered not only a domi
cile but our own birthright of free citizenship to the
thralls born under the European system. We fought
the war of 1812 mostly in vindication of that right,
and in the Martin Kozsta affair declared our willing
ness to make war on all Europe in defense of a single
naturalized citizen.
We have in sentiment always denied the right of
England to hold the Irish by conquest and voice the
protest of Ireland against seven centuries of subjection
to an alien power.
We have in like manner decried the butchery of Po
land and our literature and politics are full of depre
cation of the crime by which she was mutilated like a
carcass hacked for hounds, by the powers around her.
because she was weak and they were strong. We were
in. full sympathy with France when Germany parti
tioned, her by conquest and lamented that the victor
did not satisfy herself with the great money indemnity
exacted, rather than assert the old doctrine of the
transfer of allegiance by conquest. In all of our
treaties acquiring Louisiana, Florida and what we
took from Mexico, we consistently abided by this po
sition and offered the subjects of France and Spam
and the citizens of Mexico our birthright of citizen
ship, or the full protection of all their rights if they
chose to depart and go to the flag under which they
had been subjects.
It was this position which made this republic the
hope of the oppressed and brought to our shores the
freedom-seekers of every nation. We were in the fam
ily of nations as a republic, denying every monarchical
theory which fettered the person or withheld the rights
of man to self-government and the privilege to seek
its establishment on the soil that bore him, or depart
to its enjoyment where it was already administered.
It will be seen that imperialism abandons this
wholesome principle so necessary to the continuance
of liberty! And it will be seen, also, that our position
in the Philippines is an aggravated and radical asser
tion of the ownership of man by a sovereignty, and
the right to dispose of his allegiance without consult
ing his wishes!
Therefore when we are told that we are under obli
gations to the family of nations which require our im
perial policy, it is the equivalent of saying- that we are
not permitted any longer to appear in that family as a
republic, the friend and promoter of freedom, but
must in that association recognize the thin imperial,
principles of divine right; that might makes right and
man has no personal control of his civil allegiance,
but is a rebel if he refuses to be sold or to submit to
conquest.
We have reversed ourselves, and have in one year
admitted all that we have denied since we issued the
Declaration of Independence.
DEMOCRACY AND IMPERIALISM.
BY cleverly dodging the extreme silver men, and
by carefully confining itself to what was hardly
more than clerical work, the Democratic Na
tional Committee managed to get through the meet
ing at Chicago on Thursday without taking sides with
any of the wrangling factions of the party. It was the
unexpected that happened. Instead of storm there
was stagnation.
There was no lack of opportunity for a row if the
National Committee had felt in a humor for one.
The fight between the Harrison and the Altgeld
gangs in Chicago was in full evidence during the pro
ceedings, and the committeemen were again and
again challenged to take one side or the other. Much
sad experience has taught them wisdom, however,
and they kept out of the wrangle. The result is that
so far as the National Committee is concerned no
declaration has been made as to what course the
Democratic party will take on any of the issues be
fore the country.
In the meantime the movement of the influential
leaders to get rid of Bryan goes steadily forward. It
matters not to them which way they move so long as
the course takes them far from the Chicago
platform and its champion. Senator Morgan, who
speaks with more authority than any other single
man for the Democracy of the South, has once more
declared himself in favor of new issues, and has
cheered his followers with predictions that such is
sues will be forthcoming.
In a recent interview he announced that the cam
paign of iooo would be made not on one issue, but on
many. He is quoted as having said: "The more
there are the better for us. The Congress that as
sembles in December will, in providing for the gov
ernment of our new possessions, have to modify the
tariff, which will materially strengthen the Demo
cratic position. Sugar will give you issue enough.
We can no more place a tax on sugar from Porto
Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines than we can from
Louisiana. Then, in providing for the government
of the islands, will come the arranging of a financial
system. Silver has been the only money there, there
, fore the remonetization of silver will be again de
manded by the Democrats. If we can't get free coin
age we will say give us five hundred or a thousand
millions. Once we make an inroad, the rest of the
party way will be cleared."
As if those issues were not enough to build hopes
upon, the Senator added: "Then, again, the issue
will be injected of the income tax, which no effort
has been made to collect. I shall as soon as Con
gress assembles introduce a joint resolution to require
the President to collect this tax, which will no doubt
throw it again into the Supreme Court. Still another
issue will be brought out by the reapportionment by
Republicans in Congress under the new census, and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JULY 28, 1899.
the action to be taken on the fourth and fifteenth
_a&vej_.dments to the constitution, as far as it relates to
States like Louisiana, for instance, which has dis
franchised the negroes. As to trusts, both parties will
denounce 'them in the strongest terms, and neither
do anything inimical to them."
There is a certain frank cynicism in that last state
ment which is characteristic of the man. "Both par
ties will denounce trusts in the strongest terms, and
neither do anything inimical to them." The state
ment is not strictly accurate, for it is to be noted the
Republican party has made no pledges concerning
anti-trust legislation it has not fulfilled. The impor
tant feature of the interview is the advantage the Sen
ator expects to gain for his party out of the im
perialist programme. Imperialism means free trade
in sugar, fruit, tobacco, rice and all the products of
the tropical islands. It also means an opening for
the issue of more fiat money. The Senator is an im
perialist. The people, however, are well aware of
those dangers and are not likely to walk into the snare
that is set for them. Imperialistic Democracy is no
more attractive than Bryanite Democracy.
SAN FRANCISCO fJND MER LIBRARIES.
SAN FRANCISCO is the only American city of
metropolitan rank that is ill equipped with libra
ries. In that respect, she is so far behind other
large cities of the Union that any comparisons on the
subject would be odious to her people. That much is
well known and understood, ami it has been the desire
of many of the more earnest leaders of the intellectual
life of the city to bring about a better condition of
affairs.
The desired end is not impracticable nor even diffi
cult of solution, and if it be sought in the right way
and by the right men may be accomplished within a
time comparatively short.
The key to the situation is the Mercantile Library
j with its handsome building, its valuable collection of
; books, its heavy mortgage and its location out of
reach of the class of people to whom .such a library
j appeals. If the Mercantile Library could be consoli
dated with that of the Mechanics' Institute there
would be at once established a large downtown library
of the first class with a patronage sufficient to main
tain and to develop it into one of the foremost of its
kind in America. The Mercantile Library building
could be sold for a sum sufficient to pay the debts of
the institution, so that the consolidation would impose
no burdens on the Mechanics' Institute.
Nor is that all. It is well known the Free Public
Library is not only inconveniently but inadequately
housed at the City Hall. The Mercantile Library
building is in a good situation for the Free Public
Library, and if purchased by the city would furnish
the Free Library at once with just the sort of edifice
it needs for its books and its work.
There are, of course, sentimental objections to
i breaking up the Mercantile. It is the oldest library in
' the city, has a history of which its supporters are
I justly proud, and it is natural many of them should
I hesitate to disestablish it. Such considerations, how
ever, are mot well supported by reason nor by a right
respect for the object of the founders of the institu
tion. The pioneers established it for the purpose of
providing San Francisco with a great subscription
library that would be of use to her scholarship, her
culture and her general education. Such was their ob
; ject, and events have brought it about that the object
I can be attained much better by union with the Me
! chanics' Institute than by maintaining the Mercantile
j as a separate institution.
San Francisco requires two libraries, one free and
public, the other maintained by subscription; the one
centrally located and distributing its books through
subordinate reading rooms in different parts of the
city, the other located downtown where the business
of the community is carried on and readily acessible
to its patrons during business hours or during the
evenings. The Institute Library is ideally situated
for the uses of business men. It is just where such a
library should be. while the Mercantile is out of the
Way. It is at the Institute Library, therefore, the
great. subscription library should be built up. By as
sisting in that work the object of the founders of the
Mercantile can be best carried out to a speedy realiza
tion and San Francisco be supplied with a library
worthy of her rank among the cities of the republic.
No doubt Mr. Chambers can keep up a reasonable
degree of courage down at Samoa by saying to him
self over and over again that the President does not
want his resignation of the Chief Justiceship, but let
us give pause. Is it of record that the President has
ever been asked?
There must be a mistake in the dispatch from
Montevideo that announces the presence of the
United States gunboat Wilmington off the mouth of
the Platte River. It cannot be that Bill Bryan has
sneaked into South. America!
LflW TANGLES fIND WAR PROBLEMS.
A CURIOUS sidelight is thrown upon the per
plexities of the administration by the decision
of the President to confide the direction of the
War Department to a lawyer rather than to a man of
military training or of executive experience. It ap
pears the legal tangles of' the Philippine imbroglio
are much more harassing than the war problems.
The selection of a lawyer for the office is not in
itself a matter of surprise. Several lawyers have occu
pied the position in times past, and one of them, Ed
win M. Stanton, proved himself during the Civil War
to be one of the most efficient organizers of military
administration the world has ever seen. None of the
former War Secretaries, however, was selected pri
marily because of a need -of a lawyer in the depart
ment. The choice of Mr. Root has been determined
01. that ground solely. It seems to be a law case and
not a campaign we are conducting against Aguinaldo.
If this view of the situation be correct, General Otis
stands blameless for not prosecuting the war more
vigorously. It may be that he is in the situation of a
bailiff who has gone out with a very large posse com
itatus to arrest Aguinaldo and his followers for
trespass "vi et armis" upon certain town lots, subur
ban tracts, farms and jungles purchased by us from
Spain. Naturally he does not wish to exceed the legal
powers of a bailiff and therefore desires counsel to ad
vise him how far he can go and where he must stop.
It would also appear that Alger's resignation was
due to no lack of administrative ability, but to ineffi
ciency as a counselor at law to the bailiffs in the field.
It will be remembered that some years ago when the
exigencies of British politics raised a lawyer to the
office of First Lord of the Admiralty Gilbert's facile
pen very neatly satirized the appointment and made it
contribute to the gayety of nations by the well known
song of the admiral in "Pinafore": "Stick close to
your desk, and never go to sea; and you'll get to be
the ruler of the Queen's navee." It was' a good song
and a merry one. Our politics now points the same
moral and the Hon. Elihu Root will have the satis
faction of serving as a- reminder to every clerk in art
attorney's office that by due attention to the practice
of law he may become the director in chief of great
imperial wars and Asiatic conquests.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS,
BY JOHN McNfIUQHT.
From the loud expressions of delight
over the Increase ln the assessments of
the property of corporations In this
city, a casual observer would suppose
we had solved the whole problem of
taxation for municipal purposes, and
had achieved justice to all and an am
ple revenue for the city at one stroke.
The casual observer, however, would
be mistaken. Our prevalent joy and
universal congratulation is due to the
fact that we are paying more atten
tion to the one corporation brought Into
the taxation fold than to the ninety
and nine that escaped and are still
gamboling In a comparatively untaxed
freedom.
The problem of how to compel each
citizen to pay his due share of taxes,
without exacting from him one cent
more than that, remains unsolved. In
deed, its solution has never been se
riously attempted on this side of the
continent. It is different in the East;
they have more tax solvers over there
: than taxpayers — almost as many as tax
shirkers; and as a consequence, the lit
erature on Eastern tax issues ranges
from grave to gay, from lively to se
vere, and in bulk is sufficient to fill up
a library, or a junk shop.
Some years ago George H. Andrews,
Tax Commissioner of the City of Xew
York, contributed to the gayety of the
discussion of the tax problems this
summary' of a few of the Incongruities
of the tax system of that State:
A has $100,000 of imported goods, and is
exempt.
B has $100,000 of miscellaneous goods,
and is taxed.
C has $100,000 of goods consigned, and ls
exempt.
D has $100000 of goods owned, and ls
taxed.
E has $100,000 of goods manufactured ln
New Jersey, and is exempt.
F has $100,000 of goods manufactured In
the city, and is taxed.
G has $100,000 of goods for which he bor
rowed capital on United States bonds, and
Is exempt.
II has $100,000 of goods which he sold
United States bonds to pay for, and ls
taxed.
I has $100,000 in ships plying from this
port but registered in Boston, and ls ex
empt.
J has $100,000 ln ships plying in the Pa
cific but registered here, and is taxed.
X has $100,000 in mortgages on New Jer
sey property, interest paid in Jersey City
and mortgages deposited there, and is ex
empt.
L has $100,000 in mortgages on city prop
erty, and is taxed.
M has $100,000 of money in his pocket,
and is exempt.
N has $100,000 of money In bank, and Is
taxed.
O has $100,000 of certificates. of deposit in
sub-treasury, and is exempt.
P has $100,000 of certificates of deposit in
bank, and is taxed.
Q has $100,000 of specie in the assay of
fice, and is exempt.
R has $100,000 of specie in his safe, and ls
taxed.
S has $100,000 check on the United States j
Treasury, and is exempt.
T has $100,000 check on bank, and Is
taxed.
U has $100,000 of treasury notes, and ls
exempt.
V has $100,000 of promissory notes, and is
taxed.
W has $100,000 of United States bonds,
and Is exempt.
X has $100,000 of State or city bonds, and
is taxed.
_ T has $100,000 In certificates of indebted
ness of United States, and ls exempt.
/. has $100,000 in certificates of indebted
ness of a corporation, and is taxed.
• • •
To that list running from A to Z of
the absurdities of i New York taxation,
! Commissioner Andrews added: "If the
alphabet had been longer, my tale had
been stronger." Since the statement
1 was made many of the incongruities
specified have been removed, but
' enough remain to fill the list again, in
: case any one should desire to do so;
! and California is in as bad a plight as
; New York was before the reform move
j ment started itself and then started all
the . big personal property owners to
J moving their domicile to New Jersey.
Taking State taxation as a whole
I throughout the Union, it will be found
! that the burdens rest mainly upon
I those who are either too honest or too
I stupid to evade them. We tax honesty
! and ignorance rather than property,
I and consequently whenever we catch
something neither honest nor ignorant
and compel it to pay taxes, we feel like
, making a civic holiday and shouting
j for joy.
A universally satisfactory solution of
j tax problems is not likely to be at-
I tamed by this generation. The people
know what they wish, but they do not
know how to accomplish it. We have
achieved smokeless powder, wireless
: telegraphy, horseless vehicles and
! lightless photography, but what we are
; most earnestly yearning for is a tax
! less government.
• • •
. Yachting experts, and persons who
i expect to make big bets on the coming
j contest for the America's cup, are
; watching the trials of the Columbia
! and the Shamrock with something mor*
I than ordinary curiosity. They are
j seeking for facts on which. base an
' estimate of the relative chances of the-
I competitors; and a good many of them
I believe they have found it.
The races at Cowes between the Bri
j tannia and the Vigilant are taken as a
j basis for the calculations. The two
! yachts were about equal, taking one
i kind of wind and sea with another. The
j Vigilant returned to this country and
j went into trial races with the Defen
! der, the result of which showed the
I Defender could beat the Vigilant in a
thirty-mile race by an average of five
minutes and fifteen seconds. From
that record the conclusion is the De
fender is about that much superior to
the Britannia, and therefore if the
i Shamrock can beat the Britannia by
! six minutes she is clearly in the De
| fender's class.
Now the Columbia is being tried out
| in a series of races with the Defender,
j and the Shamrock is being tried out
I against the Britannia; and as a conse
j quence the results of the matches will
afford a fairly good basis upon which
to found an estimate of the compara
| tive merits of the two competitors.
Despite the seeming .simplicity of the
problem, however, there are wide di
vergences in the estimates. A British
expert figures out the Shamrock must
beat the Britannia twenty minutes in
a thirty-mile course in order to have
a chance- to win, while a New York
authority estimates she will have a
chance if she can beat the Britannia
by .fifteen minutes. There are others
who- assert the two yachts are about
equal and the victory will go to that
which is best handled in the race. The
j only unimpeachable conclusion to be
drawn from lt all is that it Is safest
not to bet.
• • •
The prevailing splutter and flurry
over the kissing bug is a striking illus
tration of the old proverb, "We always
see what we look for." The American
Union existed for more than a hun
dred years, and ln all that time no one
of the vast population within its wide
domain ever saw a kissing bug. Now,
in the height of the summer, which is
so justly called "the silly season," there
comes out of the East a story that a
kissing bug has made his appearance
at the watering places along the At
lantic coast, and all at once the crea
ture appears simultaneously all over
the United States; and every commun
ity has its thrilling tale to tell of the
terrors of the creature's kiss.
Is there any such thing as a kissing
bug?
Lots of creatures of various kinds and j
sizes have been taken by various kinds |
and sizes of people to various kinds and j
sizes of entomologists, and each ento
mologist has been assured by each vis
itor that his or her particular speci
men is the bug that does the kiss
ing; and the entomologist has been gen
erously informed that if he would name
it he could have it. In every case the
creature thus submitted to the investi- j
gation of science has been found to be ,
a very old sort of thing, and in no case '.
has any scientist indorsed one as a kiss- I
ing bug.
• • •
The sensation has not been anything
like so severe on this coast as in the
East. With us it is but a nightmare; j
with them it is a delirium tremens. j
Comparatively few bugs have been sus- j
pected in California, but along the At- I
lantic coast all kinds of creatures have |
been arrested and charged with being I
guilty of stinging kisses.
In Philadelphia a story got around j
that entomologists and the professors
of the Medical College would pay $10 I
apiece for the kissing bug, and for days :
thereafter lt almost rained bugs on
every scientific man in town. It is said
the insects offered were of all varie
ties, including such harmless and well
known things as katydids, grasshop
pers and undeveloped butterflies.
To an interviewer, seeking informa
tion on the subject, Mr. Samuel Hen*
shaw of the Agassiz Museum at Har
vard admitted that he didn't know any
thing of the creature and .could give
no information to a public yearning for
knowledge. He said he had been asked
a great many questions regarding the
mysterious insect, and "had examined
several specimens of horseflies pre
sented to him for critical opinion," but
he had not found anything like the
kissing bug of the summer resort tales.
Professor Chope of the Field Museum
in Chicago has also had occasion to ex
amine a varied selection of insects sent
in by a wild populace, but he, like the
rest, has found no kissing bug. The
most frequently accused creature is the
bug bearing the learned name of Me.
lanolestes picipes. but Professor Fuchs,
entomologist of the California Academy
of Sciences, told a writer for this paper
that, to term that creature a kissing
bug "is surely not right."
Thus from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific sea, science knows not the kissing |
bug. and it is safe to bet he is no more
than a humbug.
• • •
Daniel F. Leary, who announces him
self as a toiler in a mill, grinding ink
and paint, has found in the rhythmical
beat of the machinery and the melody
that sings through its noises an inspi
ration to poetry. He says: "A paint
factory is not the best training camp, '.
and yet there may exist an unseen tie
between the grinding of printer's ink
and the grinding of verses; and if so,
thirty-five years at the paint grinder's
art, with brain a swinging to the swing
of my mills, should place my mind ir. I
the majestic 'swing of the Pleiades,'
said by Mr. Markham to be beyond the
reach of a 'Man With the Hoe.' "
As an evidence of his faith in the mill
muse, he submits to the judgment of
the public these verses:
LOVE AMONG METAPHORS.
Birth is a curve, love, and Death is its !
mate;
And Life is the clause, love, that's held
at low rate;
And minor the key is; 'tis rung in by Fate.
This world would naught be without it.
■.'■ •. rf 7 ' "
Between these two curves, love, together j
we two,
So close to my heart I would swing, sweet,
with you:
And your eyes would be heaven forever
In view—
My life, love, is worthless without you.
And Time is a sea, love, and Life is a !
wave,
And Birth is the starter; the goal ls the j
grave.
•Tis mighty rough riding, this billow we
crave
The ride, love, is lonely without you.
And Hope ls a truant who swims all the
. day;
"With the last as the first, love, he's ripe
for the fray; ./•;
And he'll keep on a-awimming till the last
fade away
But life would be flat, love, without him.
And Birth is a gate, love, and Life ia the
way;
And heaven a playground, I've heard peo
ple say;
And Death is the fee for admission we
pay—
Your love would be pass-key without it
Is Birth, too, a 'bus, love? And Life is the
inn
Where Revel and Riot so oft raise a din.
But the lover and loved are safe snuggled
in — v.- 7
My life is a riot without you.
This life is a riddle, and Love is the key.
To unravel the riddle, love, labor with me;
And, Love need a breeches, we'll raise a
fig tree —
For Cupid's so nude, love, without It.
• * •
If there be not merit and a musical
lilt In those verses, I know not the dif- !
ference between genius and a gram- |
marian. The last stanza is something i
of a puzzler from a poetic point of view,
but there's humor in it, and .something I
of realism, for in this prosaic world I
love may "need a breeches'' occasion- j
ally; and fig leaf trouserings would be |
at any rate better than an Examiner !
overcoat. So the poem goes as it stands.
Life would be duller without It.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Lieutenant Frank Watson, U. S. N., is
a guest at the Occidental.
Edwin Tilly, a. wealthy mine owner of
Nevada City, Is one of those who arrived^
in the city yesterday and went to the
Lick. .
Arthur L. Levinsky, a leading law yer
of Stockton, is a guest at the Palace. '
.JVidW Jfcrt'h W " -Angels Can_i> is
"amonglfie'lSte -StiTird_rat-the Gfahd.
Dr.- L. A. McLean has come down from
Sacramento and is staying at the Grand.
Miss Ada Wyekoff of Lorin has left f or
Boulder Creek to spend several weeks.
F. Sabachi, a capitalist of Los .vngf-le s>
is one of the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Edward Skinford, one of the leading at
torneys of Colusa, is a guest at the Lick
R E Jackson, a well-known and popu
lar hotel man of Hot Springs, Ark., is a
guest at the Palace.
C X. Sterry, counsel for the Southern
Pacific' at Los Angeles, Is at the Palacs
with his wife and family.
R P Elliot, a lucky miner from Daw
son', is' at the Palace. He arrived yester
day from Seattle by train.
Daniel E. Hayes, the Prison Director,
returned last night from a trip to Fol
som. He is at the Occidental.
G. A. McElfesh, a prominent member of
the order of Foresters In Los Angeles, is
among the late arrivals at the Grand.
Lieutenants 1. B. Putnam. J. J. Hau
ser and J. G. Leefe were among yester
day's army arrivals at the Occidental.
11. P. Anderson, a lucky prospector who
has returned from the Klondike, is a
guest at the Palace, where he arrived
last night.
W. D. Long, the well known theatrical
man. has returned from his recent visit
to New York and is registered at the
Occidental.
Frank Madison, grand president of the
Native Sons, is up from Santa Cruz on a
visit of pleasure and business. He is reg
istered at the Granu.
Dr. C. I. Fletcher of Indianapolis and
Dr. C. P. McConnell of Chicago are regis
tered at the Grand. Mrs. McConnell ac
companies her husband.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent for
th* Nickel Plate lines, has returned from
his recent trip to Los Angeles, and is reg
istered at the Occidental.
John Rodgers. a mine owner of Chicago,
who Is interested in large and valuable
mineral properties all through the West,
is at the Lick on a business trip to the
Coast.
Professor John J. Donovan of Santa
Clara College has returned from h'- re
cent vacation which he has been spending
in Boise City, Idaho, and is registered at
the Lick.
»$ Those who ad
. * AVOTHFR t mire the modesty
AINUintK and re ticence of
GREAT the Examiner are
cyaMIVPp heaping eulogies
EXAMINER on that gheet for
1 RESCUE. the diffidence it
? A *.? displays in not
♦* " heralding to the
world its latest effort at rescue and the
alleviation of human suffering. They say
that while they cannot help applauding
the noble self-abnegation that has always
characterized that conservative and non
sensational publication, of fireside fiction,
yet in justice to itself it should make
known to the public its heroic efforts in
behalf of those unfortunate hill tribes
who, amid the mountains of Belvedere,
have been undergoing all the awful suf
ferings of a prolonged thirst.
The story of the drought, of the demon
stration against Coop, of the hardships
endured and the fortitude displayed by
the residents of the Sahara of the Pacific,
who for days subsisted with nothing over
their heads but a roof, and nothing around
them to drink but hard and soft liquor,
has already been told in these columns.
Here is the story of the Examiner's latest
rescue.
Among the curious things incident to
Belvedere is one of those wonderful in
sects catalogued by naturalists under the
general head of "Special Commissioners
and Embassadors Extraordinary of the
Daily Examiner."
When the water famine came he saw
his chance, and standing upon the high
est mountain top he, like Moses of old,
promised to find for them a paradise and
water in the desert.
The day before yesterday the special
embassador, awakening from his slumber,
proceeded to the top of his house and
gazed into his tank. He found It as dry
as the columns of his own paper. Swear
ing softly to himself, he took the boat for
this city, his head sunk upon his breast
with the weight of the stupendous scheme
his brain was evolving. Arriving on this
side, he proceeded to his paper, where
a special meeting of the heads of the de
partments was called while he unfolded to
them his massive Idea. They listened and
were overcome by its magnitude. But
what can stop the Examiner when rescue
is the slogan?
The idea was adopted, and a short time
afterward a sprinkling cart filled with
clear, cool water and drawn by two mag
nificent horses was seen to go on board
the Tiburon boat. It arrived at the other
side and. guided by the Extraordinary
Embassador, it proceeded* to his house.
There it halted while he mounted to the
roof and again gazed into the tank. Be
hold! It was filled to the brim with
water.
The explanation is simple. Water has
been running in Belvedere for days. He
simply did not know enough to turn on
the cock. The Examiner has a watering
cart and a span of horses it will give
away to the next person who will send in
a prepaid subscription for one month.
■ ♦ ■
CALIFOKNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 22.— A. Mears
of San Francisco is at the National; E.
O. Hadley of Oakland is at the St. James.
■ ♦ ■
SPEAKING TUBE
For Motormen to Use in Calling
Streets.
Edward C. Bates of Boston, Mass., pro
poses to transfer the duty of calling out
street names from the conductor to the
motorman of a street car, whose attention
is not diverted by collecting fares and
making change. In order to make this
duty convenient for the man on the front
platform a hinged mouthpiece, is fixed to
the under side of the car roof, on the end
of a tube leading into the interior of the
car. He has only to call out the street
as It is approached, and his words are car
ried into the middle of the car, where
every one can hear them. When it hap
pens that this particular end of the car
is being used by the conductor the mouth
piece is turned up but of the way.
■ ♦ » . —
A leading feature of San Francisco—
Townsend's California glace fruits; 50c tt>;
_£, - fl _ e-etched boxes or Japanese baskets.
627 Market street.. Palace Hotel bldg. ■
' — ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tb
fres.B Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042, *ADVERTISEMENTS.
Golden Gate GEoak^Suit House
1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
!_■ II IM« I I _ ■■IWI *!■ [~*~
STILL GREATER REDUCTIONS I
To Close Balance of
SUM/VVER STYLES!
POSITIVE BARGAINS.
$40 and $50 Tailor-Made Suits reduced to $____£. 50 and $30.00
• $25 ?nd $.10 Tailor-Made Suits reduced to $15. 00 and 818.00
$16 50 and $20 Tailor-Made Suits reduced t0.. 512.50 and $10.00
JACKETS.
$5. 50 and $10 Jackets reduced to $5.00 and .*»<>. so
$1° 50 and $15 rackets reduced to 87.50 and $8.50
$17 50 and $20 Jackets reduced to $10.00 and $12.50
■•'■-•■
SILK DRESS SKIRTS.
$5.50 Silk Skirts reduced to §__.*!?*■*
$10 Silk Skirts reduced t0.... _:?A*Ji »
$16 50 Silk Skirts reduced to J ?_ *_>"-'*
$20 Silk Skirts reduced to 81 — ««>0
WASH WAISTS.
75c Waists to close at ~'A°
$1 Waists to ■lose at or
. $1.50 and $1.75 Waists to close at ■•••••" ':1 ."u» < ,»/_
Silk Moil Underskirts reduced to $3.50 and $4.00
75c White Duck Skirts reduced to "J^ 1,
$1.25 Linen Crash Skirts reduced to ■•■')»«
$2 Linen Crash Skirts reduced to pl.^o
SILK WAISTS.
I Sill. Waists reduced to S'i"-n
$6.50 Silk Waists reduced to Sit _-»!-_
$8.50 Silk Waists reduced to $<|00
$10 Silk Waists reduced to $0.50
jm sua waibis* rtuuu'i v*
JUST ARRIVED.
NEW GOLF CAPES. PLAID DRESS SKIRTS.
I
Golden Gate Gloak^ Suit House
1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
THE DEWEY PORTRAITS.
To the many advertising patrons of
The Call who were disappointed yes
terday in not securing one of '''•" splen«
did portraits of Admiral Dewey we
wish to express our regrets for haying
advertised to supply every one with a
portrait and not being able tO (If so.
As a matter of fact, the demand for
this perfect picture of the nation's idol
has been so greatly in excess of our
expectations that the supply a- en
tirely exhausted Friday evening.
A telegraphic order for several thou
sand more of the traits has been
sent and these are now on the way. On
their receipt we shall be in a position
To supply all comers.
Remember no "no ir. slighted.
Whether th.' advertisement brings to
us 10 cents or as many dollars outs no
figure. EVERY ONE RECEIVES A
PORTRAIT FREE OF CHARGE
WITH EACH ADVERTISEMENT IX
<;pr'Trp
HOT WATER PROFITS.
Uncle Sam's Income From His Ar
kansas Reservation.
By ar. act of Congress, passed in April.
£832 when Arkansas was still a territory,
the Hot Springs, with four sections of
land, were sot aside for the future dis
posal of the 'En. ted States. By the act
of March. 1577. the appointment of Com
nLisllorier? was authorized to lay out into
lots an*! streets certain tracts of land in
Carkr.nl County, a part of the Hot
Spf'ngs reservation. The levying of a
special 'ax on water taken from the hot
springs vas authorized; tho money aris
ing from water rents to be used In im
proving the reservation. By the act of
June. I^SO. these divisions of the _ Hot
Sprinrs reservation known as North
Mountain; West Mountain and Sugar
oat - Mountain were dedicated to public
u?<_ as paik: on a permanent reservation,
aggregating 900 acres.
The hot water issues from tho base and
side of the Hot Springs Mountain, and the
actual quantity is not known; thai which
is under control and hoing used to supply
*he bath houses amounts to about 600.000
gallons daiiy. and the amount collected
osd passed through the impounding res
ervoir about 350.000, making a total quan
tity of hot water under control of about
.SO'.OOO gallons daily. The Hot Springs are
not only under Government control, . ut
are directly managed by the United
States Government, which has an Invest
ment in them in excess if $500,000 As
shown by tho last published Treasury re
port' the total receipts from bathhouses
and hot water rent at the hot springs for
the fiscal year ended July 1, 1898. was
515. 171. The disbursements by the super
intendent for salaries, superintendence,
repairs, fuel, light and water fcold) were
$12 388. This represented a profit to the
I'nited States of $0000.
A large number of patrons of the **ot
springs are indigent persons who. unable
to pay the ordinary hotel charges or to
avail "themselves of tho paid bathing op
portunities, are supplied free. There is,
moreover, a free disoensary under direc
tion of a United States army surgeon.
The tota! number of patrons Is about 6000
a da. though the facilities of the Hot
Springs allow, as at pros.nt arranged, for
«000. .."The resident population of Hot
Springs is about ROOO and the average
;iumh»r of persons in town patronizing
the seventy hot water springs Is about
7'"'oo additional.
The hotol bathhouses in Hot Springs re
not run by the Government directly; but
are sublet to individual proprietors, and
the rair.e course is adopted with the
"oaths not connected with hotels, the pol
irv f.f th* Government being to operate
so far as practicable tho hot springs
wiihout I'JSr- and without any large profit
By act of Congress passed in Ootober.
IS£s SSI 000 v.as appropriated for providing
a system of reservoirs, piping and pumps
necessary to tho collection and economical
f'ist'ibut'iof of hot water from the hot
springs Pursuant to this authority, con
tracts for tho work were let. All bath
houses on tin reservation are supplied by
„THvity, anc' those off the reservation,
w.,ero not suoplied by gravity, are re
quired to pump the hot water from the
impounding reservoir at their own ex
pose.--. " . >: .
It is '« imposed popularly that many of
the "outside venture?" of T'ncle Sam ar.
OIL STOCK
WILL MAKE YOUR
FORTUNE
IF YOU'LL ONLY LET IT.
Two new wells were struck last week right
in the same belt our 2000 acres are located,
each well flowing eve: a thousand barrels
daiiy,
YOU WILL WAKE UP
Some morning and find our stock has gone
up into the hundreds, and perhaps thousands.
A few shares purchased while it is
STILL AT $3.00
Will make you rich the moment we strike oil.
Pr cc goes up to $3 50 per share August 1.
Pcstively no order fil ed at $3 after July 31.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
Parrott Building, Pan Francisco.
PROSPECTUS FREF
unprofitable, but the fact is that he
makes a considerable profit on some of
thorn— M.70 000 a year on the Patent Of
fice. $5,500,000 from the operations of the
Mint, and a considerable sum from the
sale and lease of public lands.
COLONEL OWEN SUMMERS, the Gallant Leader of the
Oregon From the First Photograph Taken of Him
Since His Return From the Seat of War.
COURT NOTES.
j Eva Rea, the housekeeper who was
caught stealing articles 'in the Emporium
1 Friday afternoon, was yesterday sent to j
j the County Jail for three months by Judge]
Treadwell:
W. S. Robinson, a • akthief. who stole ;
I a number of tools from a restaurant at j
24 Jackson street, was yesterday sent to
the County Jail fur three months by Judge '
Treadwell.
John McDermott and Anna Hansen, two
repulsive-looking "dope (lends," were sen
| tenced by Judge Treadwell yesterday to
Six months each in the County Jail. They 1
I are both physical wrecks although com- I
1 paratively young.
Frank Beale. alia? Page, a noted burg- !
lar, was yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan In
• $5000 bonds on the charge of burglary for
'■ breaking into the resident of Mrs. o'Neil, '
I 19 Scott street, on March 31.
Anthony McGlnty, a street orator, had a '
1 charge of disturbing the peace placed 1
! against him at Sixth and Market streets
I dismissed by Judge Treadwell Friday, and !
! yesterday he appeared before Judge Mo
i gan on a similar charge, having been ar- ;
: rested Friday night at Third and Market .
1 streets. He demanded a trial by Jury, and '
i the case was set for July 26.
George Reid. one of a sang of pickpock- 1
ets, was yesterday sentenced to three
months in the County Jail for vagrancy j
by Judge Mogan. He was a companion of i
"Kid" Young and Frank Maguire.
Lawrence Forester, the nine-year-old
I boy who. with James McDermott. another !
1 boy, robbed a poor-box at the depot. Third ;
and Townsend streets, on Thursday, was j
I yesterday convicted of petty larceny by
! Judge Mogan, and will be disposed of to- j
j morrow. Dr. J. F. Dillon sent a certifi- i
cate to the Judge that the boy was not !
i mentally sound, but the Judge thought he I
! was sane enough to know now to steal.
I This was his third offense. McDermott
i has not yet been arrested :- j
j iii; KAN _fc HA _N CISCO CALL, Lis DAY, JULY 23, IM)!).
CALIFORNIANS
AGAIN CALLED
TO THE FIELD
Thirty- Fifth Infantry
Is Recruiting.
— -• —
ALL FROM PACIFIC COAST
— * —
DEPARTMENT IS SEARCHING
FOR MANY HORSES.
■ ♦ ■
Several Thousand Will Be Shipped to
the Philippines lndiana's 111
Are Removed to the
Hospital.
Orders have gone forth from the War
! Department at Washington directing that
I the Thirty-fifth Infantry, now being or
ganized by Lieutenant Colonel E. H.
; Plummer. shall be recruited from the ter
j ritory Included in the military depart
\ ments of California and the Columbia,
Young men who were born and raised
; within the shadow of the bear flag and
those who come from the land to which
I Colonel Owen Summers, leader of the
I Oregonians, is returning will stand side
' by side in the line of battle when the
I rains in the tropics again cease and tha
I bugle sounds the charge. Through hero
ism displayed in battle by the boys from
: the Pacific Coast, their good judgment
| and ability' the department has come to
! look upon them as the flower of the army
and more, many more, are wanted, It
! was expected that when the call was
made to recruit the Thirty-fifth that Cali
fornia would respond and alone sign the
required number. Out of 1309 men re
quired, however, only about fifty have en
listed from this State. Owing to the slow
ness manifested by Californians recruit
ing stations will soon be opened, it is
: said, ln all the average cities of the State.
Five hundred for the fighting line are ex
pected from San Francisco. As yet they
have not materialized.
Besides the occupation of recruiting the
j department is busy attending to other
I matters which must be completed prior
to the opening of the campaign when the
roads of Luzon are again passable The I
labor of gathering together several thou
sand horses is at present under way. j
Lieutenant Colonel Randolph. Third Ar
tillery, accompanied by Dr. Creely; ti.e !
'. ■!■ ♦4. ♦ ■!* ♦ * '1* *4* •*•*!* ♦ ■!* • »!' *4* ♦ *I* • *fr ♦4* -♦ -I* ♦4* ♦ 'I* ♦ *1* ♦ 'I* * 'I' * ♦ '1* * * *I* * *
...NOTICE...
We hare only scld SOME of our lines io Weinstock. Lubin & Co. In future we
will handle LADIES FURNISHING GOODS exclusively, such as UNDERWEAR,
HOSIERY. GLOVES, CORSETS. HANDKERCHIEFS. NECKWEAR. .KIRTS. WAISTS
and SUITS. AH the stocks and departments will be greatly enlarged; in fact, we
will hare one of ihe finest LADIES' CLOTHING STORES in the city.
SPECIAL SILK WAISTS,
Come in Plaids, Stripes, Black and Solid Colored Taffetas: all latest shades
and new cbmbinat : ons; all this season's styles; worth up to $7.50; f>n „_
Monday and Tuesday only 00.00
Special Shirt Waists, i Special Underskirts.
For Monday and Tuesday only we make 1 Made of nears Ik. Come in grays, helio-
big reductions. $1 25 Shirt Waists 75e ; trope and cerise, with polka dots, cut
$1.75-$2 Shirt Waists $1 .25 ; wide ; 2 ruff es and finished seams ; worth
$2.25-$2.50 Shirt Waists $1.50. {$2.25. Monday and Tuesday only, 95c.
16-18-20 GRANT AVENUE, Bet. Market and Geary.
[. » 4. + +4.+-4.+-4.-» 4. 4. » 4**- 4- •■ 4> ♦ * -»4*»4- »■_«♦ 4- ♦ 4* ♦4- ♦ '•!• ♦ *-* * *.' A .* j' * •*• *,'•
I veterinary surgeon, left for Oregon last
I night for the purpose of purchasing some
I hundred head of horses for use in the
! Philippine campaign. Carloads of horses
will soon begin to arrive from the East
; also. As there is but room at the Presidio
! to stable some 1000 horses the work of
transporting them must begin soon after
the first arrivals.
The results of the late war on the
I health of the soldiers are just beginning
Ito be felt at home. Eleven men from the
Indiana, incapacitated through illness,
have been removed to the hospital at the
Presidio and arrangements have been
! made to send two insane men to the
i Government Hospital for Insane Soldiers
lat Washington. y ,
Several men. among them being three
; privates of the Third Artillery, four of
the Tenth Pennsylvania and one of the
First Colorado came in on the Indiana,
having been authorized by General Otis
! to receive their discharge here. The num
ber of men who will thus arrive for mus
tering out will soon increase, although
the men prefer to leave the service at
Manila. By so doing they become en
' riched to the extent of about $500 travel
pay but as the Government chooses to be
as economical as possible the majority of
men will first be transported to the United
' States and then discharged. The matter
of the home-coming of soldiers is at pres
ent receiving less attention from the de
partment than the shipping of men to the
seat of war and hence but little is said
of the straggling arrivals from Manila.
The appointment of . Captain James
Lockett. Fourth Cavalry, to the office of
colonel of the cavalry regiment now or
ganizing at Manila has caused many ex
pressions of satisfaction among the blue
coats at the Presidio. The officer is well
and favorably known here, he having been
! stationed at the Presidio for some time
| prior to taking the field against the Fili
i pinos. -' . , .
The following orders were issued from
I department headquarters yesterday:
Acting Assistant Surgeons John J. Gllhuley,
■ from Bridgeport, Conn . Guy G Bailey. Mack
i mac Island, Mich.. Captain Walter L. Finley
' and Veterlnay Surgeon Alexander Macdonald.
i Ninth Cavalry, are ordered to the Department
! of California to assist in the purchase of cav
i airy horses for troops in the Philippines.
i Second Lieutenants James F. Howell and C.
I Stuart Patterson Jr.. Sixth Artillery, are de
-1 tal'ed as members of the general court-mar
i tial Instituted by paragraph 7. Special Orders
! No. 85, current series, from these headquar
i ters.
I Acting Assistant Surgeon Joseph F. Chmell
'■ cek US. A.. is assigned to and will report
! for duty at the United State- General Hospital,
' Presidio of Pan Francisco. <^al.
j Acting Assistant Surgeon Frederick C.
' Weaver l . S. A., is assigned to duty at the
I camp of recruits. Presidio of San Francisco,
i Cal.. and will report to the commanding officer
! of that post accordingly.
| Hospital Steward Samuel H. Leopold, tf. S.
i.\ will report to the commanding officer,
' United States General Hospital, Presidio of
| San Francisco, Cal., for duty.
ART IN VARIETY
ON VIEW
AT THE ORPHEUM
£— EE most obstinate believer in the *
■'Wise Guy" class of entertainment;
must, after seeing th*- travesty on
jt 'Ingomar" given by Hayes and Lyt- j
ton at the Orpheum, be convinced
that there is a clever way of being
funny and yet keeping within the ken i
of the multitude. Whoever is respon- j
sible for that travesty Is an artist.
and deserves to be told so. 'I- lifts
us to the highest flights of the romantic
and legitimate and drops us without a
scruple into the puddle of the choicest
slang, from which we emerge laugaing
and good-natured, ready for a higher
flight and a longer fall. .Mr. Hayes hav
ing been schooled In the legitimate is just
the one to give the travesty its full hu
morous value, and his inamorita has no]
excuse for calling him a "spoiler of good
parts." Th*' cakewalk exit, which they
have the good taste not to repeat on de
mand, is a situation not to be bettered
Time was when the loss of a limb wad
an ever-to-be regretted accident, but me i
Browns would tain convince us thai i
leg is an insignificant unit obstructing th 3 |
wav to vaudeville fame, and if you ara j
wise enough to lose a left while your j
neighbor loses a right you have but to
shako hands and may; jump and dance
yourselves Into a fortune. At first they j
are pathetic figures, but they seem so
happy in Cheli infirmity that they saon
make us feel we are wasting our sym
pathy. Kilpatrick and Barber, in their j
wonderful trick bicycling act. are the
perfection of grace, agility and daring I
athletic strength. Such bicycle possibili- j
ties the uninitiated would never dream
of. George Wilson has the gift of obser
vation and turns it to good account in
his monologue, telling us the funny things j
that pass unnoticed under our very noses.
1* takes a mighty clever audience to ap- j
preciate some of his jokes, and the fact
that a few of the best are lost in silence.
Is no proof that they are not immensely
clever. His political jumble of fact and
fancy ami beautiful sarcasm, if used to
stump the country, might i.*- a powerful
democratic weapon.
The Pasqualis are not happy in "Caval- !
leria." The duo loses its meaning when
separated from the score, and the spirit
of the thing is missing. Although the j
prayer compensates in a measure for
what the rest lacks, their "Cavalleria"
will never make us forget their "Faust."
Houdini is inexplicable. We might ac- .
cuse him in our own minds of trickery,
but we are forced to acquit him for lack
of evidence. He is the king of handcuffs
and the prince of hoodwinkers.
Minnie Palmer, the Rixfords and the j
tragic comedians complete an excellent
programme. This week many new at
tractions are promised.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
. ♦ .
Pear Madam: "Pegamoid" rays come!
You're welcome. Chronicle building, No. 61.
__ , •-»-•
Precita Valley Club's Officers. I
At a meeting of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club last night the following
officers were elected for the ensuing year:
J. B. Vlzzard. president: John T. Graham,
vice president Henry Voting, secretary;
William McCarthy, treasurer, and k_d- I
ward I >*■-. lit sergeant at arms. In addi
tion to extensive improvements which are
going on through the valley in the shapo
of new buildings the contract has been
signed for the grading and filling in of
Bernal Park. The Bryant street sewer ;
will soon be completed to Army street,
thus abating an old nuisance. The ex
penditure of $70*10 Is about to lie made :
on the building of a school connected with
the German Catholic Church at Army and
Folsom streets.
A beautiful new Gibson Piano for $185 at
Mauvais', 769 Market street. •
Troops for the Philippines.
The first train of the four bearing the
Nineteenth Infantry to this city from Fort
Meade, en route to Manila, arrived at
the Oakland mole at 2 o'clock this morn
ing. The other. trains are following the
llrst as closely "as ip compatible with
safety. When they all arrive Uncle Sam
will have thirty-four officers and 978 more
soldiers In San Francisco awaiting trans
portation to the Philippines.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
KIDNEY TROUBLE.
The Most Prevalent. Dangerous and
Deceptive Disease.
Thousands Have It and Don't Know It.
|
Pains and aches come from excess of
uric acid In the blood, dae to neglected
kidney trouble Kidney trouble causes
quick or unsteady heart beats, and
i makes one feel as though they had
' heart trouble, because the heart is
! overworking t> pump the thick, kid-
ney-poisoned blood through the veins
' and arteries.
Soreness or uncomfortable feeling in
| the back irc.icates kidney trouble of no
j small importance.
The passing of scanty or profuse
quantities of urine is a warning of kid-
! ney trouble. If you want to feel well
: you can make no mistake by first doc-
I toring your kidneys.
The famous new discovery. Dr. Kil-
' mer's Swamp-Root. Is the true specific
for kidney, bladder and urinary trou-
bles. It has cured thousands of appar-
; ently ho. eless ca»es alter all other ef-
i forts have failed.
Sold on its merits by all druggists in
: 50-cent and ?1 sizes. A sample bottle
\ sent free by mail to any address. Also
i a book tolling all about Swamp-Root
i and its wonderful cures. >*hen writing
; address )r. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton,
' N. V., and mention that -ou read this
generous offer in the San Francisco
Sunday Call.
AMUSEMENTS.
_r^_f%__ H 3 t&M E® 0_& ***
COLUMBIA^
BDw' tt Hfc H___9____k Hiv «&
BEGINNING MONDAY.
WEEK ONE ONLY.
Charles Frohman Presents MR.
HENRY
MTT T VJ>
__■___ _H_______l .___TW ___BB^D .IWI
— AND-
A SPECIAL COMPANY
IH A BDPER3 REVIVAL 0? THE RO-
MANTIC COMEDY,
ci a ___» ___ _S_f_. — __Pk tSBi £3 __K_ iT"
By Charles Klein and J. I. C. Clark.
HENRY MILLER AS ERIC TEMPLE.
AS PRESENTED WITH GREAT SUCCESS AT THE
§ BALDWIN LAST YEAR.
SCENERY, COSTLMFS AND EFFECTS
ADEQUATE IN EVERY RESPECT.
j A CAST OF UNPARALLELED STRENGTH !
—
NEXT PRODUCTION-" HAMLET."
TIVOLI | TI/V\E OF"
OPERA BLUE BEARQ
HOUSE TO-NIGHT.
NEXT WEEK ,
Every evening and Saturday matinee.
A Sumptuous Production of The Greatest of
Comic Operas
EDWIN STEVE S in hi» FiTorite Ro!» of
WANJ, 'ia.. ..-.GENT 07 SUM.
(His laft appearance here)
You Must S c THE ELEPHANT !
And Hear, "Ask of the Man in the Moon!"
Don't Miss "A Pretty Girl, a Summer Girl I"
Listen to th Song, "Baby, Baby, Dance,
My Baby!'
Lenl en Ear to "An Elephant on His Hands!"
Gargeiuß Siamese Coetum s :nl Scccry I
Ectir. CoicpinT »nd Enlarge! Orchostra for "WANG"
EXTRA— MONDAY, July 31. Opening of The
GRAND OPERA SEASON. Famous Lyric
Artists: I'Ull Chorus an.l Orchestra, etc.
WATCH FCR PARTICULARS*.!!
POPUL ■■•-< PRIC tt— 4 25 c ond 50c.
Our Telephone Rush £>.
ALCAZAR™
LAST PERFORMANCE OF
"NEW MAGDALEN" TO-NIGHT.
WEEK OE JUL V 24,
FAREWELL !
Ir. Lewis Morrison
Bids Farewell to Pan Francisco in a Spectacu-
lar Production of
FAUST!
Last Appearance on Any Stage of Mr. Mor-
rison as
MEPHISTO.
15c, 25e, „^^ s 35c, 50c.
PATRONS' TELEPHONE MA 254
. "" ,—
CHUTES AND ZOO
NOW ON FREE EXHIBITION!
THE ONLY
Orangoutang
NOV.' ALIVE IN THIS COUNTRY.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SOUVENIR FOR THE CHILDREN TO-DAY.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, s<\
THE WEEKLY CALL. 16 PAGES. OEY $1 PER YEAR
___ ADVERTISEMENTS^^ "" ,_*__»__».,____
~m**^^******************A *********** ********* ***•■
* J
jCITYOFjjj|| PARIS|
* DRY GOODS COMPANY. *
* ■ . . *■
I LACE CURTAINS J
I AND PORTIERES. j
I SPECIAL REDUCTION OF BROKEN LINES. J
IJ ; J
J Line I— IRISH POINT CURTAINS, in rich, attractive designs, regular Clfi.OO J
J prices $13.50 and $15. SALE PRiCE (pair) OIU *■
J Line 2— HANDSOME FRENCH LACE CURTAINS, a limited line, former 0R.50 *
* prices $8.50 and $9. SALE PRIGE O J J
* Line 3— IRISH POINT AND BATTENBERG CURTAINS, regularly sold 07.50 J
J at $10 and $11. SALE PRICE ■...,:■. Ol +
{ Line 4— NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS,, in Renaissance and Brussels 01.75 *
-X effects, formerly sold at $2 and $2.25. SALE PRICE. 01 *
* Line S— HEAVY DERBY SATIN PORTIERES, full line of colors, valued 0^.50 *
* at $5.50 and $5.75- SALE PRICE O*T J
* Line 6— HANDSOME SATIN-FACED TAPESTRY PORTIERES, regular 00.50 J
t $4.75 and $5.50. SALE PRICE Ow- — +
I *
£ A MIDSUMMER SAVING OPPORTUNITY. 34.
* . ■_.
x-
It CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, J
'•'• " _t-
* S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. San Franoisoo. J
_£ UNION SQUARE. *-
* MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. J
E***************»^^M^****A^*¥***»¥A^*¥¥¥-********»*-»***H
AMUSEMENTS.
je&e^ -. SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
jfifelr ____?__P'^wr\Q ___. % V A IVTQ ____. _f"*T* I "^T
WEEK COMMENCING W SUNDAY MATINEE, July 23
THE SHOW OF ALL SHOWS ! ' FUN. FROLIC AND FAFALLA ! '
LAURA JOYCE BELL
THE WORLD-RENOWNED COMEDIENNE. ASSISTED BY H. GETTUS LONSDALE AND
COMPANY. PRESENTING THE DAINTY ENGLISH COMEDIETTA.
"WIG AND GOWN."
THE LONDON SENSATION "*"
....LA EAEALLA....
Introducing the Latest Spectacular Dance. "THE LOTUS FLOWER"-A Moonlight Dream
FIRST APPEARANCE ON THE COAST OF
ELIZABETH I\*dIXJPLPIA.^r
SWEET VOICED SONGSTRESS AND QUEEN OF MIMICRY.
Direct From Europe J Their Initial Bow
.....THE PHOiTES... ..THE ELDRIDGES..
SeVen pa« e o^r^P. FLAP K,^P.' nE;na VpASTJ M ASTERS^OF COLORED COMEDY.
KILPATRICH AND BARBER
SCIENTIFIC BICYCLISTS WITHOUT EQUAL.
MINNIE PALMER GEORGE WILSON
In New Specialties. ' J Prince of Black -Face Comedy.
LIES browns
ONE-LEGGED ACROBATS AND INSTRUMENTALISTS.
__..,,_...■•-_• w. icn \/ nnj Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JULY 23d. **>% a,»_ m «*.w»^
CALIFORNIA THEATER™^"
.. .._ „..,-. - Dlr r, I THE RECORD-BREAKING
THEY HAVE CAPTLRED 1 I _.„...„_,, CONTINUES
THE WHOLE TOWN! I That Charming Actress. I BL SIN ESS CONTINLE.
MISS BLANCHE BATES |
I ■ AND THE SPLENDID SUPPORTING CAST. {
1 Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY. Last Performance* of I i
I "THE -PA.nSTOIIsrC3- CrUR-H---" I
' .i »■■ " 1 THIS /SUNDAY' NIGHT, i
1
An , i^o^tpr^o- MONDAY NIGHT, July 24, ' R o™e^™? mt
tun! Uomincnc.ng "
"Madame Sans Gene"
MR. AUGUSTUS COOK, In His Original Creation of NAPOLEON. AND A GREAT CAST.
New Scenery. New and Magnificent Costumes, New State Effects.
RESERVED SEATS. 2%c. s"c. Toe and $1. MATINEE, 25c. 60c and 77c
NEXT PRODUCTION Grand Revival of "Q^E OF OUR GIRLS'
Bronsou Howard's Best Comedy Drama. vn^ v ' _ _.
'GRAND OP A O V S
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.). Lessee.
LAST NIGHT,
"OLIVETTE."
TO-MORROW EVENING
Superb Revival of Gounod" Opera,
FAUST!
(IN ENGLISH.)
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. x ' and 50c.
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved, -'■■
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved, 15c.
° Sa I T?NEE SATURDAY.
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can
be purchased for 25e. Family Circle, loc.
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy St.. Cor. Mns-»-i.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
GREAT NEW ATTRACTIONS from the East.
CHANDLER and McPHERSON
Operatic Duo.
MINERVA,
Queen of Burlesque.
SEYMOUR BROS.,
Acrobats.
Last Appearance To-night of
QUERiTA VINCENT.
MONSTER FAREWELL NIGHT.
TWELVE STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE MATINEE SUNDAY.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. JULY 23. AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, se.
Bathing, Including Admission. 25c; Children. 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July 22 and 23.
RECORD BREAKING EVENTS.
POPPY AND RESERVE STAKES!
NOMINATIONS—
$1220- TOTAL PRIZE MONEY- $1220
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets Saturday,
9:15 a. m. and 12:55 p m. : Sunday. 10:15 a. m.
II a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
from Park Immediately after last course. Ex-
tra train from Park on Sunday, at 4:45 p. m.
San Mateo Electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. Ladies Free
GLEN PARK.
...THIS SUNDAY, JULY 23...
IN FREE THEATER.
FLEMIN AND WARD,
In a Laughable Sketch.
THE MODERN GIANTS,
THE MORRISES. IN FEATS OF STRENGTH.
LA JESS and CUNNINGHAM
The Contortionists
MAE COLBURN. Singing Soubrette.
AMATEUR DAY!
Singing, Dancing. Recitations, all by amateurs.
ADMISSION 10c.
Rattle Those wen ther*
MJCM. UI»»V Those who were there
,7jj7 -; aay the Panorama ls a
/\Y correct representation.
111 Lectures hy Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
__,_ __-__ __, 2 I __, -*. noons and evenings.
Ni anl l a Market St., «. Eighth.
Admission, 56c.
Ro v t Children. 26c.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renc ated. KING. WARD Sc
CO European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 60 day;
15 to W week; $i> to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grate* In every
room; elevator runs all nlgX
78
a aaaaaaaaaaaaaa a a &■&& a a a a a a aaa
« Juocais VJq feat the Oaklands. »
0 0
° jCeashmon jfcavo a Sreat Bay 2
0 J &
a a »aaaaaaaa aaaa a a a a aa a a *. aaaaaa aaa a a ao
LOCALS WALLOP
THE DUDES IN
A FAST GAME
Oakland Was Not
Able to Score.
— * — -
HOME TEAM MAKES SIX RUNS.
— ♦ —
IBERG PITCHES NINE INNINGS
OF GOOD BALL.
» . '
Few Hits Off th© Local Twirl er and
Some Pretty Fielding Charac
terize the San Francisco-
Oakland Game.
San Francisco 6, Oakland 0.
The suburban Dudes tore up the Recre
ation Park diamond yesterday ln a vain
endeavor to score. Six times the gong
sounded for the local team; the Dudes
returned home without the memory of a
ring.
Good ball marked the entire game yes
terday. There were few errors on either
side and close, fast work was ln order
from beginning to end. Iberg pitched ex
cellent ball, only five scattered hits being
secured off his delivery. Moskiman was
not so good. Nine hits were registered
against him. and they were productive,
with the assistance of an occasional er
ror, of a half-dozen runs. But for an ex
ceptional error the local stiek-wielders'
fielding work -would have been perfect.
Fine base-throwing and quick, snappy
play satisfied the enthusiasts ln the
bleachers,, and the local following exer
cised lungs and throats on every occa
sion.
Neither side was able to score in the
flrst three innings. In the beginning of
the fourth a Moskiman shell found a tar
get In the small of Muller's back, which
sent the latter capering nimbly to the
initial bag. Krug. the smasher, rapped
out a double and Muller coursed the bags
for the first run of the day. Krug made
third by a jugglery of his long fly. When
Sullivan drove a long, high sky-stabber
to left field, which was th*' death of him.
Krug beat the bail in from third, thereby
adding another line in the score column.
In the fifth Fitzpatrick went to first
a-walking, found second on a passed ball
and chased around third bag to the haven
when Hilderbrandt let drive to deep cen
ter for a single. Riley and Sullivan
crossed the rubber in the sixth. Sullivan
found himself twisted up with another
of Moskii - spirals and he wen: to
first limping. Then Riley banged the
spherlod which would not allow its career
to be suddenly ended by Lange' s envelop
ing fists, and the fumble gave Riley a
safe position on top of first base. Sulli
van, who had stolen second, then went to
third. Swindells was next to shake the
stick, and the ball cut over third, forcing
Sullivan and Riley over the platc^berg
scored in the seventh, after which there
was no further tallying. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Hilderbrandt, c. f... 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
Muller. 1. f 4 12 0 10 1
KruK. 6. s 5 12 0 17 1
Sullivan. 1 b 3 1 0 X 19 1 0
Rllev. 3 b 4 10 12 7 0
Swindells, c 5 ft 2 0 12 0
Fitzpatrick, r. f 3 1 1 ft 1 0 ft
O'Neii. 2 b 4 0 10 12 0
Iberg. P 3 1 0 ° j> J °
Totals 36 fi 5 2 27 21 2
.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
P»ep!*=s 2 b 4 0 10 13 0
Hammond, c 4 ft 0 0 10 0
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 0 ft 9 ft 0
Hardie. if 4 0 10 2 10
Dunleavy. 1. f 4 0 2 "4> 4 0 0
Lanze. 7* b 3 0 0 0 8 12
Schmeer. b. a 3 0 0' ft 1 4 3
Donovan, c. f 3 ft 0 0 6 0 0
Moskiman. p 3 0 10 0 3 0
Totals 7.2 bS 1 bi 27 ii 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pan Francisco 0 0 0 2 12 10 0-6
Base hits 1 0 0 11113 1-9
Oakland 0 0000000 0-0
Base hits 1 10 0 0 0 0 12-5
._._.__, _. .-. .-
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for Mosklman, 4. Two-base
hits Krug Hilderbrandt, Swindells. Mo«.ki
man Sacrifice hit— Lange. First base on errors
-San Francisco, 4: Oakland. 2. First base on
railed balls— San Francis 3. Left on bases-
Fan Francisco, 9; Oakland. 6. Struck out—
ibers 2: by Moskiman. 1. Hit by pitcher—
ler Sullivan.' Double plays Hardie to Hutch
inson: Schmeer to Peeples to Hutchinson.
passed ball— Hammond. Time of game— l:4o.
Empire— John P. Cahill. Official scorer-.!. W.
Stapleton.
- ••■
LOBSTERS PI SENATORS j
The Heavy Batting of Santa j
Cruz Too Much For
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— continuous
heave batting Santa Cruz wrested to
day's game from Sacramento. Both Har
vey and Balsz were hit hard. The for
mer, at the end of the fifth Inning, having
been touched for thirteen safe hits, was
retired in favor of Doyle. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. F.
UcLauphlln l.t 4 0 0 1110
U..rvcv r. f. & P... 5 1 3 0 S 1 0
"'Connor. 1 b 5 0 2 1 8 1 0
Doyle, p. &r. f..... 5 0 10 0 0 0
Stanley, c s 5 2 3 0 ,0  1 0
Shanahan. c. f 6 1 bl. 0,, 8 0 0
S.ulz •> 1* 5 12 0 2 5 1
sheeban.:3.b i 12 _0 _2 _0 _2
Totals « 1 ■« 1 m:--. 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. 3 b 5 1 2 0 4 1 1
p ace c 6 0 0 0 10 3
if r .-:<. 1. f 5 110 2 0 0
Claris. lb 5 13 0 8 0 0
_ mi »,*** ___,_, s9in*»^r,
1 rennan. c. f 5 2 10 0 2 0
Haynes. r f 5 12 0 10 0
._rell."*r.es. 2 b 4 2 2 0 14 0
Klelber. ■ ■ * 1 3 0 1 5 0
Balsz. p _< _0 2 JO °_ J 0
Totals « ? 11 0 27 14 4
•Klelber out for not touching first base.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
brr.mento 0 0060000 2— -
Base hits 2 12 7 0 110 3—17
BaVta Cruz " I 1 1 4 2 0 0 •— 8
!S hits::: 3234202 •-_*
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for- Harvey, 6: Ralsz. 7.
Horn" run— Devereaux. Two-base hits— Dever-
MUiX Balsz First base on errors— Sacramento,
1- Sa'ntn Cruz. 1. First base on balls— Off Har
der 1- off Balsz. 1. Left on bases— Sacramento,
10- 'Santa Cruz, 11. Struck out— By Harvey, 1;
by Doyle 1: by Balsz, 1. Hit by pit her- Kiel
ber Passed ball— Stanley. Time of game— 2:ls.
Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer— Griffin.
San Jose Crushes Sugar Beets.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— local ball team
defeated the Watsonvilles here to-day in
a. very one-sided game, the score being 10
to 2. The home boys fairly outplayed the
Watsonvilles at ever? »olnt and succeeded
in touching up Pitcher Whelan for sixteen
hits, while only six -were secured off
Borchers. The Sugar Beets would have
been shut out had it not been for a wild
throw by ODea when the visitors had two
men on bases. Jack Huston, the new
third baseman, played a good game.
Score :
SAN JOSE.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGueken, c. t C 2 4 1 2 0 0
Huston, .71. 6 12 110 0
Braham. r. f 2 3 14 10 0
Anderson, 2b •' 0 10 12 0
Dalrymple. 1. f 4 12 2 2 0 0
Hanlon. lb 5 1 2 1 13 1 0
j'Dea. ?. <5 5 12 0 3 3 1
Borchers, p ? 0 0 0 1 2 0
Sent, c » 1 2. — — _* —
Totals « 10 1« 10 27 10 1
WATSONVILL.E.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 3b 4 13 0 0 11
McCarthy, «*. s 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Courtney, c. f 3 1 0 0 2 0 0
Croll, r. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Selna, lb 3 0 10 7 0 0
Morrow, c 3 0 1 0 10 1 1
Billings. 2b 3 10 0 2 0 0
Hayes, 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 1
Whelan, p 3 0 0 0 0 .2 1
Totals 21 1 1 1 « ■ 1 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 00300502 o—lo
Base hit? 1 0 3 115 12 2—lß
Watsonvllle 0 0000000 2—2
Base hits 1 1110100 I—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for -Whelan 6.- Three-base
hit— Brockhoff Two-base hit— McGueken. Sac
rifice hits— McCarthy. Bttrchers. First"'bas( on
called balls— Ban Jose 7. Watsonvllle 2. Struck
nut— By Whelan 8, by Borchers 3. Left on
bases San Jose 12, Watsonville 3. Double
plays — Hanlon to Kent; McCarthy to Selna.
Time of game— l:so. Umpire— Levy. Scorer-
Waldorf.
COLONELS OUTPLAY
THE BROOKLYN TEAM
Catching of Caiifornian Chance tho
Feature of a Game Lost by
_::....... Chicago.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....55 26 .679 Cincinnati ..3S 40 .490
Boston 59 SO .6.5 Pittsburg ...39 41 .488
Philadelphia 48 31 .608 New Y0rk. ..33 42 .17.
St. Louis 45 33 .570 Louisville ...33 46 .418
Chicago 44 33 .571 Washington 30 53 .361
Baltimore ...44 34 .564 Cleveland ...15 67 .133
CHICAGO, July 22— The Orioles defeated
Chicago to-day in a close hut listless game.
Griffith hit two men at the start, one of them
scoring on a double. 'lagoon played a brilliant
GEO. CROCKER cup
FOR GOLFERS
PRIZE CUPS FOR THE WEEK OF SPORT AT MONTEREY.
p— SHE arrangements for the annual meeting of the Pacific Coast Pony and Steeplechase Racing Association at Monterey
\\ are rapidly assuming form under the direction of Major J. L. Rathbone. president of the association. The devotees
of all high-class sports of tne field will flnd much to Interest them in the old State capital during the last week
I of August. Shreve & Co., the silversmiths, are at work on the various trophies. They will all be from original de
signs, executed by the most skillful artisans. The golfers, both men and women, have valuable trophies for which
to compete, George Crocker being the donor of one. There are four cups for the winning team at polo, while the baseball
players, pigeon shooters and horsemen have all been well provided for in the matter of trophies. #
short and Chance's catching was a feature.
Attendance, 9100. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chicago 1 5 3.
Baltimore 2 4 2
Batteries— Griffith and Chance; Howell and
Robinson. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
LOUISVILLE, July 22.— The Colonels out
played the Brooklyns at every point. Th"
feature of the game was the batting end field
ing of KeUey, the Colonels' new first baseman.
Attendance, "3500. Score:
Clubs- R- H - E
Louisville 9 11 1
Brooklyn 2 8 2
Flatteries— Cunningham and Zimmer: Mo-
James. Yeager and McGuire. Umpires—
and Connolly.
PITTSBURG, July 22.— Piatt was so easy that
Pittsburg's victory was almost a farce. Beau
mont made a record for the season. In six
times at bat he made six hits, none going out
of the diamond, and scored six runs, It errors
had not been made behind Tanneliill the score
would have been 18 to 0. Attendance, 3800.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Pittsburg IS 13 *
Philadelphia 4 11 7
Batteries— and Schriver; PJatt and
Douglass. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
CINCINNATI. July 22.— Selbach's misjudge of
Duffy's fly gave the Champions to-day's game
in the tenth. A poor decision by Smith in the
third inning gave Boston two runs. The game
was most exciting. Attendance, 4500. Score:
Clubs- - R- H. E.
Cincinnati 4 8 1
Boston •' v - 1
Batteries— and "Wood; Lewis and
Clarke. Umpires — Manassau and Smith.
NOVEL HIDE
Of Twenty-five Hundred Miles, Using
Thirty-six Hundred Horses.
"The most novel ride I ever experi
enced." said Count Cassinl, Russian Am
bassador to the United States, at the
Waldorf-Astoria last night, "was a jour
ney of about 2500 miles through Mon
golia, In October and November, 1897, just
after I closed my term as Ambassador at
Peking. I had decided to travel overland
through China and Russia to St. Peters
burg, a distance of 8.000 or 10,000 miles.
Two thousand live hundred miles of this
was through Mongolia, and the Chinese
officials planned my journey. They pro
vided sixty horses, and at each changing
point they had sixty horses, mating in all
§600 for my personal use. At the end of
each portion of the route elaborate prep
arations were made for my entertain
ment.- The roads of Mongolia are excel
lent, and we made remarkably quick time
to the. Russian frontier. My hardest ex
perience was in crossing the River Obi, one
of the greatest rivers of Siberia. The
thermometer marked 50 degrees below
zero, and the river was full of floating ice.
I ghudder yet at the thought of that river
trip. I don't know how we ever got
across, for I thought I should die with the
cold. I afterward learned that October
and November were the worst months in
the year to make such a trip."— New York
Tribune. t 1 -77 .
—» ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALI., SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
Events in the World of Sport.
BEST HORSES
IN THE WEST
TO COMPETE
Entries for State Fair
Races.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— The speed
: committee of the State Agricultural So- !
ciety, comprising Directors Spreckels,
Coney, Henshaw and Barrett, met to-day
i and declared closed the pacing and trot- j
ting stakes. The entries include horses :
j from Honolulu. British Columbia, Wash- j
i lngton. Oregon, Missouri and Illinois. The
I entries are of such number and excellence !
j as to Insure one of the finest meetings j
j ever held in the West.
! A committee from the Citizens' State j
j Fair Club of this city informed the board ,
that it was endeavoring to interest ex-
I hibitors and the public in general in the j
I coming fair and that hearty responses
i had already been received. The commit
| tee stated that it had been assured by i
i the persons so far interviewed that they
i would do all in their power to advance the
| Interests of the fair.
{ The Retail Grocers' Association will j
i employ demonstrators to show the value *
BASEBALL^
of the various products to be exhibited by
It.
• The entertainment committee has ar
ranged for special attractions and various
organizations arr now rehearsing for the
events. The Sacramento Athletic Club,
the Caledonian Club and the Turn Verein
will participate. There will be a cake
walk during the first week of the fair and
negotiations have begun for performances
by Chinese to be brought here for that
purpose from Pan Francisco. There will
also be a "Day In the Orient" by Japan
ese. There will be a ladies' day, a chil
dren's day and a wedding day. It is pro
posed to have a rural couple married in
the Pavilion on the latter day. Efforts
will also be made for a baby show.
The race entries which were formally
closed and approved by the speed com
mittee to-day are as follows:
2:40 class, trotting, three in five, purse
51000— A. B. Spreckels' eh. m. Psyche, by
Cupid-Emma S; D. E. Knight's eh. m.
Lena A, by Lynwood-Elmorene; R. Ma
lone's b. g. Richard S. by Grover Clay by
Whippleton; F. E. Menchaca's blk. g. El
Moro, by Longworth by Anteo; Charles
Allen's b. g. Horseshoe Boy, by Reliance;
J. B. Iverson's b. h. Prince Neer, by En
gineer-Belle; P. Jessen's oh. g. Juan Chl
i co, by Bay Hum-Flora: J. Edge's b. g.
Hank", by Vasto by Wyoming Chief; F. D.
McGregor's b. m. Eleanor Ann, by Illus
trious-Black Bet; M. Salisbury's b. g.
Birdcateher, by Direct by Hock Hocking;
M. Salisbury's b. m. Lady. McDonald, by
Brigadier; L. Zimmerman's b. g. Mcßrier,
bj McKinney; Van de Vanter Stock
Farm's b. g. Tickets, by Conductor by
Charleston; \V. C. Belknap's b. m. Altena,
by Oneco by Alta; W. C. Trefry's hr. m.
Princess, by Tom Benton-Brown Jennie.
2:30 class, trotting, three in five, purse
$10*10 A. B. Spreckels' eh.' f. Psyche, by
Cupid-Emma S: D. E. Knight's b. g. Dos
Minutos. by Melvar-Elmorene; W, A.
Paine's b. g. Schlam. by Iris-Babe: R. Ma
lone's b. g. Richard S. by Grover Clay-
Belle; F. E. Menchaca's blk. g. El Moro,
by Longworth by Anteo; E. Donnelly's
eh. g. yuillasine, by Boidell by Tilton Al
mont; Charles Allen's b. g. Horseshoe
Boy, by Reliance; P. E. .lesson's eh. g.
Juan Chico, by Bay Rum-Flora; P. J.
Crowley's b. m. Lottie, by Cupid by Bis
marck: Mrs. A. C. Severance's br. g. Uncle
Sam, by James Madison-Betsy Trot
wood; Joseph Edge's b. g. Hank, by Vasto
by Wyoming Chief; Rosedale Stock
Farm's* b. m. Diana, by Daly by Alex
ander; M. Salisbury's b. g. Theron, by Al
bion by Ten Broeck; M. Salisbury's br. m.
Til* Timores, by Antimony by George. M.
Pat* hen Jr.; William Duncan's hr. h.
Kentucky Baron, by Baron Wilkes-Kate
Casey; L. Zimmerman's b. g. Mcßriar, by
McKinney; Van de Vanter Stock Farm's
b. g. Tickets, by Conductor by Charles
ton; W. C. Belknap's b. m. Altena, by
Oneco by Alta;' W. C. Trefry's br. m.
Princess, by Tom Benton-Brown Jennie.
2:26 class, trotting, three In five, purse
$1000— B. Spreckels' eh. f. Psyche, by
Cupid-Emma S. ; A. Brown's br. m. Lot
tie by San Diego by Whippleton; E. Don
nelly's eh. g. Quillasine, by Boidell by
Tilton Almont; J. Morhead's blk. m. Sibyl
S. by Hambletonian Wilkes by Carr's
Mambrlno; Elmer Mastin's br. m. Nora
S. by Sable Wllkes-Grace: P. J. Crow
ley's b. m. Lottie, by Cupid by Bismarck;
F D. McGregor's b. m. Eleanor Ann, by
Illustrious-Black Bet; Charles Neuman's
ro. m. Maud Neuraan, by Anteo Jr.; M.
Salisbury's b. f. Alex B, by Nutwood
Wllkes-Sister to Little Albert; M. Salis- |
bury's b. g. Birdcateher. by Direct by |
Hock Hocking; Joseph Pennington's eh. ,
g. Granville, by Silas Skinner-Bird; S. H. I
Hoy's br. g. McNalley, by McKinney by j
Alcazar. -bn\n
2:22 class, trotting, three in five, $1000— |
Dan Finn's br. h. Col. K. R., by Bay |
Rose-Addle E; D. E. Knight's eh. g. Ly
nail, by Lynmont-Bolance All; Walter i
I McAlpine's b. m. Dora Doe, by Don Low- !
I ell-Molly; Alex Brown's br. m. Lottie, by [
I San Diego by Whippleton; E. Cowell s b. m.
Central Girl, by Nutwood Wilkes-Maggie
1 C; D. R. Misner's bl. m. Ozalia. by Mam-,
1 brino Wilkes; John Morhead's bl. m.
Sibyl S, by Hambletonian Wilkes by Carrs
i Mambri; Charles Neuman's ro. m. Maud
Neuman, by Anteo Jr.; M. Salisbury s b. !
m. Alex B. by Nutwood Wilkes, sister to |
Little Albert"; M. Salisbury's br. m. Tip i
Timores, by Antimony-George Patchen Jr. :
2:19 class, trotting, two in three, $1000—
Nominations by Vendome stock farm (J.
W. Rea). San Jose. Cal.; Mrs. Kate Gan- !
; non. Emeryville. Cal.: H. H. Dahle, Pleas
anton, Cal.; G. W. Berry, 327 Market
street, San Francisco, Cal.; E. Cowell,
Alameda, Cal.: J. J. Connor, Salinas i
City, Cal.; D. R. Misner, San Fran- |
1 cisco, Cal.; Brown & Blarney, Grass Val
; ley, Cal.; Santa Rosa stock farm, San i
i Francisco, Cal.; Ed LafTerty. San Fran- j
. cisco, Cal.; W. H. Lumsden, Santa Rosa.
Cal.; Charles E. Clark. Fresno, Cal.;
! Rosedale stock farm. Santa Rosa, Cal.; |
I M. Salisbury. Pleasanton, Cal.
2:16 class, trotting, two in three, $1900— ;
I Nominations by A. B. Spreckels San
i Francisco. Cal.; D. E. Knight, Mary
! ville. Cal.; Vendome stock farm (J. W.
i Rea). San Jose. Cal.; Alex Brown, Wal- •
i nut Grove, Cal.; W. D. Nichols, Sacra
! mento. Cal.: J. H. Kelly, San Bernar
i dino, Cal.; William L. Spoor. Redlands,
Cal.; J. J. Connor, Salinas City, Cal.: J.
L. Smith. Vallejo, Cal.; E. Topham, Mil
: pitas. Cal.; Santa Rosa stock farm. San ;
i Francisco, Cal.; Ed Lafferty, San Fran
cisco, Cal.; W. H. Lumsden, Santa Rosa,
Cal.: G. W. Ford, Santa Ana, Cal.;
, Charles E. Clark, Fresno. Cal.: M. Salis-
I bury, Pleasanton, Cal.; Jacob Starr, Sac- j
" RAC 11N.C3
+-9-9-9-9-9 99999999 9-9-9-9 9 • •-•-•-• O • O C •-• • • » •- •-#-•-#-#-#- O-O-e-a-e
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW METHOD !
Of applying Electricity. This cures— drugs fail. The habit of dosing is Itself a disease. Sensible people are tired of physic, for P
it irritates the organs and gives no strength; it is a scourge which has ruined many a stomach t Electricity Is in harmony with 9
bodily magnetism, and as such is a natural remedy. Breaking away from old ruts oms medical reformer has crossed the rubl- I
con of research and given to the world that grandest of all cures— • j
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC RELT! I
Electricity as a cure does away with physic and gives to. the weakened body the vitality of animal life. The healing current stimulates the - '
action of the blood vessels, the nerves and tissues. In. this way it builds up strength, while its application is as soothing as sunwarmth. Dr. Mc- ®
Laughlin has devoted years to perfecting his method of Electrical treatment, which is now attracting the attention of the world and which is working I
such astounding cures. It is wonderful how this method circulates the bodily fluids,' assists the glands of the organs, casts out impurities, stops pain 1
and throws in a stream of life vigor. FEED YOUR NERVES. Have you lost your energy, your endurance? Has pain got a hold of you' Don't
grow aged before your time. Be strong and show that after all failures you can come out ahead with vigorous manhood. Get Electricity into your "'
system and you will feel it tone up your organs, your your muscles. Imagine the comfort and relief felt by those men who wrote these words-.
2824 Bush st., San Francisco, July 21, 1899. " ' 39 Merchants' Exchange. S. F.. July 20 1899 I
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin. , . Dr. A. T. Sanden, , .... - } it ' 1838 '
Dear Sir:— l suffered four years from partial paralysis, poor circulation. Indigestion. Dear Sir: Since using your Electric Belt I have advised many to adopt It as a cure W
deranged vision and sleeplessness: In fact I was a total wreck after trying doctors and for lumbago, kidney trouble, etc.. from all of which I had suffered and am now free I
medicines with no relief. About a month ago I purchased one of your high-grade Belts from. I still use the Belt occasionally, as it invigorates and benefits me I shall con A
and wore it as directed. I began to improve from the first application until to-day I tinue to advise my friends to provide themselves with the Belt as a remedy for tiu ,
am a well man. cured of all my ailments, and recommend your Belt to all sufferers, feel- similar to which I suffered from. '.<' - • • -.* * > j
Ing, sure lt will do as you say. -• f- y Yours very sincerely, M. O'CONNOR. Yours very truly, A. C. HAMMOND. ©
DR. McL AUGHLI N'S NEW BOOKLET, \'.-..i
A very plain, concise illustration of curative Electricity. Call or send and get this work. It shows how rapidly the new treatment is gaining favor '
by the great number of cures it is making and by its simple, home application. The book is full of new ideas and worth a deal to every man and •
woman. It is mailed free upon request. Call or address . ' f. T
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, 702 Market St -> COP - San Francisco, and [
LflX. Ilia ii- 1111/ JU /I U VIXXIjI J3I , cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. f
Office hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. #
I ramento, Cal.
2:13 class, trotting, two in three,
I $1000— Nominations by Vendome Stock
I Farm, San Jose; Alexander Brown, Wal-
I nut Grove; R. Malone, San Rafael; Mrs.
1 S. V. Barstow, San Jose; J. L. Smith, Val-
I lejo: J. B. Bouette, Santa Maria; B. Erk
enbrecker, Los Angeles: Elmer Mastin,
, Woodland; Santa Rosa Stock Farm, San
Francisco; William Rourke, San Bernar-
I dino; G. W. Ford, Santa Ana; Jacob Starr,
Sacramento.
Free-for-all, trotting, $1500— Nominations
I by Vendome Stock Farm. San Jose; Mrs.
M. Grace Judd, Peoria. 111.; R. Malone,
San Rafael; B. Erkenbrecker, Los An
geles; J. B. I son, Salinas; William I
! Rourke, San Bernardino; G. W. Ford,
I Santa Ana; Charles E. Clark, Fresno.
2:30 class, pacing, three In five, $1000—
George A. Davis' Wk. h. Rev Direct, by
Direct-Vera; C. M. Cline's l*r. g. C M C, by j
Sarnie-Maggie A; P. Eisner's br. m. Lilly
Mac, by McKinney-Pond Lily; Alexander j
Brown's br. g. Sable le Grand, by Sable '
Wilkes, by Le Grand; William Cecil's Ir
vington Boy, by Nutwood Wilkes-Lady
Mine; S. C. Tryon's b. h. Dadalion, by :
I Diablo, by Buccaneer; L. J. Felton's eh. g.
El Diablo, by Diablo, by A. W. Richmond; j
IJ. H. Kelly's eh. f. Cleon, by Happy |
Prince-Daisy O; John Smith's b. g. Lo
; caler, by Mcßenton-Laura C; I. L. Smith's
I eh. h. Gaff Topsail, by Diablo, by Alcona; I
< George Johns' b. g. Patsy D, by Almont \
j Patchen, by Prompter; C. P. R. Stroud's
b. g. Captain Hackett, by Stelnway-Idol '
' Belle; J. B. Iverson's b. h. Guidon, by Al- <
' mont Patchen, by Anteros; C. D. Jeffries'
eh. m. Margurette, by Steinway, by Oak- j
land Boy; Mrs. C. B. Bigelow's b. m. Va
leria, by Alex Button-Viola; C. A. Dur- ;
, fee's br. f. Monica, by McKinney, by Di- !
| rector; Fernside Stock Farm's br. h. Ad- ■
, vertiser, by Advertiser-Alfredatta; H. H. ,
Helman's br. h. Alta Rio, by Altamont
i Tecora; P. E. Jensen's br. h. Alta, by Al
i tamont-Mattie; Santa Rosa Stock Farm's
I b. m. Hazel D., by Diablo, by Director;
' M. Salisbury's b. m. Thera. by Albion, by
Ten Broeck; A. J. Viogel's b. h. Wild Nut
| ling, by Wlldnut-Helea; John E. Kirk
land's colt by Primrose-Altamont. " ■
2:25 class, pacing, three in flve, $1000— :
j George A. Davis' blk. h. Rev Direct by ;
j Direct-Vera: C. M. C line's br. g. C. M. C.
by Sarnie-Maggie A; P. Eisner's br. m. !
| Lily Mac, by McKinney-Pond Lily; Alex.
| Brown's br. g. Sable le Grand, by Sable
I Wilkes-by Le Grand; S. C. Tryon's b. h. i
j Dadalion, by Diablo, by Buccaneer; Geo.
Gray's b. g. Clipper, by Diablo, by Ulster
| Chief; J. H. Kelly's eh. m. (loon, by Hap.
| py Prince-Daisy O; John Smith's b. g. Lo
> caler, by Mcßenton-Laura C; I. L. Smith's
! eh. h. Topsail, by Diablo, by Alcona;
George Johns' b. g. Patsy D, by Almont
Patchen, by Prompter; C. P. R. Stroud's
b. g. Captain Hackett, by Steinwas'-iaol \
Belle; J. B. Iverson's b. h. Guidon, by Al- I
mont Patchen, by Anteros; Mrs. C. B. I
Bigelow's b. m. Valeria, by Alex. Button- '■
Viola; C. A. Durfee's br. f. Monica, by \
McKinney. by Director: H. H. Helman's
b. m. Martha Whips, by Whips-Myrtha; I
P. E. Jessen's br. h. Alta. by Altamont- i
Mattie; Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. m.
Guyeara. by Guy Wilkes, by Nutwood; P. j
J. Crowley's eh. g. Goldy, by Brigadier; ;
W. H. Lumsden's b. m. Roblet. by Robin- j
Eveline; M. Salisbury's b. m. Thera, by
Albion, by Ten BroecII: A. J. Vioget's br. !
h. Wild Nutling. by Wild Nut-Helea: C.
A. Owens' b. g. Henry Ramon, by Ramon-
Alice; S. H. Hoy's b. h. Demonia, by
Charles Derby-Bertha; John E. Kirkland's I
Primrose, by Altamont.
2:18 class, pacing, three In five; $1000— G. i
A. Davis' blk. h. Rey Direct, by Direct- j
Vera; P. H. Qulnn's br. h. John A. by
Wayland W. by The Grand Moor; William !
Cecil's Irvington Boy, by Nutwood
Wilkes-Lady Mine; R. Garnsey's Billy ;
Baker. by Silkwood-Chief of the Echos; |
L. J. Felton's eh. g. El Diablo, by Diablo, j
by A. W. Richmond: C. O. Thornquist's j
b. h. Adjutant, by Electro-Miss Peacock?
J. B. Bennett's b. m. Estells Wilkes, by
Mambrine Wilkes; J. B. Iverson's eh. m.
Dictatress. by Dictatus-Sallnas Belle; C
D. Jeffries' eh. m. Annie Rooney, by Stein
wav. by Oakland Boy; C. A. Durfee's b. f.
Monica, by McKinney, by Director; A. G.
Gurnett's b. m. Echora Wilkes, by Nut-
Wood Wilkes, by Echo: A. M. Weldon's b.
s. Dave Ryan, by Anteole-Network; John
Baker's b. m. Connie, by Ketehum-Bird
roe; Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. m. Hazel
D, by Diablo, by Director: P. J. Crowley's
eh. g. Goldy. by Brigadier: W. H. Lums
den's b. m. Roblet, by Robin-Eveline:
Charles Neuman's eh. h. Butcher Boy. by
Secretary, by McCellan; Van de Vanter
Stock Farm's b. m. Alta Dell, by Holm
dell-Divinco; C. A. Owens' b. g. Harry
Ramon, by Ramon-Alice: J. K. Briggs' or. j
g. Kelley" Briggs, by Bayswater Wilkes, :
by Algona. . " , '\ ■■
*2:15 class, pacing, two In three. $1000— [
Nominations by P. H. Quinn. Scotia,
Humboldt County; C. M. Ryder. Fresno;
F. G. Crawford. Willows; S. C. Tryon.
Sacramento: L. J. Felton, Santa Ana;
F. E. Menchaca. Santa Barbara: J. O.
Holmes. Sacramento; Walter S. Maben,
Los Angeles; J. B. Iverson. Salinas City;
W. G. Stevenson. Victoria. B. C : T. L.
Nash, Hollister: G. Perlmos. Lodi: C. A.
Durfee, Oakland: G. Wempe. San Fran
cisco; E. B. Smith. Sacramento: M. Salis
bury. Pleasanton: Van de Vanter, Stock
Farm, Seattle. Wash.
2:12 class, pacing, two in three, $1000—
Nominations by P. H. Quinn. Scotia.
Humboldt County: F. G. Crawford. Wil
lows: R. Garnsey. Santa Ana; George
Gray. Haywards: F. E. Menchaca. 'Santa
Barbara: P. L. Nash, Hollister; Charles
F. Kapp, San Francisco; I. W. Hobson.
San Jose: C. A. Durfee. Oakland; W. A.
Fry. Portland; John Baker. Santa Ana-
Free for all, pacing. $1500— Nominations
by F. G. Crawford. Willows; R. Garnsey.
Santa Ana; L. J. Felton. Santa Ana; D.
R. Misner, San Francisco: W. C. Grouse,
Fruitvale. Alameda County; Charles F.
Kapp, San Francisco: C. A. Durfee, Oak
land; John Baker. Santa Ana; C. A.
j Owens, Clovis. Fresno County.
« Columbia Tweets tfgain. «
* SSest Jforses in the 2l?e& to "Compete *
aaaaaaaaaaaaa'aaaaaaoaa^aoaaaaaaaaaaaaa
NINE HARNESS
RACES DECIDED
IN ONE DAY
Lively Contests at
Detroit.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT. July 22.— Night was fall
ing fast as the last heat of ten hours'
continuous racing was trotted at tha
Grosse Point track this evening. In
spite of two rainy days the entire pro
gramme of twenty races was com
pleted and the attendance at the open
ing meeting of the grand circuit was
the largest blue ribbon record. There
were two unfinished and seven un
touched races on to-day's programme
when Starter Hayt called the first field
at 9:45 a. m., and to-night all were fin
ished excepting the 2:10 trot, which
had to be decided in Caracalla's favor
because of darkness when he had won
but two heats.
Hal B's mile in 2:05 1-5, made in to
day's 2:10 pacing stake, was the fast
est competition mile of the year, ex
cepting the one by Searchlight in 2:04 I ,i
at Denver. In this event Denver Snow
laid Hal B up in the first heat and
when he was turned loose he had no
trouble in taking the next two. Wil
liam Mc won the first heat, but the
judges set him back to last for cutting
in on Edith W in the homestretch.
In the Chamber of Commerce Conso
lation. Maud Emperor, with one heat
won yesterday, could do nothing with
"Wandering Jew, who took the other
two.
There was a plunge on J. B. D. in the
2:12 trot. He won the first heat easily.
After that Copeland had the speed and
was in front all the way in the next
two heats.
Both Lord Vincent and Prince of In
i dia made a bid for the Hotel Cadillao
stake. Vincent won the first and the
j Prince the next two heats. Then Rob
j crt J was driven out and won the next
I three in close finishes.
Anaconda was never In danger in the
'.. fast 2:04 pace and showed in front in
'■ all the heats.
In the Merchants' and Manufactur
ers' Consolation stake there was noth
ing that could head Wllask and the
little stallion won both heats handily,
Arbuteskan had to travel fast in the
2:20 pace, but he was equal to the pact.
and won in straight heats. Most of the
horses and their owners, drivers, etc.,
left for Cleveland to-night. Results;
JJB class pacing. purse $2000 (unfinished from
Thursday)— Maid won third, fifth and sixth
heats- Time, Z_7Shk 2:10%, 2:03%.. Wiltrunby
won fourth heat in 2:07% and Was second.
Nerva Patchen won first heat In 2:08 and was
third.. Hontas Crooke won second heat ir. 3:09
and was fourth- Star Hal. Gyp Walnut, Lollta,
Johnny C, Rosa L.. Walnut Lad. Bay Leaf,
Roan Dick, Blaze Boy,. Sweet Violet. Gypsy
Red, Maronial, Maximllllnn. Daisy R. Pat
Hugo, Lady Prince and Scapegoat also started.
Chamber of Commerce Consolation stake, $100,
for 2:24 class pacing, unfinished yesterday
Wandering Jew won second and third heats.
Time. 2:09%, 2:13.. Maud Emperor won first
heat In 2:l* and was second; Hipless third.
Mace. The Private.. Mount Clemens Boy and
Earl B also started.
2:12 class trotting,, purse $1200. two heats in
three (unfinished yesterday) — Copeland won
second and third heats. Time. 2:09%, 2:11%..
J. B. D.. won flrst heat in '2:10% ami was sec
ond. Tomboy third.. Kate McCrack.. Red Star.
Georgiana, Norvel, Dr. Leake, Queerest. Car
'tyle <"arne, Timorah, Tudor, Chimes and Pa
sonte also started-
Hotel Cadillac stake. $3000. for 2:16 class
trot— Robert J won fourth, fifth and sixth
heats. Time, 2:11%,. 2:12%.. 2:13. Prince oT In
dia, won second and third heats and was second.
Time, 2:13 2:14.. Lord Vincent won first heat
ln 2:12% and was third.. Iris O. Kllda, Jack
D. Sister Alice and Phoebe Childers also
started.
2:04 class pacing, purse — Anaconda, b. g..
won in straight heats.. Time. _-."«, 2:06%.- 2:07.
Prince Albert second, Chehalis third.. Frank
Bedash and Directly also started.
Merchants" and Manufacturers' Consolation
stake. $.'ft**i. 2:24 class,, trotting — Wllask won in
straight heats. Time, 2:14, 2:16. Bertha Dee
Bee md, Lady Willington third. Starmont and
1 .s-u-ahar also started.. *■ • ••■
Hotel Normandle stake. $2000, 2:10 class, pac
ing — B won second, third and fourth heats.
Time, 2 :_)«%>, 2:05%, 2:08.. Edith W won first
bent hi 2:06% and was second- Nelly Bruce
third. Ace,. William Mac, Golden Prince. Ophe
lia, Sylvan Way and Ous Barrett also started.
2:20 class, pacing, purse $1200. two in three
— Arbuteskan won in straight heats.. Time,
2:10%, 2:09%, Fritz second. Miss Irraa thinl.
Little Pete. Johnny Agan, Americus,, Dunbar
and Delia C also started.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $3000 (unfinished)—
Caracalla won first and third heats. Time,
2:lOV>. 2:10- Fayton won second heat in 2:09%.
Elloree won fifth heat in 2:124: Belle J fourth.
2:11%. Battleton, Tommy Britton and Dione
also started.
FIREARM EASILY
TAKES THE SEA
CLIFF STAKES
Isidor Gets Second
Place.
— * — -
TRUMPET WINS THE CHOICE
— • —
BID UP WHEN PUT UNDER
THE HAMMER.
♦
Our Gertie, Salvarse and Alice Turner
Finish in Front in Handicaps
on the St. Louis
Track.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 22.— There were thre«
i stakes on the card at Brighton Reach to-oay,
1 the first being the Choice, at six furlongs for
2-year-olds with selling weights. The Dwyer
. pair were the favorites. After the race thm
winner was bid to $130"* and bought in by the
owner. In the Sea Cliff stakes Heliohas was
a slight favorite over Firearm, and all through
! the first part of the race it was between' them.
i In the stretch Firearm went away and won
I easily and in the last few jumps Isidor got the
place from Hellobas. The Seaside stakes were
won by King Barleycorn. Jockey O'Connor
was set down for the balance of the meeting
; for foul riding on Andronlcus in the fifth
race. Results:
Five and a half furlongs Ceylon won.
Premature second, Frellnghuysen third. Time.
, 1 :'"'*' = • . ,-
Mile and a quarter— Laverock won, Decan-
I ter second. Lackland third. Time. 2:08 2-5.
Choice stakes, six furlongs, selling— Trumpet
' won Shoreham second. Knight Bannerett
I third. Time, 1:14 4-5.
Sea Cliff stakes, six furlongs— Firearm won.
] Isidor second. Heliobas third. Time, 1:14.
j One mil". selling-Kirkwood won. Maximo
I Comer second. Fly by Night third- Time,
1:41 2,5.
Seaside stakes, seven furlongs Barley
corn won. Rovsterer second. Sir Hubert third.
Time. 1 ,23 1-5.
ST. LOUIS, July Track fast and rery
dusty. Results:
Mile and a half— Edwards won, Kodak sec
ond, Friskal third. Time. 2:36^-.
Six furlongs— The Pride won. Miss Bramble
(barred) second, Mousquetalre third.. Trust Me
i fourth.. Time. 1:13%.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles — Judge
Steadman won, Eitholin second. Rowland Duett
: third. Time, 1:49%..
Handicap, six furlongs — Our Gertie won,
i "Wiggins second,. Tulla Fonso third. Time,
I 1:17,',.
Handicap, one and a sixteenth miles — Sal-
I rarse won, Gaston second, Raffaelo third. Time,
i 1:50.
One mile Duke of Baden won,. Banish sec
ond, Hittick third.. Time., t:*3%.
Handicap, five and a half furlongs — Alice
> Turner won, San Cecilia second. Sue Johnson
third. Time, 1:09%. .
CHICAGO. July 22.— Weather clear;: track fast
at Hawthorne to-day. Results:
Five furlongs — Elite won. Unsightly
second. Lew Krafts third. Time. 1:01 .4.
Seven furlongs— Harry Nutter won. Semper
Eadem second, Espionage third. Time. 1:27 U.
Twc miles, selling- Barton won. Teutons sec
ond. Barrier third. Time, 3:28^4
Short course steeplechase Chenier won. Gyp
ceiv*>r second, Clifton B third. Time. 3:19.
One mile, handicap Cherryleaf won. Boney
Boy second. Monk Wayman third. Time. 1:40.
One mile, selling- Elkin won, Flop second,
Miss Ross third. Time, 1:4114.
DETROIT. July _2.^»The Highland Park
Club's meeting opened at Windsor this after
noon under fair- skies, a rather slow track from
the heavy rain of yesterday and good attend
ance.. The meeting will continue nineteen days.
Results::
Six furlongs— won. Flying Bess sec
| ond. Miss Rowena third. Time, I:!n7
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Kitty
Regent won. Colonel Frank Walters second.
Ennomia third. Time, 1:53.
Five furlongs — Tickfull won, Olive Order sec
ond. Tidbow third Time. 1:04%.
One mile, the Merchants' stake. $1000— Oak
Maid won. Evelyn Byrd second, Lizzie Kelley
third. Time. 1:46%,
Six and a half furlongs, selling— La Mascotta
won. Quaver second, Damocles third. Time,
1:24%.
Short course steeplechase — Doiisterswivel won,
Roseberry second. La Colona third. Time, 3:04.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
TOI Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
j water direct from the ocean.
. m ■
Fire in Chinese Rookery.
SACRAMENTO. July 22.— There was a
lively tire in a Chinese rookery on I street
to-night. Three firemen were partly
penned in by a falling roof, but they were
released before suffocation. The Chinese
claim that three or four Chinamen wero
lost in the fire, but the firemen deny th*
possibility of such a tragedy.ADVERTISEMENTS.
FO E"C Medical Treatment
JL l\-11/lL on Trial and Approval
NO MONEY IN ADVANCE.
r^X/cric_ircToiM_«i_r A course of remedies — the marvel of
" S^O^l tuci Imdhf 5 medical science— and Apparatus indorsed
j V 7, <- V*4v ii « S- by physicians will be sent ON APPROVAL
S? &\ V} \ ir * wtTHOUT ADVANCE PAYMENT to
fiP >rf\\ \ \ any honest man who is suffering from
\\ V weakness peculiar to men. Use them a
! \ / vV \ reasonable time and if not all you expect
I \i i ix) \ — all you wish pack apparatus and re-
I (fil/A \ mainder of Remedies into same box and
I \/ '■/ I send them back — that ends it— pay nothing!
I /y^\S s^_-^( MEN WHO ARE WEAK, BROKEN
SL/{ ">LIJ!T\ DOWN. DISCOURAGED, men whosuffer
Ji-L. Sgy \V_ -^ify * \ from the effects of disease, overwork,
li\ fj V y^\s^\y\ worry, from the follies of youth or excesses
V \ \ / J. ' ■ y~ N si ,y «\ °^ manhood, failure of vital forces, unfit-
M__-_,.^#-Lir—-^<- j^og fI^TA ness for marriage — all such men should
*■ " ~~ ■ ■ ...J "go to the fountain head" for a scientific
method of marvelous power to vitalize, sustain, and restore weak And undevel-
oped portions of the body.
Any man writing in good faith may obtain full account of this astonishing
system. You have only to write your name and address iv the blank f«nn below,
cutout the coupon and mail it to the Erie Medical Co., Buffalo. N. Y.
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,
66 NIAGARA ST., BUFFALO, N. Y.
Sirs : — As per statement in San Francisco Call ycu may mail to
me, under plain letter sea!, postage paid, full, explanation of your new
system of furnishing your Appliance and Remedies to reliable men on
trial and approval without expense no payment to be made in
advance no cost of any kind unless treatment proves successful and
entirely satisfactory. Also mail sealed, free, your new medical book
for men.
Give name and I .,,,... ........•••
address in ful!. 1 ••••**' *
Please write very/
n v. { : 4 r >
i
BATCH OF CONSULS
APPOINTED BY NICARAGUA
! Bright Young' Men Selected to Rep
resent Their Government in
Various Parts of the World.
Correspondence of the Associated Tress.
MANAGUA; Nicaragua. June 30.— The
Mowing have been named as Consuls of
icafagua at the posts mentioned and
ley will start aoout July 16 for their dcs
! 'ir. P. dro L. Bermudez. New York City.
L»r. Manuel Maldonado, Hamburg.
Ram* n Rostran; London.
Hector S. Torres, Paris.
Robert Bone; Liverpool:
Luis Cousin, San Francisco.
The. appointees are all. young men. Dr.
Bermudez received a medical education in
Philadelphia, and Senor Cousin is a
brother-in-law of President Zelaya. In
addition to their other duties Nicaragua's
Consular representatives usually act as
purchasing agents for the Government.
The commercial treaty propoged by the
Ignited States with Nicaragua still awaits
ratification and I'nited States Minister
AVilliam L. Men has not returned from
San Jose! Costa Rica, The treaty would
be very advantageous to America and es
pecially so to California, in view of tee
fact that Nicaragua is disposed to if not
anxious to make a treaty with Chile, from
wliich country she imports flour, wine,
canned fruits, hay and various other arti-
_R
FETE AT LANDGRAF VILLA.
Entertainment Under the Auspices
of Catholic Women.
MILL VALLEY. July 22.— Landgraf
Villa; picturesquely situated in the red
woods, wasdthe scene of an entertainment
and fete this afternoon nd evening for
the benefit of the Catholic church. The
lights of numerous Japanese lanterns
flashed among the green foliage of the
trees at night and their subdued radiance
blended perfectly with the light of a full
moon, producing a spectacle that stirred
the appreciation of. the guests to a point
where they were lavish in their encomi-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spanish - American
War Panorama
Is one of the war books which is likely
to be in continuous demand. It is a
panoramic record of the triumphs of
Yankee Doodle. The eagle flaps his
wings on every page, and "Old Glory"
■waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
war are here portrayed, as well as
many of the "men behind the guns."
Military life is pictured to the eye, from
recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. The
company cook receives the' - attention
due to ills importance; the mess is
;fho\vn; cavalry scenes are given; the
hospital arrangements are depicted; the
heroines of the Red Cross service are
displayed; street scenes in Havana,
Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
the new citizens or subjects (which are
they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new
localities and sees the tumultuous new
life, without the risk or expense of a
sea voyage.
The Album is "'_-■•• inches, weighs 12 I
'ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
United States, Canada or Mexico for
12 cents in .tamps or coin to cover post-
age and packing. Copy may be seen at
any ticket office of the Big Four Route.
Order at once, as the edition is limited.
Address WARREN J. LYNCH. Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big I
Four Route," Cincinnati, Ohio.
irk envelope "War Album."
L .IL j Jjß^j^-a3-,rfirT?!_^_M
Pennyroyal pills
EHKYRQYAL PILLS
I -ji^y. Original find Only Genuine. A
f'.yfr'y^. »«Ft. t!w»i nsiablo. LkOIEt. ait *»V
_£_7J _wkj_M. Draggitt for Chichester s English Dia.JfjnjL
fe_f*^J_7!jSJ^, ni '•' Brand Ked and Gold u.i"«l.ic\\flr '
V __J\feWl.-.cj, »*»1»J with blue ribbon. Take \Sp
' M S*Si <?W|»" !ier - Refuse dangertn.. tubstitu. V
I / ~ fff Mont and imitati< ns. At l>._sgist», er »">(i 4«.
I (__ yf) in ntarops for pirtleolari, ioiimonULi tat
\ 'C* __¥ " Kelloir fer Ladles, " in Utter, bj return
•X •' if JJ»I1. 1 «>.«»« T-.tiraoni.li. Ifea* Paper.
©]hl..i_c«trrCSe____ea_Co..M.-iiJU<,
JkU by ad* Vocal jJ.-ii^Ht*. Pn_J.A.J»A.. VA'
RADWAYS'S KKADY KELIiiF lias stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as - a
Pain Remedy, It Instantly relieves and Quickly
cures all Colds, Bora Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and all BOwel Pains. All- druggists. j
I urns on the ladies who were responsible
for the treat.
Several booths were scattered about
among the trees and the large dance pa -
vilion was provided with a stage for the
performers. Booths and stage were taste
fully rated with flowers and festooned
with bunting of red, white and blue. An
orchestra provided music for dancing both
afternoon and evening.
A large number of visitors arrived early
in th* afternoon from across the bay. and
in the evening, when it was cooler, many
enjoyed moonlight rides to the villa from
San Rafael, Sausalito, Ross Valley, Lark
spur and Tamalpais. The programme
rendered was as follows:
Musical -■ lections by a trio composed
of AY. H. Rice (cornet). Miss i-_ Hutton
l violin). Miss C. S. Rice (piano); recita
tion. Miss Lotta Johnson; humorous se
lections! \V. J. Hitfes; tenor solo. H. Brad
ley Smith: comic lections, Thomas Eg
gert; whistling selections. Miss >!. Gert
rude Judd, piano accompaniment by Mrs.
LAUNCH MAGIC WILL MAKE THE RUN TO SAN DIEGO.
C ■ -j II F. launch Magic, built for the I'nited States Quartermaster's De
partment at San Diego, is to start on her long journey this week.
The little steamer Is only 60 feet long, 10 feet beam and 3 feet draft,
JL and will be well boarded up so as to prevent her from filling up and
going flown. The great difficulty will be in regard to fuel. The ves
sel can only carry a small quantity of coah and will have to stop at several
places on the way down to replenish her supply. The Magic was to have as
sisted the McDowell in carrying passengers to the military stations in the
bay, but as her builders have to turn her over at San Diego before August
1, Quartermaster Marshall will have to get another boat.
Maud Noble; violin solo. Miss Maud Rob
erts Conlin; cornet solo. W. H. Bice; com
edietta "A Happy Pair." Fred L. Shaw
and Miss Margaret McLennan. Dancing.
The ladies to whom Is largely due the
success of the fete are: Mrs. John Spot
tiswpod Mrs. James A. Thompson, Mrs
Vincent Kingwell, Mrs. E. Brinbaum, Mrs.
N M Lenhart, Mrs. Robert Parsons, Miss
Sarah Boyle, Miss Jen, Deffenbach. Miss
Mary Kingwell and the Misses K. C. and
Teresa Thompson.
OTIS WILL BE RELIEVED
IF ROOT DESIRES IT
i NEW YORK. July 22. -A World Wash
ington special says: The new Secretary of
War will visit the President at the Hotel
Champlain during McKinley's stay there
and thoroughly discuss the military situ
ation. Plans for tin- future campaigns in
•the Philippines will be discussed.
It will then be determined whether Gen
eral Otis shall remain in command or
whether Root desires to make any radical
changes In the army in the Far East.
Any changes that the new Secretary may
desire to make will be favorably regarded.
Root could only secure th» removal of
Genetal Otis and the assignment of an
other commander of the forces in the
Philippines through an order of the Pres
ident, as the army regulations provide
that the President shall assign command
ers to the Territorial departments. The
relations existing between the President
and the Secretary of War determine very
largely to what extent i..c headofthe War
Department is permitted to share in the
selection" of commanders.
BIDS FOB, GOLD DEMOCRATS.
Bryan Makes a Plea That They Re
turn to the Fold.
ST. LOUIS, July Hon. W. J.
Bryan to-night handed to the Associ
ated Press a letter written to Urey
Woodson, National Democratic com
mitteeman for Kentucky, bearing. upon
the factional differences arising In the
ranks of the Democratic party in Ken
tucky through the nomination of Wil
liam Goebel for Governor at Louisville
several weeks ago.
Mr. Bryan goes on at length to show
Mr. Goebel's loyalty to the Chicago
platform 'and expresses a desire that
all gold Democrats shall return to the
party fold, provided they will accept
the Democratic platform and support
candidates pledged to it.
"Certainly, a victory won upon the
platform adopted by the Louisville con
vention cannot do harm, but what shall
we say of a defeat? If the Republican
State ticket is elected the Republicans
In Kentucky and elsewhere will be en
couraged and the fight of 1900 made
harder. If the Democratic State ticket
is defeated, a Republican Senator may
be elected from that State."
He then goes on to show the cause
of silver would be injured by such a
result.
Demand Damages for Assault.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Mary Garcia,
through her husband and guardian, began
suit in the Superior Court to-day against
Antonio Pease for $5000 damages for an
assault alleged to have been committed
two years ago. The complaint states that
on July 27, 1897, Pease threatened to kill
the girl and beat and bruised her so that
•die was seriously and permanently
maimed. Mary Garcia at that time waa
only 15 years old. Since then she has
married, but still being under age she la
represented in the case by her husband
as guardian.
THE SAbN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
GOLD HUNTERS
RETURN FROM
THE KLONDIKE
Some Were Success
ful, Many Failed.
— — —
HOMER IN FROM ST. MICHAEL
— » —
CAPTAIN BABNESON ARRESTED
FOR BATTER a..
. *——
Transports Ready for Manila"De
tention Camp" on Angel Island
Ready for Returning Sick
Soldiers.
The Alaska Exploration Company's
steamer Del Norte and the Alaska Com
mercial Company's steamer Portland
sailed yesterday with passengers and
freight for the Klondike and Cape Nome
and the Alaska Exploration Company's
Homer arrived from St. Michael with one
hundred passengers and nearly a million
dollars in treasure.
The vessels going north did not carry
many passengers. The Portland took
' away about twenty and the Del Norte not
so many. The travel to Dawson seems. to
be nearly all via Skaguay and Dyea. The
Del Norte took up a deckload of cattle
; and a very valuable cargo of mining sup-
I plies. The Portland carried all the freight
] she could pack.
The Homer brought. down six boxes of
' gold dust consigned to the Alaska Ex
ploration Company and three boxes con
signed to the Bank of British Columbia.
The value of these could not be ascer
tained, but probably in conjunction with
what the passengers brought with them
the steamer carried from $750,000 to
$1,000,1 . .'■'••■-:
G. Ai derson is a speculator and his
speculations must have turned out well,
for he brought back with him $50,000. J.
Burke and B. Murphy have good claims
on El Dorado Creek. They brought down
i $35,000 and $15. respectively. C. E. and
I O. Letonaneau brought down $20,000 with
! them and Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Patterson
\ made $10,000 at Grand Forks running a
! restaurant. They have come here to en
j joy a well earned holiday. Mr. and Mrs.
I O. Hoffman, Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell, Joe
! Hub] v. Frank Francis and George W.
j Taylor all did well and brought more or
| less cash with them.
These people presented the bright side
I of the story, but there were plenty among
'■ the Homer's passengers who never want
| to see Alaska again. Some of them were
i minus fingers, others had lost pieces of
i their ears, while many bad parted from
I neariv all their toes from frostbites. Mrs.
I E. J.Latta. M. I >. . was so sick that she
! had to be carried from the steamer to the
i wharf. L. Brown sold his claim for $50.
--! 000 and brought the money down with
him. He was frostbitten during his stay
i in the Klondike and all his money would
' not tempt him to go through the experl
j ence again.
The work of coaling the transport Indi
i ana was begun yesterday and the vessel
; will be got ready to send back to Manila
|as quickly as possible. To-day she will
I take the Tartars place at the government
! wharf, where she will be painted white.
. The Newport is nearly ready at the Mall
I dock and will probably*' sail Tuesday.
Captain John Barneson, superintendent
of the government dock, got into a row
with one of the wharf hands and was
: arrested In consequence. A man named
C. F. Bradley became impudent and Cap-
I tain Barneson gave him a much needed
j lesson. The captain was arrested on a
; charge of battery, and at once gave $50
fash bail.
The "detention .camp" on Angel Inland
is now ready for use, and should any if
the tranports have to go Into quarantine
all the m>-n on her can be cared for in
I the new camp. The otlicers' quarters are
; ready, the hospitals are equipped, the
[tent floors are down, the cooks' quarters
; are ready and all the safeguards against
contagion have been provided. There is
! ample accommodation for -1500 men. and
that Is as many as any- one transport will
bring in.
Should a vessel arrive with some con
tagious disease aboard the soldiers and
crew will be landed at th*- detention camp
and the vessel will go to the quarantine
! hulk to be fumigated. After being fumi
gated she will dock and be got ready for
another voyage to Manila. Over 200 men
have been working night and day to pre
' pare the' camp. Last night Peterson's
I launch Sybl went over and brought about
: fifty of them to the city, and this morn
! ing took them over again. The "deten
j tion camp" is near the quarry, a hill" sep
arating it from the quarantine station.
The wreck of th*- American ship John
R. Kelley. which went ashore in Port
Stanley, F. 1., has been sold for $1000.
■ * ■
Thomas Talman Asphyxiated.
Thomas- Talman, hostler for L. Scott of
'fy ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER; read m free offer
>2ffi*3^^ Wise Words to Sufferers
Jo^^^^^^9tK " From a Woman of Notre Dame, Ind.
t^/'ftf^^^^^^J^K^^^®^^' 4 'i'iN llll\ I will mail, free of any charge, this Home Treat-
lfflllfi_v_iW^^^^^^___a ft V I ll\ ment vv ' tn * vII instructions and the history of my own
ttiwllllHlfM^S^zS *^_lrE§i§§'_ Wi, Vl l l\ case to any lady suffering from female trouble. You
J/W™/i_S___^^ • : Jj^* ,, Vlm \ l\ can cure yourse't at honie without the aid of any
Mlll'ws'ralV'' i 11l P n >' 9ic,on - It will cost you nothing to give the
#Wise trial, and to Sufferers it
From a Woman of Notre Dame, Ind.
I will mail, free of any charge, this Home Treat-
ment with full instructions and the history of my own
case to any lady suffering from female trouble. You
can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
physician. It will cost you nothing to give the
treatment a trial, and if you decide to continue it
WMWMMM? /*K4 T&MtMill'zA iiml will only cost you about twelve cents a week.
mMlli!iri\WWkySlfi^' __&"*. I 111 It will not interfere with your work or occupation.
WmWWM^SL VO|f»f*.r\\tfll II I have nothing to «*"■ Tell other sufferers of it—
W/////W . fflt^ET^i "' y-^ 1 Iwßi^ m\Wtf # that ' 8 all I ask. It cures all, young or old.
XwVtll^^^''''^- _=&w_^Al\\\\\r/f IT S3" If you feel a bearing-down sensation, sense of
Xyflr yy/Vyifff^ -2^^^ .S___»iwP /^# impending evil, pain in the back or bowels, creeping
/fcPw «_» feeling up the spine, a desire to cry frequently, hot
fflws __f flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
l l^^^y^^ : :;« have Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling
* :; '4ff_iU^ of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
•' I JJr Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
fl ■ NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
f'fyy^fyff Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides myself have cured themselves with it. I send it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
' effectually cures Leucorrhea. Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young ladies.
It will save you anxiety and expense and save you daughter the humiliation of explaining her
■ troubles to others. Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladles of your own state or county who know and i
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause dis- !
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. M. SUHHERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Ind., U.S.A. j
ADVERTISEMEKTS. '' - T ""' " - ' ' ' '■ " 'ff
508000000000^
I Dyspepsia S
j| Most people eat more than is good for them. The stomach tries to digest all that's put into it, but if 52
52 repeatedly overloaded, it goes on a strike. That's indigestion. Rich, over-sweet, indigestible food weakens the |*
52 stomach and makes it unable to take care of the material put into ; t. More food taken into a weakened stomach M
5| than the stomach can digest, stays there, forms gases and rots, bringing on all the horrors of dyspepsia. The 5*
M only way to cure dyspepsia is to'clean out the digestive canal with CASCARETS. Keep it clean with Cascarets, ||
|| eat light food sparingly, and give the stomach a chance to rest up and get strong again. ||
H Be sure you get the genuine CASCARETS! Q
C^ jd&i3S3r i^lß^BiPfet v ••For six years I was a victim of dys- _. ffg
Zr 4mB&W J___f_\__\ \_BeK_l_ »^^^_ pepsia in its worst form. I could eat nothing 5-C
fil ____!Pl__i!_r f_t§H __l!_________7 "* °f then I have steadily improved, until lam as he t • , Be
I only way to cure dyspepsia is to'clean out the digestive canal with CASCARETS. Keep it clean with Cascarets, M
eat light food sparingly, and give the stomach a chance to rest up and get strong again. ||
Be sure you get the genuine CASCARETSI Q
H ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. fj
1? THE TABLET DRUGGISTS g
*5 CASCARBTS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. Wo mercurial or other mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectively and permanently £3
5{ cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels . including diarrhcea and dysentery . gx*
W Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuir e!• Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CAbCARfcTS jV
F^ to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back ! . Write us for booklet and free sample 1 Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NEW YORK. «
*kt* 37(5 M^s\
1743 Franklin street, was found dead Jn his
bed yesterday morning, with the gas
turned on. The dead man occupied the
loft over the stable and had been on a
spree for three or four days. On Friday
night he went to the loft very drunk, and
It is believed that he accidentally turned
on the gas jet after he had turned it off.
He was a native of Connecticut. 74 years
old. The body was taken to the Morgue.
SOLITUDE A CONVICT.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON, July 22.-Not
until to-day did the fact leak out that
the William Phelan who was sent to the
incorrigible ward at the meeting of the
Board of State Prison Directors last Sat
urday was the convict who was concerned
in the plot which resulted in the stabbing
of Guard James McDonald by Convict
Jacob Oppenheimer. It required a change
of Wardens to effect justice in the case
of a man who is known to be a desperate
and abandoned character, a prisoner three
guards had petitioned to have placed in
the dungeon because of his threat against
life at a critical period.
Shortly after Oppenheimer stabbed Mc-
Donald, Phelan and "Frisco Slim" threat
ened the lives of Guards Leahy. Yoho and
Morrow. These men went to Captain Ed
gar and were unable to obtain relief. They
managed-'to interest Captain Birlem, and
Birlem made a personal appeal to Warden
Hale, who sustaiue.! -'the- stand taken by
Edgar. It was prophesied at the time that
it would only be a short time until one or
both of the convicts tried to take human
life.
A few days before the Prison Directors
met this prophecy was proved to be
grounded on a good acquaintance with
the prisoners in question. Phelan got into
an altercation with a fellow inmate and
struck him on the head with a roller
bobbin, laying' open his scalp and inflicting
so ugly a cut that the victim was sent to
the hospital. Warden Aguirre investigated
Phelan's record and told the board he
should be sent to the incorrigible cell.
_ «
CLOSE OF THE ASSEMBLY.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 22.— One of
the most successful Chautauqua as
semblies ever held on this coast closed
at this place to-day after an unusually
busy two weeks' session. The board
of managers feels that never before
has the work of the Chautauqua been
given such an impetus toward greater
progress on the Pacific Coast.
To-day was given up mainly to Evan
gelist Sam Jones of Georgia, two lec
tures being delivered by him for the
final "Forum Hour." The subject un
der discussion was "Sloyd Manual
Training." The classes and schools
held their final session this morning,
having completed brief but creditable
courses along all the lines undertaken.
While the work of the assembly
closed to-day the final exercises will
occur to-morrow, and the day will be
one of the most interesting of the
Chautauqua term.
PERISHED IN THE NORTH.
VICTORIA, July 22.— M. Perlman and
11. R. Hanson returned to Victoria from
Dawson las! night. They started in I*%
from San Diego, Cal., with a party of
fourteen, of whom only five remain.
"Bob" Johnson died from blood poison
ing, resulting from a broken arm. on
White Pass; Eric Armstrong committed
suicide, Dow and another died from ty
phus fever at White l.orse and the re
mainder died at Dawson.
The two men have struck it rich and
are worth $250,000. They will take back a
steam thawing machine.
Body of Ellis Recovered.
FORT WRANGEL, Alaska, July 10.—
The body of John E. Ellis, late engineer
on the . steamship Golden Gate, was
found near here last week. Ellis was
drowned on May 2S, while attempting
to go aboard late at night. He was
about 3."> year_u>ld and hailed from San
Francisco.
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring us the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip, tilt, -waver or pinch.
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phone
Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ HnT VAPH' CAPPARA7w -
wr ... KHOTUi- SCIENTIFIC
642 Market St. instruments
UADIR CHOniCll SuiiD'**'-
(g*\ BT__ • Tl " ,e ,w ' ,J '^ f
Sano-Rios^
ano-Rio^
THE HOME remedy SSta-TlrtS
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if Ihe? *il
YTT«ng. Fcr «11 these pains, irregularities find difficulties no
remedy on ear. C„ nn Ilm Easily applied by lady her-
equa-st_-.-fair.ou_ri -Kill self. Relieve* ull pain
_&_}_¥&_ 1° Womb or Ovaries In 10 minute*.
ffffW^j Prompilr relieves Headache, Xausea, Bloo*J and
RVraH Bladder iraublej, F.nntnr. s, Nervousness, fear
BBpSTMH * nd Pr^po nd<-ncy. ) Cure* Leucorrhira, Wor ..
&A~ HI Complaints. Displacements, ll..rtarhr, B.C. nig
IfA^J^ 'SS t*.«vn Pains ai:d ull Frimle Disorders. > __gT5k
_^*k^* Boreness and tlcerat*on**^__^p^\
Q . *^,*^/^*v<*'' * the uplrita uid Vitalises K?.!.*^
* "^^^- the "rhole frame. Safe, Sum- and
Aboolntely linrmlriu*. One 50 c'nt bos will
cobdM* a cure in ordinary cases.
STOP? A I I PAIM I* 0, ' 1 * BY ALT. DHUGGISTS.
0 I xif 0 ALL I Alii lor mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 0 MIHU !CO Tl*. Perteete Co.fajton *t!de. CUcat*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Fharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
9<%K^*^^^'%^b<^^^%^«k^^-^_^«^^ r @
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A Cfy 10EliaSZElSI.tet.6:hS?.h,S.P.C:J. i
\ qg The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
G -.ui'J-J^— Wo^d. Weaknesses cr any conrractetl A
jKSgM disease p»-«lti»»-ly cured hy the oldest T
§ fg Si 1 i'PC'aiistCß the Coast l.st- 36 years #
itf^Kft OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
WMJHjKfI Consultation free and strictly private \
I jKwt H "^" itment personally rr by letter. A A
RJy B lM ''"'e Cure in every case undertaken. T
OX If nQ. W for Book. PBILOHUruVcfi
II II MAURI* OK. MAILED FREE. (Af
A ji 11,,' valuable book for men) i
f dk Jordan * CO.. 107*1 Market St., S. F. T
II? DBSIM'O FOR EITHER SEX.
ft»£. PnUW OThin remedy being in-
' ' .Jected directly to the
_flft " _\ft_ seat of those diHea_.es
g! ni 0« B™ of tho Genito-Urinary
S— Hra| Meat of requires no
G * I ™ Of the <-«'_i:to-I rin:ir .
Mj In Orfrrnx, renuircs no
Eja C& Dim change of diet- Carr
x&ti ■ .-..-•■ V_£*j gnaranteoti in 1 to 3
— - fay. Mmall plain pack-
OfT W "_ps aee. by mall, SI.OO,
W *«= JBBMold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agent*.
114 Kearpy et.. Sac Franclaco, Cat
DTJTTQIJirQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDXIU OIIUIJ t?, bootblacks*, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mlllj, foundries, laundries, paper-
hin_rers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento 3i
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINLNT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS BO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS. THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
BAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W, Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ' North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. j Sunday Stations. Sunday s«r. .
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton i 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am; 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm *:13 pm
10:40 am 5:3» inn Fresno 5:30 am 2:42 pm
11:88 am 7:45 pm Hanford ; 7:45 ami 1:43 pnl
2:23 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Yi.alia , 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare I 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St.,
San Francisco,
RAILBCAD TRAVEL. .
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE . EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH- SLEEPERS FROM' ST. LOUIS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
V*a New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington, i
reaching ail the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE, |
A. G. P. A., A. G. P A.,
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAB FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; I__:SS,
1:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thurcdays— trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Entra' trips at I:6*
and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 3:33,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a m. : 12:45,
3:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. tn.
BUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a m.; 1:40, 8:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park ;
same schedule as abova. " : -'' -',
Leave I Arrive .
Ban Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco. |
. ! April 16. L— -. —
Week Sun- 1»99. I S*-ji- Week
Days. days. Destination. ' ' Jays. Days, ,
T:3O am B:oCam| Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am: Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:25 am '
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm ( 8:80 pox ;
- i ' _^— j
i Fulton,
%-M am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg, ;-. .-?
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:85 pm 6:80 pm
T:M am | Hopland and j 10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am| "Ukiah. i 7:35 pmj 6:2opm
T:3oani| 110:85 am
j 8:00 amj Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ,10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm ! Glen Ellen. | 6:03 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am, Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:30 pm 5:00. pm < I 7:85 pm 6:20 pm j
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs*; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake- j
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy |
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel j
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, |
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. •
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, j
Boonevllle, Phllo, ' Chrlsttne, . Soda Springs, j
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River, !
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort. Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts. -Laytonvllle, Cum- j
minx's, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. I
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday* round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .'ffßj&_\
Ticket Offlces. 630 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manarer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1599.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 pm.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Asrts.. 621 Market «_.
BAILBOAD TBAVKL.
■•VTHKRN |-A«:ir«: COW I" AWT.
(pacific SYSTEM.)
Trals. ln»T«' nuil nrv ilu« to arrlre *»•
NAM ■'•( l*< «».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leavb — From June 25, 1899. — arkiv*
7:0Oa Benicia Sulsun and Sacramento.... 5:43 1*
7iOOa MarysTilie. Urotilloat'd Redding t<s
Woodland »:43p
7iOOa Elmira. Vacaville and Rumsey »:45»
?:a<»A Martinez, .Sun Raman, Valiejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Hint* Rosa Silitr
■iOOa Atlantic Express, Og.len and East.. 9i43a
SittUA San .lose, Livermore, Htocktou,
lor.c, Sacramento: riacerrllle,
Mi.iysTille, Cllico. Red llliiff «il»i»
BilH»a •Milton, Oak.laln and Sonora «:l!ir
•<itOA Yosemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese * > > •"»*
•:00a H:iywar;lB, Niles and Way Stations. 8 1 :43__
•»OOa Martinez, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton.
Merced onl Fresno IS:I3V
»:»«A Fresno, UakerslieM. Santa llnrlmra,
Los ADgeles. Deming. El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45*
10:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.1*
1 1 tOO a Havwards. Niles and Way Stations. 2: l._ r
13tOO]t Niles, Livermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia
Porterrille 4:11*
•l:OOr Sacramento IJiTorStesniers *•»••*
8:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 3:43»
4:OOr Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga. Santa Rosa SilO*
4ioor Benicia. Vacaville. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTilie, OroTillo 10-.lfJ*
4:SOp Nilea Son Jose aud Stockton ~:l:*p
4:30r Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:1
•:••_* The Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. I»:4Ua
«i3op Stocktoa, Merced, Fresno 12:1 3*
■(SOr Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojave and Los Alleles Btfi)a
B:30p Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojare ami East 0:4 1
OtOwp Chicago-San Francisco Special. Ogden
and Hast «t4s*
•:OOp Haywards, NilesandSan Jose 7:15 a
•0:00 Vallejo 12:19*
7:OOp Oregon J-X|>reas,.Sacrnnientn, Marys-
ville. Iteddiuc. Portlautl, Fnget
Sound East 7il*A
}M:OOp Vallejo. Port Cc-3ta and Way 8t»-
-tlons tlO:51)>
COAST DIVISION (Harrow (iaage).
- - -- (Foot of Market Street.) _
ftiGix Santa Cniz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {8:4199
• :13 a Newark. Centerrilic.flan Jose.Felton.
Boulder Creek.Santa and Way
Stations 5:50»
*Silsr Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder CtOek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations '10:30 a
4Ul9r San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion*. 9:20 a
Mil3p Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Siv
■ tious /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma SAN rikMlSCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:03 13:00
•4:00 J5:00 •6:Cop.«i.
FrtßOiiUHD— foot of Bro»dw«T.— "fi:oo 8:00 10:00 a. K.
■ 112:00 *1:00 t2:00 «3:03 tl:00 .-5:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
j •0:1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. •«:J«r
*7:OOa San Jose nnd Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •8«OOa
t7:30.i Sunday Fxcursion for Santa Cruz.
Pacifio Grove and Principal Way
Stations tS«33»
•iOOa San Jose, 'J'res Pluos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso RobUs, flan
Luis Olilspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Statiniis 4:10p
I 10:4Oa San Joseand Way Stations 0:03 a
11i30a San Jose and Way Stations l-.Axxr
*2:43pflan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Polo Alto, Santa Clara, flan J use.
Hollister. Santa Ones, Salinas.
Monterey cud Pari Grove *I0:38A
*S«3op San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grots
and Principal Way Stations «7:30p
*l:l3p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•5:00 p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:33 a
3:30 p gan Jose an.l Principal Way Stations *B:<>oa
0:: tOp San Jobs ami Way Stations 9:30r
«Jjj43p San Jose and Way Stations t7:3Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. {Sunday only. t Saturday onljt
tfialurdar and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a, in.
•1:43, 3:20, 4:00 *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »9:00, '10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a.
m. : 1:00.- '1:45, '2:30, »4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked f») run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:2S. '6:40, 7:55, 8:40. '10:20
a m.: 12:30. 2:15, '3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Paturdavp. at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. •'
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, 'S:00, '9:45, •10:4.", '11:4*
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. '3:30, '5:15, '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:3_*
a m.; 12:35. 2:45. 4:35. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.: 12:0o.
1-20 2:40 3:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stains.
8-20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
. . Point Reyes and way. stations.
8-00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1-45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
. ' —^
0 00000000 OO 0
|«- PALACE '■-■!' o
GRAND hotels
ff f. BAH FFIAHCISCO. q
™ Connected by a covered paesa^reway.
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo w: h Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE?: " O
O European Plan. § 1.00 per day and upward O
A American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward n
O Correspondence Solicited. 9
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Xanagsr. O
000000000000000000
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
INDEPENDENT
FORESTERS ON
TROLLEY CARS
Novel Procession of
Electric Coaches.
— — ♦ — ■
FIRST HELD IN THIS CITY
♦
DELIGHTFUL MOONLIGHT TRIP
TO THE CLIFF.
♦
Astonish the People With Cheers.
Red, White and Blue Fire.
A B.i 11 by the
Ocean.
_ — _*.
Last night the local courts of the In
dependent Order of Foresters, nineteen
in number, gave a trolley party, the like
of which was never before scon in San
Francisco. Tho affair was arranged by
the board of district deputy high chief
rangers, composed of the following
:
«7. F. Stewart. Court San Francisco: J. II
V.'iley, Court Golden Gate: John H. Hansen,
Court Endeavor: James Hurry, Court Oolden
Fra: J. U. Knudson. Court Diana: ].. A. Kern.
Court Mission: ii. Brunhofer, Court Xoe Valley:
C. Muller. Court Precita; F. W. Gelger, Court
Alcyone: K. H. Howell, Court Acacia; H. T.
7*l >>. I'ourt Kriar Tuck; J. A. Horn. M.D."
*'.iurt Apollo; G. I-. Withers, Court Madrone;
H S. Buckley, i'ourt Point Lobos: M. B. Sco
-11-1.1. Court Sunset: 17. X. Cameron. Court Seal
Rock: Thomas !'. Jarvis. Court Southern
Heights; W. 1. Avery, Court Yerba Buena: O.
C. Pratt. Court Golden Cate Park.
Th. wore nineteen cars in the pro
cession, a number of them starting from
Kentucky and Eighteenth streets and the
others £rom the power-house at Mission
and Twenty-ninth streets. The first sec
tion ran out to Sixteenth and Railroad
avenues and then proceeded to the ferry ...
while tho oilier ran down Mission street*
to tho processional starting point on East
street near Market.! There the several
cars, led by the palace street-. ar llcr
mosa, were formed in line, all being deco
rated on either side with electric lights
or parti-colored lanterns, and live of the
number had in addition transparencies
bearing the name of the order in large let
ters. The procession; headed by the car
named, in which rode High Chief Ranger
<;. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles and Mrs.
McElfrosh, Vice High i 'iii. Ranger
Charles S. Peery of this city and Mrs.
Peery. High Conductor O. S. Cooper of
Vallejo an*l Mrs. Cooper. Deputy Supreme
High Chief Ranger E. A. Ma* and .Mrs.
Mack, Mr and Mrs J. A. Mathias, Miss
Hollo Murray, .71. 1.. White, J. J. Xeu
bartb and Mrs. Neubarth; Mrs. George J.
Strong and Jacob Label of the American
Forester Review, was followed by cars in
which were the members: of the various
courts already named.
Thjre were members and friends of
Courts Acacia and Alcyone in one car:
Mission in one car; Mission and San Fran
cisco in another: Madron. in one car:
Seal Rock in one car: Diana in one car;
Friar Tuck in one ear; Yerba Buena in
one car: Golden Gate in one car: South
ern ■_■.-.- in four cars; Southern
Heights and Precita in another car: Seal
Kock. Sunset and Point Lobos in on* car
and Golden Era in the last car. Hundreds
of people boarded the cars at the starting
point and amid a blaze of red. whit* and
biue tire the procession moved up Mis
sion street to Third, crossed Market to
Kearny and then went on out that street
as far as Paeilic, when it was switched
back to Mission and out that street to
Fourth, across Market street again and
tl n out the Ellis street line to tile Cliff
House terminus of the electric cars.
All along the line the walks were
crowded with people who watched the
strange procession and r/any responded
with cheers to the cheers of the trolley
riders. There were a great number of a -
dies in the party, which, it was estimated,
numbered nearly nine hundred.
Leaving the cars at the terminus the
members of the party went to the large
pavilion near by. where there was danc
ing until midnight: and those who did not
care to dance wandered along tho ocean
beach and enjoyed the pleasure of a
grand view of the ocean by moonlight.
Tiie affair was a great success and was
well managed; although for a time a part
of tin regular traffic of street cars was
Interrupted
Benjamin Leipsic Sentenced.
Benjamin Leipsie, who in July of 180*1
Ftole SUm from Mary Feeney, was sen
tenced to five years in San Quentin prison
lor the offense by Judge Lawlor yester
day. Leipsie was convicted of embezzle
ment, the money having been intrusted to
his keeping, but he appropriated it to his
own use.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ITCH
ING
SKIN
Itching Scalp, and every kind
of itching and irritation in-
stantly relieved by a warm
bath with
and a single anointing with
CUTICURA, purest of emol-
lients and greatest of skin
cures.
' Thin is the most speedy, permanent
ami economical treatment for every
form of distressing irritations as well
as for torturing, disfiguring, itching,
burning, bleeding, scaly, pimply and
crusted skin, scalp and blocd humors,
•with loss of hair.
Sold throughout the world, Prlre. CI'TICCRA
BOAF. Mc; i i rfCtTRA OINTMENT. 60c POT.
TEB DRUG AM' <:HKM. COUP.. Sole Props.,
Huston. "How to Cure i..'*ry Humor," mailed free.
ROYAL BENGAL TIGER OF
THE CHUTES DIES SUDDENLY
DEATH WAS SWIFT BUT NOT ENTIRELY UNEXPECTED.
— 3 HE royal Bengal tiger at the
Chutes is dead. The monster of
the jungle had been suffering
f)[ for two months past with lung
complications, an.l last evening about
6 o'clock lie writhed in the agonies of
death and soon passed into the bright
beyond. Enough of he sea fogs that
sometimes envelop the Chutes sifted
into the big Zoo and planted the seeds
of deadly lung disease, and the royal
Bengal tiger soon began to weaken
SHE SPENT HER
HONEYMOON IN
DURANCE VILE
Tribulations of Mrs.
James Steele.
— «. —
WEIRD ADVENTURE OF A BRIDE
. — _ « —
SOUGHT CONGRATULATIONS AND
ACQUIRED A ROSY JAG.
*
The Reason That a Lonely Bride
groom Sits Sad and Silent Amid
the Stillness of a De
serted Home.
♦
. _■ -J
There are many ins and outs of married
life that bachelors wot not of. But they
ar*> not of the sort now being experienced
by Mrs. James B. Steele of 307. N'oe street.
Mrs. Steele was out; she is now in, and
likely to main so for some time unless
her husband and sum.- clever attorney
come to t •
Mrs. Steele was a Miss Nash up to two
days ago. then submitting to the blandish
ments of Steele she linked her future with
his and took up her residence at SO3 Noe
street. Now -Steele is keeping house for
himself, awaiting the time when the law
shall relinquish its grasp on his bride and
allow her to go forth from the prison cell
where she now languish! It all came
about in the following fashion:
Mr. ami Mrs. Steele started out to call
on their many friends and receive those
congratulations which they knew would
be theirs as soon as their acquaint
were made aware of the new relation that
existed between them. They called at
many places, and nowhere were they dis
appointed. No; only did they receive Con
gratulations" but other things which are
generally put up in black bottles were
showered upon or into them as well,
These did not mix with the humidity of
th.- atmosphere; and the result was that
which in the vernacular ol the day is
known as a "rosy jag" was acquired by
both the groom and his tender bride.
The jag of Mr. Steele, was merely an or
dinary'; everyday one. thai had none of
the ornate trimmings which go so far to
make these peculiar; incidents events in
the life of the average mortal. Bui Mr
Steele made up for all that was lacking
In her husband. With her intoxication
came a hallucination which made her
Imagine that every passing woman was
trying to steal from her her newly ac
quired treasure. To this she naturally ob
jected ami. being a woman of many eccen
tricities, she showed her displeasure by
sitting on the hist doorstep she came to
ami refusing to budge,
birsl her husband tried gentle means.
He coaxed, petted and pleaded. His
spouse was obdurate. Then he hardened
his heart and tried force. The wife -it" his
bosom opposed him in kind, and the re
sult was ■■■ mix-up that blocked the street
with an applauding crowd and required
two officers and a patrol wagon to quell.
Arriving at the station Mrs. Steele was
booked for being obfuscated, and refusing
to remain quiet was cast into interior
darkness to ponder over the bobtail flush
thai fate had dealt to her. ■■■
Her husband was not held, and unheed
ing the appeals of his spouse departed to
bis lonely home, where he now sits be
side the deserted hearth, conjuring up
p.n infn! mental pictures of the uncertain
ties of matrimony.
The past -week has boon the "banner :
week" for ilea of Ol; mpia Music Boxes. |
Many happy households rejoice in the
possession of one. The Mauvais Music j
Co., 709 Market street, has a full line. *
Rathbone Sisters.
Mrs. Ada E. Merguiro. grand chief of
the Rathbone Sisters, assisted by District
Deputy Grand Chief Mrs. M. F. Chlon
'.•■,. .is grand manager and Mis:-- Nellie
Kein as grand senior, installed the follow
ing officers of San Francisco Temple No. •
11- for the -current term: Mrs. S. P. Dag
gr-tt. P; Ci: Mrs. Ida E. Mercredy. M. E. j
C: Miss May Dunn. E. S. : Mrs. D. Rob
ertson! E. J.; Mrs. M. R. Purdie, M.: Mrs. :
E. A. S.-honeld. M. of P.. and C: Mrs. I*.
E. Noble. M.of I-'.: Mrs. A. C. Terry, P.; !
Mrs. E. B. Dwight, G." of T. ; Mrs. May
Kidd. organist. After the ceremonies W.
.1 Beatty, on behalf of the temple, pre
sented to" the retiring M. E. C. a beautiful
jewel of the tar,;-, of past chief, after
which then was a social hour and re- 1
freshments were served to a large number
of members and visitors. The temple
starts out under the new administration
with good prospects for advancement,
having received four members by initia
tion and two applications.
'•Cars stop ere," this Is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum dues it for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
Rebekahs Install.
The last of the officers of the Rebekah
lodges for the current term were installed
last night. They were those of California
Lodge X" 1 and were inducted into office
by District Deputy President Mrs Hattie
Duley. assisted by Mrs. Cora Corbetl as
marshal. The new officers are: Alice
Hall, P. N. G.; Pauline Harris, N. G.;
Mr; . M. M. Rei d. V. G.; Mary A. Haw
ley. F. S.: Minnie Homeir. R. S.; Annie
i_<-wis. T. ; Mrs. F. Burgman, H.. and Mrs.
A. Nelson. J.. S. to X. <:.: Mrs. R. Max.
R. and Mrs. A. ( diner, L. S. to V. G.:
Mrs. j:. Sl de, YV.: Miss S. Harris C. The
past worthy grand was presented with
a fine jewel. Dancing followed.
• ♦ ■
Ladles' tailor-made stilts, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post at.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 23. 1899.
and wither in its grasp. His. end was
hardly unexpected, but Manager Levy
did not realize that it would come so
suddenly. All day yesterday the sick
monster paced up. and down in his nar
row cage and displayed more anima
tion than he , had for days. About 8
o'clock the tiger stopped suddenly in
his nervous pace, leaped savagely at
the bars of his cage, gave a dying roar
that rumbled like thunder through the
big building and then rolled over on
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF ODD FELLOWSHIP
THE PROJECT OF THE CELEBRA
TION OUTLINED.
It Will Last Three Days and Have
Many Features— A Souvenir
Badge Adopted.
At the meeting of Odd Fellows' Golden
Jubilee committee last night there was a
large attendance and unusual Interest
manifested in the celebration;
The decoration committee, through
Chairman L. G. Schord, reported that it
had decided to decorate Mechanics' l'a
vilion. the I. O. O. F. building and such
halls and headquarters as would be re
quired during the celebration; that certain
portions of Market street be decorated
with American flags and flags and em-
THE SOUVENIR BADGE.
■ .. .
i blems of the order representing '.he sub- •
j ordinate lodges, encampment brancn,
i patriarchal branch and Rebekah lodges;
i that a banner be placed across Market
! street, and that a welcome arch be erect
. cd. The port was adopted.
I ! it was practically decided that the first.
i day shall be devoted to a reunion, prom
! enade concert, addresses by the Governor i
\ of tin State and Mayor of the city, to
| gether with appropriate literary and ran- j
I sical exercises; that twelve booths be |
1 erected in the Pavilion as headquarters for j
I different branches of the order, such I
| booths to bo continued during the celebra
tion; that the second day be devoted lo
j a parade and competitive drills by can
i tons of tin- Patriarchs Militant and Re-
I bekah Degree Corps, and that the third
j day lie devoted to a picnic at El Campo •
! during the day and a ball In this city in
I the evening.
A souvenir badge, for which a patent
has been applied, was submitted by H. S.
I Winn and adopted. it shows the em-
I blems of the order, a portrait of S. 11.
I Parker, who was the first grand master of
j California and first grand patriarch of the
: jurisdiction.
\V. H. Barnes was appointed chairman
I of the press committee, and the informa
• tion committee reported that it had ar-
I ranged to have a postoffice at headquar
j ters. Rules governing the sub-committees
| were adopted:
A number of contributions were report
■ cd. one being from a Rebekah lodge, the
i first thai had made a donation, as this
i branch of the order has not been called
i upon for funds.
I The following are the contributions lo
| date:
California No. I. $250; Verba Buena No. 15,
$7770; Magnolia No. 7.-. $100; Bay City No. 71.
57.70; - ,i Hen Adhem No. 112, $100; Germania
N*i. US, $50: Concordia No. 122, $50; Apollo No.
■ 123. 5150; Unity No. 131. $100; Pacific No. 155,
$200; Ophir No. 171, $75; Occidental No. 179.
$100; CosmoDOlltan No. 194. $!00: Golden Gate
No 204 $50; Alto No. 20.7. $100; Franco-Ameri
can No. L'i'7. $100; Fidelity No. 282, .177; Morse
No. 7.77. $.70; Western Addition, $100; Excelsior
! No. 210, .50; Golden West No. 322, $150.
, j ENCAMPMENTS.
•I- Wild No. 23, $50; Unity No. 26; $50: Oriental
. ' No. 57," $250: Grand Encampment. $200; Napa
• I No. IS, $25; Observatory „ No. 23, $10:
Solano No. 122, $30: Sonoma No. 28,
$5; Petaluma No. 20. $10: Olive No. 81, $20;
Cherokee No. !>2, $5; Crusade No. 93, *27; Hor-
I nitos No. 99. $5; Valley No 107, $15; Oho No.
j 110, $5; Mission Peak No 114, $20; Oakland No.
! JlB, $50; Sycamore No. 129, $10: Garden City
i No. 142, $20; Ocean View No. it:;, $5; Wlldey
No. 141* $20: San Joaquin No. 151. $15; Independ
ence No. 158, $10; San Benito No. 159. $10;
Mound No. 106. $20; St. Helena No. 177. *2":
I Monterey No. 182, $20; Fresno No. 186. $20; Clov
erdale No. 193, $5; Fountain No. 198, $25; Marin
No. 200 $50; M* reed No. 208. $10; Meridian No.
212, $10; Stellar No. 213, $10; Elmira No. 214.
$10: Livermore No. 219. $20; I^aguna No. 224,
$10; Pescadero No. 226. $10; Central No. 229,
.<:.; True Fellowship No. 238, $10; Phoenix
No. 229, $25; Garcia No. 24", $1S; Mountain
View No. 214, $10; Eompoc No. 24*. $5;
River No. 256, $1; San Mateo No. 267. $2.7; Gram!
Island No 266, $10: Porter No. 272. $40: Elk
Grove No. 274. $20; B idle No. 279, $10; Redwood
No. 2SI. $10; rtidgely No. 294, $10; Martinez No.
2:i7 $10; Santa Maria No. 302, $10; Tulare City
No. ;.,,-, $10: Camptonvllle No. 307, $4 93; Santa
Paula No. 314. $10; Serine Valley. $5: Crockett
No. 329. $40: Madera No. 327. $10: Central Call
fornia No. 343. $10: Clements No. 355. $5; San
I Fernando No. 365. $5: Mount Campbell No. 374,
i $7- .Sanger No. 777. $2 50.
ENCAMPMENTS.
Marvsville No. 6. $5; Kolsom No. 24. $5; Relief
No. 29. $5: Golden Hal" No. 34, $100; San .lose
No. ... $10; Mount Moriah No. 38, $25: Occi
dental No. 42. $20: Tahoe No. 45, $6; Sari Joaquin
No. 4.;. .-,; Olive No. 79. $5; Mount Whitney No.
82 $5; Benicia No. 96, $10; Verdant, $5.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Ada H. Maulsby has sued A. F. Maulsby
for a divorce, alleging desertion as cause
of action. Fritze Ellis has sued Hyman
Ellis for a divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide.
Rag-Time Hayes and Tamales
At Kapp A Street's Tamale Grotto nightly. •
his side and died.
The tiger was. perhaps one of the
most interesting and valuable attrac
tions in the Zoo. lie was of the
double-striped variety and was cap
tured about nine years ago in India.
Wombwell, the noted showman, im
ported the royal Bengal to England.
Frank C. Rostock of Boston bought
him from Wombwell, and he In turn
sold him to the Chutes for $1500. Ne
gotiations are already being made by
the managers of the. Chutes for the
purchase of another tiger.
BELIEVED TO BE DROWNED.
Albert Firot Thought to Have Suc
cumbed to the Breakers.
All evidence points to the drowning yes
terday of Albert Firot of this city In the
breakers off the Olympic pier below the
Cliff House.
About 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon a
passerby discovered near the pier the
coat, vest, cap. nickel watch and chain
of an individual who was seen to have
gone swimming some time before.
The police were notified and ii was as
certained that the personal property be
longed to Albert Firot, a young man who
had been observed preparing for a swim
in the breakers.
The supposition of the police at a late
hour last night was that the young fellow
had been seized with cramps or had he
come exhausted by his tussle with the
breakers and had been carried out to sea.
Firot who was a painter, was drinking
at Miramar Villa with four friends during
the afternoon and boasted of his swim
ming abilities. Ib undressed and went
Into the surf. He was seen to throw up
his hands and disappear.
Charles P. Glocker, formerly connected with
the stationery business, will leave California
permanently to accept an offer ln the same
business.
CLAIMS HE HAS PROOF
OF SOUL'S IMMORTALITY
NEW FORK, July 22.— 'A Journal cable
from Paris says: Camille Flammarion
said to-day:
"My studies have led me to the dis
cover; of a new proof of Immortality.
'this proof is based upon my experience.
For convenience sake let us call it an
experimental demonstration of the im
mortality of the soul. Man- di. Years
pass. 1 then talk to his spirit, under
circumstances which admit bf no decep
tion. Am I not tight in concluding there
is a spirit world and that the spirit lives
after Its separation from the body?
"I have had. direct communication with
hundreds of parted spirits.
"Hitherto all proofs of a future life
have been based upon logic, justice and
the spirit. of humanity, but there was no
positive demonstration. Now I have
something positive in the way of proof
which even the severest science cannot
reject. I also prove positively the exist
ence of a God.
"Men like the deceased Ingersoll can
not scoff at my positive demonstration in
argument. Founded on my experience of
the invisible world. I am absolutely cer
tain an Invisible world exists and that it
has many unknown forces."
Horseshoers Form a Union.
SAN RAFAEL, July 22.- The horse
shoers of this county met in the gymna
sium of the San Rafael Athletic Club this
evening and formed a union under tin.
auspices of the State Horseshoers' Union
to keep uj) prices and fight transient shops
that locate in Marin County merely to
obtain a share of the summer trade. The
trade in summer is very large,, but the
"transients." as they are termed, make
a big Inroad on th* revenue. John Mc-
Laughlin was chosen president and John
Redmond secretary of the union.
Special Sale
Huckaback Towels
Size 18x36 inches, pure linen, extra heavy
weight with fancy red and white striped ends
j&\jC each
HOSIERY
There will be a special value for you in our
hosiery department tomorrow morning— a sale
of ladies black lisle lace open work hose, with
spliced heels and toes, color positively fast;
price is extraordinarily low —
v9 Ca P air
Summer Corsets
A closely boned and perfect fitting corset,
made of figured pique' in pink and lignt blue
on a white ground, trimmed with lace and rib-
bon for
$1
A a pair
125 to 131 Kearny St.
GAME OF POLO
FOLLOWS RACES
Day of Sport at Santa
Barbara.
— —
GAYETY FOR THE TEACHERS
— ♦ —
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA SOCI
ETY REPRESENTED.
♦
Exciting Finishes to the Two Horse
Race for the Arlington Hotel
Trophy- for th©
Trotters.
Special - Dispatch to Th* Call.
SANTA BARBARA, July 22.—
National Educational Association week
at Santa Barbara was brought to a fit
ting close by the .exciting and well
contested races and polo game at the
Agricultural Park to-day. All of the
counties around were represented.
Francis T. Underhill drove a magnifi
cent four-in-hand of sorrels, and Wil
liam Oothout Jr. and Charles Stillwell
divided honors for. the best tandems.
Among the spectators were Judge
Daingerfield of San Francisco and his
mother, D. Stephenson, Mrs. Stephen
son and Miss Rice of Los Angeles; Mr.
and Mrs. Norman J. Stewart of Aro
mas, Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Norman of
San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. William
Oothoul and Mr. and Mrs. Francis T.
Underhill of New York. J. A. Boyd of
Los Olivos and many others of the no
tables of Santa Barbara and vicinity.
Dr. Park ami his young son rode ovei
from Montecito and Dixey Thompson
loomed up on his $5000 saddle.
The events commenced with a trot
ting race of three-quarters of a mile
ami repeat between Otto Wood, alias
Mysterious Joe, owned by H. A. Wil
liams and driven by J. A. Cody, and El
Moro^ owned by H. T. R. Vail, and
driven by "Peachy" Manchaka. The
latter is a Directum horse, and the
former by Silkwood. out of Racotta.
The first heat was won by El Moro in
1:47 by ten lengths, Ottowood breaking
shortly after leaving the post. The
second heal was a repetition of the
first, except that El Moro won in a
walk by forty yards in 1:48. The stake
was $300 and quite a considerable
amount of money was won and lost.
The next race was for a trophy of
fered'by E. Dunn of the Arlington Ho
tel. The competitors were C. T. Thay
er's Gypsy Girl and Charles W. Ea
land's Rosebud. The terms were the
same as in the first race, viz.: three
quarters of a mile and repeat. The
first heat was very exciting and a close
finish resulted. Rosebud broke imme
diately after the start, but Mr. Ealand
pluckily hung on, caught his opponent
at the distance and came in a winner
by a head. The second heat was one
not frequently seen in matches. Rose
bud again broke shortly after the drop
of the Hag to an even start,, but Mr.
Ealand immediately began to make up
tii*' lost ground.
lie was rapidly lessoning the distance
between himself and the leader, when
his mare again broke and the heat
seemed irretrievably lost. Neverthless,
Mr. Ealand hung pluckily on ami at
the distance flag but a foot of daylight
separated Rosebud from the leading
sulky. Thou, with a rare burst of
speed, the game little mare caught up
to Gypsy Girl, ran neck-and-neck for a
moment, and passed the wire a scant
nose ahead. A tremendous outburst of
cheering greeted the winner, and Mr.
Ealand was seized by some admirers
and carried to the judges' stand.
A quarter-mile running race succeed
ed, between a horse owned by Mr. Cal
lahan and one owned by Mr. Ealand,
the former winning in twenty-five sec
onds.
The concluding racing event was run
after the polo game, in which Messrs.
Botner, Redington, Stillwell, Fernald
and Ealand took part, the competitors
riding their own polo ponies. The race
was a furlong dash and was won by
Mr. Betner in it seconds, C. W. Ealand
second and Reginald Fernald third.
The polo game was between two
scratch teams, [covering green and rod
sashes for contradistinction. The first
was composed of W. S. Betner of Riv
erside, Captain L. Redington, W. Colby j
and C. Stillwell. The rods consisted of
C. W. Ealand, Dr. Smith. F. Wilson
and J. Rogers. The members of tic- \
team not playing to-day are J. Fith- '<
ian. R. B. Fithian, R. Thomas and T. i
Belwood. The game to-day was a sort I
of dress rehearsal for the tournament
to take place at the Del Monte on Au
gust 26 between the Santa Barbara.
Riverside and Burlingame teams. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ _
...FOR...
mane _■ _■ _________ _______ _______ __________ _______ ■ HIV fl fl
During the balance of Julu we will offer,
at EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES, ELEGANT
MARSEILLES and SATIN BEDSPREADS, FINE
LACE CURTAINS, IRISH and GERMAN TABLE
DAMASKS, IRISH and GERMAN NAPKINS,
both Plain and Hemstitched i TURKISH
TOWELS, HUCK and DAMASK TOWELS,
Frinoed, Hemmed and Hemstitched i TOWEL-
INGS, CRASHES and GLASS LINENS; and ask
particular attention to our disnlau of ABOVE
LINES in our LARGE SHOW WINDOWS, with
PRICES MARKED ON EACH CLASS OF GOODS.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
local team has been out for practice r
but eight times and its showing: to-day i
was quite creditable, but it will have
to work hard before it can hope for.
success against such veterons as its
opponents.
Mr. Ealand would become a very fine !
player, but he lacks coolness, and his
play, though brilliant, is not steady. ;
Withal, his judgment is good and he is;
quick of decision in emergencies. Some j
of his drives were worthy of a veteran.
The first ten-minute period was a
very one-sided affair, the greens win- ■
ning three goals. Mr. Betner made a
remarkably well-aimed drive of thirty j
yards for one, and achieved the second
by a steady and scientific dribble over
half the field. The third was a "fluke"
hit by Stillwell. In this first hall of
the game the four greens were opposed
by practically only two reds. Ealand |
and. in a lesser degree. Dr. Smith, the
other two seeming to be everywhere '
where they should not have been. It is. j
however, only fair to them to say that j
the judge, Roland Thomas, appeared I
to greatly impede their efforts, possi- j
bly the result of Ignorance combined
v. ith a weight too heavy for his pony to j
carry.
The second half of the game was sig- '
nalized by the brilliancy of Ealand's j
play. Once, when a goal seemed im.
minent, he rushed in and carried the i
ball to the off .if the red goal, securing
thereby a free try which carried the j
ball into the enemy's ground and near
iv effected a goal.
Some of the drives in this half were
magnificent and had he received effi
cient backing or had the greens had a ,
less efficient player than Betner for
their captain, a win for the reds would
inevitably have resulted. As it was,
only the Vail of time saved the greens
from the loss of a goal. Mr. Betner is
coaching the Santa Barbara team al
ternately with Mr. Moore of Riverside I
and it is due to the efforts of these two
gentlemen that the Santa Barbarenos I
have achieved the progress they have.
Dr. Smith to-day gave an example of
good backing, as he followed Ealand's .
splendid drive from goal for thirty '
yards and dribbled the ball until
checked by Colby, the green goal
keeper.
To-day's game has aroused great in
terest in the sport among the residents •
of this city.
COMPLAINTS OF CANADIANS.
Object to the Seizure of Boats and
Fishing Nets.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 22.— There is
much indignation among Canadian salmon
fishermen at what they consider the arbi
trary action of the United States fishery
Officers in seizing a number of boats and
salmon nets, detaining the men at Blame
several days and confiscating the nets.
The cause is allege fishing in American
waters, which arc nine miles each side of
Point Roberts. Fishermen complain that
there are no buoys or lights to mark the
line.
it is claimed that the Americana are
pursuing the policy in retaliation for the
new alien laws, whicii prevent Americans
from taking out fishermen's licenses. The
Canadians also declare thai alien fisher
men are harrying the halibut banks In
British waters and destroying the indus
try. The Canadian Government is being
asked to put on a fast fisheries cruiser
and seize American poachers.
Trampled Upon by a Horse.
SAX QUENTIN, July 22.— Mrs. Ada
O'Connor, who lives at 12 Madison street,
San francisco, was severely injured in an
accident to-day while on a visit to rela
tives. She had just alighted from a cart
when the horse suddenly backed and
threw, her to the ground. The unfortunate
woman was unable to arise in time to «-
i.ii"' being trampled upon and . was
dragged from under the animal's feet In
an almost unconscious condition. Dr.
Casey, the prison physician, found that
two of Mrs. O'Connor's ribs were bro
ken. She Is* now confined to her bed, but
will be able to return home in two or
three weeks unless internal injuries were
received.
The Detroit News says last year a San
ilac .Mich.) man succeeded ln "growing to
matoes grafted Into a potato vine. This
year he is trying the experiment of graft
inc a rose bush on an apple tree.
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY. 1
*=£ \\ \ I*/ / PLATKS..S4.OO up 5*
'-i v \\V\r'Jf!v /V FlLLllfaB...2stnp2 »
H5 < *& H &3tfy^ CROWNS. $3. 50 np JJ»
'^S _>"t>U Jw^Cv^* years with each fc?
/ ft 'xvi'l^N Painle»» __xtPMti«»3c
JO ' fcA Iff By electricity our J2^
«t5 Open Evenings and Sundays. JJ"
§ VAN VROOM S
«_*■ ELECTRO-DENTAL PABLOBS, *G
*=2 997 MARKET, COR. SIXTH. 5*
~ HII 111 I 111 ill II ill ~
" I #■ VK I "
OR I 1 • -%M I OR
at - iiljSf-1 AT
A \ A
T ji^^^S j ' T
E *™^ ** W E
This big value for
this week only.
In solid oak or mahogany finish;
cobbler seat. A handsome,
comfortable chair.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSIOn STREET,
Above Slxtb-
Phone South 11. Open Evenings,
nopain^Knopain
UNTIL\~/30
AUG.I,99\/OWSONLY
20 per cent discount on all Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new
FLESIKOLORED PLATES
THINNER AND STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crowos $3.50. Plates $5. Hilling 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 SIXTH ST., COR STEVENSON. .
"" M^"""^___^_*
Oi 111 ■ ■ and Morphine Habits
■■ fl ffl I■* 11 cured at home. Write
_i _L__l 311 lill f°r full particulars
■ \ f* 9 * 1 IVI an,i baok f r««-
'> * $ ■'■ I 1 fl OP.OK CURE
\tW ■ 1%0 111 ■B. D. KIMMIII, 301 Turk
St., San Franii-00.Pages 11 to 20
>■ + + + + + + + + + + + *.+.*+.++.+.+.*,*
SAILOR SHOT DEAD ON
THE TRAINING SHIP
Tragic Story Was Hidden on the
Presidente Sarmiento.
While the Argentine Training-Ship Was at This Port
a Seaman Tried to Murder the U_aster-at=.4rms
and Was Killed — Weird Burial.
t-jry* STORY of exceptional local ,
II \\ interest, involving a tragic *
II — jY incident an.! the suppression ,
II \\ of even an insinuation of the j
facts, has just become public
property through information received j
I will be remembered j
a month i the P- esidente Sar
trainihg ship of the j
, was in the harbor,
■ 1 den were feted and
ies and individuals,
presenttives of the
• ■oming of the Presi
as an event of Un
as it was the first
- • tine hip of war had
■ arbor.
Whil. ' was in the harbor
ly nothing in its af
(l anything but a
ig and go.-d fellow
\v and apprentices
. i the best of terms
■ id th.' thought of a
was the last which
lie entertained. It
hat affairs nn board
nientn were not al
•eme'd and informa
ived that while the
bor n man was shot
facts of th- killing
the affair are f
interest. The man
■if death was the
• >he vessel. The man j
a sailor. Th» mas- ■
•hicf petty officer of
the executive duties j
ie acts as the' direct
the sailors and the
liny to instruct the
io], after the crew.
Sarmiento the mas
red to be a tnan who
st rigid 'discipline.
he was nut nfre
_.je men beneath him
and on more than one occasion earned |
their ill-will. Whai.-vcr the cause of
the fight between the sailor nnd the
master-at-arms" may have been, the
facts of the .combat itself are very!
clear. Four nights before the ship left:
•the harbor one of the sailors, a great, j
powerful. ilDtempered fellow, entered j
the cabin of the master-at-arms. The j
two men. it is said, had not been friend- j
lv for some time. In the journey to this j
port the master-at-arms had more
than once rebuked the sailor, and the
latter awaited his time for revenge.
On this particular night he believed
that it had come and. knife in hand, he
stole into the cabin of the master-at
arms. He beiieyed that his prospective
victim was asleep, and his belief cost
him his life. He approached the couch j
of the officer and raised his knife to
strike. As he did so the master-at- *
PRESIDENTE SARMIENTO, THE SCENE OF A BAY TRAGEDY.
arms drew a pistol that was within '
reach and fired. The sailor dropped
The tragedy created in uproar on :
board the ship. For awhile the officers
were at .7 loss to know what to do.
They 'lid not care to risk at; investiga
tion and with it the trial of the mas
ter-at-arms by the authorities of San
Francisco. This would mean an unwel
come delay, and the killing had been
don* 1 clearly in self-defense. Only two
of the officers; of the ship could speak
English, and they did so imperfectly. |
The decision was reached, therefore,
to ignore the authorities of San Fran?
Cisco, hide the evidences and all knowl- '
edge of the crime and crete the body
of the sailor until the ship put to sea.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
sailor had attempted deliberately to
commit murder, the officers of the ves
sel deciden to allow his companions to j
give him a naval funeral with all the |
honors due to a man-of-warsi
... space in the forecastle was pre- J
pared and was draped in black adorned
with white crosses. It made a weird
burial- chamber. None but the officers I
and crew of the ship were permitted '
j*^* V £___WSsse!& _^*& s^P ¥ M
to enter. The body of the sailor was
robed in white and draped with the
colors of Argentine. The vessel set sail
on June 19 for Honolulu. No one in
Pan Francisco had heard of the tragedy
on board. A man's life had been taken
where the authorities of this city have
jurisdiction, but no word as said. The
officers *.f the ship took the matter into
their own hands ami without the for
mality of a trial had exonerated the
man who had sent the sailor to death.
When the training ship was a day
<mt from this port it was decided to
bury the body of the sailor. All hands
were called on deck at 9:30 o'clock in
the morning. At a signal the ship's
band began to play a dead march. The
sailors marched in funeral procession.
carrying their dead comrade toward
amidships and resting it upon the gun
wale to await its final consignment to
the sea. A few words were spoken, a
lesson \\as drawn from the tragedy and
the body, canvas-cased, shot into th«
These particulars of the tragedy in
the harbor and the weird burial at s.->a
have just been received in a private
letter from Hon. -lulu.
ROBBED A SOLDIER,
"Cad" Williams, a Woman of the
"Tenderloin." Held for Grand
Larceny.
Cad Williams, a woman of the "ten
derloin." was yesterday held to answer
i before the Superior Court by Judge Con
lan in J^i-ioo bonds on a charge of grand
j larceny. Early last Sunday morning she
is alleged to have robbed Douis Frazer.'a
memix-r of the Oregon regiment, out of
i ?h0 In the saloon 20 Mason street, kept by
The woman was arrested last Monday
and was released on (1000 bond accept
«d by Judge Treadwell. The sureties were
Duff ?nl William Shannon . a saloon
keener at 24 Turk street. The bond ■ was
not handed to Bond Inspector Newman
: till yesterday morning and he at once told
Judge Treadwell thai it was worthless;
Both Shannon and Duff had been before
the Grand Jury on the straw bond ques
tion a few weeks ago. The Judge at once
issued a bench warrant for the woman's
arrest, but at the time she was in Judge
Qonlan's court and the bench warrant was
served on her in prison.
One of the principal reasons for the
continuance of the straw bund business
given by Attorney O'Donneil, who is em
ployed by he city to collect on forfeited
, bonds, is the habit of court clerks and
: Judges of keeping bonds in their posses
| sion instead of handing them over a 1 once
Ito the bond inspector. it has been the
i means of allowing criminals to escape
and is objectionable in every respect
HER HUSBAND BEAT HER.
Mrs. Hainque Files Suit for Divorce
for the Second Time.
Agnes M. Hainque filed suit for the sec- j
ond time yesterday for a divorce from her j
husband; Martial Hainque. the son of a
once prominent citizen, now deceased. j
Mrs. Hainque. who married her husband j
July 30, ISM. filed suit for divorce against I
him in November of jg96. In the com
plaint she charged him with extreme cru
elty, specific acts of beatings and abuse
being .-• I forth. The couple made up. how
ever, and the suit was dropped. Yester
day another suit on the same ground was
tiled by Mrs. !i : •■.. Ie who asks that, to
gether with ■■■. decree of divorce, she he
granted the custody of he*- two minor
children and- sufficient alimony for their
support. - 7 *;t
■ ♦ .
WILL ENJOY A FEAST.
Fourth of July Committee Decides to
Banquet Itself.
The banquet committee appointed at the
last meeting of the Fourtli of July com
mittee held a meeting last evening at the
office of Leonard Stone, in the Parrot!
building. Grattan D. Phillips was elected
chairman, Henri Ryan secretary and Dr.
<;. P. Backman treasurer, It was de
cided to give a banquet In honor of the
officers of the Fourth of July committee.
Leonard Stone. Dr. BacKman and T.
Robinson were appointed a committee to
wait on the leading caterers In the city.
Henry Ryan and W. A. Stevens were ap
pointed a committee on music and talent.
and the committees decided to Invite
Ma^or Phelan and the members of the
Board of Supervisors to attend the-ban
quet. .-'•'.
j The finance committee was Instructed to
make its final report at the meeting to be
held on Monday evening, July 24.
. It was decided to invite two representa
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1599.
MADDENED HORSE JUMPS HEADLONG
THROUGH A BIG PLATE GLASS WINDOW
Terror-Stricken Passers-by on Market Street Flee in All Directions.
Cjjr-^ BAY horse attached to a de-
I \\ livery wagon belonging to J.
Ij- — H. Cain & Co., commission
If \>merchants on Washington
streel. plunged through the
large plat* glass window in front of
the' Surprise clothing store at 1142 Mar
ket street yesterday afternoon. The
glass was shattered int.* a thousand
fragments and after the horse was
extricated from the debris in the win
dow It was found that he had sus
tained sever serious cuts. Th* horse
was taken to a veterinary hospital
and will live, though he had a * lose
.•all from bleeding to death.
tives from each of the leading newspapers
as guests *.n the night of the banquet.
President George R. Fletcher. Grand
Marshal Stephen V. Costello. Secretary
Robert W. Dennis and Treasurer James S.
Devlin are the gentlemen in whose honor
the banquet will be given.
EUREKA VALLEY NEGLECTED.
Proposed Consolidation of Improve
ment Clubs for Advancement. .
The early settlers of Eureka Valley
have awakened to the realization that
while they have been sleeping, so to
.-,..■ ,',.. the city has grown all about them.
With this growth came modern improve
ments while the valley behind the Mar
ket-street knob remained in its pioneer
state without progress or improvements.
To catch up with the progressive proces
sion it is now proposed to consolidate a
few of the improvement clubs In that
section and get Into the van of better
ment for streets, sidewalks and other
necessaries i,. which the residents may
be benefited and the vain* of property in-
The ' Market street and Eureka Valley j
clubs have consolidated and then is a
prospect of the west of < 'astro street
making a trinity by which the Interests
of all the people living In thai portion of
the city will be benefited by the move
ment. ,'__,'■■_ , I
One of the first acts of the consolidated j
club was to petition the Market Street
Railway Company for a better car serv
ice on Castro street, and also for a trans
fer service at Fourteenth and Market I
streets, between the Fillmore-streel line J
and thai of Castro street. Following tin's
the club wants Fourteenth and Fifteenth
streets graded and put In proper condi- ■
lion from Guerrero to Church; sixteen I
electric lights on Market street, between
Seventeenth and Valencia; a boulevard
continuing Dolores street from Market to ',
the park panhandle; a schoolhouse -at
Danvers and Eighteenth streets, and the
sprinkling of Market street from Valencia
to Seventeenth with salt water.
The officers of the new consolidated i
club are:. W. J. Cuthbertson. president; I
Thomas Quigley. vice president: W. E.
Dubois, secretary: John T. Quigley. treas
urer: P. Milstay, sergeant at arms: exec
utive committee— D. Barry. B. Joost. John
T. Quigley. R. H. Dalev and G. CJousrh;
finance committee. R. FT. Daley, J. Mc-
Laughlin and D. I. U'vatt.
Triduum in Honor of St. Ann.
A triduum in honor of St. Ann, the
mother of the Blessed Virgin, will be com
menced In St. Francis Church, Vallejo
street, this evening at vespers, and will
close next Wednesday evening. The pas
tor. Rev. T. Caraher, will preach this
evening upon "The Relics of the Saints.'
and on Wednesday evening upon "St. Ann
de Beaupre."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Hundreds of people were passing
along Market -tree* at the time, and
as the horse scurried along the side
walk and made the final jump a large
sized panic was created. Men. women
and children Hew In every direction
ami the wonder of it is that no one
was hurt. As it was two little boys
— Harry Trebel and Willie Summer
field-had narrow .scapes. Two ladies
who were looking In the windows
barely had time to get In the doorway
of the store when the horse dashed
by.
Just a few minutes before the acci
dent the horse became balky at the
GREAT THRONG
WITNESSES THE
CARNIVAL'S END
Audience of Seven
Thousand Present.
THE PRIZES ARE DISTRIBUTED
— •- —
M'MAHON AND KELLY WIN THE
CHAMPIONSHIP.
— ♦ —
Juvenile Artists Give a Final Exhi
bition—Nearly $500 Realized
for the California Sol
dier Boy Fund.
The cakewalk carnival Is a thing of the
' past, and the thousands of spectators who
; have thronged Mechanics' Pavilion every
night for the past week must now seek
other sources of amusement and enter
tainment. The wind up of the carnival was
fully as brilliant, as the opening, while the
attendance was greater by* far than on
; any previous night. Kig audiences have
been the rule, and there have been no ex
ceptions, but last night the spectators
swarmed into the mammoth building in
droves. Tiny filled the seats and the
'. aisles, crowded into the galleries four
deep, and even invaded the big band stand
'in their efforts to secure places from ,
i which they could view the spectacular
: panorama being enacted on the floor be
low. A conservative estimate of the. num
ber present is 7000. and every one of them
was equipped with a well developed pair
of lungs, which were kept working *11 the -
evening.
The uproar of applause began the mo
ment the grand pageant, headed by Mis.-:
Pearl Hickman as drum major, made its
entry, and there was hardly a moment
from thai time forward when some one
of the many cakewalkers was not receiv
. ing evidence of the approval of the audi
ence. The principal interest was. of
course, centered in the finals of the cham
pionship contest and in the juvenile art-,
ists' exhibitions.
The former was between J. Walker Cole
and .Miss Georgiana Brown, ami R. Mc-
Mahon and .Miss Annie Kelly. Each
couple was allowed ten minutes on the
floor to show what they could do. All
four had been on every night during the
week and those In the audience who had
seen them before thought they knew
about what kind of an exhibition to ex
pect, but they were shown some steps
that they had never dreamed of. Each
couple had something new to spring and
the applause that greeted their efforts
showed how well they were appreciated.
. The judges. after long deliberation,
awarded the lianasome diamond cham
pionship medal to Mr. McMahon and Miss
Kelly on the ground thai their exhibi- i
tion came nearer to being the genuine
i plantation cakewalk, hut they announced
! thai if the contest had been for the most
! graceful walkers the prize would have
• been awarded to Mr. Cole and Miss ;
I Brown.
The juveniles gave an excellent exhibi
tion, which was followed by a special con- j
I i.si between Harry Mangels and Etta
; Aronson. winners of the firsl prize Pri
■ day night, and Blanche Trelease and
Cladvs Montague. The judges awarded
1 the balm to the former couple, thus:
i clinching the decision rendered on the
I previous night. All the little folks were \
I then presented with prizes, those especial- :
i lv favored; in addition to the two couples \
above named, being Frankie Buttner and
Marguerite Cronin, Johnnie Mangels and
Cora Davis, Freddie Keene and Irene
Wilson.
The society amateur cakewalk was won
b> Harry Caro and Bernie Dougherty, John
and Margaret Steward, the colored cham
pions of ih*-. Pacific Coast, issued a chal
lenge to the winners of the professional
contest. The Stewards then gave an ex
hibition of the genuine article that
brought down the house.
The carnival closed with a grand pa
rade of the winners in the various con
tests and a social dance. The unqualified
success of the carnival has been a sur
prise to the general public, but it was not j
altogether .-* surprise to those who were
familiar with the enormous amount of
work In preparing for the affair which
was performed by . those having it .in '
corner of Sixth and Market streets
and the driver. Sam Tomsk., got off
the wagon to urge him along. The
horse kicked him In the stomach and
got one leg over th.. shaft. Tomsky
threw the reins to a passer-by and the
latter, becoming frightened, let go of
them and the horse dashed on the side
walk, which was crowded with people,
and made for the show window. The
terror-stricken promenaders fortunate
ly got out of harm's way.
"The plate glass is twelve by four
teen feet and is valued at $400. '1 wo
smaller showcases, which stood on the
sidewalk, were also broken In pieces
by the flight of the maddened animal.
Charge. To the executive ability ami
capacity for hard work possessed by
General Manager L. W. Buckley and the j
able assistance rendered by Chatles
I.*-, nhardt its success is due. It is an
nounced that Oakland is anxious to have
a cakewalk carnival, and negotiations
are now pending between Messrs. Buck
ley and Leonhardt ami person? acrosrf
the bay with that end in view.
Fifteen per cent of the box office re
ceipts were donated by the management
to the California soldier boy fund,
amounting to 146628. A committee eon- I
sisting of C. 1.. I'atton, chairman; Tirey |
1.. Ford, secretary; J. A. Fibber, treas
urer: Colonel Ernst Denicke. Genera! A.
W. Barrett and General R. Warfield
looked after the interests of the volun- j
teers, and Mr. Filcher, speaking for the
committee last night, expressed wanu
approval at the liberality of the carnival ,
management.
WILLIAMS' REPORT FILED.
Justices' Courts Cost More Money
Than They Made.
The annual report of Ed Williams, chief
clerk of the Justices' Courts, which was
tiled yesterday, is as follows:
Number .if civil suits filed during
year 6,437
Number of tax suits filed during
year 12.060
Total filed 18,497
Decrease in suits over previous
year 2,856
RECEIPTS
Fees collected and paid into
treasury $22,418 90
EXPENDITURES.
Salary of presiding justice $2.700 00
Salaries of associate justices 9.600 00
Salary of chief clerk 2,4 10
Salaries of four clerks and two
deputies 7,200 00
Salary of messenger . 1,060 .j
Total salaries $22,9. Oo
■ ♦ . ■
MAY WAS ANGRY.
Threatened to Throw Vitriol in Officer
Joy's Face.
May Moore, better known as "Blacl*
FratiKic," was rearrested last night on a
bench warrant issued from Police Court
1 and locked up in the City Prison. A
short time ago the woman was appre
hended on a charge of vagrancy. After
repeated continuances she failed to ap
pear yesterday when her case was called
and a bench warrant was Issued for her
arrest. When taken into custody by Po
lice Officer Joy she threatened to throw
vitriol in his face after declaring that sh<a
would never tie taken to jail. Joy clung
to her and finally landed her in the City
Prison. An examination of her clothing
failed to reveal the phial of vitriol which :
she claimed she had in her possession
and which she intended to use in marring
his beauty. .7 . ■'«..
. ♦ «
HAD HIS TOES CRUSHED
Jeremiah Whalen. a Laborer, Injured
by an Ellis-Street Car.
Jeremiah Whalen. a laborer living at
311 Brvant street, had two toes of. Ins
right foot crushed last evening by an
Ellis-street car. Whalen in some manner
lost his balance and fell off the car. H.
foot became caught in the Sid-- guard j
ami he was dragged for a considerable
distance before the car was stopped, In i
trying to extricate him from his position j
the motorman started tie ear, the front
wheel passing over the unfortunate roan's
toes. •■ '--• T ..:"-' ■'■'
He was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the Injured members wera
amputated.
- a
Th? Temperance Cause.
-
A preliminary meeting of the anti-liquor
people of San Francisco held at the resi- ;
dence of Mrs. Nicholas Morcum, 117 Jones
street, on Friday evening nt S o'clock was
well attended. 2 Steps were taken to or
ganize for work at the coming election.
Mr. Morcum was elected chairman and
G. B. Conanl secretary of the meeting.
Rev. E. G. Mathena spoke of enlisting the j
Young People's Christian Temperance
Union in the work, as they are working
to secure 1.000.000 pledged votes for that
party which will put an anti-saloon plank-
In its platform. Samuel Fear spoke of
the importance of electing a popular
leader Aas there is so much good material
in San Francisco which would be effective
under favorable circumstances. .Mis. 11.
S. Taynton, C. C. Schaeffel and Mr. Co
nant "were appoint..! a committee to in
vite Rev. J. W. Webb to hold meetings
in this city and to arrange with the dif
ferent churches for a time for holding the '
same. ytff'yiit
Stenographers Secure Positions.
Fourteen Smith Premier operators
placed in good salaried positions by the
agents, L. & M. Alexander. > • r>
Pages 11 to 20 .
REPUBLICAN BOSSES
ESTABLISH A COLONY
Desperate Attempt to Stuff the
Twenty=Eighth.
Notorious Brick Dolan Had His floward=Street Resort
Crowded With Illegal Voters When Discovered
by the Election Commissioners.
C. 3HE corrupt bosses are not hold- j
ing off their fight to control the j
primaries until the day of elec-
I tion. That it is begun and that
the men who are engineering it I
| realize the desperate strait the activity
of the anti-boss element has put their ,
cause in was demonstrated yesterday,
when a scheme, already in operation,
to colonize the Twenty-eighth and j
Twenty-ninth Assembly districts was
discovered by th*- Election Commission
ers. The job was uncovered by the in- .
' advertence of the notorious "Brick"
Dolan, one of the bosses' most disrepu
table lieutenants and heelers, who had i
gone into the Registrar's office with a j
! bunch of colonists from his hotel in j
tow.
As a result of it. I "dan was thrown
: out Of the office and the game of the
machine is to be blocked by an investi
gation to be set on foot Monday by the
• Commissioners.
Dolan conducts a 10 and 20 cent lodg
ing-house at 675 Howard street. II :S
place has been the chief resort for |
every heeler in the district since that
[combination first went into politics, and
| on the occasion of every primary for
years past has been used as a coloniz
ing center by the gang. Pursuing the j
I same tactics this year, the bosses' j
I henchmen have been rounding up
everything In the shape <*r a vote that
| had no place in which to sleep, and it
has been the duty of Dolan to lodge I
them, coach them on how best to avoid
discovery and then attend to the trans- i
i fer of their registrations.
It was with a ragged, drunken crowd j
j of these he came int.* the Registrar's j
I offii yesterday afternoon. He got his fol- j
' lowing into line and stayed with them
! as they worked their way up to the j
j desk to help them out if they should •
I get into difficulty during their exam- !
i ination. He was immediately spotted i
i by Registrar Steppacher and Officers
Steve Bonner and James Aiken, who j
i had been especially detailed to watch
for such work as Dolan and his crowd j
i were attempting.
"How long has this gang been in the
precinct, Dolan?" asked Steppacher.
, "Thirty days," replied Dolan.
"What room in your house are they
in?" And then the gang got rattled j
and wanted to stampede. Dolan calm- j
j lv answered that they were in rooms
10 and 11. and a glance at a list that
had been kept showed that there were
' already over thirty good votes trans
ferred to the same two rooms. The of
ficers promptly grabbed Dolan and
threw him through the door into the j
I corridor with an injunction not to re- i
I turn.
On Monday Dolan will be cited to ap
pear before the Election Commission *
and account for every lodger in his
house, and a thorough inspection will I
j be made of every lodging house in the
| district, as it is known to the commis- ;
I sion that the same work is going on all
I along the line. Both the Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth districts will be
TREK CORE AND STRENGTHEN MEN.
Why Dr. Meyers & Qo., California's Reliable
Specialists, Are So Successful.
DR. .tIEVERS A CO. thorough-
ly understand the human system. If
it is run down or otherwise out of re-
pair, they can locate the trouble, re-
move the cause and rebuild the shat-
tered constitution.
I>R. rtIEVERS * CO. discov-
ered the secret of mastering Nervous
Debility long years ago. If your nerve
or vital forces are gone or failing, or
if you are suffering with a contracted
ailment, consult these skilled physi-
cians. They can make you strong and
well.
DR. MEVERS A CO. during
the past year cured a greater number
of men than during any previous twelve
months since their Institution was
founded, more than eighteen years ago;
.^--^^
and to-day they have more patients, un-
der treatment than at any previous
lime.
'I'HKV CURE private diseases.
wasting weakness, unnatural losses
and all other forms of Nervous Debil-
ity; also Varicocele and Rupture Piles,
diseases of the Kidney, Bladder, Spine,
Liver and Stomach and Contagious
Blood Poison.
FREE A D VICE— You can get
some valuable information in regard to
your ailment by having a talk with
these able specialists, even if you do
not take treatment, as they never
charge for consultation or advice.
DO NOT DELAY-W altlng
will never cure you. Delay only means
cleaned up. as it is in them the bosses'
crowd will have to make its hard
est fight if it is to win out. Dolan
swore yesterday when he left the City
Hall that he would get his men regis
tered before it was all over, and trouble
was expected with him last night. Ho
evidently thought better of it, however,
for neither he nor any of his helpers
turned up.
AFFILIATED
CLUBS ORGANIZE
Permanent Officers Chosen*,
and a Palm Branch Ex
tended to League
Reformers.
The Affiliated Republican Clubs per
manently organised in th- Union League
rooms in the Palace Hotel last evening,
thereafter voted down a motion to appoint
a committee to sec the representatives of
the league reform movement to ascertain
upon what authority they organized clubs
in the Assembly districts and subsequent
ly voted to extend an invitation to the
league clubs to be present at the. next
meeting of the Affiliated Clubs and reply
to the interrogatories included in the. first
motion.
The following permanent officers were
elected: President, O. A. Perkins; vice
president, T. H. McCarthy; secretary,
Hamilton Riggins. The selection of a
treasurer and of an executive committee
of seven members was left to the presi
dent, who stated that ho would announce
th.- names at th.- next meeting.
About twenty-flve clubs were repre
sented at the meeting and the secretary
furnished the following list of clubs
claimed to be affiliated with the move
ment: Young .Men's Republican Club,
Stanford Club. North Cad Club; Repub
lican I'nion. Thirty-sixth District Club,
Thtrtv-flfth District Club, Swedish Inde
pendent. Forty-third District, Olympia,
Ocean View Club, Dewey Central, Conti
nental League Blame Republican Club,
Montezuma Club, Thirtieth District Re
publican independent Club, South End
Club, Henry T. Cage Club, Thirty-ninth
District Club. Forty-fourth District Club,
I'nion League Drill Corps. Union I_eague
Club. Thirty-seventh District independent
Club! Presidio Heights Club and the. Afro-
American League.
Several committee reports were listened
to after which a set of by-laws whs
adopted, providing, among other things,
that the central organization should be
composed of two delegates appointed by
each of the various clubs.
Acting Treasurer \V. G. Tafflnder re
ported the finances of the. association to
be In good condition, and at his request
George W. Lewis and Dr. D. \V. McNeill
were appointed to serve with him on the
finance committee.
After effecting permanent organization
a warm argument ensued over a motion
made by E. M. Calvin to have a commit
tee interview the Central League clubs
and establish. if possible, a harmony of
interests with them. The [.resident stated
that the league representatives had shown
no desire to meet the Affiliated Clubs. Del
egates Pettus, McCarthy, Mayer and oth
ers discussed the motion, ami when it
was put to a vote it was lost by a slim
majority of two out of a total vote of
twelve. Delegate Tafflnder moved as an
amendment that lie league people he
asked to meet the Affiliated Clubs at the
Continued en rase Fifteen.
' longer time in which to get well after
you start, additional cost of treatment.
! suffering and embarrassment, a ruined
| constitution, insanity or death.
i
PA V W II El* *V E I . I .- Patients
| can arrange to pay after they are en-
j tirely well or may pay in weekly or
i monthly installments. No other phy-
sician has ever made such. a fair and
I liberal offer. Prices always reasonable.
A 1.1. JBEDJCirVES FREE—
Most physicians charge from $2 to $5
for advice. DR. MEYERS & CO. give
it free. Most physicians either charge
an exorbitant price for medicines or
I send their patients to a high-priced
I drug store, where a commission of 50
per cent is paid to them on all their
I prescriptions. DR. MEYERS & CO. re-
| sort to neither of these unprofessional
and unfair methods. They furnish from
their own private laboratory all the
• necessary medicines, appliances, etc.,
without any cosl to the patient what-
, ever.
IBO.TIi-: CURES if you cannot
call, rite for private book, diagnosis
sheet, free advice, prices and other par-
ticulars Thousands of men cured every
year who have never seen th* doctors.
Consultation free. All correspondence
I confidential. No printing on envelopes
or packages to Indicate name of sender
DR. MEYERS A: CO.. 731 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. Elevator en-
trance. Hours— B to •', daily; 7 to 8 eve-
nings; 9 to 11 Sundays.12
G Ames-Robblns wedding was
th.c only ripple on the surf.. <,f
the social wave that has rolled
in during the past week. All
ii pleasures and joys and delights
that the select indulge in these days are
those that are associated with the swell
resorts arid fashionable country homes,
and the social programme mapped oat
for the next two months all tends in the
same direction.
Already extensive preparations are be
ing made for the week of oony racing it
Del Monte, and the indications an that
the August -week of sports will surpass
by far the <>ld days when the "pigeon
shoot" whs the thing.
The Pacific Coast Pony .Racing and
Steeplechase Association has decided to
extend its three days' outing at Del
Mont.- to a week, commencing on August
21. in order to make room for al! the
sports now on the programme. Its own
especial day wil be the last, which will
be devoted entirely to pony racing. '< it
be/ore that will come polo, baseball,
cycling, pigeon shootlrg. racing-
for wb'ch Harry Simpkiris will nominate
his netv bor.;. Diike, E. A. Wiltsee will
nominate hir schooner and at least two
other entries will be made— ar.d golf. I:t
the last named sport, in addition to th"
George (.''rocker enp. which is to b»? won
in an open hand-cap tournament for !a
dies, other prizes will be offered, and a
prominent golfer in Southern California
is agitating the project of an interstate
tournament in which a team from ih .
north shail contest with a team from the
south.
The Burlingame -■:--. Club has de
cided to bold its ope-n-a'-r horse show in
the first week in Scpto-mr-or. a decision
which will in all ability set a* rest
the project of reviving the horse shows
that have heretofore been held in town in
November or De«*errber
Some of the leading spirits of the club
think that it should be more than a hors ■
show. Similar country clubs in the East
hold annual fairs, where are shown no*
only fine horses and brilliant equipages^
but cattle, sheep, poultry and other live
stock. The gentlemen alluded to see no |
reason why the Burlingame Country Club
should not be as broad .-is its Eastern pro- |
tct.ypes. arid they hop* to make it so.
They aim to extend the club that It shall
include all the property owners and farm
ers in its neighborhood, and that its an
nual exhibitions shall do as much for all
livestock as the horse shows have done
for horses and horsemanship.
Among the recer.t pleasant dinners at
the Hotel Rafael was that given on
Wednesday last by Lieutenant T. G. Rob
erts, U. S. X.. in honor of Major General
Joseph Wheeler, I". S. A., and Mis ; ; Wheel
er, now en route to Manila. Those in
vited to meet the guests of honor were
Genera! and Mrs. It. IT. -field, Mrs.
Terry, Miss Eleanor Terry, Miss Mury
Bowen. Mrs. F. E. Bush: Baron Alex yon
Sehroeder. T. Cuyler Smith, Ensign A. J.
Hepburn, U. H. X.. and Mrs. Hepburn,
Miss Grace Barton and L. Boequeraz.
Mrs. Henry 1.. Lodge gave a picnic at
T>r*ke Lagunitas recently in honor •■:
Miss Patton and T. Bottom, the pleasant
affair ending with a dinner at a resort
near Fairfax. Mrs. Dodtrc-s other guests
included Miss Therese Morgan. Miss Cora
Bmedberg, Miss Edith Mcßean, Lieuten
ant T. G. Roberts, I*. S. X.. and Ben Hol
laday.
T. C. Smith gave an enjoyable dinner at
a resort ln Ross Valley last Saturday
evening, his guests being ..liss Therese
Morgan, ': is Edith Mcßean, Miss Patton,
Miss Corn. Smedberg, en Holladay. T.
Bottom and Lieutenant T. G. Roberts, U.
S. A.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry E. Bothln enter
tained a few friends at luncheon on Tues
day last at their residence in Ross Val
ley.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard entertained
a numb' of friends at their home in Ross
Valley on Tuesday last.
Mr. and Mrs. W- 1. Kip, Mrs. Edy and
Miss Mary Kip are now at a resort in'
Napa County, having returned from the
Yosen.lt-->. They will spend the month of
August at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Antoine Borel and the
Misses Borel have arrived at New York,
where they will make a brief stop before
going on to Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey, Miss Kate
Dillon and Miss grave have returned
from their trip to Lake Tahoe, and will
return to the Hotel Rafael, where they
spent the month of June.
Mrs. Homer S. King, Miss King. Miss
Hazel King and Frank B. King are at
Castle 'rag now. and will go to Del Monte
about the middle of August.
Miss Bertha Sydney Smith was the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. George C. Board
man at their cottage in San Rafael over
Sunday last.
Mr. and Mrs. James Carolan and the
Misses Emily and Genevieve Carolan have
gone on a. visit to Lake Tahoe.
Miss Jolliffe and Miss Virginia JolllfTe
went over to the Hotel Rafael on Tues
day last. They expect to spend the re
mainder of the summer there.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. i.«- Count and Miss
1., Count will spend the winter at the
Colonial.
Mrs. Lucie Day Hayes, Miss Jennie
Dunphy and Miss Viola Piercy have re
turned from San Jose after a six weeks'
stay at the Vendome.
Miss Emily J lager is at the Hotel Rafael
on a visit. .
Miss Lillian Follis is the guest of Miss
C. J. Flood at the Hotel del Monte.
Miss Ella Morgan is expected to return
noon from Del Monte and will spend the
remainder of the summer at San Rafael.
Mrs. John M. Cunningham is visiting
Mrs. James A. Folger at the Hotel Ra
fael.
AUss Leontine Blakeman leaves in a few
.-- —..-..■-■ ■■■'■■:■ .;: :. , . i
SOCIETY
. days for Lake Tahoe and after a short 1
■■ visit there will go to Del Monte for Au- .
gust. ; . .
Mr. and Mrs. 1. N. Walter are at Del :
I Monte for he summer. .
Wedding Bells.
Miss Violet L. Mitchell and William D.
j Fredericks were married on Sunday even- j
i ing. July 16, at the home of the bride's '■
parents." Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Mitchell 1816
Ellis street; "■ -
The groom, William D. Fredericks ; is a
mining expert in the employ of the Mcxi
- i an Mine and Smelter Supply Company-
Mr. and Mrs. Fredericks stopped at the
Palace until Wednesday when they took
their departure for the City of Mexico,
where a big reception awaits them.
They're Engaged.
Rev. J. E Scott and Dr. Catherine V.
C. Scott of this city announce the en
gagement of their daughter. Miss Lib-
May Scott! to E. J. Crawford of Berkeley.
Mrs. . stir..- Ephraim has Issued
aids for the marriage of her daughter,
Frances to &m J. Bernard, to take place
Sunday evening, July 23, at her residence,
705 Broderick street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Clara E. - Schumacher, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. '.. Schumacher; and r rank F.
Bouley; formerly of Seattle, ash.
home Gatherings.
Miss Dora Hake gave a very enjoyable
card party on Tuesday evening, July IS,
at her residence, 14 Chattanooga street.
1 Whist was the game indulged in. The
favors anil prizes were very pretty. The
the prizes were distributed the ladies and
gentlemen marched to the dining-room;
where a delicious supper was served. '1 he
i hous*': decorations were in pink and white.
The reception on San Francisco day at
i the Hotel Van Nuys, Los Angeles was
t a gnat success. Aiming those who as-
I :,.,! ■; receiving were Miss Barker, Mrs.
I Main Mrs C. W. Mark. Miss Augusta
G. Kelly Miss McElroy, Miss Dwyer, Miss
hi rer and Miss Mac Donald:
A pleasant surprise parts was given to
y-... Votie Conway by her many friends
un Thursday evening at her residence. 984
Howard treet. Those preset I were: Miss
Ella Conwav; Mis 4 s Maud Rivers, Miss
Lizzie Lasciirettes, Miss Blanch Rivers,
Miss Febie Covle, Miss Forest Quimby;
Miss Nellie Rae, Miss Reta Conway, Miss
Essie Murray, Miss Jennie i tpitis, Miss
Mao Conway, Miss Veida Wilson, Miss
Emma Estes; E. Quimby, W. Giffords,
11, Captivelle. 1). Giffords. M. Pettit,
M. Lascurettes, 11. Opitis. J. Rae,
ID. G. Conwav, W. Rai E. Pal ma.
E Ear'e P. St. Clare; Mrs. W. Rae, Mrs.
Quimby,*. Mrs. Williamson, Mrs. M. Rae
and Mrs. D. G. Conway.
A musicale was given on Wednesday
evening last in Larkspur by Mrs. Oliver
A. Harker and Miss Lillian J. Wilson,
who are guests at Wilj nella. Vocal and
instrumental selections were rendered by
the following: Mis- Lillian Wilson. Mrs.
Oliver A. Hark, r Messrs. Harry Brown,
! William E. Wilson; F. W. Yale. Ed Moore.
| Philip Eisroann; Chris Bernhard and
I .lames Ely. Among those present were:
I Judge. W. H. Mahony, Mrs. L. Wilson.
! Miss A. Foy; Mrs. Charles Elchbaumi Mr.
and Mrs. li. E. Holmes. Oliver A. Harker
r.nd Dr. Walter M. Thorne.
The choir and toung People's Society of
I th* Immanuel Lutheran Church of Ala
i meda tendered a very pieasant prise
i party to Professor and Mrs. Roecker of
I Oakland last Tuesday evening on th oc
i casion of their return from their honey
■ moon trip to Lake Tahoe. Mr. and Mrs.
' Roecker wen married on June 8 and the
! wedding was one of the pretties! of the
I season The young people, about thirty
I in number, went to the home of tin- bride's
j parents, Mr. and Mrs. Richter, on Seventh
avenue, and found the popular teacher
and his charming wife. Th.- hours flew
: swiftly in the enjoyment of cheerful so
rtal recreation. Mr. Roecker with his
, usual ability delighted his guests with
several instrumental renditions, . and
Smith's hymeneal duet was sung bj Miss
Bertha Schwartz and E. A. Jacobsen.
After the greater part of the evening had
been pleasurably spent in music and
games, something of a more substantial
nature claimed the attention of the happy
gathering and a generous supper was par
taken of amid universal convivialty.
The ladies of gner Villa were delight
fully- entertained by the gentlemen guests
en Saturday last. They start.-. for a ride,
to Napa City and spent the day in visiting
the places of interest. Upon their return
an elaborate supper was Indulged in. the
• hostess being Mrs, Thomas Ft. Bannerman
'of San Francisco. An impromptu enter
; t-iinment and dance followed Those pres
j ent were: Mr. and Mrs. A. D. gangster*
.-,1 Mason the Misses Bannerman J. .1.
I O'Brien. J. Grieve O'Neill. Miss Bnrgin,
i Mi«s Alys Dunne, Captain August Weber,
1 Miss Florence Hay. Dr. W. White, J.
j Pike the Misses . ileason, J. MacAndr. ws,
I Miss' Helen*- MacMahon. Charles Wise,
1 Mrs. J. Shannon. Herbert Kendall, Miss
j Emma Sullivan, Professor Shiek and
George Sandow.
Miss Elsie H. Liebes was Riven a delightful
surprise party on Thursday evening by her
many friends at her new residence. 23311 Broad
way. After a pleasant evening spent in dane-
Ing and singing a Dutch supper ended this
most enjoyable Impromptu affair.
Miss Jeannette Saunders of San Rafael while
at Hotel Capitola Rave a dinner to a number
of her roung lady friends. Those entertained
were Miss ii. Shaw, Miss Marie Smith Miss
Mella Peterson, Miss Olivia Peterson. Miss
Pauline Murray. Miss May Lewis, Mrs. Eg
gert and Mrs. M. E. Hopkins.
Ir) the Future.
The Sero Club has issued invitations for
its tenth annual invitation and ball, to
take place Saturday evening, August 5, at
Techau Hall, 117 Mason street, near Eddy.
ADD PERSONALS—
Personals.
Miss Martha Johnson has just returned
after a three weeks' sketching tour In the
Santa Cruz Mountains. .;
Miss Millie Hed^eboon has gone to Cal
istoga, where she will spend the summer.
Mrs. A. J. Itsell and Miss Alice Irene
Itsell of this city, accompanied by Mrs.
Daniel Stewart and Miss Agnes M. Stew
art of lone, are sojourning at Pacific
Grove.
Mrs. L: Wilson and Miss Lillian J. Wil
son are summering at "Wiljenella," Lark
spur.
Mrs. William A. Averiette of Alabama
Is visiting her sisters, Mrs. S. W. McPher
son and Mrs. F. L. Walker of San Fran
cisco. Mrs. McPherson only returned
from Alaska last week, and the meeting
of the sisters was a delightful event.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY* 23, 1899.
1 'Mrs. Sarah M. Phillips of 724 Golden
'.;.-. avenue will shortly leave for a tour
i around the world, accompanied by her
daughter. Miss Maybelle Phillips, and her
i son Sidney: -.•.."■' !
j Mrs. William W. McNeill and son have
I gone to Sonora, Cal.. for a six weeks'
I stay.
Mr. and Mrs George W. Mertes and
• family have removed from the city to
| their new home in Berkeley.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Heant-y and family
■ a*-.- spending the summer In Oak Lea cot
i tMK*-. Sonoma County.
j Miss Marian B. Fraser is spending the
J summer at Pacific Grove as the guest of
I Mrs. Howard 11. Hogan.
1 Miss Anderson and Miss Doyle, the
j former of San Francisco and the latter of
! M. ■ I.i .Park, returned to their respective
' homes- Saturday after a delightful outing
i at Mrs. J. I_eroy Nickel's summer cottage
j at Mount Madonna, near Gilroy.
The friends of Mrs. George Roop, late of
| the Gilroy Hot Springs, will be pleased to
j learn that she has recovered from a re-
I cent severe illness at Dr. .'lark's private
'■ hospital at Gilroy. She is now spending
I a few weeks with friends in Gilroy.
Julius Magnin is spending his vacation
at Bartlett Springs, Lake County.
i Mr. and Mrs. B. D.Harris have returned
from Lop Angeles and are sojourning at
Skaggs Springs.
W. W. Smith and Miss Sylvia Smith
are the guests of Mrs. George Mertes of
Berkeley.
Miss Eva M. Walsh is visiting her
aunt. Mrs. George Mertes, of Berkeley.
Mrs. John Shira and children are enjoy
ing their vacation on the banks of San
Pablo Creek in Contra Costa County.'
Miss Nona Howe is the guest of Mrs.
J. W. Heaney at Oak Lea cottage, Sono
ma County.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goodman and daughter
have returned from a tour through the
Eastern States.
Mrs. William Dunn of McAllister street
left recently for a trip to the Yosemite
to be gone several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Ohlandt and daughter,
Frede. have left for Lake Tahoe and vi
cinity. ■' yf- : -
Mrs. E. Hammersmith and daughters,
i:isa and Florence, are at Wrights, Santa
Cruz Mountains, for the summer.
The Misses Frances and Pearl Lipman
of Watsonville, accompanied by their
guest, Mrs. T. R. Hamilton of this city,
spent Wednesday at Capitola.
Miss Mabel Fancher has gone to Guer
neville, Sonoma County, for the summer.
Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Atwood have re
turned from a four weeks' visit to Cata
lina Island.
Mrs. Adolph Oppenheim of 1402 Mont
gomery street ana her son, M. Oppen
helm, are spending three weeks in the
Santa Cruz mountains. :
Nathan Bibo and family have returned
from their northern trip and will reside
for the winter season at the Wellesly Ho
tel,- where they will be glad to receive
their friends.
Mrs. J. J. Sullivan, Misses Emma G.
and Grace M. Sullivan and Master "Willie
Sullivan are spending the summer at
Wegner Villa, Glen Ellen.
Miss F.« A. Gunn, accompanied by her
niece, Miss J. C. Wilson, after having
spent some weeks at Paso Robles Springe,
is now making an extensive tour of the !
southern .part of the State. --. |
Mrs. L. . Webb and daughter. Miss Ida
Webb, are .spending the summer at
Skaggs Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben D. Harris and Mrs.
Mac S. Thomas are spending the summer
at Skaggs Springs. ■'<.■..
Mrs. Fred Trout of Sacramento has re- |
turned from a two weeks' visit with her
sister, Mrs. B. Morgensterne, at Coulter- I
vllle, and is now stopping at the Golden
West Hotel. -
Misses Maud and Miriam Thomson are !
rusticating at Wrights, Santa Cruz Moun- j
tains. They are the guests of Miss A. E.
Aiken. I
Mr. and Mrs. M. Pincus have left for
Skaggs Springs.
Charles S. Glocker leaves in August, to
be absent several years.
Mrs. Agnes Wilson is spending a few
months in Oakland with Mrs. Creed.
Miss Grendolen Fay is spending her vaca
tion at Gilroy Hot Springs.
Miss S. Freedman has removed from 1232
Post street to 1234 Geary street, near Franklin.
Mrs. M. Bulger and daughter Emma are
spending a few weeks at Skaggs Springs.
Miss May Lewis. Miss Jeannette Saunders
and Mrs. M. E. Hopkins of San Rafael re
turned from their sojourn at Hotel Capitola
on July 19.
Society at the Resorts.
AETNA SPRINGS— and Mrs. Charles
York gave a delightful progressive euchre
party at the popular resort on Friday evening,
July. 14, After a warmly contested game the
prizes were awarded to Mrs. A. H. Mahen.
Miss .Marie A. Keller. Mrs. P. Andrews and
Mrs. Walter Speyer. After the game refresh
ments were served, and there were music and
making.
SUMMER HOME FARM— During the past
week the following guests were registered at
Summer Home Farm. Glenwood: Mr. and Mrs.
i J. A. Hogan, Misses Steinhart, Newman, New-
I baiter, Funkensteln and Scbwabacher, visiting
; from Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz; .Mrs. Th.
Whitelaw and child. Milton Whitelaw, Miss
| Lulu Lenormand, Miss Nora Sullivan, Mrs.
; Th. Hunter, Frankie Hunter, H. C. Ward. Mrs.
M Salmon E A. Greenblatt, Louis Schultz,
' Mrs. B. Schultz W. A. Schultz. P. it. Whelan,
James Fay, Miss G. Fay. San Francisco;
Misses Carrie and Alice Broz, Bos Gatos; Mrs.
Van Glahn, Miss Van Claim. Oakland; Mr. and
Mrs. c. J. Koenlg, San Jose; Professor B. M.
1 Burwell and family. Palo Alt*.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Chester, Colonel
Daniel M. Burns, Miss E. J. Foley, Mrs D.
' M. Burns, Charles E. Stokes, Miss Rowena
Burn.-.. George 8. Grant, Miss Maud .'luff, H.
17 Chovnski. Mr. and Mrs. George Gale and
maid J D. Sullivan, J. W. Riley. Guy B.
Barhnm, J. H. Richards, Frank F. Barham, F.
M Buttner, San Francisco; W. H. Lelmert,
Oakland.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS Mrs. P. J. Thomas.
Miss Mary E. Thomas. S. Bacowitz, Fred
Tracv Hot ice Sandoval, T. H. Hanson, Dr.
George M. Terrill. S. di. ■:, J. Greenfield. J.
G. McDade, B. P. Flint. Mrs. B. 1' Flint, J hi
I.e.- Mrs. George M. Terr!:!. Afrnes Thomas.
Mrs. E. J. Starr. Mrs. W. E. Davis, Miss
! Davis, Lou's M. Starr. Claude Starr, Alfred
I Furhman, D. McHenry, Emile Brefenger, N.
I Jorgensen Daniel P. Carter, ilre. W. Rosen- I
I thal, Sirs. 1. J. Hazen. Mlas Eva Tolmr.n, H.
L. Cook, Miss Kittle O'Day, Mrs. C. 11. Bane,
H. G. Gibbs, A. Simon, P. Godchause, F.
Braver, J. H. Hughes and wife, B. Keppich,
P. J. Parrell A. .Martini. Charles Johnson,
Philip Ryan. Fred Eifcr. Mrs. W. H. Loomis, !
S. S. Selig an.i wife, G. H. Luchslnger, O. i
Grand, Miss Ethel Tabrett. E. A. Ccok, San .
Francisco; George Sandoval, Louis Messina,
Miss Ada Thierkoff, W. J. Richards, Sonora;
Fred 1-7. Whitney, R. Abbey. O. Olander, L.
Homeler, Oakland: Thomas Ilinch, Eureka; O.
P. Fowler. W. T. Martin. Selma; Joseph
Bloom, Olema; A. A. Spencer, wife and daugh
ter. George H. Langtry, Santa Clara; Mrs. >
i Carrie, Jerome; E. Henderson, Fresno: G. H.
Maze, T. A. Pillman, Merced; Mrs. C. Pickett,
Miss Blage, Visalia; John S. Bell. San Rafael;
John Best. Richard Wasley, Grass Valley:
James O. Hern, Port Costa; D. Monnaste* and
Wife, Portland. Or.; John Leary and wife, Mrs.
L. 1' Flint, Seattle.
BELVEDERE— The latest arrivals at Hotel |
Belvedere are as follows: Mrs. James P. Par
ker and child, George F. Grant. Mrs. George
F. Grant, Mrs. E. O. Curtis, Miss Helen M.
Curtis, Charles V. Cross, Judge .1. M. Seawell,
E. E. Jones, Julian Thorne, Flurry D. Hawkes,
Clarence Bannister Sloan, Mrs. .John Hoey, ,
; Miss Eugenia Hoey. W. E. Griffith, Miss
; Katharine Harrod, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Smii*.
' A. S. Piper. Dr. Washington Dodge, Mrs.
Washington Dodge, Master Royal Dodge, Harry
Dodge. Mrs. Packard, Mrs. Bod well, Mrs sis
sons, Mrs. 17. 8. Xokes Miss Virginia x ikes,
Miss Ethel Heanan,- Miss Grace Cole, Haw
thorne Doxey, Lester B. Smith. James Jerome i
and wife. Mrs. M. E. Pendleton, Or. G. H.
Thompson, John Hoey, Charles F. Hoey, C. D.
Hazzard. E. C. Landis, Hugh Oonegan, Dr.
I Frank Wilson. Mrs. Frank Wilson, two sons
'and maid, San Francisco; Mrs M. H. Llewel
! lyn, San Ramon; Dr. G. C. Simmons, Mrs. G.
! C. Simmons, two children and maid, Sacra
mento; Judge .lames A. Miner, Mrs. James A.
I Miner, Salt Lake City: Mrs. John Hurd, Eng
land; Mrs. Augustus Howard, Sydney, X. S.
W. ; John Caff rey. Dublin. Ireland; F. Pope,
San Jose; Dr. J. Herbert Reeve. Vallejo; >
Thomas F. Sanford, Oakland; Max L. Mar
golls, Berkeley. A sheet and pillow case party- j
was given at the hotel on Saturday evening. I
July 16, and proved very enjoyable. Many of I
J the guests appeared in the grotesque costume,
and all entered into the spirit of the affair
CARLSBAD— Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Grove, Miss
Vera Grove, Miss Myrtle D. Gat£s. Vacaville;
I. A. DortJ, Healdsb'ur*: F. M. Smith. Mabel
.Smith, J, R. Phillips. Colusa; P.. J. Malloney.
"William Yallett and wife. G. H. ham. W .
I L- Jones. I. J. Wier.' Sf»n.VFran Cisco: Roy
Methvln,-Dorg^.Methvin. Stony ;Ferd;\J. Me-
Sweeney,.. C. Carpenter. Mr. an.l "Sirs.. C. « it-
Hams, Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Houseman; •A. J.
Lain. Miss A. Lain, F. A. Silks. Oakland.
Is, Mr. and MINERAL SPRINGS— Mrs. G.
. Mf« A. I_ain, F. A. Silks. Oakland.
IRXDALF. MINERAL SPRINGS— Mrs. G.
W. Brown. Ethel Hammlt. Master Frank
Hazel. Carrie Hellle. Fay V --'.-■. Mrs. M.
Dougherty, Miss May Dougherty, T. J. Dough- j
erty, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin
Wright, Miss Gladys Wright. Miss Edith Bene
dict, Mr. and Mrs.- M. H. Eastman. W. Mon
roe, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Bilger, Mrs. Perry
Wall, Mrs. Dr. Patterson, Oakland; Mr. and
Mrs. W. R. Mathews, A. Gibelll, Mrs. A. P.
Mulligan. Rose. Hurley, Alice Bulger, Master
George Bulger, Mr. and Mrs. Briare and fam- i
ily. Miss Brown, Martinez; W. S. Garwood,
Crockett; Mrs. Ella durst. Walnut Creek;
Gertie Kennedy, Charlotte McManus, Vallejo;
W. E. Dodge, Stockton: Mamie Fitzgerald. San
Pablo; Mrs. J. M. Flnck. Nellie Dunn, Golden
Gate,; J. Enos, Carrie Enos. Port Costa; H.
H. Bell. Charlotte Bell. A. U Bell. Vine HiH.
AETNA SPRINGS— Miss L. Renwick. Georpe
P. Thomas and wife. A. N. Grant and wife. I
Dr. F. C Pague and wife. Miss M. Stewart,
P. Boettcher, M. N. Bird, L. N. Rosenberg. T.
J. Bridge. C. E. Boudrow, Judge J. M. Seawell.
Mrs. J. M. Seawell. Harry Seawell. San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Mary D. Bird, D. B. Hunter, Berke- j
ley; George W. Fisher and wife. • Miss B. M. j
Fisher. Oakland: George P. Benvle. St. Helena.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Charles timbark
and wife, L. T. Coggins, wife and son, J. D.
Cotighlln, A. B. Vandemark, John Lee, B. F.
Lee, Dave Wasserman, J. A. Manley. George j
I tie Kennedy, Charlotte and wife. Will Gil-
E Dodge, Stockton: Mamie Fitzgerald. San
ilo; Mrs .1 M. Fin k. Nellie Dunn, Golden
••: 7. Enos, Carrie Kn*.s. Fort Costa; H. I
Bell. Charlotte Bell. A. L. Bell. Vine HIH. ;
ETNA SPRINGS— Miss L. Renwick, George
Thomas and wife. A. N. Grant and wife. |
F C Pacue and wife, Mis~- M. Stewart, j
Boettcher, M N. Bird. B. N. Rosenberg. T.
Sridge, .'. E Boudrow Judge J. M Seawell, i
. .t. M. Seawell, Harry Seawell, San Fran- j
o; Mrs. Mary D. Bird, D B. Hunter, Berke-
George W. Fisher and wife. Miss I' M.
ier, Oakland; George P. Benvle, St. Helena.
LAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Charles Umback
wife, L. T. i Kglns, wife and son, J. i>
shlln. A. B. Vandemark, John Lee, B- F.
, Dave Wasserman, .1. A. Maniey. Qeorg*
herston, .V. I>. Gillette and wife., will Gfl
lette. H. Roth. George T." Baldwin, Miss M.
Baldwin, Miss D. Summers.. Miss V. Kerchem,
Miss L. Walker, C. L. Jeffery and wife. Rev.
Allen Bartley and wife, .Mr. and Mrs. J.
Steiner, Arthur" 1,. Judson, J. C. VanjSos- ,
sln. Mrs. Frank Maskie, .1. G. Pierce. W. Tal
lott. L. H. Lord and wife,, J. C. Harron. P. J. I
rgetz, Charles J. He»;£erty grid wife, Miss
Nora Caahin, J. M. Berry, wife and - i Id.' Mrs. ,
<7hurles F. I':!!;-. an, two children and .nurse;
Mrs. W. H. Baldwin and daughter: Mrs.'L. P. i
Cushing, E. Wallack, William Faber and wife.
A. Hi nigsberger, J. W. Wilson and wife, .1. i
O'Brien. Miss O'Brien, Mrs. C. B. GHlson, Mrs.
Is. A. Mcintosh sfnd daughter. J. leaner' and j
lily; Julius C. Cerf, I. ■ Gilbert. M. Fisher
ami wife, L. Nuttall, John Fitzgerald. Mrs. H.
W. Decker. 1-7 P. McCormick and wife, Mrs.
Freda Cox Maxwell. Fred Cox, Dr. W. Wood,
wire and child, Mrs. A. J. Foster. Hervey
Lindley, J. i. Nickel, Harry Babcock, Charles.
Page, Warren Olney, Bdw. J. McCritchen,
Charles B. Moore and family, A. C. Simpson j
and son.
PACIFIC GROVE— Some of the week's visi- :
tors at El Carmeto Hotel are: E. MeCralth.
George F. Houghton, j, S_ E. Kallscher, J.
Wormser, Charles E. * Ruthe. Mrs. Charles
Ruthe and child, San Francisco; R. B. Wag
staff, Lawrence. Kan. : C. M. Cobern and wo-.
Denver. Colo. ; H. .'< . Mayhew and wife. Sacra
mento; W. S. McGlllis, watsonvllle; Katherine
Hilke, New York; Emma Ililke, Stockton; Mrs.
W. Henry Games, Portland, Or. f Robert Bel
cher. Fred S. Cox. F. L. Watson. .San Fran- ■
cisco; La Rue A. Cross. Eugene F. Goodrtm.
Stockton; Robert P. Lamden and wife. Napa;.
Mrs. ( N. Hawkins and children. Mrs. W. E.
Hawkins and child, Hollister: J. E. Farley.
Mrs. E. Van Bouchante. H. E. Hunt. San Fran-
Cisco: A. W. Stamper. Chico: Mrs. Baker and j
son, Palo Alto: Fred Koenig. L. H. Bailey, San
Jose; Charles 11. Brown. Mass. ;, Mrs. Charles
Burner. Misses a. and Eugene P. Benicia;
ikton; Robert P. Lamden and wife. Napa;
C N. Hawkins and children, Mrs. W K.
77. !!• Mister; J. F. Farley,
i: Van Bouchante, H. E. Hiinr, san Fran-
A. W Stamper Chico; Mrs. Baker and
Palo Alto; Fred Koenlg. B. H Bailey, San
i; Charles 11. Brown, Mass.; Mrs, Charles
ncr, Misses Zoe and Rose Durner, Benicia;
J. W. Dinsrnore, San Jose; P. 'M Che£tn«<y,
Macm, Ga.: J. 11. Hawkins and wife. Chicago:
C. H. 11. McElroy and wife, Kan as City. Mo.;
John E. Hayman, Colusa; Miss May B. D.
Baldwin Santa Cruz; Mrs. E. E. Ames. Ro
chester, X V.; Eleanor J. Bissey, H. S. Bi.--_. yy.
Philadelphia: W. J. Piatt, Alice M. Woods. San
Francisco; Mrs E. B. Crltchlow and children, '
Miss Helen Yardley, Salt Lake City; E. C.
Morrison, Mles Lottie Morrison. Oakland: C.
rim,i n, .*li_s tattle Morrison, Oakland: li
Newell, Mies F. J. Henrlcks, W. B. McKay.
San Francisco: Frederick Liddeke, Center
ville; Annette L. Rice, Los Angeles: Florence
A. Babccck. Cheyenne, Wyo.: A. S. Bake- and
wife, Evanaville, Wis.; M. McGurrin and wife,
Fiancis J. Gr.rs-.-he. Chicago; T. Howard "Win
ters. Ircnton, O. : Charles E. ! Stevens. St.
Helena; John Crowley, Professor C. B. New
ton and wife. Miss L. Jacob. San Francisco;
J. M. Parker. Ann Arbor. Mich.: Mrs. M. J.
Penney. Denver. Colo; Ralph Johnson. R. M.
Watson, San Francisco: Miss Julia E. Hall,
Mrs. F. S. Goodman, Dr. Adolph Goodman,
Kansas City. Mo.
Sime other arrivals of the week are: Mrs. A.
I nets Alameda: Mrs. J. T. Steves, Warren
. Ircnton, 0 . Charles X Stevens, St.
L .r,;, ; John Crowli B. New
anl Wil • . MiSS 1. Jacob, Sa:: Fl
U Parker, van .\re.-i. Mich . Mrs M. J.
m»;> . Denver Colo; Ralph Johnson, !.. M
■son, Sa;: Francisco; Mis- .lului B. Hall,
F. s. Goodman, Dr. Adolph «;<>odman.
week are: Mrs. A.
'oster, Alameda: Mis .i v Steves, Warren
C. Steves, St. Helena ; Florence B. Howard,
Mills College; Miss Carrie Geffroy, Mrs. 11 S.
Geffroy. Miss Susie Geffroy, Mrs. F. 1-7 Me-
Intire * 'Miss Gertrude . Mclntire, Stockton; O.
F. Brewington, J. C. Lynn. San Jose; Mrs.
George Homage, Stockton: F. X. Campbell,
Fresno: Mrs. C. H. -Bigelow, Miss Lulu HiKP
low. Miss L. C. McHenney. Miss Williams.
Mrs. K. Sheaff, Miss Irene Sheaff, San Jose:
Miss Wanda Muir. Mrs. D. G. Muir. Miss Lola
Kinsey. Martinez; Mrs.- S. B. McCoy and
daughter. San Francisco: Rev. Alfred Kummer.
San Jose. Anna Youngberg, Salt Lake City;
Marion H. Coyle, Berkeley; Alice Lene Itsell,
Mrs. R. .]. Itsell, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
John C. Reid. Stockton; Mr. and Mrs. H. C.
Drew, -San Jose; Mrs. James C. Zuck, Miss
Zuck, Rosamond Zuck, Gilroy; Mrs. S. A.
Eames Chico; Mrs. Joseph Abbott. Woodland:
A. D. 'D'Ancona, San Francisco; Charles H.
Brown Massachusetts: J. H. McArthur. Mrs.
C. Schneider. Miss Ella Houghton, Misses Bes
sie and Winnie Houghton, Sacramento: Mrs.
L C Bvce and children. Petaluma; Miss (ier
trude Beckhoen. Miss Hannah Sandburg, Mtss
C M. Farley, Mrs. George F. Williams, H. C.
San Jose; Mrs, James C. Zuck, M-^s
Rosamond Zuck, Gilroy; Mrs. S. A.
s Chico; Mrs. Joseph Abbott, Woodland;
. 'D'Aneona, San Francisco; Charles H.
n Massachusetts; .'. H. McArthur, Mrs.
fctnelder, Miss Rlla Houghton, Misses Bes
n.i Winnie Houghton, Sacramento; Mrs.
Bye* and children, Petaluma; M'ss Ger-
Beckboen. Misi Hannah Sandburg. Miss
Farley. Mrs. George !■'. Williams. Miss
Gertrude Williams. Miss Carrie I-'. Williams,
San Jose; Mrs. H. Skelton, Miss Gertrude Han
sel Stockton; Mrs. Rosenawelg and daughter,
San Fianclsco: Mrs. S. Ginsberg and family.
Sacramento; Mrs. R. A. Curler, Ren.-. Key. ;
Mrs. F. M. Calderwood, Mrs. A. . R. Story,
Annabel Morse, Rose Morse. Palo Alto: Mrs.
IM. E Anthony, M. W. Anthony, Oakland; Mrs.
J. stendieck Mrs. Cecil W. Mark. Pan Fran
cisco; Mrs. Charles M. Beckwith, Horatio
Hurd, Sacramento; Minnie Bisby. Nellie Bisby,
Anna Donegan, San Francisco; Frank Barton,
Mrs. C. W. Cadle, Stockton; Mis- M. T. Brady,
Emmett J. Brady, Columbia; Mamie E. Burke,
Bart Burke, Ora A. Haslam, Carrie E. Luch,
Mrs. E. A. Jefferds, Sonora; T. Howard Win
ters, ironton, O. . • . '
7 'CAMP TAT__^R'UThevfell<)KW;W^U<^irej^
lstered at Camp Taylor during the past week:
Miss May Murphy. John Wilson, C. M. Chris
toffer. Mrs. M. Horn. Martin Finberg, Mrs. F.
E. Emlay, Miss E. Emlay, Miss Bertha Hutch
ings. Miss Pauline Glaser, Miss Emma Wolff,
Professor Johnnie Murphy.Carrol Gibson, Mr.
and Mis. A. H. Leib and family, Miss A. J.
Hutchingson, Miss M. Walsh. Ed Miller, Mr-.
J. Donald, E. Levy, Louis Bevy and family;
Edith Lenhart, Daisy Cressy, Susie Rowe, Net
tie Anderson, Tillie Dorsch, Mary Dunton,
Thomas Phelan, Mamie Powers, Jack Daly,
Winnie Foster, Grace Mclntyre, Henry Powers.
Jack AVhealan, J. A. Goldman, Miss Amy
Steinman. Miss Gertrude A. Frost. Mrs. Hattie
Steele, Miss Queena Powers. Miss J isle Coakey,
Miss Minnie Leffman, Edward H. Steams.
Peter Dean, Mrs. J. Murry Bailey, -Master-
Ronald Bailey. Gustin Bamberger. L Stelnnard.
Ivy Rosenfeld, Mrs. Bergmann, Miss M. Berg
mann Mrs. J. Regan and child. May Label.
Mrs a Drossel. Miss Drossel, Walter N. Dros
sel Mrs Ackerman, Mrs. Furman. J. L. Blair.
J 'Norwood L. Norwood, Mrs. H. Goldman,
Fanny Roth Goldman. T. Cohn and wife. H.
H. Hartmann, F. E. Hartmann. W. Eggert,
Mi«s II Eggert, Miss W. J. Miller, Jacob Har
ris? James Hughes. Lizzie Hughes George W.
Dungel! Mr. and Mrs A. Lynch, J. B. Kun-
Eer N ' Lewis .1. Goldman, J. Goldstein. _•_
E. Conn. E. J. Gibbert. F. Mavish. WV Russ.
W. Dunn, C. Collins. John Beel. Miss M. Mur
ry, Ben Kraus, H. Buergenbach. Mr. and Mrs.
F.'J, Hansen. Mr. and Mrs. W H. hittock.
Airs Schanks Mr. E. Brown. Mrs. M Tretts.
Miss L T?efts Miss A. Pflfer .Miss 1-7 Pflfer.
Hutching- Miss Dolly Chapman, Frieda
Kaehtor Miss Alice Donovan. Earle -Cooley,
Miss Gusset Specke, B. Frank. M Monas-eh.
Henry? Willwil.e,-, Miss Edith Birth. Emile
Dengel, wife and son. William Cohn Mra. R.
Kinsella. Miss Mamie Murry. W A. Smith,
Miss E B. Avery. from San Fran
ffi; Mrs. J. R. Ho.Uikiss. Mrs. T. Bern
stein and family. J! S. Hay wards. Mrs. A\ L.
Pelton and family. W Russ. Mrs.. David
Brown. W. Dunn, Frank Hanly. CaptainCol
lins Mrs J. Thlbault, cAWitam, Mrs. Frank
I^suim/Mrs. Spiers. Mrs Willto«BtamgW
Miss Adams. Mrs. N. AY Anderson. Miss Bng
lish Mrs. J. B. Lon, Mrs. Russ. Mrs Hay
wards-:' John KlnseMa, R. •AA.J- ms Mrs.
R. Kinsella, from San Rafael: W. >. uai
bralth and wife, W. C. Galbraith Jr.. from
Elmhurst. ' ■' ■■■
GILROY HOT ! SPRINGS The following
guests have registered at Gilroy*Hpt [Springs
during the past week: Charles B. Pollard Miss
Steel James E. Kannely and wife, Mathew
Kannely. James E. Kannely Jr. M iss [Nellie
Kannelv George Kannely, Miss Mamie Flana
gan, Gus- Flanagan. Mis, Alice Flanagan. Miss
B. C Kill Miss H. Baillaige. Miss Kittle
Baillaige. John Pedemont. Henry A. P«ster,
E Lamolle. Mrs. Shea and children, Mrs- i..
Gassner Mrs. N. Jackson, J. H. Hilbert. Alex
ander McCord, Frank P. Kelly. J. A House
worth. Captain J. Jensen, S. J. Shannon, p.
W Wallis "-and wife. Fred Roeding, Miss
Lillian Rae. Miss Lillian Bryan. Anson Reter
spn .tames Gulp. Joseph Princevalle, A. Holla
way M. A. Bertiz, R. Yates, F. Reaves, C.
Palmer, J. E\odgers, C, Mason, Bert Sherwood,
Leon Loupe. James Prlncevalle, Br. N. S. fair
weather." M. E. Ellis and wife Mrs. J. H.
Kill*. Mr, and Mrs. E. A. Hollaway, , G. T.
Dunlap, wife and son, Miss L. Swan AMI Ham
Blake Samuel Hooper Henry Mayock, H. w.
Lauterwaseer, J. Roy Phelps. Edward F. Arm
strong, J. Haydon, Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Geary, I.
P. Epilgh, Thomas McGlynn. Albert Meyer.
SARATOGA' SPRINGS— The following are the
arrivals at Saratoga Spring.* tor th* week end
ing July 19: Miss Bertha Lincoln, George B.
Carpenter Miss Minnie liegeman, AY. 11. Lux,
F Kleine and wife.' ■ D. B. Mackay, Frank A.
Russe Mrs F. Martens. C. W. Buck. William
AVanwoski Sr., P. .E. Rlchter, Henry Shulz,
Samuel Watson, wife and child John L. True
\. .- CambelV, Mrs. Cambell, Frank D. Grant
aiid 'wife William H. Watr ms, Theodore Har
rington ' W T. Welch, John Browning. R. H.
Beet E Klevesahl. Mrs. Klevesahl. Miss Min
nie klevesahl, Madame Lada. H. Seward, A.
P Stevenson Orville Nelson and wife, Joseph
pi-endergast. Edgar Carroll. S. T. Sensing,
«an Francisco; Mrs Frank Dowd. William
Dowd and wife, Lincoln. Cal : Mr and Mrs.
Denninger, F. T. Landsborn, P. J. Mason, Ala
meda; Edward Christy and wife, san Jose.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS The weather for
THE MERCHANTS
URGE THE CITY
TO ECONOMIZE
They Outline a Money-
Saving Plan. .
— « —
CONDEMN ANNUAL CONTRACTS
— • —
WHY GRAFTERS GET MUNICI
PAL BUSINESS.
— —
Association Advises the Supervisors
to Buy Fire Department Sup
plies in the Open Market,
on Monthly Estimates.
The Merchants' Association has sub
mitted to the Board of Supervisors a
plan of procedure to be followed by the
city in purchasing supplies for the Fire
Department. It is a plan laid down
along solid business lines and on the
same business principles which the
hard-headed members' of the associa
tion have rigidly adhered to in build
ing up their own successful concerns,
It does away entirely with the present
ill-conditioned and extravagant method
and instead of yearly schedules and
contracts suggests monthly statements
and an open field for all reputable mer
chants.
The communication accompanying
; the plan, which was filed yesterday,
' criticizes severely every detail of the
i system now in vogue. It points out the
! innumerable weak spots and tells
pointedly why it is that scarcely one
; reputable merchant in the city will do
business with the municipality. As an
: explanation of why city business has
i fallen Into the hands of grafters and
i brokers, who get from two to six prices
for everything ordered, it is complete
i and thorough.
The communication as filed is ap
pended:
First— We find that it is Impracticable
and inadvisable to prepare a schedule
containing all the articles required by
the Fire Department during the year.
Second— We believe that it is not ad
visable to advertise for bids and contract
for duplies for as long a time as one year.
Third— believe, after considering the
question thoroughly and giving due
weight to the troubles which have arisen
over this nfatter heretofore, that the en
tire system of purchasing supplies in
vogue "at the present time is unbusiness
like, is not. economical and is opposed to
. the 'public interest. ry >: . . -
In support of these conclusions we beg
to call the attention of your honorable
'board to the following facts:
First -The schedules as heretofore sub
■ mitted for bids do not specify in any way
: the probable quantity required of each
article. It is perfectly evident that in
| many of these articles the quantity re
quired to a great extent determines the
price. To ask a firm to bid intelligently
i for an article when it is not known
| whether there will be required a gross or
only half a dozen is to ask an impossibili
ty, and the city undoubtedly suffers from
such a method.7, • -:
Second— contracts at present not
only .all for an Indefinite quantity but
also require the successful bidders to fur
nish the articles at a specified price at
any time during a year's time. It is well
known that the cost of many goods, par
ticularly In the hardware line, varies
greatly during a year's time. A price
which" may be perfectly fair now may be
very much too high or too low in six
i months from now, according to the chang
j ing conditions of the market. The result
is that dealers, in order to protect them
selves from loss, are compelled to bid
higher prices than the articles are worth
at that time, which is unfair to the city.'
Third— uncertainty of securing pay
ment for goods supplied. In the past mer
chants have in several Instances lost
heavllv on the city because orders were
given for which no funds were available.
At other times payment has been unduly
withheld for trifling errors or apparent
difference in prices. Merchants know of
these facts but do not always understand
the reasons and cannot afford to give suf
ficient time to watching the state of the
treasury or the technical question in
volved. Hence many merchants refrain
entirely- from competing for any business
done with the municipality, while if the
ordering for the city were properly done
the city should enjoy the .best of credit
and command the lowest prices. - 7 ,7- ;
the past week .has been delightful. Under the
■ new- management of the well-known San Fran-
I cisco physician,- Dr. J. Perrault, the springs
j have become very popular. The late arrivals
i are: Claus S'.revkelt--, Mrs. A. Cutler, L.
(Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. Boyce, J. N. Matheson,
Mrs. k. A. Hauxhurst, --J. C. Dunphy, Joseph
JS'ickel* and wife, 1-7 A. Kob_er. Charles Block,
-Mrs. Hi BV.J-.'t|l4'l>i' , f'*,f*' iJrown and
I wife. Ike Folkenstein, Mr. ami Mrs. E. M.
'Johnston. A. Crocker, Miss L. Carran, Mrs. I*.
R. Pechin, Miss L. Pechin, Miss E. Mai ■.
', H. Hirschman, John Monaco, wife and daugh
ter. Rev. P. O'Connell, John O'Connell, I.
Rosenbaum and wife, Charles Greenberg, D.
. A. Bavin. Miss Kate Quinlan, Miss Louise 17.
, Freese, A. F. Ross, A. Parkinson, George
I Long, H. Wright, Mrs. T. Quinn, F. Anderson,
I San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Kincald,
: Alameda: Miss ___ J. Stewart. Booth Tucker.
New York; Mrs. S. N. Wyekoff. N. Pontlledes,
; Berkeley; Josie Colehower. Mr. Morsey, M:ss>
' Mitchell, P. X Morse, Watsonville; August
Astredter. Mrs. H. M. Stover, Soledad; Miss
Kate Heggarty, Mis-; Lou Heggarty, San Jose;
Miss Belle Carr, Miss Ella Bradley, Marys
ville; George Stover, Alexander Stover, Port
land.
PASO ROBLES— The arrivals at Paso Robles
fcr the week-ending July 19 are: H. L. Bates,
E. A. Kaber, Charles E. Jeffery, San Fran
cisco; Mrs B. Grant. Mrs. Lemon, Astoria;
John F. Lord, W. H. King, O. Lewis, W. S.
Barry, A D Baldwin, San Francisco: R. C.
j craft. Oakland; R. Leach. Grass Valley: F.
A. Martin. Sun Francisco. R. J. Wheeler, Los
Angeles; Mrs H W. AY right. Miss G. Mur
phy. Miss J Morrison. San Jose; E. Geneochi,
Jackson; Mrs. McDonald, Oakland; Julius Cob
lentz, James Neinberg. 17. J. Boyle, San Fran
cisco; T. Neatherz, Colorado: C. W. Foster.
San Francisco; Mis. M. C. Thelkeld. Oakland;
M. J. Rush T. L. Lewis. San Francisco; J.
C. EBcalla Watsonvllle; M. M. Gragg. Monte
rey; P. 1. Fisher, R. M. Joseph, M. Manasse.
Theodore 'O. Gadding, Charles G. Lee. J. S.
Banner, F. 1.. Bates, P. Lelbes, Charles Bach
'and wife, Miss Bach, John Smith. F. J. O'Con
ner. Fred H. Hunter, S. 17 de Arce, M. Rum
bait. J. A. Cohen J L. Trumback and wife,
Park Fellows M Jorgensen, J. C. Tice. 11.
'■ Lynch, G. A. Lynch. B. Stattens, J. T. Mor
: rison, 77 A Hayes, H. S. Weaver, San Fran
cisco; George R. Polachl, Guatemala: H. S.
O'Neill,..!. T. Tarrington, Sanford E. Seller.
James, Smite. William Rosenblum San Fran
cisco: Helen M. Carp, Ukiah; F. S. Holt,
I William M. Meyer, Howard E. Huntington, M.
! Lopes. John Sau.:. San Francisco; Eugene
! Sherwood. Alameda: Samuel McMurtlne, W. J.
j Barrett. W. R. Huff, J. B. Campodonien. L.
I Scatena, V. M. Weiss* . A. R. Grover, G. W.
j Kincalrd, vv. J. Davis, M. Davis, S. H. Mallon,
I Ran Francisco; J. H. Henry, San Jose; J. M.
Johnson, G. C. Hi eke, W. H. Hamilton Jr.,
I M. Berner and wire, J. D. Kidder, San Fran
j cisco: E. M. Payne. Miss Payne. Howard O.
I Payne, R. E. Jack, San I.iiis Obispo: Grant W.
I Smith and wife. Charles E. Freeman, A. G.
I Glenn. W. C hi:--. J.- Mulcare. San Iran
I cisco; R. E. Jack Jr., Sal. Luis Obispo: Mrs.
I Goodchenj Miss Good hen, Marie Henburger,
C, M Gregory, Mrs. L. Scatena, James Rosen
j burg, San Francisco; A. M. Johnson nnd wife,
I Vancouver; A. E. Campbell, San Luis Obispo;
I Guy Francis. R. H. Griffen, J. AY. Bassford,
i John Searle, William Jeffrey, San Francisco.
| MARK WEST SPRINGS— The latest arrivals
'■ at Mark West Springs are: L Hopp, P. Loesh,
J. B. Smith. R. Felfer, H. Weinsop,', C. Wei
ner. J. Botzel. J. O'Brien, G. Kiefer, H. F.
: Hellwig, Mrs. S. Hochstader, Miss Tillie Fries
leben, Mrs. Sonnenberg, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes,
J. Neustadter, S. Shoenholz, J. Sellgman, San
Francisco; E. Schmidt, San Rafael; Dr. A. J.
Huntoon, Washington, D. C; Miss Mabel L.
Greelev. Plymouth. N. 11. ■- .- -
SIEGLER SPRINGS— Late arrivals at Siegler
Springs are: Miss Libbie Schumacher,. Clarencii
Schumacher, J. Weill. John M. Curtis and wife,
j E. J, Depew and wire, Jesse Segleman.- F. A.
! Bell, James de Bols, J. Hess. Alexander Hey,
i Miss Mamie Curry. A. Franklin and wife, J.
i M. Eva, G. Symon, R. H. Symon, John van
| Nostrand, H. E. Fishbfck, E. A. Schumacher
I and wife, San Francisco; Joseph F. Conway,
i A'allejo; E. P. Dewey and wife," Mis, E. Alex-
I ander. Miss Emma West, Sanger: Miss Myrtle
j Gates, M. Grove and wife. Vacaville; Mrs. E.
, F Smith. Miss Elsie Smith. Miss Lizzie Muir,
t Miss Hazel Muir, Roy Muir. J. H. Belcher,
! Sacramento.
KENILWORTH INN— The following guests
I registered at Kenilworth Inn. Mill Valley, dur
ing the past week: Charles G. Lathrop and
I family, Mr. and Mrs. Norman A. Root. Miss
I Root. Miss Sadie Baird Miss M J. Wade, Miss
Taylor, Miss Siavan, Mrs. and Miss McConnell,
Mrs. McDonough and family, Mrs. Welneke,
San Francisco. • "
Fourth— There will always be some arti
cles quired from time to time which are
not included in any schedule which can be
made for a year's supplies. Purchasing
these in open market, as is done at pres
ent, leads to charges of favoritism upon
the part of the party doing the purchas
ing.
We find that on account of the above
reasons many of the leading hardware
houses have declined in the past to bid
for these supplies and they emphatically
state that they will not bid in the future
under such .conditions.
We submit to your honorable board that
such a feeling should not exist. The pur
chasing of supplies is a purely business
proposition and should be conducted in a
business-like manner. The present offi
cers of the city government were pledged
by the different parties at the last elec
tion to conduct their departments in an
economical and business-like mariner, and
our recommendations are solely to enable
them to do so. ';-_'.
In view of the conditions enumerated
above and In order that the furnishng of
these supplies may be conducted in a ousi
ness-like way an. 1 , afford the city the
benefit of that competition to which lt is
Justly entitled the Merchants' Association
respectfully begs to recommend that a
different system be pursued and suggests
that the method as outlined in the in
closed memorandum, which is similar to
... on*- used by the United States Gov
ernment and the State, be adopted. Wa
are satisfied that the purchase of all kinds
of supplies made in this manner will re
sult in a more efficient and economical
administration of such affairs, will be
more satisfactory to the dealers and the
public and could, with advantage, be ex
tended to all departments. of the. city gov
ernment which purchase supplies. . Re
spectfully yours, y_ .
MERCHANTS" ASSOCIATION.
As a plan to be followed hereafter
the .association submitted the .follow*
ing: | -ff
First— attempting to make an v enor
mous schedule containing all supplies
needed during an entire year and- Jixing
no Quantities the heads of each depart
ment should once a month prepare a
requisition of the supplies which will be
required by that department during the;
next ensuing month. These .requisitions
to have the different articles divided Into
classes so that each bidder need consult
only the class containing the goods in
which he deals. Exact quantity desired
for that month of each article should be
stated. These requisitions should be sub
mitted to the chief engineer for approval,
after making such changes as to quan
tity, etc., as in his judgment seems best,
and refer them to the Fire Department
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
for approval.
Typewritten or printed copies
of those lists in the form of proposals
should be sent to all. or at least not less
than three responsible firms carrying
stock of such articles, inviting them to
submit bids on a certain date. If it I*
made the rule and is known that tnese
list* will be sent out on a certain day in
each month and a copy is posted on tha
Official bulletin board every dealer in
town can. if he desires, ascertain what
supplies are wanted and procure a copy
of the proposal from the clerk in case
one has not been sent to him.
Third— These bids should be received
only from legitimate licensed firms car
rying stock of the supplies desired, as
provided in present specifications. Bro
kers who simply bid on contracts and de
pend upon purchasing supplies from
wholesale houses as they are required,
should not be permitted to bid.
Fourth— bids should be opened on a
fixed day in the presence of all bidders
who may attend by the Fire Department
Committee, who will award the order for
each item to the lowest bidder.
The advantages of this method are:
First— Oniv one month's supplies being
required, except in the case of small arti
cles rarely used, the heads of depart
ments can easily and closely estimate the
ouanl ities required.
Second— Bidders, knowing the quantity
and that [1 is to be furnished within
thirty days or at once, can bid intelli
gently and at the lowest market prices.
Third— lt will be necessary for dealers
to inform themselves concerning the con
dition of the funds only when bidding.
Fourth— ln cases of emergency, or If
during the month some articles are re
quired which were not in the monthly re
quisition, a special list of these can be
gent at any time to not less than three
leading houses, and such order given to
the lowest bidder, and thus avoid exces
sive prices, charges' of favoritism, and
pressure for patronage, as is frequently
the case when goods are bought In open
market from some house especially desig
nated for this purpose. -. " : •'-.•
Fifth— Such a method will save the un
necessary expense of . advertising the
award of contract for each of over 700
articles, many ok which are used in small
quantities and perhaps only two or three
times during the year. '._-■ -->
Furthermore, in support of these
recommendations we beg to report that
we have discussed this entire matter with
members of the leading wholesale hard
ware houses in this city, and they unani
mously approve this proposed method of
furnishing supplies, and state that If the
city will adopt such a system they will
regularly bid on the monthly supplies and
will guarantee the city fair prices. ■
Consequently we strongly recommend
that the system herein outlined be adopt
ed. . .-'.'.:'■■
The best piano is the Decker & Son.
See new styles at MauvtHs", 769 Market. •NEW4>
or THE.
day -cities,
E. BLACK RYAN
STILL DODGING
THE ASSESSOR
Railroad Apparently
Quite Satisfied.
— ♦— —
SUPERVISORS ARE PATIENT.
■ — « —
BAKES MUST PAY INTEREST ON
BONDS HELD BY THEM.
•
Hay-wards Electrio Road Is Granted
a Reduction of Forty-Eight
Thousand Dollars From the
Assessor's Figures.
»
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway, July 22.
Where ls E. Black Ryan? What bu
happened that Is keeping him from the
Alameda County Board of Equalization?
Inquiry has been made, and it was
learned that he ls not sick, and that he is
in San Francisco attending to his duties
as tax agent for the Southern Pacifio
Company, but he has shown no inclination
to come to Oakland to fight Mr. Dalton,
as ... yore, nor has he sent any intimation
Of whether he will come or not, an.i Mon
day will i,,. the last day the board can sit.
It Is very unlike the railroad company
to submit to taxation of any kind without
protest unless it realizes that there is
nothing to be gained by protesting. Hith
erto It ha gained largely by making pro
tests in Alameda County, always being
able to convince at least three out of nvu
Supervisors.
Mr. Dalton says he has assessed the
property the same as in former years. His
enemies" say ho has made large cuts and
has not seen ma improvements which
the company has made. This Mr. Dalton
denies, but it is a fact I hat in two in- ;
stances there have been material reduc- j
tions. Mr. Dalton's explanation of these
reductions was made in this morning's
Call. It may be that with these reduc
tions the railroad company is satisfied,
and that it will not give the equalizers
any further trouble, all of which is very
strange to people cognizant of the Inner
workings of the railroad company and of
Alameda County politics.
All morning the Supervisors sat sullenly
awaiting the arrival of th.- little man who i
can smile away a big assessment more
sweetly than any other man on earth, but
he came not, and all the county is won
dering why.
District Attorney Allen advised the
board that the weight of legal authorities
seemed to hold that the assessment of
bonds of railroad corporations and quasi
public corporations is valid. Attorn
John Yule and George Reed protested
against the assessment of bonds held by
banks; but by unanimous vote the assess
ments were "upheld.
Th.- Havwards electric road asked for
a reduction of $76,000; but this was denied,
although its ires were reduced $45,000,
the same as last year.
M. G. C. Myer of Alameda asked for a
reduction on six acres of land from J5575
t*> 54125. It transpired that Myer was re
ceiving a revenue from his property equal j
to S per cent of its assessed value, and his J
motion was denied.
Mrs S. T. Yale has a house insured for
fIOOO. It is assessed for -■ - and the Su
pervisors agreed to reduce it to $390, Mr.
Wells alone voting no.
This concluded the business of the ses
sion, and as Mr. Ryan had not appeared
at 1 o'clock the board adjourned till Mon- ,
day morning^
New State Incorporation.
OAKLAND, July 77 -The Eureka State
Company tiled ■•--.- of incorporation
to-day with the County Clerk. The pur
popes" are to prepare and manufacture
State products, with Oakland as the prin
cipal place of business. The capital stock,
all actually subscribed by the following
directors, is stated at $200,000: W. J. Din
gee $100 000 W. A. Winsboro $52,500. F. A.
I osh $10,000, Walter C. Beattie $2500. all of
Oakland, and Jacob Strahle of Kelsey,
El Dorado County. $35.000.
ml I __■_!_ T ffTT?l_r ______r^*i_ roffF
4 No Liquors — just f I
SGood Groceries A j
4 If you live in the country 4 |
4try us with a mail order. 4
4 Going camping, in a hurry,
f telephone — we like to fill^
fa telephone order. Kven^
fin this. short list you'll findf
many things for the camp.f
Butter . sqt T.OcJ
V Fancy Humboldt, on Monday, ¥
A Tuesday and Wednesday only. a
JCafferine package 20c\
T The well-known cereal coffee, V
A regularly 2*- A
JSoda Crackers... *4 box 55c J
V American biscuit Co's extra. ¥
A About 13 lbs to the box. A
JCoal Oil 5 gallons 55cJ
r Pennsylvania high test. ¥
A ioc extra for can. A
jTamales 4 cans 25cJ
f Knapp <t Streets— not boneless. f
A Usually 3 for 25c. A
JCream Cheese lb IOcJ
" Fancy, mild California. Take f
(some camping. m
K. C. Baking Pw'r..can 19ci
* You usually pay 25c for good T
A baking powder. m
J Broken Java.... lb IOcJ
» Broken grains from good coffee. X
A Roasted, whole or ground 10c. 4
Jjava and Mocha lb 25ci
\ Honda v only. Straight Java . X
£ and Mocha. We appreciate A
X tTste In coffee, you'll appreciate X
A the price. m
a Vulcan Matches pkg 4ca
r Swedish, none better. X
4 H. O. Oatmeal. 2 pkgs 25c^
fDried Apricots lb 10c^
iThis season's, bright, fresh, A
l fancy Moorparks. X
Sardines Royan's 13cf
A With Truffles— an irre'sistable a
* combination. X
fjapan Rice 22 lb $14
A Fancy tLible. bottlescs
a Ammonia bottle oca
' Pure, full strength, regular toe. X
fFrench Bluing Box 25cf
(Regular 35c lb box. m
Eastern Bacon lb lOci
* Sugar cured. Armour's. x
d EIGHT SAVING STORES! §
A 7r Market St. B. F. 1811 Polk Bt. 8. F. A
r 1060 Washington. Oak Shattuck At, Berkeley ¥
A 9th * Washington, " Central At, Alamedi A
§ _ 12th k l.Hh At, " 7th * Wood, Oak #
©ftIMAEII*
WON THE PRIZE
OVER HUNDREDS
MISS JOSEPHINE PATTERSON, THE NEW CONTRALTO.
ALAMEDA, July Miss Josephine Patterson of this city has won the
coveted place of contralto soloist of Gilmore's military Land, in competition
with some of the greatest vocalists of New York City. She left Alameda last
autumn for the metropolis to complete her musical studies. Those who at
tended her farewell concert were thrilled by her astonishingly strong voice,
and predicted a great future for the local songstress.
There was a long list of applicants for the position which Miss Patterson
has won, most of whom were well-known New York vocalists. The hall ln
which the voices were tried has a seating capacity of 10,000 persons, and to sing
successfully there Is considered the most severe test to which the voice can be
put. Miss Patterson sang a selection in English, one in French and one in
Italian, and was engaged at once. E. A. Couteurier, the conductor of the
hand, stated that her first song won for her the prize. She will travel with the
organization throughout the United States, and will visit San Francisco in
February.
VAIN CHASE FOR
A LOVER WHO
WAS FAITHLESS
Tracked From Colo
rado to Alameda.
— ♦ —
MAUD FULLER WAS DESERTED
— — « — _
ALVIN PRATT HAD PROMISED
TO WED HER
»
The Girl Reaches Alameda Penniless
and Heartbroken and Appeals
to the Authorities to Send
Her Back Home.
•
ALAMEDA, July 22.— After a vain
search from Colorado through Los An
geles to Alameda for a faithless lover,
Maud Fuller, penniless and without friends,
was forced to appeal to local charity to
assist her to get back to her hum*-- in Colo
rado Springs. Miss Fuller's story is the .
oft-told tale of the trusting maid and
olly-tongued scoundrel. Hack in her Col- ■
orado home six- met a young man who !
passed as Alvin Pratt. lie was an adept
at love making, and being what might be
termed handsome soon won the heart of
Miss Fuller. There was a promise of mar- j
riage, and the young girl, to her sorrow,
placed too mUc-h faith in her lover's pro
testations of everlasting affection.
Repeatedly she appealed to him to make
Rood his pledge and save her ■ from dis- ,
grace, but he kept putting her off, until |
driven to desperation she confessed to her j
parents and begged them to avengo the
wrong that had been done her. An an
gry father went gunning for Pratt, but ;
the deceiver had flown. It was learned
that he had gone to Los Angeles.
Miss Fuller's parents sold their house
hold effects to provide her with funds to i
search for the man who had disgraced
her. She arrived in Los Angeles only to
find that Pratt had learned of her com- ,
Ing and had departed for Alameda. She ;
hastened on after him, reaching here ;
early last week. Being unable to locate
Pratt, she placed her case in the hands
of the local police and tearfully begged
them to make diligent search for the fel- <
low. Miss Fuller said her means were
exhausted and that she could continue the ;
chase no longer. She was taken in charge |
by Mrs. S. A. O'Neii of the Alameda ■
Charitable Association, who has since
cared for the unfortunate girl at her I
home, 2221 San Antonio avenue.
The police heard that Alvln Pratt had
been in Alameda and was here at the time
the girl arrived, but he managed to evade j
them, and his present whereabouts ls not
known.
To-day Mrs. O'Neii, on behalf of the
girl, asked the Supervisors to assist her j
to reach her parents. As a result she will '
go back to Colorado Tuesday.
"Will Go Their Separate Ways. i
OAKLAND. July 22.— Extreme cruelty
is the. ground on which Elise Gottstein
was granted a decree of divorce from An
ton Gottstein to-day by Superior -Judge
Greene. The custody of the two minors,
Frank and George, aged 7 and 11 respec
tively, is awarded to plaintiff, together
with $75 counsel fees and $30 monthly ali
mony. The homestead on Haight avenue,
near Seventh street, Alameda, is set aside
as plaintiff's separate property. Anton
Gottstein is a well known "tinner.
Evidence of Incendiarism.
OAKLAND, July 22.— Evidence of incen
diarism was discovered at the barn of me
Oakland Paving Company at Valley and
Twenty-third streets last night by Officer
Scanlon. A chain of loosely rolled news
papers bad been laid -~r£m. Jfce floor £? a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY ,23, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
j pile of rubbish and ignited when the offi
! cer came along and extinguished the
! slowly burning paper chain.
LIMITED HIS FAMILY
TO A POTATO A DAY
OAKLAND, July 22.— Angelo Delucchi
j was, arrested to-night at his home in
I Temescal or. complaint of his wife, charg
j ing him with Insanity. Mrs. Delucchi de
. Clares that her demented spouse has made
several rttempts upon her life with a
knife and an iron bar and that he insists
upon not allowing more than one potato
to be consumed by the family of nine
children in any one day. Delucchi some
month? ago tried to commit suicide by
1 jumping from a second-story window. He
, was once an inmate at the Ukiah asy
! lum, being released in March, 1898. lie
j will be examined next Monday.
John Murphy, who escaped from the
Agnews Insane Asylum recently, was a*
r» feted here to-night by Captain Peterson
I and Officer Moore. He will be detained at
the Receiving Hospital pending his re
■ turn to the asylum.
STAUNTON REGAINS
POWER OF SPEECH
OAKLAND. July 22.— Notwithstanding
the most sanguine expectations of the
physicians to the contrary, the man Staun
ton, who walked Into the Receiving Hos
pital two weeks ago with a compound
fracture of the skull and who a week ago,
by means of a pencil and the alphabet
written on a card, made known the man
ner in which he was hurt, Is now slowly
regaining his power of speech. In a brief
conversation with Dr. Porter, who has
been attending him, he stated to-day that
his true name is Joseph Staunton and
that until recently he worked at the For
um saloon, corner of Bush and Montgom
ery streets, San Francisco.
Sudden Death of Mrs. Benford.
BERKELEY, July 22.— Mrs. Emma L.
Benford of Fresno died suddenly last
night at the residence of her mother, 2531
Ridge road. Deceased was taken suddenly
111 at a late hour in the night and pas!*,.-*!
away before a physician could be called
Dr. George F. Whitworth found her dead
on arriving at the house. The case was
at once reported to Deputy Coroner J. E.
Str.l^htiff, who has ordered an inquest
to be held next Monday evening at 8
o'clock. Mrs. Benford was 40 yearn of
age. and had been ln Berkeley but three
weeks.
CURIOSITY THAT HAD
ALMOST FATAL RESULT
w >ss AKLAND, July 22.— An inofTen-
M ll B,ve safet 5' in ano * a ca P that
©lv J) '°°' £e^ something like a blank
♦ ' x_=_x cartridge, coupled with juvenile
£ curiosity to ascertain the Integra*
1 parts of one with the other, nearly
' cost the lives of two cousins, both
• named Louis Felleto, aged 7 and 13
♦ years respectively, residing on Forty
-0 sixth street, between Grove and Shat-
tuck avenues. "ff ff.
' The elder Louis ls a son of Vlncenso
9 Felleto, an Italian employe at the Jud
▲ son Iron Works, and this afternoon,
_ while rummaging about a pile of debris
• In a vacant store on Forty-seventh
i street recently vacated by Charles
L Realli, the Italian tinsmith, the two
* lads unearthed a dynamite cap, such
,♦ as is used in blasting at stone quar
£ rles. The flnd was an unlucky one,
though it opened a an unlucky one,
though lt opened a field of research
t for the children's curiosity.
9 Hastening home with the infernal ob
i ject the elder Louis secured a safety
£ pin and began picking out the material
7 lodged in the cartridge. He had not
T delved far when there was a terrific
♦ explosion which shook the little Fei
DECLARED THE
LADY WAS A
SPANISH SPY
Neat Political Plot Is
Laid Bare.
— * —
GALIXIA NOT IN DISFAVOR.
— • —
EXILED GUATEMALANS MAKE
WAR ON EACH OTHER.
•♦- ■
Senor Sacury Sends a Dispatch That
I Exposes a Scheme to cause An
noyance to the Consul
General.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 22.
A dispatch from Guatemala received in
Oakland to-day exposes a very clever plot
: that was prepared in San Francisco about
a week ago and which was intended to
disrupt the friendly relations between Fe
lipe Galixia, the Guatemalan Consul, Man
uel Morales Saenz and President Cabrera
of Guatemala.
• A few days ago there appeared in several
| newspapers a statement saying thai Man
uel Saenz was to succeed Felipe Galixia
as Consul General owing to certain differ
ences existing between the Consul and the
• Guatemalan administration. This infor
| mation was said to have been received
! "by private telegraphic advice," but it
is now said that no such advice was ever
received other than that put forward at
a little dinner at which the plot to annoy
Consul Galixia was hatched.
An interesting and somewhat romantic
story is behind the attempt of certain
Guatemalans in San Francisco to annoy
! the Consul General. Prominent among
! those who are not friendly to Galixia are
Antonio Barrios and Senor Castillo. These
j two men left Guatemala on account of
differences with their Government and the
dispatches stated that Castillo left dis
; guised as a woman. This story he has
since denied, but there are others who
vouch for its veracity. These men came
to San Francisco and were not received
by Consul Galixia with becoming dignity,
according to their ideas, and consequently
they were aggrieved. They made the ac
quaintance of the leading Spaniards in
San Francisco and Oakland society and
on one occasion were Invited by a promi
nent Spanish lady to lunch. Having ac
cepted previous Invitations it was readily
supposed they would accept another one.
But they sent no excuse nor did they ap
pear When asked later why such an in
sult had been administered they declared
that they bellved the' lady was a spy in
the interests of the Guatemalan Consul
General and that the lunches were part
of a plot to find out if they were schem
ing against the administration of Presi
dent Cabrera, which was responsible for
their leaving Guatemala
One afternoon there was a heated con
versation at the Occidental Hotel, in
which these Spaniards were told very
plainly that they were a long way from
being" gentlemen and men of honor, to
treat a lady in such a fashion after once
having broken bread In her house as
' 5 So me time later, it is now claimed by
the Consul's friends, a little dinner was
• arranged at which some dissatisned Span
iards put up a scheme to annoy Consul
Galixia. Their alleged private advices
' were given to a Spanish newspaper man
I who translated them and' then supplied
the information to different newspapers.
It was to the effect that Consul Galixia
was to be removed ami that Senor Saenz
was shortly to leave Guatemala to repre
sent ihat republic In San Francisco.
Senor Saenz and Consul Galixia are
very warm friends and the Consul was
i Kreatlv surprised that President Cabrera,
Who appointed him. should have under
taken to remove him without notifying
him or giving him any suggestion that
any such humiliation was intended.
Senor Saenz, when the news was pub
lished, was on his way from New \ork
to Guatemala. Dispatches were sent,af
ter him asking him as to the truth of
the story. He at once replied that it was
absolutely false; that there was no inten
tion whatever on the part of President
Cabrera that Galixia should be removed,
as his consulate was giving entire satis
-1 faction to the Guatemalan Government.
This denial from Saenz was received to
day and in the meantime the rest of the
1 little scheme has been discovered.
To Receive Returning Soldiers.
ALAMEDA. July 22.-The men of Com
' pany G are planning a reception to the
! Alameda members of the First California
Regiment upon their return from the
Philippines. This city has nearly a dozen
representatives In the regiment, among
them being the three Hawks boys and
Smiley, Meyer, Schneber and De Ber
nard! It Is proposed to give them a
grand public reception at Armory Hall a
few days after the transports reach port.
Definite action will be taken during the
coming week. Company <* will partici
! pate in the parade in San Francisco upon
I the arrival of the California boys.
Would Not Be a "Good Thing."
ALAMEDA. July 22.— business dif
ferences of Mrs. A. Sehroeder and Albert
Victors of the firm of Sehroeder & Mo
tors have been amicably settled, Mrs.
Sehroeder wanted the firm dissolved,
charging that she was being made 'a.
"good thing" by her partner. The dispute
has been settled by Victors buying her
interest in the firm.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. July 22.— Lucien Brand of
the French Bank and his .laughter. Miss
Marie Brand, of 2311 Buena Vista avenue,
returned this morning from Paris, where
Miss Brand has spent the last two years.
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Sara Harnden. daughter of Mrs. F.
A Harnden of 117.1 Broadway, and James
A' Wilder. The wedding will be celebrated
in October, and the honeymoon will ba
spent in France, where the groom is lo
cated at present. Mr. Wilder belongs to
the well known Wilder family of Hono
lulu.
leto cottage and caused Mrs. Felleto
to rush screaming from the house to
the back yard, where she found her
son and his little cousin lying uncon
scious and bleeding.
The explosion had aroused the- whole
neighborhood, and , Mrs. Felleto's
screams soon attracted a large throng.
A surrey was procured and the elder
boy was promptly taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where a hasty ex
amination showed that the lad's left
hand was a mass of mangled flesh and
blood. The right hand was also in
jured and an ugly though not serious
abrasion appeared over Louis' left eye.
Drs. Milton, Kane and Rowe, assist
ed by Steward Borchert, worked sev
eral hours over the lad and found it
necessary to amputate three fingers
and the thumb of the left hand. The
boy was afterward taken to his home,
and unless bloodpoisonlng sets in his
chances for recovery are good.
The other Felleto boy was removed
to Dr. Perriam's offlce at Temescal.
It was found that some of the powder
had lodged in his eyes, and though he
was not otherwise seriously injured he
may lose his eyesight.
GAVE UP AMBITION
FOR WEDDED LIFE
MRS. EICHWALDT, NEE DELANOY.
ALAMEDA. July 22.— T0 depart from an ambition to shine on the
II V\ stage and be a writer of great plays to the commonplace sphere of
.'I — A wife is considerable of a jump for a young lady who had dreamed of
U \f> becoming famous in the world of drama and had taken a step or two
Miss Marion Florence Delanoy has departed from the ideal to the real.
On* June* 29 last she was still picturing a career of fame as a playwright
and actress On June 30 she was Mrs. Ivan August Eichwaldt and her am
bition for a" place among the dramatists had gone a-glimmering. So sudden
was her determination to wed that she forgot to announce her nuptials, and
her friends and admirers were surprised almost to the point of being shocked
when the news leaked out to-day. _ _
The wedding took place at the home of the bride's mother, Mrs. M. i .
Delanoy 1122 Grand street. Rev. Dr. Hauterions of San Francisco officiated.
Mrs Delanoy and one or two relatives were the only witnesses. The bride
is well known in Alameda, and under the norn de plume of Marion Eddy has
gained some note as a playwright. Recently she produced a farce-comedy of
her own authorship at Armory Hall. It was entitled "It's Contagious," and
it was her intention to organize a company to produce it in the East. She
was to star in the leading role. Dr.. Eichwaldt is a Russian of an old and
aristocratic family and had been acquainted with Miss Delanoy for a number
of years.
Dr. and Mrs. Eichwaldt are now residing at 1709 Enclnal avenue.
DETECTIVES ARE
MYSTIFIED OVER
A BOLD ROBBERY
Diamonds and Jew
elry Are Missing.
— ♦ —
MRS. GORDON'S HEAVY LOSS
— ♦ —
THIEF SHOWS A DEAL OF DIS
CRIMINATION.
♦
Selects the Best Out of a Number of
Cases of Valuables and
Then Hides the
Crime.
♦
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
• 908 Broadway,- .July 22.
The detectives are completely mystified
over a robbery of diamonds and jewelry
that was discovered last Sunday by Mrs.
B. G. Gordon, who resides at the Colusa
House,- 1010% Washington street.
The stolen jewelry includes one gold ring
Bel with five diamonds, one pair of gold
bracelets, one gold band ring, one pair of
gold ball earrings, one pair of gold sleeve
buttons, a pair of gold studs and some
smaller articles. The whole are valued at
not less than $1000.
There are many peculiar features con
nected with the robbery that lead Detect
ives Quiglev and Shorey to believe that It
is the work of some one who is well ac
quainted with the house and with the fur
niture in -Mrs. Gordon's room. Part of
the jewelry was taken from one bureau
drawer and part from another, and in
each Instance the cases were closed and
placed in their original positions, so that
the theft would not be detected until Mrs.
"dor w"Uld need her Jewels.
The theft was discovered last Sunday
morning an.l was at once reported to the
police Detectives Shorey and Quigley
were put to work on the case, but have
not vet discovered the slightest clew to
the robber. They are of the opinion that
the thief was a woman and certainly an
amateur This view of the case Is taken
because a pair of lady's gloves was stolen
and a pair of red leather slippers.
The Colusa is one of the most reputable
houses In Oakland. There is no transient
trade and nearly all the rooms are rented
to housekeepers. Mrs. Gordon and her
son have rented their present quarters for
a year and cannot think of any one who
would be likely to rob her. Her son is a
train .dispatcher at the pier. He discov
ered the robbery last Sunday morning
when he opened his dressing case to take
out a razor. He found that it was gone.
A general search was mad*- and then it
was discovered that jewelry had been tak
en from many cases.
The thief evidently was very discrimi
nating; everything that was gold or that
contained diamonds was taken, but a set
of solid silver souvenir spoons, several
pieces of solid silver plate and a valuable
revolver that was in the same drawer as
some of the jewelry were not disturbed.
Mrs. Gordon believes it must be the
work of some one whom she has received
in her rooms, but she has gone over the
list of her few friends with the detectives
and cannot derive any light from that
source as to the thief. •"•'-■ v b
It Is believed that the robber has also
operated recently in San Francisco, as the
police there are investigating a similar
case If a woman the detectives say that
they cannot see why she should steal a
razor, and If a man why he should steal
ladies' gloves and fancy slippers.
1 __^_^^_^__—
Odd Fellows' Installation.
• OAKLAND. July 22.— The newly elected
officers of Evening Star Lodge No. 263, I.
O O F.. were installed last evening at
Thomas Hall, East Oakland, by. District
. B^c&tio
Deputy Strelghtoff. assisted by the grand
officers, as follows: A. McElhatton. noble
grand; C. R. Anderson, vice grand: T. le j
Balllster, secretary, and Carl Schley,
treasurer. I
COMPLICATION OVER
TIDAL CANAL BRIDGES
OAKLAND, July 22.— letter was read
at the meeting of the Board of Super
visors to-day from Major Heuer of the
United States corps of engineers sta
tioned at San Francisco regarding the
construction of the projected bridge at
High street to span the tidal canal. The
major declares that not only must the
Federal Government keep all bridges
spanning the estuary in repair, but it
must build an additional bridge for high
way as well as for railway traffic at
Washington avenue.
"As I cannot build two combined
bridges starting from a common point
(Fernside station, on the south bank of
the canal)," says the letter, "without
great additional" expense, I request that
* • • you pass a resolution * * * to
the effect that in consideration of the
United States building a suitable and sat
isfactory bridge at Fruitvale avenue that
will accommodate all highway traffic at
that locality you waive the construction
of any bridges for highway traffic across
the canal other than that proposed at
Fruitvale avenue, between Park street
and High street bridges."
The letter was placed on file for future
consideration.
LARGEST DEED ON RECORD.
Contra Costa Water Company Pays
War Revenue of Over Three
Thousand Dollars.
OAKLAND. July 22.— The consummat- j
ing step in the consolidation of the water;
companies was taken to-day, when a
deed— the largest ever filed for record
here— was recorded by the Contra Costa j
Water Company, whereby the Oakland
Water Company, in consideration of a ;
guarantee of an issue of $1,500,000 bonds,
transfers to the Contra Costa all of its ,
real property, pipes and water rights In .
Alameda County.
The war revenue stamps, which adorn
an entire page of the monster Instru- ,
ment, foot up 13160, representing a consid- I
eration of $3,160,000.
The transfer includes one piece of 221 ;
acres, another of 164.17 acres in Oakland
Township, 1.14 acres in Linda Vista ter
race; also 1.35 acres in the Bowman tract;
Still another large parcel in Brooklyn
Township; several lots on Orange street. i
Amethyst street, near Broadway, and
several more on Pearl street, near Oak- j
land avenue; also unestimated acreage j
in Union City, and another large piece in
Washington Township, including the glue
factory, besides 418 acres near Alvarado. j
Laundry Nuisance to Be Stopped.
BERKELEY, July 22.— Marshal Richard I
Lloyd this afternoon placed under arrest
four* Chinamen working In the laundry j
house on the corner of Shattuck avenue
and Blake street. The men are charged ■
with violating one of the town ordinances, j
which prohibits the dampening of clothes
at a public laundry- by water sprayed
from the mouth. The ordinance was
passed some time ago by the Board of j
Trustees and was intended to cover just |
such practices as those commonly carried [
on at the Chinese wash-houses. Marshal '
Lloyd and his deputies have frequently I
cautioned the men about the habit, but
they have not heeded the warning. Last I
night the Marshal discovered all but one
of the men in the laundry violating the I
ordinance, and - this afternoon placed '
them under arrest.
Wilkie Removed to a Hospital.
OAKLAND. July Alfred Wllkie. the
well-known tenor, who has been critically
ill with typhoid fever for the past several
weeks and who it was feared was los
ing hie mind, was to-day removed to the
sanitarium at Livermore. owing to the
fear that a third complication in the way
of congestion of the -brain was setting in.
Mrs. Wllkie is also broken down in health
by reason of the worry and anxiety.
Quite Old Enough to Marry.
OAKLAND. July 22.— A marriage license
was issued to-day to David Feustermaker,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 68 years,
to wed Mary Buckingham, a native of
Maine, aged 58 years, both residents of
Oakland. The marriage, it is understood,
will take place to-morrow.
NEWS N
OF THE
DAY €371
I
MORE SILVER
BRICKS MAY RE
IN THE LAKE
Dredging for Hidden
Treasure.
— » —
MANY THEORIES ADVANCED
— * —
PETERSON IS KEEPING THE
SPOT A SECRET.
»
Bacon May Have Been Wading Out
to the Buried Bullion When He
Met His Death Eight Years
Ago.
' Oakland Oflice San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. July 22.
Lake Merritt is a veritable silver mine.
j The brick brought up by the dredger was
| cut in halves to-day, carefully assayed
I and found to contain thirty-eight pounds
I of silver, worth $275.
How the brick got into the lake is. of
course, a mystery. l ' is an ordinary silver
I bullion brick, on the bottom of which is
| th* brand. "J. L." The -action of the mud
' on the outside of th*- brick shows that it
had been in the lake a long time. The
contractor believes that at some time or
Other a robbery of bullion was committed
I and that it was thrown into the lake to
avoid detection and could not afterward
: be- located. He expects to find quite a
number of bricks, and after making a
chart showing the exact location where
the brick was found he moved the dredger
. away so that the treasure hunters would
not "know where to go hunting for silver
bricks.
Many years ago an employe of the Mint
lived in Oakland, on Tenth street, near
; Castro, and -when the house he occupied
: was pulled down long after his death
much gold and silver bullion was found
j buried beneath it. It is not at all unlikely
that the silver brick may have come from
the Mint and have been thrown into the
lake. It is certain that the brick was not
part of the outfit of the bogus Indian and
the gold brick men who manipulated their
i little game in the hills north of the lake,
I for they used brass bricks and in their
possession did not have a single silver
I brick.
About eight years ago a man named
Bacon was found dead in the mud of Lake
i Merrltt. No one knew how or why he got
! into the lake, but it is now supposed to be
likely that he was wading out to recover
some buried treasure and that the suction
of the mud drew him down and he was
drowned. It was said to be a case of
suicide, but there was no known reason
why he should have taken his life.
Ever since the Spanish occupation there
I have been weird stories told of buried
treasure in Lake Merritt. though just why
the Spaiards should always have been
anxious to bury treasure in every part of
the country has never been made plain.
Contractor Peterson is now analyzing
the mud he has pumped up during the
: past week to see if he can find any nug
gets, gold or silver slugs or any more
treasure. He has lost considerable money
so far on his contract to dredge the lake,
but ii he can discover a few bricks of
refined silver and perhaps one or two gold
ones he will come out more than even.
There has been much rivalry among
contractors to obtain the contract of
dredging the lake, and it is said that some
of the contractors who made bids were
aware that there was treasure buried in
the lake and this led them to make such a
bitter fight against Peterson, even after
i the contract had been awarded to him.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, July 22.— The pay roll at
the Judson Iron Works to-day aggregated
$18,000, and the men were given a half
! holiday.
The season's first grain from the ware
houses at Haywards has just been shipped
to San Francisco. The amount was 1400
sacks.
Leon Magues, son of D. Magues, is tak
ing a course preparatory to the vocation
of a rabbi, and delivered a sermon at the
synagogue to-day which was well attend
-1 cd.
Divorce suits were commenced in the
i Superior Court to-day by Bradley Camp
! against Emma Camp, on the ground of
1 desertion, and Eliza Rope against James
Rope, on the ground of failure to provide.
Caroline Bechtel filed Suit to-day against
Warren H. and Charlotte 11. Blood et al.
for the foreclosure of a mortgage on prop
erty on Eighth street, near Chester, Oak
land, given In security on a promissory
note for $2750 dated February 1, 1896, at 8
per cent per annum. .
Officers Kyte and McKeegan to-day ar
rested a young man giving the name of
Sam Johnson on suspicion of attempted
assault on a little girl at Fifth and Cen
ter streets.
J. F. W. Sohst and Henry J. Sohst, who
for the past twenty-five years conducted
a carriage manufactory under the name of
Sohst Bros., to-day dissolved partnership
amicably. Henry Sohst will remain in ■
the employ of his brother. «
William B. King, formerly organist at
the First Congregational Church, and a
prominent figure in musical circles both
here and in San Francisco, has just re
turned from Paris, where he Has been
pursuing his musical studies under the
guidance of the famous French masters.
The estate of Adelaide B. Ewing, de
ceased, has been appraised at $5250. The
three heirs to the estate have been as
sessed $32 9S each on their inheritance of
(659 57. while the legacy of S. H. Ewing
of a life policy valued at $3262 75 is ex
empt from such assessment.
The Board of Education has decided
that at the opening of the next term the
Spanish language will be introduced in the
eurlculum, a half day each week to be
occupied under the direction of Professor
Sanchez.
Rev. Charles G. Adams, recently from
New York, has assumed the rectorship
and charge of St. Andrew's Episcopal
Church, at Ninth and Cypress streets. He
Is reputed to be a divine of great elo
quence.
The Master Plumbers' Association met
at Gier's Hall last night and elected the
following officers for the ensuing year:
E. P. Fury. Alameda, president; J. B.
Cruz, vice president; J. Martin, secretary;
O. C. Kirk, treasurer; J. T. Brady, ser
geant-at-arms.
_____ •_-_»»♦
A New Preserve.
"It is something that I never heard of
myself until this winter," says Miss
Cornelia C.Bedford, the cooking expert,
"but it was so very good that it is
worth recommending. It is not too late
to try it, for there are still cherries in
the market, though there may not be a
week from now. What do you think of
pineapple with cherries? Very good,
indeed, I assure you. Your pineapple
must be grated or choped fine, and the
cherries pitted. Then the pits are boil
ed in a very little water, and after they
have been strained out the sugar is put
Into this liquid to dissolve for the syrup.
There must be equal parts of the fruit.
and the white cherries must be used to
keep the preserve colorless. Allow half
a pound of sugar to a pound of th.*
fruit Into the syrup put the pineapple,
and let it boil until it is nearly clear.
Then add the cherries and boil until
quite clear, which will take usually
from six to eight minutes. Put up hot
in sealed jars as other preserves."
.■♦ « •
The Kind of a Bug He Was.
She— Papa was asking me If you were
not a gold bug. ■__*___
He— just tell papa I am a kissing
And he proceeded to demonstrate.—ln
dianapolis Journal.
1314
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
The visit of the grand matron to Cen
tury Chapter, which has been fixed for
the 27th of the current month, has been
postponed until August 3.
It is expected that the grand patron,
Dr. Lawrence of Los Angeles, will visit
this city in the early part of next month.
That will be his flrst visit to this city
since his election. _
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The following named officers of Her
man Lodge have been installed for the
current term by J. F. Breckenwoldt, D
D. G. M., md staff: A. H. Breckenwoldt,
P. N. G.; E. Krueger N. G.; E. Uebnerm,
V. G. ; J. .lager, P. 8.; J. Altmann. T.; C.
Gottschalk; R.. and J. Fies., L. S. to N.
G.; L. Friedlce R., and W. J. Martin.
L. S. to V. G.; A. Bremer, C.J F. Prinz,
R. S. ii : G. Gellsdooff; L. S. H.:J. Wit
tig; I. G., and G. W. Router. O. G. After
adjournment of the lodge lie new oftlcers
were treated to a banquet.
Grand Patriarch Harris, in company
With Grand Scribe Barnes, will shortly
visit tho camps in the southern part of
the State.
Grand Master W. __. Bonynge during the
past week visited Incinal Lodge at Ala
mtila, Parker Lodge in this city. Harbor
and University lodges in Oakland, the
lodge at Ukiah and the one at Willlts.
On the 24th he will go to < 'ovelo, 25th to
Cato lodge, 20th to Fort Bragg, 27th to
Mendocino and on the 2Sth to Garcia
Lodge at Point Arena.
THE REBEKAHS.
In the list of oflicers of Walhalla Lodge,
recently published several names of the j
Installed officers were omitted because
they were not furnished. The officers i
chosen for the term are: Lottie Bart
holdt. past grand: Lillie Meredith, noble I
grand; Georgiana Hencken, vice grand; j
Josephine Ducrew, recording secretary;
Bertha Specht, financial secretary; Julie
Marks, treasurer; Helena Roeber, con- j
ductor: Rebecca Gerbes, warden; Anna ;
E. Berg, chaplain; Dora Feyhl. right, and !
Annie Bock, left supporter to the noble |
gTand; Mary Hocking, right, and Mary i
Breekwoidt, left supporter to the vice
grand. This lodge now has an active
corps of officers and it is believed that
during the coining term It will make a
good ring. It is the only lodge of the
order working in the German language.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Templar Rebekah Lodge
for the current term, the installation
being by District Deputy Hattie Duley,
assisted by Mrs. Cora Corbett as marshal:
Mrs E. M. McLane. past grand; Mrs. W.
Plath. X. G.; Mrs. J. Walford, V. G. ; Mrs.
Te<sie Hopkins. R. S. ; Mrs. D. S. Spinney.
T. ; Mrs. E. Dreese, I. G.; Mrs. Mollie;
Black. O. G.; Mrs. Mary E. Owen. R., and
Miss M. Peach, L. S. to N. G.: Mrs. Emily
Wessling, R., and Mrs. Genevieve Ash- !
worth. L. S. to V. G. Mrs. Wessling, the
retiring past noble grand, was presented
with a handsome ■.".-I by John Thomp- i
son on behalf of the lodge, and then
Grand Patriarch J. W. Harris presented
to the junior past noble grand from the
lodge an embroidered collar of her rank
in the order. The ceremonies were fol
lowed by a collation and tite ending of
a pleasant hour.
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho secretary of the,
Assembly of California, has returned from '■
her vacation in the country.
Mrs. Helen M. Carpenter, president of
the assembly, has just concluded a visit
to twenty lodges in the southern part of
the State.
Reports from the different lodges in the
jurisdiction show an increase in every
one.
Verdant Lodge of Sonoma, unsolicited,
has contributed $5 to the Golden Jubilee
fund. It is the first of the Rebekahs that
has donated to the fund. It is thought
the example will be followed by all the
lodges of that order.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The ladies' night given by Pacific Par
lor in honor of the recently elected officers
was a most pleasant affair that was at
tended by a very large number of the lady
friends of the members. Those who took
part in the programme of entertainment
were: Miss Campe, soprano; E. Hibbert,
barytone solo; William J. Hynes, comic
specialties; Miss R. Roche, piano recital;
Little Dottie .- holtz, song and fancy
dance: instrumental selections by the
Hamilton Grammar School Band: Messrs.
Klumpe and Wilson, mandolin and guitar
duet; and comicalities by '.. Huffschmidt.
During the evening the majority of the
new ortieers who constituted tne reception
committee served ice cream and cakes,
likewise lemonade, to their guests.
Mt. Tamalpais Parlor of San Rafael, of
which George K. Herzog is president and
W. F. Magee is secretary, recently ini
tiated eighteen candidates as a result of
Its display on the Fourth.
Max Glass, D. D. G. P.. installed the of
ficers of Las Positas trior at Livermore
last Monday and those of E.ien Parlor at
Haywards last iuesday.
Last evening thf-re was a meeting of the
parlor of instruction in Native Sons' Hall
upon the invitation of Grand President
Mattison. All local district deputies and
parlor officers were present, when there
was given instructions in the ritualistic
work so that the same may be performed
in the manner required by "the ritual. Con
siderable interest was taken in th* In
structions given. A number of the grand
office:- were present.
There was a meeting of the grand offi
cers yesterday for the purpose of consid
ering business of general importance and
at the same rime the visiting board di
vided the State Into districts.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On the night of the 15th inst. the officers
of La Estrella Parlor for the present
term were installed by District Deputy
Mrs John A. Bteinbach, assisted by Mrs.
C. S. Baker, as past grand president;
Mrs. Mac Church, as grand marshal; Miss
E. Gruber, as grand secretary, and Miss
E. Utschig as grand treasurer. The speak
ing parts of the installation work by Mrs.
Steinbach and Mrs. Baker were with that
eloquence, lmpressiveness and precision
which have gained for those ladies the
reputation of being the best deputies in
San Francisco. The new officers are: Miss
Carrie Fenstermacher, past president;
Laura Oilman, president; Julia Vasselin.
Emma Thierbach and Dr. Lillie Bolde
mann, vice presidents; Alice Maunder, re
cording secretary; Alice Boldemann,
financial secretary: May Boldemann.
treasurer: Jennie Siewart. marshal; Bir
die iirtman. Inside, and Gussie Bello,
outside sentinel: Mrs. R. P. Gale. Tillie
Rothman and Madge Lessley. trustees.
There was the presentation of a star
shaped, diamond set pin to the retiring
president. This parlor now has sixty-sev
en members and is a model of harmony.
Buena Vis and >ro Flno parlors have
each voted So a month toward the support
of the Native Daughters' Home. If all
the parlors would do likewise there would
be a maintenance fund that would en
able the board of management to increase
the fulness of the home.
Oro Flno Parlor has decided to give a
Fheet and pillowcase party and to donate
the net. proceeds to the Home fund.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Phebe Hearst Hive having become the
nuxiliary of Golden West Tent. K. O. T.
M.. has changed its name to Golden West
Hive. The hive has asked the supreme
commander's permission to take in mem
bers at a reduced initiation fee. The offi
cers of this hive, tog-ether with the mem
bers of the tent, propose to make it the
leading hive not only of the city but of
the jurisdiction. Lady Commander Bates,
who was absent from the city for four
months, has returned, and is prepared to
take an active part in behalf of the hive.
Lady Sentinel Nansen of this hive recent
ly left for Europe, and on the eve of her
departure was presented a magnifi
cent emblematic badge as a keepsake of
pleasant associations with the members
of tite hive.
The Supreme Hive met in Port Huron,
Mich., last Tuesday. In the past two
years the order made a net Increase of
37.526, and it is claimed that this la the
most successful exclusively ladies' order
In the Union.
San Francisco Hive No. 8 will give an
entertainment and dance on next Wed
nesday evening in I'nion Square Hall.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
Last week High Chief Ranger Boehm
installed the officers of Court San Joaquin
at Stockton. On Tuesday he visited Court
Bohemian in this city and there presented
past chiefs' certificates to S. Mish, Dr. J.
filer and M. Fuetscher. On Thursday
night. In company with Permanent Secre
tary Falconer, he visited Court Hartford
ii Vallejo and installed the officers for
that court; and on Tuesday he installed
the officers of Court Benicia at the city
jf that name.
James A. HabbettS. a member of Court
Apollo, In a letter to his court, writing
from 22 Rue dv Grand Prlcure, Paris, says
'.hat he will be pleased during the Paris
Exhibition to have any brother Forester
Latest Fraternal News.
call upon him and that he will do all in
his power to make his stay in the capital
city of France pleasant and give all infor
mation desired.! There was a banquet,
which was enjoyed by the grand officers,
the members and friends of Court Cor
delia who paid a fraternal visit.
During the week the high chief ranger
visited Court Kensington, Court Sher
wood Forest an Court German-America.
Last night he, in company with Perma
nent Secretary Falconer, instituted Court
Isleton at Isleton with a good charter
list.
The officers of Court Star of the Mis
sion were Installed by the board of dep
uties, and George Williams, the retiring
chief ranger, \^us presented a fine gold
badge, certificate and ribbon.
Deputy C. S. Baillie Installed the offi
cers of Court California las' Monday, and
after the ceremony there was an enjoya
ble time at a banquet to the deputy and
new officers.
Court Lincoln will pay a fraternal visit
to Court Twin Peaks next Wednesday.
COMPAXIOXS OF THE FOREST, A.O.F.
On the night of the Bth Inst., at a meet
ing of the executive council, Mrs. Sarah
Beversen. P. S. G. C. C, was presented
the solitaire diamond ring voted her at
the recent session of the Supreme Circle
in recognition of services rendered by her
during several years as head of the order.
The presentation was by Past Supreme ;
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Minnie Ash
er, and in addition to that gift she was
presented a very handsome collar of the
rank sho occupies in the order. All the
officers of the council were present.
The party recently given by Sherwood
I Circle in the social hall of Foresters'
i building was well attended, and, as other
social functions given by this very ener
> getic Circle, it was a most enjoyable one.
Mrs. K. M. Howard was the chairwoman of
; the committee of arrangements, Mrs. Kate
Hart the floor manager, and the other
members of the committer were Mrs. Ef
fie Fergeson, Mrs. Sadie Davis, Miss Otte
, lia Meyer, Mrs. Frank Goodman and Mrs.
Esther Dunn.
Max Boehm at a meeting of the execu
| tive council was presented a regalia of
the rank of past supreme grand chief
companion In recognition of services to
'. the order in the past.
Sherwood Circle on last Monday pre
; sented Mrs. Nellie Harvey, one of its re
tired officers, a very handsome breastpin
in recognition of her services to the cir
cle.
The public installation of the officers of
Mazzinl Circle las- week by Deputy Mrs.
Virginia Cervalli, assisted by Deputy Mrs.
R. P. Gale, was one of the most pleasant
affairs of the kind that has taken place
this season. After the new officers had
! been Installed, there were short addresses,
, and then the presentation of a beautiful
parlor lamp as a token of esteem from
j the circle to Mrs. Cervalli, who has been
i a most faithful and hard worker for the
j circle and the order. There was a tine
programme of song and music anil danc
ing. There was a banquet for tiie new
officers and their intimate friends.
THE CHOSEX FRIENDS.
Last week Grand Recorder Wallis in
stalled the officers of Concord Council,
and then followed a banquet. The same
night District Deputy Day, assist* by
■ he grand recorder, installed the officers
of Friendship and Sacramento Councils
In Sacramento. There was a large at
tendance, and a programme followed the j
ceremony.
On July 13 Evans Council initiated one
candidate for Crystal Council.
During tne past week Friendship Coun
cil received three applications— t lie first
ln three years. Covenant Council initi
ated one candidate. Garden City Council
of San Jose initiated two ana Washing
ton Council one.
The officers of Washington Council were
installed on the 19th by Deputy Nichols;
assisted by Past Chief Mrs. McCreary;
the same officers also tailed the offi
cers of Samaritan Council.
Social Council had initiations and the
insta.iation of its officers last Thursday
night. Friday the officers of Unity Coun-
Last Friday the of:. nity Coun
cil of Oakland were publicly installed by
Deputy Emma Jackson, Grand Recorder
Wallis and other grand officers.
Grand Councilor Savage will pay an of
ficial visit to Pacific Council on the 281
Last week the officers of Golden
Gate Council were installed by Deputy
Councilor F. A. Taylor. After the cere
mony there was a banquet and during the
i evening a gold-headed cane was presented
to Councilor Simon, who tuts served sev
eral terms in the chair. The gitt '•■ as in
recognition of his fidelity to the order and
his zeal for the council of which he has
been the head for so long a time.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
On Monday, July 10, Verba Bu< na Lodge
initiated one candidate and the officers
for the current term were install* by
the grand officers, after which there was
a banquet at which one hundred were
present. During the evening a beautiful
«ilk banner, contributed by Grand Dic
tator Archibald, was presented to the
lodge for having during the year in
itiated the greatest number of members,
and Yerba Buena is now the banner lodge
and has a banner to maintain Its claim.
After this presentation there v., an
other A. M. McPherson, on behalf of
the lodge, presented to the retiring past
dictator a fine gold chain for the vest,
with pendant attached, enameled in the
colors of the order— white, yellow and red.
During the evening the Swedish Quartet
rendered a number of selections and there
were a number of songs and responses
to toasts offered by W. S. Pierce, the
toast master.
The officers of Liberty Lodge were In
stalled last Monaay by the grand offi
cers This lodge will hold a picnic at Los
Gatos on the 9th of September.
Center Lodge initiated four candidates
at its last held meeting and received two
applications.
Occidental Lodge will consolidate with
V -..;■. Lodge on the 26th Inst, and
Fortuna Lodge will consolidate with Ivy
Lodge on the 2?th. ;
A circular will be issued shortly, ex
plaining in full the reason for the change
in the rates of assessments.
■
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Last week Grand Chancellor Arndt vis
ited Roma and Jefferson lodges in joint
session in this city, and after the busi
ness of the visit was over there was an
adjournment to a restaurant, where there
was a feast of good things and speeches.
Last Monday the grand chancellor vis
ited the lodges of Sacramento In joint
session on the 18th he visited Davisville,
19th Vallejo, 20th Palo Alto, 21s1 Los Ga
to.-., 22d San Jose, and on the 24th he will
visit" Stockton. ..,_,,, , t-,
Last Tuesday night California, Damon
and Golden Gate Lodges had a joint
smoker in Pvthlan Castle, when a good
programme of music and songs was pro
sented.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
At the last held meeting of Argonaut
Council of the Royal Arcanum one stran
ger was admitted and two applications
were received. The death of W. F. Mar
tin, auditor of the Telephone Company,
who was one of the trustees of the Coun
cil was announced. During the past six
months the council has increased its
membership by thirty.
Since Golden West Council moved to
the Mission its meetings have been well
attended. At the last held meeting one
application was received.
Buena Vista Council elected one candi
date at its last held meeting and will have
two to initiate at its next meeting, Un
der the leadership of Regent Gunzendor
fer and his corps of active officers this
new council Is on the road to success.
The following named have been com
missioned deputy grand regents for San
Francisco: J. B. Whitney of Argonaut
Council, Thomas Banks of Golden West
and Dr. R. E. Hartley of Buena Vista.
Two new councils are to be instituted—
one in Los Angeles County and one In
Solano County. Th*- order has made a net
gain of 1000 members in the past three
months. •
ORDER OF PENDO.
On the night of July 13 the officers of
Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Pendo were installed In the Foresters'
building, and the installation being pub
lic there was In attendance a large num
ber of the friends of the members. The
ceremony was followed by an i/iteresting
programme of musical and literary num
bers, which were well received.
A new council is to be organized ln this
city about the 25th Inst. During the month
of June but $877 was required to meet re
lief claims. It was the healthiest month
ln the history of the order.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
The report presented by Grand Secre
tary Thomas Poyser at the recent session
of the Grand Lodge held in this city
shows that since the previous session
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1599.
there were institued a lodge at Sacra
mento, one at Jackson, one at Sutter
Creek and one at Victoria. B. C; thai
there was an increase of 221 members dur
ing that period, but that there were lb
deaths andtheloss of ISO members by sus
pensions and withdrawals, making the net
gain during the year 25. The claims on
the sick fund were only $150, while the
funeral benefits were $1150. The report of
Frank Winterburn, grand treasurer, is an
interesting account in detail of receipts
and expenditures. It was decided to allow
the grand secretary a monthly salary 01
$25. Minor changes in the constitution
were adopted, and a vote of thanks was
extended to the San Francisco lodges for
their entertainment of the delegates, me
next session will be- held in San Francis
co In July. 1900. The unpleasant row be
tween Policeman Williams and William
Crasshev in regard to Mayor Phelan did
not occur during the banquet, but alter
the banquet was over and in the hall out
side the banquet room.
AMERICAN GUILD.
Los Gatos Chapter was instituted last
Monday night by Deputy Supreme Gov
ernor R. W. McGarvie in Los Gatos with
eighteen charter members. The following
well-known business men of that place are
its first officers: F. F. Watkins. past gov
ernor; Z; J- Lefevre, governor; L. li. iai
free. vice governor; E. E. Place, secretary
and treasurer; L. W. Moore, chaplain, J.
A. Bunds, warden; A. T. Gillith. guard;
Dr. L. S. Mace, medical examiner H.Vv.
Lupton. F. W. Eglington and F. * . Wat
kins, trustees.
The widow of J. M. Barley who was a
member of San Francisco Chapter and
was killed while switching an engine 111
the Southern Pacific yard in this city, has
received the amount of the beneficiary
certificate in her favor. .„_,_,.;„,,
San Francisco Chapter at its meeting
las, Wednesday night initiated a candi
date he being a member of several orders.
He declared that the initiatory ceremony
of this order approaches nearer common
sense Than any he knows of .and that the
man who got up ritual is entitled to
thanks for having eliminated from it all
that In a number of cases is mystifying
a Deputy ~ Supreme Governor McGarvie
went to" Watsonville last Thursday, and
from there he will go to San Jose.
The Fraternal Monitor in alluding to the
electron of S. Galeski. supreme secretary
of the guild, as president of the Provident
Savings Bank of Richmond, Va., speaks
of him in the highest terms as a man of
integrity, success and ability, and sa> s
that his election to the new position is a
tribute to his worth.
SENTINELS OF THE FN I VERSE.
Supreme Secretary Brackett has re
turned after an absence of a month, dur
ing which time he organized a council In
Portland, Or., and one in Seattle. Wash.,
and secured agents for Oregon, Washing
ton I'tah and Colorado. New councils
are in progress of organization 111 all
these States. , _ . , ,
The executive committee has decided
that the certificates of all members ten
years or more in the order shall be paid
half in cash and the remainder in monthly
payments during a period of live years
without any deduction of Supreme Council
1 The local councils are organizing a min
strel troupe, to be known as the bentinel
: adours. .-__«, •* <* n,_
The officers of Franklin Council of Oak
inn.i have been installed by Supreme Sen
tinel J. L. Geary Jr.
Washington Council has secured new
Quarters in the . tzar building.
' Jeff.T«on Council at its last held meeting
received nineteen applications. This coun
cil is working for prizes offered by the
Supreme Sentinel. The council will give
an entertainment and dance on the first
meeting night In August in Its new quar
ters at Twenty-fourth and iolsom
Sl Welfs'ter Council initiated three candi
dates last week and conferred the iceman
degree on one. _
.« ♦ »
THE SECRETARY'S DAUGHTER,
Youngest Companion Occupies First
Place in a Circle of Compan
ions of the Forest.
Washington Circle at its last held meet
ing had a large attendance of members
and visitors from- other circles, ati on
that nieht as to be installed with the
other otlicers pretty Miss Dalsie E. Fal
coner daughter of John Falconer, per
manent secretary of the Ancient Order
of Foresters, and of his wife, Mr?. M. J--.
Falconer, siipnme grand chief companion
of the Companions of the Forest as .chief
companion of the circle. Miss Falconer
is not only pretty but is the youngest
con panion who has ever been electee to
nreside over a circle in this city. Ihe
meetine was also marked by the tact tha.
thY executive board paid Its official VfislV
The new officers who were installed by
the board of deputies, of which Mrs.i,. I .
Gale is the president, are: Miss Daisie fc_.
Falconer, chit companion: Mrs. Carcass,
sub-chief companion; Mrs. Uassman,
financial secretary; John Falconer, re
cording secretary; Mrs. Minnie Asher,
treasurer; Mrs. Collins, right, and Mrs.
Woods, i- ft guide; Miss Berry, inner,
and Mrs. Michaels, outer guard; Miss M.
Rosine, organist, and Dr. J. A. McDon
ald, physician. _ ,
After the installation there was an ad
journment to the Social Hall of the for
esters' building, where there was served
a bounteous collation. The father ot the
new chief who himself is a past supreme
}rrand chief companion of the order, pre
sided as *;•,.. head of the table and wel
comed those who were present in a pleas
ing- address. There was an address by
Max Boehm, high chief ranger of the
Ancient Order of Foresters; Instrumental
music by Miss R. Rosine, Miss Hayes
and Mrs Garborino; responses to toasts
by Mrs C Bacon. M. Single of Jackson,
Amador County; Mrs. M. E. Falconer. S.
G *' C • Miss Daisie E. Falconer; Mrs.
]• p' Gale P. E. >'... and John Hender
son, sub-high chief rancor of the A. O. F. :
vocal solos by M. Wagner and Miss Ro
sine; recitation by Miss Ambrose, and an
exhibition of fancy dancing by Miss Juliet
Turpin. It was past midnight before
"Home, Sweet Home" was played.
Installed in Office.
John T. Kidd, D. D. G. M. W., assisted
by Deputy Masters McKnlght and Cun
ningham, Installed the following named
as officers of Eureka Valley Lodge, A. O.
U. w.. for th? current term: John Fies,
past master workman; Charles Fleisher,
master workman; W. Adams, foreman;
James inn, overseer; Frederick Kim
ball, financier; J. D. Siemers, receiver;
John T. Kidd. recorder; John Bahrs,
guide; George Michaels, Inside watch
man; and Theodore L. Trounin, outside
watchman.
Justice circle. Companions" of the For
est, A. O. F., will have the following
named as Its officers for the current term,
they having been installed at the last
held meeting of the circle: Mrs. F. L. Fer
nandez, chief companion (continued in of
fice); Mrs. M. Jepson, sub-chief compan
ion.; Mrs. Will Taddich, treasurer; Mrs.
John Lopez, financial secretary; Mrs.
George Axtell, recording secretary; Mrs.
E. Postic, right guide; Mrs. Miller, left
guide; Mrs. M. Schiller, guard; Dr. M«-
Gill, physician. Mrs. Fernandez, the chief
companion, re-elected, was by the circle
presented a beautiful gold badge in token
of the members' esteem of her.
The. carriers at the main Postoffice have
organized the Postoffice Outing Club and
Installed the following officers for the cur
rent term of six months: Joseph Spiller,
keeper of the canteen; Peter Fay, chief
dust lcveler; Thomas Lynch, story teller;
E. Iscoris, secretary; and George Max.
president. The purpose of the club is to
give the members outings within rea
sonable distance of the city. The first
outing will be to Mount Tamalpais to
das. yy
Calaveras Parlor was visited at Its last
held meeting by District Deputy Grand
President Mrs. G. Baker, who. after the
meeting had been called to order by Mrs.
E. W. French, Installed the following of
ficers for the current term, being assist
ed by Mis. Ella Wehe as grand marchal:
Miss' Lucille Frank, past president; Miss
Martha McFarland, president; Miss Lizzie
Wrede, first: Miss Henrietta Oehme, sec
ond, and Miss Agnes McVerry, third vice
president; Miss Josle Hartmena, finan
cial secretary; Mrs. Anna Ballly, treas
urer; Mrs. Annie Osborne, marshal; Miss
Lizzie Dever, Miss E. Mueller and Mrs.
Catherine Ryan, trustees. This parlor
will give a party in the banquet hall. Na
tive Sons' building, August 17.
Miss Minnie F. Dobbins, D. D. G. P..
assisted by Nellie Clark as grand marshal
and Sarah Osterman as grand president,
installed the following named as officers
of STosemite Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters for the current term: Mrs. Reardon,
past president; Mrs. Flinn. president;
j Mrs. Ragan, first; Mrs. Landers, second,
and Miss Gilmore. third vice president;
Mrs. Kalthoff, recording secretary; Miss
Burgess, financial secretary; Miss Arm
strong, marshal; Miss Reardon, treasurer;
Miss Biumenthal, inside, and Mrs. Sul
livan, outside sentinel.
» ■»■
Junior Order U. A. M.
Abraham Lincoln Council No. 2. Junior
Order of United American Mechan
ics, at its last held meeting had
State Treasurer George Montell and
Past Councilor Sweet of East Oak
land as visitors. The former informed
the council that a new council had been
instituted in the southern part of the
State. During the past week this council
lost two of its members by death. One
was Adolph C. Jacob, who last Sunday
was laid to rest in Cypress Lawn, and the
other. H. A.; Clapp, who last Thursday
was followed to the grave in the Masonic
Cemetery. Mr. Jacob was well known
in church circles, being at the time of his
death Sunday-school superintendent of
the First M. E. Church and third vice
president of the Epworth League of this
city. The funeral was under the auspices
of the Junior Order and the service by the
Methodist Episcopal church. The Metal
roofers, of which he was a member, at
tended in a body. He was an ardent
— -— *■— £y~t[ jyT^ss''" i^f" ,n *^S / _^ mjx4 n "~' r f]!V n '^y < jg^^ Jg^"-a*"
~""~ --•««£_=-_-_■-*-. g| -—- -.^ J .__ _
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rata*.
manner of reaching them, etc When writing please mention The CalL
— — — — -.-.-. ■-.— .-. -. -. -. — —-. ■________________■_________!
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall ln Lake County, together , with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. -».,-._.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small pan:- plentiful; magnilicent drives;
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest staee route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $S; via Calistoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway tO Hopland, or
P P. R. R. to Calistoga- For illustrated pam-
phlet cr further information address J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake County. ■ Cal.. or see
L D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer .Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland. '"„.'_.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKKL.
620 Post st . Sin Francisco.
The Valley
of Prunes.
Hotel Vendome is in San jose, in
the Santa Clara Valley, the valley
of prunes. Hotel Vendome is head-
quarters for Lick Observatory vis
ors. It is a modern hotel and sum-
mer resort— a place of pleasure and
health of rest and recreation.
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose. a j.
SKftGGSHOTSPRIHGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY <'-.- HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles- stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain Fcenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STACK SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $7.70. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a
week. References, any guest .if the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
.....CTNA SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over.
Till .Etna did their hopes fullfll,
And there they lived in clover.
Apply W. L. MITCHELL, Manager, Aetna
Springs, Napa County, or J. 11. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' bldg.; S. F. ; telephone Mint 1835.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ! CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL L AM-
ple accommodations in Hotel; also in new
cottages. Just completed.
Mrs. f\. T. MOORE.
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT view,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open tor guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, $S to $7) per -week: special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE Frtß/Vt.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND Rus-
sian River. 2% miles from Guerneville.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms, .7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON. Guerneville. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING, HUNTING, BATHING:
fresh milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms. $7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale,
Cal. Free carriage.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT ?rs£SE
Ing spot, rest, health: perfect atmosphere; train
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market. I
1 worker for the principles .of the Junior \
°The' installation of the officers of Starr
1 King Council, which was public, was ax j
. tended by 'many persons and the ceremonj
was followed by a pleasing entertainment
the principal feature being mind-reaa nt,
by Professor Baltimore. The evening |
1 closed with dancing. • ■ _... i
At the last held meeting of I. S. ra " , -
Council No. 19 the following named oni
cers were installed for the current term.
O. C. Baldwin, junior past councilor; a.
A. Moening, councilor; J. P. Spaar. vice
councilor; E. H. Settlage, recording secre
tary; N. L. Knowles. assistant; E. «•
Carr, financial secretary; W. A. Lord,
treasurer; W. P. Mason, chaplain: D.
Hemphill, conductor; W. A. Miller,
warden; G. W. Best, inside, and R. ft
Jenkins, outside sentinel. The installing
officer was Past Councilor C. T. Quirey,
Who acted in the absence of the deputy I
State councilor. The installation was fol- j
lowed by short talks by the new officers
and a very interesting lecture on "Good
j Government" by the retiring- past coun
cil* J. W. Rogers. The new officers are
popular in the council and said to be ener
getic, so the council expects good results
during their incumbency.
i _ •■*• — .
Cascarone at the Mission. |
| At a meeting of the members of Hes
perian Parlor of the Native Sons _and_of
Las Lomas Parlor, Native} Daughters,
I last Friday night the following named
! committees, Charles H. Ehlert, William
j D. Moller, L. B. Daggett, C. P. Lcmogs
l and James McLaughlin, representing the
Sons, and Misses li. A. Gimpel, A. M.
I Bell. J. Moller, Miss M. Layton, B. Con-
I lin and N. Waters, representing the
I Daughters, reported that they had eom
| pleted all arrangements for the Cascarona
!i j?<as®lß®iy@s j
I tit? fl (^ ° _• I
I inlciAL^iPiPasaiaJs I
!--- 1
111 I '
,| Are arranged with every mod- jj
!|J crn convenience for health or J
||j pleasure bathing. Private tub ||
;,'! baths for those who wish them J|
Ij — sulphur plunge, iron shower, I.
|j soda, salt glows, etc. Com- || •
| petent women and masseurs jj|
II and attendants. Write for book.
I; Otto E. Never. Prop.. City office jj
|l Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market St. U
Region
— With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET DRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP. .
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
; A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders.
: etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Offlce, 613 Market st. (Grand
Hote 1). •
nana IAA HOT springs. - This
-JllUfßlVlE b - B,ltlful summer and
J 2,3 iS I* I■■ 1 1 winter resort. now
I i 1 I 113 I **_¥ owned and managed by
DR. J PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Ran*-" Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
: plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds:
- comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
I hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
I cupying entire cottages, or invalids <r others
| remaining more than one month. Trains dally
! from Third and Townsend St. depot, 9 a. m.
: Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso > Round trip. $8. For further
I information address J. PERRAULT, M.D., Pa-
I raiso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st . S. F.
! PYRON
-""T HOT SPRINGS
Have the only known remedy
for Rheumatism. — the Hot
Mineral R .th = . Address inquiries to
A. BETTENS, Mgr., at the Springs, or LOM-
BARD & CO., room 30, _2'_ Geary st., agents.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
P.. ROBERTSON (for the past flve years at
Paraiso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and Improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
ing. Trains leave Third and Townsend sts., S.
F., at 9a. m. and 2:43 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
ls located In the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Paclflc offices, $10.
JOHN SPA CEDING. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
Ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE, SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better in Lake Co. gas indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage-meets train at Napa City. AN-
i DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
party to be given in Mission Parlor Hall
next Friday night: that C. P. I-")' re
had be. selected as floor manager and B.
,' 1„ as assistant; that members of
Hesperian Parlor will be the floor com-
Sit£e and members of .Las Lorna'S _;*••-:
[or will be the reception committee. The
members of both parlors are working to
tho end that this affair shall be the most
pleasant that has ever been given in Mis
sion Parlor Hall.
Fraternal Bohemians.
The newly organized Order of the Bo
hemians of America, an aggres.si.ve • ff
shoot of the Fraternal Order of Eagles,
',vtn have a session in Sacramento to-day,
an Colonel Henry Kowalsky. Emillo
I «treto and T. J. Cwwley. leading spirits
in the new society, have gone up to par-
HMnate The Sacramento Hospitium will
confer the "Bohemian" and "Owl" degrees
upon a number of members, and there
will be a general pow-wow among ihe
eh efs of the fraternal clan, with a view
nf preparing a plan of campaign to ad
vance membership and establish new
hospitlums throughout the State.
Monadnock Tribe.
Monadnock Tribe No. 100, Improved Or
der of Red Men. the baby tribe or this
"., cave its tirst party last Friday night
m Mi-ion Opera Lodge Hall. It was
complimentary to the friends of the mem
bers and there was an attendance that
fined the hall. There was presented a
..leasing programme of entertainment,
which was followed by a dance. ■
For Stabbing Another Boy.
James Moran. a boy 16 years of age, liv
ing on Harrison avenue, was arrested yes
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND,
8% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, CaL
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
i and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
j to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
' of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropoie and Island Villa.
I Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents, 621 Market St., San Fran-
cisco. ■'-*'
ffrMM= — =M M -
/-' ' i^___s_\E^r)ML -
_^*d___n_sL'_ 7-___-r*-?--P- « 7 s^>_/_Et_\
" * *• ■'^afe__Sr' 3PH&li§r
.^_B?§iP§|i_____rf
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and '• assured j del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets, Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now in Effect
Apply at . New Montgomery St.. 8. F.
' SISaORCHARDSsffIgS.-
RESTand ORCHARDhiIm^,
HEALTH SPRINGS »-?s£»
****■ *■*■*■*■* •+*** the 0. P.R.R.
i Plain Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Tear
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs. Chicago Park, Cal.
j SARATOGA SPRINGS, b^ty.
Up in ths mountains near the lakes,
and in the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP $9.50
J. Martens, prop.; city office, 416 Pine st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING: HAND-
eome furniture; 50 outside rooms; every
i modern convenience: electric bells and lighting;
perfect .sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
, venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
i and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
; sample room. LYMAN 11. TOLFREE, Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUX MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
Aching; artificial lake for boating and swim-
ming: long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTf.RS. Glenwood,
Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs; baths;
furnished cottages. Terms, $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Srnd for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished &-room cottages; good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting: finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel. 1021',. Market st, bet.
Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J' R. MORRIS. PROP., NAPA COUNTY,
• Cnl. Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
County, 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery: mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives:
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture In a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.'
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Franci.co Table under personal care of
MRS, m. MERRY. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Siskiyou County. Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
terday by Policeman Royston and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Thursday after
noon Moran ran amuck on Folsom street
and Harrison, avenue, and after striking
two or three other boys drew a knife
and stabbed Frank Fragley, MTRirtledge
avenue, over the ri*rht eye. Ihe wound
was dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
The boy Fragley is a grandson of the
Superintendent of streets.
Advances made on furniture and piano?, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ORDINANCES INVALID.
Judge Mogan Insists That a De
fendant Is Innocent Until
Proven Guilty.
J. Ohatterton, a teamster, appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday to answer a
charge of having obscene pictures in his
possession and the Judge dismiss* th .
ca=:e on the ground thai the ordlnan* «_
under which the charge was made is un
constitutional.
Subdivision 5 of section 20, order 1597,
provides that the defendant must show
that he had the pictures in his possession
innocently or for a lawful purpose, throw
ing the onus of proof upon him and be
ing directly opposed to the dictum of the
constitution that a man is presumed to
be innocent until he is proved .guilty.'
"Th* same objection," said the Judge,
"applies to the ordinance regarding lot
tery tickets, and I have instructed Prose
cuting Attorney Joachimsen to bring the
matter to the attention of the Board of
Supervisors so that the ordinances pay be
amended to conform with the law."
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW TORK. BOS-
ton or Intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH, NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic Una
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER, NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT. CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER, BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac. Tunnel are a few
of the Interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash is
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
dacks, White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because It ls the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for illus-
trated and descriptive tours, "Lake and
Sea" R. C. CLINE,
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R.,
Los Angeles. Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur. Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffieboard. croquet and other
games. Accommodations flrst-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. t'tage
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE <£_
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co.. Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa County, Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury ln the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. AJso natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs. 145 degs.
New 2-story hotel and flne new bath-house.
Board and lodging, Including baths, $3 and $1(1
per week. WM. OELGART, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
3 LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma County,
cr apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., fop
particulars.
1 »
f 4 1. ICR All Most beautiful spot in Laka
\,J\I\L,JUJ\V county. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all els»
failed, especially ln stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS, CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor.
HOTEL BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES, LAKEPORT, CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion, 80x
40: fronts lake 200 ft.; fine bowling alley and
shuffieboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free- children's playground; good table; no Chi-
nese' help. F. & A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with cne of the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 -0 S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah: thence by
stage. Address J. . WILSON, Bertha, Lake
County, Cal. __
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, Cal.)
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a first-class summer and winter
resort. For particulars apply to the manager,
Round trip only $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
X/irfcCr^MITTH San Francisco to Chl-
I vF^LiTH I I-s nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile .
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery st.San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A qu'.et foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 6 miles
from Santa Cruz: delightful summer home In
the redwoods; running water; abundance of
fruit; good table; terms Jo per week; children
under 10. $3. Address W. *_--ANDELL. Santa
Cruz. Cal.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good" rooms; $*> per week and up. Address
MRS S. SMITH, Calistoga, Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZIANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa.
*
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Tha Call" visiting the
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" senttothem
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam-
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents .'.','. ..pen Week
65 Cents peP Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.LEASHMEH HAVE
A DAY REPLETE
WITH FINE SPORT
Run an Incredible
Number of Races.
— ♦- —
THE HARES PROVE STRONG
— ♦ —
CONTROLLER, DAISY CLAIR AND
O'HARA IN PUPPY STAKE.
«
Mac's Melody Is Installed a Warm
Favorite in Great Reserve
Stake With Its Immense
Enl
I The field officials of Union Coursing
Park accomplished a remarkable feat
yesterday. They decided sevehty^one
courses in two hours and thirty-five min
utes during tho morning. They then
.-lowed down and ran off forty-four
courses during the' afternoon. Either
number represents a big day's work. At
one time during the morning there were
eleven braces of dogs in the held. Usually
the digs are not slipped until the field is
cleared.
The upsets in form were not numerous.
Pat Reilly, which was at 1 to 5. defeated
Lalla Rookh. Flyaway, at Ito 2 1 -... de
flated Pleasant Girl. Sweet Emma; at
1 to 2, won from Lexington. Controller
was a .. to 5 short-ender, as was High
lice in her race with Auckland.
Whatever chance it. E. «le ti. Lopez's
St. Anthony had in the puppy stake was
wiped out by a desperate race he had
with Sweet Emma. The do'^s ran for
ihree minutes betore they were caught
up. St. Anthony won, but was drawn in
the succeeding round. Rona and Rowdy
Boy ran two minutes and fourteen sec
onds before, they killed; Rona winning.
Owing to th.c length of the programras
to-day coursing will commence upon the
arrival of the 10:15 train, instead of tho
11 o'clock, as announced. The detailed
result of the coursing yesterday fol
low :
Reserve stake — J. Kf.nan'. Royal Buck b*>ut
G. J Panario's Joker; T. Butler's Susie heat
I F. Halten's Tic Tac; Pasha Kennel*' Emm
Pasha beat Lowe .fc Thompson's ijulckstitrh:
H. A. Deckelman's filen Chloe beat .1. Byrnee*
Olympus; eheiia & Gaffney's Snapshot beat J.
Keenan's Fear Not; .1. McCormick' s White
Lily beat H. Hessler's Bessie B; J. Byrnes
Eleven Spot beat M, London's Leonidas; M. J.
O'Neii'- Pat Reilly heat .1. Kerrieans Lalla
R.^.-'kh: J. Mahler's Saiefruard beat George I.a
--h-se- Fireball; D. J. Healey,'- For Glory
be.it J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips: George K.
El;mann's Fireman beat .!. Dennis' The Devil;
... Johnson's Ted Sloan beat H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Kirby; Lord & Ilerbst's Revolver
beat Aeneid Kennels' Van Clole; Bartel Broth
er.' Mac's Melody beat R. E. de It. Lopez's
Santa Rita; F. Brown's Alma beat Courtney ;
ii- Here's Douglas; S. E. Portal's Bonnie Scot- j
land beat W. C. Glasson's Terronite; Handy & I
Smith's Victor h->at J. Byrne's Battleship; E. 1
M. Kell^s's Kid McCoy beat R. Attridge's I
i 'harming May; F. A. McComb's One Spot j
beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin; J.
O'Dowd's Shootover beat J. Perry's Commodore i
Nash; Paly A Srebein's Shvlock Boy beat S. j
17 Portal's Laurelwood; F. A. McComb's Lit- j
tie Joker beat J. Browning's Pempsey Lass; J
J. 11. I'erigro's Pretty Girl beat Handy &
Smith's Dauntless; Handy A- Smith's Lady 1
Hupo beat J. Connollv's Southern Cross: Rus- j
sell. Allen A Wilson's Belle Clair beat F. Her- !
rir.ij's St. Elmo; W. H. Jones' Rustan beat j
P.isha Kennels' Alameda: Bartel Brothers' H f n
Hur beat Chella & Gaffnev's Sir .lohn Arnot: j
Hurley &- ReillyTs O. K. Capitol beat Lowe &
Thompson's Patria; Larkev & Rock's Minerva
beat Hurley & Reiliy's Star of Cuba; Handy &
Smith's Mona beat J. SfegTsor.'s White Chief:
Hurley <t . Reiliy's Richmond Queen beat i
Pasha Kennels' Fle.-ting Fancy: D. J.
Healey's Grenada beat J. Dennis' Oc- *
tober V^oodcook; H. F. Anderson's Craw- j
ford Braes beat J. I. O'Brien's statesman: .
I'asha Kennel's Rest Assured beat Taylor *fc
Maxwell's Lamplighter; I». Ford.. Bonlta beat
Pasha Kennels' Road Agent; Pashs Kennels' I
Firm Friend beat V. <;uerrero's R*»y Alfanso;
Taylor «* Maxwell's Rounding Belle beat F.
Moran's Bit of Fashion; Curtis & Son's Cava-']
Her l*eat NY. C. Glasson's Border's Valentine;
E. and R. Scott? Lord Byron beat J. Perry's j
Black Chief: Handy & Smith":- Magic beat
Larkey & Rock. Liberty Bell; Smith <S.- Dray
don's Mountain Belle heat I'asha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs: i*. Hooper's Koolawn beat i
George _■-_. Elimann's Handicap: Sterl >v j
Ki\. w|e ? - Wag beat Handy & Smith's Bree and j
Easy; V. Guerrero's Silence beat F. Moran's
Flying Faster; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat
R. Attridge's Masterpiece; E. M. Kellogg's
lowa Gir! beat i. Ward's Ruth Ashmore; J.
Kerrigans Lady Blanche beat H. Weber's
Montana; Russell: Allen ."i Wilson's Lady
Herschel teat A. Ohmeyer's Fleetfoot: S. E.
Portal's Gallagher beat Ed Wilson's Magnesia;
M. Loudcn's Magneto beat W. Goldman's
Wise Gezaba; F. Brown's Sweet Brier beat
George Lohnsen's Wheel of Foftune: H. A.
Deckelman's Old Glbrv beat Lowe A.- Thomp
son's Flora McDonald; H A. Deckelman's Fly
Away t-eat Murphy .<- Toland's Pleasant Girl;
Aen'.el Kennels' Pretender beat W. H. Jones
Prince Jerome: J. P. Thrift's Forgive beat E.
Makr.eys Precita Girl; H. A. Deckelman's
M.-i Mrnte v,e at E. Baiime!?te r - S War Cloud;
J. J. Edmonds Morning Glory beat O. .1 Ol
son's Sunburst; Lowe * Thompson's '■ ssamv
beat a. *'hmey.-r's Accidental; J. Connell's
Senorita beat A. Massey's Hadiwlst; J. Dean's
Mialmo beat Murphy ft Toland's Ornament;
E. M. Ke!i.._g ? L a( 3y Gilmore beat .1. MeCor- ]
J?] C H1 F w ;, --re; 1 Dean's Brilllantine beat
Ed Evatt s Hurricane; .!. P. Thrift's Brutus
beat Murphy & Toland's T-. Rose; '■• Mich- i
alik's Glen Hoy beat j. M . Hal ton's .Brier I
Root.
Puppy sta'K—J Mncn.s- _ .!!,„, Treasure!
beat H. Lynch's Loiterer; .1. Conneil's St
H- !»n beat T. R.>nnin_r's Geraldine: . John
eon's EaM Eaelc beat P.. 17 de r '- Lopez's I
Wonder: J. H. Perigo's Controller h*at E i
Baumelster's Warrior: E M. Kelloßg"** Su-*>et
Emm** beat H. Lynch's Lexington: E Ran
melster^s Winning Ways l.<--at Aeneld Kennels*
Ahtena; 1' J Reiliy's Still True heat Aeneld
Kernels' A»n*>as: R. 17. .1.. R Inez's Pt 'An
thony heat I *nily & Srebein's Gypsy; \\ 'j{
Gray's Terronette beat Taylor _.• Maxwell's
Torment; T. Cooney's Modesty beat .1 A Har
rlson's Hot Haste; D. .1. H.aley's* O'Hara beat
George McComb's Lord Lytton: D. .!. Healer's
Lady Clare beat J. M. Halton's Lavender- "''
M. Kellogg's lowa .Maid beat A I. Austin's
Firm Fo.; .1. Conneil's Mamie Pleasant beat
J. H. Perigo's Onward; .1 McCormick's.Prim
rose b*nt George A. Wattson's Belmont <;irl-
H. H. Gray's Rona beat Taylor & Maxwell's
Rowdy P.'-iy: J. T. Lynch's Hich Pic- beat Ed
ward Re.dv's Ada: James Carroll's Auckland
l eat P. Doyle's Wild Monarch; T. Cooney's
Honesty beat H. W. Rikes" Nancy R: .1. Fer
t is' Cleopatra' beat D. Winders' Village B»lie-
Ster! & Knowles' Sleet y Mist b"at A. I, Aus
tin's Lord Marmlon: R. K. de B Lopez's
Wanda be?t J. M. Halton's May Hempstead;
A. J. Va;*-erwhi!'--'K Cruiser h*>at Pasha Ken
nels' Random Aim: Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Daisy Clair beat R. K. Rle 17 I_or>ez" Mine .-.ln.
?«-.-nnd rcund— Silent Treasure beat Rt. Helen: ;
Controller beat Bale! Katie; Sweet Emma bent i
Winning Ways; Pt. Anthony beat Still True; i
Modesty beat Terrenite: (VHara beat lowa '
Maid; i.ady flair beat Mamie Pleasant : Prim- ;
rose beat Rona; High Dice beat Auckland;
Nancy Ft beat Cleopatra: Wanda beat Sleety;
Mist: Pal?;, eiair b*»at Cruiser;
Thlr d rounds-Controller beat Silent Treasure; j
nt Tn
St. Anthony beat Sweet Emma: Han beat]
Modesty; Lady Clair beat Primrose. Nancy
b f -at High Dice; Daisy Clair beat Wanda.
Fourth round— Controller (a bye): O'Hara
beat Nancy P.: Palsy flair beat I.ady Clair. i
WILL FIGHT IN NEW YORK.
Thus Declares Jeffries Concerning
His Mill With Sharkey.
NEW YORK. July 22.— A special to
the Press from Omaha says: Cham
pion Jeffries to-day said that his fight
with Tom Sharkey would come off in
New York.
"I .j. .'■ care about these $00,000 \
offers, he said. "1 want reputation
and money and a fair iha rice. I've
seen some places where I could get
some of these, but I can get all of them
m New York. Of course, being a West
erner, I like the West, but when it !
comes right down to business no other
place is In it with New York. I' >s
oh the level and you always know that
it does a thi.ig big. Besides, when you
lick a man (here you lick him all over
the earth. Everybody knows about it
ami there isn't any yawping and there
isn't any suspicions. It's got to be on
the level there and you get spot cash, ;
•md the whole of it. if you win."
♦
MIKE DWYER COLLAPSES.
Famous Turfman Has Run the Course
of All Plungers.
NEW YORK. July 22. Mike Dwyer has '
collapsed. The spectacle of this man, only
a few years ago the greatest of American ,
plungers, so prostrated by such a petty
incident as the bidding up of one of his
horses that it was necessary to assist him
from the track— this was what spectators ;
at the Brighton Beach racecourse wit- I
nessed to-day. Broken In body and spirit,
the once famous plunger, who has run the
course of all plungers, collapsed com
pleted' and was assisted from tne track
by Al" Havman, his betting commissioner.
and Charlie White, the referee and trainer
of pugilists.
MEDALS FOR DEWEY'S MEN.
In Memory of the Battle of
Manila Bay.
The distribution of the medals struck
by order of Congress to commemorate the
signal victory of the American squadron
under Commodore Dewey over the Span
ish fleet in Manila Bay. May 1, 1898, is
now going on. A number of them have
just been received by officers and men en
titled to them nt Mare Island Navy Yard
and in this city. Every officer and man
on the Olympia, Baltimore, Boston. Con
cord. Petrel and McCullough nn the oc
casion of the battle, about 1700 in all, is
_ . - . _7i
to ha - one of these valuable souvenirs.
From th*- one rent to Lieutenant Com
mander C. G. C dkins in charge .if the j
I'nited Statosbranch hydrographlc offlceat
the Merchants' Exchange in this city, who
was the navigator of Commodore Dewey's
flagship, the Olympia, at the time of the
fight, the accompanying drawings ere
made.
The medal is of yellowish bronze, some
thing larper and thicker than a Mexican 1
silver dollar, and ls attached t*> a barpln, j
about the middle of which is a spread- j
eagle. On the ice, in bas-relief, is a not
very well executed bust if Admiral
Dewey, with the words:
The Gift
Of the People
Of the United States
To the Officers and Men
Of the Asiatic Squadron.
Under the Command of
Commodore George Dewey.
Below the bus! and to the right Is
stamped the letter D.
On the reverse side is a figure of a man
of-war's man, head bound with a cloth,
stripped to the waist nd footed seat
ed on a gun and holding a pike or staff in
his hand, while around the edge of the
face are the words:
In Memory of the Victory of Manila Bay,
May Ist. '-•-
Under the figure is stamped the name
of the vessel on which the recipient of
the medal served, which in this case is the
i ilympia.
MEDAL FOB A NAVAL HERO.
SUISUN*. July 22.— J0el C. Evans of Val
lejo. who was a gunner on the United
States cruiser Boston at the battle of
Manila Bay, yesterday received a medal
of honor in commemoration of the great
naval fight. On the obverse side of the
medal is a bust of Admiral Dewey with
the following inscription:
"The gift of the people of the United
States to the officers and men of the
Asiatic squadron, under the command of
Commodore Dewey."
<">n the reverse side is shown a Bailor
on a gun ready for action. The Inst rip
tion underneath reads: "In memory of
tii*- victory of Manila Bay- 1*98." The
name of the United States steamship Bos
ton has a conspicuous place on the mf da..
Evans is the first person here to receive
a medal.
DOCTORS BRING SUIT
TO OBTAIN DIPLOMAS
Action That Will Determine the Con
stitutionality of an Idaho
Lav/.
BOISE, Idaho, July 22.- Dr. E. G. Brow
and Dr. L. F. Inmai of Lewis ton, through
their attorney, have instituted proceed
ings here for a review of the action of
the State Board of Medical Examiners In
refusing to grant em licenses to prac
tice, 1 .'.■ plaintiffs nave been practicing j
for years, but the college in the East
where they too their diplomas is not
recognized as a regular and qualified In- j
stitution, and the Urd therefore refused ■
them licenses. Two years ago these sam • :
two doctor;, wore refused licenses and
went into court, demanding heir rights.
Tic- court then declared In their favor
and pronounced the iaw unconstitutional.
The law was re-enacted by the last Leg
islature.
The doctors in their petition for a re- j
view claim that at the time they began
practice in this State they complied with
every law in existence governing their
actions. Such compliance put them Into I
possession of certain vested rights which j
the State has not power to withdraw, nor
can it enact subsequent laws which will
deprive them of right! obtained under .■_ !
previous law. When the case comes ur
for hearing, it is said, sensational charges '
will be made -against the board, which
will come back by showing the character
of diplomas the two doctors, hold.
Coin for the Medal Fund.
LOS ANGELES, July 22.— A committee
from the various city parlors of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West met to
night and decided to accept th.- offer of
the management of the Los Angeles
Orpheum to give a benefit performance
next week. 50 per cent of the money thus
obtained to be added to the contribution
of Los Angeles to the fund for the pur
chase of honorary medals to be presented
to members of the California volunteer
regiments. The Native Sons hopo to
raise $500 for this purpose-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23. 1599.
COLUMBIA AND
DEFENDER SAIL
OUT TOGETHER
Short Spin Taken Off
Newport.
_/__
— • —
NEW YACHT HAS MOST SPEED
-*—
LEADS HER RIVAL AT THE END
OF THE RACE.
♦
Before the Start the Holder of the
America's Cup Runs Aground
on Some Hidden
Rocks.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT, R. 1., July 22.— After a
night of expectancy among the yachts
men, it was announced by Oliver C. Ise
lin this morning that there would be
no race between the Columbia and the
Defender to-day. Th*- reason for the
j change in plan was not given. The
broken link of the main sheet blocks
lon the Defender was replaced this
morning, and Captain Rhodes .it 8
: o'clock announced that as far as he was
concerned the Defender was ready foi
i the race.
Mr. Duncan of the Defender called
I on Mr. Iselin aboard the Columbia, and
j after a consultation stated that they
j finally had decided to go outside for a
: little "scrap,", and while there would be
1 no formal race, they would start from
j the Brenton Reef lightship and run
j down on the Point Judith course If the
j conditions were favorable.
At 11:45 th - Columbia left her moor- •
: ings and stocks down the harbor under '
i mainsail, working topsail and jib. The ;
j Defender preceded the new boat about
i fifteen minutes and moved slowly down I
i under three lower sails, baby jib, top- !
| sail and club topsail. The wind was I
j light from the northwest, having I
shifted from the south-southeast. The J
! boats lost the breeze below Fort Adams j
for fully a half hour and drifted about
with sails tlajvping idly. The Defender
touched her bottom on the rocks off
the cemetery at Fort Adams and was |
aground for several minutes. Captain ;
j Rhodes ordered her jib topsail down .
and a naptha launch came alongside, i
j took a line and pulled the Defender off I
into deep water. The boat was not in
jured, apparently.
At 12:20 the breeze picked up a bit
and the tw * big yachts slipped along
i slow!..- toward Beaver Tails lights.
Then the wind came in fresh from the i
south. The Columbia; getting the shift |
j first, set her jib topsail and made good j
I speed out to Brentons Reef lightship, i
I The Defender followed the Columbia :
down past the lightship without mak- I
ing any attempt to cross the line or j
make the racing start until both boats i
were a half-mile beyond the lights. !
Then they came together and stood off j
in a southerly direction for a couple of
miles. Both tacked in shore and final -j :
ly me about, heading for Point Ju- , '
dith. Large jib topsails were set and ! '
the yachts reach over to the point ! '
with the Defender in the lead. The ; '
Columbia was towing a tender and car- !
ried a working topsail. Honors were i (
about even. i ,
At 2:20 the yachts came about ami ] (
headed back toward the lightship, then j 3
about four miles away. The easterly ! <
breeze was freshening and great speed j *
was made. The Columbia was to wind- ; i
ward, and when tin luffed up at i <
Brentons Reef she had worked out i I
ahead. They sailed the four miles in j -
about twenty minutes and came up to j '
their rings at 3:30. i
REPUBLICAN BOSSES
ESTABLISH A COLONY
Continue- from Page Eleven.
next meeting and explain their object j
with reference to i mary reforms and de- j
fine their authority. A spirited discussion
followed. Finally the motion of Mr. Taf- j
finder was passed, nd it was determined j
that _fn attempt .would be made to have
representatives of the league clubs 'meet
the Affiliated Clubs next Wednesday night.
Several of the delegates present Indicated
by their remarks during the me* ting that
their clubs did nht intend to be tied up to .
any compromise by joining the movement,
and they were assured by the presiding i
officer thai the central body would indorse :
all the delegates chosen by the clubs in
the various districts without question.
REGISTRATION CLOSED.
More Interest in Primaries Than in
Any Previous Year.
Yesterday was the last day of registra
tion for the primary election, and the
number of registrations recorded exceeded
that of any previous year. Although Reg
istrar Steppach* force was not as large
as it should have been to handle the
crowd expeditiously, there was a total of
1550 registrations for the day. The total
for the season is 106, as against 62.256
last year.
Registration for the general election will
open on August 9.
Organized Permanently.
The City Republican League of the For
tieth Assembly District met last night in
Franklin Hall, Fillmore street, After the
adoption of by-laws nnd rules of order the
club went into permanent organization
an( elected the following officers: Jonn
F. Kennedy, president; Colonel A. S. Hub
bard, vice president; W. H. Hazell, secre
tary; Z. U. Dodge, treasurer.
A "committee of twelve was appoint
ed for the purpose of canvassing the
district and submitting a list of names
from which are to be selected the league's
candidates for delegates to the Republi
can County Convention.
MAY END THE STRIKE.
Proposition Made to the Colorado j
Smelter Men.
DENVER, July 22.— An attempt was j
made this morning to reopen the Globe
smelter, the old schedule of ten and i
twelve hours being maintained in all
departments and wages Increased 10 per
cent. Very few of the former employes
applied for work, the Smeltermen's Un
ion having voted to adhere to the eight
hour proposition. The State Board of
Arbitration Will endeavor to bring
about an agreement between the smel
termen and the managers of the trust
smelters. ■ ,--■ '-f-ff-
A meeting was held this morning at
which both sides to the controversy
were represented. J. B. Grant, chair
man of the operating committee of the
Smelting Company, offered to give all
the information in his power, but could
not say that the company would abide
by the board's decision. Attorney Co
hen for the union promised to adhere to
the decision of the beard in all particu
lars. President Wright of the Smelter
men's Union was examined regarding
the various kinds of labor in smelters ,
and the effect upon the health of the
workmen.
To Command the Indiana.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— Secretary
1 Long has tendered Captain F. W. Dick
ins, acting chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion the command of the battleship In
' diana when Captain Henry Taylor relin
quishes it in the fall. Captain Dicklns
will S-TOta-tUi accept the appointment.
GREAT COUNCILS OF RED MEN
ARE TO MEET HERE IN AUGUST
Great Chiefs of the Reservation of California Who Rule the Order.
____T7__r.il l. Great Council of the Im
proved Order of Red Men of the
reservation oi California, which
J^ is to kindle its council flre in the
Red Men's building, on Post
street, in this city. Thursday, the
Ist of next August; promises to be one
of the most Interesting councils held
in many great suns passed, on account
of possible important changes, includ
ing m" election of a great junior saga
more and the selection of a successor
to the present very efficient great chief
of records, who will resign to enable
him i" visit Florida, where he will for
the future make his home at "Sea
Breeze." ' ia v ma.
At the same time the Great Council
of the Degree of Pocahontas, the la
dies' branch of the oruer, will be in
session in the same building.
The present great chiefs are: George
W. Collins, great sachem, San Fran
cisco: E. B. Wilson, great senior saga
more, Sacramento; F. D. Brandon,
great junior sagamore, San Francisco;
F. A. Whipple, great prophet. Fort
Bragg: C. F. Burgman. great chief of
records, San Francisco; William J.
CHIHUAHUA AND
MASTIFF MEET
ON AN EQUALITY
DIGNITY AND IMPUDENCE.
THESE dogs, differing widely In size,
met on an equality at the Santa Bar
bara Kennel club show. Each won
lir:;: prize in the novice class, one
among mastiffs, the ether among toy ter
riers. The mastiff is Bismarck, owned by
Alden M. Boyo. while the Chihuahuan is
the property of William Oothout.
KAISER'S TELEGRAMS
CREATE A NICE BREEZE
Boasting That May Lead Up to an
Acute Conflict With the
Reichstag.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1.9-, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, July 22.— When the Kaiser re
turns from his Norwegian journey he
will probably flnd a nice little storm brew-
Zing In the empire, due to his latest
achievement in the way of peremptory
telegrams. Most of his Majesty's gov
ernmental troubles come from either his
post-prandial oratory or the fatal fas
cination which the telegraph form pos
sesses for him. If Dr. yon Lucanus could
only manage to forget those useful but
dangerous sheets of paper when William
II starts on his journey the imperial
Chancellor's cares of office would prob
Smith, great keeper of wampum, San
Francisco; Josiah Sims, great repre
sentative, Nevada City; George W.
L,ovio, great representative. Redwood
City; C. F. Burgman, great representa
tive, San Francisco; P. L. Bliss, great
sannap, San Francisco; L. C. Benin,
great mishlnewa. San Francisco; P. S.
Seymour, great guard of the wigwam.
San Francisco; S. i. Richards, great
guard of the forest, Grass Valley.
Under the practice of an unwritten
law the second and third chiefs are
advanced; consequently E. B. Wilson
of Sacramento will become the next
great sachem, and F. !i. Brandon of
this city the great senior sagamore.
There will be a contest for the posi
tion of great jimior sagamore, as that
is the one that leads i.i the highest
oflice: but as yet no one has announced
himself publicly for tne place. The
greatest contest will be for the posi
tion of great chief of records. For
this place there are the following can
didates: B. F. Josselyn of Sotoyome
Tribe. San Francisco, past great sa
chem; Great Sannap Porter L. Bliss
of Modoc Tribe. San Francisco; Great
ably be diminished by half. The present
' storm has been caused by what is known
! as "the Hlnzpeter dispatch." a telegram
sent to a professor of that name, his for
mer tutor. His Majesty twelve months
ago declared in one of his after-dinner
oratorical efforts his intention of making
it a matter of penal servitude for any
"tic of his subjects tV* strike. In pursu
ance of this idea he caused the now noto
; rious "yuchthaus gesetz" to be Intro
duced in Parliament, when lt was prompt
ly rejected by an overwhelming majority.
This, however, only raised his Majesty's
lighting instincts, and he has now as
sured Professor Hlnzpeter that he pos
sesses the quite unbending will of his an
cestor, the great Elector, and thai noth
ing will turn him from his purpose, so
that an acute conflict with the Reichstag
is now in prospect.
Like the famous Krtgor and Schaum
berg-Lippe dispatches, this raised a -term
throughout the empire. The independent
press is showing all its Ingenuity in crit
icizing the Imperial utterances without
committing itself to the dread crime of
"les.: maj - c." The Berliner Tageblatl
has particularly distinguished Itself by
giving a list of monarens with "unbend
ing wills" who "came croppers" in conse
quence.
BONHAM SEEKS TO
ANNUL THE MARRIAGE
! Grows Weary of a Nuptial Knot Tied
on a Yacht Outside the
Heads.
SANTA ROSA. July 22.— "John P.
Bonham vs. Elizabeth McDonald,
known as Elizabeth Bonham — divorce."
This is the innocent-looking entry ap
pearing upon the civil register at the
office of the County Clerk here, but in
vestigation shows that back of that
every-day entry is a story of much
more than ordinary interest. An ex
amination of the complaint reveals the
fact that the case is not one In proceed
ings for divorce, but rather that It is
one seeking the annullmen! of a mar
riage contracted on board the pleasure
| yacht Hattie B on August 11, 1596.
While the waves dashed merrily off
the heads of San Francisco Harbor
I Captain W. E. Gage of the Hattie B
' got out his little book and spliced the
j couple hard and fast, but the voyage
I begun so gayly baa ended in disaster.
Th* seas of matrimony proved rough
sailing, and now young Bonham would
have things back the same old way. As
a reason for asking that his marriage
be annulled, the plaintiff alleged that
when he and Elizabeth McDonald were
wed the latter was a minor and scarce
ly 16 years of age. He also alleges that
! such a marriage Is contrary to the pro
visions laid down in the Civil Code of
the State, and that the voyage outside
the heads was undertaken for the pur
pose of evading the statutes providing
the manner in which marriages may
be contracted and solemnized.
Elizabeth McDonald, or Elizabeth
I Bonham, whichever the courts may de
| cide her name to be, Is the daughter of
I Angus McDonald of San Francisco.
Prophet and Great Representative
and Past Great Sachem F. A. Whipple
of Sani Tribe, Fort Bragg; Great
Guard of the Wigwam P. S. Seymour
of Osceola Tribe, San Francisco, and
Deputy Great Sachem F. B. Swan of
Osceola Tribe.
This term the Great Council will
elect an additional representative, so
that it will choose two Instead of one
as in the past. One of these chiefs
will be the outgoing great sachem, and
it is possible that the honor of being
the second will be conferred on Wil
liam J. Smith, the great keeper of
wampum.
During the session of the Great
Council there will be a contest for a
prize of $100 for the best rendition of
the warrior's degree work, and the
tribes that are to contest nre Modoc.
Osceola, White Eagle. Bald Eagle,
Altahmos and Monadnock.
A prize of HOO offered to the tribe
making th*- greatest showing of adop
tion of palefaces during the great sun
will be awarded to Altahmos Tribe, it
having had 136 adoptions.
The Degree of Pocahontas has in this
! Bonham is a resident of this city and
, resided in a cozy cottage in Pippers'
'■■ Addition. Ever since the wedding the
i couple have been living together as
man and wife, and in his prayer ask
ing that his pretended marriage be de
\ clared illegal the plaintiff asks that he
i be given the custody of a bright-eyed
youngster who arrived about a year
and a half ago at the Ron ham house
hold.
LEDERER'S WIFE TELLS
OF HIS BRUTAL ATTACK
Insanity Will Be the Plea of the
Would-Be Murderer When
He Is Tried.
WOODLAND. July 22.— Mrs. I.corn
has so far recovered from the effects of
| the brutal attack by her husband, the
1 knife wielder, thai the attending physi
, cian consented that she make a state
( ment to the District Attorney. Her btory
! differs materially from the statements
heretofore published. The stabbing oc
* curred in the kitchen. The woman was
, washing the dishes when her husband
• unexpectedly came in and began up
braiding her for an alleged attempt to get
away with his property. While she was
lining Lederer suddenly drew the
butcher knife from his clothing, - Ized
Mrs. Lederer and began slashing her
body.
The screams of Mrs. Lederer for help
brought her little daughter in from the
1 yard. Lederer turned his attention to the
little girl and made a desperate attempt
to kill her. While he was chasing her
around a wheal pile In the corral the
j mother made her escape into the field
and fell fainting from loss of blood,
where she was afterward found.
Young Fred Lederer explained to the
District Attorney all about bis father's
I incarceration in an asylum for th? insane
|in Germany. Lederer was not regarded
: as actually insane. He was squandering
! an estate and was arrested upon a charge
!of Incompetency. He was confined in the
asylum while the matter was heard. After
1 the appointment of a guardian he was
immediately released and soon afterward
left for the United States.
The next move will be to procure the
proper affidavits, after which District At
torney Bush will charge Lederer with as
sault with a deadly weapon with intent
1 to commit murder. Arthur W. North will
be Lederer's attorney, and a plea of in
, sanity will be the defense
,
Tandem Records Broken.
DETROIT. July 22.— Two tandem rec
ord.'- were broken at th. local race meet
to-day. F. A. Joseph and F. C. Hood of
Detroit lowered the world's amateur two
mile unpaced tandem record of 4:03 3-5,
held by Collett and Hosman of Concord.
Mass., to 3:57 4-5. Joseph and Hood later
lowered the world's unpaced five-mile tan
. dem record of 10:36. held by Lamb and
j Cottle of Chicago, to 10:28 1-5.
I ■__- 2 ™ — T"
, Horses for Manila Army.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— The quarter
: master's department has chartered seven
vessel?! for the transportation of horses
to the Philippines. They are the Slam.
■ City of Sydney and Altec of San Fran
, cisco: the Athenian. Victoria. Garonne
' and Port Albert of Seattle. These vessels
State sixteen councils, with a member
ship of 1250, with a gain of about 250
during the past year. It has in the
treasuries of the various councils an
aggregate of $1500, and its assets
amount to $4000. This order was insti
tuted at Philadelphia in 1887, and has
now a membership in the Union of 35,
--000. The precepts of the order are:
Freedom, friendship and charity.
The present chiefs are: Hattie
Whipple, great Pocahontas: Annie E.
Bishop, great Wenonah; Mrs. E. J.
Brazile. great keeper of records; Mrs.
A. E. Gill, great keeper of wampum;
Louisa Bran, great Minnehaha; Fannie
M. Lovie, great prophetess. The pres
ent great Wenonah, Annie E. Bishop,
will at the coming session be promoted
great Pocahontas. She has been a
member of the degree for six years,
and through her energy has advanced
to the fore rank. Her membership in
the order gave her the opportunity to
bring out latent dramatic power that
she possessed, as she had occasions
numerous to give evidence of her
powers of elocution. She is now a
member of the Vroom-Addison com
pany and appears under the stage
name of Miss Leona Leigh.
will carry all the horses desired for the
Philippine service at the present time.
General Otis ha? been directed to com
plete a skeleton cavalry regiment if he
doe it proper.
JOHNSTON'S ESTATE
IN A LEGAL TANGLE
Canadian and American Administra
tors Both Claim the Right
to Act.
SAN JOSE* July 22. Some interest
ing complications are promised in the
estate of Samuel Johnston, who died
while an Inmate of Agnews Asylum,
on December 20, 1897. A few months
previous Johnston came here from
British Columbia. He left an estate
valued at $7100. M".-i of this money
lies In British Columbia banks as fol
lows: British Columbia and Invest
ment Company, Victoria, $2326; Bank
of Montreal. Victoria. $1563; Bank of
British Columbia $1000: Bank of Brit
ish North America. $2050.
Johnston's only heir is a sister. Sarah
Buck, residing in Ontario. Letters of
administration have been granted to
Public Administrator Kell. Now comes
the information that the British Co
lumbia officials also are administering
upon Johnston's estate as regards the
deposits in Canadian banks. Just
which administrator will gel the hand
ling of the money is a question that at
torneys will eagerly watch. Anyhow,
the estate will be obliged to pay th -
charges of both administrators. It i-•
not known that such complication hi :
ever arisen before. It is said the only
emergency through which the estate
might lose money would be on a break
ing out of war between the two coun
tries, in which case this and other
American money would be confiscated.
RECOVERED TAX MONEY.
SACRAMENTO. July 22.-Judge John
son to-day rendered a decision in favor
of the National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co.
In its suit to recover $8750 » in personal
property taxes which it had paid under
protest. It was contended by the bank
that It was exempt under its charter from
that character of taxation. In the light
of a recent decision by the Supreme Court
Judge Johnson rendered judgment in fa
vor of the bank, which will now get its
money back.
Corcoran's Trial Nears the End.
WALLACE, Idaho. July 22.-The evi
dence in the trial of Paul Corcoran for
the murder of James Cheyne during the
riots at Wardner on April 29 was com
pleted to-day, and on Monday argument
will be commenced. No limit has yet
been placed on the time of argument, hut
It will probably extend over Monday and
Tuesday.
* —
Hammer-Throw Record Falls.
BOSTON. July 22.— At the St. Augustine
Paris athletic games to-day John Flanna
gan of New York broke the world's record
with a sixteen-pound hammer by tossing
lt 164 feet 1 inch from a seven-foot circle-
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
..— .„l_fW_| et^/K-l .kt.ct
BUSINESS OFFICE ' of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets. «/P*n
until IX o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— M 7 Montgomery "U*et.
corner Clay; open until 8:90 o'clock.
SB7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o*oloC__.
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1141 Xi.slon street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until ? o'clock.
mc Eleventh street: open until 9 o^clock.
2hZ~> Mis. lon street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest rorner of Twenty-second and Ken
,,.,..... streets: open ■ .':! 9 o'clock.
CHURCH SERVICES.
VARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary -Rev. John Hemphill D. D.. j
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and i* p. . m. i
Topic, evening. "The Hop. of Humanity—
Reformation <*r Regeneration? Morning
music: Quartet, -liaise the Lord (Mc*«n-
thal); offertory, bass solo. "Judge Me. O |
God" (Holden). J. '•' Hughes. Evening mv- ,
sic Quartet. "Search Me, 0 God ißaum- ;
bacli); offertory, quartet ar.d solo. "■''■""*• :
Lover of My Soul" O-a Rue). Strangers vis-
iting city alnd friends cordially invited^
OWARD Presbyterian Church, corner Oak
and Baker sts. (Panhandle of Golden Gate
Da-11l- Sunday school at 9:80 a. m. Ser-
vices at 11 a. in. and 7:45 p. in., by Rev. J. :
... Thomaa. pastor-elect Morning, Paul 8
Plea for Progress." Evening. 'The Brick |
and Mortar Theory of Getting to Heaven
Christian Endeavor meeting at «:i5. W«<l- ;
nesday evening prayer meutlng at 7:46. A j
cordial welcome to all.
HOWARD Street M. E. Church— a. ro., an- J
them, "What Shall I Render Unto the
Ix.rd?" Simpson, Offertory, contralto solo
•The Hills of God" (Gounod), by Miss Ethel -
§ Perkins. Sermon by Rev. W. M. Woodward ,
7 3ii p. m.: them. "Come, Thou Fount of .
Every Blessing.' Thayer; offertory, soprano
501... "The Angels' Lullaby" (Barri). by Mrs. (
Addle McClunle. Address. "Jesus, The Jew,
Harry Weinsl ick. Special music and praise
service. Dr. Wilson will preach next Sab- ,
bath, July 30. both morning and evening.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis- !
sion st.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. |
Charles Edward Locke, pastor will preach,
at 11 a. m.. "Some Things About Prayer.
Sunday school, 1 p. m.. Holla V. Watt super- ,
intendent. Christian Endeavor at 6 p. m.
Evening sermon, 7:45 o'clock: subject. T.ie
Gospel In the Heavens." Seats free. All cor-
dially invited. Midweek prayer service
Wednesday evening. This is a people's church.
Music led by iarjtc chorus choir. J. J. Morris
choirmaster.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev John Stephens, the pastor, will preach .
at li a. m. and 7:45 p. m.: topic for tbe morn- i
li i- "The Reign of God." and for the even- I
ing' "The House Beautiful and Its Tenants.
Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. and young peo-
ple's service at 645 p. m. Seats free. All
are welcome.
SEVENTH-DAY Adventist Church, 814-916 La-
guna St.. between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye— Elder J O. Corliss pastor. Ser-
vice" Sabbath (Saturday).- Sabbath school
a- 9-45 a. in. Preaching at 11 o'clock. A
series of discourses every Sunday evening at
7:45 o'clock. Subject to-night, "The Perils
of Popular Government, and the Remedy
According to Divine Revelation." Seats free.
All welcome. _^ .
FIRST New Jerusalem Church (Swedenbor-
gian) IBM O'Farrell St.— Pastor Rev. D. V.
Bowen will preach at 11 a. m. Subject,
"Saving Faith and Faith Not Saving. Fr&e
library of new church books. _
WEST Side Christian Church. Bush St., be-
tween Scott and Devisadero— 11 a m.
and 45 p. m. Preaching by Rev. J. J Mor-
gan The public cordially invited. Sunday
school at 10 a. m. Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor, 6:45 p. m. j
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320 j
Post st.— Preaching 11 a. m. by G. T. Grif- '
fiths and 7:47 p. m. by A. C. Barmore. Ihis j
church preaches the restored goep*!. Rev., ,
xiv:.-7, as a "sign" of the coming of Jesus
Christ to Judge the world; Matt. xxiv:l4,
"When shall these things be?" and "What
shall be the 'sign' of thy coming and of the
end of the Id?" All welcome.
HIE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject,
■Are We Blessed in the Multitude of Our
Ways?" Services every Sunday In Yopemlte
Hall Native Sons' building. Mason St., be-
tween Geary and Post. Take elevator.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Bts —i'nion mass meeting to-day, at 3 o'clock;
open free to the public, both men and women.
Address on "Jesus, the Jew," by Henry
Weinstock. c* lal music by the Knicker- j
bocker Quartet. j
BPECIAL gospel meetings at the hall, 11 City ;
Hal! Square, near Market, every evening ex- J
cept Monday and Saturday, at 8 o'clock; un-
denominational. H. A. Ironside. Evange-
list Sunday school and Bible class Sunday
mornings at 9.30. Come, bring your Bible
THE Theosophlcal Soviet}'— Popular lectures ;
every Sunday at 6 p. in. Odd Fellows' build- I
ing, cor. Seventh and Market sts. Subject
to-night, "Thought Forms." A symposium
library and headquarters, second floor, I. O.
O. F. building; Inquirers' meetings, Thurs-.
day. 2:50 ... m. j
MEETINGS Sunday. j
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on j
"Neuresthenia; or, People With Nerves, by
Dr J. D-; ew Kergan (of Drs. K. *_ K.'s'
Ele.-tric Sanitarium), at Crystal Hall, Pythian :
.-.,. 9\)9 Market st., followed by magnifi- ;
cent art views. Those attending this lec-
ture may procure free tickets to the wonder-
ful X-liay exhibition at the Sanitarium on j
Tuesday evening next.
A— FREE, 11-2-S; Dr. Junes' spiritual soclaty;
Mrs Seel--, Vigers. Oiilinghaj-t: Dr. Car- j
i"_d*r, Tuesday, -. 1238 Howard; Wednesday,
g, 909 Market. Central Hall; doctor's office, .
1236 Market, 20 to 5. I
lOHN SLATER, spiritual test medium, has
canceled his Eastern engagements and will
remain ln the city; grand test seance to-night ,
at S:l5 sharp, Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin st. ; :
admission, 10c. , i
BOUL culture meeting. 909 Market; H. H. ;
Brown, speaker, se_u.ee, 7:30; lecture, 8. "Man
and Spirit"; healing, 8; admlesion, lOo;
seances daily, 15 Eddy; letters, $1. I
MRS SOPHIA SEIP, reliable psychometrist
to-night. Tuesday and Friday at 8. 10c; dally. j
10 to C: reasonable 1724 Market, nr. Polk.
t, MME. E. YOUNG, herewith challenge Bishop {
Garrison to expose my mediumship to-night. ;
603 McAllister et. ; 10c; skeptics Invited.
MADAM JOHNSON will hold test meeting to-
day at Cambrian Hall. 1133 Mission st., 2-8
p. m..; admission between 7-8.
OAKLAND uplrituaJlets' meeting, 1169 Broad- j
way. 3 p. m.: conference, 8 p. m.; messages
by Mies Malda - one.
PEST, develop, healing meeting, Sunday, 2 p.
m. and £ p. m., 10c; 9A Sixth St., Stltt, Bird,
Vlgard, others.
EMMA GOLDMAN lectures on "The New
Woman" Thursday, July 27, at 117 Turk st.
MRS. HAJII^AND'S test circle; to-night; sealed
letters read. 10c; readings dally. DA Geary, j
C. V. MILLER'S materializing etherealizlng :
'seance, S p. m.. BOc. 409 Leavenworth st. !
A— MRS. EBERHARDT, test meeting, 8:15, 10c. i
S?7O 22d St., bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate I
wilting medium. 118 Haight st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the |
United States or Canada one year for $1, j
postage paid.
I ■
MEETINGS— vernal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America— Lecture
to-night. "Suicide." by Dr. Allen Griffiths; !
International Brotherhood League, Tuesday '
night, "Our Brother, the Convict," by H. S.
• ahn and Julius Oettl; Academy of Sciences |
Hall. .19 Market st.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD.
THEO» 'PHY.
New Century (weekly), $1 50 yearly, editor j
Katherine A. Tingley; Universal Brotherhood
Magazine (monthly), 5- yearly, editors, Kath-
erine A. Tingley and E. A. Neresheimer. j
Publication devoted to the teachings of
Brotherhood on the broadest lines. "Key to
Theoaopl.y," by K. P. Blavatsky, $1 50; ,
"Ocean of Theoeopby," by W. Q. Judge SOc.
For information of the work and book list
address E. A. Neresheimer. 144 Madison aye.. j
New York; Pacific Coast agency. Academy
■>' Sciences building. M. Market st., room 3..
!_ "*
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., a
Masonic Temple— Officers and members ____%_
are notified to attend the funeral THIS TKjff
SUNDAY at 9:30 o'clock a. m., of oariw*
deceased brother. RICHARD BRADFIELD,
late a member of Lisbon Lodge No. 229, Lis-
bon Mich. Master Masons In good standing |
are 'invited to attend. By order of the W. M.
J. it. GOLDSMITH Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. ___, I. O. O. . .-y-,^, ,
F.— initiation MONDAY EVEN-^ssft^___. ;
ING. C. H. CORNBECK. N. G. "^St^^
W. B. CURTIS, Secretary. '7/lW
To the officers and members of Ex- <f__s!i_gi&-
-celsl* r Lodge No. 3D. 1. O. O. F. : %£yZ*%Sffi
— The funeral of our late brother, :^^SSkrS^
Past Grand J. H. McGUANE. "#/i»^ j
from Excelsior Hall. 2319 Mission St., on BUN- .
DAY, July 7.". at 10 o'clock a. m. Funeral !
fines will be enforced.
D. V. DUEL, N. G.
W. A. McINNIS. R. S.
A. O. U. W., Excelsior Lodge No. 126— ______________*.
Officers and members of the above-A*S*gl i
named lodge are hereby request'"] tofcKv.S <
attend the funeral of our late brother, aJHj?'
JOHN H. McGUANE, TO-MORROW (SUN-
DAY), at 10 o'clock, from Excelsior Hall.
2319 Mission st.
GEO. W. HUMMEL. Master Workman.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Waldeck Sanatorium will be held
at 717 Jones St., TUESDAY EVENING, Au-
gust 1. at 8:30 o'clock.
ELMER E. KELLY, M.D., Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. fc^Bßß2________V. -• *
£30, National Union.
Members are requested
to meet TO-DAY) SIN-
DAY, at Brown's Undertaking Parlors, Wash-
ington and Thirteenth- sts.. Oakland, at 2
p. m., to attend the funeral of our late
member, H. T. GREENOCGH.
ST. ANDREW'S Society — Regular A«T
weekly meeting TO-MORROW 3. **IJ_J
(MONDAY*) EVENING at 8 o'clock ,<o_kXx*
at 117 Larkin st. MR. ANDREW V^SS
L. PRINGLE will speak on a visit to Scot-
land and a full attendance of members Is re-
quested. JAS. S. WEBSTER, President.
A. K. PATTERSON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meetlDg of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Francis-
co. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, 1899. "at the hour of 11 o'clock a m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
\ to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may corns
before the meetine. Transfer books will close
| on SATURDAY, July 29, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
j ANNUAL meeting- The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
I other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com-
pany southeast corner of Reale and Howard
sts., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August. 1_99. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
' REBEL Cork Benevolent Association will hold
the thirteenth annual picnic at Shell Mound
Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY. August 6. 1899.
Valuable gate and game prizes will be con-
tested for. A new Domestic sewing machine,
value $75. is selected as first gate prize. Mu-
sic by a union ban*. Professors McCarthy
and McMahon are engaged for the reel and
Jig dancing. Adults' tickets. EOc; children, J
under 12 years, free.
I THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
ceived an application from H. W. Tanger-
man to mine by the hydraulic pro'cew in the
Clinton placer mine, at Clinton, Amador Coun-
ty. and to deposit tailings ln Jackson Creek,
givee notice that a meeting wlil be held
at room 59, Flood building. San Francisco.
Cal.. on July 31. 1599. at 1:.".0 p. m.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BAJ.LARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporat'ons & firms, ref.
ATTORNEY'S AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offlces to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-866 Market St.; tel. South 215.
I ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee wlthcut success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 416 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with j
board, 16 a week up; Swedish boms: parlor. j
ATLAS, 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny' suites, single r.. reas. ; board optional. ;
. FELL. Large sunny room, with board, for
2, $S7 60; also single room.
GEARY, S2I, near Larkin— Small sunny back
room; good board; cheap
LADY with 3 nicely furnished rooms, desires
young lady working during the day to share
J and board. Address 1152 Guerrero st
O'FARRELL, 747— Clean comfortable rooms;
gcod home cooking; special rates to gents.
I POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union I
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.: oen. for lunches.
I SUNNY home for children, near school; large
f rounds; mother's care; 5" to $: - per month.
nSS WILSON, 13^ West Mission, nr. 13th.
SUTTER, 112S— Lovely Bunny rooms with board; J
pretty garden ; home cooking.
HOARDING FOR CHILDKEN.
REFINED country' home for 1 or 2 children;
near schools; music lessons; terms very mod-
erate. R. G., Call office, Oakland.
GOOD home for two children over 2 years old. i
239 A Shipley st. I
WANTED— -Infant to board; 510 a month. 210 I
Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st. '
REFINED, experienced nurse Las a comfort- ]
able home for Infants: S\'- mo. 531 A Castro st. i
HOOKS— NEW AND OLD,
I SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. j
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
MILLINERY store; great sacrifice; sickness
| cause of sale. COWING &CO , 9.5 Market st
A MANUFACTURING and jobbing, business for :
less than one-fourth its value; owner going
to Europe and must be si id fur less than JIM.;
will net $200 to $300 per month; come quick
and Investigate this day; make offer. COW- i
ING & CO., 995 Market st. ;
i A SALOON; corner, near Market: must s.Il at
I once: sacrifice. COWING & CO.. 995 Market. ,
! A— CIGAR store; great sacrifice; cheap rent;
must -ell tills day. COWING & CO., 99 Mkt.
; A— MILLINER store; best ln the State; must!
be sold. WIN* & CO.. 995 Market St.
j SALOON Buyers, Attention— have line sa- ;
loons: several must be closed out at bargains.
PACIFIC COAST EXCHANGE, room 2, Do I.*,1 .*,
Market st.. near Sixth.
ONE-HALF Interest In a paying manufactur- j
ing business; goods sold to dealers: large
profits; active single man preferred; capital
necessary $7.00. Apply PACIFIC ''"AST EX- '
CHANGE, rooms 2-3, 10074 Market, nr. 6th. I
! $350— CORNER cigar stand; .business street;
splendid location; departure cause of sale. |
Mclaughlin & co., 777-. Market st.
i GROCERY and bar; rent $16; 4 rooms; de-
parture cause sale. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Mkt.
$600 SALOON; bargain; this day. on account
of disagreement of partners. McLAUGHLIN j
! & CO.. 7774 Market st.
I BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness' chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market st. j
i WANTED— A good-paying grocery that will ■
bear Investigation. BECK & CO., 935 Market.
i.(A RESTAURANT; 25c meals; doing fine •
business- low rent; cause of selling, other 1
business. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
SAWMILL— 4O.OOO-feet capacity, to be sold for
one-third its value; on line of railroad, Ore-
gon; big demand for all lumber sawed: price
only $2000. J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, I
Oakland.
Jlso— BARBER shop, In country; hydraulic
chair; back and front mirrors; all tools go j
i with shop; good fishing and hunting. Ad-
I dress box 981. Call office.
j $900— BARGAIN, printing plant; this city; es- j
tablished 8 years; no canvassing; book and i
Job; In good condition; rare chance. Box 9"9, i
Call officer -
GOOD-PAYING French laundry, including
horse and wagon, account of sickness; $700,
easy terms. Box 1824. Call office, Oakland.
ANY ONE wishing to loin small party going to
Cape Nome, apply box 17. Branch Offlce Call,
106 Eleventh st.
WANTED To buy a small business; country I
preferred: state price and location. Box 915, j
Call office.
MISSION and Bosworth streets— New car line i
to Glen Park; best grocery corner. 413 |
Kearny st. I
! RESTAURANT, old-established stand, must be i
j sold on account of ill-health; snap. 606 Mis- j
I sion st.
j FRUIT store; 8 living rooms: large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209 Second.
AJ CIGAR stand for sale cheap; centrally lo-
cated; must sell at once. Call 120 Stockton.
j BUSINESS place for sale. 330 Minna St., city.
' $175— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent: gooa
prices; must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush st.
! FOR SALE— Good shoe store and repairing;
I low rent; best location. BOX 4I*SO, ''all.
A HUSTLER with $150 can get half-interest In
: excellent established business. .27 Mission st.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
| stock; investigate; bargain. 436 Geary st.
SPLENDID location; candy store; $200. Box
CMI, Call office.
j I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants, I
hotels, merchandise, etc. ; sold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL. 10084 Market.
A $:_..; BARBER shop with laundry office; re-
ceipts $70 week: 3 chairs; near Market; bar-
gain. City Business Exchange, 1032 Market.
FOR Grocer,- and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Dv-
I pont. city; owners wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information Inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; good location; for sale
cheap; no agents. Inquire at Call offlce.
FOR sale — Grocerj' and bar. NE. corner
First and Folsom sts.
CIGAR store; must be sold; offer wanted. Ap-
ply 400 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
Apply 527 Montgomery st.
GROCERY and bar, well stock.d; cheap. Ap-
ply. WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 320 Clay. et.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., SUNDAY, JUI/F 23, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
-I^_iß sale— The Lark Saloon, 12 Seventh st. _
FOR sal*— old established corner grocery
and saloon; doing a good profitable business;
owner moving to his own store. Apply at
Hibernla Brewery, 1235 Howard st.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
»2W)O— FIRST-CLASS grocery; must be sold at
once; best of reasons for selling; new stock
and fixtures: will Invoice .3000; long estab-
lished low rent; long lease; Investigate Im-
mediately; chance for Eastern man. Box
4991. Call office.
140 000 FOR _ Interest in an enterprising busi-
ness: no experience required. Address box
499.. Call office.__ ;
STORE— Coffee, tea, crockery and notions, 1128*4
Folsom; very reasonable. Apply 1176 Harrison.
$183— BRANCH bakery, notion store; 2 living
rooms: 806% Filbert at.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783% Market st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250; splendid lo-
cality; caph business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
FIRST-CLASS locality, for fruit and poultry in
market; complete fixtures. Post St., near La-
guna.
FIRST-CLASS paving butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business in thrifty condition; 50 miles
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. Box 4865. Call office.
$1 Mi^-000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento st. : tel. Main Igaa.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San j
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents. '
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from 080.
W. CASWELL & co 'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale— A buggy and saddle horse. Apply
at 3011 Twentieth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EC AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagon:*, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AMI CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works 368-367 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 328; lowest rates.
CARI'ETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
XT S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 34,.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-heating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ay : tel. East 126.
, CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cur*, for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life' reader; also medical clalrvcyant; treats
private^ chronic or obscure diseases; send ;
stamp for circular. Offlces. 232 Stockton, bet-
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. I
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and I
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings; j
ladles, 60c: gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk. j
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York, scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings, BOc and $1. 513 Tenth St., Oakland.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Halev: tells your life from cradle to grave;
60c, $1 up. 100 Taylor St., parlors 35.
'.■■■ WALTERS, the great card-reader; la-
dies 25c: tents 50c. '■'* Mission, near 6th.;
open Sundays.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission st., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pa>-; 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy st.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist: past. ;
prpsent and future, 25c. 14^ Sixth st., room 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission. :
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.: 26c. 1322 Mission. .
YOUR future told by cards. 25c Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin et.. room 6.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. .11 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; newly renovated; !
m..dern: iPresidio" Heights. 403 Laurel it.
MADISON & BURKE.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath. ga6:
cottage of J rooms. IS7'3 If.th St.. nr. Doloies.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2303 Polk c i.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, 6 Wolf st. ; rent $». Key
at 294S Mission st. ■
MILL Valley— For rent for 3 months from Au- -
gust 5, furnished cottage, 4 rooms and bath:
C minutes' walk from station; magnificent .
view; rent $20. Address box 913. Call office.
FURNISHED tent for housekeeping: also camp-
ing ground. Address H. HARDMAN, Ross, j
Marin County. ]
6-ROOM and bath cottage on Tenth aye.. near!
Point Lobos; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN, 19
Montgomery st.
j6— REAP, cottage; 4 rooms, basement; water
free. 839 Jersey st. ; Castro cars.
$S— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms, yard. 1705 Turk
st., near Scott.
COUNTRY' BOARDING.
COUPLE without children can find extra com-
fortable board on fruit farm at reasonable i
rates. Ad. DAVIDSON. Dimond. Alameda Co.
DENTISTS.
A -_ DR « iT%s -j HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927 |
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract- j
ed or filled without pain; electricity, bus or :
chloroform administered; the best and most |
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold ;
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c; ■
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from ,
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee j-ur work, i
Open evenings and Sundays. |
A DISCOUNT if 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown |
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill- j
Ings, 50c; crowns, $3.70; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. -' Sixth st. _______^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teoth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $'1; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; flilings, 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges. $.7 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 369 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Jtahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity-; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, , r .r*c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
V iT.vn. 1-41 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers: Individual instruction,
200 graduates annually placed ln positions;
students can enter for any course any time:
no entrance examinations; new bo-page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address seo-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market ' st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, . telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
INSTRUCTION In dancing, ballroom or stage,
Mon. and Frl. svgs. Prof. O'Brien, 107 Larkin. [
EDUCATIONAL^
HOPF"S Singing, Piano School; half rates
summer months; French. Spanish daily.
Mercantile Library. 530 Golden Gate aye.,
rms. 5. 6, 7; hours 2 to S.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
ln shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: daj,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day and eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
DANCING, ballroom, stage, taught; private or
class. IRVINE'S. 421 Post St.. near Powell.
SHORTHAND in ten weeks or a j-ear's tuition
free. Room 30, 122, Turk st„ S. F.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandnlght; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio. 1023 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German. 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo. 514 Hayes st., top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States 6r Canada one year for $_,
postage paid. — —
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI.- 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nes*.. 426 l'owell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 13-1.
EMPLO I' MENT WASTED —
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation as
cook; understands all branches of cooking;
Jewish or American family: best local refer-
ences. Please call or address MISS D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.; telephone Grant 120.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place; city or country. MISS D. CULLEN,
317, Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl. $10 to $15. Apply MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, superior and first-class; also 3 first-
class servants for housework; all with ret-
erences from 1 year to 16 years ln one place;
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WE have 6 good chambermaids waiting places,
city or country. THE NEW EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE, 751 Market st. ; phone Black 3911.
WANTED— By a competent young woman, sit-
uation to care for an invalid or take entire
charge of an infant. Call or address M. S.,
1131 Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes work In hotel or
boarding house or for ranch bands; city or
country. 267 Stevenson st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; 75c; city ref-
erences. Box 1523, Call. '
WANTED— A situation by a woman, 25 years
of age, in a private family, to do housework.
Apply 511, Minna st. __^
AN experienced dressmaker in ladles' and
children's clothes will accept more engage-
ments ln families; $1 25 per day; references.
Apply 1514 Buchanan St.
WORKING housekeeper wants work half a day
or few hours dally; or would like a posi-
tion in physician's office; best of references.
Box 917. Call.
SWEDISH woman wants position ln private
family to cook. 934 Capp st.
REFINED girl wants home and small com-
pensation with nice family or private hotel.
In city or country, to care for children above
2 years; German descent; would like some
time for study; reference. Box 921. Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
first-class laundress: makes herself genernlly
useful; best references given. Call at 120
Wilder St., near Steiner, bet. Bush and I'm..
ELDERLY German woman would like situa-
tion to assist In small family. 113 Perry st.
GIRL wants a place to do general housework.
Call at 921 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady
would like situation as working housekeeper;
has references, Box 939, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady teacher desires position ln office
or as assistant bookkeeper. Box 952. Call.
YOUNG lad) wants bookkeeping, general oflice
work or clerking mornings. Box 4825, Call.
YOUNG lady wants Invalid nursing mornings.
Box 4828, Call.
NEAT, reliable lady wishes a position out of
San Francisco August 1; four years working
housekeeper and care of invalid; can make
herself useful at millinery, dressmaking or
any kind of work; fare paid. Box 4593, Call.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper or agent for wholesale house;
accustom herself to most any kind of business; j
city or country. 223 Kearny St., room 12.
WOMAN wishes washing to do at home; work
done satisfactorily and reasonable. Call or
address 1211 Bush st.
COMPETENT, rettned American woman wishes
housekeeper's position; city or country. Ap-
ply at 771 Market St., first floor.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; city or
country; understands American and French
king; 3 years' references. Call for two
days, 1153 Howard st.
TEACHER holding San Francisco Grammar
grade certificate, desires position ln private
family; willing and obliging; country pre-
ferred. Box 963. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work half days, housecleanlng.
Call 6 Rose place.
YOUNG girl wishes position at housework or
take care of baby. Cull or address 1155 Fol-
e -ii St.; rear.
WANTED— By a young girl, with best refer-
ences, position to do general housework. Ad-
dress box 976, Call office.
YOUNG lady, good writer, wishes position In
office; understands bookkeeping and steno-
graphing. Address box 980, Call office.
BRIGHT young lady of business education
wishes position ln office; good experience.
Address box 974, Call offlce.
SWEDISH woman wants washing. Ironing or
housecleanlng by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shotwell.
YOUNG woman wishes work by day washing or
housecleanlng; ls good laundress. Box .73,
Call offlce.
WOMAN With a boy aged 9 wishes situation
as housekeeper or to take charge of rooming
bouse; references. Address MRS. WILLS, 472
Eighth st.. Oakland.
WOMAN wants washing and housecleanlng by
the day. 167,1 Howard st.
WOMAN would like washing to do at home;
reasonable rates. 1500 Howard st. ; rear.
"GENTS" Washing, ironing and mending
done neatly; no Chinese smoke or smell; all
nice and sweet. MRS. TOMPKINS, 944 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— By a bright young lady, expe-
rienced, position as copyist, cashier or office
work; best of references; wages no object.
Box 912, ( .ill office
TWO German girls Just from East wish situa-
tions; upstairs work: highest references. 1207
Market St.; phone Mint 1839.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG woman wishes position as house-
keeper. 126 Fourth St.. room 16.
LADY wants to do sewing and mending at
home. 179 Fourth St., room 6.
YOUNG German couple want positions; private
or hotel; city or country. Box 1502. Call office.
WANTED— Care of infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990, Call office. y
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engage-
ments in families; terms $1 25 per day; ref-
erences. Box 784, Call office.
GIRL wants position as apprentice in dress-
making; has had some experience; $2 25 per
week. Address 785. Call office.
WANTED— By Protestant woman, place as
working housekeeper or invalid's nurse; ref-
erences. box 1450. Call office.
TWO Swedish women, one first-class cook, one
good laundress: city or country; flrst-class
references. Box 786. Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing or housework; terms
BOc. Address box 1448, Call Office.
WOMAN wishes to do housework In small fam-
ily oart washing: best references. Address
box 787, Call office.
YOUNG woman, with small child, wishes situ-
ation- willing to work for small wages; no
postals. Box 788, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED woman wants a situation to
do housework or take care of children; good
references given: city or country. Address
box 443. Call Office.
STENOGRAPHER, owning machine, . desires
position as offlce assistant or to do copying
at home. Address box 784, Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
' washing and ironing; *1 25 per day. Call 1420
Mason st. j .":'."■ .
YOUNG woman would like chamberwork
ln small rooming house, or assist ln
general housework. 808 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cham-
bermaid; no objection to the country: lately
from the East. Call ox address box 790, Call.,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
COMPETENT middle-aged woman, who is good
. cook and housekeeper, wants situation; city
or short distance ln the country; wages $10 to
$15. Call or address 904 Washington st., near
Powell.
SWEDISH girl wishes place as cook and
laundress; private American family; good
references; city or country; state wages.
Address 225 Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, having own
machine, desires a position; will substitute;
references given. Box 1423, Call.
WANTED— Situation to do housework ln a
small family; gcod city ■ references. Apply
at 275 Fell st.
LADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission, room 1.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; Is
a flrst-class cook and laundress. 209 Ivy aye..
near Franklin and Haj'es sts.
NURSE wishes few more engagements; city
references; terms reasonable. Address or call
Nurse, 191 Seventh st., room 7.
WANTED A situation to do housework; good
city references. Apply 275 Fell St.
STRONG young American woman wishes to do
general housewoik; is good plain cook; will
sleep home. Address box 1370, Call.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework;
good references. Call 736 Myrtle St., Oakland.
PROFESSIONAL nurse wants few more en-
gagements; terms reasonable. Address
Nurse, 191 Seventh St., room 7.
YOUNG lady of good address, stylish and re-
fined, stranger ln the city, wants position as
cashier or any clerical work. Box 1298, Call.
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes employment
to care for Invalid gentleman; nervous
case desired; good references. Box 1299, Call.
WANTED Bj- a flrst-class cook, a position as
cook in a camp. Box 1954, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation at
housework; city or country. 974 Folsom St.
YOUNG French laundress wants work by the
day; baby dresses, bonnets or any kind of
work. Call MRS. T. V., 1714 Polk st.
YOUNG lady would like any kind of mending
to do at home, such as underwear, neckties,
coat collars, sllk umbrellas, etc. Ask for
EDNA MILLER, 422 Minna Bt.
WOMAN wants a position to do cooking; good
cook. J. H., -51 Pine st.
BY an excellent cook, a position ln the coun-
try, either in hotel, boarding-house or ln
camp. Box 1955, Call Orflce.
YOUNG lady cashier; 7 years' experience;
good references given. Address 809 Mason
St., near Pine.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion as Invalid nurse or working house-
keeper. Address box 1352, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, cutter and fitter
wlßhes work by the day. Address box 1351,
Call.
FIRST-CLASS reliable colored girl wants
situation as maid, or to do offlce cleaning;
has flrst-class references. Address box 1341,
Call Office.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
or cook for men on ranch. Box 791. Call.
YOUNG woman wants position as housekeep-
er; a good cook; Nevada preferred. Please
call or address 270 Minna st.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer; 7 years'
experience, 5 years In last place; speaks
German; $50 per month; references. 525 Post
st., flrst floor.
YOUNG girl would like a place in any kind
of a store. 249 Natoma St.
YOUNG lady who understands stenography,
typewriting and bookkeeping would like a
position. Address box 1348, Call Offlce.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires a posi-
tion wholesale house ■ preferred ; best refer-
ences. Box 1310, Call Office.
COMPETENT German woman want's work by
the day, washing, Ironing, housecleanlng, etc.;
$1 and carfare. Box 1346, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper will go by the day
or week; ls a fine laundress; can do any kind
of work; Is strong and willing; would en-
gage now; 75 cents and $1 and carfare. In-
dies please call 276 Jessie St., downstairs,
flrst floor, room L
SEWING by the day wanted ln private fami-
lies. Address box 1347, Call Office.
WANTED— Situation by competent young wo-
man to take entire charge of an infant or
care lor an invalid. CaU or address M. S.,
1131 Broadwaj-.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day
housecleanlng or washing; $1 a day. Up-
stairs, 937 Folsom st.
WANTED— By a competent woman, a situa-
tion to do general housework; one who ls
good cook; moderate wages. Apply at 560
Mission st. ; no postals.
AN experienced dressmaker, flne fitter, wishes
a few more engagements by the day; terms,
$1 25 per day. Apply at 1037 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work by the day or half day,
sewing, waiting or cleaning; $1 50 day. H.,
1421 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS reliable colored girl wants sit-
uation as maid, or to do office cleaning; has
flrst-class references. Address box 1342, Call.
EXPERIENCED cashier wishes a position;
security or bonds given. Address bj' postal,
lu26'i Washington st., near Powell.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like a
situation as working housekeeper; city or
country. Call or address CO7Vi Stevenson St.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework;
good references. Call 736 Myrtle St.. Oak-
land.
COMPETENT woman wants place as nurse or
housekeeper or will do any kind of house-
Work by the day or week. Call or address
79 Jessie St., near Second.
WANTED— By a flrst-class cook, a position as
. cook in a camp. Apply box 12, 90S Broadway,
Oakland.
WOMAN wants position to do cooking; good
cook. J. H., 851 Pine st. *
BY an excellent cook, a position ln the coun-
try. either ln hotel, boarding-house or camp.
Apply box 13, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in widow-
er's family where there are 2 or 3 children, or
care for Invalid For particulars apply box
14. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— By a refined young lady, position In
a physician's or dentist's office. Apply box
15, 90s Broadway, Oakland.
A YOUNG German woman wishes position as
cook or housecleanlng by the day. 2748 Lom-
bard St., near Lyon; telephone West 620.
YOUNG lady cashier; 7 years' experience; good
references given. Address SOO Mason St., near
Pine.
WOMAN will give her services free flve hours
each day to do housework for the object of
obtaining employment for young man at fair
wages. Pox 1219, Call office.
LADY wishes position as visiting teacher, or
would teach scholars at her home; grammar,
primary and high school branches. J. E., 1115
Steiner St.
POSITION wanted by a woman to do pantry
work or chamber work In hotel or summer
resort, or would do dishes In city or country.
Address box 1215. Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes a situation as
working housekeeper; flrst-class cook; city or
country. MRS. WOOD, 603 Washington st.
WOMAN wishes a situation ln private fam-
ily; thoroughly understands cooking and
housework;" will do plain washing and help
with children; moderate wages. Call at 261
Stevenson St., near Fourth.
WOMAN wants work by the day; offloes or
housecleanlng, or would do nursing. Address
G. M., 275 Fell st. ■
SWEDISH girl wishes place as cook and
downstairs work for a family; can fur-
nish good recommendations; city or coun-
try. Address Box 1216, Call Offlce.
COMPETENT waitress, parlor maid or house-
maid wants situation In private family; best
references; city or country. Call or address
721 Bush st. • •
AN American cook on general work; city or
country; reference. Box 1213, Call offlce.
INTELLIGENT, refined j'oung lady desires
situation as lady's maid; excellent seam-
stress, also hairdresser; experienced; high-
est references; would leave city. Address
Box 1217, Call. •
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day; references If required. 229 Shipley St.,
second floor.
REFINED lady would like a position as
housekeeper or do plain sewing. Call after-
noon 1027's Market St., room 8, 2d floor.
LADY wants position as seamstress and to
assist; country. Box 1211, Call.
FIRST-CLASS English seamstress wants po-
sition as lady's maid. Box 1210, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing . and housecleanlng. 48 Seventh st.
YOUNG French laundress wants work by the
day ■ baby dresses, bonnets, or any kind of
work. Call MRS. T. V., 1714 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position in an
American family: small wages; good home
more of an object; light housework; city. 952
Harrison st.
YOUNG lady would like any kind of mending
to do at home, such as underwear, neckties,
coat • collars, sllk umbrellas, etc. Ask for
EDNA MILLER, 422 Minna st.
WOMAN— flrst-class cook or housework; Al
city references. Call or address 1807 Mission
St., near Fourteenth. ■*;>-.,
MIDDLE-AGED woman, ■- good cook and laun-
dress, wants a situation; city or count.-y;
wages. $10 to $12. Call or address 1000 Wash-
ington St. .'-_'7 (
EMPLOYMENT 'YVANTED— FemaIe.
FIRST-CLASS reliable colored girl warns sit-
uation as maid, or to do offlce cleaning; has
flrst-class references. Address box 1206, Call.
RELIABLE woman wants work by . tbe daj', .
housecleanlng or washing. Apply 1709 Leav-
enworth st.
EXPERIENCED ladles' nurse wishes situa-
tion, from $10 to 112 BO a week; doctor's ref-
erences. 2 Warren place, oft Mission st.
WANTED— Bj- experienced ladles' nurse, wait
on invalid and make herself useful; terms
reasonable; best of references. Call at 1410
Octavia st. ' , '
YOUNG lady, familiar with typewriting and
office work, desires position In an offlce:
wages $3 or $4 a week. Address J. A. S., 1211
Fillmore st.
WOMAN wants position to do cooking; good
cook. J. H., 851 Pine st.
WELL-EDUCATED woman, 39, wants work;
heen 4 years wholesale clerk. 18 years house- '
keeper; good pianiste. Box IS2O. Call Office. j
LADY graduate from college, with 20 years'
experience, wishes a position in doctor's office
and to help with operations. Address D. 8.,
11.4 Shotwell st.
RELIABLE, trustworthy woman desires situ-
ation to assist house or light housework In
small private familj, car fare. Address F.
R., 110 Noe st.
BY an excellent cook, a position ln the coun-
try; either In hotel, boarding-house or camp.
Apply 954 Broadway. Oakland.
REFINED English lady, experienced house-
keeper, sunny nature, wants work In mining
camp or managing country hotel. Address
MRS. BELL. 11 Seventh st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper ln widow-
er's family, where there are 2 or 3 children,
or care of invalid. For particulars apply 954
Broadway. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer,
typewriter and assistant bookkeeper; wages
$5 per week. Box 1690, Call office.
WANTED— a refined young lady, position
in a physician's or dentist's offlce. Apply at
964 Broadway. Oakland.
YOUNG German woman wishes position as
cook or housekeeping, by the day 2748 Lom-
bard St.; near Ljon; telephone West 620.
YOUNG lady cashier, seven years' experience;
good references given. Address 809 Mason St.,
near Pine.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housework; citj- or country. 974 Folsom st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc' on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help 414% OFarrell st. ; tel. East 424.
GARDENER, married, as care taker of pri-
vate place; thorough experience; not afraid
of work: best references. Address Gardener,
Dalves Hotel, Woodside, Cal.
BOY, 15 years, wants place on a ranch ln the
country, where it is not too warm; 'wages
no object. Box 941, Call offlce.
COACHMAN, neat and quick worker and thor-
ough horseman; first-class city references;
position city or country. Box 914, Call office.
BY a night-school student, age 16, a position
where he can work for board and room, be-
fore and after school, or receive small sal-
arj-; a willing worker; speaks German. Box
943. Call offlce.
GOOD bread baker wishes position; second
hand. Box 911, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY' man desires position in a
wholesale house or furniture store as porter
or helper; Is flrst-class carpenter. Address
box 935. Call offlce.
COMPETENT bookkeeper would like four
hours' work each day. Box 920, Call.
YOI 'NO man, experienced city driver, wishes
situation; no Sunday work; fair wages; does
not drink. Box 919, Call.
PERMANENT situation wanted as solicitor
or salesman by a first-class German: very
best i if references given. Box 1526, Call.
WANTED — A position on fruit farm by man
who understands pruning, drying and pack-
ing fruit. Box 979, Call.
WOODTURNER, with experience on general
machine work, wants position. E. LUX,
5718 Minna st.
GOOD cook wants position In a cafe or res-
taurant; German: 27 years; sober and steady.
Address F. G., 774% Folsom St.
YOUNG man, 33, well educated, good salesman,
wishes position In wholesale or retail busi-
ness; quick to learn; salary less an object
than position. J. S.. box 962. Call offl.e.
YOUNG man wants work; ls a good painter. !
handj' man about place. Address K. H., box '
957, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; hand.v j
with tools; used to handling horses. Address j
box 1547, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with ex-
perience in cigar and grocery business. Box
977, Call offlce.
BOY' over 15. handy with tools, wants work, ;
manufacturing or carving. Address W. C.
JOHNSON, 204 McAllister st.
SITUATION— and wife on ranch, mines
or private place; man handj- with carpenter's
tools; wife good plain cook Box 618. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, with years of business
experience, wishes position; general office
work: or collector for large company: refer-
ence and bond. Box 5204, Call offlce, Oakland.
ENGINEER and pipefitter wants a job ln the
city. A. W\. box 979, Call offlce.
GRADUATE mechanical engineer, of ten
years' experience, desires position. Box 7403,
Call offlce, Oakland.
COACHMAN'S situation wanted by thoroughly
competent man; am recommended by the
most prominent families In California as good
and stjiish driver; verj' clean, neat and or-
derlj- in all his surroundings. Address G. F.
W„ 147 Fifth st.
WANTED, by a young married man. stranger
in citj - , some permanent position; good pen-
man and accurate at figures, with some
knowledge of bookkeeping; wholesale house
preferred; no objections to leaving the city.
Box 933. Call.
GENERAL machinist and engineer wants posi-
tion in mine; able to do his own blacksmlth-
ing; also has experience in amalgamating and j
artesian well boring. Address within 1 week J
WM. W. WEBER. Winchester Hotel. I
FIRST-CLASS French cook, second to none,
having worked ln best families of New York.
with best references, wishes position as cook
in city or abroad. Box 4971. Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily as coachman or man about place; under-
stands the care of horses; can milk and tend
garden; references. Box 910, Call.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class salesman;
flrst-class references given; speaks German
and English perfectly. Address box 1992, Call. j
YOUNG man desires position In a progressive
business house; handy at anything and not (
afraid of work. Address box 1522, Call.
WANTED— Situation ln grocery or cigar store
or lodging house: small wages; highest refer-
' ences. Address box 937, Call.
YOUNG man (23) wants work at anything; city
or country. Box 934, Call.
ENGINEER and electrician; holds flrst-class i
New York City license: 18 j-ears' experience |
In hotels and lighting plants; has had charge
of some of the largest plants East: thorough- !
ly understands all details In connection with
his department: best of references. SHEL-
DON, 1219 Mission st.
YOUNG unmarried man of excellent character !
wants position of any kind; will deposit $50 j
as security for my honesty; no fakir need i
answer. Address box 907, Call offlce.
RELIABLE Japanese school boy wants a po- j
sition to work in family; good references. S. |
HARA, 1329 Pine St. ____________ i
YOUNG man - 'ies position as bookkeeper or \
office work; 7 years' experience and good ref- j
1 erences. Box 1508, Cali office.
WANTED— A situation by an engineer and
machinist. Address C. O. 8., box 1507. Call. L
GOOD barber wants a first-class situation. Ad- ■
dress 119 Oak st.
COACHMAN— wanted; thoroughly
understands care of horses, carriages, garden,
milking; good driver; thoroughly competent.
Box 4999. Call offlce.
CHEAPEST and best ip America— The Weekly !
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, .
postage paid-, :
WANTED— lntelligent young man. disabled in I
right arm. desire? light employment; ear* .
keep accounts; best references. Address C. I
W. A., 114 Natoma st. ;
HOTEL CLERK wants work of some kind, j
Box 1430. Call.
YOUNG man, good appearance and habits;
good hustler; can do most any kind of work. . ■
Box 1429. Call. .
WANTED by a middle-aged man, reliable and
trustworthy; can milk; care of horses and i ■
drive; care for garden and be useful around j I
a place; references. Box 1428, ('all.
MAN wants situation ln private familj- or do !
chores around hotel: understands care of ;
horses; can milk and care for garden; low
wages. Box 1427, Call.
WANTED by a competent workman, position
in some institution or hotel as paper-hanger,
tlnter, whitener, etc.; fully capable of taking
care of property: a trial only necessary; ref- j
erences given. Box 1431, Call. , *
FIRST-CLASS lunch cook wishes a situation
in a flrst-class saloon; references Al. Ad-
dress H. L., 506 Union aye., cor Bank.
WANTED— Position as Janitor by middle-aged (
American; temperate and reliable: handy
with tools. Address G. 3. X., 521 , , i Stevenson
St., city.
EMPLOYMENT WA^E^Male.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by an engineer ar.d
mechanic; can furnish flrst-class references.
Address box 1412. Call. •
FIRST-CLASS -French waiter would like p<__
1 ■ition in a country hotel or .restaurant for
summer; wages reasonable. Box 1414, Call.
BOY 17 years of age. high school student, da
sires position in wholesale house, offlce or
bank where he can begin at the bottom and
advance; good references. Address E. H.,
1108 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED abstractor of titles and com-
petent all-round office man wants situation;
best recommendations. Address C. L. DA-
VIS, Carson City. Nevada.
tjTitnNO energetic man for housework; $10
• In. 1 good home! Aduiess box 1340. Call. __
W a NTKD— Position with wholesale grocery,
notion or confectionery jobber by a young
gentleman who has had 12 year* experience
selling and buying; is a hustler. Box 1341,
call Office. [ _ . ,
IBY a middle-aged American, position as porter
in hotel, or to do chores in private family; Is
handy with tools and strictly temperate. Ad-
dress C- B. SPENCER, Winchester Hotel,
Third st. ___
GERMAN -AMERICAN gardener; understands
car*- of horses; references; wages reasonabio
Address P. M 674 East Sixteenth St., East
Oakland. ■-.." - -"- ■■
GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who
understands his business; will wort as as-
sistant; salary no object; good references.
Pox 1803, Call office.
MAN wants work as night watchman or as
janitor; good references. B. W., 120* Powell.
GERMAN, 7 years in this country, would like
to have a place as bookkeeper, porter or
janitor: good recommendation. ADOLF
FRESE, 346 Hayes St.
COMPETENT horseshoer or floorman wishes
• situation; wages moderate; references. Ad-
dress 917*.i Minna St.
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged sober
man as night watchman or as janitor; city
preferred. Address D. CHATIGNEY, 321 Pa-
cific St., room 56.
STRONG, energetic man for housework; $_•
and good borne. Address box 1340. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants work for- house
and garden; handy with tools. Address K.
KESSEL 217 Oeary St., city.
RELIABLE elderly German wants a place as
barkeeper in a country hotel or saloon. Ad-
dress box 1245, Call.
YOUNG man desires position as assistant
bookkeeper, time clerk or shipping clerk; has
two years' experience. A, W., box 1346, Call.
GOOD vessel or camp cook: very neat; uses
no whisky or tobacco. Pox 1347, (.'all Offlce.
COMPETENT compositor wants any Kind of
Job piece work or otherwise; references. Ad-
dress box 1201, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by a young Dane in a
private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses, cows and garden; temperate habits
and good references. Address P. LUND, 300
Seventh st., Oakland.
SUMMER resort or hotel situation wanted by
temperate, reliable gentleman as clerk, book-
keeper, steward or general utility man; will-
ing to make himself useful: best references;
salary reasonable. Box 1103, Call.
STRICTLY temperate, educated, good appear-
ance, strong and in perfect health; fond of
money; would like some kind of employment
Where there is plenty of work to do. Address
box 1204. Call. ■
WANTED— Position with wholesale grocery.
notion or confectionery jobber by a young
gentleman who has 12 years' experience sell-
ing and buying: a hustler. Box 1205. Call.
RELIABLE flrst-class man wants any kind of
a clerical position. Address box 1202. Call.
SOBER man, thoroughly acquainted with the
liquor and wine business, wants situation.
A. L., 1110 Pacific st.
BY a German-American gardener: understands
care of horses; references; wages reasonable.
P. M , 674 East Sixteenth St., East Oakland.
STRONG young man, 28, married, handy, neat
and reliable, good habits, with references,
wishes work of any kind. Address CHARLES
A. LAN I 'IS. 252 Perry St.
YOUNG man. age 17. strong, healthy and will-
ing .-alar-, rot so much ob'ect o«* «teMv
work; wholesale or retail, or any kind of •
Situation for a start. Address Join.-., 1512
Mission st.
WATCHMAN, handy about place, good plain
good plain carpenter; refined and temperate
man of good address and appearance, wants
something to do. .dress box 1000. Call.
SOBER, Industrious, thoroughly reliable man
wants situation; salesman, solicitor, experi-
enced in store work, warehouse, etc. Address
box 1002. Call office.
. SITUATION wanted; experienced man in bank-
ing and mercantile bookkeeping; ls also flrst-
class stenographer and typewriter; has high-
■ est references. Address box 1002, Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation as coachman by middle-
. aged American; temperate; country preferred.
Address G. S., ."7: , _ Stevenson st.
A MAN wishes to attend to a cigar stand or
] similar bus;..- for several hours a day. Ad-
dress R. O. X.. 915% Market st.
GERMAN married, age 30, wants work of any
kind, steady, reliable; first-class workman;
careful driver; Al city references. Address
box 1003, Call office.
WANTED Work of any kind; go anywhere;
handy with tools. Apply room 1. 314 Sixth.
YOUNG single man wants situation as coach-
man; can do plain gardening; temperate;
careful driver: s'_ in last place; flrst-claso
City references. Address box 1447. Call.
RELIABLE .middle-aged man, handy with
tools, wants work in orchard or private place.
Address J. H.. box 1449. Call. .
WANTED— LIsht employment bj- a steady,
reliable man; all day or only part of day;
small wages. Box 144-7 Call. >
YOUNG man 24. desires position ln offlce or
wholesale house in clerical capacity; 9 years
last place; best re. erences. Address box 1444,
Call.
COMPETENT man wants situation In an In-
stitution or private house to do any kind of
work and make himself generallj- useful;
wages no object. Call or address JOSEPH
SCHAEFFER, 1410 Pine st.
WANTED— Situation by an excellent experi-
enced baker's helper: large bakery; speaks
German. Address WILLIAM FALCON.
Model Lodging House. 739 Mission st.
WANTED— Situation as dishwasher for 600
persons; competent. Address letter WIL-
HELM FALCON. Model Lodging House, 733
Mission St.
BRIGHT boy of 18 j-ears wishes position In
store or wholesale house; some experience ln
dry and gents' furnishing goods. M. H., 1115
Steiner st.
WANTED— Position in wholesale house as
potter, clerk or salesman by a man of 20
years' experience. Address box 1004, Call.
BUTCHER— Experienced, honest young man
of 17 wants situation in city or country at
very reasonable wages. Address A. 8., ?!'*,
Buchanan st.
EDUCATED German wants situation in hotel
or railroad engineering: able ln English and
Spanish. 2221 Peraita st., Oakland.
ELDERLY gentleman desires light work, or to
take charge of house during owner's absence;
good home preferred more than high wages.
1 Address box 1000. Call.
HOTEL clerk and barkeeper; experienced
young single man desires position: ctty or
country. Address L. L., 1504 Market st.,
room 32.
&
GOOD cook wants situation. Address G. R.,
2308 Howard St.
MAN, 30 years old. wishes to learn the wagon
blacksmith trade; best of references. Ad-
dress box lOCS. Call. '.:-:■ ... 7
TWO j-ounjr men. 20 and 21 years old. would
like to work on fruit ranch; understand care
Of horses. Box 1007. CalL . . .
YOUNG man, aged 74, who speaks Danish,
German and English, and Is not afraid of
hard work, would like to have any kind of
' employment at once: good references. H. 8..
517 Ninth st., Oakland.
— . . — , — _.
GENTLEMANLY young masseur and experi-
enced nurse wants engagements. Box 1009.
Call.
POSITION as gardener on private place; can
milk and tend to horses; Is handy with car-
penters' tools, plumbing and general utility:
wages moderate; middle-aged and single; ref-
erences. M. J., 737 Howard st.
WANTED— Position in office of flrst-class den-
tist by graduate U. C. Dental College; salary
nominal to begin, or will work on percentage.
Address box 1009. Call.
$4 PER week: correspondent: penman; general
business experience; bookkeeper; - linguist:
lecturer; married gentleman; age 50; widely
acquainted;, wishes light hours; day or night;
In sedentary calling. Address box 1010. Call.
A 'MAKER; sober and steady: would like
a place In some lodging-house. Address box
1011. Call.
SITUATION by middle-aged man; under-
stands care of horses and work around pri-
vate place and care of chickens; is good gar-
dener. Box 1012. Call Offlce.
YOUNG boy. 14 years old. wants situation to
run errands and do chores. Call or address
46 Seventh st.
BOOKKEEPER and correspondent; English.
French. German, Spanish, wishes employ-
ment; excellent references. Box 1013. Call.
COMPETENT, reliable man wants situation
as porter or janitor; Is middle-aged German:
best of city references. Address box 1014,
Call Office.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.EXCHANGE.
FOR v f*ale of exchange— (s-room story and a half 1
house; lot s200; barn, chicken houee and j
bu_r;;v s-h.*..: town water; located best resi- j
uence street Dixon: value $2000. -Address box. 1
U.KI.^PB-bft.fK*. '*'"" ■'■fw- •' ■'■■' ■••■ '■-■' !
FLATS TO LET. I
A M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKE- ST.
FLATS. COTTAGES.
217 £im ay.. 5 r....17 121 Cedar nv.. 5 r. .$l5
431 Ith ay., 6 r 16 . _: Jackson. Br 12 I
2937 California. 7 r 15 17 Erkson ct., ' r.. 11 j
2301 Gearv. S r .15 2055 Ellis, 3 r '■• :
605 Ivy ay., 4 r.... 13 S2O Buchanan, 3 r.. 8
1229 Broderick, 4r. 12 13 Garden a". . 4r. . j
A -TEHAMAM36.and.3B-=-4-room flats: reason- ;
..Me rent; clean: neat. A. M. SPE<K A « 0.,
667 Market St. |
'ADELAIDE ! pIace.'. SW. ott Taylor, near Post - I
Flat. 4 nice sunny rooms.*) sl2; i. .cut ral.
BAY'-WINDOW 7 flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent j
'$l6. 33 Clara st. . ■
cHcb_c_rc^rflaTtrT43y euis »V;A"22£"'
and bath: sun In every roomrrentTo* .Ap- :
ply MADISON i- BURKE. 626, Market at...-.., |
FINE corner flat," 7 rooms:' all modern Improre- I
men .. yard: cellar; sun all daj-. US eb- j
ster st.. near Haight. . i
FLAT hunu7g*"nTade .eM^wlthj! the printed j
liFt you s-t from BALDWIN A HOW ELL.
10 Monte mery st. j
Ft "CTS I )uses:-all sizes and prices. COF-
FEY. 'HUGHES & .COr 19, Montgomery, st. j
FULTON.I llfr^Good r lower ,-. 6 rooms, bath; j
r.ear City Hall;; $16. | ■
GEARY, 7277-' hoice upper flat; 6 large sunny !
rooms," bath; reasonable.
HOWARD ISo2— Sunny bay-window flat of 3 (
rooms and bath; $11. |
LOWER flat. I rooms 'and bath. $12. 64 Fair j
Oaks st.. near Twenty-second.
MODERN 5-room upper flat. 133 Ash aye.. be- |
rv.;. .-n l'.'.k. Van Ness, McAllister. Fu'.tom
MODERN upper flat; 5 rooms, bath. 33 Hardy {
.'. . off Sixteenth, above Church.
NEAR City Hall; 2 new upper sunny modern
fiats; 5 rooms and bath each; 2S Grove st. and ;
25 Birch ,:-. «
NEW 5-room. sunny flat, frescoed, bath, water
free; $15. S74S Twent\--second St., nr Castro. ;
NP E sunny corner flat, 6 rooms and bath; ■
large yard; northwest corner Twenty-fourth I
and Hampshire sts.; rent $20.
N'ORpOLK, 26. off Folsom— 4 nice rooms. $10. I
14 'Lfincion. ofT Howard— 2 sunny rooms. $5. 1
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and N- sts.: 1
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern improve- .
ments: lent $17: water free.
Si OTT. 2036. corner Sacral -Modern 7- 1
room flat: rent reduced.
SITPJSRIpR arranged 6-room flat: sunny; rea-
sonable. 17i'J Scott st.. near Sutter.
fUNNY rr*ode:n bay-window flat, 3 rooms. ;
bath: $12. 2S De Ding aye., near Chutes. ~
SUNNY UDper flat; 7 rooms; good condition. |
1150 Mission St.. near Seventh; $16 : j
SUNNY rear flat. 5 rooms and bath. 919 A Sut- ;
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. -.ear Castro— Sunny 5- I
{room flat: modern; rent $15: water free.
TWO nice unfurnished flats; 4 rooms each: i
water free; $10 and $11. Apply 12118 Bush st. j
TWO new sunny flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath:
garden; laundry. 1014 13th St.. near Scott. |
UPPER'flat, 2 s " Clara st.. 4 rooms, rent $3.1
MADISON* BURKE.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms. ; 1
bath each: I*l2l Haves st.. .- i. an . -'■' Golden j
Oate aye.7 $21.:.-; -■< |
ib.'-OM? and hath; large cellar; large flower;
garden; 1219 Laguna St.. cor. Ellis. Inquire;
1221 Laguna st. ;
* -.. _. ;CNNY rooms; rear 15 Oak Grove aye.,
-f: Harrison st.. r.ear Sixth.
5;-- NI'"E dry lower flat: 4 ms; newly!
painted. 1117 Broadway, nr. Leavenworth. |
t-._I.OWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl ;
st . off Market, near Valencia.
JE — SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place, J ;
off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts. j
113 50—2t7A SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat 5 sunny j
ro.-rr..-: bnth. iras. yard. j
f;;— UPPER sunny flat, 5 rooms. 421 Eleventh ',
___^ — — — — —
FLATS TO LET — Fnrninheil.
DROVE, 'I s .. bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun- j
nj- furnished or unfurnished flat. 6 rooms, 1
piano, garden, stable if desired; references.
E.ROVE. SIS. bet. Webster and Fillmore- Sun- I •
• ny furnished or unfurnifched flat. G rooms. - '
piano, garden, etable IC desired; references !
exchanged. _____________________________________ I
11 HAITI lU. FOB SALE. j -
HOUSE of 10 room-, and largo grounds: hand- i
Bomeiv fur- 1 ., lied: at present occupied bj a ;
family desirous of Kiving up housekeeping;
effers'furniture for. sale very reasonable: rent ,
moderate; excellent opportunity for family
locking for complete home. Box 956, Call. j
THE furniture of 17 ro"tns for sale cheap; must |
be sold this week. 15 Polk sl, I
TAPESTRY Bru.selr carpets, laid and lined. j
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 rant... Kin;. Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. ,
HELP WASTED — Uenli. j.
AGENTS— We are still increasing our sales of j
saloon I articles ; "they must have it" . quick:
returns; big profits. 1112 Monadnock. Chicago. .
AOKNTS- OaFoline gas lamps 'or hot weather; :
f. to $5 profit to agents. Brilliant ("las Lamp j
Co.; 4. Clark St.. Chicago. !
vCrINTS— Bie money selling Dewey's History;
new agent cleared $64 first 3 days: outfit free. ;
J. E. SHEPARD. E. 116 th at.. New York. Bgj
AGENTS— Latest European novelty out; sum- 1
rles 10c. Empire Novelty Co., 512 Market st. *
AGENTS wantM; good sellers. Call 10 to 1, 1
room 350 Phelan lids. MRS. BUTLER.
SELL' Maelc Heel Protectors, sample lOc : also
Leather Luster, same. 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush. |
AGENTS wanted everywhere; article sells ln , .
every house; $5 per day. 457 Ninth, Oakland, i .
LIVE agents wanted to sell the map of Ire- |
land. 552.i Harrison st.
MEN and women, sooi address, to travel and !
appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses; I
rapid advancement; usually brilliant oppor- ]
uinity. Address, with reference. BUTLER & i "
ALGER, New Haven, Conn. l
HELP ANTED — Female.
FIRST-CLASS cook, countrj', $30 to '"■ per
month. MISS D. CULLEN. 327 Putter st. ' -
WOMAN with a child. $15 per month. MISS ]
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. $25 per month; countrj'. MISS '
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl to assist in kitchen, country, $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. I .
! AY \ITRESSSES and chambermaids, same ho-
tel San Mateo, $20 each; La Honda, $20. |
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Livermore, $25: Raymond.
$20 fare paid; Cordelia, $16; lakeland, $20 per 1
month. 2 in family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut- :
' ter st. ' .
HOUSEWORK. Colusa County. $20. fan. paid.
MISS LLEN. 225 Sutter st.
WANTED—German cook for family of 3 In
city, $30; -cook, aiso second girl, same house,
''"/ and' $20; cook for dairy hands $25; 15
girls for housework. $20 and $25: 2 French
and German cooks. 525; 2 French nurses, $2.
and $25; German second girl, $20; 3 wait-
waitress, country hotel. $20. Apply Monday 1
morning to J. F. "CROSETT ._ CO., 11l Sutter I
WANTED- Oerman cook for _ in family, coun |
try, $30: girl for 4 in family, general house- |
work; Oakland. $25, see lady Monday fore- j
n-jon:' starch Ironers, $25 and "■' . country:
Oerman second girl. 1 Oakland, $2 '; 3 wait-
resses, country hotels. 520: chambermaid and
waitress, country hotel. $20. Apply Monday
morning to J..F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & OO.TbT.PIIONE GRANT 1-7
8 waitresses for springs and resorts: 15 wait-
resse.- for i!;e best commercial hotels in
country; 21 waitresses, best city hotels. $20;
3 chambemaid* t -■ wait. $20: chambermaid,
$20; 3 women cooks, $25 and $30; cook, Paclflc '
Orove. $30, fare one v.-ay.
FAMILY ORDERS
h&usegirl. Capitola, $25. free fare, choice'
I. lace; cook, country. $25; second girl. city.
$2't; 25 xhls for cooking and general house-
-work, $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO . 104 Geary st. ;
GIRLS you have lost the chance of securing
several good situations Saturday t*y not call- j
in* at the NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
7;i Market st.: we have some good ones for
Mondaj' morning; don't fair to .0 us.
WANTED— GirIs for city and country at good
wages in first-class families. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
WANTED— A respectable middle-aged woman.'
Catholic preferre.i for keeper in family
of 4 In the country; no children. See party j
at Cosmopolitan Hotel, room 3, Monday.
WANTED— 2 apprentice girls for factory. MAS-
KEY'S, 32 Kearny st. " 1
ELDERLY woman wanted to help with cook- '
Ing. Apply Girls' Directory, Central aye. I .
and Waller st. | -
A HOME in return for light services; no chil- ! .
dren wanted; small place. Address One, box I
'M 2. Call offlce. j
WANTED— Co-workers, either sex. everywhere; 1 1
nicest home work ever offered; $12 per week
salary; lit. and explanations, 2c. Address The ' •
Nor.-Medlclne Cure Club, lock box 802, Los '
Angeles, Cal. J
HELI' WANTED — Female.
! GIRL to assist in housework; small family.
j 14138 Mason at. .
j AN li'!,' • ' l'il between 9 and 12 years for a
j - panlon; wages $5 per month, ("all 2125
j Buena Vista aye.. Alameda.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
i work In LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32,*. Fremont st.
I WOMAN or girl to assist housework; no cook-
ing; $10 per month. 331 Bay st.
! WANTED Young girl to take care of baby;
small wages: good home. 106' i Langton st.
• WANTED— A nursegirl. 1022 Green st.
MACHINE operators on men's shoes; both dry
and wax thread. WENTWORTH SHOE CO., .
■ 119 Pine st.
I COUNTRY girl to help with housework .'md
; children. Address 739 Shrader st |
! STRONG willing girl to do peneral housework |
and rooking; small family: $20. SOS Cole st.
i THE McDOWELL Is the oldest - making :
j echooi on the const. Your pportunitj- to ..et
1 useful education reasonable; evening clas*; |
1 pattern cut 25c up. Th* McDowell, 103 Post, j
I GIRL to mind baby; sleep home. Call 9 to 12. j
1321 Broadway. i
EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers In
factory or home. XEWBAUER BROS., 18 >
First st.
WANTED More operators on shirts. Call 412
Market st. /
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking; one who
can sew preferred. MRS M. G. ALLEN, 776
O'Farrell st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at i
376 San Jose aye.
: ■
i fe
i WANTED immediately -Experienced labelers.
Apply 425 Brannan St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
I APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd.. Brannan St., between Third and
Fourth.
'. EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im- j
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
: OPERATORS on underskirts, children's wear,
Infants' hats. caps. also tuckers: steady-
work: good wages. BAUER BROS. & CO., i
; 21 Sansome st. _ j
' WANTED— Experienced hand on ladles' silk j
and woolen waists factory work; power. S.
S. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk St.
WANTED—A German cook In restaurant; no!
other need apply. 118 -.Turk st-lg
EXPERIENCED finlshera on coats: also ap- j
prentice a., after 9 a. m.. 354 Geary st.
HELP WANTED — Male.
yfy. IN FAN FRANCISCO i
20 labor-rs ?2, $1 7.7 day. $30, $26 and found
9 laborers.. sl 75 day. board selves home
6 teamsters $26 and found. $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY A- READY". 634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER thrashing outfit. $4 day and found, j
MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
~ ..f.f. f. f f 7.. . BIG MONEY
GOLD MINES SILVER MINKS 1
QUARTZ MINKS QUARRIES
COAL MINES COPPER MINKS !
39 miners $3 and $- 50 day j
176 laborers (no experience required), any one
will suit— you will, wages $60, $57, $50, $45, $40,
$30 an-, lUnd, $2 50 and $2 day
22 laborers tno experience) for a quarry,
steady jobs all the above are. year round. j
$42 and found, fares from $1 20 • |
MURRAY ft READY.
634 an. 636 Clay st
....27 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
We pay your fare We ray your fare
You will suit No experience required •
134 laborers $26. to $40 and found j
Setters, sawmill, spool tenders, head donkey
men, blacksmiths, crosscut sawyers, shingle
bolt makers, screw turners, bark peelers.
mill bench hands, jackscrewers, log fixers,
etc.. and 61 other classes of help. '.77 $70, $60, |
$50. $40. $35, $30 and found; .-.me and see us: j
manager of one \>\s mill at our office, see ,
him j
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st. i
FREE T0... ."GREAT RAILROADS .FREE
Free to every railroad In California for drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, header and hammer-
men WAGES $3 DAY
MURRAY & READY, 624-636 Clay st. |
f.f~ff~.. ........ B wages' i
$60 2i» laborers, fare 30c $60
$45 and found 32 laborers, north |
$45 and found !
<-. 14 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $62 j
$35 and found 6 teamsters, ire $1 40 \
$35 and found :
$3 day 19 drillers Free fare $3 day 1
$2 50 to $1 50 day and found.. Harvest Help.. ■
$2 50 to $1 50 day ■
$15, $30, $26 and found Paid i
$35. $30, $26 and found
For 97 farm, orchard, vineyard and dairy j
help •_••• i
COME .. .............MCRRAY & READY.
AND SEE 634 ''■■- Clay st._
fffry RPENTEpTi AN!' BLACKSMITHS
9 carpenters, city and country Jobs j
$3 and $2 .70 day
3 bridge carpenters for sawmill.. l4l and found 1
9 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, camps, saw-
mil - etc . $2 50, $2 day, $45, $30 and found j
BUTCHERS-STABLEMEN !
5 butchers, good country Jobs.. s3s. $30 and fd j
4 stable men and bugsy washers,s3o and found I
..CHOREMEN AN!' BOYS. HAY BALERS..
11 ■ h ireme and boys for ranches. $30. $2*l. |
$2.". $20, $15 and $10 and found; gardener and I
$3 50 DAYbb.'.b.i.AY BALER .'...'53 50 DAY
We ... help or Oregon. Washington, Ari- :
zona. Hawaiian Islands British Columbia.... j
2.4 men. wages $65, $4. $3 day !
Also cabinetmakers, fruit pi. -Kers ;,'••••; j
Woodchoppers, tie makers, street railroad I
help help for manufacturing companies in
California MURRAY ft READY,
634 anil 030 Clay st. !
~~~ FOR 7 A? BANKING SYNDICATE j
27 men to help finish hay work, ln packing,
fpving houses, later on pick peaches, prunes. |
grapes an.l make yourself otherwise useful,
no experience, wages $26 and found; no Sun-
day work \i'.ii. 1*
Fare $I. .MURRAY ft READY. 634-6-- Clay st. ,
COOKS f 777.?- WAITERS C. DISHWASHERS
12 cooks good jobs. $50, $45, $40. $30 and $2.
and found: 9 waiters, good jobs. $30. $2o and ,
$20 an.l . found ,-•• ••• • 1
14 dishwashers ..$l5. $30. $25 and $20 and found j
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERsTbr:.b7b7rrbb.b.b.T.IuNDRYMEN j
BUTTER MAKERS !
4 seconds, 2 first, third hands, .all early; 3
laundrymeh, 3 helpers. $35. $25 and $*-. and
found; 4 butter makers and run separators.
$30 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. I
MEN— Some of the places we had Saturday are
taken but we still have a good batch on hand ,
for' Monday morning: come, laborers miners. ;
t»nm.t"...' waiters, etc. THE NEW EM-J
PLOYMENT OFFICE, 75! Market St.; tele- I
phone Elack 31*11. i
HEADlwalter.lS4S;l3ldl-hwaBh£rs, «o : second
cook. $45; country hotels. HOTEL GAZE. I !-.,
26 Montgomery Ft., room 12. ,
DRUO, clerk wanted. Inquire at 74 Jackson ;
fitreet. I
YOUNO man for clpar store; references. Box
945. ("all office.
WANTED -A man with thorough retail "*'
perience in ladles' underwear, hosiery, cor- [
I sets, gloves and velinir to take charge of de-
I partment. WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.. j
Market and Taylor Bts.
j WANTED— A young man with experience in I
I domestic department. Apply WEINSTOCK
I. CHIN & CO., Market and Taylor sts.
WANTED- At once, an errand boy at 9 Eddy
street. ]
WANTED- Faithful persons to travel; salary
straight: no more, no less; $7*o and expenses:
references. Inclose elf -addressed stamped
envelope. A. .' MUNSON, Secretary, Caxton
building. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman -Man of ability who
has or ls now selling advertising specialties:
state where traveled; with rlstht man we will
make liberal contract. Address in confidence,
KERN CO.. Chicago, 111. ______________
LEARN to 1...... by mail for newspapers, mag-
azines, books: highly profitable; practical In
struct! by successful newspaper artists;
J catalogue free. Correspondence School of II-
I lustrating, 114 W 34th st., New York.
AGENTS $100 weekly; expenses guaranteed;
pood man as general agent and handle sub-
agents for sale of Arctic Refrigerating Ma-
chines and Arctic Compound for cooling re-
frigerators: guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper
than ice; Indestructible, everlasting; over 5000
In use: will pay $500 for any machine any
place in the United States of our make that ■
will not do as guaranteed: beware 01 worthies
imitations. For full particulars and a.Renc\-,
address Arctic Refrigerating Co. , Cincinnati. O.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D, C.
WANTED— Two good men. Apply at 22 Post
St. from I'M p. m. to 8:30 p. m., July 24.
PRESS boy wanted ln canning factory. 434
Jackson st.
QUlCK— Paperhanger to-day; wages $2 per
day. 126 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A bushelman at E. MESSAGER'S I
Cloak Store, 145 Poet st
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1809.
HELP WANTED — Male.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE '"AST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER PAY
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
50 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR A GOLD MINE.
' 6 MINERS. $3 a .lay: 15 able-bodied men for
laboring work In and around a mine, $2 50 a
day, no experience squired
Bee boss here 10 a. m Monday
'-. II HANSEN & CO . 104 Geary st
=
1 COMPANY WORK
j FREE FARE FREE FARE
I $30 pick and shovel laborers, >1 75 a day,
! beard $4 50 a week.
C... R. HANSEN & CO
; 104 Geary st
I KITCHEN crew for country hotel, chef $75.
second cook $50, tblrd cook $30. vegetableman !
$20; meat and pastry cook, country hotel $C 0;
French second 'ok, $60; head and second
cooks fcr a steamboat, $70 and $33; 3 waiters,
country hotels and restaurants, $25 and $80;
waiter for springs, $22 50: bell . boy. summer
resort, $15; 6 Ironers, different country laun- !
dries. $30 and $35; washer and Btarcher, $27;
pi Usher $30: washer, plain hotel laundrj-, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary sL |
CAMP cook for » railroad camp. $50 to $60 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO." 104 Geary.
BLACKSMITH; $40 and board; -smith !
helper, $35 and board: 2 cabinetmakers. $- 25
a day; 2 bench hands, planing mill. $-' 23 a
• day; 4 farmers. $35 and found, fare $1; 20 la-
borers for a quarry, $1 SO .1 day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Blacksmith for mine. Burleigh
drills. $3 day. see boss here early Monday
mornine; 6 house carpenters, $7 day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 02S Sacramento st.
RETAIL salesman familiar with grocery or
crockery business: give experience, references
and wages expected. Box .13. Call office.
SOLICITOR for printing office to-morrow at
420 Montg 'merj- St., room 33.
MIDDLE-AGED carpenter for lobbing work.
Address, stating wages, box _________ office
GOOD custom coatmaker. Call Sunday be-
tween 10 an.i 12. 541 Market sl _
WANTED -Errand boy and elevator boy over
IS. Address box .64. Call offlce.
WANTED A young man to wait at table and
make a few 'beds. Apply 739 Fourth; st. jg
WANTED-irWheelers and setters at brickyard, I
South San Francisco. San Mateo County,
EXPERIENCED bartender in family liquor i
store; state reference. 235 Third st. -y
BRICHT boy wanted to carry a newspaper
route an.l to make himself generally useful.
Address, stating name, address. age and
wages expected, to Newspaper, Box 52, Call.
WANTED- Handy man at 30 Hannah St., Oak-
land. MRS TANNER, P. St. station. |
GOOD marker. Oakland Laundry Co . Twenty- ,
ninth and Grove sts.. Oakland.
WANTED— Two good tinsmiths to work on
pieced tinware. Apply to C. F. EMERSON, 1
521 Howard st. ■ |
HOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third street.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples !
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Pal.
WANTED — First-class carpenters, plumbers
anil painters, to do work; part cash, balance to ,
apply on lot, THE MCCARTHY CO., 846;
MarKet street :
500 MEN— Call to-day: get a pair of shoes, some j
nearlj- new, from SOc to $1 50; new shoes. .
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St., '
bet. Ist and 2d sts.: open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
■WANTED— Man to milk and work about milk
ranch. JAMES KENNY, Silver aye., nr. I
San Bruno road. !
COMPETENT Bhoefltters wanted: steady em- |
ploj-ment, Seattle, Washington. Call Tues-
day morning. 106 Battery street, •
WANTED— Steady man to assist In light work;
must be satisfied with $16 per week and have
$75 cash. 1032 Market St.. room 4.
BARBER shop for sale: 3 living rooms; good ■
laundry office; rent $15. 2144 Mission st. |
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take :
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG man for nice corner grocery;, must 1
have some experience! Box 1506. Call office, i
WANTED— Teamsters td drive scrapers: wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply E.
I. STONE'S ramp, near San Pablo Station.
on Valley Road. j
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach- j
inn the tonsorial art; call or write for free I
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st . nr. Kearny.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to J
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st.
TRY our 15c meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis- j
ter st.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta- i
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO Apply at Truckee. |
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large .
rooms; ?5c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship flprpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504. 506 Dai st.
THREE. Al hustlers to canvass, salary and
commission. 300 Post st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving in students' department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tei Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordlnarj- seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 16c and 25c :
per night. Lindell. f.th and Howard; read. rm. j
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE ISSVj Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor- ;
nays. Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1 ;
to $2 70 week. Elcho House, 63V4 Market st.
TRY Acme House. .57 Market st., below Sixth, ;
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. ;
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- |
ket: 700 room-:. 27: night: reading room: free
'bus and .-vice to and from th*» ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale j
ALWAYS on hand; well broken ad. business
nnd work horses Chase & Mendenhall. sue- |
cessors Killip * Co.. salesyard, 1732 Market.
WANTED— Two handsome single buggy horses;
young, strong and active. Box 922, Call.
40 HOUSES for sale: also wagons, buftples.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— Carload large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY carriage, addle and road horses. DAL
7.IKL. veterinary dentist. 6"5 Golden Hate
IIOl ; SES— -LODGING For Sale.
12 ROOM house; large yard: downtown $400
IS rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 $1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp Fifth.
1400^-10-ROOM house on Taylor St.: $200 cash.
~ balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms: all
rented; bargain; easy payments. DECKER,
1020- Market st
.( ROOM house (corner) for sab- at a bargain;
see it DECKER. 1020 Market St.
r -a WINSTON T& CO.. 1026 MARKET ST
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, near Sutter and Post sts $550
" IS rooms, rent $65, near Orpheum 950
311 rooms, rent Ji"'. line paying house 13.70
40 rooms, modern, cheap rent 1800
MONEY TO LOAN AT TWO PER CENT.
$2700— 30-ROOM house; first class; best location;
'will trade for ranch; house full always.
AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
I'WINC rooming-house, centrally lo-
cated for sale or. exchange for private resi-
dence. Box 483*. ''a" offlce.
1 [ST cf bouses from 10 to 100 rooms; $200 buys
newly furnished flat; houses bought, sold and
exchanged. EITEL. l-08.fi Market st.
GREAT sacrifice. $325: lodging house on Third
st 18 rooms, rent $40. Apply to E. ROBI-
NET. 411 California St., upstairs.
IN— Corner house; good transient; 34
rms • newly furn. ; electric lights; sell or ex-
change for smaller: no agents. Box 698. Call,
$750— HOUSE. 17 rms.. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt., all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY, 437 Parrott bdg.
FOR sale— The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, -60 rooms, situated In the cente--
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51.
Tracy. Cal. '
A GOOD lodging house of 19 large rooms; well
lighted; for rent cheap. 154 Tehama at.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of - rooms, bath; newly papered and
palmed: rent $30 1717 Laguna st.
PACIFIC Heights— House of 1" rooms, bath.
storeroom, cellar, etc.; rent $50 to good ten-
ant. 2528 Washington st.
SPLENDID house; tine condition; 7 rooms; low
" rent. 3386 Twentj'-first St.; key next door.
TO let—' good houses, 8 rooms each and bath;
located" 4164. 416S Seventeenth st., w.thln a
block of Castro st.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition: 33.6
Twentj'-first St., near Guerrero: 7 rooms;
rent very reasonable; see It. E. G. DENNIS-
TON. 3454 Twenty-first st.
- $18 7-ROOM house, "2 Treat aye., near Twen-
i -second PC .
HOUSES TO LET — Fnrnlsheil.
' NICELY furnished "cottage" of T rooms! bath;
cottage rent $16; furniture and carpets for
sale. 1469 O'Farrell st. Apply 10-5.
i HOUSE to let; also the elegant furniture for
. «ale (just Imported from Europe) of 9 rooms;
must he seen to be appreciated: must be Id;
2<-_ Washington St.. near Devisadero; can be
. •■ seen only from 10 to 2. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.". 14 Montgomery st.
| HOUSES WANTED.
' , HOUSE of S or more rooms, furnished or un- ;
: furnished, suitable for physician's office and
- residence. Address DR. A. S I!.. 1338 Hayes.
• "lost AND IML
LOST— Large gold-bound spectacles, between
Sutter st. and Crant aye. or Kearny to Wash-
-1 ington and Powell; $■=. reward. Return same '
to 933 Washington St., cornerjPowelL
' ' LOST— White fox terrier; light brown patches
' over eves an ears; collar and tag 9.. Re-
-1 , ward at 764 Off Farrell st. ______
■ lo^T— 2 black wood pieces (patterns'); give'
notice. Reward at ; '.7--7 , Sanchez st. |
' LOST Fox Terrier bitch. Return 1312 A Fil-
bert; receive reward. Black head, spot on
■ | back. .
Li IST On S Howard f St.. near Fifth. 1 3-stone
' diamond pin attached to purple chiffon collar.
; ; Return to 1200 Market st. and receive reward.
- LOST— Last 6. Tuesday evening, large dp*. 8
months old: yellow brown color with -lack
stripes; name on the collar Ricks. Re.urn to
013 Kearny St.. and receive liberal reward. j
i LOST— July 16. brown setter, white forefeet. j
Liberal reward at '-"'"■ Dag""" s'. :
. | ~ M ITRIMOXI tL.
- ' \— MARRIAGE bureau: estr.b. IRS7; conflden- j
1! " ;|-.; ; list 10c. MRS. '17 '-'■' _7i"i Ellis st.
• MINING AND ASSAYING, f
I WANTED— Party with $1000 to $1500 to invest
' in fourth Interest In mineral lands of great
'. prospective value. Address box '.'S3, Call. ,
' MISt: EI IAM <>l — For Sale.
i ! BOILERS engines, 11-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont at. j
- I PARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors. ',
! bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission St. I
- BOILERS engines, lathes and planers for ;
Iron; wood planers, 12 in. and 24 in., hydrau- i
lie pump; 2d. J BURKE. 139 Beale st.
ELEGANTLY equipped gasoline launch, small ,
marine engine (new) and portable pumping
plant; cheap. Address Launch, box 3004, ail
offlce, Oakland. ____
' BOILERS and engines, second hand, also wine
J making mach^y. " Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson St.
COCKER spaniel pups for sale. Box 958, Call.
• 2 BABY carriages, $3 and $*; fine condition.
i IOCOVa Hyde st.
) ~fff~fff~~ ~~
SARATOGA trunk. Apply at 1216 Polk st.
JULIAN a\( 192, corner Sixteenth— Lalging-
j houee. 11 rooms; all occupied; $175; rent $16.
FOX terrier pups for sale. 662 Stevenson at.
: i FOR~sale— Wheelock upright piano; cheap for ,
' ! cash. 809 Peraita st., Oakland.
' I THOROUGHBRED Scotch collie pups, pedl-
] I ar, -c given. 526 Liberty st., near Castro.
FOR sale— Fine talking parrot. P'2o'- Wash-
! ington st. j
- for sale— Second-hand Cleveland bicycle. 329
Golden Gate aye. j
1 BARBER shop fixtures for sale; cheap. Call
at 52 Eighth et. j
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- '
ters, ' linoleum, office furniture, store and of- i
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second- I
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017--019-1021-1023 Mis- j
sion St.. above Sixth.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought. sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission. j
! FOR SALE— Fancy stcrfe fixtures, glass cases,
counters, etc. 1161 Valencia st., near 23d.
' • WEBER piano, good condition, $125. 230 Post
j street.
FOR SALE A'l fresh cow. 20 Bonlta St.. oft
Polk, between Vallejo and Green.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling nt less than cost. 513 Hearst building
FOR SALE Fine bred fox terrier pups cheap. ,
215% Tehama st.. upstairs. j
! WANTED A marble or slats bed 4x3 for pool j
table. Box 1505. Call. j
j BUTCHER Ehop for sale; good location; good j
I ! trade. Apply Call office. j
I FOR sale s-. Bernard dog, 14 months old;
cheap. Inquire at 797 Mission st.
i NATIONAL ''ash Registers: 1 nickel plated
* and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
■ GASOLINE englnes-1 h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $1-5, :! '
h p. $170. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 .V.sslon.
I DRESS pants. $2 95; flnesuits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth- I
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s. 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine, j
SAFES- Bargains in new and second-hand, all ;
F l_.« ; half orl-Tlnal st 109-111 Mark. S. F.
"-J , " S _. ULLA>KOUS^ iVT^
.
LIGHT farm wagon, one buggy, work harness, j
double shotgun, rifle, cookstove, furniture.
carpenter's tools: good and cheap. Address
for particulars C C. FOX, 1208 Page st. j
; WANTED coins and stamps. F. J. j
HOLTHAUS. 565 Fourth st. j
WANTED to buy— 2-story building with out- i
ground 75x20. Inquire at 430 Sixth st I
WANTED— A pork sausage or delicatessen
store. Address Call branch officp. 1941 Mission.
WANTED hire 100 first- lass scraper team.,
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B I
STONE. Elmhurst.
1 I MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases- all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
1 case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital ,
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5: no Instru- I
• ■ ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money- I
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy j
st Let Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12. '2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment j
only. • j
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
I ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed |
at any time when others have failed; travel- j
' ers helped instantly and can return home the
Fame da\ ; no instruments used: cure at offlce.
'■ $7. home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
) where. MRP. DR. WYETH, 942 Post gt., bet.
' Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 .to 5 and 7 to 8
I p m.: Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL Indies— C only— Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and gui cure guar- '
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace j
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure reliei'. |
1 though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free ;confl-
' lav: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st.;
fills. $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
i ! cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
• cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
_ anteed cure at office. $.7; travelers helped in-
) stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MPS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, . to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own phjslcian; no
matter how" long standing: travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $.".; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 3* years.
I DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
PR WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
[ Cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
1 ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cat.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment, $5. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
MEDICAL.
A-^pT'Ti^-w^iymN^ wt9rt(r-lr*hdw"fse<f
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
-1 ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure, consult him flrst. save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free: call or write. 10237- Market st.
LADIES! - Chichester's Fngllsh Pennyroynl
I -,-;. are tbe est: safe, reliable; take no
other: send *<• stamps for partic lars. "Relief
for '..-dies in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
A- DR AND MRS. SUVA. _-5-_ Mason st.--
Private home in confinement: ladies friend
In trouble; terms revs.: call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills: safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
DR and Mrs Wise. 111-- Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
MRS ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG *IM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
, ._,.._ nf the human body. 11." Mason *:.
HONEY TO LOAN,
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above .
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at IVi per cent on real estate. 3d .
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8. *
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644. ■_
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 13 1 veil st.
ON City and country property, chattel mort-
gages estates, rents, etc. A. M. SPECK & ,
CO . 667 Market st.
$50 TO one quickly securing loan $700 on 280 •
acres patent*! land. Pox 1 "3. '"all ■
CASH loans to salaried i.e. pie on note with-
out endorser. MORRELL 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Mon.-y j (
loaned on diamonds Jewelry and clothing^ 1
REAL estate 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels.
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no 1
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes ,
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg. ,
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. '-''' Market. .
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S2SOO on gilt edge security. Box
4643 Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AsPwe^are selling good upright pianos for $6 '
cash and $« per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash;, bargains >
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month, SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinwav dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter >
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ]
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
' west of Chicago ls KOHLER & CHASE'S
J« 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and 1
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the 1
customer.
SPLENDID piano, well made, reliable, fine ■ ,
tone $177. money back If unsatisfactory. J. |
DEWING CO.. 2d floor, Flood building.
FINE Arlon piano, full, rich tone, from stor-
age warerooms, sacrificed this week for 190.
Room 21. Flood building, 4th and Market sts. .
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard .
makes; second-hand. $!"" up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St. ! «
WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address I
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
WEBER piano, good condition, $125. 230 Post
street. . '
OUR specialty— Best renting stock In San Fran-
cisco. Bcott-Curta- Piano Co., 560 Hayes St.
VERY flne Weber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1.10 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank. I
A— s3s- UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also j
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st. j
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Pros.' plenos. 216 McAllister st. .
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up, |
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other ptanos. 308
Post st. I .
v, . ; BADGER 415 Sacramento St., agent for j
Francis Paeon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
. —
KNABI pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH- I
i.ER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st. '
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MCI. I.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AM) STORES — To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St. (
$60—105 Taylor st.
$5C— 455 Valencia St.. corner Sixteenth.
136— 859 Mission St., near Fiftn.
$20—328 Montgomery avenue. .
$22 50— 836 Howard St.. near Fifth. <
$17-276 First St. t
$20—354 Fourth st. -r ,
$25- 1119 Harrison St.. corner Langton^ ,
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG., 927 Market St. 1
* ifflcea $12 50 to $20.
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON A- GARDINER. Room 210.
GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth st, 4 living .rooms,
stable: 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY, 4"7 Parrott building.
$17 STORE; use of fixtures: good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
STORE, 4 rooms. 2916 Mission St.; key up-
stairs. ' .'.■-...
STORE for tailor or barber shop; flne location.
■-» Taylor st. ;
SEVENTH, 48. opposite Postoffice— Store, oc- 1
cupied as a saloon for 15 years, $18. !
TO let— Corner store, completely furnished for
grocerj' and barroom; rent $30. Scott and ' ,
Sutter »'* __________-_—. ________ i
■ 1
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger- !
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes; ; 1
office hours. Ito 8 p. m. : reading by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED. _
PARTNER wanted in valuable Invention, with
small capital Address box 961, Call office. .
FLORIST with first-class old-established busi- j .
ness would like to sell half Interest; male or *
female. Address box 12. Call office.
PERSONALS.
A GENTLEMAN desiring to marry would like
to put himself In communication with a relia-
ble matrimonial agency. Add, bos 713. Call.
LADY 47. wishes to meet refined gentleman;
"object assistance and matrimony. Box 1727,
Call.
GENTLEMAN of wealth and kindness desires ;
a' wife who would appreciate kindness and •
generosity. "Mr. LOYAL," 3120 Forest aye.,
Chicago, 11l- _ .
TO the Jewish community— Rev. S. Goldstein,
practical mohel, has returned, arid resides at
726 Fulton st.: your trade solicited.
11. ii BUTTERMILK TO THE LADIES.
FRESH BUTTER MADE DAILY ;
ON PREMISES. SWEET BUTTER.
EGGS RECEIVED DAILY FROM
THE COUNTRY. |
A FECI. LINE OF IMPORTED
AND DOMESTIC CHEESE ,
AT THE MODEL CREAMERY,
1089 MARKET ST.
JULIUS JORGENS, Prop.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA. Just the tonic the
hair needs to strengthen it; 35c bot; Lederer's .
Foamo Shampoo, »c package. 123 Stockton st. _
LEDERER dresses the hair in the most artis-
tic manner for ffic; this week has a sale of -
beautiful combe anil hair ornaments, prices _
half: switches $1. 123 Stockton st.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. i
EGYPTIAN enamel creates a marvelous com- -
plexion: 60c MRS. BUTLER. Chelan bldg.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate ]
health. MRS. DR. FUNKS. 1416 Bth, Alameda.
T. BRILLIANT, 333-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELS" Dog Hospital. 109 Elm- aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye. ;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644 j -
Market st., under St. Nicholas Hotel. -
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark 1
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty. I
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. ] i
' PERSONALS.
.VAXTl^nv-Board for man an.l wife, not to
exceed $45 per month. Box 936, Call.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 -Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $130 to $0 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI, 313 Sutter st.
I HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness:
can be given secretly; will gladly tell you
; what It is; don't send money . MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock bex F. X. 131. Grand Rap-
ids. Mich.
FAT is fatal to beauty and health: we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, sllk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
j fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
I LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
LADIES The Equipoise waist has no equal;
Y'psilantl underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion: guarantd Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Ivrny.
A— : lies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; teL Mint .97. JACOBS. 1027 Folsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. ISI4 Market St.: open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Rth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlce and residence,
102P4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSYCHOMETRY-
j HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrist;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSS. 626 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Noe and
; Hartford sis . just placed on market; offered
' cheap and very easy terms.
Retail business block; sixth st., near Mis-
sion; always rented; large lot; 2 frontages;
paying big interest on amount asked.
Golden Gate aye.. near Leavenworth St.; 3-
story building, store and flats; paying good In-
terest; only $11,00*).
Must be sold— Two flne flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, (65; only 17350; make offer.
$6500— Seventeenth st., near Capp; dwelling
and lot; 50x110.
15900 Corner Twenty-third and Noe sts.; 25:1-.
1 114: flats renting for $40.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:0.
$5250— Gough St., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath, laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 onlj- for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$3500— Guerrero st., near Twentieth; 25x10C;
two flats, renting for $25.
$oCOO— O'Farrell st., near Devlsader.; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$29.*-" Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; C rooms
and bath; 24.3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-third St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3250— Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon St.;
; store and rooms; 32:6x100.
! $3300— Chattanooga St.. near Twenty third; 2
1 flats; rents $18; lot 25x117.
$2500— Church St., near Twenty-eighth: stcre
and flat*; 25x100.
$1800 -Diamond St., near Nineteenth; 6 rooms
and bath; rents (12 50; lot 25x125.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20 000— Pacific ay.-., southwest corner Octavia
St.; 1127 .a
Corner on Halgbt and Octavia sts., 1 block j
of! Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur- 1
chase can remain at 6 per cent. .
Sutter st., near Buchanan; 26:3x87:6; $3935.
I $20i)0— California St.. near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
Eighteenth St.. corner Diamond: 27.-7.; $2250.
i $35i)0— Bryant St., near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750 — Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:5.
I $1600— Filbert st. . corner Buchanan; 25x90.
j $1750 — Union tt., near Webster; 27x100.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J at.; 25x120.
$800— Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 25x100.
1 $800 Jersey St.. near Noe; 25x114.
$800— Twentieth St., corner Douglass; 30x110.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
$.5000.
3 fine flats on Minna st.. near Eighth: rente-!
for $47 monthly; a good safe income property.
$2800.
4 flats of 4 rooms each in Mission; rents $32
per month; lot 23x100.
$2500.
2 good flats of 4 an.i 5 rooms, near Sixteenth
and Howard sts. ; a bargain.
■
Good residence of 7 rooms on Steiner St.. near !
O'Farrell; lot 22:6x137:6; offer wanted.
— . —
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
A rare chance; we offer for sale at a great
sacrifice 5 beautiful lots in the Pacific Heights
district: the lots are well located, near car line,
and command a splendid marine view; this is a
great opportunity to secure a flne lot at a cheap I
figure; don't miss it; send or call for plat with
prices.
$13,000.
Fine residence of 12*' rooms on Jackson St.. ;
near Fillmore; lot 37:6x127:8.
COLLEGE HEIGHTS.
Very flne lots, with view of the city, $800 to
$1100. '
MCAFEE BROS:. McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery St.
$9750— Scott st.. near Washington, facing!
Alt'* Park: 8 rooms. j
$750 Scott, near Union; fine bay view; 8;
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
$5300— Clay, near Webster; S rooms and bath: i
cost $7000; tins Is a bargain.
— Jackson st . near Devisadero. north j
side; -. rooms: modern and sunny.
$16,500 — Leavenworth, near California; 3
houses renting $135 per month: easy terms
$6000— New rlats, Frederick, near Clayton and
the irk; rents $50; easy terms.
$1500- Howard, near Eighteenth; 8 rooms and
bath; reduced from $5500; a bargain.
$3500— Flats; Hartford St., near Castro and
19th; 4 and a rooms and lath each. |
Cottage in warm belt of the Mission; .'.
rooms and bath and high basement; make an ■
offer.
Also numerous other residences, Investments I
and lots. HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
WHAT IF ...i CAN'T MEET JOUR PAY- I
MENTS, YOU ASK? .
Well, as to that you are better off with
me than with any landlord, for 1 allow j-ou j
6 months to catch up, if through sickness or
other misfortune you have fallen behind in 1
your payments. A landlord has no such In- |
terests he makes you pay In advance. $15 a -
month buys a 1-room and bath cottage, all
new and modern, and only" one block from
car-line. All street work done. These homes
are In a beautiful location Full particulars
... OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Port st.
$12 . month buys a new 4-rn.-.m and bath cot-
tage 1 block from Mission street. OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$1201 AN offer wanted; large lot 29x100 on
Point Lobos aye.. next to cor. First; cost
$1800; good for store and flats.
Choice level lot, 25x100 at Ingleside.
Address R.. box 114. Call offlce.
LOT on Buchanan st.. near Union, $100*.; cor-
ners $1200 and $1500: Plxley-st. lots. 1800;
Gree'nwlch-st. lots, $900; net spot cash for few
flays. THE McCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
6-ROOM new bouse, Buchanan St.. near Union, j
to be built: terms, $500 cash, balance $25 per:
mo. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
IE your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. j
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.— ;
Valencia St., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-
third; lots any size; double frontage.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.--
Fifth-st. corner: store and rooms; rents $140
per month: flne building; price $17,500.
SCOTT, -"'■'■-■ near Sacramento — Modern seven-
room house. J. H. CARSE, 11 Montgomery.
HERE IS A BARGAIN.
. __=___
$5R50— 2 flats. " and 5 rooms and bath: 27:6x105; i
must be sold: best section near the Park.
ALSO
$3730— Corner. 35 foot front; adjoining above;
all street work done.
COFFEY. HUGHES & CO., 19 Montgomery. j
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. 1
Valencla-st. lots: any size; $135 per front 1
foot: fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third St.. corner San Jose aye.. with 1
Improvements. $53^0.
Second and Silver sts.; corner, with Improve- j
ments. $6700. I
REAL ESTATE l«'Y — For Snle.
) ! G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
" $3§,000.
' Business corner on Gearj- st., short distance
' from Market; Improvements of little value;
'. rents $156 per month, lot 56x62:6.
• ■-' ' "/. ,'525,000.
Business corner, wholesale district: to close
an estate; old improvements and lot 30x75. with
an I. _Sx-9:S; only one block from Market st.
$15.!
Business corner en Howard St.: price great-
ly reduced: 4 flats and 2 stores; always rented;
' improvements only about 7 years old; cost $15, «
000; rents $ICSO per annum; 35x122:6.
. j $10,500.
Fine corner on Fillmore st : Improvements
i substantial In store an.l several flats; rent $900
per annum; 27:6x81:3.
$S2OO.-
Must be seen to be appreciated. We are In-
structed by the attorneys for the heirs In the
\ East to offer this property at this price; last
' court appraisement $11,600; 3 houses of 8. 7 and
7 rooms and bath each; rents $66 per month;
I 50:3x100.
$36,000.
Another bargain; price • greatly reduced; 2
■ ! substantial 3- story houses of 8 rooms and bath
; each; rents $720 pel annum: 37:6x71: a great
; ■ bargain; must be sot,, to. close an estate; could
• ■ be changed Into flats at small outlay.
1 $5000.
• ! A splendid Investment: very cheap; in the
Mission warm belt; rents $582 per annum; 6
j flats, 51:Rxll4; handy to several lines of street
cars.
: $3000.
ii Hayes street : a real bargain: rents $312 per
| annum; 3 flats and lot.
$5125.
Very cheap: Webster street; adjoining a cor-
I ncr: substantial Ifcstorj- and basement modern
j residence of 7 rooms and bath, etc., and lot.
$3750.
!j Pine st. bargain: very oozy bay-window cot-
-1 tag* of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
j etc. ; street accepted by the city, large lot.
$2500.
Cozy cottage of flve rooms, etc.: large lot
1 i 37:6x140; and 77:6x70: fronting on 2 streets;
I short distance from Mission st. cars.
$1300.
Very cheap: no reasonable oifer refused; a
' very cozy bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and
, I bath, etc.; near Castro and Mission street
• j car lines, Mission warm belt.
I $7200.
Paciflc Heights; grand marine view; Broad-
way: 34:4'ix13*:6; very choice.
j Call and obtain one of our -Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
! sale in all parts of the city.
j G. H. UMBSEN & CO .
i 14 Montgomery st.
j ON very easy terms; we are offering the lots
I at Waller and Steiner sts. of the German Bav-
i ings and Loan Society; street work done com-
I plete: lots all ready to build on: terms '« cash,
balance at 7 per cent: onlj- a few left.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
$1250 AND UPWARD.
Choice building lots: very cheap. 10 sold:
; Fourteenth, Nre and Henry sts.: 1 block from
Market St.; 25x115. 25x105; level; on grade and
ready for building: offered at very low prices
I and being so nicely located are selling rapidly.
G. H. UMBSEN i CO.,
14 Montgomery St.
$800 EACH AND UPWARD.
Installment lots: Richmond lots: Tenth aye..
C and D sts.; adjacent to the Park; 25x120:
$60 cash; $10 per month; interest at 7 per cent.
G. H. CM PS EN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN * CO..
. - \ 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
i; '' ! x46.!!- NE. cor. Post and Stockton; 80 on
! Post bj' 4.:8 on Stockton; properly improved
i will rent for $1500 per month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st. ;
! brick improvements; rents $190.
35x137:6— Hayes st., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
; rent $90; $13,500.
37:6x55— Mason st., near Post: 3-Story double
! houses: rents $57 50; $12,000.
57x137:6- Pine st., near Larkin: old improve-
ments: $10,500.
62:6x137:6— St., near Pine; 16-room
house; rent $50, $10,000.
50x80— Corner Mason and Lombard: 2-story
house; 2 flats and stable; rents 5.8. $10,000.
38:9x137:9— Union st., near Dupont; 2-story
brick building; rents $66 CO; $8500.
- l 68:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont;
' 3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $SOOO.
20x80— Fourth st.. near Harrison; store and
, flat; $6860; sale urgent.
61x117—6 modern flats; rents $110: sunny.
57:6x137:6— C0r. Jackson and Adele place, bet.
Stockton and Powell; old impts; $6500.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
- houses; rents $34: $6250.
112:6x37:6x57:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwich;
10 two-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
25x100— Paclflc aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
I rear house: rents $45. $5250.
45x93:6— Greenwich, near Powell; residence, 10
rooms; $6000.
22x68:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
24:3x69:9— Green st., neaj Powell: new mod-
. em bay-window flats; rents $38; $4600.
40x137:6— Chestnut st., near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $35; $4000.
25x122:6— Shotwell St.,' near 24th; 2 flats; $8800.
i 50x9** — Lombard St., near Stockton; house of
j 10 rooms and bath; $4000.
31x122:6-H"ward, nr. 19th: cottage; rents $16.
j 25x75— Shipley st., near 6th; 6 flats; rents $35.
22:6x120 — rear street; Union,- near Jones; 2
i flats; rents $24; $2500.
27x^1- Federal St., near Ist; front and rear
bouse; rents $26; $2250.
25x100— Lyon. near Gearj-; cottage: $2250.
23x60— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25.V.4— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
. UNIMPROVED.
25x100— Florida St., north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
25x1 l'V- Scott St.. near Washington; $3750.
24x83:1— Cor. Fillmore and Germania; $2750.
80x71,10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
26x105— Cor. 221 and Noe sts.: $2200.
37:4(4x137:6— Greenwich, near Polk: $2000.
31:6x100— Cor. Lombard and Buchanan; $1500.
Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:8x114 — 28th. near Dolores, $1000.
260x125 — NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6— 5. Frederick, west of Cole.
_• Bxll4— Twenty-seventh, near Church: $600.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
! 667 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE KEARNY.
RARE INVESTMENTS.
ivyi— Ellis-st. corner, near the Baldwin; 100
xl 07; If improved can lease for 10 years at
$1400 per month guaranteed lease.
j $40,000— Grand investment near Powell st. ;
rents $400 monthly; lot 60x130 feet.
$.s,ooo— Within 120 feet of Market and Stockton
sts.; flne 4-story building; leased; never offered
! for sale.
t $25.000— Best retail block west of Taylor st ;
49x135; 2 stores and 6 flats; fine building; rents
$2400.
$15,700— Leavenworth-st. corner; rents about
$1600; modern; lot 59 feet frontage.
| $15,000— 3 new flats, near Taylor and Bush sts. ;
; rents $142. a flne buy.
$8300— Modern Larkln-st. flats; downtown;
rents $60; will exchange part for residence.
$7300—5 modern flats, near Fourth and Market
sts.; lot 10 feet front: rents about $1000.
$?,500— 10-room residence; near Golden Gate
j aye ; lot 37:6x137:6
| $30*10— Mason-st. bargain; must sell; lot 35 feet
i frontage.
I Hank foreclosures. Large list mortgage fore-
closures.
! A M. SPECK & CO.,
' 667 Market st . opp. Kearny.
j TO BE HAD .- - "
for your rent money, '-..ttae* of 4 rooms and
bath, desirably situated on Hoffman aye.,
i near Twenty-second st.. In the Heyman
1 tract; the agent at our branch office on the
■ tract will be pleased to show it to you.
1 JACOB HEYMAN & SON, I' Montgomery st.
HEALTH RESORT of San Francisco.
' We are prepared to sell lots and build novel
cottages on easy terms, at the Ocean '.boule-
vard, Sunset Beach; we will also rent car*
to families or clubs; our lots are beautifully
located, one block from the cars and the
boulevard.- with a superb view of the ocean.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON., owners and
builders, 19 Montgomery st. y-'-y ■
A— $100; LOTS near music stand, south side of
Golden Gate Park.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery St.
A— s7s; LOTS 100x115. in the Abbey Homestead,
near San Mateo electric cars; good for
chicken ranches.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery^.
GRADED lots, ready for building: no further
expenses; all street work done; sewers in;
close to 3 lines cars: the choicest in Rich-
i mond: 2 lots. 25x120. Twelfth aye.. near Clem-
ent, only $630 cash, both go together: 3 lots,
i Tenth aye.. 25x120. near Point LobOS ye.. In
Installments, $700 each.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
' LOTS to buy as an Investment in Rich-
" mond; not graded; 36th aye.. 25x120. $150: 2 -v.x
aye.. 25x120. $123. W. J. GUNN, 410 Mont-
gomery rt. ___
$ FLATS: bring In $60 month: nearly new;
- $6000 .this side of Van Ness aye.; a fine in-
vestment for little money; never vacant. W.
J. OUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
S $ S-SOMI DESIRABLE PROPERTIES GO-
; * ING CHEAP— $ (
$1800 for 3 lots— Reduced: Stan jan at., near
Belgrave aye.; 25x122 each: superb view; level
walk to cars; a great snap, will subdivide.
$*> to $135— Sightly lots near race track: cars.
$il.,ii— Marine view corner: Lake and Twenty-
fourth aye; 30x100: carr't be beat.
• $2300 cost $3300— Mission corner lot and nice
j 5-room cottage; must be sold: snap. - -..-•■:: >■-.'
$5100— Make offer for spacious cottage of S
'■ rooms attic and basement; large lot: street ac-
i cented : part cash: near Sutter and Devisadero.
HE. POEHLMAN. Real Estate.
'I.'"' 503 California st.
j IF your property is mortgaged and you need
I more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market at.
1718
J__-__-t!«rOi^
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$.260 -Fine business corner on Seventeenth St.;
new corner building containing store and flat 01
6 rooms above; also new building containing 2
flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $74; all
rented. This property is a fine Investment.
$15,000— Business corner on O'Farrell st., close
to town; Improvements consist of 2-story build-
ing; contains store and Hat of 6 rooms and
bath; alto 2-story house on the cross street;
rent $90.
$3000— A great bargain; Fifteenth St.. bet.
Church and Market; 2-story frame building,
containing 2 flats .<!' 4 and 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x100; rent $31 50.
FORECLOSURE SALE-FINE MODERN
FLATS.
$i_oo— Oolden Gate aye., near Baker st.; splen-
did building; cost over $5000; everything up to
date; a great bargain.
A FORCED SALE.
$5600— Leaven wortn st.. bet. California and
Sacrament.*; 2 bay-window Ilats, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; rent $42 50.
$7250-rrCorner ur . Clay st., near Mason; 2-story
building; store and 20 roonis above; lot 2Sx7:.
under base; a great bargain.
$1700— Hartford St., near Eighteenth: cottage
of 4 lome, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125. ,_.-_.
$6500—1315 Mason St.. near Jackson; lot 3..X ;
137:6. with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and j
bath: aJso ear house of 6 rooms; stable for 6 |
horses. l
$550(HrJackson St., near Mason; 3 flats; also a
2-etor>' house of 10 rooms, lot has 46 feet front-
age, rents $52. , _
$7250— 2 line handsome new flats of 6 and * .
rooms and th; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $02 50; lot 25x1u0.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS'.
$1400— Another bargain; Fir* aye.. near Jack- j
son St.; large I it, 3ux120; fine elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
{1000— $50 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third |
aye., bet. California and Clement sts.; large |
lots;' splendid neighborhood; you can build when •
first pa} .-:.' lit is made.
$450 each— Very cheap. 3 lots on Douglass st.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; each 25x125.
$2000— be less: Howard St., bet. Twenty- |
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
P 51475— Only 3 left; Frederick st., bet Cole and
Shrader; sunny side of street; cheapest lots in
Panhandle distil block from park.
18000— Sacramento St.. bet. Laguna and Bu-
anan; 40x137.0; select neighborhood.
$4750— Fine corner, close to town; Page and ]
Laguna sts.; 3ix.7:(;; . . able for flats; all ;
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
___^ i "__-___-.
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES.
*10.75(;— Rent $9n: always rented; large lot,
40:px137:6; on Leavenworth St.; 2 fine -win-
dow houses; select neighborhood.
$1250— Chestnut st.. near Mason; .0.. story
house; also _ flats; lot -7x_, : 7:6.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut St.. near Twentieth: . flats
of 4 rooms and bath each; always rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
INVESTMENTS.
$4.1,000— 0n Sansome at., 3-story building, lot i
68:9x137:6.
$5.500— Pays 17 per cent per annum; 6 flats ln :
Al'conditlon; lot 50x75.
$3rt,ooo— O'Farrell st., 4 blocks from Market st., j
lot 55:6x137:6; -.st be sold, make offer. -
$1,750— Near Fourth and Market, 3 flaxs, 4
rooms each; rents $26.
$I.2oo— Dou ble frontage, 2 cottages: rents $10 60.
FLATS AND STORES.
$S, 2so— Flats and store on Buchanan st , 50- !
foot frontage.
$3,000— $28 - data, 6 and 5 rooms and
bath, on Fifteenth st.
$5,500 — Twenty-third St., near Howard, 3 new i
flat- rent $4S; ill rented.
$5,000— 2 modern Hats on McAllister St., 10 and .
6 rooms. 25x100. '
$10,000—3 modern Ilats of 6 rooms and bath In
Al condition, 25x106. ;
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$10,000— Jackson, near Buchanan, 10 rooms,
-• 737:6. '
$5.500— Twenty-first st., corner, modern, up-to-
date residence, 34x9*7.
$4,7s'V— California; near st -iner, 8 rooms and '
bath: no offer refused.
$3,loo— one-half block from Market St., near I
Noe. oottage 3 rooms, bath, basement, !
stable, etc.
$3,000- Foreclosure on Twenty-fourth St., resi-
dence, 7 rooms ami bath.
L< 'TS.
$3.loo— Fillmore St., near Page. 25x100.
$2,000— Baker, near Golden Gate aye.. 25x96:10.
$2, 000- Haight, near Park; unobstructed view;
good loc*-_on for flats, 25x100.
$650— Highland aye., near Mission st., cars.
25x100.
$350— DeHa.ro, near Twenty-fourth, 25x100; |
any kind of terms.
J. Montcalm St., near car line.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu- i
lars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63. Market street.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 4"3 Pine St.. oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$45,0 .., 0.. reduced from $5000-_-A 2-story house of 7
rooms and stable; Fulton St., only 3 blocks I
from City Hall; lot 27:6x137:6.
$20,000^-3 3-story houses 9 rooms each; lot COx I
85 feet; on Turk" St.. 2 1 -. blocks from City Hall.
$3850— Rent $45; Webster st.. near Washington; j
a line double Ilat. 6 rooms and bath each.
$31,000— An excellent corner in the best busi-
ness part of the city; paying 10 per cent.
$23,000— A very substantially built 3-story bay-
window house, on Larkin st., a few doors south
of Gearj-; 2 stores, with 3 rooms each, 22 rooms
and bath upstairs and 4 flats of 4 rooms each
ln house In the rear: lot 47:6x137:6; rent $ISB.
$5000-r-Rent $75: 3 houses on Harriet st., near I
Folsom; lot 7.0x75.
$24 "ach- 2 double flats of 9 rooms each, near '
the corner of Sixth and Bryant st-. ; rent $2.7 'a.
Several fine properties on McAllister st
j7su*i — A big bargain: nly 2 bio* from the
City Hall, en a coming business street, Inside
Van Ness aye.; good house, 10 rooms; lot 27:6 x
120.
jjn.niVi— Thr»e excellent 2-story bay-window
houses m Haight st." 3 blocks from Market;
lot 55x137:6; rent $75.
$25,000— Rent JH'*; a prominent northwest cor-
ner. 63x100 feet; improvements of 3 .res and 3
flats above ami 2 cottages, all rented; there Is
a fortune in this property.
SOL. GET/. & BROTHER-
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
—
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
OCT OUR PRICES AND LOCATIONS
AND YOU WILL SURELY BUY FROM US'.
$350 to $<e»— Choicest Sunset and Richmond lots,
ready to build on. $25 down. $10 monthly.
$150 to $31^0— Lots on the Ocean boulevard and j
Park, $10 down. $.. monthly.
$100— Level Ocean View lots, near electric
cars. $10 down, $5 monthly.
$10:/*— Splendid 4-rr.om and basement cottage,
close to Mission st. and cars; easy terms.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL. GETZ & BRO .
Room I, Crocker Building.
$2.700— 4705T $3300; •-. bargain; lot on Oak st.,
near Shrader, facing the irk; 23x137:6.
$2900— Store and lot^25xl00; Central „■>., near
Grove st.; offer wanted.
$2550— 5-room cottage. San Jose aye., pear
Thirtieth St.; cost $17700; must be sold.
JEW— Nice home *.n Arlington st., near Roa-
noke.
$1800— Cost $2500; a bargain; 5-room cottage en
Twenty-sixth St., near Noe; foreclosure sal".
•'•-"" Sixteenth aye., near D st. ; near new
music st.-md; owner wants to leave the State.
$250--Worth $400; money needed; Paris st. ,
near Persia: 25x1 ready for building.
Two peculiarly attractive hones near the
pari:; full Information at office.
McEWEN BROS.,
022 Stanyan, near Haight. 118 Montgomery.
$2000- CO RNER: Twenty-first and Chattanooga
sts.; 27x73. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery st.
$2750— A CHANCE for a speculator; 54 lots in
South San Francisco, -car electric line. W.
H. CRIM & '-'.. 118 Montgomery st.
$i:*ai) — TWENTY-FOURTH st . near Church;
house OI 8 rooms; 25x102. W. H. CRIM & CO..
. HS Montgomery st.
$37.00— TWENTIETH st., near Valencia; 6 rooms
and bath. 25x100. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118
Montgomery st.
$Kf.O— LOT: Twenty-second, nr. Alabama; street
• imlnlzed : 25x80.
$1000— Second aye., bet. Point Lobos and Clem-
ent: street sewered and macadamized; $400
mortgage.
jif/i Lot 25x100: Ocean View.
W. H. CRIM ft CO.. lis Montgomery st.
$4250—3 FLATS of 4. 4 and 5 rooms and bath:
" Collingwood St.. near 19th; 27:6x100. W. H.
CRIM & CO.. US Montgomery st.
A— $7850: CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view, front ard rear, cannot be ob-
structed: 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensive! v decorated: inlaid floors; mohogany,
cherry and oak mantels; plate glass windows;
„ v ' costly 6-llght gas fixtures; French
ranee beaters, conservatory, etc. Apply to
at r*cRT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shra-
der «ts.. from 12 to 4 p. m.; McAllister or
Hay e^ -st. cars. '" '''* "
j'rooo— A NEW modern B-room house; Fierce St.,
near Green: a good buy
»T->*;ft_2 modern 6 and 7 room flats.
ENGLISH & MORRISSEY. 630 Market st.
iv your property Is mortgaged and yon need j
more "money see H. MURPHY, 639 Market st.
-/,„ virw house: brick foundation; 9 rooms ■
__j__a__ SPECK. 667 Market st.
™r ivted- To buy two-story building with I
o_£ounl 76x20. Inquire 430 Sixth st. j
It KAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
C. C PEMIS, Real Estate and General Land •*:
Agent, 324 Montgomery st. _-»
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh J
and Douglass sts.; must be sold: £oxll4 feet.
$2800 North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet. i
Residence and North line Pacific aye..
near Webster St.: lot 30x127:5>.i feet. ■
IF jou have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 419 Montgomery. ,
FOR SALE— Seven-room modern cottage, lot
60x100, stable and carriage house. 2020 Point
Ixibos aye. _________________-____•__
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
5 ACRES Menlo Park; must sell or exchange
at once- cottage, barn, fencing, outbuildings;
running water; large oaks; beautiful location.
50 acres. Santa Cruz Mountains; half bear-
ing orchard: buildings, fencing, timber, water,
etc.; exchange for bay residence.
W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst bldg.
FINE ranch In Napa County of 320 acres; 40
acres in resistant vines: stone reservoir; coop :
erage of 150,000 gallons; engine; house of i
rooms, etc.; half cash or trade In pari for city
property. ENGLISH .* MORRISSEY, 630
Market st. _^___
$1500— LESS than half value; 600 acres hill graz-
ing, orchard and vineyard land, with springs X
I and enough mik and pine timber to pay for
the and. on main road, 1 mile from station.
near Ukiah. Address R. box j 114. Call office. .
IN the I Campbells fruit belt, on main county j
road, between San Jose and Los ' latos, line , .
lSi-acre bearing prune orchard: modern cot- ,
tage; bargain -".::' Maple st., city.
$100— REDWOOD and oak timber claim; 160 ; ,
I acres near Navarro River, Mendocino County. j
For particulars address R. , box 114, Call.
$4 AN acre^ — 3000 acres: paying stock ranch on ]
Eel River north of Ukiah; fine house, barn, ; .
! orchard and grain field; will keep 1500 sheep; ]
rare bargain; easy terms. Address R.. box ,
, 114. Call office. ; I
FRUIT ranch for sale or exchange. Box 944. j ;
Call of (Ire. '
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $-0 per j ;
acre; choice lands ln tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail : _
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F. | -
NEW rich land near city: small and large j
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; .uOO ' -
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops , -
raised In dry season of 1.97-93 address THE _
COTATI CO.. 302 California st . S. F. | ,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly _
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the . ,
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year
~ RESTAI HANTS. *
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice ' .
cream narlnr. 1035 Market st.: popular prices. ! ;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. | j
BELGRAVIA; Polk, near -Apartments for !
adult families and gentlemen; furn." or unfur. \ .
RI.Y-.NT 464. near Third— neatly furnished j -
hkpg. rms.; private; hot, cold wat. ; fold, bed, j .
CLEMENTINA. 707— One large housekeeping I *
room; rent 57. j -
; EDDY", 207—1 large pleasant completely furn. )
room for hkpg.: gas, bath; house quiet. j .
1 EDDY. 329—2 nicely furnished sunny connecting
room's for housekeeping, $10. j _
FIFTH 353—3 furnished connecting housekeep- I
Ing rooms, $13 also 2 connecting, $10; hall !
| room, $3. . ' -
FILLMORE, 2205, near Clay— sls; - clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water. . _
FOLSOM. 523— Large parlor floor for light j
housekeeping; everything convenient .
FOLSOM SOC— 2 or 3 sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms; bath; stationary washstands. _
GEARY 475 bet. Mason and Taylor— 3 sunny
housekpg rooms; gas. bath; running water. _
GEARY, 191" Parlor, bedroom, dining room, j
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas. yard, basement. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404-3 neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets; hot. cold water: gas range ;sbath.
GOLDEN GATE. KC')— 2 large sunny well-fur-
nished rooms, gas stove, free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye 1404— Sunny front room. ! •
very reasonable; also housekpg; single mi, ;... _
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com- '
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14. *
HARRISON. 796, cor. Fourth— Front sunny | -
rooms, complete for housekeeping. ;
HOWARD, 525— Furnished housekeeping rooms, ; :
! with sunny yard, and others; cheajv I
HOWARD. 650 Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping : |
'. HOWARD, S22— Large sunnj- rooms for house- i ;
keeping; furnished or unfurnished; $.". mo. up. j |
HOWARD. Nicely furnished suites and ! ;
single complete for housekeeping, $8 mo. up. ■ '
H\"DE. 320. jbet-lEddy and Ellis— 3 sunny fur- j -
nished rooms; housekeeping. I*
! IVANHOE, 1002 Polk. cor. Gearj'— clean. ! (
I sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up: ref. j i
LAGUNA, 714 (St. James Apartment House)— i ;
Furnished and unfurnished; light housekeep- | ■
ing; reasonable. j .
LARKIN 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath. _
LARKIN, 706—1. 2 or 3 sunny front rooms; also j
rear room. .
LEAVENWORTH, 1503, near Jackson— 3 sunny '
i furnished rooms; bath; $10. ; .
MASON, Slo— Three or four sunny room?/™.
floor, complete for housekeeping! , .
■ MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and "■
kitchen; 'folding bed; closet; $12. .
MARKET, 1724. near Polk— For business or , -
light housekeeping; 2 front bay-window j
rooms; handsome and new: gas and bath. . , *•
McALLISTER, 447, corner Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny connecting housekpg roonis. I
MINNA, ill's, near Second— Neatly furnished j ,
single and housekeeping ims, $1 25 week up. | \
NATOMA. 538— Unfurnished housekeeping. "
rooms, and others. .
NATOMA, 615—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping, .'. and $15. j
NATOMA. 701, cor. Eighth Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, also single, with use of kitchen. i
NINTH. 211— A hands me furnished front room ' *
with kitchen for light housekeeping. .
: OAK. 117— Two sunny front parlors completely -
furnished for housekeeping; 2 others the
same; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Gearj'— Sunny bay win- .
low, $7 . 'C with kitchen, gas stove, $11 50. !
O'FARRELL. 551— 3. unfurnished rooms to let;
separate entrance: also furnished front room.
SIXTEENTH, 2S22— Sunny furnished rooms,
with or without housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 front sunny housekeeping j
rooms, $11. I
SUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn. \ ]
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR. 108— Sunny housekeeping, hot and i -
...Id water, bath: also bay-window.
TURK. 132— Sunny back parlor and kitchen I
complete for housekeeping; reasonable rent. |
TURK. 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete':,. housekeeping; gas; bath: $3 25 week.
TWENTY-THIRD, 31011! 2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with bath and statlonarj'
washtubs. '■
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms, furnished . for housekpg. i
VALENCIA. 120* Bunny 2 room flat completely i
furnished for housekeeping; rent $10.
VAN NESS aye., 1021—2 sunny rooms, all com-
plete: gas; bath; $14. ■
WILLOW aye.. 10, off Larkin St., near Eddy-
Two furnished housekeeping rooms. $12; no
children.
3 NEATLY" furnished rooms; housekeeping; $10.
17. Langton St.. nr. Seventh and Howard.
ROOMS TO LET— ti Fn". _ Infnrn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike: rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT POLK, 61!. bet. Eddy and Turk— Furnished
sunny rms., single. $8 to $10; also sunny suite,
$25, with light housekeeping If desired; adults.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-clr.ss
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 140 Taylor, cor. Eddy— Sunny furnished
rooms; catering to the profession"; proprietress
retired from the profession.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. .T. KING.
AT 7.2 Second, opp. Wells-Fargo's— single,
double, light housekeeping rooms. $1 up.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; DOc to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 14A Geary— A completely well furnished
hpkg suite, $20 month; other rooms, $1 week.
A— SUTTER, 715-717; sunny; reasonable; ap-
preciated if seen; please investigate.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, Sunny front rooms, all newly fur-
i nished.
j FOURTH. 128%, nr. Mission— management;
j newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rma
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CAI_I_, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
ROOMS TO — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
.FQJ"RTHR<*W^-r£_ic« eunny;. /rant- rooms; also
single rooms. l__L_______l_____-b—
GEARY 14 A— Good clean rooms; double beds;
running water; $1 to $1 50 week.
GEARY, 405 'The Navarre)- Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MJtS. - x^ri.
GEARY 797. corner Hyde— 2 large front sunny
rooms: single; gas; grate and bath. ,
GEARY SOl— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow parlors; single or en suite; central: reas.
GOLDEN STATE, 10« Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 527— Nice sunny fur-
nished room; rent reasonable. ;
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mi«slon sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single:
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutler, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.: elev.: free baths.
HOWARD 953 Mr— Lovely bay-window room;
quiet, homelike; bath: $2 7- wk. ; gents pref.
HOWARD, 1062 Nice sunny front room for $5
a month; also housekeeping room cheap.
Don't forget the number. '.. :r
' HYDE T2 *— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, sin-
gle and double; all conveniences; bath; reas.
JESSIE. 815%, near Fourth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, single and double. .
JESSIE, 508— Nice sunny furnished rooms with
a private family.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny single room neatly fur-
nished. $4. t
LEAVENWORTH, 614— Sunny, newly furnished
rooms, suitable for two gents or single; gas,
bath: private family.
MARKET 7S3V_— Neat newly furnished rooms;
* central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA 140. nr. Third— neatly furnished
rooms. $1 and $1 27 week.
MINNA. 463 A— single furnished rooms, $4 and
$5.
MINNA. 687 cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MINT aye., 2«. nr. Fifth and Market—
furnished rooms. $6 up.
MISSION. 846, near Fourth— New management;
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas.
MISSION, 1320 Single rooms for gentlemen
* from $4 up; bath: sunny.
MOVE new flat Aug. 1; your choice connecting
rooms- newly furnished; unfurnished: house-
keeping: low rent. Call 714 Montgomery aye.
NATOMA, 715, bet. Eighth and Ninth— Sunny
front room; rent $4.
NICELY new furnished sunny rooms en suite
or single: flrst-class in every respect: quiet
house; for gentleman. C. T. X.. box 916, Call.
NICE sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent cheap.
1705 Jones st.
NINTH, 72— One nicely furnished sunny front
room; private family; bath; $6.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and j
offlces; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo. j
O'FARRELL. 208 Nicely furnished rooms; 2
sunny front rooms. second floor; reasonable.
PINE, 510. second door above Kearny— Fur- ;
nished sunny front room in private German !
family, rent $6 per months y ,
PINE, 910- Newly furnished sunny front par-
lore with bath: central; reasonable^ |
POLK. 1527- Sunnj' front rooms, modern con-'
veniences, hot water; low rent. '
POST, 41*4. near Powell— Private family; 2 '
large rooms: prettily furn.; hot. cold water.
POST, '.'72. nr. Parkin Front sunny suite new-
ly furnished: gas; bath: hot cold water: mod.
POWELL. 317, formerly Cosmos Club—
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent ■
light; reading room, smoking room and :
ladles' parlor; rooms- per night, 35c to $1 50; i
week. $2 to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on j
office floor; room? with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND, 504, nr. Bryant single sunny fur- \
nished rooms: large closets: bath; $7. ea. mo. |
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2v Eighth si..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 736 Large sunny front room, $4
per month
SIXTH. 19— Changed hand«: sunny furnished
rooms; $5 and $»*; also front room; suitable for
offlce; $2 week.
SIXTH, 2S— Nicely furnished sunny double
r....m5; reasonable; also transient.
SIXTH, 33, nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished roonis; elevator; transient.
SIXTH. 420 Elegant parlor suite; running
water, bath, etc.: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 131, nr. Third— 2 neatly furnish-
ed sunny corner rooms; closets; gas; bath.
STEVENSON, 253— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms.
STEVENSON, .'37 : _ Sunny room nicely fur-
nished, $3 per month.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth at., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks. 11- Third A good rooming house ]
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. 6th — Sunny corner I
rms., suites and single; ga_s;bath: new mangt. I
THIRD. 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San'
Francisco; white light.-; extra good beds; chp.
THIRD. 106'_— Comfortable rooms from $1 25 to j
$.. per week. i
TURK. 35— Nicely furnished rooms, single and ,
double; reasonable.
TURK, 542, near Poik— Large sunny front
room, gas. bath, grate, folding bed If de-
sired: private family.
VALENCIA. 510— Rooms to let In Spanish and i
French family. I
VAN NESS aye.. 103 Small front bed room: i
closet; gas; bath; $5 month; gent preferred.
WEBSTER; 81..— 1 large sunny rooms; first
floor; no children.
YALE. 112 Taylor- Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up: single. $150 up.
2 MODERN, sunny: 5 and 6 rooms; rent $16,
$18. 340 and 312 Second aye. I
A WEEK'S news for ', cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper. for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
SINGLE room, not over $1 per week; within
easy walking distance of business portion.
Box 978, Call office.
wanted 2 furnished rooms for light house-
keeping: hot water: go.-i location; must be
reasonable. Box 946, Call.
WANTED— Furnished rooms for man and wife,
private; references; state terms. Box 953, Call.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms by competent pianist;
part payment in lessons. Box 1525, Call offlce.
WANTED— Unfurnished office, $3 or $4 a !
month, in central: man. Box 910. Call offlce. |
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. j
i 12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; :
machine supplies. 14.7 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 20.'. Fourth st. -^"V
SPECIAL NOTICES.
. THE Girls' Directory' Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans and half- 1
orphans have been received Into the orphan- j
age from January 1 to July 1, 1899: Gertie J
Sanchez, 7 years; Lizzie Lang. 12 years 2
months; Winifred Casutt, 8 years 1 month: I
Ruth Isaacs, 2 years; Lilly Isaacs, 3 years; |
Louisa Greenwood, 4 years 8 months: Irene
Greenwood, 2 years 10 months: Matilda Lin- j
tia. S years; Emma Semoncina. 5 years; Julia
Semoncina, 2 years 10 months; Maj- Welsh,
9 years 2 months; Nora Broderick, 8 years: ;
Marian Gillian. 11 years 3 months; Veronica I
Dineen. 2 years 5 months; Mary Cavan, 2'
weeks (foundling); Arthur Davies, 4 years 3.
months: Harry Gage, 3 years 4 months; Jo- ■
seph Charley. 2 years 2 months; Nick An-
drews. 3 years 10 months; Luke Andrews, 6 j
I years 1 month: John James, 3 years 1 month; ;
Frank James. 6 years; Tommy Pine. 3 years; 1
George Lintia, 6 years: Fred Eaton, 4 years |
6 months; Tommy Thomberg, 5 years 3 i
months; Alexandra Nelson, 5 years; Frank I
Johnson, 4 years 1 month;
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 M"»*trnmery st.. rooms 9-10: tel, 6520. 1
RCOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
SPIRITUALISM.
GYPSY" life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
AT Friendship Hall. 737 McAllister St., to-day.
2 and 8 p. m., tests by good mediums. 10c.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S: 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
_ I STABLES TO LET.
STABLE: Tehama st., near First; reasonable
rent; stalls for 6 horses. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st.
_______
STORAGE-
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 571 J.
PIERCE A TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 31L
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$550— 50x130; west side St. Charles et.
$1250- Cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; flne loca-
tion; large lot.
$3000— House, 10 rooms; lot 45x140; choice loca-
tion; Central aye., near Grand St.; great bar-
gain.
$6500— House, 9 rooms, modern; water front
lot. 49x150; Clinton aye., near Chestnut st.
Morton st.— Corner lot, 100x150; beautiful resi-
dence, $9000, reduced to $700». "
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!
These flve houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. $1450 for a $2250 home; fi rooms, bath.
No. 2—51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 5.7000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— $4500 for a $7000 home; 3 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
MAROCSE & REMMEL.
820 Market St., S. F., Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
A SNAP— S4OOO for a $6000 place: beautiful
corner. 37x120. for Immediate sale on account
of departure for the East; call and examine.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. Bay st. station.
Alameda, or 030 Market St., -tn Franclsoo.
$1600 WILL buy a flrst-class cottage of - rooms
and bath: lot 35x110; all Improvement.* and
street work finished in 60 days. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
SNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
160; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to*W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapin.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200 Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150: near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash, $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing plate glass, etc; half block
from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let ln all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEUA UOOM.I AND HOARD.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private MRS. DR. TON KE. HI- Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATES.
BERKELEY—
SS5O— Chicken ranch; $50 down, balance to
suit: close to cars; 5 rooms, bath, pantry, etc.;
barn; fenced.
$900—5 rooms, bath. etc.; terms to suit.
$100 down and balance monthly— 7 rooms, ex-
tra large, modern, new: unobstructed view of
the bay and Marin County hills; short distance
from university: lot 40x137; 1423 and 1425 Spruce
si., Berryman Station; key at drug store near
station.
AH of the above are snaps. Will take a lot
In part pay.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Room 2, 222 Sansome st., San Francisco.
Also Fruitvale Station.
BARGAIN; new house, 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
hot and cold water; folding doors; stationary
tubs; brick foundation; large lot, 60x120: close
to station, electric cars, stores, schools,
churches; price $1600; only $100 cash, balance
$15 monthly; get off at Lorin station and ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open Sun-
days and evenings.
CHOICE HOME AT A SACRIFICE.
Lot worth $600; house can't be built for less
than $1400; sell this brand new. latest style,
thoroughly modern 5-room cottage for only
$1750; terms easy; on improved street; con-
venient to train and cars: good neighborhood.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station.
HAVE 5 modern houses in course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two
Just sold; people wishing to locate In that
locality please call or write M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for II per year.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$175— VERY cheap lot; 75x100; only 3 blocks
from electric cars; cost owner $450.
Cottage of 4 rooms and basement: stable;
fruit trees; good well and pump; lot 50x100; all
fenced; terms If desired.
$1200— Cozy cottage of 3 rooms; lot 5^x260.
choice fruit trees and shrubbery; only 2 blocks
from electric cars. ..:
$1250 Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
7-foot basement; good well; barn and chicken-
house; lot 50x146; see this for a bargain.
$2250— Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
basement; attic; tine artesian well, windmill i
and tank; lot 55x120; flne location. For further
Inf.Jrmatlon apply to H. A. PLEITNER, Fruit-
vale Station, Cal.
FOR SALE BY
J. W. ELROD.
$650— 3-room house. 3 blocks from local sta-
tion; all connected with sewer.
$1200— New 6-room hiflise; high basement; |
thoroughly modern: 2 blocks from station.
52100 — One of the finest 5-room houses In
Fruitvale; nice garden and flowers; convenient
to the trains; one-half block from Fruitvale
aye . Bee this.
$2500 3 acres of fine vegetable land: a 4-room
house, and barn; a good well of water and
pump; this Is a suitable place for raising flow-
ers for market.
$800 See our fine building lots on Fruitvale
aye.; we will build you a house to suit.
J. W. ELROD.
Home Building Co. Office near station.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath, all modern improve-
ments, newly papered and painted Inside and
out flrst-class condition, high basement, lot
_Ixi.i.; also lot 50x196, 17 assorted bearing fruit
trees, fine neighborhood; $3000; terms to suit.
Address box 170 S. Call office. Oakland.
FOR good bargains ln Fruitvale real estate. Im-
proved or unimproved, rents furnished or un-
furnished, see C. B. I-OWRY. Fruitvale
Realty ('■*.. Fruitvale Station
FRUITVAI E HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room cottage; hard-flnlshed;
barn; large chicken house; 10 minutes' ride
from station. GO minutes from San Francisco;
$7 per month. 807 Filbert St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
WILLIAM .1. DINGEE,
503 Broadway. Oakland.
Room 16, second floor. Mills building, S. F.
Special Opportunities ln
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley Properties.
$375— North Oakland; West 33d. 34th, 35th
and 3fith sts.; lots for $375 ln heart of Oak-
land; all street work complete; send for cata-
logue.
$6500— Charming Alameda home; 9 rooms,
bath; conservatory; large lot; choice sur-
roundings: bank mortgage $3000; will take .cot-
tage ln exchange.
$1350— 0n Tenth avenue. East Oakland, near
East Sixteenth street: 75x100; bank mortgage of
$S.*.i can remain; easily worth $2000.
$450— On Twelfth avenue. East Oakland; 23x
30(); all street work done; assessed for more
money; owner must realize; fine' chance.
$35,000— On Thirteenth St., near Washington;
new 3-story brick; income $200 per month and
growing: 50 feet front; best buy ln Oakland;
future excellent. .• -
$2150— Pretty cottage on Thirty-sixth st., north
side, near Telegraph aye.; 6 rooms, bath and
all modern conveniences; new; lot 30x125; terms
can be arranged to suit.
Beautiful new home on Orange st.. Oak-
land Heights; corner lot; 50x100; house elegant-
ly finished In natural wood; all open plumbing;
choice flowers, shrubs, etc.; cannot be dupli-
cated for $5000.
$4000 I'leasanton farm 50 acres all fenced
and cross-fenced; good house, barn and out-
buildings; 20 acres In sugar beets; 25 acres In
; oats: always produces fine crops; owner gets
$350 per year rental; exchange for city property
for one-half; balance cash. ■
WILLIAM 3. DINGEE. 903 Broadway. Oak-
land; room 16, second floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
APPLY TO E. E. BUNCE,
908 Broadway, Oakland
FOR SAFE INVESTMENTS.
11-room house; flne barn: near New York City;
150x150 feet; exchange for home In Oakland.
$8500— furniture store for sale or ex-
change for Oakland property.
5-room cottage; 100x140 feet; good location;
want offer.
Want offers for. small homes from $000 and
up, both city and country.
Hotels and all kinds of business sold at auc-
tion or private sale. Other good propositions.
S LOTS as a whole at less than market price;
no charge for good house, barn and other Im-
provements; choice central location; no
agents. P. O. box 555, Oakland.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern Improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks: $200
aown, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1139 E 14th at., nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON
REAL ESTATE BROKER
1058 Broadway, Oakland.
$400— 80x128 feet, one block from San
Pablo avenue, in Golden Gate.
$350— Lot 50x100 feet, on sunny side of the
street, just east of Telegraph aye. electric llne.
$100 down— New colonial cottage of 6 rooms,
In nice location in the Piedmont district; total
price $2000; one block to the cars.
$1750— Right on Telegraph aye. : cozy cottage
of 5 rooms, Just completed; lot 52x147; nice
lawn in front; within walking distance of the
local train; a bargain and in ever- way com-
plete. Including stone walks and modern
plumbing.
$3400— Elegant 6-room colonial cottage, with
lot 33x100 feet; centrally located.
$4100— 12-room house on lot 75x140 feet; on
high ground; in desirable location; convenient
to trains in East Oakland; suitable for two
families.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
REAL ESTATE BROKER,
1058 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000 CASH buys modern 8-room furnished
house, chickens and cow; 1 block to street
car; Fruitvale.
TIM." cash buys 5-room furnished cottage,
piano, windmill and tank; one block street
cars;. Fruitvale.
$14**0 cash buys 5-room cottage on Adeline st.
$320 cash buys good butcher business; San
Pablo aye.
$305 cash buj-s good grocery store; San Pab-
lo aye.
$600 cash buj-s good grocery' store; Adeline st.
$225 cash buys restaurant and bakery; all
good.
$75 cash buys No. 1 cash register.
For cheap houses or business call at 572 San
Pablo aye., Oakland. C. PARMENTER.
EXECUTOR'S Sale— Fine business corner lot,
50x75 feet, in heart of Oakland, bet. Ninth and
Fourteenth sts.; within 2 blocks of Broadway;
convenient to broad and narrow gauge trains
and all street car lines; appraised at $4250;
will accept bid of $3000 and ask court to con-
firm sale; a snap. Apply to B. McFADDEN,
Executor, 906 Broadway, Oakland.
$4500 -READ this bargain; 3 acres and all Im-
provements; a business propertj- consisting
of a corner saloon or store with 5 rooms; also
a 7-room dwelling, large barn and other build-
ings: ihig property has been foreclosed and is
a snap; the former owner was offered $12,000
cash in i<.:*4: don't miss this opportunity;
terms, half cash and balance at 7 per cent;
. ls well located for business; near Fruitvale.
ALDEN CO.. 902 Broadway.
BEAUTIFUL Elmhurst. Oakland suburbs, near
S. P. R. R. : 40 minutes from San Francisco;
15 minutes from Oakland; home lots in sizes
to suit; 50x125, with a new modern cottage, for j
$650 i a beautiful summer home): $50 down,
balance to suit purchaser. JACOB HEYMAN
& SON-. 19 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
CAPITALISTS. ATTENTION—
Large business property in the center of Oak-
land: paying 6 per cent net. For particulars
apply J. S. JOHNSON. 972 Broadway, Oakld.
LOTS 50x100, bet. San Pablo' aye. and Market
St.. North Oakland; must be sold at once.
Address R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 13th st.
$5 MONTHLY' rental for a well-equipped
chicken ranch: plenty of Al water on the
place free; in Fruitvale. near 3 lines electric
cars and schoolhous.; climate anu sou tne I
very best; perfect drainage; in fact, it is the i
garden spot of Alameda County; will sell
this ranch for $750; If desired, paj-ment as
rent: level lets In AVestall Tract, large and
level, for $49 upward: $2 50 cash. $1 50 month-
ly; call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.,
Oakland; carriage free. H. 7.. JONES, owner.
$750 — 4-ROOM cottage, high basement; stable:
nice large lot. etc.: must sell: owner called
away. Apply FIELD REALTY CO., 1139 East
Fourteenth st., Oakland.
FOR sale or rent: large water front factory
building; % acre land. 105 Park aye.. East
Oakland.
SNAP — $1250 cash, balance terms to suit; a new
7-room house, bath: 1 block to local: 40- foot
lot . will paj- 7 per cent Interest on $4000; price
$3,700. WM. P. TODD A- CO.. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FLII.NITUItE FOR - SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of 13-room lodging house;
$150. 700 Franklin St.. Oakland.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEVr .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 95 '7.0 c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Companj'
will be paj-able at the office of the company |
on and after Tuesday, August 1. 1599. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday. July 26,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Albert Dieterich and Marie Novis 40-40
B. W. Haves and Josephine A. Cook ,-.59-45
David Mil. and Lizzie Schensen 23-18
Giovanni Caruso and clorinda Molino 24-16
Isaac Wallin and Bertha Scharj- 34-20
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CLARK— In this city. July 14. 1899, to the wife
of William C Clark, a daughter.
DOUSE- In Hamakuopako, H. 1., July 7, 1899.
to the wife of Alfred Douse, a daughter.
GARBARINO- In this city. July 21. 1899, to the
wife of James C. Garbarlno, a son.
GERCKEN- In this city, to the wife of Wil-
liam H. Gercken, a son.
HANSEN— In West Oakland. July 20, 1899, to
the wife of H. D. Hansen, a son. '
KUHN— In this city, July 22, 1899, to the wife
of George Kuhn, twin daughters.
OLIVER— In this city, July 20, 1899, to -the wife
of D. Oliver Jr. a son.
ROWEN— In this city, July 19. 1899, to the wife
of W. T. Rowen, a daughter.
SEELIG In this city, July 22. 1599, to the wife
of George Seellg, a .laughter.
SPILLER- this city, July 19, 1599, to the
wife of W. V. Splller, a daughter.
WIEDMAN— In this city, to the wife of J.
Wledman, a son.
_ _________ _
MARRIED.
APFEL-HOLDENEH In this city, July 20.
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John Appel
and Elizabeth Holdener. t
BELL— HUBBERT- In Sacramento, June 24.
1899, by the Rev. S. J. Carroll. Harry C. Bell
of Sacramento and Ethel M. Hubbert of San
Francis.".
BLACK— LEPPLA— In this city, July 20, 1899,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Emmet P. Black
and Freda Lenpla.
MUELLER— ROHDE— In this city, July 19, 1899,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. P. Henry Mueller
and Cecilia H. F. Rohde.
=
DIED.
Brown. Henry L. Hey, Louis H.
Buckle % v. Robert E. Jennings, Thomas
Cook, Joseph B. Johnson, Andrew
Craib, William Johnson, Lars P. _* 7
Crawford, Edward C. MacDermot. Mother
Dittmer. Frederick McGuane. John H.
Dolan, John T. Meyer, Mrs. Sophia
Donegan. J. J. Milton. Louis W.
Enright. John Mohrmann, Mrs. C.
Green, Mary E. Morton, Dr. H. R. Sr.
Groizard, Francis Orton, Claudia
Hundley, Bertram J. R.ay. Alfred W.
Hesketh. Catherine Sater. Gottlieb
Hlldenbrand, Mar- Scanlon, Richard J.
garet E. Schramm, Mathieu
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
July 22. 1599, Henry L. Brown, a native of
Michigan, aged 36 years.
BUCKLEY— In Portland, Or., July 21, 1899,
Robert E., beloved son of Jeremiah and the
late Hannah M. Buckley, a native of San
Francisco, age.l 22 years and 20 days.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his father. 122* Oak street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, between How.
ard and Folsom, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for thi. repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemeterj".
COOK— In this city. July 20. 1899. Joseph 8.,
beloved husband of Lizzie Cook, and father of
Walter Cook, a native of San Francisco, aged
39 jears. • ;
H__TThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1363 Webster street, thence to Holj'
Cross Church. Eddy and Scott streets, for
services at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemeterj*.
CRAIB— In San Diego. July 20, 1599. William,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Craib, and
father of Anna Jean, Emma Loj'ell and Grace
Evans Craib. aged 88 years.
tE^The funeral will take place thE day
(Sunday), at - o'clock, from St. Francis de
Sales Church. Oakland.
CRAWFORD— Drowned at sea off the United
• States trans;, .rt Indiana, July 20, 1899, Ed-
ward C, beloved son of John S. Crawford,
and brother of Mrs. James Glassford, Mrs.
A. A. Terry, Mrs. Theodore Chambers, Mrs.
Flora S. Webber and Eugene A. Crawford, a
native of San Joaquin County, Cal.. aged 28
j-ears 10 months and 3 days.
DONEGAN— Commencing at 9 o'clock to-mor-
row (Monday), at St. Patrick's Church, Mis-
sion street, near Third, under the auspices of
St. Patrick's Converence of the St. Vincent de
Paul Society, a solemn requiem high mass
hfaNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
$0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln .School.
Telephone South 80.
will be celebrated for the repose of .the soul
of the late J. J. Donegan. Friends .and
acquaintances of the 'deceased are respect-
fully invited to attend the services.
JAMES V' O'BRIEN. President.
W. T. FLYNN. Secretary
DITTMER— In this city, July 21. IS-., at hi«
residence, 817 Jessie street. Frederick, be- I
loved husband of the late Frederick** Dittmer.
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 63 years
6 months and 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Shiels Hall. 32
O'Farrell street, where funeral services will
be held under the auspices of the Nord-
deutscher Verein. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemeterj'.
DOLAN— In this city, July 21. 1599. John T.,
dearly beloved son of Thomas and Winifred
Dolan, and brother of Belle and May Dolan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
[Ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. *... Hay street, between Hyde and
Larkin, thence to St. Brigid's Church, where
services will be held for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 12:"0 o'clock Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENRIGHT— In this city, July 21, 1899, John
Enright, beloved brother of Patrick an.l Mich.
ael Enright. Mrs. Michael Maher. Mrs. James
McCarthy and Mrs. Martin Collins, and uncle
of John, Delia and Jerry Collins, a native of
Asdee. County Kerry, Ireland, aged 54 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 6:30 o'clock, from the pari of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to 7 o'clock boat for Vallejo by train.
Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery. Valiejo.
GREEN— In this city, July 20, 1899, Mary E..
beloved wife of Charles W. Green, bother of
Etna T. and Mary E. Green, and sister of
Mrs. Eliza Killcline an.l Mrs. Barsanti, a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
.1 C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at 2
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GROIZ.ARD— In this city, July 22. 1899. Fran-
cis Groizard, a native of Jersey, England,
aged CO years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 O'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1325 Guerrero street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass :
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemeterj'-
HANDLIST— this city, July 21. 1899. at 422
Laguna street. Bertram J., only child of j
James M. and Josle Handley (nee Cadlgan), a i
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
29 days.
[T"y lnterment private.
HESKETH— Entered into rest, in this city.
July 21. 1899, Catherine, beloved wife of the'
late Joseph Hesketh, and mother of Joseph,
Grace and Walter Hesketh, Mrs. A. Rausch- |
eaback and the late John. Maggie and Irene j
Hesketh. a native of Germany, aged 7.6 j-ears '
and 9 months.
__-" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral this day i
(Sunday), at 1 O'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 56 Thirteenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEY— In this city. July 21. 1899, Louis H., be-
loved busbar.. of Ella Hey, and father of
Mary and Lena Hey, a native of Germany,
aged 62 years.
_. 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment j
private.
HII.DENBRAND— In this city, July 21. 1899. ;
Margaret Elizabeth Hildenbrand, a native of
Germany, aged os years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow j
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of j
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment private.
JENNINGS— in Fair Oaks, San Mateo County,
Cal., July 21, 1899, Thomas, beloved husband i
of Margaret Jennings, and father of George, i
Thomas Jr. and Abigail Jennings and Mrs.
Paul F. Kingston, a native of Manahawkin, ,
N. V., aged 70 years.
CTFrlends are invited to attend the funeral !
to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 2273 Fifteenth street,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street
and Van Ness avenue, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
JOHNSON— Bodega Bay. Sonoma County.
Andrew Johnson., father of John, Andrew
and Peter Johnson and Mrs. Rosie Furlong, a
native of Norway, aged 70 years 4 months
and 19 days. r-7 .7
C_yFri'-ndf and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Bodega Ray.
JOHNSON— In this City, July 20. 1899, Lars P..
beloved husband of Agusta Johnson, brother
of Alfred Johnson, and brother-in-law of John
and Matilda Mattson a native of Sweden,
aged 4-- years 7 months and 27 days.
g_yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 40* Mississippi street. Interment Cy-
press I.awn Cemeterj-, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MacDERMOT— In India. June 13, 1899. Mother
Ignatius MacDermot. formerly superioress of
Sacred Heart Presentation Convent, San
Francisco.
McGUANE— this city, July 19, 1899, John
H. McGuane, a native of Lowell, Mass., aged
47 years.
__7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the hall of I
Excelsior Lodge No. 310. I. O. O. F.. 2319 |
Mission street. Remains at the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric car.
MEYER— In Oakland. July 21. 1899, Mrs. Sophia
Meyer, relict of George T. Meyer, and mother
of George A. and Henry A. Meyer. Mrs. G.
W. Marlln and Mrs. Walter 3. Mannel, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 70 years 6
months and 4 days.
GiyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services j
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, nt the i
Union Church at Mount Eden. Alameda I
County. Interment Mount Eden Cemetery.
Friends from San Francisco will take the 12
O'clock boat, connecting with train to Hay-
wards. where conveyances .will be in waiting.
MILTON— In the City and County Hospital.
July 22, 1899, Louis William Milton, a native
of Denmark, aged 55 years.
MOHRMANN A month's mind requiem high
miss will be celebrated at Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fell and Fillmore streets,
Tuesday. July 25, 1599. at 9 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of the late Mrs. Catherine
E. Mohrmann. Friends and acquaintances '
are cordially invited to attend.
MORTON— In this city, July 22. 1*99, at 17148 i
Mason street. Dr. H. R. Morton Sr., beloved
husband of Lettie Morton, and father of Wil-
liam. Dr. H. R. Jr., John. Mellie, James, Hes- ;
perian and Rocha Morton and Mrs. Louis
Hamburgher of Chicago, a native of Portu-
gal, aged 70 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
ORTON— In this city. July 23, 1899, Claudia
Orton (nee Ewing).- beloved wife of Ira D. I
Orton. mother of Helen F.wing Orton, daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. George A. Ewing of lowa
City, and sister of Thomas E., George E.. :
Maud and Ellen E. Ewing of lowa City and
Mrs Sherman W. Searle of Davenport. lowa, :
a native of Indiana, aged 29 years 9 months |
and 1 day.
fjTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
REAY— In this city. July 22. 1899, Alfred W.
Rem-, a native of Staffordshire, England, aged I
07 years 11 months and 19 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, |
July 27. 1*99, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- |
dence, southeast corner of Turk street and \
Van Ness avenue. Interment Masonic Ceme- j
terv.
SATER— In this citj'. July 22. 1*99. Gottlieb
Sater. a native of Switzerland, aged 34 years j
1 month and 28 days.
£ "Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
SCANLON— Drowned near Duncans .Mills.lCal.. i
July 20, 1899, Richard J. Scanlon, beloved i
brother Of Matthew J., Patrick H. and !
Charles W. Scanlon and Catherine and.
Thomas Dolan. and nephew of Mrs. B. Scan-
lon and Mrs. A. I'aters.n. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 24 years 1 month and 11 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of j
his aunt, Mrs. B. Scanlon. Sutter street and !
San Pablo avenue. Golden Gate. Interment!
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SCHRAMM— In Oakland. July 20. 1899. Mathieu |
beloved son of M. H. and Elise Schramm a
native of Germany, aged 52 years and 27 days.
[try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services :
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme- '
tery.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 22. •
Stmr Sunol. Jacobs, 70 hours from Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Homer, Hlpgins, 1.7 days from St Mich
ael, via Dutch Harbor 10 days.
Yacht Muriel, Parker. 6 .lays from Santa
Cruz.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 22.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins .v.- Co
Stmr Cleveland, Kllteaard, Seattle: E T
..ruse
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. St Michael, via Dutch
Harbor; North American Commercial Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, Sun Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Portland, Lindqulst, St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. July 22.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, St Michael, via Dutch
Harbor.
Stmr Portland, Lindqulst, St Michael.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson, — — .
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanalmo;
John Hoscnfeld's Sons.
Br - 1 mr Tartar. Pybus. Manila, via Hono
lulu; V S Government.
Ship Occidental. Bennett. Seattle.
Br bark ■ Moe Eilian. Owen. Queenstown; G
W McNear.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams.
Dimond & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Page. Mahukona; J D Spreck-'
els & Bros Co. . , , _
Brig W G Irwin. Williams. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams. Honolulu
Schr Eva. Ramselins_.-Hana; M 8 Grinbaum
& Co. „
Schr Laura Madsen. Jorgenson, Grays Har
bor. ■':■•-'"■ -■ - '
Schr Twilight. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived July Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Julj' 21.
Sailed July 22— Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco. _ ,_
MENDOCINO— SaiIed July 22— Schr Golden
Gate, for San Francisco. ■ ■-
FORT ROSS— Arrived July 22— Schr Mary C,
hence July 19. ■■ __.
Sailed July 22— Schr Mary C, for ban Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 21— Stmr
Greenwood, from Point Arena.
Sailed July 22— Stmr Greenwood, for ban
Francisco. _ _. .
EUREKA— Arrived July 22— Stmrs Ruth and
Weeott. hence July 21; schr Laura Pike, hence
July 8.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 22— Br ship Seman
tha. from Shanghai.
Sailed July Schr W F Jewett, for San
Francisco; stmr State of California, for San
Francisco. __,_-_._*
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 22— Schr Al
calde, hence July 4. ____.«.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 22-Schr
Newark, hence Julj- 21.
Sailed July 22-Schr Mary Etta, for San Fran
cisco: schr Corinthian, for San Francisco.
USAL- Arrived July 22— Stmr Navarro, hence
July 21. „"■'*"_,'_.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed July 22 — Schr
Emma Utter, for Grays Harbor.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 22— Chilean
bark Lake Leman. from Valparaiso.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 22— Haw
ship Star of Russia, fern Honolulu.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
G Pinchot, DC 'C N Sterrj' & fm. Cal
C W Larsen. Chicago C S Lesher &w. N V
J W Knox. Merced I Miss H Riordan N V
G N Jacobs, Reading IP Allen, New York
C 11 Glelm. Portland ill W Sampson, NY
W H Bailey, Denver 17 L Hicks.. Brooklyn
D Dinkelsplel. N V Miss J Hicks. Brooklyn
H E Cary. Salt Lake II A Freeman &w. Pa
J M Rankin. Wash R P Elliot, Dawson
J P Smith & w, Cal J F Ferris, Callente
H Hlrao, Japan IW G Peterson & w. Cat
W M Sims, Sacto iW R Green. N V
H A Graham, USA Miss Driscoll, NY
C Fink, St Lottie Miss II Driscoll. N V
R E Jackson. Ark A Vehmeyer. NY
F W Bruggenhoft & w, R H Vehmeyer. N V
New York E E White, ohio
F F Sharpies.. Madera A L Levlnsky, Stocktn
GRAND HOTEL.
M Lawless Martinez Q A McElfresh, L Ang
A H Tlckell &w, (.'al CO Dunbar, S Rosa
G W Towle. Towle M Sherman, Term
L H Carre &w. Tex M M Snyder, Wash
A H Williams. ('al J Montague. St Louis
J F Corpe. S Cruz A Loveman. Nashville
T P Jardon Jr. Mo W Hike. Freene
II I 'ads-ham, L Ang T B Noss A w. Cal
.1 W Atherton. Novato I H Parks & w, Cal
A Dugas & W, Dawson Margaret Rush, Kan
.1 T Smith, London Ada Chamberlain. Kan
A B Long, Fresno .1 II Marcus Marysville
— Rhine, Cal J I- Walsh, Cal
C Stettler, Dayton W Bohman. \ allejo
C I. Jones & w, Alaska A R Dewy. la
c Shaler. USA Ruth A Bartlej-, Cal
(i II Svmmes, w & 8, Edna M Hartley. Cal
Oswego 3 D Ebarth, Mo
J E Vinej-, Hanford |H I. Smith. Cal
II H Hunter. Colusa F M Temple. S Joae
.1 Roaenbush, N V F.C Fry. S Jose
W W Rohrer. Fresno 'J H Glide Jr, Sacto
W D Crichton & w. Cal Louise Clark Sacto
F Sabichi, L Ans L I Golden Sa to ,., „,..,
H S Harris. Kingman IW Steinbeck. Hollister
H Prosswietz. MaJland C W I__rsen, Chicago
Ella Prosswietz, Mal- Ida O George. Mo
land ! Anna P Harris. Mo
F E Sharkey. NT 111 II Hay ward Cal
F Mattlson, S Cruz I J H Borden, <al
Mrs J C Gray & c, Cal l_ Evans, Napa
M P Morgans _- w, Cal W Green, Topeka
C I Fletcher. Ind C Rhine. Dayton
C I. Huschman. Ind R W Williamson. Cal
C P McConnell & w.iR F Cavert. Sallda
Chicago M C Isaacs, Chicago
Miss E Lewis, Pa 3 Spence, Sulsun
Miss Z McClure, W Va F G Roberts. Modesto
ONE MINERS LUCK.
After Hope Had Left Him Ha
Stumbled Over a Nugget Worth
About $8000.
This man had reached the very last of
his resources without linding a speck of
gold and although men in such extremity
are.always kind and helpful to each other.
he could not expect any one to share his
fast-dwindling stores with him. There
was nothing for it, therefore, but to turn
back on the morrow, while a mouthful of
food was still left, and to retrace his steps
as best he might to the nearest port, lie
dwelt with a good deal of rough pathos
on the despair of that last day's trust
less work, which left him too weak and
exhausted to carry his heavy tools back
to the- spot they called "camp." So he
just flung them down and, as he said,
"staggered" over the two or three miles
of scrub-covered desert, guided by the
i smoke of the eampflre. Next morning
early, after a great deal of sleep and very
little food, he braced himself up tc (go
back and fetch his tools, though he care
fully explained that he would not have
taken the trouble to do this if he had not
felt that his pick and barrow were about
his only possessions, and might fetch the
price of a meal or two when it came to
the last. j ._, ■
I have often wondered since If the im
pression of the Divine mercy and good
ness which was so strong in that man's
mind just then has ever worn off. Ha
dwelt with self-accusing horror on how
he had railed at his luck, at fate, at
everything, as he stumbled back that hot
morning over his tracks of the day be
fore. The way seemed twice as long. for,
as he said, his "heart was too heavy to
carry." At last he saw his barrow and
pick standing up on the flat plain a little
way off. and was wearily dragging on
toward them, when he caught his toe
against a stone deeply Imbedded in the
sand, and fell down. His voice sank to a
sort of awestruck whisper, as if he w*r»
almost at confession, as he said:
"Well, ma'hm, if you'd believe me. I
cursed awful. I felt as if it was too hard
altogether to bear. To think that I should
go and nearly break my toe against the
only stone in the district, and with all
those miles to travel back! So I lay there
like Job's friend and cursed God and
wanted to die. After a bit I felt like a
passionate child who kicks and breaks
the thing which has hurt him, and I had
to beat that stone before I could feel
quiet. But it was too firm in the sand
for my hands to get it up. so In my rage
I set out briskly with the pick to break
up that stone, if it took all my strength.
It was pretty deep set in the ground. I
assure you. ma'am, but at last I got lt
up, and here it is— solid gold and nearly
as big as a baby's head. Now. ma'am, I
ask you, did I deserve this "
He almost banged the rather dirty-look
ing lump down on the table before me as
he spoke, and it certainly was a wonderful
sight, and a still more wonderful weight.
He told me he had searched about the
neighborhood of that nugget all day, but
there was not the faintest trace of any
more cold. So. as he had no time to lose
on account of the shortness of the food
and water supply, he just started back
to the coast, which he reached quite
safely and came down to Perth in the
flrst steamer. The principal 'bank had
advanced him £800 on his nugget, but it
would probably prove to be worth twice
as much. I asked him what he was going
to do. and was sorry to hear that he in
tended to go back to England at once and
set up a shop or a farm— l forget which—
among his own people. Of course, it was
not for me to dissuade him, but I felt
it was a pity to lose such a good sort of
man out of the colony, for he was not
spending his money in champagne and
card-playing, as all the very few success
ful gold finders did in those flrst days.—
Cornhill Magazine.
London's Meat.
Little more than a half of the bill that
London settles every year goes Into th«
pocket of the English farmer. Prom the
ends of the earth comes this vast supply.
This great ogre of a city of ours, before
whose gastronomic efforts the feats of all
the giants of legend and fairy tale fade
into insignificance, has taken his toll of
the wild ranchers from boundless Western
prairies, of the beautiful chestnut colored
herds of the Andalusian Mountains, of
the piebald coated cattle that the honest
Dutch tend as their own children, and of
the sturdy oxen of the North German
plains. Canada and Australia send us
lambs and sheep, the River Platte our ox
tongues. Hamburg and Rotterdam our
pigs. What an advertisement for tha
Navy League! What an object lesson for
those who declare our fleet is overgrown!
It passes human comprehension to think
what would become of London if our com
mand of the sea were lost and the foreign
supplies failed! If the 150.000 live cattle
from America that swell the metropoli
tan cattle herd during the year never
reached their destination; if Holland's
half million of sheep were forced to re
main on the home pastures— in short, if
the 140,000 tons of meat, neither bred nor
fed in these islands, that London annually
consumes, ceased to appear in the butch
ers' shops in the metropolis.— Cassell's
Magazine.
Her Predominating Trait.
• "She's married an old man worth $4,000 -
000. and who isn't expected to live a year "
"I'm not surprised. She's always been a
most successful bargain hunter."—Phila
delphia Call.COM MERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MAJ-KE'lB. ( _ j
Bank Exchanges continue to gain.
Financial quotations unaltered.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley weak.
Corn dull. Oats and Rye In fair demand.
Bran ar.d Middlings firm.
Hay !n excessive receipt and very weals.
Beans continue firm.
Potatoes weak and plentiful.
Tomatoes still scarce and high.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Butter weakening.
Eggs and Cheese firm.
Apricots weaker and Plums (inner.
Pried Apples lower.
Slight advance in Honey.
ITovislons continue flrm.
Beef and Mutton easy.
Veal and Pork firm.
Grain Bags stiff. _________
BANK CLEARINGS.
Loca' bank clearings la-st week were $19,223,
--231. against J12,675,559 for the game week last
j- ear. _________
WEATHER REPORT.
(irotb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 22. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures -*/ere
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka .-an Diego 63
Fresno ■ Sacramento 94
I-os Angles 7S|lndependence 94
Red Bluff 98, Yuma 102
San Luis Obispo 7SI
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
72; minimum, 72: mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
RECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidlj' over the ooun
trv between the Sierras and the Rocky Moun
tains and northward to the International
boundary. An area of hlsh .sure overlies
the northern half o'. the Pacific coast." The
u:>ual cummer low overlies Arizona and South
eastern California.
The temperature has fallen from six • > six
teen degrees over Utah and Northern Nevada.
Tliere has been a gradual rise over the north
ern.half of California, and conditions are fa
vorable for warmer weather Sunday throughout
this State.
In the vicinity of San Fran* there is a
vertical thermal gradient of one decree rise
for every 200 feet elevation.
Maximum temperatures exceeding 100 degrees
will probably occur Sunday afternoon and also
Monday in the great valleys of California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirtj'
hours ending midnight July 23. l ' '° :
Northern California— Fair; warmer Sunday:
fresh northerly winds in the valleys; brisK
westerly winds on the coast, with f>g in the
afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Sunday: warmer,
fresh northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair: warmer Sunday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Sunday and Sunday
San" Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
coder Sunday night, with fog: light northerly
winds in the morning: brisk westerly winds In
the afternoon. ALEXANDER & McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 22.— T0-day's stock mar- I
ket was an unimportant, even an Insignifi
cant affair. I^ondon manifested some contln- :
ued interest In American securities, irking
up prices rather above the point reached on {
this side even on the opening rise. The open- |
Ing advance here finally succumbed to the j
sympathetic Influence of a reaction in Sugar,
which lost over a point. Heaviness in other j
Industrials helped to hold back the market.
The bears were no more disposed to operate
than the bulls. The bank statement brought a ;
realizing movement which carried prices off
ln pome cases a point from the best. Rock
Island and a few- other stocks which have been
going up for several days being most affected.
The offerings were well absorbed and the short i
session ended with quotations not far from
last nighfs prices. The oppressive heat pre
vailing had something to do with the extreme
lassitude cf the trading. Fort Worth and Den
ver Citj' first mortgage bonds rose 1% on the
acquirement of traffic rights between Denver
and Pueblo by the Colorado and Southern,
which controls the roed.
Net changes ln prices of stocks for the week
are mostly small and showed both gains and
losses. There were some sharp losses in the
early rart of the week and the movement
after that was irregular. It was the smallest
week's business of the year. Even dealings
by professional operators had dropped to a
minimum- Lovking back over a period of a
month lt Is taX*-' to discern that the best judges
failed to correctlj- estimate the world's needs
for money, nnd the release of large sums
which «as confident! j- expected after Julj- 1 has |
been successively delayed from daj' to day an.l
from week to week. Large loans were repaid
to the Bank of England in the first days of
Julj', but before the week was over the mar
ket was again a borrower from ' - - bank and
has been ever since at rat«-s up to 44 per cent.
as against th.c bank's ortlcisU minimum of 34 ,
per cent. Onlj- In the last three days has there
been anj" remarkable relaxation In money
ptringencj' at the British capital. It has been
obvious as the situation developed that Lon
don and the Continent wer. going to be more
dependent on the United States for r?lief than
was contemplated and the continued hardness
of monej- here has aroused doubts as to the
avail.-i'ilitj- of that relief. The situation is
conclusive evidence of the continued strong
Influence of America In the money markets of
the world. The Industrial activitj' In Ger
many, especially in iron and steel, and th"
speculation of the Berlin bourse have -*.;■:
monej- hi^h at Berlin. In Gr«-at Britain itself
there has b-en expanding trade and Interior
demand for monej- beyond what has been j
counted upon, and the call of a portion of the
Japanese loan pinched the London market. In
the face of these conditions, when London saw ,
the monej- rate In New York holding high and
very slow to yield, the speculation in securi
ties came to a standstill, not onlj- in London
but on the Continent and In New York.
The street railway strikers in Brooklyn and I
Manhattan boroughs of New York aroused \
seme anxletj' as a possible sj-mptom of gen- i
eral unrest among wage earners. This has
been an Important factor in discouraging act
ive operations In the stock market while so •
manj' favorable conditions seem.d to presage
a rise In prices.
Dealings in bonds have been dull and .om.
Issues :ell au_y ln price, but other moved up- !
ward on active demand. United States regis
tered 3s and 5s advanced 4, the old 4s reg
is-., -r-.i 4 and old 4s coupon 4 in the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1,300 Atchison l<*»i ,
7, 000 Atchison prefd .14
200 Baltimore <fe Ohio «_
Canadian Pacifio 97
i'oo Canada Southern J3^ |
Central Pacific 61% I
700 Chesapeake & Ohio 2 1 .', i
3.100 Chicago Great Western 14
2.300 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 136% I
Chicago. Ind & Louisville., ..* 3*i
200 Chicago, Ind & Louisv.lle prefd 40
Chicago __ Eastern Illinois 734
2CO Chicago & Northwestern 1094
•1.200 Chicago, Rock Island & Paciflc 118-4
200 C. C. C. & St. Louis 584
100 Colorado Southern ... . 4\ \
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44 I
Colorado Southern "d prefd 16 ! .
Delaware & Hudson 1214 I
Delaware. Lackawanna & Western. 167
100 Denver & Rio Grande 214
ivi Denver Ji Rio Grande prefd 75 |
Kr:. 134 '
Erie Ist prefd 364 :
Great Northern prefd 166
Hocking coal 14
Hocking Valley 21 !
1.000 Illinois Central 116 :
2,387- lowa Central 13
600 low;* Central prefd 514 I
200 Kansas City, Pittsburg & f^ulf 74 ;
Lake Erie A Weetern 17 '
Lake Erie & Western prefd 77*4 j
Lake Shore j.'iO I
,2.200 Louisville ._ Nashville 734
,'L.i'M Manhattan Elevated US
7"jo Metropolitan Street Railway 211*;
'00 Mexican Central 17,'
Minneapolis &■ St. Liuls 544
Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd M
1,300 Missouri Pacific * 4TTt ;
Mobile* Ohio fff 4-,
Missouri. Kansas & Texas ff. ll'-i
100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 24
100 New Jersej- Central 116
5.7.0 New York Centra! 134*4
••• • Norfolk & Western .. . - |
400 Norfolk A Western prefd bb -■! !
• 1.-CJ Northern Pacific t o i,
300 Northern Paclflc prefd •••••••• 1 1
Ontario ,*_ Western ogt- ;
Oregon Railway & Navigat.onbbb'. 40 *
•■--;;_ Oregon -.Railway * Navigation pfd. 65 i
c^C'O Pennsylvania I'6U. I
AM Reading f'fffff 'on?
5.600 Reading Ist prefd f.'fff - -97!
• 300 Reading 2d prefd 'fff . f.f yy '
Rio Grande Western " b'bb. 20
RlO Grande Western prefd "ff. 70
St. Louis Jk San Francisco ..." 10H4
St. Louis & San Fianclsco Ist pfd 694
....... St. Louie & San Francisco 2d pf<J 77 *
100 St. Louis A Southwestern I4«f
2,l f -0 St. Louis & Southwestern prefd ' 31*7,
«.500 St. Paul 3_l 7 i
St. Paul prefd 1734
200 St. Paul & Omaha 10*,
200 Southern Pacific Sia^
'700 South-rn Railway nvj
600 Southern Railway prefd 594
Texas & Paciflc 22%
1,900 Union Pacific 4..;,
700 Union Pacific prefd 77\
Wabash 74
300 Wnbash prefd 22' i
I 400 Wheeling & -Lake Erie *>si
... Wheeling & Like Erie 2d prefd.... 244
Wisconsin Central . P^
Express Companies..
Adams 112
American 1374
•'' 100 United States 49
....... Wells Fargo 125
Miscellaneous..
•* 400 American Cotton Oil 444
......_ American Cotton (ill jrefA wmu* 23 ,
100 American Malting 17%
y.y, I. American Malting prefd 69
900 American Smelting & Refining 344 |
250 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 85%
American Spirits 6 ;
American Spirits prefd 69 i
9t'o American Steel Hoop * 30 j
.... American Steel Hoop prefd 77
SOO American Steel & Wire 56 '
60** American Steel & Wire prefd 95%
500 American Tin Plate 38%
American Tin Plate prefd 54%
1,600 American Tobacco 97% '
American Tobacco prefd 143
1.400 Anaconda Mining Co 55%
3..00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 115%
Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
900 Continental Tobacco 40%
Continental Tobacco prefd 874
30*1 Federal Steel 68
400 Federal Steel prefd 80%
100 General Electric 119%
Glucose Sugar 63
Glucose Sugar prefd 107
i International Paper 41
300 International Paper prefd 784
100 Laclede Gas 54
550 National Biscuit 474
100 National Biscuit prefd 99
100 National Lead '<'-%
National Lead prefd 1"
600 National Steel 494
400 National Steel prefd •>*% ■
950 New York Air Brake 200
North American 11% j
| Pacific oast 3S
i Paclflc Coast Ist prefd 84 I
Paclflc Coast 2d prefd so !
100 Paclllc Mail '%
700 People's Gas 118
I Pressed Steel Car »"%
j Pressed Steel Car prefd 84%
1 Pullman Palace Car l:-',v-
■ Standard Rope & Twine '%
! 8,600 Sugar 'ff'*
| Sugar prefd US
500 Tennessee Coal & Iron <>\\
100 United States Leather 64 j
I 1,000 I'nited States leather prefd 72%
I 100 United States Rubber 49%
I . I'nited States Rubber prefd IP%
100 Western Union 90
i 115.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
CS!s reg 100% MX & T 2ds .. 68% ]
Do 3s reg ... .108% Do 4-- 93
Do 3s coup 109 X \ Cent lsts.... 1 -■_ j
Do --*- 4- r- g .12:' IN J Cent gen 55,.121-_
Do new 4s coup. l3o No Carolina 6s 100
| Do old 4-* reg... .112% Do 4s 109
Do old 4s c0up. .113 No Paclflc lsts 113
Do rs reg 111% Do 3s 67%
Do 5s coup 112% I" 45.... ..........103
Dlst of C 3.65s 119 X V '- & St Ii 4_ .10*4
I Alabama class A. .106 Nor & V. con 45... 90%
! Do class B 108 Do sen 6s ... 1*> '- ]
Do .ass i' 10$ Oregon Nay lsts.. .1134
Do Currency... 9. ' Do 4s »1% I
I Atchison gen is.. .1024 Oregon S L 65.. PP.
Do adj 4s 85% Do con 55.... 13- j
'; Canada So 2ds lU4 Reading gen 45.... BS%
i Ches & Ohio 445.- 'JT4 Hi' 1 G West lsts. 95%
Do 5s 119 St L& I M con _s.H3- s !
Chi -7- N W con 7s. 145 SI LA S F gen 6s. 124%
Do S F'deb ss. .122 i St Paul con 1.0
1 Chicago Term 45... 99% St Pc A P ...161 j
, pen & Rio G lsts.. 105% Do ss". 121%
Do 4<= 100% So Rallwaj- 55:... .1094 ;
! B T V A G 15t5.T.102% Stand R & T 65... So_ i
i prie gen 4s "2-4 7- :.n new set 35... 96%
F A Wi& DC lsts.. SO Tex & Pac lsts — 116 I
! Gen Electric 55.. 118 j Do 2d- 56
.; H'& SA 6s 113 Union Paclflc 45. ...1064 !
y>o Is 10S Colo Southern 4- 89%
| H __ T C 5s 110 [Wabash lsts 116%
Do con 6s 112 I Do 2ds 102%
! lowa Cent lsts. ...113 West Shore 4s 1144 ;
,X CP.V G lsts.... 61 Wis Cent lsts <a% t
' La new con 4s 106 iVa Centuries 86%
i L __ N unified 45.. 99%| Do Deferred 8%
MINING STOCKS.
; Chollar '. 25 Ontario 660
: Crown Point 25 Ophir 1 ?o ;
; Con Cal & V 1 95 Plymouth W
I Deadwood 60|Quicksllver - 10
Gould & Curry 15 Do prefd SOo l
! Hale & Norcross.. 3-7 ' Sierra Nevada
: Homestake 65 00, St andard ■ _- i
'■ Iron Silver 50 Unl n Con 3o
I Mexican .'.Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- West End 944 ;
Call loans 3 @4 I Oo prefd •_.--•!}-. j
Time loans 3%'§*4% Westlnghouse El.. 4-4
Stocks— Wis Central 14% i
Atch Top &St F< 19% Bonds— ;
I Do prefd 61% Atchison 46 1004 j
; American Sugar... 1.77 . Mining Shares-
Do prefd 118 Adventure 9 I
'• Bell Telejhone 347 Allouez il!n Co 'i *
Boston & Albany. .26l Atlantic 30 j
■ Boston Elevated... 107% Boston & Mont 3*>*
Boston & Maine... 198 Butte & Boston 7o
Chi Bur ft W 136% Calumet & Hecla..Slo j
Ed Elec 111 200 Centennial 33% .
I Fltchburg prefd. ...117 Franklin i?
i Gen Electric 119% Humboldt - \
I Federal Steel 58 Osceola 87
Do prefd SO Parrott -'-i
I Mexican Central... is wulncy 161
Michigan Tei 97% Santa Fe Copper... 13%
, Old Colony .. 203 Tamarack 221
j Old Dominion 37% Winona 13
| Rubber 50 .Wolverine 46%
Union Pacific 43% Utah 43
j Union Land ■ 741
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Financier saj'S
this week:
i The reduction of 000,000 In the deposits of
i the New York banks last week tightened re
. serve requirements about $3,000,000. The Insti
. tutlons, however, according to their current
i statement, lost $1,164,100 cash, and for this rea
! son the increase in surplus reserve was only
J1,356,550, which brines present holdings $12,
--* 055,600 above legal requirements. The decrease
'. in loans have contracted outstanding Pan obli
; gations no less than $28,000,000. In the same
time deposits have b--en decreased nearly $27.
--i 500,000 while the cash in bank has remained
' stationary. It will be seen that reserves have
i been strengthened at the expense of outstand
! ing commitments, and tho process does not ap
' pear to have reached an end as yet. There is
! no question, however, that th* banks are now
' gaining cash, even if the statement does Indi-
c ate otherwise. The known operations -' money
! last week were decidedly In favor of the instl
-1 tutlons. the loss of $75'\000 to the treasury hav
ling be'«n offset by the gain of something like
$2,000,000 in the interior. The current exhibit
\ does not reflect this, but It ls to be said that
• the losses shown can 1..- traced to two or three
' large banks, the remaining members having
; really strengthened their positions. As to the
. outlook, the opinion is that there is nothing In
' the situation at present to warrant an undue
expansion In bank figures. The . liquidation
which began with July has run Its course to a
j large extent, and while the present Is a mid
season period the movement of money will
! probably continue this way for some little time.
; Foreign exchange authorities agree that gold
I exports except as special transactions are at
; an end. and while the crop season is near at
hand It Is not anticipated that the demands
this year will cause much of a drain from New
Ycrk Interior bank reserves are above the
! avenge an.l this, coupled with easier rates
for money abroad and the certainty that ex
; change will rule in favor of New York With
the :,-.:ng grain exports, sterns to favor a re
', taxation rather than a. rise in rates here ror
; the time being.
THE LONDON MARKET.
| LONDON, July 22.— Canadian Pacific 99% c:
I Union Pacific pre/erred. 78% c; Atchison, 25%;
i Anaconda. ll%c. Par Silver, firmer, 27% d per
j ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
I NEW YORK. July FLOUR Receipts. 21,
--000; exports. 27.r»<5 barrels. Quiet, but held
I somewhat higher. Winter patents, $3 65ff3 So;
i winter straights. $3 4iVS3 50; winter extras. $2 40
j <q2 SO: winter low grades, $2 '.'. '..' 40; Minne
sota patents, $3 75^3 85; Minnesota bakers', $3
ig-3 16.
* WHEAT- Receipts. 143.900; exports, 39,857
'■ bushels. Spot, steady: No. 2 red, 7«4c f. o. b.
j afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77% c f." o. b.
afloat spot; No. 2 red. 74% elevator. Options
o pp n ed strong on adverse Northwest crop news,
j better cables than expected and active cover
ing. After advancing for a time It eased off
' under realizing, i losing easy '.;",.- net lower.
July 75%@78c; closed, 7.:...-. September, 75 11-16
»76% c; closed, 75% c; December, 77%r§-7.c;
closed. 77%e.
HOPS — Quiet: State, common to choice, 1596
I crop, 6@7c; 1597 crop. ll@13c; 1898 crop, 16©17 c;
Pacific Coast. 1596 crop, 6<>7c; 1.97 crop, 11*}
13c; 1198 crop. 17-_rlSc.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21^35 pounds,
'■ 18% c.
WOOL Steady; domestic fleece, p.^24.-.
MET .LS— The brokers' price for lead Is $4 3
and for copper $is 50. The exchange closed to
day
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5c lower. Sales, 8250 bags, Including: Sep
tember $4 40; November, $4 7". December, $4 8.7;
February 84 95; March. $5; May. $5 10@5 15.
! Spot Coffee — Rio dull and weak; No. 7 Invoice,
54c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Barely _teady;
Cordova. S^lSe.
! SUGAR— Raw. firm: fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined Steady, more active: No. 8, 4 13-16fif
4«- 4 c; No. 8. 4 7-16.-: No. 9. 4Nc; No. 19. 44c; No.
--11. 4%c; No. 32. 4 5-_6c; No. 18. 1 f.-Hc. No. 14,
44c; mold A, •"%'. standard A. .".H ; confec
tioners' A, B%C cut loaf. 5%c; crushed, 6c; pow
dered. B%c; granulated. 5%c; cubes, 6%c.
BUTTEH Receipts. 4814 packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 10-ftiSc; factory. 12(_til44c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6203 packages. Quiet: steady;
Western, 14915 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July 22 —California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Quiet. Common.
64'-.74e; prime wire tray. 84(fJ8%c; choice, 8%
@9c; fancy, 9%©12 c.
PRT-NPS -S%fi«%C.
APRICOTS— RovaI. 14c: Moorpark, Ho
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 10@llc
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO, July 22— Wheat opened strong on
reports of extreme heat In the Northwest, a
condition Injurious to spring wheat ln Its pres
ent state. September began at an advance of
lc, with the bulk of trading at 70% c. A fur
ther advance was scored Immediately to 71S4c
A cool wave was sighted by the leather pro
phet ln the far Northwest, but unheeding that
I shorts rushed to cover. The average maximum
i temperature Sported from South Dakota and
J J^_T>a'«ota wk* 100 degrees. There were also
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
reports of damages from rains ln parts of the j '
WeFt and Southwest. The seaboard reported a' 1
good export business. Selling against calls and ; '■
official predictions that the cool wave would j .
move southward soon checked the rise.
Shorts recovered from their fright and resum- , ;
el selling with such success that at the end I .
of the short session %c had been clipped off
the September price. September closed at *04
®70 ic, a net gain of %c.
Corn opened strong In sympathy with wheat. j
Reports were uniformly favorable for crop i
prospects. September closed unchanged.
Oats ruled dull and easy, closing unchanged.
Provisions opened strong, with hogs 10c up. I
The weakness which later developed in corn
was communicated to provisions and the early
strength was dissipated. September pork ■ :
closed unchanged, and lard and ribs closed
steady at about yesterday's closing prices.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. I
Wheat No. 2— _, ,„„ !
July 704 704 6.<* 69%
September 704 714 70% 70%
December 72% 73 72% '""Is j
Corn Xo. 3— _ ■■ „„,,
July 32% 32.% 32 324
September 324 32% 31% 31 :»
December 304 30% 29% 30 |
Oats No. 3— «_•___
July 25 25 24 244
September 19% 19% \fff JJ*
May 214 22 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bid - ",„', « nft
September 930 930 9 174 920
October »25 9 27% 920 920
Lard, per 100 lbs— . _ .... !
September 560 5 624 5 a. 4 5 »''. ,
October . 765 5 67% 5 624 5 62% j
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs- _
September 32, 530 o 22% 5 22%
October 530 5 32% .2*4 580
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, ,
easy: winter patents, S3 5033 60; straits, $3 10 |
(53 30: spring specials, $4: hard patents, *. 50®
3 60; soft patents, $3 30®S 40; bakers . Jl So@
. 40. No. 3 spring wheat. 68@69%c; No. red,
7;. - No. 2 corn. 31%@82%c: No. 2 oats. 24% c;
No 2 white. 29c: No. 3 white. 24®24%Cj No. 2
rye 54% c; No. 1 flaxseed. 99c: prime timothy
seed ._ 2_®2 45: mess pork, per bbi, 38 50@9 20;
lard, per ion lbs. S3 40®5 52%: short ribs sides
(loose). 35 15f.7, 30: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
.*5 37i-(ffs 50: short clear sides (boxed), Js 40®
5 45; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon. $1 26; sugars, cut loaf. 6.02 c; granulated,
5.64 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 -10.000
Wheat, bushels 74.000 667,000
Corn, bushels 514.000 j 645,000
Oats, bushels 237.000 219.000
Rye. bushels 4<m ■■■■■■
Barley, bushels 3.000 I -°°°
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak: creameries, 134®l*e: dairies,
11@15%0. Cheese, easy, 8%@90. Eggs, fresn,
114 c.
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— 3u\y. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 6% 5 8% 6 9%
Closing |
PARIS FUTURES. !
Wheat- JU';- Sept.-Dec !
Opening 20 2S 20 (5 j
Closing |
oSSST « 10 28 5
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 22.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle were not large enough to-day to make a j
market. Good to fancy steers were quotable
at $4 45.- 4 S5; commoner grades. $4 25@0 20:
Stockers and feeders. $3*4 75; bulls, cows and j
heifers. $2@6 10; calves, 34 50@6 75: Western
fed steers were quoted at J4 6565 67 and Texas
steers at J3 50® 5 25.
HOGS— Lost half on early advance of 10c at
the close. Heavy lots brought $4 26 4 65;
mixed lots, 14 39®4 674: light hogs. M 401-4 70;
culls and rough lots. $234. and pigs $3 E./34 60.
SHEEP- Most of the sheep to-day came di
rectly consigned to the packers and the few j
flocks that came on the market sold at un
changed prices. !
Re •■:::-*- Cattle, 200; Hogs. 18,000; Sheep. 2500.
NEW YORK IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. I
NEW YORK. July 22.— Exports of gold and ,
sliver from this port to all countries for this |
week aggregate (845,4 in silver bars and coin j
and $2415 In gold _ .
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at the
port of New York for this week were valued at I
$0,904,641. , _____ I
The Imports of specie this week were J102,
--702 gold and $98,200 silver.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available .-ash balance, 3280,874,758; gold re
serve. 3244,843,623.
.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 22.— Consols. 106%®107; sll- '
ver, 27 11-16; French Rentes. lOOf 874 c; wheat
cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers apart: car- ;
goes on passage, quieter; Indian shipments
wheat to United Kingdom, 50,000 quarters; In
dian shipments wheat to Continent, 36,000 quar- j
ter*
LIVERPOOL. July 22.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d"'?6s Id; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, steady; weather
ln England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3? %d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western red. dull, 3s _4d; ,
No I Northern spring, dull. 5s 10*1; No. 1 Cal- j
ifornia. 6s i .;.-- Id. Futures, lower; July, 5s
64d- September, 5s S4d; December, 5s 9% 1
CORN— American mixed spot new, easy. 3s ■
44d- do old. quiet, 3s 4%d. Futures, quiet: ,
July, 3s 4d; September. 3s 44d; October. 3s
FLOUR— Louis fancy, dull. 7s 9d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 22.— Exchanges, $249,
--628; balances, $76,416.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 22.— Wheat dull; Walla
Walla 57^T>Sc; valley, 59c; blue stem, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. July Wheat was l
weaker and closed lc lower than the price which
has ruled for the week; club Is 67c and blue j
stem 60c. '_
LOCAL MARKETS. ■
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $( 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 884
Sterling Cables — 4 894
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 124
Mexican Dollars — «4@-0 .
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60% I
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago advanced on renewed hot j
weather and reported damage ln the North- •
west, the injury being placed at 23 per cent in ;
South Dakota and is per cent in Western Mm- j
nesota. But there wa3 no export Inquiry, and
the only demand was to fill shorts. The foreign I
markets were reported steady. Broomhall esti- I
mated the world's shipments at 6,000.000 hum- :
els. The bears started In to resell on a decline :
ln < '•-.' at St. Louis.
In the local market futures were weak, but
spot rices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@1 074: milling.
Jl fiS^Sl 124-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock December— !
4000 ctls. $1 13: 10,000, $1 124; 6000, Jl 12%. May
—10,000, Jl 164
Second Session— December— ctls. $1 13.
Regular Morning Session— ctls, Jl 184; ;
52.000. Jl 134. May— Jl 17.
BARLEY -Thong* spot feed was quoted low- j
er, there was no especial weakness, as the spot |
supply Is limited. The shippers are out of the
market and buyers are buying nothing to ar- j
rive.
Feed. new, »24@95c; Brewing, 87%c@$l! |
old Brewing, $1 o.©l 10; Chevalier. $1 124@1 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— I
ctls, S9c.
Second Session -Seller "9., new— 2ooo ctls, S7c;
4000, 87HC
Regular Morning Session- Seller '.9, new— |
4000 ctls, _7'<o; 2000, 87% c. December— 4ooo, j
S9'~ic.
OATS- The feeling Is steadier, with a better
demand. Quite a number of lots were sold
yesterday. New white are selling at Jl 3'V«.
J 45. and new red at Jl 074© 1 174 per ctl.
CORN— The market continues dull at the old
quotations. Small round Yellow. Jl SO^l 35;
Eastern large Yellow, $1 lOftl 15; White, Jl 10$
1 15; mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White,
J* 17451 224-
RYE— New is quoted at !>i'(i?24c per ctl.
There is a fair demand for shipment.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. . $3 60@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 ttQS 55; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbi for extra.
$3 25(g3 40 for bakers' and $2 2_4?3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour.' $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 £0; Rice Flour. J7; Cornmeal, $2 50: ex
tra cream Cornmeal. J3 25; Oatmeal. J4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. Jl 75: Hominy, J3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, .4.14 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, 14 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 66©6 95; In sacks J6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipt" of Hay were the largest yet, being
1033 tons, and the market was In bad shape in
consequence. Ruyers held off. and sales' were
insignificant. There was no further decline, but
the feeling was very weak.
Bran and .Middlings ruled firm at the quota
tions. ...
BRAN— JIS 50-316 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 606-19 50 per ton.
1 FEEDSTUFFS— ' Barley. |2I per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J27@28; jobbing. I
J2B 50'g 1 29; Cocoanut Cake. J20®21; Cornmeal. , 1
$"3 50ft 24 50; Cracked Corn. J24«25; Mixed Feed, ;
Jlst|l6'; Cottonseed Meal, $24(326 per ton. ! ]
H Wheat, $7@9 for good and J9 50 for ; (
choice; Wheat and Oat. J7OS 50: Oat. J6(BS:
Barley, $s'g'7; Island Barley, $5@6; Alfalfa, $5® l
7 50 per ton. . 1
' STRAW— per bale. (
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue flrm and active, with Pinks I
leading in point of activity. Seeds are with
out change.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90(g'2; Small White. tS 05® ,
2 15; Large White, $1 70@1 80; Pinks, $2 2532 35; ;
Reds, nominal: Biackej-e, $4 10@4 15; Butters, 1
nominal; l.tmas. J4 lo@4 15; l ea, $2 lu^fi 25; ,
Red Kidneys. J2 50 per ctl. - -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow ■
Mustard, 2%@3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed. ;
°%c per lb: Alfalfa, 54?34c; Rape. 3(ii34c;
Hemp. 44t_44c; Timothy, 4V«s.'*c. j
DRIED PEAS— $1 25«1 50; Green, $1 50 \
®2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is no further decline In Potatoes, but
the market Is weak and abundantly supplied. ;
Tomatoes continue high and firm. Corn Is :
steady. The other Vegetables are in free sup
ply and comparatively cheap.
POTATOES— Chiles, J15?l 25: Early;
Rose 75c® $1; Burbanks, 75CS-J1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— per ctl for SUversitlns.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75."'y$l 50 per box j
for ordinary and Jl 75©2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb. ,
2-'Snoc per box: Green , Peas, 2&24 c per lb:
String Beans. 2®3c; Lima Beans. sc: Cabbage.
u'l® 6oc; Tomatoes, .''-. 7.c per box; Rivers Jl -a
@1 75: Stockton, $1 75®2: Egg Plant. $I®l -■>; ;
Green Okra, 50c® Jl per box: Garlic. _J®3c:
Green Peppers, 23®50c for ■'bile and 75c©Jl -■>
per box for Bell; Carrots. SOfilOo per sack; Bay
Cucumbers. _5®25c; Summer Squash, 25c for
Bay; Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton; Green
Corn, :...-■.).;.;. per sack for Vacaville, _Jl 25® '
150 per crate for Alameda and 75®S5c for j
Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
-One or two cars of Eastern will go on the j
flrst of the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll®l2c for Gob- |
blers and ll®l2c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
@lSc; Geese, per pair, Jl®l 25; Goslings, Jl 25 ]
®1 50; Ducks. J3g4 for old and J4®s 50 for I
young; Hens. $4 50-?. 5 50; young Roosters. $5? 1
6; old Roosters, $47;., Fryers. $4 50;
Broilers, $3''e4 for large, *2 506- for small;
Pigeons, $1 30®2 per dozen for old and $1 50®2 j
for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues sluggish and weak, and the j
top quotation Is now extreme and*, more oc- i
casional than otherwise. The tendency is to- j
ward still lower prices. Eggs are steady and
Eastern are higher again. Cheese rules firm,
with Increasing sales over the quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20®21o; seconds,
19c
ij-alrj-— Fancy, 174®18c; good to choice. 16©
17c: store. 14<B 15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9c: old. 8-_.S4c:
Young America. 94® 10c; Eastern, 13®15c.
EGOS— Quoted at 16@19c for store and 20®
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 184®20c for
selected, 16®17c for No. 1 and 14'515c for sec- j
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices: j
Peaches. J2O for frees and .30 for clings; Apri- |
cots, J3o®-5 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears. $40(550 per ton; ;
Green and Yellow Plums. J20®25 per ton.
The canners are still working hard to break
Apricots, but with indifferent success, as 145
was paid on canning account yesterday. Some '
small off goods sold down to $20 for pie fruit.
Plums are ln lighter supply and flrm. Peaches
are quiet and easy, though there is no accumu
lation of stock. Nectarines, Figs and Grapes
continue scarce. Bartlett Pears are steady,
though there is some unsold stock from Sonoma |
on the market. . i
Melons still bring good prices, as the weather I
is in their favor and receipts are not large.
Berries are cheap but the feeling is steady, j
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples 35c65l per large box: Crabapples. 40 i
©50. for small and 66®75c for large box.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $3®4 per chest;.
Strawberries. J4®s per chest for small and $1 2..
■S3 for large berries: Raspberries $3|_ per
chest; Logan berries, $7®M per chest; Huckle- •
berries, 9® 10c per lb.
Watermelons, $B® 2o per 100. __. _„_
Cantaloupes 75c®Jl 25 per small box and 5-3
4 per crate; Nutmegs, 75cfIJ2 per box and
r °Gri_pes.' black and white, 50®750 per box and .
90ci.*l 2.7 per crate.
Currants. $:>'_6 per chest. ...
Green Pears 2. .' 'inoc per box, according to
size: Bartletts. 75c®$l 25 per box. _. s., )
Nectarines. 25g50c per box for white and Jl 1
3 Figs 50@75c for single and Jl 50®1 75 per box j
for double layers of black and for white.
Apricots, 25®60c per box.i
Peaches 13® 33c per box for common; Craw- i
fords 25®r.0e per box and 20®30c per basket; i
Sawyer's Seedlings. 40®50c per basket.
Plums, 25@50c per box; Prunes, 60350 c per
crate. . . _ ..__.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. Jl®3;
Lemon-* 73c3Jl 50 for common and J2®3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. J4: California ;
Llmeo per small box: Bananas. Jl 50®2 50
per bunch; Pineapples. $132 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS,
There seems to be some confusion as to the
situation In Prunes. A wire from New York
reports Visalia Prunes offering there at 2%c
for the four sizes, while In the Santa Clara
Valley the driers are bidding $30 for the raw
fruit; which Is equivalent to *4<" for the dried j
product. The large size of the fruit this year
may account for this apparent discrepancy, but
the gap between the two figures Is wide, to say
the least. Possibly there is a mistake some-
The only change In quotations is a decline
in Evaporated Apples, which are expected to go I
still lower- on account of the size of the crop. ,
Honey is" Arm at a slight advance.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, «4c for
40-50' 5c for 50-60's, 4c for 60-70's, 34®3%c for i
70-SO - s, 2V&34C for SO-90's, 24 i S2»*c for 90-100'
and 2«24c for 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. In
sacks 'V' for 40-50's. 54c for 50-60's. 44- per
lb for 80-70*8, 3%c for 70 80*8, ."*'■<.• for SO-90 - s
and 2\C for 90-100. "»: Apricots. Sialic for Royals
and 1143124 c for Moorparks; Peaches, -@S4e;
Evaporated Apples, 7 -_-'';^.-; Sun-dried, 54®
6c per lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4\c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 44ig6c for Seedless
Su'tanas. 34c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for London layers: Dried Grapes, 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c. per lb; Walnuts, s®Bc
for hardshell. lC®llc for eortsnell; Chile Wal
nuts. 11® 12c: Almonds, new crop. 74c for
Languedoe and 94c for paper-shell- Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern and -%96c for Califor- 1
nia; Cocoanuts, $4 .".035.
HONEY— Comb, 114* for bright and 104 c for |
light amber; water white extracted, 74-i?74c;
light amber extracted, 64®7c; dark," 54. ■•
per lb.
BEESWAX-^26®27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues in good shape for sell- ,
ers; being firm, with an active demand' for '
most descriptions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, . 84c per lb for
heavy, 9g9V_c for light medium, llc for light.
124 c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13i_-134c; Califor
nia Hams, 12®12V_c; Mess Beef. «13 per bbi;
extra Mess Beef, Jl4; Family Beef. J15@15 50;
extra Prime Pork, Jl2 50: extra clear, Jl6 50;
mess, 415315 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5-4©514.C per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; naif barrels, pure,
74c: 10-lb tins. S4c; 5-lb tins, S4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@64c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 ln a case, 94c; ;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 6-lb polls. 12 ln a
case. 84c; 10-lb palls, 6 ln a case, S%c; 50-lb ,
tins, 1 or 2 In a caee. 74c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 84c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. .7..
. HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavj- salted
steers, 10@104c; medium, 9394 c; light. 9c; j
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®30c each; short
Wool, 354160 c each; medium, 70®90o; long Wool,
90CSJ1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $232 25 for
large and $1 25®1 50 for small; Colts, 2-.<_jsoc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@44c per lb; No.
2, 3@34c; refined. ; grease. 2®24c. l
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and.
Southern, 7 months, 8®llc; Foothill and North
ern free, 11014 c; Foothill and Northern defect- :
ive. 9® lie; Nevada, ll®14c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10®12c; do defective. '''.tSc; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 164® Valley Oregon. 17®
18c; Eastern Oregon, 12314 c for choice and 9® i
H4c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 17.1T174c per rb; 1899 crop. .
124513 c bid and refused.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Mutton are rather easy at the quo
tations. Veal continues unsettled, while Hogs
are aa^flnji as ever and scarce.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7QSc per lb for Steers and 64®70 for
Cows.
VEAL— S'&IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; Ewes, 64c per lb.
LA MB— Spring, sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@54c for small. 6c
for medium and 54«*5Hc for large: stock Hogs
and Feeders. 54c; dressed Hogs, 7®S4c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Verj' stiff: Calcutta Grain Bags, _%o; j
Wool Bags, K®2Bo; San Quentin Bags, nomi- '
nal.
Wellington, J8 per ton: New Welling
ton $8: Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle, J6; i
81-, ; ant, $6; Coos Ray. $5; allsend. $7 50: f
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $9 in bulk and $10 50 j
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12: j
Cannel, fS per ton; Rock Springs and Castle [
Gate, $7 60; Coke. 812 per ton in bulk and 814 I .
ln sacks. ' 1 1 ;
SUGAR— The Western Sutter -Hefltiliig Com- s .
panv quotes, terms net cash, ln 100-lb Dags: j 1
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. o%c;
Powdered, 3%c: Candy Granulated. 64c; Dry
Granulated 6%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Call
fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c: «
Golden C. 44c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, -
%c more; boxes, 4c more; 50-lb bags, 4c more. 1
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its ''
equivalent. Domlnos. half -barrels, 6%0; boxes, (
64c per lb. '
i
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. '-, J
For Saturday. July 22. j
Flour, qr sks .... 7,121 Eggs, dor H. 838 >
Wheat, ctls 77 77- Straw, tons 5 •
Barley, ctls 42.0SS|Hay, tons 1.033 J
Oats, ctls 3.754 Wool, bags 101 >
Corn, ctls 125; Powder, car 1 '
Rye, ctls 66SlWlne. gals 52.100
\ Butter, ctls 308 Leather, rolls .. li ; '
Cheese, ctls 30 'Hides. No 266 1 I
I Potatoes, sks 3, Pelts, bdl« 56 1
Onions, sks I'a; .-r. reams .. 804 *
1 Bran, sks 439 Lime, bbls IX. 1
Middlings, sks... 309 Raisins, boxes .. 347
I Shorts, sks 235 I
OREGON. \
; Wheat, ctls (S3
THE STOCK- MARKET.
There was a good business ln securities for
Saturdaj', though fluctuations were narrow.
Market Street Railway was firm.:- at $62@-2 25 i
Mining stocks were not materially changed,
and sales were light. ' The telegram from the
pump said: -Elevator No. 1 has been work
ing continuously. At 6:30 this morning the '
water was down 8 feet 4 Inches below the 1.30- ;
foot level station." '
The Coast Development Company of Tuo- .
lumne County has levied an assessment of 3 j
cents per share, delinquent August 21 ;
The Marguerite Gold Mining and Milling J
Company of Placer County has levied an as- '
sessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent ,
August 2S.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANOS. '
SATURDAY, July 22—2 p. m. !
Ask. | Bld.Ask. -
Bonds— [-Mutual El Co. — 15%
4s quar coup.. — Oakland Gas.. 47 474
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 71 — .
4s quar new.. — — Pa* LCo 42 — .
3s quar coup.. loß 16.% SFG ft E.... 71 — '
Miscellaneous— -an Fran .... 34 3% '
Cal-st Cab .ss. 114 — Stockton Gas.. 12 — ,
C C Wat 55... 110 — Insurance —
EL A P 65. ...1304 — Firem's Fund. — 2274 -
F ft Cl Ry 68.1164118 Bank Stocks—
Gearj'-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal — 70
H C & S 545. 1074 — Bank of Cal... — 295
L A Ry 55.... - 1074 <al S D & T.. — 98 .
L A LCo 65.. 99 — First Nationl.22o 237
Do gntd 65.. 99 — |Lon Pft A. ...1294— ,
Do gntd 55..— 100 Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st 65.. 1264 — iNev Nat Bk. . .ISO —
Do Ist M u5. 116 — I Savings Banks—
NC N G 75. 109 — Ger S & L..1615 —
N Ry Cal 65.. — 114 (Hum S ft L.1050 1160 M
N R of Cal 55. 114 — [Mutual Say.. 334 **4 i
NPC R R 6s. — — 6 F Say D 495 —
NPC R R ss. — 1054 Sft L 50.... — 85
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 300
O G L ft H 55. 11 l — (Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt 65.110 1104 Street Railroads—
Om C Ry .127 130 . California ....116 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 1044 — 'Geary 60 — .
P A O 6s 116 — IMarket-st 624 624
Powell-st 65... 1224 Oak S LftH. — —
Sac El Rv ss. — — Presidio — 16
S F ft N T ss. — 1134' Powder—
SF& SJV 6s. — 1164 California .... — —
Sierra R Cal .s.iosu, — JR Dynamite... — y |
S Pof A 65... 1114 — Giant Con Co. 714 71% I ■
S P C 65(1905).H2 112%. Vlgorit 2v_ 34
S P C 88.1906). — 11441 Sugar—
S P C 65(1912). — 1224 Hana P C 0.... 17% 17**
SRC ls eg ss. — 1074 Haw CftSC. 95 —
SPBr 6s — - Hutch S P Co. 324 324
S V Wat 68....115141 M', Kilauea S Co. — 32
S V Wat 45.... 1044 — Makawell SC. 47% —
BY W 4s(3rm)lol 1014 Onomea S Co. 40 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 — Paauhau S P.. 39% 39%
Water Stocks— l Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 74% 74% Al Pac Assn. .lls 11-4
Marin Co .... 50 — Ger Ld Wk5.. 250 —
Spring Valley. lol%lo2 'Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. — 914
Capital Gas...— — IPacAFAy... 1% -
Central G Co.. — — j rue C Bor Co. — V._
Cent L ft P... 64 — I Par Paint Co.. 84 —
Eqult Gls Co. — 5 1
Morning Session.
Board— -,-«*>
5 Alaska Packers' Assn '» 00
50 Contra Costa Water <o 00
60 Contra Costa Water, b 5 (5 00
70 Contra Costa Water i « ',;.
50 Contra Costa Water <1 .--
--100 Equitable Gas _•»'.'
175 Giant Powder Con « -__
25 Giant Powder Con n '.'..
50 Giant Powder Con *i «^-2
123 liana Plantation Co 17 -.'
--125 ■ ma Plantation Co J« y
50 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 9.. 00
7" Hutchinson S P Co S3 00
100 Makaweli *' £
20 Market Street Railway 62 00
50 Market Street Railway 62 2d
27 Oceanic B s Co 91 00
ir.r* Onomea Sugar Co JO -'
36 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co 1 2..
137 Spring Valley Water 102 OO
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board __.
20 Market Street Railway 61 '-
15 Market Street Railway '■- 00
4 ' Hana Plantation Co 1* •■>
82000 S V Water 1 per cent bonds (3dmi.l'il 2.*
"27. Paauhau S P C 33 75
20 Contra Costa Water 7» 2.-*
75 Contra Costa Water 75 124
65 Contra Costa Water 75 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— .
10 Contra Costa Water 75 124
50 Contra Costa Water 75 25
70 Equitable Gas * «a
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
20 Hutchinson S P Co 33 374
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 107 00
$0 Onomea Sugar Co 40 30
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 23
35 Makawell <* *•>
230 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 17 4" : Con Cal ft Va.2 05
100 Belcher 23 200 Con Cal ft Va.2 10
100 Best ft Belcher 56 200 Gould ft Curry 39
in. Challenge 25 600 Justice 07
300 Chollar 26. 400 Potosl 34
Following were the sales in the Paclflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
550 Andes IT I 200 Ophir 1074
230 Andes 18 200 Ophir 105
200 Bullion "'■• ''■"■ Potosi 53
6"0 ■liar 26 3CO Potosl 53
200 Con Cal ft V.2 "74 HOO Potosi 52
200 Con Cal ft V...2 06 300 Yellow Jacket. 34
300 Hale ft Norers 3-7 '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July 22—12 m.
Bld.Ask. I Bid.Ask. j
Mpha (1 3 04 Justice 07 OS
Alta 08 lOJKentuck 03 05 1
Andes .. 16 17! Lady Wash — 01 02
Belcher 23 2. Mexican 52 53 I
Best ft Belcher 50 52 Occidental 24 26
Bullion 09 10 Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 69 60 Overman 11 12 1
Chollar 27. 26 1 Potosi 51 53
challenge Con. 23 26 Savage 22 23
Confidence ... S3 '■" Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal ft Va.2 00 7 05 1 Sen Belcher ... 07 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 59 CO
Crown Point... 24 26 Silver Hill .... 01 03
Eureka Con ... 50 — Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. — 01 Standard 228 —
Exchequer .... — 04 St. Louis 10 —
Gould ft Curry 3? 39 Union Con .... 36 33 j
Hale ft Norers 33 35 Utah 11 13
Julia • 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 33 34
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week. I
Name of Stock. M. IT. ( W. jT.jF. j S.
AU^rTTTT./. I 03; 03 03 i M 03
25, 0? a os
Andes'" '.'.'■'. 1«| 16 17 16 I" 17
Belcher 26 25 26 26 26j 25
Best & Belcher . >4! 55 all o4 nli 51
Bullion 1? OS 10 -' '"' 09 "
Caledonia Sol 64 2 63| 62| 39
;:r:r.:::::: 25 2) 23 ' 2;; 25 i -•">
Cho lar • 30! 34 35 33; 2s! 26
Con Cal & Va :::::::::::- 10J2 10,2 10 2 06 2 10[2 10
Confidence 85 S5 85 85 851 85
Crown Point 26 28 26 25 24! 24
Gould & Curry 41 40 41 3^ *0 39
Hale * Xorcrosa 35 41 40 38 35 33
Justice , 07 07 07| 07 08 07
Mexican ' M uij 55 u4 "2 a3
,>,,], lr 1 151 15 |1 *>!! 10 1101 05
Overman M 1- 12 12 111 11
Occidental - 7 25 27 1 251 25) 25
p otosl '::::: S3 60 61 26 *J 22
'Savage ! -" " • '-■■ -• :
Standard « 1012 40 3 35 2 3612 20 ]
Pier«-a Nevada 62 M 63 61 611 59 i
Union ! *» 40 ■'"' 3PJ 361 37 j
Utah 12 12 121 12! 11 11
Yellow Jacket 33 38 1 33] 34 M 33
Nn me of Stock.
REAL ESTATE THAN ci ACTIONS. |
Estate of William Sharon (by Francis G. !
Newlands, trustee) to Mountford B. Wilson. all .
i interest in following: Lot on NW corner of
El Dorado and Kansas streets, N 400, W ISO.
: SE 435:4.8 E IS; lot on NW corner of Alameda
and Kansas streets. N MS by W 200; $1.
Laura and Harry T. Blackwood to Joseph B.
Corvell lot on SW. corner of Kansas and New
; Channel streets. S 110 by W 100; $10.
Joanna M. Wright, Elizabeth Blackwood,
■ Emily J. Wilson. John E. and Nelly C. Mason
' and San Francisco. and Fresno Land Company
to same, same, excepting portion used by
! Southern Pacific Company; $10.
Joseph B. Coryell to Seattle Brewing and j
i Malting Company, same; $10.
Lars P. Johnson to Augusta A. Johnson, lot j
on W line, of Mississippi street, 7- S of Butte,
a 25 by w «:•; gift-
San Francisco Land Company (a corporation) |
to John, Delia and Julia Monica, tot on NE
corner of .California street and Eleventh aye- |
nue. E 32:6 by N 100: $10.
Thomas and Margaret Jennings to George.
Thomas Jr. and Abigail Jennings and Mary |
Jennings Kingston, lot on E line of Tenth aye- I
nue, Tin S of I street S 175 6J-E 120; also lots i
>,*■s. Drirartd^." Flint Tract: also lot 35. Ser- j
ial Homestead Association; $10.
:- Alameda County.
Henry Rolln to Bridget Rolln. lot on NW
:orner of William and Peraita streets. W 65:8,
S* 52:8.4. E 81:6*4 S 55:6 to beginning, being
lot 10, block 49?, Gibbons property. Oakland: .
ilso lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street. 122 E ;
it Adeline E 32 by S 100. being a portion of lot i
r, block 683, Watts Tract, map 2. Oakland;
lis. * lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street, 6:3 E
3f Magnolia. E 36 by S I'M; block 881. Watts 1
rract, Oakland: also lot on S line of Thirty
sixth street. 81:3 E of Magnolia. E 7*2 by S .100.
being the E 52 feet of lot 6. block GSI. Watts
rract, Oakland; also lot on SW c/*rner of Ade
line and Thirty-sixth streets. S 100 by W 123.
being lot 7, block 6.1. same. Oakland, quit-
Malm deed ; $10.
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee to- J. S. Meyers.
lot on S line of Alden avenue. 140 W of West
-treet W 7£ by S 140. being lots M. 11 and 12.
block' A. man of Henry subdivision of Wit- ,
-her, Brockhurst and Roland Tracts, Oak- i
land; $10. '
H L. Holcomb to Henry W. Roessner, lot on \
3 corner of Howe and Howard streets. SE 125
by SW 30, being lot 4. block F. Thermal Hill.
formerly the How* Tract. Oakland: $10. ;
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Harry E.
Adams, lot on W line of Adeline street, 40 8 ;
of Sixteenth, 9 35 by W 110, block 5... Oak
land; $10. , ,
Italian-Swiss Mutual Loan Association to !
Marie R. Kuhn. lot on S line of Sutter street,
138 W of Lowell. W 3S. 9 77.-2. E 38, N ...30 to
beginning-, being; lot 6, block D, J. E. MC-
Elrath Tract. Oakland: $10. i
Louisa A. Montague 'by H. B. Montague, at
torney) to Lin-v J. Hazeltlne, lot on V line
.)f Filbert street 99:8 N of Tenth. N 40 by. W
125. being a portion of lot 4. block E. Oakland ;
Central Homestead. Oakland: $10. -,,, i
Andy L. Stone to W. B. and Anna H. Mallck, |
lot on SE line of Orchard avenue. 100 SW of |
Sunny Side street, SE 140 by NE 100, being lots ,
21 and 22, Marlon Tract, Brooklyn Township; ,
$10. <,
F. Mathiesen to Mary Floyd, lot beginning
at NW corner of Leonard Tract, thence NE i
along SE line of county road No. SIS 5.* feet, |
thence SE to N line of right of way of C. P. ,
R. R. Co., thence SW to SW corner of said
tract, NW 180 to beginning, being portion of
Leonard Tract, town of Livermore, Murray
Township ;, $S.
John H. Wise to same. lot on S line of county ,
road survey No. 818, leading from Livermore
to Stockton, and at NE corner lands of Keeley. j
thence NE 160:6, S 164* W 182. N* 82:6 to be- .
ginning, same, Murray Township; $150.
Wiliam J. Holland to Dennis Holland. lot on
5 line of Mead avenue. 225 W. of San Pablo. |
W 2.7 by S 125.70. being lot 56, Map of .Mead ,
Park. Oakland; $10.
B. Tanehen to Delia McDonald, lot on N line j
of Milton street. 125 W of San Pablo avenue.
W 2D by N 100, being the W half of lot 16. Mil- j
ton Tract. Oakland; $10.
William N. Price to Maggie Price, lot on N
line of Mariposa street, 226:8 W of Grove, W ;
2.7 by N 135. being the W 27, feet of lot 11.
block 2, McKee Tract. Oakland; $10.
Maurice Wurts to Fannie V. Marsh (wife of !
J. A. lot on S line of Sylvan way, 1«2 Wof I
College avenue. W 41. SE 96, NE 41, NW 98 to j
beginning. Berkeley: $10.
John and Margaret Taylor to John E. Taylor j
Jr., lot on SW line of connty road from Oak
land to San Leandro and Tevls street. W 18:7. •
S 195:1, N 194.20. block 775, C. C. Clay's sub- '
division block 772 and fractional blocks 728,
7.74. 747, 751 to 7." and 756, Levy and Lane
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $150.
A. and Gustafva A. Wimberg to Edward P. I
Heald. lot beginning at a point 118.35 NW from
NW line of Twenty-third avenue and 150.78 j
N from NE line of Twenty-second street, S
50, W 29, N 50, E 29 to beginning, being portion .
of lot 16 on map of subdivision of Heald
Twenty-third Avenue Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Dennis A. Landregan to Dora M. Landregan, i
lot 6. block 3. Curtis Tract. Berkeley; gift.
John H. .Tenet*, (trustee estate W. C. Belcher) '
to University of Vermont (a corporation) of j
city of Burlington, Vt.. undivided quarter in- l.
terest ln blocks 37. 38. 45 and 45, map of Ala- i
meda surveyed by J. T. Stratton In 1883, Ala- |
meda; also property In San Francisco and other .
counties: $10.
Laura E. Austin to Frank A. Wallin, lot on
S line of Railroad avenue. 100 W of Walnut
street, W 50 by 9 217:8. being lot 12. block 23.
lands adjacent to Enclnal, subject to a mort
gage, Alameda; $10. |
Howard Havens to Howard Cummings Hav-'
ens, lot on N line of San Antonio avenue, where I
same Is intersected by the dividing line between
the Chipman E 111.687-Acre Tract and Fitch an.',
Shan Tract, N 124.92 by E 86.6, being portion
of lot i. Teutonia Park Homestead, and E por- |
tion of lots 181, IS2 and 183. Enclnal Park Tract,
Alameda: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of lot 180. En
clnal Park Tract, distant 150.15 E of Caroline I
street, >i 50, E 85 -7. SW 50. W 61.25 to begin- :
ning, being the E portion ■' lot ISO, Enclnal !
Park Tract. Alameda: 81.
*—^^*^"" — - ... — = i
TIME BALL.
Branch Hj'drographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer- |
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 22. IS!*9.
Thr time ball on the tower of the new Ferry ;
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 12'Hh meridian, or at !
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. I.' S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. r. ■'-;
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JULY 23.
;in rises .>.')■>
un sets 7:27
toon rises 7:51 p. m.
3 Time! Time ITlme iTtmei
» 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L. Wl H W L. W iH W
~. 5:40-1.1! 12:40 B.j| 5:34 2. s! 11:40 8.3
» .. ' 6:al— 0.81 I:t6 5.4 8:» 2.0 '.£..
- ' o:^4 5.9 : 7:01'-A.4 1:55 5.5 7* 1 9
',; ' ■ l:J0 5.5 1 7-4.-. n.2 ! 2:34 ! 5.8 «:29; 1.5
T 2:30 ♦.»! B"2 ).g "14 5.7 r «:"!' 1.2
g ■ 3;3« 4.4 9:191 1.4 4:001 5.8 10:10! 0.0
r . . ! 4:5fl 4.0 W ■ " 5.8 11:",2 0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the.
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
giver, are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Punol Grays Harbor IJuly 22
Homer FBt. MJrhae' 'July??
Bristol Ineparture Bay IJuly 23
Fulton 'Portland : — July 23
Santa. Rosa if^n l>ie*o July z.i
Slam INanaimo July 24
State CallfornlalPortland July 24
Crescent Clty..|Crescent City July 24
North Fork Hiimhnl.it July 24
.Weeott illumboldt i.Tuly 24
Arcata ICoos Bay July 24
Willamette 'Seattle July 24
Aloha Point Arena .July 25
Coos Bay Newport July IS
Bertha Ist. Michael [July 25
Chap Nelson. ..lSt Michael 'July IS
Tmatllla ivi tnrla & Puijet SoundUnlv ■>«
Pomona IHumboldt iJuly 2«
Corona 'San Dieso July 27
Oz.ir'na I'Uifet s ur"* '.It'v ■;?
Wellington [Departure Bay July 28
Moana iSyoney ; .Juiv '■>
Point Arena — Point Arena July 28
City of Peking. China and Japan [July t*
Columbia (Portland ..[July V*
Flonlta Newport July 2)
Curacao 'Mexico [July 29
Coquille River.. l rays Harbor July 30
Gaelic 'China and Japan July 30
City of Sydney. I Panama 'July 30
City of Puebla. I Victoria &■ Puget Sound! July 31
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. : Pl«r.
Cleveland ..|Puget Sound.. July 23, 9 am! Pier 2
Pomona ... -Humboldt jJuly 23. 2 pmtPier »
Rent iv»wpori .»-iiv •*, « :im lp i»r ''
Sunol [Grays Harbor! July 24, i pm Pier 13
Pi Arena.. iHoint Ar»na...iuiy 14. If pmiFier I
Weeott IHumboldt July 2,". 2 Pier 12
Buita RosalSan Diego July 25. 11 am Pier 11
Writs W«II" r '" * pr-t Sd.'.T.ilv ">- in nm'Pl^r 1
Fulton 'Humboldt 'July M, 10am|Pier 20
Australia .^Honolulu tulv 2fi. ypmPl»r ;
Arcata Coo* Bay ■ ■ July ?fi. lii am Pl«r ' ;
America M. ■•"Ti'nn * Japan , u!y 2fl. I pmIPMSS
Aloha Point Arena. July 27, 3x>mlPler 2
State of Cal Port mud (July ii. 1« aimFi^r Zi
Coon Bay...l.Vewport J'lly 27. 9 amipifr 11
Colon .. ! Panama forty 8, 1 pm'.PMSS
Corona San Dl<»co July 29. 11 am Pier 11
TTmatllla .. Vie * Pet M. July 30. 10 amlPier 9
Columbia ..'[Portland I Aug. 1. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
I Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July 22.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Cleone. Hlggins, 20 hours from Nee. lie
Rock.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 14 hours from
Greenwood, bound to Port Los Angeles; put in
to land passengers.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, S3 hours from
Tacoma.
SAILED.
Saturdaj-. July 22.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse, Honolulu.
Schr Sparrow, Dam. Eureka.
Schr La Gironde. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
CHARTERS.
The Amelia and H D Bendixen load lumber at
Port Blakeley for Honolulu; Wrestler, railroad
ties at Noyo for Guayaquil, Bis 3d; Luclle, coal
at Departure Bay for Honolulu.
The 1 Invercoe was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe, Sos.
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer,
Will sell as a whole the famous ANTIQUAR-
IAN BOOK STORE Of S. WYATT, 1728 MAR-
KET ST., on TUESDAY, July 25, 1889", at 12
o'clock noon.
SPOKEN.
July 2, lat 9 N. lon 27 W-Br ship Troop, from
Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. July Wreck of the ship John
R Kelley was sold on June 17 for £28».
- TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HONGKONG — Arrived July 22— Stmr Ta
coma, from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 22— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July Stmr Staten
dam. from Rotterdam.
■ Sailed July 22— Stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Um
bria, for Liverpool; stmr Marquette, for Lon
don; stmr La Bretagne, for Havre; stmr Am
sterdam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 22— Stmr Areata
hence July IS. July IS— Schr Gotama. hence
July l: schr Five Brothers, hence July 6.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed July 21 — Schr
Dauntless, for Guaymas: schr Azalea, for San
Diego; schr Lettitia. for San Diego.
PORT TOWNSEND— July 22— Schr
Dora Bluhm. for San Francisco: bktn Portland,
for Olj-mpia; Chil bark Lake Leman, for Port
Blakelej'.
PORT GAMBLE— July 21— Stmr New
burg, hence Julj- 15.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived July 22— Stmr
Brunswick, from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 21— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW. TORK— Arrived July 21— Stmr* Athos,
from Colon..
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— Arrived July 7— Br ship Royal
"Forth, from Newcastle. NSW.
Sailed July 20— Stmr City of Sydney, for San
Francisco. July 17— Stmr Acapulco, for Pa
nama.
COLON— Arrived July 19— Stmr Advance, fra
New York.
Sailed July 19— Stmr Alllanca, for New York.
IQUlQUE— Arrived July 19— Br ship Auld
glrth. from Antofogasta,
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived July 8— ship
Heler.sburg. to load for San Francisco*
Sailed June 30— Fr bark General de Chare«%
for San Francisco. *
ANTWERP— SaiIed July 19— ship Mussel
crag, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior July 21— Stmr Ta
coma. from Tacoma.
Sailed July 15— Br stmr Belgian King, for
San Francisco. July IS— Stmr China, for San
Francisco. *
PEN A RTH— July 22— Br ship Austra
lian, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July B— Nor stmr Thyra,
for San Francisco. July 19— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru. for San Francisco. _
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
fwVi,^ wharf. Fan Francisco:
1 l__fi_H-___ For Alaskan ports, 10 a m..
i !___Pg__!%____, July "'- ''''• Auijust *• chan «
1 ___K_a_W S_f For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
. f____7_j_2t!__£_fc_ C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Ir^^^___S__s__l Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
* and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., July 23, 30. August
4 and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. _ „ •_ _ ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., July
23. 28. August 2. and every fifth day there-
after. _, _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota ' - Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
Sj_n Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. July 22. 27. 31, Auerust 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dtego. stopping only at Fort Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m. July 25. 2.. August 2. and every fourth day
1 Fo-^EttMOada. Maedalena Ray. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gem Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
.PO-R.TL.A.IISriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $«2 First Class Including Bert*
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
State of California sails July 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
: E. C. WARD. General Agent.
63 Market streeL
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
BK!_R/rH-A_,
Carrying U. S. Mail.
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
above points, making prompt connections with
our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further Information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
AMERICAN LINE-
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.... August 2 'New York ... August 2J
St. Louts August 9] St. Louis August 30
St. Paul August 1.1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Adrla July _>' j Kensington ....Aug. 18
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st. . or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallinir.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. July 28
HONGKONG \fARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
__-09__k-_99__H_Syi_Mn The S. S. Australia
__P?*_4WSffliliS!*a«lB tor Honolulu
Sr__J_>rlffl"___i Wednesday. July 2..
PanMßfl The -S.- S. Australia
SfflWlf'sal'.s for Honolulu
t *■■■■* Wednesday, July 28.
™ at. 2 p. m.
33 IrSf \Trs_y^ c>v g. S. ilo;iria satis
3^»§EamshipJ vla Honolulu y and
tfCdllDlliV^ Auckland for Sydney
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.: $-10 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPA3NIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQOS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. yr^co.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a m. <^rar *>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -*f__TvJ 77.
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, July 29; LA
TOURAINE. August 5: LA CHAMPAGNE.
August 12: LA BRETAGNE. August 19; LA
NORMANDIE, August 26. First-class to
Havre. $«.. and up— ard. 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second-class to Havre. -43. 10
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York! J. F. FUGAZI & CO . Pacific Coast
.\ ,-..■••= ' Montgomery aye.. Pun Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAHEB3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dailj'. returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Mart- SOS.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
daj-s, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street .Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
i FARE 800
. " - ..._.- ■•'..- --•-■-. ..,-.- ."-." :.'-'
1920
ORDERS ISSUED
TO GUARDSMEN
ARE VERY SLOW
The Military Board Is
Missing.
— < —
COMPANIES ARE MUSTERED
♦ — -
ORGANIZATIONS LACK FUNDS
POR TRANSPORTATION.
♦
A Suggestion That the Second Bri
gade Turn Out to Receive the
Fighting California
Volunteers.
— ♦
There Is some complaint that ♦'" orders
from headtjiiart ers— that Is, the general
licrs — are very, very slow, and that of
od deal of.inforn.ation that would be of j
crest to guardsmen Is given out so that j
the time it reaches those entitled to ]
:e ive the same it is like ancient history,
is claimed that an effort is being made
superior headquarters Jo pattern after
i United States army headquarters, but
ise who Icnow the workings of both of
?s say that, the patterning Is after, but
ong way after, the regular my. They
.o say that promptness in all matters
inected with the guard is another of
ise matters that the adjutant general
11 have' to take lessons in.
n 1595 there was passed a law which
I • _3"4des that "there shall be a board of
ree officers; to be detailed by the com
mder-in-chief, which board shall meet
im time to time, but at least once a
ar. for the purpose of considering Mild
■ommending to the con.mander-in-ehief
iat; ih their judgment) is most urgently I
luired for uniforming and equipping th- !
ard from time to timel',-' l'nder that act J
> then commander-in-chief on -• item- |
./-_. detailed Colonel Currier; of the di
:ion staff. Colonel Fairbanks of the
fth Infantry and Colonel Nuhan of the
;th Infantry. This board organized, held
-etings. and presented a report on the
ii of that month; but it is said that
such a board no longer exists, for all the
officers are but of the guard, two of them
for a considerable length, of tune. None
<*f the officers of the guard in this city
have any recollection of any order dis
solving that board and appointing another
to take its place, and there are none who ;
can call to mind any meeting in a year
past h.-ld for the purpose of recommend
ing what, in their judgment; is most ur
gently required. There are a number of
guardsmen who want to know if the j
board, like many other things in the j
guard, lias simply been dropped.
Jt was suggested to some of the com
manding officers of companies of ihe Sec-;
ond Brigade that the companies ought to
bo ordered out to receive the First Cali
fornia upon its return from Manila, as
the lighting regiment is part of the bri
gade. Those who were spoken to favored
the suggestion, but declared that they
have not the means to meet the expense
of transportation and subsistence while on
that duty. The matter has been called to
the attention of Brigadier General War
field of that brigade, and he stated that
he would give the subject consideration;
3t is possible that some means may be
found to bring the men irom San Jose,
Santa Rosa. San Rafael. Petaluma and
other points to take part in tne big pa
rade.
The Signal Cor; of the Second Brigade
has decided to discaru the yellow trim
mings heretofore worn and auo-.t the
same trimmings worn by that branch of j
The service in the United Stat* army,
which is black. An order for the change :
has been Issue**.
At a recent meetine- of tl.*> Signal Corps
in the armory on Ellis street the mem
bers were visited by Sergeants Jurs and j
Knapp of the First Company. United
States Volunteer Signal Corps, who re
turned with the Oregonians. Both were |
members of the local corps at the time i
sif enlistment, and th* make four of the |
five who enlisted from the corps and have :
returned to this city. The fifth. Emmett
Jones, was at last accounts till at the
Philippines. Some time during the week
the two returned volunteers will be ten- I
dered a reception at the armory. Ser- j
geant .lurs was the engineer of the" famous
tlnclad steamer Laguna de Bai, which i
Was such a terror to the Filipinos.
There has been a cleaning up of the j
Tolls of the several companies of the Fifth
Infantry; and as a result tifty-eight men !
Jiave been discharged from the service for
various causes.
The following changes among the com- :
missioned officers in the Seventh Regi- I
ment are noted: Robert Wankowski, re- !
elected captain of Company A: Arthur W. ;
■Bradley, first lieutenant of Company A. j
[Vice Bates, term expired; Samuel Craw- |
CAPTAIN LOUIS H. TURNER of Naval Militia.
ford, second lieutenant of Company A.
vice Allen, term expired; Richard V.
Dodge, re-elected captain of Company B;
George T. Lcmmon, first lieutenant Corn
ppiivß vice. Brown, deceased; John M.
Smith, second lieutenant, Company B. vice
Mielki term expired: Frank L. Reynolds,
re-elected captain of Company 1-' Solo
mon H- Finicy, re-elected captain of Com
pany 1-. - , ,
Frank L. Sargent has been commis
sioned lieutenant; junior grade; third divis
ion naval militia, vice Morgan, resigned.
Companies F. and 11. Seventh Regiment
Infantry, having failed to report with
The minimum number of mem within the
time specified In the act of the last held
I p__i«lature. have been mustered out of
■Pi-vice but the company commanders
will not be relieved on their bonds until
'v., time as satisfactory settlement has
been ma.!- with the adjutant general for
all property and money received by them
£ r r™T th ouHer;0 uHer; captain Company A. Fifth
Infantry who having with a 45-caliber
Rnrintrflieid rifle made an aggregate score
nf Mat the three distances 300 and
fior. yards. has been awarded the first prize
Vf' (.tar set shoot, and F. W. Mixter.
wriest Company E. Sixth Infantry, hav
ing scored an aggregate of 63, has been
Thais' 1 Kfdisc d vc P rfd e at headouarters !
It has been discovered at headouarters
Hales. I Hales. j Salens. |^_ Hales. | _^JK^— ~~~— l~ _^^^— . -^^^jjjjj^
tl;e"«eas..n for i-kirts and suits: 2 lines the T^^ar~~-| ___f_i^^^ f'w&S^ 'JSH^~ b^--— rrr^\ bb^ ''By S^«_." ' WWW L--ySsr# clean-up this week.. .... ss ' c
\ -_ 'inches wide; these were Jl 25; the assortment cwiptfj c^/'Vt'^ ~ '^ — — " -yy. \**lfalß&*zy <fff_— r -r^ <^ \ /fill J9^ [f^~L} y : ladies' and Children's Handkerchief-— Pure
f is broken and the price is cut to close at the JSs^ss. \VJ*[V '-. v^s_*"KV JL yj^ '^^^_____^~f ____*^T : \ *" — ' / fyfjj' white hemstitched; fancy openwork comers:
f clean-up **<>« l^Ss^^xbV^ "V %^J ?l__^-^ — : -^^^______^- z^'^ Ssa^__ =1 ») \_yjf£' al'O with colored borders and colored figures In
>V^ir> _3— -^ X^e_^ te?^ the center; neat as wax; at Hale's clean-up this
Fancy Suitings— Many lines of our popular N._>- week 5c
J $1 suitings show broken assortments: these .
. m^&MI^WM . EIGHT SNAPS FOR LADIES. THE LACECURTAIN CLEAN-UP. gSCsbili'll
V Hale's clean-up this week 50c yard ■-. ... . » . , , . _- -  . _ ._. * the snaps at Hale's clean-up this week
X ' Turning goods into cash — prices made to keep things humming store A snap p. eked up by our tastern buyer. Some other lots, too. that ada to 5c yard
' ,b S^^cffiSSl^'lSj full of interest' for money-savers. ' the interest. " MC yards Colored Embroidery-From lto 4
} that: a^.'^^ a i^i?t^^^e wh Children's Muslin Drawers-Good heavy soft finish muslin: well made: felled seams: A Trade Ever)t In Lace Curtains-Hole's curtain-buyer bought 607 pairs of inches wide: a big a » or^ n * of^ " ll " a "'. 0
f dose at Hale clean-up this wee ..._..,c each neat Mn tucks and a hem at the bottom; sizes from 2to 12 years: a lace curtains from an Eastern manufacturer who had used them for display colors: SSS-S"tMs"VSS "f.. .... .'.t. .'.sc
S Navy Blue •-^ A fine India twill In dark clean-up at Hales this week 12 l-2c pair purposes at a recent state cxhlbit of manufac ured . goods . We bought the Hale S C ' ean up ttlK '
t Indigo blue only, we .call yfffff',fff l rhildren's Flannelette Gowns Here is something to keep the little i-.ks warm: fine lot for cash at a big saving over tbe regular cost. Among the lot you Will Kid Gloves-A small line °' * id ?'ot".
L t^TH ft n rfct^4 n af, 8 °wooi: "bblbu'rb.'b* ™r b ?u?7tlV£ %**£*&. K^ftS^affi^a^-ffSSX S.l?£S_ & V* d ™" V deCided '" fishnets 9 Nottingham? a°nd novelty weaves- gjW f^^l^^^.T^'-
? in.hes wide and sold at 65c a yard: would ana Dlv ? str, P« an<J cnecKs. ages _to i- ars, a clean-up at Hales this week.--.se Every cur ,. , 0 the , ot |s 3 ,^ yQrds |q — , Mgb . grade goods The prices Vary ticed- will wear just as well as perfect gloves,
. make a neat little costume for any one; at Ladies' Cotton T'nlon Suits-Jersey ribhed; H. X. L. P.; drawers ankle length: but- from $1.40, $1.50, $175. $2.00, $2.25, $269 a pair. One of the best purchases our and no one but yourself will know the differ-
Hales clean-up this week „c yard ffi , %ft^^i>??%J^^^ -for;^ nu*f wear; buyers b ave ever made. These o 0 the counters at 8 o'clocK Monday morniog. S?; n «WgiS^^Sg 7^f^Z
f mns m d r_r r-» -a / We advise early shopping wherever possible. Extra help to serve you. Hale's clean-up this week ««»c pair
(Vlil II FN ttv Y_ Ladies' I.ace Trimmed Cambric Gowns— Excellent muslin with an elaborately trim- _ . __, __ _ , , |
> *;."..... * mcd yoke of 2 rows of lace Insertion edged with 2 In. Val. lace to match; neck and Other c !e a n-T p \ allies— ln conjunction with the foregoing we will place on sale
, Another dip in millinery prices — deeper cuffs similarly trimmed with lace; ribbon bow at neck; an exquisite garment: one to-morrow 4 other lots at clean-up prices: , m t _Tk^T* ■ i^fc IVI C
L cuts to hasten selling. that sold at .1 50; about 60 in the clean-up at Hale's this week SI.OO Jjnt ,-.„„ , pairs _. ,__._. . V. yards long; a plain net curtain with - ' l\ II I llfl^l^.
C y en selling. v Lrf»t One— l2o pairs Swiss net curtains. 34 yards long: a plain net curtain wlrh a l*x^ a »v^» -«■«-»■•
J -- -*i .., „,.,„,,.., ,_ -Trimmed Hats- Ladies' Imported Cotton Hose-Full length: elastic top: double soles, heels, toes; a Hi-inch lace edge and insertion; a dainty little affair for a dining-room or bedroom: ' wh ", t Knitting Cotton— 2oo balls white knit-
* '^^^^.\\f^^x\\^^^^^^^Stax h »Kh • rrade - fasl black stocking that will give excellent satisfaction; a few of the 25c neat as wax: clean-up price at Hale's *_. and *2.50 pair ting n cotton; goi », quality; at, Hale's clean-up
> In the millinery department • | some of .deep- kind - in Blzea from Bto 10; in Hale's clean-up this week HJ2-3c I>lt Two-2-toned hohhinette curtains; _<! pairs, 3* yards long: a dainty white net | this week .......ic bah
f est cuts that were eve, made by Hale's are A N> __. ? . rcM fo Tender Feet _ A 4 n. KaUKe ,. Uf , lisle, hose, with extra double with a cora^olored edge and insertion; .lust th * thing for *«2K« < __2A°W |?S_tr M-tal Bone and Jet Buttons-Over '6ooo but-
' here ior you now: trimmed hats ft* «_?? sold white silk heelSi ,oesand soles: a combination of the comfort of silk with the prac- cottage, at Hale s clean-up this week $2.50 and f3 a pair I in'. the lot; a big assortment of. colors:
N irom $2 to $1... cut to close to *!._.,> to *». ability and economy of lisle; a beautiful stocking and very elastic; an elegant fln- Lot Three— 49 rairs of ecru and white Point d'Esprit curtains: 3U yards long: a from 4 Inch to 1 inch in diameter: your pick
J T-ntrimmed Shapes in all the Leading Colors— ish: - a novelty at Hale's 25c Swiss net curtain with a small embroidered dot and an applique worked border; aat Hale's clean-up this week c a aozen
\^ ni'_. bin..™.* _v»rv _i._nmni.tiin -^ii ti Fran- t j- . . t.»_. * -, , , .■ , „ „ , , , , -■■'", —■■ - dainty little affair for cottage parlors; nt Hale's clean-up to-morrow. .s!{, 9-1, $5 a pair 7. '1 -' ; , »„*_, i_ _,
k Trices to Interest e\er% economist in san l ran- Ladies Jersey Ribbed Lisle Union Suits— High neck: quarter sleeves; pants kn»e r>»-. » *..-.. y_. :J . , • White Basting Cotton— One dozen spools in a
f cisco: you may not need them now, but It will length; ecru only: button across shoulder with pearl buttons: silk shell finish across l>-t Four— S6 pairs of ecru and whit* Point de Calls curtains; 34 yards long by 50 package' at Hale's clean-up this week
- pay you to buy for 'be coming season; some ,h„ f , nt and around the neck; flat covered seams; a few of the %l kind left; in Inches wide; this is a plain Swiss net curtain with very handsome raised border de- v ' ' 5e package
French shapes are shown In the lot: shapes Hale's clean-up this week 65c signs; one of the richest patterns in the lot: a decided snap at Hale's clean-up this
that sold from 75c to -(. now at Hale s from wt ek $2.75 pair stamped Doylies— A big assortment of dainty
J I.>p to $1.50 Children's Ribbed "Woo! Suits— Desirable little garments for boys and girls; natural designs- printers' ink couldn't describe these
gray only: they contain just enough cotton to prevent shrinking; button across shoul- even If 'we had space; at Hale's clean-up this
S Colored Straw Braid— At Hale's clean-up this rier; Filk shell finish across the front and. around the nek; ages 6. 7. 8, 9, 10 years; tvniinAmf*. — , «-, . »-r _. r_ «v .-_««._-. /-» week ' 18c each
i '"" '" M ""'"" """ '""' m,; " H*... „,» DOMESTIC CLEANUP DOINGS.
J r\JtS. /VIE iM. lIAIFSC Cl Vk\T I TH IHT PI A i I/C Six savings for bargain-seekers. Good news for those who waited for our . l-IE- Drt£irtrtiv.
Even men foiks should be interested. II Alt 3 lLfcA_N = IJN ILUAKS. cl — i^^.S^^^S^^.^S:^
J For Men Wool mixed underwear in medium 150 dozen ITnbleached Sheets— "When Hale's huy bedding they buy for 7 stores: they . fnrt for you at a little price; tne 90c kind to
' weights: camel's hair: a good garment for San MakinP" room for 'a arrivals .Vakincr cash for future buys h'-iy 1° quantities large enough to get the lowest prices: you can save money if you c ) nP .. at the clean-up *»*> c
V Francisco wear; shirt and drawers, at Hale s £. - - __ c m-. /; .. buy vrn]r bedding at Hale's; it is a fact; for Instance, here are some prices to prove It; -_.»•
J clean-up this week Oc each Tailor Jackets— Light and medium weight: silk lined, with capped sleeves: fly front perfect hemmed sheets of fair quality muslin; in the clean-up at Hale's this week: Dress Suit Case— A 24-inch dress suit cm..
' cents' Heavy Working Shirts-Flannelette or .b,^—^ clUb^ "un^htaVeek"' 0^ 3 * CketS that S ° ld -St™..^ 50 *2 «» 54x5 ° :S °° Pach Size 72x90 37V4c each ol.^e "JJ^f^Si S " Tnen lined:
> cne%t,.t; dark and medium shades in sizes from Sl2 - 50 ' tut to llose at Hale s clean-up this week *2.05 each size 63x90 .t.»o .'_ Size SIjcSO -40 i. each he»-e 1= a snap for the men folks; the $2 50 kind
) I.' to 19: extra strong: made good full size: at All Wool Cheviot Suits— In hlack or navy; tight fitting or eton jackets: silk serge - <: -" 90x90 4!_4c each at Hale's clean-up this week ?L*s
v Hale's clean-up this week .'«>«• lined: skirts well clef.. and thoroughly lined with percaline: these suits sold at $10: cut M5O yards Dimity-A 30-lnch fabric; email and medium colored flowers on white rut'ers-For cutting meat. i
1 Have yon seen our Affidavit hrand of collars *» ?!°~ ''' »**« '*»H>? th ' S "^ *»-«« «eh ground: a dainty little cloth; pretty for summer dresses for ladles "and children; the Mveml Meat^**£*g-
" and cuffs for- men. Four-ply 2100 linen: all the Ladies' Fine Tailor Made Suits-Fly front or .-button effect; sllk lined jackets: skirt I-"'' quality (the kind worth making up) in the clean-up at Hales this week lOc ; \ egeianies^.^ kitchen: a chance for an pro-
\ new shapes: collars. 10c: and the cuffs are.... well made, well cut and thoroughly lined with percaline; ten of these suits left: they uck Towels— dozen 15x29; fringed ends; the $1 quality at Hale's clean-up this no „ ira i housewife; the Jl 75 kind at Hale's
f , 10 2-3 c sold from Jl.. to $16.50 each; cut to close at Hale clean-up this week ?0.J»5 week ' <>'*»• each j clean-up this week 151.00
1 ■■■■: Men's Wool Mixed Socks In natural gray Children's Jackets— Ages }to years, in red, green and blue; prettily trimmed with White Crochet Bedspreads A good spread for a double bed: hemmed and ready for ' __.__._.,. w a >=htubs-Better than wood for
only -bi dozen in sizes from 9'_ to 1T 2 ; a good Y f">«- * *cket that sold for »4.50; a few of them left for early comers; at Hale's use; 200 of the 75c kind at Hale's clean-up this week «3e . "nigwd reason" 24 inches in diameter; the
y sock for everyday use; plenty of wear, plenty ciean-up tnis week 52.50 each Drf>s!t Pique yards of navy blue and black ground with figured and striped kind at Hale's ciean-up this week 75c
A of comfort and plenty of saving; at Hale's Novelty Wash Waists— Some of the swellest waists we have in our stock- every patterns; Just the thing for a summer dress; the 124 c kind at Hale's clean-up this
J clean-up » l- 3 c pair one in the lot this season's patterns and up to the minute In styles, fit and finish- week Oo >' ard
,__ lmmvr l sL H_,_.^'biHnb,^Ms °^Lu° C]r '-" Wh,; '' th<? Srasr ' r! for we » r, n-t la ahead; 1250 yards Covert Cloth-Some of the season's most popular shadings; at Hale's / _ r jgr *ffi
L t&ML-W *W <S) a snap at Hale s clean-up this week $I.soeach clean-up this week lOc yard {f&^MLyW/^ ffi/ .*?__&^d*^.
f /ffl /M d^^J^^'^y^^fy. i rpfrAcllinrr fprnnpranrp Hrint- served gratis to our cus- 1\J A «« 7 c* -t QlnfS We are about to issue a beautifully illus- Jm ML^r- ■zzrffs'
\ M JStGO&&~GCCP*^^ A rcireSnillg ICrapCralH-C UnilK tomers during the week. IXeW CdldlOg. trated catalog and fashion book. Free to M \^lGOO£> OeOl>*^
/ **— »« m -fy. BROWN'S CELERY PHOSPHATE, a delicious summer beverage, daintily served, the country. If you live out of town send us your name and those of any other . MaT»k«t Strnfit
935 to 947 Market Street. hot and cold, near the main entrance. " out-of-town folks. Glad to send it. 1 935 tO 94/ marvel oipeei*.
V S~\ -/^V^V __--**%_ >% _f^\ _0-^_ /^^/\>^N__^N/^xv.%/\rv%/V^.a./V#^.*^^v A-_/V^w-_._r\^^%/^^^%/^^^v/\yv^_/^-/\^N^^-^N-/Vv'V__/^ , xy^
that In 1597 Major P. M. Norboe, staff of
the Third Brigade, having made a score
of 122 at target practice during that year,
is entitled to a sharpshooter's ' ration.
captain W. 1.. Lippincott, Seventh In
fantry is on leave of absence, to expire
august 5: Colonel John Gallwey. surgeon
general, is absent, on leave, to expire Oc
tober 30.
The resignations of Second Lieutenant
G S Phillips. Company D, Seventh In- |
fantrv. and Major C. F. yon Petersdorf.
commissary. Third Brigade, have been
accepted.
Fir«t Lieutenant Thomas W. Johns, bat
talion adjutant; Sixth Infantry, has. on
his personal application, been placed on
the retired list with the rank of first lieu
tenant.
lieutenant Colonel W. O. Welch of the
staff of the First Brigade has been ap
pointed on the examining hoard of that
brigade vice Lieutenant Colonel L. S. But
ler removed from limits of the brigade;
Major M. Pirkey has been detailed a mem
ber of the examining board of the First
Brigade for examination of the officers
elect in the Second Infantry; Lieutenant
Ira A. Roble, Second Infantry, has been
t detailed to act with the examining board ;
[ of the Third Brigade for the examination
of the officers-elect in Troop B, Lieuten- i
1 ant Commander T. A. Nerney, executive
1 office, naval militia. has been appointed
j a member of the naval militia vice Lieu
tenant W. E. (Minn.
Lieutenant Colonel K. L. Peeler, assist
ant adjutant general. Third Brigade, is !
drawing down a salary under detain to I
ascertain and determine what rents,
wages and other proper expenses men
tioned in the act of March 8. 1899, should ;
I be paid In consequence of mustering Into
- the United States volunteer service of any i
: portion of the National Guard; also In the ;
completion of the war .'aims of the State |
' of California against the United States |
: Government growing" out of the Spanish- :
American war of 1898.
In this issue is published a portrait of !
! Captain Louis 11. Turner, commanding I
i the naval militia, who as announced last i
1 Sunday in this department will ask to be
i placed on the retired list next September. I
Major Hosmer has been detailed to pre
side at an election August .'1 for captain of
Company G, Fifth Infantry, vice M. W.
Simpson, term expired.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
Or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
CATHOLIC CHARITY
IN SAN FRANCISCO
8100,000 EXPENDED IN THE
PAST FOURTEEN YEARS.
-
Work of the St. Vincent de Paul So- !
ciety to Be Reviewed at a
Conference To-Day.
For fourteen years the society of St.
j Vincent de Paul of this city has relieved
the necessities of the needy Catholic pa
rishioners of San Francisco. In that time
the sum of at least $100,000 has beert dis
i burse*) by the thirteen conferences. To
day the society will hold its quarterly
meeting in the Catholic Orphan Asylum
at San Rafael.
By special dispensation of the spiritual
director of the organization, Very Rev. J.
J. Prendergast, the members attending
the meeting will be privileged to receive
holy communion in their parish churches
in place of having to approach the secra
ment of the eucharist in a body at one
church, which is the usual rule of the so
ciety.
The Archbishop will he present at the
quarterly conference. Reports will be read
from thirteen branch conferences show
ing the actual amount of money given in
parochial charity.
This organization has many thousands
of branches all over the world, and is the
principal charitable plan used by the
church. The sum of about $7000 is annu
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E a. Woods, U.V.
Morning— "The Pulpit and the Pew." Even-
Ing — "The First Christian Church"; pre-
lude on the "Christian Endeavor Conven-
tion."
Morning— "After That Ye Have Suffered a
While," Evening— "My Yoke Is Easy."
Morning— Preaching by Rev. E. O. Phillips,
missionary to Assam. Evening- No ser-
vice.
Emmanuel Baptist. Oartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
St Francis Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue- Clergy of St. Francis.
Mnrnlnsr- Services by the clergy of St. Fran-
cis. Evening — Commencement of the three
days' devotion in honor of St. Ann. the
mother of the blessed Virgin; Rev. T. Car-
aher will preach on the "Relies of the
Saints."
St lenatius. Van N»s= avenue and Hayes
Clergy of St. Ignatius.
Morning — Rev. Father Mahoney will preach
at 10:30 o'clock mass on the dispel of the
day. Evening Rev. Father Woods will
deliver the seventh of the serins of dis-
courses preparatory to the consecration
of thf twentieth century.
Richmond Congregational.. Seventh avenue
an. l clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning— "Weighed by Jehovah I'pon His
i inn Scales " Evening— '"Forgetfulnesa
as a Christian Grace."
Oliv«-t Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Morning— "Moral Gravitation."
"I-Iterary Foundations."
Morning— "A, Stolen Religion."
"No Longer Slaves."
Kvenlng—
Evening —
j.-irst Congregational, corner Post ani Ma-
son streets -Rev. C.corse C. Adams.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia.
Mnrnirur — "Rejoicing at the Sheepfold."
Kvonine -"Spiritualism," a discussion of
Mrs ri|.»r.
Bethany < 'onsregatlonal. Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth- Rev. W. C. Pond.
Mornine— Practical sermon on curious texts
continued. Evening— Same.
St Luke's Episcopal, corner Van New ave-
nue nnd Clay street— Bishop Moreland.
rector.
Morning— Prayer nnd sermon by Bishop
Moreland. EveninK— Evensong and sermon
by same.
Morning— Sunday school; morning prayer by
Clergy of St. Stephen's. Evening- K\en-
song. conducted by clergy of St. Stephen's.
Morning— Sunday school. Evening- -Even-
song, conducted by clergy of St. Stephen's.
St James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem-
ent street. Richmond— Clergy of St. Steph-
ens.
St .Stephen's Mission. 1712 Hayes street.—
Clergy of St. Stephen*.
St Stephen's, Flllmore and Fulton streets—
Clergy of St. Stephen's.
Morning— Prayer by the Clergy
Ktepheri's. Evening— Same.
of St.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
corner Twelfth and Stevenson streets—
Rev. F. w. Flßcher.
Morn ine- 1 "The Prcfltableness of nellßion."
Evening— "The Spirit of Christ."
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderick streets— Rev. Frederick C.
Lee.
Morning— Divine worship and sermon by the
pi tor. i:\eninK— Sermon by pastor.
: ■
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and T l-
-chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
M"rnlng— Preaching by T'r. i>r» of AHnha-
ba'l. India. Evening— "The House F.eauti-
f ill and its Tenants." by the pastor.
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mtsslon street,
between Sixth and Seventh— rtev. Charles
Edward Locko.
Morning:— "Some Things About Prayer."
Evening— "The Gospel In the Heavens."
ally expended by the local conferences in
all the parishes. Jt is used to purchase
groceries, medicines and clothing. All
the receipts of the society are received by
voluntary donations from members of the
parishes.
About 135 delegates will be present at to
day's conference.
BARLEY FOR EUROPE.
Continental Malsters Looking to This
State for Their Supplies.
A recent letter received by- J. A. Filcher ,
1 of the State Board of Trade leads to the j
j belief that the time is not far off when
.the maltsters of Europe will be calling
j upon 'he growers of this State fur a part :
j of the barley necessary for their Conti
l nental business. As shown by reports
j from various parts or the world, the
j cereal crops have failed or are not up to I
I the average.
In the past but little barley has been
purchased here by the European jobbers,
i hut the short crops of Russia. Australia, .
■ Canada, etc.. have made It necessary to I
! look in all directions for this cereal. The |
letter referred to comes from C. J. Mur
phy, one of the Commissioners represent
ing the United States in Europe, who is !
looking after the food product interests
of this country for the Government. He
writes front Brussels, stating that several
: of the big maltsters of that country have
requested him to furnish them with the
names of some of the large shippers and
dealers in barley in California. Their
object is to negotiate for a considerable
portion of the Pacific Coast crop. The i
i desired information was given by Mr.
i Filcher.
ALMSHOUSE REPORT.
Pacts About Wenders Over the Hills
to the Poorhouse.
The superintendent of the Almshouse
has prepared an interesting report setting j
forth the history of the institution for the
fiscal year ended July 1, which will be
read at the next meeting of the Board of
Health.
It appears therefrom that during the
year 598 persons have wended their way to
the municipal home for the neglected and
Impecunious. Of this . number . r»S were
males and 100 females. There were 990. in
mates in the institution on July 1, 1898,
so that the total number to be accounted
for for the present year is 15SS. Three
hundred and thirty-nine inmates were dis
charged at their own request during the
year, S3 ran away without permission, 67
were discharged for declining to perform
their share of the work allotted to in
mates and 139 died during the twelve
months. This left 960 inmates in the
Almshouse at the finish of the fiscal year.
The appropriation for the year was $95,- !
550, am! the expenditures $94,608 19, leav
ing a balance on hand of $941 Sl. Thirty
three people are employed on salaries
averaging $1815 per month. The total num
ber of officers, employes and inmates on a
daily average was 1014, and the cost of
maintenance daily was 10 19-100 cents— not
an extravagant amount for three meals a
day.
Among- the loading expenditures for the
year were the following sums: For sala
ries $21,213 40; for provisions, $37,739 39; for
dry goods and clothinp. $33,446 6S: for to
bacco. $956 55: for medicines, $1884 41; for
repairs to buildings and materials there
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets- Rev. W M. Woodward.
Howard M. E.. Howard street. between
Second and Third -Rev. John A. B. Wil-
son.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor,
ing— Pame.
Even-
Morning— Preaching hy the pastor,
ing— Same.
Even-
Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So-
lano— Rev. s. m. Woodward.
Morning — Preaching by the pastor,
ing— Same.
Even-
Richmond M. E.. southwest corner South
'■;ilifornia and Fourth avenue — Rev.
George Baugh.
MnrninEr-Preaching by the pastor.
ing— Same.
Even-
Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Mar-
ket, Sixteenth :ind Not? streets— Rev. Theo.
H. Woodward.
Morning — Public worshin and
the pastor. Evening— Same.
Flfteenth Avenue M. E., corner FifWnth
avenue S. and P street— Rev. W. D. Crabb.
Morning Preaching- by the pastor.
ing— Same.
Even-
Starr King A. M. E. Zton, SO5 Stockton
street— Rev. T. Brown.
Morning -"The Philosophy of the Figurative
Character of i^brist." Evening -"Time a
Factor in Human Redemption."
liethel African M. E.. Powell street, near
Jackson—Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Morning- Pcrmon by Rev. John Pointer,
P. E. Evening— Sermon by Bishop W J
<!ain<=«, !>.!>.. of Atlanta. Ga.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washington
— Rev. W. P T'rmy.
Morning-Preaching hy the pastor,
ing— Same.
Morning- Frenching by the pastor,
ing— Same.
Even-
Even-
Trinity M. E . R-rkeley— Corner of Fulton
street and Allston nay— Rev. John Coyle.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
> Sacramento street — Key. Robert Macken-
zie.
Stewart Memorial U. P.. Guerrero street.
near Twenty-third — Rev. W. E. Dugran.
Morning Service conducted by Rev Wil-
liam Martin of Santa Cruz. Evening—
Same, and all welcome.
Morning "Various Types of Piety." Even-
Ing— "Colonel Ingorsoll and His Folly."
Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and BVi-
ker streets (Panhandl* Golden ; Gate
Park)— Rev. .T. S. Thomas.
Morning -'Taiil's Pica for Progress '•' Even-
Ing "The Brick and Mortar Theory of
Getting to Heaven."
Morning Serves hy the pastor. Evening—
"Th° Hope of Humanity— Reformation or
Regeneration."
Franklin Street Presbyterian. corner
Fmnklin and Vallejo streets— Rev. Pavid
James.
Mornlnsr— ""^hiistian Symmetry," hy Roy.
Thomas F lmy of San Armelmo. Even-
Ing— "Life's Boundaries," by the same.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H H.
Bell.
Mornlnir— Preaching by Rev. Dr. Dearborn
of Colorado. Evening;— Same,
Westminster Presbyterian — Pace and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cry or.
Morning— "Our Father's Will on Earth."
Evening— Preaching by Rev. W. A. Wad-
dell of Los Angehs.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block, "23 Sutter street, between Grant
avenue and Keamy street— The Bible and
Science ajid Health. With Key to the
Si rirtures.
Morning— ■•Love"; all Invited.
Young Men's Christian Association— Mason
and Ellis streets.
Afternoon— 3 o'clock. "Jesus the Jew." Mr.
Henry Weln=tock; all invited.
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street,
near Gough— Rev. E. Xelander.
Morning— "How Jericho Fell." Eventng—
"The Part of the Hand That WrotV'
for, $3433 82: for house repairs and horse- !
shoeing, $1131 86.
The superintendent. P. A. Reddy. asks 1
the Supervisors for an appropriation for ,
the ensuing fiscal year of $90,000 to carry ,
on the institution, urging the necessity of ;
thi- amount because the price of all kinds .
of provisions has materially increased j
during the past Tear.
The Almshouse is now supplied with
two engines to battle with fires, arid it is j
proposed to build an addition to the chapel
which will double its seating capacity, to j
meet the demands of an increasing num
ber of religiously inclined inmates.
■ ♦ ■
To Exhibit County Products.
J. A. Filcher of the State Board of Trade
has received advices from the southern
part of the State to the effect that Mer
ced has recently organized a Board of ■
Trade and appointed a committee to make I
arrangements to collect a supply of the ;
products of that county to be placed on
exhibition at the rooms of the local board
in the ferry building. The Humboldt
Chamber of Commerce is said to be taking
steps in the same direction.
.—' * ■
The Railroad Loses.
In 1.93 the Sierra Ice Company had sev
eral icehouses in Nevada County, which
were insured in \he Liverpool & London
& Globe Insurance Company for $21,000.
Three of them were burned and the com- *
panv paid the amount of insurance there
on, amounting, to $15,000. The cause of the .
live was sparks from one of the loco- I
motives of the Southern Pacific Company,
which had a spur track to the ice com
pany's piaj^t. The insurance people sued 1
the railroad for the amount of the insur
ance paid, setting up that the company
was to blame fcr setting the fire by the
means of a defective smoke consumer or
arrester on the engine, which started the
blaze, In the lower court the insurance
people won and the case was appealed to
the Supreme Court, where the decision
was affirmed yesterday. Judge McFarland
rendering a dissenting opinion.
Park Music To-Day.
Overture, "La Belliqueuse" Leiruav
"Spring Song" Mendelssohn
Mosaic from "The Beggar Student' ■ .MUloecker
Waltz, "The Postillion" Fahrbach
Finale first of the Hungarian opera, "Woje
woden" Grossmann
Overture, "Semlramide" Rossini
Euphonium solo, fantasia from "Bohemian
Girl" Balfe
W. H. Colverd.
Prelude to "Lohengrin" (by request).. ."Wagner
Grand descriptive fantasia. "The Death of
Custer." Composed and dedicated to the
Grand Army hy .T. Donlgan.
March. "The Return of the Troops" Cruell*
I " THE CREDIT HO USE"
I Six Stories High
[ -Parlor Table, mahogany!
[finish, light, graceful, ser-;
[viceable— parlor conveni-j
[ence ODC .
fCliyC;..;. <
[ Parlor tables in mahogany, oak and J
'all the popular woods, $10, $15, $20. <
[ Just a look over the things for parlor]
I beauty and parlor necessity would take 1
[some time, but time well spent— and 1
1 we like to show them. ]
[ Lace curtains— white and ecru— J
special prices. • . ,
> $6.00 "airs 53.00 1
[ 4.00 pairs 2.00 |
, 3.00 pairs 1.50 J
' 1.65 pairs 1.00 (
1 _ 1
' CARPET DEPARTMENT 1
' Hassocks for the weary feet, large. j
'made -and shaped for service and ap-i
Ipearance,. tapestry covered in pleasing J
1 designs and bright colors, 25c. Velvet ]
and moquette, 50c. <
1 The hurry and worry in laying a new J
'carpet .let lis relieve you of. Our«
[Electric Carpet Sewing Machine turns'
hurry and worry into speed and cer-!
[tainty— when it's done it's well done. -
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley
! NL FRIEDMAN <_. CO.,
[ 233 to 237 Pest St.
[ Open evenings Near StocktonTHE
CALL
SUNDAY
MAGAZINE
SECTION.
First Woman to
Walk Through
the Sowers
of San Francisco.
WHO has not read Victor Hugo's
"Les Miserables," and, having
read it. who can ever forget the
picture of Jean Valjean stum
blinig through the sewers of
Paris under the weight of the body of
Marlus?
The sewers of Paris were high ar.d wide;
but the distance was lor.g, the windings
tortuous, a-nd brave Jean Valjean came
cut under the blue sky well nigh as life
less as the motionless human burden he
was carrying.
These many thousand miles away from
Paris through the sewers of San Francis
co stumbled a man weighted by the cling
ing form, of a slave girl. This modern
prototype of Jean Valjean was a China
man. The gir! was an unfortunate slave
■who thus escaped from a brothel in Chi
titown and through the sewers was car
;ie_, :. the mission, which shelters such
moon-fa I unfortunates.
A month later, in this same sewer, two
Chinese highbinders stowed selves
away while the police vainly sought them
in their usual haunts.
A.. 01 which reads stranger than the
fiction of Victor Hugo. The sewers of
Paris may be broader and higher but they
do not wind through a Chinatown. And
in ways dark and mysterious the heathen
Chinee has used the sewers of San Fran
cisco as the "sans culotte" never dreamed
of using the sewers of Paris.
Mr. Kenney is more at home in the
sewers than he is above ground. He gives
an address on California street, but dur
ing the day he can only be found In the
sewers. He has business there. The sew
ers are constantly in need of repairing.
For twenty j'ears and months to boot
Mr. Kenney has spent the better part of
his- days underground, repairing 'he sew
ers of San Francisco.
Strang- things happer. above ground in
San Francisco. Who will not bear wit
ness to this?
THE EXPLOSION OF FIRE-DAMP
IN THE SEWER.
f/<~ I dc you know that \? \m
If I/ ft *h* City's s^y \\ \l
If/ / % aFFcfds a sa. £ *)\ \Vy '
/ll y^t^at Foyd^sp^r- (' \ \Vi
II ats C^minaTs. a 1 \ \\\
/ m hTdrnSpTacs % \ \\\
M Foi-^Sh^n^s. (\ \ \v
/ / and an sasy \\ \ \|
esAe/of / av^S cF sSCaps Th 4 BVii^i
tt {$»«/ Foypyrscn^s PLftte %
_#_ $ir_J. Fycrn ths - Blfifttyistßs _
f / Broadway Ja.T? M t ... "
Stranger things happen underground.
P. Kenney will bear witness io this.
The strangest journey that a woman
can make is underground. I will bear
witness to this.
You may have sailed over the bay in
any or every craft that can plow ihe
water; you may have shot through the
clouds In a parachute; you may have
traveled over San Francisco in bob-tall
car or automobile; but I am the only
woman who ever walked underground in
San Francisco.
The Chinese girl was carried through.
- I took this journey for several reasons.
We are not accustomed to think of the
sewers of San Francisco as navigable
places. 1 ..ey are not. like t.ie sewers of
Paris, constructed for strolls, where
friends may promenade two or three
abreast. Workmen go down into them,
repair them and get out as ; quickly as
possible. That is all save Mr. Kenney.
I wanted to go Into the sewers with
Mr. Kenney and find out just how well
it pays him to forego the green earth for
the gray .ewers.
Then, too, while the Chinese slave girls
are constantly being rescued, but once in
the annals of the missions is it written
that the sewers were the avenue of es
cape, I wanted to see just how this was
accomplished. ■■•"■.'■■'
The history of Chinatown is a history
of hatchet-men and highbinders. In the
Pacific-street sewer several highbinders
escaped the arm of justice. I wanted to
look upon the place which sheltered these
wily Mongolians from the police.
I saw al! these things and many more
besides.
• • •
It was Thursday afternoon, July — , by
the calendar and 4 o'clock by the cab
driver's timepiece. He pulled rein, by
order, at the corner of Pacific and Dupont
streets. I opened the door and jumped
out. Mr. Kenney was there before me.
SAN FRANCISCO
JULY-23-1899
Strand Things
Happen
Underground.
p ■ iy HERE is a man in San Francisco who could release a pris
| oner from the Broadway Jail as easily as you or I could
crawl under a fence. He isn't the President of the United
States nor yet the Governor of California nor even the Mayor of
San Francisco. He has neither -'influence" nor "pull." Yet if he
chose to give a prisoner his freedom he could do it more easily
than any of these dignitaries. There would be no need of cutting
red tape, no necessity of petitions or pardons. He could do it with
out so much as a "by your leave" to any official in the land.
He would not be in the slightest danger of detection. Not
though they put the united police force of Christendom on the
case.
He hasn't a set of keys that will unlock strongest bolts or
bars. He need not carry knife or gun. Nor sharpest warden nor
shrewdest "trusty" would ever be aware that he was giving the
prisoner his liberty.
The man who is able to do this is neither a magician nor a
hypnotist. He is not a visionary who imagines that the power is
his. He is a plain, practical working man. Moreover, he has made
good his boast to Captain Spillane of the police force.
He has shown Captain Spillane just how he could release a
man from the Broadway Jail if he chose. He has proven that with
the use of his limbs and the aid of a lantern it would be an easy feat.
The man who possesses this extraordinary power is Patrick
Kenney. It is his neither by divine nor official right. It is the
power of knowledge a knowledge of the sewer system of San Fran
cisco.
There is not a twist nor a turn in the entire sewer system that
Patrick Kenney does not know of. There is a twist and. a turn in
the sewer leading to the Broadway Jail.
Patrick Kenney is the only human being in San Francisco
who could crawl from the main sewer into that leading directly into
the Broadway Jail. Patrick Kenney is the only human being who
could tell a prisoner, no matter where his cell was located, how to
join him in" a certain turn of the sewer and thence on to a manhole
and liberty.
Patrick Kenney could do this if he would. But the police need
not fear, the Broadway Jail prisoners need not hope. Patrick Ken
ney is a law-abiding, order-obeying citizen.
We walked toward the open manhole
"It's a girl and she's going down Into
the sewer," yelled a youngster on the
curbstone.
"Nit!" was the decisive denial of an
other tyke. "It's a boy!"
"Huh!" said the first. "Til bet it's a
girl; look at her hair!"
O, traitor locks, that despite careful ar
rangement had betrayed my sex!
The red flag fluttered from the open
manhole. A shaky looking ladder led to
darkness beneath. I looked at the dank
->..-,.--.,- Below, I looked at the blue sky
above, and I hesitated. Then I looked
at young America, brimful of youthful
jibe's. ready to ridicule me. I chose the
sewer, shut my eyes and followed Mr.
Kenney down the ladder.
The splashing of water against my roi -
ber boots and I knew that I stood in a
sewer. I suppose I had the seven senses
accredited to the normal human being, I
was conscious of but one — that of smell.
I felt nauseated; mv brain was reeling;
I felt mv feet slipping from under me.
"It's all imagination." said my guide.
"Now don't cut up any fainting capers
down here. I had the hole open for an
hour before you came and the air is all
rieht. You just imagine it."
Now, by all the saints, P. Kenney may
have been right. I had prepared to out
rage my nostrils, and had Mveen led into
a garden of roses that d_V ' doubt not
I had sensed unpleasant oaors.
"Sit down," commanded Mr. Kenney,
Continued on Page Twenty-two.22
The Call-Herald Automobile Ready for Its
Fourney to be Far West.
First Wonpan to WaTK Through
The SCSI'S oF San Francesco
Continued From Page Twenty-one.
spanning the width with a narrow board
cut to snugly fit the sewer.
Mr. Kenney sat down facing me. We
were at the foot of the ladder. The form
of the man above holding open the man
hole was dimly visible to my blurred
eyes. The din of the city, the voices of
the children questioning him, grew faint
to my throbbing ears. The blood was
pounding through my head; my feet were
very chill. Then a merciful blackness shut
out sense and sight and sound.
"Damn!" said a voice. I' came back to
realization with a jerk. Mr. Kenney's
hand was on my shoulder. "I thought
you were going to keel over," he said.
"It's not Patrick Kenney who'll interfere
with a lady if she wants to faint; but It's
Patrick Kenney who's a-telling her she's
a fool if she does. Who's to pack you up
if you do?"
"Not Patrick Kenney," I said.
"Shure, that's the way to talk: keep up
your spunk," and he sat down again op
posite me.
I felt his critical eye on me. I knew the
d was spluttering on his lips, and I did
not dare to faint.
"You're a daisy, all rig!:?." said he,
"but your color is sorter green. Look at
me: am I cutting up any shinanegans?"
I looked at him. His head, with its
bushy shock of gray hair, rested on his
hands, his elbows pressing his knees
where the rubber boots ended. His small
blue eyes peered at me. now with a twin
kle, then with a challenge lest I weaken
again.
I looked at him long and steadily. Then
I drew a quick breath, and for the first
time i dared to glance at my surround
ings. I saw the egg-shaped sewer laid in
uneven stones, a checker board in green
and black grime. The slimy water washed
over my boots wetting them several
inches above the ankle. I shut my eyes,
looked again, and yet a third time. There
was nothing horrible, nothing revolting.
WHAT CAPTAIN SPILLANE THINKS.
THE SEWER AS A MEANS OF ESCAPE FROM THE BROADWAY JAIL
Captain Spillane, when questioned as to the possibility of using the sewer as a means of escape
from the Broadway Jail, said: 'Mr. Kenney has often spoken to me on this subject. He is a man who
should know a great deal about the sewer system of San Francisco, for he has spent a great many years
in them.
"It is a well-known fact that a man can get through an opening as large as his head. If he can
put his head through he can with more or less difficulty draw the rest of his body through. So If there
is a sufficiently large opening connecting with the main sewer a prisoner might escape through It.
Mr. Kenney says the hole is sixteen inches square. If this is so a man could undoubtedly crawl
through it. He would have to have an accomplice to let him out through a manhole. Otherwise he
might not get out of the sewer. I do not think there is much danger of a prisoner attempting this.
"The same scheme was tried in San Quentin, however, and came dangerously near succeeding.
A prisoner was missed at lock-up. They searched for him everywhere, but could not flnd him. Finally
some one noticed that the grating of the sewer in the prison yard was slightly open. The official im
mediately blocked up the sea end of the sewer.
"Sure enough, the convict was dragged out of the sewer. He had been in an hour and \raa
making his way to the sea, which meant liberty. If he had heen able to entirely close the grating it
would probably never have been discovered that he was escaping through the sewer."
The imagination had played uglier tricks
than the reality warranted.
"Pretty buttons those are!" I followed
Mr. Kenney's gaze to my outstretched
palms, where the buttons on a discarded
pair of suede party gloves showed soft
and shining as pearls.
"You're all right now." said Mr. Kenney.
"Get up and I'll show you how to walk in
here."
. . .
Mr. Kenney taught me how to walk in
the sewers, very much as McFadden was
taught how to waltz.
"One two, three! Balance with me;
You're quite a fairy, but you have your
faults.
While your left foot is lazy.
Your right foot Is crazy;
But don't be onazy, I'll teach you to
waltz."
The sticks which had served as seats we
now used as balancing poles. Mr. Ken
ney walked along as unconcernedly as
though he were pacing the green sward,
I swayed from side to side like a wind
blown bough. My feet slid about in bor
rowed rubber boots at least six sizes too
large. The bottom of the sewer was full
of unexpected holes, and I lurched into
each and every one of them. If I managed
my hands properly my feet insisted on
getting mixed up with every hole. If I
manipulated the boots according to direc
tions. I swung my arms at a wild angle
and lost my balance.
I sat down again. "How many blocks
have we gone?" I asked.
"Blocks!" exclaimed my guide in dis
gust. "Blocks, did you say? Sure, It's
never a block you've gone, and never a
block you will go if you flop down every
five minutes."
I arose and again tried to walk. I see
sawed along for perhaps a quarter of a
block. The sewer here had even more
holes than further up. some of them so
large that my feet caught in the crevices,
and it was with difficulty that I extrica
ted them.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
Tt was hit or miss with the balancing
stick; more by good luck than good wit
when I landed the stick on the sides of
the sewer and did not serai"- the palm ot
my gloved hand as well.
Gases were rising from the mud which
I stirred up. Mr. Kenney punctuated his
gait with encouraging remarks and admo
nitions to "keep up your nerve." The
gases were getting thicker. I felt a
strange premonition of coming evil, but 1
did not. want to betray my fears. Sudden
ly Mr. Kenney turned and faced me.
-We've stirred up too much gas. Don't be
frightened if — — "
He never reached the period. There was
a terrific noise thai to my affrighted ears
boomed louder than the report of a hun
dred cannon. A red light danced before
my eyes. The sewer seemed to stretch
before me a blood-red pillar of flame. I
felt a hot breath on my cheek. I heard
a voice urge, "Run; run, run; the other
way!"
1 turned and fled. I did not know wheth
er or no he was following. Once I looked
over my shoulder. The lire was whirling
through the sewer like a thousand crim
son devils playing tag. No need of bal
ancing stick now. Wildly I stumbled on,
beautiful green and purple lights dancing
before me.
Then 1 felt a hand on my shoulder.
"It's till right here," said Mr. Kenney.
"Sit down."
I rubbed my eyes. The green and purple
lights were gone. The nre demons had
disappeared.
explosion— flre goes way of the
wind— run the other way— that's all." With
which laconic explanation Mr. Kenney
handed me the stick again and we turned.
We walked about half a block In silence,
then Mr. Kenney stopped and said,
"You're a bird, you are; you're brave, you
are; that's all I have got to say to you."
A half block more and we came to a
turn In the sewer. The one we had been
walking In was five feet by three. This
one, which led into it, was three feet by
two. and about twenty feet long. At the
end was a board.
We sat down at the opening.
"See thai heard there?" said Mr. Ken
nev. "Well, that board is a part of the
building on the northwest corner of Pa
cific and Dupont streets." It was easy to
see how the highbinders had escaped
their pursuers.
It is not hard to remove a board, es
pecladv if it be In an underground wall.
l* is not difficult to hand food through
this same opening. It is not Impossible
to hide here one, nay, even seven days.
Hut it is taking chances on running into
Patrick Kenney.
"What did you say to the highbinders?''
I asked.
"Seeing as we don't speak the same
brogue our conversation was not exten
sive," replied Mr. Kenney. "By the tine
I got back onto the street to get help the
rascals had crawled back again into the
building, boarded up the place and es
caped to some other part of Chinatown.
The monkeys In the building pretended
not to know a thing about it. Now I'll
show you the place where the fellow res
cued the girl."
We walked along a quarter of a block.
Here was a similar opening into the
building. Through this the Chinaman
crept, and with the prostrate form of the
terrified slave girl on his back he made
his way, groping Mindly, until he reached
another building which had an under
ground opening into the sewer, then out
under the blue sky until the mission was
reached.
Three months afterward there was a
Chinese wedding In the mission. Pretty
little Ah Loo, in pigeon-English, promised
to love, honor and obey the Celestial gal
lant who had carried her through the sew
ers of Chinatown to a Christian home.
"I guess you've seen all you want to.
haven't you?" asked Mr. Kenney. "We'll
go back to the manhole."
1 was more than willing to return, but
I had not vet seen all that I wished. I
had been told on good authority that Pat
rick Kenney found not a few things well
worth keeping in the sewers of San Fran
cis* Yet I had not noticed a single
thing, nor had he once stooped to pick
up anything.
Once or twice on our way down I had
started the subject, but he Invariably
pretended not to understand what I
meant.
Mr. Kenney Interrupted a plan I was
concocting to make him give me the do
sired information by stating that _*•
would "put me onto" the way of finding
valuables in the sewers as a sort of re
ward of merit for what he called my
pluck.
"We won't have much time," he said,
"to look, but I guess we'll flnd some
thing. Whatever we find is yours."
Mr. Kenney turned upon me fiercely
when I suggested that I did not care to
deprive him of- anything he might find.
"I've said it's to be yours, and Patrick
Kenney never goes back on his word.
You see. I've been in here so much I
know just the holes where things collect."
Every moment or two Mr. Kenney would
stop, put his hand down into a hole and
bring up a handful of pebbles, but never
a sign of ring or pin.
. "We'll flnd something yet; don't you
worry. Never been down in the sewers
in Chinatown yet that I didn't get some
thing If I hunted. It's the best place in
town— anything you find here is sure to
be good. Chinamen don't have imitation
jewelry. You can bet their rings and ear
rings are all solid gold. When you find a
diamond in another part of town you
never know but what It's paste.
"I can't complain, though, for in the
twenty years I've been down In the sewers
I've found thousands of dollars' worth of
Jewelry. Just last month I found a ring
that I sold for $200. When there is no
repairing to bo done I come down here
just to look for things. You've just got
to put your hands down in the holes be
tween the rocks and sift for things."
I was afraid it was getting late, and I
begged Mr. Kenney not to stop any more,
but to get to the manhole as quickly as
o__ss_.b!a» JCvjpnti* feet from the end he
This Is the Latest Spectacular
sensation in the Fire Dance
Herr <".. yon Palm Is a German noble
man of artistic tastes who invented the
mirror and fire dances which have made
La Loio Fuller, Papinta and other wor
shipers at the shrine of Terpsichore fa
mous. He has now brought out another
and still more wonderful creation called
■'The Lotus Flower, a dance vision." This
latest spectacular sensation will be pro
duced at the Orpheum this week. Herr
looked again and. eureka! there was a
gold hairpin. I put it in my pocket. "One
dollar and eighty cents gold in that,"
said Mr. Kenney. "I know, for I've found
hundreds of them."
Up the ladder I climbed. Oh, dear,
heaven, how sweet it was to be once more
in the open! I felt dizzy with joy or
falntness— l cared or knew not which. A
crowd had gathered around, for the new^
yon Palm will supervise the production
himself. The carrying out of the theme
will be intrusted to La Fafalla, a pretty
and graceful girl.
The story unfolded by Herr yon Palm's
spectacle Is a pretty one. The scene
opens with the awakening of the spirit
of the lotus flower by the kiss of her
legendary father, the Moon God. When
the spirit is fairly aroused, she rolls out
of the flowery bed in which she is sup
La Fafalla at the Orpheum.
had spread that a girl had gone down into
the sewer. I heard not their comments;
I only knew that 1 was once more on top
of the earth with my fellow-beings. I
had spent two hours of my life under
ground, and the bliss of getting out
flooded all other sensations. I minded not
tho curious crowd but stepped into tha
cab.
Mr. Kenney put his head through the
posed to have been sleeping for over 100
years and begins to enjoy herself in a
purely mortal fashion. Liking company,
she arouses the butterflies sleeping on the
remaining flowers and flirts and gambols
with her fairylike lovers until exhausted,
when she throws herself down on a mossy
bank to rest.
The light effects and flre illusions are
said to be the most perfect ever pro
duced.
through an ind S£ . 1 f d: ." VY ° U ' re p,uck straight
glMs-w^^S Wo?
w-Vv'w 'Mi e^y y o°u% e^. ° the Br ° ad
«aj j.ui _. ll get you out
I know I shall never 'call unon Mr
r e a v ne 7 to "ye up to he first S»i
second! WiU never have to fuimithi
MARIAN WEST. __POWERFUL WOMAN OF THE EAST— STRONG MAN OF THE WEST
Ready to Bend Inch and One-Eighth Iron.
"1 -+ ERE is a man so marvelously
J \ strong that his feats surpass
I I those of Hercules— say noth
-*• J ing of Samson and more mod
•""^ crn lights of lesser brilliancy.
Just imagine, if you can, a being of
such prodigiou-J strength and remark
able anatomy that with a single blow of
his fist, protected only by a handker
chief, he is able to drive a sixty-penny
nail through a two-Inch scantling.
Moreover, to make the matter still more
■wonderful, he can draw the nail out
again or break it off with his teeth.
It ls child's play for him by sheer
Using Mouth as Vise to Bend Half-Inch Rod.
strength of arm and grip to pull the
best quality of steel horseshoe apart,
and merely gentle exercise to dally with
a seven hundred pound weight.
Now this man is no fable but actual
hard, solid fact of flesh and blood and
right here In our midst.
He is a protege of the Acme Club,
lives in Oakland, and is perfectly satis
QUEER FACTS ABOUT FISH.
IT Is not too much to say that In some
ways the love of salmon passeth
that of women. To reach the objects
cf their affections they perform feats
and undergo hardships greater than
any man could do or bear; and to main
tain It they fight with a courage and fury
which might make many a soldier en
vious.
The salmons' trials begin when they
first leave the sea, on their long upriver
Journey to meet their sweethearts. Pres
ently, perhaps, they meet a high water
fall. Then the salmon backs away as
far as possible, makes a locomotive
rush and leaps for the top. He actually
whizzes through the air, his tall is mov
ing like lightning, his scales shine liKe
-enamel. Perhaps he fails to reacn
the top by a foot, but he catches the
water, hangs suspended for a moment,
and then with a miraculous strength
forces his way up and reaches the quiet
water beyond.
Perhaps the next waterfall is five feet
higher, and the salmon leaps in vain.
Then finding the feat impossible he ac
tually climbs the sides, Jumping up from
ledge to ledge and resting in little pools
until the river above Is reached. Then
he goes on pushing through rapids, and
floundering over shallows, until the
spawning ground is reached. In many
of the larger rivers of this continent the
salmon is no beauty when he reaches his
Journey's end. His scales, perhaps, are
worn off, his fins torn and his body a
masa of bruises. But, nevertheless, he
woos his lady love boldly, caresses her
tenderly. fights his rivals fiercely and
wins his bride liko a soldier.
But all fish are not so romantic. The
codfish, for instance, is unsentimental
and actually ridiculous. He is a great,
gray, ugly lish, and his name itself Is ab
surd. If there were such a thing as sub
marine humor he would figure in it as the
goat does in our own comics. The cod
fish has, in fact, an appetite which makes
the goat's look pale, and when fishermen
cut the fish open they assert that they
often find such things as scissors, sus
pender buckles, horseshoes, potato par
ing, oil cans, doorknobs, marlinsplkes,
corncobs and lndlarubber shoes.
Anotner startling story told by fisher
men Is that in heavy weather codfish eat
stones to ballast them, but It is more
likely that these rocks are taken In while
attached to sea anemones, of which the
codfish are very fond. It may be In
ferred that codfish do not object to nibble
the fingers or hands of human beings,
because the wedding ring of a drowned
woman was once found ln a cod's sto
ma, and the finder got $250 reward for
Its return.
Oysters and clams in the shell are very
popular with the codfish, and there are
vast heaps of dead shells in the ocean,
"nested" together like strawberry boxes,
which are believed to have once been In
the stomachs of codfish. The appetites
fled with the plain homespun name of
Samuel J. McMillan— no high-sound
ing "strong man" name for him, he
says. His own fits him well enough.
In "fact, it ha* only been within the last
few years that Mr. McMillan's re
markable strength -has dawned upon
him. Of course, as a boy he was able
to equal the best man in feats of mus
cle, but he thought little of that. Now,
however, that he has reached man's
estate he is but 33. and can perform
marvels that surpass the combine ef
fort of six men— he has gradually real
ized his superhuman strength.
At first glance McMillan would
scarcely impress one as a man so far
above the ordinary In muscular power.
You would notice, probably, that he has
a remarkably small head and massive
jaws and that he is a large man; but
his height and weight are so evenly
proportioned that he seems hardly out
of the ordinary to the passing glance.
It is when he is In the costume of the
athlete and performing some prodigious
of these fish are Insatiable. They will
fill their stomachs. All their gullets and
fill their mouths with food, and still try
to get more.
If people knew more about the fish they
eat. it is possible that a slice of "baked
blue" migr.t fill many a man with shud
dering horror, for the Blueflsh Is per«
haps the most terrible and bloodthirsty
thing in all nature. The tiger has a sweet
and cheerful disposition compared with
the blueflsh, the shark seems a phleg
matic and amiable creature, and the wolf,
by comparison. Is positively mild. Tha
blueflsh make - menhaden their especial
pre-. When a school of these fish per
ceive blueflsh near they swim away with,
such hasto that the ocean foams under
them, but the blueflsh cannot be dis
tanced. They rush among the helpless
menhaden biting, tearing, thrashing and
even throwing them into the air.
They do not stop to swallow their prey,
but kill purely for the love of slaughter.
The sea Is reddened with blood and dotted
with dead fish, but the blueflsh kill on
until exhaustion stops them or until the
menhaden get into such shallow water
that 'he blueflsh do not care to follow.
times these helpless fish are so blind
with terror that they swim ashore and
are piled up ln windrows a foot deep.
The blueflsh do not eat one-tenth of th€
fish they kill, although when surfeited
they are believed by some people to dis
gorge their food in order to take In an
other meal. It is estimated that during a
fair season 1,000,000 blueflsh are caught
between New Jersey and Monomoy, and
that about 999,00) remain uncaught-
Thirty or forty fish are sometimes found
In the stomach of one blueflsh. but plac
ing a blueflah's kill at only ten per day
lt will be seen that during their four
months' yearly stay on the New England
coast they destroy about 1,200,000.000,000.00fl
fish, and that is excluding the vast num
bers of minute fish eaten by little blue
flsh which are not Included in the esti
mate. Carried into avoirdupois it Is cal
culated that 2,500,000,000 pounds of fish are
eaten daily by blueflsh. Nevertheless,,
they are handsome and graceful fish. Very'
little is known of their other habits, but 1
they are so nervous while ln captivity'
that they develop corns on their noses by
trying to push the latter through the
glass sides of their tanks.
Vessels Narked
After flolmals
The British navy draws upon the animal
world for many of its names, and the fol
lowing list is compiled from the last navy
list issued by the admiralty: Barracouta,
Buzzard. Cockatrice, Basilisk. Dragon,'
Fox, Goldfinch, Griffon. Lapwing, Linnet,
Magpie, Mosquito. Peacock, Penguin,
Pheasant, Phoenix, Pigeon, Plover, Por
poise, Quail, Raccoon, Rattlesnake, Red
breast, Redpole, Ringdove, Salamander,
Sparrow, Sparrowhawk, Sphinx, Stork,
Swallow. Thrush, Whiting, Widgeon, Al
bacore, Eagle, Jackal, Lion. Raven, Sea
horse, Sheldrake, Triton, Unicorn, Bea
gle. , . . , s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
Driving Spike in Two-lncb Scantling by Sheer Force of firm and Bare Hand.
feat of strength when you can see the
iron muscles brought into play, that his
marvelous power is evinced.
His weight is 215 pounds: height. 5
feet 10 Inches; forearm 174 inches; bi
ceps, 172-.,, inches; thighs, 33 inches;
calves, ISM: lies, and neck, 19 inches.
The neck measurement as compared
with the head is most remarkable. He
0"f B a "strong woman" Miss Char
f I Intte Dunphy, the 17-year-old
(—j daughter of a "West End avenue
V" II millionaire, is the latest marvel.
It was only last June that Miss
Dunphy was graduated from the Insti
tute 0 Holy Angels, at - Fort Lee, a
physical wreck, as so many young girls
who aim for high honors find them
selves at the close of their school days.
It was thought that she was going into
a decline, and many specialists were
consulted, but there seemed no organic
disease, simply a strong tendency to
ward nervous prostration. Drugs were
ineffective, walking was exhausting.
Ordinary gymnastics, such as are
usually practiced in schools for girls,
did not seem to do any good.
More in a joke than anything else
Miss Dunphy called at the studio of a
professional athlete just three months
ago and informed him that she wanted
to be a "strong* woman." It did not look
very promising, as she was slight,
weighing less than ninety pounds, and
was weak and ill. But there is noth
ing this athlete will not try, and so he
put her through his twenty-flve differ
ent sets of dumbbell exercises with the
lightest bells, adding to their weight
as her strength increased, . until she
could swing five-pound bells with per
fect ease.
Taking a set of bells home. Miss Dun
phy began exercising before breakfast,
and soon found the work delightful and
easy; her appetite increased, and she
began to long to do greater feats. For
variety's sake her instructor allowed
her to learn several weight lifting ex
ercises, and found to his astonishment
that she could actually do them, and
do them gracefully and firmly. From
one feat to another she went, until now
she has mastered every sort of strong
woman feat, and her teacher himself
gazes on her with astonishment.
Miss Dunphy has a most wonderful
back, and the . luscular development of
the entire body c.mes to its support, so
that she does Max Unger's tricks. One
of these is the lifting of a big barbell
from the floor with one hand, turning
lt and holding it high above the head
without a tremor. This same barbell
she then places upon the floor and lies
down flat on her back with the bell at
her head, and raises lt with both hand-,
until it is straight above her head, then
holding it with one hand only, rises to
a sitting and then a standing position
with the bell high above her head still.
Another feat Miss Dunphy does with
the same bell in connection with the
"Roman chair." This chair has a strap
across the seat, into which she slips
her feet, then she leans over the back
until her head rests on the floor, reaches
over her head for the bar and rises with
it to a standing position on the seat of
the chair, with the bell high over her
head, then descends in the same man
ner and lays it on the floor above her
head again. These feats require enor
mous strength, as any one can easily
ascertain by trying them. • yyfy
Some of her friends belonging to a
Drives Nails With
• Bare Fist, Tears
Horseshoes Apart,
Can Bend Iron
Bars With Teeth.
— c
can without unbuttoning his collar slip
off his shirt with ease over the top of
his head. Another strange point; his
hand is massive, taking a No. 11 glove.
while his foot is very small. He wears
a No. 6 shoe.
He has teeth the like of which have
never been known. Not regular teeth
nor beautifully white, but long, strong
yellow teeth— that can literally
bite through iron. His Jaw and neck
seem one and part of his broad shoul
ders, so firmly are they set.
The best proof of his power in jaw
and teeth is shown in the feats he per
forms, several of which he has had
photographed for The Sunday Call.
He takes an ordinary three-eighths
round iron a yard long and, using his
teeth as a vise, twists out letters of the
alphabet.
With a rod of iron ten feet long and
one and one-eighth inches In diameter
balanced in his mouth, he braces him
self squarely on his legs and then al
lows the rod to be bent by the com
bined effort of eight men— four on
either end. The only paraphernalia
Girl Once a Physical
Wreck, Now Does
Astonishing Feats,
Easily Toys With
Weighty Barbells,
yacht club have been Inveigled by her
brother to come home with him and
visit the gymnasium on - the top floor'
used, as can be seen from the photo
graph, is a simple piece of leather to
prevent Injury' to the mouth and teeth
from contact with the rough iron. It
is all the eight men can do to bend the
iron, so the pressure on McMillan's jaw
is something tremendous. The small
ness of the man's head as compared
with the massiveness of jaw and
and try some of these feats. But with
all of their boasted athletic achieve
ments Miss Dunphy easily outdistances
them all. In fact, these college bred
young men are just as jealous of this
little slip of a girl as they can be, and
her nttle private gymnasium has be
come the center of attraction on the up
per west side.
Rod Bent by Combined Weight of Eight Men.
breadth of shoulder becomes most pro
nounced In this act, for the muscles
of the neck swell to the utmost, and.
in fact, head and shoulders appear al
most one without the usual connection
of neck.
It is generally considered a most dif
ficult trick to tear in two a deck of
cards. McMillan puts three decks to
gether and, with bare hands, not only
tears them in half, but quarters them
as well.
He can hold up with one hand a fifty
two gallon cask with two men seated
thereon, in all a total weight of over 450
pounds.
With his head on one chair and feet
Iron Rod Twisted* io Double Circle.
on another he forms a human bridge
capable of sustaining as many men as
can be piled upon him.
His horseshoe feat is most extraor
dinary. He takes the best No. 2 horse
shoe and tears lt apart by sheer
strength of hand. Now, a good
shoe is not brittle, so a trick of
this kind means sufficient power
THE GENEROSITY OF WOMEN.
»-* WRS. RUSSELL SAGE has
f\/\ reached some very definite
I y I opinions regarding men and
\* I women as a result of her many
_i_ years of work in the field of
charities. She has been en
gaged recently in raising a fund in
crdar that tha Wo____a__ , '_» Jios3ltal may
Have a splendid new building. The struct
ure will cost $400,000. Mrs. Sage has raised
$300,000. She expects that early in the fall
she will obtain the remaining $100,000.
I had a chat with her a few days ago
on the subject of generosity. The wife of
the great financier is an interesting con
versationalist. She talks in a measured
way, but she cannot be described as slow
of speech. Mrs. Sage may begin a sen
tence very deliberately, but you will soon
realize that when she gets into the middle
of It the words come quickly.
"In my experience," said she, "I have
found that men look too much on the tem
poral side of affairs, while women look to
he eternal. This is a rather severe dic
tum, but my observation leads me to that
belief. Of course, there are exceptions.
"Women labor for great moral ends.
Men do also, but I must say that the
secular side of their nature is stronger
than in women. It would be much better
in grip and arm to straighten
out the curve and literally pull
the metal asunder. But driving a nail
in by a blow of the hand, protected by
the slight covering of a handkerchief,
is the most marvelous of all. This he
really does, as shown in the photos
herewith, and moreover, he can break
the nail off with his teeth or draw it
from the board with equal facility.
McMillan first realized that he was a
bit beyond the ordinary about three
years ago. He was in a small town,
where Jack Donohoe was giving some
exhibitions in dumbbell work and hap
pened to be In the theater one night
when Jack offered $20 to any man who
could put a 107-pound dumbbell over
his head with one hand.
McMillan's friends persuaded him to
try and he won the 520 so easily that
it opened his eyes.
He is a blacksmith by trade, does not
believe In training, nor in the usual ex
ercises of the athlete and eats and
drinks what he pleases.
if the men paid more attention to the
eternal things than to the temporal."
During the conversation, however, Mrs.
Sage cited the case of one woman who
was inclined to lean to the temporal side
of affairs. The woman is very wealthy.
Mrs. Sage had heard often of her love of
money, so she determined to ascertain
whether it was so strong that an appeal
in the name of charity would be disre
garded.
Mrs. Sage sent a pencil note to the
wealthy woman. Inclosed with lt was a
printed circular requesting contributions
for the new building of the Woman's Hos
pital. The woman returned the circular
without any comment, and also without
any subscription.
Before the conversation closed Mrs.
Sage made one reference to her husband.
"Mr. Sage would rather give money."
she said, "to women than to men. He pre
fers to support them in charitable w_*r...
He has great confidence in women."
Oom Paul's Spies.
Xo one ever denied that Oom Paul,
President of the South African republic,
was an astute old statesman. Time and
again he has beaten our British cousins
in diplomacy and has proved his worth
as a diplomatist.
At the time of the Jameson raid it
caused Dr. Jameson and his associates
considerable surprise that their plans
were known to the Boers almost as soon
as they were conceived. The British were
met, fought and defeated by an ambushed
body of men almost at the beginning of
their, attack, and it was believed at the
time that one of their number had turned
traitor and given the plans to the Boers,
but now the secret is known.
The old warrior enlisted the services of
the barmaids of Johannesburg ln the po
litical secret service. Through them ho
learned that new men were being enlisted
ln the Cape police and that new guns were
being shin.cd. week after week, from
England. Through the same source he
was informed of the attempts that ware
feeing made by English politicians to forco
the hands of the Government of the Or
ange Free State in case war should be
declared by the British Government
against his country. The Englishmen
babbled all this over their cups, and the
barmaids' winning smiles and bright eyes
never gave them the suspicion that they
were telling secrets of vital importance.
No sooner had the pretty barmaids en
ticed from the sturdy colonists their im
portant secrets than Oom Paul was in
formed. The old statesman knew how to
parry blow with blow. To the amazement
of the British, no sooner had they in
creased their force of available fighters
by means of secret enlistment than they
were Informed that Oom Paul had en
listed a still larger number of men. XO
sooner had their guns arrived from Eng
land than they found out that the Boers
also had obtained from a firm in Germany
a larger number of weapons of still bet
ter manufacture. By means of always
being forewarned Kruger warded off war.
2324
THE SUMMER OUTFIT OF
THE WOMAN OF FASHION
Miss Julia Dent Grant's Trousseau Is the Host Talked About Tiring' In Paris.
Some of Her Lovely Silk Gowns and Their Styles,
C '" '"jHRT do things better in the Old
j World! In summer there is a
softer, cooler regard for the sun.
•a way ■•:" dressing that, whilo
J_ fashionable, Is comfortable, a cer
tain nattiness— to use an Ameri
canism -which seems lacking elsewhere.
1 have a description of a certain frock
of the simplest goods, a dotted challie, I
think, or possibly a thicker grade of mull
with tiny silk figures in it. It is literally
a daisy dress, designed for a dear friend
of th Countess de Castellans, who Is to
visit the Countess this' summer at lier
wonderful villa to which all Paris seeks
a:: invitation.
This dotted dress, which is for feeding
the lucks and doing the homely garden
maid tasks which the French think it is
so smart to copy for a few months In th:.
summer, is lined with a thin wash silk
of pale pink, which shines through the
white mull. The waist is the same with
a broad band of plain white silk down the
middle of the front.
A very coarse flounce of lace is set upon
a Ik_H of arbutus pink velvet, and at the
neck there is a small bow stock of the
dame velvet. Certainly a very neat dress
for the country maid.
The p'alnneHS at the shirt waist is much
relieved by the stock with stole ends,
which Is .becoming more popular. The
most becoming of these are of wide white
lawn, double and stitched along the entire
outside edge, even the • points being
stitched. The lawn is tied in a bow with
short loops, leaving ends that hang to the
waist line. This* same becoming stole is
made from lawn of all colors, and as it
can be laundered ls deservedly a popular
feature of the summer wardrobe. In
making this style care should be taken to
narrow the neckstrip to a width of not
over two Inches; the ends ar© four or
flve inches wide.
Pale green- is -the color selected by the
mountain climber. An Alpine huntress,
bent upon securing everlasting foliage for
the decoration of her rooms, wore upon
her quest a skirt that came scarcely to
the shoe tops. It was heavily faced with
Remember, That —
The mother who would have her chil
dren heaJthy must not be afraid to have
them occasionally dirty. While cleanli
ness Is akin to godliness, there is a clean
dirt that comes from contact with the
sweet earth that is wholesome. Have the
little ones bathed frequently, insist that
they come to meals with immaculate
hands and faces, but between meals have
them so dressed that they are free to run
and romp as they will.
The Sunday Call —
Yes, every paper has fought the wear
ing of hats In theaters. But the anti
hatters have recently appeared with new
force in Rochester, where the crusaders
refused to be satisfied with the removal
of the obnoxious hat, but demand a glove
reform also. Circulars have been distrib
uted calling for gloveless and hatless con
gregations. In Chicago the matter is be
ing discussed on a plane of higher criti
cism, one preacher declaring that "the
attractiveness of a woman is cruelly ob
scured, distorted and minimized by her
hat and toggeries. With these she ob
scures her beauty, and her nobility is in
timidated and" driven inward, if not
wrecked.'.''
This has an ominous sound. Measles
an.l other complaints have a vicious habit
of "striking in," and always with unpleas
ant results. If the- wearing of a hat and
"toggeries" is going to Intimidate, strike
in and ultimately wreck the nobility of
womankind, the anti-hat reform cannot
be taken too seriously.
_-s *'. *T __.
Fashion Notes —
Still insist that your shirtwaist be made
of white, whatever the material used.
There is a perfect craze for white.
I_:ere is much In favor of this
craze, fur so many of the materials
that are supposed to wash fade and
shrink .in a most depressing manner,
whereas -the white may always be relied
u.Hjn, Another fad is to use wash ma
terials for ail sons of sporting costumes.
They are worn even for riding habits and
for golf and cycling there are quanti
ties to choose from. Those in the heavy
linen are the best, although the material
In the ' ready-made ones Is very coarse.
There is a shade of red that is very smart,
also a very dark blue and a linen that
Looks like cover* cloth— 'his last is par
ticularly good for a riding habit. The*
linens are ho heavy that they do not fly
up a* thinner material would do, and yet
are not weighty enough to be disagree
able to wear, a* so many of the heavier
linens are apt to be. They are all made
'.:. th*. same style, without any trimming
wfcatever, the rows of machine stitching
giving all • the finish that is necessary
around th*. hem <*f the skirt. In many
cases ther*- is not even this style of trim
ming, the stitches that are necessary in
the liem being allowed to show rough.
Tliis. however, i» not a style that can "be
recommended; for juel the one row of
machine stitching looks badly; when there
»ire several rows it makes a finish.
Give the Latest
And before you know It another fad
bobs up. The • *-..• st new thing is that
monograms ■>• writing paper are consid
ered by tb« elegant** of French society
far and away smarter than coronets and
oo4it*-of-: which they are now dub
bing demode*. A hint to wise Americans
is sufficient from ■_. sister republic.
Modes and Styles —
Still, __L-LdL__m>. La Mode busies herself
Issuing . edicts for and against. Here ls
a late bulletin which states that direct
oire bats are fit to be worn by youth and
i*' a.uty only. Krcsh. lovely faces alone
gain an added charm beneath their brims.
The grandmotherly air arid tied-up strings
are both. picturesque and fascinating. But
let one pau-» sweet two-and-twenty, then
beware of thy. tricks they will play in add
ing on five or six years at a jump.
HOW TO AVOID
GRAY HAIR.
BY riflE. HYGEIA.
, This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in
the science of cosmetics and the hygiene of proper living. If any one
desires information on either of these subjects the questions will ■be
cheerfully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask
as many questions r.s you please and sign any name that you choose. Ad
dress all communications to Mme. Hygeia, Sunday Call.
t-i <-\ S? 17 * iJTr " hair, which is so afo
\\ \Jf JJ burred, by the unhappy pos
y. i\ ll ' sess °r, '" nearly always a
\jf\fjl source of admiration when
\_ly\Jy- possessed by some or:*- else,
■f y It Is the one thing that
women 'rave- over In other women, ten.
never want for themselves. It Is ad
mired, but never envied. The woman who
to-day • declares that she adores these
"silver 'threads," and always has, will be
completely prostrated to-morrow at the
discovery of the first white hair among
her tresses,
I often- wonder why old age Is bo sad a
thing to womankind, and by them so
dreaded. It should not be. lt is a per
the same duck of which it was made. The
narrowest black braid was the simple
trimming of the skirt and the jacket was
an Eton, long enough to hide the belt.
This jacket was cut in the new double
breasted style with points overlapping
across the front, and was finished with
lapels that were faced with heavy deep
green silk.
The Rough Rider, or cowboy, or as they
call it here, "the Bernhardt," is worn
pulled down over the eyes and trimmed
with a very long quill which stands ag
gressively upright.
While there are no positively new mate
rials since my last writing you, there are
new things to be worn with summer
dresses; such, for instance, as the stole,
already described, made out of the same
materia] as the shirt waist. This is ex
tremely pretty.
There is also t*.e sunbonnet. which is this
season a reality. Over a dozen of these
have been sent to Newport for the sum
S think sometimes S tike the j
yirl
11/ ho oan bait a hook with
an uyly worm
jfnd pull up a fish and
see him squirm —
yirl like that is a summer
peari f
fectly natural transition, and every' age
has a beauty of its own.
1 really think that one does not so soon
grow old physically If one thinks youth
continually, I mean that by keeping
one's mentality fresh and onergetlc and
Interested In those things that interest
and enliven the youthful folk about one,
the youth In' the mind is unconsciously
reflected in the body, and ago ls thus
kepi at bay.
The* precious ones of the earth are the
dear, old, loving souls who have fought
life's battle successfully, every line in
their faces, every white hair in their
heads, telling of some sacrlflce accom
plished or unselfish end attained, and yet
the radiant, robust young maiden seldom
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
mer season, to match the outing dresses.
The sunbonnet is Intended more for the
garden game, for tennis, for the lit tie
walk, than for the soberer games of golf
and water sports. The bonnet has a big
soft crown set high upon th- Mother
Goose pattern, making a peak at the top.
It aJso has a double frill around the face,
though the headpiece sets close around
the forehead. '.«.■■
Another extremely pretty accessory to
the summer gown Is the braided trim
ming, which can be purchased by the
yard. It is made of tine braid sewed or
woven in patterns that look like coarse
lace. It is very' durable and comes In all
colors. It is used for yokes, for flounces
and specially for setting in the side of
the skirt like a panel. This Is the best
of summer trimmings and can be utilized
In many ways, even to hat trimmings.
The quality of sheerness still continues.
There would seem to be no. medium qual
ity. Either the goods are heavy, so heavy
as to need no lining, like duck or pique
Three Summer Maids.
&u t when J think of the bath
iny sprite
fy/ho tits on a boat and dan
yles her feet
jfnd isn't afraid a wave to
mcct —
J*{ yirl tike that has captured
me quite.
thinks of this, but as she gazes upon the
wrinkles and the thin, faded locks, she
inwardly prays that she may be spared
from ever being so afflicted. :i
What is the use of worrying over it?
We cannot very well Instruct old Grandpa
Time, so we might as well accept grace
fully what he's pleased to dole out.
Think of the dear old lady, with soft,
silvery locks, gentle and sweet-faced, who,
after the varied and trying experiences of
existence, while patiently awaiting the
end, is devoting herself with loving un
selfishness to her children and her chil
dren's children, with never a thought of
her own pleasure.
Then let your fancy roam to the artifi
cial creature, with the penciled brows and
rouged cheeks, she of the dark and wavy
false front, who vainly fancies she Is
fooling the world and all who dwell
therein by masquerading in colors other
than her own. . 7?>-.
Which picture do you flnd the more al
luring?
There Is really nothing more grotesque
than the futile effort some women make
to ape youth after It has departed. 80 let
us raise our voices to high heaven and
pray that none of us shall ever become so
deluded.
But, dear me! we started out to discuss
gray hair, didn't we? : -".:'"_.
Gray hair is not always the result of
years, for frequently we see a youthful
face framed in silvery threads, In such
cases the prematurely gray hair ls usu
ally an inheritance, although it may be
caused by dissipation. or ill health, anx
iety or too Intense an application of the
mind. Anything that disturbs the brain
or affects the nervous system will cause
the hair to become dull and lifeless and
white.
The failure of the hair pigment is near
ly- always the cause of the change In color.
Each little hair shaft contains, besides an
oily substance which is necessary for its
or heavy linen, or they are transparent.
The transparent goods of this year are
not the X-ray patterns of last year, the
openworks, canvases and coarse grain
fabrics, but are line sheer goods - that
show the lining like a haze.
White shirt waists which display the
underwaist In the old-fashioned style, but
still becoming, like some of Miss Grant s
trousseau, those which -are now being
made in Paris, are said to be so thin as
to require the most elegant corset cover.
One of these waists has a corset cover
which was made for it. , The cover or vn T
derwafst is of Mechlin lace as fine as a
cobweb. The waist itself is "pineapple"!
net so thin that it is a mere web.
Notwithstanding the rage for all things
American there is a tremendous amount
of exploring being done. Prosperity sea
son in the United States has brought
prosperity season to Paris. The trousseau
of Miss Grant is the most talked about
thing in Paris just now: and the order
which the Prince has sent to a Bond
street jeweler is the gossip of the Ameri
can colony.
It Is a tiara of pearls, and diamonds,
such a wonderful thing as was never seen
jtnd now S behold the Chau
tauqua maid,
With sweet, firm lip and
earnest eyes
TJhat see the world with a
learned surprise,
f/tnd S love her true, J am
afraid /
nourishment, a certain amount of mineral
Ingredients. The failure of one of these
minerals will cause the hair to lose Its
color.
Very fair hair contains magnesia: chest
nut and brown -hair is rich in sulphur, and
In very dark and black hair iron predom
inates. The supply of iron pigment usu
ally falls first, and for that reason black
or dark hair is wont to turn gray earlier
than any other.
Sometimes, with, a view to restoring the
color to prematurely whitened hair, iron
or sulphur is taken internally. As to the
merit of this treatment I cannot speak
positively, but of one thing I am quite
certain— no outward application will Im
part a permanent 'color to the hair. It
stands to reason that this cannot be so,
for the natural coloring matter of the hair
is inclosed within mlriute. tubes overlaid
by imperceptible scales, and this coloring
matter can be thrown from the roots of
the hair through these tubes only by a
physical process. .'•■■77
. So beware of all so-called hair restora
tives. Shun them as you would a grip
microbe. They are dyes, pure and sim
ple. They are unclean and often danger
ous. The only sensible thing to do is to
take th" gray hairs in 'hand when they
flrst make their appearnce. Not literally
in hand, for you know the old saying.
''For every white hair pulled ten will
come to its funeral," but after the first
ones have begun to peep out from among
the glossy locks start right in and follow
the rules of sensible, practical hygiene,
and you will be .able to retard the others
ln their mad onslaught. -
Gray hair can be avoided to a certain
extent if taken in time. The health must
be well guarded. Get out doors and ex
ercise; rest as much as you. possibly can;
eat nourishing foods, and see to it that
the scalp and hair, as well as the body,
are kept in a state of absolute cleanliness.
in the Cantacuzene family before. Miss
Grant, it Is rumored, is to bring an im
mense dower to her Prince. Surely he will
not have to buy silk dresses for her for
many a day to come, for the trousseau or
iel that has been placed with one house
alone includes twelve beautiful silk
gowns, all tight fitting, with sheath skirt,
i::<; elaborately trimmed bodices, many of
them with the tunic. They are in all the
delicate new shades .with three of the old
ones, namely, a navy blue, an olive brown
and an old-fashioned pearl gray.
So many skirts are required this season
that the coutourieres have graciously
provided for the emergency. They supply
a skirt, seamless and ready to be sewed
upon the hand. It comes all in one piece
and the seamstress has only to sew It up
in the back, open the sides to form a flap
placket and to put it on the band, when
it will be found ready to wear. These
can be purchased in the shops and you
see women of fashion purchasing a dozen
or so skirts to be quickly made at home
by the seamstress, who can make six or
eight in a day. There is only one seam
up the back and a hand— no binding, no
fitting, no anxiety about the hanging.
"Uhree maids in one, one maid
in three,
Whichever S see S fancy
thee.
Which J like best J? cannot
say,
So & bid thee all a briyht
yood-day.
Another excellent preventive Is keeping
the hair clipped or singed. To do this
properly the hair should be rolled In amall
twists and rubbed up the wrong way, so
that all the tiny ends will bristle out.
Then singe every split end. The hair
splits at the ends because of insufficient
nourishment at the roots, and the singe
ing takes away- the dead part and invig
orates that which is thriving. Do this
every month, following with a shampoo.
A disease of the scalp will Induce white
hair quicker than old age. The scalp
must be kept perfectly clean and free
from dandruff. Sunning and airing the
hair are of benefit also, and the following
shampoo will be found delightful:
Beat the whites of four eggs to a froth.
Apply to the hair, a little at a time, until
the scalp Is well saturated. Then rub
gently with the finger tips. Pour some
dissolved castile soap over the head and
rub until the scalp is free of dust and
dandruff. Rinse in several clear waters.
Dry with warm towels and sit ln the sun
light for twenty minutes.
To keep hair that is already white from
becoming yellow, wash it often with cas
tile soap and rinse in clear water in which
are a few drops of bluing. This is said
to keep the hair a beautiful silvery
white.
Curling tongs should never be used on
white hair, as they will discolor It.
Answers to Correspondents.
FAITH— Red noses usually accompany
cold feet, bad circulation or impure blood.
Regular diet and exercise are very neces
sary. Avoid highly spiced viands and
stimulating foods, and limit the diet to"
simple, nourishing dlsheß. Take frequent
hot foot baths and apply at night a -paste
made of powdered refined chalk- and rose
water. You'll look like a clown in a cir
On the &arm.
cus and burglars will drop dead when
they see you, but don't you, care. Its a
good cause and worth while. Tell your
friend the first thing to do with her trou
ble is to find out what causes it and
remedy that. It usually comes from one
of two causes— disordered digestion pr
teeth that are in need of attention, it,
however, neither one of these is the seat
of the trouble, the following wash will
remedy the trouble: Alcohol, 185 grams;
cinnamon, 12 grams; ginger, 2 grams; es
sence of peppermint, 4 grams; cloves. ft
gram. Mix and leavs in infusion for two
weeks in a tightly covered vessel. Then
filter through a covered funnel and bot
tle. Add one teaspoonful to a glass or
water and rinse the mouth. .',__.,.
MISS CALIFORNIA— To make your
tresses grow farther down on your
forehead, clip the little fine hairs about
the face and brush it always well down
upon the forehead— never back. The lit
tle pimples under the skin are the result
of congested pores. , They should be
picked out with a fine needle, -and, toilet
vinegar or cold cream applied at once.
If treated properly they will never re
turn. Use' this lotion for the little 'moles
that look like large lrec-..es: Sulphur,
one-half dram; borax,' one-fourth dram;
glycerine, one-fourth ounce; spirits of
camphor, one-fourth ounce; water, seven
and one-half ounces; simple tincture of
benzoin, one-half dram. Rub the sulphur,
borax and glycerine to a fjpe paste, then
add gradually the water and finally the
spirits of camphor and the benzoin. Shake
well before using. ' Apply wto the face
every night with a bit of absorbent cot-
COUIvTRY COUSIN MARY-You do not
tell me just what portions of the body
you wish to develop, so it is rather diffi
cult for me to outline the proper sort of
massage necessary. As to the best de
veloping cream it really makes but little
difference so far as results are concerned
whether you use lanolin, cocoahut oil or
neatsfoot oil. Of course, I would not ad
vise any one of the three for the face,
but for the neck and bust they are all
right To develop the latter pour a little
of the oil In -the hand and then with the
..aim rub' around and around up. ihe
massage must be gentle, as the glands are
very sensitive. If this reply is not per
fectly satisfactory, as I fear it is not,
please write to me again and state more
plainly just what it is you wish to know.
VESTA-Lemon Juice with a little borax
added— ls grains to the ounce Is about the
proper proportion— is the simplest remedy
for freckles. While using this extra pre
cautions must be taken in the way of pro
tecting- the skin when about to expose It
to wind or sunlight. The lemon juice will
also help the saliuwn.ss. I fear 1 can sug
gest nothing for those colorless cheeks
except plenty of exercise ill the open air
and perhaps a good iron tonic The lemon
juice will also" whiten the. hands, and II its
use is followed by the application of a
good cold cream they will become soft as
well li you prefer something that is not
srrea'sy you will find the following lotion
delightful. It is immediately aDSorbed
into the skin and leaves not a trace: lake
30 grains of gum tragaeanth, soak in .
ounces of rosewater for two days; strain
through muslin and add ft ounce each of
glycerine and alcohol, previously mixed.
The proportions that you mention strike
me as very good, with the exception per
haps of the bust measurement, which, to
be symmetrical with the other measure
ments, might easily be increased a couple
of inches. I fear the only remedy for a
thin face is a general Increase of flesh. It
would lake at least a column of space to
sive you a regular course of gymnastics
for health and beauty. I haven't the space
to-day. but watch the Sunday Call. There
will soon be a special talk on that sub
ject
MRS JAMES, Fruitvale— l am not at
all sure of your signature, so have added
the "Fruitvale," hoping ln that way you
may be able to Identify yourself. You
asked about bay rum and acetate of iron
for the hair. I have spent nearly an hour
looking through my very large collection
of formulas, but did not find one contain
ing the last mentioned ingredient. So am
unable to give you the recipe. Am sorry,
but possibly your druggist can give you
the proportions.
VIOLET— I am not the least bit tired
of you. On the contrary, lam very happy
that this department has been a source of
comfort and pleasure to you. and sincerely
hope that you will write as often as you
feel inclined. The formula that you in
close is all right. That is, it cannot pos
sibly injure your skin, although I have
my doubts about it being such a success
as a wrinkle eradicator. It may benefit
the flabby condition of the skin. Suppose
you try It a while and see.
* CARO M.— A correspondent has just
given me a little hint which I ara more
than happy to pass along to you. She
says it was given her by a noted beauty
specialist, and that it is particularly e.fl
r-acious in the treatment of blackheads.
Nice of her. wasn't it? It is to use com
mon table salt when washing the face.
Merely fill the hand with salt, dampen
with water and with it scour the face and
neck until they are all In a glow. It may
irritate the skin a bit at first, but never
mind— keep It up. The salt acts as a
stimulant to the pores of the skin and
will assist them in throwing off the waste
matter' that clogs them. I have not a
doubt in the world that this Is a very ex
cellent-thing. Suppose you try it on those
persistent little black specks before yon
try the., more severe method? Let 'me
know how successful you are.
FLORENCE Please read foregoing
letter to Caro M. on the subject of black
heads. Letter to Faith will answer your
question about the j red nose. Health and
animation are the 'best eye-brighteners I
know of. At any,. rate they are the only
thing? I care to recommend for that pur
pose.
VERA— If you -will massage for ten or
fifteen minutes every night with equal
arts of lanolin, cocoanut oil and cocoa
butter melted together you will in the
course of seven or eight weeks see a de
cided difference In the size of your bust
To increase the weight, first of all get all
ihe re«t that you possibly can. Go to bed
early and' sleep until the last possible mo
ment. Choose only those foods that are
nourishing and fattening, such as crea m.
potatoes, custards, eggs. milk, rice, bread
and butter, game. beef, lamb ormutton.
Sweet wine and malt are excellent .
erases Fruit, especially figs and dates,
wiU help. Avoid fresh bread, spiced, acid
and salty foods. Half an hour before each
meal take a spoonful of pure olive oil in
wo or three spoonfuls of good Burgundy
Have all the outdoor life possible only
let your exercise be moderate Follow
these instructions faithfully and I w ill
guarantee that inside of a few months
you will have got back the fifteen pounds,
the loss of which you are bemoaning.
BUD M S.— Please see answer to Faith.
Glycerin ' does not agree with Iskins.
If "however, in combination with the lem
on juice, it acts so well with your skin,
you can use it with perfect safety .-al
though I should not advise your continu
ing its use for too long a time.
LILLA— very excellent face powder,
perfectly pure, is made after the follow
ins formula: Two and one-half ounces of
rice flour; one and one-fourth ounces of
talcum: two and one-half ; ounces . of
the best zinc oxide; one drop each of oils
of bergamot, ylang-ylang and * neroll.
Have your druggist prepare this for you.
as powders are very troublesome to mix
without the proper appliances If a flesh
tint is desired add a very little finely
nowdered carmine. Lemon juice applied
to the face and followed by a smearing
of good cold cream is as .good as any
thing for removing tan. To get rid of the
moles use acetic acid. Make one applica
tion each night .for three nights Then
cease using the acid. A crust will .. form
which in the course of a couple of weeks
[will drop off, taking the mole with it.^se
the end of a wooden toothpick in making
the application, and. care must- be taken,
not to touch With, the acid any of the
-surrounding white skin, else a scar will
result Cold sores can be cured usually by
constant applications of rosewater, to
I which a few drops of camphor have been
added A paste made Of powdered quinine
and spirits of camphor is also good for
this purpose. ..'.7 7/ .-'.'-
MARY— The skin food is merely to be
massaged firmly but gently into the skin.
The face should ; always be thoroughly
washed before each application, except
when the cream is used instead of a facial
bath, and then it should all . be ; wiped
away with a bit of old, soft, white flan
nel. Keep the hands out of warm water
as much as possible if the veins are large:
The pure oil of sweet almonds is obtained
direct from the almonds by pressure; the
oil made of peachstones is a poor and un
desirable nutation. ■'■ I
j CELESTE— Bleaches which remove the
cuticle entirely are often very danger
ous. The main Ingredient is corrosive
sublimate, which is a deadly poison.
Lemon juice is as strong an acid a.-* any
one should ever apply to the. face. A
little borax added makes It more effec
tive, as borax is very whitening. If you
apply this continuously to the little flat .
brown spots, and also smear on cold
cream, it will in time take them away.
The tiny white spots on the nails are ', us
ually caused by defective circulation. No
external remedy will remove them. Your
last surmise Is correct. How wise you
are!
GOIJ-'ENLOCKS— The little pins to keep
scolding locks In place can be purchased
at any of the regular _nops downtown.
Try this tonic for your hair: Tincture of
cantharides, four drams; glycerin, four
ounces; bay rum, eleven and a half ounces.
Rub into the scalp every night, previously
brushing the hair well. Both the weather
and one's physical condition affect the
complexion, so do not marvel if soma
days you look "Aye years older. The
sulphur lotion, which is for coarse, open
pores, Ib made of one dram of precipi- \
tated sulphur, four drams of ether and
three and a half ounces of alcohol. Shake
well before using and apply as a wash. .
Most of the fruit consumed in the
Queen's household is grown in the
Royal gardens- at Windsor. Some, statis
tics published not long since show that
the Queen's gardens supply in one year no
fewer than 20,000 dessert apples, besides
400 bushels of eating apples of a com
moner kind. The grapes produced in one
season weigh two tons and a half, the
strawberries a ton and a quarter, the red
and white currants a ton, and the cherries
half a ton. Of the rarer fruits about 250
pineapples, 400 melons and between i*/o0
and 7000 peaches are gathered each year.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
3SK9W|B Is removed by PR. and MRS
£lSifTftp_r«^ A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoa
BR -i_2_F «__ building, 1170 Market St.. cor.
__B£s____t«»V Taylor, rooms 28-29, with the
EfcjSSa jJRI electric needle, without pain or
I__r3-M__ J VC- scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles,
«ej9'' __v_ blackheads. freckles, birth-
Y-__\ 'ffffvßa markß, etc., also removed. Per-
wM.Vjj_\_^__Wlt_r9__ rnanency guaranteed. Hour*, 1
wrinkles;
Removed and face rejuvenated by my newly
discovered electrical process 'or $50 to $200. See
what the world's greatest serpentine dancer '
LOIE FULLER,
says about the skin food and tissue builder.
. BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM.
. "I certainly can recommend ycur delightful
cream .- . ■* one of the best things for Its pur-
pose I have ever used." v - -/_\ y.
Autograph letter can h»_een at office of
;•'-■; . . A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D.
_FRIBjE. °R,THE HAIR.
£_ * \yf ■—One week's treatment free.
Si J >u , rchaser of a bottle of Blonntrine,
the wonderful .new hair preparation, will re-
_tA^_ _ I S.^' eek S treatment free. Blonntrine re-
ri^. B .™- 7 er '*<>«<» hair to Its natural color.
.__?££_?.? Produces a new growth of hair on
paid heads a, d restores lost eyebrows. For
treatment apply to 1201 Bush st. from 1 to I
p. m. dally, - . -.-- .- . .TUNNL COMPLETED THAT ENDS SAN FRANCISCO'S
THRALDOM
WORK THAT MEANS MUCH TO
THE PEOPLE OF THIS
STATE.
THE Valley Head tunnel through the Centra Costa hills, which *
has just been nnished- is declared by the engineers to be the 4.
most remarkable tsiece of tunnel work in the world. It is over a »
mile in length "and 77* was finished in fourteen months, J.
breakia g all previous known records by over one hundred lays. ♦
Sot a single man Lost bis life, although over two thousand ~
have be-.: employed. There was no accident more serious than a. ♦
sprained auk...
Th-_ ground through which the tunnel passes is of a character ♦
never bcicre cut through fora railroad tunnel. It swelled and '.
slipped and crushed the heaviest timbers. t
Much cf the wo.lt had to be d.ne oi-.r, and <iave-ins wars quite "■"
numerous. The tunnel filed with water "-"•- * drainage system had *
to be built. Every foot of the way had to be contested against the J
forces "- nature. a
And vet with all the3e obstacles the tunnel has been finished i
In racers-breaking time and Is to-day a marvel in its way. The last £
timber was put in piace a few day. ago and the last load of earta .
was hauled cut to the dump. When this was done San Francisco's £
thralidom to transportation monopoly was at an end. #
Removing Last Pile of Earth.
W- -_■-_. definitely decided
that the valley Road should
come to tha eastern shore of
the bay. only a few miles from
Sar. Franciscc. a great problem con
fronted the engineers. The claim was
made that the scheme was impracticahis
"Thcre ls no pas 3 through the hills."
shouted one.
"The Southern Pacific has a monopoly
on the enly two routes around the base
of Mount Diablo." shouted another.
"The thing is impossible." cried a large
mob. Ar.d for a time it locked as If the
shouters knew what they were shouting
But they didn't, fcr -_-_. is now a
complete roadbed belonging to the Valley
Read reaching cut from Point Richmond
and extending to all parts of the country.
Trains wiil be running regularly over this
read before Christmas, and travelers will
be able to ' take a modem ferry-boat at
the- foot of Market street and In a few
hours te far Into the interior of the State.
And th*»y will be able to reach many near
by towns much more quickly than they
can by the present road.
At least that is what the Valley Road
engineers say. and by the wonderful work
they have dene in buiiding the road
through a country where every foot of tne
way had to be contested with the forces
jf nature their statements are entitled to
the greatest consideration.
The rcadbed problem was solved by the
building of a tunnel through the Contra
Ccsta hills. It Is new claimed that In a
great many ways this is the most wonder
ful tunnel ever built. The tunnel was com
pleted one night last week. The last tim
ber was put in place and the last pile of
earth was hauled out to the dump. When
that was done San Francisco's thraiidom
to transportation monopoly was at an end.
Ail that now remains to be done to the
tunnel Is work of a kind that has been
done before. There are no more prob
lems to solve and it is only a question of
a short time before trains that have come .
__. the way from the Atlantic seaboard
will be regularly passing beneath the
Contra Costa hills.
But all thi3 -__ only been accomplished
at the expense of work and anxiety. Hun
dreds of men have labored for nearly SCO
days and engineers have spent many
sleep nights solving the different prob
lems that presented themselves as the
work progressed.
The work has been under the direction
cf Engineer Storey. Assistant Engineer
Brown had charge of the work at the tnn
nel and gave his best efforts to bring
ing it to a successful conclusion.
"We consider this the most remarkable
tunnel ever built." he said a few minutes
after the las- timber was pal in place.
"If our work baa ever been, duplicated I
wcu'.d like to know of It
"This tunnel is within i few incnes of
5*30 feet In length. _: la the second largest
bread-gauge tunnel In California.
"But the remarkable part of our work
■• principally the time in which '.he work
was accomplished. This was only about
fourteen months and I think it breaks the
record by at least a hundred days. The
tunnel was completed without loss of
life and the accidents that have occurred
have been of the most trivial character.
I am quite sure that the worst case was
that of a sprained ankle Of sickness there
has been practically none.
••But I tell you the work has been a
strain- The tunnel is built through differ
ent soil -m any other tunnel In exist
ence and we had to keep studying on the
problem all the time. Something new
turned tip almost every day. Mr. Muir.
tbe contractor, who has built eighteen
railroad tunnels in his business career,
says that he never did any work like this.
With all his knowledge and experience
he found the substances through which he
had to cut entirely differ.--.-, bona what he
had expected. But It is all done now and
we are breathing easier and sleeping bet
ter. The only thing that troubles us now
is something that we understand. It will
only be a short time 'before everything
will be running along smoothly and the
building oi tho U-naol only a matter cr
history." .
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
The story of the building of the Valley
Road tn -•"'-- the Contra Ccsta
hills is indeed a remarkable one. The ap
proaches or cuts before the tunnel proper
commences are each several hundred feet
long and cut through a very- loose earth-
Work on the approaches was com
menced Thanksgiving day, Mil. Accord
ing to calculations and surveys 'here was
about eO.O-O cubic feet of earth to -be
moved. This, however, was fir Gram what
was event taken out.
" From the day the work was commenced
nntll the last timber was in place there
was not a single day's cessation. Night
and day. Sundays and holidays, the la
borers kept . king away, and '.he engi
neers were equally hard at It working out
plans to meet the different exigencies that
cropped up. Even on the Fourth of July
the work went on and the only semblance
of celebration was the explosions of the
powder used for blasting the loose earth,
so that it ccuid be shoveled into the dump
cars. But the laborers did not consider
It celebrating, because the work was the
same that they had been doing for days
and days.
As the earth was taken out of the cuts
o* the approaches, on the lines laid down
In the survey, trouble began. The earth
proved .-: it --re fragile than was ex
pected. Caving of 'he banks was fre
quent and after a certain rainstorm the
entire cut was filled up nearly level. Of .
course the approach was widened In ac
cordance and made a complete change
necessary in the plans. The work of re
moving the landslide earth took several
days and was most severe on men and
horses who had to work knee deep In
mud. All th'S delayed the work, but in
time everything was accomplished and
work on the tunnel proper commenced.
.This was In May of last year.
Work was commenced at both ends of
the tunnel at the same time. The Marti
nez end was the flr3t to get well under
way.
At this end the first few hundred feet
of the work was through a hard sand
atone. Then came a hard, flinty rock that
was close to the bottom and made work
stow.
After that trouble commenced, for a
sort of black adobe slate was struck that
proved about as manageable is a lump
of quicksilver.
As fast as the work went along the
timbers were put in. While the cut was
being made through '.he rock the timbers
stayed where they were put as Mi as
the rock of Gibraltar. But when the black
adobe slate was struck things were dif
ferent.
About -. hundred feet of timbering had
been put in of the same style A3 that
in the stony section. It looked all right
and everybody was congratulating them
selves on the great progress being made.
But one day Engineer Brown was call
ed hurriedly by a workman. Something
Palmistry : Read Tour Hand
MISS JOSIE G. C, Haywards— Your
married life will be a happy one. You
will have four children, and one of the
number will be very delicate, requiring
ail your care and patience to raise it.
Twice in your own life you will narrowly
escape death.
LILLIE HART— This is a dreamy na
ture, fond -of poetry- and art. but very
much lacking in the practical elements.
You dislike responsibilities of all kinds,
but you will marry at the age of 23. and
happily.
FRED LAMONT— Your hand shows the
probability of an accident by water. You
have followed the sea the better part of
your _______ You will probably never mar
ry, but your life will be a generally con
tented one. - f'.f'y
LUCIAN DYER. 404 Post— Is the
hand of i student, one who. though
perhaps somewhat cramped financially,
will make a . flattering success in the
world. You will make money by Invest
ments later on.
TOM McKAY— are inclined to take
. Ufa too easily and to care too much, for
Looking Toward Center of Tunnel.
the mere pleasures of existence. You
have had a checkered career and your
health is not of the best. You can make
many changes which would be beneficial
to you. .:■-'-. 7-7
A. C. S.. Lorin— Is the hand of
a close calculator, who worries too per
sistently about money matters. You have
poor digestion, and will not live a long
life, nnles3 you change your course In re
gard - to diet and general hygiene.
JOSIE SLATER, Larkin street— Yours
is the hand of a high principled person
and one of artistic talent, but financial
difficulties have interfered between you
and your artistic career. There are. how
ever, better prospects ahead for you.
CHARLES H.. 404— You are too anx
ious to acquire wealth, and must remem
ber that there are other things far more
worthy of your effort- You are aggres
sive and firm almost to obstinacy; and
so run the risk of making many ene
mies.
ELLA B. P., St. Helena— is the
hand of a genius. You aspire to a uni
versity education and you will succeed in
WitbiO the Tunnel. Looking Out.
A MARVELOUS ENGINEERING
PEAT SUCCESSFULLY
COMPLETED
was wrong with the timbers, the roan
said.
When Mr. Brown saw the timbers he
was almost bewildered.
The symmetrical lines ---'--. the
timbers in had all vanished- Instead that
section through the adobe soil resembled
more the contour of a rattlesnake. In
and out. up and down, higgledy-piggeJdy,
the timbers stocd fore him. Then he
noticed that the floor of the tunnel had
risen several inches.
Here was a problem calculated to give
a railroad builder the nightmare. Nothing
like It had ever been heard of before and
the solution of the problem was net easy.
Of course a consultation of engineers
took place, and a careful exam'nation of
the --.7 i portion of' the tunnel was
made. The conclusion reached wi- that
the black adobe slate constituted a sort
of "swelling ground." Certain elements
In the soil on being moistened with the
water that was set in motion by the tun
nel swelled, and consequently forced the
ground the direction of the least re
sistance, which was toward the timbers.
literary work. You will travel extensively
and have a long life.
MRS. ELLA SMITH. Fruitvale— Your
hand shows love of detail, but you are
guided by intuition rather than by pro
cesses of reasoning. You have sustained
two serious financial losses within the
last ten years and your husband died sud
denly. BPiQ
BEATRICE PRICE. McAllister Street—
This hand Indicates an intelligent mind,
with bright hopes Cor the future. You will
succeed as a teacher, as you are patient
and kind and get on amicably with chil
dren Your disposition is very lovable. •
808 8.. Berkeley— palm shows a
rather frivolous nature, with no very
great depth of thought. Tou are rather
easy-going, and inclined to be somewhat
selfish. You will marry a wealthy woman
early in life.
THOMAS O'MEARA— Yours is the hand
of a man in public life. You are a born
politi* and a good citizen. Avoid
liquor as much as possible, as It Is not
good for you.
FRANK TAYLOR— hand indi
cates many excellent qualities but a
rather undisciplined mind. You had an
unfortunate love affair tn early life which
quite unsettled you. but you will realize
that It was all for the best.
CARRIE BAKER. 11.4— You are bright
and cheerful and form friendships readily,
but lack constancy. You will marry flrst
at 21. and again later ta life.
CLARA, Your palm Indlcatea a
spit-teal, mind, • cue interested in all. re
Under these instances there was
nothing to be done except to take out the
bent timbers and put In others. In some
cases this had to be lone as many as
three times.
But the trout at this -me was nothing
to. sat came later on from the same
source. At the Point Richmond end of
the- tunnel many timbers, 12x12 . inches
thick, were broken In two a3 If they were
matches, m great was the power of the
swelling ground. Experience has shown
that ._-.-- moves at Intervals until
It reaches a certain point, when M stops
and remains perfectly 3olid. The first —.
bers to show signs of --_--:
after being repaired twice remained per
fectly rigid. They are just as straight to
day as the timbers -7. rough the stony sec
tion, and they have been In position for
over ten months. There is little likelihood
that they will cause any more trouble. ,
a. the tonne! pot deeper and deeper Into
the hill light and air had to be provided
for the workers. This necessitated the In
stallation of electric and pumping plants
at both ends of the tunnel. A large air
pump exhausted the air from the newly
cut end and a fresh volume rushed In at
the ether. As incandescent lights were
vfsed there was no vitiation from oil
smoke, and as a consequence the air was
almost always as pure as on the outside.
The exception was -■'.--. blast, when
the powder smoke was usually quite tfakxfc.
But this _..--: d : Inconvenience, as the
men never started to work until the
smoke had thoroughly cleared away.
And so the work went on day and night-
One gang of workers gave place to an
other- at both ends each morning and
evening, so there was practically no In
:-— yy -
About a month ago the two gangs began
to hear one mother through the wall of
earth that still had to be removed. Each
day the sounds became more and more
distinct, and finally voices could be heard.
The men shouted to one another and ex
changed congratulations.
But this condition did not last long, for
a good big blast blew a hole clear through
and the two gangs became one. The men
cheered and yelled and hardly waited for
the smoke to clear away before each gang
scrambled through lnta the domain of the
other.
The breaking through of the wall
solved the ventilation problem, for a cool
sea breeze rushed through Eton Point
Richmond _..-. invigorated the baked
workers of the Martinez end. The air
pump. stopped at once, for there was no
longer need of them. The tunnel ts _I . i
to be perfectly ventilated and there win
be no need of air pumps, even to exhaust
the smoke of the trains that wlil run
through in the future.
From the time the wall of earth was
broken through until the last timber was
In place was only a few days. Work was
rushed through with all -peed. Having
pure air. the men accomplished more than
they had been in the habit of accom
plishing, and as a consequence got
through sooner. The pile of earth that
remained was soon hauled out and the
timbers hauled in. First the uprights were
put in place and then the heavy segments
of- the arch. Tier after tier was finished
until only one remained. When oniy one
segment was left all hands got to this.
a good pull on the rope and it was lifted
into place. The tunnel was finished.
The accompanying photograph shows
the last segment being hoisted. By rare
good luck every piece fitted -at the wind
up and there was no hitch anywhere.
All that remains to be done now is to
make a few repairs of broken timbers
and pot in the stone ballast for the road
bed. Then the track will be laid. When
this Is done It will not be long before the
whistle of the first train will be heard
at Point Richmond. The splashing of
the paddle wheels of a new ferryboat
will accompany it. and San Francisco will
have a competing railroad.
ligious and philanthropic matters. Your
husband will be Inclined to oppose you In
your work, as his nature will not be so
generous and sympathetic as yours.
WALTER. DAWSON. Portland. Ore.—
This hand show- delicate health up to
your twenty-first year, when you will go
abroad ana return greatly improved in
your physical condition. You had a seri
ous accident at 1.. but I see none of Im
portance In the future.
FLORENCE ATKINSON*. City—
lines show good executive ability and you
will make an excellent manager, as you
are lust and straightforward. You will
rule your husband absolutely, but not by
111-temper or scolding.
MRS. E. H. EL, San Jose— You are a
woman of great energy, keen perceptions
and thrown business calculations. You
have generous impulses and a kind and
sympathetic disposition. You will be mar
ried — once late in life
LAURA J.. San Jose— You are a rather
stubborn woman, yet possessed of great
tact and Ingenuity. You were a delicate
child and suffered from a spinal difficulty.
You will marry late in life, between 33
and 37. and will have a happy home.
A. B. C. Oakland— Too have some mu
sical talent and will succeed as a teacher.
You will travel, seeing many parts of the
world.
Stadar.-.- N--r_:a--._. trupil c. St. OerOMis,
_____■____■ palmist; ian__ba__ by —St% fl: ofic*
hour- ltol p. _ Ci Geary r~. *- c • Jossa:
c_a_aaa_ : t"l* .yf. -26
FROM SUNDAY-SCHOOL
TO COMING OPERA
WHO is there that has ever seen
Hattie Bell Ladd in the many
different characters which
she has been so successfully
playing at the Grand Opera
house who does not wish to
know more than can be gained from
"the front" and the librettos and pro
grammes attainable there, of the his
tory and personality of this charming
little singer and actress?
The little New England girl who grad
uated from Sunday-school entertain
ments to the comic-opera stage Is still
as simple and unspoiled as one of the
sweet May-flowers of her native State
when first the soft mantle of spring
snow Is brushed aside from Its fragrant
pink-and-white beauty.
Our recent fogs and winds having
played havoc with the pretty contralto's
vocal cords, she was, after valiantly
carrying out her role of ' Carmen ln spite
of acute physical suffering, compelled
during the run of "Olivette" to resign
the part of the Countess Rousillon and
appear in the less exacting but, from a
merely visual standpoint, quite as fas
cinating character of Moustique. Ar
rayed in the by no means superabund
ant but decidedly becoming garments of
the gay young midshipman, she re
ceives a. favored caller with al! the gra
cious and gentle dignity of a high-bred
BostonCse.
A beautiful Pomeranian puppy lying
on the lounge amid a swirl of satins and
laces— a fluffy bundle of soft, white hair
out of which pokes a long, fpxy nose
and shines two big brown lambent eyes
—is not so cordial, for he growls threat
eningly, and is only quieted when his
mistress )<ats his alert bead affection
ately. Above thai head, in bold relief
against the gray shadow of the wall,
appears a large placaid on which this
futile mandate is set forth in large
black letters: "No dogs or any other
animals allowed in the dressing-rooms."
Miss Ladd glances up at it and smiles
serenely, and her reigning pet yawns
unreservedly and snuggles down into
his comfortable nest again.
"Dogs and horses are my twin weak
nesses," declares Ihe singer. "I am a
friend to all dogs, blue-blooded or mon
grel, and pride myself upon being able
to drive, and drive well, anything in the
shape of a horse that ever wore har
ness. Ride? Xo; queerly enough, I do
not ride at aii. for all I am so fond of
horses. Eastern girls do not go In for
equestrianism, as 1 find Western girls
do; but since I came out here and have
seen some of your lady riders 1 have
begun to have ambitions of my own in
that direction which I shall try to make
realities as soon as opportunity offers.
One really has no time to do. anything
--'■- ■--■.■
WHAT BLANCHE BATES
THINKS OF THE CAL
IFORNIA MAN.
"T" 'T* "VHAT of the California man?
\ A J Has nature slighted him
y while lavishing gifts upon our
*" * fair women?
Has beauty and talent a sex
ln the Golden State?
These questions are asked eternally
of the wanderer in foreign lands.
These questions bob up serenely at
cHib functions and fetes.
Why
Because for years the California
woman has been the inexhaustible sub
ject; she has gloried in the monopoly
of triumphs in newspaper, book and
eong. Plays have been written for her.
Blanche Bates as Milady in "The Three Musketeers."
at all but act and rehearse during the
season, you know. The operatic pro
fession—in fact, any line of dramatic
work— ls exacting to the last degree.
The moment you begin to aspire to
master it you become a slave."
"Stage-struck girls don't realize any
thing, about it," goes on the prima
donna, energetically; "they only see
results. They see the play as a whole—
the pretty stage costumes, the glitter
and sparkle of it all. They hear the ap
plause and see the flowers go over the
footlights, and they think it is all easy
and lovely and soul-satisfying— but lt
isn't." : ib?:
"Then you would not advise a girl
to go on the stage?" The question is
asked tentatively, but it has the effect
Poets have extolled her virtues, have
fallen at her feet to pay homage to
her beauty; have poured Incense at her
shrine, shielding her with the invinci
ble armor of their praise until the
world is forced to join them in con
tagious adulation. Artists have ideal
ized her and all nature bows and smiles
for California woman.
"But California man— what of him?"
This I asked Blanche Bates between
acts last night at the California Thea
ter.
Blanche Bates, pretty, piquant and
patriotic perched upon a huge box in
the dressing room, with her elbows
resting upon her knees and her chin
nestling in her palms, regarded me
quizzically.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
of making Miss Ladd's most artistically
"made-up" blue eyes look. very serious
and determined.
"Most assuredly no." she says, pat
ting one daintily booted foot upon the
.arpet emphatically. "Unless a girl has
Indisputable talent, the patience of Job
himself, perseverance unconquerable
and a constitution of iron the stag*- is
no place for her. The few ,who really
succeed in making their way to' the
front through the crowd of those who
are constantly struggling to get there
prove the truth of my statement. For
myself, I never was stage-struck. I
sang and danced and played little plays
of my own almost as soon as I could
trot about on my two feet; but as none
of my people were in any way- connect
ed with dramatic life there was no
thought in the family that I should ever
A gray cowboy hat tilted over the
brqw and shaded two great brown
eyes— eyes that sparkled with a mis
chievous light as she repeated my ques
tion, "What about California men?"
Then roguishly: "Can't .uu guess my
opinion?''
"I ' rhaps, but "
'"Then let me tell you. Well, for one
thing," she began, . "they are the most
chivalrous in their treatment of women
of any men in the world. It is this uni
versal courtesy that every woman re
ceives from every California man and
thinks it her birthright; nor does she
know that she has it until she removes
to an Eastern clime and feels its
dearth in the social menagerie. The
California man is as different from the
Eastern product in his demeanor as day
is from night. Now I have no reference
to the carpet knight, for a polite man
is a polite man the wide world over; but
the California man In general is the one
of whom I speak. '
"Me is generous, brave and has that
Impulsive heartbeat for all humanity
that the mercenary, cramped Eastern
beau does not possess. *
"You see this spirit manifested in. the
everyday walks of life; you feel it in
the atmosphere; in the beam of his
be an actress. I was always given a
prominent part ln all the Sunday-school
and church entertainments, -and as I
grew older took singing lessons and be
, gan to sing in church.
"My people were utterly astonished
when I. beginning to realize " that I
ought to do something for myself in
stead of being always taken care of.
persuaded Barnabee of the Bostonians
to hear me sing. They were still more
astonished when I almost immediately
secured an engagement in the' Boston
ians No. 2,' and— home girl as I
was, that had never before even been
ln a sleeping-car— traveled alone with
them as far west as St. Louis and all
through the Southern States. That was
the beginning of my theatrical work
and I made so much of a success of it
that as soon as I returned Mr. •Wolffe
engaged me for two seasons at the Cas
tle Square Theater In Boston, where I
not only did pretty well both artistical
ly and financially, but accumulated a
repertoire, which is standing me in
good stead at the present time. You
see" (this Judicially). "I had the pa
tience, the perseverance and the con
stitution.
"I have two ambitions which are
really one: to save money enough to go
to Europe for a thorough course of
musical 'study, and to go into grand
opera exclusively. It Is too bad that
my voice, so far, has relegated me al
mostly exclusively to these—" and she
looks down at her tights with a little
frown -of disapproval.
' "Don't you like them? Don't you
think they are nice?"
The last word comes with an effort,
the scarlet tights do look so particular
ly well on Moustlque's shapely figure,
but the singer shakes her head decided
ly- „s_ _
• "I hate them!" she declares. but
what can I do? It is the contralto
voice that settles it. The very first
part I played was Allan-a-Dale in 'Rob
in Hood,' and all my dear New England
relatives and friends and acquain
tances wondered at my daring. I had,
to do it, however, or give up entirely,
and that I certainly wouldn't do, and
I've become accustomed to them now,
though I never shall like them. That's
one thing that a girl has to learn as
soon as she goes into this business—
that she can't have her own way about
even her own costume if her ideas con
flict with the ideas of those" in author
ity-"
The caller gently leads to pleasanter
subjects and finds Miss Ladd enthu
siastic about this far Western land to
which she has for the first time wan
dered, and especially delighted with
our people and our bay. '
"I was drearily homesick for the first
day or two," she declares, "but such
kind audiences and such delightful
yachting trips as have fallen to my
lot have made San Francisco seem like
a veritable paradise,"
And just here her cue came.
merry eye; in fact, his 'whole being is
filled with that 'live and let live' im
pulse.
"If you would mark the contrast? Just
board a crowded Third avenue, ear.
There you will find men and women
hanging on to the straps. If a seat is
vacated is a woman urged to take it?
Not by any means. The man nearest
the opening slides into it as gracefully
as if it were vacated by his order; nor
will he move along — not he — and the
conductor is indifferent to" It all. Old
ladies may grow faint from wear'
mothers with' heavy babes may shift
their burdens from hip tofHp; the man
of New -York looks calmly on or else
reads his* evening paper, 'iffftf ..'.
"At first I could hardly understand It.
and wondered how long a Market street
car conductor would permit such con
duct without a protest. But I grew ac
customed to it after awhile and learned
to look upon the polite man with a feel
ing of curiosity. Then there is another
thing but of course I am prejudiced In
favor of California. I am told that I
make myself obnoxious to my New-
York friends by my Inexhaustible
praise for everything from California.
They literally put up a screen when I
begin to talk. Nothing exists outside of
the Huh. to New Yorkers, and conse
quently the truth is dubbed incredible
or put down to my pride of State.
"Fruit, flowers, climate, scenery.
everything palls before the things I en
joyed and the things I had in glorious
California. I know thai it is Impolitic
for me to say this, for I expect to make
New York my home in the future, but
I can't. I just can't forget that woman
enjoys more freedom here and that we
owe it to the wholesome, solid respect
of our California men.
"Particularly is this contrast notice
able of woman's safety In going out
alone at night. It is a privilege that
certainly raises the status of moral law
in favor of the Western man.
"No Eastern woman is safe without an
escort. But in San Francisco I could
■walk from the .ferry to Twin Peaks
without fear. Could I do this In the
East. Oh, no. Why is this so?. Be
cause the man by the Western sea has
higher principles of society and greater
regard for woman. We cannot shut
our eyes to it. I am home now in dear
old Frisco and am going to enjoy the
freedom of thought and expression
which characterize the energies of our
great State.
Oh, men of the West, this is what one
California girl thinks of you.
ANNABEL LEE.
At the Theaters
During the
Week.
THE chief Interest of the week seems
to have been the revival of that old
familiar play "The New Magdalen,"
and it bids fair to do the largest
business of Miss Roberts' season,
not even excepting "Camille." I re
member a year ago when "East Lynne"
was put on In response to popular de
mand that at the fall of the curtain Miss
Roberts went to her dressing room In
despair, declaring that the part was not
suited to her, that anotner night like the
one just over was more than flesh could
stand, and that she positively refused to
go on again in the part. She awoke next
morning to flnd the critics telling her
with one accord that It was the very best
work she had done and that she had
proven herself to be one of the foremost
emotional actresses of the day. She
smiled a little, ate her breakfast with
Increased appetite and went back to duty
and her part as meek as a lamb.
The reception of "The New Magdalen"
is another surprise. After each rehearsal
a despairing hand would prune and cut
and rewrite and alter the action with a
view to bringing the play within the ap
preciation and approval of an audience
of to-day, and many were the predictions
of failure. Miss Roberts is a master hand
at cutting, and will never, if possible,
speak an unnecessary line. At the close
of the scenic rehearsal they had not yet
decided what the ffnal speech, known to
the profession as the "tag," was to be,
and after Mr. Moore had exhausted his
patience waiting for a decision he said:
"Well, Miss Roberts, when you want the
curtain rung down to-night just wave to
me. I'll be on the lookout for the signal."
I haven't found out yet whether it was
waved or winked down, but I do know
that the speech served to put a tired set
of mummers 1; a royal good humor.
Miss Roberts has a keen sense of humor
and has many a good story to tell ln con
nection with her stage Ufa. Here is a
h|attie Bell Ladd as Moustique ir) "Olivette."
choice morsel. At a certain "one night
stand" where the stage manager was
more energetic than intelligent "the gar
den scene for Faust was set with a bril
liant red carpet." When Miss Roberts
reached the wings ano was confronted
with Its gaudy patterns the shock almost
made her forget her lines. Rising to the
occasion, however, she entered and threw
poor Faust Into merry confusion by the
following enlarged speech: "Father left
us something to possess, this pretty house
and garden and (with an elaborate
gesture) this beautiful carpet!" Faust
went up stage in a panic. Marguerite filled
in the gap of glee with a few extra lines
and the audience was none the wiser.
Mme. Modjeska was in the habit of
drawing queer caricatures on the letter
she sends to Nichette in the last of Ca
mille and Miss Roberts, while all tho
world is in tears, herself included, writes
the funniest of letters. Here la the one
she wrote at the Sunday night perform
ance:
"My Dear Nichette: I am dying to
night for the last time. I cannot come
to church, but I will meet you revivified
to-morrow at 11 o'clock. Yours miracu
lously, MERCY MERRICK."
Those who sit in front of the footlights
know but little of the weariness of con
stant rehearsal. At 4 o'clock on Tuesday
I found the Frawley company still re
hearsing "Sans Gene" and they had been
hard at work since 9. Even then Miss
Bates was merry as a cricket and full of
enthusiasm, cheering the company to a
good humor with her happy voice and
bright smile. Not till rehearsal was over
did she realize how tired she was and
collapse and a paltry two hours'
rest against a trying evening's perform
ance. "The Dancing Girl"' has played to
a most satisfactory week's business and
the staircase fall is eagerly applauded.
To my mind it has absolutely nothing to
recommend it. It is simply a piece of
daring gymnastics, without beauty, with
out reason, without need, and the strain to
save one's neck and limb must be fear
fully trying to the nerves of an actress.
No author has the right to demand such
a sacrifice to make his play a success.
"The i Dancing Girl" sets us moralizing.
"I'm the topmost rose of the topmost
branch and I love the sun!" says Dru
silla. So do. all the topmost roses of the
topmost branches and ln their triumph
they forget that "roses must live and
love, but winds must blow," and how the
wind can toss and tear and scatter such
to the dust. It is the old story; carefully
insulate a girl from life and one day when
the woman In her wakes she will feel
herself bound and her chief concern will
be that the bonds be broken, not how
they should be broken, and on she rushes
through experience, too often to ruin.
The play is a lesson to many a parent
who feels himself wise in his rigid au
thority. -
"Mmc, Sans .Gene" »r _______ ea to ba
a fine performance. We have not seen
it for several years, but we still remem
ber Mr. Cook's excellent portrayal of the
role of Napoleon. From observation at
rehearsals, I predict that Miss Bates will
be a delightful Sans Gene, and she does
not in the least suggest Kathryn Kid
der.
Another California girl ls about to have
earnest effort and talent rewarded. Miss
Querlta Vincent, who has been playing
ln vaudeville for many months, is about
to leave for the East and join the ranks
of a first-cls_E__ comedy company. If signa
do not fail, she has a bright future, and
I predict that she will be heard from.
"Olivette" has amused the merry multi
tude all the week at the Grand Opera
house and will be lowed by "Faust,"
to be sung In English.
Next week will be the farewell week
of Lewis Morrison at the Alcazar. Cu
riously enough, the bill is also to be
"Faust, and thus dramatically and mu
sically we may see Mephisto buy the souls
of his victims.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
The Outer World.
It is said that Langdon Mitchell's dram
atization of "Vanity Fair" for Mrs.
Fiske the- play will be called "Becky
Sharp"— has seized every dramatic Inci
dent that relates to that universally in
teresting character, and that he haa
evolved a play which, as it relates faitn
fully to the novel, is even more skillful
and Interesting than was Mrs. Fiske'9
"Tess of the D'Urbervllles" as that re
lated to the Hardy story. Mr. Mitchell
has shown a thorough appreciation of the
dramatic values ln "Vanity Fair" and a
remarkable constructive ability in assem
bling them in dramatic sequence. Ex- m
perts who have examined the work have __'
marveled at its symmetry, the march of
its events and the completeness of the
story as it is unfolded. it is said of the
play as It stands that the reader of "Van
ity-Fair" will find In It that peculiar sat
isfaction that flows from the picturing of
a favorite novel on the stage— the living
embodiment of its characters and the*
actuality of its scenes— while one unac
quainted with Thackeray's story, if there
be such a one, will enjoy the play as a
perfect story In itself.'
Edna Wallace Hopper will star next
season In "Chris and the Wonderful
Lamp," in which extravaganza Jerome
Sykes is also to have a leading role. The
production will be made under the direc
tion of Klaw & Erlanger. George Broad
hurst will do the dramatization and John
Philip Sousa is writing the music. Mrs.
Hopper and Mr. Sykes will be supported,
among others, by Mabella Baker, John
Page, Ethel Irene Stuart and Nellie
Lynch. _____ '•'■'ff- '
After performances at Honolulu Janet
Waldorf sailed thence for Yokohama-
Miss Waldorf was accompanied by her
manager, James H. Love, Ada Dow Cur
rier. Virginia Cranna and Norval Mc-
Gregor, the rest of her company having
decided to remain in Hawaii and play a
stock season there. The company will
begin an engagement at Manila August 15.
By way of Illustrating the popularity
of Johann Strauss as a waltz composer,
a Viennese Journalist says he remem- A
bers seeing, one day, in front of a
music store, eighty huge boxes filled with
copies of the "Blue Danube" waltz, all
intended for America. , Nevertheless,
Strauss had received only 250 florins for
this* waits, '-y.-"-.Gay Revelers at the French Ball.
THE FACTS
DEMONSTRATE
THE EXISTENCE
OF AN
EVTU--THETR
exposure MAY
SUGGEST a
REMEDY-
t— ii — 3H] tragic end of Florence Par
; ker the pretty girl of the half
j world who welcomed death as
|i a messenger cf oblivion, has
raised the curtain on a local
drama that la true, if it ls neither moral
nor edifying The young woman, who
chose the wild, drunken revelry of the
French ball as the setting for the clos
ing scene of her life, has furnished an
incident of San Francisco morals and
manners which Is perhaps without pa
rallel in any other American city. It
[is not an agreeable task for men and
women to look upon themselves as
others see therm and the story of how
seme people of this city celebrated the
fall of the Bastile may not be pleasant.
The facts, however, demonstrate -»-.__
existence of an evil, and their exposure
may suggest a remedy.
The fall of the Bastile was in ex
cuse a few days age for a dlt justing,
outrageous org.-. In which men of
prominence and women, clinging still
to their thought of self-respect, partici
pated. Men that deal justice in local
courts sang ribald songs and clinked
glasses with women whose acquain
tance they would not dare admit in the
light of day. "Women, whose sober m -
stinct prompts them to draw their
skirts In hasty repulsion from possible
contact with some of their sex whose
skirts are soiled, danced on an equality
c* sham* with abandoned creatures of
the tenderloin.
Lawyers, Judges, business and pro
fessional men were there cheek by jowl
with the human refuse of the..clty. The
celebration in honor of the fall of the
Bastile had ended at midnight. Until
that hour the French citizens of the
city, their friends and sympathizers
had obeyed the dictates of a worthy
sentiment and worthily honored a day
that marks an e^och In the history of
the French people. After that hour the
place became the scene of incidents, the
description of which could not be Justi
fied except as an exposure of a shame
ful evu.
- At midnight thrones passed in and
... of the gates of the Chutes. Those
that were going had remembered a day
sacred to them It. their traditions and
ln their love of their mother country.
Those that were coming were eager for
a night's debauch. It was not long be
fore indecency established a common
level for the revelers. All classes min
gled on a common plane.
The gayest among the drunken
throng was a petite, black-eyed, pretty
girl, richly gowned. There was no - ---
gestion made by reveling companions
that did not meet her approval. She
was rating the fall of the Bastile
as the closing incident of her life, which
had known nothing of care, nothing
07' morality and no more of self-respect.
This girl mingled with every crowd-
She sat at a table in the drinking pa
vilion, touching glasses in reckless
good fellowship with men who would
r.ot admit her acquaintance, except
after midnight. She brushed against
women whose veiled faces indicated
that either their position or their pre
sumption prompted them to feign de
cency in an indecent place. There was
a confusion of sights ar.d sounds. Mu
sic was playing, lights were gleaming.
glasses were clinking and crashing.
Now and then sorr.^ cf the revelers
would divide themselves from the
throng nnd an indecent dance would
mark another incident of the night.
Loud voices would grow louder, laugh
ter and merry words would turn to
curses, caresses change to blows and
friends would supplement with their
fists the arguments of their drunken
tongues.
Police officers, conveniently deaf,
dumb and blind, would recover their
senses, separate the quarrelers and ac
cept again the hospitality of the bar.
The girl, whn was spending her last
hours of life in the midst of scenes that
still possessed an attraction but no nov
elty, watched 11 all. As the night ad
vanced all restraint was discarded. AH
classes were mingling in riotous un
concern. The girl and her chaperone,
who happened to be her mother, left
the drinking pavilion, where the lights
burned brightly and the babel of voices
confused.
Outside in the dim g-Is i - grounds
the throng was as great as it was In
the pavilion. The girl stopped at the
merry-go-round. Music, woefully and
discordantly metallic, was sounding a
popular march. Couples breast to
WHAT the miners in Camp Ugly
said, when the Rev. Francis
Slayton appeared in their midst
and announced that he had come
to help them lead a god life,
is quite unfit for publication. Camp Ugly,
ln 1850, was composed of a select few of
the worst characters In California: and
it was not long before the minister found
that the weapons wherewith he had com
bated the evil one in his little Eastern
parish were insufficient to do battle with
his hosts in the mining camp.
Among those who despitefully useo
him none was more active than a certain
tall, dark risaged miner, who, unluckily
for Slayton, possessed an almost phen
omenal Influence over his fellow camp
men. King was his name, and the Rev.
Francis sometimes half believed that the
name was significant and that he was In
very truth the incarnate "King" of Dark
ness'
There was only one person In camp
who dared to question this man's right
to tyrannize and this was a tiny, fair
haired creature whom King alluded to as
"My son Joe." And "My son Joe" feared
nothing. This young gentleman's edu
cation, as th« word is generally \m
"On the Table DanonS the Cancan an* ?n fle* Pocket the poison that Was tc en- He»* p.e-
breast were swinging on the wooden
horses and reeling under the influence
of a double disturbance. Slowly the
music ceased and the merry-go-round
derstood, had been sadly neglected: but
he could throw a lasso with the skill cf
a full-fledged cowboy; an accomplish
ment he had learned before he came to
Camp Ugly. when, as he pompously ex
plained, "Me an' dad was plainsmen." In
this useful art he kept himself well prac
ticed, using the miners as subjects for
his prowess, who swore and threatened
when they found themselves unexpectedly
brought to a standstill, with a running
noose tlghenlng uncomfortably about
their necks. At such times the boy was
wont to go into spasms of delight.
There was a lively row going on in
the "hotel" on a Sunday morning late
ln November, and the ball dozen men
who had lingered swaggeringly near
where Slayton stood, Bible In hand, took
to their heels sad hurried away to see
the fun. With a sigh he closed the
book and followed. The voices had grown
louder and more furious and as the min
ister drew near a man came sprawling
through the door and fell ln the dust al
most at his feet, followed by King, his
face distorted by passion and his black
eyes glaring fiercely. Slayton hurriedly
interposed himself between the two men,
but King strode forward and In a terrible
voice commanded:
* 'Stand aside, you fool. IXrs think ru
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
came to a standstill The girl, eager,
excited, flushed and hysterical, bought
a ticket. She jumped upon one of the
horses and in a moment was whirling
in the circle with hir drunken compan
ions.
Her voice was loud in hysterical
laughter, and as she stepped from the
merry-go-round eh*» reeled. Her chap
erone caught her and led her toward
the Saucing pavilion. The band was
blaring a waltz. The air was thick
with smoke and the place reeked with
the fames of liquor. A broad avsnua
had been opened In the middle of the
pavilion by the crowd. A man and a
woman were dancing a vulgar dance.
Hands were clapping, voices were
shouting in encouragement, the danc
ers were excited and flushed- The
scene was not a pleasant one and the
police in the pavilion declined to watch
It. They had only one duty to perform
at the ball — they were deputized only
to prevent people from killing each
other.
The girl and her mother elbowed their
way out of the dancing pavilion. As
they left the place their attention was
attracted by other sounds of drunken
revelry. In front of the pavilion two
THE PARSON OF CAMP UGLY.
waste my strength on him. Git up, you.
Marklev, an' take yourself off, and don't
show your d— d face again in this camp."
Markley, a tall young man with a hand
some, wicked face, rose slowly, casting an
evil look at King. ___. _____________
"TChat was the trouble?" asked Slayton.
"That thar sneak. Markley. won King's
money." said a bystander, "won lt false,
too; and called Joe—" ._____._
--"Hold your gab. you internal fooir
roared King. "Parson, you get cut of
here I should think," he added. sneer-
Ingiy, "you'd want to keep your white
fingers out of pies like this. You ain't
wanted here. Take yourself off."
Strange to say. no further violence -was
offered Markley, and as he slunk away
Slayton turned on his heel and walked to
his cabin.
It may be surmised that there was much
of the minister's time not occupied la
ministering to the spiritual needs of Camp
Ugly, and some of tnis be. spent in making
wide tours of tbe etirrouEllng woods ud
great. temporary tents had been
erected. Both were guarded by police
of-lcers, and each was the scene of
sights and sounds that would not be
By Frances A. Schneider.
plains. On one of these solitary excur
sions he found himself, suddenly and un
expectedly, within half a mile of the Filch
where the miners were at work and Within
sight of a lonely and indistinct trail that
formed a short cut to a distant camp. He
was tired and sat down to rest. His eyes
wandered idly along the trail that crept
upward past a solitary pine tree and was
lost to sight as it descended on the other
side of the. hill.
Something moving near the tree arrested
his glance, and, looking more attentively,
be saw a man leaning against it, with his
face turned In the direction of the gulch.
Presently the figure disappeared and at
almost the same instant King came strid
ing up the trail from the gulch, followed
at some distance by Joe. in his favorite
role of fiery mustang. King passed the
minister without heeding his "good morn
ing." As he reached the pine tree the
man who had been lurking in the shadow.
and whom Slayton now recognized as
__la_?kie_r, 6pr*£f uvfin hl^__, sotaethihif
tolerated in any other city perhaps
than San Francisco. The girl grasped
her mother and hastened her into one
of the tents* Wherever there was Jol
gleaming in his upraised hand.
With a cry of horror Blaytor bounded
forward, and before the murderous hand
had descended a second time he dealt
Hartley a blow that sent him reeling.
King fell with a groan, and his assailant,
toad with fury, .prang upon Slayton,
who soon found himself the undermost
man in a struggle for life with a flashing
knife above him.
At this interesting juncture there was a
sharp wh!r-r-r in the air. a noose de
scended over Markley's head and tight
ened relentlessly about his throat, while
his arms sprawled out and his hand
dropped the knife and clutched the empty
air. Released, Slayton sprang to his feet
and saw Joe, who had turned the end of
his lasso about the trunk of the .pine tree
and was tugging away with a will. He
snatched his late adversary's knife, re
lieved him of the revolver In his belt, and
called upon the boy to slack the lasso.
Mar_-ley, bis passion somewhat cooled by
the shock he had sustained and feeling
t_ais9^ entirely at Slai'tou's mercy,
llty she wanted to be at least as a
spectator.
The tent was crowded. Waiters were
hurrying here and there, obeying orders
showed no inclination to renew the at
tack, bat »*7 galotng and rubbing his
throat while the minister ana Joe
staunched King's wounds and adminis
tered doses of spirits from the flask he
carried in his pocket. Presently he re
vived, and after a bewildered moment
looked the minister full In the eyes, say
ing faintly:
"I'd a-been a goner, if It hadn't been for
you. I ain't the man to forget what you
done. And my son Joe here, too!" grop
ing for Joe's hand. "He's a chlp-a-chlp
of-of*
Here King went off again. "When he
opened his eyes a moment later, he asked
where Markley was.
"He's sitting over there," replied the
minister.
"They'll lynch him, if they catch him.
I don't want that. He's a villain, but he
bears me a grudge. I done him a wrong
once, such as no man will forgive. Would
you be willlh' to let him go, parson, after
what he done to you?"
- - -on went over to Markley, who was
still rubbing his throat.
"King says he wants you to get out of
this region before the camp ls aroused. If
you don't, you'll certainly be lynched.
Will you promise upon your honor as
a "
"As a gentleman!" Interposed Mark
ley,
slayton smiled grimly. " 'As a gentle
man,' that if I let you escape now, you
SORROW -
DTSGUTSED AS
JOY-SOME
OF THE SAD
TNCTDENTS
AS SEEN
BY AN
EYE-WITNESS-
insolently given. A woman, who might
have been judged pretty were it not
for her drunken leer, was reeling to re
tain her place on a table. She was
disheveled, intoxicated, pitiable. She
held a beer glass In her hands and with
dimming eyes tried with a glance to
answer her escort's toast. She raised
her hand, and as she toppled from the
table her companion caught her.
In the center of the tent a young fel
low was playing upon an accordion a
ribald tune. Two women, surrounded
by a group of roistering, applauding
loafers, were stepping vulgarly to the
music. The orgy had reached its cli
max. The police looked on and were
satisfied that beer glasses were not fiy-
Ing through the air and that no heads
were being smashed. The tent was al
most suffocating In Its heat. Men and
women, who have been seen elsewhere
and under other conditions In the city,
Jostled each other in eager rivalry to
watch the dancers. Chairs were over
turned and women Jumped anon tables
to secure a point of advantage.
As the music progressed the applause
became more riotous. Drunken voices
shouted words of encouragement and
the dancers became bolder. For a mo
ment It seemed as If an unexpected in
cident would Interrupt the revelry. A
party of four — two men and two wo
men — had been seated at a table In th*
tent exchanging maudlin compliments.
Suddenly there was a scuffle. Soma
word- not particularly pleasant, had
been passed. The women were in each
other's hair. They were scratching.
pulling and swearing. Suddenly one of
the combatants was forced backward
against a table. She received a vicious
blow and attempted to recover. The
effort cost her more than she expected.
She toppled forward and fell heavily.
"When they picked her up her face was
spattered with blood. A long gash in
her forehead explained the cause. A
police officer rushed to her assistance,
. her woman friend was hustled away
and the dance was not interrupted. The
music seemed to spread a contagion of
recklessness. In a few minutes most
of the men and women in the tent were
dancing..
The women dancers were becoming
tired and a child took their place. He
-i! a boy who said that he was 12
years of age, but looked older. In his
manner there was something that
should not have been there. He knew
too much of the vicfousness of the
. night. His face was prematurely old,
and as he danced he winked knowingly
to an unhealthy looking young fellow
who nodded persistent approval of the
dance.
The music became -wilder. The ap
plauding spectators become more dem
onstrative. The boy entered with nerv
ous excitement into the spirit of ths
revelry. He was intoxicated. He was
one of many boys, every one of whom
was in knickerbockers, who had been
allowed to enter the grounds and then,
under the very eyes of the police, had
gone from table to table. drinking the
dree.? of whisky and beer glasses.
These boys staggered from table to
table. One of them sought to 'climb a
pole of the tent and sank helplessly to
the floor. BBs boy companions reci'vi
toward him, the roisterer of the night
applauded and the police saw nothTns..
It was a scene that probably nevor had
a parallel in San Francisco.
While the orgy was at Its height, ths
woman, who had determined to _nd he
existence with the night, gave to the
scene Its dramatic climax. As the boy
was dancing to the quick mover of
the music a waiter, tray laden with
glasses, passed into the tent. The girl
saw- him. She raised her skirts, her
foot shot toward the tray and the
glasses crashed to the floor. For a mo
ment there was confusion, but out of
it appeared the figure of the girl She
was on the table dancing the cancan.
She was the brightest, most reckless
being In the place. She had in her
pocket the poison that was to end her
life.
In a few moments the music ceased.
The girl was lifted from the table and
the boy, under the searching espionage
of his unhealthy looking preceptor,
passed his hat among his drunken ad
mirers for vagrant nickels. The girl
left the tent. She took a lingering look
at the glistening lights, heard the hum
of music and laughter and saw th- reel
ing figures of men and women. In the
morning her mother found her dead.
will leave this vicinity and never again
make an attempt to injure King?"
"He wronged me." said Markley sullen
ly, dropping his eyes.
"You promise — remember, lt may mean
life or death to you."
There was a pause. Then Markley
raised his head and said:
"I promise."
"Will you take this?" asked the minis
ter, offering him the only money he had.
. Mark.-;- half smiled and showed a hand
ful of- gold coin. Then without a word
he walked away along the trail.
For some weeks before Christmas the
men at Camp Ugly had been at work upon
a new cabin. They observed a strange
reticence as to who the future occupant
was to be and the Rev. Francis Slayton,
who had lately become a popular man
in camp, had received very unsatisfactory
answers to his questions res... rding it.
On Christmas morning, however, all
doubt was dispelled. A delegation of
men, headed by King, arrived at Slay
ton's cabin and escorted the minister In
triumph to the new edifice. Here King
made a speech to the effect that the men
regarded Slayton as a brave man and a
gentleman— a parson— and that by
a unanimous vote he had been elected
"Parson of Camp Ugly," to preach the
Gospel at any time he saw fit and that
the new cabin was herewith presented to
him out and out to ba used as a church. .
2728
Stye f^u^ed /I\ei> of t^
sra9suaal 09 Jl?eir
Jourpey to ttye
(Jreat fea^t.
THE SAN FEATS CISCO CAL,I_, SUNDAY. JULY 23, 1899.
How It Feels to Fall
Ten Thousand Feet
By Slgoor Mirigi, tbe Italiai) Aerooaut.
VIENNA, July 6.— lt was the last
of June, shall I ever forget that
day!
An aeronaut reads time by as
censions, not by the calendar.
To me lt was earlier, for, by a strange
list of fatalities, I had not made an ascent
this year. Once, when I was about to
ascend a hurricane struck the mountain
on which I stood; again the Alps were
burled in fog; three separate times my
assistants failed me and I could not get
gas generated; and so the spring passed
away, until June, when all things pointed
to a successful sail.
My balloon on that day was my silk
bag which is the largest of the three
balloons I possess. It ls very light and
very strong. It Is covered outside with
a coating of varnish, laid on many times
and recoated with wax; and Anally cov
ered with a patented preparation to ren
der it perfectly air-tight. The silk was
woven specially for my balloon and to
the best of my knowledge there was not
a flaw in lt. To be perfectly positive I
hired a silk maker of Lyons to go over
the entire surface of the silk with his
light and dark tests and he reported every
fiber exact.
In case of a leakage in a large alr
fllled bag like a balloon there is always
serious danger. The break, however
small, will quickly spread, and the air
rushing out will break a great rent in
it before the balloon can be lowered, a
rupture In the balloon means a fall for
the aeronaut. And few have lived to
describe a fall.
On this day, accompanied by no one,
I resolved to take a sail from a moun
tain and, having gone for the summer to
the Rhine country, I selected one of the
small hills of the Pennine Alps as the
best place for my sail.
The day was clear, with a slightly up
ward current of wind coming from the
west and blowing toward the north at a
not very rapid rate, though there was a
tendency toward a south wind which I did
not like. It Intercepted the west wind and
created a whirlwind about a thousand feet
above the earth in a way that might
throw me out of my course. But I re
solved to go on Just the same, trusting to
my skill to steer the balloon and get above
the intercepting currents.
With my balloon fully Inflated and
packed, if I may use the expression, with
wind enough to last three days. I ordered
my assistants to await the signal, then
cut the ropes and let me ascend.
Though I have made thousands of as
cents I never remember to have started
The Boer as He Is at Home.
WHEN the Inhabitants of a lit- (
tie free State like the Trans- i
vaal take up arms the world l
turns with a half laugh and
almost contemptuously asks: J
"Against whom, pray?" When it hears j
that that State has no seaboard, no
fleet, and is almost entirely surrounded j
by the outposts of a huge empire, in- j
terest is quickened, and when it learns j
that it is indeed no less than the mighty
empire against which the stout little
nation opposes itself, the distant world j
wonderingly inquires: "And what man- j
ncr of men are these?" Possibly, as it j
learns. it will be. reminded of long past |
days when Switzerland, a child among
strong men, and little Holland aroused j
generous interest in the same way.
It is a mistake to read of Paul Kruger j
and take him and his surroundings poli- .
ticians as types of the Boer. Also it is j
a mistake to take the dweller In the
towns as typical. To unearth the real I
Transvaalian one must seek the wide i
j and solitary veldt, the hidden valleys, ,
j the distant hills, and there, on his farm, j
I draw him out and study him. Tour j
! true Boer despises the town. He is es- j
sentially an agriculturist and a hunter. i
Up to 1592 he never saw a railroad in j
his country, and he was bitterly op- |
posed to its coming. He argues that I
the railroad will drive away the game, j
and without anything to shoot at life
will not be worth living. He is J
extremely conservative, and with j
strangers brusque and taciturn, but
if he finds you are harmless he can be j
very hospitable. He does not drink
deep. He is religious with a gloomy,
] stern religion which makes him believe,
as did the Covenanters, as much in the
Old Testament as in the New. .Like all |
j people whose belief in the Bible, is of j
j that uncompromising kind, he is more
or less superstitious. He is moral. He
does not believe in. divorce laws. He !
marries early In life, and is convinced,
the highest blessing is an abundance of*!
children.
At the first hint of gray in the east
ern sky, at the first crow of the cock,
the farm household is up and stirring,
and breakfast, with the Usual strong
coffee the Boer loves, is over by the
time the sun rises. The men are out
and about at once, looking after just
the same chores . as on an American
farm in the West, save those who are
off to replenish the larder by shooting
a springbok, a hartebeest or some
such species of deer. The women have
plenty of work about the house. The
genuine old Boer farm furnishes itself
every necessary to its occupants. The
furniture is often made by the farmer,
or he has great, unwieldy, . carved
chests and bureaus which have come
to him from his ancestors. He can
upward with the velocity of this one. It j
was positively bewildering. If I had been
propelled from the mouth of a cannon
pointed directly up into the air I could
not have shot upward with half the speed
or directness. In an instant I knew the
truth. I had miscalculated the distance
at which the westerly and southerly cur
rents intercepted each other, and I had
voluntarily launched myself in a whirl
pool. Never mind! As long as the current
bore me directly up all would be well. But
how high would it carry me? On and on!
Up and up I went! It was alarming
though delightful. So rapid was my pace
that the balloon could scarce keep .pace
with. the car dangling underneath. The
light little vehicle danced at Its ropes as
though it were a pleasure craft at Its
moorings upon the bay of Venice.
Once or twice I felt the car suddenly
shift, as though It were ln a swirling cur
rent and were about to wheel rapidly
around. But no, lt always . righted itself.
Its ropes, twisted for the moment, would
straighten and a little tug at the basket
would tell me that I was again being
drawn along by the balloon.
I remember measuring the wind then
and taking my chart. The figures now
show that I must have been at that mo
ment exactly 10,000 feet above the level of
the sea. While I was setting down the
figures and congratulating myself that we
were now in a smooth sea of air, a
strange thing happened— a wonderful
thing. Up, as I was, above the reach of
the cloud mists, there came a great loud
report, like a peal of thunder!
1 glanced upward; the sky was smiling;
the great sun standing sentinel over a
pleasant day. The thunder earns again,
this time a long, rolling report like a
rumbling from heaven. At the same time
I noticed that we were sinking.
In an instant the truth became clear to
me. The balloon had burst and we were
falling to the earth. I say .we. because
the entire car becomes human to a bal
loonist, like a locomotive to Its driver;
or, to be more commonplace, a bicycle to
its rider.
I looked down involuntarily, which was
a foolish thing to do. We were descend
ing rapidly— so rapidly, in fact, that as I
looked I saw. a tall tower come in sight,
next I saw another and another. We were
dropping Into a city. I afterward learned
that it was Vienna, but at that moment
I could only see the spire pointing straight
upward toward me as though it were
waiting to receive us on Its steel-tipped
point.
I thought Instantly of throwing my bal
last overboard— a desperate thing to do— i
make his own shoes. His women dress ,
and weave his own sheep's wool, and .
make their and his clothes from it.
During the day he works leisurely,
content to make a living out of the
ground. He has been seen sitting in
his wagon for hours watching an enter- |
prising, hustling Uitlander with won- \
der, as the foreigner worked continu-
o usly, with all kinds of new-fangled i
machines, producing far more from
the earth than his wants required, be
cause he wished to market the surplus
and make money. He has been seen
thus shaking his head In pity, not un
mingled with contempt, at ' such folly,
, for the Boer Is not a money-maker.
|He does not want a b*ank account. So
!he drives his slow-moving ox wagon
! away on the hot and dusty trek, mcdi
i tating on the want of faith these Uit
i landers have, who cannot trust the
j future to God and be content with to
! day.
He dines heartily at noon and sups
! heartily at evening. His day hardly
differs from that of any farmer in
any country, only, if he sings at his
work, it is likely to be a psalm that
he sings. He smokes a great deal
while he goes about— a habit derived
! from his forebears in Holland. He is
fortunate in having no winter — no
frost, no snow, only the dry season
when his cattle suffer and the rainy
season when the rivers and ponds are
flooded.
His house and barns are low and
j roomy— furnished as to the
house rooms. The great feather bed is
usually the most noticeable feature, un
' less, perhaps, he glories in a little har
| monium for his daughter to pick out
hymn tunes of a Sunday. Just before
1 the sun goes down, at a time which var
j ies very little all the year around, the
I Boer calls his family together, and they
have household prayers and pious sing
ing. No lights are needed, or if one is
| it is an old-fashioned lanthorn, or, more
I likely, a rush dip floating in a cup of
! home-made tallow. Ere the daylight
has fairly gone the farmer has bolted
I the door and everybody is in bed.
Three or four times a year he goes to
Nachtmaal, which is equivalent to the
Scotch "Fast day or communion. In
the little market square of the nearest
little burg there will stand a modest
whitewashed building like a barn. This
is the church of the district, and here
at stated periods the farmers gather
from all about. ■ They -don't take their
families to hotel, though some may stay
with friends, but drive the two or three
days' journey in the big white-can
vassed wagon, drawn -by from twelve
to sixteen fat, wide-horned oxen. They
make camp near the town, in a meadow
probably by the stream, and live in
and under the wagon during the Nacht
maal, cooking for themselves the food
they have brought along. The congre
gation gathers, during this time, day
and evening. Their neighbors meet be
tween whiles • and gossip and perhaps
transact a little business. They would
not belong to the human family if, of
course, the lads and lassies did ' not
walk and exchange vows. These are
the great outings, the picnics, of the
year, and small tradesmen and Jew
peddlers are on hand with knickknacks
and trumpery to sell to the young folks,
so that, outside the services, the meet
ing is a kind of fair. Sometimes also
there may be a wrestling match or
jumping match between young men, in
which all, old and young, will take a
deep interest. . . *
Although the Boer has proved that
he can be longheaded and shrewd in
political and other grave matters in
some of the ordinary matters of life he
is remarkably simple. There are many
stories told of his unsophisticated ways.
A prospector for gold found signs of it
on a farmer's land, and, after great
effort, succeeded in buying the portion
he desired. A check cm a bank In Pre
toria was offered in payment, but ths
Dut i accompusnea it. nenevc-i u_ »<■
extra weight, the balloon rose slightly
for a minute, then began to sink more
rapidly than ever. I thought of my para
chute. It was at home. I thought of
everything. But what can a man do when
a burst balloon is above him and he is
dropping to earth in his basket?
I looked down again. The steeple was
taking form. Its ribbed sides showed tiny
windows and through the top one I fan
cied I could see the bell. In my hand was
still the pencil with which I had made my
record, and, taking it between my fingers,
in a cold clutch I wrote the words, "I am
dying happily. I have reached my term.
Science triumphs." There was time for no
more. In the new horror of the situation
taking on momentarily newer and more
awful phases— l saw my end. There be
fore me stretched an open lake. To fall
in it would mean death by drowning, for
I could not hope to save myself with the
ropes so twisted around me!
The lake was still a little way off, but
the car was heading for it.
There was no alternative now. Though
ready for death, I must escape if I could.
We were low enough now to see the
houses well, and I resolved as we were
passing over the city to make a Jump. It
was my only hope.
I cannot tell now why I did it, but I
involuntarily reached in my pocket and
stopped my watch. It had pointed to ex
actly 2 o'clock when I was taking my ob
servations at the time the balloon burst.
What time lt was now I could not tell,
but to Judge from my impressions we had
been two hours in falling. -Taking my
hand off my watch I climbed to the edge
of the basket and waited. On we sped,
dropping into the city; now we were over
a public square; people were beginning
to look up at us. There was an open
grass plat. Now would be the time to
Jump.
Closing my eyes I gathered my legs in
under me and made the leap. Next thing
I knew I was lying on the grass, with
people bending over me, and pouring
whisky down my throat. A stinging sen
sation in my left arm and leg told me I
was hurt.
Well, next day, when I had recovered
my senses enough to ask questions, they
told me that I had landed on the grass
plat and that my only injuries were a
wrenched leg and a sprained arm.' Small
indeed for a man who falls 10,000 feet!
On looking at my watch I found that I
had been exactly two minutes in falling,
the enormous weight of the ballast before
I threw it out having made my descent
the swiftest on record.
. farmer had never been inside a bank
! and did not know what a check was.
He would take nothing but gold, and
cold, a considerable amount, . was
' finally handed over to him. The cx
i citement of the transaction over, and
i his bewilderment at possessing so much
I wealth past, the farmer began to fear
i what he had never had to trouble him
| self about before — robbers.
He slept .on his money, and, as he
! could not take it out with him to his
work, he either sat at home watching lt
with a gun, or else had one of his stal
wart sons do the*same. When occasion
demanded that he should visit the
town, he drove in with an armed son.
: and while one of the two did business
in the market place, the other sat on
I the box containing the treasure warn
: ing off all comers. It was only after
! his pastor had reasoned with him for
' months, and then with a great deal of
' doubt and nervous, cautious questions,
■ that he was persuaded to put his for
i tune in the Standard Bank.
So the Boer farmer and hunter pur
sues his even way, as his people have
] ever done, and if (what he considers
the accursed) gold had never been
found in his land, he might so pursue
!it to the end of the chapter. It is to
i be feared, however, that foreign capi
: tal and railroads, and telegraphs and
; lightning-rod agents have broken up
his idyllic life forever, or, rather, will
, soon do so. It was, Is not, however,
all peace. As the American backwoods
: man was continually on his guard
! against Indians, so the Boer is ever
! ready to take the field against a Kaffir
, tribe or — British.
Then the plow and the hoe are laid
! aside and the rifle is cleaned carefully,
but not now for a pleasant hunt after
; game. The call to arms is simple;
mobilization is primitive. It amounts
to little more than if Kruger, or Gen
eral Joubert, were to shout at the top
j of his voice, so that the whole country
; would hear him: "All hands on deck
i for action!" At the warcry the pa
! triots know they have been "com
mandeered." There is no squabbling
about volunteering, or enlisting, or
drafting. Except the women, the very
old and the very young, everybody
responds, even boys of 13 and 14 — but
the average Boer boy is a pretty stout
and healthy kid, and has been taught
to shoot since he was 10 or 11. Each
man takes his horse and his rifle and
proceeds to the rendezvous of the dis
i trict. The pastors are with them, and
| with prayer and psalms the farmer-
I soldiers march out to defend their
J country.
With all his ignorance and unpro
gressiveness, it is difficult to contem
plate the scattering of such a people
with mere philosophic serenity.
P. Y. BLACK.
Qraptyic; /teeoui?t of ttye
Fearful Experience
of ap /.postle
of tty? f\\r. -WILL ERECT A STATUE TO JEFFERSON DAVIS
>—p- HE first statue of Jefferson Davis
ever fashioned has just beer, mod
ele.l by Mr. George Julian Zolriay
of N' -v.- York. It is of heroic size, the
A figure being seven and a half feet.
and it will rest or. a pedestal of
suitable dimensions. This pedestal will
be cut from a block of Southern granite
and on its face wiil be engraved the name
and ace of Mr Davis and probably also
some suitable inscription. The entire ex
pense of the statuv has h.--er_ borne by
Mrs. Davis and her daughter, Mrs. Hayes
WHAT AUTHORS ARE DOING Illustrated Works for the Children IN THE LAND OF BOOKS
IN E. Demou.ih's famous work.
'a - _ ----- Superiority." he teiis
us that one of the chief reasons for
the deterioration of the- French as a
nation is that the children are never
thought of. There is r.o true sympathy
with childish whims and fancies, with the
tender requirements of simple childhood:
There are no children ir. France. They
pass from th£ ..mocehce of babyhood into'
a set sophistication and premature old
womanhood.
He compares the Anglo-Saxon and
French schoolroom, and contrasts the
methods of development used. We are
shown that the French child 'is taught
to suspect and not to know, whereas the
English child is taught to know and never
to suspect. He has told the French peo
ple many a wholesome truth and for his
pains was almost run out of the country.
A year ago I sent to France asking for a
collection of books, pamphlets and other
wise. for young children. Nothing of the
least value wa_s sent but the books of De
Monvel. and they are r.ot for the poor.
If we would build a nation we must look
to the children. We must see that their
books as well as their companions are
leading them aright. To many a child
■what he takes hold of with his mind de
pends chiefly upon what books he takes
up, and the illustrations are is much >
of Colorado, the sole motive for Its erec
tion being the desire of the famous
statesman's widow and laugh to pay
respect to his memory in this enduring
fashion.
The figure is represented is wearing the
very clothes in which Mr. Davis was
dressed .when he was captured by a de
tachment of Michigan cavalry. Mrs.
Davis carefully preserved these inter .st
ing historical relics', and she placed them
at Mr. Zolnay's disposal. Indeed, she fur
nished him with all the available mate
training as the text This is pre-emi
nently the age of child literature, ar.d
from the motley output it is difficult to
choose the best. One of the most famous
raters of juvenile books was Ran
dolph Caldeeott. whose early art career
is interestingly described In a personal
memoir by H. Blackburn. He was a
bank clerk in Manchester. England, and
his love for children, his knowledge of
their needs, prompted his work In the field
that has mad. his name beloved. Curi
ously enough, he died in the same year
with Juliana Horatio Ewing. whose series
of delightful book 3he illustrated. Per
haps the most famous is "The Story of a
Short Life." but "Jsr-kanapes" and
"Daddy Darius' Dovecote" find a ready
sale. The Society for the Promotion of
Christian Know-edge in England has is
sued an edition of the books to sell at a
shilling apiece. Caldecott's Panjandrum
picture book is a never-ending delight to
the tiny folks. We must love the children
if we would find the key to their joys.
A book but little known, and yet of
great value. Is a series of old fairy stories
gathered by ..... In one collec
tion and beautifully edited and illustrated.
Probably no book published recently for
children has had a larger sale than Bel
loc's "More Beast! and from my point
of view It is morMd and strained to the
limit of ugliness. The drawings, from the
standpoint of art. are decidedly vulgar,
and it is altogether about as worthless
a medium for child development as one
could find among the popular books of
the day. The children will laugh over it.
yes, and be amused, but, by all means.
let us choose for the little ones those
books that train the eye and the mind
and the heart to knw what is best in' the
world ah**ut them. Against this, let us
.el an 15.3 publication of Scribner, an im
portation frcm Blackle & Son of London,
called "An Alphabet of Animals." and
illustrated in black and white by Carton
Moorepark. It is the fines animal book
published for many a day. Each animal
is given his environment, and in his ac
tion is depicted his chief characteristic.
Howard Pyle Illustrates his own text
and many are the children who have been
made happier and better by acquaintance
with him. In the preface of "Pepper and
Bait," the giddy fated jester says, "one
must have a little pinch of seasoning in
this lull, weary life of ours one should
never look to have all the troubles, the
labors and the cares, with never a whit
of innocent jollity or mirth." and no child
can know Howard Pyle long and be dull
or troubled or gloomy. Then we have
"Robin Hood" and 'The Wonder Clock."
or four and twenty marvelous tales, be
ting one for each hour of the day.
"The Garden Behind the Moon," Twi
light Land" and "Men of Iron." These
books carry a child along the lines of
true development, amuse him heartfully
and train his eye to know the true In art.
Evelyn Tharp has two good books.
"Wymps" and "All the Way to Fairy
Land.' illustrated by Mrs. Percy Dreamer.
The funny little figures and the lack of
perspective are all most amusing, but rel
ative size is carefully looked to and the
coloring is thoroughly artistic.
Walter Crane has perhaps no rival ln hie
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JOLT 23. 1599.
rial that could -. any way aid him In his
work, and the result is that the statue
is a singularly true likeness of Mr. Da
vis.
During her recent trip to New York
Mrs. Davis paid many visits to the stu
field of illustration. Hawthorne's "Won
der Book" has a new meaning when bound
with his desicns. and who would purchase
a copy of Grimm's fairy tales without his
magic pictures?
Another 1393 publication is a whimsical
beck of verses by E. V. Lucas, beauti
fully illustrated in color hy Edith Farrni
ioe. Like De Mop. vel, she has chosen
children for her field, hut unlike him. she
shows us little folks from every land.
The quaintest little figures are used to
urate Normandy and the quaintest
little verses on the subject end thus:
The old women's '' ■.c ,
Are sunburned and lined.
But pleasant, so pleasant.
And simple and kind.
The happiest "hit" in the book, to my
mind, is the verse about Spain, and here
It is:
Th.- children who
In old Madrid
Are keen to do
As they are bid.
Are no more nu
lAx: as than you.
And now .et us speak of De Monvel.
two of whose Illustrations, taken from
"La Civilite." appear above. Very little
is written about him a»id yet much could
be told. He Is perhaps the most famous
...... child types no* living, and
iike many a famous person was forced
into his field. Illustration was to be merely
a means. of livelihood while greater pro
jects were brewing, but he has become
so notably Identified with the work that
he cannot separate himself from it. "La
Cavilite" tells In the ' simplest way
what is best for little folk's to do. and
when they look at the pictures of naughty
little people side by side with the well
behaved they choose in a trice to be good.
De Mom-el's studies of children's legs
are an Inexhaustible source of amuse
ment to their elders, who are. of course;
hotter able to appreciate the humor of the
thing. All the books?— "La Civilite."
"Jeanne D'Arc," "Chanson? de France,"
"Vellles Chansons" and others of equal
interest — have been carefully translated,
and with his illustrated edition of the
fables of La Fontaine they form almost
a child's library In themselves. De Mon
vel visited America some months ago and
the result of his observaton and study
will no doubt be giver, us In future books.
How few books really furnish the enter
tainment and instruction for which they
are ostensibly bour.d and how careful we
should be that In the purchase of litera
ture for the verj' young we look earnestly
and critically at the Illustrations, for they
far outweigh with them, ln both Interest
and influence, the value of the text. De
Monvel still clings to his desire for
greater things, and as a result has a por
trait In this year's salon. Whatever fame
his work in portraits may bring him, it
can never carry him away from the
hearts of thousands of children who have
rained so much by the need he had for
the wherewithal to live. And what great
er work can any of us do than help the
children to one day find 'he best that life
holds? CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
BooK Notes.
Noting the welcome accorded to "Don't
Worry Nuggets" (extracts from Eplcte
tus. Emerson. George Eliot and Brown
QUAINT FIGURES FROM DE MONVEL'S INTERESTING STUDIES OF CHILDREN.
••■■.--•■
dlo. an< on ti-cse occasions she gave Mr.
Zolnay many valuable suggestions. I had
a ta:k with her a few days ago, during
which she told me much about the his
tory or the work.
"t have long desired." she said, "to
erect a suitable memorial in honor of Mr.
ir.gi last fail. Its publishers, Forbes, How
ard _. Hulbert. will issue a series of simi
lar pocket volumes containing "bits of ore
from rich mines." Patriotic Nuggets; Se
lections from -Franklin. Washington: 'Jef
ferson, Webster, Lincoln and Beecher.
will be published immediately; Education
al and Philosophic Nuggets are to follow
shortly.
"A Pocket History of the American
Navy and Naval Commanders" is the
title" of a valuable little work compiled
and arranged by Cromwell Chllde. to be
issued b> Bonnell. Silver ft Co., New
York, about August 1. It is a comprehen
sive little handbook of the men and deed_s
of the navy of our nation, its pastes in
cluding many interesting details as to
"sea power." past and present. The book
is intended for popular reference, has
been made ux> from the .best naval au
thorities and will tit In th( vest pocket.
One of the successful novels of June
was undoubtedly Beatrice Harruden's
"The Fowler." The third American edi
tion Is exhausted, upward of 8000 copies
having be«n sold. In England its .ures .
Is even more remarkable. 10.i>».' copies hav
ing beer, exhausted soon after publica
tion.
An edition de luxe of his letter "J'ac
cuse." specially printed at the celebrated
house of Christophe I'iautin. and special
ly bound by M. Jacques Moisely, is to be
presented to M. Zola by the journalists
cf Antwerp. 7 '
Literary Scandinavia Is engaged in a
controversy arisinc out of the suppression
of Dr. Edward Brandos' novel. "Young
Blood," on the score of impropriety. The
controversy has become somewhat a par
ty question and all sorts of irrelevant is
sues have been gged in. The followers
of th- older and -- • er school hold that
certain subjects are unfitted for artistic
treatment in the novel, while the free
lances have "art for art's sake" em
blazoned on their banner. The question
has reached the pamphlet _-- ._-..
A fad In the realm of old books is the
gathering of all literature that bears upon
the abolitionist movement. Pamphlets or
books bearing upon the question of slav
ery' from the time of Wilberforce to Lie
War of Secession are in demand. Some
of the most interesting discoveries of old
time curiosities have been made in Eng
land. High prices are being paid for t»ie
most insigniiicant trifles.
..... of July 1 prints a compre
hensive article on ref ent French fiction.
The nineteenth century Is looked upon as
a period of transition in fiction, no school
seeming to obtain. The idealistic novel
is written of as quite out of date, the
naturalistic as fast losing hold upon the
public. An anxiety for new subjects
seems to predominate; nevertheless the
horizon of the novel writer is generally
narrowed down to dissolute and Idle Pa
risian society.
The August Century will be a Midsum
mer and Travel number. In the former
character, its special feature may be said
to be a group of papers on tornadoes and
thunderstorms. The first of these Is a
graphic description at first hand of the
tornado that visited Kirksville, Mo., last
spring. A learned paper on tornadoes In
general ls contributed by Professor Cleve
land Abbe of the Weather Bureau; and a
kindred theme is helpfully discussed by
Professor John Trowbridge of Harvard.
A second edition of R. V. Rlsley's vol
ume of "Men's Tragedies" Is on the press
for immediate publication. The Bookman
speaks of the stories as of unusual power
and quality. From the same magazine
we learn that Mr. Rlsley was born in
New York twenty-four years ago and that
moat of his boyhood was spent in that
city and near New Rochelle. Later he
traveled both ln America and in Europe,
and lived for some time in London and
in Paris.
A second edition of "The Maternity of
Tribute of 'the Mother and Daughter of Confederacy's
Leader Said to Be the Only Authentic Portrait
Statue of fir. Davis in Existence,
Davis, and when the opportunity pre
sented itself I decided that it should take
the form of a bronze statue. ... seen
and admired Mr. Zolnay's other works
and therefore I made the necessary ar
rangements with him. The statue is now
complete, and I may say that I am en
tirely satisfied with it."
Asked what progress was being made
toward the erection of a public monument
of her husband, she replied that some
time would elapse before such a monu
ment -.-. -.: I be erected.
"The Southern people." she explained,
"are desirous of having a fitting monu
ment of their former leader and the.vwill
not cease in their efforts in this direction
until their aim is accomplished. If they
Harriott Wi* ken" will be published im
mediately by the Mactnillan Company.
"Richard Carve!" is in its seventh edi
tion. In oth-.-r words, this means thai
since the week of its publ'catlon it has
been soid at the rate of close upon 1000
copies a lay.
Critics of all countries continue to give
us their opinion on the seemingly inex
haustible them--. "Kipling's Genius." Here
is the Japanese idea from the pen of Sir.
Kfnnosuke, a leading Japanese critic:
"In Kipling constructive Imagination is
lorded over with fancies md brilliant se
ries of figures. His imagination salaams
to his memory. Let us grant al! that are
his— and that means much that is excel
lent— grant him that calm reserve, the
conscious strength that is silent: that dis
like of the superfluous; grant him that
slmplieitv wherein the Atheneum catches
the Homeric accent: grant him the poetic
f.re that Ranees laughs, sings through
out his paces: pram him the masterly
power In the dialogue style; grunt him his
horse-laus-h wit. which is very pleasant
sometirr-ps: grant him all these and much
more if you please— what then? After all.
fn the production of that which makes
men better and happier, his 'utmost
smartness and cocksureness available.'
helps him no more than rheumatism
helps in log-rolling.
"Having criticized m. I stand ready
expectant, in fact— for an outburst of
public condemnation. T said that Kipling
could not see me thing and all that
his friends have to do Is to turn the table
and say to me. 'You have no eyes for
tho«e things which Kipling saw and
wrote You are a bald critic. ■An ideal
crlticshould have the widest possible sym
pathy, and must appreciate every form
of literature.' To this I bow most hum
bly as most true. I cannot see some
1 1. 1 r 1 r"= — yes. a bad critic, In short. But
the remark. I mean the rebuke— asl take
it— is it not rather a compliment?"
New Book,? Received
JOHN AND HIS FRIENDS— Louis
Albert Banks. Funk ft Wagnalls C m
pany. New York. Cloth. 12m0.. $1 Z>).
This is the fourth of a series of revival
sermons by the same author, who is most
prolific in revival literature. The bock
contains thirty or more sermons, which
were flrst preached In the Methodist
Episcopal church of Cleveland. Ohio, at
a serie.. of evangelistic meetings. In his
preface the author tells us that "a very
gracious revival of religion was awakened
by their delivery and a large number of
persons were converted and received into
the church as the result." The sermons
are practical in character and full of
well-chosen Illustrative material. The
anecdotes are always exactly relevant to
the moral lesson to be taught and help
to give the sermon a hold upon the mem
cry and the heart. The titles of the ser
mons, too, are chosen with a view to find
ing readers. Here are a few: "Loves
Easy Harness." "A Prosperous Soul," A
Candlestick ln Danger. "The Bright
Heart of the Universe," and "The Poorest
People in the World." In "A Candlestick
in Danger", we are told: "Anything that
is applicable to the church, as a church,
ls applicable to us a* individuals. And
while the church is represented as a great
candlestick the burning of whose candle
•makes a great light in the world, every
man is intended to be a candle of the
Lord and Christ's Ideal for every Chris
tian is that he shall be the light of the
world. Nothing can be more important
than that every one of us shall be at our
best in radiating Influence for the ad
vancement of Christ's kingdom among
would be satisfied with an ordinary monu
ment, ample funds fcr such a purpose
would have been forthcoming long ago.
but they wiil be tent with nothing less
than a really great work of art, a work,
in fact, which shall he fully worthy of the
cause and of the man whom It is designed
to commemorate. Now, you can rea^iily
see that time is needed on order to ac
complish an undertaking of this magni
tude. The North, which has far greater
resour than the South, learned this
lesson when It undertook to erect a pub:l.
monument in honor of General Grant."
The statue of Mr. Davis will be erected
in Hollywood Cemetery, Richmond, Va..
and the ceremony of unveiling will ta_-e
plane during the early autumn. The
men." The book contains much sound
and homely ethical teaching.
ON THE BIRDS' HIGHWAY— By Regi
nald Heber Howe Jr. Small, Maynard
._ Co.. Bostor. Cloth, illustrated. $2.
The book Is a narrative description of
the habits and ways of our Eastern birds,
personally observed by the author ir. their
various localities and presented to the
reader in a simple, interesting form. He
carries his reader with him through many
of the picturesque bird haunts of Rhode
Island. Maryland. Massachusetts and New-
York, and creates so lively an interest ln
the feathered tribe that a desire for fur
ther study is quickly awakened. His lan
guage is gracefully descriptive and never
■ too elaborate. He closes a chapter on
"Winter Birds" thus: "The sun is sink
ing slowly in the west, the bleak March
wind is driving song sparrow and junco
to cover and the great oaks stand out
against the tinted sky. This last fierce
battle of winter does not suggest the
awakening of spring on the morrow, but
the next moon will shine on a new world,
"While through the veins of earth riots
the ichor of spring."
Of the woodcock he says: How many of
the sportsmen of the Eastern United States,
who consider the woodcock their favorite
game bird, and who have bagged many a
brace, know of or have listened to their
love song? I think we could count them
on our fingers. Their flight song Is one
of the most wonderful of bird utterances,
and sun we are wont to cry out to the
bird as he springs upward again,
"Teach me half the gladness
That thy brain must know.
Such harmonious madness *
From my lips would flow;
The world should listen then
As I am listening now."
The book contains excellent photo
graphic illustrations by the author and a
frontispiece In color from a painting by
Louis Agassis Feurtes. Credit is given to
George R. Shattuck of Boston for certain
species he has allowed the author to add
to the list personally observed. .
VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY— By Swam!
Vivekananda. The Baker & Taylor
Company, New York. New edition with
enlarged" glossary; __mo., $1 20. For sale
by The Emporium.
The book Is a collection of lectures on
"Raja Yoga," the ancient system of In
dian philosophy, and other subjects of
kindred application. Swaml Vlvekananda
was the representative of the Hindu re
ligion at the World's Parliament of Re
ligions held in Chicago in 1593. and became
a familiar figure in several American cit
ies during the three years following the
parliament. His teachings are universal
in their application and only vary in their
details to suit the ldiosyncracy of race and
individual. The book also contains
Patanjali's Yoga aphorisms and a copious
glossary of Sanskrit terms. On a page
before the preface the key to the teach
ings of the text is thus given:
"Each soul is positively divine.
"The goal is to manifest this divinity
within by controlling nature, external and
internal.
"Do this either by work, or worship, or
psychic control, or philosophy, by one or
more or all of these, and be free.
"This is the whole of religion. Doctrines
or dogmas, or rituals, or books, or tem
ples, or forms, are but secondary de
tails."
We are told that "a Yogi must avoid
the two extremes of luxury and austerity.
He must not fast or torture his flesh; he
who does so cannot be a Yogi; he who
fasts, he who sleeps much, he who works
too much, he who does no work— of
STATUE Of jgrreßygj DAVI.
statue of Miss Winnie Davis, which !■
also the work of Mr. Zolnay, will be
erected near it on the Davis family plat,
and the ceremony of unveiling it wlil take
place on the same day. As the South
tckes great Interest In these statues and
as the latter is the gift of the Daughters
of the Confederacy, it Is probable 'hat
the ceremonies wili be of a public or semi
public character.
The general opinion of those who have
seen the statue of Mr. Davis md who are
qualified to express an opinion is that it is
a better likeness than any portrait or
pair.' now in existence, ana that it le
bound to prove the model for future
artists and sculptors who may desire to
portray him.
these .an be Yogis." The book closes with
the statement that the perfect man "re
alizes at last the beautiful and inspiring
truth that Love, Lover and the Beloved
are one." _ '
SENATOR CASH DOLLAR OF WASH
. INGTON— Bv Stonewall Cutter. E. A.
Weeks Company, Chicago. Paper, 25
cents.
NIGEL FERRARD— By G. M. Robins,
J. B. Lippincott & Co., Philadelphia.
Paper, 50 cents.
■ ♦ ■
In the list of artistic treasures owned
by the late Baron Rothschild mention Is
made of a "Fitzwil - clock." This ls
the famous Louis XIV clock, which for
generations was one of the most valued
heirlooms at Milton Hall near Peter
borough. It Is said to have been sold to
Baron Roths I by G. C. W. Fitzwil
liam, the present squire of Milton, for
S-ttO.OOO. An exact facsimile, however.
which is- said to have cost $3000, now
stands in Milton Hall, in the position
where the original clock stood.
■ ♦ ■
It is not generally known that the re
mains of all the Czars of Russia since
Peter the Great lie in a memorial chapel
built on one of the islands of the Neva.
All the cenotaDhs are exactly alike, each
being a block of white marble, without
any decoration whatever. The only dis
tinction _>*.- which one is marked is the
name of the deceased Emperor.
■ ♦ » ■
The churches of the United States claim
26,000,000 communicants.
2930
COMILLE FLAMMARION, THE
CELEBRATED FRENCH AS
TRONOMER, FOR YEORS A
PILLAR OF MODERN SPIR
ITUALISM, GOES BOCK TO
HIS FORMER SKEPTICISM.
THERE ls no scientific problem of
the century more complex in its na
ture and more baffling to all at
tempts at solution than that pre
sented by the recent change of at
titude of Camlllc Flammarion and
Professor Hy.lop toward what is ordi
narily known as spiritualistic phenom
ena. __ . __
Flammarion. the famous French as
tronomer who two years since became—
after years of extraneous and perfectly
unprejudiced investigation of medlumlstic
manifestations-one of the strongest pil
lars of modern spiritualism, and Profes
sor Hyslop of Columbia College. Wash
ington. D. C— who has been noted for
his somewhat intolerant skepticism in the
premises— have almost simultaneously
changed places.
The French scientist, who after his con
version through the instrumentality of
Eusapia Paladino. gave to the world nu
merous works which he has firmly be
lieved were written under the guidance
of a deceased astronomer communicating
with him under the name of "Lumen"
through a medium In whom he had the
greatest faith, has announced unequivo
cally that he has gone back to his pre
vious state of unbelief.
The college professor, who has been
from his youth a pronounced skeptic in
all such matters and was only by much
persuasion induced to countenance the
idea of possibly existing supernatural
forces to the extent of becoming a mem
ber of the Society for Psychical Research,
has almost at the same moment an
nounced his conversion to the belief that
there Is a life beyond the grave, and
that the spirits of those departed are not
only conscious, but are capable of hold
ing intelligent communication with us
who still remain in this material world.
The dual aspect of the position of these
two stars in the intellectual firmament
is a strange one indeed. Both being men
of unusual brain power and of position
high enough to give assurance that they
express only their own honest convictions,
utterly uninfluenced by any material con
siderations whatever, Their exchange of
beliefs has had no real effect upon the
equation over which humanity is forever
puzzling in a more or less vain effort to
find the unknown quantity.
The defection of the astronomer, which
would ordinarily have been considered a
most serious blow by all the adherents to
the spiritualistic belief, is quite compen
sated for, in their estimation, by Professor
Hyslop's most unexpected desertion from
the ranks of their enemies. The divine
religion of true spiritualism, say they,
though sorrowing for the backslider, has
really lost nothing by the transaction.
The story of the conversion and retro
gression of the one scientist and the un
willing convlncement of the other is an
interesting one not only to those who feel
vitally concerned as to the truth or falsity
of spiritualism's claims, but also to those
who look upon the whole question with
calmly impartial eyes.
Camllle Flammarion's reputation is
world wide. Born in Haute-Marne fifty
seven years ago. he was educated for the
priesthood, but never took the vows. In
stead of thus securing for himself a sure
place in a spiritual heaven, he felt more
drawn toward the work of solving, as far
as in him lay. the mysteries of the ma
terial heaven which surrounds his earthly
home: and. therefore, as soon as he was
able to do as he wished, he enrolled him
self as a pupil at the Paris Observatory.
That he had perfectly diagnosed his own
qualifications and capabilities was soon
made clear by his rapid advance in the
mastery of his chosen science, and before
he reached the age of 30 he had delivered
several series of lectures on astronomy
which attracted the attention and com
mendation of the entire scientific world.
It was he who first /suggested the prac
ticability of the use of balloons in the
study of upper atmospheric strata, and
his maps Illustrative of this subject have
never yet been improved upon in any
way: while his books on various astro
nomical subjects are used as guides by
many other renowned students of the
wonders of the firmament.
Practical as was and is his strictly pro
fessional career, Flammarion has always
been peculiarly drawn toward the realm
of mysticism and speculation. Of a tem
perament almost Oriental in its charac
teristics, he from childhood was possessed
BANK DEFUNCT FOR TWENTY
YEARS PAYS DEBTS AND
LARGE DIVIDENDS.
nORE than twenty years ago the
Third National Bank of Chicago
formally closed Its doors and
a receiver was appointed. To
day this stock is held at
nearly double its par value; and it is
regarded as "gilt-edged" security. With
in five years, although the bank has re
ceived no deposits, made no loans, issued
no currency, sold no drafts, it has paid
two substantial dividends to its stock
holders and promises many more. More
over, it is unique in being a corporation
having large assets and no liabilities—
beyond the obligation to its stockholders.
The circumstances which led up to
these peculiar, even unprecedented con
ditions, make a story probably without
parallel in the annals of national bank
nsrior to the panic of 1873 the Third Na
tional Bank ranked as one of the stanch
est financial institutions in the West. It
had a capitalization of $750,000 and its di
rectory Included some of the most prom
inent names in Chicago — such men as
George M. Pullman, J. Irving Pearce. Jo
seph Medill. C. H. Curtis, C. M. Hender
son C. R. Steele, John H. Thompson,
William T. Allen and S. S. Benjamin.
When the financial crisis of 1873 was at
its height the Third National Bank sus
pended payment for a single week as a
precaution against a threatened run.
Then it opened again and prepared to re
sume its old place in the business world.
But a bank Is like a man. It is trusted
implicitly until it reveals some inherent
weakness. ___.___._. __
The Third National Bank had the finest
officers ln Chicago, the largest force of
clerks, the longest list of country corre
spondents, but it also had the single slip
from the path of financial rectitude to
live away. Some of Its officers, knowing
the need of unusual efforts to maintain
Its business supremacy, signed the bonds
of the Treasurer of Cook County, thereby
receiving large deposits of the public
money to swell the quarterly reports. The
bank also appeared as the main deposi
tory of a Board of Park Commissioners,
of which its president had become the
treasurer. Other bankers, looking on, saw
the signs and understood them.
In 1873 the deposits exceeded $4,000,000,
but they kept creeping down until late in
1877 they were only $1,164,000.
In September, 1877. an extensive hotel
property owned by President Pearce and
one of the other directors was destroyed
by fire It had no connection with the
bank, and yet the bank felt the shock.
A few weeks later President Pearce called
on the New York correspondent of his
bank and asked for a temporary loan to
be used in case the heavy deposits of
the next morning this epitaph appeared
on the bank door:
• THIS BANK IS CLOSED. :
by a vague yearning after the seemingly
unknowable ln life here and hereafter.
Strangely enough, though, he never al
lowed his temperamental desires to influ
ence or cloud his judgment. His self^
recognition of his mystical tendencies
made him, indeed, particularly discrimi
nating and critical under all circum
stances that appealed to the other side
of his dual nature.
Earnestly desirous always of journey
ing beyond the limit of ordinary human
knowledge, he yet insisted upon going
every step of the way upon solid ground
and with his very bright and observing
eyes wide open. He was always seeking
information and looking for new light,
but the slightest shadow of fraud or hy-
pocrlsy was sufficient to disgust him, and
his peculiar investigative methods and his
intolerance of sham made him dreaded
by all the so-called mediums whom he
chose to honor with his personal atten
tion.
Much interested at first by the "won
derful Buguet," whose photographic neg
atives bore impressions of the spirits of
the dead, he soon declared publicly: "I
have with my own eyes caught sight of
his (Buguet's) previously prepared
plates."
The famous medium, Slade, came very
near making him a convert, but he pur
sued his Investigations so unremittingly
that one day he announced that he not
only had detected him writing beneath
the table on a concealed slate, but had
also given him a very simple task which
he had been unable to perform. Admiral
Mouchez, director of the Paris Observa
tory, had. together with Flammarion,
sealed together two slates with observa
tory paper in such a way that if tam
pered with the fraud could not have been
disguised, and Slade had been obliged,
after having them ten hours in his pos
session, to return them unwritten on.
Such experiences, while they did not
lessen Monsieur Flammarion's eagerness
to know more of the mystic side of life
and death, naturally increased his skep
ticism as to humanity's power in the
premises. He declared himself not only
open to conviction, but more than desir
Wheat fell 2 cents, pork 10 cents, and
the markets in the Board of Trade closed
weak.
The earliest report on the condition of
the bank, made by Colonel Huntington W.
public money should be withdrawn sud
denly, and the New York bank hesitated
and hedged.
On President Pearce's return to Chicago
he found that some of the directors of the
bank were losing confidence ln Its ability
to meet the demands which might be
made upon it.
In spite of the loss of confidence, there
was no regular run on the bank, and yet
it was suffering from a wasting disease
known to financiers as a "vest pocket
run." Depositors drew out their money
and it was not replaced. A St. Louis paper
printed a brief telegram hinting at the
condition of the bank and every mall
brought drafts that helped to drain its
reserve.
One day the County Treasurer gave
notice that he would want a half million
dollars. He was very agreeable about lt,
but he must have the money. He, too,
had heard the rumors and he must protect
himself.
A half-million dollars is a very large
sum of money to ask instantly from any
bank's reserve cash. The officers of the
Third National Bank ran here and there
for help, thereby spreading the odium of
their distress. The First National Bank,
fearing a general financial disaster,
agreed to lend a helping hand if the
Union National Bank would do the same.
The Union National Bank, after question
ing and delaying, agreed by its president,
W. F. Coolbaugh. to advance $300,000 in
case of emergency. With this money and
other promised assistance, President
Pearce was sure that he could make his
bank stand any strain. The First Na
tional Bank was ready to do anything in
its power— it only awaited a formal re
quest. Other banks also expressed their
friendliness.
One hundred and fifty thousand dollars
of the borrowed money was to be deliv
ered on November 14. That morning Pres
ident Coolbaugh was found dead at the
foot of the Douglas monument with a bul
let hole ln his temple. His bank, fearing
for its own safety, refused to advance the
promised money. The First National
Bank followed its example. New York long
since had refused a friendly hand—
the Third National Bank found itself
deeper than ever in the meshes of mis
fortune. ':-.%: .'..
About this time. the Park Commission
ers discovered suddenly that there was a
large block of bonds not yet due which
they could pay. Of course they wished to
save the interest— and they withdrew
more than $200,000 all In one day.
On October 1 the bank had cash re
sources amounting to $966,530 with total
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
TWO MEN OF SCIENCE
SUDDENLY CHANGE
THEIR VIEWS— WHY?
ous for it, but it was not until Eusapia
Paladino made her abearance in the
spiritualistic world tha!* he declared him
self subjugated.
Eusapia Paladino was a small trades
woman residing in Naples in the early
part of the present decade. She was an
Illiterate person, unable to read or write,
and with absolutely no ideas outside the
dull routine of her small business and
daily life, but she developed, quite unas- p
sisted, an apparently mediumistlc power V
which made her for some years one of
the greatest wonders of the age.
She was a woman of ordinary appear
ance, rather small, of dark complexion,
40 years of age, and of somewhat phleg
matic temperament. A woman neither
brilliant of intellect nor even commonly
educated, she yet managed to utterly con
fuse and puzzle some of the most eminent
scientists of our century, such as Lom
broso, Schlaparelll, Darieux, Charles
Richet and the Comte de Rochas, and
Flanjmarlon at a Seance With the Famous Medium Eusapia Paladino.
assets of $3,910,891. By November 21 the
cash had shriveled away to $283,903, and
the total resources to $2,742,907.
On November 21 the Clearing House
Association wrote Its death warrant, and
Jackson, showed that the nominal assets
were about $1,800,000 and the debts were
nearly $1,000,000, leaving a nominal $800,000
to pay the stock liability of $750,000. On
paper this looked most encouraging, but
a close examination showed that there
was too much "slow" paper and not
enough "short."
Of the real estate, one tract of a hun
dred acres lay on a barren sand ridge near
the lake shore and nearly ten miles south
east of the City Hall. Another tract of
forty-five acres was nearly as far to the
west of the city on the bare flat prairie,
where there was little prospect of Its ever
being anything more than a cabbage
patch. Still another piece of property lay
far out in the southwestern portion of the
city, and it seemed to some of the ninety
stockholders that it would hardly pay
the bank to retain Its property and meet
the expenses of management. _? ' 
But the receiver was a man of wide
resources and unbounding faith, and had
faith In Chicago.
Three months after the closing of the
bank— on Janury 31. 1878— the depositors
received a dividend of 45 per cent. . A
month later 10 per cent more was paid,
and before the close of 1879 35. per cent
more had been distributed, and the re
ceiver managed to pay two other divi
dends of 5 per cent each before the close
The Table Rose From tf)e Floor and Remained Suspended for Two
Secorjds.
make a complete convert of the eminent
and previously invincible Camille Flam
marion.
In company with M. and Mme. Block
and the two daughters of M. de Fontenay
and M. Koechlin, Flammarion attended a
seance given in the Bleck parlors by
Eusepia, who was their guest at the time.
The Blecks were earnest searchers after
truth and very anxious to observe the
medium's manifestations in surroundings
and under circumstances which would
preclude any possibility of the woman
receiving the slightest assistance in her
work from any material outside source.
During this meeting the medium sat at
the end of a common kitchen table be
tween M. Flammarion and M. de Fonte
nay, M. Bleck and his two daughters oc
cupying the other seats, while Mme. Bleck
and Mme. Koechlin sat on a sofa facing
the table, about six feet away.
At the end of three minutes the table
moved. A minute later It rose entirely
off the floor and remained for two seconds
suspended six inches above it. Two flash
light photographs taken on the Instant
show that this was an actual fact and not
a physical or mental illusion.
During the evening Flammarion felt a
hand passing through his hair, his chair
was violently pulled and shaken and his
ears sharply pinched. The table at the
conclusion of the seance was in full light,
raised twenty Inches from the floor *a.nd
remained suspended for five seconds.
As Flammarion kept his right hand on
Eusapia's knees and held her left hand
ln his left while his feet were placed firm
ly on hers and M. de Fontenay held her
right hand he was firmly convinced that
here at last was a medium who had some
Just claim to that appellation, since it
seemed unquestionable that she had some-
of 1881, thus returning to the depositors
the face value of their claims. A year
later they received their interest in full
and the stockholders were left, nearly
five years after the close of the bank, with
a score of pieces of expensive real es
tate, most of which had comparatively
little present cash value, and a quantity
of doubtful claims and costly lawsuits,
the legacy of the panic. ."
At the time of the bank's failure Chi
cago's population scarcely exceeded 4.0,
--000, and there was no reason for arguing
that in twenty years' time it would be the
second city in the country, with a popula
tion of more than 1.700,000. with real estate
appreciated in value on a scale commen
surate with the growth of the city.
In July, 1891, the receiver made the
WHILE PROFESSOR HYSLOP,
A HARD-HEADED MAN OF
SCIENCE, FROM YOUTH A
PRONOUNCED SKEPTIC,
TAKING UP THE CAUSE
TURNS FIRM BELIEVER.
thing besides natural forces at her com
mand.
In writing of this evening's experience
afterward he summed up his impressions
and convictions as follows:
"I believe we can affirm the undoubted
existence of unknown forces capable of
moving matter and of counteracting the
action of gravity. It is a combination dif
ficult to analyze of physical and psychic
forces. But such facts, however extrava
gant they may appear, deserve to enter
the domain of scientific Investigation, and
It is even probable that they may power
fully contribute toward the elucidation of
the problem— us supreme— of the na
ture of the human soul.'*
This seance was but the beginning of
a series which led Flammarion gradually
but surely from the foregolnr qualified
admission of the existence of supernor
mal powers to not only a firm belief ln
the existence and consciousness of the
soul after death, but an equally flrm be
lief In the possibility of the soul's return
to the plane of this world and Its power
to communicate more or less directly
with still living beings.
In fact, Flammarion became a spirit
ualist of the most advanced and earnest
type, and although he was subjected to
the severest criticism by the world at
large for his change of opinion and was
indeed ridiculed by many, he persisted in
declaring that he had at last found the
truth and was content with it. He be
came a member of the English Society
for Psychical Research and organized a
circle, or investigation society, of seven
teen members, all men of his own nation
ality and of high social or scientific
standing.
He carried his spiritual beliefs and
theories into the practicalities of his life
also, for after his conversion he wrote
several books which he stated were really
the dictated works of disembodied spirits..
All cf them, however, were of such a na
ture as to add to Flammarion's own repu
tation as a scholar and a thinker in the
estimation even of those who regarded
with disfavor his spiritualistic views and
declarations.
And now, after years spent in the quiet
harbor of satisfying and happy belief;
after years spent in endeavoring to induce
other storm-tossed mariners on the raging
ocean of Doubt to come and anchor be
side him. Camille Flammarion has put
up sails and gone straight out to sea
again. fy.ff-i
He has discovered, he says, that the
harbor was full of shoals and hidden
rocks, and that he was utterly deceived
by the pilots who towed his bark there
to. There is no safety there, he affirms,
but instead are dangers worse than those
of the open main, however stormy, be
cause they are secret and hidden under
the deceitful smoothness of treacherously
quiet waters.
He had found flaws in the ostensible
communications from the other world,
and while he does not dispute the .xist
ence of all occult phenomena he gives no
further credence to the assertion that
stockholders an offer of $1,000,000 for the
despised 100 acres of land, and the stock
holders rejected it. In a manner hardly
less remarkable the forty-flve-acre cab
bage patch became valuable. Car lines
passed it, the suburb of Oak Park grew
out around it, and ever.- year has added
thousands of dollars to its value.
Under the receiver's care the bank has
been as marvelously fortunate as it was
unfortunate while it was still In the hands
of the directory.
In 1898 the receiver 'was able to pay a
dividend of 10 per cent, to the stockhold
ers, and he followed it ln 1595 with a sec
ond dividend of 5 per cent.
When the receiver had finished the pay
ment of the liabilities of the bank the law
required him to resign in favor of an
spirits come back to earth and communi
cate .with the living. Mediumism he de
clares to be but a form of clairvoyance
acting upon the sub-conscious mind of tho
questioner after spiritual facts, and villi©
some mediums may be unconscious of this
and perfectly honest personally the as
sertions which they make as to their su
pernatural powers are all untrue.
As he made public his conversion to the
belief in spirit existence, return and com
munication, so he has made public his
later conviction that it was all a wretc ted
mistake on his part, and that he was de
ceived or deceived himself through it all.
Camllle Flammarion has become a spir
itualistic apostate. : -
The case of Professor Hyslop ls of a
diametrically opposite nature. He was
and ls neither a dreamer nor a dweller
among stars, nor an enthusiast in any
line. He is a plain, practical, everyday
American, except that he is possessed <f
an exceptionally brilliant and investiga
tive mind and has been fortunate enough
to have every advantage of education and
environment necessary to cultivate it to
its highest capacity.
Always skeptical of everything which
was not susceptible of material demon
stration, did not agree with known nat
ural laws, or honestly own that its only
foundation for existence was simple faith,
Professor Hyslop decided some time since
to join the American Society for Psychical
Research, his motive seeming to be at the
time to lend his best endeavors to the
unmasking of charlatanry and the ex
posing of what he. considered the auda
cious humbug of spiritual seances.
Being an earnest man In all things. Pro
fessor Hyslop devoted himself lndefat-
Igably to the work he had taken up. and
soon became one of the most executive
and efficient members of the organization
in the work of which all the civilized
world is deeply Interested. His attitude
of mind was such that he could not be
easily deceived even by the most expert
tricksters. But at last Professor Hyslop,
like his distinguished fellow searchers
after facts beyond the seas, discovered a
medium who met and refuted all his ob
jections to the belief of which she ls the
exponent, and made him a convert .here
to. What Eusapia Paladino waa to
Camllle Flammarion, Mrs. Piper of Bos
ton now is to Professor Hyslop. She ls
his Moses, leading him out of the wilder.
ness of skepticism into the happy land
of certainty and peace.
Mrs. Piper herself enjoys the distinc
tion of being one of the most phenomenal
mediums of the century. She is what is
known as a "trance" medium, and has so
far shown extraordinary powers In her
own peculiar line. In the early years of
her trances her voice was usually con
trolled by a personality who went under
the self-given name of "Doctor Prinuit."
but for some time past she has seemed
Independent of his influence and different
persons have spoken through her In a
manner to puzzle even the most stubborn
of unbelievers.
The communications received through
Mrs. Piper, which have been of the most
value, are ostensibly from George Pel
ham, at one time an enthusiastic member
of the Psychical Research Society, who
met an accidental and instantaneous
death in the city of New Tork in Febru
ary 1592. He was a lawyer by training,
but devoted himself chiefly to literature
and philosophy. Boston had been his
home during nearly all his lifetime, but
for the three years just preceding his
death he had been a resident of New
Tork.
Always Interested, as all Intelligent per
sons are, in the question of possible fu
ture life, young Pelham— was but 32
when he was killed— often discussed the
matter with his friends, always, how
ever, taking the position that such a hy
pothesis was not only incredible, but in
conceivable. About two years previous to
his decease, however, he made a solemn
vow that if he died before his friend Dr.
Hodgson and found himself "still ex
isting" he would certainly return. If it
were possible, and let him know the truth
of the matter.
That promise Dr. Hodgson and Pro
fessor Hyslop. and many others who were
previously anti-spiritualists, firmly believe
he kept four weeks after his sudden tak
ing off, and has been keeping ever since.
On March 22, 1592, while Dr. Hodgson
and Mr. James Hart, a warm personal
friend of the dead lawyer, were sitting
with Mrs. Piper, she began to speak with
the voice of George Pelham, and after
greeting them warmly proceeded to de
clare in the strongest terms the fact of
an after existence and explained the man
ner in which he awakened to its reality.
Later Professor Hyslop, also a friend
of Mr. Pelham, received communications
from him which have had the effect of
uprooting the convictions of a lifetime,
and have brought him Into the positive
belief that the actual spirit of the lawyer
hasXbeen able to return and has told htm
Important truths concerning the world
beyond this.
The medium while in her trances has
shown the most perfect and intimate
knowledge of the life of George Pelham,
and has always recognized persons at her
sittings who are utter strangers to her
self but who had known or met George
Pelham in life, calling them instantly by
their names and telling them of circum
stances known only to themselves and
him. Every friand of Pelham who has
talked with her under these circum
stances has been entirely satisfied that
it is his own active personality which
carries on the conversation.
Professor Hyslop, astonishing as the
whole affair was to him, was not easily
persuaded of its scientific truth. He at
tended Mrs. Piper's seances from time to
time for a period of several years, and
always In an interrogative and doubting
rather than a receptive spirit. But at
last his prejudices have been conquered
and his determined will vanquished. He
has become convinced not only of the pos
sibility, but of the certainty of a spiritual
existence and of direct spiritual commun
ication, and he declares that henceforth
his mission Is to be to spread with tongue
and pen the knowledge that has come to
him so clearly and irrefutably, and has
brought with it so much of solace and of
joy.
Professor Hyslop, the thinker and edu
cator, has found and rejoices over what
Camille Flammarion, tne scientist, has
cast aside as worthless.
Which of them has made the mistake
and why? The world looks dispassion
ately on them both and wonders.
agent who should dispose of the remaining
assets of the bank and divide the proceeds
among the stockholders.
But the stockholders had confidence in
the receiver, and wanted him retained in
the management of the business. A com
mittee, appeared before Congress during
President Harrison's administration and
succeeded in getting the banking law
changed so that the receiver could con
tinue to manage the affairs of the banK
And thus, by a combination of good
fortune, shrewd management and pa
tience, the Third National Bank now pre
sents the spectacle, probably unequaled in
finance, of a business institution for
twenty years defunct and yet paying divi
dends on stock worth nearly twice its par
value.THE ODD IST SUBURBAN TOWN IN AMERICA.
C=T. — T^HE queerest little village In the
I 1 -
wide world is Carville-by-the-
Sea.
H Down among the sand dunes
it lies, between the wide ocean
driveway and the bowery tangle of
green which hems in Golden Gate Park
on the southern side Th eiectric cars
buzz merrily Cliffward ar.d cityward
Just behind it. ar.d in front tbe blue Pa
ciric stretches away into infinity. Above
is. the benediction of California's sum
_ _
mer sky. ar.d around it ar.d through it
is. always the free invigorating sweet
cf the salt sea wind.
It is a settlement which has grown
with almost the rapidity of a mining
camp, where the fortunate first-com
ers have been unselfish enough to.an
nounce that they have "struck it rich."
Six months ago in this locality the
ever-shifting sand mounds lay bare ar.d
-smooth along the line of shore, un
marked by human habitation save a
roadside refreshment place or two, and
one house of a style of architecture so
odd as to make it a special object of in
terest to all who rode or drove or
•1--"- - , ■ . _ ,
wheeled past on the broad highway
which it faced.
Street cars of the type superseded by
cable and trolley were the foundation
of this residence, which was the practi
cal .expression of an original idea of a
progressive physician who was and is a
firm believer in the efficacy of sand
baths in assuaging divers ills of poor
humanity.
Two of the large "double-enders"
which used to bear amusement -seekers
back and forth from Woodward's Gar
den? in the zenith of that place of en
tertainment's fame were placed side
by side on a foundation of solid tim
bers. These, one of them, used as a re
!ception r.nd sleeping room and the other
as dining hall and kitchen, formed a
nucleus around which has been built a
commodious summer cottage, which.
painted white and surrounded by a bit
of garden coaxed into being in spite of
sandy discouragement, forms a gra
cious ornament to the landscape at the
__ .
present time.
Where the enterprising doctor led
others were swift to follow. The sin
cerest of flattery — that of imitation —
was bestowed upon him almost at once.
The prospect of enjoying all the beau
tiful pleasures of a seaside resort free
from th^ hovering horror of a pros
pective hill so large as to cloud one's
I happiness for being proved alluring.
The certainty of being able to accom
plish this within so short a distance
from the Pacific Coast metropolis as to
make business ar.d amusement there
merely the matter of a little over a
brief half hour proved irresistible 7 , to .
several Pan Franciscans even before
th- 3 winter rains ceased and summer
smiled on the land.
To own or rent a house at the sea
side is a charming thing even more
charming than to live under the hos
pitable roof of the most attentive and
agreeable of seaside bonifaces. but
houses in desirable localities, whether
owned or rented, usually come high.
When, however, one can, without going
through the agonies of house-hunting
or the miseries of house-buildir.g, order
a cozy yet commodious "hand-me
down" residence one day and have it
delivered on the lot the next, ready for
occupancy, one of the problems of civ
ilization seems to have been solved.
A mild boom in sandy real estate and
discarded street cars followed public
understanding and appreciation of Dr.
Cross' happy thought, and the settle
ment of Carville sprang into being.
One of the first to step from the wil
derness of civilization into the civiliza
tion of the wilderness was a school
MIMIC OCEAN FOR EXPERIMENTING WITH MODELS OF UNCLE SAM'S BATTLESHIPS
HO?, over fifteen years Rear Admiral
Hichbofn. Chief of the Construc
tion Bureau of the navy, has been
endeavoring to secure the building
of an experimental naval basin.
He was sent abroad by Secretary Chan
dler as far back as ISS_ to see what im
provements had been devised In shipbuild
ing by other countries, and came back
with the idea for this in his brain. But
it was not until the close of the Fifty
fourth Congress , hat he was able to se
cure an appropriation of the necessary
$130,000 to put his plans into operation.
The need of such tanks has been recog
nized abroad for a still longer time, but
the Governments have hesitated to go
into it sufficiently to attain the - est re-
Bults. William Denny, the most progres
sive of the Scotch builders and the owner
of the only private basin In the world,
said recently in discussing the question:
"Of all the problems about a steamship,
the only ones incapable of being solved at
the present moment by a priori method
are those relating to speed and power.
Nn ability and no energy will ever enable
even the most skillful naval architect to
overcome the want of an mental
tank in coping with these questions."
It is to find out this ideal hull— the one
that will attain the maximum result of
speed, of carrying power or of whatever
other quality that may be desired— that
the United States has erected, after many
years of solicitation on the part of the
Bureau of Construction and Repair, this
enormous basin.
The basin was authorized by Congress
two years ago. .-._ already partial experi
ments have been made with a model of
th"- lowa, and the basin has been proved
to be thoroughly accurate ln Its predic
tions in regard to speed. Very soon ex
haustive experiments will be begun to
determine the best shapes for the hulls
of the new "warships authorized last
March.
The tank has a length of 500 feet, and
along each of Its long sides is laid a
railway on which runs a "towing car
teacher, who had temporarily been con
quered in an unequal battle waged be
tween the instructors in the various
schools of our city, and the "solid sev
en" of our last ■7's Board of School
Directors.
With a grown daughter to support
and numerous other calls upon her
generous but slender purse, this lady
had yet managed to save enough out
of her earnings to buy a soul of the
park" lot. feeling sure that it wouid
prove to have been a profitable invest
ment in years to come, but having no
thought of its present possibilities.
When; however, It became impossible
to collect the moneys justly due her
from the city; and the question of pay
ing rent out of an invisible income be
came a serious one. the teacher took a
Saturday car ride out to the Cliff House
with a vague idea of putting up a tent
on the one spot of earth that she couid
call her own. and living there In primi
tive fashion until right conquered might
and she cam: into her own.
She came back to the city with a new
idea which she had gathered by the
wayside, and she put that idea into ex
ecution without delay. From the win
dow of the eiectric car she id seen the
house of the disciple of Esculaplus nest.
line among the sand hills, and the sight
had been an inspiration.
A day or two later another car made
its unwilling appearance in the soli
tude of the sands, and then on the next
Saturday an express wagon came from
the city loaded with a few simple arti
cles of furnishing ami a fiat-topped
trunk, and on the next car out came the
teacher and her daughter and took pos
session of their new- home. There was
r.o rent to pay now. nd for a little
while the heroic daughter bravely sold
papers to heip out household expenses
and the mother's necessary car fare to
ar.d from her, at that time unremun
erative. work. These two live in Car
ville still, but under happier auspices
and their home, beautified inside and
out by the exercise of woman's wit and
wisdom, is one of the "show spots" of
the locality — a monument to the re
sourceful bravery of a thoroughly inde
pendent and self-reliant human being.
The two houses made a brave show
ing from boulevard, beach and car line
and awakened envy in many an erst
while peaceful and city-contented
breast, and soon the tide of urban emi
gration turned that way.
At first the plain and simple car.
made stationary by certain mysterious
— to the lay mmd — bracings and com
plications of timbers, was considered
perfectly satisfactory as a residence.
The interior of a street car ls far more
spacious than such persons as have
only tenanted them for purposes of
travel can easily realize.
When one rides on vehicles of this
description only during the crush of
morning and night and holiday the pre
dominant impression retained by the
mind is of their cations rather than
of their true dimensions. A double car.
freed from its late and early tangle of
uncomfortably crowded passengers and
their bristling array of encroaching
knees and elbows ar.d baskets and bun
dles, is a pretty good sized apartment
after all when it comes down to a mat
ter of actual measurement. By a little
arrangement of portieres two people,
and possibly three, can dwell in one
quite conveniently and pleasantly, pro
vided always that they are of amiable
dispositions to begin with, and this fact
has been proven by the Inhabitants of
Carvil!e-by-the-Sea time after time.
At first where the family to be shel
tered was actually too numerous to be
tucked away anywhere inside one car
another was wheeled alongside and an
aristocratic double house was th» ad
mirable result. This idyllic simplicity
of thought expression, however, did not
long satisfy the vaulting ambition of
the progressive beach dwellers. At
least those of them who had become
riage." which extends like a bridge over
the tank from side to side.
When the great weisrht of the carriage
(twenty-five tons) is taken into consider
ation as well as the rapidity with which
it moves and the perfect control under
which it operates at all times, lt will be
easily understood that the whole process
of operation is little short of marvelous.
In fact, the motor carriage of the model
basin it a mechanical and electrical won
der and a thing almost entirely unique.
On it is complicated piece of machinery,
worked by the Ward-Leonard system of
electrical control, capable of driving the
carriage along the rails at twenty-flve
miles ar. hour within 200 feet of the start
ing place.
flung to this bridge carriage, by means
of a dynamometer, will be the various
models which it ls designed to -..-_.
loaded so as to float the exact propor
tionate depth designed for the ship. As
the carriage sweeps along, towing the
model, the dynamometer will register the
resistance of the water to that particular
form of bow at each speed from one knot
an hour up to thirty. If it is found that
the resistance Is greater than It should
be. the model will be taken back to the
carpentering establishment attached to
the basin and trimmed down or built out.
as may be thought best, and then tried
again and again until the very best shape
for the purpose intended is resolved upon.
When one is finally adopted the resist
ance of the water to its progress at vari
ous speeds will be carefully noted, and
from this it will be very simple to calcu
late the exact power of the engines re
quired to give the snip, when built, the
greatest speed. Hereafter there will be
no danger that the engines will be found
too weak for the ship, thus losing speed,
or too heavy and strong, thus losing
weight that might better he devoted to
some other part of the vessel.
There is one especial advantage in the
high speed that can be attained in the
tank which a layman will necessarily
overlook. It results from the tendency
of a ship to bore downward in the water.
The faster she goes the deeper she will
bore, the more of he? will be submerged
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
landed proprietors and owned their own
unique habitations. The chief pleasure
of ling- one'- home seems to he gen
erality of men to lie In hammering on
it and adding to it and taking from it
and changing it about according to
their own sweet wills and this pleasure
the Caryille people fairly revel In.
Loads of lumber began to appear and
shift themselves from cart to sand.
Busy men In shirt-sleeves, with two
foot rules sticking out of 1 heir pistol
pockets ar.i an arsenal of wicked look-
ing implements of steel, began to flit
about and go through strange and in
explicable performances of kneeling
and bending and squinting along imag
inary lines and finally figuring on
boards with queer, wide pencils, the
like of which ordinary people never
saw before.
And then changes began. Car was
added to and planks to frame in every
imaginable way that human fancy, as
exemplified in Carville, could suggest.
Cottages, villas, Swiss chalets, castles
and towers began to rise in every di
rection, and the decorated as well as
the utilitarian possibilities of a corpor
ation's discarded rolling-stock were ex
ploited to the utmost. "Bobtails" and
The New Naval Basil) for Testing Government Models,
' "ii i •--_- inn ■__ iiiii-_-ii-T-_-i-_iiii-r __________________________Miii
PROBLEM; Given a Sandlot
and an Old Street Car,
flake a Comfortable and
Pretty Home Therefrom.
yy. J_/ ; •
a 0000000000000000
a o
« What has been g
0" o
g done by the §
o people of that »
o most unique 5
| town Car- g
n vllle-by-the- »
o r^ o
o bea, o
O Q
C.O 000 000. 0000000000
"double-enders" were both pressed into
service, and the result of this original
exercise of brains and Ingenuity has
been to give the city and county of San
Francisco a suburban village unequaled
anywhere for picturesque originality of
situation, design and material.
At the present date there are over
seventy houses made wholly of street
cars situated between Boulevard sta
tion. Forty-eighth avenue. X street
and the ocean. In Cartown, which is
the farther north of the two sister set-
*'» A CQZY ir.T_LRIOP- «*«%«
tlements which combined from Car
ville-by-the-Sea, the original idea of
the carhouse pure and simple Is almost
without exception adhered to. Un
doubted y the fact that the lots here,
as well as the houses, ire leased from
the 3ul heirs and not owned by the
tenants accounts for the fact that less
attention is paid to exterior than to in
terior decoration in this part of the
community. But no cozier and prettier
apartments can be found throughout
the length and breadth of the land than
those of which one ----- tantalizing
glimpses v.hen toiling through the
pathless sands of this queer corner of
-
Across a mutable wall of yellow-drab
■7 -_ -.'.
sand which one day, rising high, shuts
the two settlements sternly .part from
each other, and the next, by a sudden
whim of the never-idle wind, is leveled
so low as to bring them into harmon
ious union, lies the larger and more pre
tentious Heymanville.
Here lots are sold on deposit and in
stallments, ar.d thirty-five dollars more
than the money necessary to secure the
rieht of occupation of a parallelogram
of Mother Earth's unstable covering
gives the intending* citizen of Carville
a house sufficient for all his needs until
he shall be seized with the mania for
planningpicturesque and pecullararchi
tectural efforts which is apparently rife
among his fellow dwellers on the shore.
.■■■■.Mr. - ■■ ;:■■■--■
The now old-fashioned span of cars
placed soberly side by side is not par
ticularly popular now, though this
method of arrangement still has Its
conservative adherents. Common vari
ations are cars set tandem fashion,
with a canvas -covered passageway be
tween, and cars set end to end, form
ing three sides of a hollow square, with
a garden, or a chicken yard, or a swing
ing hammock in the sheltered space be
tween.
The prevailing idea, however, seems
to be to see in how many varieties of
ways a car may be used ln the con
struction of a building for either use
fulness or beauty, or both. The curv
ing top of a car, its dashboard and
storm shelter and its rows of sliding
windows, make it ornamental wherever
it may be placed in the construction of
a building once the mind resolutely puts
away the thought of what it really is.
Used as a mansard roof, they lend a
distinct touch of dignity to the plain
board structure beneath. Grouped to
gether and piled upon each other, they
make, with the addition of a little paint,
wonderfully attractive dwelling places,
far and away better, even from a pure
ly artistic standpoint, then the swell
fronted, gingerbread decorated mon
strosities that offend the eye on many
city streets.
and the larger will be her displacement.
For Instance, the coast defense vessel
Monterey, when running at full speed,
plunges her entire bow under the water,
thus offering a much greater surf to
the water and increasing the resistance
to her passage. It is evident that por
tions of the bow which are well out of
water at ten knots the maximum speed
attainable In any of the European tanks
will be submersed entirely at twenty
knots, and that much care should be
taken to design so as to offer the least re
sistance of the upper portion to the water
as is taken with the lower portions,
which are always submersed. Yet never
ln the history of the world has it been
possible to ascertain the best shape for
them in advance of actual test after the
ship has been completed, when, of course,
lt Is too late for alterations.
Objections may be made that the tank
offers, after all. only smooth water facil
ities', and will not give evidence as to work
In a sea way. Such, however, is not the
case. At one end of the tank is to be
placed a powerful propeller, which will
send waves to meet the model quite as
strong proportionately to the size as are
likely to be encountered by the ship in the
open sea. Further, in one corner of the
building which incloses the entire tank
will be placed a powerful electric fan,
which can pet up a very good imitation
of a gale of wind.
Ail these points were worked out very
carefully by Naval Constructor David w.
Taylor before the building of the plant
was begun, and there was theoretically no
doubt that all would work correctly. Still,
careful tests were determined upon to
show that these calculations were accu
rate. In other words, to make everything
perfectly safe, the "sum" had to be
proved."
For this purpose models have been or are
being constructed of the lowa, the Brook
lyn, the Raleigh and other vessels at pres
ent in existence. Abundant records, of
course, exist as to the speed of these act
ual vessels in all sorts of weather and
under all conditions. If when their models
are tested in the tank they should give
Mr. Robert Fitzgerald, a clerk In
Judge Hebbard's court, owns a resi
dence composed of two cars perched in
airy fashion side by side on an elab
orate trestlework. the height of which
enables him and his to obtain a glorious
view of the wide expanse of ocean.
Four cars placed two on two form the
home of Mrs. A. K. Staples, a school
teacher, while a retired school teacher,
Mrs. S. D. Rodgers, lives with her
daughter in an oddly beautiful house
consisting of two cars placed end to,
with a roofed frame connection, and
supported by a roomy and well-lighted
basement of ordinary rustic lumber.
George W. McCailum. a park em
ploye, has used cars simply as L's to
a two-story frame dwelling of the old
Dutch style, and E. P. Taber has been
even more Inventive, his house being a
singular but pleasing combination of
styles and material which attracts spe
cial notice even in all-attractive Hey
manville.
"Dad's Home," situated ln a sheltered
nook away from the sweep of the
ocean's breath, is one of the prettiest
cottages in the place. Cars form its
upper story, mighty antlers adorn its
outer walls and sweet peas, mignonette
and carnations, watched and tended
with loving care, surround lt with the
blessing of nature's sweetest perfume.
George H. Robinson, a clerk in the
freight auditor's department of the
Southern Paciflc, is the "Dad" who
finds surcease from his arduous labors
here among the scrubby bushes and
ever-changing, changeless scenery of
the ocean beach.
While many of the residents of Car
ville-by-the-Sea Intend making it their
abiding place the year around, there
are others who seek their seaside resi
dences only on Saturdays and holidays,
passing their leisure hours in and
around their quaint abides in true
"camping-out" style and enjoying to
the utmost the emancipation which
they there find from the artificial re
straints and obligations of city life
For the children it Is a veritable para
dise. There is the creeping, crawling,
splashing, foaming water to paddle
about in with their small, blue-veined,
white feet; there are the wild flowers—
the yellow and blue and white lupins,
the gc-lden California poppies, the
fringe-petaled. cerise-hued beach ast
ers and dozens of other bios: I - — to
pick when and where they will; there
are the steep sandhills to slide down
fearlessly without '.-_-- to life or
limb, and there is room in that wide
expanse of freedom for all their pets
and all their plays.
To- them, as to their elders who have
grasped the true secret of its charm.
Carville-by-the-Sea is the ideal home.
Mill nufca-faiiiiO" ----..--/--. •.'■_-?_■.
results which when worked out should
agree with the results in actual practice
it would be proof that other ships built
on models obtained in the tank would also
give the expected results. If, on the other
hand, it were found that the results were
somewhat different, they would give- a
basis for calculating the amount by which
the final ships should be made to differ
.... tank model.
[rally, Mr. Taylor felt more or less
anxiety in regard to the first experiment.
This wa_ made with a twenty-foot wooden
model of the lowa, double the length of
any model used abroad. So far. this has
been tested at various speeds up to twelve
knots, and the results have been prac
tically identical with the-- shown by the
lowa 3 log books. In a few days experi
ments will be made at greater speeds.
At present the machinery is so new that
it is not thought prudent to make too
great velocity. As the various parts get
adjusted to each other and the machinery,
so to speak, "finds" itself, the speeds will
be increased till they reach the maximum.
At present everything is rough and dis
cordant and makes a great deal of noise.
This, the men in charge say, will soon
wear off.
The model shop Is near the great
tank, and there are now half a dozen
models under construction in it. both
those of existing warships and those of
contemplated ones. It is not proposed to
try any of the latter class for two months
yet, the time until then being occupied in
testing existing vessels. At the end of
that Interval it Is probable that there will
be a public test of the tank and an official
explanation of Its uses. At present the
officers are somewhat close-mouthed in
regard to it. ' - I'■
It is also the intention of the Govern
ment to allow American ship-building
firms and private parties to have the use
of the model basin whenever it Is not In
use on Government tests. The models
will be constructed after any pattern that
the parties in question may desire to sub
mit and only the actual cost of the work
of constructing and testing these models
will be charged. * ' ~~~ ;-
3132
r
GOLFIND
IN
CALIFORNIA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 23, 1899.
■»