VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 61.
BRAVE FIGHTERS OF UTAH AND NEBRASKA
ARE READY FOR THEIR WELL-EARNED REST
War-Worn Men
Will Land To-
Day.
ooooooooocooooooo
o .movements OF o
© T.HE TRANSPORTS 2
© o
® TJOSPITAL ship Relief q
_ j! with sick and wounded „
* * soldiers had been aground _
on the Saratoga Spit and was _
*~ at Yokahama July 12. _
J* Transport Senator with _
**: First Pennsylvanians left Yo
koh._-.ma July IG. Due here- ~*
___ about August 2. _*
J~ Transport Leelanaw with v
*** sick and wounded soldiers ©
© sailed from Nagasaki July 12, ©
© now due. ©
© Transport Warren with °
© First Colorado P.-cgiment, 15 ©
© days out from Manila Due ©
© here about August 15. ©
© Transport Sherman with the ©
O California Volunteers is 5 ©
© days out from Manila. She ©
© will stop at Nagasaki and Yo- <**
© liama on the way and ©
© should get here about August O
©29 O
coooccooocooooooo
£ __3 H> ■* transport Hancock docked
yesterday afternoon, but the
men did not come ashore. They
V are r.oi clad for a climate such
ar: hr-.c beer the rule in San
Francisco for a week back, so it was
decided to keep them one more day on
board in order to have them furnished
with extra clothinf,-.
It was at first —ted on the water
front that the delay was caused by the
fact that the army people were not
ready to receive the men at the Pre
=id.c. ar.d because of this they were to
te detained on board. There was no
truth in the report, ever, for it was
found that ths request tame from
Colonel Mul' 3rd, who wished to have
his mer. better clothed before exposing
them, even for a day. to the fog and
the winds which sweep over the Pre
sidio.
As for the camp, it has been ready for
nearly a week, and yesterday morning
meat enough to do the troops until
this evening was taken out there.
Everything war prepared for the. men,
 . ,i_r*7 ■ii~''-.>.r*.~ *T~'_! — **lfag'fßpr«-> ---vlhi* *• ' i *ws *--
'early they might have had their break
! fasts in camp, for there was nothing
more necessary beyond starting the
\ fires in the cooking ranges. Commis- ■
sary stores and quartermasters' stores
more thai sufficient for the men have
>een sent out to the storehouses at the
can_,p, and all the men will have to do
is to take possession and make them
selves comfortable. 9 '
It was a sore disappointment to
many, roth on the transport and among
the thousands who stood waiting along
the water front and on the streets. It
was announced that the men would
march up Market street between 1 and
2 o'clock, and as the hour passed, peo
ple began to form along the sidewalks
in the good old Fourth of July way.
Along the water front the i * irymen
gathered together their stokers, and
every ono who owned a boiler began to
get up steam as soon as it *.'• a
learned that the transport was about
to »me to the dock. General Sum
mers, commanding the Oregon regi
ment, formed his men and marched
down to the wharf, ar.d two batteries
of light artillery and a troop of cavalry
from the Presidio followed to escort
the homecomers to their camp. They
• took the matter good-naturedly and
turned back without complaint, while
the men on the. troopship resigned
themselves to another day on the water
within sigh! and sound of he city.
The regiment looks well. The sick
list is a small one. and the sick men
who needed immediate attention were
t?ken In ambulant es to the general hos
pital at the Presidio at once. There
were twenty-five in all, not all from
the Nebraska regiment or the Utah Ar
tillery, however, and there are more
who desired to be left on the transport
FIGHTING RECORD OF
NEBRASKA'S HEROES
FEBRUARY 4— An outpost of Nebraska troops near Santa Mesa fired on a.
party of natives who had throe times attempted to cross their lines. Soon
after a gun from blockhouse 7 gave the signal for a general attack on
the American lines, and the Nebraskans -were set upon fiercely by
largely superior numbers, but held their own until reinforced. •
The next morning they began the advance, driving the enemy from
Santa Mesa across the San Juan River, capturing San Juan del Monte
and a strong position at the reservoir near by, with a number of prison
ers and a ' ling gun, losing three killed and two wounded.
In this, their first engagement, they behaved like veteran soldiers.
FEBRUARY 7 Continued the advance with the rest of General Hale's brig
ad- and captured the water works on the San Mateo River, ten miles
from Manila, where, they remained on duty until March 24, repelling fre
quent attacks and losing a number of men.
MARCH 24, 25 AND 2r>— Engaged in the general advance that cut the Filipino
army in two and captured Mariquina, with a loss of one killed and four
teen wounded. -
MARCH 27— They made a flank movement on the enemy at Mirilao and drove
their whole fine before them for several miles; loss, fifteen wounded.
MAR' 2<t— Formed extreme left wing of the flying column which advanced
on Bocave, swung in on the dank and doubled up the Insurgent lines
on the river, killing and capturing a large number, with a loss of ono
killed and 'ten wounded.
MARCH 30— They bore the brunt of the attack on Gulguinto, charg
ing through the rice fields and driving the enemy before them, losing
four killed and thirty wounded.
APRIL 23— Sent out to relieve Major Bell's command, who were engaged near
Quingua. In the fight which ensued Colonel Stotsenberg and Lieuten
ant Sisslon, with two men, were killed and twenty-seven wounded..
MARCH 24 AND 25— Formed the right of Hale's column In the advance from
Quingua on Calumpit, fighting all the way; forded the Chico River nt
the latter place, and with a rush swept the enemy from their works.
Officially commended for their gallantry.
MAY 5 AND &— Fought with Hale over the five miles of ground between
Apallt and St. Tomas, capturing the latter place, with a loss of two
killed and four wounded.
MAY 7— Of the whole regiment at the front 160 were on the sick list, leaving
less than. 3oo fit for duty, and they were soon after ordered back to Ma
nila, where they remained until their departure for home, getting a
much-needed and well-earned rest.
The San Francisco Call.
; so they could be in the column when
: the troops march to camp. As many .
! of these will not be able te stand the \
long journey on foot Major Gerard, :
Burgeon in charge of the general hos
pital, has ordered ten ambulances to be
at the dock to take these men along.
At 9 o'clock this morning the troops
will disembark. General Shatter has
ordered an escort, which will include
Troop F of the Sixth Cavalry, Light
Battery C of the Third Artillery, Heavy
Batteries I. « > and E of the Third Artil
lery, and the regimental band. The !
■ whole will be under the command of
Captain Pratt. Third Artillery. The
Oregon Regiment will not be In the
escort. It is a long walk and the regi
ment has performed its social duties
when it has taken that walk once. The
real reason is. however, that the work
of mustering out the regiment must not
be neglected and it is only by hard
work that it can be finished on time; j
so the Oregon men will stay in camp
and work.
The most prominent feature of the
troops on the Hancock is their joy at
i troops on the Hancock is their Joy so j
borne a -rain. The thousand •
miles to. Nebraska and Utah they do
i.rt-cmv.iiv.; :rf v- n*r_s xhxr>cj-:xr*~:a r iX'ir*ti
America the rest seems easy, and as
they hung over th*- side and gazed at
the city, while the transport drew slow
ly in to the dock, they showed plainly
what was perhaps the hardest trial of
all they showed the effects of home
sickness. Not that any individual was
evidently homesick; it was a collective
mental complaint and the whole boat
load had it. It was expected that the
men would disembark at once end bo
the wharf was partially cleared to al
low them to do so, but when it became
known that they would stay aboard for
the night, friends broke through the
line of police and got past the customs
men at the gangway by pass, by per
suasion or by strategy. Any a_y they
got aboard and a good part. of the
crowd "ii the transport's decks was
made up of civilians.
The tug Governor Irwin met the
transport out in. the stream before she
started for the dock. On board were!
Mayor Phelan and the mother and sister
nf Lieutenant Colonel Eager. The ladies
were taken on board but the Mayor I
stayed only to assure the troops of the i
city's welcome. Then he returned to
the wharf to start the cheering, as he
explained. There was little need to
start it or to keep it going. It did both
by itself and it needed no help. The
boilers along the front had not had
time to heat up to blowing pressure, but
th" engineers opened out their whistle.-.
anyway and blew pailfuls of hot water
over 'he surrounding houses in Leu of
noise and steam.
Governor Poynter, Adjutant General
Barry and Congressman Stark from
Nebraska came aboard before th"
i transport's lines were well made fast,
| and they at once paid their respects to
SAX CISCO, 3IONDAY, JULY 31. 1899.
Colonel Mulford. Governor Poynter
explained the situation to Colonel Mul
ford and together they discussed what
was to be done. The experience of the
Oregon regiment suggested the plan of
keeping the men on, the vessel where
they would at least be warm, so Colo
nel Mulford requested leave from Gen
eral Shatter* to keep his men aboard
until this morning. His request was
granted at once, and orders were issued
that no liberty be given man or officer.
The men on the Hancock have had
their experience and they have re
turned anything but . expansionists.
They are not all against expansion, hut
there is not one who thinks the Phil
■■ ippines will ever pay for the time and
; the money they have cost BO far. nor
I for. the blood that has been spilled In
,th*u- "juigfes ari'UHc- fiel*S"h~ .Ttife' •••js.t-"
ing too much, the men think, and it
will cost much more before the end is
even in sight. Having gone so far the
soldiers see no way but to go on, but
if there could he found an honorable
way out of the war— a way that will
allow this country to withdraw its
troops and leave the islands to them
selves while not sacrificing any of its
dignity as a nation, "then let them go"
is the cry of the volunteers.
In the judgment of the officers of the
troops the war in the Philippines may
be ended in a month and it may keep
going for twenty years. It will not be
hard to take and hold the seaboard
towns, but it will take years to sub
due the interior. It is not the difficulty
of getting the troops through the isl
ands, for a skirmish line can go wher
ever a man can squeeze through, but
they cannot keep up their supply trains
"WE'RE ALL GLAD TO GET HOME."
j2w___ Hr men are all glad to get home again." said Lieutenant Colonel Frank Eager of the Nebraska regiment, In
fel» I -"Peaking of the men who came' in on the troopship. "They are tired and worn out. but they did their duty and
X 1 they have earned a rest. They are in very good condition; they are comfortable, and now that we are at home,
T: I they are happy. The sick list is not a large one, and a good many of th- men on it do not belong to this regi
fe "T^pw Ao^xStaeem to be any desire on the part' of the men to re-enlist; there. was only one man from this regi
-5 ment who remained in the islands for that purpose, andl do not think there will be any more who will enlist here
ft ment who not think the regiment has much to complain of in the treatment it has received while In service. The
Ik ~nrk- was hard and the duty arduous, but the men obeyed like true soldiers. They never lost a battle, and they never
* Tos[ an inch of ground. They were In a charge once, and General Hal- sent an orderly to have them stop. The or
•* d/rlv came on the line and, running up to an officer, .he asked: 'Where are the Nebraskans?" 'There they are/ said
fe fhe officer; pointing to the boys running over a bis ricefteid and driving the Filipinos before them; 'there they are, and
8 a " h ?.T h C S a St «C C they tell on the boys, and while ] don't know how true It is Ido know that itexpresses no more than
tv,* truth General Otis gave us permission to stop at Nagasaki and Yokohama and to allow the men to spend a day on
fc '"ore The trip home has been on the whole a pleasant one-and I tell you we are all glad to get here."
without building roads, and the coun
try is not a pood one for road building.
And chasing the nimble Filipino in his
native haunts is much like chasing the
will-o'-the-wisp.. ..It ..is. generally
thought too, that even should Agui
naldo decide to surrender there would
be another in his place in a day, and
should he propose, surrender to his men
they would probably kill him. These
are" the sentiments of the men who
have just come home.
As for the service, the men are tired
of it though they say so in a dignified
way and not altogether with a note of
regret over their enlistment. They will
not re-enlist. . however, for they have
had their fill. Three men of the Ne
braska Regiment stayed behind in the
islands, two because they had Govern
ment positions and wished to hold
them, and the other to go back into
the service. And there are nearly .1000
men in the regiment.
The men will be mustered out here
in San Francisco. An effort will be
made to get the Nebraska men to come
together after they arrive home and
then the State will give them a recep
tion worthy of them, but it i*» feared
that if the "organization once breaks up
there will be no chance of it coming
together Seam.
What the men want is home. It
shows on every line of their faces; it
shines from their eyes; it crops out in
their walk and in their stooped shoul
ders and their listless bearing. They
are tired of a life in the trenches, In
the camps, on the transports and under
a. tropical sun; they want -home and
they want their friends, and the nation
can do them no greater service than to
let them go as soon as possible. They
are sick of the Philippines and sick of
the war, and the*-* are content to let
others talk of holding the islands, while
still others chase the little brown men
deep into their Jungles, and wrest from
them their malarial homes.
"Glad." echoed Captain Talbot of the
Nebraska?, "Just go out there on the
bridge and shout that, question •to the
men on the deck." J
SOME OF THE MEN WHO HAVE WON FAME ON THE FIELD.
Even the announcement that they would
not go ashore until this morning did not
stop one ringing cheer nor quench bub
bling enthusiasm. They were home, and
if they had to wait one long day before
they- could go inside it made no difference;
they were willing to put it in looking over
the fence and eating the fruit and grasp
ing the flowers the ladies of the, Jived
Cross and the hosts of friends who lined
the long dock sent up to them. -
.Home means much to the heroes of Utah
and of Nebraska. More than to many of
the volunteers who will return. There
has tot been an engagement throughout
the half year's fighting In which there
has not been one at least of the guns of
the artillery battalion. That brave little
band has been broken up Into all sorts
of Queer and unusual detachments, and it
has been' no uncommon thing for the low
est ranking sergeant in the command to
be sent off finy or a hundred miles from
the main body in full charge of his gun
and its crew. The Utah boys went over
with eight pieces— they have come back
having twenty-two and with not a man
among then, who cannot go out Into the
thick of the fighting and handle a squad.
With the Nebraska boys, they have been
longer on the firing line and have lain
longer in the trenches than has any other
regiment; and more of both commands
have been carried from the trenches to
the hospitals with the sicknesses that are
bred In fetid swamps under a vertical
sun. It was Nebraska that opened the
fighting, and her boys stayed with it until
the orders came to go home.
Governor Poynter of Nebraska and his
party went aboard as soon as the gang
plank was let down and called upon Colo
nel Mulford and the offices of his staif.
They were followed by the big delegation
that has come out from Salt Lake to
greet the battery boys. There were the
wives of officers, mothers, friends and
political representatives, and In a minute
they were in the hands of the homesick
lads on the deck, being wildly cheered
and warmly embraced. Among the Utah
party were Colonel W. G. Nebeker, Hon.
C. S. Varian and wife. Charles Read.
Hon. Richard Mackintosh and Miss
Blanche Mackintosh. W. S. McCornick
and Miss McCornick. Mrs. William Nelson
and Miss Nelson, Mrs. James A. Miner.
Mrs. '■liindsey. Hudson, Mrs. F. A. Grant,
wife of Major Frank A. Grant; Mrs. R.
W. Young.- wife of Major Young; .Mrs.
Wedgwood, wife of Captain Wedgwood;
Miss Edna Colin. Henry J. Faust Jr.. Mrs.
Etta Ellenbruck and Miss Ellenbruck,
Hon. H. E. Cary and Lieutenant Grow,
who returned to Salt Lake four months
ago to get well of a wound received in
action.
All told 1136 men came in on the Han
cock—the two batteries of the Utah artil
lery, under command of Major Grant, and
the Nebraskans, under command of Colo
nel Mulford. Both commanders won their
rank by conspicuous bravery In action.
Major Grant succeeded Major Young in
command of the battalion when the latter
was made a Justice of the Supreme Court
of the Island of Luzon. Colonel Mulford
succeeded Colonel Stot.-*enburg when he
was shot down at Calumplt. Both officers
are Immensely popular* with their men,
and are as glad as the men that the fight
ing is over.
Concerning the administration of affairs
in the Philippines the officers lined to
talk for quotation, although they were
nearly unanimous In the opinion that the
game is not worth the candle. "The whole
archipelago is not worth the money that
has already been expended." said a prom-
inent officer of the Nebraskans. "and both
officers and men on the other side feel that
way about it. However, they say we
have started in -to fight for them, and
they will stick with it until the Govern
ment changes its mind."
Down on the decks,, where the men of
the ranks were, only the same opinion
could be found. It was all right at first
when the fighting was hot and the sensa
tion a new one, but after they had had
time to think it over;. after they had seen
their comrades go down before Tagal bul
lets, or carried sick to the hospitals, and
tried to figure out the compensation for it,
they changed their minds, and only a
longing to get out of it and get home and
forget all about it was left.
The unloading of the transport was be
gun almost as soon as she had docked,
and continued throughout the day. Box
after box was hoisted from the nold and
let down to the customs inspectors on the
dock, to be afterward hustled away by a
detail of battery men under Lieutenant
"Webb. The boys have come back' wish a
hoard of curios and all kinds of light
clothing, but against the more rigorous
climate of San Francisco they are not
protected. Only a few of the artillerymen
nave overcoats and blue flannels. The
Nebraska men have only their khaki uni
form... and are already suffering severely
from cold. They were informed by their
officers, however, that there was every
thing they needed, Including two months
pay. to be had as soon as they get out to
the Presidio.
.HOW SOME .HEROES
WON T.HEIR, STJIRS
I POTTED him all right enough," said
Private W. W. Grayson of Company
D of the Nebraskas. "but I didn't
know when 1 did. it it was going to
start the fun going." It was Private
Grayson who fired the first shot of the
present unpleasantness, and of this oc
currence which has made him famous he
tells a modest, plain tale.
'.We were detailed at outpost No. 2 In
front of Santa Mesa." said he. "and when
we went down there on the morning of
the 4th of February we went out t.i re
connolter and see what we had In front of
us in the way of Filipinos. We bumped
right into a Tagal lieutenant and a couple
of men, and they ordered us to keep off
1 their lines. We ordered them away from
ours, and -they told us that 'to-night the
Americanos would move back or the Fili
pinos would know why.' t That lieutenant
was a particularly aggravating cuss and
he bothered us all day. cursing us in
Spanish and choice Tagallo.
"That night Private Miller and I heard
a signal to our left and an answer to our
right, and then a red light flashed in the
tower of the Filipino blockhouse and we .
knew there was something doing. A
minute later the Filipino lieutenant raised j
up in the brush ahead of us and inside \
our line. I called twice upon him to halt,
but he wouldn't do it and I pulled the
trigger. A little later we caught two
more of them inside and Miller got one
and I the other: then the rifles began to
crack all around us and the fight was on."
There are other heroes on the boat be- j
sides Grayson. Every other man on the
roster has got either a wound or a rec- |
ord, and neither the one nor the other .
was obtained except by some conspicuous
act of bravery in a class of battle that !
afforded ample opportunity for Individ- j
ual daring. Major Frank Grant, com
mander of the now famous little fleet of j
"tinclads" which made "good niggers" of
so many Filipinos along Luzon's rivers, J
earned the title of "Dewey" by his dash !
and fearlessness in action; and action was |
a* thing he had plenty of. It was he who j
took his flagship, the Laguna de Bai. up
the Pasig and with Lieutenant Frank ,
I lines as his second in command captured
the towns of Sexmoan and Guagua, with
not many more men that two' full gun
crews. There isn't a man in all the Utah
battery who does not nonor him with the i
title of "Dewey" when he heaves in sight, :
and Lieutenant Hines is just as much ad- j
mired. • - ' _ _,
Lieutenant W. C. Webb of Battery A of j
the Utahs won more honors than he can i
'comfortably take back to Salt Lake with
him. and also his commission in the regu
lar army as commander of another of the
"tinclads," the Covagonda. When Gen
eral Lawton was attempting to lead his
division down through the province of
Pampagna to connect with the forces of
Major Kobbe, who was. trying to lead his
up. Lieutenant Webb was put in command
of the Covagonda and sent up the Rio
Grande de Pampagna to look into the dis
position of the natives, and if it were not
friendly to give them the best he had.
From Calumpit up he found them peace
able, but when he got to San Luis he ran
into the fire of . 150 concealed rifles nor
twenty yards from the boat. It was here
Sergeant Ford Fisher was killed.
"We turned loose the 'Gats' on them."
said Lieutenant Webb, "and it took us fif
teen minutes to fire 5000 bullets and 100
percussion shells at them. We found over
fifty of them dead in the brush.
The natives of „ie district were all ami-
WHERE AND WHEN THE
UTAH BOYS WON FAME
THE fighting record of the "Utah boys" during their year of service I
against the Spaniards and the Filipinos is one of which veterans of many I
campaigns might well be proud. Always' at the front and ready for *
action, they bore a most prominent and efficient part in every fight j
in which Otis' and Hale's brigades, to which they were attached, ,
were engaged. _ I
The two batteries, A and B. commanded respectively by Captain R. V\ : ,
Young and Captain F. A. Grant, left San Francisco with the second cxpedl- *
tion on June 15 -.of last year and reached Cavlte July 17. They were put In j
front of the Spanish lines below Malate, where tiny gave most gallant and I
efficient support to the California and Pennsylvania boys in the attack of 1
the Spaniards on the night of July 31. For their conduct on this occasion they J
received the official thanks of the commander in chief. In the three days' I
continuous fighting which followed the Filipino attack on the night of .
February 4 last they did their full part, assisting in driving the enemy from J
Santa Mesa across the San Juan River in the capture of San Juan del Monte i
and the reservoir, and in driving the enemy over the intervening hills and J
across the San Mateo River, and the capture of the water works located, on .
that stream, ten miles from Manila. At this important point a part of the *
battery remained on duty for five weeks, being under fire nearly all the a
time, and assisting in repelling the frequent attempts to capture the pumping
station, so important to the troops and people in Manila. f
Battery B opened the fight at oaloocan on February 10. and did fine .
: service with their guns -throughout the battle. When Mac Arthur's division 1
began its northward movement, on March 24. the Utahs went with the J
brigades to which they belonged, taking full part in the fighting and capture
of Mariquina. San Francisco del Monte. Bakrai and Palo, winding up on the t
third day in front of Mlrejao. ,
They participated in the capture of that place the next day. of Bacave on J
the 29th. in the battle of Guigulnto on the 30tn and In the capture of Malolos, .
the Filipino capital; two days later. In :he advance on Calumpit. which f
began on April 24, Company A accompanied Hale's column byway of Quinqua l
in the advance on the north side of the Quinqua River, and the other— B — f
went with Otis' brigade direct from Malolos, both taking part in the almost fc
continuous fighting along the road and in the capture of Calumpit. *
When Mac Arthur crossed the Rio Grande and continued the movement *»
along the railroad to San Fernando, the Utah men. as before, were up in the ***
advance, and did good service on the march from Apalit to St. Tomas and "J
in the capture of the latter place, as well as at San Fernando just after. i
In the first days of the February fighting Sergeant Harry Young. Corporal **
J. Young and Private Wilhelm Goodman were killed, and two others were *J
wounded! and so on until the end of their campaign their way across the "J
Luzon hills and marshes was marked by the bloody results of fierce fighting. "J
*•••••••_»•_»■»•-»■-»- tt te m te ■* _»■ _»-••*••*•**
- - .-■- - . . ■ * . ''• : ■ " '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Held on Board
Until Fitly
Clad.
i gos after that, and Lawton's junction
with Kobbe was rendered easy.
Lieutenant Webb was also with the de
tachment which discovered and wrested
from the Filipinos the body of assassi
: nated Dr. Young, the battalion surgeon,
i who was caught outside the lines and
i murdered by the Tagals. In the reports
! which came to this country the body of
Surgeon Young was said to have been
frightfully mutilated, but this impres
sion it is Lieutenant Webb's desire to
correct.
"The first indication we had that any
thing was wrong with him was when we
found one of his stirrups in the road,
: said he. "A mile or so farther on we
! found the body of ids horse with a big
\ blood stain on the saddle blanket. Two
j miles farther on we found his body. He
I had been shot and wounded and then
dispatched with a knife, which had been
: thrust in near his heart." .
Lieutenant Barron of Company D of the
! Nebraska* had the unique experience of
commanding an entire company through
one of the hottest fights of the cam
paign. His experience was unusual in
' that at that time he was plain corporal,
i but he made a hard and winning fight for
i all his modest rank, and he earned his
: shoulder straps because of it. Every
commissioned officer and "non-com" of
the company had either been shot down
I or prostrated by the terrific heat while
; the fight was at its hardest before Cal-
I umpit. and Corporal Barron, who is not
much bigger in years than in physique,
jumped into the command. Ho fought his
i company all through the engagement and
i was afterward recommended for gal
lantry In action and for promotion.
"After that battle at Calumpit," saiu
Major Killian. who likes to tell of young
; Barron's heroism. "there were only
I thirteen officers and 390 men of all the
l regiment who were able to report for
; duty."
Major Killian himself won promotion on
the other side by ids excellent work in
! the field. When he left Camp Merritt a
year ago be was the captain commanding
Company K. He has returned fourth hi
rank in his regiment.
TJiOSE WJiO JIRE
SICK, m .HOSPITAL
Ambulances from the general hospital
at the Presidio were in waiting when the
transport docked, and they took the help
less sick away at once. The list is as fol
lows:
Nebraska— Company A. Frank Stevens;
Company B. Albert S. Hisey. Second Lieu
tenant Albert Wadsworth. Baron Chev
rout;; Company «'. John \V. Pillsbury,
AYi'.'.iam Bowling; Company F. Charles K.
Porter; Company M, Alvin 11. Browning.
George Merquin.
Utah Artillery— A. Hans Soren
son. First Lieutenant George W. Gibbs.
Ralph Kidder: Troop B. Sergeant John
Buchi. Marshal Quick. A. Render (mu
sician), Private Bjarensen; Troop E. Har
ry Jacobs. ~: - . ' '
1 First Cn'oran**— --ornpany ij, Harry
• Kerr. ■■■••. - " '•*"" '
' Thirteenth Minnesota— Company B,
Charles Belie. Chauncey Jacobson.
First Montana- Company D. Bay Zieg
ler: Company C, John McLaughlin.
Private Richard Ralph. Battery A. Utah
: Artillery, died at Nagasaki of typhoid fe
| ver. His body was left there.
J-WJIITLM TJiEIR,
LOYJU, SOLDIERS
OMAHA. July 30.— The welcome news
that the First Nebraska had arrived at
San Francisco was received in Omaha to
day with great rejoicing. Company L, the
old Thurston Rifles, is from this city,
and Colonel H. B. Mulford went away
from Omaha in May. 1896. as major. Plans
are about completed to give the company
a great send-off upon their return to
Omaha.
LINCOLN. Neb., July 30.— Noisy dem
onstrations and joyful celebrations fol
lowed the news of the arrival of the First
Nebraska to-day at San Francisco. In
Lincoln and other Nebraska towns cannon
were fired, whistles were tooted and bells
were rung. The soldiers are expected to
leave San Francisco for home in about
three weeks, and an elaborate reception
to the regiment is being arranged.
CHICAGO. July 30.— A committee of
prominent Pennsylvania politicians, of
ficials, newspaper men and railroad men.
traveling in a special coach, passed
through Chicago to-night bound for the
Pacific Coast to welcome home the Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, which
is expected to arrive in San Francisco
from- Manila on August 5 or 0. The com
mittee carries a fund of 150,000 raised by
citizens of Western Pennsylvania with
which to bring home the returning sol
diers and provide a welcome for them. In
addition to the citzens' fund of $50,000 the
Pennsylvania Railroad subscribed $25,000.
By special arrangement with the War De
partment there will be a pay '."' attached
to each of the military trains that pulls
out of San Francisco, and in each pay
car will be the paymaster and Government
officials, who will give the officers arid
men their pay and discharge papers. Over
$200,000 will be distributed in this manner.2
A THEATER PARTY FOR
THE LATEST ARRIVALS
Al REA.DY plans for the entertainment of the latest comers among the
volunteei-s are taking shape. The Orpheum is the first to come' to the
front with an offer of twelve hundred seats to its performances.
The offer was made yesterday to the executive committee of the
committee for the welcoming of volunteers. Six hundred seats will be
for to-night and six hundred for to-morrow night. The men will be
welcomed in the same Way as were the sick men a few nights ago. The com
mittee accepted the offer with alacrity, and the Nebraska and the l tan men
will he given their theater party In proper shape.
THOSE WHOSE BLOOD
FLOWED FOR THE FLAG
The losses of the Nebraska Vo.unteer j
Infantry and the Utah Light Artillery by
battle In the Philippines are shown in the
following lists taken from the official rec- j
ords: __
FIRST NEBRASKA.
Discharged, but Remaining With the j
Regiment.
Killed and Mortally vVounded.
February S^George Clother. Company
D; Douglass L. Bridges. Company F; i
Emmett L, Fischer. Company F. ,
August 2 BEFORE MALA i 1-. Prlvatt.
C 1- Lewis. M'T* RE OF MANILA—!
August 13— CAPTURE OF MANILA—;
Private William Lewis, Private \\ . P.
February MANILA- Private Davis
Lagger, Company C; Private Louis L.
Bigler, Company I; Private Ralph _\\.
Kirns, Company I. Artificer Gustave b.a-_
Land, Private William Philllpot. Private
H. G. Livingston. February 21- First Ser
geant W. H. «' - ■'.'■ . Company F. Febru
ary 24— Private Edward Day. Company A.
March 7 PI MPING STATION—
Roscoe Young. Company B; Private Guy
C. Walker. Company G.
March 24-2-5— MAL VBON TO PALO—Ser
geant Walter Poor, Company A.
March 2.--BOCAVE TO Gl INTO—
Private James J. Boyle, Company B. _ -
March GUIGUINTO TO MALOLOS—
Private Milton Linde. Company A; Private
William Orr. Company A; Private How
ard S. Whitmore; Company L.
March SI— .MAL' '1. >S- First Sergeant R.
N. Lawton, Company E. , .";"'. --
April 23- QUINGUA Colonel John M.
Btotsenberg: Second Lieutenant L. E. Sis
son Company X; Quartermaster Sergeant
J F. Storch, Company B; Sergeant
Charles Meleek. Company H. T ., rr>T - I -
April 24-^QUINGGA TO CALUMPIT—
Private Harry MeCart, Company I. .
May l-APALIL TO SAN TOMAS Prl
vate James Spiefry.' Company G; Private
William Belden, Company L.
Died of Wounds Received in Battle.
March 2*;. Captain Lee Forby; April I,
Fir=*t Sergeant A. 11. Vickers. Company
F; April 8, Corporal Charles Kaiser . Com
pany F: April 20, Private Bruce L. Macey,
Company C; April 24, Private Otto Kas
tentenge'r. Company H; April 24 Private
Charles Schwartz. Company I': April &>,
Private Maynard Sayres. Company L:
April 26, Private Martin O. Legg. Com
nanv L; April 26, Corporal Francis Han
son,-* Company* L; December 15. 1898, Pri
vate I rank N. Nouse. drowned.
Died cf Disease.
July 24— Private W. J. Evans, Com
pany' G, typhoid fever.
October's'!— Private Alfred J. Erysman,
typhoid fever: Private Arthur bimms,
diarrhea; Private Earl Wosterhout, ty
phoid fever.
December Private 1- red Taylor,
Company L, typhoid fever.
December 30— C. N. North, Company G.
small]
Wounded.
July 30- BEFORE MALATE William
Sleili'ng. Company X (first American
blood shod In the war in the Philippines).
August 2— Private <L irge Harrison and
five others not named. '
August IS— CAPTURE OF MANILA—
Private John F. I "urn an; Private Law
rence I. Connor, Company A; Private j
George Hanson, Company A; I'rivate
Will A. Wickham. Company A; Private
Claude 1-*. Head. Company A Private
Joseph S. Oviatt, Company A: I'rivate
John P. McCauley, Company A Private
Charles E. Peltzer. Company E.
February 5 to MANILA First Ser- j
geant Or'ren F. Curtis, Company A; Cor
poral Henry Epp; Corporal Harry L.
Hull; Private Charles Hickley. Company
A; Private John L. Bronson; Private
Harry Brown; Private William Maddox;
Private Conrad Eagan; Private Simon J.
Simonson; Private James P. McKlnney;
Private Hughe Kenoyer; Private Howard
L. Kerr; Private Charles Kirkley; Pri
vate George L. Clotner.
February 13 — Lieutenant Bert D.
Wbedon; Musician W. 11. Dishbrow.
February 22— WATER WORKS—
John F. Alley, Company D; Private Alon
zo Pike. Company F; Private Charles
Lovrick, Company X; Private Enoch Da
vis. Company H.
March C— Corporal W. J. Huntington, j ,
Company F; Private Charles A. Lewis,
Company I; Private John Trimble, Com
pany I.
March 7— Captain Claude Hough; Pri
vate Herb* 1 1< rgel.
March 24 to 2*J — MALABON — Private
Harry Sherman, Company A; Private
Roscoe C. Ozman, Company C; Private
Ward S. Roberts, Company G; Private C.
E. Young. Company C; Captain Lee -
Forby (died In hospital); Private Otis
Font, Company X; Private Deeds Pars
burg. Company H; Private W. J. Keop- I
man. Company L; Private D. O. Burnetii |
Company L, Private Clarence A. Fay,
Company L; Private Ward C. Crawford,
Company- L; Private Robert E. Fitscher;
Captain Wallace C. Taylor: Private John
E. Robinson, Company M; Lieutenant Jo
seph C. irch, Company C; Private Wei- i
don R. Robblns; Company C; Private
Fred Wagon. Company A; Private Henry 1
Fetchie, Company A: Private Walker S. i
Bmedley, Company E; Private William
J. Fink, Company I; Private Mate Sum- ;
mers, Company M.
March 27— MIRILAO TO BOCAVE —
Captain C. W. Jons, Company F; Private !
Joe Scott, Company A; Private W. T.
Rymes, Company B; Private D. W. Scriv- ',
en, Company B; Private Frank Peterson, j
Company F; Private George Newsort, i
Company F; Private H. E. Wright, Com
pany H; Private lah Holorook, Company ,
I; Private Sherman Denzel, Company I;
Musician Albert Taylor: Private M. L.
Smith, Company L; Private R. E. Riley,
Company L; Private George L. Bears,
Company M; Private Perley M. Busie,
Company M; Private John Grutzer, Com- i
pany L.
March 2S— Private Ora Rosi, Company
F.
March 29— GUIGUINTO— First Sergeant
Prank Robblns, Company B; Private
Bruce Macy, Company C; Private Charles
Knapp, Company D; Private Jesse Baird,
Company 'C; Private Gustave Meyer,
Company E;; Private Edward Matthews,
Company F; Private Lewis Reed, Com
pany G;'jPr_.v«vte.- EmoryMM. Grossman,
Company.; 11;- 1 'rival.- Charles H. Youngs,
Company H; Private JameS Carroll,. Com
pany I': _ Private Joseph A. Muhoe, 'Com- 1
panjj-^;--* Corporal Monroe Spence. Corn-,
pany **2tl i^Fifst Sergeant Arthur. vicfcerS,
Company P; Private Roe Campbell, Com
pany C; < Private H'-nr:' Hickman, . Com
pany G; Private Otto Kastenberger, Com- !
pany II; Private Jack L. Beach, Com
pany M.
March 30— GUIGUINTO TO MALOLOS-
Sergeant" Hugh R. Clapp, Company D: -
Sergeant' Robert McConnell, < lompany H; ;
Private Herbert M. Barber, Company M; i
Private "William Ldgsden, Company C;
Private George R. Hummer, Company
C; Private Lynyers Durham, Company C;
Private Bert S. watts, Company C; Pri
vate Herbert Hodges, Company D; Pri
vate Eric Newfeldt. company D; Private
John E. Davis, Company E; Private
Claude N. Cbenoweth, Company E; Pri
vate-Lloyd Bpottenstefn, Company tl;
Private Edward Downing. Company
II; Private John C. Marshall, Company
H; Private Walter A. Elifritz, Com
pany H; Private Roy Duncan, Company
H.
March 31— MALOLOS— First Lieutenant
James P. Cosgrove, Company D; -Ser
geant W. L. Piker, Company L,; Private
John .-stover. Company D; Private Her
bert R-jsmtissen. Company B; Private
William L. Whitcomb, Company D; Pri
vate Albert HJsey, Company E; Private ;
Walter P. Stockton. Company F; Pri
vate Frank A. Graham, Company F;
Private John M. Everson, Company
X; Private 'Bert S. Donaldson, Com
pany X; Private Emll Sail, Company L; ■
Private Gaylord A. Blakeley, Company !
j April I— Captain Martin Herpolshelmer, i
j Company D. .",- . '
April 23— QUINQUA— First Lieutenant
I W. K. Moore, Company H; Second Lieu- ,
i tenant A. S. Wadsworth, Company B; ;
j Private W. L. Richards, Company j
B; Private Lee Stoner, Company D; Pri
vate Edwin O. Peterson, Company D; I
Private James Richards, Company D:
Private Charles Schwartz, Company ;
I D: Private John White. Company F; Mil- :
I sician Walter G. Tingley, Company F; :
i Private- H. W. Livatel, Company Fj Pri- |
i vati Walter Elifritz, Company F; Pri- .
! vate Guy Minor, Company F; Private Ed- ;
i v.-in F. Gregg. Company 1: Private James I
| Keenan; Company I: Private Daniel Wil
; kins. Company 1; Sergeant Clyde Osbury,
Company 1; Corporal — Dallash, Company |
I: Corporal — Henderson, Company I;
Corporal Harry Brookover, Company J
i X; Corporal Frank Fankl, Company X;
Private R. L. Smith. Company X; Pri- i
vate William H. Larue. Company X:
Private Fred Glbbs, Company X; Private
Otto Hemp. Company X; Private Eli Sis- I
son, Company X: Private James R. Al-
I wen. Company X; Privati Orson E. ;
HumphrX-, Company M; Sergeant Hor- '
I ace Kennedy, Company M; Corporal A..
I E. Chapman; Company M.
j April 24 QUINGUA TO CALUMPIT—
Second Lieutenant W. G. Lungan, Com- ;
pany C; Artificer John Roller, Company I
C; Private Charles A. Cadwill. Company
F; Private M. O. Legg. Company L; Pri
vate George Waglclc. Company L.
April 25— Major Frank G. Eager: Cor
■■ poral Charles Brewster. m any C: Pri
vate David Gillespie. Company E; Private
Lucius Pangborn. Company I; Private i
Willard Carter. Company L: Private j
Francis Mason; Company L; Private Her
'•■'-." Major--, i 'ompany L.
May 4— APALIT TO SAN TOMAS—Pri
vate 11. F. Dunning Company E; Private I
John < '. Hover, Company F; Private Peter
Madsden. Company I: Private W. I. John- -
son, Company X; Private Grant Chin/i,
Company X; Private Willard B. Mason,
Company L. I
UTAH LIGHT ARTILLERY. :
Discharged Soldiers Remaining With j
Their Regiments.
Wounded.
February R— Private Isaac Russell.
July NIGHT ATTACK— J. J. Wink
ler.
February 5-7— MANILA— Corporal Geo.
B. Wardla'w: Private Peter Anderson;
Corporal Andrew Peterson, Company B.
March 21- Private John P. Pinder, Com
■ pany B.
March 2! -26—MA LA BON — Corporal I
Harry L. Souther. Company B; Private
Parker Hall; Company H.
I April 23 QUINGUA- Private David J. !
! Davids, Company A: Private John Al- j
phansalp, ' 'ompanv A.
April 25— QUINGUA TO CALUMPIT— 1
Corporal Marniies Jensen, Company B;
Private — Burmeier. Company B; Private i
: John B. Ramon, Company B.
April 2^— Private Emil P. Salmer. Com- 1
pany A. ' - - - '.'• ■••.•"'.
Killed and Mortally Wounded.
February 5 to S— BATTLE OP MANILA
—Sergeant Harry Young. Company A; i
Corporal J. Young. Company A. - I
February 11— Private Wilhelm Goodman, l
Company B;
May 14 — SAN FERNANDO — Ford A.
Fisher, Company A.
j Died of Wounds Received in Battle.
April 26 Morltz Junsen, Company B.
Died in Hospital.
March 14— John T. Kennedy, Company I
B, dysentery. ' ;
. _^ _
SPLENDID RECORD
OF NEBRASKANS IN
BATTLE IN LUZON
THE .First . Nebraska Volunteers ar
rived in San Francisco May 19, 189S, j
the vanguard of the Eastern troops :
which were to form part of the- array
for the invasion of the Philippines. Dur- !
ing thei.- four weeks' stay In camp here !
they won general commendation by their
gentlemanly behavior and soldierly bear- |
ing. They sailed on the transport China
with the second military expedition on
June 15 and arrived off Manila. July 17.
On disembarking at Paranaque they '
were made part of General Greene's ad
vance", with which they continued, cheer
fully performing every duty falling to
th.-m, until the capture of Manila. j
The first American blood shed on Phil
ippine soil was drown by a Spanish bul
let on July 30 from Private William
Stirling, Company X of this regiment.
They opened the fight with the Insurgents
on the night of February ! last and bore
the brunt of the fierce attacks made by
the Filipinos for fourteen consecutive
hours, not giving back an Inch.
For the next ninety-nine days they were
in continual active service, marching
picketing and fighting, being only relieved
some days after the capture of San Fer- :
nando and the suspension of the pursuit
of General Luna's army, when there Was
less than 300 men out of the whole regi
ment fit for duty. They, took part in i
every engagement Incident to Mac-
Arthur's movements— twelve in all without I
counting skirmishes— a total loss of I
over 80 killed and 223 wounded, among
the former being their gallant commander,
Colonel Stotsenberg, with six of his line
officers.. .. • • • •
OREGON BOYS WELCOMED
Special Ssrv.'ces at Calvary I
Church Last Evfening for
the Webfoot Braves.
The boys of the Oregon regiment were
welcomed at the Central Presbyterian
Church, corner of Geary and Powell
streets, last night. The pastor, Rev. Dr. i
H. Hemphill, delivered a brief address In
which he stated that his belief was that
the soldiers came back better Christians
than they were when they left their |
homes to fight the battles of their coun
try. Chaplain J. Gilbert of the Second
Oregon Regiment followed with a retro
spective talk on the morale of the Oregon
boys during their stay hi Manila.
"Some of them went wrong In the
Christian virtues," he- said, "but I found
from investigation that as a rank and file I
they were true to the same moral princi
ples which guided them when they -.■.--:■.'
at their own firesides. I found that they
did not drink much, that they' gambled
very little and that they came. back, as
Dr. Hemphill said, better men than. when
they went away.'-' . , - - - .
A large congregation was present and
many uniformed Oregon boys were scat
tered, among those who listen,.,) to the
eloquent address of the chaplain.
The choir, consisting of A. St.. Lawrence ;
W. < '. Campbell and Misses Susie Hurt
Mark and Caroline Boyle rendered a
special programme of sacred songs and
patriotic choruses under the direction of
Professor J. Durness, the organist.
Knife Duels in Spain.
Knife duels are very frequent among
the lower classes of the cities in South
ern Spain. When two are about to
fight they blow whistles to attract spec
tators. Their left legs are tied together
at the knees, and then at a signal they
begin attacking each other with long
knives. In a duel recently witnessed
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1599.
in Alicante one of the combatants re- [
ceived 14 wounds and the other 17. — j
The Rival.
■ ♦ ■
RECOGNIZED
The Badge, and the Horse Limped to
Its Owner for Belief.
"One reads so many stories about ani
mal intelligence that it would be hazard
ous for a doubter to express his disbelief
in almost any gathering of men at the i
Bent day," remarked a well-known I
Western physician to a Star writer re
cently. "A little Instance came within
mv own observation a number of years
ago when I was studying medicine that j
convinced me that the members of the
horse family should at least be credited
with the possession of a very considerable ■
amount of reasoning power. It was the
custom for the students at the medical in
stitution at which I- pursued my studies
to wear a small badge upon their coats to I
distinguish them from* others- at the Col- I
lege. A horse belonging to the establish
ment was used a great deal about the j
medical department., and the animal |
seemed to baveta special preference for ;
the embryo doctors. Well, one day while 1
a number of us were gathered in a little
circle upon a lawn In the rear of the col- ;
lege the animal in question, which used to ,
be turned loose to nip the grass in the lo
cality, came toward the group limping
very badly. He came to a stop a dozen
or more feet away from the crowd, and,
carefully, surveying the lot of us. finally I
made up his mind what he wanted to do, '
and without any hesitation limped direct
ly to my side, whinnied, stuck his nose
against my body and held up his left fore
leg, Looking down, I discovered. a large;
nail Imbedded in the frog of his hoof. This
had evidently caused the lameness, and I
soon realized the Interesting fact that the ,
animal desired me to attend to his foot.
I extracted the nail with some difficulty
and the horse whinnied with relief and
walked away. Being curious to .know why.
the beast had picked mo out to attend to ;
his wound. I glanced at my fellow stu-. |
dents and found the solution to the prob
lem. Not one of the group had his medi
cal badge upon his coat but myself. The I
horse had therefore plainly .recognized the
insignia and acted accordingly."—Wash
ington Star.
IVY CHAPTER JEWELS
FOR WORTHY PAST PATRONS.
rj /^-=*x N the night of September 2d
L ff yi the members of Ivy chapter
** (I jl of the Order of the Eastern
0 \^l Star, of which Mrs. Lydia
0 A. Steele is the matron and
n Dr. Gassaway Is the patron, will
,- give a grand entertainment In
*•*■ Golden Gate Hall, and on that oc-
C- casion will present to each of the
Q past patrons of the chapter a mag
q nificent jewel of his rank in the
"Z order. The jewels, which are being
** 3 made from a design by R. Bujan-
O noff. are said to be the most hand-
O some that have ever been made for
n officers of that rank. The picture
" herewith presented shows the ex
*-** act size of the jewel, which is. In
O the language of the ritual, "the
Q emblem of the past patron is the
-. square and compass within the
* star." The star Itself is Suspended
O by two chains from a crown and
O scepter, and the five points of the
rt star are each in one of the colors
_ of the order, enameled red. blue.
" yellow, white and green, while a
3 small diamond takes the place of
Q the rivet in the compass. Those
n who are to receive these jewels are
• John Hatfield Cray. Frank Moxon,
3 George William Henry Patterson,
0 John P. McMur.ray, Harry Ascroft, .
_) Cyrus Clinton Dow. Ellwood Perry
Morey and Charles Lewis Patton.
GIANT POPLAR
Dies in Maryland at the Age of 1200 !
. • • • Years.
The oldest and largest tree In Talbot
f County is dead, « It has been dying for
twenty-five years or more. The tree Is a
, mammoth tulip poplar in a field of Poplar
Hill farm, near the public road leading
from La-ton to Trappe. about a mile and
a half from Eastern. The farm lias been
i named for the tree for at least 200 years,
and is the property of Mrs. Edmund Law
Rogerg, nee Plater, of -Baltimore, and was
, part of the original Plater grant made In
early colonial times. Scientific men who
, have from time- to time- visited this tree
have said that It would take at least
1000 years for this species of poplar to
' grow to such a size In this locality. It
stands alone, a picturesque feature of the
. landscape, in an open field, and can be
seen for miles from all roads and from
the water courses. The wonderful size
of the tree is in the magnitude and height
-of its trunk. Approximately it Is 250 feet
High and 20 feet In diameter. The head Is
comparatively small, and the first limb
! is 200 feet from the ground, and it carries
Its diameter symmetrically all the way up.
■ From Its top, at night, for many venture
some and agile climbers have ascended
i It. the light in Sharps Island lighthouse
can be plainly seen. A horse and carriage
behind it cannot be seen from the nearby
; public road. The lightning has not spared
i it. It is seamed and gashed and split by
: the many bolts which have struck It, and
i which have also knocked huge limbs from
] Its top. Tradition says that 200 years ago.
'■ which is as far back as tradition claims
to have known the tree— it Is named in
■ land deeds l.'O years ago— lt had lightning
I marks on it, and even then showed signs
of failure. Three years ago it was Struck
four times in one slimmer. This fierce
: attack undoubtedly hastened Its end.
1 Well, the giant is dead. The old poplar
; of Poplar Hill probably saw the beginning
! of the tenth century and died just be
! fore the beginning of the twentieth. It
j was the Mount Shasta of the Talbot land
scape.— (Md.) special Baltimore
I Sun.
ACCIDENTAL DEATHS.
Startling Results From Innocent
Abuse of Familiar Things.
A strange case of accidental death is
recorded by the London Evening Stand- !
ard. A man went to bed excessively
drunk and was found dead in the morn
ing. • The natural conclusion was. of
course, that he had died from alcoholic
poisoning, but the doctor who made the
post-mortem was not satisfied with this.
He examined the body and found over the- ,
region of the -heart a tiny hole like a pin
prick. On Investigating to find a cause
for this puncture [herd was found in the
mattress tin old rusty needle. The man
had gone to bed very drunk, and his cm
dition had prevented him from feeling the
prick. of the needle, which penetrated his
heart and caused death. ' ■■
Another accident equally remarkable
was caused by a snake of a harmless
species. A man was out shooting when he
saw a snake, and in order to stop it get
ting away he placed the butt of the rifle
on Its neck and thus pinned it to the
ground. Naturally the snake, objected.
and in its struggles to free itself colled
around the gunstock, one of the coils
striking the hammer, which was down on
the cap at the time, so forcibly that the
rifle was discharged. The contents . en
tered the man's chest and he was killed i
on the spot.
A third case of accidental death is that ;
of a man inhaling tooth powder. He
chanced to hiccough just as he was plac- i
ing a brush full of dry powder in his \
mouth. The dust got into his windpipe :
and formed a species of paste, Which
caused his death by suffocation ln a very 1
short time. _
« ♦ ■
Love may be blind, but it dictates a
lot of fool letters that sooner or later
get the writers into trouble. i
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS
DIRECT FROM A METER
STRANGE DEATH OF AN UNKNOWN MAN.
AN unknown man was found dead yesterday afternoon under the steps of
the residence at 387 Geary street. He had been asphyxiated by gas
which escaped from the meter, but whether it was a case of suicide
could not he definitely ascertained.
The dead man was lying face downward, with his head resting on
his folded arms, within a few Inches of the meter from which the deadly
fluid was escaping. He had probably crawled through a narrow doorway
under the staircase some time Saturday night.
When J. P. Goldstein, who lives in the house, came home with his fam
ily at 10 o'clock Saturday night a strong odor of gas was discovered. Gold
stein made an Investigation and lit the gas all over the house. Not being able
to account for the odor, he finally retired and yesterday resumed his search,
when he was horrified to find the body under the stairs.
• The Coroner was Immediately notified and the body taken to the Morgue.
The man was poorly dressed and is supposed to be one of the tramp frater
nity that infest the city. He had nothing upon him by winch he could be
Identified.
The leak came from the meter regulator which is used to determine if the
instrument ls ln working order, but whether the man simply crawled under
the stairs to sleep or for the purpose of committing suicide may never be
known.
SEEKS TO PUT
AN END TO HER
MENTAL WORRY
Mrs. A. C. Dunn De
termined to Die.
— • —
MAKES TWO FUTILE ATTEMPTS
—^ —
PREVENTED FROM DROWNING,
SHE TRIES TO CUT AN ARTERY
♦
Unfortunate Woman Is the Wife of a
Fresno Physician, Who Is Suing
for a Divorce ßelieved
to Be Insane.
Mrs. A. C. Dunn, a well-dressed, mid
die-aged woman, attempted to commit
suicide by jumping into the bay at the
foot of Fourth street last night. She was :
seen by a young man. who grabbed her
plunge. Her rescuer induced her to ac
plunge. Her rescure induced her to ac- ,
company him along Fourth street until
he met a policeman, to whom he told the '
story of the woman's attempt to destroy
herself. The officer questioned her, and, j
as she seemed determined to drown -her
sorrows in the Waters of the bay, he
took her to police headquarters.
Lieutenant Martin, after satisfying
himself that Mrs. Dunn had been drink
ing, ordered her locked up and a charge
of drunkenness placed against her. .
The woman is- the wife of Dr. Dunn, a :
well-known resident of Fresno. Some
time ago the physician commenced a suit
for divorce, alleging intemperance on the
part of his wife. Pending the hearing of
the suit Mrs. Dunn had been sent to a
private- sanitarium on Second street in
this city. Shorny after X o'clock last
evening she escaped from the sanitarium
and started out to drown her troubles and
herself at one and the same time.
Upon arriving at the foot of Fourth
street she removed her outer garments
and was about to throw herself into the
bay when she was discovered and turned
over to the police.
A short time after being placed In a cell
in the City Prison the unfortunate woman
pleaded with a trusty to give her a hat
pin. as she "wanted to sever an artery i
in her wrist." Falling to get the pin she
sunk her teeth into her wrist In a vain
attempt to accomplish her purpose. One
of her cellmates, seeing the blood gushing
from her wrist, summoned Corporal :
Hlckey, who quickly found the unfortu
nate woman still engaged In trying to
sever the main artery of her wrist with j
her teeth. After considerable trouble she |
was removed from the cell and sent to the |
Receiving Hospital, where a watch was
placed over her. .
It Is believed that the woman ls ment
ally deranged.
OFFICER HILL ARRESTED.
Overzealous Watchman Fires a Ran
dom Shot at a Crowd of Revelers.
Special Officer Hill, who is stationed at
Davis and Market streets, fired a shot
into. a crowd last night which is likely to
cause him some trouble. The Incident
occurred on Davis street about -past
10 o'clock.
, A hilarious party of merrymakers,
about sixteen in all, had just left Ltt
chettl's restaurant on Davis street, where
they had spent a decidedly pleasant even
ing. One of the young men, In pure ex
uberance of spirits, pickea up a broken
half of a grindstone from a pile of mer
chandise 'and carried It a out half a
block. -'--;
Hill, who is one of worse's men, com
manded him in a very decisive manner to
take ,t back. The man refused, a scuffle
ensued, and at Its close Hill deliberately
fired into the crowd. - Fortunately the
shot hit the pavement, and by a miracle
no one was Injured. Policeman Stevens
promptly took the man Into custody.
. ■» ■ —
Tortolseshell. as it comes from the "West
Indies, la coarse, dirty and lusterless. and
only the most skillful and patient manip
ulation makes it the rich and beautiful
material that it eventually becomes.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived July 30— Stmr Prlnz Re
gent Lultpold, from New York, via Southamp
ton, v ■;■:■::■'
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed' July 31 — Stmr
Bremen, from Bremen, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed July 30— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
•yt'EENSTOWX" July 30— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
MEETS DEATH
BY DROWNING
NEAR TIBURON
Henry Smith Falls Out
of a Launch.
FATALITY ON A FISHING TRIP
— ♦ —
ANOTHER SUNDAY CATASTRO
PHE ON THE BAY.
♦ ■
The Victim Is an Employe of the
Overland Freight Transfer Com
pany and a Member of the
Knights of Honor.
Henry Smith, a teamster in the employ
of the Overland Freight Transfer Com
pany, fell out of a launch and was
drowned off Blunt Point, Angel Island,
about 10:30 yesterday morning, while en
joying an outing with a party of friends.
The party, which consisted of George
HENRY SMITH.
Spelling, Dave Carroll, James Campbell,
S. Berendst, Garrett Spelling, James
Brown, Charles Ash and Smith, was out
for a day's fishing in the launch Pride.
The title was running strong and the
water was somewhat rough. The boat
lay about seventy-five yards off Blunt
Point and the party was quietly fishing,
when Carroll, who happened to be facing
Smith, the latter being seated near the
rail, was horrified to see him throw up
his hands and pitch forward over the
boat's side. .-.:_• .-■..
. Those in the boat made every effort to
save the unfortunate man. who struggled
fully a minute In their sight before finally
going under for the last time. . Smith was
probably attacked by dizziness, to which
he was subject when on the Water, hav
ing on a previous occasion fallen off a
wharf. No trace of the body has yet
been found. , :■' . ' .
The deceased, who leaves a "widow, re
sided at 33 Freelon street, was an indus
trious, hard-working man. with, a -wide
circle of friends. In the fraternal order
to which he belonged, ; the Knights of
Honor, Harry Smith was very- popular
being one of the leading members of An
chor Dodge No. 2366. .
Notice to Election Officers.
Registrar of Voters J. Steppacher re
quests all citizens who have been .ap
pointed election officers for the primary
election- to call at his offlce In the City
Hall without delay for the purpose o*f
taking the necessary oath of office and
to receive instructions and a copy of the
election laws that they may thoroughly
post themselves as to their duties
Deserted by Her Husband.
Any one knowing the whereabouts of T.
Jorgensen will confer a favor on his wife
by dropping a line to 969 Mission street
Mrs. Jorgensen claims her husband de
serted -her a week ago and carried off
their little girl. The lady states that she
Is sick and ls In destitute circumstances
WORK FOR THE
GRAND JURY OF
CONTRA COSTA
:
Charges Against Two
Constables.
— ♦ —
FREIGHT TRAIN ROBBERIES
— ♦ —
SAID TO BE IMPLICATED WITH
WELL-KNOWN THIEVES.
• ■ ♦ * - ' ' ' : .."'-*>'
ICan in San Quentin for a Burglary
Said to Have Been Planned by
One of the Consta
bles.
A most extraordinary case of robbery
has been unearthed by Detective T. L.
Ryan of the local force and Special De
tectives Crowley, Maloney and Kindelon
of the Southern Pacific staff. Two con
stables of Contra Costa County are impli
cated and the matter will be laid before
the Grand Jury of the county, so that it
can be probed to the bottom.
On April 9, 12 and 14 freight trains on
the Southern Pacific route from this city
were robbed and articles comprising hard
ware, clothing, silks, cotton goods, hose,
corsets, brushes, leather goods, Worces
tershire sauce, handkerchiefs, scarfs,
overshirts, linen collars, black silk ties
and ribbons and other miscellaneous
goods stolen, including a box of tea con
taining 100 half-pound packages, a case
of brass faucets and a nickel-plated cork
puller. " ■ '.. .
The Southern Pacific detective depart
ment, after being notified of the robberies,
soon ascertained that Joe Petancue, -a
young man who had been sent to the In
dustrial School from Oakland. Jo.- Wil
li is, alias "v.hitey," and "John Doe"
Rice, alias "District." were implicate in
the robberies. Williams is now serving
a sentence of two and a half years in
San Quentln for burglary In Crockett and
Rice is waiting his trial in Salinas for
burglary.
No trace of Petancue was found till a
few days ago, when it was discovered
that he had enlisted and was a casual at
the- Presidio. Late Friday night he was
arrested at the Presidio by Detective
Ryan; Special Detective Klndelon and
Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County.
Saturday morning he was taken to Marti
nez by Detective Ryan. Sheriff Veale and
Special Detective Maloney and on Infor
mation given by him an application was
made to a Justice of the Peace there for
three search warrants. About five hours
were occupied in getting the search war
rants, and when the officers went to me
Saloon of Henry (Jambs, at Antioch, late
in the evening, where tin- property was
supposed to be, they only found the nickel
plated cork puller, and they have no hesi
tation in saying that owing to the delay
in Issuing the search warrants ample time
was given for the property to be con
cealed.
In the presence of Charles A. Sweeney,
a Constable and Deputy Sheriff of Contra
Costa County, and Gambs, the soldier,
Petancue, accused them of being impli
cated in the train robberies. He said that
his part of the robberies was to get on to
the trains, break Into the cars, and as
they were passing Antioch to throw out
the stolen property, which Sweeney, who
was provided with a horse and wagon,
was to pick up and take to Gambs' sa
loon. Both Sweeney and Gambs denied
any participation in the robberies, but
corroboration of Petancue's statements
was found In the fact that on the night
of April 14 Sweeney hired a horse and
wagon from Chase's livery stables at
Autloch and the horse answered the. de
scription given by Petancue. Further cor
roboration was found in the fact that
Sweeney had shipped through Wells-
Fargo's, Under the name of Davis, a case
of faucets to William Stultz, a plumber
on Seventh street, Oakland.
Gambs accounted for his possession of
the nickel-plated cork puller by stating
that he bought it from two young men
who dropped into his saloon. Petancue
said he gave it to Sweeney, and Sweeney
sold It to Gambs. '-* .
Constable Moiles of Crockett Is also im
plicated by Petancue from the fact that
he offered him and Williams and Rice the
use of his boat in connection with the ar
ticles stolen from the freight cars. Petan
cue also told an interesting and romantic
story about Moiles. He said that Modes
was an enemy of Chief Detective Crowley
of the Southern Pacific, and wanted the
train robberies perpetrated so as to bring
discredit upon Crowley and curry favor
with the Southern Pacific by notifying
them that he could lay his hands on tjie
robbers. Moiles also planned with Petan
cue and Williams that they should rob
Davis' general store at Crockett. The ar
rangement was that Petancue and Will
iams should break into the store, and
when they came out with their booty
_voiles and his brother would be on hand
and attempt to arrest them, which would
show that Moiles was conversant with the
perpetrators of crime in the county. This
was in the latter part of May. The plan
was carried out. but before breaking into
the store Moiles gave Petancue some
money an 1 a revolver. Moiles had noti
fied the he id clerk of the store that it was
to be broken into, but warned him to keep
quiet about it. as he wanted to capture
the burglars. When Petancue came out
of the store with his booty Moiles
put a revolver to his head, and Pet
ancue dropped his plunder. Moiles'
brother rushed at Petancue, but Moiles
shouted to him to let him alone, and
Petancue ran. Moiles fired six shots
at him. and the bullets came so close to.
him. as to be unpleasant. .
Moiles actually intended to kill him and.
drawing his revolver, he emptied It at
Moiles, but none of the shots took effect.
Meantime Williams had come out of the
store, and was captured by Moiles and
his brother, and for this he is now serving
two and one-half years in San Quentln.
Petancue went to Antioch after the
burglary and gave Sweeney two watches
that he had taken from Davis' store, and
told Sweeney that he wanted to get away
Sweeney gave him $3 and promised to
forward the watches to him at Sacra
mento, which he did, as verified by the
officers. After getting away Petancue
went to Colorado and recently came back
and enlisted in this city, as he wanted to
go to Manila.
According to Special Detective Malonev
Moiles was anxious to get a yearly pass
from the Southern Pacific, and early in-
May he spoke to Maloney about the train
robberies and notified him that another
was soon to take place. Malonev was
anxious to know his informant, but Moiles
declined to satisfy his curiosity There
were no other robberies. °
Petancue is now in the County Jail at
Martinez, and will be tried for the train
robberies according to his own confession
He is. a reckless youth. 23 years of age
and belongs to Oakland. He was on one
of the battle-ships during the tight before
Santiago. _________________ c
Quick Changes of Fortune.
■ Quick changes of fortune and occupa
tion I have always understood to be a
feature of American life," said a voune
Englishman recently, "but I was astor,
ished In Texas, as well as amused by"
a revelation concerning the life of a
chance acquaintance I made there lit
was a well-dressed and seemingly 'win
educated Bostonian. traveling 7oV ■ a man
ufacturer of agricultural machinery an
put on a good many airs I met £.' , "
the town of Bowie. Montagu™ 'count
and thought him rather a sun'erlo? t-nn"
for a drummer. We were drinking ata
bar when in came a rough rancher wh_f
seeing th.- Boston man sTanned' T ho '
heartily on the shoulder asked hm
to drink The hardware traveler declined
haughtily, saymg: "Excuse me sir T
never drink with strangers " '
"'Oh we're not exactly strantrers
pardner.' retorted the cheerful Texan *T
remember when you was thro„a an he,j
last summer.' through here
" 'I never was here before in mv __«
SjiigSKg! the drum ™ i^| tended
"Just then two more Texans ramo* .„'
S&S&S* ™ tUrned t0 "m^ c i
beioSr' he* asked" Seen th!s ««-««»««»
ot^r'two^ahP man Carefl,,, >' •**». the
nA^ feuW'on 0 ; that n TcS^' S de "
r.*ht."-New York TrlbuiiL 6Xans were
BLUFFS THE
INMATES WITH
HIS REVOLVER
Sheriff Blackington in
an Ugly Mood.
— ♦ —
OUT LOOKING FOR TROUBLE
— —
LIVELY SCENE CREATED . BY A
NEW MEXICAN OFFICER.
♦
He Visits "Russian Rosie's" House,
Becomes Unruly, and Threatens
to Kill Those Who
Offend Him.
Sheriff Blnckington of Socorro County,
N. ___:., evidently wants it known that ho
is a man who will not stand any foolish
ness. He arriveu here last Saturday with
E. W. Gentry, a supposed desperate train
robber, and after safely landing his man •
in the City Prison he started out to have
a good time all by himself. He visited
several Market-street saloons, and failing
to meet any adventure he asked to be di
rected to some place where he- could at
least display his prowess with a revolver.
One of wie men to whom he expressed
his desire advised him to visit a notorious
house kept by "rtussian Rosie" on Stock
ton street, near Sutter. '
"Just wait till you hear from me, re
maked Blackington. drawing two re- -
volvers and closely examining them. "If
they try any funny business on me some
body will go to the Morgue."
(_. few minutes later Blackington ap
peared at the house of "Russian Rosie ' *
and rang the doorbell. The servant who
ushered him in. concluding he was a hay
seed from his appearance, lost no time in
trvlng to make him feel at home. ■'
•"'This Is a grand house, no doubt, re
marked the Sheriff from : New Mexico,
filing for his revolvers to see that he
had not been "touched" for them. Trot
out the landlady, I want to have a talk
"Russian Rosie" at this Juncture ap
peared and greeted the Sheriff with the
customary "glad hand." __,, , , __
"You're a peach, remarked Blacking
ton, taking a critical look at the mistress
of the house. "Be gosh, you d own
Socorro County if you were only there.
In order to make himself a good fellow
Blackington ordered a bottle of wine, in
some way he got the idea Into his head
that he was being played for a * 'sucker,
and with a wild whoop that could be
heard half a block away he drew his
"guns" and threatened to shoot everybody
In the house. The women, becoming
alarmed, ran from the house and sum
moned Policeman Purvis, who entered the
place and finally induced the bloodthirsty
Sheriff to leave. .
Sheriff Bhu-kington does not gainsay the
fait that he resisted an attempt to cozen
his wealth. ' , ___._,
"I went out for a racket." he said last
night, "and had an acquaintance with me.
We went to a certain place— l don't know
the street or number. I had reason to
think that I was being robbed, and I
stopped the game. I put two pistols on
the table and ordered all foes to leave the
roe.m Everybody left. I placed my pis
tols in mv pockets, left the place. Jumped
Into mv cab and was driven to the Palace.
I hate-to see this matter published, but
what I have told you is the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
QUEER TREES.
From Japan, and Other Curious Flo
ral and Arboreal Plants.
An exhibition of Japanese floral and
arboreal plants is being held at the
American . Art Galleries- - To. repro
duce - a Japanese garden plants and
decorations have been brought over,
! and some are very rare specimens,
many of them being the oldest in exis
tence. ;<** . * '■-.•• _h
Geisha girls, who came over with the
plants, pour tea in the garde:., the en
trance of which is like an old gateway,
decorated with old stone ornaments.
The trees are nearly all dwarfed, this
being done by clipping the roots. In
the collection are a number of ever
greens, ranging in age from 25 to 200
years, and most of them are trained to
the shape of Fusiyama, the Japanese
sacred mountain. One evergreen is re
puted to be 1100 years old, and the only
one of the kind in the world: it is only
10 feet high and weighs about a ton.
One of the beautiful specimens is the
chl-sho, or red maple: it is quite un
like any maple in this country having
fine, small leaves, and being of a deli
cate peachblow tint. It is nine feet
high.
One of the remarkable specimens is
a piece of mountain sponge about two
feet square, out of which there are
growing ten dwarf trees of different
varieties, such as pine, cedar, ever
green and juniper, some of them only
a few inches high. A curious and rare
specimen is the densiflora pine. The
Japanese, in the training of this tree,
have shown their usual love for re
versing the natural order of things:
the roots are nearly all exposed and
growing in the air, while the tree, in
stead of being- supported by the roots,
really supports the roots. The idea is
to see just how little root will keep the
tree alive, with the hope that in time,
by great cultivation, this tree may
flourish with barely a root. — New York
Evening Post. „--
ALIMONY CEASES
At the Death of the Victim Who Has
to Pay It-
Justice Wiimbt.M; Smith of the Equity
Term of the Supreme Court. Brooklyn,
handed down a decision In which he holds
that a wife who has obtained an absolute
divorce from her husband, with alimony,
cannot enforce the payment of the ali
mony by his estate after his death.
The case under consideration by Jus
tice Smith and In which he made the rul
ing, was that of Annie E. Johns against
Henry W. Johns Jr.. Emily L. Johns and
Robert H. Martin as executors of Henry
W. Johns.
The latter, prior to his .death in IS!**,
was president of the Johns Manufactur
ing Company in New York, and was con
sidered wealthy. He married Annie E.
Johns, plaintiff in this action. In 1563. In
; 1882. she obtained a divorce from him. Mr.
Johns married again, and his former wife
was awarded $2400 a year alimony.
In 1898 Mrs. Johns sued the executors of
Mr. Johns' estate to compel them to set
aside a sum of money to secure payment
of alimony during her lifetime.
Counsel for Mrs. Johns, at the trial be
fore Justice Smith, cited the case of Go
lusha against Golusha, decided by the
General Term of the Supreme Court in
1887, in which it was held that the statu! .
as interpreted,, required the payment of
| alimony to the plaintiff after death.
Counsel In opposition cited the case of
Field against Field by the General Term
in ISSS. in which the- court held that ali
mony was an obligation resting upon the
husband and ending with his death.
Justice Simth is of the opinion that the
case of Field against Field la correct, and
i that alimony can only be obtained dur
| lng the husband's lifetime.
Destroyed a Chimney Without Tear-
ing It Down.
Here is a novel and economical
method of destroying a large brick
smokestack. The stack was 266 feet In
height and 21 feet In diameter, and its
removal was accomplished in the fol
lowing manner: The brick was removed
from one side at a height of about three
feet above the ground, and the opening
thus formed filled with built-up wooden
Mocks, between which were packed tar,
sawdust and paraffin. This material
was then set on fire, and caused the
chimney to crack and fall within a
space that had been previously marked
on the ground. Not only was the cost
much less than if the brick had been
torn down, but there was also reco-vered
much material In good condition tor
fiitiina iiao_STANDS BY
STATEMENT
DEWEY DID SAY
OUR NEXT WAR WILL
BE WITH GERMANY
Admiral Made the Assertion to
The Call-Herald Correspond
ent, and Does Not Deny It.
Special Dispatch to The Cell.
TRIESTE, July 30.— Admiral Dewey, when seen by a
representative of the Associated Press to-day regarding the
report of an interview published in a New York paper, in
the course of which the admiral is quoted as saying, "Our
next war will be with Germany." said: "I long ago gave
up denying or affirming newspaper reports."
Admiral Dewey remained on board the Olympia to
day, taking luncheon with Captain Lamberton, the com
mander of the cruiser, but afterward receiving United
States Consul Hossfeld.
NEW YORK. July 31.— The Herald
this morning publishes the following
editorial:
On Friday last Dr. Halstead Boyland,
a well-known physician, who sometimes,
when traveling, corresponds for the Her
ald in a dilettante way, sent the Herald
a dispatch from Trieste, which was pub
lished In our issue of last Saturday. It
gave a resume of a conversation which
Dr. Bpvland had with Admiral Dewey.
In this conversation the admiral spoke
with sailorlike candor, and expressed
opinions with regard to Germany that
have stirred up a commotion. It is per
haps regrettable that a friendly conversa
tion should have found Its way into print.
The admiral cannot regret it more than
the Herald does. Still, when this has
been recorded the fact remains that Ad
miral Dewey made the statements report
ed by Dr. Bovland; and even while depre
leatingI eating the publication of private opinions,
the hero of Manila is too frank and cour
ageous to trouble his head about what
the (Kaiser or the Kaiser's entourage may
think for the nut of the question is that
the German Emperor was rankly hostile
to the I'nited States during our war.
The Emperor's sentiments were not
those of atonic sympathy with another
monarchy. Th. were plainly, conslst
entlv inimical to the American republic.
Admiral Dewey expressed the full force
of the Kaiser's stubborn, dlvlne-righted
iv=s in Manila Bay, although he might
and probably would have preferred to
keep Ins opinion of the German potentate
te. himself. He has expressed it. and is
ready to stand by it. The I'nited States
has nn quarrel with the German nation.
There are no more loyal citizens ln this
republic than the contingent of German-
Americans, as they are wrongfully called.
for an American citizen is an American
citizen and nothing else. owes no al
legiance to any other state, no matter
where he may have been born.
No. the United States has no grievance
again=t the German people, but it has a
serious one against the German Emperor,
with his antiquated theories of hereditary
prerogatlves and military supremacy. The
sooner the Emperor learns that militarism
and peace nre Incompatible the better it
will be for him. • The sooner he appre
ciates that. whatever his views about re
publics in general may. be — and he would
be well advised in observing strictly a
neutral position so far as regards the
I'nited States— the less danger there will
be of his "divine right" receiving a severe
g up.
Admiral Dewey's expressed belief in the
Emperor's personally hostile attitude to
the I'nlted States luring our war with
NEW SCHOOL
TERM BEGINS
THIS MORNING
Six Weeks' Vacation
Is at an End.
— ♦ —
BIG ATTENDANCE EXPECTED
— • —
WEBSTER PUPILS ARE ALL
TAKEN CARE OF.
The Normal School Opens August 14.
The Faculty Appointments Will
Be Made This Evening at
Trustees' Meeting.
The public schools will be reopened this
morning after a vacation lasting six I
weeks, and for a few days confusion will !
reign supreme until the various classes
have been organized for the year's work, j
What with assignments and reassign- 1
ments of teachers, the transfer of pupils ;
from the primary grades to grammar and
from grammar grades to the High School,
It probably will be nearly a week before
school work will be taken up in earnest. j
The abolishing of the Webster School
will necessitate the distributing of eight- .
ten classes, comprising some four hun- |
dred scholars. Six classes will pro to j
Whittier. seven to Lincoln and five to |
Jefferson. These three schools have the!
nt-cessary vacant classrooms, and they
will be utilized for the purpose. Lincoln
School, which heretofore has received
boys only, will henceforth be devoted to |
both boys and girls. * <
It has not as yet been decided what |
will be done with the condemned Webster j
School. It may be demolished and the
site be given over ;o other purposes, cr
an additional story may be added and
the structure rented The Board of Edu
cation is desirous of making the property
income-producing. The proposition to ■
abolish the Le Conte School at North '
Beach, which came up at the last meet
ing of the heard, will depend entirely on
the attendance, but It is thought that the I
district is so thickly populated that It j
will be impossible to get along without
it An increased attendance in all the
schools is looked for by Superintendent
Webster and the abolishing of any more
schools is not likely to happen at least ;
tor the present. . !
The Normal School will open on August
14 It Fred Burke, who was recently
appointed president of the school, will j
appoint the other members of the faculty j
at a meeting of the San Francisco Nor- ,
mal School Trustees, to be held this even- ,
ing in Trustee Dinkelspiel's offlce In the i
Claus Spreckeis building. These appoint- I
ments must be ratified by the board. Dr.
Burke is a well known educator, and was i
for several years Superintendent of .
Schools at Santa Barbara. . r . •lJ , i
At the last joint meeting of the Normal ,
School Trustees held in Los Angeles It
was decided that to enter the Normal
School in this city it will be necessary for
the applicant to possess a high school i
certificate. This will be disappointing
news to many, as heretofore a grammar
school certificate was sufficient to admit. |
Spain strikes a cord in entire harmony
with that which was sounded throughout
this country when Dewey was facing the
Spanish enemy at Manila. Every act in
that brief drama told us that he was not
only facing an enemy, but was also lying
alongside the ships of a personally un
friendly sovereign. Our admiral with rare
good Judgment avoided a clash by wise
discretion, and no one who recalls what
was said in the American press at the
time, and was heard right and left upon
the streets, but realizes that Admiral
Dewey's opinion expressed to our corre
spondent at Trieste echoes the sentiment
of the whole American people.
WILL NOT BE MET
BY A SQUADRON
WASHINGTON, July 30.— Since Admiral
Dewey started from Manila \ for New
York it has been repeatedly suggested
that the North Atlantic squadron should
be sent out to meet him and escort him
to American waters. Secretary Long has
repeatedly denied that this would lee
done, and it is probable that the Olympla
will be allowed to come to New York un
attended.
TO BE ENTERTAINED
BY THE PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON, July 30.— President
McKinley will give a reception to Ad
miral Dewey at the White House when
the latter arrives in Washington. At
first he was in doubt whether a recep
tion or dinner would be more appropri
ate, but the former is likely to be de
cided on for the reason that it would
be more popular in character and j
would grant to a multitude of people
an opportunity to meet the naval hero
and shake hands with him.
Later on the expectation is that a,
dinner also will be given to the admiral
at the White House, and this, fed
lowing the usual custom, will be a
festivity of some elaboration. The
Vice President and Mrs. Hobart, mem
bers of the Cabinet and their wives and
some others will be invited. The ad
miral is expected to come to Washing
ton very soon after reaching New York.
THE JURY STILL OUT.
No Verdict Yet Reached in the Mm
nie Adams Case.
The jury In the case of Minnie Adams,
! charged with the murder o_ her infant
. son, John Wilson Grey, by forcing car
| bolic acid down his throat on March 13,
| had not reached an agreement at mid
night and were locked up for the night.
At 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon Judge
; Lawlor called the jury Into the court
room, whereupon the foreman said that '
; they stood eleven for conviction and one '
i for acquittal. They gave the court to
understand that they had stood eleven to
one for conviction since Saturday even
ing, and that the juror who refuses to
believe that the prisoner is other than in
nocent will not discuss the- points of the
; case with the majority, lb- simply re
; mains mute and refuses to give any]
reasons for the stand he has taken. At j
i 5 o'clock the jury was again called int.) ''
j court and again at 11 o'clock.
It looks as though after all the evidence j
| and all the days consumed in the trial
i the accused must be s*tried, and as Judge
Lawlor is about to take his vacation it
, will be several weeks at least before the ■
fate of the alleged poisoner will be finally
determined.
Just before being locked up for the !
i night the jury sent out for a transcript j
;of the testimony. Judge Lawlor will call ;
: them in at 10 o'clock this morning, and if !
j then they have not reached a verdict :
j they probably will be discharged.
HARBOR REPUBLICANS.
An Important Meeting of the New
Club to Be Held To-Night.
A grand rally and open meeting of the
Harbor Republican Club will be held this
, evening at Pastene's Hall, corner of
Davis and Washington streets. Congress
man Julius Kahn and I. J. Truman will
address the meeting. The club will es
tablish a permanent reading-room and
library on the water front for the ac
commodation and entertainment of its
members. ■ >• •
The following have been elected to pre
side over the destinies of the organiza
tion for the coming two years:
President, Henry B. Madison; first vice presi
dent. Captain J. F. Anderson; second vice
presidents, Captain J. H. Bennett, W. K. l.ar
zelere, il. S. Slmas, C. Llppl, "attain Adoiph
Bergman, Andrew Pastene; secretary, Frank
li. Robinson; assistant secretary. George Wal
lenrod: treasurer, Henry Peterson; executive
committee — W. G. l^nle (chairman), Lorentz
Foard, H. P. Wilson. C. H. 3. Pratt. W. J.
Brady: grants at arms, George Stokes, Wil
liam McrCarty.
Mobbed the Special Officer.
While Special Officer Riordan was eject
ing a soldier named Joseph Gilmore from
the Thalia Theater last night a mob of
several hundred people gathered and
threatened the officer with violence. Rior
dan, it is alleged, had clubbed the sol
dier on the head, cutting a deep gash,
and cries of "Lynch him were freely ut
tered.
' Officers Hayden and O'Keefe appeared
upon the scene and saved Riordan ire em
Injury, although not before he was hit
on the nose and kicked in the stomach.
Riordan claims that he had put Ollmore
out of the dive at least six times. Gilmore,
who Is one of the "casuals" at the Pre
sidio', was taken to the central station
in the patrol wagon and a charge of bat
tery was placed against him.
Souvenirs at the Columbia.
The fiftieth performance of the Henry ;
Miller season at the Columbia Theater 1
will take place this evening, and arrange
ments have been made to make it a sou- '
venir event. "Heartsease" is to be given
to-night, and every lady in attendance
will be presented with a handsome and
suitable souvenir. But three weeks re- :
main of the Miller season. "Heartsease" '
will be repeated on Tuesday and Wednes- j
day nights and at a special matinee on ,
Wednesday. "Hamlet" will be revived on i
a very fine scale, beginning with Thurs- .
day night. ■*-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, _ 1899.
GENERAL AXLINE WANTS
MARTIAL LAW DECLARED
TWO POLICEMEN ARE RESCUED BY A PRIEST.
A conflict between police and riotous strikers raged before the Bohemian Catholic Church in Cleveland. The yells
of the mob, who had seized and were trying to kill two policemen, Profant and Moore, interrupted the services. The
priest. Rev. Wenceslas A. Parauska. clad in his robes, tall, a commanding figure, left the church and made his way
through the crowd of 2500 angry men to the policemen, who were sore beset. '
"In the nam*' of the church. I defy any man to touch these men!" shouted the priest, stretching his arms across
the shoulders of the two policemen. The rioters hesitated, again advanced. The priest firmly faced them; they fell
back, and he led the men he had saved Into his church. They had been so seriously Injured they will be In the hospital
for a fortnight. . . ■•*'.??. '.
CLEVELAND, July 30.— Notwith- i
standing the fact that big crowds
were upon the streets to-day I
there were no outbreaks of vio
lence, and apparently very lit
tle attention was paid to the Big Con
solidated cars, which ran on all lines
on schedule time. On the South Side
and out Broadway to Newburg, the
cars were run practically empty, but |
PAY TRAIN AND
FLIER COLLIDE
Rail Disaster at Los
Angeles.
— ♦ —
HEAD-ON CRASH OF ENGINES
s,
TWO MEN ARE INJURED IN
JUMPING.
•
Passengers .on the Santa Monica
Train Receive a Severe Shak
ing, but None Are Seri
ously Hurt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 30.— A head-on
collision occurred on the Southern Pa
cific road at Clement Junction inside
the city limits this afternoon between
the Santa Monica "Flier" and the pay
train, running as an extra. No one
was killed, but Engineer Edward Whit
ney and Fireman William Courtney of
the "Flier" were both severely injured
in jumping. Whitney's shoulder was
dislocated and Courtney's leg broken.
There were but three passengers on
the "Flier" and they were shaken, but
not injured. No one on the pay train
was injured. Both engines were
wreck. The crew of the "Flier" say
they were not aware of the approach
of the pay train. .
THE SMELTER STRIKE.
State Board of Arbitration Arrives at
a Decision.
DENVER. July 30.— The State Board of
Arbitration has reached a decision on the
smelter strike. Just what this decision
is will not be given publicity until some !
time to-morrow.
An effort to get some inkling of what
the result of the Investigations have led
the board to decide upon in Its recom- !
mendations for a settlement of the pre
vailing difficulties between, the smelter
men and their employes was unavailing
to-night, and the announcement was made
that no information would be given out
until an official report had been made to
the Secretary of State to-morrow. Con
ditions at the smelters' yards are un
changed. . •
BROKERS UNDER THE BAN.
Six of Them Suffer for Cutting Com
missions.
COLORADO SPRINGS, July 30.-The
Colorado Springs Mining Stock Associa
tion has inaugurated a crusade against
brokers who cut commissions on the ex
change.
At a meeting of the board of governors
held last evening, J. K. Miller. N. Leip
heimer, E. C. 1* reyschlag, Albert Wright,
F. B. White. A. G. Holland and W. W.
Price were called before the board and
rigidly questioned as to their transac
tions. Six of the brokers were either ex
pelled or heavily fined.
Pioneer Woman Passes Away.
MARYSVILLE, July Mrs. .wary
Kerrigan, a pioneer resident of Sutter
County, died at her home, seven miles
south of Yuba City," this evening of
.Bright's disease.
the East Side lines, especially those
running to the parks, were well pat
ronized.
Adjutant General Axline, speaking of
the fear of the people to ride on the
cars in certain sections of. the city at
night. Bald to-day: "This state of af
fairs is likely to continue for several
weeks or months unless a settlement
Is reached. The only way to put a stop
FRIENDS COME TO
McNAUGHTON'S AID
Investigation Will Begin
To-Day.
— ♦ —
DEFENSE OF THE ACCUSED
— « —
WILL PRODUCE CERTIFICATES
OF CHARACTER.
- -*■ - -
Discredited Principal of the San Jose
Normal School to Make a Final
Attempt to Clear
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— Professor James j
McNaughton, recently elected princi- '
pal of the State Normal Schaal, has
much voluminous evidence, consisting j
of letters and exhibits, that he will
offer in his defense at the investigation
of his morals and character before the !
board of trustees to-morrow morning.
He will be represented by Attorney J. I
R. Patton. An attempt will be made
to disprove the charges made against
him while Superintendent of Schools at
Council Bluffs. Charges that he was j
Incompetent and Immoral and that he ;
loaned money at an exorbitant rate of
interest to men and women of the town
were made at that time. Documents
will be produced to prove these untrue, ;
and it is claimed that George Metcalf,
E. E. Aylesworth, G. A. Holmes, W. H.
McCrany and D. B. Dalley, who pre
ferred the charges, have since made re
tractions.
Resolutions passed by the board of
the State Normal School at Mayville,
N. D.. expressing confidence in the abil
ity, integrity and character of Dr. Mc-
Naughton, and stating that after a full
investigation it is convinced the |
charges preferred against him at Coun
cil Bluffs were malicious and without
foundation, are* another exhibit to be i
introduced.
The pastors of eight churches at
Council Bluffs attest to his good char
acter, while the Ministerial Union of j
Tempe, Arizona, has rushed to Mc- |
Naughton's aid. Letters of recom- j
mendation will be Introduced from j
prominent educators and business men i
in Arizona, lowa and North Dakota.
McNaughton has left nothing undone
to put up a strong case and this cvi- '
dence has been collected during nine '
years.
The alumni investigating committee
also has been active. There is a de- j
termination on the part of the trustees ,
to keep McNaughton, and in case this i
is done there is talk that the student j
body of the school will strike.
The investigation will be public.
Doyle Will Be Released.
COLORDO SPRINGS, July 30.— The
effect of Judge Thornhill's decision in the
lowa court will result In the release of
James Doyle, El Paso County's million
aire prisoner. James Burns will comply
with the conditions Imposed upon him by
the court and Doyle may go free to
morrow.
to it is to declare martial law."
The only exciting Incident on the
South Side was the holdup of an Ice
cream wagon by a crowd of soldiers,
Who took from It a four- gallon freezer.
They offered money for the cream, but
the driver refused to accept money,
saying he could not sell it. The sol
diers say they ordered the cream sev
eral days ago and the dealer promised
to deliver it. but did not do so, probably
because of the boycott.
COUNTRY MANSION
RAZED BY FLAMES
Fire Visits Beautiful
Edenvale.
—4) —
DEFECTIVE FLUE THE CAUSE
—4)
MRS. HAYES-CHYNOWETH LOSES
HER DWELLING.
. 4 .
Situated in the Center of a Pretty
Park, It Was One of the Most -
i Magnificent of Califor
nia Homes.
Special Dispatch to The* Call.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— The palatial resi
! dence of Mrs. Mary Hayea-Chynoweth,
located at Edenvale. six miles south of
j this city, was entirely destroyed by fire
! shortly after 3 o'clock this afternoon.
The origin Is unknown, but it is thoug..,.
j to have been due to a defect ln a flue.
The residence and furniture cost 1173,000
! and were insured for $75,000. The mansion
i was commenced in 1888 and completed In
1891} and was one of the most elaborate
country homes in the State. It was lo
cated iri the midst of a beautiful thirty
acre park surrounded by 210 acres of
fertile fields.
Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth and her two
I sons, E. A. and J. O. Hayes, who occu
pied the residence, have been away at
j tending to their iron mines at Ashland,
■ Mich., for several months, and only a
: few members of the family and a corps
! of attendants were at home when the fire
started.
j An appeal was sent to San Jose for a fire
] engine, but it was deemed Impracticable
to send it so far. Little furniture was
i saved.
WOMAN WINS RICHES
IN THE KLONDIKE LAND
Takes in Washing Until She Obtains
Money Enough to Buy a
Claim.
SEATTLE, July Two steamers, the
; Al Xl and City. of Seattle, reached port
! to-day from Skaguay. with several hun
j dred Klondlkers and about $200,000 in gold
! dust. Most of the Dawson contingent
I left there on July 17 or 18. E. W. Kenney
.of Los Angeles Is one of the number.
j Shortly before he left he sold a quarter
! Interest in No. 17 Hunker and a half in
! terest in No. 7 Hunker. He says that just
I before he came out he saw a $68 nugget
taken from No. 17 Hunker.
The richest of the party returning to
day are John N. Home and his wife.
Mrs. Home proudly claims to have gotten
i a start for her husband and herself, by
i doing washing at Forty Mile. Later they
I made a good strike on Hunker and
Bonanza.
W G. Jenkins of Seattle, a- fireman,
brought out $40,000 from No. 33 El Dorado.
Finance Committee Adjourns.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The Senate
Republican Finance Committee, which
has been in session for some time at Nar
ragansett Pier, R. 1., has completed its
work for the present and adjourned sub
ject to the call of Chairman Aldrich. Each
member is to do some Individual work
along certain specified lines, and this is
to be submitted to the full committee
when It meets again In the fall. to com
plete a report. ;■ . ..
STANFORD MEN
HELD AS SPIES
BY BRAZILIANS
Members of the Branner Scien
tific Party Detained Twelve
Days at Pernambuco.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July
30. The scientific expedition that
left Stanford University last May,
under the direction of Professor
John C. Branner, to explore the
coral reefs along the eastern coast of
Brazil, was met and delayed for a
time by unexpected obstacles in its
way by the Brazilians. Upon the ar
rival of the scientists in Pernambuco,
Brazil, they had difficulty in getting
their outfit through the custom house,
and for two weeks after their arrival,
they were kept under close surveillance
by the authorities, who mistook them for
Government spies of the United States.
They were in constant danger from
violence from the natives, who regard
ed them with open hatred.
The story of their trouble is told in
letters recently received from C. E. Gil
man, a member of the party, who
writes under date of June 14:
To-day we start on our cruise among
the reefs and Islands. We could not start
before because we were held here a week
as Government spies. This Government
got the Idea that we came to find a suit
able landing for American men-of-war.
It has been quite exciting for the last
week. They finally allowed us to tele
graph, which we did, to Rio de Janeiro,
and Mr. Bryan, the American Minister
there, finally persuaded the President to
let us go. So this morning we start after
a week of polite guardianship by the offi
cials and menacing threats by the dagos
who make up this city.
Further details in regard to their de
tention and its causes are given in a
letter of date June 20:
Must tell you about the trouble we had
In getting away from Pernambuco. About
two months ago the United States ship
Wilmington ascended the Amazon Rlvjr.
She asked for permission, but as the
Brazilian Government took no notice of
it she went up without it. This caused
this nation great excitement. It had been
Insulted and wanted revenge. Then the
Montgomery came here and photographed
an old Dutch fort. This same fort is rot
ten and of no earthly use and had to bor
row powder of our ship and mount an oid
gun to return our salute. Brazil imme
diately declared that the United States
was mapping Its coast, photographing its
defenses and then would make war upon
them.
About a week after this we landed at
Pernambucco. The customs officials seiz
ed on our arms and collecting outfits,
cameras compasses, etc. For twelve days
we were held as Government spies, and
it took the Consul, the American Minister
at Rio de Janeiro, the President and the
Cabinet to get our stuff safely on board
the ship. How the people hate us! They
are always trying to scare us by draw
ing their knives.
Letters from other members of the
party tell the same story with addi
tional Information that what Brazil
feared was that the United States and
Bolivia had entered into an agreement
to appropriate a portion of Brazilian
territory, and that the Branner party
was there to select suitable landing
places for troops. This rumor gained
wide circulation and belief and inter
NATIONALIST MEETING
ENDS IN A RIOT
Soldiers Called Out to Quell a Dis
turbance Between Dreyfusites
and Anti-Dreyfusites.
NEW YORK, July 30.— A Sun cable
from Rennes says: Several arrests were
made on the streets here to-day. aris
ing from a conflict between Dreyfus
ites and Nationalists, who were march
ing toward the lodgings of M. Labori,
one of Dreyfus' counsel. The police
prevented the intended demonstration.
The prisoners were released later.
The curiosity of sightseers who
throng to watch Mme. Dreyfus as she
goes to the prison, has become so un
bearable that she now drives to the
prison in a closed carriage.
PARIS, July 30.— Deroulede, M — eel
Ha bert and Millevoye to-day addressed
a Nationalist meeting at Mende. de
partment of Lozere. They were Inter
rupted by opponents and the disorder
finally led to fighting. Gendarmes fail
ed to restore order and eventually a
battalion of infantry was summoned.
Deroulede's speech was on the old
familiar lines. He denounced the treat
ment of Generals Pellieux and De
Negrier, and declared that a parlia
mentary republic was not a free gov
ernment. He said that the republic was
responsible for all the evils of the last
quarter of a century.
The Matin announces that there is no
case against Colonel dv Paty de Clam,
and this announcement has since been
confirmed by M. Menord, Colonel dv
Patv de Clam's counsel.
The Steele says that Maitre Demange
and Maitre Laborio, counsel for Cap
tain Dreyfus, will demand that M.
Quesnay de Beaurepaire, ex-president
of the criminal chamber of the Court
of Cassation, produce the names of the
persons from whom he received the al
leged Information establishing the guilt
of Captain Dreyfus.
_ « ;
FNGINE CRASHES INTO
A FREIGHT CABOOSE
Two Men Lose Their Lives and An
other Is Seriously Injured at
Dennison.
WINSLOW. Ariz.. .July 30.— A light en
gine in charge of Engineer McLeod and
Fireman Goldsworthy, ran into the rear
end of- freight No. 34 at Dennison. a side- j
track a few miles west of here, before,
daylight this morning. Brakeman Con
stable of the freight train, who was in \
his caboose, was killed and Conductor ML
H Frame seriously injured. Engineer
McLeod was fatally injured and died a
few hours later. Fireman Goldsworthy
escaped by Jumping. This is the second
fatal rear-end collision on this division
within the last few days.
FIRE DESTROYS FRUIT.
Burning of a Warehouse Causes
Heavy Loss at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. July 30.— A fire that caused
a loss of about $40,000 in fruit, ware
houses and dried prunes broke out at 3:15
o'clock this morning near the brozjd-gauge
depot In this city. The building in which
the fire started was the warehouse of J.
B. Inderrelden & Co. of Chicago. The
structure was destroyed, together with
about forty carloads of prunes, the loss
being $30,000: insured for $25,000. The heat
melted the corrugated iron warehouse ad
joining, belonging to Lee Brothers. This
building was empty, the loss being about
$3000; insured for $2000. Freight cars val
ued at $8000 that could not be moved on
account of the rapid anu hot fire were
burned. The origin of the fire is un
known.
Crisis Is Over.
CAPE TOWN. July 30.— The newspapers
here hall with delight the assurance of
unanimity in the imperial Parliament,
which they consider as presaging an ef
fective settlement of the -crisis.
Urges Reduction of Royalty.
OTTAWA, Ont.. July 30.— 1n the House
of Commons yesterday .air Cnarles Tup
per spoke strongly in favor of a reduc
national complications seemed immi
ment. The rumor was officially denied,
but the Brazilians did not believe it,
claiming that certain denials of the
United. States in the late war. with
Spain were not true, and asserting that
this was another case of unfaithful
ness. Vigorous action on the part of
the American Minister at Rio de Jan
iero finally obtained for them permis
sion to continue their scientific work.
After the delays were overcome, the
work of mapping and studying the
coral reefs progressed steadily and suc
cessfully and that on the reefs from
Pernambuco northward to Cape St.
Rogue, has been completed.
The members of the party are in the
best of health. There is some talk of
their returning to the United States by
way of Cape Horn and the Pacific, and
they expect to be back at Stanford
about the middle of September. .
Besides having been detained as
spies, the party has met with a num
ber of exciting adventures and has had
a variety of narrow escapes. When
its ship crossed the equator on its way
south, according to ancient custom.
Neptune was to come aboard and initi
ate those who had never crossed the
line before. The six Stanford men.
however, did not relish the idea of mak
ing the close acquaintance of his
Oceanic Majesty, and when he put in
his appearance the six joined hands,
and, giving the Stanford yell, rushed
Neptune and his bodyguard. The old
fellow had never before stood up be
fore a football line and his party broke
and fled. The Stanford men were then
granted their diplomas without under
going the usual humiliations.
Some of* their observations on Brazil
ian life and customs are Interesting.
Pernambuco is exactly the same slow
old town it was twenty-five years ago.
Some of the English residents are try
ing to introduce the bicycle, but the
natives look at it with fear and hatred.
Recently a young Englishman was
knifed while riding in a secluded, back
street, where the natives were not used
to the "Infernal machine."
One curious custom is that of firlnjr
off a number of great bombs each
morning from the cathedral plaza to
awaken the particular saints to whom
the day is dedicated.
While in Pernambuco the scientists
were in the midst of a lively fight be
tween the local police and the soldiers
who were stationed at the theater to
keep order. The leading lady, it seems,
gave more of her smiles to one party
than to the other, and the jealous party
pitched into the others and soon the air
was cleft by machetes and the palms
of the plaza were riddled with bullets.
The Americans speedily got out of
harm's way.
The party intended to make an ex
tensive collection of natural history
specimens for the museum, but has
been prevented thus far because it can
not use firearms, not even pistols, with
out running the danger of attracting
the natives, who on the least provoca
tion would take great pleasure In knif
' ing the Americans.
tion of the royalty on the gold output In
the Yukon. Clifford Sifton, Minister of
the Interior, in reply said that while the
royalty was not permanently fixed he
could "not yet consent to any reduction
from the 10 per cent now collected.
SAYS TRIPP HASTENED
CHAMBERS' DEPARTURE
Cologne Gazette Declares the Chief
Justice Was Forced to Leave
Samoa.
LONDON. July 31.— The Times Berlin
■ correspondent says: The Cologne Ga
i zette publishes a dispatch from Apia,
i dated July 14, saying that Chief Justice
Chambers, instigated and supported by
English influences, attempted to postpone
; his departure until Bartlett Tripp, the
i American member of the Samoan com
mission, threatened to employ force
! against him. The correspondent adds:
"The Gazette violently attacks Mr.
Eliot (the British member of the com
mission) for 'intriguing.' which is a silly
I slander It would be incapable of dealing
j with other than the Samoan question."
ARBITRATION FAVORED.
Resolution Adopted by Christian
Temperance Women.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. July 30.— At th*
closing session of the California Women's
Christian Temperance Union Summer
School of Methods a resolution was pre
sented by Mrs. D. J. Spencer of San Josa,
corresponding secretary of the Stat,- or
ganization, and unanimously adopted, ex
pressing sympathy with the efforts of the
delegates to the Peace Conference; in
dorsing the principles of peace and arbi
tration, and declaring It to be the duty
ed" intelligent Christian women to pro
mote the reign of the Prince of Peace
upon the earth by doing their utmost to
educate the rising generation in the prin
ciples of arbitration and peace.
The closing exercises of the convention
were held to-day In the Methodist Epis
copal church. Mrs. E. Norlne Law, na
tional organizer of the American
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
delivered the annual sermon at 11 a. m..
speaking of the work that has been done
as well as that to be done by the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union. The even
ing service consisted of a sacred concert,
an excellent programme being rendered.
Most of the delegates will leave to-mor
row.
May Go to Manila.
LIMA, Peru. July 30.— The United States
cruiser Newark will, it is announced,
probably remain at Callao for a fortnight
and then proceed to San Francisco to re
ceive Admiral Kautz. Afterward she will
proceed to Honolulu, and, according to
some rumors, may go to Manila. _
STOP DRUGGING
If you have drugged till you are s lck of
drugging and it has failed to bring bene-
fit, stop it. Try Eiectrkitv, which is a
natural cure. My system of electrical
treatment is ihe outgrowth of twenty
years of study, ir is a success. Th*
Dr. McLaughlin Method
Is recognized by physi.ians as the most
common-sense method of applying Elec-
tricity. You wear my Belt while you
sleep. You feel it curing, Dutit dors not
disturb your rrst.
Call and test it free, or rend' for my new
booklet describing the method.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F.: *
Burdlck Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts.. Los Angelea.
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m-|
Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD Ul
©RUG STORES-
34
GOMEZ MAY BE
PRESIDENT OF
SAN DOMINGO
He Is a Military Man, but
Would Be Acceptable
to All Parties.
SITDATI-ON - CRITICAL
— —
Assassins Make an Attempt to
Seize the Body of the Late
President Heureaux.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July 30.— A |
private cable dispatch received here by
way of Cape Haytien reports that the
revolution in San Domingo is pro
gressing favorably. The dispatch says
that the real reason for the detention
of President Heureaux's body at Santi
ago was that the country between San
tiago and Porto Plata is occupied by
the Insurgents, who, abandoning their
plan of occupying Moca as a base of
operations, are concentrating to attack
Porto Plata, which is feebly garri
soned.
Great excitement prevails owing to
the fact that the Government has not
been able to ascertain the extent of
the ramifications of the revolution,
"which is growing demoralized through
the death of the President.
In the event of the revolution suc
ceeding, according to the private cable
gram it is probable that Jiminez and
Jltones. the reputed leaders of the revo
lution, will agree to retire, offering the
Presidency to Maximo Gomez, who
would prove acceptable to all parties.
A deputation, it is reported, is going
to Cuba to confer with General Gomez.
PUERTA PLATA, San Domingo. July
30. — The situation is critical. An out
break is momentarily expected. The
friends of the Government are under
arms and ready (or action to protect
property and peace. A feeble attempt
was made to seize the body of Presi
dent Heureaux by the assassins, Ramon
Caceres, Manuel Caceres, Horacio Vas
quez and Domingo Pichardo, who are
in the country about Moca. with their
Mowers.
The burial of President Heureaux
was conducted with fitting honors. Gov
ernor Pepin has assembled troops in I
Moca and the Governor of La Vegareal
has 1000 men. The Minister of the ;
Treasury has arrived at Moca in hot
haste. The Government is taking steps
for the protection of the business and
the finances of the country and expects
to earrv out the contemplated cancella- I
tion of the State bank notes. In Puerta {
Plata there is an urgent demand that i
the Government send a sufficient force i
to Moca to hunt down the assassins of !
the President.
AMERICAN PROPERTY
IS IN JEOPARDY
ASBURY PARK. N. J.. July 30.— J
John S. Durham, a former Minister to
Hayti and Charge Affaires at San !
Dominie., when seen at his home last j
night said:
"It is a moment in the affairs of San :
Domingo when the United States must !
act with great tact in treating with
the educated leaders in their efforts to
establish an orderly government. Any
thing looking like interference with !
self-government on the part of the !
I'nited States, however, would be bit- :
terly resented.
"President Heureaux was a man |
without any school training:. He was a
cattle driver at 16, commanded a regi- !
ment of infantry at 20 and became gen
eral of the army ten years later. He j
seized the Presidency by force of his
personality. His administration was
an exclusively military dictatorship.
"The grave question now is whether j
the masses will permit a wise man, I
with no military training, to correct j
the evils that have arisen under the
administration or whether we must
have a state of anarchy, in which mil
lions of American capital will be i x
posed to bands of marauders until an
other military dictator seizes control.
"Hugh Kelly of New York has sent
to Secretary Hr--". at Washington, a !
list of the American enterprises and
concessions placed In jeopardy. The
total capital of the twelve American
companies amounts to 110,450,000. Hu
man rights and human life are now
h'-ld very lightly. In the event of an !
uprising, every material interest will :
suffer.
"American capitalists are anxious for!
the United Slates Government to move
at once, before the German or Italian
Governments act In the matter. Gen- j
eral Heureaux believed that his coun
try was v mately to fall into the
hands of the United States."
EAGAN EXPECTS TO
BE REINSTATED
Thinks McKinley Will Revoke His •
Sentence Within a Very Few <
Weeks. j
NEW FORK, July 30.— The World to
morrow will say: J. J. Lagan, a wealthy !
sugar merchant of Honolulu, is In the j
city. According to Mr. Lagan. ex-Commis
sary General Eagan of the United States !
army, who is visum-*- his son in the Ha
wallah;lslands; expects to have his sen
tence of suspension revoked by President
McKinley within the next few weeks and
to turn to the head of the Commissary •
Department. /-"T - l ' ,
"I saw Genera] Lagan a few days before
I left Honolulu." said Mr. Eagan. "He was
In the best of health, and gave his friends
to understand that his suspension is only
temporary, and that he expected to be re
called to the United States at any min
ute." ■"•-", *',":'■■
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears' soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
BODY FOUND IN THE
RUINS OF A CABIN
Evidence of Probable Murder
in Easterr) San Diego
County.
• SAN DIEGO. July 30.— From Lee Valley, th'-ty-five miles east of this <
® city, news was received to-day that on Friday afternoon the charred re- «
_ mains of Jacob J. Veitinger, an old German, were found in the ruins i
iZ of his cabin, and there are reasons to believe that fire was used as a «
<-> means of concealing murder. Veitinger, who was a veteran of the j
Q e.ar of the Rebellion, having served on the old gunboat Philadelphia, ,
i! lived alone in his little cabin and not much was known of him. ' j
-*-*> The cabin was burned early Friday morning, but the body was .
** found some time later. It was too much charred to enable an exam- .
?. ination to disclose whether wounds or fire were the cause of death, but :
rt it was learned that just before the fire one Rosario, a drunken In- i
iS dlan had been seen around the place, an, since the fire he has dis- .
<> appeared. Another circumstance that points to foul play is the fact that i
£ of two shotguns which the old man possessed only one was found in the i
« ruins, the new one being missing. Officers are looking for Rosario and .
8 the affair will be further investigated. ;
•c-\o%-\o\- •.**••. o •* a °. -ov:- v:- vx«%o vwow ♦* o •; o \ o ss *»»m8&88 <
ITALY'S UKASE
TO THE PLANTERS
Terms on Which Labor
ers Will Be Shipped.
— ♦ —
IS CONSIDERED PROHIBITIVE
— > —
SUCCESS OF THE CO-OPERATIVE
SYSTEM.
-»
Hawaii Threatened With a Financial
Crisis Owing to Over-Specu
lation in Shaky-
Stocks.
HONOLULU. July 23.— The Italian Gov- j
ernment has apparently take a stand j
which, according to the Planters' Asso- j
ciation, will probably put a stop upon the
endeavors to procure Italian labor for the |
' sugar plantations.
The Government practically demands
j the following arrangements:
A bonus of $100 to be paid to the family
of each laborer in the case of disable
ment during contract, or, if the contract
is fulfilled, then at the end of the con
tract.
Half pay during sickness.
A dollar a month extra wages to the
head of the family for each child under j
working age.
A garden lot for each family. ■
Boys from 12 to 15 to receive employ
ment at 2."> cents a day.
Two pay days a month.
A fully accredited agent to act for the j
planters, In addition to the two now ac- j
credited to the Government.
The Italian Government, if these terms j
are agreed to. will permit a trial ship
ment of 250 laborers; but the planters
say they cannot accept th.' second condi
tion, requiring half pay during sickness.
And again, according to our school laws,
children must attend school until 15 years
old. This ultimatum is a surprise to the j
planters, and they feel Inclined to aban
don the proposition.
That plantations can be successfully
conducted on the profit-sharing business,
even with Portuguese; Chinese and Jap- j
anese as the principal participants, and j
without any contract laborers, is already
shown by the success, among others, of
the Koua Sugar Company on Hawaii. ]
Here some 300 men are cultivating the cane |
for the mill on shares. The system is
simple enough, and insures profit to the
mill and a good remuneration, in com
parison with contract labor, to the labor
ers or partners. The lands are rented on
a profit-sharing system; the mill fur
nishes the land, seed can.', plows, teams
and Implements, and makes advances, if
necessary, for food, etc.
The mill then makes and cells the sugar
and divides the profits after deducting
advances with interest at a rate of from
7 to 9 per cent and the oust of manufac
ture. The agreements between the' parties
are' generally made for five years, but :
vary in duration. White men have joined
; in the work and they receive five-eighths
'. of the profits, leaving the rest to the mill;
There is great diversity of opinion as to
the feasibility of this plan being generally
I adopted for large plantations and with
| purely American or white labor, as there
! are many who hold that the only solution
| to the labor problem is higher wages and
better accommodation and treatment.
The labor question, however, is an old
i one rind will drift as it is until the Amer- :
| ican form of government is fully estab- j
1 lished, when the necessity of the case will
| develop a remedy. A problem, however, '
of far more importance has arisen In.
connection with the development of the
plantations and especially the new ones.
j A very conservative financier says i .at
I within the next eighteen months th3re
must be found no less than $8,500,000 for
assessments on companies already in t..e I
market, without taking into consideration
those only projected. This week there has
been quite a slump even in gilt-edged
stocks, for the poorer classes of investors
\ have over Invested and have had to re
alize on some to save the rest. Planters
are, in fact, living on one another with j
a cannibalistic mania, and the weakest i
go t.i the wall.
Fnless the capitalists can bring in a con- j
siderable amount of foreign money there
will be a crisis before long which will aid
the very rich, but crush a large number
of the poorer and foolish investors who
would not listen to conservative advice.
I The financial atmosphere will be purified
at a terrible cost, but the lesson will be
I thrown away in the rush for sudden
wealth.
STILL SAYS THE YOUTH
ARE OVEREDUCATED
Huntington Explains His San Fran- ;
cisco Speech to the Industrial
Commission.
CHICAGO, July 30.- A special to the
Chronicle from Greenville, Term., says:
* Collis P. Huntington has written a letter
to Judge V. AY. Grubbs. chairman of the;
State committee of the Industrial Com
mission, explaining bis recent speech at
San Francisco, wherein he said the youth
of the country were being overeeducated.
Mr. Huntington says that education Is
not armful in Itself, but the generality
of young men spend too many of perhaps
the most valuable years of their life In the
schoolroom. . The mass of boys, he de
clares, by carrying their education be
yond the point required to enable them
les, carrying their details busi
i the point required to enable th"m
ope with the pracUcal details e.f busl
ness gain a positive distaste for labor
that does not come under tho head "gen
teel," and as a result young men are
crowding into poorly paid places, where
they <]<» not have to soil their hands or do
manual labor, and good chances for pro
motion go begging In many cases.
This condition of things, he says, is cu
rious, and must be explained before the
present system of educating young men in
this country can be called successful.
General Carpenter Home.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on the steam
er Olinda from Cuban ports were General
L,. 11. Carpenter and staff, Lieutenant
John W. Craig, F. L. Parker and J. P.
Donaldson; Captain Lander Craven, who
has been assigned to the Thirty-second
Infantry, now recruiting; A. H. Aguirro,
Mayor of Puerto Principe, and State Sen
ator Peter Parke of Micnigan.
Death of a Stake Colt.
CHICAGO. July 30.— The 2-year-old bay
colt Joe Slmall. by Imp. Likely, died at
Harlem to-day. of lockjaw. - He was
entered In all the big stakes and derbies
for next year and was being saved for
them. May & Son say $10,000 could not
have bought him.
THE SAN FK AX CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1899.
EXPLORED THE
WILDS OF ALASKA
Harriman Expedition
Back in Seattle.
— ♦ —
IMPORTANT DISCOVERIES
— ♦ —
A THOROUGH STUDY OF PRINCE
WILLIAM SOUND.
♦
Splendid Collection of Rare Birds and
Mammals Made New Glacier
and Fjord Named After
Harriman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July SO. — The Harriman ■
Alaska expedition returned here to-day
on the steamer George W. Elder. The
expedition, both from a scientific and
pleasure point of view, was an entire suc
cess. A journey of over 9000 miles was
made. The party left Seattle May 31. It
sailed northward through the- inside chan
nel, stopping at Victoria, Wrangel and
Juneau, reaching Skaguay June 6. From j
here the members of the expedition went j
over the White Pass to the headwaters of |
the Yukon. Returning to Skaguay, they i
sailed for Glacier Bay, where several j
days were spent studying the glaciers and
making collections. Sitka was visited the
next day. 'i iiree days were spent examin
ing the old town, climbing some of the
neighboring mountains and making col
lections. From there the party steamed to
Yakutat Hay. going to the extreme hheatd t
of the bay and examining and mapping .
the glaciers about it. Several days were '
devoted to an exploration of the little
known Prince William Sound, whose deep j
fjords and mighty glaciers have never be- i
fore been seen. ••
After the completion of its worktherethe |
party proceeded to Cook Inlet, and later, '
on its way westward, a party of scien
tists was left on the Alaskan Peninsula at
Kukak Bay, North Kadiak Island, to
make collections on that peninsula, which
up to that time had never been visited by !
naturalists. Kadiak and Wood islands
were then visited. The Fourth of July
was celebrated while the steamer was in
the" harbor of Kadiak.
From there the route was westward via
the Shumagln Islands, where a party of
naturalists was lett until the return of the
vessel. Passing through Unimak Pass into
Bering Sea to Unalaska, they visited the
Pribilof Islands by way of Bogoslof vol- I
cano, and then into Plover Bay, in Si- I
beria. From Plover Bay the party crossed ;
to Port Clarence', on American soil, and
from there went to St. Lawrence Island,
on the way steaming around King Island
and later visiting hall and St, Matthew
islands; returning to Seattle over much
the same route followed on the journey
northward.
During almost the entire trip line
weather was enjoyed. There was not a
single storm, und comparatively little
rain or fog. The health of the party was j
good throughout.
Large collections were made in verte
brate and invertebrate zoology, and in j
botany, geology and ethnology. Many
birds ana mammals hitherto rare were
found in considerable numbers, and it is
altogether probable that many new Inver
tebrates are included among the collec
tions made. j
The geographical results of the expedi
tion are considerable and important. Sew j
waters were entered and explored and j
many new glaciers discovered, studied
and mapped. An extensive fjord hitherto j
; unknown and a splendid glacier run- ■
j nlng into it at its head were named
! by the geographers of the expedition utter
Mr. Harriman. The geologists had many
opportunities of studying the rocks and
' of investigating the action of glaciers. J
It was found that most of the glaciers .
■ which have hitherto been known and ex- |
plored are retreating. j
Little hunting was done, for the time
was chiefly devoted to the gathering of
scientific, material. Moreover, the game
at this season of the year is usually found
back from the coast. i
From Siberia and also at Port Clarence j
the Eskimo were found in their primitive
condition, living in huts made from the j
hemes of whales and covered with skins, i
and traveling ln boats of skin. At Port j
Clarence 'a great number of them had ,
• gathered to meet the whalers which were
lying there awaiting the arrival of the
supply ship, then overdue. Several of the
whalers had already provided themselves
; with natives and dogs for their long j
I cruise into the Arctic. ;
'1 be expedition visited all points as orig
! Inally planned, and in addition made the '■
, trip through Bering Sea to Siberia, and
was in all respect^ successful. Several
| thousand photographs were taken, and
these will be a revelation of magnificent
scenery even to those who have seen the !
better known portions of Alaska. With
unusual good fortune unobstructed views ;
j were had of both St. Ellas and Fair
weather ranges.
The study of collections brought back j
i will occupy not only the specialists of the I
expedition for a long time but many oth- j
ers throughout the country, and the re- j
j sults are certain to he of great scientific 1
' interest.
Much of the success of the expedition
, is attributed to the excellence and equip
; ment of the steamer Elder, .and A. L.
Mohler, president of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, is given great
j credit therefor. Countesies from the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company, the White
Pass Railroad Company and the repre
sentatives of large commercial companies
| In Alaska are acknowledged.
CLARK NAMES BRYAN
AS NEXT PRESIDENT
Says No Power on Earth Can Stop
His Nomination and
Election.
JACKSON, Miss.. July SO.— "Nothing
short of death can prevent Bryan being
the next Democratic nominee and noth
ing but the intervention of the Almighty
will keep . him from being elected," de
clared Congressman Champ Clark of Mis
souri in an interview to-day.
"Democratic chances of success have
improved fully 50 per cent in the past four
months and are now brighter than they
have been in any Presidential campaign
in the last twenty years. It is practi
cally settled what the party platform will
be, and it may be outlined as follows:
Re-enactment of the Chicago platform,
declaration against expansion, strong
plank against trusts and other forms of
oppression, opposition to a large standing
army -and advocacy of economy In' pub
lic expenses." * - ,
AN ATTACK
MADE BY THE
INSURGENTS
Filipinos Make an Unsuc
cessful Attempt to Re
capture Calamba.*
THEIR MOVE FAILS
. — • —
Seek to Confuse Americans by Ad
vancing Prom Two Directions,
but Are Easily Repulsed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, July 30.— The insurgents
made an unsuccessful attempt this
morning to recapture the town of Cal
amba, on the shore of Laguna de Bai,
which the forces of General Hall cap
tured last Wednesday afternoon. The
rebels numbered 2400 men. The attack
was made simultaneously from the
north and south, the Filipinos appa
rently thinking they would confuse the
Americans by attacking from two
points at once. •'•'
It was not even necessary to employ
the whole American force to drive the
Filipinos oft". Two companies of the
Twenty-first Infantry, a squadron of
cavalry and one gun sufficed to repulse
the attack from the north, while the
400 men of the Washington Regiment,
comprising a part of Hall's command
and a detachment of cavalry, drove off
the rebels who had advanced from the
south.
The loss of th"** insurgents is not
known. The American loss was one
killed and seven wounded. Despite the
condition of the country, caused by the
recent rains, the enemy is active.
The Signal Corps has laid a cable
across Laguna de Bal from Calamba
to Taguig. This gives direct communi
cation with Manila. Taguig being con
nected with the capital ley land lines.
TRANSPORT VALENCIA
ARRIVES AT MANILA
WASHINGTON. July 30.— General i
Otis has informed the War Department J
of the arrival at Manila yesterday!
morning of the transport Valencia.
There were no casualties en route. The i
Valencia sailed from San Francisco j
June 29 with headquarters, Companies j
B and M, Fourth Cavalry, and F and 11,
Twenty-fourth Infantry, in all ten offi- I
cers and 454 enlisted men. j
COMING CONFERENCE
ON THE COMBINES
; All Representative Bodies Asked to
Send Delegates to the Chicago
Meeting.
CHICAGO. July 30.-Ralph M. Easley,
secretary of the Civic Federation of Chi
cago, returned to-day from the East,
where he has spent two weeks furthering
; the Interests of the coming conference on
combinations and trusts to be held in this
; city September 13 to 16.
While in Washington be arranged with
the State Department for a circular of
Inquiry to the Consuls throughout Eu
rope asking for information concerning
trade combinations of all kinds. lb' ex
tended an Invitation to the- interstate
Commerce Commission and the United
States Industrial Commission to attend in
a body; and Invitations have been accept
ed by representatives of the Protective
; Tariff ague-. the United States Export
; Association and tariff reform committee
: of th* Reform League of New Fork and
j the Home Market Club and New England
I Free Trade League of Boston.
Thirty-five Governors are appointing
! seven delegates each. In twenty instances
i the Governors, Attorney Generals and La-
I bor Commissioners will accompany the
j delegates. The committee has decided to
I invite all the members of Congress. The
! presidents of thirty-seven national and
j State- commercial, agricultural and labor
i associations have sent acceptances, and
i an effort Is being made to secure the at
| tendance of K. J. Smith of Birmingham,
| England, who has had phenomenal suc
| cess in promoting combination movements
i in England.
CONEY ISLAND STAKES.
j Fixtures of the Autumn Meeting |
Announced.
NEW YORK, July 30.— The racing days!
J and probable order of stakes of the au- j
I tumn meeting, 1899, as announced by the
1 Coney Island Jockey Club, follows:
i Saturday. August Jf!— The Futurity. $45,000,
for two-year-olds, futurity course; the Fall j
' Handicap, three-year-olds and upward, six fur- j
! longs.
| Monday. August 25— The Autumn Maiden, for
| two-year-olds, flve furlongs; the Flying Hands- I
cap, "for three-year-olds, six furlongs.
! Tuesday, August 29— The Dolphin, for three- i
year-olds, one mile and a furlong; the Mlnenia j
' Hurdle, 'three-year-olds and upward, three
j miles, over eight hurdles, on turf.
Wednesday, August 30— The Dash, for two- .
i year-olds, five furlongs; the Ocean Handicap,
tor three-year-olds and upward, one mile.
Thursday. August 31— Th» Patridge. for two- !
• year-olds, six furlongs, on turf; the Reapers.
' for three-year-olds, one and three-sixteenths j
: miles.
Friday, September ,1— The Sapphire, for 2-
I year-olds, five and one-half furlongs. The ■
| Turf Handicap, for 3-year-olds an.l upward,
(.no mile and a quarter, on turf.
i Saturday, September 2— The Flatbush, for 2-
I year-olds, seven furlongs. The Omnium
I Handicap, for 3-year-olds and upward, one
] mile and a furlong.
1 Monday, September i -The Autumn, for 2- j
| year-o'.ds, futurity course. The Twin City |
Handicap, for 3-year-olds and upward, one' :
mile and a quarter. The West bury Steeple- :
chase, for 8-year olds and upward, long
course.
Tuesday, September The Flight, for 2 j
• year-olds and upward, seven furlongs.
Wednesday, September 6— The Relies, for Al
lies, 2-year-olds, futurity course. Th? Rus
! sett Handicap, for 3-year-olds and upward,
! one mile and a half, on turf.
Thursday, September 7— The Golden Rod. for
2-year-olds, six and one-half furlongs, on turf.
j The September, for 3-year-olds, one mile and
j three-eighths.
Saturday, September 9— The Great Eastern
: Handicap, for 2-year-olds, futurity course. The
j Autumn Cup, for 3-year-olds and upward,
I two miles. ■;..*.-/ jf -j
KETCHUM EVADES THE
MARSHAL'S POSSE
Had Deserted His Rendezvous in
Tom Green County When the
Officers Arrived.
AUSTIN, July Tom Ketchum, the |
notorious train robber, who was believed
to have been cornered two days ago In
Tom Green County by a posse of State
Rangers and deputy United States Mar- !
shals, has again given the officers the slip. I
His rendezvous was found, but before ;
an attack could be made on the place
Ketchum and. the two members of his
band who were with him evaded the of
ficers. The outlaws ate believed to be in
hiding and a thorough search of that sec-;
tion will be made for them.
COOLIES FOR MEXICO.
Coffee Plantations Suffer for a Lack
of Native Labor.
OAXACA, Mex., July 30.- is proposed
to Import several thousand Chinese direct
from China to work on the coffee planta
tions of Southern Mexico. Crops are suf
fering owing to a lack of native labor.
William L. Malcolmson, an extensive
planter,- is now- In San Francisco arrang- ,
i ing for the Importation of the Chinese. i
PREACHER'S ATTACK
ON WOMAN'S CLUBS
Fair Sex of Knoxville Accused
of Exteosive Gambling
Operations.
KNOXVILLE, Term., July 30.-Rev. W. A. Saville. a Methodist mm- 9
ister. created a sensation here to-night by Preaching a sermon on „
"Chilhowee Park (a pleasure resort) versus Women Building .ne > lat- g
ter being owned and occupied by several woman clubs. He claimed the ©
latter place was not of the proper kind from a moral standpoint, and g
that recently a certain citizen lost $700 playing cards there. Rev.Mr. g
Saville concluded his sermon by saying the best thing God eve. made ©
was a good woman and the worst thing He ever made was a bad woman. 88
MILES TO ASSUME
FULL AUTHORITY
Will No Longer Be Gen
eral in Name Only.
o — —^
NO CLASH IS ANTICIPATED
both Mckinley and ROOT
want HARMONY.
•
Believe That the Bickerings Which
Have Distinguished the War
Department Will
Cease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
July 30.— General Miles has every rea
son to believe that he will now be
something more than commanding gen
eral in name only. It has been stated
that General Miles is preparing his"
case and that when the new Secretary
takes office on Tuesday he purposes to
demand his rights. This is not true.
He simply intends to resume his former
duties under regulations. In this way
it will devolve upon Secretary Root to
raise any question concerning General
Miles' duties and responsibilities, and
not the general.
Miles does not expect anything but
harmony, nor does Mr. Root. Mr. Mc-
Kinley insists upon it. I understand
that at a conference between the Presi
dent and General Miles, the day before
Alger resigned, the desirability of more
pleasant relations between the major
general commanding and the head of
the War Department was emphasized
and assurances were given that Gen
eral Miles would receive better treat
ment in the future.
There is no doubt that one of the
causes which led the President to seek
Alger's resignation was the petty jeal
ousy shown by the latter toward Gen
eral Miles. Before Miles' departure for
Santiago, on his way to Porto Rico.
more than a year ago, the President did
all he could to prevent a rupture be
tween the two officials, but General
Miles was discouraged at the repeated
tiling of his recommendations and the
general treatment he had received from
Alger, and the latter was angered by
the criticisms of his administration by
General Miles.
Since the return of General Miles and
his famous declaration concerning the
shortcomings of the War Department,
he lias held only perfunctory relations
with the Secretary of War. The new
Secretary has already been requested
by the President to give General Miles'
recommendations ancl views careful
consideration.
On his part, General Miles will be
expected to aid the Secretary in r.t'.min-
Istering the affairs of the department
and dealing with the military situation
in the Philippines.
Adjutant General Corbin is too much
of a soldier not to obey the President's
wishes. His friends point out that, al
though it has been repeatedly asserted
that he is not friendly toward General
Miles, he has maintained pleasant offi
cial relations with that officer, notwith
stand his loyalty to Secretary Alger.
With a tactful man like Mr. Root at
the head of affairs, it is believed by offi
cials that the bickerings which have
distinguished the War Department dur
ing the last year will cease.
The United States Hospital Ship Re
* lief Puts Into Honolulu to
Take on Coal.
HONOLULU, July 23. The United
States hospital ship Relief, Captain Frank
Harding, arrived yesterday, eleven days
from Yokohama , from which port she
sailed on July 11. After coaling she will
proceed directly to San Francisco.
The Relief has over 300 men aboard,
most of them being sick soldiers from Ma
nila. Besides she has a set of officers
and a. complete hospital corps, including
Burgeons. stewards and trainee] nurses.
On board are the following commissioned
officers, all of whom are well known here,
who are invalided home: Captain John F.
Zellinger, First Nebraska; Captain Will
lan J. Watson,. Twentieth Kansas; Cap
tain Adna G. Clarke, Twentieth Kansas:
First Lieutenant John C. McArthur, Third
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Collin H.
Ball Twentieth Kansas: Second Lieuten
ant Oliver c. Lapp, South Dakota.
■ The army officers in charge of the Re
lief are: Major A. B. Gradley, brigade
Burgeon, U. S. V., commanding; First
Lieutenant George Irwin. Fifth Artillery,
Q. M. and A. C. S.; Captain Henry rt.
Stiles, assistant surgeon, U. S. A.; First
Lieutenant Weston P. Chamberlain, as
sistant surgeon. U. S. A; contract sur
geons. Dr. C. D. Van Waganan, Dr. W. P.
Reed and Dr. Henry C. Rowland.
The hospital corps on board consists
of the following: Stewards George W.
Mullor and Henry Fuerschback; acting
stewards, Dean, Schenk and Blank
meyer; contract female nurses. Misses
Jean Allan, Amy B. Farquharson.
Esther K. Hassen. Alice P. Lyon, Armi
stead. Guion. Irvine and Russik.
Two men have died. Chris Kaus. pri
vate of Company H, Wyoming, died at
Yokohama on July 7 of malaria. At
Nagasaki, on June 28, Frank A. Duval
succumbed to meningitis. Both bodies
were embalmed and are being returned
to the United States on the Relief. Duval
was shot in the right leg and was .aid
up with his wound when he contracted
the fatal ailment.
«• .
SICK SOLDIERS ON
THEIR WAY HOME
HIDDEN TREASURE FOUND. I
Fabulous Sum Buried by Larencillo
Unearthed at Campeche.
VERA CRUZ, Mex., July 30.— Arrivals
here from the town of Areas, on the coast
of Campeche, report that the treasure of
Larencillo, a notorious Spanish buccaneer,
has been discovered buried in the sand
by Jose Resendo, the lighthouse keeper
at that place. The treasure is in the form
of gold and silver bullion and amounts in j
value to a fabulous sum.
Big Fire in Hawaii.
HONOIPU. Hawaii. July 21.— A fire early
Monday morning, July 17, totally ae
stroyed the warehouse of R. R. Hind at
this place and practically all of its con
tents. The loss reaches between $10,000
and $50,000 with no Insurance, except
possibly on some of the sugar stored
there. ' i
PRAISE FROM THE
ENGLISH PRESS
Comments on the Peace
Conference.
— -» —
GOOD WORDS FOR AMERICANS
— — -
ESPECIAL COMMENDATION FOR
SECRETARY HOLES.
•
Honor Is Also Given to Russia for
Her Conception and Carrying
Out of the Conven-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 30.— The morning papers J
all devote space to the closing of the
Peace Conference. The Standard says:
"It must be a source of pride to Russia
to know that she carried with her. In
agreeing to all the conventions, declara
tions and resolutions, a majority of the
nations represented. True, the minority,
which makes important exceptions and
reservations, includes such powers as
Great Britain, the United States, Ger
many. Austria, Japan and Italy. Still
Russia, can console herself with the sup
port not only of France, Belgium, Bolivia
and Bra J, whose opinions on such topics
as the laws of maritime warfare and the
limitation of the caliber of naval ordnance
and pattern of rifle bullets must carry
weight even if they conflict with the
British admiralty and German war office."
The Daily News says: "The* chief work
was, of course, the definite unanimous as
sent of the assembled states to arbitra
tion as a substitute for war. The Pope's
letter, too, must have an excellent effect
upon Roman Catholic countries, and Prot
estants will read it with with feelings of
highest esteem for the aged Pontiff, who
in language worthy of his station ac
knowledges the duty of the church to pre
serve the peace of the world."
W. T. Stead says in the Dally News:
"The American delegation has been one
of the most useful elements in the parlia
ment. If the old traditional policy of
America had been construed with such
severity as to forbid the presence of
American delegates at the international
gathering the world would have been the
loser. Andrew White, its chief, held him
self much in the background, but did not
spare effort privately to bring about a
good understanding between the repre
senttives of the powers.
"But the man of the American delega
tion who left much the deepest mark upon
the conference and its work was the
American lawyer, Mr. ll. dis, secretary of
the delegation. Mr. Hulls was compara
tively unknown before the conference, but
it had hardly come together before his
energy and his determination compelled
all his comrades to feel that he was one
of the strong men of the conference.
Owing to his appointment on the commit
tee d'examen he was able to play a much
more conspicuous role than any other
American delegate and he made the very
best use of this opportunity. Apart trom
the article Introducing the special media
tion, which bears his name, he was
chiefly instrumental in introducing the
principle of revision into the arbitration
convention. In this he was ably seconded
by Seth Low, whose exceptional abilities
had unfortunately little opportunity for
exercise. But nevertheless he impressed
his colleagues very favorably.
"Captains Mahan and Crozer made
hosts of friends and stuck to their duties
manfully— one stuck to his
asphyxiating shells and the other to his
expanding bullet with a resolution and
pertinacity which commanded the admi
ration even of those who opposed them."
STANFORD GRADUATES
FORGE TO THE FRONT
Important Educational Positions
Won By Former Palo Alto
Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 30.—
["he following graduates of Stanford TJnl
•ersity have been appointed to Important
educational positions in the State this
;ummer:
Frederick L.. Rurk. A.M.. '92. is to be prlncl
a! of the San Francisco Normal School.
Burt 6. Kinney. '07. who has been principal
it Compton. Koes to the prlnclpalship of the
freka School.
Charles C. Hughes, "95. has been promoted
rom principal of Longfellow School. Alameda,
o he City Superintendent of Schools of Ala
nee.a.
Anthony H. Puzzallo, '99. will he principal of
he Longfellow School, Alameda.
D. B. Spooner. '99, is teaching In a boys'
chool in Otsu. Japan.
U. G. Durfee, '99, will be principal of the
tedding School.
H. C. Barker, who has been at Salinas, will
ie principal and superintendent at Eureka.
Charles C. Hill, '9*, vice principal at Salinas,
ias been promoted to principal.
Ralph E. Filcher. '99. is to be principal of
he Maxwell Grammar School of Colusa
*ounty.
Walter Clark. '99. will he teacher in history
n the Merced High School.
William H. Conneao. '98. is to he principal of
he High School at Winters, Yolo County.
Le Roy Dixon, '99. will teach the ancient
anguages at the Manzanlta School of Palo
Uto.
Franklin T. Schott. '99. will be Instructor In
lhyslcs nt Manzanita Hall.
Ralph Arnold. "99, will he an instructor In
loin's School, Menlei Park.
Fanny Mitchell. '97. will be teacher of draw
ng in the Pomona schools. 'J,.*.' -r:
At' the San Jose State Normal School
he following Stanford people will teach
lext year:
Charles J. C. Bennett, A.M., '96, Mrs. C. L.
'lace, professional department: Harriet Corey.
9.*.. Una B. Fowler, '99. mathematics ; Louise
_taitland, '96, drawing; Ettle Kinney, English.
. This list is not complete by any means,
jut includes those that have been report
id so far. '*..;•..-,;
-
Series of Notable .Lectures.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 30.— A series of
-lotable lectures will be delivered in this
.Ity during the month of August. The
irst. on August 1, will be given by Bishop
William H. Moreland on the subject
'Spiritualism and Christian Science."
Others to follow are: "Theosophy," by
Rev. Dr. MacKinnon, rector of St. John's
Episcopal Church Stockton, and dean of
:he San Joaquin Convocation; "My Sum
ner In England." by Dr. G. R. de Wolfe
'e.wi.- of San Mateo and "Personal Ex
periences in the Merrlmae-Monitor Fight
if the Civil War," by Rev. R. C. Foute of
trace Episcopal Church, San Francisco,
rhe series will close with "A Bit of Eliz
lbethan California," by Very Rev. Will
am F. Nichols, Bishop of California. The
ectures will be given under the auspices
.f the Church Guild of St.-Mary's-by-the
Sea. and the proceeds will be devoted to
lefraying the expense of recent improve
uents on church property.
•
The McCulloch Goes North.
PORT TOWNSEND, July 30.— The
revenue cutter McCulloch sailed to-day
for St. Michael. Major E. W. Clark,
speciai treasury agent, stationed on the
Prlbyloff Islands, was a passenger on the
McCuUoch. .** -• '-.v*
EXCITEMENT
IN IDAHO OVER
COLD STRIKE
Two Veins of Rich Quartz
Discovered on Badger
Creek.
threats"? miners
- — ♦ —
Seize the Iron Dieke Copper Mine
for Back Pay and May
Blow It Up.
Sp«c!al Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, July 30.— of the
biggest quartz discoveries in the his
tory of the State has been made on
Badger Creek, which empties into the
Boise River, about three miles this side
of Twin Springs. The discovery was
made by a prospector named Frank
Bryant at a point on the creek three
miles from its mouth. News of the
strike reached Boise yesterday evening
and created a distinct sensation in min
ing circles. A large number. of people
at once struck out for the scene of the
new discovery and others will go to
day.
It is understood that R. K. Anderson,
manager of the Twin Springs Com
pany has taken option on thirteen of
the claims for his company, which em
braces the best locations. He has had
ten assays made which run all the way
from $50 to $133 a ton. One pound of
ore from the original discovery yielded
$30 in gold.
The new discovery is only about forty
miles from Boise. By this time a
swarm of people, who heard the news
here last night, are on the ground.
The important discovery covers two
veins, which are about 6 feet wide at
the surface and only 300 feet apart,
running east and west.
In the south vein gold predominates,
and from it the most of the samples
were taken for assay. In the north
vein silver predominates,- but it also
carries a large percentage of lead. The
assays show an average value of "-0 per
cent lead and 50 ounces of silver to the
ton. It is the gold vein, however, that
caused the sensation.
News from the Seven Devils is to the
effect that the Iron Dieke mine, belong
ing to the Northwest Copper Company,
has shut down with its employes in
possession. For three months there
has not been a pay-day and the men
employed in the mine concluded to take
possession of the property until such
time as they would see the color of
some pay.
Two guards were placed over the
property in the day and two at night.
For an extra precaution the men drill
ed a hole in some rock near the mine
and loaded it with powder. This they
intend to touch off if any attempt is
made by the management to regain
possession of the mine as a signal to
the rest to fall into line. A clash is ex
pected any time.
MAY HAVE BEEN MURDERED.
Nicholas Furlong's Body -Found in
the Bay Near Port Costa.
PORTA COSTA, July 30.— body of
Nicholas Furlong was found floating in
the bay near Port Costa this morning.
Furlong was last seen alfve at 2 o'clock
Tuesday morning, when he was walking
along the wharf near the ferry slip. That
the man met death by falling into the
bay seems hardly probable, for he had
been working along the water front be
tween Port Costa and Crockett for the
past seventeen years and was thoroughly
familiar with every foot of the different
wharves between those two points.
There is an ugly gash on the right side
of Furlong's head and from the fact that
the body came to the surfce so quickly
leads many of his friends to believe that
he met with foul play. :
Furlong leaves a widow and son resid
ing in Vallejo.
Dependable Drugs
We Fit ;
Trasses ■<
Trusses sold over the*-coim*teT--
as so much merchandise are /
practically worthless. / .;
Trusses must fit the-'wearer?
: like shoes fit the feet.
An expert truss fitter is tn 1
{ charge of our truss department
when he fits a truss it fits per-
il fectly.
Private room men and wo-
| men attendants.
Common Sense Truss
Adjustable to any position by
set screws. Price ranges from
$2. 50 to $4.
French Truss
When properly fitted. this Is one
of the easiest" to wear. Prices
from 81.50 to $3.50.
Steel Neck Truss
Nickel-plated. Adjustable and
well adapted for stout people;
$2 to 54.
Cross Body Truss
Strong and durable; easy and
comfortable; $2 to $4.
Fine French Truss
For light ruptures; mostly used
to fit rupture in females. Price
$2 to $3.50.
* French Grade Truss
An excellent truss for low rup-
tures; $1.50 to $3.50.
>*£uT- rate Sr taja
ymuaatsTSgj. ,^%_____[
/ 28 Market St. / I
Tel. South 356. San Francisco
1 toth and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets assist the
stomach to thoroughly digest all album-
inous and nitrogenous foods. They re-
lieve the tired stomach of a greater part
of its work, allowing it time to rest and
strengthen until its normal digestive
.functions are restored. They improve
the general health and build up the
wasted tissues with proper nourishment
— properly digested and assimulated
food.MAUNA LOA'S
CRATER YET
VERY ACTIVE
■
Old Flows of Lava From
Mokuaweoweo Give Way
to New Ones.
HILO OlifOF danger
. ♦ —
Molten Streams That Seemed to
Threaten the City Diverted West
ward Toward Kohala.
— * — ■
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY HORACE^ WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, July 23.— The volcan i j
of Mokuoweoweo still contin
ues to be active, and old flows j
give place to new. The latest j
reports are that there is no ap
parent fear for Hilo. as the main !
streams appear to be diverting from
the main track to the port and touching j
more to the north In the direction of j
Kalaieha on the side of Manna Loa, and j
then turning westward toward Kohala. i
The Call's correspondent writes to me j
from Hilo that for the past few days it i
had . been impossible to get even a
glimpse of the reflection from that city i
until «en Thursday evening, when the!
dense smoke, which had been hanging j
over the whole of the east coast, cleared j
away and a magnificent view of the
glow was had.
From th Volcano House a grand i
view of the display of fountains from
the volcano is enjoyed by the hundreds
of visitors. Through a telescope or
even by the naked eye can easily be
seen the vast columns of lava, being
thrown from the center of the crater
high up into the air to fall again upon
the side of the cone and rush madly j
down its sides in fiery columns. These j
fountains vary from 200 to at least 500
feet in height,* and though almost thir
ty miles rom the Volcano House are,
plainly visible.
[f it is not within the compass of peo
pie te. visit the actual crater itself — and
the journey and climbing require strong
Constitution and nerves -those who-are j
able should not hesitate to get as near j
te. it. as the Volcano House, for the
climate is simply grand, and there are j
many points of interest even to those
who have previously visited Kilauea. |
From Kilauea vast clouds of smoke I
are continually arising and it is so hot I
on th- lava bed, near the crater, that it
appears to be very likely that there will
shortly be a flow from there, for
through the cracks near the mouth of |
th--- crater can be seen the redhot lava |
flowing in the interior.
CHANGE IN THE COURSE
OF THE LAVA FLOW
KALAIEHA, Hawaii, Humuula I
Sheep Station. July 19.— A very great
change took place in the course of the!
lava flow last night. Ever since the !
flow began, July 4. the course of the
principal stream of lava has been from
the highest active cones down the j
mountain nearly due east, past all the j
sources of lava until it reached and j
partly crossed the flow of ISSO. Then it i
turned abruptly to the north in the di- I
rection of Kalaieha on the side of j
Ma una Loa. It spread all over the side j
of the mountain, occupying an area al- I
most a mile wide. This -v.-'-* the condi- j
ion of things last night.
Sometime during the night the first
part of th- stream, that flowing east- ]
ward, broke through its bank about »
half nay from its source to where it.
turned northward, and formed a new j
channel running northward down the
mountain parallel with the old channel :
but further west. This is carrying the
lava less directly toward Hilo, and
keeping it nearer the ridge which di
vides it from the slope off In the direc
tion of the Kohala coast.
KALAIEHA! July 19.— Will E. Fisher
ar.d E. S.Gregory started for the spout- j
ing cone Monday morning, seeking to
reach it by following up the course of
the flow from its foot at this point.
Gregory returned this morning for a I
fresh supply of water to take back to j
Fisher, who had become exhausted and
was obliged to spend the night on the;
rocks. They found the way so difficult
that they were able to get within
several miles 'if the cone and were ■
obliged to turn back.
LUETGERT'S FUNERAL.
Attorney Harmon Assert** His Inno-
cence at the Grave.
CHICAGO, July "I".— Thousands of per
sons attended to-day he funeral of
Adoiph Luetgert] the wife-murderer, who
died at the Joliet Penitentiary. Promi
nent in the group about the bier were
Luetgert's three children near a floral pil
low with the inscription. "i »ur Father's
Words, 'I Am Innocent.' "
Lawrence Harmon; former counsel or
L-i-tgert. delivered •ii address, at the
close of which he said: "He is- dead, but
his wife lives. I call upon Louisa Lw t
g. rt. the missing woman for whom he
suffered without ever uttering an unkind
word regarding her. to come forth and
remove the unmerited stain from the
name of the father and her innocent
children." •
— *
MRS. McKINLEY IMPROVING.
President and Family Spent a Quiet
Day at the Hotel.
HOTEL CHAMPLAIN. N. V.. July 30.—
President McKinley did not attend church
to-day. but remained at the hotel with
Mrs. McKinley.
This morning he went out for a long
walk with his old friend. Commander j
Buckingham of the navy, and after]
luncheon he went out for a short walk j
with Dr. Rixey. Mrs. McKinley continues i
to improve steadily. To-night the weather I
has turned cold and there will probably ]
be a light freest..
ALGER IN WASHINGTON.
Will Formally Relinquish Control of j
the Office To-Day.
WASHINGTON, July Secretary Al- |
ger ancl Mrs. Alger turned to Washing
ton this afternoon. The Secretary will'
formally relinquish control of the War 1
Department to-morrow and Mr. Root will i
take hold.
Senator Burrows of Michigan returned
to the. city on the same- train, but neither
knew- of the- other's presence on the train :
until it was some distance out of New
York. i
Brakeman Whyte Injured.
DUNSMUJR; July Brakeman J. A.
Whyte. while making a coupling this
evening, was caught between the plat
forms of two. cars. It is thought he has
received serious internal Injury. Several
ribs were broken. His folks reside in
Sacramento.
Clergymen on an Outing.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 30.— The annual
summer encampment of members of the
California Methodist Episcopal Confer
ence opens at this place to-morrow even
ing. Dr. Westwood W. Case, presiding
AUTOMOBILE ON
WAY WESTWARD
Notwithstanding Accidents ar>d
Bad Roads Davis Reaches
. w i __. ¥ ** _r
Newark. N. Y.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS. '
000000000
q ' START, JULY 13. ®
O Miles- 0
q Estimated distance to q
q cover 3,700 q
q Sunday's run 35 q
0 Total distance covered . 351 Q
ocoooeooooooooooo
NEWARK. July 30.—We had a
break down to-day on the road
out of Auburn, which we left nt
6 o'clock. The spindle of the in
let valve snapped and made it
necessary fo run on one cylinder into
Phelps. There was a gas engine shop
there, and we stopped to have the de
fect remedied. We were advised to
have a different valve set in. and it took
the entire afternoon to accomplish this
and we started at 7 o'clock for Newark,
Intending to make an early start to
morrow morning and a long day's run.
The motor is working evenly, and if
there are any more breaks it will be
due to causes that can be entered Into
in detail. The roads to-day have been
very heavy, the sand and hills making'
travel hard and especially so on one
cylinder. The run to Newark was very
satisfactory and one cyclometer shows
thirtv-flve miles done in three hours
and a half.
RACE FROM PARIS TO
SEMALOA WON BY RENAUX
PARIS, July 30.— 1n the automobile
rider of the San Francisco district of the
California Conference, has charge of the
encampment, and all preparations for the
week's outing have been completed. The
clergymen and their families who attend
will be housed in the Pacific Improve
ment Company's cottages and tents, and
accommodations have been prepared for
an unusually large crowd. During the- day
picnic, boating, driving and wheeling ex
cursions will be enjoyed, and each evening
an address will he delivered by some one
of the clergymen present.
CHURCH DOORS LOCKED.
Visalia Clergymen Select the Same
Time for Their Vacations.
VISALIA, July 30.— An unusual condi
tion of affairs exists In Visalia.. Every
clergyman save the Catholic. priest is out
of town on a vacation. All the church
doors are locked. Satan pursues his
schemes unmolested. Warren Knight and
.Mis-- Ollie Tatum came in from Dinuba
vestordav to get married. They went to
a hotel and asked to have a minister sum
moned. After a two hours' search it was
discovered there was no minister in town.
The prospective bride and groom were
heartbroken, as they did not wish to be
married by a Justice. They finally suc
cumbed to the inevitable and were mar
ried by Judge H. C. Lillie.
CORCORAN IN PRISON.
Reached the Penitentiary Thoroughly
Broken in Spirit.
BOISE. Idaho, July .TO.— Paul Corcoran,
the Shoshone County dynamiter convicted
at the recent term of the District Court
at Wallace, arrived here this evening in
charge of- Guard James Donnell of the
penitentiary. _ ,
He was conveyed at once to the peni
tentiary and entered upon his term of
service Mr. Donnelly reports Corcoran
behaved in an exemplary manner
throughout the trip. The prisoner seemed
much broken down, realizing more cdear
ly his situation as he drew nearer to the
place of his incarceration.
ALLIANCE DENIED.
China and Japan Only Desire Friend-
ly Relations.
PEKING, July 30.— The rumors regard
ing the formation of a China-Japanese
alliance are semi-offlcially denied, and it
is asserted that the envoys recently -sent
to Tokio were appointed simply to prove
the friendly relations between the powers.
Sunday at Garfield Park.
SANTA CRUZ. July 30.— This was the
last day of the Christian Church conven
tion, and it was a spiritual feast from
sunrise until late at night. At (5:30 this
morning a large- number assembled in the
tabernacle at a sunrise prayer meeting.
Sunday-school service was held at 9:30.
At 11 o'clock Rev. S. M. Jefferson preached
to an immense congregation. At the same
hour at the Congregational Church Rev.
Thomas Rover of Stockton delivered a
sermon The celebration of the Lord s
Simper was held in the afternoon. It was
conducted by Rev. .1. D. Wllmott of San
Jose and William Barr of Oakland. There
were many communicants. Rev. J. \V.
Webb of Fresno was in charge of a rous
ing temperance meeting. At the same hour
in the Young Men's Christian Association
Hall Rev. Henry Shadle of Sacramento
and Rev. D. Willhite of Tulare addressed
a meeting of young men. 'I his evening a
Christian Endeavor meeting was held,
and Rev. J. J. Morgan of Woodland
reached. The convention closed with the
singing of "God Be With You Till We
Meet Again." "■■
Dr. Jordan Goes Camping.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY; July 30.—
President David Starr Jordan left to-day
for a month's camping trip 'in Kings
River Canyon. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Jordan and Professor and Mrs. i..1
--wood Cubberley. The party will join an
other group of Stanford professors who
[eft for the canyon two weeks ago. This
party hides Professors George M.
Richardson. Outdo Marx, Vernon 1.. Kel
logg. Librarian Alexis V. Babine. In
structor Robert Swan and Irving Squire
of Toledo. Ohio. They will spend the
time In fishing and In climbing the
mountan peaks of the Sierras above, the
canyon. _•• -:
_...... _.*. _..
Sermons at Twin Lakes.
SANTA CRUZ, July 30.— Only one more
day remains for the Summer Bible Insti
tute which is being held at Twin Lakes.
This morning Rev. Robert Whittaker of
Oakland gave- a study on the life of
Jesus. In the evening Rev. Arthur U.
Brown of Fresno gave a lecture on "The
Influence of the Bible on civilization."
Memorial Editorials.
BERLIN, July 30.— Almost the entire
German press issued memorial editorials
to-day. the occasion being the anniversary
of the death of Prince Bismarck. The
Vorwaerts. the Socialist organ, was silent.
Serious Forest Fires.
PORT TOWNSEND. July 30.— Serious
forest fires are reported btween Clallam
and Neah Bay. For several days there
has been no telegraphic communication
between those point.-*.
Fire at Tupper Lake.
UTICA. July 30. Fire at Tuppor Lake,
in the Adirondacks. has destroyed a hotel
and fifteen buildings.
Obligations of Citizenship.
Rev. H. T. Shepard spoke last night to
the congregation of the Olivet Congrega
tional Church on the "Obligations of Citi
zenship." He said;
"From the highest Christian standpoint
the citizen's indebtedness does not He
alone in returns for what he receives;
1 rather it lies chiefly in what he has power
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1899.
I"WE riMDITADirfICWJriATTCRTO
I KCEP TO THE ROAD ALTHOUGH
WE. ARE SUPPLIED WITH MAP 3."
race to-day from Paris to Semaloa, a
distance of .■.T.' kilometres, both motor
cycles and carriages competing, the
firs, arrival was M. Renaux, on a mo
torcycle, who accomplished the dis
tance in seven hours and fifteen min
utes, an average speed of nearly fifty
two kilometres an hour.
The first carriage to arrive was that
of M. Anthony, In seven hours and
thirty minutes.
to pive. and even in an Increase of this
power. The Christian citizen is under ob- j
ligation to qualify himself for usefulness !
and then to apply his powers for the pub
lic good."
LESSONS DRAWN BY
REV. FATHER WYMAN
Father 11. 11. Wyman occupied the
pulpit in Ft. Mary's (Paulist) at tin- 11
o'clock mass yesterday morning and dis
coursed in his usual forcible style. lie
dwelt on the eleventh chapter of St. John.
"He groaned in spirit and was troubled."
In part he said:
To-day, my dear brethren, we celebrate the
feast of St. Martha, and I think I cam bet
tor show you how great she was in the ever
of God than by calling your attention Lo the
visit of our Lord to her when he raised her
beloved brother from the dead.
The gospel tells us thai our l--'l was so af
fecteel hy the death of Lazarus that he
groaned In spirit and wept We might natur
ally ask ourselves why he should grieve over
the death nt one he was about to raise to life
again. The reason is because he ha.l human
sympathy fee:- his friends in their affliction and
had to weep with those who wept. Further
more, he saw the effects of sin In death and
remembered that his own death for the life
of others would be accomplished. We see in
this sin both our Lord's humanity and his di
vinity. Mary had said: "Lord, If thou hadst'
l,^o n here mv ■ roth would not have died
She then recognized his divinity a? well as
his sympathy. He chose in a special manner
to show forth his divinity by commanding that
Lazarus should come forth . rom the tomb.
< 'hrist can not he understood unless we recog
nize both his divinity and his humanity.
OBSERVED THE
FEAST OF ST. JAMES
The feast of St. James was celebrated
at the well-known church of that name
yesterday morning with a solemn high
mass, a special sermon and beautiful mu
sic. Hardly a vacant spot could be found
in the sacred edifice when the solemn
services began. Rev. Father Lynch, pas
tor of St. .lames', was the celebrant, Fa
ther Griffin deacon, and Father Durand of
Yuma. Ariz., sub-deacon.
Father McKlnnon preached an eloquent
sermon on the life of the saint, and drew
numerous lessons from his subject. The
choir, augmented for the occasion, and
under the direction of Miss Purcell, ren
de-re-el the following programme-:
i.i n.-e he's mass— Soloists: Soprano. Mrs.
Edward Burns: contralto, Miss Alice Leahy;
tenor, 11. P. Dlnan; bassos, .1. P. Leonard, W.
Fan. assisted by Misses L. Devlne. M. Ma
lone, F. Cook, M. Maloney. At the offertory
"Aye Maria" (Intermezzo "CavallCTla Ftustl
cana"' was sung l>y Mrs. Edward Burns, with
violin obllealo tjy Frank Krone.
CHIEF LEES AND
THE AUTOMOBILES
Rev. Frederick C. Lee of the California
street Methodist Episcopal Church sar
castically commented last night on Chief
Lees' desire to have automobiles assigned
to his department for use in carrying crim
inals and drunks to and from prison in a
prelude to his regular Sunday evening ser
mon, entitled, "Chief Lees on Wheels."
After calling attention to the alleged un
faithful services performed by the aged
head of the local police department, the
minister commented on the Chief's at
tempt to gel the autocars as follows:
"The Chief has been somewhat modest,
Inasmuch as he has not specified the par
ticular 'motor' he prefers; whether he
wishes it to work with a "push' or a 'pull'
, gear. What a sight to make the ferry
clock hide its face and the man on the
i miner's monument drop his Hag and run.
See. here they come: Fife and drum j
corps, prancing on blooded bicycles, with
I the weary Chief 'gee-hawing' his electri
! lied charger at their head. Shade of Moses
' Gunst, pity and protect us!"
A WARM ATTACK
ON SPIRITUALISM
Rev. E. Nelander preached a sermon on j
"Spiritualism: or. King Saul at the
: Witch's Cave". last night to his congrega
; tion at the First English Lutheran
Church. Following are a few extracts
from the sermon:
Paul was a spiritualist. I do not say that
there is no truth underlying* this form of
falsehood. But 'for the so called "spiritualism"
! of these times we can have no feeling but of
contempt and abhorrence. Suppose that our
departed dead could communicate with us, j
would ti-.ee.- go to entire strangers, to people :
with whom when living they would not as- j
sociate and tell to social outcasts the most
sacred things, which, if they were living, they ;
would tell in no car but- ours? Th.- very
thought of such a possibility Is degrading tJ
the memory of' the sainted .Wei.
Dr. Wilson on Colonel Ingersoll.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard Methodist Episcopal Church, ad
dressed a large congregation last night on
the passing of Colonel Ingersoll. The doc
tor commented on the career of the
famous agnostic, sketched his early train
ing and drew lessons from his life. The
sermon was an Instructive one and was
listened to with deep interest by those
present.
Lecture by Mrs. Mattie A. Bridge.
"Social Breakers" was the theme- of a
lecture delivered by Mrs. Hattie A.
Bridge at the First Christian Church, on
Twelfth street, last night. Strong drink
and Its dire effect on the home and social
world was pictured by the speaker in lan
guage which admitted of no misgivings.
The Mark.
Edwin— How do you know that it was
a man that wrote the novel?
Helen— Because the story takes over
space of ten years, and the heroine
never changes her dress but once.— The
Rival
YELLOW FEVER
RAGES IN THE
HAMPTON HOME
Thirty Men Are Down and
Three Deaths Occurred
Yesterday.
STRICT "QUARANTINE
c,
Four Thousand Veterans at the
Home— Large Excursion. Par
ties Visited It Last Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT NEWS. July 30.— There ;
are thirty cases of what is believed to
be genuine yellow fever at the Na- i
tional Soldiers' Home, near Hampton, ;
and three deaths from the disease were \
reported to-day. There were several
other deaths at the institution yester- j
day, but it cannot be stated to-night
that all of them were caused by yellow |
fever. Newport News and Hampton j
I will quarantine against the Soldiers'
l Home to-morrow morning.. The Gov
ernment authorities at Old Point have j
| already adopted this step and no
! strangers are allowed to enter the res
j ervation.
Quarantine Officer Hobson of this
port went to the Soldiers' Home to
| night and verified the statement that
there are now thirty cases of the dis
: ease at the home and that there were
! three deaths from the malady to-day.
, While no one outside of the Soldiers'
Home knew anything of the existence
I of yellow fever until to-day. it is said
that the disease made its appearance
■ three days ago. The most rigid quar- j
antine regulations will be enforced to
prevent the- spread of the malady.
The news has created great excite
ment in Newport News, Old Point and
Hampton and the most vigorous meas
ures will be resorted to to prevent its I
spread. There are four thousand vet-'
erans at the- home and several large
excursion parties vent there last week.
WYMAN AND STERNBERG
ARE INCREDULOUS
WASHINGTON, July 30.— Surgeon
General Wyman of the Marine Hospi
tal Service was informed Saturday
night of an outbreak of v. hat was fear
ed to be yellow* fever at the National
Soldiers' Home, at Hampton, Virginia,
and immediately dispatched surgeons
in the service from Wilmington, N. •'..
Norfolk and Washington to investigate
the sickness there, report on its char
acter to the authorities here and to
take measures to prevent the spread
of the disease. Dr. Wyman himself
will go to Hampton in a few days to
take charge of the work of preventing
a spread of the disease if it develops
Into genuine yellow fever.
Two of the surgeons dispatched to
the home reported to-day that the
symptoms very much resembled those
of yellow fever, and that while they j
would not be positive in their diagnose j
as yet, they were Inclined to the belief I
thai the disease was the dread yellow j
jack. The Government will light its
progress with all the skill anil re- I
sources at its command.
Surgeon General Sternberg of the j
army declared to an Associated Press j
reporter at a late hour to-night that he j
has no official knowledge of the report
ed outbreak of yellow fev»** •■< j
Hampton. He expressed himself as
highly Incredulous of the truth vi I lid j
story, saying he had no intimation even
of the question of the fever at Hamp
ton. Still, he said, he might not get
the earliest news in such cases, as re
ports probably would be first sent to
the members of the Soldiers' Home.
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN BY
NORFOLK HEALTH BOARD
NORFOLK, July 30.- Th" Board of
Health has quarantined against Old Point.
Hampton and Newport News. Police offi
cers have been sent out along the water
front to watch for tugs, sailboats and
other craft. There is much excitement.
Governor Woodfin of the Soldiers' Home
confirms the report of the existence of
fever there. Hampton has been quaran
tined from Old Point, and the trolley cars
stopped running to the former place to
night.
"Agnosticism" His Subject.
Rev. D. V. Bo wen addressed his con
gregation at the First New Jerusalem
Church yesterday morning on the subject
of "Agnosticism." He said:
"Agnosticism is a term used to set
forth a form of scepticism. Its funda
mental principle is that all knowledge
should be restricted to phenomena which
are capable Of being apprehended by the
senses. In the new- church it is allowable
to enter with the understanding. So the
word agnosticism has no place here. The
new church does claim to know and to be
able to give a reason for its faith."
Presidio Notes.
James Doyle, Company D, Second Ore
gon Volunteers, died at the Presidio yes
terday morning of dysentery. - Doyle en
listed nt l.c Grande. Private Schwarz of
the same company was taken to the hos
i pital yesterday suffering from pneumo
nia. :.-..:
General Shafter and Secretary of Agri
culture Wilson Inspected the Presidio yes
terday. They visited the hospitals, the
barracks and the defenses on the hill.
Phonograph Robbers Caught.
Two urchins, Bel do Dolbolofhia, aged 0.
and Thomas Todisha, aged 12, were
caught in the act of robbing a phono
graph machine at the Phonograph Par
lors, 72-4 Market street, at 12 o'clock last
pight. While one of the pair pretended
to listen at the machine, the other opened
the cash-box with a. false key. The boys
were promptly arrested and jailed with
charges of petty larceny placed against,
them. They have been working -their
scheme undetected for some months.
Fractured His Ankle.
Daniel Smith.' a fruit shipper of Bolinas,
fractured bis right ankle by slipping on
the Jackson-street wharf about 0 o'clock
last evening. Smith had a quantity of
fruit "ii the wharf and noticed several
men in the ct of purloining a portion of
it He Immediately gave chase to the
thieves and In doing so stumbled, with the
above result. His Injun was treated
at the Harbor Receiving Hospital.'
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
R. P. Gale, past sachem of Wlnnemucca
Tribe was recently the recipient of . a
magnificent gold badge, emblematic of the
order, and pendent from a gold pipe of
The Great Council will meet this week.
The membership of the order is now 200,
--000 including the membership of the De
gree of Pocahontas, which is 35.000. A
recent report shows that the average
membership of each tribe is ninety, the
funds on hand and invested averages
$1000 for each tribe and the dues average
amount to $8 a year, while the amount
paid to members, widows and orphans for
DOUBLE DISASTER
ON THE ERIE ROAD
Two Men filled in the Wreck
Near Lackawaxen and Mar>y
Passerjgers Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT JERVIS, N. V., July 30.—
accident on the Erie Railroad, growing
out of the landslide a mile east of
Lackawaxen last night, was not as seri
ous as at first reported. Only the fire
man and engineer of the derailed en
gine of the westbound Chicago express,
which turned over on the track, were
killed, though a number of passengers
on the express, the vestibule passen
ger train for Buffalo and Cleveland, •
which left New York at 7 o'clock Satur
day, were injured. Following is a
complete list of the killed and injured
as far as known at the present time:
Killed:
STEPHEN OUTWATER, Port Jer-
is. engineer of the Chicago express.
FRED SELLS, Port Jervis. fireman
of the Chicago express.
Injured:
C. L. Stephens, 117 Garfield avenue.
Chicago, bruises and minor contusions.
F. View, New York, cut on head and
right arm.
<;. H. Boyd, Sharon, Pa., scalp
wounds.
Mrs. <;. H. Boyd, Sharon, Pa., bruises
on back and shoulders.
Bernard Shay, Port Jervis, engineer
freight, pelvis broken.
Fred Smith, Port Jervis, brakeman,
shoulder broken.
J. M. Trimmer, trainman of Chicago
express, shoulder injured.
Michael Thornton, porter, shoulder
bruised.
Timothy Welsh, conductor of Chicago
express, back and legs injured.
Miss Florence Adell Mulford. New
ark, Mrs. Elizabeth Hunt, Newark,
bruises.
F. E. Belze, Cleveland, cuts, head and
hand burned.
L. E. Parker, New York, hands
burned.
Mrs. F. C. Vows, New York. cuts,
head and back injured.
F. L. Meigott, Newark, N. J., bruises
left leg.
F. L. Kllpatrlck, 117 Seventeenth
avenue, Denver, slight injuries.
E. L. Drake, Pullman conductor,
slight injuries.
W. F. Reybold, Hoboken, slight in
juries.
A. S. Collins. Buffalo, N. V., slight in
juries.
Richard Smith, Chicago, slightly in
jured.
The wreck which occurred shortly be
fore midnight, was preceded by a
cloudburst and storm which lasted two
hours. A section of the bank fell on
the eastbound track directly in front
of the freight train. Several trees went
down with the rocks and earth, the
freight cars and engine \vere turned
over directly across the" westbound
tracks of the Erie road. Sixty freight
cars constituted the train, but only
twenty-two were derailed and the de
bris was piled up on the westbound
tracks just as the Chicago express put
in an appearance, running fifty miles
an hour. The engine of the express
crashed into the wreck and the bag
relief amounted for the year preceding
th.- report to $3 50 per member. In the
reservation of California there are forty
seven tribes with a membership of 4183,
showing a net gain of 400 since the ad
journment of the previous Great Council.
In San Francisco there are seventeen
tribes with a membership of nearly 2150.
In the thirty years preceding last Janu
aarv there has been paid into the order
for adoptions and degrees 517r..«.10. dues
$756,591. making a total of $830,201. There
was paid "in for si. benefits $3iu.26t, for
funerals $73,000. and for the relief of
members In distress $38,389. The assets of
the order in California are valued at $100,
--(100, with real estate and halls In San
Francisco, Sacramento, Newcastle, Yreka,
Fort Bragg. Elmhurst and Vallejo.
Charles F. Burgman, who is to retire
from the office of great chief of records,
was before he accepted the position he
now fills a leader in labor movements.
He became a member of Modoc Tribe In
IS9] passed through the chairs and in 1892
he was sent to the Great Council and
was appointed on the committee on laws
and legislation. The following year he
was elected great chief of records and
has held the office ever since, having
made a most excellent official, doing
much by voice and pen, for he is the
editor of the official organ, to advance
the order. During his term twenty-five
new tribes were instituted, also eight
councils and the membership Increased
from -lee 1 - to the present number.
. ♦ ■>
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The monthly evening. at home given by
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George last Tuesday night was, as usual,
well attended, and it was an enjoyable
function, as those given by this lodge
always are. The committee of arrange
ment's presented a programme, that was
thoroughly appreciated. The numbers
were Instrumental solo, Miss Bryan;
recitation, Miss Ora Lambert: exhibition
of fancy dancing. Miss Frances Robin
son: coon songs. Miss Pansy Peterson,
guitar selections, Miss E. Holden. and vo
cal solo Miss Geneva Keaton. The
worthy president, Mrs. S. E. Johnson,
during the evening delivered n a very in
teresting address. Dancing and refresh
ments followed. .
THE DRUIDS.
The Journal of the pi dings ... tne
last held grand grove will be ready for
distribution in about ten days.
Magnolia Grove of Los Angeles was Re
cently reorganized with twenty-five mem
ber-. During the past week Laurel
Grove received two applications, Aurora
C.rove received three an.l initiated one
candidate Hesperian Grove initiated one
and Concordia ' Grove conferred the sec
ond and third degrees on three can.il
d Ob-ma Grove will give a picnic and ball
on the 4th of August at Olema. rhe
annua? picnic of Concordia Grove at
Stockton last Sunday was a decided suc
cess Past Grand Arches Gavagnaru and
Devoto and Grand Secretary Graves were
present. __
ems •
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
Last Mondav 'night High Chief Ranger
Boehm visited Court Oakland, and he
witnessed the work exemplified- by the
initiation of one candidate.
Last week the high chief ranger paid a
visit to Court Bournemouth.
Last Thursday night the high chief
r ',„,.,- high sub-chief ranger (J. Hender
son and th.- grand treasurer (G. W. bunt)
yaM an official visit to Court Tomal.s In
the town of that name. ■-
On Migust 19 the high chief ranger will
I. •■iw.'tlik city to-be absent six weeks on
a tour of visitations through itah, Colo
rado and Wyoming.
__— ■ ♦ ■ :
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
During the current week the officers of
Oakland Golden Rule and Martha lodges
will be Installed. Those of Pacific Lodge
w be Installed, on the Bth of August.
At the last Held meeting of Magnolia
Lodge the officers of the lodge were in
stalled by Deputy Grand Protector -Mrs.
Frances J. Williams. ' - _ •■..■
July 15 the officers of Bay City
I ode'e were installed, after which a
pleasant hour was spent by the member*
and Visitors.
ORDER CHOSEN FRIENDS.
During the past week Covenant Council
at Georgetown had work in the initiatory
degree and Ocean Gem Council- at Ocean
View received three applications.
Last Friday night Pacific Council of
this city was visited by the grand officers,
including Grand Councilor Savage, who
gage car, combination and buffet car
and two Pullman sleepers were piled
up on the tracks immediately in front
of wrecked freight cars.
The first sleeper was split into two'
parts as the result of the accident and •
the passengers were thrown thirty feet
down a bank. Fire at once broke out
and four cars of the express train, and
nine of the freight cars were burned.
Baggagemaster Becker, who found j
himself under the baggage car door,
recovered consciousness only to dis- '
cover that he was all alone in that part
of the wrecked passenger cars. He
managed to crawl from his position
only to lind a blaze starting in front of
him, while half of the cars were some
how braced up immediately over him. I
He called for assistance but there was
no response. Then he saw the passen- |
gers, who had been hurled down the i
thirty-foot embankment, endeavoring
to extricate themselves from the debris j
and make their way up the bank. All |
were clad only in their night clothing
and they were shivering with the cold,
some were bleeding and moaning and
all were dazed.
Members of the train crew com
menced to search different portions of j
the wreck and assisted those who were |
struggling to- escape. Blankets were j
brought in from the Pullman cars and
wrapped around shivering women and j
half-conscious men.
Word was telegraphed to Port- Jer- j
vis. A relief train was at once arrang- i
ed for and Dr. Cudeback, Dr. Swwirtout,
Dr. Johnson and several traine" . Urses
returned for the purpose of caring for
those needing immediate assistance.
The relief train soon reached the scene
of the accident and nearly all of the In- !
jured persons were removd to the hos- ;
pital.
Of the persons injured and now at I
the hospital, Bernard Shay of New Port i
Jervis, the engineer of the freight train,
and G. E. Betz of Cleveland are most J
seriously hurt, but their wounds are
not fatal. Mr. Betz is a stenographer j
in the office of Traffic Manager Thomas i
of the Erie system. i
Several thieves from Port Jervis. who |
it is supposed reached the scene of. the
wreck on the relief train, ransacked 1
the clothes of the passengers during I
the period of excitement. F. View, a
milliner decorator of New York, lost j
clothing containing $300 in bills and a i
gold watch. F. S. Kilpatrick of Denver j
lost $100, a gold watch, a diamond pin |
and a diamond stud. On the way to |
the hospital he noticed a man wearing:
his trousers. They went through the
pockets together but found the money
gone. The man said the trousers had
been given him by one ofr the train- j
men, but claimed that the money and
valuables must have been abstracted
before he received the present of the
garment. , '':-]_ ■-'■■■
After several hours' search the bodies
of Engineer Outwater and Fireman
Sells were found under their engine. ;
Both bodies had been burned to the
waist. Three persons are unaccounted
for. Two were from Cleveland and one
from Cattaraugus. It is believed that
they took refuge in the vicinity of the
wreck and that they will be heard from
later.
arrived in this city last Thursday morn
ing. -yy^"y':
■ ♦ ■
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST. ,'
Mazzini Circle at its last held meeting;
received five propositions from strangers ;
who wish to become members. ;
The- officers of [vanhoe Circle were In- ;
stalled on the 19th and those of Franklin I
on the 20th.
■ ♦ .
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST. j
Pioneer Lodge at its meeting last Tues- j
day added one to its membership by mi- j
tiation. !
Lincoln Lodge will have a fraternal (
meeting to-morrow night with Pioneer
Lodge. • j
NEW BELLAMY COLONY.
A Community From Which Lawyers
and Ministers Will Be Barred
George 1 1. Webster, a grocer of Nashua,
N. H.. is organizing a Bellamy colony.
Lawyers and preachers will be barred j
from membership. It will be located |
either in New Hampshire or .Massachu- I
setts. A committee has been appointed to i
select a site. Two colonies of Shakers I
at Shirley Village. Mass.. are about to
unite, and Mr. Webster hopes to obtain
One of their locations.
"I am a Socialist," he said. "While i
communities are not exactly a part of
the socialistic scheme, I believe In them I
thoroughly. I have been studying the |
subject for four years, and the idea ; of i
organizing a Bellamy colony in this city
originated with me. I started the move- j
ment about two months ago, and we have
gone so far as to appoint a committee- to
find a suitable site. The movement is |
not confined to Nashua people by any ;
means. It looks as though all New Eng- I
land and many of the Western States j
would be represented in the list of char- i
ter mem be 1
"The cost of stock lh the company is a |
matter on which I have figured a *-;■ >■ >< i I
deal. I think we shall place our shares I
at 1300 each. Possibly we may cut it I
down to $200. Bach charter member will j
j own one share of stock and no more. It's
right here that our colony will differ from 1
the Bellamy colony at Ruskin, Term.
! "There a share of stock costs $500. It ;
Is constantly increasing In value as the •
property of the community increases, and j
a man who goes in -day gets less for i
his money than a man who goes in next
fall and more than a man who went in
i last fall. 1 am trying to devise some
; sort of a plan to equalize the thing. -•'..:
"Each member will be required to de- |
! posit his money when he joins tin- colony. I
| We must buy land an.l the raw material [
for building houses, for each man in this i
community' will own a house and enough
to live on until we can raise our own
produce, if there Isn't enough money i
am willing to loan the colony . $1000 or
more without Interest, and l presume
there will be others in it who can and
will do the same thing. .: ;- -
"After we are on our feet we shall de
vise senile plan so able-bodied men can
come in without cash capital. We can't
do it on the start, though. Each member
of ill.- colony will have his house and his
board given him. For his labor he will
be paid In time cheeks, and the price of
all commodities sold by us to our own
members will be reckoned in hours.
"No money will be used between the
members, and of course everything sold
them -will I"- sold without profit at the j
actual cost."
Size of the Ocean.
. An observant man once remarked '
that most men seem to he as ignorant
about the size of the sea as they are of I
the distance between the heavenly
planets Here are a few facts: The Pa- ;
cific covers 68,000,000 miles, the Atlan- '
tic 30,000,000. and the Indian Ocean,
Arctic and Antarctic. 000,000.
To stow away the contents of the Pa
cific it would be necessary to fill a tank
one mile long, one mile wide and one '
mile deep every day for 440 years. Put i
in figures, the Pacific holds in weight
948.000.000,000,000,000,000 tons. The At
lantic averages a depth of not quite \
three miles. Its waters weigh 325,000,
--000,000.000,000 tons, and a tank to eon- |
tain it would have each of its sides j
430 miles long. The figures of the other -,
oceans are in the same startling pro- j
portions.
It would take all the sea water in the .
world 2,000,000 years to flow over Nia
gara. A tank to hold it would have to
measure nearly 1,000 miles long each of
its sides.— The Rival. . '
MISCELLANEOUS.
THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
Has Been Reduced to a
Science by Br. Aborn oi
554 Sutter Street.
After an absence of many years spent in
the East and abroad Dr. Ale. has re-
turned to this city and resumed the prac-
tice of his specialties at .v.4 Sutter street.
Dr. Ale.::' won considerable distinction
while here in 1869 and.in the early seven-
ties by his remarkable cures of Consump-
tion. His experience of many years in
other cities has enabled him to develop to
a marked degree his new treatment of dis-
eases of the head, throat and lungs. Dr.
Aborn's treatment gives immediate relief,
builds up and revitalizes the whole con-
stitution, fortifies the system against
colds and catarrhal affections, and by
preventing consumption prolongs life.
Dr. Aborn was greeted on his arrival
here a few weeks ago by several of his old
patients, all of whom he had rescued from
untimely graves. In numerous Instances
where consumptives were given up as
hopeless cases by well-known local physi-
cians Dr. Aborn succeeded in effecting
permanent cures and adding years of
health and happiness to the lives of the
afflicted. In his treatment of nasal ca-
tarrh, asthma and all bronchial affections.
Dr. Ah. an's efforts have been attended
with unusual success, artd in numerous In-
stance the cures effected by him were of
a brilliant character.
Dr. Aborn has spent over thirty years of
his life in the study and treatment of con-
sumption, catarrh, asthma, throat dis-
eases and all affections of the lungs, so
that to-day he is recognized in medical
circles as an absolute authority on all
questions pertaining to these subjects. his
Offices at 554 Sutter street have been
thronged since his arrival and each suc-
ceeding day adds to the number and bril-
liance of his achievements.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
! MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A (Ife 1051 KASSST ST. Ist. 64474, S.P.W. 6
V Qf The Laicc I Anatomical Museum in the _
A '_jL_ World. Weaknesses or any comtact:d A
- tfeC x^__ft disease pe-*«---lyfly cured hy the oldest _
0 jjflgj SSI Specialist cv the Coast Est. 36 years. V
A ___^l DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ tjtflblkH Consultation free and strictly private V
M m Ifflfl llment personally or by letter. A A
tf _ fr Si Eg *'"" "'" Cure in every case undertaken. T
Anil 111* tVnt.fnrn-eilc.Pllll.Otinl-BYrri
yM I 111 MAllill.%4'l-.. MAILED free. (AY
V J! tl- valuable book for nra) i
f OS« .JUBD.tK A CO.. 1051 Market. St.. S. F. f
__\ xjpm _\__\ __%-_*_£_._% W^Mi ___
. — . Eamß&Ba_B_ra_o|
/^^SgftjA DR. MEYERS & CO. %
I^EST Cure all Disease and Wea'<- 1
/_W __? 1 n *" s °' * ' ''- E s '»t> lish "" : ' '8 A
Ixs *29& 1 >•»•*•• Pfy when cured. S
; [ 'I*s **j I Hctr.e C'jre3 s specialty. Free \ [
\ / book for men. Call or write H
\ _y^__ff ' 731 MARKET ST., 8. ¥ - I
v-S^_3 , sd_"y- f Elevator entrance. X
Maww j»,Ji_WJ*twiMifimjt_«l
>T^yy?y* <J i^S
SELBORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This FChool will reopen on August 23, with
i han<l«ion-e new buildings heated by steam an!
Ilphted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
-1 rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
; end floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
1 stoves no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
' approach to a flre-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prln-
' cIpaLKKV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San
j Rafael. _.
I HOITT'S SCHOOL,
I MEM." PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAfe..
i is rebuilding with all modern improvement*.
I Will be thoroughly equipped and begin It*
I ninth year August lith. Beautiful surround-
'- ings, home influences. Offers superior advan-
: tage* for the care and thorough training of
i boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN VATEO, CAL— FOUNDED A. D. lsfi*.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
' For cataiocuo and lllustrat-d circular addresa
REV. W. A BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTSE DAME.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2. 1539.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
ALfIiVIEDA.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY. August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON. Principal^
ST, MARY'S COLLEGE,
STUDIES WILL BE RESUMED AT ST.
Mary's College Tuesday, Auk. 1. st 10 a. m.
TRINITY SCHOOL,
OOAA WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AIT,.
I OOUlf 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
I versHy: twentv-secon-l year: corps of 11 pro-
fp._ S r.r"'« Accredited with the University. For
I catalogue of lnfor"g«on Saldino, Rector .
flam ii School aid Van Ness Seminary,
a O A O, JACKSON, COR. GOUGH ST., S. F.
lo4y Boarding and day school for girls.
Accredited by the University, of Call. ornla.
Ot.en» August 14. 1599. Send for prospectus, ,
upen- Au k g Vi; v;; D. HAMLIN. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
ce'ect boarding and day school for young
I ladies 212S California St.. San Francisco. Will
! reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pr -
' mary department for children. Carriage will
gall . REV. EDWARD CHURCH. A. M. ,
Mll.i.S COLLEGE AND SEMINARY-Grants
I diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
-1 tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
i One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to MRS C. T. MILLS President,
Mills College Postofflce, Alameda 1 cunty,
Cal Thirty-third year. Fall term opens Au-
gust _
HOLMES - College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred: day and evening classes. Address sec-
' retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg, 3. W.
56
MONDAY JULY 31 , 1899
/OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main I?6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mnln IST*.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERB. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Ma!'. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.0<
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months 1.50,
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Sc
BUNDAY CALL One Year *"50
WEEKLY CALL One Year ••• !•<*>
AH postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
- Sample copies will be forwarded when re<rue6ted.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadwoj
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advet-tislnfi, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squaro
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE »
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bhertnaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hones; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
•CurraeT HiU HoteL ;
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
d. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Mootgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California,— "One of Our Girls."
— "Heartsease."
— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Aida."
Alcazar— "Romeo and Juliet."*
Orand Opera House— "Boccaccio.**
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
End evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
> -
AUCTION SALES.
By William Butterfield— Monday, July 31, at 11 o'clock,
Furniture, at 1122 Tine street.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day at 11 a. m., at 2232
Broadway, Furniture.
By Easton. Eldridge & Tuesday, August 1, at 12
O'clock, Real Estate, at 638 Market street.
• By Chase & Mendenhall— August 3, at 11 o'clock.
Horses at 1732 Market street.
By Yon Rhein & Co.— Thursday. August 15, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 513 California street.
HALCYON TIMES IN TRADE.
GENERAL trade continues without especial fea
ture. Conditions established long ago still
prevail; and from one shore of the country to j
the other there is but one report of continuous pros
perity. The bank clearings for the past week showed
a gain of 43.2 per cent over the same week in 1898,
and Milwaukee and Buffalo were the only two cities
of importance to exhibit a falling off. The failures '
were 151, against 225 for the corresponding week in
1898. This story is repeated with such unvarying mo
notony week after week that it no longer excites re
mark We are getting so accustomed to prosperity ,
that we accept it as a matter of course.
The staples have not abated a whit of their firm
ness. Lumber is firm and the demand is so active .
that building operations are reported hindered in con
sequence. Dry goods continue in active fall demand, ;
and woolens are also moving off well. The manu
facturers arc purchasing wool more freely in conse
quence of the improved call for the manufactured
product. Cotton goods are stronger as a rule, in
spite of cheap cotton, and the market is in fair shape, 1
The leather market is characterized by a scarcity of
stock, and at Chicago a combination of packers has
advanced the price of hides so that many tanners are
leaving that market. Boots and shoes sympathize
with the firmness in leather and hides, and the ship
ments in July were the heaviest ever known. The.
iron industry continues to make a brilliant showing.
Though the output of pigiron during the first half of
1899 was the heaviest ever known it was insufficient \
for the immense demand, and the stock on hand to- j
day is less than it was on the first of the year, or even I
Et this time last year. In addition, the product for the j
last half of the year is said to be all booked. The
glass trade is also in fine condition, said to be the best
for many years. And thus it goes, all along the line.
Conditions in California, like those in the East,
remain unchanged. With the exception of hay all
farm products are in good demand at remunerative
prices. While grain is not high, the quotations, tak- I
ing the cereal markets as a whole, are above the nor
mal, while the demand is generally good. Fruit is !
still bringing fancy prices, and the usual midsummer
glut in fresh fruit is not as pronounced as usual, owing
to the enormous shipments to the Eastern markets,
■which have removed much of the surplus. The can- j
ring demand is also sharp, and much of the output j
rf California canned fruit was sold to the East and ;
Europe before the fruit was ripe. As for the dried
product, the fall prospects are brilliant, quotations for :
most descriptions being high, with promise of a fur- |
ther advance later on. It may be years before we j
have another such fruit year. Hops are in active re- J
quest at fine prices, but the growers are generally re
fusing to sell. Wool keeps up and is very firm, while
the livestock market is all that could be desired by
the most exacting stock raiser. The activity in pro- '
visions continues and every few days there* is an ad- j
\ance in something or other.
Wholesalers in general merchandise report a steady
and active business, and there are no complaints about
profit margins. The export trade of the port is lively
and exporters are still complaining of the dearth of
vessels to carry away the goods. A further advance
in lumber sufficiently indicates the state of this indus
try. In short, business is now what it ought to be:
active, without undue speculation, with prices which
admit of a fair and sure profit. These are halcyon
times in trade, and we should make the best of them,
for commerce, like man, has its periods of elevation
and depression, and the wise man makes hay while
the sun shines.
The dispatches declare that Governor Gage has
"rebelled" against his master Burns. It is more than
_. probable that the wrong word has been used and that
a kick judiciously placed will land his Excellency back
in the traces.
. .
Count Castellane's ability as a yachtsman seems to
be on an equality of failure as his craft as a conspira
tor. He very easily lost the first race for the French
cup. - -
THE REIGN OF LAWLESSNESS.
ON Thursday last, at Wallace, Shoshone County,
Idaho, Paul Corcoran was convicted of mur
der in the second degree for having associated
himself with a thousand miners., some of whom on
April 29, 1899, destroyed property at Wardner and,
in connection with that crime, killed a man named
James Cheyne. \ .
This simple fact proves that the ordinary adminis
tration of the law was amply sufficient to deal with the
situation produced at Wardner by the mob which
perpetrated the outrage, thus partly redressed, and
fully justifies the comments of The Call upon the reign
of terror established through the co-operation of the
civil and of the military authorities. In the first in
stance, in order to overawe and control so large a
body of men, only a portion of whom seem to have
been actual participants in violence, there probably
was sufficient excuse for temporary military interfer
ence. But it is now quite apparent that the declaration
and the maintenance of martial law, the censorship
over the press and the telegraph, the arrest of hun
dreds of citizens without the formality of accusation
or warrant, the exertion of undue pressure for the
production of testimony, and all the other arbitrary
proceedings that have been so widely criticized
throughout the country, were absolutely without pos
sible justification or palliation.
The deeper and more alarming condition, how
ever, that the proceedings in Idaho illustrate, is the
growing -prevalence of lawlessness throughout the
United States. Believing, as it does, that the Republi
can party, especially in these days of socialistic fusion,
represents Americanism fn its highest sense, The Call
has persistently maintained the inherent rights of citi- •
zens and insisted upon the administration of our polit
ical system in strict conformity with fundamental law,
as interpreted and applied for nearly a century and a
quarter. For years the breach between capital and
labor has gradually widened and there have been pre
monitory symptoms of disturbance that could only
be met by that equality before the law which, in the
centers of political corruption, has come to be treated
as cant. But after all there is a balance in our insti
tutions and a self-adjusting element in- our people
fully commensurate with any exigencies that existed
before our war with Spain, and, which, it may be
added, will most likely be adequate to control existing
and new complications.
The situation, however, is dangerous and perplex
ing. Coincidently with the development of imperial
istic tendencies, contempt for the law has enormously
increased. Thomas Babington Macaulay more than
fifty years ago predicted that, before the end of the
century, there would be bread riots in New York.
This prediction has not been literally, but it has been
substantially, verified. A brief allusion to a few of the
incidents that have transpired within the last few
months will induce serious reflection and may result
in strengthening the public opinion that rules this
continent more effectively than any other part of the
civilized world.
The lynchings that have been so prevalent in the
South— in both the Carolinas, in Mississippi, in Geor
gia, in Texas and in other States where the equilib
rium between the whites and the blacks is barely
maintained — rest on their own peculiar ground. The
outrages that provoke them and the lynchings them
selves are evidences of lawlessness suggestive of a
race antagonism and of a race problem that ought to
produce some hesitation among the advocates of Ha
waiian cheap labor and of the conquest of the Filipi
nos. The worst feature of these departures from law
and order are the insecurity they establish in the lo
calities where they occur and the injury they inflict
upon popular government. The United States has
already paid an indemnity to China. It is now about
to acknowledge the legality of the claim for the lives
of three Italians summarily taken at Tallulah, Louisi
ana. These experiences are valuable, because they
show that, by universal recognition, law is the essence
of civilization.
But the most significant breaches of that discipline,
without which great populations cannot live together
in harmony and in prosperity, are those which involve
our white citizens and result from the intense antag
onism of labor against capital. It has been recently
observed by the Iron Age of New York that the
slightest pretexts are seized upon as a justification for
strikes and that labor is both scarce and uneasy. In
dustrial and capitalistic unions, held within the just
limitations of the law, are equally unobjectionable.
Their policy is one thing — legality is quite
another. Associated capital, in some of its forms, has
sought to control legislation, to influence the courts
and to rule the national policy. Imperialism, to the
extent to which it really exists, is a product of this j
tendency. The accumulation of money, by honest
means, is not merely proper but laudable. This truth
is almost universally admitted among American citi
zens of all classes, including the preponderating num
bers in labor organizations. But capital, employed
corruptly, works silently, insidiously, remorselessly
and without force except when it needs military as
sistance, and, even in those emergencies, it usually
keeps within the technicalities of the law. It thus pro
vokes coarser violations of peace and of order. Lat
terly almost every strike, even against the protesta
tions of its leaders, has been accompanied by violence.
The public is becoming familiar with the use of dyna-
I mite, with attacks upon property that harm the inno
| cent more than the guilty, with a state of menacing
j exasperation that necessitates relief.
The examples of these propositions are too numer
ous and too recent for recapitulation. New York,
1 Ohio, Illinois and Kansas are among the most impor
! tant. In Illinois and in Kansas the attempt to substi
| tute negroes for white laborers added fuel to the fire.
I In Cleveland the strike for a brief period almost as
i sumed the proportions of an insurrection. It is true
; that these insubordinate exhibitions have been thus
far suppressed. But they have been most destructive
; in the actual injuries and losses they have entailed and
'. most serious in the evidences they supply of deep-
I seated rancor and of disregard of the protection to life,
! to liberty and to property that is the core of the Amer
ican system of government.
Philosophers, political economists, statesmen and
! journalists may speculate as they please upon this im-
I peded but spreading reign of lawlessness. The remedy,
however, is intelligible, simple and just. It is merely,
; the equal enforcement of constitutional obligations.
Imperialism and all other revolutionary projects that
I represent greed and rapacity must be abandoned.
[ Capital must be restrained from fraud and labor from
' the forcible exercise even of its legal rights. The
: Government, in all its phases, must be administered
'. upon an American and not upon a European founda
tion. These are the prescriptions that, if applied, will
I reach and extirpate the disease that has become almost
I epidemic in the country and place American citizens,
j without distinction of class or position, upon the basis
I of legal equality
B GLANCE AT $ CRITIC.
A LITERARY agnostic, monopolized by the Ex
aminer, devoted a long article yesterday to a
criticism of the views of The Call upon the life
and character of the late Robert G. Ingersoll. It
THE SAN FJR AN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1899.
would be useless to point out his failures or refusals
to comprehend the meaning of his pared and carefully
selected quotations from the article he attempted to
dissect and of the nature and of the functions of the
syllogism. One example, however, may be men
tioned. The Call assumed that belief in fraternity
was inconsistent, with the denial of the existence of
God. The deepest reasoners of this age and of former
ages, representing all shades of religion and of irre
ligion, have unanimously conceded that universal
brotherhood necessarily involved the existence of
universal fatherhood, and, therefore, of God. The Call
takes no sides on this question, but, under both the
inductive and deductive systems of reasoning, is
forced to acknowledge the inference or the illation
from the assumed premises.
The manner of the criticism is peculiar to its writer.
For many years, in his numerous controversies, when
expressing his opinion of the other side, the ass has
been his favorite simile. In. fact, his compositions
have largely increased the interest in that useful do
mestic animal. Whether in the instance before us. he
had in his mind the renowned ass of Balaam, which
spoke words of wisdom and tried to prevent that tem
porarily deluded prophet from making a fool of him
self, we are unable to determine. But there are some
facts about the ass that it would be apposite for him to
recall. An ass rarely loses his temper and never acts
under dyspeptic influences. An ass is distinguishable
from a mule, so far as judgment is concerned, by the
circumstance that it seldom kicks, but when it does it
always hits. Another peculiarity of the ass is that it
is the most successful diplomatist among animals and,
in tact and in acumen, easily surpasses many human
critics. The bray of an ass sometimes appears out of
place, but it frequently destroys the gravity of a
situation and it is quite as coherent and louder and
more effective than the subdued roar that occasionally
projects itself from within the skin of a counterfeit
lion.
OUR UNRIVALED NEWS SERVICE.
ONCE more The Call has demonstrated the
superiority of its news service over that of all
its contemporaries and competitors by being
first to give information of great importance and of
world-wide interest. The demonstration was accom
plished yesterday by the exclusive publication of the
report of the Samoan Commissioners on the condi
tion of affairs in the islands and the steps that have
been taken to establish a stable government.
This news affects the interests of three sreat nations
the United States, Germany and Great Britain —
and is a matter of concern to all who have dealings
with the commerce of the South Pacific Ocean. The
attention of the world has been for a long time di
rected to the Samoan Islands, and, as is well known,
the crisis there at one time threatened to interrupt the
friendly relations of the three powers. Such being
the case all intelligent men have been eager to learn
what the commission would do, and all great journals
that make any pretense to legitimate news-gathering
have been on the alert to get the information as early
as possible.
The success of The Call in this, as in other cases,
is due to the fact that while it expends neither money
nor energy for fakes, it spares neither to obtain reli
able news from all quarters of the globe. A gaudy
fictitious interview with the Pope, the Emperor of
China or the Ahkoond of Swat, is easily concocted,
i and requires little expenditure of either brains or coin.
but to be first in obtaining information concerning
great events is a different matter. The Call has re
peatedly accomplished successes in that way widen
; fully attest its superiority as a legitimate news-gath
! erer over all rivals.
FLOURISHING, BUT MENACED.
SECRETARY WILSON in the course of an in
terview published in The Call yesterday gave
some very gratifying information of the rapid
advance of the sugar beet industry in the United
j States. In. the course of his statement he said:
"Last fall we had nineteen factories in the entire
United States for the manufacture of beet sugar. This
fall we will have fully fifty. They are being built in
the States of New York and New Jersey for the most
part, though there are some going up in other States
as well. One is in progress of construction in Minne
sota, one in each of the Pacific Coast States, one has
been completed at Ogden, Utah, and another is now
going up at Grand Junction, Colo."
As an illustration of the extent to which the industry
can be expanded in this country without exceeding
the present demand for sugar, the Secretary went on
to say: "We bought 18.000,000 tons last year. That
is about the total amount produced in Germany. The
purchases we made were contracted for in Germany,
France, Belgium and Holland. To offset the neces
sity for purchasing abroad and to produce all that
would be needed for consumption in this country
would require the operation of about two hundred fac
tories, which could be built at an average cost of
about $500,000 apiece. It would require from one mil
lion to one million and a half acres on which to grow
the beets."
That is certainly a splendid outlook for American
agriculture and American capital. To cultivate 1.500,
--000 acres of land and to construct and to operate 200
factories at an average cost of $500,000 each means
a great deal of work for a great many men. Unfor
tunately over that flourishing prospect there is the
menacing cloud of imperialism. Secretary Wilson did
not call it a cloud, he did not call it imperialism, he
did not call it a menace. Those words are ours, and
must not be attributed to him, even by indirection,
but the Secretary said:
"As near as can be ascertained by sending an agent
to the Caribbean Sea Islands it costs tne people of
those places 2 cents per pound to produce their sugar.
Where the pulp from the factory is wasted or fed to
cheap steers, it costs the people of the United States
about 3J4 cents per pound to get their sugar from
the beet, the returns depending in a great measure
on the disposition that is made of the pulp."
In that statement we have a revelation of a menace,
though the Secretary does not call it so. If by a fool
ish imperial policy we annex Porto Rico and Cuba
in the Caribbean Sea and add to them the Phil
ippines, where labor is cheaper still, and admit the
product of their labor to our markets, how can this
flourishing agricultural industry continue to thrive?
With raw" sugar costing about 2 cents a pound
brought from the Philippines and from the islands of
the Caribbean Sea, where it has been produced by
what is virtually slave labor, the sugar trust, the great
sugar refineries can continue their operations, but
what will become of the American beet grower and
the factories established to refine the product of
American fields?
There may be a profit in imperialism to somebody,
but there is none in it for the American farmer or the
American workingman.
.Welcome to the returning volunteers, y r '-*c <
BIG CALIFORNIA
MINING AFFAIRS
Big mining enterprises are appearing
pretty rapidly these days In California
amid the host of smaller operations in
the way of buying, bonding, prospecting
and developing new and old mines, the
constant formation of new companies, the
rustling about of agents and promoters,
the awakening to new life of old mining
camps and the planting of fresh ones
amid ore-ribbed hills.
The sale last week of the great and
famous Mariposa grant," in Mariposa
County, to London capitalists is the big
gest and best thing announced in the Cal
ifornia mining world in a good while, and
it will make Mariposa County leap for joy.
The expenditure of a large amount of
money in prospecting and developing the
mining properties of the estate will fol
low. The sale means new life to Mari
posa County and t.he development of sev
eral producing mines.
This magnificent estate, a principality
in extent and richness, comprises about
seventy square miles, or over 44,000 acres
of territory, irregular in shape and with
the town site of Mariposa, the county
seat, inside of it. It was originally ac
quired from Mexican grantees by John C.
Fremont, the pathfinder. Fremont lacked
capital and the estate had a hard financial
career for many years. It finally passed
to the joint ownership of Senator J. P.
Jones of Nevada and his brother, _->
Jones, J. AY. Mackay, Alvinza Hayward
and his partner Hobart, whose share be
came part of the Hobart estate. These
owners composed the Mariposa Mining
an.l Commercial Company.
Valuable mines were developed on it in
early days, and $4,000,000 was taken out of
the Josephine, which was never opened
below 600 feet. Other valuable or promis
ing mines on the estate have been the
Pine Tree, Princeton, Mariposa, Mount
Ophir, Texas, Lewis, Ludwig and Georgi
ana, besides a large number of other pros
pects partly or slightly developed. Put
there has been no production or develop
ment work worth speaking of on any or.
the mining properties of the estate for
over thirty years. The millionaires who
last owned it let it lie idle from year to
year. It is said that Mackay and Jones
wished to exploit the property, but the
other owners would not join in putting up
the money. _
Besides the splendid mineral possibili
ties and promises, it is magnificently tim
bered and watered, with a considerable
area of agricultural lands. It has for
many years been looked upon as a prop
erty with a splendl future. During all the
long years that it has lain nearly as un
productive as when the Indians roamed
Its forests it has been the incubus of Mar
iposa County, which has hoped and wait
ed for the coming of moneyed redeemers.
About two years ago the Exploration
Company of London bought Alvinza Hay
ward's one-sixth interest, on the basis of
$1,000,000 for the entire property. It stood
ready to take all the rest at that valua
tion but the others would not sell. Ham
ilton Smith and H. C. Perkins, well-known
Californians who have been successfully
operating In London, South Africa and
elsewhere for years, and Thomas Mem
of San Francisco engineered the deal.
and, with London investors, put tip the
money in unknown proportions. Messrs.
Smith and Perkins have at last succeed
ed in buying out all the other interests.
The price paid is not given out, but the
total initial investment undoubtedly ex
ceeds U. 000,000. _.„ , ,
Last week the Mariposa Mining and
Commercial Company was reorganized
with the following directors: Thomas
Mem president and manager; 11. H. lay
lor vice-president; J. H. Mooser, secre
tary • 11. C. Perkins and Mr. Gorham.
Thomas Mem, who will direct operations
here, states that the property will be vig
orously exploited and on a large seal.-.
The first thing to be done will be to find
out what has been bought. It seems that
none too much is known just now about
mines that were opened In the . past,
for many years ago the surveys, reports,
etc., concerning them were burned, and
the knowledge of the condition of the
mines at the last working is largely le
gend. ~g£ _
Before any definite plans are laid much
time and money will be spent in clean
ing out old workings or sinking new
shafts on several of the properties. They
will be prospected at much greater depth
than has yet been reached. This means
large expenditures, the employment of a
good many men and a general awaken
ing of the old* "grant." These opera
tions will begin this summer. Meantime
the possibilities of power development,
already pretty well worked out, will be
canvassed. There is every promise that
the future will see flourishing mines and
extensive operations, and the remoteness
of the property from transportation fa
cilities brings a probable future railroad
into view. The development of the grant
will react on the rest of that great min
eral region and greatly stimulate its de
velopment. The new company has at Its
back unlimited capital for judicious in
vestment, and is composed of men who
do not do things half way.
The operations of the Melones Mining
Company, near Robinsons Kerry, Cala
veras County, is one of the big new min
ing ventures being watched with much
interest, not only on account of their
scale, but on account of the methods and
experiments attending them. A new tun
nel 5000 feet long and a new 120-stamp
mill are among the features of the devel
opment and plant in which the company
is investing $325,000 before production, in
addition to a similar amount paid for the
properties, which comprise 51130 feet on
the middle vein and 1300 feet on the east
vein of the lode, and include the Melones,
Reserve, Enterprise, Mineral Mountain.
Last Chance. Stanislaus and Keystone
mines, besides several placer claims and
mill sins. It is one of the greatest low
grade propositions in the United States,
and derives added importance from that
fact.
An interesting experiment is now going
on to determine the practicability Of dis
pensing with concentration and treating
the pulp as it comes from the plates by
the cyanide process. Following prelim
inary tests a ten-ton experimental
cyanide plant has been Installed to work
the ore by this method. So far the re
sults have been satisfactory, but no de
cision on the method has been reached.
This practice has obtained In South
Africa, but has never before been tried
in California.
W. C. Ralston, who has scored a bril
liant success by taking hold of. abandoned
old properties which have been frequent
ly, reported on adversely and securing
abundant Eastern capital to put them on
an assuredly profitable -king basis, is
the manager of the operations. He -gives
the following account of their present
status:
"The grading for the site of the 120
--stamp mill will be finished in ten days.
The milling machinery is ordered. The
stamps will weigh 900 pounds and drop
seven inches 103 times a minute. There
will be six No. 5 Gates rock crushers. The
air-compressing plant will -be capable of
operating twenty machine drills. There
will be an electric haulage plant to carry
the 01-e 5000 feet through the tunnel and
then 1000 feet to the mill. The new tunnel
is now in 700 feet and, making 8 feet per
day through hard rock. ■.;__-
"Water-power will be gained through a
12,500-foot flume, seven feet wide and four
feet high, Inside measurement, which will
carry 6000 inches of water, delivering it
at a 54-foot head and furnishing -120 horse
power. Three thousand feet of the flume
is completed. The water is taken from a
Cyclopean concrete dam in the Stanislaus,
30 feet high and 300 feet long on the top,
curved up stream and 25 feet wide at the
base. The construction of the mill is not
being rushed, as it cannot be used until
the tunnel is driven. Development work
preparing the mine for the sloping is be
ing carried on through shafts. Mining
and milling will begin about next April.
We now- employ 220 men and will employ
250 when mining begins. We expect to
mill GOO tons of ore a day.
"The ore body as now developed shows
ore reserves of nearly 700,000 tons. It is
low-grade, averaging from $3 50 to $4.
The new tunnel will add 230,000 tons to the
reserves."
It has been estimated that with the
large and perfect plant being installed
mining and milling can be clone for $1 73
or less per ton. There is much ore run
ning $2 a ton or less and much running a
good deal higher, and the ore reserves
in sight averaging $3 50 to 54, spoken of by
j Mr. Ralston, and containing about $3,000.
--000 worth of gold, are but a fraction of the
great ore deposits in this property. In
1597 an ore body 27 feet wide and probably
1200 feet long was developed. Much
wider ore bodies exist as well as richer
ones. The Melones yielded nearly $1,000,000
in the '60' s from an open cut along the
wide ledge. The capital stock of the com
jam' is $2,000,000 in $10 shares. It is quoted
in the Boston Stock Exchange at $5, but j
none is on the market.
California building stones are to have a j
splendid and special opportunity at tne
Paris Exposition. The United States ex
hibit is to be fronted by a big facade or ;
worthy architectural design, to be made
up of United States building stones, Ihe
variety of color as well as material ana
design will make it a notable feature ot
the mining department of the exposition.
When Victor C. Hickes was here,
Charles G. Yale, in charge of the Cali
fornia mining exhibit, proposed among
other things a plan in this connection
which should give California building
stones special prominence. One sugges
tion was to use for windows some of Cali
fornia's translucent onyx. Inquires dv .
mall have resulted in the following
to Secretary Gaskill from the office of
Commissioner Peck, granting exceptional
15 "Can grant exceptional space in facade (
for California building stones prepared
under our direction, to be used in con
struction and entered for award, vv in
send plans, etc., on the return of M- !
Skiff. Also special cases for gold, smer,
mercury, asphaltum and borax. But cop
per and petroleum may possibly be as
signed in respective groups Have granted |
space for model quartz mill.
Secretary J. J. Crawford of the Gwin
Mine Development Company .„ re turnta
from the mine on Saturday; still feting
good over the big find of a rich new v «*°
at 1570 feet. The new vertical shaft has
reached 1000 feet, and will not leave the
vein for some time. He reports that last
week all the rock taken out in sink ng
was run through the mill without sorting
the vein matter from that of the walls.
It milled $5 a ton. As the shaft is B, feet .
wide and the vein 2 feet, but a quarter ,
of the rock milled was ore, making the ;
ore on a milling test average $-0 a .ton.
The ore was not picked out because the
arrangement of the plant made the opera
tion more expensive than mil ing even
thing. A crosscut will he run to the west
to the new vein at the 1200 level and |
when the inclined vein is cut below _lboo
•feet crosscuts at each level to the main
vein to the east will Intersect the new
vein.
Southern California is as wide awake in
the mining line as any other part or
the State, and progress is rapid. The Los
Angeles Mining Review sums up the Pres
ent situation in its last number, saying in
'•"-It is computed that there are over
4000 mines and prospects in Southern Cali
fornia. Two years ago it was computed
that there were 145 stamp mills in south- I
era California. Adding those which have
been erected since, not including cyanide
plants, brings the number up to lb4. lhese
mills have 1140 stamps, the majority of ,
which are kept busy. There are eleven
cyanide plants in operation, and the num
ber is being rapidly increased. -There are ,
also several Huntington mills, besides
arastras, concentrating plants, etc. There
are thirty-eight regularly organized mm- :
ing districts in Southern California, /here \
are also seven others, commonly spoken of
as mining districts, but which have not .
been organized as such, .in 1897 the value ;
of the mineral production of Southern
California was estimated at $o,t_Bo.W's. in i
1898 the value of its mineral production
was computed at $7,600,000. '
The suit brought by the Anti-Debris As- j
sociation in the name of Sutter County to
restrain the Red Dog gravel mine of Ne
vada County from operating under a per
mit from the Calif.. Debris Commis
sion has, on motion of the defendants,
been transferred to the Lnlted States Cir- |
cult Court at San Francisco, where it be
longs. The California Miners Association
will provide a vigorous defense in behalf
of the hydraulic mining industry and the j
Caminetti law. This court last year up
held the law in the issue raised by trie ,
North Bloomfield Company.
A company of San Francisco and Sac
ramento men is engaged in turning from
Its bed the South Fork of the American
River at Missouri Bar to mine the oar.
A dam ten feet high and a flume 400 feet
long 16 feet wide and 8 feet deep are be- |
ing constructed. An attempt to .work
this bar in the fifties failed, and it re
mains unworked, with good promises ■ of ;
richness if the stage of water remains
'The mother lode- section of Tuolumne
County pays half the county's taxes.
Within four months $8000 has been taken
from F. B. Smith's pocket mine near
Camp Seco. One nugget weighed JIaOO.
A branch of the Sierra Railroad is to ,
be built to Angels Camp. Calaveras
County. from Jamestown, passing the
Rawhide mine and Robinsons Perry, fol
lowing the mother lode. It is to be fin
ished by December 30. Every branch
railroad' Into the mining regions means
much to the mining industry.
Alameda County has a quartz gold
mine. It is in Hays Canyon, back of
Mountain View Cemetery, and a com
pany has gone to work on it.
The Heskeil copper mine, I* res no Coun
ty has been sold for $25,000 to the English .
syndicate that bought the Copper King
mine in that county. A New "\ork com
pany is developing the Youngs Valley
copper ledge in Del Norte County.
New pottery works are to be estab-' i
lished at Carbondale. Amador County,
where there is a bed of potter's clay.
The Merced Mining Company will add !
twenty t.i its forty stamps at Coulter- j
ville, "sink 500 feet further in the Mary
Harrison and put in an electric plant.
J. O. DENNY.
AROUND TOE
CORRIDORS
A. T. C. Thornett of Bombay, India,
is at the Palace.
E. N. Cox. the Madera banker, ls stay
ing at the Palace.
J. * F. Devendorf of San Jose is regis
tered at the Grand.
Rev. J. O. Lincoln has come up from
San Mateo and is at the Occidental.
Edward de la Costa, a big cattleman of
Santa Barbara, is a guest at the Lick.
L. W. Moultree, one of the leading af- j
torneys of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick, j
.A. P. McGinnls, a prominent politician '■
of Eos Angeles, is registered at the Pal
ace.
• Lieutenant J. E. Cann, U. S. N., is one J
of yesterday's naval arrivals at the Occi- j
dental.
J. C. Fraser, one of the best known cit- j
izens of Stockton, is staying at the Occi- j
dental.
H. Pierce, a merchant of Hongkong, j
was one of last night's arrivals at the i
Palace.
• ; J. M. Russell is registered at the Palace j
from India. He came in on the China j
steamer.
T. Regan, a mining man of Boise City, I
Idaho, is at the Lick accompanied by his
two sons.
Professor H. W. Wiley. of Washington,
D. C, is one of the late arrivals at the
Occidental. . _ \ ". . ; \-
W. E. Rodgers. a mining man of
Bakersfield, is at the Lick, accompanied
by his wife.
James Clark, who has extensive lumber
interests at Sisson, is one of the late ar-
I rivals at the Russ.
R. I. Bently, a well-known lawyer of
Sacramento, is at the Lick on a short
business trip to the city.
H. H. Hunter, one of the leading mer
chants of Yreka, Is a guest at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday.
Dr. T. J. Cox, one of the foremost phy
sicians of Sacramento, is among the re
cent arrivals at the Grand.
Colonel and Mrs. George W. McFarland
arrived yesterday from Honolulu. They
are staying at the California.
Henry Burns, a wealthy mining man of
San Antonio, Texas, is at the Lick on a
short business trip to this city.
William M. Masson, a prominent poli
tician and resident of Washington, D. C,
is registered at the Occidental.
. Charles Beresford, a member oi the fa
mous Beresford family, arrived yesterday
from India and went to the California.
Clinton B. Hale, the Santa Barbara cap
italist, has returned from his recent trip
to Honolulu, and is staying at the Occi
dental.
Julius Behvend, a traveler from Mos
cow, Russia, Is a guest at the Palace,
where he arrived last evening from the
China steamer. '_____*."
Jules C. Charpentier, French Consul at
Mazatlan, is a guest at the Palace, where,
|he arrived yesterday from his Central
j American home.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Low of Brooklyn,
i N V are registered at the Palace. Mr.
I Dow is the brother of ex-Mayor Seth Low
of New York. He comes out to the coast
for the double purpose of visiting rela
tives and indulging in a little recreation
and sight-seeing. With Mr Low comes
' Rev. Alexander Vance, one of the leading
clergymen of Brooklyn.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
There are 45 flag officers. 1760 line and
: staff officers and 41,536 men in the French
1 navy.
In the German navy the personnel now
numbers 26,651, against 24,906 last year. The
line and staff officers number So 2, en
gineers 128 and cadets 327.
The keel of the third battleship of the
! Kaiser Frederick der Grosse type has just
been laid at Wilhelmshafen. The new
! ship will have sixteen inches more beam
than her prototype.
An order for 250,000 rounds of unfilled
shells for 12-inch and 13.*>-lnch guns is be
ing filled by contracts for the British
navy. At the royal arsenal at Woolwich
! 1500 pounds of lyditeis being used daiij
j in the charging of shells.
Two Portuguese cruisers, San Gabriel and
I San Ramon, of 1800 tons, respectively . have
been completed by contract at Havre.
They "have engines of French make and
water tube boilers of the Normand-Segan
dv type, developing 2600 horsepower un
der natural draught and 4000 under forced
; draught. The San Gabriel made la-<o
\ knots and 17.33 knots under the above con
j ditions. . .
The terrible accident to the British tor
| pedo-boat destroyer Bullfinch on July "Jl,
' which resulted in the loss of nine lives,
| was duly telegraphed, but a somewhat
i similar accident to another boat of that
! type on July 12 has been kept quiet. For-
I tunately no lives were lost, but eight were
! more or less scalded. . The boat, named
'■ Lee was on her trial trip when one of
the ' cylinder heads blew out, throwing
a quantity of steam on the men in the
engine room. Four of these had to be
sent ashore to an infirmary.
A small cruiser named Baseir was re
cently built by Orlando Brothers, Leg
horn," for the Sultan of Morocco. She
was ostensibly intended for the suppres
sion of piracy, and a clause in the con
tract stipulated that the vessel should be
! manned by not less than one-half Euro
! pean. When the Baseir was ready for sea
! the Morocco authorities backed out from
I the agreement as to composition of the
; crew, and the Italian Government, appre
hending that the mission of the cruiser
| was the encouragement of piracy rather
■ than its suppression, canceled the contract
■ arid the vessel was sold to Venezuela.
-'..■-■
The three Chinese torpedo boats polic
• ing the West River to protect merchant
: shipping against piracy have proved
j worse than a failure. A British steamer
i was looted a short time ago by pirates.
i who took out the cargo and robbed the
i passengers of $7000. One of the torpedo
j boats passed the steamer while the latter
: was being plundered and paid no atten
tion to the flag of distress. The European
| captains report that these torpedo boats
j do nothing but tow junks up and down
| from port to port, and as they get the
1 coal from the Government for nothing
they make a good personal income. In
i the evenings they anchor in the creeks
I and become for the time being flower
I boats, being crowded with singing girls.
The highest efficiency in armor is
i claimed for that made by the Krupps. it
' being equal to 2.33 times that of wrought
I iron. Thus a battleship with Krupp armor
twelve inches thick has a protection equal
• to twenty-eight inches of wrought iron.
■ Since the introduction of armored ships
thirty-nine years ago, when' the Warrior
and Gloire were built, the rivalry between
gunmakersand armor manufacturers has
been carried on with varying success to
either party, but it would now seem as if
the armor has at last reached a point
which only a few of the very best guns
can attain. The penetration of the Brit
ish twelve-inch wire-wound gun is not
quite thirty inches of wrought iron at 2000
yards, and this gun is the most powerful
afloat at the present time. The Warrior's
armor of iron was only four and a half
inches thick, and could be easily pene
trated by the six-pounder Hotchkiss gun
of the present time. The same weight— 97s
tons _ 0 Krupp armor would keep out the
projectile of the American five-inch rifle
at 2000 yards, or could be reduced to 41S
tons and maintain its former efficiency.
The heaviest armored ship in the British
navy is the Inflexible, with twenty-four
inch plates, maximum thickness, the value
of which is only thirty inches of wrought
iron, and equal protection would be af
forded by the new armor of only one-half
the thickness of the old. The result of
these progressive improvements in pro
tective material has been a vast reduction
in weights, which has been applied to giv
ing armor to other parts hitherto unpro
tected. The battleships about to be built
for our navy will carry armor of twelve
inches maximum thickness, against
eighteen inches of the Oregon and her
class, but the protection will be only
slightly reduced by the reduction in thick
ness. ___________________________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE MERRIMAC— W. T., City. The
Merrlmac was sunk in the entrance to the
harbor of Santiago by Lieutenant Hobson
June 3. IS9S. .:
. NOT A KISSING BUG— P. E. ,W., Sole
dad, Cal. The "bug" sent by you for ex
amination from the banks of the Salinas
River Is not a kissing bug but a very
common beetle. : ' _ :
PATTI IN SAN FRANCISCO — A
Reader. City. The last time that Adellna
Patti was in San Francisco was in USD.
She came here with the Italian opera
company that opened at the Grand Opera
house oh the 10th of February and played
a two weeks' engagement.
WARRANT OFFICERS— U.S. T., City.
Men are not enlisted In the United States
navy with the special purpose of Instruct
ing "them as warrant officers. They enlist
in any branch in which they are capable
under the grade of warrant officer and by
promotion may become such officers.
LIME IN VINEYARDS— S., Bonny
doon, Cal. An authority on vine culture
says: "The more magnesia, lime or chalk
there is in the soil the better. Such soil
never cracks and keeps the moisture dur
ing the summer admirably." Slacked lime
exposed to the atmosphere depreciates as
to its force.
THE DRYDOCK-J. H. G., City. The
new drydock for the use of the United
States Government and the construction
of which has been authorized by Congress
is to be located at Mare Island. For a
copy of the act authorizing the dock com
municate witih the representative to Con
gress from the district in which you live.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. ■'•
■ m ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gonitry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
«.♦ ■ .
The Chattanooga Chamber of Commerce
is arranging for a memorial celebration in
honor of Admiral Farragut,' who was a
native of East Tennessee. The President
and Admiral Dewey have been invited,
as has also Secretary Long.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It . soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising • from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists ln every
'part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
• : — "■**»■
HOTEL DEL, CORONADO— Take advantage
of "the round trip -tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
, New Montgomery street, San Francisco.IN THE SERVICE OF GOD.
CORNERSTONE LAID IN
PRESENCE OF THOUSANDS
His Grace Archbishop Riordan Officiated at a
Solemn Ceremony in the Building of the
New Church at Tomales.
THERE may be other places in the
Golden State whose size and geo
graphical situation entitle them to
be considered of more Importance
than the little village of Tomales,
snugly 'nestled In a beautiful valley of
Marin County, near a long, slender arm
of the Pacific, but it would have been a
difficult matter yesterday to make any
of its residents believe it.
The cornerstone of the new Catholic |
-**■ hurch which will, when completed, un
doubtedly be one of the handsomest sa
cred edifices in the.' interior of the Stat.-.
was laid at Tomalos yesterday by Arch
bishop Riordan. assisted by a number of
priests from several cities, the ceremony j
b.-ing witnessed by fully 2500 people. A
large portion of those present were from j
this city, but the majority were from San
Rafael; Petaluma, Sausalito, Tomales and
th.c various villages along the line of the
North Pacilic Coast Railway. In the
audience were men who bad shown th. I
devotion to their religious belief by tak- I
ing ims and hauling the stone used In '
the construction of the church from vari- |
ous quarries in the vicinity, one of which
ls twenty miles away— few even con
tributing time and labor which 'would oth- I
erwise have been utilized in earning a live
llhood. It was a large crowd, but these |
earnest parishioners could be 'Id wher
ever seen — their countenances wore that
look of pride unfailingly indicative of the
satisfaction resulting from viewing ihe j
material evidence of work donated in a , ;
good cause.
Archbishop Riordan went to Tomales
yesterday afternoon as the guest of Rev. ,
Father John Rogers, the parish pastor. ;
IMPRESSIVE SCENES WITNESSED YESTERDAY AT TOMALES.
and to-day was Joined by Fathers i
James Cleary of Petaluma, P. J. Cum
mins of St. Patrick's parish and J. B.
Hannigan of St. Mary's. Together with '
Father Rogers and his assistant. Father
M. Mackay, these priests assisted In the
laying of the cornerstone. The choir of
St. Mary's Cathedral was also present
and rendered music for the occasion un
der the- direction of Father Hannigan.
Precisely at tho noon hour his Grace the ;
Archbishop took a position In front of the
stone The ceremony was begun by the
hymn "i... Latlficat, ' .■:':■ which " the |
cornerstone was blessed by Archbishop
Riordan and put In its place. Within it j
was a tin receptacle containing a docu- ;
ment giving an account of the occasion
and the names of the Pope, the President
of the United States, the Governor of
California, the Archbishop performing
the ceremony and the priests present,
copies of the daily papers of yesterday
and coins of the present year. - .
The audience was then invited by the
Archbishop to change its location to the
floor surmounting the foundation of the
church. A platform had been erected at
the western end, and from this Father
Cummins delivered the sermon. It was
both brief and eloquent, and while the
priest was speaking such perfect silence .
was observed that his voice was dis- |
tinctly audible at the outskirts of the j
crowd.
"Mv first words must be of sincere con- j
gratulation to the priests and people, j
Catholics and non-Catholics, of this town
and district." said Father Cummins. "The
building of a church, however humble, is
always a great event. No house can be
built holier than that which is conse
crated by the presence of God and the
prayers of his people. Next In sacred
ness is the home, and so our altars and
our homes have always been represented
as the highest objects of our affection and
loyalty. Poets have sung of them to
gether and brave men have died in their
defense, but holier always than the home
must the altar be because of the divine
presence which consecrates it and the
sacred mysteries of which it is a sign,
and thus "the building of a church is al
ways a great work.
"It assumes special Importance when as
here, a building Is raised worthy of its
sacred and lofty purpose; a building in
which rich and lasting materials are used,
and in the construction or' which man s
best Skill and labor are required. To ev
er.- man who thinks, the church is an ev
idence of 'he faith in God of the men and
women « ho built it or worship In it. It
may be humble and unostentatious, but It
presents the abiding hopes and generous
sacrifices of believing people."
Continuing, the preacher asserted that
the day has passed when any kind of cdi
flce is deemed sufficient for the purposes
of worship; that enlightened thought
points to the fact that nothing is too good
for th. house of the Most High. He gave
many Biblical illustrations of the work
and materials lavished on the ancient tab
ernacles, and pointed out that in the pres
ent Instance the people of Tomales were
not found wanting. Advice on the subject
of keeping up the interest in the- church
after it had been finished followed, and in
conclusion Father Cummins spoke as fol
lows: : , '■_
"And may we hope that the Influence of
this church may ever extend In widening
circles; that it may reach more hearts and
stir them more deeply until the blessed
time when through God's grace all the .
followers of Christ, gathered under the ;
standard of the cross, may worship Him
In one temple and around one altar."
At the conclusion of the sermon an
offering was received while the choir sang ,
an offertory hymn. Archbishop Riordan
closed the ceremonies with an invocation. j
The choir was met. at the train anil es
corted to the site of the church by a re- j
ception committee consisting of Charles
Martin Br., Patrick Carroll, .T. Kirk and
John S. Phillips. The members were en
tertained at the conclusion of the cere
monies by a committee consisting of E.
Callen, A. Martin and Charles Martin Jr.
A banquet Was tendered the visitors pres- j
ent in the afternoon at the Town Hall.
The hospitality shown and the edibles j
furnished were of such a nature as to |
draw forth remarks of appreciation by
all. The success of this feature was due
to the efforts of the following: Mrs. Mc-
Cune, Mrs. J. Kirk. Mrs. A. Martin. Miss
.1. Carroll. Miss F. Griffin, the Misses L.
and C. Martin, P. Roach, V. Capronlo,
J. MacPhillips, P. Mulvaney, James W.
Keys and John S. Phillips.
The Safeguard of Israel.
Rev. Dr. M. G. Solomon of Los Angeles !
occupied the pulpit of the Bush-street Syn- j
ogogue last Saturday and preached an i
able sermon to a large congregation on I
the "Safeguard of Israel." The discourse !
proved interesting and instructive to its j
auditors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
FIRST CHURCH
CELEBRATES ITS
FIFTIETH YEAR
llt Was Founded Half
a Century Ago.
— ♦ —
APPROPRIATE SERVICES HELD
— -•-■—
REV. DR. ADAMS DELIVERS THE
ANNIVERSARY SERMON. .
. ♦-
Addresses by D. N. Hawley, Only
Living Charter Member, Judge
Sawyer, D. W. Folger, Rev.
S. H. Willey and Others.
; »
The second day's celebration of the fif
tieth anniversary of the First Congrega
tional Church was most successfully car
ried out yesterday. Saturday's meeting
and banquet formed a fitting prelude to
a day that will long be remembered In the
annals of the church.
The grand edifice presented a beautiful
sight, decked in waving green ferns and
golden flowers. Behind the pulpit, with
the emblematic figures "1849" and "1809"
or. either side, was a large picture of the
Rev. T. Dwight Hunt, the first pastor of
the church In the olden days, when it
stood iii the Chinese quarter.
The musical programme was inspiring:.
From the organ loft the pure-voiced
choir, consisting of Miss Lulu C. Snyder,
soprano; Mrs. A. E. Story, contralto; J.
F. Fleming, basso, and Samuel D. Mayer,
tenor and organist, poured forth sweet
strains. The chanting of "Te Deum
Laudamus" was especially Vine.
At the morning service Dr. George C.
Adams delivered the anniversary ser
mon. Ills summary of the church's his
tory and bis interesting presentation of
statistics concerning the congregation in
the past fifty years was Listened to at
tentively by the large congregation. At
the close of his discourse Dr. Adams
called upon D. N. Hawley, the only liv
ing charter member of the church, for
some jemarks. Mr. Hawley responded in
a few apt sentences. He said:
" "We have listened to an admirable his
tory of the church by our pastor, and I
will not repeat that. The only thought
on mv mind is this: We must not forget
that this church start.-! the first mission
ary work on this coast. With Thomas
Douglas and F. S. I law ley 1 helped to
found the first missionary Sabbath-school,
in Happy Valley, and out of that begin-
nlng. has come the Howard-street
j Church." •- '-..•-'■
At the Sabbath-school meeting, after
'the regular exercises. Mr. Hawley spoke
at greater length, giving a very enter
; taining address on his personal experi
i ences and on Sunday-school work and Its
j influence for good." He was followed by
1). W. Folger, who was the superintend
| ent twenty years ago. Judge Sawyer,
another old member, also made a few re
marks to the young people.
In the evening there were many inter
esting discourses by men who have fig
ured prominently in the life of the church.
They recalled Incidents of the past, which
j occasions like that of yesterday bring to
I life again. They spoke of the workers
of other years, whose busy hands are
I now folded forever.
Rev. 8. H. Willey dwelt on the "events
which led to the organization of this
church." E. P. Flint. Hon. E. D. Saw
yer, Rev. W. C. Pond and I. H. Morse
spoke briefly of the church's history from
1.851 to 1596, each taking a different period.
J. B. Stetson discussed "The J Trustees."
telling of their work and responsibilities.
Rev: J. H. Warren, D.D., delivered an
eloquent address on "Home Missionary
Work." .^
SERVICES AT THE
CHURCH OF CHRIST
The services of tha First Church .of
CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1899.
PROMINENT MEMBERS
OF THE FIRST CHURCH
DN. HAWLEY ls the last surviving charter member of the First Congre
gational Church. He was one of the most active pioneers in religious
work In this city, and has been Identified with Congregationalism since
1 the beginning of the First Church, which he helped to found in 1849.
I. 11. Morse, the present senior deacon of the First Congregational Church,
is one of the most prominent members of the congregation and a leader in all
the church affairs.
Christ (Scientist) were largely attended
yesterday morning. The subject of the
sermon was "Spirit. " In the Christian
Science churches the sermons consist of'
selections from the Bible ana Science and
Health, with a Key to the Scriptures, by
Rev Mary Baker G. Eddy, read alternate
ly by two readers. The following state
ment preceded the sermon: 'The lilblo
and the Christian science text-book are
our on'y preachers. We now will read
scriptural texts and their corelatlve pass
ages from our denominational text-book. .
These comprise our sermon. The canoni
cal writings, together with the word ol
our text-book, corroborating and explain
ing the Bible texts In their spiritual im
port and application to all ages, past,
present and future, constitute a sermon
undivorc .1 from truth, uncontaminateci
and unfettered by human hypocrites and
authorized by Christ."  ''„,*_,.
In part the sermon was as follows.
From the Bible: "God is a Spirit: and
they that worship Him must worship Him
In spirit and in truth. Bless the Lord. O
mv soul, and forget not all His benefits;
who forgiveth all thine Iniquities; who
healeth all thy diseases."
From Science and Health: Scripture In
forms us that "with God all things are
possible," all good is possible to Spirit,
but our prevalent theories practically
deny this and make healing possible only
through matter. These theories may be
false, but the Scripture IS true.
DR. DUGAN COMMENDS
THE DYING ROBBER
At the Stewart Memorial U. P. Church
last night, its pastor, Rev. W. E. Dugan,
delivered a sermon on "The Dying Kuu
ber Saved," Luke xxiii:39-43. In part he
said:
This dying robber was a believer in the true
God He was, therefore, neither a Greek,
Roman nor pagan, but a Jew brought up ac
cording to the strictest moral rules and thor
oughly Indoctrinated in the true belief of the
ancient jews. But notwithstanding all his
moral training, see the pitiable depths to
which he sunk when as a dying outlaw and
vagabond he reviled Christ. It is a picture of
the awful depths to which sin can bring the
noblest and strongest. In him we have an
example of a true conversion; first, because he
viewed sin not only as destructive, but heinous
In God's Bight; second, because be put the
blame of his guilt <•!. himself, and third be
cause he was Interested In the welfare of his
brother robber. • , ....
I declare that this dying robber faith was
pre- iter and more commendable than any other
in all the history of the world. He probably
never heard of Christ before; he had never seen
him perform a miracle; he ha.i not a single
visible token of Christ's power, and at an
hour when even Christ's disciples had forsaken
him— yes, when Christ was bleeding and dying
the same ignominious death as himself— he be
lieved In Christ.
Where in all the history of the world ill
you find a faith so strong as that? With all
the testimony of the ayes rushing in upon you
of Christ's power to save, oh, sinner, aren't
you ashamed that your faith is less than that
of the dying robber who believed .without any
outward testimony? Look at his prayer—brief,
only one sentence and humble. He asks Christ
not to consider his goodness, but to remember
him with all his iniquity, but to put alongside
that iniquity the grace of God. Will you re
member that you are not to be saved by works,
but by grace— by the dying Savior?
FATHER DEMPSEY'S
ABLE DISCOURSE
Father Dempaey "preached to a large
congragation at St. Mary's Cathedral last
evening. His discourse was on the gospel
of the day. In part he said:
In the gospel of this day Christ places before
us two types .if mankind of his day in order
to teach man of all times what he sould avoid
and the methods to be pursued ln doing the
will of God.
A pharisee and publican go to the same tem
ple en the same occasion and perform the same
act namely, that of prayer. One utters a suc
cessful prayer, the other's act is a failure. One
meets with justification in the eyes of God
and the other greater condemnation. The rea
son of this contrast in the effects of their acts
of rave-: is seen in not what they did, but in
the manner In which they performed their ac
tion. The pharisee goes to the temple more
to praise himself than to praise God. He sees
only the good things in his own life and loses
sight of the crimes cf which be may be guilty.
More than that, he rejoices in the evil doings
of others, Inasmuch as these evil deeds by way
of contrast degrade others and thus exalt him
self. His whole net lacks honesty and sin
cerity and _:s a consequence meets with the
condemnation it deserves. The prayer of the
publican was the prayer <if a sinful man, which
came from the heart, and so was full of merit
in the eyes of God. _
REV. P. G. BUTLER
DISCUSSES "PRAYER"
At the 10:30 o'clock mass in St. Ignatius
yesterday morning, the Rev. P. G. Butler,
S. J., delivered an interesting sermon on
"Prayer." He said in part:
It is an article of faith that without grace
we can merit nothing from heaven. It in also
certain that In the ordinary course of divine
providence grace comes by prayer; hence the
necessity of prayer. True, there are other
means Of grace, such as the sacraments, but
none are so universal and easy of access as
prayer. We cannot all be priests of Christ,
nor i.-. every one called to the charge of a
family, but we can all pray.
St. Thomas says to enter heaven continual
prayer is necessary alter baptism, for al
though all sins are remitted by that sacrament
there still remain concurrence to assail us
within anil the -rid an.l the devil to attack us
from without, and where, we may ask, are
we to get the grace to 'overcome these power
ful enemies only In prayer? Ask and you shall
receive, hence without prayer salvation is Im
possible, if the church Insists upon profound
prayer as essential for th§ salvation of the
Individual she no less earnestly recommends
public prayers In the family. For centuries in
the early church those who lived together
prayed tocether. But now In how many of
our families do parents and children meet night
and morning to call down the blessings of
heaven upon them? If we love the salvation
of our own, lf we would escape the curse of
ungrateful and godless, if we would have
God's blessing In peace and concord upon us.
let us gather together our family morning and
evening in his name. ■
STRONGLY CONDEMNS
INGERSOLL'S IDEA
Rev. Charles Edward Locke delivered a
striking sermon to a large gathering in
Central M. E. Church last night on
""Warnings From the Career of Colonel
Ineersoll."
Ingersoll is dead! Born and trainee! in a
Christian home, he was a formidable opponent
of Christianity, because as a product of Chris
tlantty he was not so easily victimised by the
logical results of his own fallacious arguments.
One generation of Infidelity is usually sufficient
to destroy the infidel and his family. lie
reached his maturity in a controversial period,
and, becoming out of patience with some doc
trines of the church, at lirst boldly dissented,
and before many years became the most con
spicuous exponent of infidelity in the country.
His brilliant oratory, power of invective, fond
ness for popular applause and the large finan
cial cains, doubtless led him by degrees into
the strong current of unbelief, and altogether
farther than he anticipated or desired.
I earnestly warn you, my friends, against
the Infidelity of Colonel Ingersoll, because it
recognizes no personal God and has no stand
ard of morals. It leads to anarchy; it also
leads to suicide.. It assaults the home and the 1
marriage vow by encouraging dastardly free
l.eve principles and wholesale divorce laws. It
Is the accomplice of intemperance and the
slimy procuress of immorality.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[LETTEm TO MRS. PINKRAM NO. 93,284!
,l Dear Mrs. Pinkham — For some
time I have thought of writing to you
to let you know of the great benefit I
_ have received
—_ _ - from the use of
Mrs. Johnson Lvdia E Pink .
Saved front ham's Veg-eta-
Insanity by ble compound.
Mrs. Pinkham \ Soon of my the
mrsm Htnttnam hi rth of my first
child, I com-
menced to have spells with my spine.
Every month I grew worse and at last
became so bad that I found I was
gradually losing my mind.
** The doctors treated me for female
troubles, but I got no better. One
doctor told me that I would be insane.
I was advised by a friend to give Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a
trial, and before I had taken all of the
first bottle my neighbors noticed the
change in me.
"I have now taken five bottles and
cannot find words sufficient to praise it.
I advise every woman who is suffering
from any female weakness to give it a
fair trial. I thank you for your good
medicine." — Mrs. Gertrude M. John-
box, Jonesboro, Texas.
Mr*. Perkins* Letter.
•'I had female trouble of all kinds,
had three doctors, but only grew worse.
I began taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills
and used the Sanative Wash, and can-
not praise your remedies enough."—
Mrs. Effie Phskins, Pearl, La.
000000000000000000
2w PALACE «?
%GRAND HOTELS %
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Room?— wi h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICE*:'" O
O EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO per day and upward O
*_ American Plan. lf3.<M» per day and upward rt
" Correspondence Solicited. V
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATBICK. Xacag.r. O !
000000000000000000
ftci^ VITALIS
\SKja**V feZ fea jrPTtk. TUP NEW
X*"V *m__j* 1? "w r* ! %3e\ Int ntn
artsr ioth Day. MC Tt rilkllVßis
err _sr 10th Day. •£** ■ /^A St sL rnEllVnio
VITALIS 2Whlsay '' ■£■.-» RFtSFDY
*noi>l< THK ABOVK 30:h 1...V. sfl 6r Mi _.U £B I
RESI'LTS. lt quickly A surely re n-OYesT.erTe.u'.tee. 9, Imp*,
Nightly Emission., Eril Dreams Wasting Si-rases and all effects
ef self-abuse or excess ap'l Indiscretion. Restores Cost Vitality,
Power and Tailing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. .Insist on havinr VITALIS,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail 91. 0u
per package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Care or
KcfiiiK- the MoneT. Circular Tree. Address
•OAl.l MET Cl Ht. CO., 884 I>eurborn St., Chirac*
Bold by Owl Drue Co., Baldwin I'baruiacy.
W. i. Bryan (two Jtores). Grant Dru« Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Dru« Co. '
_____mjSMMMM rupture.
K^PT^ll I'^'1 '^' no MORE IRON
Ik^_K«_^«_^s^-^ Hoops or Steel Spring*.
■_; i«"jSt_HSI«-se»-^ Rupture retained with ea.«»
fl___^lBK-> and comfort, and thousands radl-
H — /EKy cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
m /JSj^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. C_7Call at
Xs,C_W office or write for N«w Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MarKet ft.. opP. Pa; a Hotel. San Kranclsoo
NERVITA ■SBrSSK'
f— AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Niftht Emission: and waning
diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
Brings the pink slow to 'pale 'hecks and ra<
stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
guarantee to cure or refund the moccy.
g«n>:ta medical Co., Clinton « 3acfescn *t»., gljkagj.
K. '>'— Baldwin b Co.. Druggists. I Market. 8. _■*.
Bad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfe-t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders .o.' the Stomach;
Liver,. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists,
1 or by mall. RADWAY & CO.. New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I**** ********* ********** ************ ********* *******
1 -ft
< -*
t -ft
cvr -*
1 ■ -*
t -*
C -ft
< -ft
I -ft
I GOOD QUALITY! I
I FINE MAKE ! I
I INVITING PRICES! ;
* ' Z
t -_____-________________-___-^
**
< A glance at our largest show J
I window will prove that the following -*
* described goods in material and -*
* prices are among the best we have J
I ever o'fered. *
« *
< LADIES' SHIRT WAlSTS— Ladies' Laundered -*
j* Shirt Waists in tancy stripes and plaids at 50c, 60c, *
* 75c and $1 each. _^
* Ladies' Fine Percale Shirt Waists in fancy checks, *
ir stripes and plaids at 50c, 6oc, 75c and $1 each. £
N We invite attention of parents to the following specials: *
_ BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS, Black, Navy, Brown J
i and Mixed Tweed, sizes from 5 to 15, at $1.95 a suit J
k Reefer and Josie Suits, extra heavy, all wool, Black, J
* Brown, Navy and Mixed Tweeds, sizes from 5 to 15, J
£ at 32.80 a suit. *.
I Boys' Sailor Suits, braided and embroidered in Navy *
* Blue, at Si.Bo a suit. J
t LADIES' KID GLOVES-Ladies' 2-Clasp "Dan- *-
fr ton" Prime Lamb Coves, Colored and Black, *
J special at 70c a pair. J
t Ladies' 2-Clasp French Wash Chamois Skin Gloves, J
X colors Pearl, Natural, Mode and White, price 85 cents J
X a pair. *-
fr Ladies' 2-Clasp "Nonpareil" Prime Lamb (this glove *
J is manufactured expressly for us and is guaranteed to J
X fit and give perfect satisfaction), all colors and black, +
fr at $1 a pair. *fr
fr *fr
fr RIBBONS— Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbon in widths 1 J.
J of 12, 16 and 22 inches, all silk, 7*c per yard. \ *
X Fancy Striped and Ombre Ribbons, all silk, 20 cents J
4- per yard. *-
+ 4-inch All-Silk Black Moire Ribbon, 25 cents per yard. J
fr a-
I m ' I
fr IJ'lJf Murphy Building, / jj.
X Market, Jones and McAllister Streets, *
I . San Francisco. J
fr *
♦■ *
t i
i *
■•*••••••••••••• -»-»*H***»*H*»*H*H^*.V*H*H**H*H*mi*mil
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIATHEATER.
&S-SE ' HENRY
EVENT! ww ■__?■"*•__
PERFORMANCE '. _}(_ |1_ I _ _~1 W\.
SEASON.
TO-NIGHT. TUESDAY and WED. EVENINGS
, SPECIAL MATI>P-L WED-.
POSITIVELY LAST TIMES.
HEARTSEASE.
Beginning THURSDAY. 3 NIGHTS AND
SATURDAT MATINEE ONLY.
CHARLES FROHMAN S HAMLET.
ssssssss&ii HAMLtIi
SHAKESPEAREAN I Inlll LU I I
REU HBNRT MILLER AS HAMLET.
Mi*-, Anglin as Ophelia: Mr. Stevens as the
King -Mr "standing as Laertes; Mr. a loot as
the Ghost; Mrs. Bouclcault as the Queen; M ss
Dale as player queen: Mr. Allen as Polonious;
Mr. Lamb as first grave digger, etc.. etc.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Next Monday-"BROTHER OFFICERS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ANOTHER DELIGHTFUL COMEDY.
TO-NIGHT Mr. Frawley Presents
MISS BLANCHE BATES
And Her SUPERB COM. PAN Y,
In Bronson Howard's Best of All Comedy
Dramas,
-•ONE OF* OUR GIRLS."
SPECIAL NOTICE— comedy will .be
given only on Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday
and Thursday Nights and a Special Matinee on
This Wednesday Afternoon.
REMEMBER THIS-Owing to the great de-
mand for seats to see
-•/Vl-VIE. SMNS GENE"
This Magnificent Play Will Be Repeated,
commencing with This Friday Night, and con-
tinue^ until Sunday Night. Saturday Matinee
""IMPORTANT— Do not forget the WEDNES-
DAY MATINEE at POPULAR PRICES.
Next Play-**THE FAIRY GODMOTHER."
First time on any stage.
21-EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS-21
Were Both Born in San Francisco,
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG,
In the Original Protean Comedietta, "Man-
agerial Troubles. "
JOSEPH ADELMAN.
. DAVE MEIER.
• HERR YON PALM.
LAURA JOYCE BELL AND CO.
LA FALFAELA. _-__.-_,
ELIZABETH MURRAY. _,__ _„,_
FHOITES PANTOMIME.
THE ELDRIDGES.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. Me.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSB
TELEPHONE— MAIN 532.
TO-NIGHT— TH^^ Y -TO-NIGHT
"BOCCACCIO!"
A BRAND-NEW MARCH.
5 NEW PRINCIPALS. A BIG CHORUS.
Orchestra. 35c and 50c. Family Circle, 15c.
Dress Circle, 25a Gallery, 10c.
matinee Saturday.
At the Matinee the Best Seat for 25e.
Branch Box Office— Main Entrance Emporium.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative. Invlgorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Speciai
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
Ths Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on lti own Merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE, Agents.
123 Market street. 6. F.— Cfiend lor Circular.!
- Wl»-VllhNi_-Jl"VmiJiW_n)i|i|ew<ie. i siil ■I'lU'U'"'! DilUhfl. ii_'_iie*slllll<nr_fcnl_
! AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GALA OPENING TO-NIGHT OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
With ' a Sumptuous Presentation of Verdi's
Masterpiece,
..."AIDA"...
"Aida" Repeated on Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday Evenings.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
Superb Rendition of Donizetti's Great Opera,
... _L--. l_-J *V___-< 1 sf~\ ...
"Lucia" Repeated on Thursday and Sunday
Evenings and Saturday Matinee.
A GREAT CAST OF FAMOUS LYRIC
ARTISTS IN EACH OPERA.
Brilliant Costumes and Scenery.
Enlarged Orchestra and Chorus.
POPULAR PRICES— -■"• and 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TONIGHT,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In a Gorgeous Production of
K. Xj IW tL \J WHITTLESEY
1 1 If IF7 t T r _ FLORENCE
CIULaILa * ROBERTS
OUR PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c. 53c.
Next Week— "LADY OF LYONS."
CHUTES JND ZOO! /
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ZOE MATTHEWS. Coon Song Singer; RAND.
BYRON and RAND. Grotesque Comedians;
HALLET and CARROLL. Sketch Artists;
VIOLET DALE, Buck and Wing Dancer:
BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN. Flying
Ring Artist, and A HOST OF NOVELTIES.
MISS JOHANNA FRISCO
ORANG-OUTANG
ON FREE EXHIBITION
FAT LADIES' BICYCLE RACE
THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT.
Reserve Seats by Phone. Steiner USL
.... -,___»
CONCERTS AND RESOBTS.
AJ L l»* *-* Those who were thers
a say the Panorama Is a
/""WW- correct representation.
11l Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
/l/l '_- _ --. 2 ■ _—. noons and evenings.
iYlanila Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission £0c
Bay! "••"•■•*•-
-
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, including admission. 2.V-, Children. We.
ISIERCFS
\%^k¥ FAVOR §TF.
INSCRIPTION
JL. FOR WEAK WOMEN.
: » . ,
lA/. X. HESS,
jroTAßr* PUBLIC AND ATTORN.ST-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckeis Bldf.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 .California st., below Powell.
' San Francisco
-
78
CYCLER ZIMMERMAN
DEFEATED BY BALD
PASHA KENNELS'
REPRESENTATIVE
IS A WONDER
Remarkable Work of
a Greyhound.
A WINNER AT EIGHT MONTHS
— ♦_ —
LED EACH ONE OF HIS OPPO
NENTS MANY LENGTHS.
♦
Bohe Wins the Open Stake at Union
Coursing Park— Lottie M and
Connemara Are With
drawn.
-■:--'
♦
Recording Angel, a brindle and white
greyhound from tne kennels of J. H. Ros
seter, showed remarkable form in the sap
ling stake It Union Coursing I'ark yester
day. She won all her races in the most
impressive style, leading the doc., drawn
with her from live tb fifteen lengths. The
wonder of it all is thai she was whelped
on November 19 of last year, which makes
her eight and one-half months old," a mere
baby. John Grace, the lust-known cours
ing judge in the country, pronounced her
race with Wait a Little the best perform
ance he nad ever seen in all the ear*" he
has been connected with the sport.
The two saplings r:*n clear across the
field. Recording Angel winning by a score
Of IS to .".. As in all her races, she led up
by many lengths, showing extreme speed
with staying qualities. She let her oppo
nent in for a few points and then worked
the hare to the escape, killing before the
hare had a chance to get through the
opening in the fence. The final with Mt.
Ida. which ruled a slight favorite.. was al
most a repetition of the other race. Re
cording Angel inning handily.
The final of the sapling stake for dogs
was won by Lande & Gerber's Rlenzi, J. J.
j.dmonds' Whisky Hill being runner-up.
Rienz. had a shade the best of the slip,
and was favored throughout by the hare.
The open stake was won by J. i'- rigo's
Bohe. with J. Maher's Souorette runner
up. Lottie M was unfortunate in her first
time out feir the day, when she met Flush.
They were slipped to a streing ire. which
took th.- brace-- of doss al! over the field;
Lottie M doing nearly all the work. After
running nearly three minutes an extra
dog was sent to their assistance. Lottie
M was completely .run out. and was It It
drawn from the stake. For a me it was
thought she would die. but late in the
afternoon she showed signs of recovery,
Connemara was also drawn by his
owner, as he had some exceptionally hard
courses. The spootate.rs did not take
kindly to Judge Bull's decision in the Con
nemara-Lady Emma raci jeerlnj; him for
returning Connemara the winner. The de
tailed results of the day's sport follow:
Open stake, first roun.l— Russell; Allen &
Wilson's Daisy Clair beat J. p. Thrift's For
get: H. Lynch' s Lottie M beat F. A. Mc-
Comb'B Flush: P. J. 1..-'!;; Warship beat J. \
Kerrigan's Conqueror; J. Peril Bohe beat ;
Handy & Smith's I_aeiy Hugo: 11. A. Decker
man's Lawrence beat F. A. Mci .mbs Royal
Flush: 1. J. Edmonds" Morning Glory eat 11..
A. Deckelman's Rocker; Larkey A- Rock's
Liberty Bell beat A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty: A. Johnson's Tel Sleean heat Lowe
& Thompson's. I'atria: <_. Sha i man c Wait a
Little beat H. F. Aneierson's Crawford Braes;
J. ConnelPs Log Boy beat Handy «v Smith's
Mcna: Barrels Brothers' Mac's Melody b»at J.
Byrne's Eleven Spot: .1. Dean's Connemara
beat K-i Evatt's Hurricane; Aeneld Kennels'
Pretender beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured;
M. I-OUdon's Magneto beat D. .1. Healey's
Maori Land: .1. Dean's Brilliantine beat
Murphy A- Toland'S Tea Rose: Pasha Kennels'
Emm Pasha beat .T. Mahei Safegiiar.i; J.
Maher's Soubrette beat l>vwe <fc Thompson's
Pt. Oran; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma beat .). Seggerson's Candelaria.
Second round— Daisy Clair a bye; Boh beat
Warfhip: Morning Glory beat Lawrence: Tod
Sloan heat Liberty Bell; Log Boy beat Wait a
Little; Connemara beat Mac's Melody; Pre
tender beat Magneto: Soubrette beat Bril
llsr.tine; Lady Emma beat Emm Pasha.
Third round— Bohe beat Daisy 'lair; Tod
Sloan beat Me ■ nil Glory; Connemara beat
Lop. Roy; Soubrette beat Pretender; Lady
Emma a bye.
Feiurth round— Bohe beat Tod Sloan: Conne
mara beat Lady Emma; Soubrette a bye.
Final — 8.-ehe beat • übrette; Connemara with-
Sapiing stake. la-Mies, first round- .'. J. Ed
monds' Whisky Hill beat Connell Brothers'
Master Morse; Lanele & Gerbor's Rienzi beat
J. Anthonys Patriot.
Final roun.l- Rienzi beat Whisky Hill.
Sapling stake, lassies, first round- George
Bharma Walt a Hit beat Connell Brothers'
Green Isle: Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel
beat J. McGrath's ':■-■'■ Rose; Lande & Ger
b°r'= Mount Ida beat C. L. Appleby's /it tie
Second round— Recoreling Angel beat Wait a
Bit-: Mount Ida a bye.
Final— Recording Angel beat -Mount Ida.
CORINTHIANS ENTERTAIN.
California Yacht Club Members Pay a i
Return Visit to Those of
Tiburon.
The California yachtsmen were the
•guests of the Corinthians for the past two
days, and thoroughly enjoyed the hospi
tality of their hosts. The visit was a re
turn one. the Corinthian sailors having
been received by the California s at their
new club house on Oakland Creek some
weeks since. Commodore A. M. Clay of
the Californias had been cruising around
the hay in his yacht Pactolus for about
a week, but returned In time to take his
fleet over to huron. The. first of the j
California boats to gel under way on Sat- '
urday was W. A. Duncombe's yawl Idler.
which started at 12:30 p. m. Two hours
later Vice-Commodore A. C. Lee's Sur
prise began to beat nut of the estuary.
Purine the next hour she was followed
by T. Turnbull's sloop Hope. George Mil
ler's sloop Occident. L. Gale's sloop Se
cret. E. N. Walter's sloop Km!. la and
Commodore A. M. Clay's sloop Pactolus.
A moderate breeze took the boats out
of the creek, and then freshened con
siderably In the open bay. All but the
sloops Hope and Occident took the wind
ward side .if Angel Island, these two go
ing to leeward. The wind had fallen
light when J. J. Hanifin Jr.'s launch Doris
came along and cast a friendly line to
the two yachts, towing them Into Tib
uron Cove, where all the boats dropped
anchor bet we 7 and y in the evening.
Going ashore at once, the yachtsmen
were welcomed by the Corinthians; and
sat down to a bountiful supper of fish i
chowder and other appropriate edibles '
The yachtsmen then adjourned to the I
large room of the club house, where
after Commodore Carl Westerf'eld had' j
spoken a few Introductory words, to
which Commodore A. M. Clay briefly re
plied, an entertainment of the good old
Corinthian sort was given. J. O'Brien
acted as master of monies. Frank '
Thompson and "Bob" Mitchell sang an.] ;
told stories, and the Etna Quartet ren
dered glees. A banjo trio, -. guitar and i
banjo duet, a banjo solo and other items
made up the evening's amusement. It
was after midnight before the yachtsmen
sought repose on their craft.
Yesterday morning '.colors" were made
at 8 o'clock, and about 10:30 the two
fleets, under signal from Commodore
AVesterfeld, cruised in company toward
the Heads. If. R. Simpkins' yawl Tra
montana and Commodore T. L. Hill's
sloop Cygnus also cruised out to Fori
Point. There was a strong breeze in the |
channel and a somewhat lumpy sea.
Trout for Monterey Streams.
MONTEREY, July 30.— A consignment of
SO .000 trout of the variety known as
"speckled" has been sent by the United
States Fish- Commission to Monterey to
be placed in the streams of this region.
Charles (?arr, to whom the fish were Bent,
took Immediate steps to place them in the
streams where poaching and Indiscrim
inate fishing have greatly reduced the
supply of trout.
EASY VICTORIES
FOR THE LOCAL
BALL PLAYERS
Now Well in the Lead
for First Place.
— 1» —
LOBSTERS ARE SORE AND SAD
■»
IMMENSE CROWD GATHERS AT
RECREATION PARK.
■ 
The Wasps Devour the Shell Fish in
a Match That Evokes the En
thusiasm of Halcyon
Days.
»
San Francisco 8. Santa Cruz 3.
San Francisco 5. Santa Cruz 4.
Streams of humanity on baseball pleas
ure bent poured into Recreation Park yes
terday afternoon to see the Wasps sting
the Lobsters unto death. On Saturday
the local men ate Lobster a la Neuberg;
yesterday morning they whetted their
appetites with a lobs pbulette and In
the afternoon put an end to the whole
cies by sponging it off the menu,
Not for many ears has San Francisco
seen such a kwge concourse of people at
a baseball game, and it was an enthu
siastic crowd at that, something very
much like the old days when then wasn't
an unoccupied bench within the fences.
Hank Harris wore a smile that sounded
on Missjon street and Truthful Looie
looked pleased when the garni began,
Even after the- game was in progress
spectators came and came, lilling the
seats on the far-off sides of the field. Th.
Wasps had the mob with them, and they
were cheered again and gain, although
good playing] by the visitors was never
unattended by an. appreciative acknowl
edgment. To intensify the small-sized
bedlam, Tip O'Neil Indulged in a Fourth
of July play with firecrackers, the papers
of which would blow in the faces of the
Lobsters and the smoke straight in their
eyes. In their .lying groans ihe shellfish
made this secret confession.
The game was an interesting one to I*.
-spectator, for there was a-plenty of hit
ting and exciting moments which ended
in a catastrophe. Eleven hits by the local
bat-swingers assisted by some fulsome
errors on the part of the visitors gave
the game to San Francisco. In the fourth
inning the Lobsters were being mixed In
a stew. They went to pieces and broke
completely. Wild throwing, poor judg
ment and careless work came near to
their ultimate ruin at this early stage of
the game. The Wasps played good ball,
bin two errors showing against their
record.
In the first inning Streib was sent across
the plate for ihe Lobsters; the second in
ning was a blank for both teams. Then
the Wasps got out their feelers and began
working. Pyne whacked the leather out to
left and scurried to second when O'Neil
craftily tipped the ball thai Clark dropped
at first, "Tip" holding the bag. Fitzpatrick
at the plate made a kidney mark for
Balsz's curves and he crawled to first ln
fierce but happy pain. A long fly to left
by Hllderbrandt, who went out, gave Pyne
a. chance to score and he took it. Muller
was next up. and he hit on the ground to
Drennan, who returned, but the ball
hounded past Pace and O'Neil scored.
That was the sum total of runs this in
ning.
With lamps aflame with- heat and terri
ble determination, the Lobsters came up
for the third inning. Devereaux and Wil
liams coursed the bags and placed their
team once more In the lead. But San
Francisco had a special inning of its own
in the fourth, when they batted the sphe
roid around the field and played havoc
with all the Lobsters in the bay. Pace
threw bad ball tee bases, the Infield forgot
diamond truths and the team became dis
organized. Muller and O'Neil scored In
this inning after then were two out. The
runs for the- local team came in bunches
of two. In the fifth inning another pair
was added to the list, and In the ninth
a few pieces of fireworks were handed to
the Lobsters and two runs marked down
on the San Francisco tally list.
The morning game at Oakland was an
other victory for the all-devouring Wasps.
Except for* the- fifth Inning, when the
fielding of the local men was clothed In
moth-eaten fringe, thr. game was interest
ing and exciting. In that inning Iberg
went up against some heavy hitters, and
his support was of the forgetting kind.
In the first inning the local men scored
once and repeated the dose in the second.
Two to nothing was the score until the
fourth, when the- Lobsters began to pick
themselves up and fly around the bases.
O'Neil made a brace of errors, and Iberg
was found tee his undoing. Five times
they rapped his untwisted curves over
foreign territory, tearing the cover oft the
ball. After much leather chasing the in
ning came to a close. The score now
read 4-2 in favor of the beach promen
aders. -•
The- sixth inning brought another run
to Frisco, and the- seventh won the game
for the local twlrlers. Muller hit to left,
followed by a hit by Krug. Then Sullivan
went out, but Riley whacked the- spheroid
for a single and Muller scored. After a
bit of. play with the stick by Swindells
Krug see. red. making the last run of the
day and the winning one for his team.
These three victories of the Wabsters
over the Lobsters place the local tossers
well in tin- lead. The scores in the two
games yesterday follow:
MOKNIJtG GAME.
HAN FRANCISO >.
AB. K. BH. SB. P< i. A. E.
rbrandt, r. f.. •» l 0 l l o 0
Muller, 1. f * ! l !
Krug P. 8 ? ' 1 1 " 3 <" 1
Sullivan, It. 5 110 10 0 1
Kiley. 3b 4-00014 0
Swindells, c 3 2 1 <* 2 0 0
Pyne. c. i *• " ' : ° 1 " "
O'Neil 2b 3 0 0 0 4 2 2
I^J&iZZZ".i __ __ __ __ ii J"
.is '■'■'' - r < 2 27 11 ;.
SANTA CRUZ. .
. AB. It- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2V> * 1 0 0 1 - I
Devereaux, 3b 5 0 2 0 0 0 <>
Streib, 1. f * 0 1 0 4 o*o
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 6 11
Clark, lb 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Drennan. c. f 4 110 3 0 0
Arrelanes. r. f. 4 0 0 " 3 0 o
Kleiber. s. R 4 110 2 11
Daubenbis, p -.4 1.10 12 0
Totals : 37 4 6 0 27 6 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 110 0 0 12 0 0-- 5
Base hits <" 1 1 10 2 2 0 o—7
Santa Cruz 0 0004000 o—4
Base hits 0 0 0. 0 5 0 1 0 o—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Iberg '.',, Daubenbis 2.
, Sacrifice hit Muller. First base on errorthr
1 San Francisco 2, Santa ('ruz 5. First base on
; calleei balls San Francisco 4, Santa Cruz 1.
Left on base* San Francisco 9. Santa Cruz 7.
Struck out— By li.e-ip 2, by Daubenbis 7. v.'i;,!
pitch— Daubenbis. Time of ■ game— I'm
n're—Rube Levy. Official scorer— H. S. Me
' Farlin.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SANTA CRUZ.
i AB. P.. BH. SB. PO. A. E
1 Williams. 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Devereaux, 3 b 3 1 0 0 0 3 2
Bireib, 1. 1 4 1115 0 0
j Pace, c 4 1 2 1 3 2 1
v. . i. 2 0 0 0 9 11
Drennan, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 1 0
Arrelanes, r. f 4 0 1 0 3 0-0
Kleiber, s. s 3 0 10 3 11
Balsa, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals 31 111 27 12 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Hilderbrandt, r. 1... 5 0 112 0 0
Muller. i. r... 5 0 10 3 0 0
King. 8. .« 5 onn*2i
Sullivan, 1 b 4 1 0 0 12 l j
Riley, 3 b 5 2 3 0 1 3 0
Swindells, c 5 2 2 0 1 1 0
Pyne, c. 1 5 13 0 10 0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOTS PAY. JULY 31. IMft.
SPORTS OF THE DAY
b-Neli. 2 h 2 2 110 2 0
Fitzpatrick. p 3 0 0 1 8 J J>
Totals 39 8 11 3 27 14 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0222000 2— «
Rase hit- 0 'J 2 3 3 'l 0 0 3-11
Santa Cruz 1 0200 " 000— 3
Base hits 2 12000100—6
SI MM A' '
Runs responsible for— Balsz. ,-. Three-base
hit— Pj ne .-base hit Riley. Sacrifice hit—
O'Neil. First base on errors— San Francisco, 3.
First base on called balls Sim Francisco. 4;
Santa Cruz, 3. Left en bases— San Francisco.
R; Santa Cruz, 4. Struck out— By Ralsz. 3; by
itrlck; 1. Hit by pitcher— Fitzpatrick.
Double plays— Fitzpatrick to Krug to Sullivan:
Drennan t.i Pace. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer— J. W. st.-:|eieton.
-
___ 4,
Watsonville Wins Again.
WASONVILLE, July 30.— Cal Bwing's
Dudes are still on the toboggan. They
received a terrible drubbing at the hands
of Morris' Sugar Beets yesterday, and the
dose was repeated to-day. The latter
club's batters have evidently found their
batting eyes, judging by the way they
hammered Steffanl yesterday a::-! Moskl
man to-day. The Infleldlng was
perfect. Many long drives were pulled
down by them that at first looked like
safe hits. Kiel Whelan cleverly outpointed
Mosklman in the twirling act. The rank
errors of Schmeer and Peoples were re
sponsible for runs. O'Connell's umpiring
on both days was highly satisfactory to
both clubs. The score was as follows:
WATSON VI LLE.
AB. I!. Bfl. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3 b .=. 2 2 0 2 10
McCarthy, s. 8 4 12 12 4 0
Courtney, c. f 5 " 3 12 0 0
■roll. r. f 4 0.00100
Selna. lb 4 1 2 0 14 0 "
Morrow, c 3 0 0 0 2 1 0
Billings. 2 b 4 ii 1 it 2 3 0
Hayes. 1. f 3 1 0 » *-* 0 0
Whelan, i ■'• •• 0 " 0 2 0
— — — — — — —
Totals 35 5 10 - 27 11 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. V.}l. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples. 2 b 4 0 10 8 2 1
Hammond, c 4 0 10 10 0
Hutchinson, 1 b 4 0 10 9 0 0
Bardic, r. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Dunleavy, I. f 1 0 0 fl 2 1 0
Lange. 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
S, hmeer B. 8 4 - ft 0 0 3 2 1
Foley. --. f 3 1 0 <i 3 0 0
Mosklman, p 3 0 2 0 13 1
Totals 34 1 I- 0 » 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watsonville 10 1 0 110 0 1-5
Has- hits 3 12 0 2 110 0—
Oakland 0 01000000—1
Base hits 0 01120120—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible fe.r— Whelan 1, Mosklman 3.
Two-base hit — Brockhoff. Sacrifice hits— Me-
Carthy, Morrow, Whelan. First base on errors
— tsonville 2. First base on called balls—
Watsonville 1, Oakland 2. Left on bases— Wat
sonville 7, Oakland 7. Struck out— By Whelan
3. Time of game— l:3o. Umpire— O'Connell.
■ — ;y-
Borchers Makes a Long Drive.
SACRAMENTO. July SO.— Sacramento
and San Jose split even to-day. In the
morning game the locals were shut out.
The great box work of Andrews, together
with a half-dozen errors on the part of
the locals, fixed the responsibility. Some
of Umpire Long's decisions were much
criticized.
In the afternoon game the visitors again
put Andrews into the box, and while he
pitched a great game he tired and the
locals won. The feature of the game was
a phenomenal hit by Borchers. He lifted
the ball high over the fence for a home
run. The cover was rent, ripped and torn,
and the ball proper was elongated until
it resembled a cucumber. So far .is is
known only two such hits are on record,
MORNING GAME.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin. 1. f.... 4 0 1 0 0 i o
Harvey, p 3 0 0 114 0
O'Connor, ll>--.. 3 0 0.0.810
Eagan, B. a 4 0 0 0 2 12
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0.8 i, 0
Movie, r. f ■.. 4 I' 1110 1
Slianalmn, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Stulz, 21) : 4 0 10 2 2 2
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 2 0 l 1 . l
Totals 32 0 5 2 »23 10 ~6
•Kent hit by a batted ball.
SAN JOSE.
AB. U. HIT. SB. TO. A. E.
McOucken. c. f 4. 0 2 0 2 0 0
Huston. 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Graham, r. t ......... 4 0 0 0 10 0
i I'Dea. a. S.i 3 0 0 0 4 5 1
Anderson, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
Hanlon. lb 3 1 0 0 12 0 0
Dalrymple, 1. f 3 10 0 0 0 0
Kent, c 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
- - • '■':■ .■-:.■■':- — ___— , ___ '
Totals 29 2 2 0 27 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 00000000 o—o
Base hits 00000212 o— .',
Ban Jose 00020000 •— 2
Base hits... 20000000 •— 2
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits- Kent, Harvey. First base on
errors Sacramento 1, San Jose >;. First base
on called balls- Harvey 2, Andrews •'.. Left on
leases— Sacramento 7. San Jose 4. Struck out -
By Harvey 8, by Andrews 4. Double play—
Eagan t.i O'Connor. Time of game— l:4o. Um
pire—Long. Scorer—
AFTERNOON GAME.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A. E
McLaughlin. 1. f...... 4 1 1 1 5 0 0
Harvey, r f... 4 1 2 1 3 0 1
O'Connor, 1 b 2 0 0 0 r 0 ' 0
Eagnn. s. s 5 ') 1 0 2 2 0
Stanley, c... 6 0 1 0. 4 0 0
Doyle, P 4 12 0 0 0 0
Shanahan, c. f 2 1 1 1 1 0 0
Stulz. 2 b., 2 1 0.0 3 00
Sheehan, 3 b 2 0 1 0 1 « 0
Totals 30 5 9 3 27 "fi ~i
SAN JOSE.
All. R. BH. SB. 80. A E
M ''lie-ken. c. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 6
Huston, 3 b 4 0 0 0 11,
Graham, r. t. 3 0 1 0 1 ] 0
Ol'ea. s. s 4 1 10 3.6 1
Anderson, 2 b 2 1 0 1 3 4 0
Hanlon, 1 b ..2 1 0 0 _« 0 0
Dalrymple, 1. f...... 4 0 0 0 1 i ( ,
Kent, c 3 0 10 110
Andrews, p -. 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
•Borchers 1 1 1 0 o*o 0
Totals 31 4 5 1 27 IS ~_
•Borchers batted in ninth inning.
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
! Sacramento 0 0 2 10 10 0 o—s
Base hits l 0 2 3 111 0 0-U
San Jose *> ; ' ft 0 0 0 0 0 4— 4
Base hits 0 0 0 10 0 0 - 2—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle, 1; Andrews, 3.
Horn, run— Borchers. Two-base hits Stanley,
Kent. Sacrifice O'Connor, Shanahan,
Sheehan. First base on errors— Sacramento, '-';
San Jose, 1. First base on balls < '-ft Doyle,
2: off Andrews, 6. Left on bases— Sacramento.
9; San Jose, 5. Struck nut- By Doyle. 3; by
Andrews, 1. Hit by pitcher- Stulz, Anderson.
Double plays— Anderson to Hanlon; ODea to
Hanlon. Time of game— l:4o. Umpire—
Scorer— Griffin.
| CHICAGO ON THE TOBOGGAN.
Senators Play _a.ll Around the West
ern Ball Jugglers.
NATIONAL "LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— AY. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ..«0 27 .690 Pittsburg ...46 42 .517
I Boston 63 33 .616 Cincinnati ..43 43 .500
Philadelphia 51 35 .593 Louisville ...37 49 .4.*W
: Baltimore ...50 3.". ..WS New Y0rk. ..35 .*e4 .293
Si Louis 50 36 .580 Washington 33 57 .367
I Chicago 46 39 .541 Cleveland ...15 73 .17)
CHICAGO, July 30.— The Senators outplayed
the Orphans at all stapes of the same to-day,
winning as they pleased. The clean fielding of
the. visitors and Freeman's hitting were the
features. Attendance, 4000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. X
Chicago 3 7 6
Washington 7 3!)
Batteries Garvin and Donahue; McFarland
ami Kittredge. Umpires— Emslie and McDon
ald.
1 CINCINNATI, July 30.— Seymour exploded in
Uio ninth inning to-day and allowed the Reds
to pull a game out of the fire. He allowed
••.v.. hits, gave two bases on balls and hit a
batsman in. this inning. Hahn scattered most
lof the hits made off him. Attendance, SSSO.
-
clubs- H. H. E
Cincinnati 5 4 l
New York.!"!!.'!! 4 10 3
Batteries— Hahn :>:■'! Peitz; Seymour and
Warner. Umpires— Connolly and Lynch.
LOUISVILLE. July 30.— Cunningham pitched
good ball In the first game and the result was
. never in doubt. The second game was a slug
ging match, and the visitors made a great
i effort to overcome the Colonel's long lead.
Dowling and Brashear were knocked out of the
bo* In the seventh inning.- Attendance, 0600.
Score of first game:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Till, Q 1 1 1
, Louisville 9 it 1
Cleveland - ' 3
Batteries Cunningham and /.inmior; Knepper
and Schrecongost. Umpires— and
Smith.
Score of second game:
Clubs— B. H. E.
Louisville 15 '3 3
Cleveland 13 21 6
Batteries Dowling, Brashear, Phlllppl anel
Powers: Coliflower, McAllister and Sugden.
Umpires Manassau and Smith.
ST. LOUIS, July 30.— O'Connor was injured
i hy a foul tip In to-day's game, and as Criger
: Is laid un for repairs Blake had to don the
■. mask. This broke Up the team and Brooklyn
had little trouble winning. Attendance, 17,000.
I Score:
Clubs— B. H. E.
St. Louis 6 & " 7
Brooklyn B 15 3
Batteries- Young, O'Connor and Blake: Dono
van and Farrell. Umpires O'Day and Mc
°arr '
MINOR BASEBALL.
Fresno's Team Succeeds in Defeating
the Merceds.
FRESNO, July 30.— The Fresnos broke
their hoodoo to-day by defeating Merced.
j Score: Fresno— Runs 9, hits 0, errors 6;
Merced— 7, hits 10, errors 6. Batter
ies—Maul and Bwartz; Grubb and llarrell.
SAX BERNARDINO, Ju_y 30.— San Ber
nardino defeated the Merchants of Los
Angeles at Athletic Park to-day in a
tournament game of ball by a score of 10
to i.
LOS ANGELES. July 30.-The San Diego
baseball team defeated the Los Angeles
team to-day by a score of 17 to 11. Los
Angeles nearly had the game won In the
sixth, when they had ten runs to San
Diego's six, but ragged fielding lost them
the game.
REDDING, July 30.— The Phoenix base
ball team of Sacramento crossed bats with
the J. E. Tonys of Bella Vista at -el
ding this afternoon. The Terrys won by
8 to 7. '*"-; --■*'. *'<■
COLUSA. July 30.— The game between
Colusa and the Athletics of Sacramento
"was won by the latter by a score of 2 to
:1. Bee ville, the pitcher for Colusa, had
seventeen strikeouts. Over GOO people were
present. Erros— Colusa I, Athletics 5.
MODESTO. July 30.— 'the baseball game
j between Modesto and Stockton this after
| noon resulted in a victory for Modesto by
; a score of l- to 5.
VISALIA, July 30.— The baseball league
' game to-day resulted as follows: Bakers
' held 18, Visalia 20. The score was tied
j In the ninth Inning and the game decided
l ln the tenth.
Fell From a Car.
IG. Nalelgo received a bad scalp wound
' last night by falling from a cable car at
: Twenty-eighth and Valencia streets. He
, was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
I where his Injury was attended to.
BALD BEATS
ZIMMERMAN
IN SLOW TIME
Their Match a Poor
Exhibition.
•
JERSEY MAN OUT OF FORM
4,
EITHER UNABLE OR UNWILLING
TO SPURT.
♦
The Buffalo Wheelman Permit.* His
Competitor to Set the Pace,
but Draws Away at
Will.
Special Dl_epati h to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 30. --The one-mile
scratch race between Arthur Zimmer
man and Eddie C. Bald to-day a' Vails- ■
burg. N. J., for -'■ guaranteed purse of
$1000 and a percentage 'if the gate receipts.
was a poor exhibition. The Jersey man
had the better .if the start, but Bald went
right up to him in a second, and for three
laps out of the four constituting tin- mile
there was not - is than the width of a
tape line between Eddie's leading wheel
and "Zimmy's" rear one.
This was kept up until after the fourth
lan had been finished, when Bald shot
ahead. Zimmerman was either tumble
or unwilling to make a spurt. Bald at
once put spans of da*- i-rht between them,
and finished four --arris ahead in 2:13.
The results in the other races were:
Half-mile open, professional— H. Jay Eaton,
Loraine, N. J., won; McFarland second, it. J.
Freeman. Portland. Or., third. Time. I*o2 2-5.
One mile handicap. professional— H. •'<*>
Eaton (40 yards), won. E. D Stevens. Buffalo
(60 yards) second. W. S. McGue. Berkeley
Oval, N. J., (100 yards) third, 'lime, ,i._.
Zimmerman and Bald have been idolized
by the wheelmen of America for years
Th.- former was champion In 1890,11891. }» -
and IS.-:- . Bald was Invincible in 189*>, 1896
and 1897. Both have been an honor to the
sport especially Zimmerman, who was the
most popular champion America has ever
developed. His first notable race was at
Peoria, 11!.. in I*- "'. when he defeated W.
\v in. lie. then amateur champion. zim
rode a Star bicycle, a lever propelled ma
chine, with a fifty-inch rear wheel and a
tiny steering one In front. On this odd bi
cycle Zimmerman won from the pick of
American riders. _, '
The following year he took to the safe
ty bicycle, which was just coming into
use Contrary to the- expectations ot ins
friends, he proved a better rider on the
small machine than he had been on his
cumbersome Star. lie won as he pleased
in an company in which he started. In
1592 he made a racing pilgrimage to Eng
land allowing himself but a trie period
in which to became acclimated. He won
the cue. five and fifty miles champion
ships of the National Cyclists Union. He
would have placed the fourth of the se
ries the twenty-flve-miles. to his credit
but for an unfortunate accident. It was
run in the rain, and another competitor
falling brought down Zimmerman. _
In the following year the champion
spent several months in France, where
cycling was on the flood tide of prosperi
ty He retained his marvelous form,
winning all his races with consummate
ease in his last year of success lie won
102 races in the severest competitions
I meeting a host of new riders under all
banner of conditions. His next venture
was a racing pilgrimage to Australia.
which was not a success. He was ill
throughout his entire stay In the col
onies and gave only one exhibition of
his wonderful ability. He was defeated
by J AY Parsons and others, but in his 1
last start he ran clean around -i large
field of men and electrified the great con
course of spectators by running away
from his competitors. That one race
saved the fame of Zimmerman in the an
tipodes. He has not raced in some years
until recently. He has regained his old
time speed but the- dash and the masterly
headwork are gone, and Zimmy, the best
known bicycle rider the wide world over,
must remain an ex-champion.
Edward C Bald has visit. -el this coast
three times his last trip being as one of
Tod Sloan's party some months since,
when he rode exhibitions at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion. He is a native of Buffalo,
X Y. He secured his start as a racing
man owing to some good work in road
races From this he graduated into in
door racing, He developed gradually un
til 1895 when he took the place of an in
jured rider on one fwf the racing teams at
that time supported by the bicycle manu
facturers. Bald was an "amateur," but
received a liberal salary and all his ex
penses In addition he won about $10,000
worth of diamonds, which could read
ily be turned Into cash!. He was the tin
disputed champion of America in 1895,
1896 and 1897. Last year he was shew to
round Into form, and was beaten by the
rapidly developing young riders. His
winnings have been invested in Buffalo
real estate, assuring him a competence
when he retires from the track.
UNIVERSITY )AT CREW
WILL GO TO ASTORIA
Berkeley Men on the Water Daily-
Preparing for the Pacific Coast
Regatta in t*_.e Northwest.
BERKELEY^ July 30.— 1t Is settled that
the University of California crew will go
to Astoria in August to take part in the
Pacific Coast regatta set for the ..nth.
Ever since the Berkeley men met with
success, at El Campo the . rowing spirit
in the boating '.association has risen- to. a
high pitch of enthusiasm, and the oars
men feel equal, to much greater efforts
than any they have made before. They
will go to Astoria with a fair share of
confidence in their chances of upholding
the blue and gold.
The men comprising the crew are: Roy
Fryer, James Mupper, I*, W. tyaggec
hauser, Clifton li. Tracy and Eddie Ham
mer (cockswain): The crew is training
every evening in the four-oared gig be
longing to the University •of California
Boating Association at Sessions basin.
Unfortunately the college has no barge
to enter In the race, and recourse must
be had to borrowing from some of the
boat clubs In the vicinity. It is expect
ed that the fast barge belonging to the
Stockton club may be secured for the
occasion. '
RACING AGAINST TIME.
• :: ;.■• ,: ;/■
Wheelman Hansen Tries for the
Thousand-Mile Record.
MINNEAPOLIS, July SO.— A. 11. Han
sen, the long-distance bicycle rider, start-
ed at 6:10 o'clock this morning on his at
tempt to break the 1000-mile world's rec
ord traveling over the- Mlnnetonka-Fort
Snelling course. The record is 105:19, held
by T. A. Edge of England, and Hansen is
living to bring this below 108 hours. II m
sen rode the first 100 miles in 5:25, break
ing the State record. At thirty miles
Hansen suffered a fail and was, injured
about the back. ' ,
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
Pacifies Defeat the California Eleven
by a Liberal Margin on the
Alameda Grounds.
The California cricket eleven met defeat
yesterday for the second time this season
at : the hands of the Pacific cricketers.
The captain of the Pacifies won the toss
and sent the Californias to the bat. E.
G. Sloman made a good start, scoring 49
runs; A. Dickenson followed with 27. and
O. J. Thomas with 12. The innings closed
for 117 runs. Harbour bowled well for
the Pacifies, taking 1 wickets for 33 run-..
SAPLING STAKES
WON BY A WONDER
he well took the same number for 57 runs.
For the Pacifies .1. Myers and C. Sim
monds placed the issue beyond doubt, the
former scoring 90 runs and the latter oS.
When time was called the Pacifies had
172 runs to their credit and only six wick
ets down.. Sloman was the most success;
ful bowler for the Californlas; taking a
wickets for 39 runs. The Pacifies won .be
match by 55 runs, with three wickets to
spare. The full scores follow:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
X, C. Sloman, b. Sewrtl 40
A. Dickenson, ft. •'. Theobald, b. Harbour... 27
A. R. Lubbock, st. G. Theobald, b. Sewell.. 7
O. J, Thomas, c. sub . b. Blmmonds 12
.1. ,1. Richmond, c Myers, b. Coles 1
VV. Reeves, <■. Myers, 1.. Harbour •- ; 7
Cl. jMightnan, c. sub., b. 5; we11... '..".". '..8
* Willi*, li. Harbour 0
I*. M. Gunn c. Myers, b. well 3
M. W, ~Wotts. not out 0
... Rrown, >■- Harbour 1
Rye 1, lejf bye V. _-
"«
Uuu* Mt full 'A en eh wicket-One for 52 two
for m. fbrre for fc7. four for «. five for 98. six
r.,r 99. m-v-n for 112, elpht for 114, nine for 114,
SUMMARY OF HOWLING.
, B. M. R- w.
'' : '■'■ .'" *
\ „ I
_
»4 -' •> «
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
. _.. on
,1 M en r. Lubbock, b Sloman ™
tr. ' w'.ntri..nrls. c. Willi", b. Sloman 33
I*. Sewell. b Sloman I
'•. i- Cotes, I. b. w'., b. Dickenson JJ
.1, .1 Theobald, c. sub., b Hl'. man 0
.1. 11 Harbour, b. Sloman -*
11. P. <;. Gordon, r.ot out •■
R >^l2:le K bye,C I
Total for ix wickets -. "-
O. Theobald. A. W. Wilding and AY. McDon
ald did not bat. ... .
Run* at fall of each wicket— One for 11-. two
for 122. Ihr-e for 12.-.. four for 128, flve for 1..5,
nix for 172.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
80. ■ B M- R VA*.
Olckennon 11* '
51am.m ....7."V."!""...."!120 8' 39 5
Bloman 120 8 39 r,
Gunn I** 0 16 0
. m . ' —
Sunday's Handball Sports.
Every available foot of standing room
In Phil Ryan's court at 858 Howard street
was occupied yesterday afternoon by the
lovers of handball. The day's sport
opened with the four young crack players,
Maguire, Whit-. Collins and Foy. The
two former won by a score of 21, 12, 21,
15. 21, against 11. lii. 17, 16. The other win
ners and losers are:
P. Ryan an.l R. Regrli defeated T. Lydon
an.l M.-s Klrby. Score: 21-16. 20-21, 21-15.
B. Clements and William Hassell defeated
(5 Murphy and Max Basch. Score: 21-19, 18-21,
21-17. - ,
Kleiber Abbott and R. Donlan defeated J.
.-.hart, and H. McNevln. Score: 21-16. 18-21,
21-13.
.1 Hand and H. Maxell defeated P. Mahoney
and M. Lee Score: 21-17. 19-21, 21-4.
B. Clements is making great Improvement In
his playing lately. He has again beaten one
of our handball placers, a. Collins. Score:
21-7. 21-19.
\V H. Sieberst and \V. D. O'Brien defeated
A White-man and YV. 11. Keeiian. Score: 21-13,
18-21, 21-1"..
A McA'icker and T. Leach defeated D. Regan
ar.d .1. Brown. Score: 2!-'.!. 11-21. 21-19. •
J, Dowlins and J. AVhite defeated M. Ma
guire and R. Housman. Score: 21-17, 12-21,
2i-]5.
M. McDonald and Max Base.l defeated P.
Rvan an.l D. O'Brien. Score: 21-13, 18-21. 21-18.
M. Maeulre and M McClure defeated K. Toy
and G. Murphy.' Score: 21-10, 12-21, 21-20. .
SMALL BOYS AND A BARGE.
Youngsters Cut a Freighter Loose
From Its Moorings.
Two small boys designing to become
seamen, with but little nautical knowledge
in their craniums cut adrift one of Henry-
Peterson's freight barges at the Folsom
street wharf yesterday afternoon. One
of the boys constituted himself . captain
and the other mate. Navigation was
scarcely perceptible with the hulk .hoc ed
to the wharf, so the captain and mate
simultaneously cast off the lines and
started for the open sea. The fide car
ried the youngsters out some distance
fore they were noticed, and a passing
tug had a narrow escape from colliding
with the -rudderless ship. Finally a
launch was secured and brought the cast
aways back to port.
The little chaps were so badly fright
ened when they landed tnat they were
unable to. tell their names. The inci
dent caused plenty of excitement on tne
water front, particularly when the big
tug was seen bearing down on the barge.
HORSES RUN AMUCK.
Lively Animals Dash. Up Market
Street, With Danger. to Life.
A band of horses which were awaiting
shipment at the water front yesterday
afternoon broke away from their keepers
and caused much commotion on Market
street shortly afterward as they dashed
up the main thoroughfare, endangering
life and property. There were about
twenty animals in the band, and after
their escape they were pursued by two
vaqueros. At the time there were com
paratively few people on Market street,
but those who chanced to be on crossings
took warning at the clatter and retreat
ed to safety. In some Instances women
sought the interior of saloons, and there
was a general stampede for convenient
doorways. The horses uashed along
at a breakneck speed and shied continu
ally. In front of the Phelan building two
of the animals stumbled and the remain,
der of the bunch narrowly escaped demol
ishing a cable car which was passing.
The horses were captured near the Pre
sidio.
Temperance Crusade.
The Young People's Christian Temper
ance Union of San Francisco will hold
meetings in this city every evening this
week, to be addressed by Rev. J. YV.
Webb, the State temperance lecturer, and
other prominent speakers. Vocal and in
strumental music, recitations, etc.. will
1,.- given. Admission free. The young
people of the V. P. S. C. I-:.. Epworth
League and all who are interested in tem
perance are invited to attend and assist
in the- good work. The programme for
the week Is as follows: To-morrow even
ing. Calvary Church; Tuesday evening,
Epworth M. E. Church, Twenty-sixth ami
Church streets; Wednesday evening,
Olivet Presbyterian Church, Mission, near
Twentieth street.
Not an Ambulance Driver.
In the list of the officials of the Board
of Health who will probably lose their
positions to-day one of the ambulance
drivers is given as W. R. Cluness. The
only person of that name connected with
the Board of Health is Dr. AY*. R. Cluness
Jr. of the . Receiving Hospital, and
says that lie would rather lose his posi
tion as a physician than as an ambulance
driver.
Fracas on a Train.
OAKLAND, July 30.— A. F. Street, a
Vallejo saloonkeeper, and John Jackson,
a resident of the' same- town, got info an
altercation while coming down mi the
train and during the mixup Jackson re
ceived a cut mi the head from a revolver
wielded by Street. Conductor McCarthy
arrested Street and turned him over to
the Oakland police at the Sixteenth
street station. At the police station
Street was charged with assault with a
deadly weapon.
Relics of the Fourth.
OAKLAND. July 30.— The Fourth of July
committee that had charge of the county
celebration at Haywards has completed
its statement of money received am! ex
pended. It shows 180411] to be the total
amount collected and $13230 still due and
unpaid*
Haywards Defeats tie O'Briens.
OAKLAND. July 30.— J. J. O'Briens
of San Francisco were defeated by the
Haywards baseball team to-da*- at the
Haywards Athletic Club's grounds by a
score of i."> to 12. The game was a slug
ging match with bat and ball throughout.
-.father Gleason to Lecture.
OAKLAND, July SO.— Father Gleason
will shortly deliver a lecture at Hay
wards. under the auspices of Golden State
Council, Young Men's Institute, on the
subject of "The Historical Position of the
Catholic Church in the "World."
DISKS AND LIVE
BIRDS FALL TO
GUN-CLUB MEN
♦
Clever Work at Ingle
side Traps.
— ♦ —
UNION CLUB'S PUBLIC SHOOT
— . — A
SEVERAL MEN KILL THEIR
BIRDS STRAIGHT.
4,
R. Itgen and W. Price Each Grass
Twelve Consecutively in the Mer
chandise Shoot, Where .
Pigeons Are Used.
The annual pigeon shoot of the Union
Gun Club was held yesterday on the
Olympic Gun Club grounds, Ingleside. The
merchandise shoot attracted an entry of
twenty-four, and some clever work was
done by the gunmen. R. Itgen and \\*.
Price each killed hia dozen birds straight.
Those who missed but one were M.
Michelsen, C. .Vollam, Mr. Trask and H.
C. Golcher. The score in detail follows;
C. T. Mitchell 20120122121 2—lo
F. Walpert 21222011102 I—lo
M. McDonnell 11221* 1102« , -l
J. :. Donneil 012 11110 11 2—lo
It. Iteen 12 12 2 2 2 22221
M. Michelsen 112121202211 II
I. Vernon 2210121011*2
E. Forster 12221210220 2—lo
T. Colt 2200122 1.1 110—9
W. Price 1111211222 2-12
I. R. Davis 1 'I 'i J 1 Withdrawn
C. We. llam 11111120122 I—ll
Mr. Trask '"• l - 2 1111111 I— ll
<:. t'lat-rouifh 011120200111—
H. C. Golcher 02222121222 I—ll
E. Peterson *. 101112 0*2210—8
A. F. Heines '00021110120— «
J. Wilson 01020102*110-6
.'. Debenham 11210**11212— 9
A Preece 1*1*1220000 2—6
O. Fisher 1111*112021*— 9
G. Belloff 200111000000—4
II B. Ho.-mer 21111*112*1 I— lo
J. Plsani 1120*12122*2—9
In the club match Smith and T. Swee
ney divided, each making a clean score,
as shown in the following:
J. Sweeney 2 2 22 12 2' 2211 2—12
R. Llddle 21011220122 1-10
K. Klevesahl 2212111*222 I—ll
Smith 21121012*220—9
K. Olsen 121220201 0 0 1— 8
Fay 02012102222 2—
"McSmlth" 11111112112 1-12
.1. Rruns 10 1112 2 0 111 I—lo
E. Ladd 211*11101011—9
An open match at six birds, high gun
to win. resulted as follows:
R. Llddle. 6: E. Vernon, 5: C. T. Mitchell. 3:
E. S. Michelson. 5: J. Brekerstaff. 5; E. Peter
son, 3: Debenham, 5; M. McDonnell, 4; F. AA'al
pert, 5: Trask. 0; J. McDonnell, 3; N. Fay. 2;
A. F. Heines, 2; E. H. Ladd, 3; C. M. AVol
lam 6.
The last event on the day's programme
was a freeze-out, and was won by E. S.
Michelson. - '..-•
SCULLERS IN COMPETITION.
! Dolphins Entertain Many Friends
With Boat itaces and Various
Amusing Contests.
The cozy quarters of the Dolphin Boat
ing Club yesterday was given over to la
dies' day. From 10 in the morning until
late in the afternon the clubhouse was
crowded with ladies and brother oarsmen.
Though it was pleasantly warm in thq
sheltered cove the water outside was
rough and choppy, an ebb tide meeting a
strong westerly breeze.
The first event on the programme was
the second race for the Dolphin diamond
medal, which was won easily by the hold
er, George Baker, his competitor. Dr. F.
R. Ax ton, having his outrigged skiff
swamped. The distance was about one
and a half miles and. the winner's time 13
minutes 52 seconds. The special rave be
tween H. Piess and T. M. Ferguson was
rowed In gigs, the water being too rough
for outrigged skiffs. T. M. Ferguson,
steered by F. "W. Woernner, won In 25
minutes ii' seconds. The loser was steered
by A. P. Rothkopf. There is talk of an
other contest between the two scullers.
The Italian crew not appearing, the in
ternational barge race resolved itself into
a contest between the- Irish and German
fours. The German crew, made up of
A. P. Rothkopf, bow; F. W. VVoernner,
Ho. 2; W. E. Bush, No. 3; A. W. Pape,
stroke, and A. E. Schuppert, cockswain,
defeated by severe lengths the wearers
of the green J. Sullivan, bow; C. M.
Farrell, No. 2; VV. O. Patch, No. 3; T. J.
Kennedy, stroke, and J. S. Earls, cock
swain. Distance, about one mile; time, S
minutes 7 seconds.
A skiff race in which A. \A'. Tape start
ed in the disguise of an old countryman,
Lester Hammersmith being dressed as his
wife, furnished much amusement.
Dr. Rienl's exhibition, in which he float
ed on the water with his clothing In a
waterproof lias, and was towed along by
a kite, excited considerable Interest.
A 300-yard swiming race attracted ten
entries, handicapped as follows: IS. 11.
Coney, 135 seconds; AY*. <>. Patch, 130 sec
onds; J. S. Earls, 120 seconds; J. Farrell,
120 seconds; C. M. '-.arrell. 110 seconds; J.
Sullivan, 110 seconds; A. Brannan, 90 sec
onds; \V. Bush, 60 seconds; Lester Ham
mersmith. 30 seconds; A. AY.. Pape.
scratch. When Pape dived Into the water
two minutes and fifteen ends after th".
limit man it seemed as though lie could
not hope to close the gap between him
self and the previous starters, but at the
turn he had overhauled some of his com
petitors and. alter a fine exhibition Of
speed won out The time from the start
of the limit man to Rape's finish was 6
minutes and 30 seconds, making Tapes
time l minutes and 15 seconds. This was
one of the most interesting events of the
day: The winner received a gold medal.
Lester Hammersmith, who finished sec
ond gained a silver medal, and C. M. Far
rell third, earned a prize.
The six or seven contestants who at
tempted to walk along a well-greased pole
to secure an American Hag at the end of
it caused much merriment by their gal-
lant but fruitless efforts. After several ef
forts J. ***• Earls slid to the end and cap
tured the flag.
The officials of the day were as follows:
J B. Kee nan. starter; A. B. TFeadwell.
referee: T. ■'■ Kennedy, marshal; A. AY*.
Pape. handicapper; A. P. Rothkopf. A. 1..
Schuppert, Dr. T. L. Mahoney and F. C.
Staib, timers; W. 11. Schumacher, P. vofi
Hadeln. T. A. Keogh and Dr. J. S. Hill,
judges. •
Many Pioneer, Ariel, Triton and South
End oarsmen accepted the Dolphins' invi
tation and enjoyed the day's sport. J.
Hopper, F. AY'aggershauser. A. D. Smith
and T. Tracy, the intermediate barge
crew of the University of California, were
among the interested spectators. The
Berkeley boys will go Into training for
the Astoria regatta, though they have not
yet secured the use of a suitable- barge of
the present day type.
COLUMBUS TROTS AND PACES.
Searchlight Will Again Meet Ana
conda and Frank Bogash.
COLUMBUS. Ohio.. July 30.— The grand
circuit meet of the Columbus Driving As
sociation, which opens to-morrow, prom
ises to surpass all previous ones in the
quality of the racing and the magnitude
of the attendance. The races which will
excite special enthusiasm this week are
the three fast pacing races— the 2:04, the
2:07 and the 2:10. ln the lirst there are
entered Anaconda, Searchlight, Frank
Bogash, Chehalis, Prince Alert, Directly
and several others.
The 2:07 pace will bring together twenty
one starters, among them Egozen. F. B.
Powell's entry, Pearl Onward. Dan Q.
Edith \V <2:OGVi), who won the 2:12 pace
at Detroit: Lady of th.: Manor, Prince
Alert and Sherman Clay.
Many of tbe horses which were entered
at Cleveland last are in the entries, which
numbered on the close over 300. The
purses aggregate 540,000.1 Alameda
FAMILY PARTY
QUICKLY GOES
TO FRAGMENTS
Mayor Assumes That
Old-Time Smile.
-— «• —
MOTT IS TO BE COMMISERATED
— —
HE AND GIRARD NEED MUCH
WATCHING.
Big Rumpus Caused Because King
David's Advice Was Ignored to
"Put Not Your Trust in
Princes."
♦
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July SO.
That little combine among the Council
men has gone to pieces, and the frag- i
ments are to be found In a dozen different j
places. That meeting of the committee of j
the whole was a revelation. No one was
prepared for the display of bitterness an _
the innuendo that was hurled by one
member at another. It explained much
that for a few weeks had been rather
obscure. It dispelled some rumors and
•Added strength to others, and to those
who took the leading parts the incident
of last Monday night seemed to afford
marked relief, as though the many ebul
litions had been corked up for a long
time.
The events which led up to the many
outbursts of personality have been for
gotten, but B-..me of the remarkable
speeches will influence every vote
taken In the Council till the end of its
term. The manner In which the Council
was taught not to put its trust in princes
—especially in Prince Poniatowski— ls a
past Incident. It will be catalogued with
many other little affairs of the same kind,
but the debate over the report will live
as long as there are Cuvelliers or Rowe.
or Girards or Motts in the City Council.
As is usual in such incidents, there was
absolutely no need for it. The fact upon
which the present agitation for a munici
pal water plant was founded had been
exploded weeks before and all the Coun
cilmen knew it. When Mr. Cuvellier ex
hibited his extraordinary haste to have
the whole matter referred to his commit
tee he had something on which to build.
The Prince had talked facts and figures
and presumably meant business. Before
Mr. Cuvellier prepared his report it was
known thai the Prince had fallen down;
that he had hedged the whole scheme
around with so many impossible condi
tions that it was a flat failure so far as
Oakland is concerned. This was all known
and every member of the Council had read
of it in The Call. There was therefore no
need to have called a meeting of the com
mittee of the whole to discuss Mr. I'uvel
lier's report, because It was known be
forehand that any discussion would be
unproductive of result. Under these cir
cumstances the Councilmen were to be
pardoned for not becoming enthusiastic
over a proposition already dead.
There was much that was commend
able ln the position taken by Mr. Rowe.
He objected very forcibly to the Council
taking up every old water scheme and ad
vertising it for its owners, well knowing
that no good would come of it. Whether
he meant to infer that the Prince had al
ready "worked" the Council via Cuvellier,
or whether Cuvellier referred to Rowe In
his remark about Insincerity, are points
for the two gentlemen to decide between
themselves. It Is clear, however, that
Mr. Rowe wants no more rainbow chasing
in the matter of municipal water plants.
There may be water enough in the arte
sian belt that ruts through Roberts
Landing to supply ten Oaklands or not
one San .i.elrei. but no actual good can
come from the visit. of a few Councilmen
last Saturday. The most that could be
done would be the sampling of the water
and anything else that Captain Roberts
might present for sampling. This could
just as well be done by any one member
of the Council and better still by the
City Chemist, who could tell of what the
water is actually composed. Nothing but
a thorough survey by an expert could re
veal whether the supply be large or
small or whether it might not be entirely
cut off by some little meteorological freak
in the Sierras. A junketing trip by a few
Councilmen cannot prove of any value,
and it is these non-productive affairs that
draw out the ire- of the Councilmen, the
disgust, of the public, and that lay the
foundation for all th. talk about playing
to the gallery. All this buncombe has
long since ceased to deceive, and the
sooner this fact is appreciated the sooner
will the history of the rise and fall of
mushroom office-seekers be materially
abbreviated.
Ariel the Mayor— who can blame him for
the self-satisfied smile that crept over his
face while those Councilmen were per
spiring blood arguing over goats' wool?
That little dinner party where a type- I
written list of appointments was present
ed to him must have appeared to him
Inst Monday night as a nightmare.
Where was the harmony that nine out of
the eleven Councilmen had shown regard
ing those appointments? During the heat
of the arguments had, the Mayor intro
duced a resolution declaring thai Mr. Mil
ler was the worst Superintendent of
Streets thai Oakland had ever known,
lie would probably have got eight votes
for it even if the resolution were to be
rescinded at the next meeting. Never
again need the Mayor feel that a ma-'
jority of he Council can be depended
upon' to follow a programme. The chains
are broken. The leashes have he-en
clipped and each of the eleven Councilmen
is evtdentlv at liberty to make the race
f--.r-M.ivor if he loses and to do it in the
manner most pleasing to him.
Mr. Mott is to be pitied. He has an idea
-a large one. He believes that if Oak
land were to .-, something, something
might be done. Mr. Mott has exposed
himself to the shafts of every obstruction
ist and silurian that exists, and will per
haps he adjudged by some to be a ; it sub
ject for an asylum. lie is engaged in
business] and has discovered that wharves
six- necessary adjuncts to a water front
that expects to be the scene of comm-.r
cirtl development. Mr. Motl believes that
at bond issue for the purpose of building
wharves and docks is worthy of the con
sideration of Oakland. Every man who
knows enough of this city to justify him
in f xpressing his opinion knows that this
is true. A million spent on docks and a
million In nark and permanent Improve
ments would do more for Oakland than
anything else that could possibly be de
vised.
But Mr. Motl Is to bo pitied for having
such an advanced idea. He must be an
ego that has skipped .i few re-embodi
ments and come back half a century too
soon. What can he be wanting? Un
doubtedly he, too, ls In the race for
Mayor.
Mr. Glrard also has an idea that
sounds as strange and foreign as that of
Mr. Mott. Mr. oirard believes that a city
should encourage Industries to locate in
Its midst. ii. believes that what ls worth
having is worth seeking and worth work
ing for. He has asked the City Council
to undertake an investigation along these
linos. Mr. 'ill-are! is aware of the fact
that a Texas city recently sent circulars
to ever- manufacturing concern In the
United States, offering a free site, free
power and exemption from taxation fer
ten years to all who would remove their
plant;; to Texas. It is not generally
known, but one of the largest manufac
turing plants In Oakland Is at this hour
negotiating on lust such an offer. Mr.
Girard believes that what Texas can offer
Oakland can improve upon.
But the Councilman from the Second
1*2.5*1.1
JACOB ROSENBERG CALLED
SUDDENLY BY DEATH
JACOB ROSENBERG, a prominent wool merchant doing business at 221
Front street, dropped dead yesterday while on his way with his wife to
visit some friends in Berkeley. The deceased gentleman had been trou
bled with heart failure for some time previous to his sudden end. His
death was no doubt hastened by his anxiety to secure a small hand-basket
which his wife had left behind her in the waiting-room of the Oakland
ferry, at the foot of Market street, while on their way to board the ferry boat
for the purpose of spending the afternoon with some friends in Berkeley.
It was understood by both Mr. and Mrs. Rosenberg that there was some
valuable Jewelry in the hand-basket, and its temporary loss excited him. On
reaching the place where the basket had been left he was seen to place his hand
over his heart and gasp for breath. He fell where he was standing and x
pired almost immediately. Sergeant Avon of the harbor police sent to the
Receiving Hospital for the ambulance, but finding that death had don.- its
work the Coroner was notified, and Deputy John D. Sullivan with the Morgue
wagon removed the body to the Morgue.
The deceased was born in Findlay, Ohio, 59 years and 6 months ago. He
arrived In California in 1858 and at once connected himself with the Marysville
Appeal, where he remained until IS7T, when he ram.- to San Francisco and en
tered the employ of Moody & Farish, wool dealers. On the retirement of this
firm he opened business for himself, and with his three sons, R. < '. . G. A. and
I_,. R. Rosenberg, successfully carried on the business.
Mr. Rosenberg belonged to the Ancient Order United Workmen and Knights
of Honor. He resided with his family at 2319 Sacramento street.
must be wanting something. No one will
credit him with being sincere. He, toe>,
must certainly be in the race for Mayor.
Some day. perhaps, this city will wake
up and will shake the wool off Its eyes.
It will then discover how many sincere
men it has mistrusted, how many dema
gogues it has worshiped, and how much
capital has been kept away because of
the mouthings of men who are forever
stepping on their own shadows, and whose
DOlftical ambitions dwarf any honor they
may have had and blind their consciences.
The Mayor was honest enough a few
days ago to write a letter for publication
saying that he had talked too much, an.l
had better "cork up." At the celebrated
committee meeting he sal.l In an aside:
"I think there is need of some of my
corks."
There is need for about seven.
ART W. BOOTH.
Funeral of Dr. Adams.
OAKLAND. July 30.— The remains of
Dr J. S Adams, who died very suddenly
near Calistoga yesterday, arrived here
to-day. The funeral will be held next
Tuesday at 2 p. m. from the Masonic
Temple' under the auspices of Oakland
Lodge No. 188, F. and A. M. Deceased
was also a member of Oakland Lodge of
Odd Fellows.
■ ♦ . 1
Rebuilding a Destroyed Church.
'. AND. July ..".--The M. E. Church
OAKLAND IS NOW SEEKING FOR A
BETTER MUNICIPAL WATER SUPPLY
OAKLAND. July .10.— of the
serious questions now agitating
Oakland's City Council is that of
the acquisition of a municipal
water supply. The matter has long
been discussed and has now pro
gressed so far that property has been
bonded with a view that the city
might, If the voters Bee fit, become
the owner of deep-water wells from
which the supply may prove equal to
the city's demands.
For the past few days members of
the City Council have boon viewing
the property of Captain Roberts near
Han Lorenzo. As stated in to-day's
Call, a party of Councilmen yesterday
visited the Roberts property, and the
impression left on the Counctlmen was
.so favorable that the property has
been bonded. To-day another party
of city father:; visited the wells,
among them Councilmen Mott, Shaffer
and others, and from what can be
gathered from them they also found
THE SAU FBAK CISCO CAjIL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1899.
OAKLAND
at Haywards. which was nearly destroyed
through a grass tire- on the Fourth, is
being rebuilt. The lecture-room was com
paratively uninjured, and the walls of the
church proper are in such condition that
they can be used in the reconstruction,
the contract\for which has been awarded
to John Hoar.
Succeeds Disgraced Gloria.
OAKLAND. July 30. St. Joseph's Por
tuguese Church on Chestnut street was
thronged to-day with an unusually large
congregation. Rev. Father A. D. de
Campos, formerly of Napa, and who hast
gained many praises for his good work
in the missionary field at the Sandwich
Islands, has been placed in charge of the
church and parish, temporarily at least.
Father d.- Campos made a decidedly fa
vorable impression, so much so that the
unpleasant notoriety of Father Gloria-,
recent unfrocking seems now to be a thing
of the world and not of the church, where
supreme harmony dwells twixt priest and
parish.
■ ♦ ■
Board of Trade for Haywards.
OAKLAND. July 30.— A meeting will be
held in the Town Hall at Haywards to
morrow night by the merchants of that
thriving town, with a view of organizing
a board of trade. Prominent among those-
Interested in the proposition are: H. E.
Brunrier. Charles Heyer. A. Alexander, P.
F. Gray, J. Coreia, P. B. Clark, John Hoar
and others.
the water of an excellent, soft quality
and In an apparent supply equal to
f./SL|
PLAYS BOTH
ENDS AGAINST
THE MIDDLE
Frank Mott's Secrets
Come to Light.
— — _
WHY HE WISHED TO END LIFE
— ♦ — ■
BONDSMEN SURRENDER HIM
AND HE IS JAILED.
' •
Lady Love Writes of His Infidelity
to His Deserted Wife in lowa
and She Sends Him the
Epistles.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 30.
Frank Mott, the San Pablo avenue grip
man who yesterday made an almost suc
cessful attempt to end his life by cut
ting his left wrist with a razor, with
the purpose of hying himself hence from
this vale of tears, has, in street parlance,
"jumped out of the frying-pan Into the
fire."
When Mott was arrested last May fur
- assault with a deadly weapon upon Miss
Eliza Schomberg, the buxom blonde ser
vant girl of Fruitvale, he was release.!
i on furnishing $200 bonds. Druggist Robert
Bell and Mr. Shiffey of the Postofflce res
taurant were his sponsors. The trial has
been postponed from time to time ever
! since, as there was no Inclination on the
pari of any one to press the matter, and
moreover he had already been pretty
heavily fined for carrying a concealed
: weapon.
Shortly before midnight last night,
about the time Dr. Howe at the Receiving
Hospital expressed the sanguine words
that he was out of danger, Mott's two
bondsmen declared their intention to sur
render the grlpman to the police authori
ties. They were no longer anxious to take
any chances, fearing that Motl might
either make another attempt on his life
or in case of his recovery skip out, and
they thereby become answerable In the
sum of th. bond given. Accordingly Motl
was this morning removed to the City
Prison and unless he can secure new
bondsmen he will languish in durance vile
until his ease is tried.
When seen at the City Prison to-day
Motl figuratively clapped .1 padlock upon
his lips. He- refused to talk about his
troubles or give any reason for his rash
attempt at self-destruction other than
that it was owing to troubles.
His secret however, has been divulged
through a friend to whom Mott retailed
his woes last night, and It now develops
- that he tried to kill himse.i. because Mi -
Schomberg, with whom he was infatuated,
had not only thrown off on him because
Of the alleged assault upon her last May.
but because the young domestic had also
written letters to his wife at Dcs Moines.
, la., relating to the deserted woman the
adventures of her wayward- husband,
charging him point-blank with Infidelity
and conduct otherwise not in accordance
with the rules married men are supposed
to follow. _,_ ,_ ..
Some of these letters Mrs. Mott sent
back from Dcs Moines to her recreant
spouse to show her cognizance of his
waywardness, and at th.- same time up
braiding him for so cruelly breaking his
i matrimonial vows. j
These letters were found on Mott when
he was removed to the Receiving Hospi
tal and they are now In the- hands of the
police. Mott will probably be arraigned
for trial as soon as he has recovered suf
ficient strength. Dr. J. 11. Todd is now
attending him at the City Prison, and
reports that his patient will have suffi
ciently recovered to stand trial In a few
days. _
Lost Part of His Foot.
ALAMEDA. July 30.— Louis P. Howe.
grandson of Mrs. Mary Clawlter of Cen
tral avenue, met witn a painful accident
recently while prospecting at Little
Minook in the Klondike region. He was
wielding a pick, when it slipped, striking
squarely on his right foot, tearing the
flesh to the bone. Dr. Honecker. who
was with him, dressed the wound, the
ration requiring thirteen stitches. The
gash however, did not heal, and It was
found necessary to amputate part of the
fOOI Young Howe was taken to St.
Michael where he is rapidly recovering.
He will return to his home in Alameda
•as soon as he is able.
Professor Le Conte's Courses.
BERKELEY, July Professor Joseph
!..- Conte, head of the department of geol
ogy and zoology in the university of Cali
fornia, will offer no courses this year to
freshmen and sophomores. In an inter
view to-day Professor Le Conte raid thai
his lectures would after be confined
almost exclusively to upper classmen and
graduates who are taking the more ad
vanced courses In those- subjects.
any future demand.
The matter of ultimately accom
plishing the municipal ownership of
water rests, however, wholly with the
people of Oakland. Mayor Snow did
not go on the trip to-day, though he
had intended to. However. In speak
ing of the water supply at the Roberts
wells the Mayor said:
"I believe that the Council is now on
the right track aw far as locating a
good water supply for Oakland is con-
cerned. I have always considered
these Roberts wells a good thing and
am more than glad that they are being
visited with a view of considering
seriously the problem of acquiring
them for the city."
Councilman Girard. who went out
yesterday with the Stetson party, was
exceedingly enthusiastic. "They are
fine wells,'' said he. "Yes. I stand
ready to advocate their purchase."
Berkeley \
CENTRAL CLUB
PLAN MEETING
WITH FAVOR
The Scheme of Mayor
Snow Assured.
— —
MEETING OF SUB-COMMITTEE
4)
CONSTITUTION AND BY-LAWS
ARE DISCUSSED.
♦
Six Improvement Clubs Have Already
Banded Together to Organize
a Fountain Head for Oak
land's Welfare.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 30.
The idea conceived and urged by May •>'
Snow of forming a Central Improvement.
Club as a fountain head of the various
improvement clubs of this city is rapidly
reaching that stage where its accom
plishment Is asssured.
The sub-committee appointed recently
by the- various clubs t.i arrange for the
organisation of a central club held an
enthusiastic meeting last night in the
rooms of the Oakland Board of Trade.
; Among the clubs represented at the meet
. ing were: The West Oakland, by H. W.
Watkins, W. W. Morrison. G. W. Drake:
North Oakland, by C. Bowman, C. Oe-_
--cormiers, J. R. Dewar; Twenty-third
Avenue District, by N. K. Foster, F. W.
Fernhoff. S. Swift; Golden Gate, by C. A.
. Chichester, 11. T. Burns, Dr. L. A.
Teague; Boulevard and Peralta Heights.
by Charles D. Hayes, H. H. Welch, Jonn
yule. Linda Vista Improvement Club has
also signified its approval of the central
club idea and was taken into the fold
: last night.
i ! The chair appointed a committee of or
■ ganization, together with a constitution
and ley-laws. This committee will meet
1 to-morrow night and thereafter report
' and submit the result of Its work to the
• general committee, which will meet next
Wednesday night.
, The plan must likely to prevail is that
! of restricting the membership In the pro
posed Central Improvement Club to those
i ; who are on the rolls of the clubs in the
I scheme. The central club will then ob
t viously serve the purpose of drawing to
: gether in regular sessions members of
- all the Improvement clubs in this
' city, affording an opportunity of com
! tuning upon propositions of public im
provements which might he deemed
- timely and for the best welfare of th.-.
i city.
; The representatives in the central club
i —live to he selected from each club inter
i , ested— would be in very much the same
, position as delegates to a general confer
-1 ence of improvement clubs.
i ■
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, July 30.— Rev. W. A.
Wadell of Brazil delivered a missionary
address to-night at t,he Union-street
Presbyterian Church.
Rev. Or. E. R. Dllle, pastor of the First
M. E. Church, spoke this morning on the
subject, "Is This an Age of Faith, or an
Age 'if Doubt?" To-night the pastor dis
cussed "Optimism and Pessimism."
"The Open Heaven" was the subject of
an eloquent sermon by Rev. Charles R.
Brown at the- First Congregational Church
to-night.
Rev. Charles' E. Brodt, who has been
supplying the pulpit of the First Pres
byterian Church during Rev. Coyle's ab-
nee, preached his farewell sermon to
night, choosing "Heaven" as his topic.
This morning he spoke on "Capturing a
Community for Christ."
At St. Pauls Church Rev. R. Ritchie
preached to-day on the subject "The Fa
thers and the Children."
Mrs. Annie T. Armour conducted the
service*- tee-day at the Church of the Naz
arene. which has recently been removed
to 507 Sixteenth street. On next Wednes
day Rev. Herbert Buffum. the hoy evan
gelist, will begin evangelistic services at
this church.
"Let Him That Thinketh He Standeth
Take Heed Lest He Fall" was the topic
on which Rev. A. Jatho preached an in
structive sermon to-day at St. Markus'
German Evangelist Lutheran Church.
Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church, spoke this morn
ing on "The Ascension," and at the even
ing service he discussed "The Christian
Outlook."
Rev. William N. Meserve. at the First
Free Baptist Church, took for his subject
to-night "Heaven's Life Insurance."
The services in the Exposition building
continue with good attendances and are
exciting considerable religious enthusiasm.
Dr. C. U. Martin preached there to-night
on the theme. "Christ's Second Advent."
"lngersoll's Place Among Men" was the
subject of an interesting discourse by
Rev. E. Francis Brown, nastor at the
Thirty-fourth-street M. E. Church to
night.
Rev. Leonard Garver this afternoon de
livered his fifth and last address of the
series on "Life Lessons From Christian
Literature" at the V. M. C. A. auditorium.
He discussed the character and book
"Silas Warner." by George Eliot, his |
theme being "The Transforming Power of
Love."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 33—5 r m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 Pan Diego gg
Fresno M Sacramento £2
Los Angeles SO Independence .. M
Red Bluff 92 Yuma {(M
San Luis 0bi5p0...... 76
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
64; minimum. 52; mean, 38.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy along the
coast from Point Reyes north and fair In the
interior. Light showers and thunderstorms are
reported from Washington .met Northwestern
Oregon.
The pressure has risen generally over the
Pacific Slope and fallen over the Rocky Moun
tain region.
The temperature has risen generally along
the Immediate coast and fallen over the pla
teau region.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather '
Monday In California. ]
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty j
hours ending midnight July 31. ISM: !
Northern California Fair Monday; warmer;
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh '
northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair- Monday.
- Utah— Fair Monday; cooler in northern por
tion.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh northwest wind.
G. II WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
SUN. MOON AND TIDK.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey- i
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at ,
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about |
twenty five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JULY 31.
Sun rises 5:12 ,
Sun sets 7:19
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
O Time Time! Tlmel |Tlme,
» Ft. I Ift I ~ ! Ft. - - 1 ! •"•
? L. W .II W Li W HW|
» .. 1:04 0.2 7:56 3.9 32:03 2.9 6:441 6.1
1 ... 2:05—0.1 9:08 4.0 1:14 3.0 7:40 5.3
2 .. — 0.3 10:01 4.4 2:16 3.1 8:32! 3.S
3 .. 3:42 -0.5 10:42 4.51 3:10 3.0 9:20 5.S
4 .. 4-21 —0.5 11:19 4.8] 3:59 2.9 10:05 o.S
5 .. 4:54 4 11:50 3.1! 4:41 2.6! 10:49 5.7
6... 5:23-0.3 12:131 5.21 5:22; 2.4| 11:26| 5.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eaily morning tides are given In the left
I hand, column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
I second time column gives the second tide of
I the day. the third time column the third tide
I and the last or right hand column gives the
I last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
! given are additions to the soundings on the
, United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
' and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
; reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ■ I Due.
Chas. Nelson. ..|St. Michael July 31
City of Puebla. I Victoria & Prnret GoundlJuly 31
Santa Rosa {San Diego July 31
Pomona Humholdt July 31
S.unol Grays Harbor Aug. 1
Mackinaw Tacoma Auk. 1
Newburg drays Harbor [Aug. 1
Robt. Adamscn.|Nanaimo Aug. 1
Baracouta lAcapulco Auk. 2
Arcata ICoos Day Aug. 2
North Fork IHumboklt Aug. 2
! Empire Coos Bay Aug. 3
: Weeott Humboldt Aug. 3
! Coos Hay Newport Aug. 3
| Cleveland Puget Sound Aug. 3
State California Portland Aug. 3
Progreso Seattle Auk- 3
Corona Pan Diego Aug. 4
Point Arena [Point Arena Au^. 4
Willamette (Seattle Aug. 4
Bristol Departure Bay 'Aug. 4
Hongkong Maru!China and Japan Aug. 5
Thyra China and Japan Aug. 5
Bonita [Newport Aug. 6
Walla Walla ..JVlctorla & Puget Pound Aug. 6
Fulton 'Portland 'Aug. 6
A. Blanchard.-.'Coos Bay Aug. 6
! Columbia I Portland Aug. £
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination. |
Sails.
Pier.
Pt. Arena. .lPotnt Arena. .Uuty It. I rmlPltr 2
Bnnlta 'Newport I.Tuly 31. 9 am Pier 11
Aloha 'Point Arena. .! July 31, 3 rm!Pier 2
City P«"kln« "•hlnn&.lannniAiiK. I. I pm'PMSS ;
Brunswick Oregon Ports. I Aug. 1. 10 am! Pier 20
Aloha I Point Arena.. I Aug. 1. 3 pmlPter 2
Benha Ist. Michael. Vug. I. 2 pmiPier 3* ■
Samoa . . Huml >ldt Aug. 2. 10 ami Pier 2
Santa Rosa Dleiro ..lAuk 2. 11 ami Pier 11
Coqutlle R. Grays Tlarbnr'Auir. 2. 2 pmiPier T>
Pomona ...IHumholflt lAiir. 2. ! Pier 9
Sunn! IGrays Harbor Auk. 2.12 mlPicr is |
Arcata .... Coos Bay lAub. 4, 10 am' Pier 13
Coos Newport lAur. 4, 9 am ' Pier 11
City PuebJ«!Vi<' & Pet Sd.lAuK. 4. 10 am Pier 9
Newburg ..IGrays Harbor! Aug. 4. 6 pml
Corona ISan IMwtt) lAng. «, 11 amlPler 11
St.it*- of Ca''P'Ttlnr''l lAug. li. 10 nmiPier il
SHIPPING l\TI_Ll-I(.EXtl_.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, July 30.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, 20 days M
hours from Panama ami way ports.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith. 29 days 11 hours
no minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 |
days 10 hours, via Honolulu 6 days 11 hours j
55 minutes. . .
Hr stmr Gaelic. Finch. 28 days 14 hours 46 j
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days .
11 hours 21 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days 1
hour 53 minutes.
Stmr Washtenaw, Cmscun. S<* hours from |
Tacoma. , . __
Stmr Glnsy, I.eland, 24 hours from Moss i
Landing. . . -»"•'_
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. 11 hours from Point j
Arena. . , ,
stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from i
Green woe .]. ■■
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear .
Harbor. . _ __, .
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 55 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Crescent city. 32 hours from Crescent
< 'it\'
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, 72 hours
from Grays Harbor.
Hr ship Ancalos, Fulton, 182 days from Liv
er Fr°bk Touralne, Turbe. 129 days from Swan-
Schr Monterev, Peck. 23 hours from Usal.
Schr Mary C. Matsen, 8 hours frem Fort
Sclir Mary Etta, Anderson, 11 hours from j
Bowi Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday. July 30.
Ptmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett. Ventura.
Steam launch Magic. Turner, San Pedro.
Ship C F Sargent. Haskell. Seattle.
Pktn Archer, Calhoun. Hilo.
Schr Spokane, Jamleson. Port Gamble.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Johnson, Karluk
Schr North Bend. Palmgren, Grays Harbor.
Schr J O Wall. BJornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Bessie K. Nielsen, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 30. in p. m.— Weather j
hazy; wind NW; velocity 2" miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Fr bk Touralne— July 23. lat 3.*. N. long
Hi. w- Br ship Claverdon. from Swansea, for
San Francisco.
Per Hr bk Ventura- -July 25. lat 38 x, long
130 w— Hr ship Arlstomene, from nitrate ports
for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived July SO— Schr Mary
Buhne, hence July 23.
Sail-el July 30— Stmr Fulton, for Astoria.
Ptmr Pomona, for San Francisco. Schr Eclipse,
for Pan Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 30— Pchr American
Girl, for San Francisco. Schr Meteor, for San
Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 30— Stmr Al-KI,
■ from Alaska.
Palled July 30— Stmr Progreso, for Pan Fran-
Cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND- Palled July 30— Pchr Me
teor, for San Pedro. Pchr American Girl, for
San Francisco.
hurt TOWNSEND Arrived July 30— Br
ship Karoo, from Shanghai.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 29— Schr Melancthon
from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG — Palled July 30— Chester A,
in tow of stmr Novo, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— PoIIed J'*_- 30— Stmr Empire, for
Pan Franch __.„___
PAN DIEGO— Arrlvrr. July — Schr Azalea,
from Grays Harbor.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 30— Stmr Mas
d.-tam. from Rotterdam.
FOREIGN* PORTS, i
HONOLULU— Arrived July 23- U S stmr Re- j
lief from Manila.
Sailed July a— Schr Viking, for Puget
Pound. _-.„_._.
To sail about July 27-1* S stmr Relief, for j
San Francisco. _ __
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 29— Br ship Fair- |
port, for Port Townsend.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
Hit MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHt CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT i:3O P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. Ill* - Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1593.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. '8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 3:-0. 4:00 *6:00. 6:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 5:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:-:00. "10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m.: 1:00. •1:45. •2:.'*o. '4:00. 5:30. 6:4:.'p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vary Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. 'g^. 7:55. 8:40. »10:20
a m ' 12:30 2:15. "3:10. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 nnd 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00. •*:00. *9:45. *10:45. '11:4.
a m.: 1:00. 2:20. »3:30. *5:15. »6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Qu-ntin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— «:« 6:50. 7:55. 8:53. 10:3>
a m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, nt 700. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:0j,
1-20 2:40 355 30. fi:3o. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7*oo a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stains.
8-20 p m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns
6-15 p m week days -Saturdays excepted*
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a in Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p m. Sunday*— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
uav- San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY April 23. 1893.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday Wednesday and Satur-
day a» 6:16 p m. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving In 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
1 THOS COOK & SON. Aitts., 621 Market *t-
AUCTION SALES.
i
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer, 527 Market street. Tel. South 760.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY JULY 31, 1899.
At 11 o'clock a. m.. on premises,
I Will Sell
THE ENTIRE FURNISHINGS of the FORTY-
FIVE ROOMS Of the RALSTON HOUSE.
No. 1222 PINE STREET, near Leavenworth.
Large quantity upholstered Chairs. Rockers,
Lounges. Couches and Divans. Curtains, Por-
tieres. Parlor Tables and Desks, Polished Oak
Chamber Suits. Bureaus, Folding Beds, Chif-
foniers, best Spring and Hard Top Mattresses,
Feather Pillows. White Blankets. Art Squares.
Carpets and Rugs, flve Oak Extension Tables.
Sideboards, choice Cutlery, Crockery, Glass
and Plated Ware, etc.
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M .
2232 BROADWAY NEAR FILLMORE.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 667 Market st.
R A TT.RO AD T&AVBL.
n«I'THKK> PACIFIC COJIPiKT.
(PACiriO BVHTBM.I
•Trml-U l«<a*e »n<l nre tine to nrrlve at
NAN lIUSKIMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
le*v__ — From Junk 85, 1899. — aitar»*_l
TiOOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 0:-l3p
7:00 v Marysville. Orovllloand Ks.lding via
Woodland ____*
7jOOa Elmira. Vacaville and Rntrsey S.-iar
?:3Ua Martlnox. San K,iniou. Vallejo. Napa.
Calistoga and Santa Uosa 0:l3p
• BtOOx Atlantic Express. Ogtlen and East., lifts*
ht'iOA Sau .lose, Livert__ore. Stocktou.
love, Sacrameuto, riaotrville.
Mitrysvi 1- •. Cltico. Keel Bluff S.Hlr
SiSOa "Milton, Oakdaloand fconora «i:ISp
S.UOa Yon-mite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese _?*_?*
•:00a nsywards, Nil'-s and Way Stations. 1 li-toa.
•tflU*. Martinet:, Tr-.cy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Messed r. u -1 Fresno. I*:l»»
SiDliA Fresno, 1 J-.kerslit-ltl. Santa Hirlmra.
Los Anceles, Deming, El Fetao,
New Orleans and East ««4.1p
lO.OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:-t"*r
1 1 :-»Oa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. «i Isr
I_t:UOM Nili-fl, Livermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Uanford. Visalia.
Pcrterville •€«!»»
•l:0<»p Sacramento Hirer Steamers "StOOp
8:OOp Haywurils. Niks aud Way Stations. tt:Ss#
liUOr Martinez, Sail Ramon, Vallejow
Napa, Callstoßii. Siuita Rosa OtlO*
MM Benicia, Varaville, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Marysville. Orovlllo 10:49*
dißOp Nlles. San Jose aud Stockton '-J?'
«:UOe Yosemite Sleeping Car fr.r Raymond I»il5»
•f»OFTho Owl. Tracy. Fresno, Bakers-
I field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
. Lea Angeles 0:45*
I SiSOp Stockton. Merced. Fresno 12:13p
•iao? Martinez. Tracy. Mendota. Fresno.
Mojavo and l.os Angeles Si-IB*
SiSOp Haute. Ft. Route. Atlautlo press
for .Mojave and East 6:4_lp
•StOOp Chicago^aii Francisco SpedaJ.Ogdeu
and Fast *i 4."1»
SiOOp Haywards. Niles and San Jose 7:l.*ia
••tOOi- Vallejo 18:18..
?:OOp Oregon ICzpress, Sacrameuto, Marys-
villu, Ueelilinc, roitlonel, Fugrt
Sound and Bast 7: IS*
tStOOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
J tlons t10.50y
COAST DIVISION (Narrow fiaaga).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
t7i!BA Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations I8i03»
• ■13 a Newark, Centerville, San Jose. Fcltoo.
BoolderCrcek.SantaOruzand Way _
Stations 3i00»
■Stlßp Newark Ceuterrllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Ft-llou, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:30*
•ilSrBan Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9x3«»
Ml IBp Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
; tlons /0;20*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
1-tmb 811 raaiClSCO— Post of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00... -J. )LOO *3:03 13:09
•4:00 16:00 •fl:oor.M.
PriBOISUMI— Pooler Broadwaj. — "fi:00 8:00 lOiOOa.H.
112:00 *1:00 12:00 »3:00 t«:Q0 *3:OQp.IU
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Oange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) m
*OtlOA Ocean View. South Han Fraucisco.. *0:80»
*7iOOa San Jose mid Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) "StOOa
f?iBOA Sunday FiCTuaion (or Santa Cruz.
Piidflo Grova and Principal Way
Stations t*'****-
•■••a San Jose. Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
raclllo Grove, Paao Bob Us. San
Luis o)iisi«>. Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:IO»
I«i4oa San Jose ami Way Stations A:»Ba
Il<3oa San Jose and Way Stations li3ov
■•:43p San Mateo, K.-dwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Nun .Itme,
Hollister. Santa Oruz. Salinas. *
Monterey and Taeilio Grove ♦10:30*
•Bi3op San.lose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations "^aop
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•SiOOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations "H:3-_a
a-.'.top San Joae ami Principal Way Statious 'U-.ttOA
«::iOp San Jose an.l WayRuMoDS 5::»)p
fllldgP Sau Jose nml Way Stations. !*«<'»«»■?
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon
'Sunday excepted. t Sunaay only. t Saturday only.
Maturdar and Sunday /Sunday and Monday
_— — — — — -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LKSSSHI
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. i
WEEK LAYS— 8:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:0.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. in. Thursdays^ trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:64
and 11:80 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 8:30, 11:00 a. m. 1;80, »:Se\
C:CO, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 1__:««,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— ETtra trips ai
< 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:40, 11:10 a. m..* 1:40. 8:40, 8.08,
1:26 p. m. ___
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
same schedule as above. _
Leave i Arrlvo
Ban Francisco. In Effect | San Francisco.
. 1 April 18. v , ■
Week Sun- WW. I S*-_n- Week
Days. days. Destination. ' jays. Days. '
7:20 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10:25 ana
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Kosa. 7.35 pm 8:80 pn*
" J Fulton,
; f iSO am Windsor. 10:26 ata
Healdsburg*.
Lytton,
Geyßervlllo,
1:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:20 pra
T'etO am Hopland and 10:23 an*
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. . 7:35 pm 6:20 pat,
T:tbam( "" 10:15 *»
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
: 1:80 pm 6:10 P°»
7:30 ami 8:00 am' Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
\ 1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
j 1:80 am 8:00 am; Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:85 am
! 8:30 pm 5:00 pm i 7:35 pm l 6:80 pm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bpt-lncs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Bprlngs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
§ort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's,
Buckneii's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
i Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr'« Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonville. Cum-.
■ i mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. _..,__
; Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rat«_s.
i On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids,
. H. C WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
. j General Managers Gen. Pass. Agent.
i ' THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
j From Jan. 25. 1599. trains will run as follows;
i ! South -bound. North-bound.
I Passen- M:xed. j Mired. Passen-
; ger. Sunday I Stations. Sunday «?.""•
ij Dally. Kxcptd Exc'ptd Dally.
i 7:20 am 10:30 am; Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pra
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:*0 pm 4:13 pin
,! 10:40 am 5:35 pmi Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
! 11:38 am 7:45 pm! Hanford , :4o am I:4a pm
1 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
; 11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalia j 6:40 am 1:22 pm
,; : 12:15 pm 6:53 pm! Tulare 5:50 am I'O'J-rn
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
1 For particulars of atat-e and other connection*
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Mar!:et St..
San Francisco.
_/*~%> Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i-fn.ITeJK 62*> KEABXY tit. Established
_efMjP_li_\ ln I * 3 ** toT the treatment of Private
HH l\_WfS Disease.-., Lost .Manhood Debility or
s_w»®w^*V. disease wearing ou bodyand mind and
» _________ Skin Dliaases. I'hedoctorcureawheu
I %^^^2^'l' ,thelsfl,l Try him. Charges lew
1 -*-*M_sSsl^a rui-fstisrnn'wd. Ctllorwrlto.
• 2>r. 4, 1. *wi«bVA . Box 1*37, y»u FrancistN.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call; corner of Mark-; and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until P:"0 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until »;S'* o'clock.
•_,.•. Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Mark street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until '■' o'clock.
MEETING | NOTICES. j
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. •-. Royal -^\r i
Arch Masons Meets THIS EVENING. TtJT
M. E. M degree. .____.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. -■ F. "'" , l A. A
M — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, . '30 _J\^
o'clock D. Master Masons cordially _\_K
invited. Rv order of the W. M. /NF^
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
I HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. m
M. -Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) jl#ft_
EVENING. .luly 31, 1 <.'•.', at oXi' "jKlf
o'clock. Degree 2. By order of the /V J
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON" Lodge No. 260, F. »
end A. M.. 1539 Fillmore st— Third de **
nre.- THIS (MONDAY) EVENINO at >?3f
7 o'clock harp. By order of the mas- /V"i j
, ?r . HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. j
ING. " 'on ' MONDAY. ■JBBT ._J__** MM ;
July 31, at _ o'clock p. m., from Pioneer Hall, i
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
A. O. H., Division No. 2— The regular^s**sS!b
monthly meeting of this division will \T'...j/
be held at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth >■& '» |
St., on TUESDAY. August 1. 1599, aie-Jwil
7:30 p. m. BARTLY LEE. Pres. ***_**
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan- |
tation Company will be held at the office ;
of the company. 327 Market st.. San Francis-
Co. Cal.. on TUESDAY: the Ist day of Au- ;
gust, 1899. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for I
the purpose of electing a board of directors j
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come |
before the meeting. Transfer books will close I
on SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 o'clock m. j
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. j
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco- j
motive Works—The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such '
other business as may be brought before the |
meeting, will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard |
fts., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th i
day of August. 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. P.. MEAD. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW*.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. E25-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J7r. PARKER, 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
free: charges low: business pushed.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckeis building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. ..pp. Mason.
~ _ BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with i
beard. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor. ;
Ii iTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly : -class; 1711
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro- j
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single j
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
suites without board, $1 per day: single rooms,
50c; special rates by month, also to tourists. ,
;RELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWE . 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
BUNNY home for children, near school; large
grounds: mother's care; $5 to $10 per month.
MISS WILSON, 138 West Mission, near 13th.
SUTTER, 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home ".king.
WANTED A gentleman to share a large front
room with a respectable young man; room
and board $18. 908*4 McAllister st.
WOULD like boy to board; one learning trade
preferred ; good home influences. Box 1008,
Call office.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^slfioo; CORNER .grocery and bar. with living
rooms; low rent; estab. years; flrst-class pay-
ing- very best location on Hayes st.; owner
to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
A— s3so; BAKERY* ln lively country town, close I
to the city; rent $20; daily sales, $20; all cash
store trade; full value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st. ________________
j_—%W\; SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab-
lished many years and doing an average
business of $15 per day: card rooms; cash
register: safe; fine oil paintings; located
close to Palace Hotel; rent $6(»; lease. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice; sa-
loon with mercantile lunch, established years;
rent low; clearing above $1.50 per month; lease;
close to Palace Hotel. Particulars of R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
$450— SALOON; best location on city front; sell-
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKE
& CO., 906 Market st. rooms 7 and S.
A— sll > > ; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon ln
wholesale district; established years; clearing
above $150 per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE. 906 Market.
$1000 — WANTED— A partner to act as treas-
urer in a vaudeville show under circus can-
vas; will guarantee profits to Investor $300
per month. Call WILKIE & CO.. 906 Market.
KREDO & CO 22V4 GEARY* ST.
Investigate at our office.
$4000— Drugstore; dally receipts $50.
$1500— Millinery; invoice $3GoO; $13,000 yearly.
— Home bakery; exchange for lodging-
house.
$1700— Saloon; best on /Market: $40 daily.
$4v>o0 — Candy manufacturing and ice-oream
parlor.
$1000 — Candy and ice-cream parlor: Market st.
$750— Partner, large express and transfer com-
pany.
$200 — Cigar stand near Market; $10 dally.
$300— FRUIT store, doing splendid business
with good horse and wagon; owner compelled
to sell on account of sickness. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777". Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted ln mfg. bus.; Gov.
trade. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 H Market.
$500 PARTNER wanted in manufacturing busi-
ness. See McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777.4 Mar-
ket st.
$1600— BLACKSMITH and wagon shop, prosper-
ous country town near city; owner has had
business 20 years; retires on account of old
age. McLAUGHLIN A- CO.. 777 : -, Market St.
$700 LODGING holism 14 rooms; well furnished;
excellent location; steady roomers- Al tran-
sient trade; investigate. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living
rooms; excellent location; well-established;
receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare bargain;
investigate. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$150 COFFEE saloon near Wells-Fargo's new
bldg; old estab; must be sold to-day; sickness
cause of sale. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
GOOD paying restaurant; centrally located:
great sacrifice. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
FINE saloon on corner near Market st. ; bargain
this day. COWING it CO., 996 Market st.
COAL, wood and express business clearing $150
month: established 12 years; retiring cause
of eale. W. B. DENNISON, 7_3. Market st.
TO sell or exchange — Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783V4 Market st.
— CANDY, soda and Ice-cream parlors in
good country town. Apply DECKER. 1020 Mkt
$1000— MEAT market; established for years;
clearing $150 month. DECKER, 1020 Market.
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc. : sold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL. 1003.4 Market.
$150— RESTAURANT; bargain; must be gold;
30 miles from San Francisco; best town In
State: selling account of partner; make offer.
Box 1465. Call office.
PARTNER wanted; mechanical business;
old established; $30 a week clear; trial given. ]
6 Geary St., room 2. ■■. ..••;•■ |
FRUIT store: 3 living rooms; bargain; owner,
has other business; investigate. 130 Eighth. I
HALF Interest In an established paying ho-
tel; price $1500. 1007 •_ Market, nr. 6th, r. 2.
$150— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent; good |
prices; must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush st.
BARGAIN— S2OO; saloon. neatly furnished;
splendid opportunity; nr. R. R. depot. 636 3d.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
stock; Investigate; bargain. Box 4891, Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continaed.
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; good chance
for riKht man. 1135 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap
In city. Box 1479, Call offlce.
! FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front
Apply 627 Montgomery st.
FOR sale Grocery and liquor store; very ole
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont, city; owners wishing to retire from thi
retail business: a good chance for one or tw.
.persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information Inquire at LENORMANI
BROS., SW." cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
$350 WILL buy a roadside house, with lease o:
large lot; rent. $10 a month; in rooms, wltl
stable, sheds, chicken and pigeon house: car
riage sheds: 4". minutes' from Kearny st
Particulars W. WAINWRIGHT. 126 O'Farrell
ONE-HALF Interest in a paying manufactur
ing business; goods sold to dealers; large
profits; active, single man preferred; capita
i necessary, $500. Apply Pacific Coast Ex-
change, rooms 2-3. 1007V4 Market St., nr. fith
; FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
i • pork-packing business for sale in one of th!
, be6t towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this offices.
1 BECK A CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi
pes.- chances; loans and collections made. 93
I Market st.
! ADVERTISING physician, thoroughly expert
en. Ed, with money, seeks business in city
Address box 1471. Call office. *
I THE best located oyster and lunch house, busi
1 I ness night and day. Will be sold on Install
ments. Particulars 120 O'Farrell st
I $150— PARTNER wanted In light and profitable
j cash business; clears SCO per month to each
I 632 Market St., room 6.
i MINER with some capital would like to have
I position and Interest in placer or quartz mine.
I Box 925. Call offlce. ___
| $200— SALOON for sale, corner East and Green-
wich, rent $20; owner has two places. Cal:
! 230 Pacific st.
I BRANCH bakery, groceries, etc., for sale
.>..*,*.< Filbert St.; $130. _____________________
fi CIGAR store; cheap; must be sold by Monday
j 338 Bush st.
WANTED— To rent small country hotel or sa-
I loon In c untiv town. S. P.. bQK 330. Oakland.
FAMILY boarding-house; ' steady b.-.arders: 1.
! rms.. all occupied; bargain. C-.box 71. Call.
! BARGAIN— Meat market: $250; splendid lo-
! cality; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
i W. CASWELL * CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento «t.
i CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
; TEAMING business can be had for price ot
teams: steady work. Box 1018, Call office.
! 2 HORSES, wagon; suitable for peddling. 103-1
I Mission st.
: ALL kinds Of wagons, buggies, ,-arts, harness,
. etc., cheap. EGAN & SON •__ Mission st.
100 SETS ad-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : ________
ADVANCE Carpel Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
.1 McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4.-.3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 344.
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 24014 th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
V. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
KLiN'S carpet-heating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
• UTICA cleaning an.l Toilet Compounds and
i Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
I cure for poison oak SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
I Agent. office and factory. 21 Spear st.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease; full life readings;
ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED— king of all mediums. Profes-
sor Haley: tells your life from cradle to
grave: 60c, $1 up. 106 Taylor st., parlors 3-5.
MMI*. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2.'.c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards: satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 12.
MME. AUGUST. 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 2"c
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c: ladies only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic, 120 A Eddy st.
MME RAVENA rose's life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2.*.c up. 5 Fourth st.
I MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.* c: ladles. I'll O'Farrell St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, large yard; water free;
rent $8. 19 Crocker, nr. Twelfth and Market.
CORNER bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th St.. nr. Dolores.
FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones sts.— Cottage. I rooms, $10.
FOUR rooms; bath; stationary tubs; basement;
yard: rent $10 50. Apply 1228.4 Treat aye.
O'FARRELL, 506 and 508, near Jones— Cottages
of 5 and 6 rooms; $22 50.
SUNNY cottage. 4 rooms, bath, large basement,
yard. 919 Capp st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HI' JOINS Dental Parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$6; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth ft.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions donf painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN — Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. S5O Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet at., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of Ora tory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred: day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
i courses in all English branches, languages,
| mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
j references. President Jordan or any Stanford
j professor. Phelan building.
| AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches. etc. ; life
, scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School ; summer
rates, *_; French. Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 'Markt^
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
liur mech survey, assay, archi.; day and eve;
"It. 1-64- VAN PER NAILLEN. 'X!.. Market.
L\DY* teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly;
50c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1208 Octavla.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private: special
Shakespeare classes. MRS. 11. LHRMAN,
1234 Bush st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. .ipp. City Hall.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
j net, cornet, English and German, .'eQc less.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Female.
COOK, superior and first class in all kinds of
cooking, also a servant for housework with 16
years' reference In one family wish situations.
See .1. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situation;
understands all branches of cooking; city or
country; best of reference. MISS D. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place: city or country. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
good cook and housekeeper: 2^4 years last
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter. ■-. ■,":.-
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse,
he worker or second girl; best of reference.
MISS I). CULLEN, 32.*. Sutter St.
COLORED young woman, first-class cook and
houseworker; references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Slitter St.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook;
$12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl, 3 years' references; $15 to
$20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED comi>etent German cook with
good references, strong and active, wants a
place In city or country; speaks only German;
can make good German bread and butter: ls
a thoroughly good cook; wages $20 to $25.
Address 403 Ninth at., Oakland, Cal.
PREPOSSESSING young lady stenographer,
typist ami general office assistant solicits a
position; salary no object. Address Di-
plomacy, box 1042. Call offlce.
NEAT young woman wishes plain cooking and
general housework; reference as first-class
waitress and chambermaid; city or country.
N. M. G., 1 Polk st. _
. x
EXPERIENCED girl desires a position at
general work and cooking; wages $20 to $25.
Call at 221 Hickory aye., near Octavla st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day; terms reasonable.
1004 Market st *
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes position
as maid and seamstress. Call at 902 Valen-
. la, flower store.
AN experienced girl from New York wishes a
situation as chambermaid and waitress; no
postals. 'all 156 Clara st.
ELDERLY woman wishes to do housework;
small wages; city. Call at 243 A Nat,, ma st.
RELIABLE girl, general housework, good plain
cook. $12. 2510 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS cook to go out cooking by the
day; reasonable. 2010 Folsom st.
LADY wishes position as chambermaid in
country or city hotel. Box 1475, Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house-
keeper; reference If required. Address 874
Mission st.
WANTED— By hospital trained nurse, care of
Invalid, or will give massage treatment. Ad-
dress M.. .*>27' 2 Birch aye.
WANTED— Situation as first-class cook or
housekeeper; has girl :v_ years. E. BROWN,
Winchester House, room 73.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and sec. end girl together; city or
country. Box 1699, 'all office.
WIDOW, middle aged, wants position to do
chamberwork. Call or address for 3 days
MRS. H. I).. 123.'. Market St. .
EXPERIENCED German and French cook
wants situation In private family to cook and
make herself generally useful; city or short
distance In country- 74S Howard st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. Call ifiO Fourth st., room 7.
POSITION wanted by man and wife; man good
cook, wife wait at table or assist in kitchen;
best city reference; hotel or boarding house;
city or country- Box 1009, Call offlce.
A LADY would like a situation In American
family at light housewcrk; home more of an
object than wages; city preferred. Box 1012,
Call office.
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladies whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay & Co., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
REFINED person with a child wishes situation
to do light housework and teach on piano.
Address MRS. F. V. SMITH. Lorln, Berkeley.
WANTED— Care of infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211. 815 Stockton St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414'_ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
MINING— Young man, 24, desires engagement
with gold mining company or mine owner as
amalgamator; understands offlce and under-
ground work: best references. Apply box
1018, Call.
WANTED or house cleaning or other
work; have eight hours every day to spare.
ANDERSEN. 952 Bush; telephone East 963.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
- horses, cows, garden, ; good driver; refer-
ences. Box 1017. Call.
BARBERS— Young man, 2 years' experience,
I desires steady position. Address MR. FOW-
LER. 21 Wlliiey at.
WANTED— An experienced and reliable retail-
er wants position as manager of general store
In county seat or good country town in Cen-
tral California — where a strict cash trade can
be built up and an Interest ln business ac-
quired; nominal' salary and percentage of
profits; references. Address 104 Lincoln St.,
Santa Cruz, Cat.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted. thoroughly
understands care horses, carriage, garden;
good driver; thoroughly competent. Box
1482. Call.
CIVIL engineer, competent ln field or offlce,
wants employment. Box 1494, Call.
WANTED — Position as head laundryman ln ho-
tel; four years' charge of Baldwin Hotel
laundry. Box 100S, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman wants work on
farm or orchard, or as handy man about
place. Address FARMER, 7..4 Mission St.
INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
bartender or porter; references. Box 1468, Call.
GERMAN bartender. 3 years' experience. 21
years old, reference, wants steady situation;
city or country. Address H. 8.. box 1554, Call.
EXCHANGE.
Alt-L^-OIFrfIALE or exShange. ~~~
50 houses and lots, from $500 to $20,000
30 In Oak' ld, Alameda. Berkeley; $50 to. 50,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0... 10,000
48 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $200 6,000
74 etores, saloon, business places; $100 to 4,000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS
OF PROPERTY'— WHAT HAVE YoU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAY'ERLE. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071.4 Market st., San Francisco, Cat.;
glasses fitted by mall. -
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat. 4 large sunny
rooms, bath. yard, newly papered. 714
Franklin st., near Golden Gate aye.
A NICE sunny upper flat, a rooms, bath. 30
Moss st., nr. 7th; key cor. Howard and Moss.
FILLMORE. 2216"-.— Elegant doc-orated flat, 6
rooms, bath and yard; reduced rent; $20.
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; bath; all modern
Improvements; yard; cellar; sun all day. 118
Webster St., nr. Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FOR RENT— A nice clean upper flat, 5 rooms
and bath, 113 1 . Fillmore st. also a nice flat
at 103 Germanla St., near Fillmore.
FULTON. 148— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
, near City Hall; $16.
FLATS TO LET.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat. 5 rooms, bath,
gas: modern Improvements: rent $16.
LOWER part of house to-let, 4 looms and bath.
Apply 313 Shotwell St. .
GROVE. 818, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
- ny furnished or unfurnished flat, 6 rooms,
piano, garden, stable If desired: references.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath. 119 A Wil-
liams St., near Post, bet. Taylor and Jones.
NEW flat of 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent cheap. 349 Liberty st.
SCOTT, 2034, cor. Sacramento— slS, 7 rooms,
bath. J. H. CARSE, 11 Montgomery st.
SUNNY* flat, 8 rooms; also house 15 rooms,
sunny corner; rent moderate. Apply 542
Haight st.
THIRD, 417.*— front suites; modern improve-
ments; 8 rms.; hot, cold water: bath; sunny.
TWO new flats. 5-6 rooms; flne view and gar-
den. 1014 Thirteenth St.. near Scott.
UPPER flat. 5 nice airy rooms: rent reasona-
ble. 1176 Harrison st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
VALLEJO. 1369— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
2 NEW sunny modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes St.. $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye., $21. ■'':'"- ■-'
$9—1123 Vallejo st.,flat, 4 rms., yard; 1127 Broad-
way, upper flat. 5 rrns bath, $16; reduced.
2 NICE unfurnished flats. 4 rooms each; water
free; $10 and $11: Apply 121 IB Bush et.
j 3. 4, 5 AND 6 rooms, bath and yard; rents $8,
I $10. $15. $20. $25. Apply J. S. HURRY. 9 9th st.
$9— LOWER flat* 4 sunny r.i--ms. 27. Pearl St..
off Market, near Valencia.
$10— A SUNNY flat of 6 rooms. 1017 Bryant
street. .'....'' ; . - ■"---- *
$11— SUNNY* flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts.
I $14— SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms, bath and yard.
i 12 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
! - Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid _________________________
FLATS TO LET — Knrnl«hed.
GROVE. SlB, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat, six rooms,
piano, garden, stable if -i<-=ired: references.
FURNISHED and unfurnished flats of 6 and 7
rooms; references. Apply ltfl McAllister st.
j 2 FINE furnished bay-window flats: 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond St.; rent $20. $12.
FUHNITUIIa-, FOII SALE.
MUST be sold on account of sickness; small
rooming house; $40 over rent, or will exchange
for lots, no agents. Box 1005. Call office.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
WANTED— IOO girls to fill our situations of all
kinds to-day, such as cooks, waitresses,
laundresses, housework, second girls, nurses
and others. J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 316 Sutter.
NURSE, $20. must speak French; also city, $20;
nur.e, Oakland, $20; German second girl, $20.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I COOK and second girl, same house. $30 and
$15 across the bay; cook and second girl, $15 j
and $30 per month, city; 4 second girls. $20 |
and $25; 6 second girls, $15. city: second giri. i
c.untry, $25 per month. MISS D. CULLEN, ,
325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife to cook and do dining room
work, ISO to $55 per month; country. MISS
D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.-
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best local references; city or country. Apply
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 12". ___
FRENCH nurse. 1 boy 8 years old, $20, city;
French nurse, country, $20; nurse, Oakland.
$20; German second girl. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, country, $30, good place; house-
work Bleep home, $15 per month, city, MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT voting girl to assist, $10 to $15 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 32.*. Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED colored girl, housework, $25 |
per month; city. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sut- j
ter st. Telephone Grant 120.
WAITRESS, private boarding-house. $20. Oak-
land; 3 waitresses, $20 and $25 per month; 4
waitresses restaurant. $5 and $6 per week.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, resorts, $20; 2 waitresses,
Healdsburg, $20; waitress, Fresno, $25; 2
waitresses. Stockton, $20; 2 waitresses, Ne-
vada City. $20: waitress and chambermaid to |
wait. Pacific Grove, $20. free fare one way; 2
waitresses, Woodland. $20; 2 waitresses, Han-
ford, $20; waitress, San Rafael $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, Ross Valley, $20; waitress,
Porterville, $20; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait. $20; chambermaid, in-
stitution, $20; 3 women cooks, $25 to $30; fancy
Ironers. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl to go with family to resort, $25,
free fare, see party here; house girl for small
family at Presidio, $20. choice place; cook,
$35. and second girl. $20; house girl, ranch,
J'-'.*' fare paid; and many others for cooking
and housework. $15 to $25; house girl, Menlo
Park, $25. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist ln
housework right away. 2241 _ Sutter St.,
near Scott.
WANTED- A nurse; understands care of chil-
dren- must have references. Call ln morning
at 2409 Scott st.
STRONG German or Swedish girl to help In
country hotel kitchen. Address Marin Hotel.
San Rafael.
WANTED— flrst-class German cook; refer-
ences. Call bet. 10 and 12 at 1102 Van Ness.
WANTED— German or American girl to do
general housework. 1045 Mission st.
GIRL for tailor shop. 2819 Greenwich at.
WANTED— A flrst-class pants finisher. 410
Kearny St.. room 20. second floor.
WANTEIV-A flrst-class tailoress on custom
coats. Apply at 1"! O'Farrell st. I
FINISHERS and apprentices on pants. 226
Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cooking and house-
work; wages $10 to $12. 319 Third st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GOOD waitress; young girl. 136 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom coats. 927
Market St., room 623.
WANTED— An apprentice to learn dressmak-
ing. 120U Hayes St.
GIRL wanted to assist with housework; wages
$12. Apply at 710 Cole St., near Chutes.
GOOD operator on custom coats. 671 Market
street. t.f"-__
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1217
Geary st. ;:_- - : .-"• ■_
TAILORESS wanted on flne custom coats. 425
Natoma st.
GIRL for general housework. Call after 9 a.
m. at 925 Fulton st.
> -
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontnna & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co.. corner Seventh
and Berry sta
WOMEN and girls— Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd.. Brannan et., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St.. between Third and Fourth.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
. $2 per day and expenses paid: cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO., 36". Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CC, Tenth and Bryant sts. .
GIRL wanted for general housework. * 1505
Kentucky st.
100 GIRLS to reel fruit at Overland Packing
Co., 11 Harrison st., near Steuart.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will And
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32',. Fremont st. ■:
GIRL for general housework. 226 Eighth aye.
WANTED— German girl for housework ln
small family; sleep home. Call at 133 Beu-
lah St., near Stanyan. it.-.*/
HELP WANTED— FemaIe.
GERMAN girl ~to~af_lst~ in 'chamberwork and
mending; sleep home; wages $10. Apply •»"■»
Sacramento st. ■. ,
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. ___________________•
HELP wanted —
WANTED— Gardener and wife, $65 and found:
man about place, $25; assistant gardener, $-0.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler. $10; cook and wife, coun-
try, $55; cook, country hotel, $40: dishwashers
for city and country, $15 to $25: elevator boy,
bellboys and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 young engineers for mine. $90; 4
miners. $2 50 day and $40 and board; 50 labor-
ers for mines, railroad work,' mill and woods
and quarries, $175, $190, $2 and $2 75 day;
farmer and wife, $40: farmers, $25 and $125
day; 2 blacksmiths, $40 and board and $2 50
1 day; biacksmtth's helper. $1 60 -.ay: boy for
I coal yard, $7 50 week; butter and cheese
maker. $4')- and found; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO 37 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA
NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
ANYBODY WILL SUIT YOU WILL
US MEN WANTED
As laborers, wheel sawdust, carry lumber,
pile and sort lumber, learn to run different
machines, help clear away brush, teamsters,
etc $26 to $40 per month and found
Good food, good climates, cool and Invigorat-
ing; job steady. Are you going?.'.
ALSO TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Setter for mill $60
Head donkey man $55 and found
Mill bench hand $2 75 day
6 spool tenders $30 to $40
Screw turners $."2 and found
Tree fellers $40 and $50 and found
Jackscrewers $33 and found
Hark peelers $30 and found
Mlllmen, $50 to $61) Woodsmen, $35 to $75
Shingle bolt makers, $35 and found; log fixers,
$60; crosscut sawyers, $35 and found; shingle
Joggers, $50; other classes of help for sawmills
and woods, wages from $85, $70, $65, $60, $50,
$40 and $30 and found
Come and see
MURRAY ft READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES. .77!
14 laborers, no experience required $75
12 laborers, no experience required, fare $i. .
$60
32 laborers, no expense required. ss7 and found
19 laborers, no experience required
$42 and found
12 teamsters, four horses; fare $140 $52
Hammermen, drillers and headermen $90
3 diamond drillers for a mine $93
US laborers for all parts of California; wages
from $3. $2 50, $2. $1 75 day. Come and see.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
MINES 23 MINES GOOD MINES
149 laborers, no experience required, wages....
'. $57 per month and found
steady Jobs year round, no lost time; fares
from $130 i Come and see
also 4 good miners, same mine $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKING. 77
8 men or strong boys to pick fruits, $20 and
found, fare $1 15. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. "-.■' i
TO OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE GREAT RAILROADS
(Not to Const railroad) We are passing free
drivers, teamsters, laborers, muckers, header-
men, hammermen, etc
Wages From $3 day .'
Board and lodging $4 50 week
WE PASS MURRAY & READY,
YOU FREE 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
Farmer and wife $40 and found
Gardener and wife $40 and found
3 cooks and wives $60 and $40 and found
Milker and wife $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
........ HAY AND HARVEST HELP
S4 men for hay and harvest fields, $2, $1 50
and $1 25 a day and found
$3 50 day ..HAY BALERS- M MEN. .S3 50 day
DAIRIES AND FARMS
27 milkers, some single, some two together,
some three together, $30 and $25 and found
86 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26, $25 and $20
and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS ,
18 choremen and boys for farms, etc., $30, $26,
$25, $20, $15, $10 and $8 and found, good, steady
Jobs
W oodchoppers, tiemakers. by the hundreds,
$2 50. $2, $175. $150. $125, $1. 70c cord
12c, lie, 9c and 10c each; tools found; fare paid
GARDENERS. COAL MINER
3 gardeners, florist, private, $25 and $20 and
found.
Coal miner, boss at our office
$2 a day and found
BOYS TO PICK FRUITS BOYS
27 small boys to pick and cut fruits
$15 and found
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA AND SANTA
CLARA COUNTIES.
6 teamsters, four horses, fare $1
$30 and found
6 laborers, shoveling, fare 50c.. .$3O and found
HELP FOR STREET CAR COMPANIES;
ALSO STABLEMEN.
7 stablemen, city and country
$35. $40. $30. $25 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
27 laborers, $2, $1 75 day, $30, $26 and found
19 teamsters $40, $26 and found
Bench hand, planing mill $2 50 to $3 day
Machine hand, planing mill ... .SI 50 to $2 day
Boy, $5 to $6 week for planing mill
6 laborers tor a manufacturing company
$26 and found
We want help for British Columbia. Ha-
waiian Islands, Oregon and Washington....
$6. $5. $4. $3 day
MURRAY & READY*.
634-636 Clay st.
ENGINEER MACHINE BLACKSMITHS
Engineer to run a hoisting engine $3 day
Machine blacksmith $3 day
5 blacksmiths for shops $2 50 and $2 day
4 blacksmiths for ranches
$40 and $30 and found
2 blacksmiths for sawmills, fare paid
$40 and found
3 blacksmiths for camps $60
4 blacksmith helpers, must be good strikers
and steady Jobs $2 and $1 75 a day
...BLACKSMITHS AND CARPENTERS....
5 bridge carpenters for sawmill. .s4s and found
6 carpenters, different Jobs... s2 50 and $2 day
MURRAY* ft READY. 634-636 Clay St.
BUTCHERS ....BAKERS ....LAUNDRY'MEN
3 butchers, shops, etc $35 and $30 and found
6 laundry men ....$35 and $30 and found
' 6 bakers and assistants. $35, $30,' $25 and $20
and found; 4 boys to work in bakeries, $15
and $10 and found. MURRAY" & READY*,
634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
19 cooks, $55, $45. $40, $35. $30 and $25 and
found, for hotels, restaurants, ranches,
camps, mines, etc
19 waiters $30 and $25 and found
29 dishwashers ..$3O, $25. $20 and $15 and found
Some of the above places are two together,
some single, some 3 together: pantrymen,
porters. Janitors, shoemakers, dishwasher for
officers' mess. $25 and found: head waiter.
$30
MURRAY* & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
DISHWASHER. $20: porter. $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WANTED— Good plain workingman, doing all-
around work In business house; married Ger-
man or Frenchman preferred; wages $10 a
week; no board. Box 1016. Call. ' »' : .:.-•".
WANTED Steady man to deliver goods and
collect In light outdoor work: must be satis-
fled with $12 per week and have $75 cash.
1032 Market st., room 4. .-.-•-
WANTED— A respectable, active and experi-
enced young man In a retail fruit and pro-
duce business, with references. Apply 334
Devisadero st.
WANTED— A steady, reliable, experienced por-
ter for restaurant; only one with good refer-
ences need apply. 11l Larkln st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop: 4 rooms ln
back; cheap rent; $50. DECKELMAN BROS.,
100 Ellis st.
GOOD barber wanted. 479 Ninth st.
GOOD young barber wanted. 701 Larkln st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 519 Kearny st.
GERMAN clerk for grocery and bar. Geary
and Leavenworth sts.
BOY wanted at 935 Market St., room 16. .
WANTED— 4 good carpenters. 1305 Ellis St.;
call at 7:30 a. m. sharp. • *--'"*-
BOY' attending school to carry evening paper.
Call at 409 Franklin st. to-day at 8 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher wanted at USA
Ellis at. .
A GOOD agent wanted at soap factory. 1308
Mission st.
DISABLED and discharged soldiers; clerical
work. Call after noon, 737 Market, room 20.
BOYS, 12 to 16 years of age. Glass Works, cor.
Seventh and Townsend sts.
ERRAND boy; also boy to learn tailoring. 120
Sutter st.. room 64.
WANTED— Strong, active boy to learn house
painting trade. 1612 Devisadero st.
COOK wanted at 1727 Market st.
TAILOR wanted for cleaning and repairing.
Apply 1042,4 Howard st.
WANTED— A dishwasher. Apply at 118 Turk
street.
RASTER and operators on custom coats. 927
Market St.. room 623. _"C_C__ :.-'*,v»:. ....
COOK, elderly man, for boarding house. ' 322
Main st.
WANTED— man. take interest ln business
and charge of branch office; good salary.
KELLETT, 1309 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— cake baker, $40 a month,
board and lodging. 2808 Twenty-fourth at.
HELP "WANTED — Male.
NO OFFICE FEE
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER DAY
:■'■ C. R. HANSEN ft CO .
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
~~ ~~~~~ NO OFFICE FEE. -——
FREE FARE.
50 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road. $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK
"FREE FARE .-. FREE FARE
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day.
board $4 50 a week.
.......... C. R. HANSEN ft CO
" 104 Geary st :...
AN experienced machine dishwasher. $30 and
found, for a country hotel; free fare, strong
man to learn to run a dishwashing machine;
dishwasher, country hotel, free fare. $25.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 STONE masons. RR. work; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHIEF cook, hotel, $100; cook, small springs.
$40- cook ISO; second cook, $3.., country ho-
tel' fare advanced: second cook, $4;>; j cook,
chop house. $8 a week; camp cook. $4j. see
Pa N-ght° waiter, country restaurant. $30 and
room; waiter, country restaurant. $30 and
room! waiter, springs, $22 50; waiter, plain
CO Two y neat te young' men with some experience
as waiters for omnibuses In a first-class ho-
tel. $25 and found. __, -J_.,ir«„
Ironer. $35 and found; washer. $25: marker
* Elevator boy? $15 and found; elevator boy.
$10 and f..une>» porter, restaurant. $25, hotel
porter; bedmaker, $9 a week.
Large, strong man for dishwasher, $30 and
found: dishwasher, country hotel, »Zo ana
found and free fare. „_--_,*
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper for a hotel. $60 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HENRY' FORTMAN— Dishwasher wanted. C.
R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN assistant clerk; this offlce. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ;
MACHINIST, $2 50 a day; 3 carpenters. $3 a
day: 4* laborers, $2 a day: 3 men for Peta-
luma press, $18 a ton; farmers. $1 25 a day:
blacksmith, $45 and found: blacksmith,
ranch $40 and found: helper. $30; 2 men to
clean brick. $2 25 a 1000; stableman. $25 and
found. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
GARDENER and wife cook for a country
place. $50 and found. C. R. HANSEN ft
CO., 104 Geary st. __
7777. .FOR SOUTHERN OREGON
FARE PAID TAKEN OUT OF WAGES
.-,0 WOODSMEN AND LABORERS
Crosscutters, fellers, head and second chain
hook tenders, donkey and team head road-
makers, barkers, spool tenders, line pullert-
and laborers. $2 75. $2 50 and $2 25 a day;
board $4 50 a week: see boss here. C. *R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Calendar salesman, experienced,
for our complete, extensive line of Imported
calendars, banners, panels, etc.. for adver-
tising purposes. Address, stating experience,
with references. AUG. OAST BANK NOTE
ft LITHO CO.. St. Louis, Mo. ___
WANTED SO good woodsmen and 20 sawmill
men for Coos Bay. Or., wages $50 to $75
per month; board, $4 50 per week.. Apply 42
Market St.. room 2, or R. A. GRAHAM,
Coos Bay, Or. ■
CUSTOM tailor cutter for busy place; middle
to good grade of work; good pay; short hours;
steady employment: middle-aged man with
California experience. Box 7249, Call offlce,
until August 5. ___
WANTED— Co-workers, either sex, every-
where; nicest home work ever offered: $12 per
week salary; literature and explanations. 2c.
Address THE NON-MEDICINE CURE
CLUB, lock box 802. Los Angeles. Cal.
500 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup: $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup c<- . San Francisco. Cal.
YOUNG, strong German to drive bakery wagon.
911 Larkln st
WANTED— A first-class cabinetmaker. FINK
ft SOH IN DEER. 1309 Market.
WANTED— 2 men and 4 strong boys. 376 San
Jose aye.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission at., between Ist and 2d sts. .
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal art: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st., near Kearny.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE ft LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— Shoe cutter and fitter: work for
wages or as partner. Box 4833, Call office.
GENT'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
lng, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chalr barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 1003. Call office. Oakland.
MEN Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to So-
nora free. BUCKMAN. 302 Montgomery st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving ln students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c. and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. US'. Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 150. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863*. Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. -'■•--.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
HORSES— Does anybody want horses 18 hands
high and 2 feet across the back? Attend the
auction Thursday. August 3. 11 a. m., at
CHASE ft MENDENHALL'S, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Market st. W. P. McCORD.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase ft Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Klllip ft Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
1 CAR small mules. 1 car large mules, at the
Canty Ranch. Grayson. Cal.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, -veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
■ —
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET. OPP. FIFTH.
12-room house; large yard; downtown $400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor st. : $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms; all
rented. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see It. DECKER. 1020 Market at. ,
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st.; new buyers dally.
$525— 20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300 SNAP— house: all -rented; near
Market st.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated ln the cente»-
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51.
Tracy. Cal.
$750— HOUSE. 17 rms.. nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
WILL sell half Interest ln 21-room paying lodg.
ing house: $150. Box 4837. Call offlce.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. '
CORNER house, 6 rooms, bath; marine view;
Interior decorations; $30. 2333 Leavenworth.
SPLENDID house; flne condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-flrst st. ; key. next door.
LOST AND FOUND. _
LOST-Large brindle Great Dane dog. close-
cropped ears. Telephone Main 1603, or return
to National Laundry.472 Geary st. Reward.
LOST-Gentleman's Elgin gold .watch with
fob; owners name engraved Inside bacK ten
er: liberal .reward. Return 1709 Howard.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speVdy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor, and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $■": no in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money- refunded by MRS. DR. GWY'ER, 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln: office hours.
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed, travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. MS Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years', practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relleT.
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
- etc., babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M DAVIES, 122$ Market st.,
__ pills. $1; very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe; call .in a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $*,; restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT to restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and . vac- v.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Ta-lor; office hours, 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. * '. . •-
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other Physician; never
falls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money: treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023*. Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments ; consultation free, confidential ;
home treatments. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215„ Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS ft CO., druggists, 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home ln confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
ln confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
I WISH to buy Central Eureka stock. R. L.
CHENEY. 530 California st.
SPECIAL rates for party of 8: flrst-class oil
claims at $30 each. Box 1487, Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS,' counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FINE latest style sealskin for $90, worth $350;
also a beautiful Marquise diamond and emer-
ald ring for $70: cost originally. $140. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. . - 1...
BILLIARD tables: few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALK CO., 655 Market st.
1 3-h. p. Golden Gate gas engine: perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN, 648 Mission.
FINE large modern double-door safe cheap.
14 Fifth st. -
A FINE gymnast net. 20x40. 436 Geary st.
A— lB 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Popu-
lar price hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
10 HORSEPOWER gas engine, $200; running.
2400 Geary st. . .-. :■. •
FINE suit, $9 75: pants, $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 613 Montgomery.
A CATHOLIC book store for sale; exchange for
property. Box 1557. Call office.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100, 2 h. p. $125; 3
h. p. $150. 4h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
Iron; wood planers, 12 in. and 24 in.; hydrau-
11c pump: 2d. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS 'WANTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 flrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
CASH paid for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
1 —
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ■
ANY amount at 6". per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate tn pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain l'beral advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Offlce, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper ft Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRY'DEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property ls mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
■ 16 pages, in wrapper, fbr mailing. $1 per year.
MM^^ -_-_-—- — ____________ —_^i
—_——_-_____
MOM; V WANTED.
GOOD personal security and Interest for loan
of $1000. KELLETT. 1309 Broadway, Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~ •
AS we are selling good upright pianos for"s6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as lf purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY' the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs ana
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER ft SON Is the piano for you to
buy; beautiful new style at MAUVAIS', 769
Market st. :. . : • . - ■: -h --; --MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAINS. Bargains!— Go to -Wilson's Storage '
Rooms. 1710 Market st.. and see another lot
g'.od Standard uprights; very cheap for cash. |
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano offered to- I
day, $95. Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St. I
A BARGAIN — Stelnwav upright cheap. '
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— is:; UPRIGHT piano in tine condition; also j
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnwav upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' ple.no*. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. SCI up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on Bale). Heine, 126 Ellis.
SOHM Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post St. .
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER .-. CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER; maker, repairer.- 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
-'' paces, In wraritwr. for mnllln"-. *1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER. T.i Montgomery st.
J'"|— l(s Taylor st.
•CO— l.-5 Valencia, st., corner Sixteenth.
J.ts— "..-.9 Mission st.. near Fifth.
52- 1 - 32S Montgomery aye.
5.2 50— S3S Howard st., near Fifth.
$17— 2,'.u First st.
$20— 3."-4 Fourth St.
$25 — 1119 Harrison St.. corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG., 927 Market at.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light, heal. Janitor and telephone Included.
ASHTON .- GARDINER. Room 210.
CORNER store; fixtures for grocery and bar-
room; 4 rooms and stable; Twenty-fourth and
Sanchez sta . rent cheap to good party. Ad-
dress 3900 Twenty-fourth St.
GROCERY' corner. 217 Ninth St.: 4 living rooms,
stiblo: 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. .37 Parrott building.
STORE, with living rooms, suitable for delica-
cies, bakery; prominent corner. 1346 Valencia.
I.ARGE corner store for rent cheap. Apply for
particulars at COS Natoma st. '
NEW large sunny corner store; 2 dwelling
rooms; $13. 543 Natoma st.
NICELY* turn"-' front suites suitable for
doctor or dentist. $20 to $35. 121 Powell st.
CHEAPEST and beat la America The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sen! to any address In the
United State,., postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st.. above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to •* p. m. : reading by mail. $1.
fAItTM.Ua WANTED.
WANTED— For partner, man understanding
manufacturing of ladies* wear, such as skirts.
waists, etc.. to go ln partnership with man
furnishing capital; only flrst-class artists
need apply: reference required. Address box
16?7. all 'office. .
PERSONALS.
ItIE notice In the Examiner of July 24. 2?. and
>fi does not refer to my wife, MRS. E. J.
THOMPSON. GEO. HERBERT THOMP-
SWARD DIEDRICH would like to know the
iddress of FREDA NAGEL. Box 14S0. Call.
DUNG man of means would like to form ac-
quaintance of young lady; object matrimony.
,65*4 Market st.. room 2-. I
SDERER'S QUINTONICA has the name of '
->.-ing the only reliable hair tonic on the mar-
iet; 3.".c bottle. 123 Stockton st. .
SDERER'S halrdressing parlors still growing
in popularity; 25e. only; see the great display
f switches In his window; $1 switches only
75c, this week only. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases; diagnosis free. 1167 Market.
CRIC lessons exchanged for thorough knowl-
edge cf English language. Box 1472. Call.
)HN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. ral. American and Foreign
Send for Circular^ Patents Solicited.
BSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing .Tier. One-price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
trnrr. O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
BRILLIANT. 3.15-340 Post st.. will sell ye.v
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
R. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.; !
Dffflce. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
LECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
C to $150 ier night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
*MMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
3»r. K. rOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter St.
{: PER week for lady's suit. jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
LIFE insurance policies bought -or cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
LADIES— Equipoise waist has no equal;
Ypsilantl underwear. OBER'S. Nt Geary st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sinsotr.e st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine. ab. Krny.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997.. JACOBS, 1023 F- Iscm st.
SUITS to order on easy 1 taliments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— ""'id gold for manufacng. O. No-t-
Jeweler. 24*1 Farrell. bet, Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth an.! Seventh.
PROPERTY .FOR SALE.
FOR sale cheap— An entire block and 10 lots
south of Golden Gate Park. Apply at 542
Hugh; st.
PSYCHOMETRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN,, psychometrlst;
read* character; gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy,
UREAL ESTATE — CITY* — Fop Sale.
j..,. CASH, balance on time; new corner, 4-
room bay-window cottage, 10-foot brick base-
ment 1439 She it well st; take Folsom St. car,
pet off at Precita aye.. walk up one block.
$1550 ONLY*; reduced price; cheap corner; must
be sold immediately.
Reduced from $1650 to $1550: ready to build
on; southwest corner Webster and Filbert
bib.; 2axlo0 ' THOMAg MAGEE & SONS,
6 Montgomery st.
ASHTON * GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Vslencla-st. lots: any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third St., corner San Jose are., with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts.: comer, with Improve-
ments. $6700. ■__'_ ;
NT W HOMES • • ••••• • • • •
Fine 6 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all' modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
I1SS0— BIG" chance; pays 21 per cent: new
building and lot 25x80; 3 blocks from Call
building. H. J., box 1007, Call office.
SMALL chicken ranch; good location; furnished
house, and lot; well water: chickens, pigeons,
etc.; everything complete; Railroad aye.,
Soul San "Francisco. Box 592, Call 'flee.
WE have the residence; you have 42400; we
want It. GEORGE W. CHAPIN, 11 Mont-
gomery st„ >£■; ______ '
2032 'SCOTT st.. n?ar~l*acramento— Modern 7-
room house, with lot 24x81:5. J. H. CARSE,
11 Montgomery st. - .
GOOD business property; - flats and stores;
Income >!.'> per month. Box 903, Call office^
$170o— NEW house; brick foundation; _■ rooms
and. bath. SPECK. 667 -Market St. • .
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY* For Sale
16000— FOR SALE 3-acre tract set out with
all the best varieties of full bearing fruit
trees, good house and large chicken yard: lo-
I cated on the north side of the grandest boule- j
yard In the world, "EstUdlllo avenue." be-
tween the residence of W. .1. Landers and I
Paul M. Nli;. -it. San Leandro, Alameda
County. Cal.: a rare opportunity. Inquire i
JOS. HERRSCHER. San Leandro. I
NEW rich land near city: small and large I
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry sease.n of 1897-3S address THE |
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
SONOMA County; 37 acres; $4500; 7 acres ap- ]
ples '• acres prunes: house, barn, chicken-
houses, etc. See owner evenings at 517 Fol-
-6i m st.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
RESIDENCE, 6 or 7 rooms; will pay $2000 cash.
g x 1470. ''-'ill office.
RESTAUnAJ«TS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant. coffee and Ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market st.; popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. j
j AT 14A Geary— Nice sunny front suite fur-
nished complete for light housekeeping.
EDDY', 828, bet. Polk and Larkln— Parlor floor,
3 or 4 elegantly furnished sunny housekeep-
I ing rooms; bath; gas; run. water; no childn.
I EDDY. 91. Nicely furnished h.-usektig suite;
low rent: private residence; no children.
FIFTH. 353—3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing, $13; also 2. $10; Fingle. <;, to $7.
FOLSOM. Parlor suite, 3 rooms, complete-
ly furnished for hkpg.; single cr en suite.
■ GEARY. ISU7 Four nice unfurnished rooms,
bath. toilette, gas, yard. bdfeetT.ent.
: HAVES, 115 (The Jewell)— Desirable furnished
hskpg. rms.; reas.; gas. bath; also single.
I HOWARD, 650 Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HYDE, 129— Front bay window and alcove,
complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
| HYDE. 2605—3 clean sunny rooms, furnished to
! suit tenant; 1 rent $10. '■-. ;." 
I IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
i sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LAGUNA. 613— Nice sunny front housekeeping
: I room, suitable for 1 or 2 working ladies;
I cheap. ______
LAGUNA, 524 (St. James) Furnished and un-
furnished; light housekeeping; reasonable.
; LAGUNA. 1719— Two furnished rooms, suitable
! for light housekeeping; rent $15. _______
LEWIS, 18-. off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
rooms, $10; water free; cellar.
MINNA. 435— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
nice kitchen; renovated. Call before 10 or
after 3:30. ■
MISSION. -Rooms with or without house-
keeping; nicely furnished.
71 MISSION, 1063 (The Housekeeping
j ■ rooms; also single rooms.
' I MISSION, 1322— Large back room for house-
keeping." $1 75 a week; bath.
i NEWLY furnished front rooms for housekeep-
■ ing: $8. Bos 1481, Call o(Hce :
• | XOE. I.'3— 2 or 4 sunny rooms: parlors; kitchen:
' j coal range; hath: yard; $10 to $16.
! OAK. 11l (block of Van Ness)— or 4 hskpg.
| rooms, completely fur.; gas stove; run. water.
' OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Two sunny rooms,
i housekeeping, mantel, gas stove; $12.
! j POST, tt l ~ - -Unfurnished; 2 large sunny rooms;
housekeeping; rent $10.
I POWELL. $03, near Sacramento— 2 1 sunny
rooms, complete for hkpg; bath: marine view.
SILVER. 30— Three ■ unfurnished rooms up-
stairs and three downstairs, suitable for two
fnmllies for light housekeeping.
: sixth. 2164— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. $2 50" per wk. up: also single; quiet.
SIXTH. 429 — Large sunny front -rooms with or
without housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 184, near Third— 2 sunny front
rooms complete for hskpg.; nicely furnished.
i SUTTER, 1111. nr. Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. 178. nr. Sixth— sl4; '. sunny furnished
j rooms, kitchen; complete; suitable for tailor
| or dressmaker.
■ TURK, 335, near Hyde Parlor floor, 3 furnished
! rooms, complete for housekpg. ; private house.
! TWENTY-THIRD, 3161 B— Two unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, with bath and station-
i ary washtubs.
TWENTY* -THIRD. 3726, near lores— Sunny
bay-window rooms in suits of 2 and 3; fur-
nished.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny parlor suite,
kitchen, gas range: small suite. $14.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and 1 nfurn.
ABBOTSFORD 'The), cor". Broadway and Polk
(juiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
: BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night..
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-class
i In: every respect; terms reasonable.
■ AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
: AT Glrard House. 192 Seventh— Furnished sin-
'; gle and suites, also large unfurnished room.
AT New Grand, 2.5 3d— 200 Ist-- lass sunny rms.,
16c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 32 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A— SUTTER; 715-717-831— Sunny; reasonable; ap-
preciated If seen: please investigate. ,;;
| BURNETT,- 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suite's, single; also unfurnished.
' CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor- Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
! EAST, Sunny front room; private family.
ELLIS, 114. nr. . Powell— Newly fur. ; new man-
legm't; cozy rms.. hand'ly fur.; r»as. ; trans't.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH, tel Newly renovated sunny rooms,
$1 25 to $2 50 per week.
FOLSOM, 776 Vi— I-arge furnished room, every
convenience, $4 month.
FOLSOM, 830— Nice furnished front room; run-
ning water; grate; $8; also others cheap.
j FOURTH, 2224— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
j double and single; $1 week up.
j FOURTH, 128*4, nr. Mission— New management;
i newly frnsbd and renovated: choice front rms.
FRANKLIN, IMB— Single or suite of rooms,
i furnished or unfurnished; elegant sunny cor-
ner; gentlemen prefered.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers' , accommodated. MRS. HYEH.
GEARY, 556— Elegantly furnished front and
! back parlors; piano, phone; hskpg. : other rms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $•* per week.'.
HAWTHORNE. 172. bet. 2d and 3d, nr. Harri-
j son— Pleasant ' sunny corner room for 1 or 2
gents; private house; board optional. '.•.■'
i HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-^
Sunny suites, single rms.; eiev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 7614— Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
LARKIN, -.04- Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, {)
LEXINGTON aye., 375— Large, sunny front
room; furnished or unfurnished.
MARIPOSA. 1169 Mission—Newly furnished
front and other rooms; nil sunny; $1 week up.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished rooms,. 75c and $1
«i week.
MINNA. 140—3 neatly furnished rooms, . single
and double.
I .
. MINNA, 3494— Nicely furnished sunny room,
with use of kitchen.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
. window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 846, bet. Fourth and — Newly
furnished sunny suites and single rms.; reas.
MISSION. 2150 Nicely furnished sunny front
room; to a lady, use of kitchen; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL; 748, nenr Hyde— handsomely
furnished alcove suites; sunny; also single.-
-: ROYAL House, 120 Flo's st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $:■'.: elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; large yard;
rent $7.
SEVENTH, 230 A —2 front rooms and 1 back
. room, $6, $S and $10; new house.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
neat Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19. nr. Market— Neatly fur. rms., sin-
; gle and double; bright and sunny; $1 25 wk up.
I SIXTH, 33. 111. Market, Hillsdale House -Kle-
gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
j SIXTH, 142— Niece sunny front rooms; also sin-
gle; day, week or month. . ;.•
SOUTH PARK. li-"-I. off Third— 2 neatly fur.
' rooms; private fam.; gas; bath; $5 and $7 mo.
SUTTER. 560— Large nicely furnished sunny
front room.
THE Oliver, '.<<;:, Folsom cor. 6th Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.'
j THE Piedmont, IMA Sixth St.. cor. Minna—
Sunny bay-window rooms. -*-:,.-
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
'■■ THIRD. 1064. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms, $1 25 to $8. .■-...
TURK. 132— A parlor floor of 3 or 4 rooms,
nicely furnished, for gentlemen.
ROOMS J^AVAN TEDy
FURNISHED room in American Protestant
family, 15 minutes' walk from Call; give full
particulars. Box 1021, Call offlce.
WANTED— 2 sunny. connecting rooms or alcove
suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Geary
and Pine and Powell and Jones sts. Address,
stating price, to box 1696, Call ofllce.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 31, 1899.
SEWING; MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged., rented ;re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES-PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from ' $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520,
SPIRITUALISM.
GYPSY life reader, returned . with renewed
power In spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. *: Isc: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
-_--______.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co!
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & 11. 11. goods. 735 Mkt. ; tel. Black 311.
■ . . ' .. . ' _J i zrr—:
SUBURBAN HO.M.-S.
TO-LET— A modern house of eleven rooms and
bath, with stable, In Ross Valley; 4 minutes'
walk from Ross Station. 
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— SIOOO cash, balance payments; new
7-roem 2-story house, 1 block to local, 2 blocks
to business; a lovely home; see It. Address
WM. P. TODD, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot
52X150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from. station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 143'; Park st.
ALAMicn.v ROOMS and hoard.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private MRS. DR. FCNKE. 1416 Sth.
berkeleyldyertisements
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HA. HA!— the place you were looking for
where you can raise poultry close to town:
a fine piece of property, size !SSxl2s, 2-story
house of 7 rooms, plenty of water, 1 block
from electric railroad and only 5 minutes'
from railroad station. Apply JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
HAVE 5 modern houses In course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two
just sold; people wishing to locate In that
locality please call or write M. I. WURTS,
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
WE offer a 9-room modern house close to uni-
versity for $3630. We take pleasure in show-
ing this property; it is sure to meet your ex-
pectations. Come and see us. >. G. MAY &
CO., 2123 renter st., Berkeley.
A LOVELY little home near the hills: house
of 3 rooms, lot lOoxlS."., part of an orchard,
plenty of run for chickens; only 3 blocks from
electric railroad. Apply JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2700— 2-STORY* house of 9 rooms and bath;
modern Improvements; lot 30x100; situate on
Filbert st . near Tenth. W. P. RYAN, 960
Seventh St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN- House, 53 Weston aye., 7 rooms,
bath, toilet; lot 37x130; house and grounds In
good condition; reasonable; terms to suit; no
agents. Owner on premises.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DI VI DENT NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 95 (50c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
on and after Tuesday, August 1. 1! 1 99. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 26,
1599. at 3 o'clock d. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be hand-
ed in at either of the publication offices and
be Indorsed with the name and residence of
•persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BAUER— In this city, July 27, 1899, to the wife
of Jacob Bauer, a daughter.
JACOBOWITZ— In this city, July 29. 1599, to
the wife of S. Jacobowltz, a son.
KELLY this city. July 29, 18», to the wife
of William J. Kelly, a daughter.
. MARRIED.
GESCH— GERIIARDT— In this city, July 27.
1899, by Rev. J. Fuendeling, Louis Gesch and
Annie M. Gerhardf.
THOMPSON THOMAS— In this city. July 27.
I ... ,by Rev. .1. FuendellnK, Robert 11.
Thompson and Ida Thomas.
~~ DIED.
Duckworth. Lillian E. Martensteln, Jacob
Gardiner. Hannah K. Meyer, Georgiana
Greeley, May P. Page, Cella P.
Guerln, John Powell, Harry R.
Hausmann. Helene Rosenburg. Jacob
Keegan, -Michael Seaver, William A.
I.eehens, Katherine Stevens, Julia A.
Llndsell, Frederick Weber. Henry
Lutjeas, Magreta Whiting, Manesseh S.
Lynch, Hr. Charles G.
DUCKWORTH— In this city, July 30, W9. Lil-
lian E.. beloved wife of B. E. Duckworth,
daughter of Charles and Catherine Under-
wood and slater of Margaret Brown nnd
Alexander Underwood,, a native of Monterey,
Cal.. anted 33 years 1 month and 3 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GARDINER— In Rio Vista. Cal., July 30, 1899,
Hannah K. Gar.liner, beloved wife of John
H. Gardiner. '■>*■•'•'
dc' The funeral will take place Wednesday
morning, August 2.
GREELEY— In this city, July 30, 1599, May P.
Greeley, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years .' months and 2 days.. ..'-,-
GUERIN— In this city, July 29, 1899. John,
dearly beloved husband of Kate Guerln. fath-
er of John, Mary. Thomas, James and Steph-
en Guerln and brother Of Patrick and Cor-
nelius Guerln and Mrs. Johanna Dempsey, a
native of. the parish of Ditagh, County Ker-
ry. Ireland.
CTFrlends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. -112 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock, interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAI'SMANN— In this city, July. 29, 1599,
. Helene Hausmnnn. relict of the late Fred-
erick Housmann and beloved mother of Mrs.
Fred C. Winters and Mrs. G. H. Bertram, a
native of Germany, aged 53 years 9 months
and 12 days.
Z. ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at i o'clock, from the parlors of
The.,. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
KEEGAN— In this city, July 30, 1899. Michael.
beloved husband of the late Mary -Keegan,-
father of John Keegan, deceased, and broth-
er Of Mrs. Catherine Dougherty and Mrs.
John Kane, a native of the parish of Kil-
bride, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 86
years. '
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem- mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LECHENS— In this city, July 29, 1599, Mrs.
Katherine Lechcns, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs J. F. Knief and Conrad, ' William and
' the late .1. H. lichens and Mrs. F. Ring-
er, a native of Langgeins. Hessen, Darm-
stadt. Germany, aged 77 years 2 months. ami
9 days. '- y_
{C*?'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her granddaughter. Mrs. J. Saxsenmeler,
44 Clementina street, between First and Sec-
ond. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
JO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ■ ■
IMcfIVOV &. CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMIJALMERS.
1233 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone. South 247.
LINDSELL— In this city, July 29. BW, Fred-
erick Llndsell, beloved husband- of Wllhel-
mlne Lindsell and father of Elizabeth Lind-
sell, a native of England, aged 39 years 11
months and 27 days. .'t -
ft'_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
James Hagan, undertaker. 445 Valencia
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
chiefs and members of Arapahoe Tribe No.
76. Improved Order of Red Men. are
requested to Attend the funeral of our late
brother, Fred Llndsell. By order of
L. W. WHITEMAN. Sachem.
H. WALKER. C. of R.
' LUTJENS— In this city, July 30, 1899, Magreta
Lutjcns, beloved wife of the late Henry Lut-
jens, a native of Oberndorf. Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 7 * years and 8 months.
(r?TIiP funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. .Fred Hans, 410 Mis-
sissippi street. between Nineteenth and
Twentieth. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
LYNCH— in this city, July 30, 189», Dr. Oscar
G. Lynch, dearly beloved husband of Sarah
M Lynch, a native of London, England,
aged 24 years.
(□"■ Remains at the residence of • Dr. T. L.
Mahoney, 1903 Polk street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
MARTENSTEIN— In Ross Valley, Cal., July
29, 1899. Jacob, beloved husband, of Mary-
Martensteln, a native of Odernhetm, Ger-
m.i.v. aged 68 years 10 months and 22 days.
[[ .""FrieneN and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1129 Turk street, corner Buchanan.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. -,;."_*;
I MEYER— this city, July 30, 1899, Georgiana,
beloved wife of John Meyer and daughter of
John Brown, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 10 months and 26 days.
PAGE— In Oakland, Cal., July 29, 1.899, Cella
P. Page, beloved mother of Mrs. Hattle B.
Burton and C. H. Pase, a native of Ver-
mont, aged 73 years 2 months and 3 days.
POWELL In Palo Alto, Cal.. July 30. 1599,
Harry R., beloved son of Mrs. *9. Powell and
the late W. E. Powell and brother of Al-
fred G., Sarah E. and Annie G. Powell, a
native of England, aged 31 years and 4 days.
[Ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
i dence. 3118 Sacramento street, between Baker
I and Lyon. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
ROSENBERG In this city. July 30, ISS9.
Jacob, beloved husband of Mary J. Rosen-
berg and father of Robert C, G. A. and L.
R. Rosenberg, a native of Ohio, aged 69
j years fi months and 7 days.
"""Notice of funeral hereafter.
- SEAVER— In this city. July 30, 1899, William
A. Seover, a native of New York, aged 67
years and 26 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
1 STEVENS— In ' this city, July 30. " 1899. Mrs.
Julia A. Stevens, dearly beloved mother of
Arthur E. Boothe, a native of Kentucky, aged
j 76 years -4 months and 2 days.
Ci? - Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
' of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between- Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel .Hill Cemetery. .*- j
' WEBER In Oakland, Cal.. July 28. 1899, Henry. '
beloved husband of Katie Weber, brother of
Eugene ami father of Joseph, Mary, Jose-
phine. Julia, Henry", Francis, AloyslUS. Hel-
en. Margaret, Rose, Katie and Paul Weber,
a native of Alsace, Germany, aged 41 years
j and i- months.
d7*Friene!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the Sacred
Heart Church, Fortieth and Grove streets.
1 Oakland, where a requiem high mass will be
[ celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
! ment St. Story's Cemetery.
WHITING— In this city, July 29, 1899, Manes-
seh S. Whiting, a native of Maine, aged 74
\ years 11 months and 15 days.
(J. -*"Frienels and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this .lay
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany. 405 Powell street, corner of Post, until
Monday noon. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
" . " .S3
J HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. j
I J Loveland. Crockett Miss P Stoermer, LosA
: W 1* George & wt'.Ca! Geo Pierce, Cal
P A Coon, Syracuse Wm Muster, Ind
' .1 11 Dougherty. <- i{ .i W Thaxter * wf
! C H Shaw, City Mrs I' o Sullivan. Mo
T Pelkey, Cal Miss Sullivan, StLouis
; Mr & Mrs Tookelson \V B Sherman, Cal
i A I I.lghtn.-r. Sacto Horatio Gould. Pa
J ifeve. Santa Cms Lawrence Davis
A Fil.ush. Oakland W II Heywood, Ariz
J a Wndsworth. Cal Jacob Adloff & wf. H I
M M Rand. Oakland E R Cheadle
R it Borland, Martinez .1 P Fox,
J Baker. Calistoga iK I Faust, Manila
, F J Tutter, Pittsburg A F Horstmnn. c'a 1
A S Mac Donald. Cal [Miss McClatehy, fal
A L Stone-, Oakland A M Smith, Cal
, W H Jordan, Oakland J E Harper. Reno
J S Doe, Denver Q O Fraser. Cal
0 W Langford. stkton J J Mlley. Mlley
J o Black, Angels cp 11 V Sutherland
' 1. Hlnton Sc wf. N V O E Kennedy, Llvermr
F McKenzle. Chicago . J,. W O'Brien & wf.Cal
;J F Devendorf. S Jose E C 1 1--. multp, Texas
I H H Hunter. Oal :WE Powers. N V
[ II Pflager. Fresno A J Larson, Lodf
! J J Bergger, Cal ■ -. iE Shumate. Prescott
Miss M Prince. Cal It T Hall, Santa Rosa
Miss T Brue. Cal G A Kleene, Peoria
MISS S Brue, Cal Mrs M A Adams &
1 Miss C Thiel. Cal da. St Louis
Bate Hansen. Cal T J Coe, Sacto
Miss T Hilts J T c.ffman. Cal
S L Hogne. Fresno 'I. T Thatz, Cal
C A Kneuth, Hamburg W 3 Coon, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
H Moss. Lancaster ;A A Low Jr. N V
C F Clark, Chicago 8 Low. New York
J T Jepspn. N V' Rev A Vance, N V
OH Fox. New York Miss M M Howard. NY
Or E N Bowen & w, Dr W Brink woke, N V
I* s A ' S Reinhart, Eos Ang
j Miss I. Little. Utah W Wise. New York
I Miss M Little, Utah F T McHenry, N V'
jJ C Clark &w, Oa Clt Russell, Mo •
I W; W Bush, U S N P J Mann & w, or
A C Kuhn. San Jose Capt C P Low, . Cal
M Mvard Mexico Miss E Cummens, II I
I J Luttmann, C A Miss M Buckley, II 1
J It Williams, Phlla .1 A Hart & w. Eng
J Lesher, New York A T R Thornett India
E s Mulllns, Pa Mrs Thomson, Japan
: J c Charpentcr & w, Miss a B Pratt. Eng
Mazatlan -J V? Russell, India
W Rogers. Mexico IH O Mordaunt. Londn
J Mason, San Diego H Price, Hongkong
E II Co*. Madera J P.ehrend. Moscow
W If Flsk, Chicago Miss S C Burpee. Pa
I. D Marks. Cincinnati 'J G Oroxton ft w. Pa
A A Low oi w. N V Mrs A C Bryer, N V
\ Miss M W Low, NY IW Beatham. Montana
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
j W Burnett, San Jose C W S.-yde, Vallejo
I' Thomas. Uklah iP Martin, Petaluma
, l> Fisher. Fresno J Connelly, Stockton
T Germain, N V W G Saunders. N v
J. Allen. Selma -I Barry. Eureka
i H Smith New York J B Sexton, Nebraska
IL 'I Wilson, Seattle IW St Clair, Nebraska
0 Ft Grow, Eta.. Mrs L Parrish, Ls Ang
Conlon San Jose J Morrison. Fresno
! J Mulrov. Los Ang |C V Nicholson. Cal
+~*~s
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lulu V .'nd Julian C. Bothin to Fred W.
I Vaughan. lot on W line of Pierce street, 100
S of Ulster. S 37:6 by W 112:6; $10.
Italian-Swiss Mutual Loan Association to
Peter and Julia Martina, lot on S line of Hayes
: street, 193:3 W of Lott, W 25 by S 137:6; $2156.
M J. and Margaret I. Nolan to John J.
I Winner lot on E line of First avenue, 52:2.
i N of Clay street, N 25:1.44, E 117:10.7, S 25. W
120:.-.' 2 ; $10.
I Clara and Charles Bennett to Gertie Bennett,
lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 100 E of
, Colllngwood, E 25 by N 75; $10.
Marcus I. and Bertha Lindner to Fellse Brun,
I lot on P line of O'Farrell street, 183:6 W of
Mason, W 25 by 8 137:6; $10.
- John and Ada M. Hlnkel (by attorney) to
: Henry Hurreiws. lot 'in S line of Clement street,
.*.*, W of Twenty-fifth avenue, W 25 by S 100;
$10.
Douglas S. Watson to Louisa A. Montague,
lot on N line of Fulton (D) street, 32:6 "A of
Thirty-sixth avenue, W 75 by N 100; $10.
Andrew and Lena Chrlstensen to Olive V - Pr
kouteren lot on W line of Roanoke street, 50
N of Laldley. N 25 by W 113, lot 32, block 4.
Mission and Thirtieth street Homestead; $10.
" William C. and Sarah J. Hamcrton to John
W. Brooks, lot 17, gift map 3; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles Babb, J. P. Morrison and A. L. and
Abble C. Payne to Thomas K. James, lots 2. 3,
.18 and 19, block 3, Butler Tract, Oakland, quit
claim deed: $10. " .-"V
Thomas K. and Lillian. James to J. Lacoste,
lot on NE corner of Idaho street and Butler
avenue N 268.33. E 100, S 267.24, W 100 to be
ginning, being lots 2, 3. 18 and 19, block ?,
amended map of Butler Tract, Oakland; $10.
Congregational Sunday School and Publishing
Society of Massachusetts (a corporation) t.i
Martha J Neweomb, lot on S line of. West
I Third street, 25 W of Lewis. S 81.79. NW 52.39,
N 67.84 E SO to beginning, being a portion of
i lots 2 and 8, block I, Bay View Homestead,
; Oakland; $10.
George J. and Ruth D. Augur to John A.
'- Rrtlton. lot 10, block B. Linda Vista Terrace,
I Oakland; $4200.
Mary A., Maggie A., Emma J. and Nellie W.
Mofflt't to Joseph D., George W. and Harry M.
■ Moflltt lot on NE corner of Eeleventh street
and Twelfth avenue. E 75 by N 33:4, .being a
portion of. lots 1, 2 and 3, block 38, Clinton,
East Oakland;^. .. . • •
Henrietta L. Smith, executrix of the estate of
Nancy M. MJllett (by Robert M. Price, com
missioner)- to George Robins, lot on SW line
i of East Eleventh street. 90 NW of Eleventh
i avenue NW 55 by SW 150, being lot 17 and a
J portion of lots 16 and IS, block 16, Clinton, East
, Oakland: $3630. .
Catherine G. Tucker to Berkeley Friends
1 Church- (a ■■ corporation), lot beginning at a
' point on W line of lot 6, block 3, map of prop
' erty of College Homestead Association, 130 S
lof Chaaning way, S to SW corner of lot 6,
[ thence E 50 N to a point opposite th* point of
• beginning, thence to point of beginning, being
: a portion of College Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $100.
Charles G. Tucker to same, same (quitclaim
deed); $1. _ . '
Thomas D. and Rose A. Riordan to John F.
Dlngwell. lot on NW corner of San Pablo ave
nue and Isabella street, N 60 by W 100. being
lot 30 rind a portion of lot 31, Gunn Tract,
Oakland; $10. ■ •
A K. Clark to Emma Clark Scott (wife of 3.
A.), lot on N line of Simpson avenue. 760 W of
Telegraph, W 40. N 112.57. E 40 S 112.52 to be
ginning, being the W 40 feet of lot 26, Simpson
Tract, Oakland; $10.
RACE BETWEEN
MAIL STEAMERS
FROM HONOLULU
Gaelic Won From the
City of Peking.
♦ —
THE SHIP RELIEF DELAYED.
— • — . — ,
WAS IN YOKOHAMA WHEN THE
GAELIC SAILED.
♦
Two Fatalities on the British Ship
Ancaios — Woman Stabbed in a
Fremont-Street Lodging
. House.
It was the busiest Sunday the water j
front has seen in many a month yester- :
day. The transport Hancock got in with ]
the Nebraska volunteers during the night;
the steamer City of Sydney arrived from
Panama; the City of Peking and Gaelic
from the Orient; the British ship Ancaios
from Liverpool, and the French bark
Touralne from Swansea.
The Hancock and City of Sydney docked
during the morning, but the Gaelic did
not get alongside until late in the after
noon, and the Peking will not be released,
from quarantine until this morning. The
Gaelic brought 58 cabin, 8 second cabin, 13
Japanese and 209 steerage passengers,
while the Peking carried 32 cabin, 22 Euro
pean steerage and 139 Chinese' passengers.
The two steamers had Quite an excit
ing race from Honolulu, the Gaelic win
ning by ten hours. The Peking got away '
lirst, but the Gaelic soon overhauled her. 1
Then they lost sight of each other, only!
to meet again outside the Heads yester- j
day morning when the fog lifted. The ;
Peking had every stitch of canvas set and .
was bowling along at a great rate, and \
beat tin- Gaelic twenty-live minutes in j
the race front the Reads to the quaran- ;
tine grounds. The Gaelic made the run
In G days 1 hour and 53 minutes and the
City of Peking in 6 days 11 hours and 65
minutes from Honolulu.
The hospital ship Relief was in trouble
at Yokohama on July 2. While making
port from Nagasaki she went ashore on ,
the Saratoga Spit" and stayed there for
twenty-four hours. The Norwegian
steamer Thyra tiled to pull her off, but i
her hawsers parted. The next day there
was an unusually high tide and the :
steamer floated off. 'the Relief was still j
at Yokohama when the Gaelic sailed.
The British ship Ancaios arrived from j
Liverpool yesteruay after an unusually I
long passage "i I*>:_ days. She hau a sue- j
cession of southwest gales after leaving \
the British Channel anu had another siege j
of the same kind of weather off the Horn. .
There were a couple of sad fatalities uur- I
lng the voyage. One of the men fell ;
overboard from the jibboom and was |
drowned. His companion took his death
so much to heart thai he went insane, j
jumped overboard and was also drowned. j
On January 31, In latitude 47 north, longi- j
tude 11 west, Arthur Smith, aged 22 years, j
was lost overboard. He was out on the
jibboom in company with Leon Petitgren,
and losing his balance fell Into the ocean. j
Petitgren' seemed paralyzed by the acci
dent, but managed to get inboard again.
From that time on he was crazy, and on
February 2, in latitude IT north, ix west,
he yelled. "I'm coming:" and Jumped j
overboard. The ship was hove to and a. '
j boat lowered, but not a trace of thf crazy
man could he found. Petitgren was a
native of New York, aged 10 years.
The Ancaios was one of the fleet of ves
sels that lay in Manila Bay during the
destruction of the Spanish men-of-war.
Captain Fulton says it was a masterly
| piece of work and Admiral Dewey de
' serves all the credit he has received, and
more too.
The Mail Company's steamer ' City of
Sydney arrived from Panama and way
ports early yesterday. She brought up a
large cargo, nearly all of which came
from New Y'irk. and a good many passen
gers. The San Bias will take the Syd
ney's place, going out on August 8. The
latter vessel will probably be turned over
to the Government for use as a transport.
The French bark Touralne arrived from
Swansea after a quick passage of 129 days.
The. Touraine is on her maiden voyage
and is a very handsome vessel. She is the
first of a big fleet of French built vessels
that are now heading this way. Since
France began paying .1 mileage subsidy to
Its merchant marine, the number of ves
sels flying the tricolor has nearly doubled.
In the case of San Francisco alone there
are on the way here a dozen French
vessels, nearly all new, while last year
there were only two. 'Wl'.'-??.
There was a good sized row In the fam
ily lodging-house at 343 Fremont street
yesterday, and as a result John Donahue
is charged at the Harbor Police Station
with an assault with a deadly -weapon,
while Mrs. Mary Johnson had a slashed
. heel, and a black eye fixed up at the
Harbor Hospital. It appears that Mrs.
Johnson's rooms are over those occupied
by Donahue. The latter works all night
and has to Ret his sleep during the day.
He says Mrs. Johnson makes his life mis
erable' by the racket she and her friends
kick up "when he Is trying to sleep. Yes
terda* he met her on the stairs, and when
he spoke to her she tantalized him, and
he forgot himself and struck her. The
cut on her cheek she got on the banister.
Mrs. Johnson says Donahue Is the most
quarrelsome man alive. Saturday night
he promised to make her an inmate of the
Morgue, and yesterday he. tried to kill
her. He stabbed her in the face and then
tried to throw her down stairs. She called
for help and Officer Hemenez went to her
assistance. Donahue ran away when he
heard the policeman coming and locked
himself in 'his room. He would not come
forth when called upon, and the officer
had to break down the door to secure him.
Both the .man and woman were taken
away in the patrol wagon.
The Harbor Hospital is the most.neces
sary institution on the water front, and
there will be a howl of indignation if the
Board of Health closes the place. This
month has not been as busy as some of
the preceding ones, yet up to noon, yes
terday 326 cases had been treated, or an
average of more than ten cases a day.
The members of Court Apolo. A. O. F..
and their friends had a jolly time on the
bay yesterday. They chartered the
steamer Caroline and to the number of
2QO went for a cruise. After visiting t-ie
various points of Interest they became
the guests of the Lynde & Hough.Com
pany at California City, and there spent
the 'remainder of the day. The .Caroline
was the first steamer to salute the trans
port Hancock and the Foresters gave the
returning Nebraskans three rousing
cheers. ____-_______-_—
Sister Elizabeth's Farewell.
A farewell entertainment in honor of
Sister Mary Elizabeth was Riven in St.
Brendan's Hall yesterday afternoon by
the society of the Children of . Mary. Sis
ter Elizabeth has had charge of '.he soci
ety for nine years and has recently been
transferred to St. . Peter's parish, where
•-he will teach in the parochial schools.
She is endeared to the seventy members
of the Children of Mary by her devoted
service and yesterday's reception was
(riven as an assurance of the esteem in
which she is held by her pupils. An .-.d
dress of welcome and farewell was read
by Miss Mary McCarthy and Sister Mary
Elizabeth was presented .with a handsome
clock by the society. There was a musical
and literary programme. Revs. John F.
Nugent and P. .T. Quinn, in charge of the
parish of St. Brendan, were present.
BAY AND BIVEB STEALERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
•IKE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at . a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at _ p. m.
dally (Saturday etcepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days., 1 p. m. and 8:20: Sundays. 10:30 a. in., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1509.
FARE 500
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
LOTTERY
OF THE
BENEFIGEM PUBLICA.
The 126 th ordinary monthly drawing, class
G. drawn in the City of Mexico on July 27. \
1899. •
SPECIAL NOTICE— The public is cautioned ,
to beware of concerns claiming to operate lot- i
teries in the City of Mexico, or at any other
point in the Republic of Mexico, as all such
concerns are fraudulent The Lottery of the
Beneflcencia Publica ls the only one authorized !
and Indorsed by the Mexican National Govern- ;
ment. Beware of spurious imitations and see
that all tickets are signed by A. CASTILLO,
Intervenor, and U. BASSETTI, Manager, as
j none others are. genuine.
j No. Prize No. Prise No. Prize.' ,
19 2o| 110 20 261 20
I -274 40 310 4*4 422........ 20
1 518 20 727 40 753 40;
i 1119 20 1150.:*...... 2* 1168 1000 ;
I 1241 MO 1607 2:); 1611 20
1 1656.. 20 18S9 20 1899 ' 20
I*Bo 40 2039 40: 2247 40 j
2284 ..... 100 j 2387 20 2432 20
2629 40 2802 20| 2812 »
3053 100 3*70 2* 3203., 20
3255 20 1 3426 20 3533 100
3637 100-3797 20 1 3U6 4')
3966 -2013994 20 j 4031 20
4137 40 1221 4014374 20
1 43*15 4441 20, 460r. 20
, 4694 20 4707 40 4944 100
'■ 5180 40 5233 20, 5272 80
5339 40 5,350 40 5553 20
57.71 100 5397 20 5816 100
5884 4*l 5958 20 1 5991 80
. 6*23 4* 6036 40 6192 100
. 6223 2* 6230 100 6257 500
: ■ 6318 100 6333 20 6851 20
I C9SO ...*.... 201 70SS 20 7421 20
I 747.0 20 7499 20 1 7546 40
754S 100 7571 10*! 7613 20
! 7684 200 7686 40 7756 20
! 7817........ ]«o 7528 100,7828 20
! 7867 2" 792* 20 81-*V3 40!
I 8307 100 5320 20' 8345 20
: 8409... 40 8772........ 20; SSO6 20
; 8972 40 S9SBi 40 89*3 200
I 90*1 2* 9*17 40 9097. 40
j 9101 4* 9294 20 9324.. 40
! 9358........ 9.X73 20 9523 20
; 9602 40.9732: 20i 9750 IW
. 9810 201 9897 40/9909 40
10083 .... 20110170 40-10235 100
• 10161 20 10274 40 1*567 100
■ 10866 40 10930 20 10998 20
! 11126 20 11306 1000 11399 40
i 11405.' 100 11485 4011576 40
: 11844 4-MIMB 2011992 600
12019 100 12191 20 12257 40-
-12592 4012398 12706 20
: U. 733 4*12526........ 12827 40
I 12842 4*112882 40 12960 40
13101 40 13135 2013148 100
13173........ 20 13254 20 13339 40
13390 20 13402 I*o 13478 40 1
13808 .... 'J. 137-32 500,13582 20
13943 10014204 100 14448 40
14465 4*114310 2*14589 40 |
14620 20 14675 40.14715 JO
1476* . 10* 1 14855 i. 2" 17-024 20
i 17*70 40JK0S1 2*l-15092 20 j
15J97 .. 0.1 1 *,:.:..-, 40115340 100 |
•Mi 1:::.:... 2ou__3 20 J5$» ,12
15717 .- 40 15746 4*15793.'. 100
16*151 .. 2*16236 4»'!16260 20
16302::: 10016304 20.16326 20
16577 .. ... 40 16716 2*o 16733 .' 2*
17044! 100H7064 2*17233 20
17261 . . 20117300 100:17306 20
17527'" .. 20 17625 li.k> 17658 100
17774'".:.:.. 2017789 40 15152 100
! IBU3 ... 40 18220 40 18329 40
j 1K377 40 18394 100 1N451 40 |
( tssoB 2018554 40 18739 40;
I JsTnl 4* 18819 2* 19050 20
i lam ' ...... 2019J25 40U158 20
I l-.?'6 4*19518 4*1957-5 100
( 19612 1967S 40|19608 20
! 197:12 .... 20119804 40]" -
."0106 . 20*20285 10020288 »
I 20879 -10 2*386 20 20424 20-
I 20345 ' ::. 40120346 2*20663 2*oo*
"0894 ... ! 20959 20 20971 40
">-.,-.-; 20 211-5 2*21124 40 |
21219 201213*0 2021444 20
.1490 .... 201215U 4*21531 40
"1572 4021540 2*>;21937 40 j
2""93 . 20122303 22442 I*o
22651 ... 4*22917 22922 4* j
,'i-e, 40 ! 23126 20J23140 20 j
■M.173 .., 2*23326 201233-33 100 j
33428 .... 2023610 20 23623 40
"3701.! 401-*4050 20J2405S 4*
"415*7 '.'...'. 2024419 40«48JH 40
' 216M> .... 4025212 2" 27.220 40
\ 956"" , 20 : 25628.... 20025655 100
"5704.: 2' l 25742 20 25757 20
95713 20189088 2*261*9 I"'
262427".... ' 20 26208 200 20568 200
26700 7 4026703 20J26711 20
2fi-:C7 "0 27126 100 27386 20
I 27493 .... 40 27582 50027642 100
"77"3" ... 20 27763 40 27791 20
*7512 '. 20,27820 40 27876 20
278*' 4027945.. 2027972 20
'8019 .. 20 25125 20 28266 40
: 2*2X9™ 20 28288 20,25322 4*
"8452" '.'. 2028582 40 28794 20
I 2SSIB"-7: ... 4*!28550 2* : 29*36 20
j "911"' . 4029153 20 2919* 100
29196 . 10029261 2* i 29355 ' 40
"930" .. 2947.7 1*0,29496 20
I "96.86 40129698........ 20 29711 40
'378* . 4019816 4*29925 20
30045 "0 30088 I*o 3*120 4*
30147 ... 20J30232 10 304-8 20
30*.17, .. 2*3*651 20 30937 40
30943 20;310*6 20 31204 20
3i"f,o .... 1.(0 31274 :•»..". 40 31257 - 20
I 31362 ... 2021520 31528 40
31707 I*o 31794 40,31797 40
31801 20 32161 20,32176 100
32227 ... 2*32230 20133488 40
3"499 20132628 4*32639 20
326657 ...... 100(32094 49 32733........ 20
32733 2*32743 20 32769 40
i -,2795 . "0,33162 20 33210 20
3.335*::::.... 4*33418 20 33537 4*
: 33669 .... 20(33739 20 ; 33778 40
33503. .. 40-33883 20 32929 20
38986. . 100 3.066 20 '34094 100
34156 40 34174 20 3*185 40
! 34190 40 34236 40 34260 100
34273 . 40 34370 20 34393 200
31562 408*785 20 34839 20
. X 490577.7... 20.37.1139 401351.86 20
•I-,., 3 2035304 20 35392 20
35406 20 25468 500 35725 20
: .-,y.,3 20 35941 1*1*3614* 40
26188 41136240 20 36251 20
: 3r,"57 . 20 36473 20 36337 40
36543 .. 40136.570 36633 60000
; 36655' . 20 30820 40 '36881 40
3696::::.... 4087018 2*>- 37098 2*o
37188 .. 40 37287 37431... 20
37494 40 37525 100 37597 40
37659 7i. 40 37839 2037859 100
3M.-.1 20 38.38* 20:38471 20
35479 .. 2*38481 100 38707 I*o
-.<»-,,- 2039119 50039221 40
33317 ' .. 20139334 39367 40
39519,..,.... 4*39543 100 39729 40
! 88881........ 20 1
■ 10298 .... 40:40312 20 40814 200
I 408307 10040888 20:40983. 20
! 41099 .'.. 801411*0 20 11201 40
i 41202........ 40(11550........ 2041691 20
i 417-," . 100(1758 40 41843........ 20
419*7... .... 20141910 2042133.- '40
4"285 20 42356.. 20 42360 2*
42397 42564 20 42388 20
42736 100 42953 200 42987 100
42989 ... 2043112 20 43210 20
43290 ... 20 13293 20 43297 2*
43467 . • 43471 20143562 - 20
4307 20:43777... 43930 40
14146!!...:.. 2044312 20 44323 100
44495 ... 20 44799 40:44836 20
44841 .... 2*41*21 44934 100
45037 ... 40143070.. 3*45292 20
45579 .... lOOUI-.6H.. ...... 20 45644 •20
45676!! 4045744 4045811 20
45874 ... 4" 4'-»52 "20 46071 I*o-
-46146"!!..-. 4*46305 40:46395 '200
4646*! -.. 20 46789 2046849 20
46950 47048 20 47404 10000
47435 .... 200147456 200 47591 40
47643 20 47645 40 47723 20
47831 20^47893 40 47993 20
4SO6S 48*90 20:48098 20
48183 . 40 4*236 100 48324 40
48467!":.... 2*18495 « 20 48518 2')
48531 20148861 20 45692 2'i
48747 .... 20148856 40 48871 20
48jj 7 ; .. 20149051 20 49146 20
4 2 42 . 20 49279 40 49311 40
49373'" ... 20(49546 2049376 20
49594 ' .. 49607 40 49627 20
49704" :*.'... 40 49834 2649935 .' 20
Sflfios: .. 20(50077........ 20(50323 2*
60342 • 4071501 100180694 20
3*591 " 2fl's*63* I*it»so6il6 40
5067" !.. 50739 10*, 51142 20
61168 .... 4*51233 20 J 51710 40
6178J .. 4*31813 40151886........ 20
5194." ... 40521*3 3*52298 20
82811 ••• 52433....*.... 40 52603 20
v.,-,. 7' ... 20|SM28 40152808 20
5"*3.-» .... 20153054 2033069 200
53137; .... 40 53311 40133312........ 40
53447 .... 100 53582 20 53726 ....'■ 20
53738 ... 40,33930.." : 54006 40
540'G 2*54073 54124 20
14147 ... 100154878 20 34491 40
7,4+97 20 4579 ■ 40154688 I*o
.-.-,767 .V....'.. '. 2*5477* 2*154825 20
54913 2*53026 20 33*63 40
55075 40 7.51*5 4*. 55113 .;**' 20
53283 ... 35396 90196764 2<r
-.■: 2055892 2*36003 20
66110 100150*88 2*56514........ 40
5G.-.GS 20 56380 20 36718 40
7,6-76 57134 I**.) 57267 40
7,7"71 2057314 4057562 20
57460 20167781 40 57.8 11 2*
67961 ' 20158272 40J55252 20
58159 i ".'7,71 ' 2*58614 ....... 40
58749 4*588*1 205 8871 20
58.V17 20J35952 4*59107 20
59126 20'6<»263 "40:59389 20
59394 20 7.91.2 4*59493 40
5971* ;. 59772 20 1
60316 20.60340 20 6*393 40
60446 80)60*88 4* Oe'i.'.i',.*, 40
607*6 20JC0539 20 60888 I*o
60957 40161120 4*61138 4*
61156 4061234 2*61283 100'
61371 20161446.. 20(61648........ 20,1
617*4 20 61794 20 61923 ..:.... 20
62014 100062021.. 20 62124 20
62142 2') 6-.144 20:62154 100
\ 62172 40 62210 2062297 .... 2*
I 62431 40 62462 100162504 20
j C267-S 20102658 20 62924 I*o
I «lii 29 20163*36 .' 400250 20
63334........ 40 6336. 2*63419 20'
I 63462 2016.1483 40:6.38.2 20
I 63-V.l 4063826 20JG1093 100
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. No, Prize (No. Prize.
64"25 .. 2' • 64291 200 84439 40
64474 7 20 64496 500 64536 40
64671 .... 20164739 100 64834 40
64858 20 61915 2" 1,4948 20
65231 20 65236 20:63273 20
65527 20063572 40165615 20
65627 40 63731 40 66784 40
65792 6.5812 20:65930 20
66036 20066344 4" 06348 20
46612 4056788 10|6«7>8 20
670,12 20 67066 20:67084 40 .
17149 20 67217 10067367 20 '
67432 20 67383 20 67747 40
67752 -JO*-"***** I*o 67871 2*
67880 2067939 2068171 2.1
68229 5C065230 20|6548. 20
68-1--6 201651H4.. ...... 100:68553 100
68953 20168960.. ...... 40169018 20
69172 40 69177... ..... 100;69253 2)
69411 46 6 532 -" 69551 - '
69665 10 89678 -- 69838 I*o
69857 40' I
70007 20!7*027 207**84.. 20
70129 2*70158 4*i7*2t2.. 40
701P6 10017*689 7 706 508
70735 20 70919 2,71*84 100
71263 20,71409 20 71189 40
71C25 2*72114 2072107 40
72189 10*o -72191 200.72335 20
72365 20 73423 100 7:612 4.>
72763 72785 20172823 I*o
73052 40173086 20 7X097 2*
73166 :.. 20 7X223 20(73290......... 20 '
73294 2* 73440.- 2817360. 40
73631 • 20 737'*»i 20173731 40
73*49 2073876 40173889 20
74217 50017423S 2074298 40
74831 20 74386 2074457 4*l
74562 4074580 2074704 20
74727 20|74728 40 75064 20
75107 100 75113 4075140 2*
75153 4073181 20|7.*.2t5.. ...... 20
75364........ 75419 20(75493 20
75868 .... 20 75906 280 76*89 20
76133.: '' 4.'.76156 20 76249 200
76312 20 76393 20 76435 40 ■'
76456.......'. 40*76463 20:76540 20
76557 200767,61 20 76652 40
76666 20 76732 100 78838 20
777109 20:77323 20 77147 40 .
77516 4077651 77663 20
77674 10017750S 40175085 20 ;
78147 100(78183........ 20 78335 20
75515.: . 20179029 20 79073 20
79140 20 79173 209)79870 100
79374: 20 79379 20:79445 20
79465 4>> 79642 40,
__ APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
"100 numbers from 36585 to 36685 Inclusive, be-
ing 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60,000—660.
100 numbers from 20613 to 20713 Inclusive; be-
ing 58 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000— 540.
100 numbers from 47354 to 47454 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10.000—
TERMINAL PRIZES. ,
799 number* ending with 35; being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capitai
prize of $60.000— 52*. /
799 numbers ending with 63. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capitai
prize- of $20,000—520.
No. 36635 draws first capital prise of $80,000,
sold in New Orleans. 1.*.. and Austin, Tex.
No. 20663 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold In Ouavmas, Sonora, and Spokane. Wash.
No 47404 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in Monterey, N. Leon and Mexico City.
Nos 1168 11306. 57134, 62014- and 72189 draw
each $1000. " sold in Havana. Cuba, St. Louis,
Mo., Campeche, Camp., Mexico City, New Or-
leans, a., San Antonio. Tex.. San Francisco.
Cal.. New York City. St. Louis, Mo., Chicago,
111., and San Francisco, Cal. '--_'.
The regular monthly drawing No. I*7, with
capital prize of $80,000, will take place on
August 24, 1899. f . _' - *
Wholes, $4; halves, $2: quarters. 81: eighths.
SO cents; sixteenths, 25 cents. United States
money. ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
i^^ Steamers leave Broadway
WM-. wharf, San Francisco:
«______. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 ap^b^ July 25, °. August 4. change
WK-fl-R^_M ' or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
K___________K) c >- Port Te.wnsend. Seattle.
' •* a "Mß.'Bi Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
- 10 a. m.. July 25. 30. August
4 and every fifth day thereafter: change at
c'pittle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry- Bay) 2p. m.. July
For Eureka- (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. July
23. 28. August 2, and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cm-. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
i Gaviota' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. July 23. 27. 31, August 4,
| and every fourth day thereafter.
1 For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
i T_os Anneles and. Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., July 25729. August 2. and every fourth day
: tl For a Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosalia
i and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
' m |"or further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
: without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). _,
Goodall.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
i=>oi^Tr J -A.iNriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC «12 First Class Including Bert*
rAttt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15................
M . July 27, Aug. C. 16, 26, Sept 5.
1 COLUMBIA sails ....Aug. 1. 11. 21, 31, Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
1 " E. C. WARD, General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS « CO^^^
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
New York.... August .'New Tork.... August a
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30
St. Paul August 16,
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Adrla July 261 Kensington Aug. II
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Au*. 23
Westernland ...Aus- 9.
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st, or any of its agencies.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
■
FOR ST. MICHAEL, GOLOVIN BAY, CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer . -'■
BERTHA
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
above points, making prompt connections with
our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe 'Hioga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
: connecting at Hongkong with steamers for j
; India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
: cf .sailing..
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. July 21
i HONOKONO MARU Th.ir«dav. Autriun I? •
! NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofttca. .
421 Market St., corner First.
W. R. CURTIS. Oeneral Agent.
_______________ -_fai______BfUn.fi S. S. Moana sails..
_fPr^B_sS_bfiSi933!vta Honolulu and
_W__^lJ_l*B-s^ ■■^Auckland for Sydney
jgjCiSl *^j M Wednesday, August 9,
P__P__HB__TR_R F - p - Moana -- ,aI, * >
ft via Honolulu ar.d
£»■■■*■ A ■.•■•'..1.-.n.l for Sydney
9* Wednes, lay. August 9.
,_/| *^\ at M p. m.
Panrch'-W The s - s - Australia
*%&&& liWHIIjlIll/--- pails for Honolulu
y^i?_3^ /nTM-V-l-?!.-. Wednesday. August 23.
£J%. WBWWW at 2 P. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
I Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
| England, etc.; ?610 first class.
3 D. SP«£CKEI_S & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Ho*rt|»oi»»en
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Offlce. 327 Market St.
COHPAONIB GENERAL!! TRANSATLAHTIQB2
! DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _£_-».
I Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -^i___u_
' from Pier 42. North River, font of _-•-_:_
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. August 5; LA
: CHAMPAGNE. August 12;. LA BRETAGNE.
: August 10; LA NORMANDIE. August 26;
I LV TOURAINE, Sept. 2. First-class to Havre.
$6.-; and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
i trip. Second-class to Havre. 145. 10 per cent re-
! duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES A_nD CANADA. 32
Bnndway (Hudson building). New Tork. J. F.
'FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents 5 Mont-
-1 -rnmarv ava.. San Fra_ncl«__<-
1112
TURNERS FAIRLY EXCEL THEMSELVES.
They Paraded
in a Long
Line.
♦ —
FRt S o'clock yesterday morning.
all through the day and long into
the night the organizations partici
pating in tin- seventeenth biennial
festival of the Pacific Turn Bezirk
were on the move. In the morning they
paraded, several thousand strong, through
the streets of the city, breaking ranks to
be whirled on the cars to Glen Park,
which had been turned over to them for
the occasion and will be again occupied
to-day by them. All during the afternoon
-they swarmed in the windswept valley in
the. Mission hills, watching the turners
turn and drill and jump, listening to the
Fongs of the singing sections, blowing the
froth of the brew of the vaterland. dan
ting on the hurricane decks of two out
door pavilions and complaining of the
dust-laden gales that came near to mar
ling the pleasures of an easily pleased
people
But just as the committee in charge
began to talk seriously of postponing the
athletic events arranged for the open and
confining the afternoon's programme to
the addresses in the theater and the sing
ing competition, the wind, as if only
waiting for this threat, died down to a
comparatively gentle blow, the sun came
.-.;u strong, things warmed up generally
and the committees decided to allow the
individual athletic competitors to pro-
The afternoon under these changed con
ditions passed pleasantly enough, and tne
dusty pleasure-seekers reinforced by a
lunch well washed down —to procure
which they made such a run on the cafe
as had never been seen before— began to
enjoy themselves. They succeeded ad
mirably, and between the singing and the
turning, the dancing and the shooting,
wore ready for the dinner upon which to
place the superstructure ot the evening s
entertainment at Turner Hail.
The programme olfered could not nave
been bettered, and the capacity of the
hall was more than taxed by those who
enjoyed it. A splendidly arranged con
cert "concluded the entertainment of one
of tbe greatest days in the history of the
Pacific Turn'Bezirk.
The parade with which the day began
was made up of seven large divisions
thai began moving promptly at 9 oclock
in the owing formation:
First Division— Platoon of police; rman s
Band- grand marshal. Ulrich Ramensberger;
chief 'aid* W R. Remensberger. Fred Htnz;
aids to grand marshal, H. Veroni. A. Fischer.
F Sicfke. H. .his. O. Fincke; San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein. Captain John Thode com
manding; Concordia Verein. Hermann W rede
marshal: Court German America, American
Order of Foresters, No. 7274, AY. .1 Clauss
marshal; John Former. John Becker, G. Faude,
-tids
5 Second Division— Oscar Hocks, marshal; aids.
John tmann, Frank Schroeder. E. Bar
week an.l Julius Wrede; Hen, ke's Band; grand
officers of the Order of Hermann Sons of Call-:
n.rnia; members of the Order o il-rmann
Third Division-.!. Kollster, marshal; aids.
Fmil Marzolf, W. Gerk Louis yon der Meh
■len's Hand: mania Club; float; Schleswlg
Holsteiner Verein. J. Nagel marshal: H. Gur
kens, H. Westphalen. aids; Xorddeutscher Ve
ref-n, with drum corps. F. Ratjens marshal; J.
Sehleemann, i li. Abraham, aids. ■
Fourth Division— George Braun, marshal;
Richard Schnutenhaus. aid; G. yon del Meh
-Jen'« Hand; Schuetzen Company San Francisco
X rieger Verein. Captain .'■. Francke command
ing: members of the San Francisco Krieger
Verein; German Veterans: in ischaft.
Fifth Division— Jacob Rumetsch, marshal: C.
Fleischer, H. Fei!. aids: Dunk's Band inde
pendent Red Men's huetzen Company. Cap
tain H. Grieb commanding; Philip Haul', mar
shal- J Neugelbauer, aid; Gambrinus Verein;
San Francisco Schwaben Verein; Sueddeutsche
Verein; Radishes Verein; Bayern Bund; San
Francisco Hessen Verein.
Sixth Division— Adoiph Becker, marshal: aids,
A Entzmann, Charles Rehm. J. Daubner, *.\ .
L- ewe Theodore Maier. Jacob Renz. F. Klotz,
j- Fredericks, A. Klein; Frank Borgel's Band;
Schuetzen Section Verein Eintracht, Captain F.
Kuhls commanding; members of Verein Eln
tracht. ,
Seventh Division- J. M. Froeger, marshal;
ai.ls. F. Eggerling. Peter Eckhoff. D. Juergens,
P. Hannover Verein; drum corps San
Francisco Turn Verein; Schuetzen Section San
Francisco Turn Verein. Captain F. Attinger
commanding; executive committee of the Fa
«iti. Turn Bezirk: prize judges of the festival;
active members participating in the prize turn
ing in gray uniforms, float; all members be
longing to the Lezlrk; California 3 uetzen
Club members in carriages, i'liilo Jacoby mar-
•The long column marched up Market
street to Montgomery, to Bush, to
Ki-arnv. to Market, to Van Ness avenue,
lo Fulton, marching to Market, I
:o Eleventh; tee Mission street, breaking j
up to board forty special oars provided
for the purpose of conveying the Turners
to Glen Park. Despite the early hour tlie I
entire line < >*" march was crowded with i
spectators; and the Turners .ami the or
ganizations marching with them were j
cheered many a time and ft. The differ
ent orsanizations showed up in line form,
the supple figures of the Turner:- showing
to advantage in 'their gray gymnasium
•uniforms. The organizations of sharp
shooters in .lager uniforms had a jaunty
businesslike air, while the boys' and girls'
turner classes were represented by targe
delegations;
The Hanoveraner Verein made two dis
tinct hits. It was mounted on any num
ber of gray horses, and ii was led by the
fattest man in the procession, Oscar
Hocks not barn
The Germania Club's float was < . r_ ..- of
the most artistic conceptions every «cen
.in a parade in this city. It was designed
to represent the friendly feeling between
the Fatherland and the opted country,
p.nd to this end showe 1 representatives
•nf the army and navy of each nation
grouped about tlie geni-.rs of the club, a
very charming personage: who is Miss
Anna l.achmann in private life. Henry
Marzolf was the American marine anil
Fritz Muhl the German: Fred Older. burg
was the American soldier, and Henry
Emericlt the wearer of the eagle helmet.
Charity being one ef the guiding princi
ples fit the club, that character was rep
resented on the ileal by Miss' Theresa
Mat! hi while Mi:-:. Adele Wchrenbi.rg
was the Goddess of Music. still further
Carrying out the idea of harmony, Trifle
Sam. represented by Ernest Gehrmann,
completed th-'- tableau vivant. which was
-.bordered by a group of prettily dressed
children.
Another float thnt attracted consider
able attention was that symbolic of the
turners themselves. On It. in company
with the ladles representing Columbia
and Eureka, was Father Jann himself,
without whom there would not. have been
the turner organization of to-day.. Henry
Hllpiscll had the honor of representing
the founder of the organization. Mrs.
Martha Bart* 11 -was Columbia and Mrs.
Mary Schueite Eureka;
Arrived at the park, the turners and
their friends spread themselves out all
over the place. They crowded the pavil
ions and flooded the cafe until the waiters
were fairly swamped with orders; they
took possession of the theater and
lunched ere, too: they shot at targets
and visited tho sideshows and mixed up
generally as only a good-natured crowd
can. It was a day for general good
fellowship and no one let an opportunity
go by i. improve it. even in the face of
the saucy zephyr:, and the nebulous real
estate. ; -' •
After lunch any number of bands struck
up. a::d notwithstanding the clouds of
dust a picked lot of about 130 turners from
the» San Francis* >, Mission. Eintracht and
Veorwaerts vcreins, all local, and the Ban
Jose. Sacramento, Oakland, Marysville,
Napa and Stockton organizations.
marched Into the amphitheater to give the
mass exercise. Each gray-clad turner
carried a pair of wooden bells, and for
half an hour, under the direction of Rob
ert rth, the technical leader, they went
Through the niarvelously beautiful evolu
tions of the turner drill. They worked
with a will in a breeze almost strong
enough to lift them off their feet, and they
perspired to sue ii purpose that not one of
them hut collected more than his share of
the flying hillsides In cakes beneath his
eves. " They did not mind a little thing
like that, however, and retired amid
rounds of applause to prepare for the ath
letic contests, while crowds upon crowds
piled Into the theater to listen to the ad
dresses and the competition of the sing
ing societies.
E. A. Denicke made the opening ad
dress on the invitation of the festival
committee. He began by telling the pleas
ure It gave him to address the turners
after an intermission of twelve years, and
pointed out the fact that they had as
sembled, a.« formerly, to give evidence of
that progressive force which marks the
spirit of the times and which had done
so much in pushing civilization. In fur
thering this civilization, he continued; the
United States was abreast of any In the
world. He showed this country's predom
inance in agriculture, manufacture and
mining. The country's universities anil
scientific schools, he said, were winning
honorable place. In all branches of in
dustry the country flourished, aire) it had
also flourished and been victorious in war.
He continued:
"Men? Sana in corpore sar.' —"A sound mine!
n a sound body." You are German born or of
German offspring. You are. imbued with cer
tain ideas and characteristics, and as j*OU are
a strong people these ideas and characteristics
could not be lost either by social Intermixture
or by intermarriage. With you the;, were the
results of the teachings of centuries, falling un
thinking, fruitful minds; the: had come to
you from rich yon Hutten, Hans Sachs, Mar
tin Luther, the great Frederick. Freiherr yon
Stein. Father Jahn. from Lessins. Schiller.
Goethe. Theodore Koerner. Helnrlch Heine,
fierwegh and Freiligrath., Alexander -■ in Hum
boldt, from Mozart, Beethoven and Schubert,
from Kant and Sohlegei and from Froebel and
hundreds of other illustrious men who gained
for Germany the sobriquet "A Nation of
Thinkers."
When in 1848 the best men in our Fatherland,
with a childlike faith in the aphorism that
"right must be might," dared life, liberty and
fortune, but failed in re-establishing ' German
unity, a tide of immigration eel in which
brought to this country such men as Friederleh
Hecker, Carl Schurz. Franz Slegel F. Sehuene
mann-Pott, Karl Heinzen. Friederrch Kapp,
Hassaureek and thousands of others of Ger
many's best blood. The eflect which this influx
, had on the social; industrial and political life
of this country could not be lost and can be
detected on every hand and In even' sphere
of the nation's life even at this day.
The Germans settleel in th> great Northwest,
they, supplied labor to our factories, they in
augurated new industrial ventures, among
which were chemical works, jewelry ami musi
cal Instrument factories, wire works Hike those
of tht ■. rings, who bull! the Fast River
bridge) breweries and sugar refineries; they
planted our valleys with fruit trees and our
hillsides with the grapevine. It was greatly
due to the eloquence of Carl Schurz, who
stumped the States in 1860, that Abraham Lin
coln -was elected President. And when, in
consequence, the great war of the rebellion
broke out. Schurz left his post at Minister at
Madrid and hurried home to enlist as a private
s.elflier to fight for the union, together with
more than 100,00(J German-born American citi
zens. Entire regiments composed of Germans
went to the front from every part of the North
ern Stater. — and here let me say that nearly
every large city of the Middle and Western
States sent out a turner regiment, and that it
was the Turn Ver*ln of St. Louis which by
force of arms kept the State of Missouri nut of
the Confederacy. For this act of loyalty they j
were by the rebel element stigmatized as. the I
TURNERS GO THROUGH THE MASS EXERCISE AT GLEN PARK
One hundred and thirty gray-clad members of the Turn Vereins comprising the Pacific Turn Bezirk, under the leadership of Technical Leader Robert Barth,
won plaudits from the thousands at the Mission resort for their splendid work.
THE SAN FBA.NCISCO CALL, MO 3* PAY, JULY 31, 1899,
"damned Dutch of Missouri." In our latest
and present war also the Germans are well to
the front, for without having before one the
muster roll of the army one need but real the
list of casualties to know that citizens of Ger
man extraction are fully represented in the
field.
At this point let me refer to a matter of re
cent occurrence. Meetings have been held in
Chicago. Detroit, and other large cities in the
Fast of American citizens of German birth to
protest as "German-American" citizens against
certain pro-Anglican and anti-German reports
and insinuation's.-. While ail American citi
zens have the Inviolable right to meet for any
lawful purpose— and this was a lawful one —
I think that they made a mistake when they
called themselves "German-American" citi
zens. That name is an anomaly; there is no
Herman-America, no more than there is an
Irish-America or an Italian-America: cense.
quently there can be no citizens of such name.
This is the I'nited States of America, the be
loved country .if our free choice, of. which we
are justly proud. Here we 'cast our ballot;
here we work, build our homes, raise our fami
lies an-1 acquire competencies. For this coun
try's preservation we have fought and are will
ing to fight again against all aggressors, who
ever they may be.
If England thinks it good policy to misrep
resent th.- Intentions of the German empire as
to this country I say "give the i all more
rope." The sequel will tell whether England
has not more to lose and is at heart not more
envious of America's greatness than Germany,
whiuh. by the way, is England's most danger
ous neighbor. 1 have implicit faith In the
people of this country, in its statesmen and
university professors; I have faith in our Em
bassador' at. Berlin. Andrew D. White, who
again and again has assured our Government
! that Germany is absolutely friendly to the
I United States.
■
I love. the land of mv birth as well and as
much as any so-called "German-American' : I
am proud of its history, where it is creditable;
J am proud of its unification and the victories
on the battlefield that led thereto; 1 am proud
of Its great men in science ami art. of its
great seats of learning, of the gigaintic strides
it has made In industry and commerce. I love
this dear old. mother of mine, and my fondest
wish is to see. her once more, then to return
here to live and die an American citizen.
Mr. Denicke then spoke of the connec
tion, between German Turnweser and, this
country's -progressive force. He gave a
short history of the founding of tne organ
ization. by the men of '48.
In those days, he said, .there were no
gymnasiums. Athletics at school and
college were an unknown quantity. Box
ing was practiced, it is true, but only by
the professional -slugs-er. West Point and
Annapolis had each a fencing-master but
no instruction in physical culture. The
youth of both sexes were narrow-chested
and awkward; the girls especially were
pale, thin and delicate. The orthodox
church— In those days there was
hardly any other— with suspicion
on outdoor sports. Slowly but surely the
Turners' motto "Mens sana in corpore
sano," became-- understood. He pointed to
tip- universities and schools of the coun
try to bear him out In his assertion.
Mr. tlie-ke', who spoke 111 English, was
followed by Dr. Max Magnus, the bezerk
sprecher, who gave welcome to the vis
iting Turners an/i their friends in the
tongue of the fatherland. He said it did
his heart good to see such an outpouring,
which must be considered as the most
representative German gathering held
here for years. He called attention to the
fact that the active members of the
Turner organization contested not for
money or other Intrinsic valuables, but
for laurels on the field of honor.
"This is not only a Turner festival," he
said; "it is a popular festival (a volks
fest) in the true sense of the word. Be
sides the Turners there are the sharp
shooters, the singing societies and the
social and benevolent organizations, and
they are out In full force for the purpose
of showing that the German-Americans
of the Pacific Slope are not asleep; that
they are fully awake; that they have
earned the- citizenship fit" this their .adopt
ed country; that they are willing to de
fend at all hazards the rights and priv- 1
ileges thus earned. They know that In
the industries and the professions the
German-Americans have maintained first
rank, and they are proud that they have
hrought to tin- country of their adoption ■
the best gifts that the valerland could
offer.
"Not that we think ourselves better
than American citizens of other extrac
tions, but. with the firm "belief that if all
citizens of the United States feel As we
do. we need no alliance with any foreign
power: and thai this country will always
find its ally a- home in Its citizenship; and I
that we will concede to no i -111- the right !
to precede us in defending this country I
against foreign aggression."
Dr. Magnus asked for three cheers for j
"The I'nited States, th- country of i m j
adoption." They were given with a will,
and the audience settled down to listen to
the singing competition, in which the fol
lowing participated:
Singing section of the Oakland Turn
Verein. Henry Kaehler director; of the
San Jose Turn Verein; of the Mission
and San Francisco Turn Vereins. A. Han;,
director. The decision of the judge was
that the Oaklanders were the victors:
While the singers were engaged in the
pavilion large crowds watched the eighty- i
odd Turners in the individual compi ti-
Day of Great
Sport at Glen
Park.
, tion, under the rules of the North Ameri
; can Turner Bund. The athletes had not
i finished their programme of running,
jumping, shot-putting, etc., when the sun
I went down, .for which reason it will be un
! able to determine the- winners until to
day. There will be another parade this
I morning, class competitions at Glen Park
! in the afternoon, and, a grand ball litis
' evening at Turner flail, when prizes will
be distributed. Tuesday will be devoted
! to excursions to points of Interest in and
around the city.
CONCERT AT TURN HALL.
. ,
Oakland Singing Section Had the
Place *-f Honcr.
The hall of the San Francisco Turn
Verein at "17 Turk street was crowded
; to the doors last night with a joyous
throng which sought fittingly to end the
day's festivities by lifting up their voices
in song. In the true German, way they
enjoyed themselves heartily. The many
voiced choruses that chanted the beloved
j songs of the fatherland were loudly ap
plauded by the happy audience.
- The gala- concert was opened with an
overture by the orchestra. Then a choir
of seventy voices, under the leadership
of Professor J. R. Rieggcr, took the
stage. Then followed the singers of the
, Germania Club, under Professor. P.
Engels. The Oakland Turn Verein, di
rected by Henry Kaehler, came next, sing:
ing the "Home Coming." Professor H.
Genss, with a chorus of fifty voices, pre
ceded the barytone solo of Turner John
Plagemann, which won prolonged ap
plause.
Minerva de Chent-Heuermann, later In
the programme, sang "Robert der Teu-
I," and Fraulein Kmelie i Xeubert also
rendered a beautiful soprano solo.
The Oakland verein. having won tne
first place in the singing contest in the
day's exercises, was given the place of
honor, that is, the singing of the last
number on the programme.
John Simmon. Daniel Frank and Justus
Herbst formed. the committee having the
concert In charge and. the success of the
affair is largely due to the efforts of these
gentlemen.
AT THE PARK AND CXIEF.
Big Crowds Enjoy a Day at the City's
Pleasure Grounds.
Yesterday was a quiet day at the park
and beach. . Although the day was pleas
ant and the crowds large, all were on
their good behavior. No accidents were
reported, neither was an arrest made.
Remembering the almost fatal accident of I
the Sunday before, the youngsters who I
assembled out by the ocean expended
their surplus energy . in pursuits other
than climbing the cliff. Cyclists were
also held down to the speed limit, and
not even a barked shin detracted from
the pleasure of a single wheelmen.
At the Chutes the usual big crowd as
sembled. Miss Johanna Frisco, the
Ourang-Ooutang, and two new snakes
from far away Australia, one of the car
pet species of great length, the other a
diamond head, were the attracting fea
tures. The vaudeville entertainment was
well patronized, as were the many other
si.!, attractions.
The results of the contests at Sutro
Baths follow: Fifty-yard dash, novice.
(} Freeth tirst: R. Took second: 100-yard
race, juvenile, 11. Seebach first. F. Freeth
second; special 120-yard race, non-profes
sional, won by D. Carroll: tub race, won
by VY*. Fisher, C. Augustus second. D.
Leepold third; trick and fancy spring
board diving, won by R. Cordell, R. Rid
ing second; diving for plates, won by (1.
Freeth, C. Augustus second.
Eahey Denies the Charge.
William Fahey. proprietor of the Cos
mopolitan Hotel, declares that the charges
of "colonizing" made against him are un
just and untrue. The gentleman states
that to his knowledge no person claims
a residence at his 'hostelry who has not
a right to be there, and that he has never
aided or abetted any "colonizing"
schemes. The proprietor admits that three
suspicious names are on the register from
his house, two of employes and another of
,-; guest who spends much time in the c ty.
but he says that he had no knowledge of
the registration"? at the City Hall.
Transfer of Oil Business.
The King Keystone Oil Company has
•succeeded to the business of f_,athrop &
King, at 116 Front street, where they will
be pknscd to continue to furnish their
patrons with petroleum and its products.
FRED. 1.. KING. Pres.
ROBT. S. KNIGHT. Sec. and Treas.
San Francisco. Cal., July 26. 1899, *
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
Elegant White
Golden Fleece
Blankets.
On Mondau, Julu 31st, will commence our .
FALL SALE OF FINE WHITE BLANKETS.
During the past four months we have had
made to OUR SPECIAL ORDER bu the CELE-
BRATED GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MILLS an
immense auantitu of ELEGANT WHITE
BLANKETS, These Blankets are all made
from PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL, Come in
all sizes, are bound with veru heavy wide silk
ribbon, and we will sell them at prices lower
than present cost to manufacture, We will
also sell with these Blankets FOUR CASES
WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BED-
SPREADS, extra size and all hemmed, at
53.50 each.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY FOR QUALITIES AND PRICES.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
TO HELP SWELL THE
ENTERTAINMENT FUND
NATIVE SONS WILL GIVE A
MINSTREL SHOW.
Splendid Programme Is Arranged
to Take Place Wednesday-
Evening.
.
The Native Sons are working hard on
their minstrel show, which, is to take
place at their hall on Mas. .11 street next
Wednesday evening at 8 O'clock.
The price of admission will be
50 cents to all parts of the
house, and the money realized from the
performance will he devoted to the fund
now being raised to defray the expenses
of the reception committee that will wel
come home the California volunteers.
The boys are more in earliest than they
ever were before in their lives; the ob
ject is one in which they have entered
heart and soul, and nothing that talent
can produce and hard work accomplish
to make the entertainment a complete
success will he overlooked. V
A rehearsal was held yesterday after
noon at Native Sons' Hall, and it is no
exaggeration to say that there have been
few if any professional troupes that have
ever visited this city since the days of
Hilly Emerson and Charlie Reed which
have come Dp to the standard of these
clever amateurs. The following is the
programme they will present next
Wednesday evening:
interlocutor Dr. \V. H. Sieh«rst
Runes la- Egan. Charlie Cathcart and
Henry I 'st hi 8
Tiiinl.os \V. J. Hynes, Mai Furst and Fred
Gloeker.
Overture. Company.
Native sens' ('lee Club, introducing a- me.l
ley of popular son fr?- Charles Huffachmtdt, .1.
J. Hammond. K. Matheson, '' W. Hinek. .1.
E. Morrisoy. George W. Meyer, .Tack O'Neill.
George H. " Vaughn. Pan Nunan. .1. B. Witt
nV.ire, James Kinkade, Arthur Hawkins. B.
P. I.ni'He-'.-'i. C. H. Kendrick and George
Zelle.
"Hottest Coon in Town" Charlie Cathrart
"King's 1 lhampion" Frank Thompson
"My .Van Ellxer" Mai. l-'urst
Selections Knickerbocker Quartet
"My Gal's Done Wrong" lack Egan I
"Four Leaf Clover" W. M. Ogilvle
Specialties l...Jark Robinson j
"Without Thee" Ben Tarbox
"It Didn't Take Long to D " W. .1 ilyn*s ;
"Rocked in the Cradle of the Dee;)''
I/. A. Larsen 1
Grand finale. "California's Welcome."
Just Escaped Drowning.
John McCarthy fell into the hay at the
! foot of Fifth street late last night, and
was nearly drowned before he was fished
j out by Officer O'Callahan. . He was hur-
r ied to the Receiving Hospital and put in
j a condition to try it again.
« ■» «
Two Bibs Broken.
John Kelly, who resides at 215 Stevenson
street, fell at the corner of Fourth and
Mission streets last evening and broke two
ribs. lie was hurried to tin- Receiving
Hospital. where his broken bones were
spliced together.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
ONE WEEK FpJ SI
FREE '^^L §
Treatment and Medicine 0 § •
FOR * §\\^ \
Catarrh Deafness, lisp
NOISES IN THE EARS ££%£
AND THROAT DISEASES j_pv / /rffl
given to show the superior r^s""/ tSs, •
merit of my new Invention 4__ty _4t*m.*'
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; §§? jWgOj**
that gives many marvelous a& r2sS!sn
cures anil so easy a child *T^»_ £&§%*§& '•
can use it Ir. 1200 test cases 3
all CATARRHAL patients re- S. $__%___¥
lieved and Se) per cent Deaf- B_r^KS»_BS_P^s^'
ness cured. Best of references tg-2-SSp^BB-?s>>i
and hundreds of endorsements. But the btst is
to try tt and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or writ".
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
J3purs-D-n A. IL. 1-3 a_.« T-3 P. M.
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CO
We have a great variety of foods
especially adapted for quick meals-
good for school children's luncheons
"SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Whiskey— g * * .cvi o k ai $3
A pure Kentucky bourbon 3 bots 2
reg'ly $4 gallon $1 bottle
Com— Foam 12ic
Selected sweet and tender— packed
in Maine — reg'ly 15c can
Olive Oil— Sub/Am* 50c
Finest quality of Lucca oil we
import reg'ly 55c quart bottle
Sardines— i*p a 12jc
French fish in finest doz $1 40
olive oil— reg'ly 15c tin
Beer— EverartVs pts $1 35
Brewed from pure Canada qts 210
malt- reg'ly $1 55 ana $2 35 doz
Cocoanut— 22^C
Schepp't well known brand
reg'ly 30c lb— not rancid
sweet and natural flavor
Bouillon capsules 25c
Anker 3 * beef and celery extract
combined— reg'ly 30c
Cleaning compounds „-«,, , pecia ,
Siiexa for windows and cut fir'-ss 15c 10c
Calpolio for silver and gold 25c 20c
S. H ap' h'-.use.leanine 12Jc 10c
Orange marmalade. 3jarssoc
• SouthtceWs— English— reg'ly 25c jar
Night lights— Pope's head 10c
To burn in nut oil dozsl 10
To burn in nut oil doz $1 10
safe and odorless
Chino nut oil bottle 20c
reg'ly 25c $J 25 gallon 90c
Tooth brushes 2 for 25c
Soft, medium and stiff— good
bristles— strongly made
Combs— unbreakable 25c
Made of rubber— durable •
reg'ly 35c
Listerine— Lambert's bot 65c
Lantern candles box of 72 65c
Paraffins wax burn 4 hours .
Belvedere folks take notice-reg'ly 75c
Tea— trial packets— any flavor 10c
43; Pine i_s Sutter 3800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring us the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip, tilt, waver or , pinch.
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phone
Main 10.
OPTIC!ANS^ JSAPHic:APP^AtUS,
At. .. ■ ■*• rnOTUo^ SCIENTIFIC--*
642 Market st. instruments
»v-D_.t c-.o!jic:.t_Bviio>feiw "