VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 27.
OPEN THREAT
OF WAR ON
TRANSVAAL
Chamberlain's Significant
Speerh to the Unionists
at Birmingham.
SCORES BOERS' STAM)
''Bri' ons W.l' Insist Upon the Means . ;
to Find a Resift Esssnfal to :
the Peace of Son b Africa" :
■>
Fproini Plena t-h to The Call. j !
-> ,:""-. ! ;
Yj [RMIXCiH \M. Eng . June I
• |\ 26. — Joseph Chamberlain, ;
— * Secretary oi State for the :
Colonies, addressing: the Union- :
','ists of this city thi* evening, re- ;
viewed carefully the Transvaal ;
question. In the course of his ;
speech he said that, owing: u~> the I '
enormous military preparations :
'of the Government of the South
African republic. Great Britain ;
had been compelled to increase
the British garrison in Cape Col
' ony and Xatal. entailing an ad- :
ditional expenditure of 500,000
pounds annual!} .
Mr. Chamberlain said the Gov
ernment had tried to establish
friendly relations with President
Kruger, but all advances had
been received with contempt. He
then proceeded to eulogize Sir';
Alfred Milner. Governor of Cape j
Colony and British High Com- i
missioner for South Africa.
After denouncing in the j
strongest terms the attitude and !
actions of the Boers, Mr. Cham-;
berlain with great deliberation j
and'-emphasis added:
"The Transvaal's enormous
secret service fund has procured
jt friends and advocates in every
country. The way tne British I
subject there is treated is not only 1
a menace to them all but inter
sSvith our prestige among the
s, who now regard the
rs and not the British as the
paramount power.
"Besides the breaches of the
London convention, the Trans- j
vaal is flagrantly violating the
equality that convention was in
tended to secure. Its misgovern
ment is a festering sore, poison- i
ing the whole atmosphere of
South Africa. The Dutch in Cape j
Colony and Xatal would be. in the
• happiest condition, but so long as;
the disease of hatred and sus
picion prevails in the Transvaal
it is impossible to stop the con
tagion.
"Four times since independ
ence was granted we have been
on the verge of war with the
Transvaal. It is erroneous to say
'the British Government wants
war; but it is equally erroneous to
say the Government will draw
back, now that it has put its hand
:to the plow.
"'We hope the efforts that are
now being made will lead to an
amicable arrangement, for Great 1
Britain only desires justice, but
"there comes a time when patience
can hardly be distinguished from
weakness and when moral pres
sure |>ccomes a farce that cannot
be continued without loss of self
respect, i trust that time may
never nun. in this instance, but
if it does Britons will insist upon
• the means to find a result essen
tial to the peace of South Africa."
The speech was warmly • ap
plauded. . In reply to a vote of j
thanks, Mr. Chamberlain said he
felt strengthened and encouraged
by this confidence and support,
..He had spoken from the heart be
cause he believed they had
reached a critical turning point in
the history of the empire and that
the whole world was watching to
see how they would issue from
the difficulty.
"It is my belief," said he, in
closing, "that the country will
show itself not unworthy of its
glorious history and traditions." j
The San Francisco Call.
SOCIALISTS AT BREST PLAN
A DEMONSTRATION
THEY USE DREYFUS AS A PRETEXT.
Seacoast Fortifications at Brest, Where Dreyfus Will Probably Land-
PARIS, June 26.—
The French cruiser
S?ax, with Captain
Alfred Dreyfus on
board, coaled at St.
Michael, Azores Isl
ands, on Wednesday.
BKKKT, France, June 26. — xbe
jr r « i rfage, which put to
.■!i Sunday evening, the be
lief bein was goii
meet the Sfax, having <'apiain I
Alfred Dreyfus on board, returned here
•clock this evening. Same sailors
who landed tat< Bhe had not met
the Sfax. She encountered a fog
released her carrier pigeons about 12
ies out at sea, after which she re
port. It has all along been
officially claimed that the cruiser was;
!. aving Br< st solejy to test Borne carrier
■
Anothei Dreyfusard meeting, organ
ized bj So lalists. was announced for
this evening In the Salle dv Treillis
h^re. Circulars had boon distributed
during the day calling upon the people
rest tn "defend their liberties pain- ]
ed at the expense of the four revolu- j
tions" ami to "prevent the supreme
shame to humanity of the condemna
tion of an innocent man."
The police took strinpent precautions
to prevent trouble. Detachments of
gendarmes were located in the houses,
in the vicinity of the hall, and the p gu
lar police, which wen also stationed
about the place, doubtless z:iv the pro
prietors of the ball a hint, because
when the organizers of the meeting ar
rived at the hall at 8:30 this evening
headed by a locjtl anarchist leader
named Brousseouloux the proprietor
withdrew permission for the meeting
and a hot altercation without result
ensued.
Finally Brousseouloux and his friends
declared th<ir Intention of creating a
demonstration In the streets and called
upon their supporters to follow them.
The Commissary of Police, who was
present at th^ altercation, Immediately
ordered forty gendarmes to cordon the
streets and cut off communication with
the center of the town. Brousseouloux
whs then kept outside. There was
much talk, but at that time there was i
no disorder.
An hour or bo later a crowd of pome
f>no made a long detour and flocked into
the town by another route. They wer<*
joined by all the loafers in Brest, an.l
overran the whole place, shouting "A
bas PArmee." "Vive Loubet," "Vive
Dreyfus" and "Vive la Social Revolu
tion." i
Such a demonstration had never been
h".-.r<l of before in Brest, whose popula- j
tion was at first thrown into a state
of consternation, but the thing soon be
came farcical. As soon as th»- crowd j
met a few police, headed by a police j
commissary with the tricolor scarf i
around his waist, it dispersed and by
half-past 10 the streets were quite i
calm except for the ragamuffins singing j
the ".Marseillaise" and the "Car
magnole" out of the. hearing of the po- J
lice. The latter only arrested four, and I
t ] ir .<s* will probably be released to- j
night.
Brousseouloux disappeared at the j
first sign of a collision. The truth is
the anarchists and socialists are here
only to further thir own propaganda j
through the Dreyfus affair and thf>re is
little likelihood of serious trouble.
FRANCE'S PARLIAMENT
SUSTAINS THE MINISTRY
Noisy Demonstrations in the Cham
ber of Deputies During the Pre
mier's Explanation.
PARIS, Juno 26.— Tbe Cabinet Minis
ters presented themselves to the cham
ber this afternoon. The Chamber of
Deputies was thronged and there was
great animation at the opening of the
SA!N FRANCISCO. TUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1899.
THE SECOND
C OU RT-MARTIAL
OF DREYFUS
KENNES, June 26.— The
stcord trial of Captain Alfrad
Dreyfus by couit-martial on
the charge of communicating
documents connected with ths
national defense to the agonts
of a foreign power, ■will take
place in the army service
building here.
M. MLithieu Dreyfus, broth
er of the famous prisoner, has
arrived here.
session when it became known that two
hostile groups, the Socialist-RaoMcala
and the Democratic Left, had decide i
to vote in favor of the Government, and
that M. Paul de Cassaignac had with
drawn his interpellation.
Identical statements were read in |
the Chamber r>f Deputies by the Pre- '
mier, M. Waldeck-Rousseau, and in the i
Senate by the Minister of .Justice, M.
Munis. They were as follows:
"The Chamber of Deputies, in ex
pressing itself resolved not to support
any government but one determined to
defend energetically republican institu
tions and assure public order, has j
clearly defined the task imposed upon ,
the new Cabinet. The Ministry has no
other ambition than to accomplish it. ;
In order to bring about the pacifica
tion of the country and to maintain :
intact our common inheritance, it
s • mcd to us that existing delusions
should be effaced and that the work
we are about to undertake required the i
co-operatipn of all Republicans. When
the aim is definite, though varying ac
cording to the methods of different
schools, accord becomes easier and con
troversies are lost in the presence of.
one duty to\ perform. To end the agl- \
tatlons pursued under disguises easy to
penetrate, against the regime which
iias been sanctioned and will be upheld
by universal suffrage and to require
from all the services, loyal assistance
and courageous assumption of respon
sibility BU( h is necessarily the first ;
dutj of the, Government. It is resolved
to have all judicial decisions respected,
and if the first wish of the country is !
to listen to the voice of justice it will ]
maintain silence and respect while its
decisions are prepared.
"In the front rank of the important
interests of the country, bound up with
the conservation of the dignity of the;
nation, we place the interests of the
army, which the Republic- has con- !
structed on a stronger and wider basis,
and which is synonymous with the
Republic's security and is the pride of
France. We think, with the army's most
Illustrious and surest guides, that in- |
violable attachment to discipline is the
first and essential guarantee of the I
army's own greatness. We intend to
defend it with the same energy against
the attacks and solicitations which
constitute the moat undeserved of in
sults. •
"We desire, above all, that appease
ment may be accomplished, and it will ;
come quickly if every one will give up
being a law unto himself and bow to
the law of the land.
"To accomplish the work which has !
devolved upon us, we have need of the
co-operation of Parliament and its j
whole confidence. We ask the widest i
mandate. We take the fullest responsi
bility. We ask for a truce of the ir
ritating discussions, hurtful to the In
terests of the country, and that you will i
vote without delay a law necessary to •
the good working of the public ;
services. If our efforts are not sterile,
disunion among Republicans will van
ish and the Republic will soon resume
the path of economic and social
progress."
M. Waldeck-Rousseau accepted a«
order of the day, moved by M. Jules
Perillier, Radical Socialist, reading as
follows: '"The Chamber approving the |
declarations and acts of the Gov
ernment passes to the order of the
day."
Ernest Roche, Socialist, interpellated
the Government regarding the policy
and composition of the Ministry. He
declared It was a government of war,
and violently attacked the Minister of
War, General Marquis de Galifet.
Other speakers followed in a similar
I vein, and the orders of the day were
' moved, only two of them approving the I
1 ministerial statement.
: M. Waldeck-Rousseau replied to the;
i various interpellations, explaining the
I motives animating the formation of a
I Cabinet of somewhat divergent views,
i one of the main objects being to reunite '
■ all ■'Republican.!'. He added that the
j Ministers had already assumed some
I responsibilty. but he thought the back- !
ing of the Chamber was necessary for 1
I further steps and asked what Ministry
could for a moment tolerate acts seem- |
, ing to create the belief that the army
desired to constitute !{« clothe .1y : ar'» of!
its policy. • He*, further - expressed -the! '
hope that it would not be necessary to j
I take more severe measures and said he
thought ii easy to demonstrate whence j
came the attacks upon the courts.
Explaining the inclusion of the rpti
eral. Marquis de Galifet. in the Cabinet
as Minister of War, he said it was be- |
cause the general had so spontaneously j
supported the constitution, and it was j
, thought the necessary punishment of
certain military men could be some
! what relaxed if emanating from such a
trusted authority as General 'de Galifet.
In conclusion the Premier said: "Our 1
task is heavy. Whatever course the j
: Chamber may pursue, I have done all j
my duty."
The speech of V. Waldeck-Rousseau
was much interrupted. The noise at
! times was deafening and several mem
bers were called to order. At the open- |
ing of the session the extreme Leftists
shouted: "Viva la Comm>*.7)e," and th
I Socialists frequently Interrupted the
proceedings, but M. Waldeek-Rous
seau's statement was much applauded
< by the Leftists and Centrists.
The Senate by a vote of IST to 25 ap
proved the declaration of the Govern
i ment.
INSULTING EPITHETS
HURLED AT GALLIFET
The New Minister of War a Target
for Attack, but He Remains
Unmoved.
Special Cabl* to The Call and the New York
Herald. righted, 1899, by .Tamps Gor
don Hennett. '
PARTS. June V,. By a majority of
tWenty-six the Waldeck-Rousseau Min
istry won its first battle to-day. The
issue seemed doubtful more than once
during the afternoon's sitting. It was
made very plain that a great many
Deputies there had no particular affec
tion for the new Cabinet. They even
said so, and in very unmistakable lan
guage.
Gentlemen who went Into the
tribunes and others- who remained upon
the floor of the house were never at a
loss for disagreeable things to say to
Waldeck-Rousseau with regard to the
"Eiffel syndicate, and found plenty of
material for reaching M. de I-anessan
about Cabinet affairs, but when every
thing else failed, there was always
some insulting epithet that could be
hurled at General de Gallifet. It was
a curious sight to see that handsome
soldier fronting a more bitter enemy
and a more withering fire of outrage
than he ever faced. on the battlefield.
He was the point of attack of the op
position and the center of observation
for everybody.
The new Minister of War might have
been cast in bronze for all the emo
tion he showed when the most hideous
insults ("assassin" was the mildest)
were pouring down upon him like rain
in a tropical storm. Not a muscle of
his face moved. He sat motionless, with
crossed legs and folded arms listening
attentively, as though his adversaries
were paying him compliments.
The only sign of feeling h**- exhibited
was a little impatient drumming of his
sunburned fingers upon the lid of his
desk during M. Mirman's speech, but
General Gallifet quickly repressed even
this little sign of life, and from one end
of the session to the other he gave a
superb example of self-restraint under
outrage. To army chiefs who have
chafed under rather outspoken criti
cisms and comments on the part of the
press General de Gallifet was indeed
a man of moment. As M. Mirman put
it, "the people in their simpie common
sense had already christened the Gov
ernment a Gallifet Ministry." and the
Minister of War certainly served as a
Turk's head f/>r the opposition.
Will Beach Brest on Friday.
NEW YORK. June 26.— A Journal
cable from Paris says: According to
the Eclalre, the French cruiser Sfax,
with Captain Alfred Dreyfus on board,
is not expected at Brest until Friday.
IMPORTED
MEN BEING
THREATENED
Sinclair Says He Will Im
prison All Who Refuse to
Sign Infamous Permits.
REFUSE TO WORK
Prisoners at Waroner Vote Not to
Give Bail to Secure Their Re
lease From the Eull Pen.
Special IMspntrh to The rail.
The men who went from Mi r
soun to \aks the phc.s of sink
ing m , er ; in ih? Casur d Alene;,
as the claim under a misappre
hen(io: are finding their rights
respected by the mi it ry author -
ties nc more than were those of
the me;: they were t) displace.
Some of the Miss unans, it is
now sad, having refused to go
into ihe mines when the situation
was made clear to them, ore now
themze yes threatened with con
finement m ths Bull Pen if they
do not go to work.
The authorities have brought
matters to a strange pass First
the members of the union are
thrown into the Bull fen be
cause of iheir desire to work, and
now the imported miners are
threatened with like fa c because
they will n t work. The law of
the bayonet ihou/d a/so be con
sistent
WALLACE. Idaho, June 26.— The |
Missouri miners who refused
to Pign the permits are now
beir.g threatened with the bull
pen. TVie men «ren brought
to Burke under a heavy guard.
Xo one was allowed to approach the
train or speak to the men. As soon as
they reached Burke the Missourians
began to make inquiries regarding the
situation, with the result that less than
half cif the original number are now at j
work.
One of the men who returned to Wai- j
lacA to-day says that on his refusal to i
sign a permit he was approached by i
Sinclair, who- said: "Look here. I'm
not going to do any foolins with you.
Now, sign that permit or take the con
sequences."
The man signed it and left Burke last
night, walking to Wallace. He claims
he was induced to leave Missouri by a
telegram purporting to be signed by the j
Mayor of Wallace, stating that there
were no miners here, the union men
having all left the country.
The day in court was consumed in
the argument of a demurrer to the com
plaint against the County Commission
ers. The regular meeting of the board
must be held under the law on the
second Monday in July. Unless the
State authorities succeed in ousting the
Commissioners and getting in a new
board, which would be appointed by the
Governor before that time, they will
have no funds with which to carry on
operations.
The general situation has not altered
during the past twenty-four hours, and
interest Is centered on the effort to re
move the Commissioners and Sheriff.
Should the prosecution be unsuccessful
in this they would receive a severe set
back, for without the credit of the
county they would be seriously
hampered.
The defense asked for time to pre
pare a further affidavit showing cause
why Sheriff Angus Sutherland should
not be appointed ellsor. Judge Stewart
said he thought the defense had mad"
the case, but they argued that they had
no suspicion that Sutherland's appoint
ment was contemplated. The Judge
further said that charges of prejudice
must be specific or tne defendant could
allege prejudice against men as fast
as they could be named, "but I under
stand that the ellsor is appointed by
the court — not by the defendant."
Finally the matter went over until
morning, the defense being allowed to
produce affidavits from parties other
than defendants. After a long argu
ment, the motion to quash the citation
was overruled.
The defense then offered a motion to
quash the Information which met the
same fate. Then they filed a demurrer,
argument on which occupied nearly
the whole afternoon, judgment being
reserved until to-morrow. The real
contention of the defense was that the
action was criminal rather than civil
and that the action was not properly
brought, but the court overruled that
point.
The prisoners at Wardner to-day
voted on the question of giving bail,
deciding by a vote of 371 to 4 not to
give bail. ________ ______ ___
BURIED UNDER FLOWERS.
Ensign John A. Monaghan's Body
Lies in State at Spokane.
SPOKANE, June 28.— The body of En
sign John A. Monaghan arrived in the
city this morning and is now lying In
state at the City Hall. As soon as the
casket was placed on its resting place it
was covered with flowers, which were do
nated in such quantities as to not only
cover the box containing the body, but
almost fill the entire space inclosed by the
columns of the catafalque. The body will
lie in state until to-morrow mornlnj,
when it will be taken to the Gonzaja
church, where the burial service will be
held.
EXTRA SESSION WILL
BE CALLED BY GAGE
Proclamation May Be Issued Within
' Sixty Days,
Railroad Agents Are Canvassing the State to Sound the
Legislators on the Caucus Scheme —D. H.
Burns Outlines the Programme.
GOVERNOR GAGE will rail an J
extra session of the Legisla
ture. Gage, Herrin, Burns and
their followers may deny this
assertion, hut the Governor j
will issue the proclamation
when Burns signifies that everything is
in readiness for the event. The Call
knows whereof it speaks wh°n it as
serts that Gage will call the special
session. As Genera! Barnes is out 0*
the race for the Senatorshlp and U. P.
Grant Jr. signifies a disposition to re
tire from public life, the followers of
Burns believe that the Mexican can
win out.
Agents of Burns and Herrin are can
vassing the State to sound the feeling
of legislators on the topic of an extra
session. Ten days ago The Call re
ceived authentic intelligence regarding
the route and inquiries of one of the
canvassers. This particular one was
formerly connected with this journal.
When his engagement with the paper
closed, the railroad managers supplied
him with free passes and sent him out
to ascertain how many Republican As
semblymen and Senators would agree
to enter a party caucus, in the event
of an extra session. Several members
of the Legislature, whose sympathies |
are with The Call in its battle to up- |
hold the honor and dignity of the State,
supposed that the man was still con- ,
nected with this paper, and therefore j
gave him their unreserved confidence
In speaking of the Senatorial situation ,
and extrf. session prospers. When
the facts were reported to railroad
headquarters, the agent was specially
commended for his sagacity and enter- ;
prise in obtaining for Herrin and Burns
andiGage certain information intended
for The Call.
Bum* has finally decided that Gage
shall call the extra session this year.
At first the Governor made some show
of resisting the decree of the Mexican.
but the resistance wrs slight. At orre
time Gage eam'e out openly with a
precise statement that he would not
call the members of the legislature to
gether in special session, but his mind
has undergone a change since he made
that declaration. He will issue the
proclamation, probably within sixty
days' time. To some extent the time
will be governed by the degree of
progress made by the Mexican in cor
ralling members of the Legislature.
Burns is so sure of^his ability to master
Gage that he speaks of the session as
if the whole programme had been ac
cepted and ratified.
Last Sunday, Burns, at the close nf
a conference on the subject of State
patronage, said to one of the men at
tending the conference:
"Governor Gage will call an extra
session <>f the Legislature within sixty
days. This has been positively decided
upon. The United States Senate is not
going to seat Matt Quny on the
Governor's appointment. It is all bosh
to suppose that the Senate is going to
reverse itself. A commission by execu
tive appointment would leave me out
of the reckoning. The only thing to do
is to call an extra session. Gage and I
have decided that this theory of allow
ing the newspapers to beat us out will
not go. The papers may crow now, but
we will show them who will do the
crowing at the finish.
"Tn canvassing: the legislators, we j
have not tried to pet them to agree to
vote for me," remarked Burns, but
continuing the Mexican paid: "We
merely asked them to agrer to go into ;
caucus. The United States Senate j
meets early In December, and T want
thirty days for preparation before I go
to Washington. When the extra ses
sion is railed, the Governor will hold
the Senate and Assembly at Sacra- j
mento until they caucus and send mo j
to Washington. He will keep them
there until Christmas if necessary."
Burns 1b further reported as saying
that the Governor would announce in
the call for an extra session that the
main purpose of convening the Legis
lature was the election of a United
States Senator. On this particular
point Burns will probably change
Gage's mind after Dibble has been
heard from. As Judge Dibble is an
expert in convening and adjourning
extra sessions, it is not likely that
Burns and Gage will permit his genius
In this special field to he wasted. There
may be many Legislatures and a band
of Senators, but there is only one Dib
ble. The call for the session may speci
fy the election of a Senator or it may
set forth that legislation to perfect the
work of the Code Commission is
amended.
Herrin. Gage, Burns and th<= Mexican
push generally are deluded if they im
agine that the canvass of the State to
promote an extra session was concealed !
from the press. The Call knew the day j
and hour that Dr. Maggard was inter
viewed by the railroad agent who rep- j
resented himself as a correspondent at- I
tached to a news syndicate. Incidents
of the agent's journey from town to
i town were known in this office. It was
known that Senators Bulla and Cutler
! and Assemblymen Lardner and Raub
S -were sounded, and that Assemblyman
La Baree was invited to talk through
the telephone. It is known further
! that the main office of the news syndi
cate is in the yellow building. It is
known that the agent made it a rule
to talk with Grant's supporters and get
their views on the caucus scheme.
Burns is boasting on the quiet that
sixty-one members of the Legislature,
have promised to enter the caucus, but
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
he says that he will not direct Gape to
ißsue the proclamation until a greater
number Is enrolled, aa he wants a wide
margin to cover the falling down o£
weak men.
Xo one can quite comprehend why
Burns entertains the notion that he
must have thirty days to prepare to pro
to "Washington. Previous departure
from the State has been made by the
colonel with much less time for prep
aration. Surely thirty days' time is
not required to prepare a speech. Xo
bond is required from a United States
Senator, so it is hard to explain why
the colonel wants thirty days for prep
aration.
The statement made by Burn? that
Gage will call an extra session is not
the only Indication that the {session
will he called. A State Senator who
became somewhat indignant recently
because he did not get desired recogni
tion in the distribution of water-front
patronage wrote that an extra 'session
was impending and that one of the sub
jects to be considered would probably
be the reorganization of the Harbor
Commission.
Trie attitude of TT. S. Grant's friends
is not to the liking of the Mexican.
Rumors come from the south that
Grant may yield to the persuasive im
portunity of his admiring supporters
and re-enter the race. Burns is now
boasting that sixty-one Republican
legislators have agreed to go into
caucus. It is amusing to observe that
Herrin. after the experience of last
winter, is not willing to take the Mexi
can's judgment as to the caucus agree
ment. The railroad politicians were bo
badly fooled at the regular session
that they advised Huntington in New
York that Burns could not be defeated.
Their confidence was .so great and their
predictions so positive that Collis P.
Huntingdon, as wily and wary as he is,
was deceived. Herrin is making his
rrv?n v ca^vsras'th'ts time. "His agents 8 ■■
their instructions and their transporta
tion from railroad headquarters and
make their returns to the railroad
office. Huntingdon is an exacting
master. He wants to know in black
and white just how each member of the
Legislature stands on the proposition
of going into caucus on the Senatorship.
It is Herrin's duty to give him the
straight tip, hence the canvass of the
-State under .railroad management.
T'nder the new arrangement Governor
Gage is practically relieved of all work.
Dibble will doubtless draw up tho
proclamation and* submit it tn Horrin.
The law department will then probably
rail in some lawyer to look it over
carefully, and if the document is all
right it will be handed to Burns. Wh^n
Burns gets it he will take it tn Sacra
mento ar.d tell Gage to sign it. Then
the vaults of the treasury will open to
the raiders.
DESERTED BY KIN AS
SHE NEARS THE GRAVE
Bending Under the Weight of Years,
Mrs. Emily Meller Enters a
Poorhouse.
SACRAMENTO, June 26. — pitiful spec
tacle was presented here this afternoon
when Mrs. Emily Meller. SO years of age,
with form bent anrl hair whitened, was
taken over the rough road to the County
Hospital, there tq- pass the sunset hours
of her life. Back of the Incident is. a
story that is calculated to intensify sym
pathy for her plight.
According to her story she has been
shamefully neglected by her own children,
who are well-to-do, and had it not been,
for a generous woman friend in this city
she would have starved to death. She Is
the widow of George Meller. a contractor,
who laid the mile or. more of stone walk
around the State Capitol. Several weeks
ago she called at the home of Mrs. George
Davidson, formerly the wife of Chief of
Police Dillman. deceased, and Informed
her that her relatives had deserted her
and that she was-penniless and without a
place to sleep. Mrs. Davidson generously
took her in. and the aped woman has
spent weeks in bed under her roof. It ap
pears that she has a son in the person of
John Cox, a farmer on the riverside road,
this county, and she says that he con
tributed the sum of $4 a month to her sup
port This princely contribution, accord
ing to her statement, was augmented by
$3 a month from her son-in-law. E. B.
Thome, a capitalist at 1473 Twenty-third
avenue East Oakland. But this munifi
cence suddenly ceased, says the aged,
woman, and she has been absolutely de
pendent upon charity.
• Mrs ' Meller declares her son once told
her that he cared no more for her than if
she were a stone in the street. A little
granddaughter supports her in this charge
against her son. She also declares that
after she had lost possession of her prop
erty Thorne told her she would never
want for another cent In this world.
While the aged woman was lying ill at
Mrs Davidson's house Mrs. Davidson
wrote to the. Thornes advising them of
Mrs. Meller's distress and suggesting'that
they come to Sacramento to see her.
Thome wrote back that his wife was not
feeling well, adding that should her moth
er die to send them word.
"I think they will be good and kind to
me at the hospital." said the SO-year-old
woman as she took leave of her grand
daughter and prepared herself for the
journey to the county poorhouse, where
she expects" to die.
McKENZIE TO BE TRIED.
Walters' Alleged Accomplice Will Be
Charged With Murder.
RT'TST'N. June 2fi.— Ex-Sheriff George S.
MrKenzie will have to stand trial for al
leped complicity in the murder of Alfred.
Cook in Napa County. T'nder the com
mon law McKenmle & an alleged acces
sory before the fact, hut under the laws
' of the State the oharge against him will
be the same as that against the principal,
-iz murder in the first decree. The trial
was set for September 2»>.
On motion, the information acainst Jes
! se Walters, who succumbed yesterday to
i the effects of a surgical operation, was to
j day dismissed.2
UNEQUAL FREIGHT
RATES ON FRUITS
New Schedule Declared
Unjust.
PAJARO VALLEY'S PROTEST
MEMORIAL TO BE SENT TO THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Weight of a Box of Bellefleur Apples
Overestimated, Thereby De
creasing the Profits of
the Grower.
♦
["he
W'ATSONVILLE, June 26.- The apple
raiders and shipper? <>t this valley are
seriously affected by the new freight
rate just put into effect on that e1...-- or"
fruit. Last year : 1., shipments to point.)
east of California amounted to over "■■ '
carloads, and with the rapid Increase In
bearing young orchards the annual ship
ments will increase yearly for some time
to come. The two varieties shipped al
most exclusively to Eastern points are
yellow Belleneurs and X' tOW Pippins,
of the shipments made last year. :;00
carloads were Bell* urs. and they found
their market at points west of the Mis
souri River, while the New t->\\ i ) went to
Europe.
The new freight schedule estimates th
weight of a box of apples (.the box in-in^
i'^xllxCi inches) at uiiy potunls. ami ;nr
rate per box. in carload lots, to an East
ern point is 50 cents from San Jose, in
addition to a local rate of 2^ cents per
box from Watsonville to Ban Jose. lie
estimate of this weight per box Is np
proximately correct tor Newtown 1 *i;•
--pins. tut is \l> per cent above the actual
weight of a box of Yellow BellefleursJ and
it increases th>- freight 15 per cent on thi.i
variety of apples, or about 7 cents per
box.
The Bellcfleur is not hauled on an aver
age of one-half the distance the New
towns are; it weighs less per box than
they do. and yet its freight tariff is th 3
?ame per package as that of the- heavier
•and "longer-haul" fruit.
This valley will have over 400 carloads
of Yellow Bellefleurs this fall for East
ern shipment. The Eastern apple crop la
heavy and will compete with our l!e!le
fleurs in the Western markets. The ooiist
cannot take more than a small fraction
of the Bellefleurs, and they will haw to
seek an Eastern market or remain un
sold. The price of this variety has a\er
aged from 65 to 70 cents per box f. o. b.
in San Jose. The additional freight cost
under the new schedule will cut th,- f. o.
b: price at least the amount nf the freieiit
increase, and it ma exceed It. Cio«>*
competition, together with the non-keep
ing quality of this apple, has always kept
profits close, and the additional freight
rate (estimated in the aggregate this year
at about $1<3.000> will practically remov >
them.
The orchardists and shippers have ',■pa
red a memorial to the Southern Kaclfic
Company elaborating on the facts set
forth here and will present it to tn«*
proper officers of the company. Th^v
also request that the old freight rate on
apples, based on actual weight, he re
stored, and that the company place track
scales at Watsonvilh depot. The peti
tion is being signed by every orcnardist
and shipper In Pajar Valley.
VIGIL OF ARMED BODIES
OF MEN IN GEORGIA
•Prospect of a Clash Between Whites
and Negroes Over an Assail
ant's Arrest.
BIRMINGHAM Ala,. June 26.— Two
armed bodies of men are holding deier
;• < 'ardiff, In this countj .
tA-night. One I posed of white
ty, and the other
groes Early this morning it was
reported that John Shepard, the -
who .assaulted Mrs. Monroi J
Corona last Wednesday, had been seen in
that vicinity. Officers were Immediately
■a. The news spile
■ le negroes began arming then
The> ■ Brookside two miles
from Cardiff, until there were fully 200.0f
them.
-■.id that their only pur
• vent violence to Shepard
This morning two trains from this city
with • . iiry went
The negroes were dispersed, bui the as
sailant was not cantured. To-night the
ff of Walker County has joined the
posse from her.- and the search is being
eomir, .
Dr. Taggert Injured.
STOCKTON. June 26.— Dr. Taggert, the
superintending physician ai the County
lured in a runaway acci
dent last >\. ::nm. The doctor was re-
Bpital from this city with
two young men. His horse shied and ran
away. All three men were thrown out,
but Dr. Taggert was the only one Injured.
If. Buffered a broken rib and a numb
painful bruises.
To Contest His Father's Will.
FRESNO, June :>;.— Frank P. Wicker
sriam. at one time a prominent politician,
who was cut off by his father, I. 1;. Wlck
ersham, the Petaluma millionaire, with h
legacy of only $5, paid to-night he Intended
to contest the will, and expressed confl-
In his ability to break it. He de-
B that his father was under the un
due influence of his son. Fred A. Wicker
sham.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/I~\ According' to the novels
•,2LfI of Richardson and his con-
_^KJ^. temporaries, in the olden
/m* r™i^\ a y s meu used to admire
ffcic}r*£k Ah \ women who screamed
sp^'^~ >^ A 1 upon the least provoca-
(^jftuW DM 3 t;ou an(^ fainted on all
1 opportunities. Rich-
k (-^^^Jard son's heroines were
/j\ I ££N. always toppling out
li \^fr&Jn~Y ]?^ their chairs, fall-
■ ■ Us v Jll ? np m a "d ea d faint"
Si Hr\ /I in their lovers' arms,
w< fit \ i having their -stays
a j Bg, \ 7 cut and their hands
,*, ■/ b^Jt slapped, their ter-
n II 1 tcp 'pies bathed and
sill If.' H^F their noses smelling-
%l!V II salted.
<•£>! " Both the women and the
men have changed radically since
those days. The modern man does not
admire the fainting woman, neither does he
marry her. If by chance he does, he is
only a man, and lives to regret it. There is
no reason why any woman should be a faint-
ing woman. General bodily weakness and
nervousness in women are due to weakness
or disease of the delicate, special organs of
the sex. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
is a scientific and unfailing remedy for all
disorders of this description. It imparts
health and strength to the sensitive and
susceptible organs upon which a woman's
general health is largely dependent. It
quiets and tones up the nerves, restores the
vigor of youth, rounds out the emaciated
form, imparts the glow of health to the
complexion and transforms weak, sickly,
nervous invalids into new, healthy, happy
women. It fits for wife hood and mother-
hood.
"Words fail to describe my suffering before
using Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription," writes
Mrs. Sallie Key. of Tampjco, Granger Co., Tenu.
"I had inflammation, irritation and profuse
flowing and was very nervous and suffered terri-
blyat all times. My feet and limbs were cold. I
had palpitation of the heart, and my back was
so weak that I could not turn myself in bed
The thought of food sickened me. My kidneys
were very badly affected. I had been down six
months. I could not sleep night or day and had
given up all hope. My husband got me some
of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. I took it
for five mouths and at the end of that time could
walk a mile and do all my own housework. I
am sure I would be in my grave if it had not
. been for the ' Favorite Prescription.' "
• Send to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. V.,
for a free copy of the " People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser." For paper-cover-
ed copy enclose 21 one-cent stamps to cover
mailing' only. bound, 31 stamps.
MAJOR ANDERSON
DONS THE ERMINE
SACRAMENTO. June 26.— The Board
of Supervisors this afternoon elected
Major w. A. Anderson City Justice
of the Peace to succeed the late
Justice George G. Davis. There were
several candidates for the place, which
pays a substantial salary, but Major An
derson's choice was unanimous.
Citizens generally, without repard to
politics approve of the election of Major
Anderson and he wafi overwhelmed with
i tulatlons to-nipht.
The newly elected Justice is one of the
youngest ploneera In th-- Stat>-. having
arrived h California in 1849 when only 3
years of agi He settled in Folsom, this
county, but soon removed to Sacramento,
wher< he studied law under Georffe Cad
walader a distiniruished jurist of hi* time.
When but 21 years of age Anderson was
d County Auditor, holding the posi
tion a number of years. Tn those days
ineration came In the shape of fees,
and Anderson's earnings aggregated a
heavy sum monthly. He ha<l a taste for
literature and the drama, and in both
fields actively encaged himself at inter
vals. Edwin Bo. uli. John MrfullouKh and
other actors of renown were frequent
is to Sacramento In those days, and
they \\. r. willing guests at Major Ander
siin'? hospitable table. The major is full
of reminiscences of the ''good old days"
i f the stag< In California, and lie has
wrlften some very clever pap<-!s on the'
M11.i." Ct.
lie was appointed City Attorney in l«7fi.
sen '1 with distinction during four
ssive terms. For four years he wis
Fourth Brigade, National
Guard of California, as assistant adjutant
IN A WILDERNESS
EIGHTEEN MONTHS
— ♦ —
Hardships Suffered by
Prospectors
— « — _
REACH DAWSON AT LAST
♦ -
TWO OF THEIR NUMBER LOST IN
PEEL RIVER.
Experiences of a Party That Started
in December, 1897, Over the
Edmonton Trail for the
Klondike.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
DAWSON CITY. June g (via Seattle,
.i , ne 2*>.— r>r. J. R. Connolly of Chicago,
R Wltdher of Brooklyn. N. V. ; David
Hopkins'. D. M. Dalgleish, U. P. Meem of
Ottawa: M A. McLean,. J. Orchid, J. B
Ruff of Chicago and A. E. Harris of
Michigan have arrived here after a long
and hard trip over the Edmonton route.
They ;■ ft Edmonton on December 15, 1897,
Two "i" the party— John Beauret and T. G.
■ : were drowned In Peel River last
summer.
The party sledded across from Edmon
ton over the Swan Mountains, a distance
of W0 miles, to Peace Riv< r. where they
boats and il • ated down to Great
, a k( • hen down th« M ickenzie to
McPherson Roping their boats up Peel
River a distance oi 200 miles, they pros
until December, when they started
• r pass in the Rocky Mountains at the
waters of Stewart River. They were
:!,. !:t he going \2a miles,
SEATTLE, June 26 harles P. Osborne
San Francisco, who' arrived here to-day
Dawson, claims to have found rich
placer ground on the head waters of the
McMillan River. Tie says it Is a terrible
. to go Into. With his partner.
Smithsoii of Los Angeles, he traveled up
the river 400 miles. He i leaned up nearly
. they were compelled to come
out foi provisions.
While in there they met a party of
six who left Edmonton over a year ago
and wintered on the Peel River. Their
clothes were In rags and they were al
most skeletons. Three of their party had
died. The leader of the party, a man
named Jackson from New Jersey, s&ld
they had been held up by Indians and
robbed of a good part of their outfits.
From that time they lived on dog flesh
and . I moose they were fortun
ate enough to shoot.
The steamer Cottage <'ity, which ar
rived from Alaska to-day, reports that
the Edward H. Harriman scientific party
left Sitka on June 21 for the Aleutian
islands. It will stop at the different
points of interest en route a.ne- may run
through Bering Sea as far as St. Mich
ael. To Miss Mary Harriman f.-U the
honor of having killed the first de^r.
Senator Fairbanks and party arrived at
Sitka. en route to Lynn Canal, on June
20. The party -was given a reception at
Sitka by the "citizens and government of
ficials.
The revenue cutters Perry and Corwln
have arrived at Sitka.
That Uncle Sam's postal system in the
interior of Alaska is beginning to bear
fruit is shown by the arrival of seventeen
pouches of letter mail on the Cottage .
City. Pome of the Dawson mail bore
date as late as June 16. and the St. Mich
ael mail March 4. That of other far
northern points was of relative date.
VENTILATOR CAR SERVICE.
Proposition Said to Have Been Made
to Wells-Fargo.
NEWCASTLE. June 2'"..— A rumor ;r. in
circulation that a proposition has been
made by the fruit growers to Wells,
Fargo & Co. to put on a ventilator
car fervice for fruit shipments to Chi
cago. St. Paul, Denver, Helena, N*>w
Y'>rk and Boston, the cars to be attached
to passenger trains through to destina
tion. It is claimed that by the use of
ventilated fruit cars and the difference
of time made by the passenger train serv
ice, fruit will arrive at its destination in
us good shape, if not in better shapy,
than by the present system of refrlgern
tion. The charges on carload lots will
l.c brought down very- close to the pres
ent refrigerator charges, and possibly us
low.
The growers believe that, owing to
many instances during the season of di
verting cars caused uv sudden changes in
prices arid overstocking the markets
considerable expense can be saved. The
cars would reach their destination almost
before any sudden changes could cau«e
great harm. Furthermore, there wouM
be bui little chance of overstocking the
markets, as shipments could be better
regulated.
Severn prominent growers have ex
presssed the opinion that ventilators have
be< n used heretofore by slow freight and
it would, certainly he a success now by
express. If the proposition meets the ap"
provaJ of the express company it will
be to the growers' advantage. All ex
press a hope that the express company
will take a decisive action and that the
proposition will be carried through.
MAIMED BY A MANIAC.
A Castella Constable's Arm Almost '
Torn From Its Socket.
REDDING. June 28.— Constable H. F
Williams of Castella had his right arm
, nearly pulled out of its socket on Sunday
i by a violently insane man at Kennet The '
j insane man claims his name is Henry 1
| Strutman. He was taken in custody a"t ■
i Castella. While at Kennet awaiting a !
train for this city he became violent Con '
I stable Williams grappled with him and
Ms right arm was almost torn out
Strutman made an awful struggle and it
tnok six men to place him under control '
i He was brought to Redding handcuffed '
I and shackled. At his examination here
I he refused \o talk.
On the Way to Pago Pago.
Sprcial Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1539, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, June 26.— The American
transport Abarenda arrived yesterday on
her way to Pago Pago, Samoa.
Algeria is the only country In the world
where the horses outnumber the human
beings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JITNE 27, 1899.
general. He was appointed Supervisor of
the Census In IS9O and in 1893 was elected
in represent the old Twentieth District In
the Legislature. For thirty years he has
been a pronounced Republican.
FRUIT-GROWERS'
PUNS OUTLINED
—
State Association Issues
an Address.
APPEALS FOR CO-OPERATioN
— • —
MONEY _ WILL BE SAVED TO .
THE SHIPPERS.
Directors Will Proceed to Incorporate
When Three Hundred Thousand
Dollars Shall Have Been
Subscribed.
Special Dispatch to The (Tall.
SACRAMENTO. June 26.— The fol
lowing address was . issued to-day by
the Fruit Qrowers' Association of «'ali
t'nrnia :
To the Deciduous Fruit Growers *f
ornia: We, tht> hoard of directors
of the Fruit Growers' Association of Cal
ifornia, elected at a meeting of the Fruit
Growers of California, held at thp city
of Sacramento on June IT. IV#, respect
fully submit for your consideration the
following:
First— We think ii advisable to estab
lish the principal place of business of t.i-'
asEociation ;it the city of Sacrament". < n
. . ; of its centra] location.
Second \v. recommend local fruit
growers' organization's In each locality
where any considerable quantity of fruit
is grown and shipped, such local organ
ization tci be auxiliary i<< aad work in
harm br>y with tn<- State organization.
Third— We believe one of the great
sources of evil in this whole fruit ship
ping business is the truit from the <iif
rerent parts of the State coming into
competition, and to obviate this difficulty
in tn> future we recommend thai all de
ciduous fruit be distributed by the man
ager '>f the State association ai Sacra
mento. I'nder the present systen of
telegraph and telephone communication,
ail Shipping points in tm- State can be in
constant communication with Sacramento
and the shipping destinations can be
quickly sent to any locality where ship
ments aiv made. In this way the glut
in the Eastern markets can be obviated,
because the office in Sacramen'o will
know where every car has gone m] con
sequently an over-supply will not be s-ent
to any locality.
We propose to have our own agents in
the East to see that the fruit is properly
disposed of and to furnish cars for the
transportation of the same, charging for
refrigeration service only sufficient to
cover the actual cost, which cost we
guarantee shall he at least a reduction
of from •/• to 70 per cent of present rates.
We believe a plan of this kind will
solve the fruit problem and permit what
profits there may lie in fruit growing to
go into the pockets of the growers instead
of into those of the commission men.
Let every fruit-growing locality in the
State organize and take 'stock in the
State organization, and as soon as the
total amount of stock so subscribed shall
amount to the sum of $300,000 the board
of directors will proceed to incorporate,
elect officers and be ready to transact
business; hut in no event shall the time
for receiving said subscription sum of
$300,000 be- extended beyond the luth day
of January, Uh».
Boycott on Techau Tavern.
The following circular has been issued
by the Musicians" Mutual Protective
Union of San Francisco to the various
trade and labor organizations of the city:
On account of the employment of "scab"
musicians, the San Francisco Labor Council
after exhausting all efforts to have union men
employed, have placed an official boycott on
the Techau Tavern, a "resort" recently opened
on Mason street, near Eddy.
Mr. Teehau. the proprietor (who antagonized
several ether unions in the fitting up of his
building), positively refuses to employ union
men. It Is our desire to make this boycott
effective and prosecute it vigorously, ahd you
are therefore earnestly requested to take such
action and pa^s and publish such resolutions
as you see fit tn show Mr. Techau that or
ganized labor Is entitled to recognition. It is
FUggested that a fine placed against any mem
ber patronizing the Techau Tavern would have
an excellent effect, and we would ask that such
action be taken.
A SUSPECTED BURGLAR.
Arrested by Detective Wren in a
Mason Street I/Odging-House.
"Jim" Halliker was arrested last night
by Detective Wren, locked up and placed
on the small book. He is suspected of
having been an accomplice in the burglar
izing of a lodging house on Geary and
Mason streets last Sunday night. The
party accused of the robbery is an ex
convict named Reynolds, who" travels un
<\vr tho alias of "Butts." Halliker, who
is a pal of Reynolds, called at the scene
of the crime last night and was caught by
the detective, who was in hiding. The po
lice expect to capture Reynolds to-day.
Hallikrr admits that the ex-convict com
mitted the robbery, hut says he was not
implicated.
A Work of Art.
One of the prettiest pieces of inlaid
work ever exhibited in this city is to be
sten in the State Board of Trade in the
ferry building. It is a large table made
of native woods by Julius Starky, who is
known a? the Yosemite \ alley artist
There are in all thirty-six different kinds
of California woods In the table and in
color they vary from white to a dark
green It has taken over a year to make
the table, but the gathering and seasoning
of the material has consumed over ten
years. The table will be here until next
year, when Its owner will exhibit it at the
World's Exposition in Paris.
Brought Out the Demon.
Peter Fitzgerald, a laborer 27 years old,
died at the City and County Hospital yes
terday of delirium tremens, superinduced
in a strange manner. He fell off the last
step of the stairs of his residence, 547
Perry street, last Friday and fractured
his left leg. He had been drinking heavily
and the shock to his nervous system
brought on delirium tremens. He was un
married.
DEMOCRATS IN
A FIERCE FARCE
Hot Times in Kentucky
Convention.
EIGHT HOURS OF UPROAR
DELEGATES PREVENT ANY BUSI
NESS BEING TRANSACTED.
Two Ballots Taken on the Nomination
for Governor, and Goebel Still
Holds His Own Against
the Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., June 26.— A con
tinuous performance of farce lasting
eight hours, a rare vocal entertainment
with soloists and a chorus of several
hundred voices, declamations and tin
horn tests of lung power, made up the
in'gramme of the sixth day's session
lof the Democratic State Convention,
and it narrowly escaped winding up in
| an exhibition of pugilism and gun fight -
I ing. From 10 o'clock until 6 to-day
Central Music Hall contained without
douht the most uproarious and disor
derly hody of men that ever gathered
for the transaction of political or other
business.
Angered by what they considered an
arbitrary ruling of the chairman in re
fusing to allow an appeal from his de
cision declaring out of order a motion
to remove policemen from the hall, over
half the delegates set about with all the
energy they could command to prevent
by sheer force of lung power the
: trnnsaction of any further business un
' till they secured a vote on the appeal.
This plan was successfully carried out
; until nearly 6 o'clock this evening,
when, principally because of utter phy
sical exhaustion, the filibusters allowed
. themselves to be outwitted, and the
' : vote on nomination for Governor, which
the chair had ordered early in the
' morning and had tried repeatedly to
proceed with, was concluded by having
the county chairmen, or as many as
would, come to the stage and^yell their
! votes at the clerk, who, at a distance
i of a few inches, was able to catch the
figures.
The teeth of recalcitrants having
, been pried open, the bitter dose slowly
trickled down and before they fairly
I renli2ed they were beaten, a second bai
loi was reached, this tipne with ltss
tribulation. These two ballots, both
fruitless. represent the day's work
: -of the convention. After they were
completed all were glad enough to ad
journ until 10 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing.
Behind this noisy entertainment three
c.-indidatos for Governor worked like
beavers. To-day it was clearly Goebel
against the field and the P.enton Coun
ty leader, cold and nerveless as ever,
has successfully defied his two oppo
nents to combine and beat him. They
may do it yet. but so far they have
: .shewn themselves woefully lacking in
ability to throw their vote in any one
direction or keep it silent when it seein
•■<] beet to their managers that no vote
he cast Goebel controls the organiza
tion of ih'' convention and through it
the State Central Committee, and they
probably will attack him here too, if
they can get together. To-day's events
will tend to bring them closer, but at
■in the fight is as open and as
fierce ;■? it has been at any time.
The first ballot of the day resulted as
follows: Goebel. 352 M-; Stc.-ne, 261 V 2 ;
Hardln, 67. The last ballot, the thir
teenth, resulted: Goebel, 320^; Stone,
275: Hardin S:».
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Colonel Evan Miles of the First In-
fantry Ordered Before a Re
• tiring Board.
WASHINGTON, June. 26.— J. J. Gal
lagher was to-day appointed Postmaster
at Davisville, Yolo County, vice M. E.
Bullard. removed.
Army orders: Under Instructions from
the President the following army retiring
board has been appointed by the acting
Secretary of War to meet at San Fran
cisco at the earliest date practicable after
July 1 for the examination of such officers
as may be ordered before it: Major. Gen
eral William R. Shatter, United States
volunteers; Colonel Alfred Mordecai, ord
nance department United States army;
Colonel William H. Forward, assistant
surgeon general United States army;
Lieutenant Colonel John B. Babcock, as
sistant adjutant general United States
army.; Major Robert J. Gibson, surgeon.
United States army; Captain David J.
Rumbough, Third United States Artillery,
rtcorder. Under instructions from the
President, Colonel Evan Miles, First
United States Infantry, is directed by the
acting Secretary of War to report in per
son to General Shatter at San Francisco
at such time as he may designate for ex
amination by the board.
Private W. L. Parker, Company L,
Twentieth United States Infantry, Fort
Leavenworth. Kans., will be sent to t..e
Presidio of San Francisco. He will report
upon his arrival to the commanding of
ficer of that post, who will furnish him
transportation to Manila.
The following: transfers of enlisted men
are made: Hospital Steward Edward
Jones, Fort Meyer ."Virginia, to Fort Brady.
He will relieve Hospital Steward Samuel
H. Leopold, who will be sent to San
Francisco. Privates Warren Billman,
Battery N, Third United States Artillery,
Angel Island, Cal., and Patrick H. Mc-
Guire, general service, Presidio, are trans
ferred as second-class privates to the sig
nal corps. They will 1 be sent to the Phil
ippine Islands, and will report upon their
arrival to the commanding general, De
partment of the Pacific, for assignment to
duty. Private Oliver Moore, Troop G,
Ninth United States Cavalry, Fort
Apache, Arizona, is transferred to Com
pany B, Twenty-fifth United States In
fantry. He will be sent to the station of
that company at San Francisco, and will
report upon his arrival to the command
ing officer for duty.
Hospital Steward Ashford Twigg, Fort
Dougles, Utah, will be sent to the Presidio
of San Francisco. He. will report upon his
arrival to the commanding officer of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry for duty with the
hospital corps detachment of that regi
ment, which is to take station in the Phil
ippine Islands.
Telegraphic instructions directing the
discharge of first-class Private B. W. Liv
ingston, Signal Corps. United States army.
San Francisco, have been confirmed.
Pensions: Washington—Original—War
ren O. Douglass, Seattle, $6 r James A. C.
McCoy, Tacoma, $12; Daniel Doty, Latah,
$6. Increase— Fitch J. Hart, Port Angeles.
$tJ to $8. Original widows, etc.— Zeralda
N. McCoy. Taeoma, $8.
Original— William W. Trusdell
Kinton, $6.
California— Original— Young, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; William E.
Bryant. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $8.
Increase— William Hackett, . Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6 to $8. ' Original- wid
i ows, etc.— Kathrina Schussler, San Diego,
$8. __
San Miguel Shaken.
SAN" MIGUEL, June 28.— A quite severe
earthquake shock jarred this section last
evening, at about "6 o'clock, the vibrations
being from east to west.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 25.
Bohr Mary C, Madsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
SAILED.
Monday, June 26.
Stnir Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOW ENS LANDING — Arrived June 26— Schr
Mary Etta, hence June 2.T.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed June 26— Schr Nettle
Sundborg. for San Francisco.
USAL— Sailed June 26— Stmr Navarre, for
Hueneme.
OTIS SAYS ONLY
THIRTY THOUSAND
MEN ARE NEEDED
In His Report of Conditions in
the Philippines He Admits
Many of His Troops
Are Sick,
♦ MANILA.June 26.— The United
+ States transport Sherman has
>■ Bailed for the island of Negros
■f with the Sixth Infantry, which
4 relieves the California regiment.
♦
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON. June 26.— Secretary Algf-r
received a dispatch from Gen
eral Otis to-day reiterating his
statement that sn.nof) effective
men will be sufficient to enable him to
control the Philippines situation. This
dispatch was not made public, hut will
be laid before the President when Tie re
turns to Washington to-morrow.
The message from Otis was in response,
I understand, to a cablegram sent from
Washington yesterday' asking again if he
was in need of additional troops. As a re
sult of his statement there is a disposi
tion not to raise volunteers, although, as
the officials with whom I talked said,
this was a matter which the President
alone can now decide, and his decision
will be announced after his return.
In view of Otis' report that 12 per cent
nf his men are ill. it was stated at the
War Department that it was to provide
General Otis with a fighting force of 30.
--000 men at all times that additional regu
lars hflve been sent to Manila. The de
partment was advised to-day of the sail
ing of the transport Sheridan from San
Francisco with more than 1700 men and a
number of officers.
In military circles there is still hope
that the President, notwithstanding Ots'
statement that 30.000 m*-n are all he
i:> > j i!s. will authorize the raising of volun
teers. Expert strategists declare that for
the moral effect the call would produce,
if for nothing else. th*> President ouelit
to authorize the organization of at least
ten regiments.
General Otis, in a reply to a cable from
the War Department asking for informa
tion regarding the situation and condi
tions in the Philippines, to-day cabled a
long reply as follows:
MANILA. .June 26.— Adjutant General. Wash
ington: in the rainy season little inland
campaigning ie possible in Luzon. We occupy
a large portion of the Tagolog country, our
lines stretching from Imus on the south, to
San Fernando on the north, nearly sixty
miles, and to the eastward Into Laguna prov
ince. The insurgent armies have suffered great
losses and are scattered. The only large
force is held together, about 4000, in Tarlac
province and Northern Pampanga. Their
scattered forces are in bands of 50 to 500 in
other portions of Luzon. In Cavlte and Ba
tangas provinces they could, assemble possibly
2000, though demoralized from recent defeat.
The mass of the people arc terrorized by the
Insurgent soldiers and desire peace and Ameri
can protection. They no longer flee on the
approach of our troops unless forced by the
insurgents, but gladly welcome them. There
has been no recent burning of towns. The
population within our lines is becoming dense
and land cultivation is taken up extensively.
The people are kept out of Manila as much as
possible, as the city population is becoming
too great to be cared for. The natives of
Southeast Luzon are combining to. drive out
the insurgents, The only hope of the insurgent
leaders is United States aid. They proclaim
the near overthrow of the present administra
tion, to be followed by their independence and
recognition by the United States.- This Is the
influence which enables them to hold out;
much contention prevails among them, and no
civil government remains. Trad" with ports
not in" our possession, a former source of in
surgent revenue, are now Interdicted. I am
not certain of the wisdom of this policy as the
people In those parts are without a supply of
food and merchants are suffering losses. I
meditate restoring trade privileges, although
the Insurgents might reap the benefits. The
courts here are in successful operation under
the direction of able Filipinos.
Affairs in the other Islands are comparatively
quiet, awaiting results in Luzon. All are
anxious for trade, and repeated calls for
American troops are received. I am giving
attention to the Jolo archipelago and the Pala
wan Islands. The American troops have
worked to the limit of endurance. Volunteer
organizations have been palled In and replaced
by regulars, who now occupy the salient po
sitions. The Nebraska, Pennsylvania and
Utah regiments are. now taking transports, and
the Sixth Infantry has been sent to Negros
to relieve the California. These troops are in
good physical condition.
Sickness among the troops has Increased late
ly, due mostly to the arduous service and
climatic Influences. There Is nothing alarm
ing. Of the 12 per cent of the command re
ported sick, nearly 6 per cent is in the gen
eral hospital, of whom 3 per cent have typhoid
and 17 per cent malarial fevers; 12 per cert
have Intestinal trouble, the remaining 55 per
cent have various ailments, 14 per cent of
which are due to wound injuries. Many of
ficers and men who . served in^ Cuba break
down under the recurrence of the* Cuban fever,
SAYS THE BABY
WAS MURDERED
THROUGH SPITE
Proving a Motive in
Mrs. Adams' Case.
For many weary hours yesterday Wilson
Gray occupied the stand In Judge Law
lor's court as a witness against Mrs. Min
nie Adams, the mother of his illegitimate
son, who is on trial for the murder of
her infant, alleged to have been caused
by administering a dose of carbolic acid.
The accused sat through the day without
manifesting the least anxiety, but at times
a little impatience. If she is guilty of the
crime she. is of a peculiar composition and
worthy of the study of the most famous
All day long the prosecution endeavored
to prove a motive for the crime, the alle
fation belnff that little John Gray, the
cad baby, was the Innocent victim of the
mother's spite against the father. At
length the prosecution delved into Gray's
statement that the accused had threat
ened to leave the bottle of carbolic acid
within the dead child's reach, and had
even gone so far as to threaten to place
it in its tiny hands that it might drink
and satisfy the mother's craving for re
venge upon the father, who was devoted
to his child.
When the witness was finally turned
over to "W. E. Mack, who represents the
defendant, he found himself on the grill
in earnest. Mack started in by drawing
the record of the testimony given by Gray
before the Coroner at the time of the In
quest to prove that many of the State
ments of Gray during the trial were in
consistent with those made during the
proceedings before the Coruner's jury. All
he proved by following this line was that
at the Coroner's inquest Gray testified
that Mrs. Adams had found the baby car
rying around the bottle of carbolic acid
and that she had taken It from him, but
would never do so again if he chanced to
find it, while at the present trial he had
added that she threatened to place it in
his hands that he might drink it and sat
isfy his babyish curiosity.
It was next attempted on the part of
the defeniant's counsel to prove that
Gray was largely responsible for his mis
tress' animosity toward him by his ill
treatment of her and through his habit of
stealing money of her at opportune times.
Gray denied that he ever took any money
from the defendant, and the persistency
of Mack in following up this allegation led
and the regular regiments lately received are
inadequately officered. uns.
GUNBOAT ALBAY
THREATENS TO BOMBARD
MANILA, June 26.— The Bantayan cor
respondent of the Noticiero writes that
thp gunboat Albay appeared off Banta
yan June 8. and her commander told the
authorities of the town that unless they
declared allegiance to the I'nited States
and raised the American flap: after fifteen
days he would bombard the town. The
Albay then sailed, after announcing that
she would return. The town when the dis
patch was forwarded was panic-stricken
and it was thought the authorities would I
probably comply with the demand of the
commander of the punboat.
Senor Luis Marinas, the first Spanish
Consul General at the Philippine Islands, |
has arrived here from Singapore on board
the Isle de Luzon.
Great Interest is taken in the result of
the first step, which is now being taken
here in the 'direction of self-government
The ' Supreme Cour* B sitting daily and
the American and Filipino Judges .ire
holding consultations through an inter- :
preter. A unanimous vote is required for |
a decision. , . 
Major General Otis has persuaded Ma
lor Young of the Utah Battery to remain
on the court for a time after the battery
departs. Three native Justices are ab
sent Ambrosio Rianzares. Justice of the
criminal branch of the court, happened
to he at Tnrlac. then the seat of the In
surgent Government, when the appoint
mehts were announced and he was arrest
ed and sentenced to banishment for life.
Hie present whereabouts Is unknown.
Pedro Lorento, Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court, Is in Obu. where he has |
great influence, and is working to popular- i
ize American rule, with good results j
The native Judges will now begin to hold
criminal courts. ha\-ing jurisdiction over
all aftenses, except those committed by i
soldiers or against military authority.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, June 26.— The War
Department has received the following
death report from General Otis:
MANILA June 26.— Ad.intant General.
Washington: Death report ?incf> last
weekly report: From wounds in action-
June 17. David Silver. Company M. First
Montana Infantry; June I*. Miles Doyle,
corporal Company L. Twelfth Infantry:
June 10 Sherman t. Sh<=-pard. Company H,
First Washington; De Forest Hutehinson.
Company B Ninth Infantry; Leonard Ed
ling Company E, -Twenty-first Infantry:
June 20 Herbert Mifflin. Company B,
Fourth Infantry: June 22. George Bilt?,
artificer Company D. Fourth Infantry.
drowned; David R. Johnson. Company I.
Thirteenth Infantry, erysipelas; June IS,
Richard F. Havens. Company H. Nine
teenth Infantry, heat exhaustion; June
1!> Max Newgrass. Company E, Fourth
Infantry phthisis: .luiu- 20, Edward Flor
entine Eighth Artillery, dysentery. June
22 Frank E. King. Company G. Ninth
Infantry: June 24. William A. Pilgrim.
Thirteenth Minnesota, variola; June 22, i
Earl R. Cotton, Company H, Ninth In
fantry. OTIS.
TERRIBLE EXPLOSIVE
SHELLS FOR PHILIPPINES ;
NEW YORK. June 26.— Tests of a shell ;
of terrific explosive power and wide raj
dius, whifih is to be used in the fall cam- i
paign in the Philippines, are now being |
made at the Sandy Hook proving ground*. ;
This new engine of destruction is said
to prodin-e a shock as effective as a stroke
Of lightning, and its capacity to annihilate
by bursting fragments is so great that it j
has not yet been accurately estimated, i
The chances of escape from this tremend- j
ous machine will be decreased XVi tim<-s.
experts say. as compared with schrapnel i
discharged' at the same objects.
General Miles favors this explosive, and
his opinion is indorsed by other military :
experts. Military men say the English !
shortened their Omdurman campaign by |
the use of terrible effective shells of this i
kind. The execution of the shells was
frightful. Dervish columns were deci
mated, not only by flying fragments, but '
numberless Dervishers were found mi
touched by the shell, but killed by the j
shock as if by a stroke of lightning. .
ARMY TRANSPORTS
ARRIVE AT MANILA
MANILA, June 27, 10:10 a. m.— The
United States transports Grant and Hook
er have arrived here.
to quite a heated debate between himself
and counsel for the prosecution. Gray was
still on the 6tand when the case went over
till this morning.
NEW BLACKMAILING SCHEME
A Woman of the Tenderloin Imports j
It From New York, but Judge •
Conlan Exposes It.
Harry Baxter, assistant engineer at I
the Spring Valley Water Wocks, Sunol. 1
was the victim of a new blackmailing- !
scheme, but through the careful investi
gation of Judge Conlan yesterday he es
caped, and the record of the woman in
the case will be looked into by the police
Baxter was arrested Sunday night by
Policeman Caples on complaint of Myrtle
Powers, 502 Bush street, on the charge
of stealing $17 50 from a powder box in
her room. The evidence shewed that the
woman accosted Baxter as he passed the i
door of the house and took him to her
room. He gave her money to get some
beer, and after she returned she accused
him of stealing $17 50 from . her powder i
box. He denied it. and she called in the
officer and had him arrested.
Baxter proved to the Judge that he
came to the city with over $90 and ex
plained how he had spent the evening
prior to meeting the woman. The Judgf
questioned the woman, and she said that
Bhe went to L.os Angeles a few weeks I
ago from New York and came on to this I
"I think this !. is a J new blackmailing
scheme." said the Judge, "Imported by
this woman from New York. I believe
the story of the defendant and the charge
against him is dismissed. I shall ask the
police to investigate the record of this
woman and keep a watchful evte on her." '
The woman had been charged with vag- '
n^l y Af^ > er case was called before the ;
f™ ♦£ f Baxter and the Judge, not know- '
Ing the facts, dismissed it at the request |
of Prosecuting Attorney Low
JUDGES WITHHOLD ACTION.
Members of the Superior Bench De
cide Not to Interfere in the
County Clerk's Dilemma.
No action was taken by the Superior
Judges at their meeting- yesterday in re
gard to the appointment of clerks for
the various departments of the court. A
communication from County Clerk Deane
directing their attention to the recent de
cision of the Supreme Court in which the
law was construed to materially reduce
the staff of his office was read. Mr.
Deane invited the Judges to decide in
what department the clerks authorized
by law should sit and take upon them
selves the responsibility of appointing
clerks for the remaining departments.
After the reading of the letter the
Judges decided not to take any action in
the matter until it comes to a crisis It
is expected that the appellate court will
grant a rehearing shortly. Auditor Wells
has signified his willingness not to refuse
warrants until the remittitur is handed
down by the Supreme Court.
Judge Daingerfleld will start on his va
cation to-day. During his absence Juris*
Bahrs. who is expected home Friday will
aot as presiding Judge. In the Interim
the duties of the position will fall to
Judge Henbard.
WOOL DEALERS MEET.
Question of Making an Exhibit at
the Philadelphia Exposition
Considered.
The California Wool Association held a
| meeting yesterday morning at 422 Towns
end street for the purpose of coneii
the question of making an exhibit at the
National Export Exposition to bt- held at
j Philadelphia during the comini:
[ Charles H. Abbott, presldeni of -
sociation. called the meeting to ord
stated its purpose. J. M. Sta
Philadelphia, who is here in thi
of the exposition, explained tta<
benefits thai would accrue- to the C
nia wool trade by reason of havii .
exhibit at the exposition. He 'li
the subject thoroughly ami upon
tion of H. E. Tyron. President A
appointed a committee to investigati i ■■
matt.-r and see what could b( ■
ward having an exhibit of woo! .- ■
exposition, composed of E. H.
James E. Bell and F, P. McLennan. Th ■■
["committee whs Instructed to repo
i to the association.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
x ~ -_~~~
SIOK HEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy ior Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
. Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
i \ J!liiiiN£^ No KNIFE ° r pain
«bh^klJ Any lump in a
PBB»f| woman's breast is
JaKri v "^"s3ao^^ cancer: they ai-
j^^^BWHl^y^%| ways poison the
W Q Jit V M glands in armp
x&dSr<S When ihe cancer
•c armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I tiav2 Cured
! S. R. CHAMLEY, M D., 25 Third St., S. F.
| SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
♦o<fco3>o<S>o<S>o<S>o«>o<S>o<S>o<S>o'3>o3'o<s>o<»'
S VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! 1 1
; ♦ GS A Natural Mineral "Water q
O Izil with medicinal qualities, 6
J 0 /BL or Indigestion and °
o 4f^k Stomach Disorders. 6
1 JSm So called VICHY |
° j[fflßßg IN SIPHONS g
Jp&MVICHYf
<?> fe^^^lrS et the Genuine %
tTX^sm -jvi. la BrvßfTa o
I M 3l 9 ZSI&iB I I k »>-t &
\ O A. VIGNIER. Distributing Agent o
♦04>0<S>0*0<^0<$>0<S-o<£o<S>o<S>o<»o<S>o<S>o*
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S great 2
OF ANATOMY^
: § Ck 1051 basest ST. tet. 6±t:-.z. s.r.Cii. i
X >^i The Largest Anatomical Museum intlie \
A ~^B_^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V oy~ ° ;Sfase P"*"!'"^ 1 ?' currd hy throlcieit V
olg 31 Specialist on the Coast. Est-sSyeirv #
A Qfft*h OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES Q
\ iMRI C'or^uliation free and strirtly private \
6 I Wl Trwiment personally or by letter. A A
\fl W Till 1 " Cureia every ca>e undertaken. T •
Ar I lift Write for Book. PniLOSUI'UY of i
V ' I I 1! H4IIRIAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
A- tl 11' valuable book for men) J
j V I>K: JURDAXACO.,IOSI Market St.. S. F. T
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO SOT DESPAIR ! Dc nor suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambit of
life can be restored to you. Tie very
worstcasesof »rvoim Debility are
absolutely cured by I*> ItFKtTO
TAKLtTS. Give promptrelief to in-
somnia, falllntr memory a:ni tlie "asj"
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of fs\r.\ jeais.
Impart and potency t.-;.--'-«ryran(>
| tion. Brace up the system. uive , /OK tl * n ' JJi ld
i cheeks and lustre to the eyes ot /--f|V ■•"*■"; ol "-
One 50c box renews vital enercryPiUfi hoses "
•2.50 a complete guaranteed cure UHJ " ' '•' •» t -> '?■
funded. Can be carried In vest v *»»; I -" t ( . t . j f,°, ,
everywhere, or mailed in plain *r aw .,T, ' ' , L,' _' i?L
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two .tore*). Grant Drug Co.. m
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
000000000000000000
>* PALACE *•"?%
* GRAND HOTELS
X SAM FRANCISCO. Q
° Connected by a covered pasaejreway. «
O 1400 Room— -900 « i t» Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE TES PRICES: O
O European PlanUT.OO per day and upward O
American Plan. #«.OO P« r day And upward _
O A '" Solicited. O
! 0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATEICK. Manager. O
qoooo ooooooo^oo op
FASCINATING '***
COMPLEXIONS
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted vBa^ £r
complexion so much desired can \_S*-^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURif'S Facial
Eoap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for brightening the. color. ■ (rlrina
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying ana
preserving the complexion.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
; FOR THE
PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections is now &pen at the
office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City
Hall. McAllister-street entrance. Registration
for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
be held on August 8, 1599) WILL CEASE JULY
12, 1899, and for the Municipal Election (to be
held on November 7. 1899) will continue to and
Including October 12, 1899. wh. all registra-
tion will cease. All qualified electors who
were registered at the last General Election,
or who have registered since hat time. AND
WHO WILL HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION SV
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said"r
elections without other or additional registra- .
tion. ALL OTHER PERSON-; claiming to be
. entitled to , vote at any of th« aforesaid elec-
tion? must be registered upon the Register of
the City and County as ar. elector of and
within the election precinct v herein he claims
to be emitted to vote. Office open from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m. ."
By order of the Board of Election Commit.
eionera.
J.'STEPPACHER,' Registrar or Voter* vCUP CHALLENGER
SAFELY LAUNCHED
SHAMROCK
> GLIDES INTO
?.-•■ THE THAMES
English Admire the Yacht
They Expect to Win the
International Trophy.
ONLY ONE ACCIDENT
Heavy Tugboat Collides With the
•j ' Craft Soon After It Reaches
the Water.
'Special Cabl* to Th« Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON. June 26.— The Shamrock,
the yacht which many expect to
bring the America's cup back to
England, was launched this after
noon from Yarrow's yard at Black
wall. The launch was a most suc
cessful one. The only incident which
. marred the event was the denting of the
forward port bow by an officious tug,
, which, after the challenger was resting
In the water, clumsily ran too near in an
attempt to cast a line for towing pur
j>6s<js".
' .:■ So eager was the desire to be on the
, fepot when the yacht went oft the ways
that some enthusiasts spent the entire
• nig Tit in boats in front of the shed. About
r.;l o-'clock Sir Thomas Upton's guests, who
"" included Admiral of the. Fleet Karl of
Olanwilliam, Countess Clanwilliam, Lord ■
Charles Berecford, the Hon. C. Russell,
• the Marquis of Dufferin and Ava, com
modore of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club;
Sir. George and Lady Faudel Phillips,
Right Hon. Herbert Gladstone, Hon. W.
' Syspjish and William Gibson, M, P., began
to arrive.
• Abput 3 o'clock the christening party
moil] the steps to the stand which had
been erected under the bow. Workmen
i were busy removing the last remnant of
the 'scaffolding-, and soon quiet took the
place of bustle. Then was heard the
merry ring of the hammers upon the
hardwood wedges. It was at exactly 3:33
! o'clock that the faint echo of a cheer,
three times given, was heard from the
tipper depths of the shed in which the
yacht lay veiled.
The eager crowd which had been watt-
Ing- so patiently and so long under the
broiling sun at once accepted that cheer
as ' a token that the christening, which
4 vas performed by Lady Russell, and that
m he toasting of success to the new boat
■ were over, and took up the cheer in right
ihearty fashion, which was doubled In
volume as the yacht was seen to start
moving down. She glided gently at first,
, fining speed but ■ ever rushing. Sitting
' t-asily and gracefully on her cradle, with
'« crowd of anxious workmen leaning over
her stern, th« Shamrock slid down the
ways:
It had been said that the lines of the
yacht would be concealed from view by
a' curtain till she was fully immersed, but
that was not so. As she slid from the
ehed In which she had been hiding during
the period of building it was seen t&at
only the stern was enshrouded to hide her
from prying eyes and 'from cameras 'ill
she got into the water, and her graceful
I' linos and beautiful shape were revealed.
.It was truly a ■: gnii ent picture, 'me
only' paint which showed was a broad
emerald reen band round the upper por
tion of tho hull, with a narrow molded
cord of gold. Then right down to the
keel the bare metal polished as smooth as
a mirror shone In the sun like brightly
burnished gold.
Now the spectators could not but be
Etruck by the trutn of what the expert,
•who had bet-n privileged to see the yacht
before, had said that never before has
tuch a beautiful, such a perfectly modeled
pfcimen of a racer been launched in any
of three kingdoms, and that if the Sham
rock does not wrest the much-coveted
cup from Its holders across the waters,
then this country need never try again. In
tthe opinion of an expert with whom 1
talked tho Shamrock revealed herself as
a mixture of British and American de-
Figns. Aft she is Herreshoff, forward she
Is Fife. In her aft <>art she is a Vigilant
over again, and in her bow she is purely
of Fife design.
A few seconds after she emerg?'! from
her shed the Shamrock struck the water,
yet gently and without a splash. So
quickly aird so smoothly did she glide on
to the bosom of the Thames that ihe
boats packed bo closely around hardly
felt any swaying from the wave's
caused by the displacement of the water.
The excitement was terrific, and many
of the workmen in their boats, their coats
decked with emerald ribbons, joined in a
chorus song about "The Dear Little
Shamrock of Ould Ireland" in pure cock
ney accent.
Then there were shouts as a small boat
in some unaccountable manner got over
turned and the Thames police dashed to
the rescue of two men struggling in the
■water. Bui that was nothing to the »x
--citement which was created when, as the
Shamrock swung round, the tugboat Kx
celsioi was seen with full steam on, bear
ing straight down upon the yacht to
catch a tow rope. The tug was trying to
turn, but would she clear the Shamrock
In time to save her from disaster? There
were ■ shouts— yells, ratner— horror.
"Back her— back her," frantically cried
hundreds of voices.
The Excelsion was turning her nose
away at the same time, but it was too
lute to avoid a collision. The shouts
ceased, and people sat tightly in their
boats holding their breams. Was t..e
Shamrock to be smashed at her very
k birth? Then the pent up emotion found
vent again in another chorus of heart
rending yells of mingled rage, dismay and
despair. "The heavy tug Wai on the Sham
rock. She struck her full on the port
bow but not with a crash or crac*., as
would have occurred in a collision with
an ordinary built vessel. It was rather
a dull .sou fid and as the tug backed off
and tin; yacht recoiled from the blow It
. was seen that there was no hole, no
■ break but simply a nasty dent left in
". the plate, revealing the fact that it was
•of soft, yet strong metal.
It was a pathetic picture to see the
workmen aboard the yacht, who had
taken such pride in the building of the
"beautiful boat, shouting and wringing
their hands and running aft, shielding
. their eyes to shut out from sight the
■disaster which to their frenzied minds
• for a time seemed so serious. What a
relief It was- to find that the damage was
npt serious and nothing but some ham
mering and polishing was needed to
remedy it. It was surely an exciting but
successful launch.
Lady Russell of Killoween in christen
ing the yacht Bald: "God. bless you. Good
luck to you. May you bring back the
cup! The great talent and skill of our
. cousins across the seas are fully realized,
and if Dame Fortune should decide
ngainPt us we will be the first to con
gratulate them on being possessors of the
better boat, and therefore entitled to all
the credit of their victory. But I would
fain hope that the coveted trophy would
be brought back this time and find a
resting place with the old folks at home."
When the Shamrock was launched her
entire crew and a large number of work
men were on board. The canvas screens
covered only about twelve feet of her bow
• nnd stern. The three top plates, which
>are made of alloy, were painted pea green.
4 i low that she was a brilliant bronze, re
enabling gold. The wetted surface was
cut away to the last inch.
The mystery in regard to her dimensions
were continued. No official figures were
obtainable, but a man who worked on her
says her length over all Is 125 feet, her
water line being S5 feet, beam 25 feet and
draft 18 feet 6 inches.
• Borne little difficulty was experienced in
'. entering the Indian dock, but ultimately
SATISFIED WITH
THE COLUMBIA
New Cup Deferjder Accepted by
Iselin Without a Further
Builder's Trial.
The New Cup Defender Columbia Under Sail.
gRISTOL, R. 1., June 26. — After a conference among the owners of
the new cup defender Columbia, Colonel Oliver Iselin, the man
aging owner, notified the Herreshoff Company this afternoon that
the yacht would be accepted without a further builder's trial. The
owners expressed themselves more than wuisfu-d with the per
formance of the yacht in yesterday's trial. The formal transfer was
made this afternoon to Mr. Iselin as managing owner of the Morgan-
Iselin syndicate.
The remarkable performance of the Columbia in Narragansett Bay last
Sunday, when she "walked" away from the Defender, almost insures the
retention of the America's cup in this country for another year at le;ust.^The
picture above, representing the yacht under sail, was drawn by W. A. Coul
ter, The Call's marine artist. The sails were drawn from the sailmaker's
draught, a copy of which was received by The Call yesterday, and are neces
sarily correct. This, with an accurate drawing of the hull and spars, made
from a photograph, gives an excellent idea of the flier ad she a pp<
going down the bay from Newport The rig is unique in some respects, and
it Is believed the arrangement of the jibs will prove a great success. Above
the jib proper is jib topsail No. 1; then comes jib topsail No. 2, and above
that ls the baby jib topsail.
| the Shamrock was safely berthed In the
r basin, where her spars are lying.
Thomas l-iipton, who was In inch
spirits, was asked a question regarding
the prospects of the yacht, and he said:
"We have engaged to win back the Amer
i. a's cup. We have fairly extended our
selves and it we are beaten all I >an say
is. honor to th* yacht which Is better than
the Shamro.-k."
William Fife Jr.. designer of the Sham
rock, remarked: "Brains and all that care
i ful thought and knowledge of naval archl
•■ ture can put Into the yacht is there.
Every man of us is satisfied that with a
fair field we shall give a tight race to any
opponent. The Shamrock goes around to
Southampton to-morrow or Wednesday
for just those little arrangements that a
racing experience gives, and then for the
Journey which we hope will herald the
Admiral Beresford said: "I consider the
hull of the Shamrock to be a remarkable
triumph of construction. She is built on
original lines. In the water she is ■ |
Ftriklng as out of it. In my opinion her
underwater construction is unique. Her
apparent great beam is necessary to sat
isfy the tremendous Bea of canvas. It is
impossible to forecast the prospects. Tak«
the case of the Meteor, which Is
era ft, yet she is racing with great suc
cess. The Shamrock's designer and build
l er have proceeded on the soundest lines
! for lightness and speed, and if she ls not
I the swiftest afloat I shall be surprised.
Hut we must recollect that the Americans
know a good craft, and we can depend
that their Invention will run us hard."
SUPERBAS LOSE THREE
OUT OF THE FOUR
Orphans Win the Concluding Game
by Good Work With the
Bat.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
dabs— W. 1,. Pet. Clubs— TV. 1,. Pet.
Brooklyn ..An 15 .750 New York.... 31 .453
Boston 33 20 .655 Cincinnati ..27 30 .475
Philadelphia 33 21, .623 Plttsburg ...25 31 .448
Chicago 36 24 .600 Louisville ...SI 39 .350
St. Louis 34 26 .667 Washington 18 43 .295
JJaltlmore ..32 23 .S6l Cleveland ...10 45 .182
LOUISVILLE, June 26.— 8y -winning to-day's
game Louisville took the series from Washing
ton. Padden's fielding and Clarke's Bteal of
home ■while the pitcher held the ball were easily
the features. Padd<*n was removed from the
same In the seventh inning for continuous
kicking. Mercer taking his place. Attendance.
3'K>. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 6 10 4
Washington 3 13 1
Batteries — Woods and Powers; Dineen and
Butler. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
CHICAGO, June 26.— The Orphans by better
work took their third game from Brooklyn to
day. Dunn was put in in the seventh, ' but
could not stop the hitting, three singles and a
triple being made off him in quick succession.
Attendance, 3200. Score:
Clubs— It. H. E.
Chicago 0 11 3
Brooklyn 5 9 4
Batteries— and Donohue; Yeager,
Dunn and Parrell. Umpires— Emslle and Mc-
Donald.
PITTSBURG. June 26.— 1t was an even split.
Boston took the first game because Pittsburg
made costly errors and were slow on plays
that do not show In the score. Pittsburg won
the second because the visitors could not nit
Leever and because Klll?n's old comrades
found him easy. Attendance, 4200. Score:
First game— '
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburgr 10 17 4
Boston 12 15 4'
Batteries— Gardner and Bowerman;
Hlckman and Lewis. Umpires— O' Day and
MeGarr.
Second game —
Pittsburg 8 13 2
Boston 15 4
Batteries— Leever and Bchriver; Klllen and'
B«rgen. Umpires — O'Day and ICcOarr.
CLEVELAND, June 26.— wildness of
Bates lost the game for the horn* team. At
tendance, 100. Score:
, Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Cleveland 7 12 1
New York M a 4
Batteries— Bates and Schrecengost; Gettig
and Warner. Umpires— Smith and Andrews.
PT LOOTS, June 38.— T0-day's game with
Philadelphia was postponed on account of
rain.
SCHUETZEN CLUB FORMED.
Marksmen at Gilroy Hot Springs
Compete for Prizes.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS. June 26.—Or
ganization of the Gilroy Hot Springs
Schuetzen Club was effected to-day with
the following officers: J. B. Metzler, j
president; F. Wltzel, secretary; William j
THE SA"NT FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1899.
iJ. Wreden, treasurer; Jacob Ohlemutz.
schuetzenmeister; H. H. Wittenberg and
H. Robertson, trustees.
The club is an offßhoot of the Red Men's
Schuetzen Seetlon and the members have
organized to perfect their skill witl i c
In order to curry off the prises ; .-
Cered by the section.
The initial shoot this nftcrnnon resulted
in the following scores: Metzler, .77; Ohie
mutz. 62; Witzel, 'M: Wittenberg, 33, and
Wreden, 2S. The red flag was shot down
by B. wreden, who was ;>:■< sent* d with a
costly medal, suitably Inscribed. Mr.
Robertson made the presentation speech.
McKEEVER BESTS ZEIGLER.
Declared the Winner in the Seventh
Round of Their Go.
NEW YORK, June 2*..— Charlie McKee
ver defratrd Owen ZeipW in the seventh
round of what was to have be^n a twenty
round go at the Coney Island Athletic
Club to-night. Zeigler was knocked down j
tedly in the seventh rpund and his
seconds threw up the sponge. As a pre- '
liminary bout Fltzslmmons, who was gen
erously cheered when he was introduced
as middle-weight champion of the world, i
Bparred three friendly rounds with Dan!
Hlckey.
Match Game of Baseball.
MARYSVILLE, June 26.-The Native.
Sons of the Golden West commit
tee has decided to arrange for a match
pa me of baseball to be played on the
Marysville diamond on the afternoon of
July 4, between the Gridley and Yuba City
teams. In t lie evening the committee will
a dance at Hopkins Hall. The pro-
Of t.'.th events will rii to the fund
for the purchase of medals for the Cali
fornia Volunteers.
MEANS THE RETIREMENT
OF SECRETARY ALGER
It Is Predicted That the Head of the
War Department Will Join in
Attacking McKinley.
"WASHINGTON, .Tune 26.— Governor
; Pingree's bitter attack upon tho Prpsl
dent, following clobp upon his Senatorial
alliance with Secretary Abjjer, means, in
the opinion of public men horo, th^ cor
i tain rrtirenif-nt of the Secretary from the
Cabinet. The prt^jiction is made that Mr.
Arr will within a short time l»e attack
-1 int: President McKinley as bitterly as
Governor Pingree Is now fining.
"I stand by my own statements. I mii=t
decline to discuss newspaper reports of
vi< wa credited to Governor Pingree," was
Secrt tary Alger'a reply when shown Gov
ernor Ping Tee's Interview stating his po
sition with reference to President McKin
ley.
Although the Secretary announced pos-
I Itively in an Interview yesterday that ho
had no intention of leaving the Cabinet,
1 his Mends are apprehensive that he will
I lie forced to take such action as the result
j of his alliance with Michigan's Governor.
1 When President McKinley returns to
Washington the Secretary will, it Is pre-
Burned, have a frank talk with him re
gardlng the combination hi has made with
Mr. Pingree, and It is believed the ques
tion of his retention in the Cabinet will be
■ determined at that conference.
MOORE SENTENCED
TO FOLSOM FOR LIFE
NEVAT>A CITY, June 20.— In the Su
perior Court to-day, when E. H. Moore,
found guilty last week of murder in the
tirst degree, with the penalty fixed at life
Imprisonment, appeared for sentence At
torney Tyrrell moved for a new trial. In
support of the motion he filed the affi
davit of Robert Gates, the principal wit
ness for the prosecution, wherein Gates
says that on advice he intentionally failed
to state -while testifying that he heard
Policeman Kilroy say, just before the
killing, to Moore, who was threatening
to have the officer arrested the next day
for nourishing a pistol:
"I will see that you don't live till morn
ing, you —— thief."
Another affidavit was by Robert Hill
man, who during the trial heard two men
Bay, in the presence of Jurors O'Dell and
Davis, that Moore was not crazy and
ought to hang on general principles, as
he was a thief.
Judge Nilon denied the motion, and in
Bentendng Moore to Folsom for life said
the evidence would have fully Justified
hanging.
Election Ordinance Passed.
LOS ANGELES, June 26— TheClty Coun
cil to-day passed the ordinance of Inten
tion to call an election for the issuance of
$2,100,000 bonds for a municipal water
■yateip
THE FRENCH
ADVANCE IN
SOUTH CHINA
Burning of a Consulate Re
veals Scheme to Blcck
England's Plans.
RAILWAY TO TONKIN
Will Head Off Proposed British
Line From Burmah Into
Yunnan Province.
Sptdal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Oor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, June 26.— The Chinese
Custom-house and the French Con
sulate at Mengtingr. on the Yunnan
frontier, were plundered and burned on
June 22 by a band of armed Chinese.
The French Commissioner, M. Dou
mer, Customs Officers Shinney, Old
ham, Mailke, Miller and the French
Consul, M. de la Batle, escaped.
M. Doumer's visit to the Yunnan
frontier was in the Interests of the
French railway from Tonkin, which Is
to anticipate the British line from Bur
mah. M. Doumer returned to Hanoi
on June 21, passing through Mengtlng.
Marshall Sou, whose presence pre
vented black flag raids in French ter
ritory, passed through Hongkong last
week on his way to Peking, after con
sultation at the frontier town with M.
Doumer.
France's action should have an im
portant effect on the further partition
of Southern China-
TEACHERS TRAVELING
TOWARD LOS ANGELES
Hundreds Already En Route to At
tend the National Association's
Convention.
LOS ANGELES, June 26.— The teachers
of the nation have started for Los An
geles. Tickets for the National Educa
tional Association convention were put on
gale yesterday. Special parties are already
on the way, with nobody knows how many
small parties tilling the regular sleepers
of every West bound train. The Colo
rado delegation, in rive cars, left Denver
this morning and will arrive here on
Wednesday. The party is in charge of H. ;
S. Phillips, principal of the Denver Logan
School.
The general passenger department of
the Santa Fe has a list of special car par
ties that arc scheduled to come over that
line. It includes the following: From Chi
cago, one car, due June 29; Raymond-
Whitcomb Grand Canyon party from New
England, two cars, July 1; Kansas and
Oklahoma, eleven cars, July 7; Brooklyn
Eagle party, six cars, July 10; New York
State, six cars, July 11; Raymond-Whit
comb National Educational Association
No. 1, seven cars, July 11; Ohio party, July
11; Indiana and Kentucky, eleven cars,
July 11; Lincoln, two cars, July 10; Colo
rado, *jvc cars. June 2S; Philadelphia, four
cars July 11: New Jersey, four curs, July
11; Camden, N. .1., one car, .July 2; Kansas
City one car, July 11; Carbondale, S. C,
Normal, one car, July 7; St. Louis, one
car July 1; Galveston. two cars, June 30.
The Chicago and Great Northern and
the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul will
each haul one special tourist carload out
of St. Paul for four days, making eight
cars. Railroad officers say these special
i car parties give no indication of the total
i number coming, as small parties that will
travel by regular cars are not reported.
The Southern Pacific passenger depart
ment will make arrangements to obtain
reports of Incoming parties as they reach
Ogden Bakersfield and Yuma. to enable
committees and individuals to prepare for
their reception.
MARKET OPENED TO
CALIFORNIA TUBERS
Golden State Must Supply the Army
in the Philippines With
Potatoes.
T.OS ANGELES, June 21.— Commercial
circles are considerably flurried over the
prevailing condition in the potato market.
The crop of 'Southern California promises
to be larpo and is rapidly maturing. Tu
bers are of good growth and fine quality.
The Hurry arises from the extraordinary
demand that has developed for exporta
tion to the Philippines. The potato crop
in far Eastern American possessions ls
limited. As California and the Pacific
Coast States will be compelled to supply
the deficiency in the islands, an unusuai
export demand has developed.
The fe<-dinK of 35,000 American soldiers
In the Philippines is a matter of deep
concern to the commissary department.
It is understood that Woolz & Co. of San
Francisco will, as they did last year, ship
under Government contract hundreds of
tons of potatoes to Manila during 1599.
A number of orders for shipment to the
north have been canceled. Ten carloads
have been shipped from Los Angeles In
the past few days. "Woolf & Co. will for
ward a shipload of .potatoes to Manila
this week. The demand for potatoes also
extends to Portland, Or., owing to the
poor condition of the crop In that State.
The lateness of the season there, together
with recent rains, did more damage to
the potato crop than was expected.
COARSE ATTACK UPON
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
French Writer Opposes the Advanced
Views of the American .
Prelate.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. .
BRUSSELS, June 26.— The Revue Gen
eralc. a well-known Belgian magazine,
patronized by most of the leaders of the
j Catholic party, has consented to publish
| a violent onslaught on Archbishop Ire
i land by the French clerical writer, Rl
cault d"'Hericault. The writer finds Mon
signor Ireland much too advanced. He
says:
"The American Archbishop recently
came to France as a commercial traveler
of revolutionary ideas. The French Cath-
I olics were struck at hearing a foreigner
pretending to teach them how they were
to behave themselves, and at the real
scandal caused by this successor of the
apostles. We offer our congratulations to
i France upon having become a Free Ma
-1 sonic republic, which exiles some of Its
■ priests and sends others into the army,
I and closes convents. Many French pre
: lates looked upon Ireland as a savage.
He has been truly described as a bomb
! shell."
The article, couched in coarse language.
Is causing quite a scandal.
NEVADA'S RECOUNT.
CARSON CITY, June 26.— 1n the Gov
ernorship contest before the Supremo
Court Sadler practically finished his
count of Esmeralda County. The objec
tions to ballots of this county are even
eight to eight. Sadler gained one vote in
Pinegrove precinct, which was admitted
by both sides. McMillan's attorneys
amended their stipulation by asking the
court to allow the Introduction of evi
dence of Ormsby County and part of
Humboldt County. The court allowed
the stipulation. The afternoon session
was occupied with a recount of a portion
of Humboldt County, which proved of no
advantage to McMillan.
Upon finishing Ormsby and Humboldt
counties, the entire State will be counted.
The court will give its decision as soon
as the canvass of the vote ls completed —
probably by the end of the week.
MINERS PERISH IN
SIBERIAN WILDS
Twenty-Six CaliforQiaos Sue
cun)b to Privatior) and
Cold.
I NEVADA CITY, June 26.— Mrs. Norval Douglass of San Francisco
writes to friends here that she has received a letter eaying her son,
1 Harry Douglass, of this city, along with twenty-five other picked
miners from various counties of California, who left on June 2 of last year
1 for Siberia under the leadership of John T. McCall, who was a gTavel
, mining superintendent here, have perished from privation and cold.
In the party were two other miners from this city, besides McCall and
i Douglass, one of them being John Armstrong, and the other Thomas
Daniels. They all went under contract to a New York company, cx
i pectlng to be gone three years.
FOUND NO GOLD
AT SAN ROQUE
Washington Attorney's
Futile Journey.
SAYS HE WAS IMPOSED UPON
THREATENS TO SUE STEAMSHIP
COMPANIES.
H. G. Denman Declares the Reports
of Sierra Pintada Discoveries
Were Started by Owners
of Vessels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGEI.ES, June 26.— H. G. Den
man, an attorney of Washington, D. C,
who came to Los Angeles last December
for the benefit of his health, Joined the
throngs that were attracted to the Sierra
Pintada placers during th© recent excite
ment. Denman was among the first to go
to Lower California, and. declaring the
reported rich finds a fako, he is highly in
dignant ami threatens to bring suit
against steamship companies for fostering
what he alleges was an imposition upon
hundreds of honest but sincere men.
"In my opinion every transportation
company wnich in any way encouraged
the gigantic fake that led scores to go and
: seek their fortunes in the San Rogue
placer fields should be prosecuted," said
! Denman to-day. "I am not at all sure
! that 1 shall not return to this coast ;is
j soon as possible and bring suit for dam
ages against one of the companies at least
on my own account.
"While visions of a great fortune quick
ly and easily acquired undoubtedly floated
before my mental vision," continued Den-
I man. In telling of his experience, "I be
lieve my desire to go through the exciter
ment of a mining boom was my greatest
Incentive to make the Journey. I had read
bo much of the wild life of the early min
ing camps of Colorado and California 1
thought it would be a thrilling experience
to be part and parcel of the life of one of
the new camps In San Rogue. I made the
i ocean trip from San Diego on one of the
Bhipa that profited most by the excite
'■ ment and then w.-nt overland to the al
leged placer Melds on horseback. 1 paid
$1.) a day for the use of the horse. A hall
day In San Rogue district was sufficient
to "convince me 1 had been made tht; vic
tim of a gigantic fake. The steamer ac
! commodations were not of the best and
I the trip overland had been hot, dusty and
: disagreeable. . .. T
••] am not alone in my indignation. I
found many victims as thoroughly angry
as myself. Many of these were in a much
worse nx. The men had spent every cent
' to get to the camp and were almost pen-;
liil.ss. They had accepted the stones of
; a tremendously rich strike having been
made, and thought that all that was n.-c
--essary to acquire riches was to reach ban
Koque Many of these poor fellows were
working desperately in the almost bar
ren dirt when I left, in hope of grettinz
sufficient gold from the earth to pay then
passage home. But theirs was an almost
hopeless task, and in preference to un
dertaking such a Job, many of the men
who found themselves 'strapped among
the Impoverished placers started to tramp
back to civilization.
"In my opinion the ship owners ami
and transportation companies that were
benefited by the rush to San Roque--or
some of them, at least— took advantage
of the fact that a few Mexicans and In
dians were digging from four bits to a
dollar's worth of gold a day each out of
the placers, to spring a gigantic fake. I
think they are liable. A man would have
to take out at least $20 in gold a day at
San Rogue to make the venture a paying 1
one." •
RUNAWAY GIRL CAUGHT.
Arrested by Stockton Officers at the
Instance of Her Mother.
STOCKTON, June 26.— Little Lizzie
Bucks, an cloven-year-old runaway girl
from San Francisco, was taken off the
S:ls train last evening: by authority of a
message received from the girl's mother,
living on Hyde street. San Francisco.
Lizzie had two big bundles of clothing
with her and shld she was going to San
Jose and had taken the wrong train. SJio
paid her mother drove her away from
home.
Mrs. Bucks telephoned for her daughter
to be sent back to her and Lizzie was
sent down on the steamer this evening.
Power for Seven Towns.
RTO VISTA, June 26.— The Clear Lake
Power Compnny, the new enterprise by
which the promoters propose to furnish
electric lights to residents and business
men of Callstoga. St. Helena. Napa, Val
lejo, Benicia, Santa Rosa anrl lVtaluma,
has issued a prospectus. It places the
entire cost of installing the plant, ready
for operation, at $6.16,095 07, which includes
$108,£00 for a reserve steam plant for use
In case of emergencies. The annual op
erating expenses, exclusive of the steam
plant, are estimated at $55,490. It is in
tended to operate the plant at its full ca
pacity—4ooo horse power.
Angels Camp Election.
ANGELS CAMP, June 2fl.— On next Sat
urday an election will be held here <;n the
question of issuing bonds to the amount
of $10,000 for a new school building and
for grounds and furniture. The present
school facilities are very inadequate, and
unless some improvements are made im
mediately the school trustees will be
greatly handicapped.
OBDONTUNDER I
.^HWa^ Ih II A I I > I I _^SBL *^fiifek
if lirl 1 & w 1 ii • rrfjf^^By*ScP%^,
[iicii i vi i (.fctiit ~*^""^fl^^. c*^. - -'*- ' '
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of Etudents and men running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file jln our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at oilr office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protected
gainst these fakers. For the purpose of Introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR 90
DAYS, commencing June 17.
EXTRACTION, ar»o: CROWNS, 92.00 to S1O.OO:
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BOc: PLATES. JJ.1.00 to 812.B0:
FILLINGS. 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK, $3.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L.WALSH, -815$ GEARY ST., Bet. Hyde and Larkin.
.';. ' Office hours, 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. ffitrjSl
TEXAS WATCHING
THE CATTLE DEAL
Officials Say Law Must
Not Be Violated.
NEW ACT PROHIBITS TRUSTS
BUT THE SYNDICATE PROCEEDS
IN SECURING OPTIONS.
Prominent Stockmen of the Opinion
That the Combine Will Benefit
the Great Industry of
the Lone Star State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AT'STIN, Tex.. June 26.— Attorney Gen- !
era! T. S. Smith stated to-day that he
would keep his eye on the gigantic syndi
cate that is now seeking to get control i
of all the rattle In Texas. Under the pro
visions of the anti-trust law of the State
the live-stock industry is exempt, but there
Is no such exemption in the new anti
trust law which goes into effect January
31, 1900. If the present combination of
capita] that is securing options on all th.:
available cattle and ranches in Texas in
in the nature of a trust within the mean
ing of the new and far-reaching anti-trust
act, and should it be In operation when
the law becomes effective, it will meet
with a vigorous prosecution at the hands
of the State.
It is the opinion of prominent stockmen
that the operations of the syndicate will
be of benefit to the cattle industry and |
that it will be impossible for them to i
frieze out the cattlemen, who will profit
by the raise in prices. Should the pyndi- |
cate be successful in its present negotia
tions, it is the intention to stock up its |
ranches to the limit and by a concentra
tion of effort to handle the stock on a
mere economical basis than is being done \
at presi nt.
According to reliable information ob
tained here to-day, the great syndicate
has already secured options on the;
ranches and cattle of the following ex- ;
tensive stockmen of the Panhandle coun
try: Johnson Brothers, ('. < '. Slaughter,
Winfleld Scott. Crowder Brothers. R. C.
; "Ware. A. B. Robertson. John Scharliauer
I and a number of other smaller ranchmen.
The aggregate number of cattle owned by !
the foregoing stockmen is about 800,000
head <>r nearly one-sixth of the estimated
total number of cattle in the State.
Governor J. I). Sayers received the fol- !
lowing reply to-day to the invitation to j
attend the proposed anti-trust conference I
to be held in St. Louis September 20. from j
Governor Henry T. Gage of California:
"I would like very much to be with you :
on the occasion referred to, when the im- ;
I portant question of trusts will be und-r
consideration, but am so circumstanced j
that it will be impossible for me to at
tt nd. I trust that much good may be
evolved from the conference."
Governor W. D. Blancham of Florida
writes: "I have had a conversation with
j the Attorney General and hope that he
will be able to be with you at St. Louis
to take into consideration the objects set
forth in your communication. It Is im
possible for me to determine now whether
I can be with you or not. However, if
the Attorney General is there every pur
pose will be subserved."
MAY EXTEND HIS LINE
TO THE PACIFIC COAST
Vanderbilt Planning to Establish a
Transcontinental Railway-
System.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Tribune
says: The general opinion in Wall street
is in line with the Tribune's information
that the Boston and Albany lease has
virtually been effected, and the view was
taken that this New* England arrange
ment would before long- be followed by
the long-talked-of extension of the New
York Central system to the Pacific Coast
from Its present Western terminus in
Chicago, by consolidation with the Chi
cago and Northwestern, t"he Union Pa
cific and the Oregon Short I,ine.
"I think William K. Vanderbilt has
plans looking to the establishment of a
transcontinental line and that we shall
hear more or less on this subject," said
a prominent down-town railroad author
ity yesterday.
COUNTESS BARRANDA'S VISIT
Will Pass Through California on Her
Return to Siam.
NEW YORK, June 26— Among the
guests at the Hoffman House are the
Countess Barranda of Bangkok, Slam,
who is accompanied by her friend, Mrs.
C. W. Derby of Pittsburg, and a small
retinue of servants. The Countess was
formerly Miss Fannie Stark of I,oulstana
and was married to a Siamese nobleman
in San Francisco in ISSO when he was
Consul General of Siam to that city. The
Countess, after a brief stay in this city,
will start for Siam by way of California,
The Czarina Again a Mother.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 26.— The Em
press of Russia gave birth this morning
to a daughter, who will bo named Marie.
The mother's health is good. TJ.ere was a
Te Deum service at 3 o'clock.
Rockefeller at Seattle.
SEATTLE, June 26.— John D. Rockefel
ler, the Standard Oil magnate, and party
arrived from Alaska to-day. After a brief
stop in this city the party left for tho
East.
GERMANY YET IN
STUBBORN MOOD
Will Decrease Military
Effectiveness.
PEACE DELEGATES SO TOLD
RUSSIAN PROPOSALS BEFORE
THE SUB-COMMITTEES.
Representatives of the United States
Will Insist on Plan for Protection
of Private Property at Sea
in Time of War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■*
♦ ♦
NEW YORK, June 27.— The
Commercial this morning says
that Russia has placed orders for
$20,000,000 worth of guns and am
munition in this country, and
that she may place $60,000,000
more.
THE HAGUE, June 25.— The first com
mittee examined to-day the Russian pro
posals relating to military effectives and
budgets. Colonel Gross yon Schwarzhoff
of the German delegation declared that
Germany could not enter Into any engage
ment not to increase her military effect
iveness.
The committee referred the Russian pro
posals to the special committees of the
naval and military Bub-committees. The
drafting commit tt-e on arbitration adopted
the first reading of the proposed code of
procedure on arbitration.
nie vote on the second reading will oc
! cur Friday, when the second reading of
: the pennament arbitration proposal,
based on the scheme of Sir Julian
Pauncefote, the head of the British dele
gation, will occur.
Frederick Holls, secretary of the
American delegation to the Peace Con
ference, referring in conversation with a
representative of the Associated Pr>-ss to
the proposals of the- I'nited States for the
protection of private property at sea with
the exception of contraband of war in
time of war from capture or seizure. said:
"We have strong ground for making the
propositions. The President understood
the Russian invitation comprised the
question of private property at sea and
has instructed us to raise the question.
We will push the matter energetically, in
sisting that the conference is competent,
and that if its competency is doubtful a
liberal interpretation is necessary- We
believe that if the proposals are rejected
they will be referred to another confer
ence. Anyhow they will have been most
useful, as* the attitude of each power will
be denned. Thr State Department has
sent us a very strong pamphlet containing
resolutions passed by many cities of the
United States, which has been handed to
each delegate.
QUEEN WILHELMINA TO
BANQUET DELEGATES
NEW YORK. June 26.— A Sun cable
from The Hague says; Queen Wilhel
mlna will give a dinner to the delegates
at the palace at The Hague on July S.
This is regarded as a token that the con
ference will end at about that date.
Pliylis Rankin Divorced.
NEW YORK, June 26.— Phylis Rankin,
the actress, was to-day granted a divorce
from Henry D. Gibbs and awarded cus
tody of the children.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO HOW
I _ (V* ay O
WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE IN PER-
fect health? If SO study the above dia-
gram. There are many premonitory symptoms
that serve to warn one of nervous decline, yet
oftentimes they are passed over. as some trif-
ling affection, and almost unnoticed. If people
"vould pay attention to these warning symp-
toms oftentimes serious Illness could be avert-
ed. Men and women are subject to nervous
decline.
Twitching of eyelids and hollow eyes (Rig.
1) twitching of muscles of face (Fig. 2), chok-
ing sensation (Fig. 3), fluttering or palpitation
of the heart (Fig. 4), impaired digestion (Fig.
5), all Indicate nerve weakness and are among
the first symptoms of Nervous Prostration.
Other symptoms are nervous headaches, dizzy
FpeUs, lack of energy, clouded memory, cos-
tlveness, general weakness and despondency.
, . x HUDYAN will cure
j _._,. ..,_. you, will relieve you
MEN AND of every symptom and
i WOMEN will prevent complete
I ADVISED nervous prostration.
I FREE. HUDYAN will restore
Call or Write. the weakened nerves
1- + to a healthy condi-
"*" tion. Do you notice
any of the above symptoms? If you do, by all
means "take HUDYAN." HUDYAN is what
you need. HUDYAN furnishes nourishment
and strength to the entire system.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, 50c a
package or six packages for ?2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY COM-
PANY, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market sts.,
San Francisco, Cal.
You May Consult the Hud van Doctors
About Your Case free of Charge. Call or
Write.
Ii 1 m Sot S3 B» fi& ftlv , m fi*
■H a B Hal 9S9D BSbh Eff&9 Hj ! taSKa*
v "r ifi BfTi swf* gjfl tj*a *■' TMOsFryji
a s% m SuJ ! 5 5Hn A KKSi B
R • * £ «iS M <&*& fi i"« Wa
" iff Irrf— JtWt^l.ißß ™ ™^ **r sftf
MM* HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
sUl^nfiSr Five hundred reward for any
Ef*™* •"■HI case we cannot cure. This secret
S B remedy stotia all losses In M
Bcß *££& hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
RiVl RtTI tency, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea,
LLiJ .Jit Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Cost
■SSL— Sr< Manhood and all wasting effects
V\.J JMm "'? of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $> bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL' 3 MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway. Oakland. Csi. Also
lor sals at 10734 Market St., 8. F. All private
disease*) quickly cured. Send {or frea book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
' Is a ' Great Restorative. Invlgorator and Ner-
i vine.
i The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
' Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
I The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFB & BRUNE, Agents,
i 323 Market street, S. F.— (Send lor Circular.!
34
SHERIFF'S POSSE
ON SOMERS' TRAIL
Searching- for the Ne
vada City Assassin.
FUGITIVE IS WELL ARMED
LEKELY TO RESIST ARREST IF
CORNERED.
Officers Sent to Bring In the Man
Who Ambushed and Badly
Wounded Tavern-Keeper
Gailbraith.
Special Dispai b to The Call.
NEVADA CITY. June 26.— Frank Som
ers, miner, rancher and woodchopper.
with a weakness for other men's wives, is
hiding 1 somewhere in the mountains be*
itwe>»n this city and Washington. He has
a largre-bore Martin i Ifle with him and :
plenty of cartridges. People who have ;
known him for a long 1 time Bay that if any j
of the Sheriff's posse that has been out
since dark last night trying to round him ,
up find him there will be a story of
bloodshed to chronicle.
Somers is wanted by the authorities for
having: just before dark yesterday am- |
bushed Christopher Gailbraith. a tavern i
keeper nnd ditch tender on the Washing-:
ton Ridge, ten miles above here. lie
pumped a handful of .small shot from a
double-barreled bird gun into Gailbraith s
face head, stomach and hands at a dis- j
tance of thirty feet. The wounded man
made a dash toward Ids assailant nnd the
would-be assassin lied, his gun being
empty. Gailbraith followed till the blood
from his wounds blinded him. Then he
turned back and. jumping into his sulky,
sent his horse spinning down the road
toward the Central House, three-quarters
of a mile below, where he lives with his
wife.
He had gone a quarter of a mile when
Somers sprang from the roadside and,
leveling a rille, lived at his victim fora
third time. the bullet just grazing Oail
braith. A sudden turn in the road .- that
point took Gailbraith out of sight.
Gailbraith hurried home, got . his own
rille and started back afoot to settle '
scores with his enemy. He had gone but
a hundred feet from the door when he j
I sank to the ground, fainting from the loss ■
of blood and unable to continue the
ihaFe H" was taken into the. house ard
a doctor and the officers at the county
seat were telephoned for.
Sheriff Getchell! Deputy Pascoe and City
Marshal Tompkins went up and stayed j
out most of the night, without finding the
fugitive. The Sheriff and other officers
then returned and this morning sent up
Deputies Waters and Schmidt to continue '
the chase. At a late hour this evening
their efforts had not been rewarded.
The physician removed part of The shot
from Gailbraith last night. To-day he
was brought to the county scat and most
of the rest was removed. A went so
deep that they could not be reached:
Gailbraith is painfully mutilated, but it
is • -.':.-. recover, although he
suffers much agony.
Somers had worked for Gailbraith a
long time till last year, when Ibraith
came to the- conclusion he was nursing a
viper In his household and sent him away. '
The young man and his brother. Thomas, j
have* since occupied a cabin on their little
ranch-a half mile from the Central House, j
Frank Somers received notice from Gail- !
braith after his discharge to stay away i
from- Gailbraith's place, but he did not
heed it. Yesterday afternoon he went
thr-re drunk and .firmed, and wanted; to
light. Gailbraith would not take up the I
challenge. Somers then hastened up the i
line of the ditch, raised a waste gate and |
waited for Gailbraith to come and see;
what the trouble was with the water sup- j
ply. As Gailbraith got out of his sulky I
Somers sprang from his hiding place in i
the chaparral and opened fire.
LOS ANGELES JUDGE
DIES OF CONSUMPTION
Passing of William H. Clnrk After an
Illness of Several
Months.
LOS AXGET.ES. June 28.— Judge Wil
liam H. Clark, who' for FGver.il years has
been a Judge of the Superior Court of
this county, died this morning of con
sumption. He had been ill for several
months and confined to a hospital. I-ast
winter his health declined so that he wad
obliged to leave the bench. He went on
the ■ sert first, but came back and en
tore.] the hospital.
.! idj Clark was 30 years of ago. He
Came from North Andoverj Mass., where
bis father had been Sheriff and bis grand
father Judge "f the district. He was a
graduate of Harvard Law School.
Judge Clark came to California in 1880,
after having practiced In Boston for a
short time. He was elected a Superior
Judge in 1888, but had served before, hav
ing been appointed by the Governor to
fill a vacancy, lie was unmarried.
Fullfiedged Teachers Now.
MARYSVILLE, June 20.— 0f the four
teen young people who underwent exam
inations before the Yuba County Board of
Education last week as applicants for
teachers' certificates, seven failed. This
afternoon the board granted certificates
to the successful ones as follows: Gram
mar grade— Miss Harriet Cann, Hiss
Charlotte Lewis, Miss Mabel Nash. Pri
mary grade— Rosetta Rich, Alice Free
man, James Mullen, Ruth Pierano. The
following teachers were recommended to
the State Board of Education for educa
tional diplomas— Miss Mary Gleason, Mrs
Eugenia Smith and Miss Blanche Hall!
Miss Rose Huff was granted a grammar
grade certificate on State educational di
ploma.
Gravel on Adobe Rapids.
RIO VISTA. June -■'■• The use of gravel
on adobe roads has proved a Buccess in
Solano County. BupervisQr_James E. Sul
■svho repi
succeeded in making the ro.-Hs .>t his dis
trict amoi • I In California !>v this
means, ana it will noi > >■
first- ■ .iy will stretch from Rio
ty-flve
T"]il< S.
League of the Cross Cadets.
MARYSVII,I,E, June 26.— A branch" of
the ague of the Cross Cadets was or
ganized in this city Last evening. Fifty
young men, ranging In age fr<>m 15 to 1 20
years signed the roll/ The following of
ficers were elected: President, Edward
Bennett; vice president, Ji>4in Ivan;
secretary, William Plymire; treasurer,
John Harrington; spiritual director Rev
J. J. Mines.
Chico's Goddess of Liberty.
CHICO, June 2t>.- In the voting contest
for a Goddess of Liberty for the celebra
tion of th<
on Saturday evening. Mis< Deborah Rob-
H-pn of this county, .-i n East
Bear River Township, who is attending
Normal School, \ , ssful.
Woman Pioneer Gone
MARTSVILLJB, June 26.— Mrs. Ira H.
"\Vood, a pi gutter Coun
ty, died at her home i our Meridian to
day of bronchitis after an illness of two
Weeks. She was a native of Illinois and
5G year,s of age. Six sons and three daugh
ters survive her.
Pears'
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
A CASE OF LOADED
DICE AND MAYHEM
DRTVATE WILLIAM 11. RICE, Company IS. casual detachment, mourns
the loss of his Ipaded dice. This is not all of his trouble, for Just at pres-
I ont his sorrow over the loss of his "lead-pipe cinch" Is accentuated by the
■*• fact that he is nursing- three fingers upon his right hand, which Private
Thomas Clancy, Company 19, casual detachment, chewed into a pulp yester
day afternoon while Hlce was forcibly trying to persuade him to give up the
afon sa d dice. Kiee is a Btudent of the weaknesses of his fellow soldiers, and
knowing the propensity that they have for gambling he made a pair of dice,
which he has since stated, owing to the beautiful way in which they are load
ed, he valued at $25. He inaugurated the game of "chuck-a-luck," and since
last payday he has won a fortune, having got everything in sight On Sun
day afternoon he was conducting the game as usual just In the rear of the
quarters below the adjutant's office. Clancy was in the game and he was los
ing every time the dice were thrown. Suddenly an officer appeared upon the
Bcene.
In the wild scramble that followed Rice grabbed all the money in sight
while Clancy landed with both feet on the dice. Clancy had an eye for busi
ness and he wanted to recuperate his sadly diminished pile. Rice began a
search for his $26 dice, but nobody had seen thorn, so he gave his "tapioca"
bones up as lost. Yesterday afternoon Clancy surprised his companions by
iming out as the full-fledged proprietor of a "chuck-a-luck" game.
Things were coming hi? way, for the dice were rolling to perfection, and
inry was rnking in the dough with both hards, when Rice hove upon the
rind recognizing' his bones demanded them. Clancy stoutly refused to
give up his "good things," and when Rice started to take the dice the two
9 mixed without further parley.
They paid no attention to ring etiquette, but went at each other hammer
and tongs. Rice had scored three knock-downs when Clancy, realizing that
he was at n disadvantage at long range, closed in upon his opponent and
g Rice's right hand in his mouth began to chew with a] his strength.
too much for Rice, and he gave up the tight and began to call
fi r help. When finally some of his c>i r :• i, who came to his assistance,
managed to disengage his hand from Clancy's teeth Rice's three middle fin
gers were hanging by threads of flesh. Rice was taken to the general hos
where his hand was dressed. What became- of the $25 dice deponent
not.
QUARANTINE
OFFICERS ARE
NOT DISTURBED
No Danger Here
From the Plague.
IT CANNOT POSSIBLY ENTER
___^_ —
FAITH PLACED IN HEALTH LAWS
OF HONOLULU.
Usual Precautions Will Be Taken
With the Maru, but Doctors Are
Sure They Will Not Be
Necessary.
Dispatches in yesterday's papers tell
ing of the presence of the bubonic plague
on the Nippon Mara, bound for this port
and now in quarantine at Honolulu, nave
caused no more than passing interest
among I,he quarantine authorities here.
There is no expectation that the disease
wilL enter San Francisco, and every reli
ance sot-ms to be placed in the health reg
ulations of the Islands. The Federal sys
tem of quarantine has not yet been es
tablished at Honolulu, but th« re is a rep
resentative of this Government attached
to the American consulate there, whose
business It is to Bee that so far as this
country .- concerned the quarantine laws
are properly enforced.
Under the laws of the islands a ship
Infected must remain in quarantine for
seven days after being thoroughly fumi
sated. In cases of bubonic plague the
regulations of this port are the same as
those relating to cholera, which require
a detention of fourteen days. A thor
ough fumigation of the vessel, passengers
and freight, with detention of the passen
gers. Is bout all- the quarantine officer?
think will be necessary, even should there
be any more cases on the Nippon Mam,
which" they very much doubt. Dr. Law
lor Health -Officer of the city, does not
see much danger in the present of th
plaguo at the Island quarantine station.
"The disease will not set a foothold
-..,-, ; it cannot." he said. "To make the
disease epidemic there must be the same
conditions existing as obtain In Asiatic
countries. Th( people here do not live
topether like pigs. and they know how to
take care of themselves. In the countries
where th« plague flourishes the domestic
animals occupy the house with the peo
ple. There Is no idea of ever cleaning
th- floor, and when an appearance of
cleanliness •- desired all the people do is
to put a new layer of matting on tbo
iloor They have no idea of sanitary
regulations and they foster the plague by
the filthy way in which they live. If the
quarantine regulations are properly en
forced at this port there can be no flan
ger of any case of the plague getting In
here. With the quarantine at Honolulu
In addition to the local precautions, the
entrance of the plague is impossible."
A LITTLE GIRL'S DEBAUCH.
Margaret Terry. 11 Years of Age,
Found Stupidly Drunk on Mis
sion Street.
Margaret Teijry, a girl 11 years of age,
Found lying on Mission street yester
day ;iftornor.n by Policeman Bode stupid
|y drunk. He lifted her up in his arms
with the intention of taking her to the
cc station. -but on the way met her
mother and the ohild was taken home.
When -he recovered from her debauch she
said she went to the liquor store of H. i\
Michaelis, Twenty-eighth and Mission
streets, and purchased f>o Tints' wort,h of
whisky. A bartender, who is known as
Louie, sold her the stuff, and as soon as
she left the store she drank it. Mrs. Ter
ry di nled that she had sent the girl for
the li'juor.
> ■ iterday morning Polireman Bode
swore to a complaint In Judge Treadwell's
court charging "John .Doe' 1 with selling
liquor to a minor child, as the bartender's
name was not known.
At t o'clock in the afternoon Bode ar
rested Louis Minnermann, the bartender.
and took him to the Seventeenth Ftr^et
tion, where he was charged with s'll
intr liquor to a minor. His "boss," Mioh
aelis, immediately deposited $100 bail and
took his clerk away.
School Board Meeting.
Ten members of the Hoard of Education
mci last night in special session at tho
[ Superintendent Webster to discuss
the advisability of certain changes In
.oka of the department. Assistant
• fl( nt Marks informed the Di
■ 1.1 Superintendent Webster, who
was noi present, had been called away
ectedly during the afternoon nnd
might not be aVle to attend. After wait-
Ing f'>r Webster for half an hour the
I adjourned to meet to-night,
Director Head alone voting no, con
tending that the Superintendent had put
a slipht <in the board by falling to ap
pear. After adjournment the Directors
listenf'd for a quarter of an hour to the
lady representative >>f tho Thompson Bys
tem of drawing.
Slapped a Boy's Face.
Annie Bergin had her case <lismissed by
Judge Tnadwell yesterday. She was nc
cused of 6lapping the face of Frank Shan
hy. a boy living at 421 Harriet street.
When the case was called in court last
week the boy's mother said she did not
wish to prosecute it if the defendant
would promise not to molest - the boy
1 again, and the desired promise was given.
The Judge told Mrs. Shanley that he
I would continue the case for a week and if
the defendant did not keep her promise he
would send her to jail.' As no complaint
had been made the Judge dismissed the
case yesterday.
Pastor to Be Installed.
Rev. George G. Eldrldge, the new pastor
of St. John's Presbyterian Church, will
be Installed with solemn ceremonies next
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The pro
gramme outlined at yesterday's meeting
of the Presbytery is to consist of a ser
mon by Rev. H. N. Bevler and a charge
to the congregation by Rev. R. W. Rey
nolds. Rev. Dr. Weller of Butte, Mont.,
has been requested to attend and give the
charge to the pastor.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 27, 1899.
MERCHANTS ARE
ASKED FOR AN
EXTRA HOLIDAY
Would Close Business
Houses on Monday.
BIG CELEBRATION PROMISED
I CHINATOWN'S CONTRIBUTION IS
FORTY PRETTY MAIDS.
All Sections of the City Join to Make
the Nation's Natal Day One
Long to Be Re
membered.
The cnmmittPo having charge of the ar
rangementa for tho Fourth of July cele
br;itinn are making strenuous efforts to
have all the merchants of the city close
th>'lr doors on Monday next. They arj
is a regular holiday and
::s the Fourth comes on the following
lay of i. cr< a tion In be
tween will no! mean much in the way of
loss, w'nil<- it will mean a great
■ • .-■ who l" nefit ' y '\r- extra in
dulgence. Should the merchant;? (leci'V
to close on Monday it will pive thoir em
ployes from Saturday afternoon until
Wednesday morning- free to themselves to
j follow their own devio< B. This will mean
' much to tlie average clerk, who seldom
has su«h an opportunity to get awaj
the desh and i:>,kr> a littke trip into the
I broad fields and pleasant shades of the
try. Besides, owing to the great
lI have happened dvi ing th<
the committee thinks that some
thing unusual in the way of ;. celebration
j will not be at all inappropriate.
To stim;;' : iiasm of citizens
the committee has decided to offer .i cash
prizi- of $30 for the most handsomely deco
rated I ullding and J2O for the second best.
The people of North Beach are enthu
tic over the prospect of having a (Ms- .
.it Washington square on the night
of the Fourth. A committee consist!
Grattan D. Phillips, L. A. Rea, Daniel
Crowley and Harry Flshei i d the
district yesterday an<i met with great en
couragement. The Fourth of July com
! mitto has appropriated 1200, which the cit
izens of that district have agreed to re
fund to the general committee, and have
a!su agreed to contribute an amount equal
to that tn secure a grand exhibition.
Everybody at the "Beach" is alrve to the
importance of the occasion, and it is pro
posed to add a t.rass band as an addition
al attraction.
The finance committee hold a meeting- at
headquarters yesterday aftefnon, and
from the reports of the mombr-rs of the
various committees there is nearly JltXXj to
collect to mako the celebration a success.
The old fight beiween the rival mu
sirians' unions of thin city was settled ;it
a meeting' of the mtisic crnmitti eon Mon
day afternoon. It was decided to employ
only members of the Musicians' Mutual
Protective Association— the old organiza
tion.
The Chinese are prepared to turn out a
float containing forty oi the prettiest
Confession of a Millionaire.
A millionaire confessed the secret of hi? suc
cess in two words— hard work. He said he
put in the best part of his life in gaining dol
lars and losing health, and now he was put
ting In the other halt in spending dollars to
pet back health. Nothing equals Hostett';r"s
Stomach Bitters for restoring health to the
overtired body and brain. It gets at the start-
Ing point— the stomach— and overcomes ner
vousness, sleeplessness, dyspepsia and Indi
gestion^
9 Cure Sour Stomach, «
t Constipation, etc* 3
J 1O cents nnd 35 cents, at drag stores, L
knitJ-inhco.
103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
A Buy From.Headquarters.
M BATHING
t-'gi 1& Alpaca and QUITO
MM" Knitted. uUI I 0
n? Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc,
jfc'i f J ' We knit to order
*mtj . UNDERWEAR
In Sllk - Wo ° l and Linen
( vrfEaabJ' Mesh.
Bend for Illustrated Catalogue. Free.
:
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
end analogous complaints of the Organ* of
Generation. - v ~,w
Price II a bottle. For rale by drugKtsts.
Writ's Lilian Veffetatile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of person*
who have used them for forty rears to our*
BICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver. Weak (Jtomaxh. Plm-
< pie* ana purify tv« blood.
j girls of Chinatown representing the Flow
-1 cry Kingdom. The Garibaldi Guard and
! Benevolent Association will parade and
j furnish carriages for their officers. The
' Beali Italianl Carbinieri will also parade
!in their picturesque uniforms. Two of the
! handsomest young ladies of the Italian
i quarter have been selected to act as the
j goddesses -of Flora and Pomoculture in
i the parade.
Grand Marshal Costello has decided to
i appoint Thomas Keogh and H. I. Fisher
i as aids to Marsha] William I>ee in the
I Chinese division. They will appear in the
! costume of the highbinder tongs.
SWEENY'S MANY WOES.
Believes That His Wife Has Eloped
With an ex-Convict Named
"Jack"' Long.
The husband of Martha Sweeny, who
suddenly disappeared from her home on
— — — — — — ■ ____^ — — — — — — _ — —^ — 'J
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column" will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly fumlihed; table un-
Burpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Howling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
c< mplete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and I'cnies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
fn:all pram* plentiful; maKniticent drives;
luths in variety: lawn tennifl and croquet.
Kfiii hed by the shortest stase route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Fr:
via Hop! <J, JS; via Calistofsa. *9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to 114 per week.
Take S. F. A- N. P. Railway to Hnpland, or
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAKt.
HlK'nlaml Springs, Lake County. CaL. or tee
L. 1). CRAIG. 816 Montgomery Ft.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Bode Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oaklnr. 1
AHRENS, PEIN & BfLLWINKKL.
620 Post St., San Francisco.
Pleasure-Seekers
Seek Vendome. ,
Hotel VenJome — starting point for
many beautiful drives to interesting:
points in Sarlta Clara County. A
; rarJen of fruit, flowers and trees.
Mount Hamilton visitors make com-
; plete arrangements for a look at
: Lick Observatory. Competent driv-
ers and serviceable rigs at Vendome
■ Stables. j
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager,
San Jose, Cal.
SKAGGS'HQTSPRINGS
Fonnma County: only 4»4 hours from San
Francisco and but 8 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; rood trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$6 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3: JO
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four year*.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
TtliF Delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
' water, fine «tone dining room; telephone con-
' nections, electric lights. livery accommodation;
I wood trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 510.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return for $25 cash, by Yosemlte and Ray-
mond Carriage Line Limited. Address A. B.
■ VAN CAMPEN, Raymond, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting. bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale, Cal. Free
j carriage.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
! lie are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
i CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT $To\\ IS
and Pine Forests Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healthful spot. ■ Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties "' fruit. Terms. $7 per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER, Napa P. O.
HOTEL BENVENUE
And cottages. Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
new- dancing pavilion, Sox4o; fronts lake 200 ft.;
tine bowling alley and ehufrieboartl; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
THE HOYA RETREAT S^uated five miles
HID fiUTA KCInCAI from Gilroy. Spring
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. I'EABODY, GUroy,
Cal.
MONTE VISTfI,
In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now. open.
Come to the country for the summer. Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for Illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN.
Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch Flat. Placer
County, Cal. r -."%'
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. U. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two mile* from Hopland. Unequaled soda and -
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to »12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland. Cal.
V/nCFIUITF San Francisco to Chl-
■ V/OJUi"ll 1 Li nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'b coaches 60 miles
to Yosemlte Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, In either direction. $16. J. M. HCTCH-
-INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery St.. Sari Francisco.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS. TraXflo Dept.,
SZI Market St., San Francisco.
May 27, believes that she has eloped with
an ex-convict named "Jack" Long. Sev
eral years ago the woman met Long, co
her husband claims, and fell in love with
him. According to Sweeny's story. the
woman, who was then only 16 years of
age. arranged with Sweeny to rob her
father's house.
During the temporary absence of her
parents she and I^ong entered the house
and stole several hundred dollars' worth
of jowclry. She was arrested for the
crime, but on account of her youth was
not prosecuted. Long went to Stoekt >n,
where he was arrested while in the act
of breaking into a house, and on a con
viction was svnt to San Quentln for three
years. He was released a short time ago
miii came to this city. Sweeny thinka his
wife was in the habit of meeting the ex
convict and that he induced her to elope
with him. She is described as being tall
and slender and wears short blonde hair.
Last night Sweeney visited police head
quarters and gave a description of tha
: Pass the 4th
: At Paso Robles.
I ! You can spend the 4th out of
/ town for less cost than to stay
\ at home.
i 1 Half Fare — First-class ticket,
[, S. F. to Paso Robles and re-
/ turn, $6.20 ; other points pro
|i rata. Hotel rates . reduced to
/ $2 a day. Tickets good to go
\ Saturday, Sunday, Monday and
Tuesday, returning Wednesday
or Thursday. Trains leave Third
and Townsend sts. 9 a.m.; re- \
turning arrive 4:10 p. m. Seat i 1
J in Pullman Buffet Car 75c. ]!
i 1 Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office, /
'[ Paso Robles, Cal. ' 638 Market st. !
l- - 1 ~. '■' ' '
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP. .
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
j UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, lllusrated folders.
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office, £13 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
S"^ ■'S (T?l R lAA lIOT SPRING 3. — This
I*s hi |J- SB I V I 9 beautiful summer and
S r^ ttl M I SJI B J winter . resort. now
I lIIIdBI v v owned and managed by
DR. J. PEURAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, Is situated
150 miles couth of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel; annex and oottagas; good
hunting- and flshlnc: grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or other«
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
ftafre to Paraiso.) Round trip, $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office, 236 Sutter St.. S. F.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to UKIAH,
thence by easy staging through Blue
Lake Pass. The most picturesque
health resort in California. Round trip
$950. Rates— sB,oo. $14 a week.
J. Martens, prop.; city office. 416 Pine st.
/iT TSilB \ By Southern Pacific
IT 111 II I to 6t. Helena,
■ ■■■■" II . I thence over easy
0 D D I M P0 I rIA-no Bta&e. v All
AT nillllaN ! ln the round-trip
Ul BllllUU 7 ticket for 87.
Apply W. O. MITCHELL. Manager, Aetna
Springs. Napa Co., or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' buliuing. S. P., telephone. Mint 1535.
VICHY SPRINGS,
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH, MENDO-
cIno County. • Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place ln the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. I.*- vtly grounds, fishing and hunting.
! Crystal Spnt. •• Accommodations and tabU
first-class. J. v REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckle, ln the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because it
is clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure
air and pure wnter. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April L Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also in new cottages. Just
completed. - l;/.. ;<: 'i
mrs, f\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE!.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT: electrio car» to
beach. MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cruz,
C API <JRAn- Most beautiful spot ln Lake
W.-1-tL, JU.4II County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially la stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
HO per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McCiOYEUN,
bad, Lake County.
9
missing woman to Detective Anthony. It
is believed that the couple have gone to
Portland.
Mass Meeting Postponed.
The contemplated mass meeting which
had been discussed and conditionally de
cided on by the Mission Business Men's
Association for the pavement of Valencia
street with bitumen from Market to
Twenty-eiffhth streets, has been post
poned. Mayor Phelan and others who
were expected to be present and address
the parties interested in the movement
notified the committee that they could not
attr-nd at the time specified. Hence the
postponement.
Battered Two Policemen.
Joseph Murphy and John Barry were
convicted by Judge Ccnlan yesterday on
the charges -of battery and disturbing the
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
*% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catallna's won-
j derful attractions. World's records for rod and
i reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
1 Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
lof our famous Marine Band. '.;■:>
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Hates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring «t-,
: Lob Ar.geleß. Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
For your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
! Th» Place for rVD/^U A F> "TV^ the FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARD™^
HEALTH SPRINGS -i™tJ.
ksjl jli~x\\aks the C. P.R.R.
; Plain. Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Ground? and Surroundings. On Railroad.
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
BYRON HOTSPHII>GS
v'VCr TilE ONLY KNOWN
'*• I v * cure for Rheumatism.
— .".r/X ; Business men go Satur- !
•"".ji^jl'i'i'-^ day 5:30 p. m. and are I
7 *!!'-; • in their office S:4."> a. m.
/'■' *ufc •■ Monday. Address A.
■ : »ifli'" BKTTENS, Mpr. Byron
iflSj^ Hot Springs. Cal., or
K*^y-^ LOMBARD & CO., City ■
'. ■' Agency, room 30, 22V.
Geary St.. S. F. I
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
s ia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
; pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip. $3 75. Stage
; meets morning trains md Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL LYNDON, !
LOS GMTOS. .
Just opened; new building; handsome furni-
ture; 60 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room
LTMANH. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS |
(Beswick. Slsklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast. !
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
EON BROS., Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND i
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Bnr»
cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion, rheumatism
j and constipation; hot mineral baths Thesa I
! springs ar» located in Napa County, 20 mile*
east of St. Helena, The water Is bottled at
toe springs and contains its own natural eaj.
Blare leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
TyATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
n climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives-
pine groves, lawns and gardens- The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort
rest and health culture In a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
Bouthern Pacific office*. 110. DR. W. R. PRa-
THER. Adam Spring.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air; free bo. tin* on lake;
prices reasonable. 18 to $10 per week; special
rates for families. W. J. McDON..LD, Man-
ager.
DR. C."crO'DONNELL'3
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs. Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
6-roorn cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer' resort and -mineral
-water for all diseases In America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage has
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance . lor parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J
LUTTRINGER, geavlew, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUBE, 207 Front •*., 8. P.. lor par.
titulars. *^
peace, and were ordered to appear for j
sentence this morning, when the addition- /
al chargf apainst them of resisting an of
ficer will be Investigated. They were run
cerned in the row at Sixth and Minna
street* a w< "k ago, when Policemen Mind^
han and Riordan were severely beat! f
Edward English, alias Albert Smith, who
struck Minehan on the face with «=ume in
strument and broke his nose, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday on eh
of assault "with a deadly weapon and
turbing th< peace. Minehan's face is ;a
a horrible condition.
Sugar Company Incorporates.
The Makaweli Pu«ar Company was in
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $5,000,000, of which $1,500,000 ha? t ■ n
subscribed. The directors are Henry P.
Baldwin. Samuel T. Alexander, Henry F.
Allen. I. Ptrasshurirer. W. 1 1. Chickering
and Wallace M. Alexander.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all alon* th* main
line. Sonoma and GuernevUle branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to Saa
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles alon?
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded- Excel- ■«
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. B. Har- }
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which Is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
; for two miles, and good fishing. Man la
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville. In the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, Is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
I ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
; Men's Association, of GuernevlUe, offer k
1 free camping sites throughout the whole An
section. Th<=> Russian River will 3««r
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet ot^
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D. f
Connell. proprietor of the livery, stable at *
Guerneville, representing the association.
j will meet all trains, and without charge
■<vl]l show prospective campers the various
I locations. . • .. •
To and from nil these point* double
daily train service. . V : - •
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties' are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market St.
For detailed information apply. at Ticket .. '
Office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle' building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.' -
H. C. WHITING.. R. X. RYAN. .' ."
General Manacer. Gen. Pass. Act.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.) • •' . '
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years' at
Paraiso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc. .
The Table the best the market affords. -Tha
Baths refitted and Improved— competent at- • -±
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and . walks /j
beautified. Fine hunting «nd fishing. Trains r
leave Third and Townsend Ets.. S. F., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For ■ Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
! by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gilroy Hot Springs. Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLAS3
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, J2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, * 'th one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to Jl2 per week. Round
trip, 19 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
•tage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha. Lak*
County. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
112 per week, 12 per day. Address Aqua Call-
eote Springs. Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co.. CaJ.
n r p r e - TOCALOMA. " M gg. IN
BERTRAND First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 58 Third St.. San Francisco.
KENJLWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In anil
cut door sports. Forty-five minutes from Saa
Francisco. Table under personal care of MR3.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
iVIENDENHALL SPRINGS.
! Under new management; 1000 feet above sea; * m
stage connects with train at Livermore at 2:15 »*
p. m. ; fare from San Francisco, $2 25; rates,
j" 50 to $12 50 per week: half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT. Proprietor, Livermore. Cal.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; non» better
in Lake Co.; tas indoors and out.
, -. 3 • H. WAMBOLD.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located in Blackburn Gulch. 6 mile*
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home In
. the redwoods; running water; abundance o£
• fruit; good table; terms, $5 per week; children
under 10, ?3. Address W. CxtANDELL. Santa
Cruz. Cal. . .■
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistosra and rail-
road station;- beautiful shade: home cooking;
nn,i rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
, MRS. S. SMITH. CallstOKa. Napa Co.. Cal.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, 'comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co.. Cal..
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or 1
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Cal!" visiting the
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying forsami
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
' ...TERMS...
15 Cents per Week i
65 Cents pep Month
POSTAGE PREPAID. 1MAXINE SCORES
HER FIRST WIN
AT THE EAST
Leads Out a Field at
Sheepshead.
CHARENTUS RUNS SECOND
ADMIRATION DISPOSES OF A !
TRACK RECORD.
Ned Dennis Takes a Selling Race at
St. Louis and Einstein Beats
Some Good Ones at
Harlem.
* -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XEW YORK. June 26.— 1n the Spring
stakes at Sheepshead Bay to-day Mis
chievous was the favorite of a poor lot
r.nd won easily. In the Spendthrift han
dicap. Ethelbert was a prohibitive favor
ite. After rating along behind Glengar to !
the last quarter he came away and won
.lust as he pleased. Kinley Mack beating
Glengar for the place.
In th<» opening; race Admiration was at
the g.iotl odds of 3 to 5, and won in a
romp breaking the track record, by way
of variety.
Maxine (formerly Flour de Us), win- j
ncr of the Burn? handicap in California.'
scored her first victory on the Eastern
tracks to-day, winning the. second race!
easily. Shu was 4 M 1 in th« betting. Re- I
Ftv<> and a half furlongs— Admiration won. ,
Isndor second: Filon dOr third. Time, 1:07 1-5. I
One mil-— Mai won, i Parent .is second,
rir.nsilla third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
Sprint ikes, Futurity course— Mischievous
won. riucky second. Brusquirie third. Time, j
1.10 I-.i.
one and an eighth miles— |
Ktheibert won. X IV. Mack second, Glengrar
third. Time. 1:,5 2-.
Selling, five furlongs— Prejudice won. Shrove !
Tuesday second. Oread third Time. 1:02 1-5.
SMlinc. r>ne and a quarter miles— Decanter ,
wrn. Fast Black second. Twinkler third. Time,
:;07.
_
ST. T,oriP. June 26.-^-Rlchard 3 was the only '
favorite to take down a purse at the Fair
Ground* to-day. A heavy shower did not ma
lerlally affect the track. Results:
Seven and a half furlongs— Richard J won.
Found second. Applejack third. Time. 1:34%.
Selling, five furlongs— Ned Dennis won.
Wocdtrlce second. Gisca third. Time. l:03U-
Selling, one mile— Chenille won, Sadie Levy
ff.-nnd. Farondelle third. Time. 1:43*;.
Han<!i";<n. six furlones— Fireside won. Rar
ri*r> second; Our Gertie third. Time, 1:15>;.
3-'l!lnfr. one mile— Forbush won. Ben Frost j
F"onnd. Silver Set third. Time. 1.43' 4 .
r 'ne mile, selling— Banish won, Mldlan sec
rnd. Annie Oldfleld third. Time, 1:42%. .
BRT^K:
CHICAGO. June Weather at Harlem fair: j
track fast. Results:
Seven furlon^p. selling— Newsgatherer won. j
Knren second. Grazlella third Time. 1:27.
Five furlong* Annis Palmer wen. Jzpnik
Franplhle third. Time. 1:01
On a nnd thr»e-sixteenth miles— Einstein won. j
Kriss Kringle second. Croesus third. Time, i
Six fvirloncs. Meddler won, Gobel second.
Hush Penny third. Time, 1:13"*.
One mile— The ; ••■vll won. TenViy second,
Enrenia Wirkes third. Time, 1:40.
Six ■ irl MRS Helen's Pet won. Antiquary
ti»oond. Car.ace third. Tim". l:l" s i.
GET-AWAY DAY AT DENVER.
Receipts Donated to the "Slaves of
the Silver Serpent.''
DENVER. June 2';.— This was the clos
ing 'lay of the spring meeting at Overland
Park The total receipts were donated to
the Slaves if the Silver Serpent, the as
sociation which has charge of the spec
tncular features of Denver's annual fes
tival. Results:
Trottlnir— Nellie • sll won In two straleht
heats. Time. : 25. 2:23H- Dazzle, Kvadine.
Dr. Dunleavy, Jos'.e C and • Ben Bolt also
started.
Four and a hnlf furlonjrs— Outlay won. Oreosa
seror.d. B'.lly Heck third. Time. ->-. Fan
rh^r. rhil'-r.ot Pass nd McUleht also ran.
Four furloncs— Knzv won. Oniah Wood see
rr.d. Dif third. Time, :49'i. Sliver Jim and
Blnnch* also ran.
Pevn furlongs — Gold Rue won. Rag's sec
ond. Oldham third. Time. 1:29. Charlemagne,
Royal I.ar.rer and Boodler also ran.
Five furlongs I". F. Flinn won, Sandow sec
ond. Lassio n thtrJ. Time. l:0S. Kltary and
D;id"s ishtei also ran.
Six fiirlonr«— ' iva won. Weird second. En
'•'no third. Time. 1 18. Morven. Flora Hawk.
P.loodhound. Fern-man 11. R. Q. Ban. Race
bud and Commercial Traveler also ran.
WRECKED THE STAND.
Damage Caused hy a Runaway Horse '
on Ellis St -t.
There was an exciting runaway yester
day afternoon on Mason street. A horse
attached to a cart was being driven down
the treet from O'Farrell street, when one
of th*- whr.r>] s dropped off and the animal
v-ont rushing down the hill, after spilling
the driver out upon the cobbles. The way
was c]oar and the frightened animal
headed straight for the I.aneliam saloon.
Just before reaching that point a passing
vehicle caused the runaway to swerve,
and in bo doing he threw the cart Into a :
bfintb'T^k's stand. "Veto." who presides
over the stand, was asleep on one of his
chair? at the me. while a claret-colored ;
glass indicated what had been used to
promote slumber. Veto did not have time
to ike up when the shock came. He
was thrown bodily upon the sidewalk, and
c.v^r I'im was a fine assortment of wreck- i
B re.
Pc- lie at first thought the brr>tblack ;
had ' een killed, for a ruddy stream of
liaufr? started to run from beneath the
r>bri*. This happily proved to be Veto's
Fir'epi producer, the loss of which he :
rnoutfied almost as much as the destruc- I
tion I" t-he stand. The owner of the horse
rfTenli to pay SI.T for the damage, but
Veto Wedded to sue for $25. and he hired
a Iyer to attend to his case before the
red wine had dried on the sidewalk.
A Trolley Ride.
Thl ever.ir.fr Golden Era- Circle, Com- 1
- the Forest of America, having
imodation cars, will enioy |
• . • ■ 'he several electric I
of the Market-street system. The
v will !"' r taken from Second and
treeta to South San Francisco.
Cliff H .use, Ingleside and other
=== '== $ 25.22
Hartford and Vedette Bicycles
COMBINE THE BEST RESULTS OF 22 YEARS EXPERIENCE ,
Our factories comprise the largest bicycle manufacturing plant in the world. We '
have unequaled resources for obtaining material, the best devised automatic machinery,
the most skilled artisans, the greatest output — a combination of advantages which pro-
duces the Standard Bicycles of the world and enables ns to offer them at the lowest
possible {'rices.
ENTIRELY NEW MODELS FOR 1899
Ask any Columbia dealer for Catalogue, or write us direct, enclosing one 2-cent stamp.
Pope Manufacturing Co. 3 " p p s s n t^ T a R ne E , T sco
Up-Town City / gency, I. P. ALLEI^ Proprietor, 1970 Page Street, near Stanyan.
PENNSYLVANIA
OARSMEN WIN
FROM CORNELL
Victors in the Four-
Oared Race.
ROW WITH FASTER STROKE
BEAT THE ITHICANS ALMOST
FROM THE START.
— ♦ —
In the Freshman Eight-Oared Event
Cornell's Crew Finishes in
Front With Plenty to
Spare.
Pneclal Dispatch to The Call.
POT'OHKKErSIE. N. V.. June 26.— The
four-oared race over the two-mile course
to-day was won by Pennsylvania. Time;
11 minutes and 12 seconds. Cornell was
seeon.l. Time, 11 minutes 14 3-5 seconds.
The freshman eight-oared race between
Pennsylvania, Columbia and Cornell over
the two-mile course was won by Cornell.
Time, s minutes 65 seconds. Columbia was
second, one and one-cuarter boat lengths
behind Cornell. Time. 10 minutes. Perm- :
sylvania was third, three boat lengths be- ]
hind Columbia. Time. 10:10.
At the crack of the pistol the two four
oared crews from Cornell and Pennsylva
nia Mok the water together, but the Penn
sylvania stroke started at 36. while tho
Cornell stroke was only 34. The Pennsyl
vania stroke, while not as prettily rowed i
as Cornell's, had much more go in it, and
before the boats had gone ten lengths the
Quakers had showed their boat's nose
ahead of the Ithacana. Cornell had
dropped down to the Courtney stroke of
33 to the minute, and although inch by
inch the Quakers' boat shoved to the
front, they never increased during the i
mile.
At the hridge a collision seemed almost i
imminent. Both crews had steered rather,
badly at the start, angling In toward the.;
shore. Just as they got undo: the shadow
of the great bridge and when Pennsyl
vania had succeeded in obtaining a lead of
almost a shell length, the ferry boat
crossed the river and threw a heavy
swell. Either because tlv^ Pennsylvania
oar who did the steering felt the effect! of j
the swell and turned toward its (■••nter. or ;
else lost his bearings, the ?h>';i turned al
most directly toward Cornell, and to
avoid a seemingly probable collision the
Cornell boat was turned away also, i
Quick as a flash Pennsylvania straight- |
ened oul again, and when they cleared |
the great abuttments it was seen that
Pennsylvania had a lead oxer Cornell of
fully a length and a quarter, there being I
clear water between the boats. From '■
this point of the battle to the finish there i
was little material change, unless it may
have been at the ir^ie and three quarters ■
mark, where Cornell hit the stroke up to
34 and started to close up the ;iap. The !
Quakers, who had been rowing from one :
and a half to two strokes per minute ■
faster than the [thacans all through the i
race, seeing that Cornell was spurting,
whipped their stroke to SP, and crossed ,
the line a winner by one length and a :
half. i
The freshmen's race, which was started |
very promptly after the four-t)ared finish, |
was ore of the closest and most exciting
races seen on the river in years, the Co
lumbia crew giving the Cornell crew a!
sharp and pretty fight for first place and
making phenomena! time, considering the
slowness of their stroke. At the sound
of the pistol the crews got away "in a
bunch." hut at the settling down of the
stroke to the crews' usual style it was
that Cornell had poked the pointed
nose of her shell n few feet ahead of the
line. Fnr the first half mile the struggle
was so exciting that the spectators arose
on the press car and in the observation
train and cheered for each 'Tew. Cor
nell was rowing a long, sweeping stroke
of 34. while Pennsylvania was rowing at
the rate of 35. Columbia was rowing a
phenomenally long stroke— 32 -the wonder
•pf all th*> experts on the train, for the
■ •.■• went along almost as fast as the
-'.ell boat.
Close together the three boats hung, but
there was something about the way the
Cornell boat seemed to glide over the
water that made Columbia and Pennsyl
vania hearts' go down. As the crews
reached the mile mark the Cornell boat I
was about a half length out from the i
bunch. Columbia began to lose after the j
mile wns passed, and soon Cornell had
a lead of a clear length. Pennsylvania
was in the meantime steering erratically ]
at thn mile mark, going out of the course
badly.
Just after passing the point the Penn
sylvania boat seemed to lose power and
dropped rapidly astern as the Columbia
stroke hit it tip to 34 in an endeavor to
close up the gap between Cornell's boat
and theirs. Cornell responded with a
stroke of :>,*.
When the boats crossed the finish line.
Cornell led with a boat and a quarter
length to spare and Pennsylvania was
three boat lengths behind Columbia. The .
time of Cornell was 9:55, not so good as '
that made by Yale in 1*97— 9:19— 0n the I
same course.
Lake View Improvement Club
The owners of property and residents
of the far western quarter overlooking
T,ake Merced and the ocean have organ
ized an improvement club, representing
the interests of that section as well aa
that of Ocean View. < >n>' of the objects
of the new club was made manifest at
its first meeting its objection to tiv;
extension of the pound limits.
In the opposition to giving the pound
man increased jurisdiction, the Ocean
View Improvement Club concurs. As
both are prazlnp localities, the Doundtnan
would work a hardship on the owners
of stock. The nr^-iing was called t <j or
der by M. F. Taylor, president of ?!.<»
Ocean View Improvement Club, who
stated th«» objects of the assemblage,
nft^r which the following officers were
elected: President. O. Amzenhofer: vice
president. J. H. Hamraon; secretary,
James Farrell; treasurer. J. N. Snekler, ,
and serge«nt-at-arms, W. Roper. '
Red Hot Smoker.
This evening ther" will be a preat time
In the hall of Golden West Tent. Kniphts
of the Maccabees, B. B. buildinp. wh"n
there will be Inanpurated a "red hot
smoker." The committee announces a
"crackerjack entertainment" of music.
sonps. jokes, "some new and some not so
new," and a fipht to a finish between
"Jim Jeff Jr." and "Bob Fitz Jr."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1899.
JIM JEFFRIES
TRAVELS WITH
TWO TREASURERS
Thall Has Returned
From the East.
GOSSIP OF THE CHAMPION
WILL BE HERE ON THE SIXTH
OF NEXT MONTH.
Brady Is Having a Play Written for
Him and Swears He Will
Make an Actor of the
Fighter.
Bam Thai] came in on thf> overland last
night, bringing news of the early ap
proach nf "Jim" Jeffries. The champion
will be here July 6. He will remain a
week and then proceed to Los Angeles,
■where he will spend another week,
and th*»n he will return to New York in
time tn start for London on the 27th
prox. Jeffries Is traveling with his own
company. Thall Is ahead, and with the
champion are "Jim" Paly, "Billy" Pe
laney, "Jack" Jvffrie? and two treasur-
ers.
This evening Jeffries Is hooked for
i Omaha; to-morrow evening; for Kansas
City: Friday evening for Denver: July 3,
Pali Lake; July 4. Ogden; and then he will
come here direct. At Ogden he Is booked
to umpire two games of ball and he will
box on the field after each same. In the
morninp he will box with "Jim" Daily;
in the afternoon with his brother "Jack."
"Jeffries "ill meet Sharkey 1n October."
said ThnH last night. "The light will be
or. the 23d and U?fore the Coney Island
or the Lenox club in New York. Brady. .
representing the Coney Island Club, has
already offered a purse of $50,000. Jef
frlis says he does not care if Sharkey
considers himself champion. He regards
it only aa a bluff. The hip fellow will
irive several exhibitions here and one in
I,os Angeles, but he must be In London
before August. He will put In a week
there Rt the Alhambra or the Folles Ber
peres. in Paris.
"The viti'srnph was a failure. There
was not light enough In the pavilion, so
we lost the pictures. There is a report
this morning that says J< ffrie« lias pur
chased a place on Broadway. New York.
It is not so. Tie has not made a purchase
of that kind In Xew York. Billy Brady is
having a play written for the champion.
Charley Vincent is doinp the writing and.
he and Brady nre now working: on it. They
are pointr to call it 'Th^ Rouph Riders.'
nnd Bradv swears he will make an actor
out of Jeffries before he is done with him.
The play will not be put on until after
Jeffries is finished with Shark^y."
Thnll saw McCoy in Denver. He says
h<> Is feelinp bad and looking worse. Jef
fries, he says. may give him a chance
after h» Is done with Sharkey. There is
no talk there of any McCoy-Choynskl
fipht. In New York they are nulling for a
fipht between Corbett and Fitzsimmons.
to be held next winter, and Thall thinks ;
It will come "ff. I
DEATH OF AN EX-SENATOR.
Timothy McCarthy Passes Away Full
of Years and Honors.
"Ex-Senator Timothy McCarthy, who
died Sunday night at the residence of his
j sister. Mrs. .1. N. Driscoll. fi22 Willow ave
nue, has been so Ions: and so favorably
; known in this community that his demise
j will be looked upon by the large number
of those who knew him well as a personal
calamity.
Senator McCarthy came to this State In
'68 from New York, his native city, where
his father was a large builder and con
; tractor and an influential member of the
local Democratic party. Senator McCar
thy, who had been educated in the busi-
I ness of his parent, at first interested
himself in the building trade here. But
i taking naturally to politics, it was not
long before h»: had become a powe; in
municipal matters and was elected to the
position of Supervisor, which place he
filled twice, only relinquishing the office
to serve two terms in the State Senate.
Though Senator McCarthy's life had
been passed almost entirely in a political
atmosphere, yet such was the rectitude of
his character that even his most bitter
political opponents never attempted to
attribute any but the purest motives to
any of his acts.
He was the friend of such men as Stan
: ford and Hearst, who listened to and ac
knowledged the wisdom of his councils,
though they were often forced to follow
1 a different prith.
With, all the organizations of his day
; Senator McCarthy was hand in glove, and
1 there are still left a few of the old timers
who can recall the nights when " 'Mac'
| ran with the old machin'."
Though Senator McCarthy had oppor-
J tunities that would have made a less
scrupulous man many times a millionaire
i he leaves but a comparatively small for-
I tune, which will be divided among his sur
viving children, a married daughter and
two sons.
Mass will be celebrated and the funeral
will take place from St. Mary's Cathedral
on Thursday morning at 10 o'clock.
■ o ■
Yesterday's Insolvent
John A. Crough. pork packer. San Fran
cisco: liabilities $823 if. no assets.
■ ♦ ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
WHIMSICAL WIT
AND GAY FANTASY
OF LADY URSULA
Audacious Essay in j
Romantic Comedy.
COULD IT BE A SATIRE?
HOPE'S MALE IMPERSONATOR A
FIGHTING ROSALIND:
A Uniquely Clever Play Handsomely
Produced in Spite of Nervous
ness in the Miller
Company.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
Anthony Hope's trust in our trust
fulness is audacious to say the least.
Here in "The Adventure of "Lady Ur
sula," which Henry Miller and his com
pany played in the Columbia Theater
last night, he takes it for granted that
we will believe that the heroine of the
play, who dresses up In her younger
brother's clothes, makes the hero be
lieve that she 'believes that he takes
•her for a man through the better part
of two full-sized acts. Audacity is
hardly the name for it. It is simply
the summit of darodevllment. And yet,
in a way. It wins.
You find yourself getting mightily
Interested in the affairs of this young
Lady Ursula. She 110007-00? ;.« real a
creation as the star heroine of your
fairy tale day?. You hear about her
feigning a swoon at the door <>f Sir
George Sylvester's house, just because
he has vowed that no woman shall
cross the threshold; you hear, from her
"\vn lips, that Sir George was equal to
the ruse and politely offered her the
shelter of his porter's lodge, and that
her brother, on finding this out. sends
a speedy challenge to Sir George, whivh
is accepted. And then her brother,
Lord Hassenden, enters the scene him
self and h'-jips no end of acid re
proaches on the head of his sister when
she explains that the whole thing came
about through a wager of hers with
his betrothed that a woman would suc
ceed in entering Sir George's house.
Now the fun commences in real earn
est, for gentle Ursula dons the breeches
of the free-legged sex and beards the
lion in his den. Sir George has been a
deadly duelist, and she fears for her
brother's life. Artfully she plies a
•woman's wit, explains the reckless
wager, and in the guise of a loving
younger brother paints a glowing pic
ture of the sister Ursula, and finally in
duces Sir George to call the fight off.
Here the complications commence, for
Sir George is at opce for being con
ducted by his guest to her peppery
brother and to her sister. If not the
guest has the alternative of putting in
th» night at Sir George's. Honors!
Thp be-trousered Lady Ursula takes
the first choice, and while Sir George
is making ready for the journey slips
out into the night and off for London
town ti> her brother's quarters. Here
she encounters a band of noisy blades,
full of punch and tight, and soon the
masquerading maiden is about to par
ticipate in a bloody duel because, by
Gad. sir! she will not admit that the
Lady Ursula has the squints. EnLer
Sir George, who parts the hostilities in
the middle by claiming a previous en
gagement with the young stranger.
She choses pistols, one loaded, the other
empty; distance, across the table. They
take ' their positions. "One! two!"
drones the master of ceremonies. And
then Sir George calls a halt and refuses
to fight. "When the company.retires he
makes many pretty speeches to her and
bids her carry tender messages to
Ursula. And perhaps this handker
chief that bears Ursula's name and
was somehow or other discovered in his
house— perhaps, says Sir George, she
will once again invade his monastery
and bring it with her.
Sure enough, the next act finds her
at Sir George's, handkerchief in hand,
and her fighting brother in hot pursuit.
But explanations are given and taken
and all ends with nothing more serious
than the promise of a wedding.
Now set up in the quick type that
follows a performance that gives out at
something like half -past eleven o'clock,
this may read like the argument of a
comic cpera. But "The Adventure of
Lady Ursula" is not a comic opera. It
may be — way down deep— a satire on
the romantic drama of the day, but
on my soul it Is- not a comic opera, nor
even a farce. It is a transparent, light
waisted adventure into playwriting,
and a cleverly fantastical play. While
it is going an you want to believe in it,
you try with all the good nature that
In in you, and lots of the time you suc
ceed. It is only after the last curtain
is down that you realize just how much
you have fooled yourself. Yuu might
as well try to take Rosalind seriously
as Ursula, who is a matter of picture
and poetry. Indeed. I may say with all
modesty that Mr. Hope, for all that he
affects the sturdy prose of to-day,
comes very near to being Shakespear
ean at times. The spirit of his work is
certainly Shakespearean. This Is not
a novel spirit, but it is one that is sel
dom dealt with successfully. The con
versation is witty in that whimsical
way of Hope's; the action, after the
first act of explanation, is vigorous; the
situations clinch in a very workmanlike
fashion for a fellow's first play; and the
eighteenth century atmosphe; > is serv
ed up with elegance and beauty.
There were waits and hitches in last
night's performance, but not enough to
conceal the excellence of Mr. Miller's
production— only enough to show that
the quick assimilation practiced by our
local weekly change of bill companies
does net come readily to actors who are
accustomed to long runs and plenty of
rehearsals. The faults were not vital,
however, and there is no reason why
they should exist after to-night or the
next, night. I cannot recall a single
part that is really miscast, and there
are several notable instances of indi
vidual excellence. Mr. Miller has a
princely part in Sir George, and
even with the occasional touches
of nervousness and insecurity that
marked his performance last night,
he was in my opinion, much more for
tunate than in "The Liars." Those
strenuous qualities of his that show
him at his best are brought into fre
quent play and he is always a picture
in deportment and an adept in what I
may call elocutionary tact.
In a part that is quite as difficult as
that of Rosalind— more difficult in fact
when you realize that it has not the
tr^nipndons assistance of musical verse
- Mips Anglin was the superlative of
herself. Her work was distinguished
y delicacy, fragrance and an exquis
ite sense of humor. Mr. Morgan pre
sented a boldly outlined Lord Hsssen
den, splendid in its r.-mission of trick
heroics. Tt is a warmly human bit of
work. Mrs. Whiffen, Miss Burton. Mr.
Walcot and Mr. Adlem.in gave ad
mirable performances. The stage set
tings are in themselves a subject for
applause.
Alcazar.
"Frederick the Great." (he historical
comedy by George Foster Platt. was the
attraction at the Alcazar last nipht, and
it drew a crowded house. It met with
ready favor when presented by Mr. Lewis
I Morrison and his talented wife last sum-
I mer at this theater, and they were warmly
applauded last ni^ht. receiving several
' curtain calls. At the end of the second
■ act the stape looked like a florist* store
Mr. Morrison #ives a fine representation
lof the old warrior in his changeable
! moods, and his wife is oharmiiiK as I. a
i Barbarina. the character being: admirably
1 suited to her winninp personality. White
1 Whlttlesey as Baron yon Trenck with his
handsome sta^c presence made a capable
lover, and Howard Scott as Voitaire had
1 a chance to display his versatility, (Jeorfi.
--; Foster Platt as Lieutenant Hulsen. George
Webster ;*s General Hulsen and Clarence
Montaine as Maupertuis were good. Miss
I Virginia I>r< w was the Queen Consort,
I Miss Ida Banning the Princess Amelia
and Miss Marie Howe Countess Swartz
feld. The play is well mounted.
Orpheum.
The three new turns at the Orpheum
come in a bunch at the tall end of the
programme and are all received with good
favor by the crowd. The J'asqualis (Mr
and Mrs.), aided by local Mr. Abramoff
are the best of the lot in the prison scene
from "Faust." The town has had an over
dose of opera these last few months, so
the value of thin act may fairly be meas
ured by the applause that follows it
Twice was the big trio redemanded. Billle
and Willie Farrnll nre a team of colored
cakewalkers. Willie is a female. Their
singing doesn't amount to much, but their
dancing Is brisk and unusual. The Four
O*Learys, minus two, do some wild and
spectacular feats in tumbling. They are
a winning card. Francesca Redding has
a new sketch that shows her off to much
better advantage than the one of last
week, and the Aliases Melville and Stetson,
too, seoni to have found happier material
for the Becond week. Altogether tue show
is more Orpheumlike than it has been in
some little timo.
Grand Opera-House. •
. Perssp as "Mylea Na Cnppaleen" was the
leading figure in "The Lily of Killainey"
at the Grand Opera-house last night. It
fell to his lot to sing the best music in
the opera and that was the songs that
did not belong to it. namely: such old
favorites as "The Cruiskheen Lawn,'
"The Low-Backed Car" and "Believe Me
I Tf All Thoso Endearing Young Charms "
The hit of the oprra was "The Minstrel
Boy" by Hattie Belle Ladd as •Yin
Chute. Bertha Ricei as Mrs. Cregfln
Persse as Myles and W. Ooff. as Corrijyan!
All those gems, redolent of the old sod
were encored again and again. Edith
Mason made an attractive Eily O'Connor
and William Wolff as Da'jiny Mann
played the devoted villain to the life. But
the" brogue! Oh! it was awful: And
there was lack of local coloring when
half a dozen Sicilian bandits came upr.n
the stage with bits of flexible hose lor
blackthorns.
Tivoli.
"Orphans and Eurydice" was revived
for three performances in the Tivoli last
night, with the same cast that figured in
the piece several weeks ago. It is, as be
fore, a creditable production. On Thurs
day night the great Irish opera. "Shamus
O'Brien" takes the stage, with O'Sullivan
in his original creation of Shamus.
The Chutes.
At the Chutes Theater Ada Cosgrove, a
London Music Hall singer, made a hit
with her child impersonations and re
sponded* to four recalls. Armstrong and
O'Neill, an athletic trio, pave an amus
ing sketch. "Fun in a Club"; Mac Tunt
son sang pome pleasing soprano solos and
the La Kose brothers, comedy acrobats.
ADVEBTIbEMENTS.
NOFAITHCURE
About Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
They Cure Stomach Iroubles and Indiges-
tion, Anyway, Whether You Have
Faith in Them or Not.
All physicians aprree that 'the element of
faith has a great deal to do in the cure
of disease.
Firm belief and confidence in a family
physician or the same confidence and
faith in a patent medicine have produced
rpmarkaHe cures In all aprcs.
This is especially true in nervous trou-
bles, and no field offers so prolific a har-
vest for thp quack and charlatan as the
rllseasps arisinp from a weak or run-down
nervous system.
Nevertheless, the most common of all
diseases, indigestion and stomach trou-
bles, which in turn cause nervous dis-
eases, heart troubles, consumption, and
loss of flesh, require something besides
faith to cure.
Mnrf faith will not dipest your food for
you, will not give you an Rppetitp. will
not increase your flesh and strengthen
your nprves ami hpart. hut Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets will flo thpse thlnps. he-
rn use they arp compospd of thp elements
of digestion: they contain the .iuicps. arid';
and peptones necessary to thp digestion
and assimilation of all wholpsome food.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
food if placed in a Jar or bottle in water
heated to OS degree^, and they will do it
much more effectively when taken into
the stomach after menls. whether you
have faith that they will or not.
They invigorate the stomach, make pure
blood and strong nerves In tho only way
that nature can do it. and that is from
plenty of wholesome fond well digested.
It is not what we eat but what we digest
that does us pood.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet? are sold by
druggists at 50 cents for full-sized pack-
ape.
Little book on cause and euro of stom-
ach troubles mailed free by addressing F.
A. Stuart Co., Marshall. Midi.
DANGER IN SODA.
Serious Results Sometimes Follow Its
Excessive Use.
Common soda is all right in Its place.
nnd indispensable in the kitchen and for
cooking and washing purposes, but It was
never intended for a medicine, and people
i who use it as such will some day regret it.
We refer to the common use of soda to
j relieve heartburn or sour stomach, a habit
which thousands of people practice almost
daily and one which is fraught with dan-
j per; moreover, the soda only gives fm-
| porary relief and in the end the stomach
trouble is worse and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical irritant
l to the walls of the stom.'ich and bowels,
and cases are on record where it aecumu-
. lated in the intestines, causing death by
Inflammation or peritonitis.
Dr. Harlanson recommends as the saf-
; est and surest cure for sour stomach
(acid dyspepsia! an excellent preparation
! sold by druggists under the name of Stu-
art's "Dyspepsia Tablets. These tablets
are large, twenty-grain lozenges, very
! pleasant to taste, and contain the natural
acids peptones and digestive elements es-
i sential to good digestion, and when taken
' after meals they digest the food perfectly
i and promptly before It has had time to
, ferment, sour and poison the blood and
' nervous system.
Pr Wuerth rtates that he Invariably
! uses Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in all
I rases of stomach derangements, and finds
I them a certain cure, not only for sour
stomach but. by promotlv digesting the
I food, they create a healthy appetite, in-
crease flesh and strengthen the action of
the heart and liver. They are not a ca-
thartic, but intended only for stomach
i diseases and weakness, and will be found
reliable in any stomach trouble except
cancer of the stomach..
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
' Tablets at SO cents per package.
A little book describing all forms of
stomach weakness and their cure mailed
I free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
j shall, Mich.
ONLY ONE WAY
To Purify the Blood. Increase Flesh
and Strength and to Cure
Indigestion.
SECRET PATENT MEDICINES
WILL NOT DO IT.
There Is a Simpler and Better Way.
There Is only one way to purify the
blood, only one way to Increase flesh, and
that Is through the stomsVh and digestive
organs. Why? Because t^f* stomach and
digestive organs make blc-fid and flesh,
bone, nerves, and sinew. Did you ever see
a person blessed with a healthy, vigorous
Stomach and digestion who had impure
blood, muddy, sallow complexion, or who
had weak nerv*es, sleepless nights and the
thousand and om» pains and aches arising
from poor digestion? No, because perfect
digestion converts the fnod eaten into
pure blood, strong nerves and muscles,
and all the flesh a person needs to have
for health, symmetry anu beauty.
Every person knows whether or not his
or her digestion is what it should be, but
every person does not know what is the
safest and hest way to secure and pre-
serve a healthy condition of the digestive
organs. Tt is not done by the use of any
wonderful secret patent medicine, but by
the use of certain harmless digestive prin-
i-ipl^s. Which, taken at meals, w:ill digest
the food anyway, regardless of the weak
condition of the stomach.
Dr. Brooks recommends a combination
of vegetable essences, fruit salts, pure
asceptic pepsin and Golden Seal, prepared
in convenient tablet form, and sold by
druggists everywhere under the name of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
These pleasant tasting tablets are to be
dissolved In the mouth after each meal,
and, mingling with the four! in the stom-
ach, digest it perfectly. There is nothing
wonderful about this. Any physician or
chemist knows that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will do this because repeatedly
tested and proved, and thousands of cured
dyspeptics have found it to be true also.
Dr. Harlandson states that these tablets
Increase flesh because they digest flesh-
forming food like eggs, meat, and ordi-
nary everyday food: for the same reason
they purify the blood and strengthen
weak nerves. In no other way can it be
done, because flesh, blood and nerves are
obtained from the food we eat.
Dr. Jennison once stated that he be-
lieved a 80-cent package of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets would give more real bene-
fit that fifty dollars' worth of ordinary
doctor's fees.
These tablets can be found at any drug
store.
gave a break-neck exhibition. The new
moving pictures were interesting and the
rest of the bill good.
Olympia.
The Kelsings made their first appear
ance at the Olympla last night and were
the recipients nf bouquets and applause
without end. From an artistic standpoint",
however. Querita Vincent was the hit of
the bill. Her coon sonps md swagger
costumes caught the crowd.
Farewell to the Lambardis.
The Lambardl Italian Opera Company
will give two farewell performances at
the California Theater to-night, when "II
Trovatore" will be sung, and to-morrow
evening, when "Manon Lescaut" will be
produced. The advance sale is large.
ARE YCU THIN?
Do You Want to Become FleshyP
A FEW SIMPLE RULES.
Flesh and No! Fat Is What Is Needed
What thin people want is flesh, and not
fat. To be symmetrical and properly pro-
portioned every person should havr a cer-
tain amount of flesh. To be plump does
not necessarily mean to he fat. F;it is un-
desirable; it clogrs and retards the action
of every muscle, interferes with the
healthy action of the heart and limps, and
when excessive predisposes to fatty de-
generation of vital organs, to say nothing
of the discomfort, more or less, resulting
from excosslve adipose tissue.
Common sense would suggest that if one
wishes to become fleshy and plump, the
thing: most needed would be flesh-forming
foods: in other words, albuminous foods
like eggs, beef, oatmeal, etc. The kin. ls
of food that make flesh are the foods that
form the greater part of our dally bill of
fare.
Now, the only reason so many people
remain thin is because their stomachs do
not properly and completely digest and
assimilate the llesh-forming beefsteak and
eggs we eat every day.
There are thousands of such people, and
they are really dyspeptic, although they
may not suffer any particular pain
or inconvenience from their stomachs. Tf
such persons would tak<\ with their
meals, some preparation like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, the food would be
quickly digested, and the proper degree of
plumpness very soon secured, because
these tablets are prepared exactly for
that purpose. They Will digest every va-
riety of flesh-forming fond, which Is tho
sole reason why they s.i quickly build up
and strengthen thin, dyspeptic m"n and
women.
Stuart's Dyspe- ia Tablets cure dyspep-
sia anrl every form of indigestion on thin
common sense plan, that they digest the
food promptly, Riving strength to every
nerve and organ of the body, while at the
same time the stomach has a chance tr>
rest and recover its natural vi<~or. Noth-
ing further is required to cure any stom-
ach trouble, or to make thin, dyspeptic
people strong, plump and welL
This excellent preparation is manufac-
tured by F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall.
Mich., and sold by druggists everywhere
at 50 cents per nackago.
FREE TO MILLIONS.
A Valuable Little Book Sent Free for
the Asking.
Medical books are not always Interest-
Ing reading, especially to people enjoying 1
good health, but, as a matter of tact.
scarcely one person in ten is perfectly
healthy, and even with such sooner or lat-
er sickness must come.
It '« also a weli-ostablished truth that
' nine-tenths of all diseases orif -ate with
I a breaking down of the digestion: a weak
I stomach weaker-* and Impoverishes the
i system, making It easy for disease to gain
i a foothold.
Nobody need fe:.r consumption, kidney
disease, liver trouble or • weak heart and
nervous system as long as the digestion is
good and thf> stomach able to assimilate
plenty of wholesome food.
Stomach weakness shows itself in a
scure df ways, and this little book de-
scribes the symptoms and causes and
points the way to cure so simple that any
one can understand and apply.
Thousands have some form of stomach
trouble and do not know if. They ascribe
the headache, the languor, nervousness,
insomnia, palpitation, constipation, and
similar symptoms to some other cause
than the true one. Get your digestion on
the right track and the heart trouble,
lung trouble, liver disease, or nervous de-
bility will rapidly disappear.
This little book treats entirely on the
cause and removal of indigestion and its
accompanying annoyances.
It describes the symptoms of Acid Dys-
pepsia. Nervous Dyspepsia. Slow Dyspep-
sia, Amylaceous Dyspepsia. Catarrh of
the Stomach, and all afflictions of the di-
gestive organs in plain language, easily
understood, and the cause removed.
Tt givs valuable sueerestions as to diet,
and contains a table giving length of tims
required to digest various articles of food,
something every person with weak diges-
tion should know.
No price is asked, but simpl- send your
name and address, plainly written on
postal card, to F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall.
Mich., requesting a little book on Stomach
Diseases, nnd it ..ill be promptly sent by
return mail.
§ Dogs v Jyspepsia §
jZ' They do not have Dyspepsia £^f
]^J because the stomach of a dcg JSI
3jgjC secretes six times as much pepsin
f^jj and twice as much hydrochloric Kg*
]?3 acid as the stomach of a man. j^l
5 STUART'S §
§ DYSPEPSIA §
2 TABLETS S
t&x have cured thousands of men and s^
23 women of Dyspepsia and Indigestion r^»
Bfcv because they'supplv what every weak
Z2I stomacli lacks: Hydrochloric and r^
lactic acids, pure aseptic pepsin, gin-
23 ger and Golden Seal to Increase the J^
W^ secretion of eastrlc juices. They cure <fei
Nervous • Dyspepsia. Sour Stomach, r^
w*l Gas and Fermentation. Biliousness, Wfe
gCj Constipation or any form of weak r^*
afci| digestion.
fc* FULL SIZED PACKAGES 50c AT DRUGGISTS, (g!
address; Ct'
§ F. A. STUART CO., Marshall,' Mich,
fef t for free book on stomach troubles.
Democratic League Meeting.
The Thirty-eighth Assembly District
Municipal League held a well-attended
meeting last night at Powers Hall, Pierce
street, near Turk. Chairman Bert Schles
inger appointed a committee of five on
membership, consisting of P^ugene Mc-
Fadden, William Green, Maurice Living
stone, James Powers and John O'Keefe
Charles S. Casassa and Fred Peterson
were added to the committee on resolu
tions. Thirty new members signed the
roil, which now numbers 120.
Addresses on the political issues were
made by Judge H. S. Foote and others,
in which party organization was strongly
urged. The meeting adjourned to Thurs
day, July 6. at the same place.
Ladies 1 tallor-marte suits, fur capes, cloak*
Credit. M. Rothschild, 324 Post St.
56
TUESDAY. JUNE 27, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Term s by Mull, Including Postage:
PAII-T CALL (Including; Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL i Including Sunday Call). I months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month OHc
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1 - 5 °
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 - 0 °
All postmasters are authorized to receive FUbecrlptlons.
Sample* copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astor Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay. j
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street. open until
£.30 o'clock- ; 39 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- $291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- ,
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Adventure of Lady Ursula."
Orpneum— Vaudeville)
AVaz.i! •—■•Frederick the Great."
• Grand Oiiera House— "The Lily of KlUarney."
Tivoli— "Orpheus and Eurydice." »
Chutes, Z>oo and Free Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama ■ ■.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
■ .- Sutro Swimming Races, etc.
j ....
AUCTION SALES.
■ ' . By Chase a Mendenhall— This day at 11 o'clock, Carriages,
Robe b" .and Harnosts, at 20 McAllister street.
A VICTORY FOR THE PUBLIC.
WITH the full satisfaction resulting from the con
-3s of victory achieved for the public
welfare after a hard-fought contest, The Call
tes the people of San Francisco upon the
the long controversy over the
•'corkscrew" franchise.
'] ■ the franchise upon the terms re
:pori : the committee, and these are exactly the
• which The Call has contended. There was
ftp compromise on a single issue. It was a clear,
■:\ -cut victory for the municipality against the
ning and the aggressive greed of the monopoly.
■ ■'..'■. The preservation of the rights of the public was not
■nod without a fight The struggle over the Du
et loop resulted in the defeat of that part cf
.- the monopoly scheme.
.'.'. An important part of the victory is the concession
won from the Market-street Company that the fran
>. ing offered for sale under the law of 1897 the
. .company agrees to bid at least the minimum percent-
: the gn.-s receipts a- required by the new
This concession is also a part of the issue
: as made up by The Call, for as was stated yesterday:
' It Was insisted by The Call, which merely expressed
sound public opinion in an intelligible way, that unless
i.i'l: -;■ isable no new franchise whatever should be
nted to-the Market L strcet consolidation until the
. : - v . harter. became operative."
: terests of business men and others who
■ ! railway facilities, it is well the desired
c should be offered for sale at once under the
." but. as will be seen the terms require the
treet Company to bid for it under some, at
•■. of the provisions of the new charter.
"i : . Issue is now satisfactorily settled. The fight
for the-people as made by The Call has been won at
every point, and the contested franchise, instead of
being an injury, will prove a benefit to the community.
THE DEWEY MONUMENT FUND.
y: "CONTRIBUTIONS to the Dewey monument
•i\ .'■■.:'■■ fund for the week ending last Friday amounted
. .v*<^ .to the hahdosme total of $2700. Two of the sub
scriptions are for $500 each, two for $250 each and
twelve for $100 each. The aggregate of the subscrip
tions to the date of the last report is $32,419, or very
nearly one-third of the sum required to erect the
monument upon the scale desired.
Up to this time the contributions have come almost
exclusively from San Francisco. That was to be ex
pected, and it is right it should be so, for the move
ment had its origin in this city, and while it aims tc
provide a monument which shall represent the senti
ment of nil California, San Francisco must, of course
take the lead in providing the necessary funds.
Now that there has been subscribed in the city a
sum sufficient to assure the speedy success of the en
terprise contributions from other sections of the State
may be confidently looked for. Communications pub
lished in The Call from day to day during the past
week from Mayors of various cities give ample evi
dence of the favor with which the patriotic and artis
tic enterprise is regarded. The approval of the pro
ject is, in fact, well nigh universal, and when the whole
of the desired $100,000 has been raised it will be found
■ that the contributions have come from all parts of the
State and from all classes of the people.
. It is not desirable that the fund should be raised
by large contributions only. The monument is to rep
resent the appreciation a great people have of a great
victory which has vastly increased the prestige of
their country, and therefore the contributions to it
should include the dollar of the workingman as well
as the larger but not more loyal or more liberal gift
of the capitalist.
Nearly one-third of the sum needed is now sub
scribed. This week will add another notable amount
to the increasing sum. California will show forth the
patriotism of her people. Dewey shall have his monu
ment.
The Czar's Peace Conference is trying to deter
mine what will be the exact status of men who drop
wounded into the sea during a battle. The learned
diplomats might at least consider the condition of
such unfortunates as dangerous.
The New York woman who died begging for a pint
of beer evidently anticipated a sizzling reception on
the other side of death's river.
REPUDIATED DEMOCRATIC TRUST.
THE Democratic Committee of One Hundred
was an original trust, invented and supported
' by the Examiner. Its theory w.as the substitu
tion of one-man power for the representative prin
ciple, regarded as fundamental in our American insti
tutions. This was and is the predominant character
istic of Mr. J. D. Phelan, who, while catering
with a certain degree of raw skill to special interests
in his search for popularity and influence, has unerr
ingly disregarded the underlying conception of gov
ernment for and by and of the people.
This party anachronism was the Democratic ma
chine in the last campaign. Produced and fondled
by the Examiner, while catering to the socialistic ele
ments of our population, it was supposed to incarnate
all the virtues attributed sometimes to aristocracies.
The unity from which its appointment proceeded gave
to it a tinge of imperialism. But the lofty and ab
stract independence of its members and their intense
egotism in their pretentious role of political reform
ers raised them to such a height of sublimity that
ordinary Democratic voters gazed upon them with
an awe that was only matched by their determina
tion to pull them down from their pedestal, inscribed
with the blended names of the Examiner and of Mr.
Phelan.
They appointed the Democratic Municipal Conven
tion, and, on the present authority of the Examiner,
had about a quarter of their own number nominated
for office, with the result that, while Mr. Phelan was
saved by the skin of his teeth and by sacrificing every
one else for himself, the ticket and the fusion it rep
resented were literally slaughtered at the polls.
But the Committee of One Hundred, the Exam
iner and Mr. J. D. Phelan survived. Like the fossil
ized Democrats of Kentucky, they actually announce
their own existence. But what a change in yieir
mutual relations has been revealed! It seems that,
while the Republicans, who are perpetually assailed
by the Examiner as the supporters of every form of
injurious monopoly, have been struggling, and with
a fair prospect of success, for such a thoroughly popu
lar representation of respectability, intelligence and
influence in their municipal convention as could not
fail to command public approval, the Democratic Com
mittee of One Hundred has not only formalized its
rule of self-perpetuation but has determined to reduce
its relations to the masses to the simplest and most
avowed mode of political bossism.
It is of course understood that each member of the
Committee of One Hundred is a candidate in waiting.
If the Examiner's suggestion be accepted and a reso
lution of non-candidacy be adopted, that can be easily
handled by the continuance of last year's policy and
a succession of resignations may be anticipated. But
a Campaign Committee of Twenty has also been ap- \
pointed, so that the power of control may be further j
concentrated, and they are to constitute an active
oligarchy within or on behalf of the aristocratic hun
dred. This simultaneous contraction and expansion,
however, appears to be only a part of the game. As
a great many clubs have been organized in the
eighteen Assembly districts, each presumptively an
exponent of Mr. Phelan's inordinate ambition, the
plan of autocratic government might fail, unless a
mode of natural or unnatural selection were adopted.
Mr. J. D. Maxwell hit the nail on the head. He pro
poses that the Campaign Committee designate what
the Examiner calls '"an authentic club," but what the
inventor of the scheme and his associates described as
'"an official club," which should bear the stamp of
aristocratic indofsement within each Asembly dis- 1
trict.
The simplicity of Mr. Maxwell's plan and its adap
tation to the scheme of political management for
which the Examiner and Mr. Phelan are mutually
responsible certainly commend it to the favorable
consideration of the fusion or Phelan Democracy.
But there are some obstreperous Democrats who have
the audacity to demand the election of a Democratic
municipal convention "by primary precincts," instead
of through the more easily handled Assembly dis
tricts. A Mr. Larry Conlan. who has been known
as the physical leader of the resuscitated blind boss
who so long guided the local Democracy by a string,
is actually malignant in his assertion of the superiority
of the Democrats of Minna, Stevenson, Jessie and
Rrannan streets to the specialized associates of Mr.
Maxwell.
There is certainly a very pretty Democratic or fu
sion quarrel actually raging. Quiet Republicans,
watchful within their own party, can look on with
equanimity. But the tattitude of the Examiner excites
general interest. Why, like Saturn, does it seek to
devour its own offspring? Why does it now practi
cally assail the system it inaugurated? What is the
real milk in this new cocoanut? Have the Examiner
and Mr. Phelan been divorced and has the bond or
their union been violently disrupted or are they both
in the revolutionary movement of which Mr. Larry
Conlan is a forcible interpreter? These are questions
tc which answers will have to be made, although
probably too late to serve any purpose beyond the
gratification of curiosity.
The proceedings of to-night will be observed with- ,
out enthusiasm but with a certain languid interest.
It really appears that the Examiner is about to cease
from its assumed vocation as a factor in Democratic
aft airs.
THE DOLLAR LIMIT PLEDGE.
rROM the extent to which the estimates of the
various departments of the city and county ;
government exceed for the fiscal year those of
the last one it is evident the Supervisors will have to
exercise no little courage to stand by their pledges to
the people an<l restrict the taxation to nn amount not
j exceeding $1 upon an assessed valuation of $350,
--000,000.
A detailed review of the subject given in The Call
of Sunday shows that the increase in the estimates
of the coming year are: For the schools, $59,420; for
streets, $212,130; for Golden Gate Park, $102,000; for ,
the Sheriff's office, $97,720; for the City and Comity
Hospital, $35,000; for fire alarm telegraph, $59,350;
for the County Clerk's office, $17,000. These do not
represent all the increase the estimates will call for,
as it is fairly certain that in some departments, that
j of health for example, there will be a request for ad- !
ditional allowances.
In the aggregate the estimates, as stated, show an j
increase of $582,800 over those of the present year.
There is, however, a deduction to be made for the
decrease in the estimates for elections, which are
$106,100 less than those of last year. Making that de
duction, the net increase in the estimates reaches the
sum of $476,700, an amount which constitutes a con
j siderable percentage upon the total revenues of the
I cit y-
To raise the amount of money required for the esti- \
mates of last year there was imposed a tax of $1.31.20
on a valuation of $350,000,000. That is to say, to meet
estimates much lower than those now made it was ,
necessary last year to impose a rate. of taxation about
25 per cent higher than the one to which the Mayor
and the Supervisors are pledged. To accomplish the
work of the municipality upon the basis proposed will i
require therefore a strict and sagacious economy, but
THE SAX rKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JUKE 27, 1899.
by the exercise of that economy it can be accom
plished.
The dollar limit of taxation levied upon an assess
ment not to exceed $350,000,000 has long been desired
in San Francisco. In the last campaign all parties
pledged their candidates to uphold the desired rate
and oppose any attempt to fix a higher one. Accord
ingly the Mayor and the Supervisors, no matter by
what party elected, are now equally bound to fix the
tax rate at a sum not exceeding that amount. The
pledges made in the campaign have since been re
newed by the Mayor and a majority of the Supervi
sors in interviews with The Call. The public, there
fore, has a right to expect them to grapple earnestly
with the problem before them, to stand firm for the
welfare of the people and uphold their own repeated
assurances that the city can be well and efficiently
administered with a tax rate not exceeding the amount
named.
THE NEW FRENCH CABINET.
rRANCE has safely passed the crisis brought
about by the resignation of the Dupuy Minis
try and a new Cabinet has taken office and as
sumed the responsibility of directing the affairs of the
country during the turmoil expected to result from
the arrival of Dreyfus to undergo a new trial.
The crisis was probably by no means so great as it
appeared from the reports. In France, as in every
other country, there is a large body of citizens who
care very little about the struggles of politicians, and
who do not get excited whenever one set of officials
go out of office to make way for another set. More
over, a Ministerial crisis in France is not a serious
affair. Since the present Chamber of Deputies was
elected, a year ago last May, three Premiers have
been compelled to resign, and on ea,ch occasion there
was great excitement in official circles and no disturb
ance at all among the people. The new Cabinet will
probably hold its own for about six months. Then
there will be another flurry among the Deputies,
another crisis and another Cabinet.
The inability of any Premier to hold office very
loi.g is due to the fact that no party has a clear
majority in the Chamber of Deputies. Each succes
sive aspirant for the office has, therefore, to organize
a fusion party to enable him to form a Cabinet. Fu
sions, however, are never durable. The leaders of
each faction entering such combinations expect' to
derive profit from them, and when the new Premier
has finished the distribution of offices, trouble begins.
The disappointed members of the fusion fall away
from him and begin to fuse with the opposition, and
some fine day the Premier finds he has no longer a
majority at his back and has to step down and out.
All these storms and changes in officialdom have
no more effect upon the real government of France
than winds and waves have upon the great movements
of the sea. They make a noisy commotion on the sur
face of things, but the undercurrent of administration
is not disturbed. Taxes are collected regularly, the
army, navy, judiciary and all branches of civil service
are maintained, the police continue to make arrests,
and government goes very much as if there had been
no crisis at all.
Everybody will wish the new Premier, M. Waldeck-
Rousseau, success. He has a pretty goo.'d mouth-fill
ing name and his reputation as a patriot statesman is
high. He merits all the congratulations that will be
given him on his accession to power, and when along
about Christmas time his turn comes to give way to a
crisis he will be again deserving of congratulations
on his relief from the burdens of government in time
to enjoy the holidays.
ELECTRIC COHESION.
'HJXPERIMENTS recently made at the Royal
Institute in London by Professor Oliver Lodge
— * are reported to have completely demonstrated
that the passage of an electric current through
smoke, fog or mist will cause the particles of mois
ture or of smoke to precipitate, or "cohere," and fall
to the earth. The experiment at the institute lecture
was made with magnesium smoke. Such fumes re
quire ordinarily a long time to disperse, but it" is
said that as soon as a charge of electricity was sent
through the jar in which they were confined the air
began to clear at once, the smoke particles uniting
and falling in the form of a white snow of magnesia.
The explanation of the phenomenon is said by Pro
fessor Lodge to be as yet beyond our scientific
knowledge. We know at present no more than the
fact that electricity causes cohesion of any particles
that may be floating in the atmosphere. Even that
limited knowledge, however, is expected to be of
considerable use to civilization.
Professor Lodge is quoted as saying the experi
ment does not afford any reasonable ground for ex
pecting it will result in the invention of a method of
eliminating the "smoke nuisance" of great cities. He
does believe, however, it may lead to the adoption
of some method by which any kind of fog. whether
sea fog or a fog arising from the ground, may be
dispersed. "A Scotch mist," he said, ''can be turned
into rain by a suitable discharge of electricity, and or
dinary rain can be changed into the large drops of a
thunder shower by the electric discharge of the light
ning flash. The reason for the size of the drops is
that, owing to the incident of electric 'cohesion,' the
drops are attracted to one another and form conglom
erate drops."
The statement of the professor suggests that the
discovery may be of use to the people of ths semi
arid districts of the United States in their various
rain-producing experiments. There are a good many
sections where the atmosphere holds a quantity of
moisture abundant for the needs of plant life if only
it could be made to fall in the form of rain. All
such attempts thus far have been futile. Electrical
force is becoming a comparatively cheap energy,
easily produced where there is either fuel or water
power, and it will be worth while for some American
inventor to set his wits to work to see if the new
discovery in science may not be made effective for
some such use.
A party of visionary Stocktonites have returned
from a fruitless cruise of seven years in search of
pirates' gold. The party sailed in the appropriately
named yacht, the Hayseed. There is likely to be an
exodus of gold-brick rrten from this city to Stockton.
Ex-Governor Stone of Missouri, the acting chair
man of the Democratic National Committee, is look
ing for a national "organ." He might make a good
beginning with William Jennings Bryan, who is
splendidly qualified to furnish the bellows.
Los Angeles wants all of the big political conven
tions of next year. She might have them and a bonus
to boot if she would promise not to give us another
Gage.
Governor Murphy of Arizona is waging a war on
fakers. It wouldn't take a prize-guesser to tell where
Governor Gage would begin if he did the same.
T+ie Boers are said to be armed to the teeth. It
is also interesting to remember that they know how
to use their teeth.
DR. McNAUGHTON TELLS
HIS STORY OF CHARGES
DR. JAMES McNAUGH
TOX has arrived on the
scene and announces his
readiness to refute the charges
against his ability, morality and
integrity, now being investigated
by the Alumni Association of the
San Jose Normal School. These
charges have been printed in full
by The Call and interviews have
been published with prominent
citizens of Council Bluffs, la.,
where the basis of the charges is
said to have been laid. In justice
to Dr. McXaughton, therefore,
this paper has allowed him to
make his statement of the case.
Dr. James McXaughton, principal
elect of the State Normal School at San
Jose, has arrived Tn the city and is al
ready engaged in preparations to refute
the charges against him now being in
vestigated by a committee of the
Alumni Association of the institution to
which he has been appointed. Dr. Mc-
Naughton got in yesterday morning
from Tempe, Ariz., and is stopping at
the Grand Hotel, where he will remain
until he goes to San Jose to enter upon
his new duties.
The accused principal professes to
have no fear of the outcome of the
alumni Investigation. He says, as he
has .said in previous interviews, that
the charges against him are anonymous
and have been made against him in the
same form time and again and time
and again refuted. In support of this
assertion, he produces a bundle of man
uscript half a foot high, consisting of
letters from former professional and
business associates testifying to his
higiTcharaeter; affidavits from numer
ous persons denyiner absolutely the
charges in former circulars; and reso
lutions from executive boards of two
school governments testifying that the
accusations, after full investigation,
have been proven groundless.
"When a man has been pursued as I
have been," said Dr. McNaughton, "he
finds it well to come prepared."
The accused principal does not pro
pose to put in this proof before the
Alumni Association. He thinks that the
best plan will be to allow the associa
tion to sift the matter and then, if it
finds that there is ground for the
charges and makes them formally to
the Trustees of the Normal School, he
will come forward to refute them. He
purposes, however, while the Alumni
Association is going along with its
work, to let no grass grow under his
feet. In justice to himself, he says,
he wishes that the members of the
Board of Normal Trustees should be
come familiar with the history of the
charges and the fate that has befallen
them, and for this reason will submit
what documents he has personally to
each Trustee he can reach within the
week that intervenes before he as
sumes the duties of his new position.
In pursuance of this plan Dr. Mc-
Naughton called yesterday morning
upon State Senator Leavitt and sub
mitted his papers. He will reach the
others as quickly as possible.
"These charges," said Dr. McNaugh
ton yesterday, "are not new and they
are not true, but they are annoying.
A brief history of them will not be out
of place. I had been unanimously re
elected Superintendent of Schools at
Council Bluffs in May, 1890, as I had
been for seven years before. In Au
gust, 1890, the principal of the High
School, a man addicted to the free use
of liquor, refused to respond to require
ments of the School Board and was
dismissed. Members Lucius Wells and
John Schoentgen of the School Board,
his special friends and associates, were
offended at the action of the majority
and declared that since the principal of
the High School was dismissed I should
be dismissed also, they assuming that
because I did not approve of the con
duct of the principal, that the board
would be divided while I remained. Mr.
Wells said after his faction had asked
me to resign: 'I believe Professor Mc-
Naughton does not want to throw ob
stacles in the way of the schools; he
is an innocent victim.' dr. Schoent
gen said: 'I have the utmost .respect
for Professor McNaughton; I have
nothing to say against him.'
"Immediately thereafter they em
ployed attorneys, who formulated
charges, securing the statements in
questionable ways, on which the said
charges are purported to be based.
There was never an opportunity given
me by that board to be heard on these
charges before a tribunal having au
thority to pass upon their validity, and
at no time was there a majority of the
board willing to give these charges any
official recognition on account of the
notorious fact that they were false and
malicious and trumped up as a justifi
cation for asking for my dismissal, an
act that a great majority of the people
of Council Bluffs were severely censur
ing. Neither was there a majority of
the board willing to permit these men
to sit as judges of the validity of the
charges, which they themselves had
been instrumental in bringing.
"Mr. Hunter of the School Board al
lied himself to Wells and Schosntgen
for reasons unknown to me, thus caus
ing the board to stand three against
three on all questions, and thus pre~
venting an official vindication.
"The position taken in this matter by
James A. Edwards in the December
number of the lowa Normal Monthly,
he to!d to me and others, was due to
intimidation from Wells and Schoent
gen.
"I resigned my position at Council
Bluffs not because of the charges, but
because my wife's health was rapidly
sinking under the torments of my per
secutors and om* family physician de
manded that she be relieved; the
schools were rapidly becoming demor
alized under the personal direction of
"Wells and Schoentgen; there was no
further hope of vindication with half
of the board devoting their time and
energies planning devices to remove
me; there could be no hope of re-elec
tion the ensuing year, since at the next
election the terms of the three hostile
members would not have expired; I
was unable to obtain my salary with
out process of law; I was obliged to re
tain an attorney at no small expense;
I had opportunity for congenial work
where I hoped to be free from persecu
tion."
From Council Bluffs Dr. McNaughton
wont to Mayville, N. D., at the solicita
tion of the State Superintendent of
Schools, John Ogden, and took the po
sitions of City Superintendent of
Schools and principal of the Normal
School. He occupied these places
about two years before he heard of the
Council Bluffs charges again. Then
they were presented to the board un
der which he was working and made
the subject of investigation by each.
"The city board," said Dr. McNaugh
ton yesterday, "took three weeks in its
investigations and then adopted reso
lutions completely exonerating me and
finding- the charges groundless. The
Normal School Trustees took longer
time to investigate, but after four
months of it they adopted similar reso
lutions. I have a copy of them here.
They read:
Resolutions of the board of manage
ment of the State Normal School at
Mayville, N. D., passed unanimously
at a meeting of the board held Novem
ber 25. 1892:
Whereas, this board has received a
communication from J. P. Haber of
this city calling attention to a letter
purporting to have bten written to him
by one Lucius Wells of Council Bluffs,
lowa, and making certain charges
against Dr. James McNaughton, and
also an alleged copy of said letter;
and has also received from saiu J. P.
Haber a copy of the lowa Normal
Monthly issued in December, 1890, in
which is printed and published an
article making certain charges against
Dr. McXaughton; and whereas, the
said J. P. Haber has read and shown
to Hon. E. M. Paulson, president of
the board, a letter purporting to have
been written by one James A. Ed
wards of Dubuque, lowa, and. making
certain other charges against Dr. Mc-
Naughton; and whereas, we have
carefully considered all these charges
and investigated all the allegations
contained therein and have become
satisfied that they are malicious, false
and without foundation in fact; there
fore be it
Resolved, That this board have and
hereby desires to express full confi
dence in the abilities of Dr. James Mc-
Naughton as iin educator, in his integ
rity as a business man, and in his
character as an upright, and conscien
tious gentleman. Further, we hereby
express our disbelief in all the charges
and innuendoes contained in the afore
said magazine article and letters re
ceived.
Dr. McNaughton says he left May
ville a year after the charges had been
disposed of, for the reason that the
Legislature' had failed to make appro
priations for the conduct of the schools.
Since that time he has been at Tempe,
Ariz., in charge of the Normal School.
"The charges followed me even
there," continued Dr. McNaughton,
"copies of the lowa Normal Monthly
containing them having been forward
ed by some interested parties. They
were circulated at different time's
among the Board of Trustees, but no
Trustee could be found who considered
them worth investigating. I remained
in Arizona at the head of the Tempe
school under four Governors and under
six Boards of Trustees, and when I
handed in my resignation in order to
come to California the board unani
mously passed resolutions regretting
my departure, stating that my admin
istration of the affairs of the institu
tion had been pre-eminently progres
sive, and concluding with the opinion
that my work had had a good influence
throughout the Territory..
"Jte I said before, it is annoying to
have these same old charges, baseless
and malicious as they are, digged up
and gone all over again. However, I
have no objection to the investigation
taken in hand by the Alumni Associa
tion. I do not know what it will find,
but if, with the materials it has in
hand, it feels compelled to file charges
against me with the Board of Trus
tees, I shall then ask the privilige of
putting in my refutation, which is at
hand, full and complete. It seems to
me that the fact that the School Board
of Council Bluffs could not be induced
to take up the charges; that two school
boards in North Dakota did take them
up and prove them groundless; and
that no Arizona board would consider
them at all, should be enough to deter
any person or association from prob
ing into them. However, as I have said
before, I have no objection, except on
the ground of annoyance, to any pro
cedure the Alumni Association may
take; and I am as sure as I am sit
ting here that the result of any investi
gation will be another vindication for
me.
"Now, in regard to the charges them
selves, which have been distributed
broadcast, I want to say that there la
no one of them that will hold water.
My work in the various schools to
which I have been attached and th
commendations I have received should
settle once for all my qualification am
competency as a pedagogue. The ii.
nuendo as to Tny immorality is too ar>
surd for mention, but it might be wel!
to say in this connection that prior to
my departure from Council Bluffs I re
ceived unsolicited from the pastor i
every church in the city a letter vouch
ing for my integrity of character. Sine*
1 have left that city I have had letter ;
from five of the gentlemen who? -.
names were signed to the charges to
the effect that my character was of
the best. F. M. Hunter, one of the
School Board in lowa who oppust-d me,
wrote a letter to the Board of Trus
tees of the North Dakota school, in
which he vindicated me. It reads:
He made a strong defense, in <he
fight which was waged against h;m,
and as the board was equally di\
for and against him the contest
came very bitter and persona!, and
many things were said and done wl
never would have been thought of had
the contest been an ordinary one.
While the doctor was connected with
our schools he accomplished a great
work and- was greatly instrumental in
elevating them to the good standard
they are to-day, of which we are all
prmd, but he had done all the good
that lay in his power, and on that ac
count I believed a change desirable.
I took pains to investigate his moral
character and conduct between man
and man. I am pleased to say his
character was above reproach. I might
say that the personal feeling between
him and me is not very congenial. We
have not recognized each other for
nearly two years, although we have
met upon the streets and at large
gatherings, but it is my desire to do
him that justice which is due every
man in thu community in which he re"
sides.
"As the man who submitted his name
for the principalship." paid Senator
Leavitt yesterday afternoon, "I think
that Dr. McNaughton is taking the
right course. I say this, however, with
out having: made any particular inves
tigation of the charges against him or
the proofs he says he has and which he
submitted this morning for my inspec
tion. The matter seems to be for the
present in the hands of the Alumni As
sociation. If it should formulate the
charges the Board of Trustees will cer
tainly hear them and Dr. McNaughton.
If it does not, why I suppose the mat
ter will drop.
"I have heard some comment con
cerning the fart that the board se
lected an outsider like Dr. McNaugh
ton instead of a resident of the State
of California. The reason they did so
was that outside of the. two local can
didates, Messrs. Ohilds and Randall of
San Jose, they could not find a man in
the State completely fitted for the posi
tion. For that reason they went out
side. The local candidates seemed ob
jectionable to the board for the reason
that each was so strongly backed by a
following of friends the result of the
election of either would have left a bit
terness still there and that would have
been bad for the school."
Investigators a* Work.
SAN JOSE, June 26.--Dr. James Me-
Naughtc-n, the new principal of the
Normal School who is expected here
shortly, -will he waited on by the in^
vestigating committee of the Alumni
Association, as socn as he arrives and
asked to appoint a time for an explana
tion of the charig^s against him. He
will be put through a searching exarn^
ination.
The investigating committee, com
posed of John O. Jury, Eli Wright and
Fred Carll, has begun its work in earn
est. Circular letters asking for infor
mation regarding McNaughton have
been sent to Council Bluffs. Tempe,
Arizona, and other places where Mc-
Naughton has resided.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per !t> at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied' dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's^. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
More Suits Against the Assessor.
The Crock.er-Woolv.orth Bank and the
First National Bank entered suit in tha
United States Circuit Court yesterday
against Assessor Dodge to restrain him
from collecting taxes on their stock, etc.
The suit is similar to that of the San
Francisco National Bank against the As
sessor.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 p. m.. June 29, via
Central Pacific. Union Pacific, Chicago and
Northwestern and Wabash Railways, on« day
spent at both Denver and Omaha Exposition.
Round trip rate to Detroit. $Sl. For reserva
tions and further Information address George
P. Lowell, Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1626 Eighth aye.. East
Oakland, Cal.
EXCURSION TO
$81— Detroit, Mich., and Return— Bßl
Leave San Francisco 3 a . m., June 29, the
Burlington Route wll! run an excursion to
Detroit in charge of a special manager, t'p
j holstered tourist sleeping cars used on thi«
occasion. Route via Salt Lake and Denver,
passing Colorado scenery by daylight. Arrive
I Detroii 6 p. m. July J. Berths reserved, etc.,
j at 32 Montgomery street, San Francisco, or
, |R Broadway, Oakland.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every WedMsday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island rail* iy«. Through
tourist sleeuhiE cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and furthe- information
address CLJXTON JONES. G -neral Agent
Rock Island Railway. 624 Market St.. S. F.
Low Bates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE wil make rate of
SSI for the round trip. Ticket 5 on saie Jun»
2i)th. For full particulars call at ticket office,
62S Market street, this city, or lUS Broadway,
Oakland.
When your appetite deserts you just try 10
to 20 drops of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitter*
in sherry or j>ort wine before meala.BATTLE TO THE FINISH
AT BRANCH COUNTY JAIL
Louis Kirschbaum Lying at the
Door of Death.
Assistant Superintemen! IcFarlaid, his Issailaol.
Now in the City Prison -Cap am Otto Lemcke
Tells the Sio v of the Fight
LOUIS KIRSCHBAUM, a guard at
Branch County Jail No. 3, is
lying- in the shadow of death in
the German Hospital. Burgeons
of the institute and whitecapped
nurses are beside his bed await
inifestatlons of returning reason,
• they may properly diagnose his
hurta and prognos.> their results, \vh!l<
'he dead watch speculates as to
whether it will nave other duties to
•1 or not In the meantime Frank
McFarland, Assistant Superintendent
of the woman's branch, occupies a cell
in the City Prison awaiting the out
come of Kirschbaum's injuries, for on
the outcome rests the chares that will
be placed opp< Bite his name.
For many we.-ks Kirschbaum. the <'.y
--ing man, and McFarland have b^en on
unfriendly terms. Not a day passed at
the lngleside Prison that did not see
the?e men plotting against each other.
Which was to blame none carts to
say, but all agree that McFarland med
dled in affairs Th- Interest in which
was not all bis own.
Sunday night the guards were placed
at their stations, and with measured
pace they covered the cells under thMr
care. Shortly after 6 o'clock Kirsch
baum was called from his duty and was
detailed on the office watch, his duties
OFFICIALS IN DEADLY COMBAT AT THE BRANCH COUNTY JAIL
confining him to official headquarters j
when not at the entrance gate receiv
ing the applications of visitors, who,
In their anxiety to visit some friend or
relative, called at the prison after
nightfall. On this watch Kirschbaum
and McFarland were thrown together —
an unfortunate circumstance.
Shortly after 7 o'clock Captain of the
Ouard and Superintendent of the
Woman's Department Otto Lemcke re
to his apartments, but later was
; by the matron on a matter of
ess. Just as he reached the
m's apartments his attention was
•..l by boisterous talking in the
of the Jail, but before he ar
-1 there the sounds of a hand-to
encounter echoed through the big
>ng.
itain Lemcke hurried to the office,
le he threw open the door Kirsch
baum and McFarland were standing as
in the ring, swinging with
Lemcke rushed between
them, and when they saw that they
were | each fell back to await,
it seemed, the announcement of the i
referee. Si • tendeni Leincke im
mediately ordered the men to attend to
duty, and McFarland promptly re- j
>ut Kirschbaum did not seem
to realize hia position. He took a seat
In the office, and before many minutes
had passed v. ;.,s in a comatose condi
tion. Captain Lemcke endeavored to
rouse him, and when he found that his
efforts were without aval] he called
some of tho guards and they removed
The injured man to his apartments.
Thinking that Kirschbaum was slm
ply suffering from temporary exhaus- ■
tion, Captain Lemcke applied the u.<ua!
ratives, but at daylight the injured
i was in the same condition. In
consequence it was decided best to
summon a physician, and <Dr. Bau
meister was called to the jail. After a
ry examination of the patient Dr,
Baumeister decided that, inasmuch as
the condition of the jail would not ad
f thorough treatment of the pa
tient, it was better to remove him to
the German Hospital. Last evening at
5 o'clock, in consequence, the prison
ran bearing the unconscious body of
Kirschbaum left the prison and pro
led to the hospital.
The injured man was taken immedi
ately into th 3 operating room and the
labor of diagnosing his case began.
No facts were placed in the possession
of the surgeons upon vvhicn to work,
and the result was that they made a
complete examination of his entire
body, finally locating the injury nn the
left side of the skull just at the point
fit which the temporal and parietal
bones Join, or, in the language of the
layman, just above the left temple.
The patient's head was Bhaved and an
Ice pack placed upon the vmtnd to
allay the Inflammation. This over, he
was removed to a separate room, placed
upon a cot and left to the care of a
corps of whispering nurses. Occasion
ally a physician would enter th>* apart
ment, carefully note th» changes in th<>
condition of the patient and retire.
This morning at 6 o'clock, if no change
for the better is noted, unfortunate
Kirschbaum will again be wheeled tv
th<* operating room and the k>=-en
edged dulls will remove his skull
just above the injury.
Last night, shortly aftpr 8 o'clock.
when sume friends visited him. he
turned on Ms cot as they entered and
lisped who arc all these people?"
Immediately again reason forsook him.
his eyes rolled from side to s;d<- and
he grasped at the coverletE In h.s pain.
The v hite-capped nurses shook their
heads, the physicians bent over him
without words and turned to oth*r
cases demanding their attention. Such
is the condition of the patient, and
whether or not murder is to be charged
to his assailant remains to be seen.
There is hut one account of the as
; sault. and that is given by Captain
uemcke. He says that bad blood hts
existed between the men fur some time
past. They met in the office, harsh
words were passed and at the end
Kirschbaum was bereft of reason. Not
withstanding the statement of th^ <r>r
man Hospital surgeons, Lemcke la of
! the opinion that McFarland lid ■ |
j us'"- a club or other instrument with
; which to subjugate his enemy. The
captain does not know whether or not
j the Injured man was jammed againsi
the office railing, but this is immaterial.
If Kirschbaum dies, McFarland must
answer for the murder.
Shortly after the fight occurred in
which Kirschbaum was so seriously in
jured Sheriff Martin was apprised of
the farts. He telephoned to the Jail
and asked that McFarland be sent to
hi? office. In due time McFarland ap
peared, and then in answer to a de
mand made by Captain Bohen he was
turned over to the police. Ho was im
mediately taken to the prison and his
name placed upon the detinue book,
where it will be kept until the result,
of Kirschbaum'B injuries are known.
The sympathies of the officials in the
Sheriff's office are with the injured
man, although it is said that he
talked the loudest just prior to the fight
which resulted in his supposed fatal in
juries. They say that the dismissal of
James Gaitley, first appointed superin
tendent of the woman's department by
Sheriff Martin, was caused by under
hand wt.-rk on the part of McFarland.
They say that he was alway antagonis
tic to those around him and his present
predicament is no surprise to all who
know him and studied his personality.
McFarland did not seem to be partic
ularly disturbed as he prepared for a
night's sleep In his cell. He evaded
every question put to him and finally
refused altogether to talk to his inter
viewers, saying that he did not wish
to compromise himself until he had
seen an attorney.
PIONEER OFFICERS
WHO WILL BE ELECTED
Niles Searles Nominated by the Com
mittee for the Presidency of
the Society.
The nominating committee selected by
the Pioneers at their last meeting has
submitted the following ticket to be voted
for at the election to be held on July 7
1S09:
President— Niles Searls.
Vice presidents— E. W. McKlnstry San
Francisco; James Paiacho. Ban Fran
elßCo; Walter Van Dyke, Los Angeles:
Gteorge Hagar Colusa; D. O. Mills, New
York.
Treasurer— F. W. Tallant.
Marshal— John F. Pinkham.
.Directors— A. R. Cotton. J. H. Jewett,
H. N. Tllden E. M. Root, H. B. Russ, E.
T. Kruse, \Villiam Z. Tiffajiy, Allen
Knight. W. C. Gibbs.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 27. 1899.
DOLLIE AND
TRIXIE FOUGHT
TO A FINISH
War to the Knife in
the Thalia.
TRIXIE SERIOUSLY INJURED
— + —
A BREACH OF PROFESSIONAL ET
IQUETTE CAUSED TROUBLE.
»
Dollie Enticed Trixie's Good Friend
Away and Then Finally As
saulted Her Friend With
a Beer Mug.
James Schwartz, the proprietor of the
i Thalia, has troubles of hie own. and. In
! cidentally, it may be said that just at
: present he is worrying over the troubles
of some other people. The Thalia, which
Is one of the well-known resorts of the
city, is situated at the junction of Market
and Turk streets. It is one of the cheap
j variety houses along the city's main
! thoroughfare. Schwartz's license for the
! past year is about to expire, and in a
j short while he is to appear before the
j Police Commissioners to apply for a per;
| mit to renew it. These permits are only
i granted upon the stipulation that the
i place shall be run In an orderly manner.
; Schwartz employs a special policeman,
: hut he i.- not keep very good order in
; the TJialia. and more than one complaint
: has been made about the resort.
Last Saturday night murder most foul
; was narrowly averted. Two of the deni
al * o'" i '■.»■• pla<e, Tilxle Cokman and Dol
lie Kellogg, who do a few fantastic steps
and warble a few bars with their nasal
falsettos" became engaged In an alterca
tion, with the result that the former now
lies at her home on Powell street in a crit
ical condition, and. Indeed, it will be no
surprise if another murder has to be
charged id the word of such ques
■ tionable Institutions. Trixle and Dollie
up to Saturday night were friends. Be
; tween their turns and after the perform
' ance the two women were wOnt to use
their wiles in enticing men into the boxes
in the rear of the stage for the purpose of
i drinking and having a good time gener
■ ally. On Saturday night Trlxie succeeded
in 'landing a "sucker, who was rounding
; the beers up at the rate of M a "hot." I '• l
-1 lie became envious >>/ Trixie's snap, and
I she entered the box and began to parade
; her charms with the result that the fickle
! "sucker" forsook Trixie and followed Dol
'■ lie
; Blind with rage and jealousy. Trixie
went to Schwartz and complained of Dol
j He's breach of professional etiquette.
1 Schwartz decided mat the ••farmer" be
longed to Trixie and that Doll!* 1 would
have to give him up. Thus the matter
was temporarily adjusted, but Dollie was
. out for blood, so when Trixie had finished
with the "greeny" she began to tell her
friend just what she thought of her. One
word led to another and the two live art
ists mixed it. Tht> hair flew and also the
blood, while the air was thick with small
patches of skin. Schwartz and the entire
male help <>f the Thalia labored for an
hour before they succeeded in separating
the two women. Finally peace was re
stored, and while Trixie was replacing an
eye Pollit; went into her dressing room
and returned wi£h a beer mug. She made
for Trixie, and before Schwartz and the
other m<n could Interfere she dealt her
former friend a severe blow over the head,
breaking the mug. The men grabbed her,
but she managed to strike Trixie again,
inflicting a deep cut on the head and one
over her eye. The woman sunk to the
ground unconscious and the blood spurted
in streams from her wounds.
A physician was summoned and he la
bored over the injured woman for some
time before ho could restore her to con
sciousness. Finally she was removed to
her home. Schwartz issued orders to his
employe?, under the penalty of dismissal.
not to say a word about the affair, as he
was afraid if It became known he might
have some trouble in getting the Police
Commissioners to renew his license. The
affair has been kept quiet up to yesterday,
when some of the friends of Trixie, who
had loarnc-d of the cause of her critical
condition, gave the story away.
HARADA WANTS DAMAGES.
Twenty Thousand Dollars Demanded
From the Southern Pacific for
Personal Injuries.
Jiro Harada. by Marshall B. Wood-
WOrth, his guardian ad litem, brought
suit yesterday In the United States <"ir
cuit Court against the Southern Pacific
Company to recover $20,250 and costs for
damage alleged to have been sustained
by being run over by a train of the
Southern Pacifn: Company at the inter
section of Everett, street and Railroad
avenue in the city of Alameda on the ltn
of last October.
Xhe complaint recites that the train
bore down upon Harada without giving
any warning by bell or whistle or flag
man and that there were no gates at the
crossing where the accident occurred.
Hararia received such injuries as to ne
cessitate the amputation of his right Ug
and three fingers of his left hand. The
complaint alleges reasonable care and
caution on the part of HRrada a.n-.l
charges gross negligence on the part of
the railroad company.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co.. 219 Front st. •
DID DEATH COME IN
A PHYSICIAN'S GUISE
Suspicious Circumstances Surround
John Kehien beck's Demise.
Dr. C. C. J. Wache dorf, Attendant Physician and Room
mate of the Deceased, He.il by Police — Money
Affords a Possible Motive for Crime.
JOHN* KEHLENBECK. a native of
Germany and a teamster about 36
years of age, died yesteraav morn
ing at Sin's Jessie street under cir
cumstances which have invoked a
police investigation. Yesterday afternoon I
his roommate. Dr. C. C. J. Wachendorf,
who attended him during his final illness,
was placed under arrest and will be de
tained pending further investigation. The
testimony of several friends and acquain- i
tances of the dead man would indicate '
that he was possessed of considerable
money a short time before his death,
while but an insignificant amount .'was !
found among his effects by the Coroner.
Kehlenbeck has been empio;*eu d.3 a
teamster by several firms in this city. He
met Dr. Wachendorf about two weetcs
ago and was treated by him. The treat
ment in some cases consisted of minis- ;
trations of Indian hemp and chloroform.
Soon after Wachendorf took, his patient '
the latter became seriously 111 and he
called to his assistance Dr. Fehlen. This
physician diagnosed the case of the suf
ferer, found him delirious and boisterous j
and administered chloroform. On •he
following morning he was in a fair con
dition.
Yesterday morning about 1 o'clock Dr. j
Fehlen was again called by the following i
note from Dr. Wachendorf:
Dear Doctor: Please come at once and be !
prepared. Don't fail to respond, for the man '
j is suffering from clolnlc convulsions to-night.
i In ense you find it impossible to come your
self fend a responsible representative. 1 am
yours truly.
PR. C. C. J. WACHEXDORF.
315-4 Jessie street.
Concerning this visit Dr. Fehlen stated:
"When I arrived I found that it was not
a case of convulsions, but that the man
was in a deep coma state and close to
death. I did not administer chloroform.
! but gave him a potion of atrophine and
; strychnine, which is an antidote for nar
cotic poisoning. I believed him to have
< been prostrated from some such drug as
! morphine, and treated him by giving him
stimulants.
"I worked with the patient for three
' hours, or until 4 o'clock. When I left at
I this time Kehlenbeck had revived, become
stronger and his respiration was better. I
' told Dr. Wachendorf to continue to ad
minister stimulants and left. At 9 o'clock
yesterday morning I was again sum
: moned, and found the patient very weak
I and almost dead. 1 did not remain long.
: as I had my other practice to attend to.
, but advised that another physician be
called In. At 11 o'clock I heard that the
man had died."
Last night John Kelly and Rodger
Gere, both teamsters and acquaintances
of the dead man, called at the I'torijuo
and informed the officials that Kehlcn
beck had claimed to have possessed $700
in gold coin about ten days ago. He
stated that he had the money on his per
son. His reason for not banking !t. he
said, was o,n account of an old debt which
might cause it to be confiscated by his
creditors. John Winter, proprietor of the
Palace saloon, corner of Filbert street
and Montgomery avenue, who has known
the deceased from childhood, says that to
his personal knowledge Kehlenbeck drew
$-125 from the Overland Freight Company,
by whom he was employed, about one
month ago. He also says that in a con
versation three weeks ago his friend told
him he had considerable money.
Among the papers found in a trunk be
longing to the deceased are promissory
notes. recommendations, deeds, mort
A!OVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Has res.ued 10,000 men trom despondency, weakness, nervousness, back"
wardness, early decay. It has made them strong, able men. It s the one
means of renewing wasted vitality It simply charges the nerves and vital
pans with electricity while you sleep. Whei you get up in the morning
you feel that some'.hing h-.s been added to your powers — there is a new
feenn 7, new energy, ambition to hustle and to enjoy life.
Ca'l and see me abcut it or send for my book, 'Three Classes of
Men," which I send, ciossiy sealed, iree. Cail or direct
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, js\?,"^
Office Hours— B a.m. to £:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. KEVEK SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
gages and other Instruments which v.cr.ld
iniicate that the man had engaged in
real estate transactions. He paid large
promissory notes from time to time, and
records of lar.d purchases and sales in
San Luis Obispo County have been care
fully preserved. The paper which shows
the indebtedness mentioned by Kelly and
Gere was found. A receipt for $60 given
in payment for medical services to Dr.
Wachendorf is among his numerous p;i-
Ders.
Dr. Wachendorf was brought into the
Chief's office last night by Detectives
Eagar, and Sllvey. He will be detained
until a thorough investigation can be
made.
The doctor, who is a young man, talks
freely about the case and seems to Vie
surprised that the police wave held him.
His story in substance Is as follows:
"I came down from the country about
I three months ago and about two weeks
. j ago met Kehlenbeck, who was suffering
from a complication of diseases. Tney
consisted chiefly of chronic convulsions,
• caused by an inherited dementia. He was
also afflicted with disease. I used the
usual medicines indicated for such cases
■ so successfully thai three days ago l pro
, nounced him free from one of the organic
1 diseases.
"The convulsions- continued, however, to
i such an alarming extent that I was
. obliged to call in an assistant In the per
| son of Dr. Fehlen. His diagnosis of the
1 case was similar to mine, and he made
; but a slight change in the administration
; of remedies. Sunday night my patient
■ became unconscious, and although I did
■ all in my power to resuscitate him. my
j efforts were fruitless, as he gradually
| sank lower and lower until he died."
Dr. Wachendorf claims to have gradu
! ated from a medical college in Ohio about
I nine years ago. and has a license to prac
| tice medicine in this State. He cannot
\ account for his patient lying in a coma
! tose state for such a long time, but thinks
j it due either to reaction from the convul
sions or from hypnotic influence.
He does not think It could have been
; caused by anything In the medicines, al
, though morphine was occasionally ad
: ministered in one-quarter grain doses at
, Intervals of thirty minutes. The doctor's
statement regarding hypnotism is unique
. and interesting. lie claims to possess
1 great hypnotic power and says he has fre
quently been called upon to give expert
j testimony in cases where hypnotism was
i alleged.
"It is possible," he said, "that I may
: have hypnotized my patient unconscious
j ly. He was what I would call a very good
subject. It is just possible that i hyp
notized him into a state of unconscious
! ness without knowing It. This did not
occur to me at the time, or I would have
; tried dehypnotizing. As it was. I simply
i used artificial respiration and other ordi
: nary means, such as slapping the face and
, hands and chafing the wrists."
Besides being a hypnotist. Dr. Waehen
dorf claims to be a physician of both the
! allopathic and homeopathic schools.
New Railroad Company
Articles of incorporation of the Bay and
Coast Railway Company, organized for
the purpose of operating railroads in this,
San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties, were
filed yesterday. The capital stock of the
company is $3,000,000. of which $110,000 has
been subscribed. The directors are L. H.
Barnard. Thomas J. Sunny, James G.
Hughes, H. Lacy and Michael J. Coch
ran.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
No ; 2 M.I. S. T. No - 2
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
;■ ''■'£&■•'•'.*', ■ - _t^ff^- : . "^^jjjf JwlMl3iW
GREATEST NERVE UIDBLOOD TONIC.
1 THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGO.RANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those' weakened by early Indis-
j cretion, Imparts Youthful Vigor. Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
i Nervous Debility PROMPT, SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele. Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Diseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL CURE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how lone; standing.
Will cure any case of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter
if the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS Iff
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
Will cure all cases of trapotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Pix bottles of M. I. P. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Vnricocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
' In addition to the above, M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured man] cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. P. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It is prescribed by leading physicians ail over the country. It Is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
'•■'•• :--•--—■-- - It you am stiffering from any
RWJ" ll " lIM! !liJk. 'Wl*— — *—<t "¥7^ *% chronic disease you are urged to
n ]gS I . H j write us. no matter how many doc-
EUmiL-Titri"^ ' m,m,m<mi<4 k^BMIBSS to >"' s or kinds of medicines you have
Er^jgr^ I ™ II ™ tried without relief. WE GUARAN.
B jS V nd. TEE TO CURE YOU. That you
Bm>* JSmmtmm^Bm Jiammaammml may Judge of the value of the Great
Specific for yourself, we will oend
you one large case by mall FREE,
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving eymptons.
Address M, I, S, T, Co,, Cor, Adams and Huron Streets, Toledo, 0.
UNDER A
FLORAL BELL
Nuptials of Miss Giovan
nina Geminiani and Wil
liam R M. Mathes.
Miss Giovannina Geminiani and Mr.
' R. M. Matthes were married on Saturday
1 evening at & o'clock at the resides
the bride's mother, Mrs. R. Samuels. 1965
Union street. Rev. J. Buehlt r officiated
at the ceremony, the happy couple stand
ing beneath a wedding bell of rare ex
otics.
Another pleasant event celebrated joint
ly with the wedding was the birthday 'if
: the bride's mother.
Mrs. and Mrs. Mfitthes are prominent
■ members of the local Spanish circles and
! received many handsome gifts.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
S. A. Samuels, Mr. and Mrs. Ferrand,
j Mr. and Mrs. K. Matthes. Mr. ami Mrs.
L. G. Samuels. J. Gaxiola, W. F. Worth-
I ington. L. George, E. Ybarra, E. Green.
; J. Alonzo and Mr. and Mrs. 1.. G. Samuels,
i Martial Davoust. Mesdames James Ryan,
! L. Barrana, L. Horn. Burns. E. Etienne.
| J. Bunas< h. B. Saitianohite and C. Pe
' terson. Misses N. Benson. L.- Cecchettini.
Burns. M. A. Dutreux ami Fuftiington.
1 Burns, Carl Budde. J. Wertheimer. F.
Cecchettini A. Cecchettini, T. J. Peck.
Professor William Van Brunt and Rev. J.
i Buehler.
Warden Hale Banqueted.
A small and informal dinner was given
last evening to Warden Hale upon his
retirement from the management of San
Quentin prison. Nothing in the way of
speeches was attempted further than c::
--1 ; ■ -ions of regard for the man who had
tilled an office so long and so well, and
nothing further was attempted in the way
of entertainment than good fare, good
conversation and good fellowship. Those
present were: Messrs. Hale. W. W.
Poote, Wilkens, Ray. Fitzgerald. Devlin.
Aull, McGuire, Herold and Metson.
Voters and Night Registry.
Registrar Steppacher and the Election
Commissioners will decide to-night
whether enough voters desire the Kegis
trar's office open during the evenings ap
prorichlr.g the primary election. If a suf
ficient number apply to-night to warrant
the presumption that the keeping open of
the office will he- a convenience to the
mans <>f laboring men such an order will
be marie.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
EVENINGS AT S:l5.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
LEWIS MOtiRISON,
PreientlKg Geo. F«»ter Plan's Historical
FREDERICK
The GREAT.
Next week— DOUBLE BILL.
MATINEE TUESDAY JULY 4.
DON CAESAR L»E BAZAN,
And the new curtain raiser.
ONLY THE MASTER SHALL BLAME.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THIS AND WEDNESDAY NIGHTS,
"ORPHEUS and
EURYDICE"
Reappearance of ANNA LICHTER.
THURSDAY, JUNE 29TH.
POSITIVELY TWO WEEKS ONLY:
THE SOCIETY EVENT
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantic Oiiera,
"SHAMUSJTBRIEN."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
. AMUSEMENTS.
"COLUMIAvSr
! ANOTHER BRILLIANT PERFORMANCE
ENTHUSIASTICALLY RECEIVED!
Charles Frohman presents MR.
HENRY MILLER
—AND—
A SPECIAL COMPANY
In a superb production of the romantic comedy,
"THE ADVENTURE OF
THE LADY URSULA."
Written in the happiest vein of Anthony Hop«,
author of "THE PRISONER OF
ZEND A," etc.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
- FAREWELL TO
Tie LaiDarili Grand Italian opera Company.
TWO SPECIAL PERFORMANCES.
TO-NIGHT, BY REQUEST,
"IL TROX/rtTORE."
TO-MORROW NIGHT, BY POPULAR DE-
MAND,
"MfINON LESCAUT."
Seats now on sale: 25c, 60c. 75c, Jl, Jl sft. ,
Next
Commencing THURSDAY AFTERNOON. June
29. Those Real. Live
"BROWNIES"
Presenting "THE BROWNIES IN FAIRY-
LAND."
NEW Sonss, Ballets, Dances, Marches, Special-
ties.
Reserved Seats, 25c. 800, 75c. Now on Sale.
July 2-"A MIDNIGHT BELL."
THE PASQUALIS.
Late of the Scalchi Concert Company.
Assisted by BIG. ABRAMOFF, in the Prison
Scene From "Faust."
4— O'LEARYS— 4
European Eccentric Comedians.
BLLY-FARRELL- ILLIE
World's Champion Cake Walkers.
MELVILLE AND STETSON, FRANCESCA
REDDING. TACIANU. FRED NIBLO AND'
WILL M. CRESSY AND BLANCH DAVXE.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matiness Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532. " .
THIS EVENING,
Sir Julius Benedict's Beautiful Opera,
THr.
i LILY of KJLLARNEY.
OUR NEW EVENING:
Orchestra. Reserved, ROe and 35c; Dress
Circle. Rpserved. 2.">e: Family Circle, Re-"
served, 15e: Gallery, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
| Seat in the House, 25c; Family Circle, Re-
served, ISc; Gallery. lOe.
CONCERTS AND KESOBTS.
UdlllV GREAT REALISTIC
£ WAR PANORAMA!
Of Prof. W. Q. ROLLINS.
. the eminent orator
IU on Q ' lectures half hourly. .
IVI 3 11 1 1 31 Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission, rOc
Bay! , Children. 25c.
SUTRO BATHS.
• OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7A. M. TO 11 P. M "
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M )
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc. •
Bathine. including admission. :sc. Children SUs.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUSUIARY OF THE MARK-ETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay motionless. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Bean* and Beads as before.
Onions weak and Potatoes steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry at band.
Butter, Cheese and Kggs quiet.
Apricots bringing fancy prices.
Dried Fruits firm in New York.
Hams in good demand.
Meat market unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
' • ;rhe New York Comrrmrclal says: "Prunes are
,7iii"t, but prices are well maintained, and th« j
prospect Is for an advance later, based on re- !
I pon of shortage in Europe, Oregon and j
! I Washington. Growers expect that opening j
,' ;• : prices will be about as they were last year
',:" -'lini! that the Unit figures given out will be the .
•/•'•/lriwest. The California crop promises un- j
'-':'■ usually well, bo it is said, and many who have. ;
■!-:raa,lf. an examination of the orchards are of j
• : "...the- opinion that the May drop was beneficial j
"•: ''rather than Injurious,
.! •"••Apricot drying will begin this week. The [
'•'"-outlook promises a liberal "output and fair
1 -prices for driers. General crop conditions are ;
' : .favorable, and canners are taking relatively
i-larsft supplies for use in their canerlea. Prices i
i average high, but driers expect to secure what
■'.they want lower than present Quotation* on
•ijfresh fruits Indicate.
; .'- "PeSches are firm on the spot, being all In
second hands. Slight reduction In present
• quf.tßtlons would lead to some trading, and
then? would be a speculative demand for every- ,
f thing- procurable. Possibly buyers feel more j
<-&utlons now, owing to the prospective larger
vie'ul In s'^me growing sections, but owing to :
the uncertainty very little trading ie being.
• done."
WEATHER HEFORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 26, 6 p. m.
I"be lowing maximum temperatures are re
j -•..! from stations in California to-day:
Eureka BB*S«ii Diego 68
Kieeno 86 j Sacramento 78
Ij>h Angeles 70 Independence S6
Red Bluff 82 Yuma P6
San Luis Obispo 76
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
Ran Francisco data; maximum temperature
64, minimum 64, mean 69.
The pressure ha* risen rapidly over the
[greater portion of the Pacific slope. The tem
•j.*ra.ture has also risen except along the im
mediate coast. In the treat valleys of Call
fornia there, has been a rise of from four to
f tw«.lve- degrees with conditions favorable for
f'rtHl" warmer weather with brisk northerly
i.'V.fiiVs and Wednesday. In the vlcln
"l'ly! ill ' San Francisco the temperature at pea
•■■.'■lev>l urni at an elevation of half a mile Is
■.;rir&.rly -the pame.
:•.. A .'maximum- wind velocity of SO miles per
'jjjpiir fnm the southwest la reported at Fort
: '-V.-pihhy. ■
ij.; Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
'frilling midnight. June 2":
';. N/.rihern California— air Tuesday, with fog
-nlo'pg tbeicoast in the morning; warmer In the
Aalj-ys; probably the beginning of the north
westerly winds cm the coast.
.: Etputherh California: Fair. Tuesday; warmer
'in the interior; fresh northerly winds.
• '; Nevada-— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
: Utah— Cloudy: probably showers Tuesday.
.:■ ArlKona-^-Pklr Tuesday.
• S-An Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
.■Tuesday;' fres-h westerly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McAX>IE.
: ■ Forecast Official. :
EASTERN MARKETS.
: :•• NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
■ ;■ : - ■' ■ . — —
?•'•... (TEW YORK, June 26.— The opening in the
;:i%'stock market this morning showed, a Jump In
/ -prices' and something like a rush to buy, which
,'i .Vpr?ad rapidly through the whole railroad list.
,*..' 11l hue course- of time, a number of Industrials
;'•.. -.also showed strength. When this development
;-:V.''l'«?cam<" obvious the railroads paused in their
i**; 'ii'dvanee as though to shake off the following
' : . i*f industrial stocks. Acute weakness In the
:.. local traction stooke. Steel and Wire and the
';';■ Tobacco stocks checked the advance.
\\ The railroads held flrra for a time but the
..';.. May was over bullish, enthusiasm had some
,' what expended itself and the closing dealings
•■/•■showed a rather easy tone with railroads be
,; " low the best. The movement In the Vanderbllta
.-• ' wa«= by far the most conspicuous of -he day
'■ ; and was of course based on the reported lease
;■■ '~io{ the Boston and Albany by the New York
'■'. ' Central for a term of 63 years. The ramiflca
• •.'.;n<inij at th<- Yanderbilt properties are bo vast
i .-. ; and 'the Possibilities of consolidation- so im
}A;'tWUuit that a movement in these stocks is
'„..;'■;. h,l\vays certain to have a stimulating effect on
': VjtHe "■ whole railroad list and the Vanderbilt
;• gr up is very likely to be picked out for manip
;: .illation by operators, for a rise. As the floating
-f-ut'ply of these stocks is not large such man
.; fpulatlon ... not so difficult as it might seem.
• . New York Central was at one time to-day
. ..'up three Dolnta, but it lost one point on the
: . failure of official confirmation of even admls
■ -"fifn of correctness of the Hoston and Albany
§ report. This, together with further engage
ment? of gold for export, was the Important in
fluence Id the reactionary tendency through
out the day. Chicago, Northwestern, Omaha,
Union Pacific and the Oregon Short I>inesecuri
. ties, all • responded sharply In sympathy with
New York Central's strength. The weakness
. <">f ' the N«w York Traction stocks to-day was
. due to rumors of appruaching labor troubles.
. Sugar and a few other specialties showed early
strength, but the industrials with few excep
. U-ons, j'teMed tx>fore the close. Orx>d report of
. .•' ■ 0 lr: '" ' '= railroad earnings, especially in the
'.. 3V<eFt : -iaid Southwest, were : factors In the
•; ; : ftnsh££h of railroads. Decreases in operating
Expenses of Southwestern railroads was a fea
ture of the May statements received, the main.
Income of Atchison being Increased, largely by
thin means, to the extent of over 1600. 000 " St
Paul's May statement on the other hand, show
. '•d the gross increase more than swallowed up
by the enlarged operating expenses.
: Railroad bonds were generally firmer. Total
sales par value, $1,893,000.
United States 3s coupon advanced hi in the
bid price.
The tota! sales of stocks to-day amounted to
473,678 shares, including the following: Ameri
can Steel and Wire, 17,400; American Sugar,
34,700; Anaconda, 18.700; Atchison, 6000; Atehi-
Bon preferred, 19,600; Brooklyn Transit, 62 600-
Burlington, 18,200; Continental Tobacco. 20,200;
Fedi ral Steel, 8680; Manhattan, 17,300; Northern
Pacific, MOO; People's Gas, 6600; Reading first
preferred. 5500; Rock Island, "400; St. Paul
40,'">00; Southern Pacific, 3600; Union Pacific!
15,100; Union Pacific preferred. 2100; American
Tobacco, 7400; Metropolitan, lfinO; Missouri Pa
cific, 4400; New York Central, 22.500; Northweßt
ern. 3400; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 4200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
AtchiKon IS* ; St Paul 12*14
Do prefd 56%j Do prefd 17;
Baltimore A; Ohio. 07 St P & Ora 107%
Canada Pacific :«>.; Do prefd 1170
Canada Southern.. 544 or &■ W prefd " fiS^i
Tent Pac 61% So Railway !.' ios
Ches .v -Ohio 25% Do prefd 50
Chi & Alton 150 Texas & Pacific 19%
Chi B& Q 133 Union Pacific ... ii»:
.Chi & E Til 73»i Do prefd ... ... 762
Do prefd 130 Nat Steel 4;
-Chi G W 13% Wabash 774
Chi Ind & L S-... Do prefd ... SOU,
■ Do prefd 38 Wheel &L E new "«,^
Chi &N W ISO^J Do id prefd .... 23%
Do prefd 198 Express Companies—
C C C & St L.... 57% Adams Ex ... no
Do prefd 9S ;Amerlcan Ex 133
Del & Hudson 120 United States ... 49
Del L & W Wells Fargo ..."."'125
•Den * Rio 0 21%! Miscellaneous—
.. Do prefd 76%, A Cot OH 3
Erie new 12', Do prefd £2
' Do Ist prefd — 3.4 Amu Spirits 6% ;
Ft Wayne 1M Do prefd 31)
Gt Nor prefd — 166% Am Tobacco 90
Glucose b6% Do prefd 139
Illinois Cent 113% Cons Gas isiw,
Lake Erie & W..-.. 16 Com Cable Co .. IR2 "
Do prefd C 7*. Col F & Iron 44«
Lake Shore 206 Do prefd 107
Louis & Nash....:. 6746 Gen Electric 117^4
Manhattan L lI3H Haw Coml Co . HO
. M"t St Ry 226-1 i Fed Steel '■ vS%
Mich Cent 113 , Do prefd, ex-dlv. Sl^i
Minn & St L. 52*4 Intnl Paper 41 !
Do Ist prefd S2 i Do prefd .» 77 1
M Pacific 42i<, ' Laclede Gas s»u
Mobile & Ohio 27', Lead 294
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd lllt|
■ Do prefd S3 1 *, Brooklyn R T 113%
X J Central 117 Nat Lin Oil %
N V Central 187* Pacific Mall 474
N T Chi & ft L.... 14 ! People's Gas HS»i
Di Ist prefd —70 Pullman Pal 157..
Do 2<i prefd .... 32 ! <. Sliver Cert 60U
Nor West 19% Standard R & T... 7*4
No Amer Co 11 Sugar 152 1
fNo Pacific. 4*% Do prefd 117
Do prefd 77 T <" & Iron 6S&;
Ontario & w 25% U S Leather 6%
Or R & Nay pfd.. FlO j Do prefd 69 1 *
Pac Coast 37 U 8 Rubber EH
Do Ist prefd $2 j Do prefd 116%
Do 2d prefd 60 I West Union $B'i
PlttFhurg IS4 Am S & W C 0... 63 1 i
Reading .' 19% 1 Do prefd %\
Do Ist prefd W>4iColo So 514
R G W 33 I Do prefd 43*4
Do prefd T8 i Do 2d prefd .... 17
R.ock Island 113ii!Con Tobacco 3)»i
St I, & S V 10%| Do prefd 86
Do prefd 69 Anaconda 53V1
• Do 2d prefd .... 3^'n Am S & R 36U
' Pt L * S W 12 Do prefd $3%,
■ Do prefd 31H'Am Tin prefd 84
So Pacific 31%
CLOSING BONDS. "
D 3 2s reg 100% M X & T 2dn.... 68
"■• 38 10S%! Do 4s $3%
Do coup 10SH N V Cent Islb 1154
D B new 4s reg....125% N J Cent gen 58...122 1
Do coup ..123%iNorth Carolina C 5.127
D ? old is reg U2«4! Do 4* 104
Do coup 1134 N P Ists 113
U £ 5s reg 11 2 : Do 3s 66^
Do coup Uih Do 4s lOGVi
District 3.65b 119 N V Chi &at L 4s.i-j7
Ala class A .... 112 1 *. Nor & W con 45.. 95
Do B 110 ! Do gen Cs 134
Do c 100 (Or Nay -lsts 114
Do Currency 100 Do 4p 103
Atch gen 4s ......102%'0 S Line »6s :32
. Do adjt in 84 i Do con fis ..ll'i
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading Gen 0.... M
. C & O 4%a 95 R G W lsts *.OOT4
DoU 120 ,6t L& I M Con 5».1U ,
CAN Con 7* 144 BL.& S F Gen 6R.12H4
Do deb 6s 122 Et P Con 171
Chi Term 4s 102>4 St P C & P lsM..i:4
D & X Q lsts ln6 ■ Do 5s "...1.3
Do 4s 1034150 Ry 5* ai 1 *
E T Va 4 Ga 105*; Standard R & T fs 1
Erie Gen 4e 72"t|Tenn new set .',?.. J"'4
a H ft 8 A 85. ...112 ITex <■' PaC 15tf>....r.4
Ft W & D C lsts.. 82 Do Iris *■>'%
Gen Elec 5s Hi V P 4? I 1" 1 - 1 *
G. H & S. A. 6s 112 Wabash lsts 1174
H&T C6s 1131, Do 2ds ■>•'%
Do Con 6s 112 West Shore 4* ... 117
lowa Central 15t5... 113 Wls Cent lsts 7';%
X Cp & G lsts.. 60 Va Centuries •■;',
La new con 4s lioi* ■ Do deferred £%
L& N Unl 4s ... 99 Polo So 4s 884
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 80 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 25 Ophir 1 10
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 25 . Do prefd S 00
Hale & Norcross.. 36 Sierra Nevada 72
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 43
Mexican f>2 1 Yellow Jacket 40
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 41\
I Call loans Z<3i West End 5-44
Time loans 334 I Z , Do prefd. ex-d1v.114
Stocks— Westingh Elec .... 60
A T & St Fe I&H| Mining Shares-
Do pret'd 66H Adventure 10
Anipr Sugar US**! Allouez Mln Co.. 8
! Do prefd 118 Atlantic 31%'
Bell Tel 341 Boston & Mont 333
Boston & Albany. 272 Butte & Boston 74
Boston L 10S Calumet & Hecla.73o
Boston & Maine.. 193 Centennial 33>-i
Chi B & Q 133 Franklin 17
Ed Flee 111.: 200 Humboldt 2Mr.
Fltchburg prefd ..117 Osceola S4
Gen Electric IIS IParrott 51' i
1 Fed Steel 58H Quincy 60
Do prefd M'- Santa Fe Copper.. 11
Mexican Cent 12S Tamarack 205
Mich Tel 99H Winona 14
Old Colony 203 Wolverines 43»;
Old Dominion 87 1 ; t'tnh 42
Rubber 43»;l
I/ONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram pays:
The markets here were beteer all Hround to
day, big; houses buying Africans freely, ap
parently Implying some Transvaal settlement,
also the news that the French Ministry would
be supported by the Chamber had a favorable
effect, and Paris bought Spanish fours up to
C3H.
Tintos were 44%;; Anacondas, 10 16-16; Utah?,
8%: Boston, '.•'•*.
Americans were good throughout the session.
Berlin bought freely, and New York offered
support. The features were New York Central,
Union Pacific. Baltimore and Ohio and Atchl
non preferred. Silver was easy on sales of
June metal.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June Canadian Pacific, lOrti^;
Northern Pacific preferred, 19; Union Pacific
preferred, 77"*: Atchison, 18%; Louisville, 69%;
Grand Trunk. 7 7 *. Anaconda, 10%; bar sliver,
dull, 27 11-16 d per ounce; money, 1A; per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN \NP PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 2«. FLOUR— Receipts,
; 1R,46«; exports, 2225; neglected and generally
s®loc lower; winter straits, $3 50@3 60; Minne
sota patents, $3 !»s'iY4 10; winter extras, i'l 60S
8; Minnesota bakers, S3 10@3 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 239,800; exports, 24.000.
Spot easy; No. 2 read, 80% cf. 0 b. afloat; No.
2 red, . vl 4 ' elevator; No. 1 northern I'uluth.
Sl^c f. 0 b. afloat Options opened weak on
account of lownr cables and heavy receipts,
coupled with active local and foreign selling,
Later In the day liquidation moderated and
helped by C it,, prices rallied slightly, only t)
break again at the close under realizing and
were finally easy, s^lUc net line, July,
7'.'i?J7f< ! >4C, closed, 7914 c; September, 78 13-lij®
I 79Sc. closed. 79Vgc; December, 80 5-16-fiSlc,
! closed, So%c.
HIDES Steady.
I HOPS Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The metal market started the week
; with transactions on conservative lines, and
price changes were accordingly narrow. Copper
and tin displayed a fair degree of strength dur
ing the day, but other departments were neg
lected and In some instances weak. News from
1 all points contained nothing of an Interesting
: nature. At the close the exchange called:
PIGIRON Warrants entirely nominal at
' $13 50.
LAKE COPPER— Steady, with $18 bid and
$1S 50 asked.
TlN— Steady, with $26 bid and $26 15 asked.
LEAD-Quiet, with H 45 bid and $4 50 asked.
I The- brokers' Drice for lead is }4 25 and for
copper, iIS.
SPELTER— Weak and nominal, at 16 26.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 6 points net
I lower. Sales, 26.750 bags, Including July, s4 55;
■ September. $4 60; October, $4 86; November,
54 90; December, $5 25(!J5 30; March. $5* 45;
May, IS 50. Soot coffee— Rio. dull and easy;
mild, quiet.
SUGAR Haw steadier in tone. Refined sugar
steady.
BUTTER- Receipts, 16,637 packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 15%'015%c: factory. 12@14c.
Receipts, 12.192 packages. Steady.
Western. 14%ig.15c; Southern. ?Jt lie
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
, California dried fruits quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES Common, G%iff7c;
prime wire tray. '- 1 , '.■*■■: choice, S ! 2'ii>>?4c;
i fancy. 909^ic.
PRUNES— 3%4TS%c.
i APRICOTS- Royal, 14c; Moorpark, I4@lßc.
: PEACHES— Unpeeied, Wi :3c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. .Tun" 26.— For a few minutes
around the opening in wheat It looked as If
Saturday's sharp decline was to be repeated.
The same Influences— heavy receipts, u.ik
cables and favorable crop conditions were
present and Influenced considerable new
liquidation. The opening in September was at
74 ; »'u74 1 4c, compared with Saturday's closing
price of 74 1 t4®74%c. The market broke still
further at once under heavy selling pressure,
longs liquidating freely and shorts putting out
! new lines, September touching 7:! 7 <,c on the
j decline. Covering by the shorts who were
I satisfied with their profits and buying against
puts then caused a rally to 74Ue. but before
11 o'clock the market started on a decline
which carried it to a point almost under Sat
urday's final price. The decline was so fast
I that sellers became too enthusiastic, and when
■ about 11:30 the liquidation of long wheat let
! up temporarily, the market recovered with a
! suddenness that Indicated that shorts had con
', siderably oversold. There was quite a little
scramble tot cover for a time, the price 'of
I September advancing to 74 l ?iifi74 : t c before noon.
[ The market evened up to some extent, and the
i tendency thereafter was downward. The news
would admit of no other course when condi
tions were normal and prices gradually slipped
I off to 74j»74V&e for September, which was the
quotation at the close.
Corn was fairly active and Irregular. The
■ market was weak during the morning on
■ enormous receipts, favorable weather and the
- break in wheat. Elevator people were free
sellers. The market later became firm and
; more than recovered the early break. The
close was %c higher.
Oats In common with corn ruled weak and
lower early, but when corn advanced oats fol
lowed. September closed %c higher.
Provisions were weak early, due to liberal
, hog: receipts and consequent liquidation by
longs. Excellent cash demand helped the mar
ket later, nearly all the decline being recov
ered. At the close September pork war 2V4c
lower, lard a shade lower, ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat, No. 2—
July "2 7 72 7 4 Vi 72' i
September 74% 74*4 78% 74%
December ~:>\ 71 75% 751^
i Corn. No. —
July 33"i 34% 33% 34
September 34 34% $3% 3414
December 33% 33 33% 33U
1 Oats. No. 2—
I July 24>4 25 24<4 24»i
September 21% il\ 21.; 21%
I May 23% 23's 23% , 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
I July 810 Sls J 07«4 815
September 8 32>4 8 32VS 8 27V4 8 32U
■ Lard, per 100 lbs— ,
July 500 500 4 97^4 600
September 5 12% 615 610 615
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 4 6714 470 4 674 470
■ September 4 S2i, 455 4 S2^ 483
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easier; No. 3 spring wheat, 67mi72c; No. 2 red,
73y73\c; No. 2 corn, 34@34'4c; No 2 oats, ;r,i 4
(g2i3So; No. 2 white, 29^c; No. 3 white. 27 It'Ti1 t 'Ti
j 2& 1 c; No. 2 barley, 3SHS<Ic: No. 1 flaxse'ed,
! 5103V45104: prime timothy seed. $2 40; mess
; pork, per bbl. $7 50©« 15; lard, per 100 lbs. 54 92>*
1 (35; short ribs sides (loose), $4 50<Q4 SO; dry
1 salted shoulders (boxed). $3@ss 25; short clear
pldea (boxed), $6(25 10; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf,
1 unchanged; granulated, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
1 Floor, barrels 17,000 . 13,000
Wheat, bushels 121.000 • 134.000
Corn, bushels '..720.000 524,000
Oats, bushels 184,000 125.000
Rye, bushels 4.00"
j Barley, bushels 9.000 240,000
i On th« Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creameries, 13Vi@lSc; dairies,
lli&loHc. Cheese, firm; BV«<9S%c. Eggs, fresh,
steady, 12c. '^-i-.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— , July. Sept. . Dec.
Opening ,5 09** 6 11*4 6 0"4
Closing :t 5 OST, 6 11% 6 OTfc
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— * June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 00 20 75
, Closing 19 90 20 60
Flour-
Opening 42 95 2S 50
Closing 42 80 28 30
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO, .Tune 2G.— CATTLE— The supply of
1 cattle was large to-day, . but the ■ general de
mand was good and prices were steady for
I medium grades, high class cattle ruling higher.
Good to- choice cattle. $5 1006 65: common
1 grades, $4 8096 05; feeding cattle, $1 60®«; bulls
I cows and heifers, $2#5 10, the latter price for
I choice heifers; Western fed steers. $4 70(775 40;
1 Texans, HUo 06; calves ranged from $4 6007 tt.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1899.
HOGS— The supply of hogs was larger than
expected. There was a good demand early at
steady Drlces, but the fear of the stockyards'
strike curtailed trade later, and closing prices
were weak. Light hogs sold at $3 85@3 86;
mixed lots at $3 6003 SO, and heavy at {3 45®
S 60; pigs sold at J3 25<3>3 76, and culls at $1 50
@Z 45.
SHEEP— was a fairly active demand
for sheep and lambs, and best flocks t were
easily disposed of. Common grades were
someVhat weaker. Sheep Bold at J2 60@3 50 for
culls up to lo&'S 25 for choice flocks; yearlings
sold at Jr. 25@6 25: clipped lambs brought Jo®
8 50, and spring lambs, J4 60©5 70.
Receipts-Cattle, 20,000; hogs, 47,000; sheep.
17.000.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Porter Brothers Company ■ California fruit
pal'»s : '«; ..■'
CHICAGO, June 26.— Peaches— Alexanders,
90c@*l 06; Hale's Early. 90c©*l; Brlggs May,
Jl 25; St. Johns, SI 06@l 35 box and 95c@$l 30
crate. Apricots— Royal. 45c<g?l 80 crate. Plums
Clymans, *1 85 crate; Burbank, Jl 15f?l 60;
Abundance. $1 10*51 25; Royal Hetive, 9'>c@Jl 15;
Satsuma, $1 26; Normand, $1 95; St. Catherine.
80c; Ogon, $1 95; Boton. $1 35; Wickson. $2 65.
] Tragedy*, $1 20@l 90 crate; Simon!?.
■ 30c<3>Sl .'.O. Pears— Lawson, 76c<311 45 box;
Koonce, $1 30. Cherries— Annes, 55c@Jl 75
box. and 50@60c half box: Tartariane, SI 05 box.
and 30^-45 half box; Republicans, $1 1502 05.
Seven cars sold.
NEW YORK, .Tune 26.— Peaches—
&oc@sl 30 box; Halo's Early, 70c©'$l 25; Gover
nor Garland, 86c; Eulatis, 90c. Prunes—Trag
edy?. $1 10(51 75 crate; Simonis, 90cij*1 36.
Plums— Burbank. $1 10^1 65 crate; Peach, 75c@
$1 40: Clymans, 50®90c; Abundance, 75@J1 15;
Red June, Jl 30. Apricots— Royal, 86{j&oc crate;
Blenheim. $1 16. Pears— half box. Eigh
teen cars sold.
CHICAGO, June 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Burbank
Plum.". $1 25f?l 86, single crates; Tragedy
! Prunes. Jl 30*51 65: St. John Peaches. $1 350
1 40 per box; Hale's Early Peaches, 95c©Jl 10;
Mikado Plums, average, $1 25, single crates;
Abundance Plums. Jl@l 35; Royal Apricots, Jl®
1 60.
NEW YORK. June 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Black Repub
lican Cherries. 50c@$3 75 per box; Royal Ann
Cherries, 55c®$3 70; Black Tartnrians, 60@90c;
Brigg's Early Peaches. Jl 30©2 55; Clyman
Plums, 60®80c, single crates; Burbank Plums,
75c®|1 15; Alexander Peaches, SOc@Jl 15; Royal
Apricots, 6Sc.
„ \
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June Consols, 107 15-16; silver,
27 11-16 d: French rentes. 101 15c; wheat car
i pops off coast, less offering; cargoes on pas
! sage, less offering; English country markets,
j quiet: wheat and flour on pas-sage to United
Kingdom, 3,030,000; wheat and flour on passage
i to Continent. 1.680,000; Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom, 73.000; Indian shipments
wlieat to Continent. 32,000.
LIVERPOOL June 2n.— Wheat, dull; wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, easy; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 53 6-I6d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No 2 red Western, dull. 6s; No. 1
red Northern Duluth. dull, fis 2d. Futures,
steady; July, 5s <' 7 «. l; September, ;>s ll%d; De
cember, 7s Id.
CORN— Spot, nulet. Futures, steady; July,
Ss 4Ud; September, as s'jd.
__
VISIBLE SUPPLY OF GRAIN.
NEW YORK, June 26.— The statement of the
visible supply of Brain in store and afloat on
Saturday. June 24, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat— 28,259,000 bushels; increase, 916,000
bushels. Corn 13.210.000; Increase, 649,000.
5,892.000; decrease, 1.317.000. 865,000;
increase, 46,000. Barley— l,3o3,ooo; decrease, 56,
--000. . ffiJHfi
BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN. 111.. June 26.— Butter, firm; offerings,
307 tubs; sales. 207 tubs at 180.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June -Clearings, $300,
--050; balances, $27,489.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 26.— Locally about the
1 only change noticeable In wheat was a little
: more of a disposition to sell on the part of
the growers, but as shipowners are still very
Independent, exporters are not getting between
I the two forces and the season will probably
drift out. Fifty-eight cents was obtainable for
! Walla Walla to-day, with a possible, half cent
mi re In Borne cases. Valley was easy at 59®
oOHc; blue stem. 61<g62c.
WASHINGTH >N.
TACOMA, Wash.. June 26.— Wheat closed:
Club, 58%; blue stem, fil'^o.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 564
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86\ 1
Sterling Cables '. — 4 S9V, ;
New York Exchange, sight — 12'/» !
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15 i
Mexican Dollars — BO@EO4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60Vi
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Heavy receipts and fine weather
i depressed the Chicago market. The demand
was lltjht and chiefly to fill shorts. Toward
the close of the session buying by New York I
and St. Louis gave the market a little better |
tone. Odebsa' cabled some improvement in the
prospects for that district. Paris cabled a
weak market and favorable weather. There
was me foreign buying at New York. Snow
reported a small decline in the condition of the
winter crop since June 1, the falling oft being
; the heaviest in those States which made the 1
I ■ -it Bhowing on that date. The county re- |
turns now coming in preclude the possibility 1
of any better yield than is now indicated, as '
the harvest is already at hand.
The local market was quiet and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 I'SVtfi 10; milling.
. $1 ii-«'Mi 1;..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
SOUO ctls. $1 17>h; 2000, $1 17%.
Second session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 17%; .
12,000, $1 17%. ■
I Regular morning session— l4.ooo ctls, $1 17%.
Afternoon session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 17%;
400« i, $1 17%.
BARLEY— Futures were better and there i
were sales of new feed at the top quotation.
I The maiket was quiet.
I Feed, new, 904J92%c; Brewing, 95c; old Brew
ing, H'n 1 05 per ctl.
i CALL BOARD BALKS. .
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— Seller '93,
new— 4ooo ctls, 82% C.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
Ss*ic; 2000, 86c; 10,000, S6%c. Seller '99. new—
12, M ctls, 83c; 4000, S3%c.
Afternoon session- Seller "99, new— 2ooo ctls.
S3>ic; 4000, 83% c; 10.000, S3%c: «000, S3%c; 2000,
. 88% c. December— 2ooo ctls. S6»;c; 6000, $6%c.
OATS— Some new were on 'Change yesterday
I and sold within the range. The market con-
I tinues practically bare and dull. Quoted at
$1 05W1 15 per ctl for new and $1 25@1 40 for old.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 35; Eastern largs
i Yellow. $1 10@l 12%; White. Jl 10@l 15; mixed,
i {1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 17%@1 22%.
RYE— S7%c(gsl per ctl.
BUCK » 11KAT- Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 «o<i?3 75.
usual terms; bakers' • extras, $3 40 | ?3 55; Oregon
i and Washington. $3 40(g'3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 26@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for superfine.
MILLSTI'FKS— Prices in sacks are hs toi
' lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham i
< Flour, $3 25 per 100 Tbf; Rye Flour. >$2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, V. Cornmeal, J2 50: ex
; tra cream Cornmeal, $8 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, Wfi't 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, {3 50,; Rolled
! Oats (barrels). $6 s~i<il6 95: In sacks. $6 35@6 75.
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,'
$5 rer 100 lt)«.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market was a dead Issue as usual,
buyers being few and Indifferent. Feedstuffs
remained unchanged.
BRAN— SI 6 .'."'o 17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $19 50<g20 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27<325; jobbing,
1 J2S 50(529: Cocoanut Cake, $20^21 ; Cornmeal,
i $23 50®24 50; Cracked Corn. $24*82.'.; Mixed Feed,
! $16@16; Cottonseed Meal. $24<g26 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, JlO®ll for good to choice
and $B@9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
f-^-H 50; Oat, $7^9; Barley, $fi^B; Alfalfa, nomi
nal. -
NEW HAY— Wheat. JRffS 50 : Wheat and Oat.
$S@9; Wild Oat, $6 50<jJ8; Barley, $5(g;7; Alfalfa,
$6@7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2o@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new to report, the market
being: very quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 6031 70; Small "White, *2@
2 16; Large White, $1 50@l 65; Pinks, $1 65®
1 85; Reds. $3 40; Bl&ckeye, $4 10@4 15; Butters,
nominal: Llmas. $3 »o@4: Pea, $1 90(32 25; Red
Kidneys, $2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, 2 ! !i<g3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2«4c per It); Alfalfa. 9@9%c; Rape. 3<g3'/ic;
Hemp. 4%5?4'4c: Timothy. 4\Ss«4c. !
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25(gl 50; Green, $150
@2 per ctl. ■(-; ";/-:,: ;'-£j.
POTATOES. ONIONS . AND VEGETABLES.
Onions declined. Potatoes were steady.
Receipts of Vegetnbles were moderate, but
the demand was slow and prices showed no
radical change.
POTATOES— Peerless, $190^2 15; new
Early Rose. $1 Tsf?2; Burbanks, $1 SO® 2 25 per
■'I on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 2:i<gUsc • per sack for red and
70Q,80a per ctl for Sllversklns.
■ VK';ETAr.T.KP Asparagus. 35c(!f$l per box
for No. 2, $1 25@1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75 for
fancy; Rhubarb.. ?S£p7sc per box I' Green Peas.
2<S2'/4c per lb; String Beans, l@3c for Green,
J©Sc for Refugee and 2Va(?3»4c for Golden "Wax;
Horse ' Beans. : 50c ' per sack: - Cahh»»«. w',... :
Tomatoes, BOciiTJl 25 per box; Egg Plant, S^lOc
per lh; Garlic-. 2£f3c: l>ried Okra. r.c per lh;
Green Peppers, 6@lsc; Chile Peppers. 20<g25c;
Carrots. 80@40c per sack: Sacramento and
Marysville Cucumbers, 50075 c per box; Bay
Cucumbers. S 1 'cr 1 75; Suinmpr Squash. 30®35c
per box for Ya'-aville and 50@75c for Bay: Green
Corn. 75c((fJl J5 per sack for Vaoaville and 12^,®
20c per dozen for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern are announced for to
day. N
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gob
blers and 11j7130 for Hens: Geese, per pair,
Jlgl 25: Goslings. Jlftl 25: Pucks. $4#5 for old
and J4 SCKg6 for young; Hens, J4 50©5 50; young
Roosters, J6 TiOflS; old Roosters. $: f7 ."■ r.O; Fryers,
$4(g5; Broilers, $:/83 50 for larg<>. "?2a3 for small;
Pigeons, Jl 25ft 1 75 per dozen for old and Jl 50
Ql 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND ECGS.
All markets under this head arp <iu!Pt and
amply supplied. Ercs continue to drag. Fine
creameries continue steady. There is a fair de
mand for Cheese.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18@19e; sec
ends. 170'17V4c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17#17%c; good to choice, IS®
16Hc; store, 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. Sc; old. 7Vsc;
found America. 10c; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14@l«c for store and 17@18^O
per dozen fur ranch; Eastern, le^lti^c for No.
1 and 14@15c for seconds.
DKCIPUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. J2O for frpes and J3O for clings; Apri
cots, $?.5(gf.5 per ton, according to size, quality
and district; Bartk-tt Pears, J40^.50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, J2O per ton.
Pears arp scarce and small Pparborn Seedling*
sold high in baskets on thp wharf. Peaches
are in moderate supply and steady. Apricots
nre in sharp demand, and some but little
larger than Cherry Plums sold at J40^42 50 per
ton. No Crahapples nor Grapes came In.
Supplies of Plums were light.
Berries were steady.
Citrus FrultH are dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35ctfi$l per large box; OYabapples,
per box.
RHRRIES— Blackberries. $3 500* per chpst;
Strawberries, STa* per chest for small and J2 75
!g3 60 for large berries : Raspberries, %va~ ppr
chest; I^ogan berries, — per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma. per crate.
Currants, S4 ou'af) 50 per chest.
Cherries, 76e per box for black: Royal Anne,
X .. vijl ; .black In bulk. per lb; Royal Anne,
B®9c per lb.
Green Pears, 4Ocjjsi per box, according to
sizp, nn.l 46@60c ppr basket; Bartletts, Jligl r.O
1 rv bOX.
I'lgs, 35@60c for single and 75c@$l ppr box for
double iii>Ts of black and for white.
Apricots. 35@75c per box and 50976 c per bas
ket for Royals.
Peaches, . r .'>'?f7"c ppr box nnd 36@65c per bas
ket.
Plums, 25@60c per box: Prunes, per
mH"; Japanese Plums. - per cr te.
Clierry Plums. 15@'25c jpr drawpr.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, Jl 50<g3 50
per box; Seedlings, JKal 60; Mediterranean
8w«-ts. J1 25(n 1 T."> : Lemons, Jlfi2 for common
and J2 SCS3 50 for good to choice: Mexican
I/Imps, J4: California I^imeH, 2ri'6soc per
snail box; Bananas. Jl M>'a2 60 per bunch; Pine
apples, JliJ?2 DO per dozen.
PRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The condition of the New York markPt ap
ppars in thp first column. Prices for all kinds
of fruit bid fair to rulp rathpr high this ypar.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. 6%c for 40-60*8, no
for 50-60's," 4c Tor 60-70's, 3<4<?3%c for 70-80's,
2*if?:mc for SO-90's, 2H..fi2\c for 90-100's and
2(JJ2 l ie for 100 II I's; Plums, nominal, lHc for
unpitted and 4' i '((6c for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots. July
delivery, 9@9Hc per lb; Peaches, July delivery,
6Vi®"c
RAISINS— 3*ie for two-»rown. 4»4e for three
crown, O : V c for four-crown. 4H(fj6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3Hc for Seedless Muscatel and $1 20
for London layers: Dried Grapes. Z*4@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts, S'fiSc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, 8@
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell. 14®16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6(ff7c for Eastern and 4 1 *.'®
Be for California; ''ocoanuts. $4 50®'5.
HONEY— Comb. ll{?12c f of bright an.l 10(f?llc
for light amber: water white extracted, 6Vfe(?r
7c; light amber extracted, 6>-;@G>6c; dark. Iff
O^c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2Si!f27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The demand for Hams continues good and
quotations are firm.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. Sc per Ib for heavy, ;
S%@9o lor Hunt medium. ia%©llc for light. 12c !
for extra light and 12%<fjl3c for sugar cured; j
Eastern sugar cured Hams, i2@l2iic: Cali- j
fornia Mams. 114012 c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; |
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, J15@15 50;
extra prime Pork. Sl2 50; extra clear. $16 su;
mess. |15®15 50; Smoked Beer. 12c per lb.
),ARP — Tierces quoted at .'V«*is4c per lb for
compound and 64@"c for pure: half barrels, ,
pure. 7V,c: 10-lh tin*. 7%<iTßc: 5-lb tins. SfrSVic
COTTOI.ENE— K%'56%c: packages. '
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb paile. GO In a case. 9Uc; j
3-lb palls.' 20 In a case, B%e: :>-ll> pails. 12 in a
case. S%c: 10-lb palls, « in a case, S^c; 50-ib ,
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. "Tic: wooden buckets, 20 I
!bf net. s c; fancy tub*. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7* t c.
HIDES, TALLOW, wool, ANP HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuII? and brands Bell
about le un'l»r the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10gl0V4c; medium, 9@9V(c: lipht, ?c:
Cowhides. 9c: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. He; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16% c: culls and brands,
He; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c:
•[.-.kins. shearlings. 20®30C each; short
Wool !6®soc each: medium. GoSt7sc: long Wool
90cS$l 25 each: Horse Hides, salt. $202 50 for
large and $1 for Email: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4'S4 1 < 1 c per lb; No.
2, 34iSHc; refined, ; gre.isr, Ic.
"WOOL— Sprlnp Clips.— San .Tonquin and
Southerns, 7 months, 7 1 »(ii.9iic: Foothill and
Northern free, 114J13c: Foothill and Northern
defective. 9i&11c; Nevada. 10Jil3c: San Joaquin
Foothill free. 10'rfl2c; do defective. Sf?9c: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. l(017>4c; Eastern Oregon.
12W14C for choice nnd r-fillijc for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9B crop. 13@17>/6O per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Arrivals of Hogs are light, but so is the de
mand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 74@B4c per lb for Steers and 64@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7(g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7%@Sc p«t lb.
PORK-Llve Hops. '54® 594c for small, s%ic
for medium and 5©54 c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, sr; dressed Hogp, 7@S4o.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baes, s^(®s%c; Wool
Bags. 26® 28c; San Quentin Bags, $4 95.
COALr— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. IS; 3outhfle!d Wellington, $7 no; Seattle, $6;
Bryam. $X; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $3; Cumberland. $*■ 50 In bulk and $3 50
1n sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S SO per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, {12 per ton In bulk and Jit
In sacks.
HTJGAR-The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, f>^c; Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry
Granulated, 5',4c: Confectioners' A, RVic: Cali
fornia. A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4\c;
Golden C, 4 6 6 c; barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels,
Me more; boxes, He more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for lens than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. June 25.
Flour, qr sks 11,560 1 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 8.890 Wool, bales 72$
Barley, ctls 6.660 Telts. bdls ...... 147
Malt; ctls MO Hides, No 1,407
Butter, ctls 210 Eggs. dozen 10,890
Cheese, ctls 30 Quicksilver, fiks. 50
Shorts, sks 75 Leather, rolls .... 119
Potatoes, sks 3.165 i Wine., pals 5fi,000
Onion* sks 810 Sugar, bbls ...... 711
Bran, sks 225 Sugar, bags 2,870
Hay, tons 491
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
Gas and Electric weakened ,oft to $72 I*,1 *,
against $74 on Saturday. Hawaiian Commer
cial was also oft at.s9S(ip9. Giant Powder ad
vanced to $71 80. Business was good. •
On the afternoon caJl Gas and Electric de
clined to $71 2r. and Hawaiian Commercial ad
vanced to (100 12' 2 .
The new ore body on the 1750-foot level of the
Con. Cal. and Va. has roused the mining
stock market from it? long lethargy and prices
rose rapidly under heavy sales. Con. Cal. and
Va. advanced to $2 86. Ophir to $1 40, Mexican
to 72c, Best & Belcher to 75c, and so on. The
ore runs from $25 to $50 per ton, and in the
lattrr care i? said to be 10 feet wide.
The telegram from the pump said: "Have
Just started Xo. l repaired elevator. It Is
working very steadily and smoothly."
The usual iiuarte^iy dividend of BOc per chare
by the Market-street Railway Company has
been declared, payable July JO.
The Geary-street liable Company paid a divi
dend f.f :.0n per share yesterday.
The Isabella mine at Cripple Creek. Colo.,
paid a dividend of 2c per share yesterday
amounting tn «4".,000.
The Gavin Mine Development Company paid
the seventh dividend of Zoe per share, or $;nno
on the 15th. The mine is in Calaveras County!
The El Dorado mine in El Dorado County
will pay a dividend of 10c per share July 20.
The Argonaut mine in Amador County paid
a. dividend of $2fioo yesterday.
The Homestake mine in South Dakota paid
dividend of $62,f.00 yesterday.
The Tamarack copper mine of Michigan will
HU.V a. divldajad at i^Ju.uuu tu-dav. ami tha Caiu
met & Hecla copper mine .of Michigan one of
$2,000,000 on the 2>th.'
The Eastern Dynamite Powder paid the usual
quarterly dividend of Si Der share on the 17th.
The California Powder Works Company paid
a dividend of =>uc per share on the 20th.
The Security Savings Bank and the Hum
boldt Savings and IV>an Society have declared
dividends of 4 per cent per annum on term and
3 1-3 per rent on ordinary deposits, payable
July I.^BM
The report from the Consolidated California
and Virginia for the week is as follows.
"The Comstock Pumping Association has
been engaged in the following work at the
C. and C. shaft: 1400 level— The west drift has
been extended 23 feet: total length, 637 feet;
the face of this drift is in heavy clay and
porphyry. At a point 627 feet In we cut Into
water and a heavy clay wall having all the
appearance of the hanging wall of the Com
stock vein. We have yet to run 76 feet be
fore reaching- the crosscut No. 2 from the
Consolidated Virginia shaft. 1750 level— From
the stupes 94 feet south of the west crosscut
passing the winze to the 1800, we have ex
tracted fifty tons of ore of an average of
$25 S3 gold value of samples taken from . the
ore cars on the surface. Part of the ore Is
fillings from the track floor, the balance be-
Ing ore from new ground. In raising in this
t t\ew ground we find much better ore. On our,
second floor above the 1750 we have a width
of at least ten feet of clean ore that will assay
$60 per ton. This ore is separated from the
old stopes by a few feet of low-grade ore, por
phyry and clay. I have failed to find any
rceßrd, either written or mapped, that wouH
Indicate that this ground had been Worked bo
fore. The ore Is ]!>« feet south of the old Cali
fornia south line and near what is believed to
be the footwall of th* vein. 1650 level—Neces
sary repairs are being made on this level. The
air pipe from the surface to the head of the
winze extending from the 1750 to the ISOO has
been connected to the compressed air hoist;
the pipe line Is now being tested and we ex
pect to start work in the winze within two
days. In the shaft from . the 1750 to the 1860
level a three-inch compressed air pipe has
been carried down and this line will be ex
tended downward as the levels are drained,
Our machinery is in good order and now ready
for heavy vyork."
The report from the Ophlr mine for the past
week is as follows: "No underground work has
been done through our shaft during the week.
Central tunnel— north drift has been ex
tended 31 feet; total length, 368 feet; face In
porphyry, showing some quartz. The survey
referred to last week showed that we had yet
29 feet to run to reach the Mexican line. The
face of the drift Is now in Mexican ground. A
joint east crosscut will 'be started on the Ophlr
and Mexican line on Monday morning. When
this crosscut reaches the hanging wall of
vein a west crosscut will be started and run
to the footwall of the vein. The Sutro tunnel
direct connection was advanced 13 feet; total
length. 209 feet; face In hard seamy rock.
During the week we have passed through a
seam of quarts bounded by clay walls. The
changes in the face are so frequent that we are
expecting to cut Into much softer rock. Work
on the quartz stringers has been continued and
the southwest drift extended 6 feet; total
length, 3s feet The face is in vein .'formation
showing more quartz than at any time since
the drift was started. No ore of value has
been found in this drift."
In the Chollar and Potosl mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the
week 37 feet; total length, 209 feet; face In clay,
porphyry and boulders of quartz which give
low assays. On the tunnel level they have one
man on repairs. Sutro tunnel level— The Zadig
drift has been cleaned out and repaired to the
face. At a point 920 feet south from the Sutro
tunnel or 23 feet back from the face, started
a southwest drift and advanced It 6 feet; face
in very hard porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 26-12 m.
Bid. Ask. RUI.A«k.
Bonds— , Mutual El Co. 14 15
Is quar c0up. .114 — 'Oakland Gas.. 47 —
Is quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 72% 724
4? quar new. — Pac LCo — 44
jls quar coup.. — — . IS FG & £ 71 7!' i
j Miscellaneous— ; San 1- ran 3% „-„
Cal-st Cab 55.117 — Stockton Gas. 12 —
C C Wat 55....111%112% Insurance—
E L & P 65.. 1304 — Flrem's Fund.22o —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — 118 Bank Stocks—
;jeary-gt R Bs. 90 99 Anclo-Cal .... — 65%
! H C & S .1074 — ißank of Ca1..275 ' —
I L A Ry 80. ...106% — 'Cal S D & T. — 98
L A L, Co 6.«.1u14 — 'First Natlonl.22o . —
Do cntri 65. 101% - !Lon P & A.... — 131
L, A L Co 6s. — 103 ! Mer Exchange — 18
, Market-st .129 - ;Nev Nat Bk.. — —
I Do Ist M s*. - 117 ; Savings Banks—
■ NCN G R 7s. 109% — Ger S & L..1625 —
j N l*> Cm 1 t>B . - ill Hum S & L.1050 1160
! N Rof Cal ss. — 114 Mutual Saw 35 —
MPC R X 68. — — |s F Say U.. 500 —
N" PC R R Bs. — — B & L. So.. — 864
N Cal R R 5«. 11l - Security SB.— 300
Oak Gas 55. ..11 l — Union T Co. — 1466
n m C Hv fi« \r> <*> '■ street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 63.1074109 California ....116 —
P & U 6s Hi - 'Searv SO —
Powell-st 65. ..US 122% Market-st .... 614 «4
=«c X! liv ss. — - Oak .-> L. & H —
SF& N P ss. — 116% Presidio — IS
S F & S JV55.114%115 Powder—
••"'all Cal ••.s.l'isM, - California ....155 170
S P of A 65..113%U3U F. Dvnn«ilte .. 00
N }■ C Us fl»06) - 113 - Giant Con Co. 70% 72
SPC 6s (1905)112 — " Vlgorlt 3 3'i
r< l* i; "is u»i2) - — .-..bui -
SPCIs eg 55. 105' 107 liana P C 0.... 17% 17%
SPBr 6s — — Haw C& S C.IOO 101%
S V Wat 65... 116 — Hutch S P Co. 32>* 33
S V Wat 45...103 410»% i\.ilau<-a S o. 2» 3U4
S V Wls(com).101% — Onomea S Co. 40i. 4 40%
Mktn Gas tw.. .I(MV> — Paauhau SP. 39% 40*4
Wnter Storks— \»i!-i.-riliiiifOUi>-
Contra Costa.. 704 71U Al Pac .1124113
Mar ■•• ... bii ' Utr L.d \N Ks.2o'. —
Spring Valley. lCONlC""' 7 * Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 844 85
Capital Gas... — — Pnc A F A.... 14 2<-i
r°ntrai G Co.. - - Pac C Bor Co. — 133
Cent I. * P.. 6% 7 Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Eqult G I, Co. 5 5U
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa 'Water 71124
150 Equitable Gas 5 124
10 Giant Powder Con .• 71 00
5 Giant Powder Con 71 to
15 Giant Powder Con 71 50
10 Giant Powder Con 71374
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 98 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 99.00
50 Hutehinson S P Co 33 00
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 874
60 Market Street Railway 62 75 "
25 Oceanic S 9 Co 84 50
'.'." San Francisco. Gas ■& Electric Co 73 00
26 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 87%
$4000 3 P Branch Ry 6 per cent- bonds... 124 50
2 Spring Valley Water 101 00
800 Vigorit Powder 3 12%
Street—
60 Contra Costa Water 71 25
Afternoon Session. ■
Board—
20 Giant Powder Con '. .'...'. 7150
10 Giant Powder Con .. . 71 75
10 Giant Powder Con 71 25
10 Hawaiian Commer & Sugar, cash.. 100 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 124
4." Hutehinson S I' Co. 32 87%
50 Market Street Railway 62 00
5 Oakland Gap 4S 00
100 Paauhau S P Co ....;.: 39 75
20 Pacific Gas Imp 72 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 50
15 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 25
5 Spring Valley Water 100 37%
Street—
100 L P & A Bank 130 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— - ;V Ji ',
75 Giant Powder Con ; 69 76
100 Vigor! ■ Powder 325
10 Market Street Railway 63 00
10 Market Street Railway 62 87%
50 Hutehinson S P Co \. 33 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0:... 72 75
100 Equitable Gas .......:...: 25
30 Market Street Railway 62 75
20 Giant Powder Con 71 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
65 Equitable Gas 5 124
40 Giant Powder Con "0 374
50 Onomea. Sugar Co ' 40 50
Afternoon Session.
. Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 71 00
50 Equitable Gaa 5 25
50 Equitable Gas 5 124
100 Vigorit Powder .' 3 124
40 Giant Powder Con 70 75
30 Giant Powder Con 70 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 20 900 Mexican ..61
200 Andes 19 1 600 Mexican ....... 60
100 Belcher 41 300 Ophir 120
1100 Best & Belcher f.B 1000 Ophir 1 15
300 Best & Belcher 59 100 Overman ... 10
100 challenge Con. 39 .100 Potosi 45
200 Chollar 33 sro Savage 32
850 Con Cal & Va.2 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 80
650 Con Cal & Va.Z 23 400 Sierra Nevada. 77
500 Con New York. .03 200 Union Con .... 45
200 Crown Point... 31 400 Union Con ' .... 46
250 Crown Point... 32 100 Utah is
900 Gould & Curry 32 300 Yellow Jacket. 43
900 Justice 15 . '
Afternoon Session.
100 AHa 12 100 Hale & Norcm 39
200 Andes 23 • 200 Justice .18
400 Andes 25 100 Justice ......... 19
100 Andes 24 600 Mexican ...... - 70
350 Belcher 41 200 Mexican ... 72
300 Belcher ......... 41 100 Mexican 71
1200 Best & Belcher .75 ' 700 Ophir 140
100 Caledonia SSj 100 Overman 1%
100 Caledonia 85 100 Overman ' '4
100 Ghallenge 40 100 Potoel ....... ' 51
400 Chollar . ... '36 '300 Potosi .50
600 Con Cal A Va.2 75 200 Savage 35
190 Con Cal & Va.2 85' 600 Seg Belcher 10
50 Con Cal & Va.2 so 650 Sierra . Nevada. 89
800 Crown Point... ; 81; 500 Union Con .... 55
400 Gould & Curry . 19 ; 200 Yellow Jacket 47
100 Hale & Norcrs .40 1 j
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ..'. 
Morning Session. j
700 Alpha C0n. ... 06 1 800 Mexican ..'....."64
500 Andes '. .£2O ! F,OO Mexican . ' 60
400 Belcher 42 ■' 700 Mexican 66
■ 200 Best & Belcher 66 . 4 (in Mexican .......'67
200 Best & Belcher 571 400 Mexican ....... 68
1100 Best & Belcher 68 200 Mexican ....... .63
600 Best & Belcher 59! 200 Occidental ..... 30
300 Best & Belcher. 61 ' 300 Ophlr ......115
200 Best & Belcher : 62 j 800 Ophir 1 20
200 Bullion ........ .08 1 100 Ophir .....126
200 Bullion .:...... 09! 400 Ophir 130
200 Caledonia 82 200 Ophlr 132^
300 Caledonia k| 400 Ophir ..135
300 Chollar '33 200 Ophir 1 3< s
400 Chollar ......... 34 600 Ophir ..' 1 40
200 Chollar ...: 36 700 Overman 20
300 Con Car & V.2 00 400 Overman; 21
400 Con Cal & V...2 10 500 Potosi 46
2300 Con Cal & V...2 20 400 Potosi :.. 4.
1200 Con Cal & V...2 231 400 Potosi 48
2400 Con Cal & V...2 30 SCO Potosi ' o2
200 Con Cal A- V.2 27 - - 300 Potosi 53
400 Con Ccl & V...2 35 800 Savage 32
400 Con Cal & V...2 40 500 Sec Belcher.... O'»
250 Con Cal & V...2 :',' 3™ «<»r"» V(lV ".^: "
300 Con Cal &'V...2 60 300 Sierra Nevada. 7S
1200 Crown Point... 30 i «U Hierra tsevaua. 1\)
900 Crown Point... 31 [" 600 Sierra Nevada. Mi
500 Gould & Curry 30 300 Sierra Nevada. S2
V'O Gould & Curry 32 200 Sierra Nevada. S4
300 Gould & Curry 361 500 Union Con 52
400 Hale & Norcrs 34, 500 Utah 20
1500 Justice 17 500 Yellow Jacket. 42
500 Mexican 62 500 Yellow Jacket. 43
300 Mexican 63
CLOSING QUOTATION?.
' MONDAY. June 26-4 p. m.
 Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha" 06 07 Justice ....:.... IS 19
Alta 11 l.'i Kentuck — 05
Andes..: 22 23 I,ady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher .... 42 . 4.? Mexican 71 73
Best & Belcher 75 7S Occidental 29 32
Bullion 03 10 Ophlr 140145,
Caledonia 84 85 Overman 23 24
(.'hollar 35- 37 Potosi - : >2 53 :
Challenge Con.. 39 40lPavo«e 33 34
Confidence 100 i io Scorpion -■ "3 I
Con Cal & Va.2 85 2 90|Seg Belcher ... 09 10 ;
Con Imperial... - 02;. Sierra Nevada. *■< S$
Crown Point... 31 33 Silver Hill — 02
Eureka Con — 40 1 Syndicate — OS
Con New York. — 03 Standard —2 40 j
Exchequer — O.V St Louis 10 IS i
Gould & Curry 39 40 Union Con M 62 ;
Hale & Norcrs 3S 4.1 Utah 18 .19 j
Julia •■ 02 03 Yellow ' Jacket. 4« 4* J
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
COLCMP.IA RIVER. MAIN SHIP CHANNEL
FROM TONGUE pniNT TO JIM
CROW POINT.
Office of Tnited States Lighthoupa Inspector,
June 22. 1899.
Notice is hereby given that on June 16 the
position of the south side (if Channel Buoy No.
14. a red, first-class spar, was changed, and it
is now moored In 22 feet of water, and marks
the extreme lower end of the shoal anreast of
the Miller Hands: Harrington Point post light
N. by W '4 \V.; Pillar Rock. E. N.E. S E. :
Beacon 4. S.W. by S. This notice affect? the
"List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast,
IS9S." page 51.
By order of the V. S. Lighthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER.
(^aptain. V S. N , Inspector 18th Lighthouse
District.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. g. N\, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 26, ISS9.
! The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
1 building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
: I. c., at mmn of the 12"0 th meridian, or at S
! o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lu-utcnnnt fommander. I. S. N.. in . h.irse.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters nt Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front f Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TIESDAY, JUNE 27.
NOTE— In the abnvp exposition of the tides
the enrly morning tides are given In the left
liand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aB tc. time. The
second time column ?rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
I and the la?t or right hand column Rives the
: lust tide of the day, oxcept when there are but
i three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Riven are additions to the soundingß on the
United States <"oast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
! reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June W.
Ptmr Willamette, Hansen, 73 hours from
Seattle.
Ptmr Scotia. Jacobs. 30 hours from Humboldt.
Stmr f'leone. Higgins. 13 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 36 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 houre from
Greenwood.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, il hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr I.'matilla. Cousins, 59 hours from Vic
toria pnd Puget Pound ports.
Ptmr Pomona, Parsons, IS hours (mm F/u
--reka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg
Stmr Arcata, Reed. 48 hours from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday. June 26.
Stmr State of California. Goodall. Astoria-
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, June 26.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson. Mendoclno.
Ship Louis Walsh. Gammons, Tacoma.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Lettltia, Wilson, Grays Harbor.
Russian stmr Dalny Vostok. Erlkson, Che
main"s.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson. Everett.
CHARTERS.
The Harriet G loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for New Britain, taking mdse from San Fran
cisco; Natuna. wheat at Portland for Europe
3ns; Rufus E Wood, lumber on the Sounfl for
Sydney, 455.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 26, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived June 25— Schr Spo
kane, hence June 15.
t'MPQUA— Arrived June 20— Sehr Sadie, fro-n
Pan Pedro; srhr Louise, hence June 6.
NEAH BAY— Passed June 26— Stmr Mineoia,
from Port Los Angeles, for Nanalmo. June 2.V—
Br stmr Wellington, hence June 22. for De
parture Bay. June 26— Stmr W'ashtenaw. from
Tacoma. for Pan Francisco.
FORT ROSS-Sailed June 26-Schr Mary C.
for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed June 25— Schr Viking, for
Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 26— Stmr Rival,
hence June 25.
Sailed June 26-Stmr Noyo, for San Fran-
CiM'O.
SEATTLE- Arrived June 26— Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea; V S stmr C P Patterson, hnc
June IS: schr Maweema. from San Pedro.
Sailed June 26-Stmr Humboldt. for Dyea.
REDONDO— Arrived June 26— Stmr Navarro,
from I'sal; stmr Sequoia, from Fort Bragg.
VENTURA— Arrived June 26-Stmr George
Loomls. hence June 25.
Sailed June 26— Ptmr George Loomls, for San
Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed June 2fi— Schr Marion, for
San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 26—
Schr' Ocean Spray, hence June 23.
EUREKA— Arrived June 25— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. June 26— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; stmr South Coast, for San Fran-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 24— Stmr Su
AUCTION
AUCTION SALE ri
OF—
' CARRIAGES. ROBES AND HARNESS. «
NEW SURREYS. BUGGIES, PHAE-
TONS. WAGONS AND TRAPS.
E. E. AMES VEHICLE CO.,
20 McAllister ST.. near hibernia
RANK.
Dealers' opportunity. Closing-out sale. No
reserve. Retiring from business.
THIS DAY
TUESDAY, June 27 18*9, at II A. M.
CHASE & MENDENHALL. Auctioneers.
Successors to Killip & Co.
I
.
!
!
I
'
!
i nol,. hence June 20. June 25—Schr Beulah. hence
! June 10; schr Berwick, hence June 8; schr Mary
; E Russ, hence June 14. June 2G—Schr ("lias R
1 Wilson, from Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO Arrived June 2." Ptmr Tllla- ■
, mnok. from Caspar; stmr Luella, from Bowens
! Landing.
NEWPORT (S)—Arrived .Tune 26—Schr Wa
-1 wona. from Port Blakeley.
I COOS BAT- Arrived June 26 Schr Daisy
I Rowe. hence June 14.
TACOMA—Sailed June -Schr Lena Swea
sey, for San Francisco: Lark Tidal Wave, for
I San Pedro; Br shir Hun Hull, for Hong-
I kong: .= tmr Washtenaw and bark Sonoma. for
Sr.n Francisco.
Arrived June 25—Schr Comet, from San Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA—Arrived June*2S—Ship E
B Sutton. from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG—Arrived June 9—Nor stmr Thy
ra. from Vladivostok. June 24—Br stmt Gaelic,
hence May 25. i
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 24 —Br ship •
Cromdale. hence Feb IS.
TALTAL—Arrived June I—Br ship Leicester
Castle, hence March 29.
YOKOHAMA—Arrived prior June 24—Hawr
! stmr Aztec, hence June 1.
PEACHY HEAD—Passed June 24—Ship Diri
go, from Tacoma. for Queenstown: Ger ship
Artemis, from Tacoroa, for Hamburg.
■ CARDIFF— June 24— Br ship Thornlie
■ bank, for Santa Rosalia.
MAZATLAN—SaiIed June 24—Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco.
HILO— June 15- Shir J D Tallant.
from Port Gamble: bktn Uncle John, from Eu
reka.
Sailed June 15—Bktn Archer, for San Fran-
VLADIVOSTOK June 25—Bark Wllna.
for Hakodate, to load for San Francisco.
TIENTSIN—Arrived June Bark Coloma.
: from Chemainns. " w
TRANSATLANTIC. STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived June 26— Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow.
i ■ *
OCEAN TBAVEI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
kk Steamers leave Broadway
ff*hißi wharf, San Francisco:
• fSKißft^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a, m..
' IB^fSCBBBI June 1S- ?0> -5l 30 July '*"'
( Bkiwlf? change at Seattle.
' BSkSQ <£ffil For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
HgaKjUsSml C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^^BjaßMl Tacoma. Everett. AnacortfS
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 16, 20, 26. 30;
July S. and every fifth day thereafter: Changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jun«
18. 23. 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after. '= '•:■--
For Santa Craz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Fort Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem*.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angele») and
Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 25, 29; July i.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
' Los Angeles and R»dondo (Los Angeles). II a.
m.. June 15. 19, 23. 27; July 1. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenadn, Mardal«na Bay, San Jose del
Tabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro«aJ!a
j and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a.« m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanr» :
without previous notice steamers, sailing dat»» '
I and v>/mit*« of «<i'!tn»
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel). *
! GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Art*..
10 Market «t . San Franctmvi.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
nierAT^W fact STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
■Prtjm Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
C/SDC *12 Ffrst Clan* Including Borth«
IMriL SS Second Clam and Meals.
Columbia palls June 22: July 2, 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7.
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Wai Spokane. Butt*.
Helena • and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
. Stopping at 'Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July HlXew York ...August 2
New York July 12 St. Louis ....August 9
St.Paul July 191 St. Paul August 18
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington July P Adria July 2<5
Noordland July 12 : Southwark ...August 2
Friesland July 19 Westernland ....Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
S connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.'
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU A Saturday July 2J
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
IKJInIL Th * for - Honolulu
ynifiniL Fal1" f°r Honolulu
rfc * Monday. July 3, at 2
eSiS^V^S S. S. Marlposa sails
islPSni'vninc.' v'a Honolulu and
GXMIIIjIIIU 11' Auckland for Sydney
fOfnPfißU- Wednesday, July 12.
VyillbUlMjp at 10 r m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand.' Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. ll4Montgomer|
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
! nkw twin-screw express line,
nfw tork-pVris-london-hambutio.
' TWIN-=CREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-LONDON-PARIS-HAMBURO.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURO-
' AMFRICAN LINE 37 Broadway. New York.
HFP7r»O &■ CO.. Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor Sansome. and
US Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
COMPAONIS GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQU3.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. >^.^
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <g'O:Ts
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ~3**s«='n
I Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. July 1; LA
! CHAMPAGNE. July S; LA NORMANDIE. July
i 15- LA BRETAGNE. July 22: LA GASCOGNE.
! July 29. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward.
i 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL .AGENCY FOR UNITLD
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hud-
«on building). New York. J. J. FUGAZ.I St
CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye..
Ran Francisco. .•-... ■
BAT AND BIVEB, STEAJCEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE.6TEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stocktor at 6 p. m.
dally . (Saturday excepted). Regular steamer*
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m,
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. RAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcallo."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 045
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Trurs. night): 1 ru
aays. Ip. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a m i
&. m- .landing and office, Mission street Doc*.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508
TAHK .„ Ma.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BISHOP NICHOLS
MAY UNRAVEL
THE TANGLE
Vestryman Read on
Rector Law.
CHURCH FINANCE REVIEWED
SUNDAY NIGHT'S OFFERING
FOHTY-FIVE CENTS.
She Diocesan Will Be Asked by the
Committee to Adjust Affairs
at the Church of the
Advent.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
9iß Broadway, Jun<
The re-turn of Bl! ! t this
ope to the
of the Church of the Adveni in its
The bre ach
Is still widening:. At last night's service,
afti r ] »r. Law had read 1
I with
the almsplates waiting for the vestrymen
• . rail and n
N" vestrymen came; but tw.> lads, the
: . surer and tl i tor, ap
ni the pas
■
hurch they 1 were returned containing
nts.
A. J. Read, the treasurer of the church
onenta
■ ■ tor, Is also
< iit- r el' the Siaii- organ of the printing
raft. In this week's issue he publishes
an ai" I Wages," ;md al
: the name of Dr. Law does not
r, its abse not in any way
the significance of the article.
Read, who Tills the office of
•nt of the State Typographical
. s.-iys that "ii •■ ■ Uy absurd
r of the G >sp< i
must receive over $150 per month to en
■ him to pay his way. V.
• problem, and know how
to li\ half thai amount."
In Mr. Read's article ; I its the
:
When the workingman requires a suit of
clothes he has to pay cash or Installments to
the til] value. Does the preacher? If the
public school is not pood enough for the rk
lngman's children, lie pays full rates in a
private school. Does the preacher? If the
irkingman travels . :i the railroad he pays
full fare. Does the preacher <>r his family?
The preacher ceftus to have all the advan
ti«?eß. while the w\>rklngn:an has the privilege
i f paying for all he Kets or e<~>liiK without.
The church treasurer is a man who will Ken
orally teli you that after paying the pastor
there Is very little money left for the painter,
thu printer or the Rag man. and these men all
have to live somehow on much lens than the
preacher fails to live on. The maxim that
every man is worthy of his hire Is eminently
true, but in all commercial enterprises re<juir
inK a reduction in expenses the workingman
is always the first to feel the cut. In seasons
■jt dullness in church finance, the choir sin«
«.rs are reduced and their salaries nt, the
ff-xton gotß the ax, the evening service is
omitted to save pas. and the preacher draws
down i fat stipend and takes a month's vaca
tion on ';:'.! pay. The workii - Koes to the
Cliff House or the park and returns happy and
contented.
ins pay the worthy minister all the
' '. ' i"SF.
« ♦ «
WILL HAVE FENDERS.
Approaching Completion of the San
Fablo Avenue Electric Street
Railway.
.LAND, June 2>).— With the rapid
i n the con
■ ;' the San Pablo avi
■ d that the ne-w
will be r-.ady for operatii n by July i.
The work of welding o. th*> tracks is
now being pushed. The double tracks
have been laid as far as Twenty-*
street and the single track on the west
tirlo is completed.
The new electric cars are now being
tried on the Telegraph avenue line ana
are giving perfect satisfaction. These
cars nre to be equipped with Douglas
fenders— the same as are used on the
Market street cars in Ban Francisco.
The fender was given a test this morn
ing, when oho of the electricians at the
Temescal power house lay down In front
of a • car and allowed himself to be
scooped ... without sustaining a bruise.
A Day's Record of Deaths.
OAKLAND, June 26.— Frances Adams,
• daughter of Mr. and Mrs. r.
F. Adams, died of meningitis this morn
it their home, 1379 Jackson street.
Taylor, the 12-year-old daugh
ter of Colonel S. J. Taylor, secretary of
the Oakland Transit. Company, died this
morning at the family residence on Oak
land a fter a twi weeks' illness
from brain fev< r.
a retired capitalist
aged "8 years, died at the Galindo Hotel
1 resided h >re ■ n
thirty y< ars. His wii
ago.
Tl c funeral of Miss Minnie Hough,
who died from pulmonary troul I |
Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Hough, in San Francisco to-day,
tak" place to-morrow afternoon from tho
residence of her sister, Mrs. Byron Rut-
L 2 Alice street, this city.
GRAPE-NUTS.
IMt M ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ M ♦ M ♦■♦+++#
! :
4- ...THE... 4-
I FOOD cure I
: . I
♦ Put in the Body what *
J NATURE NEEDS. +
t t
+ 4-
£ Find that in ♦
I" GRAPE-NUTS. |
■♦ . +
£+ iMMMMMIMMinJ
04+444-4+44-44 4-4444-44+4444©
HOW TO BUILD A BODY.
One of the most important discover-
ies of late is the application of the
right kind of food to rebuild the lost
substances of the body thrown off by
the active, nervous work of Americans.
Careful investigation by experts in
food and dietetics has brought out the
fact that albumen, which is contained
in various foods, Is acted upon by phos-
. phate of potash, not such as obtained
in drug stores, but suoh as is found in
certain parts of the field grains in most
minute particles, arranged in nature's
laboratory, not man's.
The part of the grains containing
phosphate of potash Is used in the man-
ufacture of Grape-Nuts food, therefore
the active, nervous, pushing brain
worker can feed the body with food
•that goes directly to the rebuilding of
the broken down gray matter in the
brain, solar plexus and nerve centers
all over the body, with the result that
the Individual who refreshes and re-
builds the body with proper material of
.this sort obtains a definite result, which
he can feel and know of and which is
apparent to his friends.
A vigorous brain and nervous system
is of greater importance to any business
man or brain worker than unlimited
quantities of money. Price 15 cents per
Dackage.
LOST ONE HUNDRED
POUNDS IN ALASKA.
OAKLAND, June 26.— William A. Nash, the well-known nfwspapor man,
h;is returned from Alaska 100 pounds lighter than when he went north.
It If feared that ho may never recover Ills health. Nash was one of the
first to start north when the great Klondike excitement began. He
took a printing outfit with him to start a newspaper— he knew not
Where when he left. In Juncau he started the Mining Record, which has been
a success.
William Nash Is now at his home in West Oakland with a wrecked consti
tution under constant care of doctors. His Illness forced his return and he ar
rived almost a skeleton. "When he went north he was a portly man, weighing
over 200 pounds. >lis malady Is the stomach trouble that has proved fatal to
many of the northern adventurers.
MITCHELL SAYS
KEATING WAS
NOT HIS MAN
Warden of Insane to
Have a Trial.
IS ADVISED TO RESIGN
WELLS NOW READY TO GET A
PLACE FOR HIS SON.
The Democratic Member Says He
Would Remove the Warden on
No Other Evidence Than
His Own Story.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Braodway, June 26.
■William Keating, Warden of the Insane,
is to have a trial before the Supervisors.
Three weeks ago he was attacked at the
entrance to the hospital by the father of
a girl toward whom it Is alleged Keating
behaved foolishly. This incident brought
out others, and man] witnesses appeared
who have little stories to tell.
At that time two of th<- Supervisors
were away on vacation, and It wan de
. to leave the matter until their re
turn. The full board was present this
morning and the matter was called up by
Supervisor Roeth, who asked that it
should be disposed of at once.
Mr. Mitchell said that all he knew was
what he had tea' 1 , in the newspapers while
on his vacation. !!■• paid Keating a high
tribute as a faithful employe who lias al
ways to his business, and he was
i. lit in favor of discharging him and Bend
m away branded unl J arges
were proved at a hearing. 11'- said Keat
ing was not lils appointee, but that he
was In favor of a hearing and discharging
him If found guilty. All denied beii
sponsible for Keating's appointment.
Supervisor Weils said he had nothing
more to Bay, as he was satisfied that
Keating should be discharged afti r hear
ing him tell his own story. Wells' son is
slated for the fob.
Chairman Tal he had known
Keating for many years and he was very
much surprised to hear of these chai ■■
]!•• declared In favor of a thorough inves
i Jeorsri W. Re< d. Keating's at
torney, asked that th- hearing be s< t two
w.-.k.- from t->-<iay. so that Messrs. Chap
man and Nuabaumer could b< present.
Roeth wanted tie matter taken up to
.:. but it was put over till
•..-.• Satui lay afternoon, Roeth and
Wells declining to vote. The clerk was
ordered to subpena such witness,
might be wanted by either party.
Two of the Supervisors have advised
!■;• iting "■ n sign.
HEAVY DAMAGES FOR
FALSE IMPRISONMENT
THOMAS L. WOODS SUES SHERIFF
ROGERS AND OTHERS.
, Trouble Over a Horse Caused His Ar
rest — Now He Wants Twenty-
Five Thousand Dollars.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
:• - Broadway, June 26.
Thomas L. Woods of East Oakland to
! day tiled suit in the Superior Court
against Sheriff Rogers, Deputy Sheriff E.
S. Wilklns, the United States Fidelity and
Guaranty Company, constable 1". 1,.
White, B. B. White and A. Olander, sure
tlea of the last named; Deputy Constable
Jordan and Ethel E. Anthony, for the re-,
( overy of 125,000 damages for false impris
onment.
\< < urdinp to the r-r.mplalnt. prepared by
Attorney w. J. Oglesby, the original
trouble was occasioned by a roan mare
belonging to Ethel Anthony, who engaged
■ Deputy Sheriff TVilklns and Deputy Con-
Btable Jordan to restore the animal to her;
possession. Woods alleges that she re
fused to pay $27 still due for pasturage,!
and that when he refused to give up the
j horse the two officers exhibited their ,
' stars, telling plaintiff no other authority |
would be necesisary, forcibly took pos- !
session of the animal, restoring it to j
Ethel Anthony on tho 16th lnst.
"Thereupon Wilklns, Jordan and Ethel
; Anthony." concludes th*» complaint,
"wickedly contriving and Intending to in- i
jure plaintiff, maliciously caused plaintiff
to be arrested on :i charge of disturbing
Ethel Anthony's peace, causing his Ira- j
prisonment in the City Prison without ;
a,use to be detained there for;
1 more than ten hours, rind from which i
imprisonment ho was released by judg- j
-,..; o f the Police court, he being ac- j
tted.  ,
"That by reason of said . Imprisonment
plaintiff was put to great Inconvenience,
1 disgraced In his own and in the minds of
his friends and acquaintances and brought
Into disrepute In the eyes of the public,
to his damage $25,000."
CALLED IT A CINCH GAME.
Heated Words Pass While Supervis-
ors Consider Eicls for Furnish
ing County Supplies.
OAKLAND, June 26.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day awarded contracts for
furnishing supplies to the county. There
were many bidder? present and a lively
s^ene occurred, owing to the fact that Jo-
Bepb H- rscher of San Leandro, bidder for
furnishing groceries, was the only one
who submitted samples, and Supervisor
Wells moved that no bids be considered
accompanied by samples.
Supervisor Roeth vigorously opposed
this motion, when Mr. Herscher jolted his
memory with the fact that last year
Roeth had insisted on samples being sub
mitted The latter replied rather heated
ly that from the fact that "Herscher was
the only one offering samples it looked
like a cinch proposition."
"I am not currying favor with any bid
der " continued Roeth, "but this is the
worst cinch ever presented to a Board of
Supervisors."
The entire afternoon was occupied with
•i thorough consideration of the bids, the
contracts being finally awarded as fol
lows: Teas and coffees, to Joseph Hersch
er and New York Tea company; all gro
ceries of which samples were furnished,
Herscher; liquors, Herscher and Theo
Oier- dry goods, Salinger Bros, and
Herscher; fuel for county buildings, James
p Tavlor & Co.; fuel for County Inllrm
ary Davie & Williams.
Christian Alliance Convenes.
OAKT/AMJ. June 26.— The annual con
ventlon of Christian and ..lissionary Al
, of Northern California opened to
night" In Asbury Methodist Church with
a greeting by the State superintendent
and an address on "What Think Ye of
Christ?" by Hiram Hill of lone. The con
vention Is well attended and will continue
until next Thursday night.
THE SAN FEAKCTSCO CALL, Tt'ESDAY, JUNE 27, 1899.
RICH SPOIL
OF THIEVES
IS RECOVERED
Oakland Police Make
a Big Haul.
CHINESE "FENCE" IS LOCATED
A WASH HOUSE FILLED WITH
THE STOLEN GOODS.
«.
Many Valuable Articles and the
Weapons of Highbinders
Found — A Well-Known
Chinese Arrested.
OAKLAND, June 26.— One of the most
extensive recoveries of stolen property
ever made in this city was effected to
night In a Chinese boarding house at
Ki^hth and Webster streets. Not only
were many valuable articles obtained by
the raid, but evidence was procured to
show that the place Is a den of high
rs. Jt is also suspected that the
Chinese cook who was arrested is in ex
convict who was sent to San Quentin
some years aK'> from Santa Barbara for
assault to murder.
The raid was brought about through the ]
i arrest of Ah Charley, who was recently
discharged from Mrs. Horton's residence
1 at Twenty-sixth aVenue and East Four
teenth Btreet, where h< was employed as '
; a domestic. After he left, the Hortons
■ missed much valuable property and -a
warrant was sworn to charging him with ;
grand larceny.
To-nlghl Deputy Constable Jack Rnb-
Inson located Ah Charley by a ruse and
i ffected his air. -st. and when he had been
spirited off to the County Jull unknown to
his confederates a raid was made upon
the house by Officer Robinson and Detec
tives Quigli y and ! [odgklns.
hi Charley's room were found table
ware, linen, silverware, hat racks, vases,
portieres. Jewelry, ornaments, books and
nearly everything thai could be made into
a small bundle. These articles were in
iges just as they had been taken
from the house. Mrs. Horton Identified
all the stuff as her property.
The police decided to Bearch the whole
house, atid found it to be a regular Chi
; ese "fence." There were pictures, a
chest of Boap, piles of linen and hundreds
of minor articles, evidently from the
houses of wealthy people.
Pome of the stuff was marked with th"
s * . i : . 1 1 > of a Los Angeles hotel. Borne table
ware bore the stamp of White Sulphur
Springs. Miss Josie McDonald and Gene
vleve Wood are owners of Borne of the
property.
There was enough stuff found to fill the
patrol wagon. In an inside room was a
tion of "black-jacks," highbinders'
knives and clubs, and these also were
taken to the City Prison, in searching
Charley's effects a letter was found ad
d to "Chung Yu, San Quentin." The
record of Yu is a very black one, and it
is bellev( d that the convict Is none other
than Charley, who has within the past
year worked in Beveral families in this
city, including Dr. W. < •. Auckland.
The recovered pn Perty Is at the prison,
where own< n • an ■'.• nttfy it.
THE BOARD OF HEALTH
WILL TAKE ORDERS
LEON DENNERY TO BE ELECTED
SECRETARY.
The Protest Against His Choicß Is
Not Heeded by the Appoint
ing Powers.
The law, as Interpreted by the courts,
gives the Board of Health power to dis
pense with the present force of employes
in the Health Department; hence the
work of distributing the spoils of office
will not be long delayed.
The board will meet to-night and prob
ably proceed to remove incumbents and
appoint their successors. Leon Dennery
Is on the slate for secretary of the board.
The dose is a hard one for the doctors to
swallow, but the powers which directed
Gage to select the men composing the
new Hoard of Health now demand that
Dennery shall have the position.
Regard for the moral health of the
community prompted the board to enter
a. silent protest against Dennery's selec
tion for secretary, but the protest was
not heeded by Burns. The hint has been
given that Dennery Is the right kind of
person to represent Burns.
AMATEUR BOXERS WILL MEET
Kegular Monthly Exhibition of San
Francisco Athletic Club Prom
ises Excellent Sport.
The regular monthly boxing exhibition
of thp San Francisco Athletic Club will
be held in the club gymnasium. Sixth
street, Thursday night. There are five
eight-round bouts on the card and they
give promise of the customary sensational
boxing.
The boxers are paired off as follows:
Kid Johnson and Jack McMahon, 125
pounds; Hen Lewis and W. Ingham, 145
pounds; Jack Dean and Ed Toy, 133
pounds; Tom Monihan and Joe Kane, lf>o
pounds; and George Dodson and James
Crawford.
Alex Greggalns, the club referee, will
be in the ring to pass upon the merits of
the bouts. He makes an ideal official, as
he permits nothing but lighting once, the
men start. The exhibitions always at
tract a large attendance as spectators are
assured of good sport.
The first exhibition under the auspices
of the Observatory Club will be held to
night. The old castle-like structure at the
top of Telegraph Hill is the headquarters
of the club. It has a membership of 200.
New Temperance Organization.
At a meeting presided over by Rev. P.
F. Dearborn in the Y. M. C. A. Hajl last
night the organization of the Young Peo
ple's Christian Temperance Union was
perfected. A large number became mem
bers and the following officers were
elected: President, Dr. Mathena; vice
president, Mrs. M. C Cracken; secretary,
Miss T. Morgan; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. L. E. Benedict; treasurer, J. 13.
Dallas.
The Welburn Case.
Marshall B. Woodworth, Assistant
United States Attorney, made the opening
argument for the Government yesterday
in the Welourn case. He spoke two hours
and forty minutes and was warmly com
plimented by his brother attorneys on his
effort. Frank H. Gould and Gavin Mc-
Nab will make the argument for the de
fense to-day and United States Attorney
Coombs will close for the prosecution.
THE CORONER'S
CARPET WALK
DRAWS NEAR
Politics and Reform
Hand in Hand.
PATRONAGE IN THE SHADOW
CHURCH SAID TO BE THE MAN
WITH AN AX.
A New Deal That Has Hung Fire for
Months Because There Are
Two Many "Pulls"
at Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 26.
Next week Coroner Mehrmann is to
walk the carpet before the Supervisors
and explain certain alleged overcharges
in his monthly accounts against the coun
ty. Many weeks have elapsed since the
county expert reported the alleged over
charges, and when the subject Was dis
cussed by the Supervisors each member
of that body took particular pains to go
on record as not being tho man who in
stigated the inquiry into Coroner Mehr
mann's charges. Jt now develops that be
neath this opposition to Mehrmann's fig
ures is an interesting political feud that
developed during- the last county cam
paign.
Supervisor Church, it is said, did not re
ceive the support he expected In certain
parts of his district, where it was under
stood Coroner Mehrmann had some Influ
ence. It is even hinted that in one corner
of Alameda I»r. Mehrmann was not alto
gether unfriendly to Mr. church's op
ponent. Mehrmann and Church both won
their fights, but Church's majority was
small enough to cause him considerable
anxiety until many hours after the polls
closed.
As soon ns the Supervisors organized
after election an attempt was made to
rearrange the patronage of the doctors at
the Receiving Hospital, County Jail and
Infirmary. As chairman of the Hospital
Committee Church could do a great deal
with this particular patronage. He had a
programme which included l>r. Porter to
succeed ]>r. Btratton at the Receiving
Hospital, bo that ex-Coroner Dr. Baldwin
could be given the place at the County
Jail. I>r. Stratton is Senator Stratton's
brother, and of course Church's attempt
to put out the Senator's brother met with
strong opposition, in which Pr. Mehrmann
was supposed to b< on the side of Strat
ton. It is well known that during Dr.
Baldwin's term nf office he frequently
showed his friendship for Supervisor
Church, and for this reason it is very nat
ural that Church should seek to n ward
him at this time, and if possible should
cause uneasiness for ]>r. Mehrmann.
The Coroner states that he Will bo quite
prepared to • ■ x t ■ ! : i i : 1 all his charges when
he goes before the Supervisor next week.
SOLDIERS ASSEMBLING
AT THE PRESIDIO
TROOP F, SIXTH CAVALRY, IN
FROM LEAVENWORTH.
Companies B and F, Twenty-Fifth In
fantry, Arrived Yesterday After
noon — Cavalry Expected
To-Day.
Troop F, Sixth Cavalry, Captain E. F.
Wilcox, arrived at the Presidio yester
daj afternoon" from Fort Leaven worth,
Kansas. The command will later pro
to Sequoia Park. Troops D and H,
Fourth Cavalry, are expected to arrive
.■it the post to-day from the rellowsi me
}';irk. Companies B and F, Twenty-fifth
Infantry, arrived at the Presidio late last
night. The remaining companies of tho
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth [nfantry
are on their way to San Francisco.
These two regiments, with the remaining
troops <>f the Fourth Cavalry, will Bail
fur Manila aboui the middle of next
month. Tho casuals are pouring Into tho
Presidio at the rat.' of s>\<rai hundred a
day, and Captain llardin, who has charge
of them, is kept busy. Ho intends to or
ganize the "rookies into six battalions.
Captain S. M. Foote, Sixth Artillery, la
on his way to join his battery at ILono
lulu. He reported here from Macon, Ga.
During the war Captain Foote held a
commissiun as major in tho Volunteer En- i
gineers and was upon the staff of (i>n
oral Breokinridge at Santiago. He ac
companied In ISiU-92 the Intercontinental
railway survey on the preliminary line '
that was run from the southern frontier
of Mexico down through the Isthmus of
Panama and through the Andes to the
Argentine HepubUc.
Second Lieutenant J. J. Boniface,
Fourth Cavalry, who has been absent on I
leave, has returned to the post.
Major Moseley, surgeon of the post, i
said yesterday that the wound of Private
W( sliy Kiby, who wn»s shot in the le,*
by Private wigfall, was a very serious
one and that lie was exceedingly doubt- j
ful if he would be able to save the man's
leg. Wigfall Is confined in the guard- !
house and assjgns no reason for his act. \
FOURTH OF JULY REGATTA.
A Programme of Six Rowing Races
Has Been Arranged.
At a meeting of the regatta Committee
of the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic T T nion, held last night, the fol
lowing were present: W. C. EJapy, in the
chair; J. R. Bookman, secretary; A. P.
Rothkopf, S. J. Pembroke, E. Scully. 11.
\V. Maass, J. Hopper, Ray Fryer, T.
Sands and A. M. Stone. Considerable dis
cussion ensued with regard to the crew
of Company H of the League of the Cross
Cadets, which won the novice hargo raco
at the El Campo regatta on Sunday.
It was stated that the men were really
a junior crew of the Pioneer Rowing
Club and not green oarsmen. An objec
tion was also raised that J. McDonald,
a member of the crew, was a profession
al, having fought a six-round boxinsj
contest against a member of the Mtilt
nomah Athletic Club. The matter was
laid over for settlement until the next
meeting.
The rowing regatta to he held in con
nection with tlie Fourth of July celpbra
tiun was discussed and the "following
events were decided upon:
I— Junior fuur-oared barsre oace. 2 — Junior
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®+®+® 4 ®4® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4®4® 4 (?4®4® 4 ®4 ®4® 4 ®4® 4 ® 4®4® 4 ® 4®4®
I DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT !
l^lSiiiiife PRICE 2S - 00 - I
A «K«Oddp"^>-fL- 1 5i5»l \ VVH Thle Belt Is warranted to be the Latest ♦
W rgKßrr j/^TrTi i rT~^> v 'J^Rl Improved, most powerful and In all re- ®
4 aUBFMJFTJUr^Sv '" < ■•■' A ?\i r2* x <*Bm ect " the Best now manufactured In -t-
fJ) ■EBJr ' i\ x /•"» / V^ \^BB an y la;t of th<- world. Its equal doea ;.
•♦- WlK>>»^ t h 2 fjlr ,—^SylßHl not exist. The Galvanometer shows Its i
A IBii2lofTifi7?* wm^' v «llfcJ;iillL'V\ fTTaB'iBPP' electric current to be double that of any "X.
V l^ffi•n^il^^^^i^ )^^O«ifl'.il^^ cthPr - Easily regulated! Durably In- &
X ViTtol^ fTf\ EL. irSSS»Br"? ! . 11 1 7lltf%r sulated! Latest Improved attaohmentsl -f
® A-^ T**^^ vH~4*s|Hß|s'cii»B\\S i l-"~ Special conductors and electrodes. Double (i-
-- \< V7 l '/^FlTx*"' ■ -I -Sftr V^'*' (fr* VVV> \ wire suspensory for men. Satln-Uned jr
flHkL^y/Rv V^rA-^if/mXV^ body belt. It will cure any dlseaee on A
fTj tirfY-^^Mi^m' * \\ V ' earth that it Is possible to cure with ®
® I 1 ' .^Sk^^'^ N. B— The kind of belts others Bell at a-
-4 - - < 3J*Wf^7*- . high prices we furnish at S:?..">i». ' V
® /^X>"^.''v ICT Uuy no belt till you call on vi <* A
4. "^V^N. " «" d Ie "tamp for •'Booklet No. 2." .
X . \ X T Addres*! ■ 4
! PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., I
® 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal. ®
®4®4® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4® 4 ®4® 4® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4<i4<s) 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4® 4®4®4®
outr'ggert skiff race. 3— lntermediate four
oared barge rare. 4— Senior outrigged skiff race.
s— Senior four-oared barge rare. 6— Naval
battalion cutter rac..-.
Entries for the regatta close next Fr'
day at the office of A. P. Rothkopf 3>S
Butter street. J. R. Bockman and \V. C.
Espy were appointed a committee tj see
thai the stakes are properly set. The
course will be along the water front from
Mission street, wharf half a mile to
ward the Mail dock, thence half a mile
back to the starting line.
The following officials of the day were
elected:
Referee, J. R. Bockman: starter. J. J.
McCarthy; marshal of the course. E. Scully:
assistant marshal of the course. E. Scully;
timers— A. P. Kothkopf. W. I.lake, J. T. Sulli
i van and D. Greenleaf; Judges— A. Taylnr. G. T.
! McQinness, T. .1. Sullivan. .1. Farrell. J. C.
Statner, W. B. Hinrhman, J. Brennan, M. J.
'alr.an, J. Lynns and J. Feehan.
The University of California crew,
; which won the junior barge race at El
Campo on Sunday, will probably enter the
j intermediate barge race, and if there is
no crew entered against them will row
in the senior barge event. If they pull as
seniors the Dolphin Club will probably
give the university boys the use of th-.-ir
new barge.
WILL SIGN NO PETITION.
General Warfield and His Guests
Strongly Oppose the Contem
plated Franchise.
General Warfield, when seen last night
and asked his opinion on the advisability
of the franchise, said: "I don't want to
see any electric road go down on Bush
street nor does any one of the guests In
my house. Mr. Baldwin seems to fhiuk
it Is a good thing and as he is acting for
the owners of the property 7 suppose they
wish it also. But it Is my business first
to consult the wishes of my guests and
therefore I am most strongly opposed to
it. The situation of the house is such
that it is quiet and away from the noise
of the street cars, and neither 1 nm 1 those
who patronize me wish noisy, sleep-dis
turbing electric cars to go whizzing past
our windows.
"Mr. Baldwin left a petition here to
night praying that the Supervisors grant
the necessary franchises. The only
names, thus far. on the petition are his
own and that of Mrs. Stanley, for whom
he is acting, and they are about the only
names that will go on it from this house.
] don't wish to buck against a Btone
wall and fur that reason am going no
farther in my opposition than to protest.
No, neither I nor any of my guests are
in favor of any such undertaking."
THE SOUTHWELL COMPANY
WILL REMAIN TO CHARM
MOROSCO MANAGES TO SECURE
THE TALENTED TROUPE.
Music Lovers Will Be Pleased to
Learn That They Will Be Able
to Enjoy Good Opera
for Months.
The Southwell Opera Company will re
main m this city and occupy the boards
at the Grand Opera-house for a much
longer season than was at iirst antici
pated, thanks to a sharp business deal
entered Into last week between the mem
bera of the company and Walter M<>
rosco.
Southwell, under whose management
the company came here a few months
ago from the East, leaves to-morrow
night for the Fast again, perhaps to or
ganize a new company, for the one which
has been playing to biff houses at the
Grand Opera-house under his direction
have all signed themselves over to Walter
Morosco, and they will continue to pre
sent popular operas throughout the com
ing fall and winter. Morosco has sue
■ i in securing the services of every
member of the company. En addition Mr.
Morosco has made a contraci with wolf,
the Eastern costumer who lias furnished
the company with the gorgeous costumes
which they hare worn in the production
of the operas which they have thus far
rendered to the local music loving public.
Mr. Wolf is the proud possessor of a
collection of costly costumes f'>r nearly
every opera that was ever presented by
a first-class company. The singers have
be< ■■ engaged by Morosco to remain at
the Grand for a period of forty-three
weeks.
Luckily for them, their contracts with
Mr. Southwell had < xpired, and when Mo
rosco offered them flattering inducements
to remain here they readily accepted.
TAX ON STUDENTS.
The Governor Calls a Special Meet
ing of the University
Regents.
Governor On pro has called a special
mooting of the regents of the State Uni
versity for the purpose of reconsidering
their action in taxing each student a
matriculation fee of $2i\ The meeting will
be held on next Saturday.
While there Is considerable opposition to
the proposed tax the governing body of
the institution claims that such action is
necessary in order to overcome the de
ficiency in the fund for maintenance. In
explanation of the action of the majority
of the regents one of thorn said yesterday:
"All we want is an assurance from Gov
ernor Gage that if the regency borrows
the money to pay the Indebtedness the
State will make some provision for its re
payment. We have carefully considered
the matter, and unless the Governor
comes to our rescue the proposed tax will
have to stand."
STOLE A PIPE.
Officer Butler's Lively Chase After a
Petty Offender.
Edmund Rich, a man well known to the
police south of Market street, walked into
the Sunset Bazaar on Third street last
night and when he saw what appeared
to be a favorable opportunity snatched a
pipe and ran. A cry wa.s immediately
raised and Officer Butler started in pur
suit of the man, followed by an excited
crowd. Rich was captured on Second
Street, between Market and Mission, and
taken to the City Prison, where he was
charged with petty larceny and vagrancy.
Elected State Normal Principal.
Professor Frpdcrirk L. Burk, president
of the State Teachers' Association and
recently superintendent of the Santa Bar
bara schools, is to be the president of
the new San FrnnMs-co State Normal
School. He was unanimously elected last
night durinp a lon^ executive meeting
by the Trustees of the Institution, nt
which State Superintendent Kirk was
preflent. There was a lons discussion of
the nlans for the new institution, but
nothing new of importance was accom
plished. Two assistant teachers are to
be provided :md these will be appointed
in the future by President Burk with the
approval of the Trustees.
PASTORS TALKED
ABOUT BURIALS
AND CREMATION
Dr. Hill Dwelt ori a
Grave Subject.
HE FAVORED INCINERATION
KEY. E. P. DENNETT MADE A
SHAxvP CRITICISM.
He Declared That the Odd Fellows'
Crematory Is Nothing More
Than a Heathen Temple.
What Others Said.
Rev. Everett M. Hill, pastor of the
Twenty-fourth Avenue M. E. Church,
East Oakland, caused some diversion at.
the weekly meeting of the Methodist
ministers yesterday morning by reading
a paper on "Cremation Versus Burial."
The paper contained some striking ideas,
and the discussion which followed its
reading proved highly interesting. Rev.
E. P. Dennett expressed himself forcibly,
lie said:
"The niches In the columbarium at the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery have been given
Greek names ami there is no suggestion
that the building is the last resting place
of the dead in a Christian land. The
general effect is that of a heathen tem
ple. I should hate to have the ashes of
one I love left there, where there is no
name or symbol of Christianity. It al
most seems as If It were a wan_m insult
to Christian faith. I am a believer in
cremation, but I would not want to be
put in a place like that when I die."
Rev. Dr. I'rmy favored incineration,
and stated that when he passed away his
friends would oblige him by cremating
his remains. Dr. Coyle was opposed to
cremation. He said it was nothing more
than annihilation, and he could not bear
the idea of seeing the remains of any of
his loved ones "housed in a tin can."
In expounding his views on the subject,
Dr. Hill iirst traced the history of cre
mation as a foundation for his argument.
He said:
Without doubt it is a fact that cremation I
erased in Europe because of the religious sen
timent against It, as It was thought to be an- \
tagonistl* to humanity and to interfere with j
the resurrection and the rehabilitation of the j
body at the Judgment. These sentiments ob
tain to a great extent to-day, and are m«.re j
prevalent than la generally believed. It is |
thought that if cemeteries are in cities or near
residences the gases escaping will contaminate
the air and corrupt matter percolating through
the earth will impregnate the water, which |
when consumed brings on typhoid fever and
many other diseases.
The eyes of science are exceedingly sharp
and we are admonished <>n all Fides to beware I
of the germs that are everywhere in our lives.
Some enterprising silversmith got hold of the
idea ot transferring germs by contact and by
careful and systematic advertising terrified the
people into giving up th» common cup of our
Savior for the stylish individual cups of mod
ern society churches. In fact so horrifying
are the ghosts of imagination that contagious
perms hover over the heads of lovers, that the
agonizing thought is ever present that the ,
delicious art of kissing is to be relegated to
the sweet dream of the heyday past. In fact, ;
the society custom of ladies greeting each other
with a kiss will doubtless ere long be dis
placed by the more hygienic Oriental custom of
rubbing noses.
Probably the Idea "f cremation Is more, than
a fad, though doubtless it will eventually takf
on more the nature of a "•fashion." the thought
of the health of the living never entering the
of the vast majority.
The speaker then quoted P>lla "Wheeler
Wllcox. Professor Joseph Le Cbnte and
other well-known people who are believ
ers in cremation. In concluding, he said:
"Bury the dead for the sake of the liv
ing in the most beautiful s]x>t of earth
When it is not needful to burn them for
the sake of the living."
The following officers were elected to
act during the ensuing term: President,
• 'harks Edward Locke: secretary. Rev.
E. P. Dennett; committee on programme.
Rev. J. N. Beard, Rev. A. N. Iseedharn
and Rev. E. M. Hill.
CHANGES IN ASSESSMENTS.
Outlying Districts Get the Benefit of
New Valuations.
Assessor Dodge baa about completed
the real estate assessment roll. It will
show many marked changes in outlying
districts, where for years property has
been assessed for much more than the I
owners thought just. Uniform reductions
made under the new assessment cover an
area embracing three-quarters of the
property in the city and county. The
districts comprising this area are all
homestead tracts and include Richmond,
property south of the park, South San
Francisco, Homer's addition and from
Thirtieth street down to the county hue.
Certain sections of down-town busines.s
property, where rent values have been
steadily declining, have been reduced in
the aggregate $800,000. This total reduc
tion of more than $2,000,000 is more than
offset by the Increase in the valuation of
certain Veal estate. on the chief thorough
fares and in the best business sections, .
where the valuation has been consider- :
ably less than in other portions of the j
city in proportion to the selling price.
It is estimated, however, that the tax
on all real estate, whether the valuation
has been lessened or increased, will be
decreased. This is owing to the fact th:it '
the great increase in the assessment roll j
will result in a lower tax rate. An hi- J
spectlon of the tax roll shows that the
increase in the personal property rolls
has been made through increased assess- j
ments on the personal property of quasi
public corporations, as well as through I
large additions brought about through :n- !
creased assessments on capitalists and
money lenders. It is also estimated that
from $5,0'i0,000 to $10,000,000 will be added
to the rolls by increased assessments of
mercantile and business houses, assessed
last year considerably below the assess
ment on others in the same business.
In the Divorce Court.
Ar.nio K. Lindsay was prantcti a divorce
yesterday from John R. Lindsay on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Mrs. Lindsay
was allowed alimony in the sum of $15 a
month.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Apnes David against Robert L. David, for
extreme cruelty; Selrto Abramsky against
Isaac Abramsky, for failure to provide,
and Ella F. Loehr against George W.
Loehr, for infidelity.
KAILKOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MMJMT AAAIALPAIJS 6CEIHC HAILVV^Y
Leave San Francisco, via iiausulitu Kerry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1593.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
• day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m. •
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 d. m.
Far*, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Arts.. 621 Market at. ,
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MtlTHi:R> l>4< IFI4 iojipant.
(PACIFIC SVsi I M. 1
Train* Ifinc and me <lu«> in nrrlve »•
nan ntAN<:iM<:o.
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street)
leave — Fnovr June 25, 1899. — arriv_
7:00.\ Denicia, Snlsun and Sacramento.... 5:-15p
7:O«a Maryßville, ()rv.illoft!nl Redding via
V.'oodland 5:4.1 p
7:«Oa Elroira, Vacavills and liiinisey 8: lop
7:lti! a Marti' San Uaiuon, Vallejo, Napa,
igaemlSwita Boss 0:1. "Sp
8:<»0a Atlantic _tpress, Ugdeu and Kant.. »:!■">*
stiilOA Sail Jose, Ltfermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placmille,
JlnrysTllli", <:iild), lied lilulf i:MT
8:30 a *_Dlto_. Oakdaloaud Sonora Islsp
8:30 a Yo3cmito Valley via O.^kdalo and
Chinese 4:1 5p
!):00a Huvwarils. Nil. r, «ml Way Stations. 1 1:45 a,
9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, I.atliroi), Stockton,
JliTced an 1 Fresno ' 12:13p
: 11:00* Fresno, liakersliuld. Santa H,nl.>m,
Los Angoles, Doming, Xl Paso,-
New Orleans andEaet 6: t."sp
10:00 a. Valli-jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43F
1 1 :OOa Haywarda, Niles and Way Stations. 2: lip
l!i:OO_ Hues, Llvermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Ilaufnrd, Visalia,
Pcrterrillo l:l.tp
•l:OOp Sacramento ltlver Steamers ««<:OI»p
3:0 Op Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. »:4.Yp
*:»»p Martiuer., San Hamon, Vallejo, "j .
Napa, UaMstoga, Smita «:Is_
Brnicia, Vacavillo, Hacranicntn,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marj-svlll •, <)ro»illo 10:45*
4iBof San. Toseand Stockton 7:1.1p
4:30p Vosemite Sleeping Car for Kaymond IS:I3P
3:00pT1io OwL Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Bantrus for Sauta Barbara,
. Los Aug. 9:45*
si_»p Stockton, Merced, Fresno i«:i.i»
S:3Op Martinez, Tracy, BCondota, Fresno,
Mo]aveaudl_s Angeles Bi4.T*
5:30p , Santa I-.. Itoiile, AtlaiUla Express
for Molave and ICast 0:43 p
8:MOp Chicago-Sau FranciscoHpecial.Osiluii
and Knst RtJ.ip
O:OOp Jlaywards, Nile* and Nan Jose 7»43_
•O:OOr- Vallejo lii:lsp
7:O«i- Oregon l':x|iresß,Racratnento, Marys-
ville. KediliiiK, Portland, Pngut
Hoitndniitl Ki»9t .. . . 7i4."»4
t»t©Op Vall.-jo, Port Costa and Way Bta
Uonß , }IO:.1OP
COAST DIVISION (Xarron linage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:15 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:05»
8:15 a Newark, lentervllle, San Jose, Pel ton,
lioulderCrcek,Bai:iaC'ri:7.und\Vay
Stations 3:30p
•2:1 5p Newark, Centerville, Sun Jose, New
Almadeu, Folton, Boulder Crnek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations * 10:5(1*
4:15p San Joso, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a
M:lspFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlong /»:■-<»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
! from SAN FRaKCISCO — Foot or M»rU«t Str«at (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:03 *2:03 13:03
•4:00 tB:OO *8:00 p.M.
FromOmiND— Foot orBro»d»»T.— "0:00 8:00 I0:O0a.w.
tl2:00 »I:QQ t2:00 ♦3:03 |<:C0 '5:001. m.
COAST DIVISION (BroadGMge).
(Third and TownHend St.-'.)
•«:lOa Ocean View, South Han Francisco. . *0:30p
•7:OOa San Jose nnd Way Stations (New
Almadrn Wednesdays only) *S:OOA
17:30 a Sunday Kxciursiou for Santa Cruz,
Piicilio tirovtj and Principal Way
Stations JS:35p
»■•©« Han Jose, Tr.-s Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pad Ho Grove. Paso Rubles, Sail
I, ni» Oliiapo, '■liirf, Lg_ik.ic and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
1O:4Oa San Jose nml Way Stations SiB9_
11:30* San J.mo ami \V;iy Stations l»30»
•2:431- San JlatPo, Krdwood, Menlo Park,
P:i!o Alto, Santa Clara, Hun .l"se,
HolliBter, Sunta Vtnz. Salines,
Monterey 1 Pacltlo Grove *10:36 a
; ■Bt3op San.Tcisc. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations # 7:30p
i •4:15p San.Toseand Principal Way Slallnns O: I.la
•5:00p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations •»iBsa
»:3Oi» San Jose ami Principal Way Stations ««:OOa
6::ioi- San .lose nn.l May tions 5:30p
I f11:4.1r San -niMl Way .Stations t7.-:top
A for Morning. P for After
•Sunday exci'ptKd. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
tSatuiilay »nd Sur.dai-- /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. (A
i__c_3s_ain
Ml FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN I.'EANCISCO TO BAN RAFASL,
*n_EK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:31,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — ESz uu trips at l:at
and 11:80 p. m,
lUNDAYS— 9-0, 11:00 a. m. : 1:20, 3.« C
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:«L
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:66 and 8:33 p. m.
iUXUAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40. 6:«w
6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Part
' nme schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Can Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i . April 18. -
i Week Sun- 1&99. Bun- Week
; Pays. days. Destination. days. Daya.
1:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an*
8:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm, 10:23 an*
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Itora. 7:35 pm 6:20 pta
Fulton,
t :80 am Windsor, 10:25 -SB
Eealdsburg;
Lytton,
GeyservUle,
■£0 pm 8:00 am Uloverdale. 7:35 pm 9:23 pan
T:80 am Hopland and 10:25 as«
1:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
_^^^^ ____ M _. m
t :80 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Quersevllle. T:B6 pm
1:80 pm 6:20 pat
T:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
and
1:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen EJlen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pxa
T:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. [10:40 am 10:23 ant
1:30 pm 6:00 pm I 7:35 pmj 6:23 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
: port and Bartlett Spring?; at Ukiah for Vich*
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
' Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
I Bucknell's, ■ Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle.
; Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs. .
Kavarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
' Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?.
Westport, Ueal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum«
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
I Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
i reduced rates. .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pcintj
{ beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St., Chronicle bldgi
1 H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent*
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
tl* a_tUMlit* Fairy.
Commencinc April' 23, 1599.
FROM SA-N FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN- RAFAEL.
WEEK DAIS— »8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a, m. :
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. 5:15, *6:(. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •9:W. '10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30, 4:00. s:io. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Kaf'l Sundays*
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill vai'y Sunday*.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.-
WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:65, 8:40. »10:20
a m.: 12:30, 2:15. '3:40, 4:35. 5:13 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:0Q, '3:45. '10:45, *11:43
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, *3:30, »5:15, *6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quontin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
WEEK DAYS— 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m. : 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, ■ 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05.
1:20 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
' " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
5:15 P. m. week days 'riaturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations;
8:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. M. 1888. trains will run as follow^
** Bouth-bound. I North-bound.
jpaaaan- Mixed. Mixed. Passa».
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
; E_lly. Excptd Ezc'ptd Daily. ';
f:M am 10:80 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am 1:08 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 prq
11:38 am 7:46 pm Hanford 7:40 am 1:45 pm
1:16 pm 12:30 am Eakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 anj
11:61 ara 6:25 pm Visalia (:40 am 1:22 pra
2:15 pm 6:68 pin] Tulare. 6:60 am 1:05 pmj
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Man-Tar's Olflca, 321 M_rk_j
yimt Ban Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary,
625KEABNYST. Establlsaed
I-Mg^^ial. In 1554 for the treatment of Private
MB LJ^Wm Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
JRjgWlM_B_» disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
_^mW__HW .Skin Diseases. The doctor cures •
_HHB others fall. Try him. Charges low.
SN__ES— Bi CnrencnaraDlrrd, Callorwritk
_»r. J. _'. ttIBBON, Box 1037, Sao Franclaca
910
FOUGHT FIRE
ON SHIPBOARD
THREE TIMES
Thrilling Experience
of Captain Kidd.
HIS BRIDE ACCOMPANIED HIM
— -♦_ —
CHANGES AMONG CUSTOMS OFFI-
CERS ON THE FRONT.
Fourth of July Regatta to Be Held
Sunday— Man-of-War Held Re
sponsible for Running
Down a Junk.
Captain W. R. Kidd of th* British ship I
Crompton has had more experience with
burning- vessels Ulan perhaps any master
now In port. Last yr>ar he was master of
the Hollinwood and Is now back here for .
: the first time since that vessel was burned
■
While on her way here from Newcastle.
N. S. \v.. with coal tli«j Holllnwood'a i
r.irgo heated and Captain Ivldd had to put ;
' into Port Lyttleton, X. '/... in distress, j
•. After: setting away from New Zealand he i
n-.et the British ship Republic, from New- ■
cnstle, also for San Francisco. She was !
•■on fire, and for five days the crew, aided
'by. men from the Hol'.inwood, fought the j
\ ■fiamo?. but finally they had to retire
•!l>eatnn. Captain find crew went aboard
flit* Hollinwood and Captain Kidd brought!
theni to San Francisco The Republic j
' .bnrned for several weeks and then sunk.
-After loading wheat here Captain Kidd J
; took- the Hollinwood to England, and
'.from There via a South American port to i
Sydney; X. S. W. While in Australia he
,' .voa's -jnarried and his bride accompanied
.•.Win .when the inwood once more
reatted for England. She was loaded with |
. ;^oi.il : . tallow, hides, glue, copra and lum- ;
..•be.ii7.arid it proved to be a most disastrous
- :i''aFF>; to handle.
• '•-■.\y l ti.en the Eiollinwood was about 300
• mile:*- southwest of the Azores a fire was
■discovered in the fore hatch. Smoke was
coming out of the ventilators and things
••jbegari to look .serious. The fore hatch
w.-ir taken off and some of the cargo was
• broken out. A bale of glue pieces was
.' found to bo on lire and it was thrown
•.overboard. The danger was over for the
time being; but a careful watch was kept.
:J2lght days later the smoke • ran to come
' out of^tbe ventilators again, and when j
.. the fore hatch was taken off the flames
'burst forth with such fierceness as to
"drive the crew aft.
• The fire was discovered during the night '
•nr.ri during the previous day Captain Kidd |
■ had spoken the German bark Pallas and
■ the British ship Pattardale. When he saw
lhat-the fire was likely to gain the mas
tery he began firing rockets and stood
flown In the direction where he thought
the' two vessels would be.
Soon after the fore hatch was taken off i
.thvy copra caught fire and the fore hold
' became a furnace. The heated air blew
•Xo: R- hatch off. the foremast began to
settle,,: the water alongside the vessel be
■': gan- to .'sizzle and the Hollinwood looked ;
vdVuiryed. The men were driven away from
. the.' pumps by tin- smoke, but buckets
. were: procured and the Rght against the
Tin*. ! fiend went on. Captain Kidd tried
: Fpvernl times to pet bis wife to leave the
bi'p in one of the boats, but she would
. ry>t desert him. She stayed by the Hol
'. linwood to the lust and left the vessel
with Captain Kidd.
After fighting the fire for twelve hours
,' Captain Kidd and his crew took the boat a
• nnd boarded Ihe Pallas and • rdale.
: Captain and Mrs. Kidd went on the Pallas
'and on September 13 last reached Eng
land. A Spanish merchantman put Into ■
the Azores before that date and reported
• the Holllnwood on fire and abandoned,
The news was telegraphed all over the
world; and for a time Mrs. Kidd's rela
tives in Australia gave her up for lost. .
A. Danish man-of-war also sighted the
burning ship and cruised around for
nearly a week looking for her boats con
taining the crew.
Soon after be «ot hack to England the
owners of the Hollinwood made Captain
Kidd master of the Crorapton; and he at
once took her to Swansea to load for San
Francisco. She arrived here a few days
; . ogo and will load wheat for Europe. Cap
tain Kidd has a host of friends In this
port, as lie has been coming here for the
past -eighteen years as apprentice, third,
■ second and first mate, and latterly as
"master. His new command is one of the
largest and finest steel vessels coming
■ here; She brought 14M tons of coal and
rokf> from Swansea.
k, .".:- THe crew of the American bark Rufus
' E. Wood had an experience during the
voyage from Sydney. X. S. W.. to San
.-.Francisco that they will not forget In a
• hurry. On April 2. in latitude 33 degrees
-.' south, longitude IS-0 degrees west, a shock
•'• ! of earthquake made the vessel shiver. The
watch below rushed on deck and every
body thought for a moment the vessel had
• struck a rock. A rush was made for the
hoats, but Captain McLeod Boon recalled
Trffr men to their duty. The pumps were
■■'t.r.ie.H and no leak found, after which an
examination was made. It was then seen •
from the general appearance of things !
. that it was an earthquake that had given
■ th« men the scare.
..-' Captain Callaghan of the British cruiser I
. ■■•
DESTRUCTION OR THE HOLLINWOOD.
Orawn From a Description Given toy Captain W/. R. Kldd.
ON her last visit here, a year ago, the Hollinwood brought in the crew of the ship Republic, burned at sea. On that
voyage the Hollinwood had been herself on fire, but Captain Kldd and his men put It out. From here the Hollin
wood went to England, and thence to Sydney. N. S. W., where she loaded wool, tallow, copra, glue and lumber.
During the vessel's stay in Australia Captain Kidd was married, and his bride failed with him on his outward trip!
The cargo caught fire and was put out. It caught fir? again and the vessel was destroyed. All hands were saved. Cap
tain Kldd arrived here a few days ago as master of the British ship Crompton.
REWARDED FOR WORK
IN TIME OF PERIL
Uncle Sam Appre=
ciates His
Friends.
ANTHONY DX LA TORRE Jr.,
who soon after the election of
President McKlnley was ap
pointed Spanish interpreter for
the United States Immigration
office at this port, was yesterday ap
pointed Immigration Inspector and
Spanish interpreter to the bureau. The
appointment of Mr. de la Torre was
made by Secretary of the Treasury
Gage on the recommendation of the
local Immigration Commissioner, Hart
H. North.
During the recent Spanish war Mr.
de la Torre acted as assistant United
States secret service agent by appoint
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury
in addition to his duties as Spanish in
terpreter in the Immigration bureau,
and rendered valuable service to the
Government In assisting In the espion
age of Spanish spies.
Tfermione has learned (hat a Chinese fish
ing smack cannot be run down with Im
punity. A fleet of fishing boats was on Its
wav to the fishing grounds last March,
when the. Hermione came along at a ten
knot gait. The boat owned by Vi Ing 1- at
Choy was run down and Mrs. Wing Fat
Chov and her three children were
drowned. The Chinese sued Captain ( al
laghan for damages In the Hongkong
courts and won his suit While the Rio
de Janeiro was In port Chief Justice pood
man of the Hongkong Supreme Court held
that the man-of-war was to blame and
must pay for the Junk. When It came to
awarding compensation for the loss of the
Chinaman's family he held that Mrs.
Wing Fat Choy was only worth $150 to
her husband from a commercial stand
point, while the children were valueless.
There are to be a number of changes
among th- Custom-house officers on the
fr^nt next month. On July 1 Boarding
Officer Sprague will become district officer
at Lombard-street wharf and Inspector
Hocker will take his place at Melggs
wharf District Officer Johnson will be
come a discharging officer and Inspector
Mitchell will take his place at Pacific
street wharf. District Officer McGinnes
will become a discharging officer and in
spector Kellogg will take his place at the
ruga" refiner?' District Officer Harrison
will become a discharging officer and In
spector I "lii will take his place at Port
Costa These are the usual changes made
every' year by the Surveyor of the Port.
The Fourth/of July regatta is to be held
nex< Sunday instead of this day week
The rowing events will be held In the
morning in Mission Bay and the sailing
events off Meiggs wharf during the alter
noon ' There will be a Whitehall race, a
race for fishing smacks and a gasoline
launch race. Almost every boat In the
bay has been entered In these three
classes and their owners are busy getting
them ready There are to be five prizes
for the Whitehall? 173 Sal $30 $20 and $10
--and about thirty boats have been entered.
The fishing boats will contest for three
prizes 'of $50 $30 and $20. and the prizes
for the gasoline boats have not yet been
fixed. For the rowing races $200 has been
set [de to buy trophies.
Captain H. D. Smith, for several years
master of the steamer Truckee, died last
Sunday from heart disease. He was the
best known of San Francisco's younger
ship captains and will be very much
The Harbor Commissioners held an ex
ecutive session yesterday and re-threshed
the question of abolishing the piledrivers.
The matter will come up for settlement.
Bateman Bros." disputed claim for extra
work on the new ferry depot was referred
to Chief Engineer Holmes.
A CLUBMAN MARRIED.
Psrcy Morse and Miss Mabel Smith
Joined in Wedlock.
One of th<- prettiest of June weddings
was that of Percy Morse, prominent as
ili" foremosi athlete of the Olympic Club,
nnd Miss Mabel Victoria Smith, the
daughter of George Smith, the weii
known stenographer. The young couple
were married in St. Stephen's Church at
9 o'clock last night, Key. Edgar l,yon
officiating.
The church was handsomely decorated
and long before the hour for the cere
■ s it was lilled by the many invited
Ib of bride and groom. The bride
Is a sister of "Pete" Smith, who Ik<s been
captain "f the Olympic Club football team
during the last four years. The groom,
Percy Morse, has played under the Olym
pic banners since that cPffb organized a
tt-am. With the beginning of thfir foot
ball acquaintance a warm friendship
ng up between the two athletes.
Percy Morse did not confine his affections
to his brother athlete, as last night's cere
mony at Jests.
The maid <>f honor was Dora i:. SmHh.
a sister of ihe bride. H. (J. Morse, brother
Of the frroom, was best man. After tne
ceremonies thf^weddine party repaired to
the home of the bride's parents, where
a dinner was served to 150 guests, the fes
tivities lasting far Into th<-- morning. The
voting couple will enjoy a honeymoon trip
in the southern part of t"he State.
Pay for Block's Deputies.
Such deputies nf ex-Tax Collector
Block who worked three days of last Jan
uary preparatory to turning over the of- !
flee" to Collector Sheehan will Ret their !
pay for their labor. Tn an opinion liled ,
yesterday with the Board of Supervisors.'
City and '"ounty Attorney Lane advises
them that the deputies are entitled, to the :
money and should be paid.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJKE 27, 1899.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. E. Grogan. n hotel man of Los Gatos,
Its nt the California.
P. J. Kemp Van Ee> of Hobson Ib regis
tered (it the Palace.
Judge J. R. Lewis of San Jose Is & guest
nt the Occidental.
E. C. Allen, a mining man of Dawson.
If registered at the Palace.
Willis Pike, a fruit grower of Fresno, Is
ono of the late arrivals at the Grand.
Among yesterday's naval arrivals at the
Occidental was Lieutenant W. W. Bush.
Dr. Wnkefleld of San Jose is staying at
the Occidental on a short visit to the city.
F. J. Grace has returned from his trip
to China and Is staying at the California.
J. O. Honser, a manufacturer of Stock
ton, Is at the Grand, accompanied by his
wife
John Herbst, a merchant of Arcata, Is
among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Lick.
Frank L. Parker and Roscoe K. Ingalls
arrived at the Palace last evening on the
Eastern overland.
11. C. Nash, the librarian of Stanford
University. Is nt the California with his
bride of a few days.
At the Grand are F. Burk, a merchant
nf Santa Barbara and Edwin Swinford.
tho < lolusa lawyer.
W. J. Berry, an "oil man" of Selma, and
Alfred Daggett, an attorney of Vlsalia,
are registered at the Lick.
Colonel William Forsyth, a Fresno v!ne
yardist, is staying at tho Occidental.
where he arrived yesterday.
J. W. Henderson, a banker of Eureka,
Is in the city on a short business trip.
He Is staying at the Lick.
E. R. Spanieling. H. B. Spauldlng nnd
S. S. Spaulding, three business men of
Santa Barbara, are guests at the Palace.
X. H. Foster, assistant to Manager Fill
more of the Southern Pacific, left last
night on a two weeks' vacation to the
Yosemite.
Milford Dennis, a wealthy mine owner
of Sutter Creek, is registered at the Occi
dental. Dr. O. L. Barton of the Hermann
mine, is a guest at the Occidental.
W. M. Ruckhalter. a millionaire lumber
man of Truckee, and Thomas J. Kirk,
Superintendent of Public Instruction at
Sacramento, are both registered at the
Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, June 20.— A. W. Merrill of
San Francisco Is at the Fifth Avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Friscoe of San Fran
cisco are at the Hoffman en route to
Europe. Edgar Watts and Irving M.
Scott and wife of San Francisco are at tne
Holland. A. B. Bowers and Joe Selby of
San Francisco art at the Imperial. John
Miller of San Francisco is at the Bar
tholdi. M. Marcuse and H. H. Crocker of
San Francisco are at the Vendome.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 20.— J. W. Eddy
of Los Angeles is at the St. James. W. A.
Thompson of Fresno is at the National.
Rau Convicted.
\Y. F. Rau, charßed with assault rommlt
tod upon Minnie Bchank on March 6 last,
was convicted by a jury In Judge Law
lor'a court yesterday. On account r,f thf>
peculiar nature of thf case, the .Tudfre
fell justified in submit tins two Bpecial
questions to the .itiry. l>oth of which wore
deckled in the affirmative. Thp firft was.
"Was the complaininp witness under 10
at the time of the crime?" Tho second
was "Was the crime committed without
force?" These questions the Judge de-
Blred answered In order to assist him. in
assessing the penalty. It was shown that
the girl had been keepinp company with
the defendant for some time. It Is under
stood they will be married if the sentence
Imposed by the court will allow it.
ASSESSOR DODGE
HAS TROUBLE FOR
THE BOYS ON TAP
A General Clean-Out
Coming.
MANY DISCHARGES AT HAND
NEW MEN FOR OLD JOBS IN A
POLITICAL TIME.
The Office Trembles at the Report
That Several Regular Deputies
Will Be Cashiered
This Week.
An Impending- shake-up In the Assess
or's office Is keeping many of the em
ployes on the verge of nervous prostra
tion and creating a good deal of quiet gos
sip among the City Hall employes and
other "pollles."
It Is an open secret that on Friday next
a small cyclone will strike the otHoe. On
that day about fifty employes of the class
known as "outside deputies" will be let
out. These are the neld men, who have
been employed, as usual, In canvassing
the property owners of the city and re
porting on their worldly possessions for
the purposes of the Assessor's roll, and
they will be discharged merely because
their work will be done and their stat
utory time of employment is up. as the
Assessor's roll must be completed and
turned over to the Supervisors by the first
Monday In July.
The relief of these fifty Job holders will
be regular and natural and the cause of
no especial comment, but the trouble will
be that a lot of the regular office force
will be "tired" along with them, and ap
parently for political reasons. A number
of those who were of the lucky small
minority of place hunters who really rot
on the Assessor's regular payroll through
the political pulls that counted after iJr.
Dodge's election will be set adrift, like
chips, In this outgoing tide of "extras,"
and the number is reported to be any
where from eight to a dozen. It will be
alleged, It Is said, that these are incom
petent, and that their discharge and the
appointment of several new men in their
places is simply In the interest of the
highest efficiency of the office.
More Interest is displayed In the ques
tion of who will go in than In the one of
who will go out. The vacancies will af
ford a chance to do politics In a critical
time, and the politicians are wondering
how and through what Influences the pol
itics will b»> done.
BACK PAY FOR TEACHERS.
They Will Get the Drawback on Their
January Salaries.
Warrants for tin- 5 per r»-nt of the Janu
ary salary of the teachers in the Bchool
department held back through an agree
ment of the School Board with the Audi
tor, will be paid this month. All that re
mains to be done is for President Berge
rot of the board and Superintendent Web
ster to affix their names to the demands.
This it is said they will accomplish by
the loss of :l little sleep so that the
precious documents may be In the hands
of the teachers by Friday morning. It is
safe to say that tlvy will all be in the
keeping of the treasurer before he closes
that evening.
Our National Faith.
This evening the Rev. Alexander N.
Carson will lecture before San Francisco
Council No. 14. Order of Americus, in Its
council room In the Alcazar building, on
"(Mir National Faith." Complimentary
tickets can be obtained from any member
of the council.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Nightingale Jr. to John Nifirhtlnual*>
Sr., lot on S\V corner of Oak street and Van
X>-ss avenue, W 23, S 59:9, NE 25:4 N 39-2' i"
$10.
J. G. W. and Minna Schulte to Phllipp
Grethel, lot on ?\V corner of Waller and Fill
more streets, \V 106:3. S 120, E 25, X ?6 E 81:3,
X 24; JlO.
Theodore G. Cockrlll to Josephine Cockrlll,
lot on W line of Broderick . street, 105:1 S of
Sacramento, S 27:0 by 82:6; (rift.
Andrean 1!. Bullard to Lydla V.. Hubley. lot
on W line of Belcher street, 100 X of Four
teenth, X 25 by W 125; $10.
Auguste Hauffe to Charles Behnke, lot on
W line of Castro street, 125 S of Eighteenth,
S 24 by W 125; gift.
Ellen Haley to Richard Haley, lot on N'W line
of Minna street, 150 SW of Seventh. SW 26 by
XW 75; $1.
L.orin Hrarn to Walter S. Brann. lot on TV
line of Missouri street, 62:6 X of Mariposa, X
75 by W 100; Krant.
San Francisco Land Company (a corporation)
to Katherlne 1.. Cole. lot on E line of Four
teenth avenue, 225 S of I>ake street. S 25 by E
120; $10.
Jacob and I>ina Il»yman to Joel H. Smith,
lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 225 S of
<.«> street, S 30 by E 120: $10.
George H. Mastic to University of Vermont,
lots 24 to 30. block 49, City i^and Association,
to correct 1774 d 3G9; «r..
Bay View I.,nn<l Company (a corporation) to
William Follmer, lots 24 and 25, block 581, Bay
Park Homestead Association; «rant.
M. A. Meier to John McDonnell, lot on PK
line of F ptreet, A*:* S\V if Fourteenth avenue.
S 6S degrees. E 73:2. RE 158 9, SW B9:8, NW
2"0:2^. SE 26:7, block 282, South San Francisco
Homesteafl; also lots 10 and 11. block 236, lnti> 1.
15 and 16, block 357, lots 15 and 16, block 382,
same: grant.
Eliza E. Frye to Hamilton Miller, lot 47,
block B, Park Lane Tract; $1".
William ruirke to Mary Burke, lot on S line
of Falrmount . street, 137 W of Chenery, W 23
by S 125. lot 84. block 15, Mission Thirtieth
Street Homestead Union; Rift.
Alameda County.
Mary Red.iock? to William EHfert, lot 14 and
E one-half lot 13, blo.-k 4. Amended Map But
ler Tract, Oakland; $."i.
William M. Huag to Frank A. T'rmson. lot
on N line of Eleventh Btreet, f>n W of West
50 by N 100. block 151. Oakland; $•">.
Mary and Thomas Burke, Michael I^arktn,
Frnnk McGlynn (administrator estate of M.
Larldn, by W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to
Oakland Hank of Pavings, lot on NE corner
of West Fifth and Center Btreetß, N 129, E IGO,
8 28 W 100, W 60 to beginning, block 493, Oak
land; $2400.
Morris Marks to Henry Sheldon, lot on NE
line of East Eleventh street. 7". NW Twenty
plxth avenue, X\V 2."» by NE 100. being lot 16,
block F, Knowles ami Potter Subdivision Ken
nedy Tract. East Oakland; $250.
Oeorpe W. Austin to Robert J. Tyson, lot
on N line of Rlake street. SO E of McOee ave
nue. E 40 by N 127. being lot IS, block 1,
Case Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Eugenic E. Meyer (wife of J. H.) to John
Hlnkel. lot IS. block n, lots 11 and 12. block
C, Hillegass Tract Map 3, Berkeley; $100.
William F. Hlllegasfl to same, lots 12 19
10, 26 nnd 2fi. block B. and lot in. block ('
Hlllegass Tract Map 3. Berkeley; $100.
Mary M. Wright to .Tnhn C. Broadle, lot on
SE corner of Telegraph and Ashby avenues
E 12K.52. S To. W 147.75. N 77.86. to beginning,
being a portion 'if plat 51, Kancha V. and D.
Pernlta. Berkeley; $IMO.
Central Pacific Railroad Company to Fred
erlcka and John Hofmann. lot on E line of
Calhoun avenue. 20 S of Tenth street. H 50 x
E l. r >o, being lot 5, block U, Huntlngton Tract
Brooklyn Township; $io.
Thomas A. and Mary B. Proctor to Fred A.
Prlndle, lot on S\V line of East Twenty-third
street. 130 NW of Twenty-thin] avenue, NW
BG.SS by Sff 110. being a portion of lots 2 and
3, block B, Subdivision H^ald Twenty-third
Avenue Tract. Brooklyn Township; $3000.
Mnrla L. Pierce to Jules B. IMdler, lot on
N "f Clement avenvie, 140:6)4 E of Everett
BtreeL. E 45 by N K.O, being tot 13. block 4,
Jenks and Mead Homestead. Alameda; $7. r >o.
Alamedn Land Company (a corporation) to
Jennie Sedgley (wife of Walter), lot on W
line of Lafayette street. 4R:4 S of Enclnal ave
nue. W us hy s EO, Alameda; $io.
Bank of Pleajsanton to Millie M. Reed (wife
of James T.) the S nne-hnlf if lot X of plat
52. Rancho El Valle de San Jose, Murray Town
ship; $10.
R. E. and Minnie A. L.anKworthy to C I,
and Mia Malinqulst. lot on W line of Adeline
Mreet, 369 N of Fourteenth, N 35 by W HO
block 587, subject to a mortgage for $°suu'
Oakland: $10.
Mutual Investment T'nlon to William H
Chlckerlnsr. lot on NW corner of Hillside and
Piedmont avenues, NW 202.42, S\V 254.R0. t.. the
Intersection of E and N lines of Piedmont
avenue, thence S to intersection of center line
thereof, thence SE 175.20. NE 230.67. N U.SZ
to beginning, being a portion of lot S. part \'
Subdivision Bowman Tract, Oakland TownshiD
?lo.
Alexander Campbell to Henry Palmer. lots
10 and 11, block 8, Jos« Domingo Tract BerkgJ
ley; J' 1
■i^^mt T. itowers to Pamuel H. L.lnsjar.l
lot on E line of Grove, street, 300 N of Cedar'
N 50 by E 135. being lot U. block 5, Graves
and Taylor Tract, subject to a mortgage for
$1000. Berkeley; $10.
Dumbarton Land and Improvement Company
to John Qulglay, beginning at a point on W
boundary In Rancho Potrero de loa Cerrltos,
■where It Is Intersected by N boundary In sec
tion 17. township 4 south, range 2 west, thence
S to N bank of the N fork Plummers Creek,
thenoe TV to E boundary line lands Christian
Bothsow and Christian Rasmussen. by deed of
February 26, IS7S, thence N to S bank Ala
meda Creek, thence E to N boundary line of
section 17. thence E to beginning, being a por
tion of se<-tl.,n 17, township 4 south, range 2
west, quitclaim deed, Washington Township;
$10.
William H. Knight (administrator estate
of Bf-Ue H. Dudley) to Henry L. Rea, lot on
S line of Uuena Vista avenue, 68:1 W of Oak
(or Twenty-third) Ftreet, W 31:11 by S 86, be
ing a portion of lot 11 block 39, Lands Ad
jacent to Enclnal. Alameda: 1720.
J. O. anr] Mary Caseres to Elizabeth Vander
lleth, lot 23, Lorln Villa Tract. Berkeley; JW.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. . '
Miss J Ward. Reno X Logan. Auburn
W R Grant, Salta Lk^ T X Kackementzen,
Mr' A M Grant. Utah N T
H H Rutherford & v. C R Bond & w, For-
C-lumbla tuna
W '3 M"Fnri?.Mj & w, W A Lamsin, Ch^o
Philadelphia |F E Sharpy, N V
W O V.-Variand Jr. Mrs C Feltz. Eureka
Philadelphia :Dr O D Bart.vi. Minn
J R Hereford. W S ALT O Houser & w, Cal
F T Kruwiiiqr, Oil IC O'Neill, Arizona
D Tiawson. L Ans I Mts R S Brown, Cal
B 8 .Tarrett, L Ang | G D East jn, L Ang
J MeNaußhton, S Jo?e L Phlpps, L Ann
F l> Watson. Sacto ! T Mack. Los Gatos
J J McCorml'K, S Jose i Mrs C M Hull, Utah
J .Smith, Sacto L I": Bennsina-i, S Jose
J E Flmsione, Cal E BwlntorJ, Coiusa
dipt P Harrison, Cal F P Wat.? >n, Sacto
J C Lynch. Oakland n T Weh'ver. Cal
J Pelrano, S Jose G Arnol*. L Ang
W S Johnson, Cal Mr* S L Klstlor. X* A
V H Krupp, Pal IE Klstler 1.. An(?
Mrs C H Rowell & A II McKay, Cal
maid, Fresno jDr R Hogan. L Ar.g
Mrs J WOarrell. Cal Dr H^erdom, L Ang
F TV Smith, Colorado W Plk», Fresno
G H Brack. Cincinnati Mrs B Hoyt, Cal
E T Simmons, Porti.l ' Miss Hoyt Cal
L H Tounp, Cal i C P C-viman, Cal
N Diamond, L, Anj C P FreM.iod. (."al
J E Shellenberßer, U; W E t'chulz.-?. Cil
S A B W Rice Seattle
G P Bent & w. Ch?-> F Burk. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
E V Griffith. NT |E Cummings, Paris
I H T Duncan. DC A Prusch, N T
i F Ewinfr, Ohio W Garland, Los Ang
! Mrs II Fawcett, Lon-| L B Gray, Chicago _.
j don I E R Si>auldinK. Cal
j Mr & Mrs Delaplalne, | H B SpauldlnK* Cal
Paris I S S Spauldlng. Cal
' N T Sembalenco, 111 W Rowland, LJver
i Odessa pool
i II Focke, Honolulu C Grunor, Hamburg
I De Weerk, Germany I A Roosen, Hamburg
1 Dr R Vorwinckel. Ber-|Mrs Emlllo, X V
lln IE C Allen. Dawson
j H Lippgaln, Berlin IW E Hale, Cal
i G TV Beck, Cal C G Wltte. N V
r C Ruppert, N V < Mrs C G Witte, N T
]{ E Kennedy, DC : RE Brown, Cal
II Welnstock, Sacto H McAllister, Cal
I E Foot, Minn iP D Martin. Cal
i Miss M V Kelly. D C EE F Preston. Cal
\V G Miller, Pa Mrs E F Preston. Cal
Miss C Davidson. Lon- Miss N Preston, Cal
don F A Storey. Stanford
JTV Fordins:, Mich I Mrs F A Storey. Cal
Mrs J W Fording, Mch N Fenn. Chicago
Mrs J B E^erer, Mich J A Fleming. Chicago
L Adams, NY J R Adams. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C II Williams, S Diego M B Smith, Oregon
A Hanafln .t w, Cal A Gaster. Cuba
XV II Walker, Sacto F Leonard, S Rosa
T Plctou,. Golden Gate A Q Loveman, Cal
A Cohn Sacto II A Coleman, N V
S Dunlop. New Orleans T Thomas, Maine
M Lawerance, Ga R Mclsaac, Red Bluff
F Crawford. Ltvermore W Marson. Red Bluff
II Fedderson, Hayward Miss McFarland. Van-
F G Molle, Almora I couver, B C
T J Weeks, Vallejo !J Ryan. Pacto
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until S o'clock.
2E26 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky struts: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members of the fil»'v-A-
named lodge are hereby notified to at- m JT
tend the funeral of Brother THEO-'V^
DORE GUEVARA COCKRILL, late a
member of Vltruvius Lodge No. 145. at
tnfleld. Cal., in King Solomon's Hall,
Masonic Temple, THIS DAY (TUESDAY),
June 27, at 1:30 p. Master Masons and
friends of the deceased are Invited. By order
of the ' "FRANKLIN 11. DAY, Secretary.
I KANKLJN H. PAY, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., *
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jl
ING, June 27. at 7:30 o'clock. K. A.C3r
degree By order of the 11. P. 'V 1
SPECIAL— The members are requested to
attend the funeral of our late companion,
1 THEODORE GUEVARA COCKRILL, In
King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, at
1:30 THIS AFTERNOON.
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, H. A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission IE 3C
Masonic Temple.. 2668 Mission street. ' *
P M. and M. E. M. degrees. By order of
the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ■
A. M.— Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) .»J\_
EVENING, at 7:"0 o'clock. Third de- jK/T
gree. GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. /^T>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy street, meets THIS EVEN- Jk
ING 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. »T if
GEO. PENLINGTON, Secretary. /V
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F and A. M. m
—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _»_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. !Cj?
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
UNITY Encampment No. 26. I. O. (v
'>, F.— Members are notified to attend y(^
the funeral of our late Patriarch. T. S\
G. COCKRILL, THIS DAY, at 1 p. mY \
JOHN MULLIN, C. P.
HARTNAGEL Supreme Arch Chapter No. yftj
3, U. A. O. D.— The officers and mem- eSG
hers of Hartnagel Chapter are hereby JC - DL
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, THEODORE G. COCKRILL, at
Masonic Temple, corner Montgomery and
Post Bts., TUESDAY, June 27. at 1:30 o'clock
p. m. sharp.
JOHN B. HOSS JR.. Chief Druid.
JOHN HUTTON, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Templar vAo
Grove No. T.I, I. A. O. D., are requested UL!
to meet at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter •^" -
street, TO-DAY (Tuesday). June 27. at 12:30
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother, Past Noble
Grand Arch T. G. COCKRILL. By order
A. M. WOLLIN, N. A.
HARRY MENTZER, Record Secretary.
K. R. B. HALL Association— Assemble m .
at your hall. 220 Mason St., THIS ,r»
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at S o'clock \X4
sharp. Important business.
PRESIDENT.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
100 AMERICANS wanted to form the nucleus
of a society for the preservation of. American
Individuality and manhood. Box 4526, Call.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41". Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10: tel. 5820.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Continental Building
and Loan Association of California, 222 San-
Borne s«., has declared for the six months
ending June 30, 1599, a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
HITMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary «t.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends; 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1599.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half
year ending June 30. 1599, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
i July 1, 1599. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—The German Savings
, and Loan Society. f.2fi California st. — For the
half year ending June SO. 18D9, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
■ cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-31 per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable n
and after Saturday July 1. 1899.
GEO. TOURNT. Secretary,
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San ' Francisco Savings
' T'nion. 532 California St.. corner Webb—
the half year ending with the 30;'. i of June.
1599. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent Oil term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
1 on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
' on and after Saturday. July 1. 1899.
; ■ T.OVFTJ, WHITE. Cashier.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
i nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
i SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
I SCANDINAVIAN cook with best of references;
| also German cook; superior girls wish situa-
tions. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
■ STRONG, . experienced girl wishes position to
I do general housework or cooking; best of ref-
I erences. Call at 1609% California St., nr. Polk.
SITUATIONS WA\TED-^C©Tvtlnned^
FIRST-CLASS laundresß desires situation; ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 320 Sutter.
FIRST-CLAslTwaitress desires situation; best
ref.; city or country. MISS CLLLKN, SZ*
Sutter st^
FIRST-CLASS girl desires situation: under-
stands German und American cooking; best
ref.; city or country. MISS CLLLh.iN, i-b
Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; ref. MISS CULLEN. 8» Butter t
TWO experienced girls for general housework.
Apply at 217 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like sewing
by the day in families: $1 50 per day. 929
Pine st.
GERMAN girl wishes a position as second girl
and sewing. Box 4508. Call offlce.__
DANISH girl wishes light housework In small
family. Call 476 Jessie st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing, Ironing and housecleaning. ill
Minna st.
NURSE to child over 4; Eastern hospital train-
ing; thorough hygiene; good education. L.
P.. 1_59 O'Farrell st^
USEFUL companion to elderly sick or nervous
person. T. W., 1259 O'Farrell street^
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist with
housework or second work. Call 1221 Webster.
HEALTHY young wetnurse wishes charge of
infant. Address DOCTOR, Box 4535. Call
WOMAN with a boy 9 years old wishes situa-
tion in the country: rmall wages. 211 Fourth
St. room 20. Address C. C.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situ-
ation in small family; home object more than
wages. Call 113 Perry st. ______
WOMAN with a boy 9 years old wishes situa-
tion In the country; small wages. 211 Third
St., room 20. Address C. C.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements. 2545 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
Fituat'.on for general housework In small fam-
ily: no washing; city or country. Box 4711,
Call.
YOUNG girl (Scandinavian) wishes situation
for general housework and plain cooking;
wages 515. Call or address 314 Precita aye.,
near Folsom st.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place on a
runch; is a good cook and housekeeper. Ad-
dres:; 136 Fifth St., near Howard.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing, washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
COLORED woman to do upstairs work and
sewing, or travel as lady's maid or as nurse
or at housekeeplne. Call 91SA Geary st.
FEW engagements for nursing by the day; can
speak German; furnish reference. MRS. G.,
box 452". Call office.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
150 Fourth St., rooms 12-13, first floor.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 roomß; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and to and from ferry.
SITI'AT I O N S WA\ T X D-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414" O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424.
MAN wishes position as Janitor or porter;
speaks English. French and Spanish; first-
class references. Box 4323, Call office.
STRONG young man wishes a situation: will-
ing to do any kind of work; wages reason-
able. Box 4525. Call office.
YOUNG man who understands the cigar busi-
ness wishes position as clerk or In factory.
Address box 4531, Call office.
WANTED— By reliable young man. window or
hciusecleanlng or other small Jobs. HENRY
ANDERSON, 952 Bush St., tel. East 963.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants good side
line on commission. Box 4780. Call office.
ALL around domestic salesman wants posi-
tion in country; at present employed In city.
Address box 4536, Call office.
WATCHMAN or messenger; intelligent colored
man, 2S years of age. recently honorably dis-
charged from Twenty-fourth Infantry with
high rank, strictly temperate, desires posi-
tion as watchman or messenger; best of ref-
erences. Address J. M. D.. 2516 Baker st.
FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist would
like a position; thoroughly understands
dynamo; strictly sober and reliable; furnish
best of reference. Box 4532, Call.
STEADY work by man handy with tools; can
care for garden or any kind of work; will
work for small wages. Box 4510, Call.
YOUNG man wants job picking or packing
fruit on fruit ranch; state terms and length
of employment. Box 450?, Call.
I'( iSITION wanted as manager, cashier or
bookkeeper by a first-class man of experience ;
very highest references given; thoroughly
posted on Pacific Coast trade; can give cash
bonds. Address box 4513, Call.
BAKER— City or country, steady Job; bread
and cake. 157 Lexington aye., bet. Elgh-
tepnth and Nineteenth sts.
POSITION jn grocery store or butcher shop as
delivery clerk by young man 17 years old.
2328 California st.
JAPANESE will do house cleaning from 5 to
12 a. m.. In office or family. Box 4703, Call.
HONEST, willing boy wishes position In of-
fice or wholesale house. ISII Howard st.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
FOUR cooks, city and country. $25 each; 10
housework girls, city and country. $20 and
$25 per month; 6 second girls. $25. $20 and SIS;
a number of young girls to assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttet St.
HOUSEWORK for Eureka. $25 per month, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, city. $12 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Salt Lake City, $25 per month.
see party here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child, housework. $10 per
month, country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
SECOND girl, San Mateo, $25 per month, see
lady here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid. Port Costa,
$20 and fare paid; waitress, Glen Ellen. $20;
waitress. Trinity County, $15: chambermaid
and wait one meal. $20, Woodland; waitress,
snme place,. $20; chambermaid and waitress.
San Mateo, $25; 10 waitresses and chamber-
maids, city. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
TWO housework elrls. Belvedere. $25 each; a
mother and daughter as cook and second
girl, boarding house, city, $30 and $35. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
1 _ R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT ISS"
50 waitresses for sprints, mountain and
water resorts and commercial hotels, many
of thorn fare paid: 2 first-class chambermaids
for country. $20, free fare; 4 women cooks,
$30 and $15; fancy ironers, city and country,
$23 to $40; polisher. $30 and found
FAMILY ORDERS
Houseglrl for Berkeley, very choice place,
$25; houseglrl. Eureka. $25 and free fare, to
go on st»amcr Wednesday, and many cooks
and housegirls In city and country. $15 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Child's nurse, $25. call early;
Scandinavian laundress, private family. $25;
waitrpss for springs. $20: waitress for hotel.
$25; waitress for restaurant. $5 a week; rook.
no wash. $30; cook. 15 boarders, $30; French
nurse, $15; waitress. private family, $25;
nurse for Invalid. $20; waitress. private
boarding house, city, $20; 20 girls for house-
work, city and country. $20 and $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT MRS. LAMRERT'S, 41S Powell st. -^German
I cook. $25; housework clrl. Llvermore, $20;
second girl. $I.; German second girl, child-
ren, Oakland. $20.
GERMAN girl: nice place; American family;
Oakland; second work and children. MRS
LAMBERT, 41S Powell St.
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting, $25; 5
waitresses, different country hotels, $20
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; 3 In fam-
ily. Call at ISIS Masonic aye., bet. Waller
and Frederick, from 9 to 12 a. m. ; take Halght
st. cars.
WANTED— Waist finisher. Room «6, Murphy
building.
GIRL for general houspwork. 1049 H St.; take
blue cars to ClirT House.
NEAT young girl, light housework, small fam-
ily: $W. 372.1 Twenty-second St., near Castro.
2 FIRST-CLASS ironors. SAN RAFAEL
FRENCH STEAM LAUNDRY.
GIRL wanted; country; references; willing to
loam; $20 or better. Address box 4333, Call.
IN Sausallto— German or Scandinavian girl for
cooking and housework; references required.
2531 California st., bet. 2 and 3.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework;
Protestant preferred. 20' i Lily aye.
GERMAN girl for housework at 354 Hayes
street.
WANTED— An errand girl. 609 Taylor St.
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom vests.
339 Fifth st.
YOUNG Christian girl to assist waiting at ta-
bles, restaurant, $4. 680 Fourth st.
STRONG young woman; assist In general
housework. 119 A Sixth st. (the Piedmont).
GIRL for cooking In bakery and coffee parlor
at 127 Fifth st.
GOOD girl for cooking and housework; small
family; wages $20; references required. Call
to-day, bet. 9 and 12 a, m., 908 Devlsadero st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GIRL to assist with housework. 1021 Van Nes_
av?nue.
WANTED— Strong German girl or middle-aged
woman for general housework. 3859 Twenty-
fourth st., cor Sanchez.
NEAT girl to assist light housework; German
preferred. 451 Guerrero st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; no
children: state wages required. Box 4507, Call.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3
_in family. 2211 Buchanan st.
GIRLS wanted to work on vests. 339 Kearny
St., room 11.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices:
_steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. _Evi"sTRAUSs"_
CO., SZhi Fremont st. ; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases; sent to any address In the
I'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
a N I ED-MALB.
GERMAN waiter for Institution $15 per month,
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MAN cook, country. $20 por m-.nth: see party
here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter st.
MURRRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agent"
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 \ _
3 brick masons 2 machinists
4 stone masons mill bench hand
Man to run an engine, city
foreman boiler maker
$6. $5, $4, $3 50, $3 and $2 50 day on above
Jobs
IN SAN FRANCISCO
6 2-horse teamsters
$1 7.1 a day and $30 and found
23 laborers.. .$2, $1 75 a day and fS
6 laborers, board home SI 7"
..HAT AND HARVEST FIELDS
129 men for every position in fields on ha
ers, heading, etc., $2 50 to $1 2" da
found for every county in California
DAIRIES AND FARMS
SG milkers $30 and $25 and
19 chore men and boys for ranches. $:
$15, $10 and found for all parts of California .
127 orchard, farm and vineyard hands, $26,
$80, $23. $20 and found
Gardeners Sack sewers — Hay balers, etc.
MARRIED
6 men and wives for farms, $43, $40 and $3S
and found
ANYBODY CAN
pick fruit, work in packing, drying houses,
etc., dig small trenches so water can run
down between vines and trees, etc., help with
other work. $26 per month and found for a
. ... . . BLA< 'kSMITHS— < CARPENTERS
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers for
shops and mines, sawmills, ranches, camps,
etc- $2 50 $2 day. $60. $50. $40, $30 and found..
BIG WAGES
12 laborers, 8 hours' work, fare 50c $60
14 laborers. 10 hours' work, fare 50c $.5
12 teamsters, 4 horses, free fare
$45 and found
!!"""... .'974' 'other laborers
for all parts of California, from $v to $26
and found
WAREHOUSE WORK
6 more laborers $45 and found
DRILLERS— HEADERMEN
22 men for above work t™ month
Vj men for street car companies
6 carpenters for mills and buildings. .. .$3 day
BUTCHERS— STABLEMEN ■•••■•■•
3 shop and slaughter house butchers. $30. SM
and found; 3 stablemen, different jobs, J25,
$30, $40 and found
YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS
3 to drl\t» grocery and bakery wagons, $15
and $20 smd found
TO GOLD. SILVER AND OTHER MINES
73 laborers, no experience required, from $60,
$50 $40, $M and found and $2 5» and $2 day
3 foremen ?30 and found
FREE FREE
To 9 different railroad jobs for
drillers muckers laborers
stonemasons teamsters — section handa
etc., wages $3 50, $2 50, $3, $2 day
board and lodging ■* 4 go
TO-DAY FREE
15 laborers for a sawmill company to do
common work, no experience required, 526
and found •• ■ •
26 crosscut sawyers 27 tree fellers
14 Jack screwers 9 bark peelers
2 head donkey men 9 spool tenders
log fixers shingle jogger screw turners
and other help, $70, $65, $30, $45, $40 and $30
and found
hundreds of woodchoppers and ti^mnkers....
SECTION RAILROAD HANDS
12 laborers for railroad section, free fare,
bOS 9 h ?:?:.::.v.v:.v.MURRAY-&REAbY:'"-
-'/_ 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAJ
37 cook"; for different positions, also 4 second
and 3 third cooks for hitPls. ranches, camps,
mines, saloons, restaurants, cafes, etc
$60, $50. $40, $3r.. $30 and found
19 waiters.'.' •' $30 and $25 and found
27 dishwashers $30, $2.". $20. $15 and foun.:
f» waiter boys 3 pantrymen 4 porters
4 bakers and 3 assistants
$40, $35, $30, $25 and found
"*" LAUNDRY HELP
3 laundrymen for hotels; Ironer and polisher..
$3." and found
■'. MURRAY & READY.
"..... 634 and 636 Clay st.
872
Men and boys wanted for different positions
not ad vertlsed for A RIZON A . . .
HAWAIIAN [SLANDS....OREGON... .CALI-
FORNIA WASHINGTON wages from $8
day to $30 and found
COME AND SEE MURRAY & READY.
FREE FARE 634 and r.36 gay st.
NO OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE
100 MEN WANTED
To-DAY ONLY
SHIP MONDAY AND TUESDAY
FOR VALLEY RAILROAD
Scraper holder, $2: Shovelers, $1 75.
Teamsters, $25 and found
C R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents,
104 Geary st.
C R HXNSEN &• CO 104 GEARY ST.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
3 colored waiters, north fare advanced
2 colored waiters, summer resort
fare advanced
Second cook, summer resort, $60; second
cook country hotel. $60; cook, country deli-
cacy store, $40; French nr Swiss potwasher,
summer resort, $30 and free fare both ways:
cook's helper, country hotPl, $25; second
haker. $2."; baker, country hotel, $35; fry cook,
fummer resort, $40
2 waiters, same country hotel, free fare. $38
2 waiters, summer resort. $25 each; waiter,
railroad eating house, 30; omnibus, flrst-
. class country hotel, $25 and free fare; waiter,
Santa Cruz, $30
Elevator boy with references. $15; bell boy
with references, $15; assistant porter, hotel.
$15 and found
Washer, laundry, $30 and found; polisher, $10
a week; plain ironer, $20 and found; dry-
house man, $15 and found
Man and wife, both Fhampooers, for a
springs
MISCELLANEOUS
Grading foreman, $3 a day; 3 carpentprs. $3 a
day; 10 laborers for a railroad in the woods,
$26 and found, see boss here: 15 farmhands,
$125 a day and board; 3 farmers. $."0 and
board: woodchoprers, $1 50 a cord; tie-
makers, 12c, and others.
COAST RAILROAD
10 header and corner tunnelmen. $2 50 a day:
100 teamsters and laborers. $1 75 and $2 a day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO
' 104 Geary st
FOR the springs, a man and woman, both
shampooers. man and wife preferred, for the
springs' baths. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
"WANTED— 2 machinists, for country shop,
$2 50 to $3; blacksmith's helper, same place
$22; blacksmith's helper, for ranch, S?" and
board; 2 men. handy with rough carpenter
tools, about mine. $2 per day: 4 miners. 52 per
day: 5 laborers, about mine, $1 <»; -° laborers
for railroad tunnel. $2 X to $2 50 per day;
young man to work in country bakery and
drive wagon. $2« and found: 4 milkers, near
cltv $nn nook, small boarding house, $3a. W.
D. EWER « CO, '' Clay sfc
W A NTFD— Young man to drive retail delivery
wagon' in city: must be single, know the city
well and furnish references: salary $35 per
month and found. W. D. EWER & Co.. 610
Clay st.
WANTED T> quartz miners, $2 50 day; carpen-
ter for mine. 13 day; laborers for mine. $2
day bugcy washer and harr.e<"> leaner, $30
and found: fruit farmer and wife. $50: dairy-
nian and wife, $4 and chance to board men:
f-irmers $1 B0 day; milkers, $25. steady Job;
woodsmen, $35 to $1°: blacksmiths for camps,
J4O an.! board and $60; and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO restaurant and boarding hous<»
cooks, $30. $35 month and $10 week; restau-
raiU and hotel waiters, d'.shwashers, bakers.
$40; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 6':S
Sacramento st.
3 COLORED waiters, country hotel. $25; pot-
washer, $20; 2 assistant gardeners. $15;
springs. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Second cook
for camp, $40: 2 cooks for resort. $60, $40: pot-
washers, dishwashers, etc., $25; milker and
make butter, private. $25; and numerous
others.
WANTED — To-day: a steady man for ptrraa-
nent place: will pay $15 per week with chance
of Increase; must have $60 cash: experience
not necessary. 1032 Market st., norn 4.
BARBER wanted; 2 years' experience. 504
Montcomery aye.
WANTED — An outside salesman f >r teas and
coffees. 203 Fourth st.
FIVE Insurance solicitors wanted Room 63,
Flood building, to-day; apply 11 30 to 12:30.
WANTED— 2 locomotive engineers and 2 brake-
men. JAS. A. McMAHON, 210 Spear st.
WANTED— Man to drive a milk vagon In city,
$35 and found; references required. 610 Clay.' ; HELP WAXTED-Continned.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
51 75 and $1 SO: board $4 50 per week. Apply
K. R STONE'S < amp, near Grant station, on
.-• Valley Road. .
7 G'< "iD tailor on custom made coats. 520 Kearny
f: st.. i-'oni I, flrst floor.
GOOD and pober dishwasher. ■ Jackson st.
WANTED-First-class bootblack tor barber
. rfehop.- 23S O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man wanted in cigar store at 412
Kearny st.
YOUNG Japanese boy to help; for country.
32* : ttei st.
11OY from 14 to IS years of age. Apply 246 Sut-
ter st., room 14.
•WANTED— Good tailor: 4311 Bush; on* who un-
derstands ladles' tailoring preferred.
TO gri this week^&OO pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from ."uc to $1 '.": new shoes
' slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
. bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTKD-GoM barber; steady job. Apply
S-Tl Market st.
MAX to work half a day for board and lodg-
ing. :":< Mission st.
li:\i:i:KHS -2-chalr shop tor Bale .heap on ac-
count of jleparture. LURLINE BATHS.
BOOKKEEPER.
Lumber and milling business.
Can get good salary
In addition to dividends.
By purchasing my interest 12760
HOO-HOO. 5867, Oakland Cal.
iKT your shoes half soW while waiting. 35c to
. 'c. 562 ; Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
IN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week:
artlculars for 2-cent stamp. California
>rans,-e Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
J WANTED — Laborers an.l mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver ' use, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2oc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
' Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
SOLDIERS, sailors or heirs desiring pensions,
travel ray. etc. see L. M. SHERWOOD. 813,
sixth floor. Examiner building, San Francisco.
WILSON House. 77.'. Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water: free
•the electric Hehts; elevator;2:c to $1 night.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms.- day,
week or mo.; - ite«, 25c to $1 per night; re-
". •. duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
$50— PART: wanted in a good legitimate
business. G. C. TERRY. 149 Third st.
EXPERIENCED salesman wnnts good side
. line on commission. Box 47J Call office.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon German
preferred. "■■ 7 9 Broderick.
WANTED— Plumbers, keep away from Spo-
kane: strike on.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
n.'t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel: Jessie 1164.
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central, cheap
rms.. isc. EOc night: hkpg.. $1 25 up. 83 3d st.
WANTED— Men can learn the barber trade tor
$" Ht 1542 Market st.
. '"• SAILORS a id- ordinary seamen for coast and
.'•; ' .Australia at HERMAN'S. -• Steuart st.
■;Rr?H. 421. above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
9n.i stationary washstand; 15c, 2".c up.
. 'WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms: Me per
tiieht. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
200. SINGLE furnished rooms, I c, 15e and 23c
. _' per niyht. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
■ }IK.C an.l women to learn barber trade at S. F.
13ARBER COLLEGE. 1384 Eighth St.
I'i:N?IONS-J. H. BHEPARD & CO.. attor-
■ —neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, ific, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $? 50 eek. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
TRY' Acme Hou=e. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 23c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks Knoi Collection Agency. 112 Suiter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. ■■■ Third St., near Mar-
ket; Too rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
h - ,j.c and bacsnge to and from the ferry.
■;■■■■:. PARTNERS WANTED.
i'/'ii— PARTNER wanted in gen ral cement con- ;
trartine business: must he a hustler and able •'
to take set of books. Address box 3091, Call j
: ."■office. Oakland. j
LADY or gentleman with $100 capital to Invest
' .':' : in s;i!ondiiJ paying business; no competition
■. or agency. Address box 4 -24. Call.
■ PARTNER in good paying nlpht and day res-
.•■•tnurait; present owner unable to attend to
• - all ■ -•:-'-- 8 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
.'ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
• ~ WANTED -Board for a party of six at a farm
.■'■■• .'house frrm 15 to 35 miles from city. Address ',
: . " Swith terns, etc., C. P. GIBBONS, 303 San- j
..'■'; :\ ;,«ome st.
. • -''-ROOM anil board fir a little glrf and room for
'•: '.'.■'■■ father wnera there is a piano; west of
.;•■.:•' Market st. Box 4S3S, Call.
" •■^S.r.NNY room and b-arl for elderly lady; rea-
' \..F.:nable: full particulars. Box 4511. Call.
■".-•';: • ROOMS WANTED.
';' •AVANTED— 2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms, with
■;' • balh. for light housekeeping; must have mod-
' err improvements. Address box 4502. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
' WANTED— Photograph tent and dark room;
■■must t>e cheap for cash. Address Photo, box
3SS. Chico, I hI.
'■'• ■ PARTIES having a baby carriage they would
like to sell state price. Box 4793, Call.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
-.vith harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. ■ Elmhurst.
■ROLLER top desk; second-hand: must be fine.
Box l">j*. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
(400— 10- ROOM cor. flat: worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
• i 30 m«; new fur. $250 cash, balance $10. 1000
■'--:. 22 rooms; on Howard st 600
. ' . ..A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
% * ..„ $100 CASH
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH: PRICE $460..
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
6-room flat, near Emporium 250 !
15-room house; worth $600 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. . 1020 Market St.
■•1600— RQADHOUSE. near the city; fine bust- j
' : ness.' H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
.'.'. $yif)_ BOARDING and lodging house. South
can Francisco; 14 rooms; fine furniture; 14 1
steady boarders; clearing $100 monthly; best
of reasons for selling. Apply HEALY & CO.,
917 Market st.
■ ••• ' $350— LODGING house. 10 rooms: bargain this
: day. Mclaughlin & CO., 777% Market.
A— C'-ROOM lodging house: central: best in
■-■ city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market, j
.'l4 ROOMS; esUbiiFhed 10 years: fullest inves-
tigation. L.VR.-EN, 31S Bush st.
LODGING house. 3S rooms, all furnished; price
' •'•. $100. Apply 1324 Stockton st.
• ' iT-HIRD.. 233 — Lodging-house of 11 rooms for I
.' . • :"nal<- cheap. Call for one week.
• XEHAMA, 154— Rooming house of 20 rooms; i
.■ "'.light- and sunny: In good condition: rent $35.
:•;■'■■ I . FURNITURE FOR SALE.
• • TAPFSTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
.' -50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
..- 4- ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
'.' " ■'•? range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
•3^'- ; *BI FURNITURE WANTED.
■JENSEN Furniture . Store. 79 !<th. buys. sells,
' ' exch. new & 2d-hand fur.. rnrpetß. stoves
•■.:• . EDUCATIONAL.
•'•ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
. ••■ saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, purveying, math., cyanide method. i
. .•• ELHCTRICAL— Theory and practice, con- |
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics. |
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
rteachers, day and evening: catalogue free, i
■■■■'HEALD'S BUBINI - COLLEGE. 24 Post st. i
• HOLMES College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution. literature, rhetoric, phy- :
. ilcal culture, Do.lsarte, vocal music, piano, i
violin, journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big. S. F. I
• RES Business College, 723 Market St.;
• ..shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life I
.• Hcholarshlp. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters ! us teachers;
Ellis system; Funny rooms; low rates: day.
', even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mk'.
' ,i iNEERING School, civil, electrical, mm•-
• In* mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
;. "' eat 1864 VAN DER NAILLEN, 532 Market
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri- I
" -vate lessons, $5 mo; top flat, 514 Hayes it.
.MATHEMATICS, history. English; coaching I
specialty; during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
, " LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
• . way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence. I
"' " PIANO lesson* by a competent teacher; .ten j '
•". years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st. I
/ ""EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bu»- I
ißew College, 205 Liv kin St., opp. City Hall. 1
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$6000— CORNER grocery' and~ba7rYery~best~l<>
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
Bts.; first-class caTch custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— s2oo: RESTAURANT and choph.iuse, rent
$40; close to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— |BSo; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms: rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
A-$1200; BAKERY- In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms; a good-pay-
lng business. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms.; one-half block from Wieland'S Brewery;
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance, Call R. G. WILKE. 106 Market.
SALOON: bargain: other business cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
SALOON for rent; business location; lease to
responsible parties. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777% Market st.
$450— HOTEL, furnished, near the city; good lo-
cation. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777% Market.
SALOON near Market; centrally located; fine
place; must sell. COWING & CO., MS Market.
DELICACY More- great sacrifice; cause of sale,
sickness. COWING & CO.. 995 Market at.
A— s2so; CIGAR store near Powell and Eddy
sts. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
ATTENTION BUYERS— BARGAINS.
See them. HEALY _ CO., 917 Market St.
— Market st,; liquor saloon.
Elegant grocery and bar by inventory.
Partner, mnfg. business: clears $300 month.
Partner In paying legitimate business; $125.
$1000— FRUIT, fish an.l oyster store; best part
city; north of Market st ; established 15 years;
receipts $20 to $25 daily: actually worth $2000;
reasons for eacrtfloe. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt
$200— PARTNER wanted In light business; $15
to $25 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
SNAP; French restaurant doing fine business.
with 22 rms.. all rented. BASILE, 573% Mkt.
FAMILY liquor store; building, lease and
good will tor sale; most prominent stand on
the water front: near the Government dock,
Folsom St.; a good paying business for 2
men: no agents. Box 4530, Call office.
BARBER wanted to carry on established busi-
ness; tenant leaving; rent $16: good oppor-
tunity; Grand aye., South San Francisco, San
Mateo County. Address box 4529. Call office.
WANTED— Cheap for cash, 5 to 10 fur. rm. flat;
Market or Kearny: central. Baslle. 873% Mkt.
PARTNER for old established real estate of-
fice; must be sober and honest. Box 138, Call.
$50— BRANCH bakery, confectionery, lunch
stand; good location. Box 4544, Call office.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
$150— DINING room all newly furnished. 116
Turk St.; bargain.
BARBER shop for sale. 614 Geary St.. near
Jones.
$3f.<XV- MILLINERY business, established for
over 25 years In second city on the coast;
commands the finest trade; only first-class
millinery store; location unexcelled; experi-
enced help who have been with the business
; for 10 years will remain.
The price asked is about one-half of cost:
owner must sell; going' to Europe with tick
daughter. Address or Apply immediately,
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
OIL lands, 50c per acre; In the oil belt; get In
on the ground floor this week; don't buy
shares of Imaginary value; get land at first
cost and incorporate company yourself. J.
J. EVANS. Real Estate; money loaned to and
for you; Mills building; 20 acres for $10.
(850— BARGAIN, old established grocery store,
well stocked; stock, fixtures, home and
wagon Inv«ntoring $1250; at NW. corner of
Turk and Fillmore sts.; cheap, rent; lease
! procurable. Apply at premises or Curtln
& Beal's, room 24, third floor, Mills bldg. .
OLD established corner grocery and bar, well
stocked with choice groceries, etc.; three liv-
ing rooms, wagon-shed and stable, rent low;
choice location; a rare bargain. 4200 Eigh-
teenth st., cor. Colllngwood.
$100— DELICACY stand in a market: doing
good trade: no night or Sunday work: owner
another business; make offer. Particulars.
Apply 58 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
$150?— FOR one-half interest in two butcher
shops; Includes horses, wagons, book ac-
counts, etc.; In good location; monthly re-
ceipts $1200. Address Box 4799, Call.
FOR sale, first-class saloon, good location, in
the business center; small expenses: Inquire
about particulars. Winters' Delicacy Store,
147 Taylor St.
NEW nnd second-hand furniture store, doing
good business: only one In city; terms rea-
sonable. Address A. C. BOWLES, Vaca-
ville, Cal.
GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing first-claiis
business; good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office. -
FOR sale — established carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
1813 Unoln et.
DRESSMAKER— SpIendid chance for a small
sum to step right into a well established
trade in dressmaking. Apply 555 Hayes st?
CIGAR and confectionery store, with billiard
room, at transfer point, for Bale. Apply
Call office.
BUTCHER shop, newly fitted up In first-class
style; cheap rent. NW. corner Eddy and
Buchanan sis.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, candy, notions; 2
living rooms; owner retires; rent $14. Sos\
Filbert st. '
$75— BAKERY and laundry; rent $14, with nice
living rooms. 437 Fulton ft.
FOR SALE— shop: rea«onable; owner re-
tiring on account of old age. 539 Geary st.
FANCY store, stock and fixtures: good living
rooms; leaving city. 1101 Valencia st.
FOR sale, fine grocery and bar; good location.
Corner Post and Devisadero sts
SHOE store and repairing; worth $200; will sell
for $50. 4102 Nineteenth ' st.
$250— SAL. .-'; fair stock: good business; rent
reasonable; bargain. Apply 632 Market, r. .6.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Inquire Wie-
land Brewery, Second St., near Folsom.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELI. * CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
_______
horses]
FOR SALE— One span bay horses, weight 3415
pounds: half-brothers and well matched; 4
and 5 years old; well broken. Inquire at Ar-
cade Stables. Dixon, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand: well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. sue-
cepsors Kllllp ft Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGE^
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
NEAT pair perfect gems of solitaire diamond
ear screws for $26; guaranteed to be worth
twice the money. UNCLE HARRIS, 16
Grant aye. • ,■•,-; ■:
$S— SEWING machnies; sew goods; Singer or
Wheeler & Wilson attachments. Call or ad-
dress 256 Minna st.
2 SMALL fireproof safes and National cash
register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BAR-LOCK typewriter, almost new, for sale
cheap. 631% Stevenson st.
B.i'-tS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
tinoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
BOILERS, engines. lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 3d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
MEN'S furnishing goods fixtures for sale. Ap-
ply 331 Montgomery st. w
SECOND-HAND cooking stove. No. 7, for sale
cheap. Inquire at 1603 Polk st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR — Complete halrdresslng business;
central; store and fixtures; also furn. living
apartm'ts at'ehed; rent cheap. Box 4622, Call.
CAMERAS and photo supplies — full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission. >
GASOLINE engines— h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits. $9 85. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 880 Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES— sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F. '
: ~ LOST '~"T.' .:~ ■
I/">ST- Personal papers marked JULIAN L. |
WALLER. Return to Examiner office Tues- i
day morning and receive reward.
~PH¥sICiASS ■ ~~ ' ; j
DR. C. c O'DONNELL. office and residence, '
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 27. 1899.
PERSONALS.
LADIES— A ble cut in prices; $6 Ypsllantl
union Buits. $3; equestrian tights, 25c. OBER'S,
S4 Geary Bt.
LEDERER' S Quintcnlra. the only hair tonic
that makes hair prow on bald spots, 35c bottle.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
FINE switches at less than half the price any-
where elee this week at LEDERER' S: see hie
great window display; hairdressing, 25c only;
hair rolls, We. 123 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS removed to 32
Turk ft.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
This is to certify that we will sell for stor-
age bill at public auction on WEDNESDAY,
June 26, 1599. at 11 a. BJ.. at the Grand An-ade
Horse Market. 327 Sixth st., San Francisco,
one phaeton, the property of E. E. HILL.
S. H. LOMBARD, Sullivan & Doyle, Live-
stock Auctioneers.
LADY going East wishes to sell her stock in
an Alaska company at a great sacrifice. Box
C 4515. Call office.
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton st., near Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Slitter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, r.22 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1836.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-34' i Post st., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloak*, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, KM Elm aye.;
offire. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin,sl4 Pine.nh.Keany.
A— ELEGAN'i' ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
''lock Co., IRI4 Market St.: open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI. 31S Sutter Ft.
A— Ladles' or ger«%'s clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel Mint 337. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
' SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st . bet 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. MS O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly '"all.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
357 GEARY St.— Dresses made. $5 up: dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies ani lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings $1, diagnosis free.
MESSAGES from your own spirit friends to-
night. MME. YOUNG, 605 McAllister; 10c;
come skeptics. ______
C V MILLERS MOTHER SADIE stance to-
day. 12 o'clock, 60c 400 Leavenworth st.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual test medium: hours
10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton St.. near Greenwich
MRS. HARLAND, trance medium; circle to-
night; prophetic tests; art. read; 10c. 120 fith.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
writ Ing medium. US Haight st
MRS. ELLIS, teFte to all: Tuea.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8: 25^; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
claTrvoyaxts.
MISS J B. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter; Mlfs Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and Is master
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you are interested: satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; laflies. 50c; gents, f. 1 : slt..Jl 60. 1M Turk.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist: satisfaction or no pay; test circles
Sun.. Tues. and Friday eves.; Vn\ 2344 sixth.
WONDSRFCL success; Ume. Clingman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
ARRIVED— Pmf. Haley, medium: tells your life
from cradle to grave. 106 Taylor; parlors 3-5.
MME HANSON, card reader and pa'nilst; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction euar.: 25c. 1322 M -
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
MME. AUGUST. 11*0 Mission St.; clairvoyant.
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; Be.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MKB. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnettst and psychom-
etrist. Parlors 2 and ?,. 955 Market *t.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
bnnd's picture. 2.* c: iH'lJr-s. fit O' Far: •■ll st
I'AUiIMKI.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary Ft., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mall, $1.
YOUR fate is In your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MME OERMATNE. 90S Market st., r. 30.
A— MME. BT'PHNELL. the famous palmist. 916
Bush ft., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, H27
Market st., rver Cafe Zinkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas cr
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1: other fillings, from B0p;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3 We guarantee our work.
I Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new IWh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $3;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
| AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
| DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O-Farrell St., ex-
' tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubb.r or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no studentß; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. J4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3: gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 96ft Mission st., cor. 6th.
DR. LI.'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crovr.r,, bridge work and filling's a
specialty; all work reasonable ; gas given.
I VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee X 0 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c ud: crowns,
'" $3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG 1941 Polk St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;. R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth tloor, Chronicle building: no advance
charges: estates, mortgage*, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAG'UIRE * GALLAGHER— James IT Ma-
gulr* (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) havo
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, 825-855 Market Bt. : tel. South 216.
NO charge unlers successful"; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreokela building.'
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free, no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; crnsultation free: r.o fees In advance.
MINING
RESPONSIBLE party, controlling valuable
gold placer mine, wishes assistance of capital
to operate same, or will sell; full particu-
lars and ample opportunity to inspect and
prospect. Address box 4534. Call office.
I WANT to buy Central Eureka stock. R. L.
CHENEY, 530 California st.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALBION aye., 154, cor. Camp. nr. Sixteenth
and Valencia— House, & rooms • and bath;
large stable.
CALIFORNIA, 2021—12 sunny rooms; billiard
room: furnished or unfurnished; large yard;-
doghouse, $65.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ■
HOUSE of 3 rooms; large yard and cellar; rent
$7. 1009 York Bt.
LAGUNA, 715— Sunny 8-room house; nicely
papered and painted: rent $30.
MISSION. 1215%. nr. Eighth— House of 14 rms.;
bath, tubs, etc.; suitable for roomers.
MISSION, 2533, nr. 22d— 8 rooms, partly frnshd.
or unfrnshd. to suit tenant; modern built.
PACIFIC Heights residence; furnished or un-
furnished; 10 rooms, bath, storerooms, etc.
Apply at 2528 Washington st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, bet. York and Hamp-
shlre — House, 6 rooms, all modern improve-
ments; rent $16. j.v.^-
VERY fine house, in perfect condition; 3388
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero: 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see it. E. G. DENNISTON,
3454 Twenty-first st.
VERY pleasant house. in perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see it.
FURNISHED ITOUSES TO LET.
NICELY furnished house of 10 rooms on Pine
St., near Powell; owner going East. Box
4704, Call office.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms, to let and furniture for
sale, rent reasonable. 34 Austin St., flat 3;
call between 1 and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat, 6 rooms,
bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
$9— COZY cottage; 4 rooms, yard. 1707 Turk St.,
near Scott.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords.
FLATS FLATS FLATS
HOUSES — HOUSES — HOUSES — HOUSES
COTTAGES— COTTAGES —
Down Town. Mission. Western Addition.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
AT NW. corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated If seen; six rooms; glazed
porch; $25, water free. Also 1722 Howard St..
near Thirteenth, 4 sunny rooms, bath; $15.
j BAY-WINDOW flat of three, rooms. 28 Rltch
st., off Folsom. near Third.
EDDY. 314— Sunny upper flat. 9 rooms, bath,
basement, etc. : rent reasonable.
FELL, 291— Cottage of 3 rooms, basement and
large yard; rent $12.
i FELL, 492— Elegant sunny bay-window flat; 6
I rooms, bath, 2 kitchens; $25; water free.
: FINE sunny fiat, 3 large rooms; bath; latest
I improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
j FLAT of 5 rooms; stable for 6 horses and large
I wagon sheds; $18; paint shop 24x80. A. M.
[ SPECK & CO.. 667 Market: key at 2303 Geary.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window and bath; $12.
! 716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 'Montgomery St.
FLAT; 4 rooms and bath; new. ISOS Eddy St.,
near Scott: rent $18.
HOWARD. 154f>, near Twelfth— 4 rooms and
bath; rent $12.
i JESSIE, 520%, off Ninth— Flat of 5 rooms; rea-
i sonable.
NEW flat. 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent cheap. 347 Liberty Ft.
I NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly frnshd: rent rea-
sonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35 Turk.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Npe stfc. ;
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern Improve-
j ments; rent $17; water free.
; THIRD. 417%— 2 front suites: modern Improve-
I ments; 8 rms. ; hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
! TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny 5-
. room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
I UPPER flat. 4 rooms and bath; rent $15. 2503%
I Howard st.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each. 1421 Hayes St. and 25 Birch aye.,
off Larkin, bet. Grove and Fulton.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$12— FLAT. 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye.
! $16— LOWER flat, 5 rooms and bath; newly
painted. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
j $20— ELEGANT flat. 5 rooms, bath. 46 Elgin
Park, near 13th ■it., above Valencia.
i $22 — UPPER flat of six rooms and bath,
I sunny side, fine view. 1014% Thirteenth st.,
j near Scott.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! BRYANT, 464, near Third— 2 neatly frnshd.
hkpg. rms.; private; hot, cold Wat.; fold. bed.
j CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. Eighth— 2 housekeep-
ing rooms, $'1 and $2 25 per week; laundry and
I bath; stoves.
EDDY, — Nicely furnished connecting house-
; keeping rooms: splendid location; no children.
FIFTH. 345— 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing^
! FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
FULTON, 218, corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
fiat. 4 rooms; gas range; bath; also others.
i GEARY, 731 (rear)— Five unfurnished, sunny
rooms, lower flat, yard.
GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished
Hats; each 4 rooms. 2 baths, 2 toilets. 2 cel-
lars; gas; every convenience; $18.
| GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly furn. sunny ,
rms., with closets; hot, cold wat.; gas range.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— 2 sunny de-
sirable housekpg rooms; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD, 528, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
I HOWARD, Furnished rooms from $1 per
I week up; also housekeeping and transient.
JONES, 603—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$18; also double and single rooms, cheap.
LARKIN. Large sunny furnished room.
$7; single room, $4; 2 light housekeeping, $9 50.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: frnshd. complete; folding bed; $12.
; MISSION, 1129— Large sunny rooms; stove; run-
ning water; no objection to children; nice for
! invalids.
: MISSION. 2133— Tw0 sunny connecting rooms
| complete for housekeeping; cheap.
! POLK. 827 — Housekeeping rooms; en suite or
single; pleasant, light, clean.
i SIXTH, 216%— Nicely fur. sunny front rooms;
j single and hekpg. ; running water; reasonable,
j SIXTH, 561— Three large sunny, unfurnished
rooms, cellar, yard; $8. w^VBI
SECOND, 611— Sunny corner; furnished floor;
2 bedrooms, large kitchen and bath; rent $15.
Apply between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
j SEVENTH, Cheerful sunny front room, $1
per week; also double housekeeping rooms,
| $1 25 per week.
i SEVENTH, S43A— 2 furnished housekeeping I
rooms, with use of kitchen: double parlor.
I SOUTH PARK, 80—2- large sunny front house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor; very reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 184, nr. 3d— large nicely fur-
nlshed rms.; running water; complete hskpg.
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg. ; terms reasonable.
I THIRD, 251, nr. Howard— 4 front sunny rms.;
j connected: suit, for hkpg; single. $1 25 wk. up.
THIRD, 308—2 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing, with use of bath. .
THIRD. 340— Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping, $1 25 week.
TURK. 643— Housekeeping rooms, with coal
or gas etove; gas and bath; $2 50 and $3 23
per week.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Furnished sunny flat; 3
rooms and'- bath: complete for housekeeping;
only permanent and responsible parties.
ROOMS TO LET.
I ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— XOO lst-class sunny rms , i
20c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping. I
AT 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient.
j BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; first- |
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside \
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient '
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER, Prop.
BUSH, 1124— the place for home comforts;
suite or single; bath;, grounds; $10 up.
CARROLTON. 1208 Market— Sunny corner fur- :
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices. ■
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. - Mason— Elegantly ;
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 803, corner Jones— sunny bay-window
corner rooms: double beds; homelike. ■ j
, ™ I
FLOOD aye., . 142— Sunnyside; : four sunny
- rooms; furnished or unfurnished; $6.
FOURTH, 223— Furnished rooms . for light I
housekeeping. - 1
ROOMS TO LET- Continued. 
GEARY. 736—2 nicely furnished rooms; one $4;
one $7; bath; gas. . .
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furn. sunny
front rms. ; hot, cold wat.; private; reas.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: .moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781. Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Suiter; near Stockton—
S-inny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door: elevator: free baths.
HO.WARD, 646, near 3d— New nous*. 30 rms.;
newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $." upward.'
IVANHOE, 1002, cor. Geary— New management;
fur. housekpg- suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ref.
MARKET, 7S3H— Neat .. newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA, 667. corner ' Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. •
NEATLY furnished or housekeeping rooms to
let very reasonable. 460 Jessie st.
O'FARREL'L, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
POWELL. 608 A —Newly furnished sunny
rooms, suite or single; gentlemen only.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis " St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladle*' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 17A— Sunny front suite or single; nicely
furnished; reasonable prices.
SUTTER. Furnished rooms, single and en
suite; also housekeeping, terms reasonable.
TAYLOR, 117— Furnished rooms for $1 50 up per
week; also housekeeping rooms.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
TURK. 226— Rooms, with or without board;
■ pleasant private home.
YALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up; single, $1 50 up.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
I HOTEL Victoria. 1105 Hyde, cor. California—,
j Prettily furnished suites, bath: board optional.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
I O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $"0.
POST, 744— Rooms and board, $36 for 2 and up;
use of parlors and pianos.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq. — Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
i SUTTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
I pretty crarden: home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
j GOOD home for infants; only $10 per month.
210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
__________
~ RJEST A 0 RAN TSL
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORKS TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
$75 — 49 Steuart St., near Market.
$20—705 Howard St., near Third.
$50—4*5 Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
$20—338 Fourth St., near Harrison.
$22 60— S3« Howard st., near Third.
$25—1119 Harrison st., corner Langton.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
' stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
! sU. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
BEST tenants wanted for good landlords:
stores, stores, stores, Ftores; for all kinds of
business; downtown, Mission, Western Ad-
dition. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
LARGE corner store, suitable for any busi-
ness. SE. corner Twenty-third and Alabama.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
Ft? MADISON & BURKE. 62t Market st. '
EXPERT OPTICIANS
EYE, brain and nerves are strengthened with
| Mayerle's glasses. GEO. MAYERLE, German
Expert Optician; charter member American
Association of Opticians; li>7l" 2 Market St.;
mall orders filled: open evening.
j ■ — — — —
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
i diseases: all those who tre sick or discour-
! aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital '
i and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
! ments u#?d; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
Ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by Appointment
I only.
! A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5 home In confinement; skillful medical at-
I tentlon; all can save time and expense by con-
I sulting th« doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
: ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friend? of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
1 avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay, self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
! A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Maricet St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to ( p. m., Sundays, 10 a. m. .to 4 p. m.
I IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $6; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. *.-:
LADlES— Chichestpr's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated Bueessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money; |
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free: call or write. 1023H Market st. «
I DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San. Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese h?rbs, over 8000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well-
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home; no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards Co.. 406 Clay
*st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MERITO — safe preventive: married Indies
| try It: price $1. sample box Me; write for cir-
cular.Merito Mfg.C0.,227 Leavenworth st.,S.F.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215^ Mason st.-
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor, 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home In confinement;
children .adoDted out. Take Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement;, babies
adopted Into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second et. ; tel. Green 52.
i DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re.
I lief for monthly troubles Or money back; J5 up
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 527. Call office.
DR. WONG : HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
- _______ __ _
•TOitAGB.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR. king and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
; SEWIXG MACIiIMiS.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, • bought, sold;
' machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL. kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HAVE a buyer for flats in-, the Mission; must
be rented now; $15,000 cash to invest. J. J.
EVANS. Real Estate. Money loaned to arid
for you. Mills building.
IF you have lots north' of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue^ and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
ASHTON* & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.—
Valencia ft., bet. 22<i and 23d; lots any size,
with double frontage.
PARKER aye.. 136—2 houses and lot 25x120.
$2000; terms to suit. Apply Owner, in rear.
CHOICE business property 65x115, on Mission
St., near Twenty-sixth. Inquire 2943* Mission.
COL.VI ill X ... J. f.M.U'B,
A— FOR SALE— Bargain: delightful home In
beautiful, frostless Hollywood; healthiest,
most accessible suburb of Los Angeles: reach-
ed In 80 minutes by electric cars from city
center; 6 acres full bearing lemon and navel
orange trees; fruit choicest quality, bringing
highest price*; new, modern 2-story colonial
house; open plumbing; hot and cold water;
range; fine bathroom: house wired for elec-
tricity; new barn and carriage house: shade
trees, palms, flowers, etc. abundance water
for Irrigating; income from fruit pays hand-
somely on Investment; owner's business In
San Francisco; interests there; wou<d con-
sider exchange for desirable San Francisco
or Oakland property. Address owner, W. B.
GLIDDEN. 120 Sutter St., San Francisco.
CHEAP— IO acres 6-year full-bearing prunes:
also 20 acres full-bearing prunes and figs; half
a mile from Portervillp; choicest fruit belt;
water rights; easiest terms: these two pieces
must be sold. Apply to WM. JONES, As-
signee, 24 Sacramento Bt., S. F.
160 ACRES uncultivated land in Santa Clara
County; Government patent; would sell cheap
or exchange. Call at 229 Ninth aye., Rich-
mond District.
WANTED— Timber or forest reserves land or
location; highest cash price paid. Address K.
E.. box 4705. Call office. '
20 ACRES oil land In the oil belt. Fresno Co.,
for $10. Get particulars J. J. EVANS, real
estate; money loaned to and for you; Mills
building; phone 1196: no stock In a company.-
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; Sl5O acreß sold to 120 families; 7500
acres 'eft. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, gi-alr and stock farms.
W. D HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP lots, near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate and
Loans. Mills building.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. HILL, 44, Merchants' Exchange.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify;. will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '. :
A CLEANING-OUT bargain sale of several
high-grade olanos to make room for large
stock of new pianos to arrive; fine new In-
struments will go at price of second-hand at
this sale; also used pianos at $35 and upward.
THE J. DEWING CO.. second floor, Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second hand. $100 up: wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
FINE Arlon piano, $110; magnificent tone.
Room 21. Flood building.
MUST sell, regardless of cost, new upright
piano. 1206 Devisadero st.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 704.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
It! a! DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post . St.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post St. v
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMiTZ. 18
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNAI3E pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins. . zithers, old and new. H.
MUI.LER. maker, repairer. " Latham place.
CARPET CLEANING. ~~~
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
S » ond 40 Eighth St., telephone South 250.
WKE.i You become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIN'G'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
800 McAllister st.. cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets -"cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 383 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
OAKLAND AUVEIiTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
~~ WILLIAM~ J? DINGEE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY HOME
IN OAKLAND — — - OAKLAND
■ ONLY $375. .
IT IS WORTH $2500
Ycu may be the one to secure it.' Send for
catalogue. .
• SO CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. ■
Fronting Market, 35th and 36th sts.; surrounded
by fine homes; close to 3 lines of electric rail-
ways: street work complete.
ONE OF THESE LOTS GOES FOR $150.
;v,'.,>. TRY FOR IT.
Catalogue mailed on application. . ■
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
£03 Broadway, room No. 16, second floor, Oak-
land. Mills building, San Francisco.
$50 CASH, -$350 - monthly till paid for—
three-room cottage and nice level lot; price
all told. $300; Allendale Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; sixty families located within two
years; streets all graded, some macadamized;
city water; near a fine three-story school
house, three car lines and a 90-foot boule-
vard; a few $73 lots and upward still left.
Call or send for circular, 465 Seventh st. and
Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
NEW sunny cottage,' 6 rooms, modern in every
way, right In center of Oakland; might take
some trade and easy payments for balance.
A. J. SAMUEL & CO.. 468 9th St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland. ,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMK«>\ KEAI. KSTATE.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS'.r
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. — $1650 for a $2000 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5 — 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
tto Market St., S. F.. Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$1500— LOT 50x165: house S rooms and bath:
Versailles aye. : must be sold.
$1100 — Lot 50x150, with modern cottage; San
AMnnio aye., near Chestnut.
I $650— Lot 40x125; west side Walnut St., near
! bay shore.
$600— Lot on Pacific aye., near Grand st.
$2700 — Large 2-story house, 8 rooms; lot 50x
203; beautiful avenue. E. D. JUDO CO.,
1 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. Dr!tUNKR, 1418 *th.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J22.-.o— NEW modern 2-sto.ry cottage; large lot;
. on electric car line; near broadgauge railway
station; for sale on easy terms. Apply 120
Putter st.. mom SO. P. F.
PRO PO AL S^
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1. 1899, and
ending: September SO, 1599, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions. 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
mlllstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will be opened Friday, June 30, 1899, at
7:30 p. m., at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland, Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc.. can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids. •
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured in California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
. GEO. 9. MEREDITH. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph E. Flynn and Ellen G. Connors 26-21
F. Emanuel Strohmeler and Ella T. Coyle.3S-2S
Rock Baker and Alice T. Robinson 47-41
James W. Perry and Relne L. Ke110nd. ......
L. H. Dobbin and Sophie C. Matthews.... 33-42
Thomas E. Turnbull and Kate Rielly 24-22
Arthur D. Coddington and Laura J. H.
Barrington 32-32
BIBTHS— IIABBIA6EB— DEATHt^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must he handed
in at i either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FLEISCHMAN— In this city, June 22, 1599, to
the wife of M. R. Fleisehman, a son. '
HEANEY— In this city. June 15. 1599, to the
wife of Joseph Heaney, a son.
MARRIED.
FORREST— FREDERICKS— In this city, June
24. 1*99, by the- Rev. J. M. Buehler, Oliver
Forrest and Hattle Fredericks.
GEMINIANI— In this city. June
24, 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, William
R. Matthes and Giovannina Gemlnlan).
DIED. ,
Adams, Frances Johnson. Carl
Cockrill. Theodore G. McCarthy, Timothy
Cohn. Isidore McGowan, John
Creeean, Mary McElroy, Bridget.
De Portugal, Camlla O'Neil, John
♦DinkelsDlel. Lazarus Smith. Henry D.
Freeland. Sarah F. Price, Elizabeth
Fitzpatrick, Peter Taylor, Florence
Hayes, Ida M. Triay, Mrs. Mary A.
Heine, Wilhelmine
ADAMS— In Oakland. June 26, 1899, Frances,
daughter of.Edson F. and Elizabeth Wheaton
Adams, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year and
5 months.
COCKRILL— In this city, June 25. 189!>. Theo-
dore Guvara, beloved husband of Josephine
Cockrill. and father of Mrs. Dressier and
Harry and Elite Cockrill, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 64 years 11 months and 14 days.
(T?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from his late residence, 1911 Brod-
erick street, thence to Masonic Temple, cor-
ner Post and Montgomery streets, for serv-
ices at 1:30 o'clock, under the ausDices of
California Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Re-
mains will be escorted to the ferry by Cali-
fornia Commandery No. 1, K. T. Interment
at Bloomfleld, Sonoma County, Wednesday,
June 28.
COHN — In this city, Isidore, beloved husband
of Bertha Cohn. and father of Nathan Lesser
Cohn, Mr. J. Schwartz and Mrs. J. H. Herold,
a native of Genessen, Germany, aged 70 years.
CREEGAN— this city, June 26, 1899, Mary,
relict of the late Peter Creegan, and be-
loved mother of Mary E., James F. and Peter
J. Creegan, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land.
' (D?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten^. the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 542 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a mass will be celebrated U»
the repose of her soul, commencins at &
o'clock. Interment -Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DE PORTUGAL— In this city, June 26, 1899,
Camila Gomes de Portugal, a native of Mex-
ico, aged 64 years.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city. June 25, 1893.
Lazarus, huoband of Pauline Dlnkelspiel, and
father of Henry, Samuel, Joseph, Theresa,
Melville and Edgar Dinkelsplel and Frieda
Silverman, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
76 years. (New York papers please copy.)
inTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence,
1292 O'Farrell street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by special train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:40 o'clock. Please
omit flowers.
FREELAND— In this city, June 2«, 1599, Sarah
Frances Freeland, beloved sister of John P.
and Charles P. Freeland, a native of Eng-
land, aged 29 years 3 months and 15 days.
(C^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 16 Cumberland street, off Guerrero, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth. Interment
private.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, June 26, 1599,
Peter, beloved son of Roger and the late Ellen
Fitzpatrick, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years.
HAVES— In this city, June 26, ~ 1899, Ida M..
beloved daughter of D. E. and Anna Hayes,
sister of Mrs. A. Brilland and Edward, Agnes,
Celia and the late Lusia Hayes, and niece of
Sister Generose, a -native of San Francisco,
aged' 2s years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HEINE— In this city, June 26, 1899. Wilhel-
mine Heine, beloved mother of Mrs. F. Simon,
Paul and Hermann Heine, Mrs. O. Ebertzsch.
Hugo\Heine and Mrs. W. Alpers, a native of
Sachsen. Germany, aged 60 years 4 months
and 13 days.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
June 26, 1899, Carl Johnson, a native of Fin-
land, aged 33 years.
j MCCARTHY— In this city. June 25, 1599. at the
residence Of his sister, Mrs. 3. N. Driscoll.
622 Willow avenue, ex-Senator Timothy Mc-
Carthy, father of Timothy and Joseph Mc-
Carthy and Mrs. F. Doran, a native of New
York City.
McGOWAN— An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated at St. Dominic's Church to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, for the repose
of the soul of the late John McGowan.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
tend. : , * iV. :.--': V
McELROY— In this city, June 25, 1899, Bridget,
beloved wife of George McElroy, and mother
of John, George and Mary McElroy, Mrs.
Catherine Burke and .the late Mrs. Alice
Baker, a native of County- Kildare, Ireland,
aged 57 years 6 months and 7 days.
[C^FTiends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 49 Bruce street, thence to St. Jo-
seph' 6 Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10" o'clock. Interment Mount
. Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEIL— this city. June 26, 1899, John
O'Neil. beloved father of William O'Neil and
Mrs. Elizabeth Waterman, a' native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
ICTRemains at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street, cor-
ner of Post. "• ■ . ,' ,
SMITH— In this city. June" 23, 1899, Henry Dan-
vers Smith (master mariner), • a native of
Crescent City. Del None County, Cal., aged
36 years.
PRICE— In this city, June 24. 1399, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Edward Price, and mother of
Mrs. J. F. Meeks and Susie, Lillie, Lottie,
Rose, Eddie and Arthur Price, a native of
, Liverpool. England, aged 52 year?.
! TAYLOR— In Oakland. June 26. 1899, Florence,
second daughter of Samuel J. and Florence
I • W. Taylor, a native of Oakland, aged 12 years
I and 10 months.
! TRIAY— In this city, June 26, 1899, Mrs. Mary
| A., beloved wife.of Antone Triay, and mother
i of Harry and Eddie Triay, a native of Eng-
land. aged 45 years.
I 4 jtl>KY i). liAuIAGHcH Cj.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ■.','■-
■■' ■ ■ ■
1112
FRAUD AND FRANCHISES BEFORE THE SUPERVISORS
CORKSCREW FRANCHISE
IS OFFERED FOR SALE
The Valued Privilege Placed on
the Public Market.
Supervisors Ignore the Captious Objections of Mayor
Phelan and Grant the Appeal of Merchants
for a Cross=Town Road.
THTC merchants and property
owners of the northc-ustrrn and
southern districts of the city
have at last won a victory, not
withstanding the antagonism
acl persistent opposition of Mayor
Phelan and Supervisor Kyington. The
1 of Supervisors offered for pale
yesterday the corkscrew franchise, and
will be opened on July 31. The
tet-street Railway Company was
also granted the right to use the over
hi ad system of electricity on its Post
• mad. Both propositions were
ted as they came from the Street
i . immitu-e, the franchise for the loop
on Grant avenue and Bush street being
denied.
I'ntil the very last Mayor Phelan and
rvisor Bylngton offered objections
and technical obstacles, but they were
I down. The Mayor, who had been
hiding behind Bylngton and placing all
risibility upon that official's
shoulders, waa forced to show his hand,
hen he did so the merchants, who
have so much at stake, made their plea
to him. He made no comment and
s-rily had no vote. The franchises
! th<- board without his sanction.
The meeting of the Supervisors yes
was interesting from many
■ ' :• a. As soon as the minutes
had beer read the Mayor exercised an
exceptional privilege In an effort to
p risibility of the gas rate
. which had such an inglorious
usion in Judge Seawell's court.
The. I l" a thousand feet for
leclared illegal because it
rninated against certain classes in
I ■ unity. The resolution adopt
ed bj •'! of Supervisors had
pared in Mayor Phelan's office
and under his direction. The responsi
bility fir the discrimination rested,
re, upon the Mayor.
Hi nor seiz.-ii the opportunity
rday '" deny most emphatically
this regrettable fact, i!.- declared that
he was not responsible for the mistake.
■] that the resolution did ri"t
from his office and he did r.<-i
office H did come.
I to disavow all responsibility
•and in pa marked that as the
■ ition was adopted in a hurry the
Ice in all probability was Inno
. made.
■ : ination of th" Mayor leaves
tter in a more serious condition
than :t was before. The very interest
ing fact remains that the resolution ■
prepared in the office "f Mayor I
. be hardly fair to sug- j
■ thfji h>- does not know what is ;
done In his o vn office, but the
tion as it was adopted by the
; i ame from his offl< • More than
, his Honor handed it in person to
Supervisor Perrault to be introduced
;. ; r ill" meeting of the board "ii April
3; The Mayor may have forgotten some '
■eipnts of the transaction In
the multitudinous detail of public busi-
• • ness.
;'• After the Mayor had made his expla- '
. .nation: and another mat of public
• Importance, had received attention,
Supervisor Holland called for a con
sideration of franchises out of order.!
■ The same petitioners who have haunted :
■"■ "■ the'rooms of the Street Committee were '
• : before the board. They were deter
: •mined this time not to be trapped by t
: - 'the filibustering of the Mayor. They !
• hr"l found his Honor profuse in prom- '
ises but lax in performance, and they
came to fight for themselves. Repre
sentative property- r.'TK, merchants,
■ Improvement clubs ar.fi the Merchants'
Association, all were in aggressive at
tendance and the fight began. The
.■■ franchises as they came from the Street
;.;. Committee were read, and then Super
;".."visof Aigeltinger moved an amend
: • nt.
He urged that the rirant-avenue and
(iiVßtreet loop he included in the j
corkscrew franchise. Supervisor At- j
tridge- immediately seconded the
i ndment.
Supervisor Holland objected em
• ally to any changes, amendments
[derations at that time. "A
grpfit number of people, merchants,
Tea
: : If it's
If it's
Good Tea
you want —
Try
Breat American Importing Tea Co's
"=..- Have too Stores —
That's 'Why
Quality 50 Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES:
561 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 7OsLnrkinSt-
-2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1 81 9 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery ay.
355 Hayes St. 218 I hira St.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
2008 Flllmore St. 506 hearny St.
•• 52 Market Street Headquarters.
OAKLAND STORES:
• . gWashtngton&t. 1185 23d Aye.
12.37 liroadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
■ ■ AI.A.MEDA— I3SS Park St.
. .6AK RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
husinesa men. workingmen and prop
erty owners," h»' Bald, "want thlrt rrops
town railroad, and do not let us jeo
pardize it by pllinjy amendments upon
it. I^et up dispose of the crosstown
road and then 1 am in favor of the
Grant-avenue loop and not before."
"But." urged AipeltinKt-r, "the Mer
chants' Association is in favor of this
Grant-avenue spur."
"And I see no objection to it." added
Mayor Phelan, who had undergone a
change of mind. "Indeod, 1 see many
advantages In it."
"So do I." interjected Supervisor Hol
land. "I am ready to vote for it after
we finish with the crosstown railroad."
"Since you are talking about amend
ments," Interrupted Supervisor By
ington, "how about my amendment °n
the flat rail?" There had been a linger
ing hope that Supervisor Bylngton was
asleep, but he was awake and watch-
Ing. He was representing what subse
quently proved to be the -Mayor's
hobby. It was shown that the amend
m< nt on flat rails had been rejected by
the Street Committee, hh Supervisor
Bylngton, with a persistency worthy of
a better cause, reintroduced it upon the
warning suggestion of Mayor Phelan.
A V'lt^- was then taken on the amend
ment offered by Supervisor Aigeltinger
to provide Cor th.> Grant avenue lo<rp.
Th« amendment was lost. Supervisors
Aigeltinger. Attridge and Phelps aloni
voting for it. This killed the proposi
tion beyond the possibility of revival,
a result that some members of the
board did not realize until it had been
accomplished.
Consideration of Byington's amend
ment was next in order. There was a
long discussion over flat rails, but the
arguments were precisely the same ;<-s
those that had been advanced before
the Street Committe on Thursday.
Prsident Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association pleaded for the road. He
begged that the Mayor and the Super
visors permit an Improvement, which
has become a necessity. The mer
chants, he said, are willing to accept
the terms of the railroad and only offi
cial objection can block the building of
the road. Others spoke in the same
strain and urged the objectors to give
way.
Mayor Pheian had a score of objec
tions to offer. He said that he could
see no reason why the flat rails should
not be used. H»- had heard no reason
able excuse why the railroad company
should not use Buch rails. He wanted
to h>-ar some practical objection to
them. It was pointed out to him that
tli" rails are not objectionable. They
are as good as those now in us.- on
Marki t strict, and the people who want
the crosstown road are willing to. ac
cepi them. But the Mayor talked about
wheel flanges and other Interesting de
tails. The people of two great sections
of the city were thinking of the '
lit of a new road. The Mayor said the
flat rails were in use In other cities
and the merchants reiterated that they
want a road.
The discussion continued for an hour
and then a vote was taken on Bying
ton's amendment. The amendment was
lost, Supervisors Byington, Heyer,
Lackmann and Perrault alone voting
for it. Th- board then voted to offer
the franchise for sale. The tight had
been won and the Mayor's opposition
had counted for nothing.
The Market-street Railway Company
is expected to be the only bidder, and
in \i< \v of that fact Mayor I'helan se
rured from the corporation a material
■■. ncession.
The franchise act of I*W7 says "no
I'll tiitage shall he paid for the first
rive years," but thereafter at least 3
per cent shall be paid of the gToss re
celpts. But thp charter which goes
Into effect January 1 next says that at
least 3 per cent of the gross receipts
shall be paid during the first Bye years,
4 per cent for the next ten years and 5
per cent thereafter till the franchise
expires.
The board cnuld not, under the ex
isting act of 1597, require any percent
age for the first five years, but the com
pany could, as they did, agree to hid
more than the present law requires.
Just before the meeting of the board
the Mayor asked Attorney Jeremiah
Burke and Agent Lynch of the Market
street Railway Company if they would
respect the charter provisions if the
franchise wt?re granted and they finally
agreed to do so. The franchises are
only grnnt^d for the life of the con
necting franchises, so they will all ex
pire together and be then a valuable
property, with all their feeders.
The agreement which binds the Mar
ket-street Railway Company to re
spect the provisions of tho charter is
as follows:
Board of Supervisors,
June IN, 1899.
We agree that we will bid at least, the.
minimum percentages of the gross re
ceipts as required by the new charter if
the "corkscrew" (so-called) franchise is
offpre<i for s;tle hy the board under the
provisions of the law of 1897, as reported
by thf' ''ommitte-e. on Streets.
MARKET-STREET RAILWAY CO.
Per H. H. Lynch, agent.
This ends the long controversy over
franchises. The city gains a benefit
and the railroad retirr-s profitless from
a raid.
To Abolish Commissions.
At the meeting of the local passenger
aEfnts to-day It will be proposed that the
custom of paying commissions to outnlfio
persona who brinp business to the differ
ent roads be abolished. It has been
the habit of brokers, hackmen, hotel run
ners and others whose vocations bring
them in contact with the traveling public
to divide their commission with the pur
chaser of the ticket, thus to all intents
and purposes cutting the rates.
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & SXjrift, uunale Grotto; nightly. •
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 27, 1899.
THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS TO KILL
A PLAGUE SPOT
Dupont Street Pest
Must Go.
SUPERVISORS PROMISE FUNDS
ELOQUENT APPEAL MADE FOR
MUNICIPAL AID.
Provision Will Be Made for an Ap
propriation of One Hundred
and Twenty-Five Thou
sand Dollars.
The Supervisors have by a unanimous
vote promised to Include in the next
tax levy an appropriation of $12n.nrm
for the creation of a park on the site
of the plague spot included between
Dupont, St Mary's. California and Pine
streets. This decision of the board
represents a victory which has been
won after four years of persistent
agitation and endeavor. The crusade
was begun by the Paulist fathers and
was continued through the able assist
ance of all decent classes and creeds
affected by the criminal evil. Rev. Dr.
Foute of Grace Episcopal Church be
came an active and able coadjutor of
Father Otis, and together they have
won a triumph which means an im
measurable benefit to the city.
In the promise now Riven the Super
visors will donate the stipulated sum,
condemnation proceedings will be com
menced, rookeries will be removed and
a park will be created. In setting aside
$125,000 for this purpose the Super
visors will not violate their pledge.
They will still be within the dollar
limit. As Supervisor Perrault pointed
out at the me. -tine: yesterday JSO.OOO
alone will be saved in gas bills. Further
provision will also be made to insure
the money for the purpose for which it
is appropriated.
The discussion of the proposed appro
priation was the Hrst business of Im
portance transacted yesterday at the
meetine of the Hoard of Supervisors.
Supervisor Lackmann moved that the
rules be suspended and that he be per
mitted to Introduce a resolution. Per
mission was granted, and he moved the
adoption of a resolution providing that
$125,000 be set aside in the next tax
levy for the condemnation and pur
chase of the land which is now the
plague spot of the central part of the
city. In moving the adoption of his
resolution Supervisor Lackmann urged
that representatives of the St. Mary's
Park Association be heard.
Rev. Father Otis then addressed the
Mayor and the Supervisors. The rev
erend gentleman outlined the long
struggle that has been going on to rid
the city of the Dupont-street plague.
He characterized the evil as a criminal
pest which has brought shame to the
people of the city and is existing as a
menace to morals and decency. It is a
blotch upon the community%and may
be removed only by annihilation.
Father <>tis showed that the moral
sentiment of the community Is aroused
and nothing but success can end the
agitation. "As long as these shacks re
main," he said, "there is danger of a
revival of the evil. As long as our
petty police courts do as they do, and I
mean In particular Departments 2 and
?., this district will be a menace to the
city. I ask you to help us to destroy it.
We want from you $125,000 and we will
secure the rest."
Rev. Dr. Foute followed in a brief
address reiterating what Father Otis
had said and pointing out the general
public benefit which will follow the
condemnation and confiscation of the
land.
When the reverend gentleman had
conclude d Supervisor Aigeltinger spoke.
"I am not opposed to this resolution,"
he said. "On the contrary I am In
favor of it, but I fear that we cannot
make such a large appropriation and
remain within our pledge of a dollar
levy. I think that $100,000 would be suf
ficient."
Supervisor Perrault assured his asso
ciate that th<- Finance Committee of
the board had considered the matter
and was certain that the levy of $125,
--000 could be made and the pledge Still
honored. Supervisor Phelps believed
that the matter should be referred to
the Finance Committee, but his belief
was not shared by the other members
of the board. The resolution was put
to a vote and was adopted unanimous
ly, even Phelps voting for it. So the
Supervisors stand pledged to appropri
ate $125,000 for the park in the next tax
levy.
PERRAULT EXPOSES A
PECULIAR CONDITION
BIG DEriCIT IN FIRE AND PO-
LICE TELEGRAPH FUND.
Thousands of Dollars Worth of Cable
Purchased in Small Lots on
Requisition.
Supervisor Perrault handed up a nice
little problem for the board to solve at
yesterday's meeting. He stated that as
chairman of the Finance Committee ne
bad a bill regarding which he wanted the
advice of the entire board.
Dr. Perrault explained that Superin
tendent Hewitt of the Klre Alarm and
Police. Telegraph had been authorized to
Bpend $20,000 for an underground circuit.
This had ail been spent and there were
now in his hands bills for cable amount
ing to J.K227 30, which, if ordered paid,
would make a deficiency of $8349 ]6. The
cable instead of being advertised for and
purchased by contract had ail boon
bought by requisition in small lots to keep
within the law. The Supervisor regarded
this as a remarkable proceeding:, but as
the cable had been delivered unless tne
board created a deficiency by ordering its
payment the firm from fhich 1% was
purchased would have to suffer.
None of the Supervisors had any ad
vice to offer Dr. Perrault as to what he
should do and It was finally decided to
turn the bills over to the Fire Depart
ment Committee for investigation.
Supervisor Holland offered a resolution
granting Bateman Brothers an extension
of sixty days on their contract for build-
Ing the Hall of Justice on condition that
FIRE DEPARTMENT
GIVEN A SCORING
Sensational Charges Made by Some
Prominent Business Men.
Contracts for Supplies Ignored and Heavy Purchases
Made From a Favored Firm -Only 10 Per
Cent of Hardware Bid Upon.
AN explosion occurred during the
meeting of the Board of Supervis
ors yesterday, which, if the charges
made by reputable business men in
open session are substantiated, promises
to shake t\\p Fire Department from cen
ter to circumference.
The assertion was boldly made in writ
ing that the grossest fraud exists and has
existed for a long time— probably years—
In the purchasing of supplies for the Fire
Department. The assertion was denied
by the heads of the department who were
present, to be sure, but not in a way that
carried conviction to the Supervisors, and
the matter will be given a thorough ven
tilation.
It was charged that although the Fire
Department is supposed to advertise for
anything needed in the way of supplies
not morn than 10 per cent of the articles
actually needed, particularly in hardware,
is actually enumerated in the bids, while
90 per cent is purchased in open market
at prevailing market rates, and that one
firm in this city enjoys a monopoly of
this fat patronage of this Fire Depart
ment.
After disposing of the street railway
franchisee and other Important matters
the beard settled down to routine busi
ness, and among other matters was the
passage t*> print of the t.iils for supplies
for the Fire Department as recommended
by committee. When the bids came up
for consideration by the committee last
week it was shown that tne proposals for
furnishing hardware in many Instances
were excessively high, varying from 60
to 200 per cent above present market.
rat>-s. Moreover, suspicion was aroused
by the fact that the. bids of two competi
tors, while away above market rates,
were tiie .-nine. This was particularly no
ticeable in small articles, for furnishing
winch they were the only bidders. Chief
Sullivan had quietly Bent around to the
various linns, and obtained market price
lists of the various articles bid upon, and
when tile bids were read off a compari
son readily showed tiie discrepancy.
The two firms— J. A. Snook & Co. and
J. F. Wulzen— were accused of collusion
for the purpose of raiding the treasury,
and tiie committee determined to recom
mend tiie rejection of bids for all articles
on which suspicion was attached, award
ing contracts to the lowest bidder only
on such things as were shown to be with
in prevailing rates.
The suspected merchants were present
yesterday, determined to clear themselves
of the imputation of collusion and a.l the
same time exploit certain conditions pre
vailing in the Fire Department that i<_w
outsiders were aware of.
Several bids were passed to print, in
cluding that for hose, despite the pro
test ot the Goodyear Rubber Company,
which claimed its bid was the same as
that of the Bowers Rubber Company, to
which was awarded the contract; and
then the hardware schedule was reached.
Instantly there was a clamor for recog
nition from the waiting merchants. Tijj
rules were suspended in order to givj
them a hearing, and a representative of
J. A. Snoiik & In. read a long statement,
which was afterward filed with the clerk
of xhft board. The statement denied any
collusion with Wulzen or anybody else.
It recited the fact that the bids were fur
a period "f two years; that the market
was constantly advancing and was lik>-iy
to advance much higher, which fact had
to be taken into consideration; that i>n
some articles called for the cost of ad
vertising was actually more than the to
tal value of such articles supplied to the
department.
Supervisor Byington questioned the gen
tleman at considerable length. The latter
stated that his tlrm was vie lowest bid
der on eighty-one items and the fire com
mittee had recommended the award of
but five Items. If the committee's recom
mendation was adopted he would ask
leave to withdraw his bid. He said tne
department did not advertise for any
where near all the hardware supplies, It
required and when Mr. Byington called
his attention to the great difference be
tween his figures and those of Dunham,
Carrigan & Co. he replied that If the
Fire Department would agree to purchase
all the hardware supplies not called for
in the bids from his firm at market rates
he would willingly furnish the articles he
had been awarded free of cost.
Attorney T. D. Riordan, who represent
ed J. F. Wulzen, was next permitted to
address the board. He, too, had a writ
ten statement, the reading of which was
what caused the explosion. There, was
no mincing of words, or concealment of
names, and figures were quoted to sub
stantiate the charges.
Beginning with a sweeping denial of the
charge of collusion and showing how such
would be impossible, it accused tin?
heads of the Fire Department of purchas
ing all of the supplies for hardware not
called for in the bids, and even much that
had bef<n awarded to other firms, to the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Company.
In proof of this assertion the statement
recited that although Wulzen had been
awarded the contract for many articles
last year, his bill against the Fire Depart
they execute an nr<ler for $5000 which they
shall forfeit if the building Is not com
pleted by September 1. The contractors
also agree tr> allow the furnishing con
tractors free access to the building from
now on so that th<» structure will be ready
for occupancy on that date.
("nllins offered a resolution providing
that managers ami stockholders of cours
ing parks be permitted to receive
bets and wagers and sell auction pools on
coursing matches in this city ana county
sixty days in the. year. This will open the
parks every Sunday and on holidays
throughout the year. There la likely to
be a lively fight when the resolution
comes up for final passage.
The. proposals called for recently for hy
drants, bends, gates and forgings for the
fire department were rejected because of
their excessive figures. The chief En
gineer was authorized to manufacture
them instead.
The Spring Valley Water Company was
requested to lay water mains and hy
drants alone Q street South, between Fif
teenth and Eighteenth avenues South.
The San Francisco Gas Company was
ordered to move a lamp post at 1373 Eddy
street.
The Tax Collector was authorized to
spend $1500 during the month of July.
A resolution was introduced by Perrault
allowing the Tax Collector $1500 a month
to the end of the year to conduct his of
fice. Tax Collector Sheehan asked for
$2500 a month.
The Treasurer was empowered to trans
fer from the coupon account of the City
Hall construction bonds to the sinking
fund for the redemption of those bonds
$120128 after the amount for the redemp
tion of the bonds and the account' has
been met find provided for. '? ',
The following order was adopted:
Whereas, In the collection of personal
property taxes by the .Assessor amounting
at this time to about $497,348 22, It Is
deemed proper and expedient, as no appor
tionment can be made until the time of
fixing the tax levy on the third Monday In
September, 1839, to empower the Treasurer
to use the moneys bo collected by the As
sessor as and for personal property taxes
on and after July 1, 1*99. for the payment of
salaries; also for goods; wares, merchan
dise and labor supplied the city and county
during the fiscal year commencing: July 1,
1899; and -n the fixing of the levy and the
collection of taxes to apportion .the amount
received to the several funds and accounts
. and transfer from the moneys collected for
city and county purposes the amount due
as State moneys; therefore, ■■■,-.
Resolved, That the Treasurer be and he
i ment for the months of April and May
i amounted to only about $100, while Dun
ham-Carrigan's bill amounted to $1390.
Wulzer would agree to furnish the same
i articles now, even at the advanced mar
', ket price, for $1000, and said he would
• make a good profit on it.
The statement flatly charged that not
; over 10 per cent of the hardware used by
' the department was supplied by contract,
all the rest being bought in open market,
: supposedly, but in reality was purchased
| exclusively of the Dunham, Carrigan &
I Harden Company.
The reading this statement caused a
; decided sensation among the members of
the board, and Perrault called upon Mr.
\\ ulzen, who was in attendance, to sub
: stantiate it if he could. Mr. Wulzen
promptly replied that he had secured the
figures relative to purchases for April and
May from the Auditor's books and they
| were easy to verify.
Perrault demanded to know who was
responsible for these purchases and Wul
zen replied that he supposed Chief Sulli
van was. Wulzen went on to say that
some of the articles that had been award
ed to Snook & Co. last year had been
bought from Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
den by the department at 100 per cent
above the contract price. Dunham, Carri
gan & Hayden. he said, could afford
to give the articles bid on to the depart
ment In return for the monopoly they en
joyed. He reiterated the assertion that
only 10 per cent of the supplies wire
awarded by contract; all the rest were
bought in open market and all went to
the Dunham, Carrigan &. Hayden Com
pany.
Mr. Wulzen produced a bill purporting
to give prices charged by Dunham, Cani
gan & Hayden, among the items being
$1 CO for a single door knob; when a whole
lock could be bought for $1.25. Light T
hinges, which had been awarded to Snook
for 2 cents each Wulzen asserted were
purchased of Dunham-Carrigan for $1 20
each and there were many other exorbi
tant charges given. Articles were con
tracted for but were not supplied under
contract or by the contractor.
Mr. Wulzen's statement read by his at
torney, together with the hill he quoted
• from, were filed with Clerk Russell, and
then Chief Sullivan was called upon for
an explanation. The Chief denied that he
had any authority to purchase supplies
by requisition and said that rested en
tirely with the heads of departments.
Articles could be purchased without his
knowledge. He thought the bids included
about everything needed with a few
minor exceptions and he was positive that
90 per cent was not omitted from the con
tracts.
Peter H. Fleming, clerk of the Corpora
tion Yard, was positive there had been
nothing wrong iii the purchase of sup
plies for his department.. He was of the
.opinion that the hardware purchased in
open market during April and May would
not amount to more than $luO. Not more
than 5 per cent of what he purchased
was outside of tho contract.
John W. Reilly, superintendent of en
gines and machinery, admitted, after
much pressure by Perrault, that many
needed articles were omitted from the
bids and had to be bought in open mar
ket.
Perrault moved that all bids for hard
ware be rejected and the matter referred
to the Merchants' Association and the
board's expert to prepare a new sched
ule. Byington objected to delegating the
power of- the board to the Merchants'
Association, but Perrault called his at
tention to the street sweeping contract,
Which was given over to the Merchants'
Association.
Collins asked if the board under the
terms of the proposal could reject part of
the bids.
Mayor Phelan proceeded to read one
portion of the proposal and construed it
as being against Collins 1 contention, when
he was brought up with a turn by Per
rault, who reminded him that it was his
duty to preside over the board and not
to argue on any matter up for considera
tion. The Mayor then read the last
clause of the award, which expressly
stated that the board reserved the right
to reject all bids, and Perrault accepted
an amendment to his motion rejecting all
bids.
The Mayor said that certain contracts
for supplies had been passed to print al
ready, and Perrault moved that a reso
lution be prepared rescinding such action.
Mayor Phelan said the vote would have
to be reconsidered, and Collins moved
that it be reconsidered at once. It was
ruled out and Collins appealed from the
decision of the chair.
Perrault insisted that the resolution
Clerk Russell had prepared, rescinding
the vote, be acted upon, and finally the
Mayor backed down from his position,
saying it could be rescinded, as the
awards had only been passed to print.
The resolution rescinded the. action pass
ing to Drlnt such awards as had been
acted upon, rejected all bids and referred
the matter to the Merchants' Association
and the expert. It was adopted, but later
the board decided to award such con
tracts as were in reason and not dis
puted and reject all the bids for hard
ware and hose.
There will be an Investigation now and
some startling disclosures are likely.
Is hprehy empowered and requested to lisa
on and after July 1, 1899, the moneys col
lected hy the Assessor as, anil for personal
property taxes for the payment of sal
aries; also for goods, warcn, merchandise
ami labor supplied the rlty and county dur
ing the fiscal year commencing July 1
1899. find on the fixinc of the tax levy and
the collection of taxes to apportion the
amount r«»ce!ved to the several funds and
accounts and to transfer from thr> moneys
collected for city and county purposes the
amount due an State moneys.
Further resolved, That Dip attention of
the Auditor and Treasurer lu> and is here
by called to the provisions of this resolu
tion.
A resolution was adopted requesting the
Market Street Railway Company to report
to? the board the kind of guards used on
its electric cars, and whether any of the
guards prescribed by Order No. 60 have
been or are now used.
The Treasurer was authorized to pay
S!S7/ 10 out of the general fund to the
State for the care and maintenance of pu
pils at Whittier; also $24,600 97 out of the
street light fund for lighting public streets
ami buildings for June.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions wore received and
referred to the Street Committee: George Da
vis, tor permission to remove two buildings
from the northeast comer of Pacific avenue
and Laguna Btreat to Broadway, between I \
cunn and Octavia; Samuel Hyman, for per
mission to erect pole with electric light siirn
at 104 Powell street; Ocean View and [nglestde
Property Association, for ♦•xtensinn of the
pound limits to county line; Van Ness Avenue
Improvement Mu;>. for provision In next tux
levy for better lighting of Van NeM avenue
Filbert and North Point streets and or Lom
bard street, between Van Ness avenue and
I-yon street; 3. B. Arramhlde, for permission
to construct small projecting Window in front
of premises on -east side of Jones street be
tween Jackson and Washington; R. J. Sanoutte
for permission to maintain an old horse car on
northwest corner of Hyde and Beach street
thirteen Chinese associations, for permission
to maintain wire screens at windows and sky
lights of their respective premises; John Craig
for favorable consideration of his fender for
street cars; San Francisco Bridge Company
for extension of ten days on contract for ex
cavating, piline unl pumping for erection of
an engine house ■ :■■ Rluxome street, near
Fourth; <~5. \\ Nl< •< ; m r a license to solicit
street work; property owners, to raise. grade
at Twenty-ninth street and Tiffany avenue;
George Metealfe, for permission to maintain a
barber pole in front of 44i> Geary street; J.
Warren, for permission to blast out a con
crete enelne and boiler bed on vacant lot
bounded by Fremont. lieale. Howard and Fol
Hales.
Mr? tin ' )ro^ er y'
MkW*. •r,.^^>.. N vL The art of embroidery
--S&^^ > antedates that of paint-
S£ to- -^ ing. Moses and Homer
speak of it. In olden times it was the chief occu-
pation of all classes of women. To-day Germany
and Switzerland lead the world in the manufacture
of white embroidery, but the United States is fast
developing the industry. Most embroidery pur-
chased by Hale's California stores is manufactured
in St. Gall, Switzerland.
An embroidery cleanup.
A Quick Sale of Embroideries — 2700 yards of embroidery to go
out this week. Been accumulating since the first of the year.
Broken lines must go. Some are slightly soiled ; some have been
used for window displays ; some for interior decorations ; many
are in perfect condition. The lots will be sold as follows :
200 yards of skirt flouncing, $1.50 and $2 values, at... .08c yard
300 yards swiss bouncing, $1.25 and $1.50 values, at..7~c yard
200 yards openwork flouncing, $1.00 values ~Oc yard
500 yards openwork embroidery. 3 to 6 inches wd°.,'2 l '- ; c yard
600 yards op- nwork embroidery, 2 to 3 inches wide. ..7'^ yard
900 yards of white and co'ored embroidery 5c yard
A Ru.otllnn: Clean-up !n Fancy Ruffling— yards in the lot.
Fancy Bilk crepe and ribbon trimmed, in black, white and colors,
from 2 to 3 inches wide. This is a miscellaneous lot worth from
25c to 50c a yard. It will surely come -in handy some time. Your
pick J>o a Yard
Shirt waists and wash goods.
White Pique — "50 yards of dainty white pique. 2« Inches wide,
the heavy corded effect, that was 20c, have been cut to close at
15c a Yard
1250 Yards of White Pique, 28 inches wide, the fir:<-> cordrd 10c
quality; cut to close at Sc a Yard
Crochet Quilts— SCO white crochet quilts, '.1 by SI Inches, a pood.
heavy, hemmed, ready-to-use quilt for you at Hale's T."<- Kach
• Curtain Swiss— 2o pieces of white curtain Swiss, ?A inches wide.
In stripes and all-over designs, to be closed out beginning to-dayi
six patterns in the lot Oe a YarA
Reduction in Shirt Waists— lso percale waists, in a por.il assort-
ment of colors, and a broken assortment of sizes, to be closed out
this week. These srJd for $1 25 each. Dainty little patterns and per
feet fit. Perhaps your size may be in the lot; to close at. 7."»« - Each
Phlrt Waists— l6o hl^h-crad/ 1 shirt waists in broken siz^sto goonthe
clean-up tables; a choice assortment of colors in the S2 50 line; look
for your size; if you find it, It's a snap 91.50 Each
An icecream freezer.
lee Cream Freezers refreshing to think about them; Shep-
herd's lightning- ice cream freezers, with triplicate motion, are only
a third of the work; quicker, too; two-quart size $1.55 Each
Combination Pocket book— Funny how the price varies on pocket-
book?. We have seen them not one bit better, selling for ?1 apiece.
Inside card case and outside pocket for handkerchief; well sotten up
and of good appearance. We used to sell them for 45c; cut to rlose at
i£se Each
Market Street, /m/ £(^^^^p^~ Maii-order^ouse.
iviar*<= Jay Mail-order house.
t r> Davidson for permission to
WISSm
wmmmm
and' Tenth avenues, by private contract.
J- PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The ' following protests were received and
referred to the proper committees: Property
owner* against laying of artificial stone sid«
walkV'on Pacific avenue, between Franklin
street and Van Ness avenue: Fame, against |
paving balance between Jackson and Gold
streets with bitumen; same against extension
of pound limits to Ocean lew; same, against
establishment of Chinese hospital on Sacra
mento street below Stockton: same against
pavtng of Oakwood street from Eighteenth
souther! v C. Casassa, against la/ing of artifi- ,
cial Stone sidewalks on Grove street between :
Webster and Flllmore; Rosa Rosenfeld, against
laving of artificial stone sidewalks on east
side of Spruce street, between Sacramento and |
Clay; property owners, against raising the .
grade Of Castro street at Fifteenth and the
westerly terminus of Fifteenth street; same,
asainst the construction of cesspools and cul
verts In the crossing of Baker and Bay and
Baker and Francisco streets: Lake lew Im
provement Club, against the extension of the
pound limits to Lake View and Ocean View:
Iroquois Club, against the granting o! ar» iretv
franchises until the new charter shall have
gone into effect.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were recom
mended referred to the proper committees:
California Associated Cycling Clubs, recom
mending Berlin rails for all street railway
tracks; Draymen and Teamsters Union, in
dorsing same.
FINAL, ACCEPTANCE OF STREET WORK.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were passed as follows: Spruce street, be
tween Clay and Washington, bitumen; Twenty
third street, between Alabama and Florida.
bitumen; same between Bryant and York; same
between Harrison and Alabema; same be
tween Hampshire street and Potrero avenue:
same between Florida and Bryant streets;
same between York and Hampshire; crossings
of Twenty-third and Hampshire, Florida. York
and Harrison streets; Walter, between Thir
teenth and Fourteenth, bitumen.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Resolutions were passed granting Manuel ,T.
Pires permission to grade, sewer, macadamize
and curb East avenue, between Andover and
Holly Park avenue by private ' contract.
Flinn & Treacy were granted permission to con
struct an eifht-lnch Ironstone pipe sewer in
Vermont street, between Seventeenth and Marl
posa streets. also for paving With bitumen and
laying granite curbs, York street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, by private
contract.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Resolutions ordering street work were passed
as follows: Granite curbs and artificial stone
sidewalks on northerly side of Eighteenth
street, between Dolores and Church, from
northwesterly corner of Dolores and Eight
eenth, westerly .7,'s feet, roadway in center of
Eighteenth street in same district be paved
with bitumen except that portion required to
be kept In order by the street railway compa
nies. BH"M
PINAX ACTION TAKEN
Rp?=n]utions were finally passed as follows:
Reducing width of Bldewalka on Bosworth
ptrept from fifteen tn ten fp>-t ; granting Peter
JTcHurli p^rmipsinn to grade, macadamize, etc.,
westerly half of Twenty-fifth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street, by pri
vate contort : granting Pun F*rancißco Paving
Company permission to pave Laussat avenue,
between Buchanan and Webster ptreptp. bitu
men, by private contract; crantlng iiermissifn
to Henw Dlener to move a buildine from
Franklin, between Clay and Washington, to
McAllister, between Raker anil Lyon.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions declaring the intention of the
board to order street work, were passed «s
follows:
Granite curb and artificial stone sidewalks on
northerly Fide of Eighteenth street, between
Dolores "and Church, westerly from the corner
of Dolores 3SS feet; roadway of ElghteenUi
street to center line to be paved with bitumen
ous rock except that part required to be kept
In order by the railroad company: «{; tlfi "' l {
stone sidewalk on southerly side of Chestnut
street, between Dupont and Stockton, where not
already laid and except where bituminous rock
sidewalks are laid: ten-Inch Ironstone pipe
w'.th three manholes' and covers in Chapulte
nee street between Eugenia and Virginia aye-
Sues Tto connect with sewer in Virginia aye
nue: ten-inch ironstone ; pine sewer northerly
portion of crossing of Chanultepec street and
Eugenia avenue: twelve-inch ironstone pipe
sew-er in easterly and westerly portions and
eipht-inch Ironstone pipe sewer in southerly
portion, with manhole and cover in center of
said crossing; also cesspools and culverts In
northeasterly and southeasterly corners of said
crossing.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st, •
Hales.
NO PAIN. NO PAIN.
Ofl PHR CE.Ni ik
W DISCOUNT
g£ on Plates and Bridgework
M Until iJSMBiWrrrWf 30 B
I flugust I Days H
SEE OUR NEW
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER fIND STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crowns $3.50. Plates $5. Filling 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the •■
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink. •-•..•■■.-.. -'. : •-.
**>: OI'ARAXTEE FOin BOXES
to cure any with a positive written guar- . •
antee or refund the money, .ii.ii to destroy tha .
appetite for Intoxicating liquor;. ■ .•
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDO2 OF THE PATIENT.
fTSnUC nSIUI/ ronswKiwrj-. Poverty
ainUrlb UnlFiKnaia Ur«i<i. Upon receipt
it slo.oo tvs wli: mail you four [ JJ boies and post-
We ■written cii.iran!!i> to cure or return]
on?-™>ni>». Sip- • - --"VV
GEORGE DAHL.BENDER & CO.. Sole Aftm..
«4 Kearar st., B*n Franclaoo.
—^— — — .
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIK MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF,
An »y?ensivo library of choice literature .las
lust b*en added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
Centers.
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated. *
and other particulars.
W, JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor, /
WbbHj Call $1.00 . DBrTear-