VOLUME LXXXYI-^O 97.
TRANSVAAL SOON TO
BE SCENE OF STRIFE
It ls % Reported That Boers Will Declare War
at Very Short Notice.
Try to Raid Natal Before British Troops Arrive, and Kruger's
Forces Are Likely to Be Backed by Orange
THE EXODUS FROM JOHANNESBURG.
trvation i I ■ people t3d ihere i 3
••able approach of v.ar ha.= caused a panic and a stampede from the pi:
TONDON. Sept. s.— The
jj nesburg correspondent of
2 I the Standard says: "1 learn
■M from an official who has
been earnestly striving for peace
that the matter is now hopeless.
The Boers will probably declare
war at forty-eight hours' notice
and will try to raid Natal before
the British troops arrive. I be
lieve the Orange Free State will
join the Transvaal, but that the
Boers in Natal and Cape Colony
will remain quiet in the outset un
less irritated by the dismissal of
the Cape Coiony Cabinet.
"The Boers have the fullest
confidence in their magazine rifle
and their skill in marksmanship.
State Attorney Smuts is the chief
inciter of the war party. Thirty
thousand men in the Transvaal
and 20-000 in the Orange Free
State will take the field/
The Times prints a letter from the
F-ishop of Pretoria, appealing for funds
to relieve the terrible distress caused by
•the protracted tension and the fears of
v.ar.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Delagoa Bay says the refugees from
Barberton declare that they were
v arced to leave, as the Boers intended
to cordon the district. •
There are numerous other dispatches
giving rumors as to war - plans and
! preparations, the probable attitude of
the natives and possible developments.
Among the crowd of conflicting dis
patches from South Africa regarding
the Transvaal situation, it is still Im
possible to Fay exactly what has hap
pened. It seems evident, however, that
President Krager has withdrawn the
five-year franchise, which was depend
ent on Great Britain's acceptance of
. Impossible conditions regarding suzer
ainty and has made some sort of tem
pcrizir.g counter suggestions regarding
a conference.
The Standard and Digger News gives
v.hat purports to be a report of the se
cret session of the Volksraad on Satur
day. According to this account, the
Vo'lksraad not only determined to.re-
the five-year proposal, but also di
rectly opposed President Kruger's visit
ing Cape Town, and resolved to make
a **taud for the abrogation of England's
c'aim to suzerainty. The Boer organ
then asserts: "The Government, both
the Raads and the Burghers, fee! that
they have offered all they intend to
offer and are now resolved to stand or
fall by this decision."
Boer statements of this kind, coupled
v.ith the arrests at Johannesburg. speak
louder than the wriggling pretenses of
Pretoria about arriving at an under
standing. Certainly Mr. ;: -penny
and' other refugees will not be In a
hurry to return to Johannesburg on ac
) count of the fine assurances of the
State Attorney."
A dispatch from Johannesburg to
Reuters Age:. definitely announces
that the reply of the Transvaal to the
British communications withdraws the
franchise proposal, and agrees in prin-
The San Francisco Call.
Free State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ciple to a conference at Cape Town. M.
Pakeman, editor of the Tr.ansvaal
Leader, has been released under £500
bail, and the charges against him have
been reduced from treason to violation
of the" press laws.
The afternoon papers take the view
that if the foregoing dispatch is cor
rect. President Kruger's reply is
ominous, as it was palpably made to
gain time.
Sir Alfred Miner's suggestion of a
further conference at Cape Town was
instigated with the sole purpose of con
sidering details and for the enforce
ment of the concessions offered by the
Boers. If these concessions are with
drawn there can be no object, from a
British point of view, for parleying
longer. The only Inference to be drawn
is that the Boers have taken Mr. Jo
seph Chamberlain, the ' Secretary %jf
State for the Colonies, at his word in a
broader ser.se than he intended and
that they new want to begin negotia
tions' over again on an entirely new
basis.
The shrewdness of this reported
move is not likely to save it from being
interpreted, by the British Government
as a thinly veiled defiance, and unless
it is accompanied by a vague agreement
to further confer it would .generally be
taken as sufficient cause. *er immediate
hostilities.
Regarding the exact terms of the re
ply In question, reports continue mys
tifying in contradictions, but all agre*
that the excitement in Johannesburg is
unabated and that the exodus from that
city is continuing and that distress
there is Increasing. Cablegrams from
Boer and British South Africa sources
detail war preparations cm all sides.
The pessimistic view of the Trans
vaal situation indicated by the after
noon" papers is strengthened by a well
denned rumor that a Cabinet council
has been hurriedly called and an evi
dent feeling at the Colonial Office that
the crisis has become more acute.
PRETORIA, Sept. 4.— The reply of
the Transvaal Republic to the demands
of Great Britain increases the term of
years' residence necessary to obtain the
franchise.
In connection with the arrest of Mr.
Pakeman. editor of the Transvaal
Leader, and the threatened arrest of
other Outlanders, the State Attorney
denies that instructions were ever is
sued at Pretoria for these arrests or
that any political arrests were con
templated, and says warrants were is
sued at Johannesburg by a subordinate
without consultation with the State's
Attorney. This announcement tends to
quiet the public mind and to arrest the
exodus.
CAPE TOWN. Sept. The news re
ceived from Pretoria to-day begins to
show the situation in a clear light. It
appears that the Transvaal's reply.
which was handed on Saturday to the
British diplomatic agent at Pretoria.
Mr. Con yngham -Greene, was only to
Mr. Chamberlain's proposal respecting
a conference at Cape Town, and that
another reply will be delivered to-mor
row to Mr. Chamberlain's original pro
posal of a Joint inquiry into the fran
chise bill.
This method of splitting negotiations
by the Transvaal is unfavorably com
mented upon here.
The Cape Argus officially denies that
the Government of the South African
republic has agreed to a conference at
Cape Town.
The Cape Argus also declares that the
explanation of the arrests offered by
the Transvaal's State's Attorney, Air.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
Smuts, is unsatisfactory, and that the
roe that call.*-: for immediate
lation.
HANNA WILL WORK FOR
DEFEAT OF M'LEAN
Thinks the Ohio Politician Is Looking
for a Place en the National
Ticket.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— Rejuvenated by a
course of treatment at German baths
and a summers visit to Europe. United
States Senator Hanna has returned to
London for a few days rest, previous to
Failing for the United States on board
the American line steamer St. Louis on
Saturday next. Senator Han: . is
hurrying: to Ohio to participate in the
opening of the Republican campaign at
Akron.
From a conversation with Senator
Karma. the correspondent here of the
Associated Press gathered that the zest
with which the Senator is looking for
ward to the conflict in Ohio is due to
the fact that he recognized that the
coming: campaign will not only furnish
the reply to the question of the coun
try's indorsement of the national ad
ministration, but that back of the can
didacy of John R. McLean for the Gov
ernship of Ohio, there is an aspiration
for the second place on the Democratic
Presidential ticket, with Mr. Bryan.
and failing: of election, a future contest
for the United States natorship from
Ohio.
GENERAL JIMENES
AT CAPE HAYTIEN
Aspirant for the San Domingo Presi
dency Is En Route to Puerto
Plata.
• APE HAYTIEX. Sept. 4.-The steamer
Geori with the Jimenes party
on board, reached Buraeoa >i all nlaj. the
Dom:. -a.ier expecting
to take passage for San Domirgo. The
ex;~dition, however. was detained.
Jlmenes was ?urpri?'H3 to find his party
Jaiied. ar.d no order for their release could
be obtained. The wire being down, it was
impossible to communicate with Santiago.
Jimenes wa- greatly disappointed, and
said I - :;v» assurance from Gen-
Wood that there wouid be no diffi
cult}- in procuring their release. Jimenes
arrived here this afternoon on the Georges
Croise. from Baraeoa. accompanied by his
reral friends, la the course of
a brief interview he stiid his plans were
: roratty. and the Georges
-.iil to-night for Puerto
: • - day
or two before continuing his journey to
I . of San Domingo.
WORKWOMEN VISIT THE
GRAVE OF HENRY GEORGE
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— Hundreds of
workir.gmen and others belonging to sin
pie tax and labor organizations in this
gathered to-day at
Henry George's grave in Greenwood
i.'cmi • - -is accompanied
.:.. rnbers of the George
: ■
exercises were held, after
which the Worldngmen's Henry George
rial Committee placed a handsome
":-r«:g.'i < f the order of the Knights
or on the grave. On the floral em
blem were written in flowers the four last
words :z\ Henry George"? book. "Progress
and Poverty'— They call and c
■ ♦
ERNEST VAUGHAN DEAD.
Was Sixth Earl of Lisburne and Dep
uty Lieutenant of Cardiganshire.
XDON. S^pt. 4.— Ernest George
Henry Arthur Vaughan. sixth earl of Lis
burne. is dead. He was born July 30.
He was a Deputy Lieutenant for
t'ardiKariShire. He was married in 18SS
to Evelyn, daughter of the late Edmund
Probyn of Hunblcy. Gloucester.
HENRY WAS
SLAIN BY
THE MATE
New Version of the Death of
the Captain of the Ship
Cyrus Wakefield.
WAS HIT Itt THE HEAD
An Undertaker Writes That In
spection of the Body Upon Arrival
Sere Will Show Foci Play.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Sept
4.— The fate of Captain" Henry of
the American ship Cyrus Wake
field, while rounding Cape Horn,
seems to be shrouded In mystery,
according to mail advices received here
to-day from Port Stanley. ■ Falkland
Island. On August 14 reports reached
this city to the effect that Captain
Henry of the Cyrus Wak- field, while
rounding Cape Horn, v.as killed by be
ing dashed against the cabin of his ves
sel by an immense sea, which swept the
deck of the ship. According ip letters
received here to-day by E. Biggs
from his brother, Alfred Biggs, who is
an undertaker at Port Stanley, it ap
pears that Captain Henry met death at
the hands of his mate, who during the
heat of passion, hit Captain Henry on
the head with a carpenter's hammer,
and after the deed was committed loot
ed the cabin of all valuables. Accord
ing to the letter. Captain Henry had
been dead three days when the vessel
put into Pert Ftanley, and the sailor
say that th-? mate wanted to run to
Montevideo, but the sailors absolutely
refused to do duty unless the first port
was made as they claimed that by run
ning to Moni^vid^o the body would
have decomposed and necessitated a
burial at sea.
Upon arrival at Port Stanley the
body was taken ashore and turned over
to the Coroner. The m&te refused to
allow the sailors to go ashore, and he
was the only one who gave' testimony
at the inquest. Just before the Wake
field arrived at Port Stanley the jnan,
at the wheel when Captain ■ Her ;y\Tfrs
supposed to have been kided by the
shipping of a heavy sea was hit on the
head by, the mate and knocked sense
less, and when he came to himself the
mate threatened to kill him uhleaa he
kept quiet.
According to the letter, after the body
of Captain Henry was taken ashore at
Port Stanley and the inquest was held,
the only witness being the male, a ver
dict was rendered that the captain met
death by being thrown against the
cabin by the vessel shipping a sea.
Th? mate forsook his post of duty and
tcok the first steamer leaving port,
when he was the proper person to take
the vessel to the port of destination.
Biggs, the writer of the letter, says
the action of the mate caused a sus
picion of foul play. The mate was
smoking high-priced cigars and was
spending money elaborately until after
the inquest was held over the remains
of the captain, when he suddenly dis
appeared, leaving the ship without a
master. Captain Chipman of the
wrecked ship John R. Kelly, with th-="
crew of that vessel, took command and
sailed for San Francisco.
The crew of the Wakefield left here
say that the mate was responsible for
the death of Captain Henry.
'I took charge of the body," says
Bisrgs, '"and placed it in a lead coffin.
While handling the body I noticed a
hole in the head, which ha* the appear
ance of having been made with a blunt
Instrument, but there were' no other
bruises on the body. Upon the arrival
of the body of Captain Henry at San
Francisco the casket should be opened,
and an examination of the remains
made, and I am certain that the fact
would be revealed that Captain Henry
met death through foul pay. The cap
tain had a biz hole in the back of his
head and since the inquest, the ship
carpenter says his hammer has disap
peared.
PLACE WHERE THE TRANSPORT MORGAN CITY WAS LOST.
View of Sfcimonoseki Straits at the western entrance of the inland sea. through which the Morgan City passed shortly before meeting her fate on Onl
michi reef.
ALL TROOPS SAVED
FROM MORGAN CITY
Transport and Cargo, However, Will Probably
Be a Total Loss.
The Stranded Vessel Backed From the Reef and Beached,
Quartermaster Carter Reports Splendid Work Done
by Officers and Crew.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL WASH
INGTON. Sept. 4.— Further
advices from Nagasaki con
cerning the transport Morgan
City show that while the vessel
and her cargo are probably lost
all persons on board are safe.
According to a statement
made public at the War Depart
ment to-day the Morgan City
sailed from San Francisco on
August 10, with 689 recruits un
der command of Major W. Wit
tich, Twenty-first Infantry: First
Lieutenant and Quartermaster
Carter, Fourth Infantry: First
Lieutenant Bates, Twenty-fifth
Infantry: Second Lieutenant
Conger, Eighteenth Infantry:
Second Lieutenant Hurst. Third
Infantry: Surgeon Swift- six pos
tal clerks and two nurses. She
was under command of Captain
Doris.
Quartermaster Genera! Lud
dington told me to-day that the
Government wi!! rot lose a penny
in consequence of the accident
to the Morgan City. Her charter
pay ceased the moment she ran
agrounu- he continued* and the
Government is not liable for one
penny, though it wi!i lose the food
and general cargo on board the
ship as the result cf contact with
the water.
The accident to the ship may
disarrange our plans for the sail
ing of the ten regiments being or
ganized, but by the time they a^
ready we will have an ample
number of vessels to transport
them to Manila.
The Morgan City is owned by
the Ladue Company of New York.
She was built in Wilmington in
1 876. She was chartered by the
Government some months ago
and has made four trips to Ma
nila.
The following dispatch re
ceived this afternoon gives some
particulars of the wreck of the
Morgan City:
-NAGASAKI, Sept. 3.—Adju
tant General, Washington: The
transport Morgan City, under the
guidance of an experienced pilot)
struck the reef in the inland sea.
eight miles from Onimichi and
250 miles from Nagasaki, about
4 a. m. September 1. The trans
port was backed off at daylight.
The vessel filled rapidly and was
beached and all saved. The offi
cers and crew did splendid work.
I have telegraphed to Kobe for
food and am sending a wrecking
crew for the vessel and food from
here. The cargo was almost all
lost. Can you send me a trans
. port from Manila? American
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MANILA. Sept. 5, 11:35 a. m.— The transport Ohio will leave to-day
for the inland sea of Japan t» take on board and bring to Manila the
■ on board the transport Morgan City, wrecked near Fri
day morning. The Ohio will also bring the cargo of the wrecked steamer,
if possible.
LONDON. Sept. s.— According to a dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Japan, the Morgan City is a total wreck.
money is good here oniy. hence \
the delay.
"CARTER, Quartermaster."
General Otis cabled Minister
Buck for particulars and notified
the department that the Ohio
would be sent to Nagasaki.
SCHURMAN HOPES FOR AN
EARLY END OF THE WAR
WASHINGTON. Sept. 4 — The Cabinet
to-day was in session for more than two
hours, and a variety of matt- which
have accumulated during the Presidents
absence were discussed, j
It was Secretary Root's first ■ attend
ance, the other membe.rs present bting
Secretary Hay. Secretaries Gage. Hitch
cock and Wilson. President Schurman
of the Philippine Commission was also
present by invitation and made a compre
hensive statement of the situation in UK
islands.
It is understood that within th- next
two or three days he will make ■ a - state
ment to the press which will cover nls
observations on the islands, and later will
make a formal report to the President
covering the subject in detail.
This report, however, will not be made
until the other members of the commis
sion arrive in Washington and not until
after Admiral Dewey's return. It is un
derstood that Mr. Schurican takes a
hopeful view of the situation in the Phil
ippines and has m> doubt that with- In
creased forces comparatively" short work
will be made of Aguinaldo and the insur
gent forces. He stated tnat although
Aguinaldo is the leader of a very strong
faction of the natives, he. does not- by
any means fairly represent the entire
population, a considerable number ap
pearing to be more or less inoitferent a*
to the outcome of the insurrection. Al
though the work of the anti-Imp-.
League has had no considerable influence
among the soldiers in the army. Mr.
Schcrman said it certainly had given
great encouragement to Aguinaldo and
riis followers.
The influence of the league In this
country. Mr. Schurman thought, had
be«-n ina emitted by the insurgent leaders
ar.d has 'had the effect of giving them
heart end a. ttrong hope of ultima! suc
cess.
.Com'jjentinfr or. the published statement
that President McKinley ha*, formulated
a plan Jo: tha -•••:■ of the Philip
pines after the insurrection shall have
toen put down it was stated by a mem
ber of the Cabinet that uo detinite plans
whatever have be?-i« do '•■ by the Presi
dent, nor is he at the present time giving
the subject much thought. He will co
operate with the committees of Congress
when that matter comes up for settle
ment, but it is certain that he will not
formulate any hard and fast system of
government and insist upon its adoption.
The subject of relieving- General Otis
from a part of his duties as the head of
both the civil government and th& mili
tary forces was not mentioned at to-day's
meeting, although there is a growing im
pression that he may be put at the head
of the civil government and relieved of
the responsibility of the military opera
tions. - •
SAYS FILIPINOS CANNOT
GOVERN THEMSELVES
WASHINGTON, Bepi B r.ator Car
ter of Montana, in an interview with a
Post reporter to-day, said that in his
opinion the war in the Philippines -would
' nuary 1. Then, he said,
would come the question of the future
disposition of the Islands. The Repub
lican party, he believed, would settle this
question by insisting on the retention of
the Philippines as a matter of business
profit.
•Th:>." added the Senator, "is a prac
tical age. We are going to deal with this
•Inn on the basis of dollars and cents.
If the American people believe that the
Philippines are going to help us. the;
never let the islands go. If. on the other
hand, they find that the Philippines mean
a constant drain and small returns, you
will find the verdict of the psople to be
against permanent retention. Neither re
ligion n - m atiment will have mv I
Suence in determining the verdict. The
great question will be. Will it pay? If
we can show the country that >t will, as
1 think we can. the American flae will
never come down from the Philippines.
PEICE FIVE CEXTS.
"Three suggestions as to government
will undoubtedly be made. The first will
be to abandon the islands entirely to tha
natives, I do not believe this will meet
the approval of the American people. The
second will be to seize the islands In a
firm grasp, assuring the people that we
mean to give them a better government
than they could enjoy under any other
flag or could create for themselves, but
that we are the masters and propose to
remain so. Then, the third proposition
will be to throw a loose string- around the
people, holding their seaports and cus
tom-houses with our navy, but allowing
them absolute freedom in their Internal
affairs. This freedom, in my judgment,
would soon become anarchy, and we
would have to rule anyway, so I should
say that the second prop-". is the one
that ought to be adopted. The firmer
we are in our administration the more re
spect will those people have for us.
"As tc the form of government." con
tinued Senator Carter. "I should say that
a Governor ought to be appointed by the
President with a Council also selected
by him. There might be a Filipino Leg
islature composed of prominent men from
each of the islands to discuss questions
and advise" the Governor. I don't approve
of a commission. I think the authority
ought to be vested in a responsible head,
not spread through several commissions.
' ♦ ■
DEATHS AMONG THE
TROOPS AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Sept 4.-General Otis
has cabled the "War Department the fol
lowing' death report:
Chronic dysentery. August 25, Jacob
Goble. L. Twelfth Infantry 2Sth, Thomas
Quinne, Fourth .Cavalry; 31st, Frederick
H. Hutfils, quartermaster surgeon. H,
Twenty-fir Infantry; 3)th, Palmer Heal
soh; ""H, Third Infantry; September 2,
George D. Dahl. D. Fourteenth Infantry;
acute dysentery, August 20, John Kane,
C, Seventeenth Infantry; September 1,
John W. Fugat, hospital corps; Robert
M. Naz'.r. Ninth Infantry; chronic gas
tritis, August 27. "William Shock, K.
Twenty-second Infantry; intestinal ob
struction. August 31. William P. Seward,
G. Twsnty-first Infantry; typhoid fever,
2Sth. Edwin H. Jeber, K. Third Infantry;
31st, George Guess; corporal. I. Ninth In
fantry September 1. Thomas Railph, If,
Twenty-second Infantry; pneumonia,
August 27. Charles Todd. sergeant, E,
Nineteenth Infantry: Hugh B. Noble. G,
Seventeenth Infantry; nephritis, SSth;
Robert A. Crystal. First Washington;
meningitis, cerebral, 26th, Frederick C.
Sharland. corporal, B. Twentieth Kan
sas; uraemia. 7th. Elmer Raymond, E.
Nineteenth Infantry: apoplexy, 30th, Otto
H. Boehnke, G. Feurth Cavalry: aneu
rism, rupture, September 1. Fred C.
Bubmann, K. First. "Washington.
■ ♦
COMMISSION WILL
MEET IN NOVEMBER
WASHINGTON, Sept. 4.— There will be
a meeting of the Philippine Commission
In "Washington, probably in November,
for the purpose of preparing its report on
the Philippines. All the members will be
present except . Major General Otis, who
will remain at Manila.
It is understood that Instructions will
be sent to Professor Worcester and Mr.
Denby, the remaining: civilian members of
the commission in Manila, to expedite th*»
work they are now on, so they can sail
for the United States early in October and
reach Washington in time to formulate
their report. The report will probably
be transmitted to Congress with the
President's message.
Secretary Root presented to the Cabi
net facts concerning the organization of
the new volunteer regiments with the
statement of transportation arrange
ments. Mr. Root is confident that all
troops will be at Manila at the end of the
rainy season. The question of admitting
Porto Rican tobacco into Cuba, at a lower
rate of duty was also discussed. No de
cision on this point was reached. The
time of the Cabinet was also taken with
considering developments in the Alaskan
boundary controversy reported by Secre
tary Hay.
•
TROOPS RETURNING ON
THE TRANSPORT TARTAR
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 4.— General Otis
cabled to-day that the Tartar left Manila
yesterday for San Francisco 'with forty -
eight officers, thirteen civilians, four hun
dred discharged men and seven hundred
and thirty-five enlisted men of the Kan
sas Regiment, seven of the hospital corps,
making a total of 1210.2
AGUINALDO CHEERED
AT A GATHERING OF
GOTHAM DEMOCRATS
War Upon the Filipinos De
nounced as an Assault Upon
American Traditions.
NEW YORK, Sept 4.— The rally of
"Chicago Platform Democrats" at
Cooj • ; gfhJ wa« turned Into
a ratification meeting for Aguinaldo be
fore it came to an end. Each speaker
referred to the war in the Philippines
as "the murder of innocent savages."
Th» resolutions denounced President
McKinley and the American campaign
as a "grossly Immoral upsaut upon be
lievers in our principle of Government
and a cruel and brutal attempt to crush
a weak people bravely contending for
the exercise of the natural and God
given right of self-government."
Cobper Union has been the scene of
■ its of demonstrations by all sorts
ople in the Interest of all sorts of
things, but probably never before was a
• r Union crowd asked to cheer for
the leader of a people with whom this
country is at war.
"The money istue," shouted Con
gressman Lentz of Ohio, who was
speaking, "will keep. But if you mur
der Aguinaldo you have destroyed one
of the heroes of the world."
There was a tremendous uproar, a
few Mhbwi and much cheering, and
wh> n the tumult died down a \
yelled:
"Three cheers for Apuinaldo."
They were given with surprising
vigor.
Again L.entz "T fail to see why
It Is not as appropriate for Aguinaldo to
cay: "Give me liberty or give me death, 1
as It was for Patrick Henry to say it."
And there was more cheering.
Further on h<> declared this country
had bought Filipinos at $2 a he-ad and
that if it bought people it would sell
them. Therefore, he would like to have
this country sell the State of Maine
to Great Britain. He thought Great
BOUNDARY LINE
IS AGREED ON
Few Minor Questions to
Be Settled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
Sept. 4.— Great Britain and the United
States have practically agreed upon a
temporary line denning the boundary
between Alaska and Canada. Negotia
tions now in progress relate only to
minor questions growing out of the
definition of the line.
One of the unsettled questions relates
to the status of mines owned by Ameri
cans which may lap over into territory
which lias been under control of Can
ada. Representatives of American mine
owners say that it would bo unfair to
Ajnerican miners if no provision should
be made for them in cast their proper
ty should lie half on the American and
half on the Canadian side of the line.
The prospective settlement of the
boundary question 1b due to conces
sions made not only by Great Britain
but by this Government also. Secre
tary Hay has won in the matter of ex
cluding Canada from the Lynn Canal,
but a port of entry on the canal will
be given should final settlement fail to
give Canada a permanent harbor. The
Secretary has also been successful in
keeping the British tn the north of the
village of Kluckwan, though, it is said,
he has agreed to the placing of the line
just above the village, lnsttad of four
miles beyond as originally demanded.
Secretary Hay laid the late corre
spondence In the controversy before
the Cabinet at its session to-day, and
considerable satisfaction with it was
expressed by the President and mem
bers of the official family. It is ex
pected that the modus Vivendi will be
settled in a few days unless Canada
should again assume a hostile attitude,
and her present attitude i? concilia torv.
Special Reciprocity Commissioner
Kasson. who is a member of the High
Joint Commission, conferred with Sec
retary Hay to-day regarding the
boundary negotiations. The modus
Vivendi has nothing whatever, of
course, to do with other questions pend
ing between Canada and the United
States. It Is expected by administra
tion officials, however, that with the
settlement, even temporarily, of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAKNESS AttD
PAIN IN back
IS A WARNING 10 WOMEN THAI SERIOUS
DISEASE THREATENS.
HUDYAN CURES. .
mi <2ji£ $s^l
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa.
DEAR DOCTORS: If it had not been for
your valuable Hudyan I certainly would never
have survived my illness. My complaint was
Female Weakness and Nervous trouble. I suf-
fered with pain in back and over bowels, and
was so weak that I could scarcely walk acr**»
the room. I was reduced to a mere skeleton.
Hudyan gave me strength and flesh, relieved
all pain, cured my nervousness, and I am now
in perfect health. Hudyan is a sure cure for
Femal* Weakness. MRS. W. H. LEWIS.
Sickly women Who Buffer With bearing-down
patns, dragging pains, leueorrhoea, irregulari-
ties, despondency, headaches, that all-gone and
tired feeling, palpitation of the heart and
dizzy spells should take Hudyan. Hudyan is
a boon to suffering women, for it affords com-
fort. It cures permanently. •
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— soc a pack-
age or six packages for $2 £0.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co., corner
Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL •OR •WRITE.
Britain would give $20 a head for the
Maine people and the country would
get its money back for the payment to
Spain.
The resolutions adopted, after indors
ing the Chicago platform and declaring
In favor of Bryan, are as follows:
Resolved, That the war carried on by
President McKinley in the Philippines is
a grossly immoral ass;. on the Amer
ican principles of government, and a
cruel and brutal attempt to crush a weak
people, bravely contending for the exer
cise of the natural and God-given right of
self-government. ... /
solved, That we severely condemn
the action of President McKinley in rela
tion to the Philippines in conducting the
most cowardly and unjustifiable war car
ried on in the history of the Republic
against a people who are to all intents
and purposes fighting to secure the same
blessing of freedom that the American
revolutionists fought for in 1776 — and also
as a gross perversion of power given to
him: and we hereby call upon ail lovers
of liberty to do their utmost to preserve
the spirit of freedom that inspired our
fathers, and which is being threatened by
the un-American desire for foreign con
quest, and by the destruction of civil
power at home by a spread of militarism.
We are also opposed, to entangling al
liances with foreign kingdoms and em
pires.
TO SEEK RECOGNITION
FROM THE JAPANESE
MANILA. Sept. 4.— Rafael rlel Pan., a
ird. bom in the Philippines and re
cently Identified with the Philippine Junta
at Madrid, ha.? gone from Hongkong to
Japan. It is reported In Filipino circles
here that Del Pan's purpose is to requ«*»t
the Japanese ir. recognize tlu» Filipino in
surgents. It is asserted that I>el Pan w.aa
n - ntly working in the Philippine inter
est on the Chinese coast.
The Washington Volunteer Iv^plment
has b< , n embarked and will sail for homu
to-morrow.
boundary question, it will be possible
to pu?h matters in negotiation to a suo
cessful conclusion, especially as Great
Britain has taken the stand that the
boundary controversy must be adjust
ed before other matters can be settled.
TWO WINS FOR BROOKLYN.
Leaders Fatten Their Percentage by-
Beating New York.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. I*. fc»ot Clubs— W. L. Pot.
Brooklyn ...SO U .t*U Fittsbun? ...62 57 .611
Boston 73 44 .«« Chicago 60 61 .406
Philadelphia 75 46 .620 Louisville ...33 «5 .449
Baltimore ...G6 4S .679 New Y0rk... 51 «T .438
Cincinnati ..67 ."1 .568 Waahlng't n v 7C .3."> l
St. L0ut5. ...68 55 .5531 Cleveland ...IS 105 .153
BROOKLYN, Sept. This morning"* game
was won by Brooklyn in one of the most
exciting ninth-inning finishes on record. The
Brooklyns scored a run in the fourth. This
was the only tally until the eighth, when
New York got two. With two out in Brook
lyn's last turn, Anderson batted for Kennedy
and walked. Jones, Keeler, Jennings and
Kelly followed with pafe hits, winning the
game. Both pitchers were effective until the
ninth, when Gettlg weakened. Attendance,
£100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 2 7 0
Brooklyn _ 8 7 2
Batteries— Gettig and Wilson; Kennedy and
.M '.'lire. — Smalle and Dwyer.
The Brooklyns won this afternoon's game at
the Polo Ground* in pretty much the fame
way as they did in Brooklyn In the morning.
Seymour had one bad inning, the eighth, two
bases on balls, a hit batsman, two hits and
an error by Hardest? netting four runs. At
tendence, 7200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E. |
Brooklyn 5 6 6
New York 4 10 5
Batteries— Hughes and Farrell; Seymour and
Wilson. Umpires — Emslie and Dwyer.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 4.— The Reds won both
games from the Wanderers to-day by superior ■
playing. Attendance, 1600. Score, first game:
Clubs— H. H. E. i
Cincinnati 6 10 1 !
Cleveland 3 12 1
Batteries— Hawley and Peitz; Hughey and
McAllister. Umpires— Manassau and Connolly.
Score, second frame:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 9 3
Cleveland 14 6
Batteries — Taylor and Wood; Schmidt and
Duncan. Umpires — Manassau and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 4.— required ten
innings for the Phillies to defeat the Senators
this morning. McFarland pitched a pretty
game and would have won but for the errors
of Stafford and Barry. Attendance, 3600.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. a E.
Washington 2 9 4
Philadelphia 8 6 3
McFarland and Roach; Platt and
McFarland. — Swartwood and Hunt.
In the afternoon the Phillies pounded Wey
hing all over the lot and won a* they pleased.
Fraser was In the box for "the home team
and held the visitors tafe at all stages. . At
tendance, 8319. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Washington ~. 0 5 5
Philadelphia 17 18 2
Batteries— Weyhlng and Roach; Fraser and
McFarland. Umpires- Swartwood and Hunt.
BOSTON, Sept. 4.— Boston won to-day by j
heavy work on the bases. Willis was wild ]
and was hit hard, especially In the ninth, but ,
sharp fielding by the BoFtons kept their •]■
ponents' score down. Crisham was presented j
with a diamond ring. Attendance, 4700. Score: ;
Clubs— R. H. E. i
Boston ♦ 7 0;
Baltimore. 1 11 8
Batterieß-rWillis and' Bergen; Howell, Smith '
and Robinson. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr. .
CHICAGO. Bept. 4.— Pittsburg bunched hits j
off Griffith in three innings and "Chicago's In- I
ability to touch Tannehill gave IMttsburg the
first game. The Orphans went all to pieces
at the start of the second game, and although
they batted Chenbro freely, could do no bettei
than make the score a tie. Game called at ,
end of ninth Inning on account of darkness.
Attendance, 6700. .Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 2 8 1
Plttsburg 7 18 2
Batteries— Griffith and chance: Tannehill and
Schriver. Umpired— O' Day and McDonald.
Bcore, second game: '
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago * 12 6
Pittsburg 4 9 2
Batteries— Taylor and Chance; Donahue,
Chesbro and Bowerman. Umpires— McDonald
and O'Day.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 4— St. Louis and Louis
ville broke even on a double, header to-day.
The first game was a farce. St. Louis played
miserably in the field, and Cy Young's shoots I
were batted all over the lot. The second game
was a good one, and was replete with sensa
tional plays. Attendance, 11,700. Score, first
game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Bt Louis 2 7 5
Louisville 14 18 S
Batteries— Young, Mcßride and Schrecongost;
Phllippi and Zlmmer. Umpires— GaJlney and
Latham.
Score, second game:
Clubs- R. h. E.
St. Louis 2 6 3
Louisville 13 2
Game called in the eighth Inning on account
of darkness. ,
Batteries— Powell and Schrecongost: Woods
end Zimmer. Umpires— Latham and Gaffney. ]
LOCKOUT ENDED.
Members of the Building Trades Re
sume Work at Copenhagen.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. The lock
out of employes in the building trades,
which has been In force here for some i
months, has ' been ended, a satisfactory
agreement having been reached.
There were 85,000 persons Involved in the
troubles, but it is expected that all will
be working again by Thursday*
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
McKINLEY WELCOMED BY
MEN WHO WORE THE BLUE
President Arrives at Philadelphia to Attend the
National Encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic.
GRAND COURT OF HONOR FOR VETERANS.
Tills is one of the prettiest features of the decorations at Philadelphia. The court is formed of Corinthian
columns fifty feet high, with smaller ones intervening, all connected with garlands of evergreens, flowers, bunting and
electric lights.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 4.— With
the arrival from Cincinnati to
day of Acting Commander in
chief Johnson the Thirty-third
National Encampment of the !
Grand Army of the Republic was form
ally inaugurated. Colonel Jo-hnson
was accompanied by the posts of Cin
cinnati and several bands erf music. A
large reception committee, headtd by
! General Louis Wagner, chairman of
[ the local executive committee, met the
I commander at the railway station and
escorted him to his headquarters. Every
incoming train is bringing its quota of
veterans and visitors and the streets
are thronged. To the visitors and
Philadelphia alike, the Avenue erf Fame
is the point of greatest interest.
Early to-day the liver front was
thronged with visitors anxious to see
Admiral Sampson's fleet anchored in
the harbor.
Camp James A. Sexton, in Fairmount
Park, ■was formally opened at 6 a. m.
to-day with the firing of the national
salute and the unfurling of the Stars
and Stripes over the headquarters of
Colonel Maginnis, who is in charge of
the camp.
The parade of the National Associa
tion of Naval Veterans this afternoon
aroused the greatest enthusiasm. The
first division was composed of the
1 United States Naval Brigade, Captain
T. J. Jewell, brigade commander, in
cluding marines and seamen of the
United States ships New York, Indiana,
Texas, Brooklyn. Massachusetts, Nash
ville and Detroit, and the marines and
i seamen from the League Island Navy
: Yard.
In the second division were the ofn
j cers and men of the United States rev
enue cutter service.
The third division was composed of
carriages containing the officers of the
warships anchored in the Delaware
SEARCH FOR THE
DUNHAM SKELETON
Sheriff Langford Work
ing Systematically.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 4.— Sheriff Langford
and Deputy Sheriff Rives left this
morning for Pacheco Pass to search for
the skeleton found in the hills there by
Ralph Keeler of Visalla, while making
a bicycle trip to San Francisco. On his
return home Keeler stopped here and
Sheriff Lanpford and others accompan
ied him to Pacheco Pass.
Keeler lost his way when coming
from Visalia and it was while wander
ing through the hills that he came upon
the skeleton. He finally found the road
near the Mountain House. When he re
turned with the officers he was unable
to locate himself. Keeler said he was
sure he could find the skeleton if he
went back near Los Banos and then
into the hills. He had to return at
once to Visalia and promised to
come up again when Sheriff Lang
ford wanted him. When Keeler reached
home he wrote to Langford that he was
sure ho could find the place where the
skeleton was located, as he had found
where he left the road on his trip
home.
The Sheriff at once wired him to come
up and Keeler arrived at Los Banos
last night. This afternoon Langford
met him near the Mountain House,
about half way between Gilroy and
Los Banos. A systematic search has
| been commenced Cor the remains. The j
Sheriff and posse have made their head
■ quarters at the San Luis ranch, from
i which place they will conduct their op
erations.
Many people believe the skeleton te
Dunham's. When the Campbell mur
! derer left the hills at Smith Creek, it
\ was always supposed he went south in
I the direction of Pacheco Pass. Four
nights after the murder a man answer
ing Dunham's description slept in a
barn at the Mountain House, and fled
Into the hills when he saw a man ap
; proaching the barn.
Deputy Sheriff Gardiner took the trail j
iat that point and followed It to a |
1 spring, within a couple of miles of
where the skeleton was found. At the
spring, where the man had drunk, was
found a couple of sacks folded as if
they had Ueen worn on the feet. When
seen at Smiths *'reek Dunham had \
sacks wrapped around his feet.
It is thought the remains, if they be
| Dunham's, can be identified by the
clothing or by the filling in his teeth.
When seen at Smiths Creek Dunham
had a soft brown hat, dark cutaway j
coat and vest and pants; white shirt I
River. Rear Admiral Sampson and
Captain Chadwick. chief of staff, were
in the first carriage.
The fourth division was composed of
the National Association of Naval Vet
erans, United Slates of America, J. R.
Foss commanding; Captain William F.
Larselerie, chief of staff.
In the fifth division were the inde
pendent organizations of naval veter
ans.
President McKinley and his party ar
rived here at 9 o'clock to-night after
a four hours' run from Washington, i
The Presidential party was met at the
railroad station by Mayor Ash bridge, ;
General Louis Wagner, chairman of the j
executive committee, and a number of I
other city officials. The station was
thronged and a cordon of policemen
was necessary to keep the crowds back
as the distinguished visitors made their
way from the train to the carriages in
waiting.
President McKinley walked with un
covered head from the train shed to
the stand and was cheered to the echo.
He acknowledged the ovation with
many smHei and bows. The party was
driven to the Hotel Walton and the
President immediately retired to his
private sitting room. At 10 o'clock
members of the United German Sing
ing Society, accompanied by a band,
arrived at the hotel and serenaded the
President. They sang three German
selections and finished with the "Star-
Spangled Banner," in which the multi
tude joined. During the rendition of
the songs, President McKinloy sat on
the window ledge, and, at the conclu
sion of each, led the applause. There.
were loud cries for a speech, but the
President merely bowed and waved his
white Fedora hat.
>: ar Admiral Sampson, who occupies
the suite of rooms directly over those
of the President, enjoyed the Berenade
equally as well as Mr. McKinley. It
was some time before the throng in the
str< • t observed him, but when his pres
ence became known he was loudly
cheered.
and collar, and sacks were wrapped
about his feet.
GILROY, Sept. t -No npws has been
received from Sheriff Langfonl and party,
who are searching the Paeheeo Pasa
country for the bones supposed to be
those of Murderer James Dunham. The
Sheriff went by way of Los Banos, and
is prepared for several days' search. He
will go in on the old Hollißter road and
work northward. Deputy John Reeves
did not so through Gilroy, and W. H.
Stfiyton did not accompany them on this
trip. ________»__——
NO ANXIETY OVER
THE MONONGAHELA
Overdue Training-Ship Not Believed
to Have Encountered Any
Mishap.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 4.— The Navy De
partment has not the slightest apprehen
sion as to the safety of the training ship
Monongahela, which is said to be overdue
at Annapolis. The Monongahela sailed
from Annapolis on the Ist of May on a
practice cruise across the Atlantic and
back, carrying about US) cadets from the
naval academy. She was bound for
Plymouth. England, where she arrived
July i. having taken two months in the
passage. She sailed on the homeward
trip July 8 and reported from Funchal,
Madeira, July 24. On July 27 she sailed di
rect for Annapolis, so up to this morning
she has been out thirty-eight days.
Officers of the Navigation Bureau say
this is by no means a long time to spend
in the voyage of 2SOO miles. The Naviga
tion Kureau officials argue that the Mo
nongahela must have been a thousand
miles east of the Indian hurricane which
recently prevailed.
SINKING OF A YACHT
COSTS SEVEN LIVES
Mast Is Lifted Out of Place by a
Squall and Punctures the Bot
tom of the Craft.
TTAT.IFAX, N. S., Sept. *.— A sailboat
was sunk to-night near the mouth of
Halifax harbor and seven lives were lost,
the victims all belonging to this city.
There were eleven persons in the boat
JU'l four were saved. The mast was lift
to out of ttß stepping by a squall of wind
and when it fell back into its pocket
punched a hole in the bottom of the boat,
causing her to sink in a few minutes.
Those drowned are:
ROBERT DAVIDSON, plumber, wife
and thief unmarried sisters.
W. HAMILTON, employed in the City
Clerk'n ofiice.
JOHN E. HANCOCK, clerk.
Of the four persons saved. Mr. Poole,
who is an officer on H. M. S. Talbot, now
in port, kept two women afloat and near
ly lost his own life.
Trouble in Company I.
PASADKNA. Sept. 4.— Company I, Sev-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Frleder
lch der Grosse, from Bremen and Southampton.
DIED.
CARROLL— In this city. September *, 1599,
Mary, beloved wife of Patrick Carroll, a na-
tive of Balayron, Queens County, Ireland,
aged 66 years.
The President retired at about 11
o'clock. To-morrow morning at 8:45
o'clock he will receive Admiral Samp
son and the captains of the fleet. Later
hp will ride over the route of the Grand
Army parade to the reviewing stand on
the City Hall plaza. After the uarade
h>- will be entertained at luncheon in
the City Hall.
The campaign for Commander in
chief is waxing warm. It is one of the
fiercest contests the Grand Army of.
the Republic has been engaged in for a
| long time. To-night there are three
; candidates in the field — Acting Com
] mander in Chief W. C. Johnson of Cin
cinnati, Comrade Rassieur of St. Louis
and Colonel Albert D. Shaw of Water
town, N. T. A careful canvass among
the different departments indicates that
Colonel Shaw to-night has a little the
better of the contest. That gentleman,
in an interview to-night, said lie was
absolutely sur^ of victory, and said that
the fight was all over. Neither Colonel
Johnson nor Comrade Rassier would
speak directly about the contest, but
their lieutenants express the greatest
confidence Concerning the outcome of
the struggle. Each of the candidates
has a headquarters in full operation
and is distributing badges and hang
ing out banners.
While the delegations from Ohio. Mis
souri and Now York are battling for
supremacy, the delegation from Illinois
is putting up a great fight for the priv
ilege of entertaining the Grand Army at
Chicago next year. Every department
of Illinois now in the city is decorated
with a large yellow ribbon on which
is inserihfd in big black letters. "Chi
cago, WOO."
" The leaders of the Chicago boom say
they will win hands down. At present
they have no opponent of any conse
quence. It was reported that Denver,
Pan Francisco, St. Louis and one or two
other cities were in the field, but if
those cities are, they are "lying low,"
as there is no evidence on the surface
that they are in the field.
enth Regiment, National Guard of Cali
fornia, mot to-night to dishonorably dis
charge several members who have per
sistently blackballed applicants for mem
bership^ Instead it was decided to lay the
i matter before Colonel John R. Berry.
f*j We are the only firm in San Francisco sell-ing these
|jj We told our Eastern representative that we wanted
I to be the exclusive sellers of some high-grade well-
f\' He recommended and we accepted the Hawes hats, as
yS they are made in a first-class manner from the best of
(2 felt, in the very latest shapes, and the price is constant —
H it is no more or no less than it ought to be — it's
$ 3.00. I
g£ The price is the same all over America. Every hat is
y guaranteed — if it does not wear as you think it should, £**
yi bring it back — we will return your money or give you a
II Hats are soft and stiff, in all the popular colors.
'fa Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
THOUSANDS VISIT
THE STATE FAIR
Opening Night a Brilliant
Success.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— A great
crowd attended the opening of the
pavilion to-night, which Is In marked
contrast to the attendance on the open
ing night of a year ago. Over $1500 was.
taken in at the gates, against a much
lower amount in 189 S. Everything was
in readiness and all the exhibits were
in place, a circumstance unusual on
former occasions. It is predicted on all
sides that the pavilion end of the fair
will be a grand success, which is due
in a large measure to the enterprise
of the citizens of Sacramento. The
work of the Citizens' State Fair Com
mittee is apparent in all the features
connected with the annual State show,
special attractions having been pro
vided at their expense. The great ex
hibition hall was brilliantly illuminated
with thousands of incandescent lamps,
lighting up the entire interior of the
structure and the booths with pleasins
effect. The decorations were extremely
beautiful.
The fair was opened by an address
by the Governor In the pavilion, lie
was introduced to the first-nighters by
ex-Senator Frederick Cox, vice presi
dent of the State Agricultural Society,
in the absence of President Spreckels.
In his preliminary speech Senator Cox
said that the exhibits at the race track
and ihe pavilion could not be surpassed
by any other State in the Union. On
behalf of the society he thanked the
citizens of Sacramento for their work,
which will result in the complete suc
cess of the fair from every standpoint.
In his brief speech the Governor eu
logized the nation, the administration
and the State of California. The dis
play of Sacramento County, under the
control of the Grangers of the county,
was one of the finest ever placed in
the pavilion, consisting of an enormous
tomato vine equaling in size a young
tree. It is thirteen feet high and loaded
with fruit, some of which measured
five inches in diameter. Glass Jars
containing the finest specimens of fruit
and vegetables occupy prominent posi
tions in the exhibit. The wives and
daughters of the directors of the so
ciety will hold a reception to-morrow
night and visiting friends will be
served with refreshments.
On the evenings of the days set apart
for the various organizations the wives
of the members thereof will receive
their friends. The Odd Fellows will at
tend in large delegations on Thursday;
the Commercial Travelers on Friday,
and the Native Sons on Saturday.
These organizations and others which
have days set apart for them in the
second week of the fair have made
elaborate arrangements for their visits
to the pavilion.
The State Fair of 1899 will be an un
qualified success. Such is the opinion
of the most conservative of people now
in this city. .«;«_«.
There were sixty entries in the baby
show. The boys were designated by
blue ribbons and the girls by pink rib
bons. The following were the judges:
Miss L. Durgin, Oakland; Mrs. T. B.
Littlefield, Mrs. H. S. Farley, J. F.
Olsen and L. Wilcox, Sacramento.
Herman Fisher, Harry Blair and C.
L. Laidlaw acted as clerks to the judges
of the show.
Those of the audience who saw
babies' numbers without knowing their
names will understand the following
numbered designations in the awards
which were: No. 32, prettiest baby;
No 13, prettiest boy; No. 9,
second prettiest boy, Vernon Buell;
No 14, third prettiest girl, Char
lotte Forsman; No. 10, third prettiest
boy Louis Danbeck; No. 27. tallest boy.
Lewis Pierce; No. 13, cutest sirl. Grace
Dixon; No. 29, youngest boy gillie
Kenbrick; No. 23. fattest girl. Ethel
Burton; No. 17, prettiest twins the
Crowell babies; prettiest colored baby.
Leola Morris.
POLICE STOP A DUEL.
Cuban Editors Are Placed Under
Arrest.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 4.-The
duel between the editors of the Porvenlr
and Cubano Libre, which was to have
taken place yesterday morning, did not
transpire, both parties having been ar-
journalists wore liber
ated after a short detention. General
Wood commander of the district of. San
tiagoi lrft to-day for Puerto Principe on
hoard the steamer Mortera.
MISCELLANEOUS.
DEAFNESS '
EAR DISEASES.
Frightful Afflictions Which Result From
Neglect— All Affections of the Ear
Successfully Treated by Dr. Aborn,
554 Sutter Street, Who Has Had
Over Thirty Years' Experience as
an Eye, Ear, Head, Throat and
Lung Specialist.
•
Deafness la one of the most distressing
afflictions to which man is subject. The
loss of every other faculty except per-
haps that of sight may be endured with,
equanimity, but the loss of hearing is a
calamity for which there is no adequate
recompense.
The necessity for immediate treatment
of affections of the auditory tube, such
as inflammation, abscesses, ulceration,
feted discharges, polypus tumors, noises
and roarings, which result in deafness
when neglected, is perfectly apparent. To
neglect these symptoms is to invite
inevitable disaster.
These afflictions which lead to deafness
are primarily caused by the catarrhal af-
fections of the head and throat or the
breaking down of the nervous system and
when discovered should be immediately
looked after. They receive special at-
tention from Dr. A.born, 554 Sutter street,
who has. spent over thirty years in their
study and treatment. As a specialist in
the treatment of diseases of the, head,
eye, ear, nose, throat, lungs, digestive
organs and nervous system, he stands
unrivaled on the Pacific Coast.
Dr. Aborn's office and residence 554 Suf-
fer street. He may be consulted daily
from 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and evenings 7 to 8.
Rev. John Reid Jr.. of j^frf o^^.
Great Falls, Mont., rec- /&iM£>7\
ommended Ely's Cream f H^lgWgi^
Balm to me. I can em- l^M* 0 0 ?;"]
phastae his statement. A AY . fr/E^Av ££ D i
"It Is a positive cure %£ *]Mg/
for catarrh if used as W" <?,?/
directed."— Rev. F. W. W<^\t-f
Poole, pastor Cenfl Jr^f^A
Pres. Church, Helena, jf^jjffirtjy
Mont. &mfmmmmm
Cream Balm Is placed Into the nostrils,
•Dreads over the membrane and Is absorbed.
Relief is immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying — does not produce sneezing. Larg«
Bize, 50e : at Druggists or by mall; Trial Size,
ir.LT BROTHERS. 56 Warren Street. New Tort
ivisr? DR- JORDAN'S great, '
2 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY!
9 ■' Cd 10£lMAEKTST.bet.6±*7th,S.F.Cil. , i
T Hf The Anatomical Museum in the
m 3h__ World. Weaknessej cr any contracted i
W <fedraß| disease pe»i«l»ely cure* by the oldest '
©IS Si tralheCo » - Est. 36 years. (
SQ&tffl OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
F4!TOM Consultation free and strictly private. \
I X.J'St S T " i;ment petionally or by letter. Aff
JO iff jy Pos.V.rc Cure in every case undertaken. W
mil lift Write for Book.PHll.asOPUlf.f A
■If II V 9ARBUGE, MAILED FREE. (Af
\ \l tl' valuable book for men) \
9 OK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. B. F. r
OCEAN TBAVEL. . f
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S&. . Steamers leave Broadway
•'h^Vbii^. ■wharf, San Francisco.
I SSVS£?*>JV For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
H<?*jh^ ' September 3. 8. 13. 16. 23, 28.
lIX MC^ff* October 3. chance at Seattle.
I 14«^«1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
lii«e^sj«CSl C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
!f*^^Ss^MM Tacorna. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m. September 3. 8. 13, 18,
23. 2S r October 3. and every fifth day thereafter;
chnn«re at Seattle to this company s steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry ■ at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •_
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 1. 6. 11, M, 21. 26. October 1, and every
fifth day th»rea: ?r. Monterey Pan Simeon.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey Pan Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford 'San Luis Obispo).
Oaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San P-idro <Los Angeles! and
Newport 9 a. m., September 1. 5. 9, 13. 17. .1,
25. 29, October 3, and every fourth day tnere-
a For San Diegro, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anpeles and Redondo (Los Anseles), 11 a.
m. September 3. 7. 11. 15, 19. 23. 27. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Ma^dalenn Bay, San Jose a»l
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymaa (Hex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
nvnih , .
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cnanga
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an.i hours of palling.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKKKTXP & CO.. Gen. Apt-.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE B. R. & H. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3 O T3. T I :, J± !<T T)
From SDear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE f '2 Flr«t Clan* Including Bert*
rAHL $8 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 15, 25; Oct. 5, 15, 2o
COLUMBIA satis. .Sept. 10. 20, 30; Oct. 10, 20. 30
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.- PARIS.
Ftoppinsr .it Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 6! St Paul Sept. 37
New York Sent. 13 New York Oct. 4
St. Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. IX
RED STAR LINE.
■ ' • New York and Anrwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12. noon.
Southwark ....Sept. 6! Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 13! Frlesland Oct. 4
Kensington ....Sept. 20 South Oct. 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
. . passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery ft., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day.
of railine. ' „
NIPPON MART* Tuesday, September 12
AMERICA MARU Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MART' Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
£%£ B2 P\ P'^JfPI Alameda sails
KJ_i>PVil fc Auckland for Sydney
Mt^> B&J Wednesday, Septem-
©■■■Hill ber 6 - Alameda sails
vla Honn!ulu and
\wWtt*nwm Auckland for Sydney
W™ WedntKday. Septem-
Jt /!•% ber 6. at 10 p. m.
*®:i** l W t Nf!!>arTr\hin<J The s - S - Australia
'%*sr&W cDIujIMJIIiL''- Falls for Honolulu
«f«£ggr /Pmß?l?/J- Wednesoay, Septem-
(CIIIICJGItfcP her 20. at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand, Australia. India. Sues,
England, etc.; $61') first class.
i ID 1 SPBcCKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 MontßOmerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflce.327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERATE TRAN3ATLANTIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <3Utr]s
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -^Wife
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9; LA
GASCOGNE, Sept. 16; LA BRETAGNE. Sept.
23- LA TOURAINE. Sept. 30: LA NORMAN-
DIE Oct. 7. First-class to Havre, $65 and up-,
ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $4S. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FIT-
GA7.I & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont- I
gomery avt-.. San Fr:i:.'-i~.-,,. 2
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. ,.
~~FOFu7T. NAVY-YARD aSFvALLEJ&~
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9«
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (.ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m 8 ''■
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. *A
FARE ........E0# ;>
m !SIX MEN TRAPPED
IN A BURNING FOREST
"he Fire Was Blaziog ground Their Place
of Refuge Wher; the Wind Sud
denly Shifted.
PASADENA, Sept. 4.— Forest Super
■ W. A. Border, who returned this
■noon from fighting the terrific for
<- st fire in the Sierra Madre Mountains,
tella an exciting story of the narrow
ipe of seven men last Wednesday
noon. They lay d.>wn to die, but
■ ranee came at the lust momnt
and <nly their coats and the tools with
which they fought the lire were burned.
Six young Ontario men under Ranger
Norman Allen began fighting the fire
in .Si ; ii Antonio Canyon suine few miles
north of Ontario. They made a fire
astward and stopped the fire, as
they thought. Then they left several
men 1 below while they cut
-s mi foot toward Oucamunga,
whither the main body of the fire, on.>
mile wide or more, was raging. It was
a hot day ajid the men carried their
coats in their hands. Cucamonga Can
yon whs three miles away. All about
was deep brush. The flames could be
l above on the slope of the San
Antonio.
As tho little party neared Cucamonga
Canyon a heavy wind began blowing.
Very quickly the smoke settled to the
ground, coming from above in great
waves. Hot and stifling tongues of
flame shot out now and then. The fire
DENIES THAT HE
HAS BEEN OUSTED
Chambers on Affairs in
Samoa.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
■WASHINGTON. Sept. 4.— Chief Justice
>f Samoa is here to confer
•with officials and submit his report to the
; iwers represented in Samoa.
g a discussion of the pend
ing diplomatic questions, Judge Cham
l ers, when seen to-day, spoke in ttn inter
g manner on some of the general
conditions in Samoa and also clear d
nsion a* to his own status
-f . ::..- N twithstandlng r<
-.1" his resignation, Judge Chambers says
I.• ha signed, but, on the con
. still holds the position of Chief
Jiistlci of Samoa. In this position, mum
- . ed by the State 1 >e
h is acting on the theory
: lion of the of
:£h temporarily absent.
pointed out that it has been
: he came to Washington
3tate Department, where
: Chief Justice by nil
the TnitM States,
■ Britain — and his re
made in triplicate to each of
]t is this, he is Inclined to think,
ime exception being taien
signatory powers, a.s some
s which he found neoes
ss as to the course of an
rnment were to
a |] ,is to the United .Suites. In
.■• it Britain and Germany
at all tim^s informed of every
. <mben= has reported
j, in fume instances
ess of intercourse having led
■
:n Samoa between
Q neral Rose, Judge
will not .-iit-ak for the pres
- they will be quite
ered in his report to the three
report will be sent dl
• y and Prince Hohen-
Secretary Hay.
American interests in Sa
ers said:
"We have a magnificent harbor at
Pago and from the magnitude of
which th<; Government is
g, it may be inferred we intend to
■ ■ The seci ware
in the world is under construction
f something like (400,000."
iys the Bamoan peo
: tractable If dealt
In a straightforward manner. !!■■
•. >rk done by the Sa
- ilon and believes its plan
for governing the island wii prove ad
bers will be here for some
ting to meet Judge Tripp. the
■r1 •• r to Samoa,
■ '• r with the State Department
ils. He will have a talk with the
' nt on the return of the latter from
hia.
CHANGES AT STANFORD.
Harold Muckleston of Trinity College
Appointed Instructor in Latin
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 4.—
of a new instructor, Harold
of Trinity College, Canada.
• a announced in the I^atin de
■ Husband will take
■ ■ fessor Howard, who g.jes
liana University as assistant pro
• In Latin Another seminary will
I 1 the Latin department for the
• of the first-year graduates. Pro-
Farmer of the. electrical enpineer
partment, hr-mg unable to return
this year, the faculty is looking for some
1 dll the vacancy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Hsppg Mother
Frolicking with her baby makes one of
the prettiest spectacles ever seen in the
home. But nothing is sadder to see than
the unhappy mother, weak and nervous,
striving in vain to hush the cries of her
weak and nervous babe. There can be
MM no happiness for
either mother or
*j^£%ffi^s&SJßs child without
4^Cva -n. M|y§i health. Doctor
■$£t**£3 "V" £op4«%i Pierces Favorite
yss^&f&HS&s « has
"st^ Y2& r*K*P d° ne wonders" for
&sO^xfr^jM^i ma °y a woman,
*is£j \2&( i W& b >' restorill S her
p&tftf f l\ VJS2 health and open-
Wf i&S&k %M in 2 for her the way
J^^£Kp*S£k raS to happy mother-
ffi?HslsaSSlnS hood - This really
SS^feig^ryCgl wonderful medi-
cine is not a cuie "
4^f«^^Ks^n*fc all. It is a prepara-
tion specially de-
'(^^i%&3sffis '"p signed to cure dis-
eases peculiar to
v*fe%?&^^^ women. It dries
•ZA&ttTZwtfM'&i debilitating drains,
SKJ&C t^kl heals inflammation
$&W&^*W&fM andulceration,
$Jssn??}ffiW^® cures female weak-
ffi£?'yS!ffifs'r*s£s ness, and removes
«*>£?• f^*S£^fes£<^ the causes which
%50&£$$ffiZic^ generally make
xffi/A.&3fs&'sssi women nervous
Sq^SxPs^iMSßw an(l slee p less -
jlp^^fSSwXrScHs There is no alco-
Bg^®ssSo2|>^o hoi in "Favorite
fcy;^ff£gk3sg3 Prescription" and
it contains no opium, cocaine or other
narcotic.
Mrs. James W. Blacker, of 629 Cather-
ine Street. Syracuse, N. V.. writes : ' \onr
medicines have done wonders for rue. For
years my health was very poor; I had four
1 miscarriages, but *mcc taking Dr. Pierce a I-a-
vorite J'reKcrir-tiou and ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery,' I have much better health, and now I
have a fine healthy baby."
Use Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets with
"Favorite Prescription" if the bowels
are inactive or irregular.
was traveling down the mountain
toward the men faster than a horse can
trot. At first the men started down the
mountain, but the flames rushed
toward them and the smoke nearly
overcame them. They were confused
and did not know In which direction to
go. As the smoke became denser they
knew that they must lie down with
their faces close to the ground or be
stifled. There was a bare chance of the
fire burning over them without killing
them. They lay down to die, having
but little hope of escape in that awful
furnace.
Then suddenly the wind changed and
Allen looked up and saw a green spot
nearby through the lifting smoke.
"Come on b >ys, we're Isaved." he said,
and all rushed to the green spot, which
was a small creek of the Cuoamonga.
In this place the fire made but little
headway. The men had time while the
fire slackened a bit to make their way
to a rocky place, devoid of brush,
where they fell exhausted.
Their knees and shins were badly
bruised and skinned. Their coats, vests,
picks and shovels were lost. In spite
of this encounter Supervisor Border
says the men did not desert, but are
still fighting the fire. The Supervisor
will commend them highly to the Gov
ernment In his report.
OFFICIALS AT
NAPA SILENT
Will Not Explain the
Henneman Case.
Sp*claJ Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Sept. 4.— The authorities of the
Napa Insane Asylum are either unable or
disinclined to explain the disagreeable
revelation made in the case of Mrs. Mary
Henneman, the unfortunate woman who
was found wandering aimlessly laFt Fri
day night and arrested In Oakland. The
woman is in a delica.te condition and at
tributed her misfurtune to some one con
■i in an official capacity with the
asylum. The asylum authorities Boout
the woman's charge as preposterous but
in doing co they admit that disgracefully
negligent conditions attend th* admission
of women to the asylum.
Dr. Dosier, who has charge of the fe
male ward of the insane asylum here,
says he knows nothing of the particulars
of the case of Mrs. 1-lennc-man. He can
throw no light that will prove the truth
or falsity of her accusation. It appeals
that the asylum authorities take no ade
quate precautions to learn the physical
dltion of women admitted ns patients.
The officers thus lay themselves open to
serious consequences, such as the pres
ent affair. The authorities of the asylum
also show very little care in ascertaining
the character of persons to whom dis
charged patients are given over upon
their release.
The present case is an example. On
May 13, is:*, Mrs. Mary Henneman was
received into the Nupn Insane Asylum
upon an order made by Judge Carroll
Cook of San Francisco. Tl>. complaint
was filed by the woman's husband who
Jeclared that th~ woman "began to show
signs of mental aberration about two
rears ago at the time when her younger
:hild was born; that she is dangerously
.iolent at times, threatening life mA
complaining that her husband • had sold
he furniture of their home; that on sev
eral occasions she put on her husband's
clothes and wandered about the streets. "
A few weeks later her husband took an
ntirely different view of the situation
md of the condition of his wife. At his
nstance Mrs. Henneman was discharged
on June 11, 1899. The husband said he
wished to send his wife to her relatives
In the east. That the husband did not
keep his promise was demonstrated by
the arrest of his unfortunate wife in Oak
land.
MURDERFR THREATENED
BY A NEW YORK MOB
Attempt to Wrest the Slayer of Po
liceman O'Keefe From a Guard
of Police.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— Michael Farrelli, '
the Italian saloon-keeper, who shot Po
liceman Patrick O'Keefe yesterday when
the latter wag about to arrest liim for j
violating the excise Law, made an attempt ]
ipe from the two detectives by try- ;
ing to jump from an elevated train plat- i
form. He was held, screaming and curs
ing. In front of th*> Courthouse a crowd
of about ](*»'» persons had gathered and
when the prisoner appeared there were
cries of -'Kill him!" "Lynch him:" from 1
all sides. A rush was made fir Karrell!
and It required the strenuous efforts of !
a dozen court officials to clear a passage
for the Italian to the courtroom.
Farrelli. when arraigned, denieo the
charge against him and said that O'Keefe
had beer, shot by Gulseppi Ferriolie, He
was remanded in order to allow the of
ficer? to make an investigation. Mrs.
Farrolli also was remanded for examlna- i
tion.
It was said In court that Farrelli was at
one '.Ime a resident of New Orleans and ;
was a member of the Mafia. Hlb saloon !
in Now Orleans, Jt was said, was the '
headquarters of the gang and it was there j
that the plot to assassinate Chief of Po
lice Hennessey was hatched.
SIR ROBERT REID'S
ARGUMENT ENDED
Junior Counse^ Askwith Takes Up
England's Case in the Ven
ezuelan Dispute.
PARIS, Sept. 4.-fllr Robert Threnie
Reid, Q. C, formerly Attorney General of
Great Britain, to-day concluded his ar
gument before the Anglo-Venezuelan
Boundary Commission, presenting the
ens.? for England. Counsel said that Eng
land and Venezuela before the tribunal
held absolutely the same footing, the
question being one of comparative title.
George Askwith, junior counsel, contin
ual Ihe argument of Plngland's case. He
expressed regret that his adversaries had
noi yet given the legal view of the pres
ent controversy. Mr. Askwith referred to
Spain laying claim to the whole of Amer
ica, calling the presentation of Venezu
. la 1 , case whimsical. Mr. Askwith said
that no European nation admitted this
Spanish claim ami that the Dutch when
they obtained tfreir independence upheld
their light of sealing in the West Indies
and carried it into effect
CHINESE WOMAN
KILLED AT FRESNO
Struck by a Bullet Fired Through a
Double Partition.
FREBNO, Kept. 4.— Shortly before U
o'clock to-night a Chinese woman was
shot and killed in Chinatown. She was sit
ting in a shed and was shot from the out
side through two partitions. Nothing was
of tlie murderer, who La supposed
• a highbinder.
This is the first outbreak since the
highbinder war of last winter, but it is
expected to precipitate another war
among the tongs.
APPEAL FOR AID.
Porto Rican Relief Committee Issues
a Call to Americans.
NF.W YORK, Sept. 4.— The Central Por
to Rican relief committee has Issued an
other appeal to the people of the United
States on behalf of the sufferers from the
hurricane. The appeal declares that |1,
--5U0.000 will be required to procure for the
destitute the bare necessaries of life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
GERMANY'S BIG DEALS IN
FRENCH ARMY SECRETS
American Consul Alleged to Have Acted as
the Go-Between in the Purchase of
Information,
ATLANTA, Oa., Sept. 4.— The gen
tleman who claimed to know how
the French War Office secrets
reached Germany and the names
of those instrumental in their
transfer from France was seen to-day
by the Atlanta representative of the
Associated Press. All the matter given
in the Jewish sentiment story sent out
in these dispatches Thursday night was
gone over and substantiated as far as
possible, and much information tend
ing to amplify and elucidate state
ments made there was obtained. The
additional and highly interesting infor
mation was • elicited that the letter
heads, envelopes and consular seals of
the United States Government were
used as a safeguard In transmitting the
French War Office documents from that
country to Germany, and also that one
of the chief actors in the "under
ground" system at the time the traffic
in French War Office merchandise was
going on held the position of United
States Vice Consul in a little German
city.
The informant gives his name as
Charles E. Benthelm, and his discharge
papers, which are regular and duly
signed, show that he was a private in
Company M, Two Hundred and Second
New York Volunteers, during the war
with Spain. He was, he says, not at
camp drill over ten minutes, but .was
put into the commissary department
and later transferred to the head
quarters division, where he became
brigade clerk. He accompanied the
Two Hundred and Second New York
to Cuba, and In addition to duty as
brigade clerk was called upon to per
form the duties of stenographer at the
court-martials held from time to time
at Pinar del Rio, where the New York
regiment was stationed. The paper
to the adjutant general's office in
Washington recommending his dis
charge is signed by William E. Horton,
assistant adjutant general, and came
from General William C.- Gates, bri
gade commander. The stamps of dif
ferent railway companies from which
he obtained half-rate transportation on
his discharge papers are plain. Ben
theim is an artist and this is the avoca
tion given in his discharge papers.
Since he left the service of the United
States he has been traveling over the
South and is at present on his way
from Montgomery to Washington,
where he says he will visit the sculptor
Trentanove. Bentheim. says he has no
interest In the matter and wished no
notoriety. His name was given only
at the last minute and under pressure.
His story was not told with that even
ness denoting rehearsal, and his" con
versation shows that he is fully ac
quainted with the cities of Germany
and the French capital. He says that
although he has known these things
for a long time, he has never made pub
lic the information of which he is pos
sessed. This Is the story:
I was born in Denver, Colo., and am 86
years of age. When quite young 1 was
sent to Paris to be educated. I went to
several countries on the Continent, pur
suing my studies, and finally to Germany
Here I "was employed about four years,
each day as a translator of documents
and map engraver by the Government,
and was in the headquarters of the gen
eral staff at Konipgratzerstrasse, Berlin.
During my service there I several times
translated papers bearing Information
concerning French fortifications, arsenals,
warships and land plans, and know all
those concerned in the purchase of this
information. The obtaining of intelligence
regarding the French army and navy was :
operated by the secret service department
of the Imperial Ministry of Marine. This
bureau was at one time under the control
of Prince Bismarck and Herr yon Moltke.
The Germans in Paris were always on
the alert for information. When a docu
ment was obtained from the office of the
Minister of Marine or the War Depart
ment in Paris It was taken to Prince
Helnrach Hans Pless. the German repre
sentative in Paris. Through him it went
to the house of one of his sweethearts,
where a copy was made. • A few hours
later the original paper was returned to
the office whence it came.
The next move was to get these papers
to Berlin. Herr Franz, a toy manufac
turer at Sonneburg Germany, aided in
this. He would send dolls to Paris to be
dressed. In the body of these little play
things these copies of drawings and de
scriptions were securely sewed and started
on their journey to the Fatherland. From
Paris they were sent by post to Holmrook.
a village in England. Here another agent
was located, He was Herr L.indau, at
that time a partner in some mining opera
tions being carried on there. Lindau per
formed his duty by remailing the doll
messengers to Herr Franz at Sonneburg,
and once there they were safe. From
Sonneburg they were brought to the great
headquarters by Herr Franz. Once, I rec
ollect, a document of this nature was
brought In by the Burgomaster of Lelpslc.
whose name 1 cannot recall. Herr Alvin
Florschuetz, a bank director of Sonne
burg, was also in the scheme.
About this time, by th«j way, Herr
Florschuetz was recommended by the
German Government as Consul for this
country at Sonneburg. He was accepted,
and. later on. being allowed for clerk
hire", put his wife, Lina, In that position,
giving her name on the reports as L.
Florschuetz. All the time that the traffic
in "War Office merchandise," as it was
known, was going on Herr Florschuetz
was Vice Consul of the United States.
"Was the doll plan the only one
adopted as a means of communication
between the two countries?" was asked.
Bentheim replied:
Oh, no. Several times I received docu
ments, of this kind in the regular United
States Consular envelopes. i remember
it distinctly. It was a large white en
velope with the usual "Official business
only and something about a penalty on
it and sealed on the back with a white
paper seal about the size of a half'dol
lar and had a serrated border on It. The
eagle was the center figure and above it
In a semicircle were the words "United
States Consulate." On the other half of
the circle and below the ea;jle was the
single word "Sonneburg." There was of
course considerable correspondence going
on between those few people regarding
the War Office traffic, and tins was
always done on the letterheads bearing
the one line inscription "United States
Consulate, Sonneburg." Nearly all the
descriptions of war vessels, new inven
tions, armor plate, underground mines,
fortifications, etc., were on letterheads
bearing the inscription "Ministre- de la
Marine. Paris," or "Ministre de la
Guerre, Paris."
Whenever Frigate Captain Sigl, who
was in charge of this work at Berlin,
went out on a scouting trip by himself
he carried a supply of United States sta
tionery, and I have seen Information of
this kind from the French War Office
come into the staff headquarters in an
envelope bearing the consular seal of the
United States Government. This, you will
know, was a safeguard, as nobody would
open a letter With this seal on it. Flor-
Echuetz, however, did more traveling
from Germany into France than either
Sigl or Franz, and he always had some
of this paper in his satchel: • He would
not go into France direct, as that would
bring upon him too close scrutiny at the
frontier. He would go first to Bremen
and from there to Southampton. Here
he would board a steamer, either from
Cherbourg or Toulon, and land without
any trouble.
I will tell you how Florschuetz grot the
plans of the new submarine boat, Goubet,
while it was being. built at Toulon. This
Florschuetz told me himself at a theater
in Berlin a week or two after he returned
from the expedition, He landed at Tou-.
I lon and went to a hotel. Here he sent
a note to Mrne. Janssen, tolling her what
he wanted. lie then proceeded to Monte
Carlo for a day or two at the tables. It
I was arranged, of course, that if there
i was any trouble over the work word
; would be sent him. Mine. Janssen is the
; wife of a naval officer and had the
entree to the arsenal at Toulon. She se
cured all the information desired and it
was handed to Heir Florschuetz on his
return to Toulon in less than one week.
Information regarding the construction
of the war vessel Gymnote, at that time
building at Cherbourg, was obtained in
the same manner.
I will cite another case to show how
easily anything that Germany wanted
could be obtained. A sergeant in the
naval arsenal at Toulon, Thomas by
name, at the request of one of the five
or six women skirmishing around there
at the time, purloined a drawing which
gave clearly the inside of the fortress
with the location of the submarine mines
In the harbor. This information, I know,
went to Esterhazy, but it took a half
dozen women to get it to him. This
drawing was copied at tb© home of one
of Prince Pleas' sweethearts in Paris and
the original drawing returned two days
later to Toulon. Thomas was found out
in this matter, however, and is now in
prison. The espionage system was such
that Germany was advised of the meet
ing of all boards connected with any
arsenal or fortification.
For instance, if a new gun were to be
tried, a German agent would be loitering
near the testing place ,and I remember
that on one occasion when an experiment
of this kind was concluded a rough
sketch of the result was handed the Ger
man agent before the officers left the
grounds. This was sent posthaste to
Germany. Often a report on the test of
a new invention would be in the hands
of the German Government before it
reached the Ministry of War in Paris.
This caused many laughs in the office at
staff headquarters.
During all this time I never heard of
Captain Dreyfus and did not know there
was such a* person until I heard of his
arrest.
Mr. Bentheim was asked who handled
the money for the maintenance of this
information bureau. His reply was:
Captain Sigl handled all money for this
merchandise, as they termed it, to Herr
Florschuetz. Emperor William did not,
of course, have any direct dealings with
those who did the work, but knew where
the men were sent. The money, as. 1 have
said, was paid from the secret service
fund of the Ministry of Marine, and I
can recollect now that $16,000, or Its equiv
alent in German money, passed into the
hands of Florschuetz and Frana, and
some money was paid them personally in
the War Office in Berlin. This money
wont into the hands Of the "workers"
through a postoffloe in . the American
quarter of Paris. Every six months re
mittances are made anonymously to the
Baroness de Delden through the Credit
Lyonnaise in Paris. The bank is entirely
Innocent of the purpose for which the
money is used, and the record will cor
roborate this statement. Baroness de
Delden was the sweetheart of Prince
Henry Pless, but later transferred her af
fections to Esterhazy. She is the "veiled
lady" of the Rennes court-martial.
Mr. Bentheim was, questioned as to
his reason for leaving Germany and
his reply was to the effect that a quar
rel with the Emperor over another mat
ter caused it. He was arrested and
place in the fortress at Potsdam; He
continued:
At that time I did not have my pass
ports on my person, but sent word to Mr.
Chapman Coleman, then secretary of the
Embassy at Berlin, who came quickly to
my assistance, and it being proved that
I was an American citizen, I was released
and soon after left the country. Mr. Cole
man will confirm what I have said.
Mr. Bentheim said he arrived in New
York from Berlin late in April, 1898.
There was plenty of war talk then and
he enlisted on August 5 of that year in
the Two Hundred and Second New
York Regiment. Continuing he said:
While at Camp Meade I was transferred
to the Quartermaster's Department and
later made brigade clerk. I was dis
charged at Washington Barracks January
27 of this year and received my money
the day following. I was the only man
of the Two Hundred and Second New
York discharged at Washington. At this
time the regiment was in Cuba, Brigadier
General Oates, in whose headquarters I
was clerk, recommended my muster out
at my request, and Adjutant General
Horton, who is now in the Commissary
Department of the War Office in Wash
ington, signed in Cuba the pass which
secured for me my honorable discharge.
The papers were finally signed by Colonel
F. L. Guenther, who was at that time
at Fort Myer.
■ Mr. Bentheim was told that the fact
that his story should appear at this
time with so much startling informa
tion would cause considerable doubt as
to its authenticity, and to this he re
plied:
I will go with you before a notary pub
lic and swear that everything I have told
you is the truth, or I will swear In a
similar way to any United States officer
or member of the German Embassy. The
story is absolutely true, and you are at
liberty to communicate with any of the
persons I have mentioned In an effort at
corroborating. »
DREYFUS DENOUNCED BY
AN AUSTRIAN REFUGEE
Fifth Week of the Court-Martlal at
Rennes Opens With, a Sen
sation.
RENNES, Sept. 4.— As the end of the
Dreyfus trial comes within sight the
French Government 1« beginning to display
fears that the verdict may give rise to
troubles, and orders have just been re
ceived by two regiments of Infantry and
one cavalry' regiment, already within hail
of Rennt*, to hold themselves in readiness
to march on the town at the first sign of
disorder, to occupy all strategic points
and repress all manifestations In thoir
Inception.
Local anti-Dreyfusard organizations, by
thoir anti-foreign articles, have already
singled out foreigners as enemies of the
country, and there is little doubt that
foreign journalists will be the first vic
tims of the violence of the mob— not so
much Anglo-Saxons as Austrian, German
and Russian Jews, who form a majority
of the press representation of their re
spective countries.
To-day's session opened rathor badly for
Dreyfus, as a surprise was sprung upon
the defense in the advent of an Austrian
political refugee, Eugene- Cernuschi, who
came out with a flatfooted denunciation
of the accused, which, even though it may
eventually be proved a pur© fairy tale, is
bound for the moment to exercise a ma
lignant influence upon the French peoplo,
who have, not seen Cernuschi and are thus
unable to form a personal opinion of the
man who launched these direct accusa
tions against Captain Dreyfus.
Cernuschi's appearance la undeniably
against him. Tsobody even suspects that
he is what he claims to be. a scion of the
royal Servian house. On the contrary,
one would take him to be a groom dressed
in his best Sunday suit. It was remarked
that as soon as he had delivered his testi
mony and M. Labori had asked to have
him put on oath at to-morrow's session
behind closed doors, in order that he
might be punished if guilty of perjury, he
left the courtroom and was not seen
again.
Cernuschfs testimony, which was In the
form of a letter to the president of the
court-martial. Colonel Jouaust, was most
unequivocal. He claimed that on three
distinct occasions, twice in France and
once at Geneva, he was told by a high
piaced foreign officer that Dreyfus had
communicated treasonable documents to
a foreign power. In the third instance,
Cernuschi said, the officer showed him
documents emanating from Dreyfus and
that this officer left Franca hurriedly
two days prior to the arrest of Captain
Dreyfus. The allusion was evidently to
Colonel Schwarzkoppen, the military at
tache of the German embassy In Paris In
1*94 whose movements were coincident
with thofe described as the movements
uf the officer in Cernuschi's deposition.
Now. this evidence Is of transcendental
Importance to the prosecution, and it is
incredible, unless Cernuschi Is proved to
be a humbug-, that the Government com
missary, Major Carrlere, should have ad
mitted that he had received a letter from
him offering important testimony and
thrown It aside on the ground of Its com
ing from a political refugee. The depo
sition evoked expressions of incredulity.
One suspicious feature was the fact
that although the witness said he
could not speak French fluently
his letter to Colonel Jouaust asking
an opportunity to testify was drawn
up in perfect French. He explained that
he had been assisted by bia wife In writ
ing the letter.
This introduction of a foreigner as a
witness tor the prosecution gavo Mf La
bon an opportunity to submit the moat
important request, he has made through
out the trial— a request which. If granted
by Colonel Jouaust, though this Is ex
tremely doubtful, certaimy would have
momentous consequences.
M. Labori announced his intention, in
view of the step taken by the prosecution
in calling foreign evidence, to ask that
inquiry should be made through the reg
ular diplomatic channels as t.> whether
the documents mentioned in the bordereau
wore actually communicated and, If bo,
by whom. This involves an application
to the German Government which the
court- mnrtial is scarcely likely to ap
piove. In any case the application meant*
the lengthening of the trial for several
weeks.
The introduction of Cernuschi and the
other developments of the day, it is gen
erally predicted, Imply another fortnight's
sitting at the least. Cernuschi will be
heard to-morrow behind closed doors. At
the same time there probably will be
an examination of the secret dossier, to
which Captain Cuignet referred this
morning and which M. Labori immediate
ly asked to have produced in court. This
dossier consists of twelve or thirteen doc
uments, and it is difficult to see why, if
they had any value, the etat major have
not had them produced earlier. The etat
major are not in the habit of holding
buck documents calculated to prove of
the slightest service to their cause, as
is shown in the case of the note concern
ing M. Hadamard's doubts of the inno
cence of his cousin, which was incorrect,
but was nevertheless included in .ac se
cret dossier, while the Important docu
ment stating, on the authority of the
French Minister to Rome, that an Italian
military attache paid Esterhazy 200,000
fnmes was studiously omitted from the
secret dossier. It is perfectly evident that
the Italian attache did not pay Esterhuzy
BUCh a sum on account of, as the French
say, his beautiful eyes, and the document
waa the best evidence that Esterhazy is
the traitor. Nevertheless the etat major
carefully kept this out of view.
M. Painleve, the distinguished mathe
matician, cornered General Gonse on the
hitter's falsified version of M. Hadamard's
remarks concerning Captain Dreyfus and
the manner in which Gonse squirmed and
his woe-begone appearance almost
aroused pity for him. General Roget also
appeared to begin to feel at last the
cruel strokes the etat major have been re
ceiving of late. He showed naught of his
cruel, brazi-n front to-day. On the con
trary his face was quite livid when he
left the stage after a very poor display,
and he quitted the courtroom as soon as
the proceedings were over, excusing him
self to his brother generals. Mercier and
Others of a higher grade, on the ground
of feeling ill.
The session ended with an exposure by
M. Hennion, chief of the Paris detectives,
of the disgraceful tactics of the etat ma
jor in suppressing his report in favor of
Captain Dreyfus and inserting a docu
ment more or less unfavorable to him.
Dreyfus began to-day, with the largest
attendance seen in the Lycee. The inter
est in the trial grows as the denouement
approaches. Six to ten days is given as
the. outside limit for the further duration
of the trial. There was an exceptionally
large number of ladies present to-day,
their bright costumes giving a gay look
to the courtroom.
The session opened very interestingly
with the appearance of the witness M.
Cernuschi. He was dressed in a brown
lounging suit. His features are unpre
possessing, and, in fact, his general ap
pearance did very little credit to the Ser
vian royal house, to which it is alleged
he belongs. His letter to Colonel Jouaust
offering h^s testimony stated that, hav
ing been mixed up in political troubles in
Austria-Hungary, he has been obliged to
seek refuge in France, where he had a
friend who was a high official of the For
eign Office of a central European power.
This friend, the witness said, told him
that certain foreign agents in France
might denounce him, the first name men
tioned being that of Dreyfus. Another
foreign officer, a foreign general of staff,
similarly warned him. One day the wit
ness said, when he was visiting the lat
ter, he saw him take from his pocket a
voluminous packet containing the mili
tary documents. The officer said that in
France one could buy anything, adding,
"What is the good of Jews If you don't
use them?"
Being asked If he ascertained the name
of the traitor in this case, M. Cernuschi
replied:
"No; because the officer had already
said Dreyfus was his informant."
This answer, and the tone in which it
was delivered, evoked a movement of in
credulity among the audience. Major
Carrlere, representing the Government,
asked the court to hold further examina
tion of this witness behind closed doors,
in view of the diplomatic side of his testi
mony.
M. Laborl then announced that since the
prosecution had summoned the aid of for
eign officers he intended to make applica
tion to have complete steps taken through
foreign channels to ascertain whether the
documents mentioned in the bordereau
were delivered to a foreign power, and if
so by whom. This announcement, if
Colonel Jouaust consents to the applica
tion, will have most important conse
quences. The words of M. Labori created
a deep Impression, as they made it evi
dent that counsel for the defense was on
the warpath to-day.
The second witness called to-day was
M. Andre, clerk to M. Bertullus, Judge of
the Court of Cassation, who received the
confession of the late Lieutenant Colonel
Henry. M. Andre deposed that he over
heard Lieutenant Colonel Henry exclaim:
"Don't insist, 1 beg of you. The honor
of the army must be saved before every
thing."
The next important witness was the
v« U-known mathematician, M. Pamleve,
who began i>>- tearing M. Bertillon's sys
tem of argumentation to pieces. M. Pain
leve then entered upon a personal topic,
which quickly won him the close atten
tion of the audience and brought on a
dramatic scene, which kept the specta
tors in a state of excitement until he
finally left the bar. M. Painleve referred
to his evidence before the Court of Caa-
Batlon, and protested vehemently against
the version given by General Gonse of a
conversation with M. Hadamard, cousin
of Dreyfus, in which M. Ha. laniard ex
pressed" belief in the guilt of Dreyfus.
"Never," exclaimed the witness, "did
M. Hadamard doubt the innocence of nis
cousin."
General Gonse asked to be heard and
mounted the stage. After declaring that
the whole matter was insignificant. Gen
eral Gonse insinuated that the faith of
M. Hadamard and M. Painleve in the in
nocence of Dreyfus must have been
Btr< ngthened recently.
M. Painleve replied warmly, insisting
that he never had any doubt of Dreyfus'
innocence.
The two men then went at it hammer
and tongs. Painleve faced General Gonse
with his arm folded and thrust home his
questions and retorts until General Gonse
became red in the face.
Then General Roget joined in the dis
cussion.
M. Labori began a cross-examination
of General Gonse regarding a certain doc
ument in the secret dossier, to which
General Gonse had referred, but which
had not been submitted to the court.
M. Labori, not receiving satisfactory
JOHN Y. McKANE IS
REPORTED TO BE DYING
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— John Y. McKane, formerly the political boss of
Coney Island and whose trial and conviction In 1894 for ballot box
Btuffing gave him national notoriety, Is dying at his home In Coney
Island of acute dyspepsia. Physicians who held a consultation to-day said
he would not survive the night.
At 2 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning Mr. McKane was unconscious and
sinking rapidly. It was not believed that he would live until daybreak.
I answers, and finding that Colonel Jou
| aust declined to allow him to press the
matter home in the way he wished, be
came extremely indignant and protested
with considerable warmth against Col
onel Jour-ist's veto of his questions.
This caused a little seem between Col
onel Jouaust and M. Labor!. Finally,
the latter asked why a certain dispatch
from the French Ehnbassador at Rome
relative to the payment of money to
Major Count Esterhazy by an Italian
agent had not been included in the secret
dossier presented to the court.
General Gonse replied that he had not
considered the dispatch of sufficient im
j portance to be included in the dossier.
I Colonel Jouaust here again refused to
allow some of M. Labori's questions. M.
Labori was fuming with indignation, but
| was obliged to submit.
M. Labori asked General Gonse who
compiled the secret dossier.
"I did," shouted Commandant Cuignet,
from the body of the hall.
Commandant Cuignet then came to the
bar and declared that he had omitted all
documents from abroad, "because for
eigners were interested in deceiving us."
Commandant Cuignet added that another
dispatch existed, relating to a conversa
tion between a foreign sovereign and a
French military attache, in the course
of which the sovereign said:
"What is now occurring in France is
proof of the powers of the Jews."
This dispatch, said Cuignet, although
against Dreyfus, was also omitted from
the secret dossier.
As he made this statement Command
ant Cuignet turned to a brother officer,
sitting in the place set apart for wit
nesses, and smiled with the self-satisfied
air of a man who had made a distinct
score.
MM. Demange and Labori immediately
arose and expressed surprise that fresh
evidence against Dreyfus should be in
troduced in this way. M. Labori also
i expressed curiosity respecting these doc- j
1 uments concerning espionage which were ;
being held back by the general staff and
he insisted that all these documents |
should be submitted to the court behind
closed doors. I
The question of the reports drawn up I
by Commandant Cuignet and Officer Kat- I
tines dealing exhaustively with the secret
dossier, was then introduced, and Gen- \
i era! Billot arose to explain that the state- ]
I ment was inexact that he 'took this re
port away with him.
"I gave' this report," he said, "to M. |
Cavaignac, the former Minister of War." I
"Then." said M. Labori, "let us have I
M. Cavaignac' S explanation of what be
came of the report."
Colonel Jouaust called for M. Cavaig
nac, but the former Minister of War was
not in the court-room and an officer was ]
sent to seek him.
Meanwhile the testimony of a couple ;
of minor witnesses was heard. The pro- \
ceedings described in the foregoing were :
exciting as at one time when General j
Chanoine and M. Paleologue were brought j
upon the stage to explain Commandant
Cuignet's statements there were five wit
nesses at the bar, all speaking at once,
and interrupting one another. The testi
mony throughout was interspersed with
heated scenes between M. Labori and
Colonel Jouaust.
M. Cavaignac could not be found In the
precincts of the Lycee, and it was de
cided to hear him to-morrow.
A commissary ,of the secret police
named Tomps was called by the defense.
His testimony concluded to-day's proceed
If you go to your tailor through friend-
ship, of course we can't expect to interest g
g$ you, but if you consider buying clothes a g
business investment, we want to be heard, g
m and there are chances that we will.
I Say you buy one of our tailor-made suits ||
$ ' and are pleased with it, then you are pro- fj
%, tected from imperfections for one year. But
§ if you are not pleased your money is waiting g
i to be returned to you at your say so. g
>a A fair and square business proposition — R
8 your moneys worth or your money returned.
j| Send for samples of our £io suits. |
I S. N. WOOD & CO., I
| 718 Market St. and
I Cor. Powell and Eddy.
' ings. The commissary proved Indirectly a
strong witness for Dreyfus and a corre-
s pondingly damaging- witness for the gen
: eral staff. His evidence brought out a
glaring instance of duplicity on the part
•of the staff in suppressing documents
which must wi-aken its own case. Com
missary Tomps was called to the general
stuff office to investigate the espionage,
and naturally had consultations and close
relations with officers of the bureau.
Commissary Tomps began his testimony
by paying a high tribute to Lieutenant
Colonel Picquart's correct attitude and
uprightness in the Dreyfus inquiry, while
other officers sought to undermine him
by insinuations. Lieutenant Colonel
Henry, the witness asserted, tried to
induce him to attribute to Picquart the
communication of the bordereau to the
Matin, in which journal, it will be re
membered, the bordereau was first pub
lished. Then Commissary Tomps came
to the most important portion of his tes
timony, which led to a restricting of his
rev-elations. The witness was asked if
he had ever investigated the Paulmler af
fair, which was as follows:
Paulmier was the valet of Colonel
Schwarzkoppen, the German military at-
I tache at Paris, and it was alleged that
he saw on Schwarzkoppen's desk docu
ments signed by Dreyfus. The general
| staff had declared that an effort would
be made to get at the truth of this story,
but Paulmier disappeared, and therefore,
although the general staff could not prove
the story, it could not be disproved.
To the question regarding this case,
Commissary Tomps replied that he had
] not investigated the affair, whereupon M.
! Labor! suggested that M. Hennion, sub
chief of the political police, who is now
in Rennes superintending the precautions
for the safety of witnesses, may have
been intrusted with the inquiry Into this
case.
Colonel Jouaust called to Hennion, who
was present in the courtroom, "Come here
and testify."
M. Hennion ascended the platform and
took the oath. He declared that he did
investigate the case and actually found
Paulmier. who told him there was not
a word of truth in the whole story. He
had never seen any paper bearing the
name of Dreyfus.
M, Labor] at once called attention to
the fact that the general staff had sup
pressed M. Hennion's report in favor of
Dreyfus and only declared that the re
port had been received representing Paul
mier as untraceable.
Command.-int Cuignet and Captain
Junck then arose and insisted that only
the report that Paulmier could not be
traced had been received at the office of
the general staff.
M Hennion replied, reiterating that he
had forwarded a report to the general
staff, giving Paulmier s emphatic denial
of the whole story.
M Lahori asked Commandant Cuignet
and Captain Junck where the report was
that they said had been received by the
general staff stating that M. Paulmier
could not be found. The officers inter
rogated were obliged to admit that they
were unable to find the report. This prac
tically closed the matter.
The court adjourned after deciding to
sit with closed doors to-morrow to inves
tigate M. Cernuschi's testimony.
Site for Parnell Statue.
DUBLIN. Sept. 4.— The corporation has
granted a site near tlie Rotunda in Upper
Sackville street for the proposed statue
of Charles Stewart Parnell.
34
FINE RACING
AT THE STATE
FAIR OPENING
Four Favorites Earn
Brackets.
Bpeclal Dlspatcb to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, S< pt 4.— Seldom has an
opening day at tin stale Fair Been such
a. crowd as p;iss> .1 through the turnstiles
at Agricultural Park this afternoon. It
wns not an Immense gathering:, but was
largo wben compared with previous
pears. The weather was perfection itself
for racing purposes, but the trar-k was
three seconds slow. Under the new mn:;-
GRAND STAND AT THE STATE FAIR TRACK.
The attendance at the opening of the Sacramento race mefttnp was the
largest of recent years. The grandstand and the inclosure fronting it were
crowded with spectat ■
sj.+ +.« » » » » <j> -♦■- # ■■♦#•♦♦#♦<
agement, the buildings and park were a
revelation to the "circuit-chaser." Every
thing wore a spick and span look and a
liberal application of the paint brush ad
ded greatly to the adornment of the
grandstand and betting ring.
In the judges' stand J. W. Wilson of
Sacramento presided, with General A. W.
Barrett and Joe Terry as associates.
Frank Covey of Palo Alto stock farm
acted as starting judge, and his splendid
send-offs were pleasant features of the
harness sport. "Dick" Havey sent the
running lields away nicely aligned, and
Galen Brown and F. Delong performed
the clocking.
The wants of the betting public were
attended to by four books,— a combination
book, an auction book and two pari
mutuel machines. The latter were in
Slight demand, the wagering being con
fined chiefly to the books. Phil Archi
bald, Paul Ridley, "Jim" Davis and Al
bert Feideler chalked up prices, which
were fairly liberal. "Pedigree" Brown
laid his Chinese hieroglyphics for the
"combo" fiends. . , -. ' , . ■■■■
The racing was clean and interesting
throughout, four favorites getting home
in front. Lena \V, Daedalion, Midlove,
Princess Zieka and Nilgar were the
money winners. •■■'■-
Shortly before 2 o'clock the bell tapped
out the rive starters for the rich Occident
stake, worth $1825 to the winner, for
three-year-old trotters. Lena w, over
which William Hogoboom held the rib
bons, was the pick of the talent by ac
clamation, and the l-to-2 laid against her
before the first heat seemed a liberal
quotation. It proved "oil from the can,"
for the Lynmont won in three straight
heats without "raising a scrape," the
fastest mile being covered in 2:21^.. Of
the others. Dr. Prasse'a Sister, driven by
Charley Bunch, was. the only one en
d.'wed with any speed, falling in for sec
ond money without effort. . ■ .V
Quite another tale was that of the 2:30
class pace, in which the winner was an
nounced only after a desperately con
tested six-heat struggle. On his impres
sive showing at the Santa Rosa meet,
Daedalion. with Hickey on the bike, was
Installed favorite, the books holding the
Diablo horse a I-10-2 chance. Sable Le-
Grande was quoteq at 4. Irvington Boy 4,
Cleon 6, Gaff Topsail 4, Marguerite 4 and
Alta 6.
For the first heat, Cleon drew the pole
position, losing it, however, before the
llrst turn was reached. The -first choice,
after making a scarcely perceptible
"Jimmy," led the way down the back
stretch, closely followed by Cleon and
Sable LeGrande. After passing the half,
the leader left his feet, ceasing to be a
contender. Sable LeGrande then took
command, winning the heat cleverly from
Cleon and Irvington Boy. Gaff Topsail
paced disappointingly, evidently not get
ting limbered up.
The poor showing made by the favorite
cut no figure with the pencilers, who
again marked him up a hot choice. With
a. Blight lead when the word was given in
the second heat, Gaff Topsail caught the
•wind first and was never headed, his fol
lowers getting 6 to 1 for their money.
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
-' Sable LeGrande finished second and
Irvington Boy third. Daedalion was again
very unsteady.
Still the books refused to f*iosen up
much against Daedalion. holding him at
, 6 to 5. with 8 to 5 against Topsail. When
Daedalion came out on the track it was
I said his caacked h^els lind been treated,
: and "Vet" Tryon, the "wiggier's" owner,
j replaced Hlckey on the bike. The change
worked a transformation, the ham
chestnut winning easily in 2.V.* from Sable
LeGrande. Topsail made a bad mess of
It on the backstretch, falling to the rear.
The heat following resulted in a fluel
between the favorite and Gaff Topsail, the
former getting the verdict by a half
length in a !'mish that brought the crowd
■ in the stand to its feet. Still, in the i ■ >: r
trip the result was as much In doubt as
ever, Daedalion going into the air a six
th from the wire, ar.d Topsail, hard
held by Smith, jogging in.
Aff-r this all weni to the stable but the
heat winners. Topsail was a 3 to 5 chance,
evens were laid againsi Daedalion and 8
to 1 against Sab'.e LeGrande. After
rounding the tirst turn Topsail St( ppe I i n
a tack and the race was over, Daedalion
opening up a big gap and winning hands
down.
The second choice In the betting, the
strongly touted Princess Zieka, ridd< n by
i ".lack" Ward, placed th<^ Shatter s' ;; ; r:g
stake, at six furlongs, to her credit San
Tomas. with 99 pounds and Tommy Butler
1 in the saddle, was the pick of the talent,
I going to the post at 7 to 10. Sunello. the |
Slum entry, was away first and led the j
small field to the stretch, with the Prin
cess and San Tomas close up. Here the
latter had enough, and in a long, hard
drive Ward landed his mount winner by
over a length in 1:15%. Purmayah and
Mandamus were outclassed.
Midlove. ridden by Butler, made short
work of the big field in the six-furlong
scramble. An even money favorite, she
took the lead soon after the start, lead
ing out Mafada, a 20 to 1 shot . with
pounds to spare. Manzanilla ran third.
j On the strength of reported fast work-
I outs the old mare Monrovia, with Charley
Thorpe on her back, opened a 3 to 5 favor
ite for the final mile Belling run. Later a
play came in on Nilgai, sending him to
the post equal choice with Monrovia. At
the turn Thorpe on Monrovia was nearly
thrown and was never afterward danger
ous. Driving hard for over a furlong,
Ward on Nilgar reached the wire a half
length before Donator In 1:41%.
Following are to-morrow's entries:
First race— Pacing; 2:30 class; mile heats;
two In three.
Vollta ' "Waldstetn Jr.,
Rita 11. I Daken D.
Second race— Trotting; 2:16 class; mile heats;
two in three.
Mamie Riley, Bonßallne,
Daymont, ; . Addison,
Sable Francis, Neeretta,
Conn, Sue,
Shelby. " ; Themn.
Ned Tliorne, Our Lucky.
Third Running; all ages; Flash stakes;
fix furlongs.
JlcFarlane 1071 .. Ilnhenzollern ....107
. petal 98 I* Negligence 122
(14)Mt. McGregor 11.107 28 Com') Traveler.. lo2
.. Cerulea 113 (18)N'ovla 104
14 February 104 .. Bamboulia 61
Fourth race— Running: two-year-olds and up
ward; five and a half furlongs.
23 Xl Arte .100 ; 23 Constellator 105
. Bathos 112: 21 Flush of G01d. ..102
(7)Th<» Scot.'. Hi? 10 My Gypsy 102
.. My Secret 97' (21) The Buffoon 107
.. Midlty 105
Fifth race— Running— three-year-olds and up
ward r selling; seven furlongs.
19 Munsey Sir .. Meadowlark 107
.. Alaria 102 .. Libertine 110
18 Mike Rice 110 .. Roßsmore 112
- Ace .1131
CRESCEUS WHS
THE FREE FOR ALL
STALLION PURSE
Opening of the New
Yonkers Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The first grand
circuit meeting of the Empire City Trot
ting (Jlub began under the happiest aus
pices. The weather was perfect and the
magnificent new track near Yonkers was
faster thaD ever any new track was
known to be before. Fifteen thousand
spectators were on hand when the bell
rang for the first race, the 2:15 pace, for
which there wt-re eight starters.
The bay stallion Hilly Andrews was a
hot favorite at about 2 to 1, and he won
in straight heate. In the second heat
there was a magnificent race for second
place. Billy Andrews was so far ahead
that he attracted no interest, but Johnny
Agan, Dariel and Free Bond came down
the stretch like a team and raised the en
tire grand stand, and it was only Just at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
the wire that Agan won the place by an
eyelash.
The free-for-all stallion purse for $3000
brought together fight of the best cam
paigners of the season. The celebrated
crack Bingen sold at 2 to 1 over, the Held,
though the best judges backed Cresceus,
the game a.nd speedy son of Robert Mc-
Gregor Cresceus landed both heats with
the greatest ease. Charley Herr was the
contending horse. Bingen was a sad dis
appointment, as he broke badly in each
heat getting the .flag in the second.
The 2:18 I ice brought out a Held of
eight for the word, and the talent plunged
on Edward S at 20 to 50 for the field. He
made a sorry show for the first heat the
four-year-old gelding Oscar L. by Alcan
tara 'going to the front and winning clev
erly In the second heat the favorite
awakened and led all the way to the
finish, with Oscar L a close second. In
the third heat Edward S led to the dis
tance stand with Belle Cannon, where
Oscar I- came with a determined rush,
and the two leaders going into the air
Oscar L. won the heat and race.
In the 2:20 trot the bay stallion Owhyee
was the favorite at LOO to GO on. lie won
as he pleased. Results:
215 class, pacine: two in three heats; purse
13000— Billy Andrews won in straight *»«**»•
Tin 2:07% 2 0"i;. Dariel second. Johnny
Agan' third. Free Bond, Scapegoat, Journeyman,
Blaze Boy and Russell B also started.
Free-for-all trotting, stallions, two In three;
pur»*SS(4o— Cr«seeu« won in straight heats, lime.
2:10U 2:u7' 4 . Charley Herr (second, Monterey
SCORING FOR THE " GO " IN THE OCCIDENT STAKE.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— First day of the meeting of the State
Agricultural Fair, Monday, September 4. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge — Frank Covey.
FIRST RACE— Occident .Stake; trotting; three-year-olds; value, $2775.
D. F. Knight's Lena W, 1 •>• Lymont-Elmorene (W, HoKoboom) 11l
Dr. PrasM'a b. f. by Iron Alto (Hun li> 2 2 2
lilan<-he T b. f., by Hambletonian-Wilkes (Topham) 3 3 3
Lee Roy, b. c, by Fay Wllkes (I)onathan) 5 4 4
Tia Juana, br. f., by Qosslpsr (Ablea) 4 5 6
Time— 2:2lH. 2:23%, 2:23^.
SECOND RACB— Pacing, 2:30 'Mass; purse, $]QOO.
S. C. Tryon's b. h. Uaedalion, by Diablo by Buccaneer (Hickey
and tfrypn) 5 4 1 1 2 1
J. L. Smith's eh. h. Gaff Topsail, by Diablo by Alcona (Smith).. 8 14 2 18
Alex Brown's br. g. Sable Legraii'l, by Sable \VHken by Legrand
(Brown) 1 2 2 8 S 2
Irvington Hoy, b. g., by Nutwood Wllkes (Cecil) 3 3 3 5 4 r. o.
(leon. ' n. m., by llHi>py Prince (Kelly) 2 6 6 4 dist
MitrKuerlte, eh. m., by Btdnway (Jeffries) 4 S 5 distanced
Alta, b. h., by Almont (Rodriguez) distanced
Tlme-2:l7Vi. 2:17V4, 2:19. Z:17%. 2:1514, 2:24%.
Presiding Judge— J. \V. Wilson. Starter— R, Havey.
9ft THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
■••- I ■"---:■■*: Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. %m. ftm. Jim. str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. CI.
12 Mldlove. 4 103 12ft 14 12ft Butler 6-5 1
... Mafada, 6 : .... 112' 6 5 h 31 21 , Hobart 15 15
... Manzanllla, 5 109 5 4 1 2 4 3 4 F. Bennett.... 6 6
... New Moon, 5 109 7 7 1 6 ft 4 n Mounce 8 7
(13) Shellac, 4 109; 2 2 1 4 M, 51 Coburn 4 6
19 Yule, 4 18618 61 5h ... ... 8 2 Frawley 7 8
... Miss Dividend, 4... .109110 8 3 7% ... ... 72 Macklln 8 8
... Colonel Dan, 4 102,8 11 9 2 8 1 [j. Ward 4 10
... Stromo, 3 107 1 34 8ft 9 3 E. Jones 3 6
... Swltzer, 5 108 13 9 10 10 a. King -20 50
... Isabel, a 113] 9 10 Jl 11 Bozeman 20 40
... Himera, 4 109 11 12 12 12 Johnson , 10 10
... Wllmeter. 4 116 15 14 13 i3, McLaughlin.. 10 25
... Bertha Mr, 5 102 12 13 14 14 Wickline 15 20
... Ovation, 3... 96,14 15 15 15 [Meagan 12 50
Time— Good start. Won easily. Winner, Burns & Water house's ch. t. by lmn
Midlothian-Free Dove. ■ ,, -.',,: v:
Q"-r FOURTH RACE-The Shatter Stakes; six furlongs: two-year-olds; selling; value,
Index. Horse. Weight .St. Km. ftm.' Km. Str. Fin. } Jockeys. iop.^Cl'.
... Princess Zelka 102 1 8 6 2 1ft ... Th 1 1ft J. Wart. ...... 6-5 11-6
(16)Suncllo 107 1 12 1.% ... 22 , 2 2ft Loulllier ...;.. 2 "2
... San Tomas 99 3 2h 3 1ft ... 34 3 10 : Butler 1 7-10
... Mandamus Ill 4 4 4 4 6 ... 410 410 Hobart 15 15
... Purmayah 96; 5 5 5 5 5 [Johnson ...... | 6 10
Time— 1:15ft. Good start. Won easily. Winner, J. J. Grant's b. f., by Rey del Slerra-
CounteEs Zelka. .. - '
QO FIFTH RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 6300.
Index. Horse, Weight. St. ftm. %m. ftm. str. Fin. I Jockeys. |op. cT.
... Nilgar, 3 99 2 lift 11 11 in 114 J. Ward. .....*-« 1
20 Donator, 4 ....... ....95 3 32 3 2ft 21 23 2 10 Butler ........ 4 8
... Com'cl Traveler, 4..66 5 12% 34 3 4 3 10 Mounce 8 30
... Monrovia, a 107 4 4245 46 46 4 12 Thorpe ....... 3-6 1
... Lady Hurst, 5 107 1 5 15 5 25 6 30 5 15 5 20 Snider 2 8
... Alturas, 3..... .104 ( 6 6 6 6 6 6 Wickline ..... 12 IS
- Time— 1:41ft. Fair start. Won driving;. 'Winner, P. E. Jones' b. c., by imp. Islington-
Joy. --;v--Nv -'/.'A :':■■:.'■ ">'-..?■ ■' ;r:\y- -.''/- . «.."■"■■■■"-.■-'.; ■-■.":--•■-■. .;: v-;,.- - ■■.-.■■•.-'- ..- :
third. ■ Askey, Benton M. Bing«n. Oakland
Baron and Dare Devil also strrted.
2:18 class, pacing; two in three h«ats ; purse
$1500— Oscar L, won first and third heats.
Time, l':l4U 2-15%. Edward S won second
heat in I:12U and was second. Belle Cannon
third. Actuary. Sir Arthur. Governor Bush
nell, Edmond and Brent Wells also started.
2:20 class, trotting: best two in three; purse
Owyhee won in straight heats. Time,
2:11, 2:11%. Palm I>eaf second. Dollade Wilkes
third. Royal Baron. The Queen and apa also
started.
Fast Time on Motorcycle.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— The cycle race
' meet of the Atlantic Athletic Association
]at Manhattan Beach to-day drew SOOO
I people. The main event was a twenty-five
mile motorcycle tandem race. First
money was won by J. W. Judge and
Charles W. .Miller, the six-day champion
rider, and their time of 39 minutes 58
seconds beat the world's record on any
class of machine. J. Stinson and I* «taf ;
ford wert second; time, 41 minutes 1< 2-o
seconds. Harry Cnldwell and H. Ragen
were third; time. 42 minutes 30 3-a seconds.
Found Dead in Bed.
NAPA. Sept. 4.— Henry Doscher, who
for the past thirteen years has owned a
half interest in the German House, was
found dead In bed this morning. lie was
complaining of feeling ill Sunday night
when he retired.
MESMERIST IN
FRONT FOR THE
AUTUMN STAKES
Wins Without Great
Effort.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The usual big
holiday crowd was at Sheepshead Bay
to-day and the card was attractive enough
to satisfy them. The first stake to bo de
cided was the Autumn, In which Gonfa
lon was the favorite, although Mesmerist
and St. Finnan were about as well backed.
Gonfalon was first away and held his lead
Into the quarter, when Gulden came with
a rush and passed him, leading into the
stretch. The Madden colt did not hold
his advantage long, for as soon as they
were straightened out Mesmerist came
out of the bunch and won as he pleased.
In the Twin City handicap Bannock
burn and Manuel were Blight favorites
over the great Western mare Imp, but the
big crowd had its coin down on the mare.
Bangle was well backed and the others
neglected. The start was prompt and
good and, in spite of her weight. Imp
was sent out to make the pace. Past the
grand stand and down around the lower
turn Bangle and Half Time joined her
and the trio raced their heads off in front,
each alternating in the lead by a head, to
the upper turn, when the others began to
close up. Among the lot was Previous,
who cut away from the rest and was
within striking distance at the head of
the stretch. In the meantime Imp. her
bolt shot, began to drop back and Ban
gle took the lead. He held it only to the
last furlong, when Previous came with
a rush and won away off in a drive.
Dr. Catlett, the favorite for the West
bury steeplechase, won cleverly, with
Trillion second and King T third. Re
sults:
Futurity course — Rockton won. Red Tatch
seond, Radford third. Time, 1:00.
Seven furlongs, selling— L.uoky Star won.
Judge Wardell second, yueen of Song . third.
Time, 1:30 2-5.
Autumn Futurity course— Mesmerist won.
Gulden second, Gonfalon third. Time. 1:03 1-6.
The Twin City handicap, one and one-quarter
miles— l'revioue won, Bangle second. Bannock
burn third. Time, 2:10.
The Westbury steeplechase, full course — Dr.
Catlett won, Trillion second, King T third.
Time, 5:3G2-5.
One and one-sixteenth miles— Decanter won,
Maid of Harlem second, Clonsilla third. Time,
1:50 1-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. 4.— Twelve thousand people
went to the Hawthorne track this afternoon
and saw two track records broken. The Cali
fornia filly Flamura and G. C. Bennett's colt
Carron both beat Mcrito In the second race,
cutting the track record a quarter of a second.
In the third race Algaretta lowered the six and
ono-half furlong record from l:£oVi to 1:20. N.
Ray, who rode My Valentine In the steeple
chase, was dangerously hurt and was uncon
scious at a late hour to-night. Riders Welch
and Stewart sustained broken collarbones.
Weather clenr: track fast. Results:
One mile— Dr. Nebula won, Bert Davis sec
ond, Silver Tone third. Time, 1:41%.
Five and one-half furlongs— Klamora won,
Capron second, Muud Wallace third. Time,
1:07 %.
Six and one-half furlongs— Algaretta won,
Montgomery second, Macy third. Time, 1:20.
Steeplechase, short course— Gypcelver won,
Clifton B second. Bellamy third. Time. 2:51.
One mile and a hulf, selling— Croesus won.
Jackanapes second, Fatherland third. Time,
2:ZV-i.
One mile, selling— Newsjratherer won, Tap.
pan Becond, Bishop Reed third. Time, 1:40^..
BUFFALO. Sept. 4.— A big- crowd turned out
to the Fort Erie races to-day. Black Vigil, the
favorite in the second event, broke a leg during
the route and the race went to a long shot.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs— By George won, Nekarnls sec
ond. Jessie Jarboe third. Time. 1:15.
Half mile — Descubradora won, Jena second,
Solvent third. Time, :4S>*.
One mile— Beau Ideal won, Virgle O second,
Jim Megibbon third. Time, 1:41.
Five furlongs— Dissolute won. May Jane sec
ond. Advance Guard third. Time, 1:01%.
Six furlongs— Brulare won, Looram second,
Springwell third. Time. 1:14.
One mile and a sixteenth -Top Gallant won,
Beana second, Sallie Lamar third. Time.
l:48H.
SEAMEN AND STEAMER
FIREMEN ON STRIKE
LONDON, Sept. 4.— The general strike
of seamen and steamer firemen, which
has been threatened for some tim.:>. was
declared to-day, the ship owners refus
ing to accept the invitation of the Sea
men find Firemen's Union for a confer
ence fixing the rate of wages for fin m< n
and sailers at £ti and for sailors on say
ing vessels at £4 monthly, a slijrnt ad
vance in the average wages now paid at
the varicus British ports. Reports as to
the effect and thoroughness of the move
ment have not yet been received, except
from South Shields, where, it is stated.
2000 men have gone out.
Many meetings have been held In the
vicinity of the London docks, the speak
ers expressing the determination of the
men to remain idle until th-ir demands
have bfen granted. Hut traffic at this
port has not yet been affected.
It Is not likely that the strike will be
completely organized for several day.-,
and untii then its result will not be
I known and its effect will not be keenly
i felt. The manifesto of thp. union order
ing the strike includes all the ports in
the United Kingdom.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHARES
si
I PRICE GOES UP SEPT. 10th TO
$140.
All subscribers coming in up to
September 10 will receive one fully
paid up share, par value $5, for each j
dollar invested. This stock will un- (
doubtedly sell in the hundreds per j
share when oil is struck. \
PROSPECTUS FREE. |
I BIG PANOCHE OIL CO., ]
; 414 ADAMS BUILDING, \
206 Kearny Street. \
■ BAN FRANCISCO. i
«^^|Si^i. I will jruarantee
JjS&Saijj^n^jjf^ thnt my Rheumatism
ure will relieve lum-
mlt^^^^^RsL base sciatic* and all
4K|k 4E^lf rheumatic pains in
f§f «gaim3iS?ar two or three hours,
v *S*W2ia an< * cure in a few
\ ay " MUNYON.
■ip3L*^|S3^ At all druggists,
Wf^fe^S^a^S c> a y ' a '- Guide
< Wj^B«isS^¥ Health and mcdi-
i I r^ ca * a<^ T ' ce free.
r ' > I ." 1505 Arch St.. Phila.
" At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY... SEPTEMBER 12, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North side of Pine st. (No. 1S10). 220 feet west
of Gough; 30x137:6; elegant residence of 11
rooms; choice location; convenient to cars.
CLAY-STREET INVESTMENT.
South side (Nos. 3115-1115U) Clay st., near
Mason; 40x46 feet; pays 16 per cent per annum;
4 tenements; always rented. " v- ? ■>
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
North side Minna st. (No. 24), 200 feet west
of First; 25xS0 feet: 3 flats, 4, 4, 3 rooms and
rear house of 6 rooms; rents $44; in the center
of the manufacturing district.
FRANKLIN-STREET FLATS.
West side Franklin st. (Nob. 313-313H), 65
feet south of Grove; 3 flats. 5, 5, 5 rooms and
bath; rents $69; a few blocks from Market st.
and the City Hall.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
' East Bide of Ashbury st. (No. 1056). near
Seventeenth; 60x96 feet: nice house of 7 rooms
and bath; marine and inland view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
West side of Noe st. (No. 310). south of Mar-
ket; 25x105 feet: nice cottage of 5 rooms, bath
basement and stable; half block off Market st!
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side of Clay st. (No. 3309) 11S:9 west
of Central aye.; 30x127 feet; modern residence
of 8 rooms and bath: select neighborhood.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side of Geary st. (No. 1513), 103 • feet
west of Laguna; 34:4x137:5: 3-story residence
of 14 rooms. 2 baths and stable; Geary-st. cars.
FILBERT-STREET INVESTMENT.
North side of Filbert st. (No. 3018), IS9 feet
west of Buchanan: 27:6x120; 2 cottages, 5, 4
rooms; rents $20; double frontage.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Southeast corner of Mariposa and Florida
sts. ; 20x75 feet; store and 3 rooms and flat of 5
rooms and bath; good corner for grocery or
saloon. '£'"'';^" _,
E ASTON, ELDRIDCE & CO..
638 Market Street. Auctioneers.
.......
SUITS... Vl3-|
j f\ And they are the desir- j
i if^T ablekind— they wear well {
: £JL — '°°k stylish— »a com- j
: Portable fit an j a pleasure :
I «j|i|pPa to the wearer. jj
: W"\ 111 Made from all-wool m. :
I «HH£il ler ' ~y° ur - own selec ' i
: hhmmH| We save you 25 per j
: ffeHßfl cent on a " suits. :
■Wk f xv " Taibr
i 1^ 201 -SOU Montgomery St., •
! • \l*sSs 1110-1 lia Market St., :
! IUsH ■' '.-' : SAN FRANCISCO. :
; iKX^I .11! 1011 Washington St., ■
; OAKLAND. :
;'■ ''■'' '0L ' 143 South Sprinff St., •
i LOS ANGELES. :
*m. pynk ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ and Morphine Habits
MB ill HI cured at home. Write
i 1 LI ill nil for full particulars
S I 111 1111 nnd book free -
111 \\\ 1 11 INDIAN OFiUM CURS,
W I I VIII B.ID. KIMMIB, 201 Turk
• St., San Fnneiioo.
' — - > - J -*'^ — =»• <<^-<gt' — -
• Wh^n requested, the resorts mentioned
■ in this column will send you circulars
trivintr full information regarding special
1 advantages, rates, manner of reaching
• them etc. When writing please menUo.-;
The Call. "
! GO TO
I Hotel del
Coronado
1 For your summer outing.
Best golf grounds jn the State.
Unequaied fishing, sailing, cycling
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
BAN FRANCISCO.
SKAGGS'HDTSPRIHGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4% HOCR3
from San Francisco and but C miles' stag-
iCfe; water» noted for medicinal virtues; beat
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
(rand mountain ecenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning an!
' afternoon erases; round trip from San Fran-
; cisco only 15 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:3!)
a m. or >:»0 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
j week. References, any guest of the part four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing—
year unprecedented. J. F. MTJLGREW. Prop.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
Everything that makes for health,
! comfort and recreation is now at its
! be<t.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
j lena at 7a. m. or 4p. m. : private rjsto
springs; round trip, $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL Aetna Springs, Napa Co.. or J. H. SIMP-
SON, I. O. O. F. building, San Francisco.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
THE best Deer Hunting, Mineral Waters,
Baths and accommodations in Lake Coun-
j ty can be had at Highland Springs.
I Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come while
i the hunting is good. J. CRAIG. Manager.
Byron Hot Springs
RHEUMATISM
Cured by the Hot Mineral Bathjs.
There Is Nothing Liße Them Known-
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
call on LOMBARD & CO.. agents, room
80. 22^ Geary st.
i ~ *
SARATOGA SPRINGS, \sss»
Up in the mountains, near the
lakes and In the heart of Lal^e
County's mineral belt. Tal^e
train Via Uklah. ":- v _^..'
ROUND TRIP.. -$9.50.
J. MARTENS. Prop.— City Office. 416 Pine Street
FAMOUS GILROY HO! SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON. FOR THE PAST FIVE
• years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager.
Baths and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
daily 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, in the heart of th*
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because it Is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
i And pure air and pure water. Address MR3
I H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
!>J T £* T I O IN HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
■j LUTTRINGER. Seavlew. Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for
particulars.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY",
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena, The water
Is bottled at the springs and contains its owa
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests: prices
reasonable, $S to $10 per week; special rates for
Jamil lea. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 8100 feet Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to JlO per
! week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakvllle. Nafa County. Cal.
LAUREL, DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE, SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co. gas indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homelite manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 £0. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Lake
County. CaL • .
■ FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT& mr cfa°r^
: ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere*: train
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 639 Market
...DO if M mam
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Th? Call" visiting tin
country, seaside or springs during: the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent io them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sams
at the Business Office or by ordar through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents pep Week
65 Cents per Month
j POSTAGE PREPAID.
■ BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invigorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
.. The Mexican Remedy ton Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells oil its own Merita
NABER, ALPS & BRUXE, Agents
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.*uports
HARES PROVE
TOO STRONG FOR
THE GREYHOUNDS
Many Long Courses
at Ingleside.
Lady Herschel. the property of Rus
sell, Allen and Wilson, the Eastern
coursing men. won the Labor Day stake
at Ingleslde Park yesterday. The Lowe
and Thompson dos. St. Oran. was runner
up. The harts ran strongly throughout
the day, in two Instances eluding the
dops for over three minutes. Liberty
T?e:i beat Forgive after three minutes and
twenty-four seconds coursing.
Liberty Bell was then drawn. Glen
Chloe beat St. Helen by twenty-nine
I'Gints to eight, the hare escaping at the
e>nd of three mir.ut^s four seconds. Thif
put an end to Chloe's chalices and she
retired from the field.
There were a number of surprises dur
ing- the day. One of these wae the de
feat of Wild Tralee by J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory by a score of four to two
ar.d a half points. A heavy fog set-j
tied down on the field late in the after
r.oon. spoiling some of the sport. The
Fpectatura saw but little of the final
course. Lady Herschel led St. ran by
about three lengths when dogs and of
liciala were swallowed up in the fog. The
■wh::e flag- soon announced the victory of
Lady Herschel, the two to one favorite.
The detailed results follow:
Open stake— J. Jones' Galivant beat S. Ma- j
honey's ■••:-. J. McHuefc's |
Empress beat J. H. Spencer's Miss Manila:
James Dean's Gallant beat J. K->rr:gan's Lady ;
Blanche: Connell Bros.' St. Helen tea: Bartel
Bros.' Beer Rrewer; ttandy & Smith's Lady
Hugo beat Murr-hy & Tolands Twilight Jr.;:
H. A. IVckelman's Glen Chloe beat J. Far
ley's Cash Pay: E. Baumvister'a Winning ;
"Ways beat S. Mahcney's Nellie G: J. Dick- ;
eon's Black Bess beat E. M. Keliogs's Lady.j
Gilmore; J. Byrnes' Neliie B beat T. Logan a i
Miß9 Grizzle: G. M. Abercrcmbles Rock Islar.i j
Boy beat A. Ohnif-yers Occidental: L-jw? A •
Thompson's St. Oran N>a: E. M. Kellogrs
Hummer; J. McC-crmack's Primro9e beat a. :
M. Abercrombie's Irma: J. P. Thrift's For
p!ve be&t M. Tieman's Persecution: J. Dean a
Belle of Anderson beat Murphy A Toiand's
Ornament; Kay & Trant's Cross Patch beat S.
E. Portal's Laurel wood; Larkey A: Rock's Lib
erty Brll beat RusseU. Alien d: Wilson's La'iy
Herschel; Lowe & Thompson's Flora Mcl>c.n
f.:d hca.-. A. Van den Burg's American Eagie: j
F. Herr:r.c's St. Elmo beat J. Mclnerar*B Prir.- j
ceea Royai; T. J. Cronln's Arab b-at J. Jones'
Moonlight: T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee beat T. j
Moore's Decency: J. O'Donnell's Las Palmas
beat Barrel Bros.' Ban's Belle; J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory beat W. O. Elmer's Fair Flor
ence; Kay «fc Trant's Eclipse beat E. Bau
ineister's 'Var Cloud.
Second round— Galivant beat Empress; St.
Helen beat Gallant: G!en Chloe beat Lady
Hugo; BJack Bess beat Winning Ways: Rock
Island Boy beat Nellie B; St. Oran b-at Prim
r> --: Forgive teat B-il- of Anderson: Lir»»ny I
Bell beat Crosepatch; Lady Herschel beat Flora j
ilc-EVonald: St. Elmo beat Arab: Wild Traiee j
beat Las Pa'.rr.as: Morning Glory b^at Eclipse. 1
Third round— St. Heien beat Galivant; Gien
Chloe beat Black Be«s: St. Oran beat Rock
Island Boy: Liberty Bell beat Forrive: Laly
Herschel bt-at St. Elmo; Morning Glory beat
Wild Tral^e.
: ■
■ -■
:ng at Union Park.
.'-cc will
- < to 1
■
Reserve Hake. 56 entries— W. C. G'.ass:>n'»
Terronlte vs. R. E. de B. Lcpez's Sar.ta Rita;
P.. Attridjre's Masterpiece vs. J. Kerrigan's
Princes? Royal: D. Ford's Juanlta vs. T. E.
McEldOWTi«y"i R'.eht Rower: Handy & Smith's
T«rrcna vs. Locke & Lyons' Moloch; M. Lon
don'e Magnetto vs. S. E. PortaJ's Laurelwood:
T. Kelly'" Wildwood vs. Steri <St Knowles'
Was-: J~. Dean's Gallant vs. R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Wadena.: H. Moelma's Je«e Maid vs.
W. C. Glasson'B Borders Valentine; M. Micha
lek's G!en Roy vs. J. Jones" Moonl'.Jrht: Court
ney & Hires' Douglas vs. J. Kerrigan's Lair
Blanche; H. H. Grey's Terror.ette vs. J. Dean's
Isel> of Anderson; I. T. Haitcn's Tic Tac vs.
J. Dennis' October Woodcock ; P. J. Reiily's
Wandering Tom vs. E. Wilson' 8 Magnet:
Handy A- Smith's Ida vs. Pasha Kennels' Road
Agent; R. E. da B. Lopez's Wlnooa vs. H. W.
Kike's Decorator: Aer.eid Kennels' Maid of
K.-:n vs. D. For-i's Bor.lta: J. J. Keenan's
Royal <">ak vs. Kay & Trant's Ellipse: J. J.
Ketrr.an'p Fear Xot vs. Locke & Lyons' Dicic
L: F. Price's Mad^e Wildfire vs. George La
hiwen'g Firebail: J. M. Wyaifs Hazel vs. J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael: J. Pegg-erscn's White
Chief vs. Ed Wilson's Magr.esia: F. A. Mc-
Coxnb'i One Spot vs. M. Michalak's Scot Free;
J. Jones' Gallvar.t vs. Gus> Videau's Rey Al
fonso: J. Dennis' The Devil vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb'a Bonnie Scotland: Aeneid Kennels' But.
terseotch vs. A. L. Austin* Firm Foe; T. Sul
livan's Maid of the Hill vs. F. J. Fulton's
Fans Soud; V. Guerna's SllT.ce vs. P. Mc-
CaV. Sky 81-j*: E. M. Elkus' Telephone
Belle vs. 11. B. Kavanach's Hard Ltr.es.
GUEEN OF TENNIS COURTS.
Juliette F. Atkinson Retains the
Tennis Championship.
CHICAGO. Sept. ■».— By defeating M:
Myrtle McAter of Pittsburg, in the
championship round of the women's
western championship tennis tourna
ment at Kenwood Country Club to-day.
Miss Juliette F. Atkinson of Brooklyn re
tained her title of Champion of the West
In singles. The p!ay throughout was ex
citing and brilliant. The first set was
■well contested. Miss McAter winning by
a score of j — 6. It took ■ teen games
to decide the second set. In this set Miss
McAter let down in her game somewhat,
while her opponent improved. With the
score at S — all. Miss Atkinson made an ex
tra effort, taking the set by the score of
10 — 8. Miss McAter was somewhat weak
in the th.rd set. which went to Miss At
kinson by a score of C — i. Although Mips
McAter made a plucky attempt "to win
the fourth set her efforts counted for
nothing, as Miss Atkinson improved
steadily and allowed her opponent only
two games, winning the set. 6—2, and thY
match by the scores, 6— S, 10—$, e_j 6—2*
By winning this match Miss Atkinson
becomes the permanent possessor of the
championship cup, which she has won
twice.
McFarland Wins a Handicap.
NEW N . - - ■
• races at
• - lay. In the mil< i
■ ' :"ar!ai:d o: -
• - m scratch and
■
Kizn
le Half a r
•
I Or., whose handicap
f Kimbie at the
mm. try:
•-rr.iie professional, open— J. F. Fish-
Orlando Bl
thour. At
third; Floyd McFarland. San.
f rtl T
nal, handicap — Floyd
■■ ■ X
• -rh). second; H. B
I rtland : >-ard»). third; Fisher,
go (20 yarrt?'. fourth. Time, 2:02.
High Jtimp Record Broken.
v YORK, i^ept. L— At the pamee of
LtboUc Association of Red
Park. N. J.. to-day
■ -r of Long Branch beat :he
..-.ding high jump record, clear
.. -• 4 inches. The record
.. hes, was made by
ugo. Bernard J. We
fera tried to beat the world's 100-yard and
nj records, but the beet he could
. - ? 4 and 23 3-5 seconds for the
•:ve dlstfc :.
Loner Throw of a Hammer
; Bept. 4— At the field day of the
[rish Athletic Association at Oak
lift] r.ey broke the professional
for the one-handed 56-pound
t throw, landing it 30 feet 7 inches,
three feet better than the l>est pre
vious throw. \
BASEBALL— OakIand Defeats Santa Cruz
COURSING— Hares too Strong for Hounds
YACHTING— Shamrock Takes a Trial Spin
HARPER'S FINE
PITCHING WINS
THE BILL GAME
Was Too Clever for
Beachcombers.
■* "i •
Oakland 3. Santa Cruz 1.
When the Dudes go down to Santa
j Cruz next Saturday to resume play with
! the Beachcombers, they will have five
': games to their credit out of a series of
! nine played In this city. The trick was
i done yesterday afternoon in a fairly mi
i terestine game before a good-sized crowd
'by a score of 3 to L The Crabs did net
j score until the ninth, when Drennan came ,
j home on an excusable error of Dunieavy.
I who made a hard run for Clark's hit to
i center. Morrow and ■.-■■■ on the
; bases with two men out when Ai ties
i went to the bat. but the latter was re
j tired at first on an easy drive to Franks
Harper's pitching was too much for the
I Beachcombers, who failed to connect at
! the proper time with hi? masterly de
' livery Not a single Lobster was given
! first base on called balls, while several o^ ,
i the Dudes were presented with tne initial :
i tag by Andrews. Harper struck seven ;
men out and Andrews had but two to his j
'credit. Hammond's catching was a lea- ,
ture of The game, and he supported Har
per in good style.
In the fifth Schmeer's long hit to center j
for two bas*s brought Hammond I
and Franks home, which completed the
Dudes' score of three. In the fourth
Schmeer made a phenomenal stop of
Streib's terrific drive to short, forcing
Dalrymple out at second. In the same
inning Schmeer went to first on what I
seemed a poor decision by O Connen. |
Moskiman attempted a sacrifice, but beat I
the bunt out. while Schmeer went to sec- I
ond. --..-■ his obituary at third,
however, after Harper flew to Arrelanes.
There was soi dissatisfaction exhibit
ed by the spectators over several of ;
O'Conbeirs decision?, but as little or no I
opposition was interposed by the players
themselves it i? safe to say that the de
cisions were fair. The score Is:
OAKLAND.
AB. P. BH. SB TO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 1 6 1! 0 0
Hammond, c i : 0 0 S 1 •'
Handle, rf 3 0 0 0 v 0 0
Frank... 2b 2 1 0 0 3 2 0
Pur.'.eavy. cf 4 110 2 0 1
Lance. Sb 4 .0 0 0. 1 1 0
Sohmeer. b. a 3 .0 - 0 0 4 0
MoaMman. : ' 2 f> I 0 2 0 0
Harper, p 3 C 0 ] 1 6 U
Total. : ; M.Wiil
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PC. A. E.
William*. ?b 3 0 10 : 4 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 C 0 0 2.20
Daln-mrle, If 4 0 1 0 4. 0 0
Ptr.lb.ib.. 4 0 0 0 ? 0 0
Prennan. cf 4 1 1 0 4 0 0
nark, rf : 0 10 10 0
Morrow, c 4 0 1 0 1 - 1
ArreJanes. s. c . 0 0 0 111
Andrews, p 3 0 1 _1 _0 _1 J
Totals S3 "l 1 7 24 10 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Crux 000 0 0000 —
Ra*e hlu 0 10 10 10 1 2— «
Oakland 0 10 0 2 0 0 0 •— 3
Base hit! 01021100 •— 5
SVMMART.
Two-base hit?— Dunieavy, Schmeer. Sacri
fice hit?— 'WillSams. Hardie, Moskiman. First
base en error* — Oakland 2. Santa Cruz 1. First
bas* on called balls — Oakland T. Left on ba-«e«
— <~>aklar.d S. Santa Cruz T. Struck out— By
Andrews 2. by Harper T. Hit by pitcher— !
Franks. Clark. Passed ball— Hammond. Time ]
of pame — One hour and forty minutes. Ur- j
pire— O'Connell. Official scorer— J. W. Staple
ton. _________»«_—
MARIN LINKS ARE
GAY WITH GOLFERS
Miss Goodman and Baron J. H. yon
Schroeder Win the Competitions
in Driving.
Yesterday was a busy day on the links
of the San Rafael Golf Club. From an
early hour In the morning till late in the
afternoon play went, on continuously. The
ever 1 - were the first rounds of the Coun
cil Cup and Ladies' Cup competitions,
and competitions in driving and ap
proaching: for men and women. The
Council Cup competition is at eighteen
holes, match plays. The following are
the scores made in the qualifying rounds,
at eighteen holes, medal play, which were
held during the two weeks preceding the
3d inst: E. J. McCutchen, 107; C. P. Eells,
123; . .-. H. O. Howitt. 124; Baron J. H.
yon Schroeder, 126: R. Oilman Brown. 129;
Clement Arnold, 131; .- H. Boardman. 132;
C. P. Poroeroy. 12$; J. J. Crooks, 143;
George Heazleton, 143; Dr. Dennis Arn
old, 145; — Tompkins, 151; W. L« Gerstle,
154; E. M. Greenwav, 157, H. Boimtag 100;
W. G. Curtis. 167; M. L. Gerstle, 168. The
first eight of the foregoing were entitled
to lay in the first round of the Council
Cup competition, the results of which
were as follows: R. Gilman Brown beat
Clement Arnold 3 up and 2 to play; Baron
J. H. yon Schroeder beat Dr. H. O.
Howitt 5 up and 4 to play: E. J. MC-
Cutchen won from S. H. Boardman 4 up
and 3 to play, and C P. Eellfl defeated C.
P. Pomeroy 3 up. On Saturday R. Gil
man Brown will be matched against
Baron J. K. yon Schroeder and E. J. Mc-
Cutchen will play against C. P. Eells. The
winners In these two matches will play
in the final round.
The following scores were made in the
qualifying rounds, nine holes, medal play,
held prior to the 3rd inst., for the Ladies'
Cup: Miss Mary McCalla, 77; Mrs. R.
Gilman Brown, SO; Mrs. F. S. Johnson, 80;
Mrs. F. H. Green, 91; Mrs. Kautz. ?2;
Mrs. W. L. Gerstle, <•«; Mrs. J. J. Crooks,
S3; Miss Grace Hecht, 105. These eight
ladies played in the first round, at nine
holes, match play, for the Ladles' Cup.
with the following results: Mrs. F. H.
Green defeated Mrs. F. S. Johnson 2 up;
Miss Mary McCalla beat Mrs. W. L.
Gerstle 6 up; Mrs. R. Gilman Brown won
from Miss Grace Hecht 5 up and 4 to
play, and Mrs. J. J. Crooks beat Mrs.
Kautz 1 up. On Saturday Mrs. F H.
Green will play against Mips Mary Mc-
Calla and Mrs. Gilman Brown will try
conclusions with Mrs. Kautz. Th<- two
winners will compete in the final round
The men's driving competition was won
by Baron J. H. yon Schroeder with a
drive of 142 yards clear carry against the
wind; L. A. Wright second. 132 yards-
S. H. Boardman third, V.-' yards' and
Clement Arnold fourth. 12s yards. Other
entries were E. M. Greenwav, — Warner
R. Gilman Brown. W. L Gemle Lieu
tenant T. G. Roberts, C. P. Eells' E J
McCutchen. Baron Alexander yon Schroe
der. C. P. Pomeroy. W. M. O'Connor. J.
J. Crooks, George Heazleton and Dr
Dennis Arnold.
The foregoing also entered the men's
approaching competition, which was from
a distance of 115 yards over a net on to
the home green, the net being about
35 yards from the cup. Each competitor
had five shots, the average of the best
three over the net being taken. Baron
Alexander yon Schroeder won, being the
only competitor who lofted three balls
over the net. Hit. distances were 11- feet
3 inches, 112 feet 5 Inches, and 70 feet, riv
ing an average of 100 feet 6 2-3 inches. The
distances of Baron J. H. yon Schroeder's
two shots were GB feet 9 inches and 74
feet 9 inches, or an average of 71 feet 9
inches: K. Oilman Brown's two shots
were distant S4 feet and 9 feet 6 inches;
E. J. McCutchen's two were 34 feet 2
inches and GO feet; and Lieutenant T. G.
Roberts' was 40 feet 10 inches from the
cup with one shot and 67 feet with an
other.
The ladies' driving competition was won
by Miss Goodrin with a drive of 144 yards
2 feet with the roll: Mrs. R. Gllman
Brown drove 139 yards; Mrs. F. S. John
son 134 V* yards, and Mrs. F. H. Green 129
yards. ' Other entries were Miss Therese
C Morgan, Miss Mary McCalla, Mrs. J.
j' Crooks, Mrs. Kautz, Mrs. W. L. Ger
stle end Mrs. Denis Donohoe.
The ladies' competition, In aproaching
THE SAE FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
"REGULARS" WIN OUT
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
-Y^ EMBERS of the Olympic Club ■
111 "P u l ed off" their annual election
111 yesterday without police lnterfer
-I*l ence. There were no prelimln- '
* * aries. Time was called for the '
main event at 2 o'clock in the afternoon,
and although it was hammer and tongs
from the start there was no let-up until j
9 o'clock, when the "regulars" were given
the decision on points as against the
"members," the board of directors elected
being: William Greer Harrison, presi
dent: Henry R. Mann, vice president; J.
J. H&ssell." secretary; Henry B. R.uss,
treasurer: John A. Hammersmith, leader;
George James, captain; J. C. B. Hebbard, •
Harry V. sdeil, John Elliott, 08.
Burns and William D. Shea.
Both the regulars' and the members'
tickets were headed by William Greer
Harrison, and each contained the names
of nine other candidates on the other. On
one. only they differed. For secretary on
the regular ticket was printed the name
of J. J. Hassell, secretary of the Wine
makers' Corporation, who was treasurer
of the Midwinter Fair. On the members'
ticket was the name of John A. Mallon,
head bookkeeper for the Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
Around the heads of Mail on and Hafsell,
with their names as rallying cries, raged
the fiercest kind of a contest. Neither of ;
Q-»— 's— ♦—s—♦— ?—♦—■*►— ♦—*s•-♦— 4— ♦■—:•—♦—:♦—♦—• (
the candidates took active '.n the
their friends were moet active in
• behalf. There were ISOO votes to be
had and coats were taken off and sl<
rol!e<I up in herculean efforts to get them.
them.
rers of JM a. admit I they
were at somewhat of a disadvantage fr>>m
......
•
. -. -• '
•.her selections, had chosen
Then,- again. Mallon had not shied his
castor into the ring until long after Has-
BeU had been nominated. On two things
• did they depend for success— the
rlty of their candidate.
- fully admitted by the Hassell
: miliarity with
urn, in Ms
the cream of th( City Hall
•■push" and many of the popular young
men about town.
Under Sheriff Dave Martin flew two
n streamers from his lapel and
work^ industriousiv for his candidate.
"It's good practice, he said, "for the
coming municipal election."
Jack Gieason was there and Frank
• putting In their best licks for the
red entry from the telephone
:' • There were others I I i nu
mention, all extending the glad
right mitt.
For Hasse'.l there wa= no lack of sup
port. Leo Pockwltz. who Is "s>">me few
himself" when it comes to such an oc
casion, was early on deck. He was ably
supported by Theo Hard^e. who wears his
fax?-? decollete, !:ke his candidate.
The inspectors of election were N. A.
was from a distance of seventy-five yards
over the net. Each competitor had live
shots, the average of the best three over
the net being taken. Mrs. F. H. Green
■won her distance for three shots being
2<. feet 5 Inches. 78 feet 6 Inches and 93
feet 9 inches, or an average of 67 feet 11
leches Miss Goodwin's three shots were
t 63 feet 10 inches and 72 feet 10
Inches, giving an average of 6$ feet T
lncHes. Miss Mary McCal'a lofted one
ball over the net, which came to rest SO
f^et 5 Inches from the cup.
FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN.
'/nV V//^| a y<
Hewson. E. F. F^ntreps and H. S. Rum
The Australian system of balloting was
used, with a financial attachment, con
sidered by regulars and members alike !
the greatest leature of the day. G. 1).
Hibbard. the club collector, placed It in |
the main hallway on a table next to the |
mailed man with the poleax. and allowed •
no member to vote who had not --aid up j
all his back dues. Money fairly rolled*
into the treasury. Three hundred and?
forty votes were cast during the after
noon and evening: and every mother's son j
was compel to dig down Into his cas- !
simeres before he could exercise the fran
chise.
- Even this feature of the election did not
deter voters, as during the first hour )
more than a hundred of them had paid j
down their coin and deposited their bal- !
lots. The late "boss." gam Ralney. was !
among the first, and from the familiar j
nod he pave Under Sheriff Martin It was I
surmised he bolted the regular ticket and
voted for Mallon. "Pop" Sullivan and j
Charlie Bacon dropped in, deposited their
ballots and dropped out. Colonel Brady
pa«sed swiftly through to the swimming
tank, gave one terrified look at more
water than he ever drank In his life and
fled back again to the street.
A few legal lights shone on the scene
about 3:30 o'clock. Henry E. Highton. j
who is an ardent Olympian, deposited his
ballot as gracefully a? the other athletes. !
Frank Kelly did likewise, lingering !
around afterward until the Under Sheriff
tried to pin a badge on his coat.
"For heaven's sake, don't," whispered
another friend of Mallon, catching Mar
tin's arm. "They'll say we're railroad !
If you do. and that will cook our goose." l
Martin didn't
I
Clement Arnold played remarkably well
In the competition for th« Council Cup.
He is a boy cf 15 years, and. though
matched against R. Oilman Brown, one
of the -■■ gst players In the San Ra
fael Golf Clud. he tlc-d with him on the
first round and on the second round was
beaten 1 up. The match was won by R.
Gilman Brown at the sixteenth hole, the
■core being 3 up and 2 to play in his fa- :
•■ - Th< seventeenth and eighteenth holes
were played out and. both being taken by
Clement Arnold, the score for the
I About 4 o'clock many anxious inquiries
were made concerning the whereabouts
of Jimmy Coffroth. a strong admirer 01
Mallon. He was nowhere to be seen, and
messengers were dispatched to scour
the town. At 4:30 he had not arrived, and
at 5 the Mallonites were in despair at his
absence. Suddenly through the main door
shot the figure of the missing man. The
white fleurs de Ms on the red band of his
straw hat were obscured by dust, there
was the red mud of Marln on his shoes
and the bottoms of his trousers were
rolied up for a deluge in dear old Lan
non. He was out of breath, but man
aged to explain between gasps that he
had been chasing "tibs" at Tiburon and
had missed the 1 o'clock boat by just a
minute.
He was forgiven and buckled down to
■w- rk with a will. The drooping spirits
of the Mallor.ites took new courage, and
the bat:'.-- waxed fierce and closer than
ever. Voting fell off before dinner, but
after that Important function, at which
the workers did not participate, it m
sed apace. At a few minutes to 9
o'clock, the hour set for closing the polls,
was a fair sized crowd in line for
the ballot box, the approach of others up
the street being heralded by pickets out
side. SI Green had a tough run up hill
to make it, but he did. Bert Nason tried,
but failed, the judges dropping the dis
tance flag on him just as he entered the
door.
The secrecy nf the ballot had been so
• y maintained that no one made any
pretensions as the polls closed to knowl
edge of the way things had gone. All
agreed that it would be a close thing.
The inspectors soon settled the question.
At 9:3f> o'< lock they announced that 340
tfl had been cast. 19S for the regular
ticket. 131 for the members" ticket, on
which appeared the name of Mallon. and
11 not counted by reason of lack of mark
ing.
The announcement of the result was
plainly pleasing to the Hapsellites, and
• ken with as good grace as possible
by the friends of Mallon. who took some
• in calling attention to the vote
polled by their candidate, handicapped as
he had been.
The new officers will be Installed next
Monday evening.
eighteen ho'.es was only 1 up in favor of
R, Gllman Brown.
Australia vs. England.
HASTINGS, England, Sept. 4.— ln a
cricket match here to-day between Aus
tralia and South of England the Austra
lians In their first Innings were all out
for a totaJ of 148 runs. This In the
last match which the visiting Australians
play on their present tour.
Early Indiscretions and excesses I
sooner or later rob a man of vigor and
result in a train of symptoms such as
Drains, Impotency, Lame Back, Xer- *
vousness. Varicocele, etc. The patient j
oftentimes, however, looks well and !
strong, his friends saying his complaint ■
is imaginary. They are wrong. They
are unjust. I have treated weak men, I
young and old, single and married, for i
30 years, and know what mental torture
some suffer. Reader, I wish you would ;
give me a fair chance. I wish you ;
would consider seriously what I am '
about to say. In the first place
I Never Use Drugs.
I couldn't give you medicines for weak-
ness and be honest, because they only '
stimulate. They don't cure. It seems
so strange that people will hesitate to
take advantage of a great natural rem-
edy like electricity — a remedy recogr- i
is i:
HO T A SANnFN 18 THIRD STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
l/IY» If iii ijiiill/JL/l"« OfiM H«rt-« to 6. Btmd» r ». 11 Ul.
Sports
SHAMROCK ON
A TRIAL SPIN
OFF NEW YORK
Tests Her Speed in
American Waters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— The Shamrock
spread her wings for her first practice
ir. American waters to-day and every one
who saw her move said she was very fast,
It was about 11 o'clock when the trial
was started and between 3 and 4 when it
was over. Sir Thomas L,ipton, Mr. Fife,
the designer of the Shamrock, and Mr.
Ratsey were aboard the Shamrock. Cap
tain Archie Hogarth and his assistant.
Captain Bob Wringe. steered the yacht
alternately. She sailed over the regular
cup course, starting from the Scotland
lightship, making; for the Long Island
shore, then back to the New Jersey '•hore
and then back to the starting point.
Aside from the Shamrock and her escorts
there were no boats down there except
the press boats.
After the trial the Shamrock with her
tender anchored in the H< raeshoe, where
they will remain until after the races are
v,r. The Erin, with Sir Thomas Lipton
aboard, will probably stay at Sandy Hook
until "W ednesday, when she will bring her
owner to Tompkinsville. There will be
another trial to-mcrrow with the Sham
rock carrying the same spars but another
Bel : sails.
The only unusual incident of the ir.p
was the passing of the Shamrock and tne
ocean liner City of Rome, which was in
coming. This occurred when the Sham
rock had started on her trial and was
about four ml'.es off Sandy Hook. The
steamship saluted the Shamrock with her
siren whistle and dipped" her colors. The
passengers were all crowded to the side
and gave the Shamrock a hearty cheer.
NEWPORT. R. 1., Sept. 4.— ln to-day's
race, the second and last of the official
trial races for the settlement of a de
fender of the America's cup. the Colum
bia again demonstrated that she is the
superior of the Defender, the I^^s cham
by defeating her ten minutes and
■ Beconda over a triangular coarse in
an eight-knot breeze and a smooth sea.
The contest was a procession throughout,
wit] • ■ • Columbia leading at the start by
one and a half seconds and gaining on
every leg of the course.
The first leg was a reach from the start
ing line at Brentons Reef lightship, south
east one-half, east to a flag mark, a dis
tance of ten miles, and from the moment
the Columbia crossed the line she stead-
Qy sailed away from her rival, gybing
around the first mark three minutes and
thirty-six seconds ahead.
The second leg was also a reach, a lit
tle broader than the first, but even if the
Defender did not set her spinnaker a mile
from the turn she dropped two mil
and nineteen seconds more in the rur.
to the second mark.
The third leg of the triangle was almost
a dead beat to the finish, the two
making a long hitch clear up to the Nar
ragansett shore. The Columbia made
two other short tacks before she reached
the line, but the Defender, by holding
longer in-shore. managed to reach the
lightship without another tack. Still the
Columbia gained, showing that with
sheets close hauled she is the fastest
American sailing yacht afloat. On this
East leg she added four minutes and
twenty-two seconds to her lead, making
a total for the entire course of ten min
utes and seven seconds.
There will be no more official races,
that of to-day settling conclusively in the
minds of the committee which of the two
boats is better fitted to meet the Sham
rock.
The cup committee is permitted to de
fer naming the cup defender until a week
prior to the date of the first cont-st. and
therefore the decision was not made pub
lic. Of course there Is not the slightest
doubt that the Columbia will be the craft
chosen.
What all the yachtsmen would like to
see Is a contest between the boats when
they could carry only their lower sails.
On the run of the New York Yacht Club
from this point to Vineyard Haven
during the recent cruise, in a half gale
the Defender practically defeated -he Co
lumbia on time allowance, and there are
to-day many who think that the old boat
is the faster in a stiff breeze. On the
run to the Vineyard the Columbia had a
pine mast, which no doubt handicapped
her to some extent, and what remains to
be seen Is whether she Is improved in
heavy weather by the steel mast as much
as she is In moderate breezes.
The Columbia's mainsail fitted a little
better to-day than it did on Saturday, due
no doubt to the stretching it received ia
the first trial race aaid the subsequent
hauling out on the boom and gaff. Still,
there is an opportunity for much improve
ment, as there is a curl to the leach that
some of the yachtsmen do not like.
There will be a race to-morrow morning
between the Columbia and the Defender
for a cup offered by William Goddard of
Providence, Mr. Iselln's father-in-law.
The reason for holding this race is to try
a new and lighter weight mainsail on the
Columbia.
The official summary of to-day's race
follows:
Start— Columbia. U:X4f; Defender, l: 26:22.
Finish— Columbia. 2:43:33; Defender, 2:53:53.
Elapsed time — Columbia, 3:1T:24; Defer.der,
S:?T:31.
So the Columbia won by 10 minute* 7
seconds, actual time, in a race of close to
thirty-three miles, for about three miles
must be added for the windward work
sailed in the last leg of the course. There
fore the Columbia averaged ten mile* an
hour for the entire distance.
Flanaean Makes a New Record.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— At the Knicker
bocker Athletic Club's Labor day carnlv*!
of sports at Bayonne. N. J.. John Flana
ean, the world's champion hammer
thrower, made a new world's record from
the nine-foot circle, which 1? known as the
Irish style. He threw the missile 164 feet
5 Inches, eclipsing the previous world's
record of 164 feet made by T. F. Keely a
few weeks ayo at Limerick, Ireland.
nized and recommended by scientists
the world over. I use it, and cure 95
per cent. I am the inventor of the
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
The great weak man's home self-treat-
ment, with which during the year IS9B
I cured over 6000.
It gives a current of electricity In-
stantly felt by wearer, and can be made
mild or strong by using regulator at-
tachment. Put it on when you go to
bed and wear it over night. Keep this
up a while and live to bless the day you
read this advertisement.
Drop in at my office and consult me
free, or write for my little book, "Three
Classes of Men, " sent in plain sealed
envelope, free. It explains all. Xo
charge for services. All correspondence
answered by me personally. Write or
call to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If a patient has any doubt
about being cured he may Cejx MX
the price of a cure in any bank m
San Francisco, to be paid to IJR.
METERS & CO. after he la en-
tirely well. If it is not con-
venient to do this payments may
i be made in weekly or monthlj in-
stallments.
You can get some ra!\:abi9 in-
formation in regard to your ail-
i ment by having a talk with these |
able specialists, even i: you do
I not take treatment, as they never
1 charge for consultation or ad-
| vice.
IN CURED
1 [| J DR. MEYERS <£ CO. CURE
Lost Vigor, Premature Decay.
Unnatural Losses, Wasting j j
Drains, Nervous Debility, Strict- [
ure, Rupture, Tumors, Varico-
cele. Private Diseases, Eczema, .
Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rfieuma- '
tism.Neuralgia. Kidney Diseases.
Bladder Diseases. Spine Dis-
eases. Liver Diseases, Hear
Diseases, Blood Diseases, Skin
Diseases, Stomach Diseases, E)*e
Diseases. Ear Diseases, Lu.ag
Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
Most physicians charge tram I-
to 15 for advice. DR. METERS *
CO. give It free. Most physi-
cians either charge an exorbitant
price fcr •Hi ln»a or send their
patients to a high-priced drug
store, where a commission of 50
per cent is paid to them on all
1 their prescriptions. DR. MET-
ERS & CO. resort to natther of
these unprofessional and unfair
methods. They furnish from
i their own private laboratory all
' the necessary medicines, appli-
ances, etc.. without any cost to
! the patient whatever.
DR. MEYERS CO.
731 Market St., S,F.,
' Take Elevator to Third Floor.
There are men Jn every city,
town and school district
| throughout .the "West who have
been cured by DR. METERS' suc-
cessful HOME-CURE system. Al-
though it i? preferable to see the
patient in many instances, it is
not always necessary.
If you cannot call write for pri-
vate book, diagnosis sheets, free
advice, prices and other' particu-
lars. ' Correspondence solicited.
' ' All letters confidential. Xo
printing on envelopes or packages
j to indicate name of sender.
I ._
"" I
i ; _^ -. —
♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©^©^©♦©^©♦©♦©♦©♦o«>
fVIEHY JSJEALTHFUUf
* Of A Natural Mineral Water 5
♦ fHH with iredicinal qualities, o
o l^a **" k^s*^- 03 and °
o 4IP<SI Stoaiaoh Disorders, 6
I ig|lk So-caned VICHY I
% gaßßi in SIPHONS %
ipHj!^- 7 VICHY
*■ p^Hplf Get the Genuine %
° A. VICNIER, Distributing: Agent *
♦O«O*O*O*O*O4O^O*O*O*<5*O#O«
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for ih»
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong rink.
\\y. ABA.VTEE FOIR BOXES
to care any case with a positive written a*nar-
ante* or refund the money, and to destroy Uio
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTBftUC flDHiy cansea 3H»» rr. Poverty
flU no UnlN&and Death. Cpon receipt
TISO-'X) T? will mall yon lour [4] boxes and posl-
.lre written grmrante» to cure or refund
onrnioner. Sine!** Nrr»« *^r»0.
GEORGE DAHLBEN'DER & CO.. Sol* Art«.,
Zli Kearr.y Ft . San Francisco.
PSSSDR. BALL'S BEINYiaORAIOS
BHilTfiS Five hundred reward for any
ffH ■ Ia BI ca3e we cannot core. ThU secret
r{ *-. i) remedy etopa all losses in 34
'JSP tours, cures Emissions, Impo-
nnfl *?tf tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
■jiij U!4L' Gleet- Pita Strictnres. Lost
SSm fWv' Manhood and all wasting effect*
- — — I__ ' of «elf -abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. t> bottle; 3 bottle*. SS; guaranteed to
cur* aajr case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cai. Ai»o
lor aal* at 10734 Market St., S. F. All prtvatt
diseases qulckiy cored. Send (or free boo*.
0000000000000000 OO
I^.P PALACE **?%
%CRAND 9 %
a BAH FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered paam«ww«jr> **
O 1400 Rooms— 9OO wih Bath Att«cr»4. »
O Ail Under One M^nas«meßt. O
O • HOTB TES PRICKS:*" . O
O Eu7op«anPlan.f 1.00 per day and npwara O
American Plan. s3.OO per day and upward
V Clvii —in solioit*d. - .- 9
O JOH>" C. KIRKFATSICS, Xftafcgtr. O
000000000000000000
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ,
SANTA .CRUZ, CAL.
* First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel is located on, the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, fl to 12 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON",
KM Montgomery St.
Weekly Call $1.00 per Year
56
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 5, iSoo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE McrKat and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone ila^n ISSS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telepfcoar Main ISM,
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
S!r.p> Copies. 5 cents.
Terrr,« by Mail. Inc'.-Jdir.s: --.aft.'-.
I -AII.T CALX, (including Sunday Cull), one year 9«.O0
I\:i.Y CAUL (Including Sunday Call). C months S.OO
DAILY CALX, (Ir.cludir.s Sunday Call). 5 caonths .... 1«><»
DAILY CALL— By Single Mbntfl " >o
FIN'DAY CALL -• Year *-*»V
WEEKLY CALL One Ytar 1 - UO
AH postmasters are authorised to receiv. lubscriptlons.
Sample copies *!il be ferwanieJ when rw;uf sted.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broad
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Forcifcn Advertising, Morquette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS <JR 20 Tribune Building
CHICAGO .NEWS STANDS.
Fr»rma.n House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremcr.: Hcus«: Auc::oiiucn HotPl.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
V.- a ;<J->rf-A!<t rU Hie, A. Breataoo, II Union Square;
iTurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clcy.
open until 9:30 o'clocK 300 Hayes street, open until
9.30 O'clocK 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 LcrKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocß.
IS4! Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK 22C" Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
ttreet. open uijtil 9 p'clocK- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AJnrSEXENT&
Columbia— "The Bfils."
C»rpbeurr.— Vaudeville.
Tl\ 11— "Rcmeo ani Jul!?t."
AJearar— "Cfcrlstofher Jr."
Grand Opera-hou»e— "El Capitaa."
Chute*, Z»jo and Frte Theater—' 1 - - every aJtemocn
ir.d evening.
Olyjnpia, corner >!a?t>n an 2 E".li* strsets— Spec title*.
Sntro Baths— Swirrm'.ng Races, etc.
Mechanics' PavlUoa^-Mecbanlcs' Fair ani Philippiae Ex-
hibit.
Shennan-Oajr Hall — Concert. Tharsday evening. --• ■ '-■ T.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. L."udertick— Tfcis 'lay. a: 2:30 o'clock. Persia
ir.i Turkish Ruirs, at UT Suiter street.
By Salllvan & Doyle— This Jay. at 11 o'clock, Ho-3es, at 1701
Harrison street.
By Earton, EMrWpe *.- Co.— Tuesday. September 12. at 15
o'clock. Rial Estate, a: ?2> Market street.
ZZ "i^^^^^^
A CENTER OF EXPRESSION.
OAKLAND has long been Known as me
Athens of the Pacific." Its Attic reputation
was not derived from the salt work? on the
hay beach, but from the number and excellence of
its schools. The State University, though located in
Berkeley, between the bay and Grizzly Peak, has been
claimed as really a suburban institution of Oakland,
and from that down to the ward school in which Pro
ftssor Markham writes the "Man With a Hoe"' ani
is the actual man with a rawhide who inculcates in
tellectual gunnery among the young, these schools
have enjoyed a reputation which justifies the nick
name.
That their work has not been in vain, nor the
Greek reputation of the city unjustified, is being
proved daily. Oakland has become the center of ex
pression. There have been extracted possibilities not
supposed to have existed in the English language.
No reference is made to the guild of Grecian orators
who have long spangled the air with figures of speech
so decorative that birds are charmed to the glowing
scene of their performance and bees gather honey
from the atmosphere sweetened by eloquence. There
is developed in Oakland another besides this high an
which converts speech into perfumery.
The city officers, chosen by the people, who live
and move and have their being according to the
scholastic canons, who increase in a geometrical ratio
and decrease, die and pass hence after the philosophic
rules set by Socrates, in their public exits and en
trances and their official forms of speech have re
newed the best traditions of the peripatetic school
and talk not only like books but like new books, as
new as those of the Elizabethan age were in their
time.
Recently the Assessor of this center of expression
was summoned to Sacramento to justify his official
judgment of valuations. The experienced tormentors
who compose the State Board of Equalization put
him on the rack and proceeded to extract perspira
tion from him by way of answer to their quiz. Pro
ceeding from one extreme of official curiosity to
another, they finally reached the limit of Attic en
durance, and the Assessor explained that the only
answer flowed from his pores, because "no live, liv
ing man could answer that question."
Put this beside St. Paul's "most straitest sect," and
Shakespeare's "most unkindest cut of all," and "Oh.
that this too. too solid flesh would melt," and it look
level into them all. Its antithesis, "no dead, dead
man," rises in immediate strength and fully equipped
for use.
The Assessor is not the only fountain and source of
expression. The Mayor of Oakland not long since,
desiring to avoid some asperity of feeling aroused in
the Auditor's office by a criticism of its chief, wrote
and published a letter in which the criticism of the
chief was admitted, but the admission was hand in
hand with the solemn declaration that the Mayor did
not have the Auditor in mind when he criticized him!
That alone was delicious, but after all it was merely
the honeycomb which contained the mayoral sweets
of expression, for he added. "In fact. 1 believe I may
say that I have almost said, perhaps mote than once,
that you were the best equipped man ever elected
Auditor."
Surely there is an expression that may go down in
the Auditor's family as an heirloom It i- an ex
pression that can no more be painted than the lily
nor gilded than refined gold.
Oakland. Felix! Happy Athens of the Pacific,
where such expression has become as natural to the
people as their songs to birds.
The .story of Adam and Eve and the fruit was re
versed the other day at Taunton, Mass., with disas
trous results. A young woman ate an apple given her
by her sweetheart. Ten minutes later she became
speechless and has so remained. What an ideal
mother-in-law she will make some day.
Two San Quentin convicts, insane as well as crim
inal, have resorted to the Kncipp cure. There is a
water cure, sometimes administered in the dungeon,
that might prove efficacious in modifying the perver
sity of the penitentiary enthusiasts.
HAWAIIAN GOVERNMENT.
THE public topic of greatest interest now is the
I ; >rm of government to be provided
for the tropical iucurabrances which have re
cently fallen into our possess]
The ( - tateraents made by all classes of lead
in Hawaii, whic '• in The Call last
..re a vhid revelal I the cond:
lie opinion in the islands regarding their future gov
isidei tions the prefer
ence is declared to be for a Terrii i " C! " a - c a
novitiate for complete statehc d It is g rail]
t the | - labor a: ". ts is I
and shon - - rhere is t\
■ • \$ meant I j all who spt ik of those contracts,
an I the erron< - n seems l b« entertained
that abolishing thai put the contract sys
tem in line \< r laws. If s "■ The
labor contract lav n 1804 had no penal clause,
but it pi • first ien upon t!ie real and personal
property of the contrart i to pay the cosi
The whole law iras finally repealed and
:.:ted by a statnl the importation of
labor under ntract The civil lien in the
as 1 ilogue of the penai clause in the
■ :an contracl h ■ s th< mean? of enforcing
the contract.
A- t :hc futui rin Hawaii, the interviews
present the issue in a form that will be found oi great
-:. Inasmuch as the United State-, and es
. the Atlantic seaboard States and interior, get
their labor from Europe '' mi igi ti n, it is held
! get theirs from Asia. For its
immediate source Japan and the Philippines are pre
ferred. This ] sition has decided strength derived
n the current cult that as our Atlantic coast face?
Europe and has there its trade and thence derives it?
I labor. «o the Pacific Coast, facing
od expecting its trade from there, should
thence derive its labor. This view is applied to the
Pacific islands, whose people declare that they have
no other source from which to recruit the only form
of labor that can be used in their industries. It is
natural and reasonable that such, expectations shall
go with the expansion and commercial policies now
■ in the minds of men on this side of the
■
The opinion is generally expressed on the island-.
and it is not by any contradicted, that white men can
not work in the leading industries, of Hawaii on ac
q climate. The productions of the islands
are tropical, and the labor that produces them must
•:'.i::ie to the climate in which they flourish.
The interviews betray a feeling of unrest at the
ious form of government now in existence.
soi . mplaints are made against the per
of that government 1 me demands are
made that r. fits members be recognize'
of the government to come.
The Call has now spread this information of the
opinions and aspirations of Hawaii before the Ameri
can public. Already it seems to have impressed the
President, who is reported to have declared for the
Territorial form t nt. Public opinion,
guided by this inform. be crystallized against
the time of action by Congi
Objections to putting the islands in line tor state
hood will arise in the fact that it will become a prece
dent for the Philippine-. Already the President
speaks of a Philippine government for "their period
of transition." While it is true that every argument
made for statehood to Hawaii will apply to the Phil
ippines, it is also true that there is widespread aver
sion to .-tatehood for the Philippines and citizenship
for the Filipino?. It will be regarded as an attempt
to put the whole expansion policy in line with our
constitul h contemplates no other extensi m
of our area except by the admission of new States
into the Union. The population of the greater part of
the Philippines, especially on Luzon. Panay, Xegros
«nd Cebu. is as well qualified, by civilization, citizen
ship. Christianity and education, for the duties of
statehood as that of Hawaii. This is not intended for
a certificate to the fitness of either. But the prin
ciple of civil equality throughout our jurisdiction is
believed to be the only one that can perpetuate the
republic.
The Briti c h colonial system, which has been studied
by our statesmen for application to our torrid posses
sions, is in accord with the British constitution, but
Hot with ours, and it is probable that the demand will
increase for a preference for our own institutions
rather than for those of Great Britain. In its final
analysis this will mean that we are to hold no terri
tory that cannot be adapted to our system and receive
pie that cannot, by reason of race, assimilate
with us. This is the crux of the whole issue. At the
root of it He the differences in physical conditions.
■ germinate the industrial problems which
penetrate the whole subject. If our labor laws, con
wages and regulations, extended to the
tropic-, make profitable production there impossible,
ions in the torrid zone will bring us no profit.
This. a<= we have heretofore shown, is the growing
shadow upon tropical ownership by Great Britain.
The most profitable labor system in the tropics is
slavery, the next is servile labor under penal
contracts, the last is free labor, under the eight hour
law and the American scale of wages. Great Britain
chattel slavery, but promotes servile labor un
der penal form";.
We have no doubt that if our labor laws and system
and wages are extended to Hawaii production will be
curtailed and its profits will cease, and the prosperity
of the islands will follow the same downward course
that has made of Jamaica an industrial wilderness.
There is, then, an irrepressible conflict between the
principles of our constitution and the interests of
those whose profits depend upon a labor system
suited to the torrid zone.
The revolution in San Domingo having ended in
hi*, favor, General Jimenes can leave his Cuban seclu
sion and accept the Presidency with all the satisfac
tion of a man who gets office without having had to
do any of the fighting for it.
THE CASE OF CAPTAIN CARTER
IZ^RANK P. BLAIR, attorney for Captain O. M.
Carter, convicted by court-martial of a scries of
grave offenses, among which was the robbery
of the Government of sums aggregating $1,720,000. has
made a statement to the press contradicting certain
reports concerning an affidavit filed with the Presi
dent, in the course of which he denies he ever
charged General Otis .vith subornation of perjury.
He assert! his affidavit goes no further than to show
prejudice on the part of the general. He then make?
tlii- strong statement: "I believe Captain Carter is
the victim of a conspiracy to degrade him. It is nn
An crican parallel to the Dreyfus case. The same gen
eral features are in both cases. The accusers and
l>rt secutors of Carter are of the general staff of the
army, as are those of Dreyfus. Jealousy and a de
liberate attempt to carry out the wishes of superiors,
1,0 pander to political influence, has actuated the ma-.
jority of men on the Carter court-martial."
By way of explaining why there should be a con
spiracy against Carter, Mr. Blair says: "Carter was
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, ISO 9.
Ed as a member of the Nicaragua Canal Commis
sion to investigate the exact conditions of the scheme.
He was selected because of his known engineering
ability. At the Ajrmy and Navy Club at Washington
he said he proposed to get at the bottom of the
schen c and show it up. He was then sent to Eng
land as military attache of the American Embassy.
On his return he was placed under arrest charged
with rauding the Government I believe that if he
had never announced his intention to prick the plans
promoters he would not have been accused."
The statements are sufficiently sensational to be in
teresting Of course allowance will be made for the
they are si I ts ol - : -. v lor l ' le
[ense. Nevertheless they promise to give rise to n
developments in the case. The conviction of Carter
was pronounced nearly a year and a half ago. The
court had been in session for four months and had
made investigations covering Carter's transactions in
connection with harbor improvements for nearly
rteen years, and it was after careful deliberation
upon the evidence the verdict of guilty was pro
nounced.
The public will be slow to believe there was any
conspiracy against the accused, or that the officers
the general staff oi the army would be the accom
plices : such a conspiracy. One feature of the case has,
however, been the subject of much comment. De
-5] • his conviction Carter has been enjoying his
erty and full pay. Xothing has been done to enforce
the judgment of the court. For that reason there has
been a widespread belief he has a strong backing
among men in power at Washington. Thus there ap
peared to be a conspiracy on his sine, and the allega
tion of a conspiracy against him adds to the interest
of the case. Certainly there is something extraordin
ary in thp situation. If Carter be guilty, why is he
not punished. If he be not guilty, why is he not
tted? Under the circumstances a revision of the
in an open trial would not be displeasing to the
public.
Emperor William lias established a precedent that
: ■ ople of this country might do well to follow,
als who voted against his pet canal bill have been
cut off the payroll. Similar treatment of the op
ponents of the Nicaragua canal project might hasten
on that great waterway.
Dv Paty de Clam seems to be the first of
the discredited French generals to indicate that he has |
still a shadow of decency. He has confessed that he I
- oun.drel.
EUROPEAN SUBSIDIES FOR SHIPPING. '
\A R. CHAMBERLAIN, United States Com
/ \ missioner of Navigation, direct? public at
* *■ teni ■■ more to the advantage given the
commercial marine of European nations by the lib
i cral subsidies granted them, ostensibly for carrying
! mail, but really for the purpose of enabling them to
extend the trade of their various countries. The
] theme is an old one and every argument relating to
it h; - gone over time and again, but until our
Government ha- been impelled to profit by the les
son it teaches it can never be repeated too often.
According to Mr. Chamberlain the most important
nil!' postal ■ • at this time are those of Great
Britain. Germany. France, Italy and Austria-Hungary
for mail service to the eastern coast of Asia, China,
Japan. Cochin-China, etc. These five nations spend
annually $4,500,000 for their mail lines to the east
coast of Asia. The United States, it maj be added,
for it.- Asiatic mails in 1897 paid Sj^.ooo to American
steamships and $14,000 to I tships.
That this sum expended annually in the name of
i postal contracts is noi designed for the purpose of
advancing mail facilities so much as for that of pro
moting commerce is made clear by Mr. Chamberlain's
demonstration that if rapid mail service were desiri i
'. it could be better obtained by promoting steamship
i lines to and from Amir pori the route aci
this continent is the quickest by which mail between
Europe and China can be carried. On that point ne.
says: "The establishment of a fortnightly American
service from San Francisco to Shanghai will bi
Berlin and Paris, not to mention British pom.
within twenty-eight or twenty-nine days of Shanghai,
and under favorable but not extraordinary conditions
; within twenty-seven days, while the best Briti-h
achievement and best German promise by subsidized
routes is now thirty-two days, and the average is
thirty-three or thirty-four.''
As a matter of fact the pretense that subsidies
granted to shipping arc designed lor mail facilities is
no longer kept up by any nation except Great Brit
ainn, and even there it deceives nobody. As the Coni
: missioner says: "The Peninsular and Oriental, North
German Lloyd, Messageries Maritimes, . Societa
Navigazione Italians and Lloyd Austriaco companies
are now backed up liberally by their respective Gov
ernments as a means of promoting trade, and es
| pecially export trade, in manufactured goods of Great
! Britain, Germany. France. Italy and Austria-Hun
gary with China and Japan. There is no effort at
concealing this fact in the reports of the companies
every year, and there is nothing discreditable about
it to conceal."
The nation whose ships can most cheaply carry
abroad the goods which foreign markets demand will
obtain the trade of those markets. The industries of
that nation will consequently be profitable. and flour
ishing, while those of othe^ nations lag for lack of
ability to >ell their products. At one time Great
Britain, by having almost a monopoly of the carry
ing trade of the ocean, became something like the
industrial center of the world and did an enormous
percentage of its manufacturing. By sagacious sys
tems of protection other nations built up manufac
turing industries of their own. which in time produced
an output greater than the local demand called for.
Then the French and the Germans began by subsi
dized ships to promote their foreign trade, with the
result that Groat Britain now finds them active com
petitors in all part.- of tin- world. '
The United States have reached a point where for
eign trade is necessary for the extension of their vig
orous industries. An American merchant marine
paying the high wages of American labor in ship
yards and on shipboard cannot compete against the
subsidized ships of other nations. It is time, there
fore, for our GoverniMol to learn the lesson the ex
perience of other countries has taught. With a lib
! eral policy of governmental aid to American shipping
industries there would be no need to undertake wa - s
and conquests for the sake of commercial expansion.
The married woman of Keswick who was nearly
blown out of her home by dynamite may entertain
more than ever pronounced opinions that the "blow
ing up" prerogative belongs exclusively to the fair
head of the house,
Chicago has turned up her nose at Kipling, holding
I that his work is too coar>e for Sunday-school library
circulation. Heaven help him if she ever turns up
the toes on her justly celebrated feet!
Admiral De.vey set foot yesterday on the rock of
Gibraltar. Numerous cases of heart failure may be
expected from Madrid for the next few day"
THE STUDENT VOLUNTEER.
By IDarvid Starr Jordan.
A Stanford boy not long ago in Germany walked
through a Franconian forest and found by the wayside a
{ young man a soldier in his first uniform, lying with a
broken head. Hehelped carry the boy to his peasant
home, and when his mother saw him bloody and insensible,
but alive, she thanked God that he was saved from the
army.
Better a broken cripple than a soldier against his will,
and on unwilling service rests the military glory of the
great powers of Bun ;■•■.
In the history of man, two Ideas have always barred
his progress. These are, first, that the individual man be
longs body and soul and prop* rty to the State, and second,
' that the State is the man or men who happen to be at
the head of affairs
"The State," said Louis XIV. "the State— that is I, the
King"; and at another time he wnrte: "The King does
| what he will"; and so, as the King is the State, the men
bekmgs body and soul and property to the King.
It was to protest against all this that the citizen sol
fiier arose; the soldier who wore his own clothes, not the
livery of any King.
The citizen soldier through the ages is the man who
fights wrong with eyes open. When the wrong is made
right, he goes home to his work, a soldier no longer, but
a man, and it is his greatest heroism that he comes back
a man unchanged by all that happens to him.
The citizen solder is as old as the struggle for freedom.
It is only such that have made war an instrument to
human progress. Oliver Cromwell was a citizen soldier
and Miles Standish and George Washington. The embat
tled farmers of Lexington, who "fired a shot that was
heard an-und the world," were citizen soldiers.
They stood for the right of manhood to manage its
own affairs, they turned their muskets against the i<i>-a
that the State owned them body and soul and property.
Tiny declared that George 111, his Cabinet and Parlia
ment, in whom they had no- part, nor lot, nor representa
tion, was not their State.
Cromwell's word on the statute book of Parliament
might have been their Declaration of Independence. "All
just powers, under God, are derived from the consent ot
the people."
The citizen soldier would not consent to injustice, and j
a !. fired that shot at Lexington.
It was the citizen soldier who died at Bunker Hill, who
starved and froze at Valley Furge, whose way was I
blocked at Stillwater, Long Island and the Brandywine,
but whose resolute persistence turned defeat into victory.
It was the citizen soldier who swelled the guerrilla bands I
of Marion and Sumter, who fell at Quebec and conquered
at Yorktown.
In like fashion, the citizen soldier an.-se again in 1861. '
In the South, at the call of his State, the State that be- I
longed to him; in thr. North, at the call of his Nation, the
Nation he had made. Not that Nation or State had owned
him and forced him forth from farm or shop. It was his'
State, and he swore that her soil should not be invaded.
It was his Nation, and he swore that her integrity "must
and shall be preserved." So Ninth and South alike it was
the citizen soldier, at Gettysburg and Shiloh, at Malvern I
Hill and the Wilderness, from the Potomac to the Chatta
hoochee, from the Brazos to the Cumberland.
Citizen soldiers were they all and when they came back
from Appomattox Courthouse, one and all, a'l that were
;■ • them went home to the plow, to the forge, the !
teacher's desk and the counting-house, to whatever place j
was left to them.
In the fighting South it was just the same as in the
North. When the cause was lost and its banner furled the I
men came home, the gray ghosts of all that had been
fairest and strongest in the South, and each took finally j
the place the Fates held '.pen— the place of citizens of the i
United states.
And ill" losl f State's rights merged into the I
greater cause of hu i I lorn.
There were noi many i ollege students in IT7H. but those
few madt the infant republic. The constitution was the
woik of the men of Harvard and Yale, of Columbia and ■
William and Mary. Since those days we have become a
nation of Btudents. What< ver • Ise America has done, she
is naming her young men and women. Her college men
aie the : :st "fall her citizens. Whatever else our uni
versities may be they are not asleep. They are keenly
awake to all thai takes place in the world around them.
It is said that in 1859, when Robert Lincoln entered
Harvard, bui one man in the college, Professor James Rus
sell Lowell, had cv i heard of his father, Abraham Lincoln.
Then our coll< aali •p. They dreamed of Olym
pus and babbled of Arcadia while the bad dragon devoured
th-ir land and their patrimony.
But soon came th< gi :at awakening. In IS6I the student
as born.
There is a long roll in Memorial Hall of the Harvard
men
Whose faith and truth
On war's :■ tonerangtrue metal,
Who v- ntured love and life and youth
!■"■ i tin great pi z> of «leath in battle.
This roil tells us that in '61 Harvard had heard of Lin
coln and ot all for which Lincoln stood.
ALL'S
CONTEMPORARIES
CONTINUE TO
COMMEND
THE GREAT SOUVENIR EDITION.
W i od land Democra t .
The demand for the souvenir edition of The Call, issuer! in honor of the return
of the California volunteers, v. i I Ing marvelous and unprecedented in the
history of California journalism. An edition of 100.000 extra copies was .xhausted
in three days, and of a second edition of 10,000 but few copies remain unsold.
Artistically and typographically it vas oik of the handsomest publications ever
issued in this State. Historically considered, it was a contribution to current lit
eratim- of great valui unt of its accuracy -and the graphic manner in
which til.- pan the California volunteers played in the Philippine campaign was
presented.
Calaveras Citizen.
All the papers of Pan Francisc • havi been publishing a lot of rot in the mat
ter of the reception home of the Firsi a, bui common justice demands
that The Call be given credit for the best work. Despite the bluster of the Ex
aminer xhe Call "scooped" it at every point, and throughout the brilliant recep
tion easily held its lead. The Call did, excellent work, and must have given Mr.
Hearst's vuung men several very bad huurs.
FAMILY REUNION AT
THE SPRECKELS HOME
A PLEASANT Evening was spent last
night at the Van Neaa avenue home
of Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels. It
was i» the nature of a family re
union, to which a few friends were In
vited to honor the sixty-ninth birthday
of Mrs Claus Sprecketa and to offer their
congratulations that after bo man/ years
  | lady still enjoys unlmp ■• I
health In the event there was ai
of f,,rn.alitv. Hlenda calling to express
sincerely their beat wishes and the mem
bers of the family seekinp to observe a
,;,,v of primary family Interest
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. B. BaJwett, n. prominent mining man
of Pasadi na, is registered at the Or ad
ay H. Ronrer, one of tire leading at
torneys of Fresno, is a guest at the
Grand.
Mr. anil Mrs. A. Boswell of Toronto
Can., art- among the recent arrivals at th.'
Palace.
Lieutenant and Mrs. h. C. Barnes have
come up from Pasadena, and are I
found at the Palace,
H. L. Johnson, accompanied by his
wife, has come down to i!ii- city from
Napa and is staying at the Lick.
Congressman Marion l)e Vrics is regis
tered at the Palace for a short visit to
tii city from his hojnc In Btockton.
John Vail, an extensive land owner and
well-known rancher of Marshfteld, Or., Is
one of the latest arrivals at the Ross,
W. H. Miller, a lucky Klomlikcr. with
several largo sacks of the precious dust,
registered at th.- Russ from Dawson.
Alexander Wallace and n. i". Ralston,
two travelers from Scotland, are among
the arrivals of yesterday at tli- Ps
O. M. Thumbcr. one <>f Chicago's lead
ing business men, and .). \\ Burkhard, a
mt-rchant and mining speculator of Bkag.
uay, are among those who arrived
Not alone from Harvard, but from every college Nort]
or South went forth the student soldier.
In every battle of the great war the college studer.
stood in the front on either side, and he fought as n
soldier ever fought before the battle of convinced right
eousness?. On the one side "a missile steeped ir. hate"; oi
the other a defender "of the poor and oppressed and wh
j are just as good as I or you and as precious in the sigh
i of God."
The college soldier is at once the best and the wnrs
| of all fighters. He is an intelligent unit of war, not .
j shooting machine. The great warriors of the past, th<
i Caesars and Napoleons, would have had no use for him
To them a man was a mere implement; no more '
of self-direction than the cartridge and of no more us
when exploded.
What, though the soldier knew
Some one had blundered;
Theirs not to reason why.
Theirs not to make reply.
This cheapening verse was n<n written of college m*n
When they know "some one has blundered" it is for thei
to help correct it. At the worst they must reason why
j have their own .'pinion r,f blunders and blunderers.
! other wurds they have heart and brains as part of th- -
i equipment If heart nnd brains are demanded. From th* r i
rank? rise war's football heroes, the Funstons and I:
'< volts, the men who can speak as well as fight and t
1 whom the people cannot choose but listen.
But folly and lncompetency, cowardice and pretend
find no rritics so severe as these same football heroes. The
wrong kind of captain dreads the college man, and th>
right kind, of course, delights in him.
The war for Cuban freedom touched the heart of th'
college man. In every company the university was repre
sented at Manila. There were perhaps lf.O from the col
leges of this coast. Sixty from Stanford, at any rate, be-
B the few who went from there to Santiago and an
other few who were stalled in thf- swamps of Tampa.
Of the eighty-five names on the roll of the fallen, ont
is from Stanford— Ralph Coates of Rohnervilie. Three an
from the University of California; one— Bruno Putzker ol
Berkeley — the son of an honored profess r.
All is well with America so long as the citizen soldier
alone can fight her battles. No honest nation ever had,
none needs and none can ever rightly use a mercenary
army. When America shall make war professional her
glory has departed, for a great army and a great n
never did and never can exist together. There can be i o
"government of the people by the people and for th
pie" when "the red-coat bully in his boots" shall "hide the
march of men" from us.
But the soldier of the republic has never yet been the
"bully in his boots," of whom Thackeray wrote. Hia
movement is part of the march of men itself.
One word more. The citizen soldier costs the nation
as no other soldier does. The citizen is part of society,
with the dependence of love and helpfulness. When he
falls on the field ot battle he does not die alone. The
bullet speeds to his home, to his wife, his sweetheart, hi 9
mother, his children. The soldier of fortune has no in
cumbrances. Nobody owns him. He owns nobody. He
lives and dies for himself. The soldier of the republic d!"s
twice and more than twice — in his home, in his hopes, in
the hopes of others.
And this is not all: only the beginning. The Htiz-n
soldier is the best of citizens. It is from his loins that the
better citizenship of the future should come. When he
dies before his time the stock of manhood is lowered. It
is the fighting nation that becomes the nation of cowards
when the fighting men are dead. 'Send forth the best
ye breed." This is Kipling's cynical advice, and when
we follow It we breed second-class men only. It was gl ri
ous war that undid Greece and Rome, that has wasted
France and Spain.
For the bravest century after century have fallen and
the coward the army could not use becomes the faiK
the family. To this day we mourn the heroes of the war
of the rebellion— North and South, East and West, in each
family is at least one vacant chair.
But the nation merits more than all thie. Not alone
the million who fell to expiate our debt, th- negro's
and rights we stole, "for every dr*>p of blood drawn by
the lash another drawn by the sword." but more than
these — the millions who should have been and ar- not Th»
sons and dauehters of our fallen broth-rs mid bt- with
us to-day. The nation needs their strength, freedom needs
their voices, we need their sympathy; we stretch forth
our hands toward them and behold they are not; they
have never been and they shall never be. Of all the curses
of Mack war — and all war is black, whatever Its necessity —
this is the deepest on the nations. The h*--ro fall? and
with him the issue of the heroism. When nations throw
away men's lives for glory, for conquest or for commer
cial supremacy, these are the wounds that time fan I
heal. And so it may be the Fram-onian peasant mother
is wiser than she knows when she says "Think God. my
son is saved from the army." We may imagine that the
guardian spirit of Germania. stern Amazon that she is.
looks down on this mother in pitying approval — looks down
on this mother with a smile of pitying approval.
in the city yesterday and went to the
Grand.
F. S. WenMngor. the millionaire fruit
grower, haj come down from his place at
Freestone and is staying at the Occi
dentaL
J. F. Thompson of the Eureka Standard
and Janus Simpson, a wealthy lumber
man of i lie same place, arc both regis
tered at the Lick.
Frank Wilkens, one of the leading busi
ness* men of Colusn, is at the Grand, com
bining buainesa and pleasure in a short
visit to the city.
T. J. Murphy, a merchant and wealthy
mining man of Needles, is one of those
who arrived in the city yesterday and
went to the Grand.
N. 1!. Fall:, a wealthy lumberman of
Arcata. is a guest at the Occidental. Mrs.
(Talk accompanies her husband on his
pi • Bent visit to the city.
A. H. Crook, one of the best known
; mining men In the Coos Bay country, is
at the Rubs, where he will remain during
the short stay he purpose* making in this
city.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington and the Misses
Elizabeth and Marion Huntington and
Howard Huntington arrived in the city
I Sunday evening from a recent visit they
have been making in Canada and the
East. Mr. Huntington and Miss Hunt
lngton Will remain in the East for several
t weeks longer.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Ni.w TORK, Sept. 4. -Alfred L. Meyer
st.Mn and* Mtes Bdythe Tilden of San
Franc! ■ ■'■• n >ffmau. Joaiali N.
Wt ilman of San Frai tht- Neth
erland. J. BL Carney ol Bam Praacttco is
at the Inr.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECE- J. E. S..
Placervflle, CaL A United States twenty
dollar piece la not made of gold WOO lino.
The gold used is 900 fine. It contains 464.4
grains of pure metal, or $19.9999*972 pure
gold' and 51. G grains of alloy, making a
total at 518 grains.
COPPER MIXES-S., Angels. Cal. The
large copper mines of which mention was
made in The Call of the 27th of April,
l y v.'. are I cated on the Carbon Riv»r in
the Carbon district north of Mount Rai
ni--r and sixty miles east of Tacoraa. The
mir.< s are about six miles distant from, tha
Fairfax Railroad.
A CRlMlNAL— Subscriber City. If a
subscriber will state In wiiat part of the
world the notorious criminal was exe
cuted this department will look up the
exact date.
EARTHQUAKE— P. S.. City. No Bhock
of earthquake waa fell either on the 2Sth
or t he 2i*th of July, 1H' I.'.1 .'. There waa no
Bhock of earthquake In July. 1>99, in this
city, of which tlu-r.- la ■ after
the 6th of thf month. Tti»- one on that
asted thirty- n< se nds.
TATTOO MAKKS-A. T. S. . City. Th<*
Chemical News says that tatto rJcs
produced by th< . l''ir
bonaceous matter, can be rem d
ing first well rubbed with salve of pure
acetic acid and lard, then with .t solution
of potash and iinally with hydrochloric
acid.
PARLIAMENT— B*. E. H., City. Mem
bers of the English Parliament are ex
empt from jury doty during the sessions
of the legislative body, as their duties in
that body are held to supersede those ob-
I libations required of them as citizens. But
: during a session of Parliament they are
required to attend court if summoned as
witnesses, that there may be no hindrance
of justice.
THE OADBEN PUBCHASK— C L. S.,
Chico, Cal. This department ha.« exam
ined a dozen books on the Oadsen i>ur
chase In 1868, but haa not been able to
discover who was to blame that the
United States did not ai the time of that
purchase w cun a -• aj ori st the mouth of
the Colorado River. Pi ssil ly a >m< of the
readers of this department can inform the
correspondent.
A novel— G. t. <"■.. Oakland, CaL A
'i who has writ • i that haa
merit can nave the same published by a
publishing firm which will make satis
factory terms with the auth >r. if the cor
respondent will ed en
velope, with requesl of the oamea of pub-
Usners, such will be forwarded by mail.
This department does not advertise nub-
Ushers, nor any one • i _•■ d In busi
ness.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mcx co f and 4c to all for-
eign points.
lal. glace fruit s"c p^r Ib at Townaend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Pre^s Clipping Bureau (Allen's), on) Mont
gomery street.- Telephone Mam am
Inter jSios Ladies' Night.
Inter N< - ' Ircle, Companions of the
■I if America having taken new
quartan la Uw Pythian Castle, will
t.uitt th<- event of removal by a ladies'
night tfii? evening, when an interesting
nroKranune will be dffered.
Dr. Slepert's Ar.R stura Bitters, app»ttier and
lnviis> ratur. Imparts a dellclou* flavor to all
drinks and ci:rr» Jyspepsia,MURDERERS OF
KOELLER CONFESS
Revenge the Motive for
the Crime.
HOENiCK STRUCK THE BLOW
DEED WAS PLANNED SOME
MONTHS AGO.
The Dead Man Gave Evidence
Against the Boys in an Arson
Case in a Missouri
Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 4.— ln the presence
of Chief of Police Kipley and Inspector
Shc-a and before a notary public. Her
man Hur.dhausen, who with Richard
Koenick was arrested late Saturday
night, charged with the murder of
Hichard Koeller. their former school
mate, made a full confession of the
crime to-day.
Revenue and not Jealousy of a wo
man, according to Hundhausen. was
the motive and the stabbing was done
by Hoenick with the knife found by the
police in his grip. Several years aso
a series of incendiary nres* had oc
curred in Herman, Mo., and other
neighboring towns and Hur.dh.-tusen
and Hoenick were arrested and put on
trial. Koeller, it is said, testified at the
time to the effect that the two were
implicated and largely on his testimony
convictions were secured. They swore
to have revenge on Kneller. The mur
der was planned some time ago. It
"was the idea of the two to make their
way to Baltimore via Cincinnati after
the commission of the crlmo and thence
take passage to Europe on a cattle
steamer.
Confronted by the confession given
by his companion Hoenick broke down
and admitted the truth of Hun-i
--hausen's confession under the inter
rogations of Chief Kipley and Inspector
Shea, "I have for ten years intended
to avenge my brother, who was as
sassinated in Hern Mo.,"' said Hoe
nick.
After the confessions of both — Hoe
nick, who is 20. and Hundhausen. who
is IS— the inspector declared that the
boys were degenerates of a pronounced
type.
TO MEET MR. BRYAN
Eight New Members Added to the Re
ception Committee.
«
to meet thi
-
H. A.
J. Brand
:
inn. The name
P. J. 1 ■ • •
■
. . . .
■
■
■
■
ember 6. 1 ■ t Mr.
•-" S-pt'iu-
Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be \
X an cspeciaU/ interesting paper. <
Don't fail to get a copy. \
■ » ■
To Receive the "Vets
N 38. X. S. G W. . has
■ r its
• Bpanlsh
w.itf. and when
to-mor
■
that will make up
■
■ m«mb( ra I I
r.or money
- one, and -.
■ ' ■ ITS IgC '. The
• . ■
:'ar;.,r to Sant rui oi
■
• ■ : .
■ ♦ ■
Lecture on Astronomj
M!« Rose O'Halloran, the eminent as- j
tronomer. will deliver a lecture on "The (
Summer Constellations and the Wonders |
of the Evening Sky" at the Century Club '
Hall, 1213 Sutter street, on Thursday']
evening next. Stfreopticon views will be
used to illustrate her subject. As Miss
lloran is •-. deep I lent and a ready
Bpeaker hf-r lecture should prove instruct"- |
lye and interesting.
■ * ■
Reception to a Famous Woman
Mrs. Rose Hartwick, author of "Curfew
Must Not Ring To-night." Is the guest ol
Mrs. Mary E. Hart of 10$ McAllister
Btreet. To-night the talented woman will
bf t^nder^d a reception at Golden Gat«
Hail by the Woman's Pr' 1 .- 1 ? Association,
at which Ina Coolbrith; Morria Wagner,
Jraouin Miller and others famous in th«
world of letters will be presnt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Just a Word
jj j i
%& a Era 9
There's money in • ■ r you
if ycu do r . t dsiay until he
boom st-ikes. It's coming; —
cemingsufej A QUICK DE- |
CISION RIGHT NOW may
make your fortune.
PrDsoec us free, tic udiig
•IN: IDE IN FOR MA TloN. ' '
:■ IN IDE INFORMATION."
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co,,
[Transportation Co,,
| 322-323 Parrctt Building-,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
"•
DR, GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
for the curt of Otnorrhoea. tJi<-et£. Strictures
md analogi-us complaints of the Organ* of .
Jt-tifratlon.
Prlr* V» b> Kit F> r vale by It :.:-• «t«
ft'riiiifs Mm YeptaMe Pills!
ire acknowledced by thousands of persons )
who have used them for forty years to cure ■
UK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI- j
TUTION. Torpid Uver. Weak Stomach, Fltn-
dec a: 1 purify !i.r blood. • |
* IHail, linear ©f Itatiee! %
AT Eunset last evening "Rosh Hashonah," the Jewish New Year, was .
ushered in throughout th* 1 land with solemn prayers and beautiful
music. In this city the temples and synagogues were crowded with
devout worshipers who poured out their blessings to God for the :
kindnesses received during the past twelve months and renewed
their prayers for a continuance of hi? beneficence.
According to the Jewish calendar, it is the year 5860 of the creation, or
more properly speaking, the era of man. The services at the various |
RJI6BI VOORSJLNGER
.HOPES FOR DREYFUS
Brrj HE Jewish New Year Is generally the
I beginning of a season in which the re
l:g:ous Jew reviews his past arid en
deavors to mend his ways and hopes at
least to be able to fashion his future in
accordance with what he believes are the
high designs of morality. It is a season
in which the passions of man re for the
tirce being allayed, and in which good
will is expressed from man to man and at
least, as the prayer book has it, from na
tion to nation. It is the season that em
phasizes the government of God: the ex
istence of God's kingdom on earth, and
strongly asserts the hope that every ideal
of mankind will ultimately triumph and
that the rife and contention that keep
humanity asunder will pass away.
The trial of Captain Dreyfus is not im
portant to Israel because the defendant
is a Jew. but because fanaticism, race
hatred and political chicanery are en
deavoring to make all Jews co-defendant
with the unhappy victim of Fijench po
litim! and military injustice.
A 9sews 3>rom the 1/olunteera' Camp a, %
TIDE OF TROOPS
IS TURNING TO
THE WESTWARD
Volunteers Will Soon
Be Home.
The military tide is turning westward
| again, and regiments departing for the
Philippines will soon be more numerous
i than those arriving from there. Already
j two are here awaiting their chance to be
1 away, and three more will arrive before
! the month is well advanced. Recruits are
' again coming in. and officers are being as-
I signed to the commands now in the isl
| ands or going there.
Reports from Manila announce the sail
! ing of the Kansas men on Sunday morn
ing; the Minnesota. Washington and
Montana troops are now on the ocean,
and the Tennessee and lowa regiments,
the only State volunteers now in the
j Philippines, will be away for home before
' September 20. Soon after that date the
! first of the new regiments from this coun
try will have arrived, and from then on
the remainder of the ten commands will
•be hurried across the sea. The first to
I arrive will be three Eastern regiments
sent by way of the Suez canal and the
Indian Ocean from New York. The three
transports that will leave them at Manila,
the Thomas. Logan and Meade, will then
be put on the transport service in the Pa
: cific. which seems to indicate that the last
of the trcop= for Manila have sailed from
New York.
The Thomas. Logan and Meade are ves
sels similar to the Sherman and Grant,
ships with a capacity of from 1500 to 200
soldiers. The Hancock, Sheridan and
Warren are almost as big, and it is prob
able that these eight transports will do
the bulk of the transportation, and sev
eral of the chartered vessels will be re
turned to their owners.
The Sherman, Sheridan. Grant, Warren.
Hancock, Thomas, Logan and Meade are
all owned by the Government. The other
transports here, at Manila or going or
coming between here and there, are all
chartered vessels. Two more have been
added to the fleet, the Olympia a:.: Rio
Janeiro, to prevent delay in getting the
new regiments away, but they will not
make more than one trip. The big trans
ports from the East will not be ready for
service on the Pacific for two months or
more, and by that time all the State vol
unteers will have been carried home and
the new regiments will be in the islands,
go the eight big ships should be able to
handle the tranic. If they cannot, there
are two or three more on the Atlantic
coast that may be sent over here.
This evening the Twenty-seventh In
fantry should arrive from Fort Meade,
Pennsylvania. It is under command of
Colonel James M. Bell, with the following
fi«ld officers and surgeons: Lieutenant
Colonel Albert S. Cummins, Majors
George S. Byram, Edward B. Cassatt and
Clyde D. v. Hunt; surgeons, Major Ogden
Rafferty, Captain William Bowen and
First Lieutenant Leonard K. Graves.
The Thirtieth Infantry, now being ren
dezvoused at Fort Sheridan, Illinois, will
leave there so as to reach here September
10. It is commanded by Colonel Cornelius
Gardner, with Lieutenant Colonel James
R. Campbell and Majors Leonard A. Lay
ering. Matthew F. Steele and Thomas L.
Hartlgan as field officers. The surgeons
are Major John R. McDill, Captain James
J. Erwin and First Lieutenant Albert H.
Eber.
The third regiment scheduled for the
Presidio is the Thirty-second infantry,
which will leave Fort Leavenworth. Kan
sas. in time to reach her*- September 20.
The Thirty-sttond Is commanded by
Colonel Louis A. Craig; the field officers
re Lieutenant Colonel Lewis H. Strother
and Majors Robert E. L. Spence, Charles
Ellet Cabell and Morton J. Henry. Major
Frank C. Armstrong, Captain John K.
Hereford and First Lieutenant William
H. Cook are the*surgeons.
The Twenty-sixth Infantry, now form-
Ing at Platts-burg Barracks, New York,
Is also reported as nearly ready to leave.
Lieutenant William F. Gadson. Thirty
fifth Infantry: Lieutenant Thomas F.
Peck and Lieutenant William 13. Altken
of Thirty-seventh Infantry. Lieutenant
McNarney of the Thirty-sixth Infantry
and Assistant Surgeon Taylor arrived at
the Presidio yesterday with a detachment l
of troops from Columbus Barrack*, Ohio.
In the detachment were 73 men for the
Eleventh Cavalry. 143 for the Thirty-sixth
Infantry. 147 for the Thirty-seventh In- I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
RJIBBI LEVY'S
AEW YEJ?R SE.NTI.ME.NT
MAY the advent of this new year
■V% quicken and strengthen within us
' the resolve to make for Israel the
year one of true life; into the roster
which It will transmit to immortality
every one of is may write his name.
Every act of kindness, every thought of
pity, every attempt to be merciful will be
claims to registration.
The selfish may not know nor care to
know that the tears are numbered with
God's treasures, but the sympathetic
understand the allegory; love is loveliest
when embalmed with tears
Let us try to so live in the coming year
that if it were in our power to revise the
book of life we should find nothing to
change. Let ihe inspiration of ibis solemn
hour prompt us to offer with al our heart
our fealty and our loyalty for God, Israel
and humanity.
Dr. Lew in making the foregoing state
ment for ' The Call purposely avoided all
reference to Dreyfus, the Peace < onfer
enc* of The Hasue and the Philippine
War. a= they have already received too
much publicity.
■ ■ Hospi tal
■ :• rulta.
;• ■ • :•:■"■ igh i f the Wyoming I at
i un
• death, has
and b< • ' ' '
■ - ■ :..
mute • ■ - ■ : ■!.
. Heavj- Artillery la
I
■ been
en i xhtti
-3 are in
the hand.- I I The arms
; Regimen! were turned in yea
■ •• v. working
■ • rolls. Fi re will be
. ird duty : • ...
I to protect
■ regl
• ■ ■
■ - :
the mi tar
■
Mllw auki raised a
fund to pay for 1
ed to
Xii
-
A SOLDIER'S BEST GIRL
Asks Citizens' Committee to Pay Her
Fare From New York to the
Presidio.
Bessie Taylor and May Campbell of 733
Marion avenue. New York, will make!
their way through the world without i
much difficulty if ail thai Is required is
cold-blooded nerve. The pent:- i who
had charge of the reception to the Cali
fornia volunteers have received many ap- i
peals for assistance, but a request from
Miss May. conveyed in a highly perfumed
note, is the only case in which they have
been asked to devote part of the reception
fund to reuniting two loving hearts that
had been separated by the fortunes of
war. .V £8 May writes that she has a
brother who is a private in Company L,
First California Volunteers. Miss Bessie I
Taylor is May's friend, and likewise the
bij? brother's "best girt They are fairly ]
pining away for an interview with the ;
eoldier, but "as a trip across the continent !
if not an inexpensive luxury the trans
portation problem stood in their way un
til they heard of San Francisco's citizens' j
committee. In a letter full of pleading I
and bulging with bouquets -for the com- •
mitteemen. Mi- Campbell has made an
•■arnest appeal to the gentlemen to send
her and her friend sufficient money to de- |
fray their expenses from New York to
the" Presidio. She states that they "just
want to see the young man." and that
they will return to the metropolis as soon
as their wishes are gratified.
The letter was read at yesterday's meet
ing of the committee, and upon the sug
gestion of Mayor Phelan it was referred !
to C. P. Huntington.
VtS^^^\ '%Mf?' j ''%r
My Belt has soft chamois cushion electrodes and cannot burn, yet you feei its soothing, gentle current as it vitalizes all
weak parts. I has a perfect regulator and is warranted one year.
FFtEE 800K — My illustrated book tells all about my method and how it cures. 1 will send it, sealed, free on request.
I\l> AH A Mr-I AfirHf lINJ 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, San Francisco, an-J
LJtXm IIU /*• iTIwJLi/\lJVJllLilll 9 cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles.
Office hours-Sa. m. toS:3op. m.; oundaya, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
churches began at 5:30 and 6 o'clock last evening and were short in dura
tion, consisting of preliminary prayers and music. This morning the impurt
ant services will be- held. Sermons on the importance of the day and kindred
subjects will be delivered by the rabbis, and the choirs, augmented for th^
holidays, will render beautiful music.
The following views of the representative rabbis of this city v.-ere col
lected by The Cail and contain the hopes and expressions of the gentlemen
who preside in the leading temples and synagogues.
K,JHkSkSI d. J^ltiTU
JAJ?K,ES JI PROPHECY
El HERE re very many grave issues
| that will offer themselves for serious
consideration during the coming year.
Zionism will reach a climax, that is to
say, it will offer itself for decisive action
to the Jews of the world. That it will not
be universally accepted by them is a fore
pone conclusion, but the great danger will
be in the manner and style of its rejec
tion. I: care be not taken I fear that the
passions of the Zionists will be so aroused
that they may be tern] to do some
thing that might injure the cause of the
Jew as a retaliation upon those who could
not side with them.
I believe that the principles of justice
will receive fresh vindication at the hands
of the French people and that the dings
of the present court-martial will exoner
ate from blame the previous court-mar
tial, on the ground that from the evi
dence submitted to it it could nut have
reached any other verdict, but that in the
light of the additional evidence submitted
to the present body they find Dreyfus not
guilty of treason.
WILL GIVE A BANQUET TO
COMPANY A OF THE FIRST
OLD EMMET AND WOLFE TONE
GUARDS AS HOSTS.
Company A of the First California Vol-
I] be entertained at a banquet
cm the evening of Saturday, September 16.
by the members of Companies A and E
of the old Third Regiment. K. G. C. This
was decided ;-.: a meeting Held last night
In thi • armory, at which
thirty-five members esent The
• r known as the
Emmet and Wolfe Tone Guards In
"eighth s." and wei ■
A of the Kirs: at I me of the
of the National G
members
■ ' ■.'■ ■ t the
call for volunteers In Compa ... a. All of
will be the gu< - - c at the
.et.
■ tain Rob. ■ I at the
mi • ting, and LJeuti I . ■ S
■
to by -i\\
; • -• m. and a cons;, i tin realized.
-• ■ • his check f'>r $2". and
received • te of 1 . - Several ladies
bav< ■ nselves in the under
taking, and Captain Fole; I nance
committee stated that they are exerting
themselves In collecting money. Major
John J. Conlan, who was !;• ! i officer of
thn Third Regiment f>>r twenty y< •-.
promised to co-operate with the commit
- ■ ■
It wan d> j '!de<i !■• .-■ ial invita
• - ■ tb< Mayor, I • who are
curing funds, Mrs. a. S.
Townsend, and I tie five Rj - ■
who returned from Manila with the First
Kegiment.
Th»; committee will make ararngements
for the banquet at a
An orchestra will be engaged. a.nd there
will be .1 programme of vocal and instru
mental mm
All de.=trinß to contribute to tho fund
may do .- t 5 Brady si I "" M-:rk*>t.
between Twelfth and Thirteenth, where:
'aptain Foley.
There will be another meeting next
M nda r nil ; - ■et armory,
and all former mcml mpanies a
and E of the Third are invited to be pres
ent In order to insure the complete suc
cess ol | tion.
The committee appointed to arrange the
affair consists of Captain R beri ' ".• ary,
'■p.ptain Daniel Foley, Captain J H
M ■ " ' - ■ feld. Tim
othy Treacy, Charles Becker, Lieutenant
Miles J. Bolger. Major J. J. Conlan, J.
Less. D. Wyatt and Frank Drady.
No Uniforms This Time.
Major Genera] Dickinson. Colonel Cutler
and Lieutenant Colonel Geisting. the uni
7
Are you nervous, weak, dyspeptic, in pain and misery from any troub'e
which medicine does not cure ? If so, try Electricity as applied by my improved
mrthod. Can you not see that it is the one and only cure — that lam curing thou-
sands every year after the failure of every known drug?
EVERY WEAK MAN
Knows that drugs will not restore his strength. 1 have been curing; these troubles
for twenty years, and know tnat the life of the nerves and all thr vital organs is
Electricity. 1 know how to apply it, and have cured 10,000 men in the last three years.
COTTONWOOD. Cal , Sept. 3 1899
dr, m. a. Mclaughlin,
DEAR SIR: Since last I wrote I have improved a great deal and am [piling
fine. By the use of your Belt all my pains and bccKache have left me. i* hcs
ecus dme to feel nappy ever) during mv hard WorK I cannot speaK too highly of
your Bzlt and the good it rjas done rr)e. 1 would not part With it for any amou it, if I
could not get another. Yours truiy, L. LIETZAU.
NO BURNING OR BLISTERING.
RJIBBI 1. MYERS
SIVES JilS VIEWS
Eg HERE is no doubt that the Jewish
| New Year is of great religious, ethical
and social value to the members of
the race. Thousands of Jews who during
the year seldom if ever enter the place of
worship are instinctively drawn to the
synagogue and the early associations and
religious feelings are once m re awak
ened. While admitting that many of the
good resolutions that are made at the be
ginning of the year are broken, still
there is a tendency to make the .■••rage
Jew better; his heart softens, his mind
withdraws itself from ordinary pursuits,
and at any rate for a tin. he feels a re
generated and elevated being.
Nor can we underrate the importance
of the new year as a mi ant of reconciling
estranged friends. Many members of
families that have rifted from one an
other are reunited, and the domestic vir
tues which have been the pride of the
Jewish people are considerably strength
ened by the reunion of different members
of the family.
form board of the National Guard, were
In session for two hours yesterday, and at
the end of that time decided to reject
the bids of tne Pettibone Company and
Litchlield a- Co as well as those pre
vlcusly rejected. New bids will be ad
vertised for, and they will be opened Oc
tober 7 .; . . :
MANY WOODMEN
GREET MANILA NEIGHBORS
RECEPTION TENDERED HEROES
OF THE WAR.
About four hundred Woodmen of the
World, members of Golden Gate Camp
No. -4. met last night in Shasta Hall of
the Native Sons' building for the purpose
welcome to those soldier
Woodmen who arc in the ranks of the
returned volunteers.
Those who were invited as the guests
: of the camp were: Captain Doughtenberg
of the First Colorado, F. M. Stout, H. E.
. Ntimin. W. J. McGregor. J^hn Krara
mer. Perry H. N> Illng, Charles J. Rt-n
--wall, Ward Christlon, D. D. Young. B. H.
Krutz*-:;. H. Walsh, J. F. Neff. W. F.
! I'npert. R. L. Emery. W. H. Thorn. F.
: S. Curtis. W. L. Bodel, W. Kart. F. M.
Root of the Colorado regiment, W. N".-w
--sook of th< ■ t. W. S. Bripgs.
I). Nyless and J. Cahill of the Wyomtag
nd L. Th'.oban of t.ie
- n regiment and J. C. Smith of the
Cornia volunteers.
There was an interesting meeting in the
camp urtil half-past 9 o'clock, when there
.v - .in adjournment to the hanrjuet ha!l
in the basement, where a supper was
■1 to all, the guests of trfe evening
g accorded thy place of honor at the
of tl • tabl< . where there also sat
r Phelan, who is a member of the
<ani;'. After the menu had been done Jus
tice to there was an impromptu pro
gramme, which had for the nrst feature
resa of welcome, then an e!o
--i quenl resa by the Mayor: glowing
■ • ulpgy for the deeds of the
■ Woodmen soldiers in the islands; vocal
tions by J. H. Desmond: a humorous
address by W. J. Hynea and responses
ists by the invited guests, who all
•hi:r delight of the manner in
h th< y w< ■ wed by the Wood
m< ■- of San Francisco prior to their de
; partun for th< seat of war and since their
return. They all s thej would ever
cherish with pleasant recollections the
hospitality of the neighbors of this city.
The affair was under the direction of
Neighbors Geary Jr.. Ashworth. Strong,
Walsh, Bright, Sprague and McLanc. The
! festlvitifi- w« re k--pt up until midnight.
Stanford's Soldiers.
To-night Stanford Parlor. Native Sons
of the Golden West, will tender a recep
tion in the Native Sons" building to three
of its members who were in the First
California and who returned on the Sher
man.
WATCHING THE
SELECTION OF
SUPERVISORS
Eighteen Names to Be
Submitted.
PUBLIC SCRUTINY IS DESIRED
CORPORATIONS MAY DECEIVE
THE SEVEN DEMOCRATS.
Many Delegates Prefer That a Long
List of Candidates Should Be
Presented to the Con
vention.
Delegates to the Republican local con- i
vention will not be called together before I
the .'lst of this month. Jasper McDonald !
will probably call the l
ventlon to order about the 24th inst. :
Neither party Is eager for a
campaign and there is no disposition to
expose- the can.;. for a longer
time than the law requires.
Democrats who art deeply interested in
the cause of gooU local g
should keep an eye on the committee of !
seven recently ... ■ can-'
didates for the Board f S - The
plan . --'.a a
new departure, yet the old-time .\'on- \
Partisan Conveni K.
Fitch and Thou beautifully ,
bossed furnish", pi nta for the plan
proposed by tne I•• n
the nominations recommi i
s w< ■ ■ drives
through without dis
papers .=-■ . - ': • to
examine the recoi I i person rec
ommended to th<
jasper McDonald was asked yesterday '
if the committee of seven would present I
a large list of names from which me con- '.
venUon may se.ect eighteen acceptable
candidates for the boara.or simply submit j
eighteen names. Mr. McDonald replied i
that he understood that the committee ■
would recommend eighteen men and asK I
the convention to place them on the \
ticket as candidates for tne Board of !
Supervisors. He said the convention j
would no; be bound to nominate the men i
recommended by the committee.
It was suggested to Mr. McDonald that !
the committee of seven might be out- ;
witted by subtle scheme! o: the railroad, |
water and gas monopolies, and induced .
through misapprehension to place a few j
agtnts of the corporations on the list of J
the recommended.
Mr. McDonald said he would be in j
favor of announcing in advance the ]
names recommended by the committee, j
so that public discussion could be had j
before the delegates registered a choice j
in convention. He was not authorized to
speak for the committee, but could see j
no harm in king the list public before I
the convention passed judgment on the i
recommendations. He was sure that the j
Democratic Convention would endeavor j
to obtain the best material for the Board j
of Supervisors, as it was well known that j
the Republican Convention Intended to j
nominal the best citizens of that party
attainable for service on the boiird.
Many gates to the Democratic Con- j
vention are now convinced that mistake
was made in delegating to a committee 1
of seven the power to submit a list of
candidates for the board. Names other
than those recommended by the com- <
mittee may be placed before the con- I
vention, but those having the stamp of j
the committee's indorsement will be re- !
garded as men In whom Gavin McXab j
and Mayer Phelan repose special con- i
fidence, and therefore have great advan
tage over those having no such indorse
ment. Again it is clear to many members
that a corporation can hoodwink a com
mittee of seven much easier than it can
a convention, of three hundred and sev
enty.
The knowledge that Republicans have
resolved to bring forward citizens of high
standing for the Supervisorial ticket is
acting as a spur to Democratic activity ,
along the same tin". If the Republicans, !
through lack of vigilance or failure to ex
ercise good common sense, allow a weak
man or a corporate tool to be placed on
the ticket, the voters will scratch the j
name, -and indorse some one of the eigh
teen candidates put forward by the Demo
crats. Each one of the eighteen Super
visors is elected by a vote at large. Wards |
.fnd districts cut no figure in the contest.
From the thirty-six candidates to be
presented by the two leading conventions
the voter may select eighteen intelligent
and worthy men. to vote for.
BRYAN RECEPTION.
Plenty of Music and Red Fire
for the Occasion.
The Democratic disciples of William J.
Bryan have arranged to entertain then
chief on .his arrival in San Francisco from
Yosemite valley to-morrow forenoon.
There was a session of the committee o!
arrangements yesterday, which was at
tended by J. J. Dwy.-r. Jasper McDonald
J. P. Sullivan and Seth Mann. It •
I that Colonel Bryan is accom
panied by his wife ar.d three children. Or
iiay afternoon, from 2 to 5 o'clock
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan will be given a public
reception at the California Hate
Bryan will speak at Woodward's Pavilior.
on Wednesday evening. He will tx
ed from the hotel to the pavilion by the
Iroquote Club and kindred
There will be plenty of red fire and music
to enliven the occasion. Colonel W. W
Foote is with the Nebraska orator in th> :
valley.
• ♦ ■
A Feast of Oratory and Edibles.
The Democratic Central Club will act
as the escort of hoi r at the reception
to be tendered to William J. Bryan
iday night at w Pavilion.
The members will assemble at their head
quarters in Pythiaj Market
street, at fi:4Vin the evening. After the
affair at the pavilion the club will enjoy
a banquet at its hail. The following mem
ve been appointed to act a
at IB - pavilion: Oscar Hocks. J> hn W.
Cramer. Captain George W. Krimphoff
John Kriwauck. Thor M l, Wil
liam Abbott, J. D. | Powers, Andrew
Olsen. Charles T. McCarthy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_, _,, . -. - - .... - _ , — -^— — . -. - - -.—^»
Wiphnd's
Extra Pale
is a pure saccharine
brew in which impuri-
ties cannot breed and
multiply— it is bottled
cleanliness. Is fer-
mented for months in
cold storage — cannot
ferment in the stom-
ach—never causes bil-
liousness. Quarts, pints. half-pint*.
Your grocer or telephone West i«.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
The audience arose as one. to attest its admira-
tion!
MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS I
THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
Elaborate scenic revival of the psychological
romance,
"THE BELLS."
A SPLENDID CAST.
EVERY NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Increased to Fifty In Number.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
FELIX MORRIS AND CO.
MOULIERE SISTERS.
APOLLO. „„
ARNOLD GRAZER & LA PETITE HA/.EI*
' ' AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Rerserved seats. 25c: balcony. 10c; opera
chair? and box seats, We-.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY and
' ' SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Gounod's Superb Creation,
ROMEO AND JULIET
TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"Borneo and Juliet" repeated Thursday, Sun-
day Nights and Saturday Matinee.
The Unrivaled Rendition Of
"CARMEN"
Wednesday, Friday. Saturday Evenings.
Next Week— The Event of the Season!!
"LOHENGRIN" "OTHELLO."
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 cent!
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9.
ALCAZAR 55
"Nothing More Amusing Has
Ever Been Seen."
CHRISTOPHER JR.
AS PRESENTED BY THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK "THE WAGES OF SIN."
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ONLY THIS WEEK!
Sousa's Glorious Comic Opera,
EL CAPITAN
Enthusiasm Greater Than Ever— Theater
Packed to the Doors.
NEXT WEEK— ♦FATI.MTZA "
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— XOc, 15c. 23c,
35c. 51ic.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat in
the theater. 2tc.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
Seme of the Attractions to Be Seen:
ART GALLERY.
EIFFEL TOWER!
LOG CABIN!
FISH EXHIBIT, the B«st Ever Seen at Any
Fair.
ALICE RAYMOND. THE WORLDS FAMOUS
CORNETIST.
Will Play Solos This Evening.
Double Season Tickets 5<5.00
(To members half price.)
Single Admission "c
CONCEPTS AND * SOKTS^
TO-NISriT! TO-NIGHT!
GRAND RECEPTION TO THE
North Dakotn. Idaho and Mon-
tana Regiments.
CHUTES AND ZOO !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Phone for Seats. Steiner ISSI.
ASHER-SAMU CONCERT.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'& HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 7.
Under the Direction of HENRY HEYMA.V.
Reserved Seats. Jl, on sale at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'r. Music Store.
iyLj 1 id) t>A 1 no.
open nights:
open DAILY FROM 7 a. m. TO 11 p. m.
open daily FROM 7 A. m to 11 P. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission, 25; Children. 20a.
78
PROPOSED WINE TRUST
WILL NOT BE ORGANIZED
Indifference of Producers De
feats the Scheme.
Desired Numb si" of Contracts Could Not Be
Promptly Secured— Good Prices Pre
dicted for This Year's Vintage.
» NOTHER great and promising"
I \ scheme, involving millions of dol- |
1^ !ars and intended to combine the \
I grape-growers and wine-makers of
* California for the purpose of main
taining prices of vineyard products,
has collapsed. The first was the effort '
of the California Wine-makers' Corpora- j
tlon to reorganize for another five years.
The present failure Is oonnected with the
offer of Henry J. Crocker to buy all the j
dry wine grapes in the State for a period '
of seven years at the rate of $12 and $14
per ton.
When Mr. Crocker made his proposal
to the vlticulturists it was enthu
siastically received throughout all the
dry-wine districts, and long resolu
tlons were adopted indorsing the offer.
The movement was regarded of so much j
Importance that the Chamber of Com- j
merce. for the first time in the history
of the industry. Interested itself and
called a meeting of the principal growers
and wine merchants in the hope of mak
ing the enterprise a success. The meet-
Ing was highly enthusiastic and strong
resolutions were passed with the prospect
that They would have the desired effect.
It transpired that there were influential
men in the business who did not favor
Mr. Crocker's plan, und they did not hesi
tate to say so and predict that it would
be a failure, or to declare that higher
prices could be obtained for grapes during
the :■• riod named. It is said that this
fad had a material effect on the result.
but much of the failure of the scheme is
attribute.! to the procrastination of the
producers. They agreed to sign the con-:
tract, but failed to do so within the stipu
lated time, which ends to-day.
A great many forwarded their contracts
promptly and among these were some
of the largest producers of (crapes and
wine in the State. However, there were
int enough to warrant Mr. <*rocker in
undei greal work, and he has
been compelled to acknowledge that his
big enterprise has come to naught. At
the san c time he takes the situation
Dhilos iphicallv. and while regretting I
TO HONOR MEMORY OF
MARTYRED PRESIDENT
GARFIELD LEAGUE ARRANGING
MEMORIAL SERVICES.
Mayor Phelan. Congressman Kahn
and Others "Will Deliver Orations
at Golden Gate Park.
Plans are being perfected rapidly for
the memorial service* in honor of the
martyred, President, James A. Garfleld,
to take place at the Garfleld monument.
Golden Gate Park, on Sunday. September
17 The Garfleld League, which has the
matt in charge, met last right at 405 ;
Montgomery street and received many en- |
couraging reports from the committees
which are arranging the different parts |
of th.- proKrmnme. I. J. Truman accept
<-,! the Invitation to act as president of
the day. Congressman Julius kahn,
rtfayor Phelan and possibly Senator
George C. Pf-rkins will deliver orations.
The Knickerbocker Quartet has tendered
Its services to furnish a portion of the
vocal music. The only person in the State
■who has refused to accept the league's
Invitation to participate In the exercises
la the Governor. •
It is proposed to have a chorus of school
children and many other appropriate and
interesting features at the services. All
the Grand Army posts and relief corns
around tiu- bay will be requested to take
part in the exercises and an effort will
be made to have the army and navy rep
resented.
The following committees were r.amed:
Reception— A. de la Torre Jr.. H. L.. Brad
ford. P. A. McGinness, M. B. Blackburn. T.
F. Batchelder Pivsb— Dawson Mayer. K. Lor
enzo, Joseph Meneees. Citizens' honorary com
mittee— A. M. Lawrence, M. H. do Young, J.
P Srreckels, C. H. Warren. E. S. Simpson,
W B. !•••:•'• R. A. Crother*, Fremont Older,
Hiifch Hun«, James M. Troutt, P. H. Kerrigan,
t G. Msnsfleld, • >rgc H. Bahrs. J. E. Harry,
Waahington Podge, W. R. DainserfleW, A. B.
T-a. • Colonel Victor D. ! ■:'•■, J. M.
Seawell, 7>. U. liodse. Major General W. R.
Shatter, Irving M Scott, Asa 11. \\>lls, \v. w.
Morrow. John H. Dickinson, William Hooper,
J. J. de Haven. E. P. Vinlng. .1. J. Valentine, I
William H. Beatty. J. C. Currier, Charles Hol
brook. T. B. McFarland, W. K. Smedberg. E.
G Knapp. Richard Valentine, >;<»<. C Par
dee .7 B. Stetson. A. B. Spnsckels. Colonel A.
Andrews, William Harnejr, F. D. Worth, W. H.
Met son. F. W. Zelle, L,. Schneider, H. J. Rlg-
Klns M Perlch. Horace Pavlß. William Mac
donah], C. M. Kinne. Major Rice, Paris Kll
bum Colonel William Sullivan. F. W. Dohr
mann. Julius Kahn, D. M. Cashln. George C.
Perkins, W. H. L.. Barnes, M. Murray, E.
Cader.itea I. J. Truman, T. F. Bachelder. M.
6 Blackburn, M. Cooney, J. ICnowlton, H.
C. Pibble, J. H. Costicran, M. G. Oobb, .1 I).
Blebe, R. H. Webster, P. A. Berserot, E. L.
Head. Van R. Paterson, D. B. Plymire. George
B. Morse.
The league will meet on Friday evening
•with representatives from the G/*A. R.
posts of the city to complete the pro
gramme and make final arrangements for
the exercises.
MURDER OR SUICIDE.
Two Brewery Employes Discover the
Skeleton of a Man Near Millbrae.
p. ofaloi i ■ M»d George Miuhell. em
ployes of the Railroad Brewery, Valen
cia street, called at police headquarters
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mail to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remedy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
Permanent,
A free trial treatment Is being sent out
by the State Medical Institute in ordei
to demonstrate the fact that the most
horrible of all diseases can be cured.
There Is a good deal of controversy over
this subject among those who declare the
disease incurable, but the facts are in-
dubitable and must be acknowledged. The
uction of this new remedy is peculiar. The
lihysiciun in charge of the Institute has
had a long and varied experience treating ,
this disease of the blood, and about two j
yearn ago, after a long series of experi- |
rnents, he found the exact specific that <
offsets' the poison, renders it lifeless and |
eliminates it from the body. Having per-
sonally examined many hundreds of cases
and familiarized himself with every de- '
tail of the disease, hi* discovery came ;
naturally and has never failed him. One
of his recent cures was a most hopeless |
<nsp, the disease having caused the hair i
to faH out and the body was one mass of
putrescent sores, bolls, blotches and un-
sightly disfigurements. In ten days tho j
eutlre outer skin was healed and there I
what he calls the shortsightedness of the
grower, he realizes that he has escaped
a great deal of hard work and worry.
His circular letter to the producers ex
plaining why he has been forced to
abandon the scheme, will be Bent out
within a few days.
The Crocker offer has attracted much
attention among those whose interests
are In the industry. In discussing the
proposition yesterday Charles E. Bowen
Of the Wetmore-Bowen Company called
attention to several features of the case
that have not heretofore been brought
forward. From a legal standpoint he
thinks that even had the required per
centage of contracts been secured the
tiromoter would have met with many em
barrassing and costly complications. In
the first place, It is an unfortunate fact
that a large majority of the vineyards
of the State are mortgaged to their full
value and many are not at the preseni
time worth the face of the mortg.ig''.
Furthermore the hapless vineyardist has
been compelled to mortgage his crop for
one or more years. The chattel mortgage
takes precedence of the realty liability.
Under these conditions it Is trie conten
tion of Mr. Bowen that Mr. Crocker
would have been powerless to absolutely
control the output of the vineyards aa
was his intention and that, therefore, he
would have been unable to regulate the
prices of wine.
Notwithstanding the collapse of the
two great schemes mentioned, the vlnl
cultural outlook for this season Is bright.
In sptaking of the situation last even-
Ing. Secretary Hotchkiss of the Cali
fornia Wine-makers' Corporation said:
"There is no doubt that grapes will
bring good prices this year. In the first
place. Mr. Crocker's offer has tended to
fix values, owing to the fact that his
competitors have offered as high as $16
per ton, and it is my opinion that the
prices will range from %12 to $K> per ton
for this crop. Other features of the case
are that there will he a short vintage and
that the cellars are practically empty.
In short '99 will be a Rood year for the
grower of grapes. What the condition
may be next year in the event of a good
crop is something that no man can tell.
We have the consolation of knowing
1 wever, that there Is a well-established
and growing demand for the products of
our vineyards."
yesterday and stated that while hunting.
Sunday, they came upon the skeleton >>f
a man in a canyon about a mile and a
half from Millbrae. San Mateo County.
The head was a tew feet from the body
which was that "f a tall man. The cloth
i ing was of dark material and a brown
JAMES P. DOCKERY, Grand Marshal of the Night Parade.
Fedora hat was ,i short distance away.
They did not go within two yards of the
body and one of them thought that there
were a few gray hairs on the back of the
skull. Sheriff Mant-rield of San Ma: •■>
County was notified by telephone and lie
said he would instruct the Coroner to
have the remains brought in and an ef
fort made to identify them.
was noticeable improvement in all other
respects. A brief continuation of the rem-
edy brought about a radical cure.
The free trial treatment has saved a
great many who otherwise were doomed
to early destruction, and it was this ob-
ject which Induced the institute to make
the offer. In all cases where the sores
have become characteristic of the disease
the sufferer fully realizes the name ajid
nature of his or her affliction, but a great
many who have Inherited the disease or
who have recently contracted it should
ask the institute for their 44-page book
describing fully the disease and also ex-
plaining the action of their new remedy
Sifllide. Send your name and address to
the State Medical Institute, 148 Bass
block, Fort Wayne. Ind., and they will
forward, prepaid, a free trial treatment
that will bring to the sufferer such won-
derful relief, such an ecstatic feeling of
Joy for the Improvement shown as to ful-
ly compensate for the suffering and de-
spair that previous failure ha* caused.
Write to-day without foil. «*«"ea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. 1899.
NATIVES READY
FOR THE OUTING
OF THE BEAR
Santa Cruz Preparing
for the Ninth.
BIG NIGHT PARADE ARRANGED
JOINT COMMITTEE COMPLETES
ITS LABORS.
California to Have tbe Biggest Birth
day Party in Her History — From
San Francisco Alone Will
Go 4000 Sons.
It's all over except the fireworks and the
shouting. At Its meeting last night the j
joint ninth of September committee of i
the Native Sons of the Golden West com- '
pleted the last of the Important prelim- j
maries to the big celebration to take place i
in Santa Cruz on the 9th, and all that re- j
mains to do Is uncork the red flra and \
get aboard the special train on Friday
night.
The fact that 1900 Is to be the very big
gest year any festive Natives Son or
Daughter ever saw has not dampened
present-day enthusiasm one whit. This
year's birthday party at Santa Cruz is
to be the largest thing of Its kind that
has happened since the great event of
'91. to which all loyal natives date back. |
Santa Cruz has thrown the gates wide
open and extended Invitation to every
member of the order who can crowd in ro
come along and assist In removing the
content?. The citizens of the seaside city
have come liberally to the front with a
grist of gooii hard dollars, and every re- j
port from that direction carries a promise
of a reception and a celebration that has j
never had equal in all the town's history
of hospitality.
As a result of it all, San Francisco alone
is going to Bend forth 40mi 30ns, not count
ing families and friends and the local j
ranks will be augmented by :ho four
flourishing parlors of Marin County— San
Rafael, Mount Tamalpais. Sea Point and
Nicasio. James P. Dockery, who is acting
as grand marshal and is busy with tne
details of the big night parade from N.
S. G. W. Hall to the ferry, says that the
lowest estimate of those who will go out ,
from Oakland, Marin and San Francisco j
Is 7500, but he would not undertake to
calculate the number of people who will
buy their tickets and go down simply to
see the fun.
The parades, both here and in Santa
Cruz, made the principal tonic of discus
sion at the meeting last night. Althoueh
the general plan of the procession to the
depot on Friday night had been outlined,
the details were at six.-s and Bevens, and
it took a good hour to so straighten them
out that matters could progress. The band
committee had only one band and three
or four drum corps to report, and things
were looking just a bit unhandy until ttv*
representatives of the different parlors
got to handing In their own reports. Gold
en Gate Parlor will have a band of six
teen pieces, and Hesperian will have the
game but it is piling Golden Gate one
better, with a drum major. l'"th parlors
will take their music through to Santa
Cruz, and in the parade at that end of the
line Hesperian Parlor will have Las Lo
mas Parlor of the Native Daughters as a
marching partner. Pacific Parlor will also
tak" a band of sixteen pieces, and the
Athens, Piedmont and Brooklyn parlors
Of Oakland will baVe bands of twelve
pieces. ESI Dorado, Rlncon, National,
Precita, Marshall and San Francisco jiiir
lora will carry drum corps of from three
to fourteen members.
Colonel Duboci- and the California vol
unteers arc to be invited to participate.
The railroad company has offered a spe
cial rate to the regiment of $1 50 for the
round trip, and a committee composed of
1.. F. Byington, president of the joint
committee; J. F. Dockery, Fred Lees and
Percy Long, will call upon the colonel to
morrow to extend a formal invitation.
Sheriff Milton Besse of Santa Cruz,
grand marshal of the order, was present
at the meeting ami outlined the plan of
the Santa Cruz committee. He stated that
the morning parade would form at the
depot at 11 o'clock sharp and would move
at thai hour, whether there was any one
to march or not. Objection was raised to
the early hour, and it was decided to ap
ply to the railroad to have the hour of
leaving on Saturday morning changed
from 7:45 to t>:4.",, in order that those who
do not leave on Friday might have time
to participate in the opening of the gen
eral celebration.
As the schedule now stands, a special
train over the narrow gauge is to leave
at 8:30 Friday night, and two more at 7:45
and 8:15 Saturday morning. The broad
gauge will leave at 9 o'clock Saturday
morning. Tickets, at $2 50 for the round
trip, will be good to return until the 12th.
Ban Away From Stockton.
Hattie Butler, a girl Id years of age,
was arrested on the arrival of the boat
from Stockton yesterday and taken to
the City Prison. She ran away from her
home in Stockton and was arrested on a
dispatch sent to Chief Lees by her uncle,
J. B. Bates, who runs a cyclery there.
Gateß called at .the prison yesterday af
tefnoon and will take the girl home.
—. ♦ .
One of the oldest bridges In Europe Is
soon to disappear under the demand for
better navigation of the river It spans.
This is the stone bridge, with fifteen
arches, and a total length of 994 feet, built
across the Danube at Regensburg (Hatis
bon), In Bavaria, by Puke Henry the Su
perb in 1135-48.
NAVAL RESERVE
MEN TO CRUISE
ON THE BADGER
Will Have Eight Days'
Practice at Sea.
ALL HANDS READY FOR WORK
SIX DAYS WILL BE DEVOTED
TO STEADY DRILL.
Hans Hansen, Who Was Injured on
the Steamer Portland, Was
Brought Into Port on the
Cruiser Badger.
The auxiliary cruiser Badger arrived
from Portland via Eureka yesterday and
■will go out on a cruise again to-day with
about 200 members of the Xaval Reserve.
Of these about fifty come Eureka,
while the remainder will oe from San
Francisco and Oakland. The boys will
assemble aboard the training ship Marlon
at 7:30 a. m. to-day and half an hour later
will be in harness aboard the Badger.
AH of yesterday Lieutenant Commander
Nerny, Paymaster White and Lieutenant
llarlow were superintending the trans
ferring of stores and bedding from the
training ship to the cruiser, and every
thing was In readiness aboard the vessel
by sundown.
The officers nf the Xaval Reserve who
will be In command of the men are:
Lieutenant Commander T. A. Nerney.
Paymaster Douglas White, Lieutenant
Charles V. Ott (Eureka), Lieutenant (ju
nior grad«) G. P. Smith (Eureka), Lieu
tenants (junior grade) James L. Emanuel
and Thomas S. Harlow, Ensigns E. Mc-
Laughlin and T. F. Foley (Eureka), G. E.
Kammerer and W. G. Morrison, and As
sistant Entrineer W. Speck.
The cruisv will probably be to the Santa
Barbara channel and return. It will take
a day to get the men on their sea leg?
and then the regular drilling will begin.
The routine for the six days the Badger
will be at sea will be as follows:
FIRST DAY,
At 9:30-10:15— Muster and stations at pun?:
instructions about training, elevating kil!
sighting.
At 10:45-11:16— Aiming drill; l:3f-2:30-Tfiking
apart breech mechanism; Instructions concern
ing parts; cleaning and returning same.
At 2:.W (after finishing above) -Continue aim-
Ing drill until ench man has made a target.
BECOND PAT.
At 9:30-10:15— Having sent men wtin were at
flve-inch to the three-pounder guns and vice
vena, carry out exactly the same routine as
Him day.
THIRP PAY.
At 9:80 -Muster at stations; sub-caliber prac
tice; crev.-R drilled as ir tiring regularly, but
each gun acts Independently; each man flres
ten shots, then "shift stations."
FOURTH DAY.
At 9:30-10:15 — Muster at stations: sub-caliber
practice; fln=t and second gun captains fire;
commence firing und cease tiring by bugle, as
In reffulnr divisional drill.
At 10:45 Aiming drill.
At 1:30-2:30 Same ;i> forenoon: after com
pletinp jrun drill finish aiming drill, each man
making a target.
KIFTH DAT.
At 9:30 — Muster at stations; <*ach g-un fire
pounds at target: guns fin* in succession.
At I:3o— Continue morning work.
SIXTH DAY.
At 9:3o— Muster at >t:itlon.<«; complete worl
of the fifth day. and when completed the nava
militia will be examined In all drills, signals
etc.
At I:3o— Continue forenoon work until fin
ished.
BULLETIN ON GUN DECK OF BADGER
■4- i. Don't get seasick!!!
4- I. Don't whistle on the ship;
4- the boatswain's mates are paid ♦
+ forty dollars per month to do all 4
-- the whistling. 4
-- :■;. If you are an enlisted man, 4
-- don't try to get on convivial terms 4
"♦" with the captain or any of the 4
♦ officers. You may be as good as 4-
T they are. but it is not good form 4
-4^ to ackno'w ledge it. 4
-- 4. Don't spit to windward or on +
♦ deck! 4
+ 5. l'on't pull the life buoy button 4-
T to see if it will work!! ♦
I 6- Don't lean up npainpt the
4- paintwork!! <>.
4- 7. ]■■ n't smoke on the quarter- <►
+ deck nor during target practice!! 4
4- R. Don't say "uDStairs." "down- 4-
♦ stairs"::: 4
4- 9. Don't find fault with the ra- 4
4- tions. for they have sustained men 4
-- who have faced more hostile guns 4
+ than you perhaps will ever see!! 4
4: 10. Don't be a fresh guy and 4
4- don't try to kid Uncle Sam'.s help, ♦
4 for they will fool you!!! ♦
y 11. Don't know more about the 4
Jj navy than the people who run It!!! T
T 12. Don't be a hog at your mess
X table, but act in a ladylike manner ♦
4- at all times. 4
4- 4
o^^f^^f>4 44- 4 444-4 44-444^44©
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agznis and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
A ROMPING PLACE
FOR CHILDREN
PUBLIC PLAYGEOUNDS SOUTH
OF MARKET STREET.
The little children south of Market
street are sogn to have a public play
ground, somewhere in the district bound
ed by Sixth, Second, Market and Harri
son streets. The Merchants' Association's
officers and the ladies of the California
: JJlub have been at work on this project
j for several weeks, and matters are be
ginning to assume shape. A year or more
j ago the ladies of the clut» established a
playground for children at Hyde and
Bush streets and fitted the same with
springboards, parallel bars, seesaws,
teeters, etc., and the place has been so
well patronized that the move was start
ed to secure grounds in other parts of the
city. In the East, where the children of
the crowded centers of habitation have
no chance to romp after the manner of all
young, public grounds have proved to bo
| of an inestimable advantage. Before they
i were established the youngsters were
obliged to play on the streets or not frolic
; at all.
As might be expected, the number of
! accidents from being run down by vehi
cles and horses was large, but since the
experiment was made the list of fatali
ties has fallen off materially. That knowl
edge was what started the good ladles of
j the California Club, and the first experi
] ment here was so successful that the
i merchants' organization took up the work
of assisting the club to establish more.
Superintendent King of the association,
during his recent trip to the East, made
a study of public playgrounds, and when
he was called into this enterprise he de
cided that the children needing fresh air
the most are those in the thickly Inhabit
ed district mentioned.
Several lots are under consideration by
Mr. King and the ladies of the club, and
one will be selected very soon. It will be
flitted with all of the appliances for
amusement and exercise of the other
grounds, and it is very likely that a hand
ball court will be added. If the lot chosen
be large enough a small baseball ground
will be laid out. When the proposed
I grounds have been selected and arranged
the association and club will begin prepa
rations for another playground, beyond
Sixth street toward the Mission, where
the children are many and the chances
for innocent fun are few.
INTERSTATE
ASSEMBLY OF
EXPERT MINERS
Plans of the Coast
Association.
GENERAL ADVANCE FOR LAWS
ANNUAL STATE CONVENTION
ON OCTOBER 23.
The California Miners' Association
After Revision of Federal Min
ing Laws and a Secretary
of Mining.
The mining States and Territories of
the entire Pacific Coast region are to join
in the annual convention of the Califor
nia Miners' Association next month, ac
cording to present plans, and the conven
tion promises to be the most Important
on© held since the organization of this
big association eight years ago.
President J. H. Neff, in conference with
Secretary E. H. Benjamin and other
members of the executive committee, yes
terday, decided to call the annual con
vention this year for October 23 and suc
ceeding days! There will be many mat
tors of interest and importance before
the convention this year, but the para
mount features are to be the revision and
amendment of the Federal mining laws
and the creation of a Cabinet Department
of Mines, two matters which the Califor
nia Miners' Association began to agitate
in its infancy and which it will now take
hold cf with especial energy.
As the entire mining industry is in
terested in these measures the rest of the
mining States are to be asked to help
make the convention an interstate affair.
Each Governor is to be requested to ap
point ten delegates and to name influen
tial men who will attend. With the pres
ent Mfc in the mining field there is every
prospect of a cordial response and a large
attendance from neighboring States,
while the Increased interest in the asso
ciation, with its membership of 9000 in the
mining counties, insures a big body of
regular delegates.
The committees of the association in
charge of the arrangements for the annu
al meeting of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, beginning on the 25th
inst., met last night to consider progress.
Secretary Benjamin reported active pre
parations by Boards of Supervisors and
local committees to entertain the visitors
during their two weeks' trip about the
State and read the itinerary as published
in The Call. It was estimated that besides
the local entertainments provided by dif
ferent communities the association would
need about $6000, which would be easily
raised.
RECEPTION TO THE
CALIFORNIA REGULARS
PLAN ON FOOT TO FITTINGLY
RECEIVE THEM.
Initial Meeting of Relatives Held at
the Home of Mrs. Baird Last
Night— What They Pro
pose to Do.
A movement is under way to give the
' numbers of the Fourteenth, Eighteenth
and Twenty-third Infantry Rogriments,
Fourth Cavalry and Third Artillery a re
ception on their arrival In this city. This
was suggested by reason of th. fact that
in all the organizations mentioned there
; are scores of California boys who, un
willing <>r too late to join the ranks of
the Kirs; California Volunteers, yet anx
to go to the front In defense of their
I flag « i fisted in the regular army.
Mrs. V. C. Baird, who resides at 2513
j Pacific avenue, was the originator of the
i idea and she set the ball rolling by call
ing a meeting at her residence last night.
The notice of the proposed meeting was
published in the three dailies and as a
result Mrs. Balrd's home was crowded to
overflowing. The lady had expected but
two dozen, but she was agreeably sur
prised to discover that there are Innu
merable relatives of the men living in this
city.
The Initial meeting was for the purpose
of discussing the best means of arrang
ing a reception to the boys, not, however,
on the gigantic scale In which the gal
lant Firsi was received, but in a manner
thai wmilii fittingly express the delight
the folks at home felt In having their
loved ones once more in their midst. J.
K. Baird, who is a brother of a member
I of the First California Regiment and also
!of one In the Fourteenth Infantry,
called the relatives to order. An informal
discussion foHowed his statement of the
object of the meeting, after which a com
mittee, consisting of .Mrs. Russell Bassett,
sister of Captain and Corporal Sparrowe
of Company t; and one of the hardest
! workers in the reception to the returned
heroes; Alex Mann and J. \V. Burso i,
whose sons are in one of the organiza
tions, was appointed to arrange a meet
ing place. The commands mentioned aie
expected here on the 14th. it is highly
probable that the new body of relatives
after organizing will appeal to the ;xec
tive committee for funds to assist it in
carrying on its plan of reception. The
next meeting of the relatives will be held
the Inter part of the week. Due notice
ot same will be given in the daily papers.
BRUTALITY OF POUND MEN.
Two of Them Seize a Poodle and
Grossly Abuse Its Owner.
Although the Police Judges have im
posed severe penalties upon deputy
poundkeepers who abuse citizens while
seizing their canines, they will not take
a lesson and continue to display un
necessary brutality in the performance
of their duty.
Yesterday morning Andrew Moffat, a
man of small stature, who arrived from
the Klondike about a week ago, and is
temporarily living at 32 Natoma street,
was standing on the corner of Natoma
and Second streets. He had a small
Spanish poodle in his arms which his
wife had obtained in South America be
fore they went to the Klondike.
The pound wagon drove up and two
deputies jumped off. One of them grab
bed hold of Moffat's wrist and twisted
it around while the other kicked his legs
from under htm and he fell on the
ground. They took the poodle from him
and when he demanded an explanation
telling them that he was simply on a
visit here for a few weeks, one of them
struck him on the nose and told him
gruffly that he should have had. a tag
on the doer.
Moffat and his wife called at police
headquarters and made a complaint
against the deputy pound men, but they
were advised to apply for warrants for
their arrest this morning and they prom
ised to do so.
■ m «
CORRALING SALMON.
A few days ago the Fish and Game
Commissioners learned that an illegal ob
struction to the migration of fish had
been placed in the Tuolumne River, and
on Sunday Deputies C. A. Vogelsang and
Kercheval made a trip to the place men
tioned. Near Grayson they found that
parties, without the proper fear of the
law or consideration for "the fish of the
future, had placed across the river a fine
wire fence, through which salmon and
shad could not pass. A cleverly con
structed pocket had been put into the
wire, so that every fish attempting to go
up or down the river would surely be
caught. The material of the Illegal trap
must have cost considerable.
The deputies ripped out the obstruction
which was turned over to the township
Constable, and then they destroyed all
of the anchorage, etc., on the banks. So
far the parties who put in the trap have
not been discovered, but if they are they
will be prosecuted vigorously. The mini
mum fine for this offense is $100, and as
the case can be tried in the Superior
Court the offenders are likely to receive
a greater punishment. The commission
is determined to break up this gang of
law breakers.
Ladles' tailor-made HUlts, fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Poet et.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 4, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62. Independence 88
Sad Bluff 78 Los Angeles 81
Sacramento 1H B ft l a ma Di ! go ..:::::::::::io'
Fresno 84 Yuma ™*
temperature,
60; minimum, .'4; mean. 57. „_»,.„„ »t
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There are two well-marked low areas on the
Pacific slope. A storm of moderate energy
overlies Oregon and Washington. Brisk south
easterly wind with occasional thunderstorms
Is reported over the northern half of the Pa-
Ci Rain°has fallen from Eureka to Neah Bay
The pressure 1. falling rapidly over the Lower
California coast, and a moderate low is now
over Southeastern California, which may move
northward and unite with the storm on the
O On temperature has fallen from i lt 10
degrees over Northern California and Oregon.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Independence. 26 miles per hour.. from
the west, and Fort Canby 30 miles, from the
B °Fo«cast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September 6. .^-
For Northern California-Cloudy Tuesday
brisk southeasterly winds, changing to west
erly; rain In extreme northern portion.
For Southern California-Cloudy Tuesday,
sandstorms in Interior; brisk northwest wind.
For Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; probably show
ers in northern portion. cooler; showers ._
For X'tah-Cloudy Tuesday; cooler; showers in
north portion.
For Arizona-Fair Tuesday . _.
For San Francisco and vicinity-Cloudy Tues
day; fresh southwesterly, changing to west
erly wind. ALEXAKDERG^^DIE^
EASTERN MARKETS.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. CATTLE— An unexpect
edly dull run of cattle to-day resulted in a
strong market and an advance in prices of 10c
for the better classes. Good to choice cattle,
II 70S 6 65; commoner grades, $4 10*14 65; stockers
and feeders, $3 2M5 4 90; bulls, cows and heifers,
$2<uj 25; Texas steers, $3 30<g4 30; calves, $4 50@
HOGS— There was a fairly active demand for
hoes at about Saturday's prices, with a few
sales of prime hogs at a slight advance. Heavy
hogs *■'; 90(g4 55; mixed lots, $4 1504 65; light,
$4 20®4 •'.",; pigs, J3 40@3 50; culls, $2@3 90.
SHEEP— Sheep were In active demand at
steady prices, but lambs were slow at declining
prices. Sheep, $4 25<&4 50 for prime native
wethers, commoner grades bringing J2fi3 50,
and Western grass sheep $4^4 25; choice spring
lambs $." sr.(??6: ordinary, $3 7r/a3 80.
Hereipts— Cattle, 17,000; hoge, 21,000; sheep,
25.000.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Sept. 4 —The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices at auction to-day:
Grapes— Malaga, single crates, 6;/assc, average
Pears— Bartletts, boxes. 95c@J2 10, average,
$1 41; imerre Hardy. Jl 16@1 85, average $1 2*.
Prunes— Fallenberg, slnele crate.-*, 62c; Gros, ;
>1 RO; Silver, 90c@$l 10, average flc. Twenty
, v - - ! 10-day. Favorable weather.
LONDON Bepi 4.— The Karl Fruit Company
Bold California fruit at auction as follows:
Pears HarUetts, two-fifths boxes. Jl 44'<; : .■>.
ay( race .'I M; Ruerre Hardy. $1 t>S<?l 92, average j
jl 71 Buerre Clalrgt-au. Jl ?AKI 56, average ,
Jl 14 Winter Sockel, single crates. Jl 43^2 04.
average jl 44 Plums— Golden Prop, single
crates $" 04@2 2S, average J2 OS; Keisey, $2 04® |
.■rag" $2 58. Prunes -Gros, single crates,
M 14<;1 92, average Jl 60; Silver, $2 MS 2 28, av
erage J2 16.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— Silver, 27% d: French
rentes, lOof 72 1 jc; wheat cargoes off coaM, buy
ers indifferent operators; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 Standard
-nia. <29s 6d: English country markets,
wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 1. 900,O"O quarters: wheat and flour
n passage to Continent. 1,420,000 quarters.
LIVERPOOL,. Sept. 4.— Wheat, firm; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 15-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 Northern spring.
Gs Id.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new, 3s
4 '.<i; American mixed old, 3s 4 1 4 d.
LONDON, Sept. . Canadian Pacific, 99%;
Union Pacific preferred, 82%: Northern Pacific
preferred 79 7 i; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda,
ll'i: bar silver, steady, 27% d per ounce; money.
ZH w cent.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Michael J. Donovan to Lizzie M. Kavanagh,
lot on S line of Ellis street, 68:9 E of Steiner,
E 34:4% by S 112:6; $5.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Albert T.
Hi •■•■;■• lot on E line of Carmelita (Primrose)
street. 215 B of Waller, S 25 by E 95, lot 13,
block 3, Marion Tract; $10.
Same to Tobias Roberts, lot on E line of
Carmelita (Primrose) street, 240 S of Waller,
S 21 by E 86, lot 14. block 3, same; $10.
John and Sarah McKinney to Susan Burners
(wife of William M.), lot on N line of Twenty
second street, 62 : C Eof Treat avenue, E3O by
N 95: HO.
Daniel Meyer to Patrick Moloney, lot on W
line of Prosper street, i*-2:« N of Seventeenth,
N 25 by \v 68:9; 11.
Isaac L. and Anna A. Merrill to same, same;
$10.
James BicLea to Belle M. Lea, lot on SE line
of Mission street, 226 NE of Fourth, N'H 50 by
SE 100; also lot on SW corner of Bush and
Dupont, \V 28 by S 22; also lot on S line of
Folsom. 70 NB of Third. NE 67:6. SE 93:6,
SW 37:6,. NW 22, SW 30, NW 71:6; $10.
Michael J. Donovan to Lizzie M. Donovan,
lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 150 N of
D street, E 120 by N 100; $1000.
Olive verkouteren to William Ballin, lot on
W line of Roanoke street, 50 N of Laldley,
N 25 by W 113, lot 52, block 4. Mission and
Thirtieth Street Homestead; $10.
[da Meyer to Felix Man-use, lot on W line
of Stanyan street, 50 S of Parnassus. S 25 by
W 81:3; also lot on W line of Stanyan street,
75 S of Parnassus, S 26 by W 81:3; $10.
Felix and Deltina Marcuse to Ida Meyer,
same (two pieces); $10.
Alameda County.
Kate F. Sypolt to A. H. Duncombe. lot on S
side of Thirty-fourth street, 294:6*4 E of Grove,
E 37:6 by S 100.56, being portion of lots 32 and
33, Collins Tract, Oakland; $10.
A. H. Duncombe to John H. Van Every,
same, Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Skllllng- (widow), Henry H. Skillim;
and Minnie L. Leffler to John M. Van Every,
lot on S side of Thirty-fourth street, 257:014 E
of Grove street, E 37:6. S 100.55, W 36:6, W 100.65
to beginning, being portion of lots 31 and 32,
same, Oakland; $10.
John E. and Ragina Keyer to Henry Fisher,
lot on E side of Grove street, 47.50 N of Thirty
seventh, N 50 by E 125, being lot 6 block G
Apjrar Tract, Oakland: $10.
Charles R. and Mary W. Root to Thomas
Cannon, lot on N line of Sixteenth street 34 E
of West street, E 6, N 75, E 5, N 28:9, \V 10 S
103:9 to beginning, block F, property North
Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland; $10.
Percie C. Black (as administrator of the es
tate of Joseph Harley) and J. S. Nicholas (by
W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to Oakland Bank
of Savings, lot on W line of Park street or
Twenty-third avenue, 175 S of Frederick S 25
by W 125, being lot 8, block A, Camden Twenty
third Avenue Tract, East Oakland; $719.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Wil
liam H. S. Owen, lot 84, In plot 33, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $33.
Same to Mary Sorenson. lot 7, In plat 26,
same. Oakland Township; $31.
James R. and Margaret A. Little to Char
lotte E. Blyth (wife of Henry), lot on N line
of Durant avenue. 200 E of Fulton street, E "0
by N 130, being portion of lot 7. block 13, Col
lege Homestead, Berkeley; $100.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
Walter M. and Llllie C. Bramhall) to San
Francisco Savings Union, 557 d 413, lots 4 and
17 in block 17, on map of Leonard's subdivided
blocks 16, 17 and 18. in Bartlett 30-acre tract
same; trustees' deed, Alameda; $2400 *
Same (trustees for William 'D. Hobro) to
same, 557 d 293, lot on W corner of Jefferson
and Peach street, NW 135:6 by SW 100 beine
lots 4 to 7, block 52, map of Alameda, trustees'
deed, Alameda: $500. ' " ustee3
S. C. Bigelow to H. L. Holcomb lot on SF
corner of Howe street, 150 SW of Mather S\V
30 by SE 12,'., being lot 19, block L. Thermal
Hill, formerly the Howe tract, Oakland- $10
P. E. Bowles to City of Oakland lot R'a-74=
on map showing lands to be taken for openina
Commerce street from E Twelfth to E Twenty
second. East Oakland: $250. twenty.
William and Aggie E. Corbtn to R. E Davis
lot on S side of Hanover avenue 249 W r,i
j Newton, W 40. S 129.013. E 40. N 125 015 to be
grinning, being the W 40 feet, lot 13 block v
Peralta Heights. East Oakland- $io" '
Giles A. Easton to Mary Esther Easton lot
S7 in plat 30. Mountain View Cemetery £&«-
Township; gift. «-«"iiana
Same to same, lot 5, block B, Percy Tract
also lot on NW corner of Bancroft way an,
Atherton street, N 90 by W 136.21. block 7 mar
of Addition to Villa Lots Joining the Univer
sity Site on the south: also lot on W lln« ni
' Atherton street, 90 N of Bancroft wav N 10 £1
W 136.21. being the N 10 feet lot 42 "block 7 of
' Addition to Villa Lots adjoining the Univer^i
| on the south, Berkeley; grant vn 'versitj
Lucinda and P. B. McCourt to J. A Stephen.,
lot 8. block B. Adeline Tract, Berkeley ■ $?£ '
Alexander Campbell to Robert P. Campbell
and Hannah McConnell. lot on W line of rw,
tral avenue, 258 S of Stuart avenue V 200 hi
6 200. being all pi block M, Trumbull Tract
Brooklyn Township; gift. , ■'ran,
Margaret Jane Grant to Elizabeth Ella Grant
lot on NW corner of Jones st. 455 SW of Penni
To wn Bn78 n7p n ; U !io. SW2sby ™ 125 ' B ™*'>-
Charles H. and Bella E. Gorham to J. D
i Bennett, lot on S line or Delaware street. 13:
■ ■
AUCTION SALES.
fe> £» £p»
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT HEALEY'S STOCKYARDS.
1701 Harrison st., corner ol Thirteenth.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY. SEPT. 5, 1899, AT 11 A. M.
By order of William Lock we will sell sixty
head of horses, broke and unbroke, ranging
In weight from 900 to 1300 pouuds and from
5 to 7 years old.
Horses now at above yards.
We call the attention of lfverymen, milk-
men and expressmen to these horses and ad-
vise them to call and see them.
>J SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Sbcth street.
W of Division. -W 33 by S 100. being lot 21.
block 9, Shaw Tract. Berkeley (subject to
mortgage); : _, _ 
Beatrice and 'Edward .T. Burs: to W. J. Mor
timer, lot on NE corner of Oregon street and
Grove avenue (or street). N 40, E 112.06. S 39.59.
W 115 to beginning, being lot 1. block 20, Shat
tuck Tract, map 6, Berkeley; $10.
Christine Pehohel to August Welke. lot on N
line of Prince street, 60 E of Calais, X 50 by
N 135, being lot 10, block I, Harmon Tract,
Berkeley; gift.
Antonio and Amelia S. Lucio to Jose C. Var
gas, the W half of a portion of lot 2, contain
ing 4.02 acres, being a subdivision of Jane
Dutton 59.60-acre tract near San Leandro, be
ing more particularly described as follows:
2.01 acres, beginning at a point on the N
boundary line of said lot 2. midway between
the E and V extremities thereof on Dutton,
avenue thence W 89.9 to Lands of Cardozo,
thence S 1068 to San Leandro Creek, thence E
82. 6. . N 1050.8 to beginning, Brooklyn Town
ship'; $10.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic survey-
Times and Heights of Hicrh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hich ami low waters occur at
the city front (Mipsion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Sun rises — 5:43
Sun sets 8:S5
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
d ITimel (Time! ITimel Time
P Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. 1 1 Ft.
9 LW jH W [L W H W
TT..I 5:461 1.0] 12:18] 5.31 6:161 1.0
H W [L Wf (HWl L W
7 I 0:35 4.9! 6:16] 1.3! 12:411 6.4 6:56 0.7
* " " 1:20 4.7 6:49 1.6! l:07t 6.5 7:39 0.5
9 *"l 2*11 4.5 7:24 2.0 1:40 5.5 8:30 0.4
10 ".I 3:10! 4.2 8:031 2.5 2:20! 5.5 9:26 0.3
1 ' 4-24 4.0! 8:65 2.9 3:051 6.5 10:30 0.2
19 "'• B:40 4.01 9:59] 3.1 4:06] 6.5 11:35 0.2
NOTE the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column srlves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from,
the depth given by the charts. The plane of,
reference is the mean of the lower law waters.
Steamer Movements*
TO ARRr^E
Steamer. | From. j Du».
Homer ISt Michael [Sep. 5
Bertha St. Michael ISep. 6
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor ISep. 5
Czarina Puget Sound 'Sep. 5
Areata Coos Bay (Sep. 5
Corona San Diego Sep. 5
Aberdeen (Humboldt ISep. 5
Samoa Humboldt — 'Sep. 6
Titanla Nanaimo — - Pep. 6
Mackinaw ITaeoma Pep. 6
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 7
Columbia Portland [Sep. 7
San Juan Panama - Sep. 7
Santa Cruz Newport Sep. 7
Willamette ....'Nanaimo ISep. 7
Point Arena IPoint Aroma 'Sep. 8
Wellington [Departure Bay 'Sep. 8
Santa Rosa .. San Diego ISep. 9
City of Rio J.. China ami Japan Pep. 9
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Pound Pep. 9
State of Cal.... I Portland 'Pep. 12
Australia 'Honolulu 'Sep. 1-
TO SAIL.
Steamer. [ Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
A Blanch' Coos Bay Pop. 5, 10 am | Pier 13
Coos Bay... | Newport ISep. 5, 9 am Pier 11
State Cal...1 Portland [Sep. 5, 10 am Pier 24
Aloha Cape Nome.. .|Pep. 5, 4 pm'Pler 3
Pomona IHumboIdt Sep. 6, 2 pmiPier 9
Newtrarg ..[Grays HarborlSep. 6, 4 pm|
Alameda ..Sydney Sep. 6, 10 pm [Pier 7
Areata Coos Pay Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Diego Sep. 7, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 7, 9 am Pier 2
Curacao ...Mexico Pep. 7. 10 am'Pier 11
Aeapulco ..'Panama Sep. S. 12 m|PMSS
Walla Wall' Vie & Pgt Sd. Pop. S. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Cruz. INewport ISep. 9, 9 am'Pier 11
Homer ! Cape Nome... [Sep. 9 1
Columbia ..[Portland Sep. 10, 10 am Pier 24
Samoa IHumboIdt ISep. 10, 10 am Pier 2
Xip Marti.. '■•h-r.a&- Japan VI, 1 pmjPMSS
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, September 4.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, CranKle, 6 days from
Sius'iaw River. _• .
Stmr Alice ■ Blanchard, Hall, 60 hours from
Cr.ns Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. 36 hours from Mobs
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Tacoma. Dlxon, 70 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 86 hours from
Crescent City. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage. 63 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound port*.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 27 hours from Ea
rea S stmr Badger, Miller. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
SAILED.
Monday, September 4.
Stmr Weeott. Ellis, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. M«ndocino.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, Eureka.
Schr Marlon, Topfer. Everett. . .
Schr Eclipse, Forest, Eureka.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Walla Walla, from Victoria, Sept
4 — gept 3, at 8 a m, passed stmr CSarlna, from
Seattle for San Francisco, with raft in tow off
Rogue River, lat 42 26 N. lon 124 35 W; blowing
fresh SE. - ." ;.
■;■;;" :-;.■ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 4. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 mllee.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 4— Schr Comet,
from Tacoma.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept 3— Bktn Re
triever, from San Pedro; schr Prosper, from
Port Gamble.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept Bark Hunter, fm
Port Townsend: schr Lily L, from Bristol Bay.
Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Al-Kl, for Dyea; stmr
Dlrigo, for Dyea.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 2— Schr Mel
ancthon, hence Auk 16. Sept — Schr Jennie
Thelin, hence Aug 16.
Sailed Sept Schr Gem. for Santa Barbara;
schr J B Leeds, for Honolulu.
BALLARD- 'Sailed Auk 30— Schr H D Ben
dlxen. for Honolulu.
IVERSENS LA Ml NO— Arrived Sept 4— Schr
J Epplnger, hence Sept 1.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 4— Schr
Muriel, from Tacoma, for Kobe; schr Sailor
Boy, from St Michael.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Scotia,
hence Sei>t 3.
VKXTITU- Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Sept 3.
Sailed Sei>t 4 — Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 4— Bark Carrollton,
hence Ana: 15.
Sailed Sept 4— Ship Hecla, for Sydney
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 4 — Bark Harry
Morse, from Bristol Hay.
Sailed Sept 3— Br ship Durbridge. for
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Sent 3.
Sailed Sept 4— Schr Norma, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 3, at 5 p m— Stmr
Rival, hence Sept 1.
Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 4— Stmr
Whitesboro, for San Francisco-.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAGOA BAY -Sailed Sept 4— Bark Snow &
Burgess, for Newcastle. Aus.
NEWCHWANG Sailed Aug 7— Bktn J M
Griffith, for Port Hadlock.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Sept 4— Haw schr Hono
lulu, for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA -Arrived Sept 4 - Jap stmr
Hongkong llaru. hence Aug 17
, AI ' ( 'KLANn-Saileil Sept 4— Stmr Marlposa,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
f^f&SS&S" 1^ Sept <~ stmr Italla
u^TK R Nrw t l^ Sept Noord
fcS^ew^k"*" 1 SePt 4 ~ Stmr Phoenlcla '
f^mloJa°oI K Xrrlved Sept *" Stmr ManltoU 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FLAXEH-HAIRED
MERCHANT LEO
HER TO DESERT
Why Florence Merle
Left Her Husband.
Oak:.. I Office San Francisco Call.
9US Broadway, Sept. 1
A default having been entered in the
divorce suit of B. J. v. Merle against
Florence ■• Merle, brought recently on
the ground of desertion, the taking of
testimony will be begun before Court
Commissioner Habcock -morrow.
Since the tiling of the suit it has de
veloped that a llaxen-haired Oakland
merchant was the object for which pretty
Florence Merle deserted her husband, but
this merchant is not named nor referred
to m the husband's complaint.
The parties were married in Contra
Costa County in ISSI. Both were children
o. well-to-do ranchers there and the
match was considered a fortunate one.
About six years ago the young couple,
tinner of the quiet scenes on the old farm,
and pining for the excitement of city life,
moved to Oakland. There the husband
found employment as a motorman on the
A .an.- electric railway, and during
his busy moments, it seems, his erstwhile
sedate farm lassie learned too many of
the ways that lead to matrimonial
troubles in city life, until one day the
nustiand. to his horror, learned that his
wife's affections had been alienated by a
flaxen-haired nn reliant. Soon thereafter
the wife left the husband she had taken
for better or for worse to care for their
two little children. She has never ap
peared to answer the divorce suit.
A pitiful ease of a young girl seeking
a divorce, also on the ground of desertion.
Is recited in the complaint by Edith Horan
against Denis Horan, a section • man
In the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company. li appears that a year ago
the plaintiff, then Miss Edith 'Murphy.
ag^d 1, years, met Horan at her parents'
l.oardtng-house in Redding. A friendship
sprang up between the couple which rip
ened into something more serious, for one
day when Horan left the old hov.se for
good it developed that he had promised
to lead Edith to the altar. Aft. waiting
several Wfek^ for his return the girl set
out to search for her prospective spouse.
Through the kindly offices of Colonel
Dimpfel. then secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Vice. Horan was
located and induced through a ruse to
come to Oakland, where a Deputy Sheriff
placed him under arrest immediately. In
jail he was persuaded that ho had best
(•xecutehispiumiseofmarria.se. He final
ly consented, and Dr. Coyle of the First
Presbyterian Church spoke the solemn
word.- that united the couple. The marital
bliss, however, was of short duration, for \
within v few days Horan deserted the
little woman and left her to eke out an
existence as best she could. Hence the
divorce suit;
VISITING ARCHITECTS
ON BERKFLFY CAMPUS
RKELEY, Sept. 4.— An exceptionally
■
■
■
whose
■
I r, Walter < '•■•>k and
an is
■ ■
• point to an
ach with : to the
up.
r William Carey Jor.es ai
R. M I thi arch;
--■ lock trajn
■
. .
Tennis Clubs Finals.
AL.' . -Th< Bellevue Ten
i tournament at its
courts '
vi were defeated by
I
ajid Jones del I Bruntsch
2. In the
Rank were de- '
. 6 — 3.
Jones won
■ 2—lo.
■ nament Mr. 1 1
ted by Mr.
2. In
i Mr.
n Mrs. Parks and Mrs.
Whlti . f >— 3. The third match
• Eisen,
; [unt< r and Mr. Me- ,
—2.
Honor Henry George's Memory.
UAKla.mj, »r-pi. •».— . .. ■■ .■ i meaa
County Single Tax Society celebrated the
sixtieth anniversary of the birthday ol
Henry George a.t Hamilton [all to-night.
Seats* were free and the hall was well
thronged. Judge John Bherwln Crosby
perhaps the. greatest orator in the ranks
of the single-taxers ami an eminent jurist
of New York City; was the Fpeeial guest
at honor and delivered the oration of th*
evening. His discourse w~as eulogistic ol
the great advocate of single-tax whose
anniversary was being observed, and hi.«
remarks on the doctrine itself were very
general in their scope. Sprinkled as it
was with many little humorous anecdotes
his oration proved very interesting.
Poet Markham in Demand.
OAK I. AN I ». Sept. 4. (harks Kdvnn
Markham, author of "The Man With the
has appli< d I l of Edu
for a s ear's • ••• He
has so raai
mands for poems ti. e1 re
turn to the prindpalship of the Tumpklns
will be granted.
GRAPE-NUTS.
OOGOGOOGGGO@OGGOOO©OGO
G G
• A Surgeon's |
o . o
S Remarks §
o ®
© ABOUT |
| GRAPE- §
2 NUTS o
9 G
c SEE BELOW O
O@O9GOOOOBGGBGOGGGOOO9
SURGEON OF PEARY EXPEDITION.
Dr. E E. Vincent, Now In Charge of the
Keeley Institute, Detroit.
Jjr. Vincent lately obtained such val-
tin.hU' per«oT»al aid from the famous
G/aj,"-NutH food, that he has been kind
enough to volunteer the following in-
tqrmal\on:
'In recbromending your Grape-Nuts
food I epeak from peristmal experience
v/h"ti r.uff'-rhiK from a tedious attack
>ti jaundice which wa« .he result of
nervou* dynp'-ptfia, brought on by over-
work and clone confinement. Your
preparation wan of such infinite value
In my own illn'Eß that when In charge
of one of the largest Keeley Institutes
in the United States, I introduced the
food ra the table a» a regrular article
of diet.
■•V.' receive many patients who for
days have been unable to retain food
In the stomach, and I have the first one
to treat who could not retain the food.
On the contrary, patients invariably
find Grape-Nuts nourishing and palat-
able."
MRS. HELENA E. KINSNER.
ARLINGTON IS
DESERTED BY HIS
LAST FRIEND
Mrs. Renner Sorry for
the Bunkoer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sej t. 4.
The conviction of Arthur Arlington, the
arch bunkoer of unsuspecting women,
and his ln< arceration in the Ala
: ty Jail, where he is awaiting sen
■ ■ ■ fur having robbed a lady of $214,
have all a ton -.■■••
pulations with at least one woman,
v. ho has Btill had Implicit faith In
his virtues. To her the- smooth deceiver
g&y Lothario has always been the
embodiment of an unfortunate old g
man who has fallen a victim to the ln
is artifices of women. This
friend is Mrs. Lena Renner of 1210 Larkin
San Francisco, and both while he
was In the San Francisco prison and
while en In the Alarueda County
Jail she bas be< n a frequent visitor.
To-day sh. pi s, .- as the last victim of
• r. Through trying to help
ut of the meshes ■ : the law she has
left penniless, and she has suddenly
. • d that she. too, }b no mure nor less
than one of Arlington's victims.
"I have done all 1 could for Mr. Ar
lington," said Mrs. Renner, "and what
money I - rape together I
have given to his lawyers to iiefend him.
I even soid my furniture, and now have
nothing left I have no longer any friends
i, and wlli t>i back to my
old home in New York, where I have rel
"About seven years ago I met Arlington
In Los Angeles. II- i ame to my pla
hoard and impressed me as a gentleman
in every way. He seemed to think very
much of me. and mad- me offers of mar
riafce. h,. traveled through the country as
list, doing very nicely- Suddenly
lay he disappeared with a woman. 1
took her to San Francisco to
marry her. I moved to San Francisco
shortly afterward, and Arlington soon
3 me up and took rooms in my
•He seemed to be In trouble all the
time and I always offered to give him
what money I had. Yet be always seemed
to want to post- as a rirh man— a mine
owner. At onr- time he was Benl to prison
fur forging a name on a promissory note,
and for a while thereafter 1 heard noth
ing of him. Just as soon as he got in
c in Oakland he sent for me,
and I did for him all 1 could.
"But I am through with him now. He
has four brothers In Washington, and I
think they will help h;m. They have
Jone so on other — salons. Arlington a
first wife Is dead and his two children are
being cared for by their grandmother in
the country."
DESERTED HIS FAMILY
AFTER STEALING CATTLE
BERKELEY, Sept. 4.— The police an*
searching for Reuben Titus, foreman of
the Alameda Water Company's ranch on
Wildcat Creek. Titus has had the man
agement of the water company's ranch
for over a year and a half. On the Zod
of last month be disappeared and It was
found upon examination that fifty head
of cattle belonging to the ranch had dis
appeared also. No news has been neara
of the missing man for nearly two weeks,
nor nave any traces of tnu missing cattle
been discovered. Titus leaves his wife
and children unprovided for.
_ •—<*-•
The Jewish New Year
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— The Jewish New
Year 5660 began at sundown to-day and
marks the opening of the fall cycle of
feasts, including the Day of the Atone
ment and the Feasts of Tabernacles. In
the temple of the First Hebrew Congre
gation of this city, the Synagogue of
Beth Jacob and also in Germania Hall
religious services commenced at 6
o'clock The exercises, Including ser
mons, will continue In each place to-mor
row until evening.
■ ♦ •
Tuttle Landed in Jail.
OAKLAND. Sept. i.— Howard B. Tuttle.
■k who has been wanted by the
fur stealing J27 from th.- Phfl
;.staurant several days ago, was ar
, by Omcer Moore this afternoon.
!J< claims he has been up to Stockton and
that he knows nothing of the alleged
theft.
Sent Back to the Asylum
OAKLAND. Sept. 4.— Mary Hennemann
FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT
TO A LITTLE CHILD
A /*-\ AKLAND Sept. 4.-The little son of Frank Garrison, residing at 1714 _
• I 1 Thirty-nth street, Is gradually recovering from the effectE of a fright- J
I ful accident experienced a f<w days ago, and which will probably dls- _
• I figure th" child for life. The boy, who is 8 years of age. was playing
win a hors<- in a vacant lot. when the animal kicked him in the face. ..
• breaking the left jawbone. He was picked up unconscious, and when w
his mother saw the u K ly wound, that was bleeding profusely, she fainted.
• j» r J Austin Miller and Drs. Sanborn, Blood and Mobley. the latter a "
dertist were summoned, and the delicate operation of wiring together the ,
• broken' jawbone and dressing the lacerated wound was performed success- "
fully, The child had several teeth knocked out, and his entire lower Jaw was
• lacerated. j
TIIU SAN IK A!N CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
:he young woman who was arrested aa a
/agrant, was removed fr^m the County
Fail to-night by her husband to his home
Francisco. Notwithstanding her
;ondition of maternity Bhe is to he re
turned to the Naua Insane Asylum,
ivhf-nce she was discharged last June.
Joseph llenni-mann has been advised
since that ho can send his wife back t>)
he asylum without an order lor her re«
• -nt.
. ♦ .
To Exhibit Featherless Hats
OAKLAND. Sept. 4.— The Shell Society
has arranged to have a ladies' hat and
bonnet show on September 19 and 20. AH
the exhibits will be devoid of any plumage
or any material that has been obtained
at the sacrifice of life. There will also be
an exhibit of colonial hats. The exhibi
tion la part of the movement against the
slaughter of bird life to gratify fashion.
. ♦ .
Colonel Greenleaf to Lecture.
BERKELEY. Sept. i. Colonel unaries
K. Greenleaf will lecture at the Unitarian
church i..ii Dana street to-morrow night
on the Spanish-American War. The lec
ture will be givi ii for the l enefit of the
Berkeley Town and clown Club.
REMARKABLE FLIGHT OF
TWO COVEYS OF QUAIL
SAUSALITO, Sept. 4.— Two coveys <f
quail performed a remarkable feat this
morning. The first covey flow across the
bay from Belvedere to this place —a dis
tune- of over two and a half mil^s — and
alighted upon the cornice of the building
In which Brover & Glynn conduct their
poolroom. Fifteen mitiutes later the per
formance was repeated by a second bevy
of the strong winged birds, but these lat
ter soared Dp the hillside and disappeared
In the brush.
Incredible as Buch a fo.it may seem, in
view of the distance and the known an
tipathy of a quail to a flight across a
broud body of water, there are numerous
witnesses to the occurrence. Eugene
Dukich. a wharfinger in the employ of the
North Pacific Coast Railway Company,
stood at the ferry at C o'clock this morn
ing and saw both coveya coming across
the water. George Ryan and Fred Line
ley saw the first bevy alight upon the
poolroom building. Two quails, a male
and a hen, remained on the cornice of
the structure until late in the evening.
Tiiis la perhaps the first time a quail was
ever known to fly across San Francisco
Hay, and the strangeness of the event is
increased by the fact that the feat was
performed by two coveys.
PASADENA SUFFERS FROM
A SCARCITY OF WATER
PASADENA, Sept. 4.— The west side nf
town has been suffering from a water
famine for some weeks past. Ma:iy resi
dents of the higher sections have not
been able to gi-i water In their bathtubs.
Particularly is this true in i me ■ t the
handsome residences on Orange drove
and Grand avenues, where Walter <;.
Ladd, Professor T. S. C. Lowe, Robert J.
Hurdette ;md other personages have
built mansions. Some of these house
holders threaten to refuse to pay water
rent and let the company sue them to
teFt the riclits of <-i>nsumers.
On Baturday the Inhabitants of the west
side of town were notified that th"y must
not water their lawns, because the water
was SO scarce. This edict caused such a
rommotlon that it had to be. raised to
day. For two weeks past no streets on
[be west side have been sprinkled. The
scarcity of water is probably due to the
fi rest fires which have raged during tne
;wo or three years. One of these
fires iP now burning in the Sierra Madres,
S'/im.' miles to the east.
FUNERAL OF A. S. KITTREDGE
RAN JOSH, Sept. 3.— The funeral of
Judge A. S. Klttredge took place thi*
morninp and was largely attended, most
of the prominent dtlaena of the city be
ing present. The services were held at
Trinity Episcopal Church, and were con
ducted by Rev. Mr. Gassman. The floral
piecea were many and beautiful.
The pall-benrers werf Judge M. H. Hy
land. Mayor C. J. Martin. Judge W. S.
I origan, S. H. Wagener, H. F. Dusing.
S. P. Lielb. H. K. Plate nnd W. R. Hardy.
The Bar Association attended in a body.
Dr. Fergus3on Dead.
BAKEKSFIELD. Srpi. 4 -Dr. R. A.
! Fergusson. a leading physician, died this
afternoon of heart failure. Early in th. ;
day h*? decided he would die before night
i and proceeded to give orders about nis
affairs and directed that his body be cre
ma.n-d Deceased was a ntlve of Eng
land. 45 years of age. and has resided here
about twelve years.
Home for Lowe Collection.
PASADKXA. Sept. 4.— Work was begun
to-day on a handsome amusement hall of
two stories on Echo Mountain below
Mount Lowe, In this building it is pro
posed to place Mrs. T. S. C. Lowe's col
lection of Indian baskets, geological spec
imens and curios, one of the most elab
orate collections of the kind in the world.
SAYS DOCTORS
TRESPASSED IN
HER BOUDOIR
Sensational Story of
Mrs. Kinsner.
Oakland Office San Francl3co Call.
90S Broadway. Sept. 4.
Mrs. Helena E. Kinsner, residing at 1220
Seventh street, who last week filed suit
against the Oakland Transit Compare for
$50,000 damages on account of injuries al
leged to have been 'sustained by reason
of a car of defendant corporation sudden
ly starting ahead as she was about to
J alight ut Eighth and Union streets, tells
I a remarkably sensational story of being
subjected to most shocking treatment at
the hands of the corporation physicians.
A peculiar feature of Mrs. Kinsner's in
juries wus the subsequent fact alleged in
her complaint that she was about to be
come a mother and that by reason of the
accident her maternal hopes were not
realized.
Mrs. Kinsner declares that since the fil
ing of the damage suit she has been vis
ited by a representative of the corpora
tion, named Ferrin, who appeared in the
capacity of a detective or claim adjuster,
and who notified the Injured woman that
he "would not give twenty-five cents for
her Injuries," bo Mrs. Kinsner stated to
day.
'"But the most shocking and audacious
treatment I was subjected to last Satur
day " said Mrs. Kinsner, who is confined
to 'her bed, "was when two railroad phy
sicians—Drs. Frank Adams and D. D.
Crowley — entered my house and bed
chamber unceremoniously, without invi
tation or consent on my part, and de
manded the right to make certain phys
ical examinations.
"The two doctors rang our door bell
about 11 o'clock last Saturday morning.
Our houseglrl answered the tall, and
wlkh she opened the door the doctors
brushed by her without stating whom
! they desired to see or the object of their
! yjsit in the hallway Just outside my
1 chamber door one of them set his case
o f tools Then they came Into my room,
and Dr Adams started to raise the cur
< tain, announcing that he had come to
mike certain i-xaminations as to my con
dition and Injuries. The girl and I were
aloi c In the house, and 1 promptly or
dered the doci irs out of my room. I told
■ that 1 was and had been under the
care and treatment •>( I>r. Kergan, and
aliy! wished to know rould be
Imparted to them by my physician.
"T was horrified and greatly alarmed.
I raised myself up in bed and declared
that l would '-.til for help If they dared
to appr iach or touch me. They
there bo boldly thai 1 was awfully fright-
Had my husband been here I would
not have answered for results. Finally
4}r Crowley remarked thai he would step
outside In the hall and await Dr. Adams,
who still Insisted on his rights as a rep
resentative of the company we are suing;
but I ordered him away under threat
that I would send for my husband, and
I after further parley they departed."
DANUBE ARRIVES WITH
GOLD FROM ALASKA
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept 4.— The steamer
Danu: I 130 passengers and $H».
--900 in treasure from Alaska this morning.
Xhe i . report the steamer Cana
dian had run on a rock and stove a hole
, i ... bottom. The steamei Bonanza King
rave her a tarpaulin, with whkh the rent
was repaired, and the Canadian continued
on down the river.
News fr..m Atlin is to the effect that
Captain [rving, Thomas Dunn. B. B.
fc-kinner and W. Wilson of Victoria have
bought a controlling interest in the Cale
donia group of claims. The group coni
prines fifteen claims on Pine Creek, all
benches and Is considered the best in the
let. Tt is expected that the Whit-
Pass railroad will be completed to \\ hlte
Horse Rapids by Christmas.
WILL OF THE LATE
BARONESS DE HIRSCH
T^OXIX'N" Sept. 4.— The executors of
t )... late Baroness de Hlrsch announce
that the fortune bequeathed by the de
ceased lady to IJaron de Forest, the eldest
of her adopted sons, amounts to 26,000,000
franc.--, besides her estates of Rossitz and
Eichhorn In Austria.
Tin- youngi r son, Raron Raymond de
I--,,,. ;' Inherits 20,000,000 franc? and the
Chateau de Beauregard, In the neighbor
hood of Paris. The legacies are to be
held in trunt until the young men reach
their thirtieth year.
Baroness de Hlrsch fnnhf-r bequeathed
to her ad >pted sons the whole of th<- fur
niture pictures, lewels, etc., contained in
her mansion in Rue de I'Elysee in Paris,
as well as two houses bearing the num
bers i and 6 In th>- same street.
COLONEL HOLCOMBE
DIES IN REDDING
REDDING, Sept. 4.— Colonel Samuel A.
Holcombe died in this city Sunday night
of ceiebro spinal meningitis. He was
stricken in a lawyer's '.flic- Saturday
afternoon. Deceased was Blxty-nlne years
of age. He came to California in 1850.
After mining for a time, Colonel Hol
combe embarked In the wholesale boot
and »hoe business in Ban Francisco and
became very wealthy. Reverses robbed
him of most of his fortune.
For three years he has been dealing in
Shasta County mining properties. He
was the father of R. A. and W. G. HV>l
-combe. commission merchants of San
Francisco, and Cecil J. Holcombe of
Payot. Upham & Co. The body will be
shipped to San Francisco.
AFGHANISTAN TROOPS
VICTORIOUS IN BATTLE
BOMBAY. Sept. 4.— The civil and Mili
tary Qasette reports severe fighting in the
direction <>f Penjd<-h. a Turcoman camp
in" Khorassan, about 180 miles north of
Herat between Sirdar Mahumwi Ismael
Khan.' son of Isa Khan, and <'olonel Mur
Mobamed Khan, commanding the troops
of th< Ameer M Afghanistan.
The Afghans suffered heavily until re
inforcements arrived, wh-T. lumael Khan
was defeated. The latter escaped into
Russian territory.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 4.— This morning
Robert W. Elliot, a pioneer and capitalist
of this State, passed away at his home on
Santa Rosa avenue. He came to this
State in 1556 from Missouri and first set
tled in Sacramento. He was 68 years of
age and leaves a widow and three chil
dren.
Suicide of on Aged Man.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— William Car
rick, a farmer. 70 years of age. commit
ted suicide on his ranch, about three miles
southeast of Antelope, this morning by
shooting himself with a shotgun. He tied
one end of a string to his toe and the
other end to the trigger of the gun. The
load took effect under the chin. Carrick
was tound by his son. No cause has yet
been assigned for the act.
Musick Is Discharged.
STOCKTON, Sept. 4.— John Musick,
charged with manslaughter In having
caused the death of Alfred Molina at a
boxing bout, was discharged to-day af
ter a preliminary hearing. The witnesses
all refused to testify on the ground that
they might incriminate themselves.
Schooner Lost.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Sept. 4.— A Goodrich,
Ont., special says the schooner Lisgar of
Toronto has been lost about sixty mllea
from here. She was in tow of the steamer
Clinton, loaded with coal from Buffalo.
It Is feared the crew is all lost.
NIGHTMARE OF
A MURDERER'S
GUILTY SOUL
Clay Clement Hears
the Bells.
A physiological study Is one of the most
profitable stage difficulties a man. can
handle, for since there is no parallel in
human experience, the tone of treatment
must be purely the imaginative, built
from a conception rather than a model,
and there Is always the possibility that
the intelligence of an audience is being
cajoled into believing the impersonation
far more wonderful than it Is. This is
especially true of "The Bells," for the
last act Is what lingers in the memory,
the dream of a murderer's guilty con
science; a murderer, too, who could use
an ax and then burn the body of his vic
tim in a lime kiln— and Aiio shall say
what degree of awful agonized striving
may or may not till the sleep of such.'
Let a telling note of terror be struck and
held and an audience Is carried Inevitably
on, wide-eyed to approval and applause.
It is rather dangerous ground for the
not-too-sure footed to tread upon, but the
man who does not come to It gropingly
may win half his reputation in a single
night. This is a rather negative approach
to praise, and praise is due. Mr. Clement 3
fondness for the single figure has made a
specially wise choice in Mathias. The
habit of thought brings him to the char
acter well equipped; not that his work
in the first two acts is especially con
vincing, for in the early scenes he is the- j
atrical, and his unsympathetic voice often
makes void his designs. Not until the
dream does be bring the needed tempera
ment. Her- long familiarity with the role
seems to have made It plastic in his
hands; he might alter its details with
absolute conviction that he would not j
alter its essential characteristics, and
there is no tendency to expand the busi
ness beyond the thought it has to con
vey. Mr. Clement Is a tremendously sin
cere actor, and this has been the saving
salt of many a lesser light. With his
dream scene he makes a permanent mark
on the character. Mr. Cook's Father Wal
ter was the performance one expects from
an artist. He was from the beginning in
stinct with the mood 01 the old gossip, :
and his disguise was bo successful that
I looked on my programme to identify
him. Miss O'Malley was a good Sozel and
a picturesquely funny one. and those who
conducted the trial worked unostenta
tipusly and well. The others inclined to
the habitual in their parts as being safer,
and will add nothing to their reputations
by the result. The lights were not well
managed. They v.-ere, for the most part,
too strong, making the dying away
through shadow to darkness an impossi
bility. Irving is certainly a master of
light. The scenery, though pleasant to
trie eye, was suggestive of neither period
nor place. The second act was very pret
tily set. but Inexcusably Incorrect in de
tail. Properties, however decorative,
should not be put upon the stage to dis
cord with a knowledge of the fitness of
things. CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Tivoli.
What the prologue i S to "I P.igliacei"
i the Toreador song is to "Carmen," there
i fore a barytone who possesses any
: musical Judgment at all and understands
how to enhance his solo with dramatic
j color never falls to create enthusiasm.
■ Wh-Ti this success may be attained by a
' \ -iji alist of fairly good reputation and a
passable voice. It may easily be under
i stood what a man like Salassa can make
i out of it with a barytone of big resonani c
: and dramatic timbre. Naturally enough
; the Toreador sons waa the great feature
of the performance of "Carmen" at the
Tlvoll last evening. And throughout the
play Mr. Salassa never for a moment lost
any of the Intensity of action and the
bravado which the part requires.
In order to essay the role of Don Jose
i creditably dramatic temperament la re-
I quired, and, while Aveda.no did not always
! prove to be possessed of that gift, he
i surprised every one by giving quite a dra.
, matic representation of that part. Both
the finale of the third and fourth acta
| were rendered with the necessary adher-
I ence to the climax. Although Avedano
was somewhat hoarse, the general excel
| lence of his work was not much marred.
Of course Michaela is there to sing the
grand aria in the third act, and if she
.succeeds in rendering this well she ha 3
done her duty. Mfss Erossnlta sang that
aria with much taste and sincerity. She
imbued it with all the romantic color that
i it requires, and proved herself once more
a thorough artist.
Many a contralto has tried her luck on
Carmen, but few have succeeded in mak
i ing a success of it. In fact, it is no mis
take to assert that there are to-day not
more than two or three really good Car
! mens on the stage. Nol because of the
vocal responsibilities, but more particu
larly because of the dramatic execution,
'■ and especially because of the personal ap
pearance of the character. Let a Carmen
• look a Carmen, and you have a foundation
whereon you may easily build the dra
matic edifice, and a good contralto— it
need not be phenomenal -will complete
I the ideal Carmen. Miss J,iiK-k makes a
very honest effort to portray the part,
but while her elocutionary actions may
not lack vigor, neither her appearance
nor her voice comes up to the require
ments There runs throughout the:
i strains sung by Carmen an undweurrent
!{ passion which necessitates a solid
tower register. Miss Linck does not pos
sess thai solid lower register, and hence
Bhe falls short. To-night '■Romeo and
Juliet." ALFRED METZGER.
Orpheum.
Among the new people at the Orpheum
this week la Montrell, "the European jug
gler," as he choosea to advertise himself.
Judging by his performance last night
>„. ,» u<,<,d enough to be called
an American juggler. His handling
f a hat. a cane and an um
brella is a triumph of dexterity. Arnold
1 Grazer and La Petite Hazel are just a*
welcome and as entertaining this week as
they were last and are the best feature of
i the show. Charley Case, the new mono
-1 logist scored a hit with his quaint pun
talk 'The Hungarian boys' military band
was received warmly, but a change to
more popular music would be an improve
ment Felix Morris and Company in "Be
hind the Scenes," the Mouliere sisters,
Apollo and the blograph round out a-fair
ly good programme.
Grand Opera-house.
"El Cnpitan" was reproduced at the
Grand Opera-house last night to a crowd
i ed house. The cast was the same as mi
former occasions, with the exception of
Miss Bessie Fairbairn, who took the part
of the Princess, and Herbert Sinclair, who
was Scramba. The catchy numbers were,
as u«ual encored, and the chorus girls
! received an ovation for their splendidly
I executed evolutions in the- last act. The
i finale in the second act showing the elec
tric star coupled with the waving of the
Stars and Stripes, roused the audience to
enthusiasm. Wolff's drinking sons, like
good wine, seems to improve with ag-e,
and he was loudly cheered last night.
Olympia.
The Olympia management this week
offers one of its best bills. The Girdeller
brothers do a good acrobatic act and Ed
Nolan the character singer, made lots of
friends. Zoa Matthews is still popular
and the bill is generally good.
Chutes.
A new moving picture, showing scenes
on the firing lines in the Philippines, pro
Music for Nervousness.
Some E' lentiste have claimed that music has
the power to soothe the nerves. But the quick-
est way to cur* nervousness is to strengthen
the nervous system. We know of nothing
which will accomplish this quicker than Hos-
tetter'a Stomach Bitters. It is the one medi-
cine that is successful above all others in the
treatment of blood, stomach and liver diseases.
Do not take a substitute. See that a private
Revenue Stamp covers the neck of the frottle
BEECHAMS
mm ma a gmCurelndrgomtraa,
PfLLSssssssu
10 cents and 35 cents, at all drag stores.
yoked generous applause at the Chutes
Theater last night. Adgie and her per
forming lions; Kelly and Davis, the "Irish
Noblemen"; J. H. Dv Boil in an electrical
flyiiiK trapeze act, and other clever vau
deville features were warmly received by
a large audience. The North Dakota,
Montana and Idaho troops will be the
guests of the management to-night.
Alcazar.
"Christoj.hpr Jr." was a most decided
success at the Alcazar last evening- r -
Eugene Ormonde In the title role carried
off th<' honors, and he was ably seconded
by Miss Gertrude Foster as the heroine.
The other parts were well sustained, and
the whole play went with a swing that
wns exhilarating. The scene between
r Jr. and Burt Bellaby (Prank
Denithorne), in the last net. brought down
the house. It was a very clover piece of
acting.
BROKE INTO A CAR.
Arrest of Three Boys for Malicious
Mischief.
Joseph Lahey, aged 14 years; John
Ma<k, aged 16, and John Dunn, aged 13,
arrested yesterday afternoon i>y
Policeman Cook and charged with ma
licious mischief. Shortly after noon the
■limbed through a broken window In
a Pullman car which was standing at
Eighth and Townsend streets and were
engaeii! in stripping the car of its brass
furnishings when discovered. Lahey was
captured after an exciting chase and
locked up in the. City Prison. On learning
of his arrest his companions surrender! ■!
themsHves ru Policeman Cook at the
Southern station and were also duly
charged.
The boys claimed that they were sent
to rob the car and that it was arranged
that the booty which they expected to
get was to be sold to "Jimmy the
Wretch." who conducts a second-hand
Store on Seventh-street, near Brannan.
PACIFIC SQUADRON
IS BADLY CRIPPLED
WASHINGTON, Sept. 4.— There is
little likelihood there will be any
maneuvers of the Pacific squadron for
months. Information received by
the department shows that repairs will
have i" be made to the engines of the
cruiser Newark and the Marhlehearl is
also in need of repairs. Those ships
will be sent to the Mare Island navy
yard.
LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 4.— The Grand
d . ■ il of the Catholic T^adi^s' Aid So
ciety will meet at the Hotel Del Mar to
morrow morning.
Father Murphy will celebrate a high
mass at the opening and Father Mc-
Namee will pfeach th* sermon.
The grand officers of the council are:
Grand president. Mrs. Margaret Deane;
grand senior vice president. Miss M;ircella
Fitzgerald; grand junior vice president,
Mrs M J-' Dfarsey; grand secretary, Miss
Margaret Curtis; grand treasurer. Miss
May Atkinson; grand deputy. Misa Mary
Garety; grand directors— Mra Margaret
Deane, Mrs. D. R. I.oagier. Mrs. S. M.
McPadden, Miss Bessie Gallagher, Miss
Maria Flynn, Mrs. L>. F. Ragan, Mrs.
T! .mas I'endergast. Mrs. M. Fi. Smith,
Miss M. Schneider, Miss Emma Russell,
Mollie Regan.
Wrecked in a Fog".
LISBON, Sept. 4.— A steamer of the
Clan line, the name of which is unknown,
has foundered off Sagres as the result of
a collision with a Danish steamer in a
fog The crew of the wrecked vessel was
rescued by the Danish steamer.
Death of Dr. Moffatt.
DT'E WEST, S. C, Sept. 4.— Rev. "Uril-
Ilam Moffatt, D.D., IvL.D.. for twenty
eight year? president of Erskin^ t'ollege
and for many years f-iitor of the- Asao
■ Reformed Presbyterian, is dead.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
| 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 ». m.; 1:30, 3:30.
i 6:00, 6:20 p. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
1 8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:06,
6:25 p. m. •••
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
I Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, .
Week Sun- 1599. ' Sun- j Week
i Days. days. Destination. days. j Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 fjn
; 3:30 pm 9:30 am 1 Petaluma, i 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm! Santa Husa. ! 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
- . i t
: - Fulton,
i 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdbburg,
Lytton,
Geygerville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and | 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 prs
7:30 am 1 10: am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and |
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am, 10:25 am
: 8:50 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
; Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
• for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at '!ovc«-jale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
! Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
| Potter Valley, John Day's. River6ld«, Llerley's,
i Bur-knell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvlllo,
; Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whiwsboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
: rnlng's, Beß'a Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
; General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauwallto Ferry.
Cpmrnencing September 1, 1893.
i FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. '6:00, 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
j Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
! and Sundays/ at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— 'S:OO, '9:00. '10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a m • 1:00, '1:45, '2:30, '4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Raf 1 Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains' marked i*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— — 5:25. *S:4P, 7:55. 8:40. «10:20
a. m.. 12:30. 2:15, '3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
i and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, '9:45. '10:45, »ll:4s
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, '3:30, '5:15, '6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. TO.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quentin. '■
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50, 7:55. 8:55, 10:35
'am.- 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday*, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. l":00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1-20 2:40 3.5." 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 ->. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
i 3-20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows:
Bouth-bound. I North bound.
Fassen- Mixed.) Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday! Station*. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd ] Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pra
*:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:86 pm Fresno , 9:30 an-. 2:41 pel
11:58 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
t:JS pm 11:30 am 1 Bakersfleld 1:00 air. 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:23 pra
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of Etage and other connection*
Inquire at Truffle Department, 121 Marktt St.,
Ban Francisco, _...... . ■;;-:'.,■
ADVERTISEMENTS^
SIOK HEADACHE
• Positively cured by theso
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. { 4
Small Pill. Small Dose.
. . Small Price.
I WILL GIVE
<#Bi%v $1000
IJgW W^sK If I fail to cura
Bw any Cancer or
tA *&&% Tumor I treat,
jfif W^s» before it scat- •
pt ■&£?££? rZjjf.'f ! "> l s3* ters or affects
J'-^^y (■&*?***** $&!*?£ ln *" ri b hr <> r
liF&Sfe, -^^SSfeW *jK£ ther bones.
\ /i^^*K^." l *v / experience. 1000
V wS^^^rnliiQl I Cancers now in
\ ''•'P^*% //[ La d y attend-
\ * ■;/*/■ Si nt - A hard
J^S^&zrTyffi'^-<>rV t umor on the
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER.
If large, always poisons the glands In armpit,
when cure Is almost impossible.
BOOK. SENT FREE
With symptoms, testimonials and addresses of
thousands I have cured In California, Writs
them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S-F,
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
(CTSend this to some one with cancer. '
§I)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Hl2ii KKARXY ST. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
o there fall. Try him. Charges low.
(arr»euaranlfrd. Caliorwrite.
Dr. j. '. tiIBBOS, Box 1957. 5 an Franrisco.
HAiT.ROAn TRAYXU,
I ««rTiirn^ pacific compact*
(pacific system.)
Pralns leave ami nr« <!•■« to nrrlfe at
N MAM FRANCISCO.
•- (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — PEOIC ArorsT 2, 1399. — arritb
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... Os43p
7:00 a Maxysville, OroTuleand lieddlcg via
Woodland 5:13p
7:OO a Kln.ira, Vacaviile and Rum3ey 8»."i0p
7:30 a Martinez, ban Hamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callstoga and Santa Itoaa 6:lSp
8:00 a Atlantic Krpress. Ogden and JCaßt.. 9:43*.
SiiiOA San Jose, JLivermore, Htocktou,
lone, Sacrameuto, Placervillo,
irysvii;-. <;hico, lied 1i1uff...... 4il«f
B>3oa "Milton, Oakdale and Konora 4:15p
8:30 a Toßcmlte Valley Tia O&kdale and
- Ohiceso 4:15p
B:OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 11:43*.
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15p
OittttA Fresno, HakerHtield Hiuita ll:iil>ara.
Lo3 Angeles, Deraicg, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:4."5p
! 10:O«A Valltjo, Martinez and Way .Stations 7:43p
I 1 1 :OOa Haywarc^ Niles and Way Stations. 2:15p
| 12:00 m Niks, Liveruiore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Viaalia,
Pcrterrille 4:I!Jp
: l:00p Sacramento Hirer Steamers *>:00p
S:00p Haywards. Kilt* end Way Stationa. 0:43p
4:O)lr Martinez. Han Bamon, Vallt-jo,
Kapa, <,'uli«*»)Ka, .Santa ROM B<loa
4:00r Benicia, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knlehta Landing,
MarrsTillP. Orovlll-? «O:4»a.
4:80p Niles, .San Joaeaud Stockton 7:15p
<2:30p Yosemita Bleeplcg Car for Raymond J2:lsp
OtOOpTbo OwL Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugus tor Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles 9:43 a
OsßOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12:15p
Oiiiop Martinez. Trscy, Mendcta, Fresno,
Mojare p.nd l.os Angeles 8:4»*
StSOp Santa 1 ■■ Koutu, Atlai.lio Kipreas
for Moj.ir« and I last 0:45p
•■OOp Chicago-Sau FTanci£coSpedal,Ogdeii
and Bast: 8:30p
6x00? Hay wards, and San Jose 7:4 » a
•«:OOp Vallejo l»:13p
I?:0«p ValleJo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:33b
9:03p Oregon JCxpregs.SacrarTientn, Marys. -
Mile, Heildiiif*, I'ortlaud, l'ugefe .
Bound and Kaat Bil3a
COAST DIVISION (Narroir Oange).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
~17>43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBiO3»
ojlsANewark,Centerville,SanJoBe, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa O/uz and Way
Stations OjßOp
fSilSp Newark, CenterriUe, San Jose, New
.' ?-■; Almaden, Felton, Ik>ulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10»5«a
4ilSp San Jose. Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tion* »i2oa
M>l3P Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlons /9t2OA,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIB HUHCISCO— Foot of Hirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:O0a.M. (1:33 *2:00 13:08
•4:00 JS:C3 •6::3 p.«. ■ . .
Fr»mOAlUHD— Pc;torßro»dw»;.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t!2:00 *l:03 ta:0O *3:C3 t*'gQ *S:OCr.M.
COAST DIVISION' (Broad Gauge), r
(Third and Towusend St-<.) . .
••:lOa Ocean View, South Han Francl?co.. # «:30p
*7:OOa Sail Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •»:•©.»,
17:80 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Puciiic Grove and Principal Way
SUtions ....' JS:33»
D :00a San .lose, Traa Finos. Banta Cruz.
Pacillo GroTB. Paso Ilobles, San ■
liiih Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc aud
Principal Way (-•'ntious 5 4:10p
I«:4Oa Jose aiid Way Stations 8:33 a
Il>3Oa San J'.se and Way Stations liiiOp
*2:43p San Mateo, Kedirood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Uollister. Santa Cruz. Saiuias,
Monterey and PacUo GroTe *IO:3«>A
•8: SOp San Jose, Santa Cruz, Paclflo Gro»«
aud Princiral Way St«Jii>ii« *7:30p
*4:lSr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *5:35 a
5:::<»p Sail Jose an Principal Way Stations "9:<M>a
O::iOp San Jose aud Way Stations 5:30p
f11:45r San .losoeiid Way Stations j?:aop
A for Morning. P for A f temoon.
•Sunday excepted. ! Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Scnday. /Sunday and Monday.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND HOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKH
MARKET-STREET FERRT AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HAKVET. AND ARE PERFECT IN
FVFRY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTB.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. S3»
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN ttn.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
BAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY*
_>....- .-^.. Francisco, via aausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DATS. 9:30 a. m., and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:13 p. m.. Returning Same . Even-
Ing, arriving In Ban Francises at 11:21
BUN^ATS. 8. », 10 an 4 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:34
EUNDATB. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 3:34
and 4 p. m.
Fare 8. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THO3 COOK & SON. Agt3..J521 Market St.
Mil Gall $1.00 jjerYear
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FMHCWOO
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until ■ . very nijrht in the year.
M atgotaery street,
comer Clay; open until 3:80 o'clook.
800 Hayes etreet: open until 6:30 o'clock.
689 McAllister street; open until »:*> c clocK.
61S Larkin street; open until 9:30 •'clock.
jjU Xl , - •: until 10 o'clock.
u-ket street, corner Sixteenth; open
;
eventh street: open until 9 o doc*.
iOJC Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
I and K>n
. pen uHt.l V oVIQ' - k.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A M., «
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) l'-'-'->«:«JV
ING Sept. 5, at 7:30 o'clock, htated JfcJPC
meeting. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. /
Hy order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary. |
GOLDEN Gate Ledge No. 30, F. and A. * j
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) 1
EVENING, at 7:SO o'clock. >^J*\ !
GEO. J. KOBE, Secretary. tySr^ ■
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13«, F. and A. « .
M , m Eddy St.— Stated meeting THlS _^i_
EVENING. S o'clock »> r- !
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sea '^>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
M. -Stated nie.-'titiK THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock. ■•■ >\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. ' _^
MYRTLE Lodge No. 16. K. of P.— a-
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, regu- v jtjk }
lor meeting. Knight rank will be 'CTJC-JS/'
conferred. All Knights Invited. ifcSjS i
J. J. OL3EN. C. C. j
C. 8. HOFFMAN. K. of R. and P. 1
X. O. B. DIVISION No. £— Th.» regular te.^^r^-
niomhly meeting of this division will jßwSs
be h«ld at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth J2 .tf j
Bt., on TUESDAY. .Seutember 6, attcjtY^o
7:30 t>. m. Final arrangements sv^9 i
for our plcr.lc next Saturday will be made.
A full attendance earnestly :f .juettetl.
BARTLT LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
QUARTERLY meeting Austrian IJe- $
nevolent Society will be held on fc"*.'fc° i i
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Sept. 6, HOWW !
7:30 sharp. All the members, ar? re- »jgjt§ ;
quested to be present fur Important W*^ j
business and donation. By order.
J. L. RADOYICH, President. ' •
A. CONNICH. Secretary. ;
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the ;
Dairymen' 8 Union cf California will be held j
at the of'lce of the corporation. 124-126-123 <
Davis st.. on MONDAY. September 11. ls;'9. 1
at 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing j
directors for the ensuing year an.! the trans- 1
action of such other business as may come ]
before the meeting. S. H. CHEDA; Sec.
DR. CYRUS R. TEED (KoreslO lectures THIS
. EVENING, 8 p. rr... at 102 O'Farrcll st. Ad- j
mission free.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mort gages, damages, attach- ,
ments, bankruptcy, nil cases; wills, contracts,
■etc.. drawn; moderate foes; call or write.
2VIAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. ml-
. pulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build- ;
ing, S2S-BSS Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. Sr.O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees in advance.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
fre» chaicw low: business pushed.
N'AGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-ru-Law. Emma
•Spreckels building. 527 Market St.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DA VII SON. ?27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages; sent to any address in the
United . States or Canada one year for $1,
poyta^e paid.
ACCOUNTANTS.
P. X BALL VI 401 Cal. s,t.. designs, audits A
art^.ists accounts for corporations ■. firms; ref.
BICYCLES — "i- Sale or Exehanjpe. i
LADY'S wheel. Cleveland. 24 lb?., nearly new. j
at reasonable price. Call between 10 and 12 |
• or ' ::.,.] 7 ri :■.: Hush :-t. i
DOARD AMJ ROOMS.
iK^EITTATu^IOI.NT-Slrictly ifrst-clasi; 1714
Mnrket st.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plsn: elegantly furnished rooms, single
rr en suite; bi.ard and Boom, il p»r day up; j
i-uit^- without b .-.rd. $1 per day; sinsle rooms, j
60c: trecial rates by month, also to tourists, j
FRUITVALE; prlv. board: extensive «roun.'.«, |
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and
Fro:' ay. ; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
EDDY fill— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
board optional; home cooking; bath.
GEARY, 93S— Handsome buite and bath; front
garden; separate entrance.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private: bath; board op.
O'FARRELLT:.742-^-Clean. comfortable rooms;
pood hin-e cooking; special rates to gents.
PERRY; 174— Nif-ly furnished room, with bath;
also board If required.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. ]
1C pages, in wrapper, for rrlalllng, $1 per year.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would iike one or two children to take
care of Ht home. 9% Oak Grove aye.
BOOKS — I.W AM) old.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged:
Holmes Book Co.t 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$500— MANUFACTURING business: cash sales;
large profits. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777.
Market Et.
£560— SALOON; best bargain In the city on ac- I
count of sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., '
777'-s Market st.
5225— CANDY and Ice cream parlor. McLAUGH- j
•■ LIN i CO., 777 _■ Market St.
NOTTCE-^-Having buyers willing to invest in a j
business. HEALY. 917 Market st. |
$S0 — FRUIT stand; fine business; 3 living j
rooms; low rent. BASILE, 3 E4dy st.
SALOON doing fair business; suitable for a i
. woman; neur water front; will give trial for i
•week fir two; price $200. Address box 2103, '
.' Call office.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business; i
Good location; proprietor sick; terms reason- I
able; trial given. Addres? box 3225, Call.
|SSO— SACRIFICE; pork sausage and delicacy I
store; full stock; living rooms;, worth $1000. i
Apply at 106 Ninth st.
FURNISHED dining-room; fine location; good j
■ : patronage; for sale; cheap. Box 2472, Oal!. '
FOH sale — Bakery and delicacy store. 2917 I
Sixteenth St., near Howard.
IT you want to buy a goo.] restaurant call and j
*6e for yourself; S7 chain; new range; no
a Kent*. 60S and 610 Seventh at.
EAIX)ON, Harmony Hall, northeast corner I
Post and Kearny sts.: will sell at a sacrifice; i
cnu'o sickness; call this day.
WHOLE'S ALE and retail wine b;is!ne«s en !
Market «t.; established 'j years; steadily arrow- I
liiK bar and family trade; domestic reasons i
i.j' Belling; intendisiij buyers with re.aGy ca^h '
address for particulars '■>:■. 32U3, |
' Call office; no agents or.triflers.
$4(>«— PARTNER wanted In a saloon; good I
.Stock; pajln* business; partner preferred to j
other holp; not absolutely necessary to have ■
. experience In thin lir.c. but must be a 'rust-
' worthy man. >j22 Market St., room 6.
POO— BAKERY; must be sold to-day; stock and !
■furniture; on account of retiring. ;to2i Sacra- j
ir.ento tt.
WANTED— Capital to back manufacture of !
automobiles, gasoline motors, etc. ; have fa- I
. cllitles. Box 2401. Call. j
A— I2SOO; saloon; kept by present owner 11 '
years; few doors from Market nt. ; vicinity!
'•Baldwin Hotel; lease; a first-olasa paying
' place; no better offer for location or business
.■in the market. R. G. WILKE, »06 Market, j
A-56..0: SALOON. Including C furnished rooms, j
■•corner Market and Powell Bts.; must Le sold I
■to-day. R. G. •■■ ILK 806 Market st.
A— "4F.O; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, In |
first-class paying home bakery, delicacy and
' lunch houae.; close to Powell and Ellis sis.;
• 5100 for each partner guaranteed. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 5"6 Market b t.
A— sCo; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall; good
OcEtab ji'ace; best class of custom: fullest in- 1
» lesUga'tlen Holicltfcd. R. G. VYILKS, 908
••' Market i •.
A T-$;!."0- RESTAURANT doing a good business
'en Larkin" tt. ; rent low; splendid place for !
•rt>an and wife. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market et.
A— Jir.OO; CORNER grocery and tar; transfer |
.point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
' lishrd years: lull value In sight; all cash
Call R. Q. WILKE. 900 Market Et. j
CIGAR and stationery, ttore; large business;
long lease; low rent; living rooms. 226 Third.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 llvlng-
room«; want an offer. 806% Filbert st.
$7C'O — MILK route; 66 gallons per day: 8 horses,
- 1 wagon and buggy and cans. SIS Langton.
A BARGAIN — and bar, cheap: living
rooms. 3. RAHN, tin Eleventh SU
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
WANTED— Partner In printing business. 344
McAllister et.
ACROPOLIS house. Sutro Heights; cheap;
going to Europe. No. 6. half block from baths. ;
FOR SALE— A good paying branch bakery and
coffee parlor. Inquire at Sit Larkln st.
SALOON: $350; 12 Seventh; fixtures alone worth
price asked; selling account of sickness.
SALOON and lunch house. 160 First St., cor.
Natoma. or 224 Front St.; no agents.
BAKERY ar.d delicacy; suitable for man and
wife; goort location; cTieap. Apply Call. ;
COFFEE nr.d tea routes supplied from GEO. 1
V.'. CASWELL &■ CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE b-ardlng house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office. _
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper. !
Apply Call office^
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call of flee.
BARGAIN— Meat market: $200; splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner. 505 Castro.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
M.L kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EG AN & SON", 2117 Mission st.
CARI'ET SKATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dtsg-J^ted with poor work
send to .DINGS 1 Pioneer Carrtt-
bfatlng Works. 353-357 Tehama M.-; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S ralifumia Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson Pt,'; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. SEO. WALCOM. Proprietor^
CARPETS cleaned .- 3~ per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 210 14th
St.; cleaning, Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'G Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
• Jute *ye. : '■''' East ■-■' : - ____— —
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a -•'"""
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. |
Agert. Office and factory, 21 Spear ft. j
I.AII ANTS AND M IHI fi ISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance ■ Hum and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of j
life. While i entranced she will reveal every]
hidden mystery: she will show you how to 1
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- I
j,i ey; restore lost affections; unites the sep- I
arate.i; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop- ;
erty; locates treasures and minerals: t<;lls j
your entire life, past, present and future, ■
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction !
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
I '23'i Market St., near Always consult
the best. ____^___
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never falls: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hut--
hand or wife; foe. 25c and up: satistaction to !
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market st.,
bft. Seventh and Eighth. .
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant an.l
card render: b >m with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease: full life dings; |
ladies. COc; gents. $1; sittings. $1 60. 12S Turk.
C STEERS, medium, 112^ Oak St.: circles
Tues. S p, m. . Thurs., 2 p. m. ; $25c; read-
Ings $1^ j
ATTEND Mr?. Dunham's circle of truth, 2 and
S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. ffir.O r . McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
TEST <-lrcl» to-night, l»c: sittings dally; also
electro-magnetic healing. 51u Valencia.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, prrw-nt. future: 25c. US Sixth st., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c: daily. 10 a.
m. to lv p. tali Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. IC3 Larkin.
MME. MOREAU, the b»st medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
AN honest medium; truthful messages or no -
charge; readings $1. $59 Hayes st.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 2">c up. 5 7th.
MRS C. J. MEYER. 3"" McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat. :2<S:Sp.ni..irK&2.">c;sittin^« dally.
MME RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2r.c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE cradle to grave; future hus-
band'n picture. 25c; la.iies. si 4 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
Ipsh successful. P.rom 310. l'-7 M■: ■ ■• st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; first-class condi-
tion; gas: $10: large yard. 3>24 Nineteenth st.
FELL. 2S7— Cottaye. 3 rooms; large yard and
basement; rent $11.
SUNNY ci ttage, 5 and 6 rooms: coin*r Bat of
7 rooms bath, g;»s; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores. ____^_
DENTISTS.
A— DR.nT.rS. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market -■.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas ;
or chloroform; also by l'ical anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and moM artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from H up; other linings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that flt
from «4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up without plates a specialty; open
evenlnps and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to tlv gums, moves
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner I
ar.d stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; rrown arid bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full s"t, $5; all work p-iinlfis and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth ?t.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Mar-
k't St.. cor. '!th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.; you can
have your extractions <!or.» painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; sold crowns,
$"! BO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. < x-
tracts Hiid fills te^tli painlessly by his wonder-
ful Ferret method; crowns, $2; ■ nli.- $4: |
rubber or flexible plates, S3; received 8 first j
pr:;'.'-s: no .-tudents: puaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no rtudent*. 937 Mai ■ Et.
DR. J.I DLUM HILL, 1443 Market. St.. near
Eleventh; crown?, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas s' y en.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutsoh<>r Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge v. irk; open Sunday*. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns.
S3 up, pen evenings. 850 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SI, ABISTR : .- x; s
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell ■ -i-»»r.-.-iking School. 103 lost.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEAL Business College, 24 Post st., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy, I
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, genl-jgy, mineralogy,
surveying, etc: electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers ;~indivMual Instruction; I
200 prrailuafs annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. a . Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business an l
Industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookk.-eping, electricity, mechanical and I
architectural drawing. German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call ox send for
Snohool catalogue.. Tuition within reach of all.
AYREB' Ru«ln»ss Colieje, 723 Market st., short- i
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qunlit'.M teacher; low
rateb; life sch ilarship, 150; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law an.l medical colleges;
clay and •■•.'!, courses; reference*. Pre='
<: or any Stanford professor. Phelan big! I
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as tftacherT;
Ellis *yKt(>m; sunny rooms: low rate*- day
g even. San* Francisco Bus. College, 1236 HarkY.
ENGINEERING School, civil electrical ,in- ■
ing, iiie<h. survey.a»»ay.archl.:day and 'even •
_«t. is« 4 VAN^DER^NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory of
Lfflpslc; lesaons. 75c. 220 ilflen Gate aye.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading courtTand-general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
ip shorthand; pupils by mail 302 Montgomery.
SINGING piano: Paris (frad.: French. Spanlalv
$2 mo. &o0 O. Or. aye., r. 6-7; hours I to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., anc^ 903 Broad-
way, Oakland; day an.l night: correspondence. '
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St. ■
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 205 Larktn St., opp. city Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
da}- &ad night; Unas low. 10£ i Mltsloc.nj-.6th.
THE SA:Nr FRANCISCO CALL,, TT ESDAY, SEPTEMBPJR 5, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED Female.
COMPETENT Swedish girl desires situation as
cook or housework; best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suiter St.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and housework; best of references;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, !C6 Butter.
GERMAN mother and daughter desire a situa-
tion .-is cook and second girl: good ref.; city
or country. MISS 11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter
St.; telephone Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
city or country; best ref. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl, with 4 years' references;
first-class cook. MRS. NORTON. 818 Sutter.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
fir^f-class worker. Address or telephone MRS.
NORTON, 313 Butter St.
NEAT Swedish woman wishes to do general
housework in small family; good cook; good
reference. 613 McAllister St.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do down-
stairs work and cooking; wages $25. Call at
422 McAllister st.
WANTED— A situation as cook; lately from the
East; can do washing and ironing. 407 A
Hyde st.
2 REFINED young ladles with city reference
would like a position In a small restaurant
or office. Box 2102, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day, wash-
Ing or houßecleaning. Please call at 104%
McAllister St., rear.
SITUATION by competent girl to do house-
work and cooking. 651 Bay St., near Leaven-
worth.
GIRL wishes a portion as cook in private fam-
ily. Please all at 1766 Folsom st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
housework or cooking; city or country; refer-
ence. 313 Seventh St.
GOOD general houseworker and cook wants a
position. Call 2957 Twenty-fourth st., near
Alabama.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion to do housework; good references. Ad-
dress 142'j Fourth Ft.
A YOUNG girl wants general housework.
Plrase call at 540 Ninth st.
POSITION by young German girl a? maid or
useful traveling companion. Box 2482, Call.
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation; house-
work, cooking . Apply 1231 Market Bt.
NORTH German Christian girl wishes a posi-
tion as cook; wages $25 to $30. Please call at
12 Eleventh st., near Market.
A REFINED Eastern lady would like a posi-
tion as housekeeper; ■ city or country- Ad-
dress L. T., box 2237. Call office.
POSITION wanted by a trained nurse of large
experience to take entire charge of Infant j
from birth or care for invalid; good needle
woman; willing and obliging; city or country;
first-class city references; wages $30. Box
2477. Call. j
YOUNG girl wants place to do general house-
work. Call 223 Eleventh st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subf-crlptlons has been established at 1096 Va- '
lencla st I
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar- I
ket; 200 rooms; 2".c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $4
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 1 /j O'Farrell at. ; tel. East 426. j
YOUNG man. a college graduate, desires a po- '■
sltlon as clerk, accountant or secretary: pos- I
sesses a good legal education; will also make
competent tutor, having ti years' experience i
as a teacher in private and public schools; ex-
cellent reference?. Address J. L. , 2158 Va-
lencia st.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on farm:
wife good cook, man understands general
farm work. Address M. X . 627 Commercial
St., room 16.
AS nurse, valet and experienced traveling In-
valid attendant; European and local refer- !
ences; speaks French. German and English, j
Adflresß box 2238. Oall office. 1
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily: understands the care of horses; can milk :
ami tend garden; references. Box 2107. Call. |
SITUATION by young man taking care of I
horses, cows, i.-.:- len; good driver; handy I
with tools; state wages; reference. Box 21" .'. '
Cull office. j
WANTED — Work by young man; window or I
houaecleanlng or other work; wall paper i
cleaned. HENRY ANDERSEN, 962 Bush, 1
telephone East %2. ;
FIRST-CLASS painter and paperhanger wants i
work by day or job. Address GEO. BO-
HANNON. 632 Green St.
FRENCH cook, with best references, wants
situation in a private family or private board-
ing house; city or country. Box 2488, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with ex- !
perlence In the i [gar and grocery business.
Box 2253. Call office. f j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
SITUATION wanted In saloon as bartender by !
steady German- American; permanent posi- i
tion more an object than wages; reference.'
Address ■ Ritch j-:t.. third floor.
EXCHANGE.
WE can give you an exchange for anything: you
have to offer, either a building lot or busl-
ness, ranches or Improved town and city
realty: write or call with particulars of your
property. 1... I'on^t Exchange. j'-'7 : 2 Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 't -.:■■■■ St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— S.3OOO for a term of 3 years; will
eive M2,V'l"i security. Box 2101. Call.
FLATS TO LET. "
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market~Bt!
COTTAGES. FLATS.
731 13th; 6 r $20! 522 Fell; 3 r $13
3514 26th; • r li 269 Clementina; 4 r. 12
1241 Sanchez; 5 r... 13 1374 Vi Stevenson: 3 rlO
?ir ( Jersey; 5 r 13 36 A Tehama; 4 r.. 10
42lR2<Uh: 5 r 12 E4BB Jessie; 3 r 10 i
537 Jersey; 6 r il 621 Linden aye. ; 3 r S
A I ROOM flat, 128 O'Farrell cor. Powell. .
near Orpheum; $12: 3-room flat, near Third j
and Mission; $!*. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A SUNNY middle corner flat: modern Improve-
ments. 1000 Webster st.. cor. Golden Gate.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
BUCHANAN. 1202-Six rooms and bath; middle
flat: all sunny rooms; owner 253 Minna st.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny Hat, f. rooms and bath; cheap. .
FLAT bunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1420% A sunny upper flat; six rooms; j
bath; $25. _
HOWARD, HlS'i— 7 rooms, 7 closets and bath;
ch..ap to good tenant.
JESSIE, 1454, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
Upper flat; 3 rooms, hall and cellar; $11; no
children.
NEAR City Hall; 2 upper sunny flats: 5 and 6
rooms. 23 and 27 Birch aye., off Larkin, bet.
Grove and Fulton.
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 261S Mis-
sion st.
SACRAMENTO, 1230, near Jones — handsome
rooms.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms, bath and yard; rent j
reasonable. 3.770 Seventeenth, near Guerrero. |
SUNNY '•'• rooms, bath, basement. 1 Hampton i
place, oft Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
THIRD, -417' : -Latent Improved flats; Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2<i. 7 'ins., one kitchen: new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
TO LET— i"22 Valencia St., Mission warm belt;
upper flat; 4 rooms and bath; sun all day;
rent reasonable; good locality.
TWO sunny flats, each $27 50; % rooms and
bath C 63 McAllister st.
UPPER Hut— 22 Heed St.; 5 rooms and bath;
marine view; $20. Key 1326 Washington at.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing- 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
$10— UPPER flat 4 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
st., near Seventeenth.
$20— NEW lower flat, fi rooms; porcelain bath;
tiled sink: fancy mantels. 2105 Jones st.
FLATS TO LET Furnished.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath-
modern conveniences. 1443 McAllister st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 2f>c to 50c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.
SEWING machine, parlor, bedroom, kitchen
furniture for sale this week. 2815 Mission - st.
$150 BUYS a flat of six nicely furnished rooms.
821V4 Mission St., near Fifth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range, Kiug Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
• FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand-Highest cash price paid. 559 Mission.
, HELP — Female.
WOMAN and child- cook for men; $16. MISS
CULLEIN. 326 Sutter st. ,
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; $26; references;
- MISS CULLBN. 325 Butter, st.
j THREE boarding-house cooks- $30 and $35; city
j ana country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl $20- German girl to take
charge of boy S years old and sew, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter st. _____
HOUSEWORK-Belvedere $25; Oakland. $25;
Mill Valley $20; Sausallto, $20; San Rafael,
$26; Santa Clara, $20; Napa, $20, and several
other towns. 20 housework girls, city, $15,
$20 and $26; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to
$16: 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 and $25; 4 second girls, %20
each. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
Telephone Main 651.
CR. HANSEN &CO PHONE GRANT ISS.
. : FREE FARE
i extra chambermaids to wait to go to-day,
$1 a day; call early; Pacific Grove. .
■ FREE FARE
1 extra waitresses for springs, $1 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES, Madera, $20; 2 waitresses,
Dunsmulr, $20: fare here- 1 waitress. Oro-
ville. $20; head waitress, $25, and 2 side wait-
resses, $20
ARM WAITING
Bakersfleld: waitress. Vallejo $20; waitress.
Williams. $20; 4 waitresses, city, $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, Pescadero, $20; waitress to
assist chamberwork, ?2C, city; 3 waitresses
(arm waiting), hotels, $20, $22 60, city; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $5 and $6 week; working
housekeeper for rooming house. Sacramento
(see party here). $20; laundress. $25, Redding;
2 cooks, restaurant. $7 and $8 week, city;
cook,, restaurant, Newman $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN 4 CO., 104 Geary et.
GERMAN nurse girl, $20; 40 girls for general
housework, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN .<• CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Second girl $25; French second
| girl, $36; 4 second girls In city. $20: 8 German
cooks for private families, boardlr.g-h!*ises
and hotels, In city and country. $25, $30; 6
children's nurses, city, at $15 and $20; 12 wait-
resses for hotels and restaurants in city and
country. $25 and $20; cook and second girl for
same house, Oakland, $25 and $20; chamber- }
maid and waitress for country hotel. $20 each;
and a large number of girls tor general house-
work in city and country, $30. $25 and $20.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Suiter.
TWO boarding-house cooks, $30 and $25; two I
nurseglrls, $20 each; 4 cooks, private family.
$25 each; 25 houaeglrls, $25 and $20-, woman to
do housework,, must sleep home, $20; house-
girl, two In family, $20. MRS. NORTON.
. 318 Slitter st. |
WAITRESS. $25; laundress, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL OA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st., room 12.
WANTED Apprentice on dressmaking; also
young girl. 1507 Devisadero st.
NEAT girl light housework for 2; $10. Call
after 5 p. m. at 1111 Shotwell st.
APPRENTICES for millinery at 3003 Sixteenth
St., above Mission.
i NEAT tidy girl, 14 to 16. to assist light house-
work; Alatn< da Rox 21iM. Call oftlce^
YOUNG German girl to as list In light house-
work; good home. Call between 2 and 3 p.
I m. at 37 Fulton st
i GIRL to assist; about 14; sleep home. 1907
Harrison St., near Sixteenth.
WANTED— Young girl to act as saleslady In
small bakery. 613 Post st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; good
plain cook and some assistance to children;
$20 per month. 024 Devlsadero st.
' GIRL wanted in florist store at 1165 Market st.
REAL good cook for big family; $7 week. I
I Apply to DR. CHAMLEY, 2a Third St.
WANTED— A lady of refinement to assist in |
light housework; good home and fair pay for i
the right party. i all after 12 noon 116 Taylor.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced talloress on,
custom coats. 1814 Market st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework and take
car*- of children at 1013 Golden Gate aye., j
after 9 a. m.
| WANTED— Waitress. 602 Third st; call early. J
i WANTED— GirI to work in kitchen. 830 How-
| «rd st.
GERMAN girl to assist In genera] housework.
145 Eleventh St., near, Howard; call Let. 9
| and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced plain ironer. App'y
10 oak st.
NEAT girl for light housework; 2 in family:
wages $8 to $9. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED Woman for genera] housework, I
small family. Call 439 Minna street.
WANTED Girl for general housework; $15.
2912 Clay st.
WAITRESS wanted— 63l lay st., People's Res- j
taurant.
GIRL wanted fnr second work and sewing; ref-
erenrrs. 1725 Pine st.
GIRL to help in :• — work. Apply 119. Stan-
yan it., oiT Haight.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; steady work.
Call to-day 304 Geary st.
GOOD woman to do plain cooking in country,
$20. Apply 339 12th. near Harrison.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
el., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO.,
LTD.. Brannan st., l^t. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS'. GIRLS!
I.KYI STRAUSS & CO.. 32\4 Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— First-class nurse to care for two
children; references required. Box 2236, Call.
GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36V4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
576 San Jose aye. •
YOUNG men and ladles to sell a beautiful
chromo to soldiers; can make $2 a day. Call
at photo gallery, entrance to Presidio, all this
month.
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework.
Call 1322 Masonic aye.
SEVERAL ladles can find employment es-
pecially suited to refined women; answer im-
mediately. Box 247*. Call.
WANTED— girl as apprentice for ladles'
tailoring; paid from start. 944 Geary st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . ;
HELP WANTED — Male.
ALL discharged soldiers wanting work on the
coast railroad as laborers, teamsters or tun-
nelmen at going wages can secure It free of
any extiense to the work. C. R. HANSEN
- CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FEE FREE FARE
for tunnelmen. teamsters and laborers. $2 75 !
to $1 75 a day; coast road.
5 stonemasons. $3 50 a day; fee $1. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FAKE™" 7
Teamsters and laborers for the Valley Road.
$2 a day.. C. R. HANBEiN & CO., 104 Geary.
COOK and wife, country hotel. $75; cook and
helper for a camp, J75; second cook, country
hotel, $60; second cook, family hotel, $40: sec-
ond, restaurant, $40; cook, boarding house,
city, $40; cook, .mall hotel, $35, near city;
vegetable cook, hotel, $35; potwasher. hotel,
city. $27 50: country $25.
Walters, $40. $20 and $25, city and country;
head waiter, $35; oyster-man, $8 a week; bar-
keeper, tel, $40.
Bell and elevator boys, $10, $12 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 10. Geary st.
2 R. R. camp cooks; $45 to $r.O. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 104 Geary st. •
BLACKSMITH helper, R. R. camp, free fare,
$2 25 a day: blacksmith, sawmill, $40 and
found: 8 winery hands, $1 25 a day and found,
long Job; 2 milkers. $30 and found; 2 section
hands, $1 70 a day: 6 laborers to build a rail-
road in the woods. $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel; $45.
_ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Young man or strong boy to do
chores on nice ranch, near city, free fare 1
and $15 per month and found, must be able j
to ride a horse: man to make himself useful
abiiut a milk depot In city, $20 per' month
and found, good place; 2 miners, $2 25 per !
day; 1 blacksmith for logging camp, no shoe- j
Ing, $40 and board; baker, small Institution,
$20 and found; 2 carpenters, 8 hours,- $8 per
day; farmers, milkers and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st— cooks, coun-
try. $50, $35; 3 second cooks, $40; waiter, $40;
kitchen hands, $30 to $30; carpenter for in-
stitution, $60; 3 laundrymen. $25 and $35: por-
ter for Institution. $20; 3 bed makers, $20 to
$85; farmer, $20; 5 laborers for factory, etc •■-:•
HELP WANTED — Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6848.
Leading employment and labor agents. .
want to-day from 7 a. m.
12 carpenters, 8 hours $3 day
6 other carpenters
$2 50 day and $2 and found
5 blacksmiths ..$3 day. $50, $40. $35 and found
band sawyers, $2 76 day; machinist, $3 day;
cooper for winery mill benchhand
woodturner, $2 75; carriage painter; sash and
door maker, $3 day; upholsterer; setter for
sawmill; sandstone cutter, $5 day; lather for
sawmill
HARVEST HELP, $2 50, $2. $1 50 day and
found
$3 50 day... strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
— Farm, Dairy and Choremenand Boys ....
I 36 farm hands $40, $35, $30. $26 and found
6 milkers $35, $30, $25 and found
16 choremen, boys for farms, orchards, stores,
I factories, learn trades, etc
$30. $26, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
woodchoppers, tlemakers. by the hundreds;
tools and food found, fare paid, $2 SO. $2.
$150, $1 cord; 12c each ties
MARRIED
bartender and cook :....
! 3 farmers and wives 3 cooks and wives
3 milkers and wives, $40, $35. $30 and found.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
19 teamsters $40 and $26 and found
50 laborers $2 day, $1 75 day, $30 and found
7 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40 -to
$25 and found
single 354 laborers and teamsters for all
parts of California, $3, $2, $1 75 day...'..
$3 day... drillers and hammersmen...s2 75 day
20 teamsters, four horses, fare $150 $60
gardeners, coachmen ....
I $1 10 per 100 pounds hop pickers
i men, women, etc ._
j 20 laborers, manufacturing company
i $36 and found
1 MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
! FRUIT PICKERS $30 and found
| GRAPE PICKERS
i 656 men and boys, no experience required....
59 fruit and grape pickers, fare $1
$30 and found
| 83 fruit and grape pickers, fare $150
$30 and found
! 23 fruit end grape pickers, Santa Clara C 0....
$30 and found
52 fruit and grape pickers, north, fare $1 50
$30 and found
53 fruit and grape pickers, south, fare $4....
$80 and found
IS2 fruit and grape pickers, north, fare $3
I $30 and found
I office fee $1 about 80 to 90 days' Jobs
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Cfay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE SHIP TO-DAY
to 37 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA
197 laborers, no experience required. $26 to $40
per month and found; also every class of ex-
perienced mill and woods men wanted, from
! $Mi to $30 and found.
MURRAY * READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
To 'very railroad In California but one (the
one we don't ship to Is Coast Railroad),
drillers, hammersmen, laborers, teamsters,
section hands, etc., wages from $3 50 day,
board and lodging $4 50 week. MURRAY &
READY. 884 and 636 Clay st
MARRIED OR SINGLE
10 men to handle lumber in city, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE paid Santa Clara Co fare paid
25 men to work around a manufacturing Co..
$21 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES
6 miners $60
20 laborers $34 and found.
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
PORTERS, BELL AND ELEVATORBOYS
32 cooks $50. $45, $4". $30 and found
i 37 waiters $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
10 waiters for camps, mines, $30. $25 and found
53 dishwashers $30, $20, $20. $15 and found'
7 porters, $30 to $17 and found: elevator and
bell boys. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
BAKERS 7 laundrymen, $35 and found
3 first, 5 second, 9 third handbakers, $4f>. $35,
$30, $25, $20 and found; also boys to learn.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
I WANTED— Carriage blacksmith, $4 day; engi-
I neei ami machinist for mine; machinist For
country. $2 00 to $3 day; farmers, $20 and $30;
3 milkers; 75 laborers for mines, railroads and
other work at $1 75 to $2 40 day; teamsters
tor city and country. $1 70 and $2 day; 5 quartz
I minors, $2 50 day; dairyman and wife and
fruit Tinkers and hop pickers. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
| WANTED — Young American clerk for fur-
j nishing goods store; errand boy for store, $4
1 week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.
1 WANTED _ hotel cooks, $30. $40 and $45; 2
cooks and wives for country, $",.", and $65;
French cook, $55; first-class restaurant wait-
ers, $36 and $40 and $10 week; assistant baker,
$35; dishwashers, $20 and $25; porters, omni-
bus. vegetableman and others. J. F. CRO-
j SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife for spring hotel;
open all the year; $60. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT &- CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BARKEEPER, $30, country; second cook, $40:
waiter. $25. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Mont-
gomery st.
MAN to help gardener, $20: short distance; see
party here 1 O'clock. MRS. NORTON. 31!
Sutter st.
WANTED— A good confectioner. SSI Hayes st. '
WANTED— A tatter at 721 Green st. Call with
tools.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker wanted for country;
also ladles' tailor. Apply P. GREENBERG
._ CO., Flood building.
WANTED— A first-class cloak salesman for
position in San Jose; state age, experience,
reference and salary. Apply box 2106, Call.
GOOD barber for one week; wages $12; Ameri-
can or German. 855 Chester St., Oakland;
Center st. station. Come to-day.
GOOD barber at 252- Ellis st.; steady Job to the
right man.
WANTED— good barber. 479 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
GOOD barber wanted; steady -work if suitable.
325 Grant aye.
GOOD barber wanted; wages $12. 408*4 Sixth
street.
STRONG dishwasher wanted. Call after 8
a. m. 119 Stockton st.
PORTER wanted— Apply after 9 a. m. at the
Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES LYONS,
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
BOYS about 16 years old wanted. Apply at
Rope Works. Potrero.
WAITER and dishwasher wanted at 10S Hayes
street.
TINSMITH . wanted— One that understands
roofing. 678 Geary st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fillmore St., bar-
ber shop.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush st., room 4, third floor.
WANTED— Boy to work around Mercantile
Towel Laundry. 251 Jessie St.
GOOD cook wanted. 1416 Howard st. res-
taurant.
PHOTO engraver wanted. Apply CALIFOR-
NIA PHOTO ENGRAVING CO., 513 Market.
|60 PER month, with chance of advance; steady
man to deliver goods and collect; must have
$100 cash. Apply 1032 Market st., room 4. *.-•
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 1504 Folsom
Ft.," near Eleventh.
WANTED— Active boy or young man to drive
team and learn trade. 1612 Devl__-d_ro st.
WANTED— A second hand on bread. RUTZ'S
Bakery, 836 Valencia.
WANTED Young man with some experience
at pantaloon pressing. 724 V& Market, rm. 27.
WANTED— Men to solicit and do clerical work.
Call at 737 Market St., room 20.
SECOND COOK. 432 Fifth st.
WANTED Experienced plumber; steady work
for good man. Address Branch, 1941 Mission. .
2 SHOEMAKERS on repairing; steady work.
756 Howard st.
FOUR shoemakers on repairing. Boston Shoe
Repairing Co.. 1155 Market st.
WANTED— Dishwasher, 430 Sansome st.
WANTED— Two good men. Apply at 22 Post
st., from 7:30 a. m. to 8:30 a. m.
WANTED— restaurant waiter. 175 Fourth
street. •
WANTED— good bushelmen at RAPH-
AEL'S, at once. _
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at 625 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— In a small restaurant as
' dishwasher. Apply -l'> Mason st.
GOOD coatmaker by the week; good wages.
486 Bush st. . .
BARBERS— Paying shop for sale; cheap rent;
part cash. 203 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Young man to work in bakery; need
not be a baker; wages to begin with, $25.
336 Third st. ■
WANTED— Boy in confectionery. 1503 Geary.
WANTED— A cake baker at 336 Third St.;
wages $35.
WANTED — men; light work: steady Job. 376
San Jose aye.. between 2.'th and 2<>th sts.
BARBERS— SIOO; hotel shop and laundry. Ad-
dress box 2239, Call Office.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. -..-.•■.-
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; .1 to $2 per week.
HELP WANTED
WANTED— Reliable young man with $75 cash;
$12 to $15 a week; no experience required. See
owner, 27 a ,4 Fourth st, room 7.
MAX who thoroughly understands well boring
and drilling; state wages and references. Box
2494, Call.
8 TEAMSTERS, 3 laborers. Fourteenth aye.
and N st. south; take Kentucky cars.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
BARBELS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 132.
OFFICE boy, 14 to 16, wholesale ho.use; $3 per
week. Box 2438, Call.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ 1 , 634 Pacific.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half |
price. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
| GET : your shoes half-soled While waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
THREE or four good hustlers; solicit from
wagons; salary or commission. 156 Fifth st.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to ZBa; heeling, 16c «p. 923 Howard st
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. •
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S'4 Eighth st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
j SINO.I-.E rooms, 16c, 20c, 25c ■- r night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 week. Elcho House, 863,£ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 250 a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United Rtatpn. postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
MULES— One car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year round; a special field of
alfalfa. Egyptian corn and other kinds of
f-*>d to fatten 500 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY, Grayson, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, ;
327 Sixth st.; auction pales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— lS head of work horses from 1050
to 1600 pounds: from 5 to 7 years old. Apply
J. H. DUTCHER. Llvermore, Cal.
FAMILY horse, buggy and harness for Bale
cheap for want of use. 1222 Steiner St., cor,
Eddy.
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale. Apply Four-
teenth aye. and R. St., South San Francisco.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
$800— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
R. H. WINSTON. 1026 MARKET STREET,
. RELIABLE BROKER
14 rooms; cor.; central; snap $850
2S rooms; cheap rent; only 800
82 rooms, corner; part cash 1200
41 rooms; Powell St.; elegant house 3200
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 421 Bush St., opp.
California Theater — rooms; gas and water
In every room.
JULIAN aye., 192, cor. 16th— Lodging house 11
rooms: all occupied: S130; rent 816.
HOUSES TO LET.
GEARY, 639, rear — Sunny; all renovated; 4
rooms and bath; $12, with water.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; yard; $10 per mtnth. Apply
JOHN I. GRAHAM, 431 Precita aye.
HYDE, 711, near / Sutter— 2-story bay-window
house; 11 room?:' mod. Imp.; reasonable.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan Bts.
$27 60— 3-STORY bay-window house in good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
41U£ California st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
ON Mason st., bet. Pacific and Washington, a
.gold nugget scarfpln. Liberal reward and no
questions asked if returned to J. GARCIA,
1208 Mason st.
BLACK newspaper cart and harness; stolen
from Third and Market sts. Return to 219
Capp st.; no questions asked and receive
reward.
LOST— A feather boa on Polk St., bet. Pine and
California, Reward if returned to 633 Golden
Gftte aye.
LOST— From 1800 block on California st. to Sac-
ramento and Leavenworth sts. ; valuable
chain bracelet. Finder will receive reward by
returning to MADISON & BURKE, 626 Mar-
' ket Ft.
LOST— screw pin; liberal reward if re-
turned to 530 Ellis st.
$20 REWARD— Lost; black spaniel dog on Aug.
25, 1599; short tail. Above reward will be
paid by return to The Ormonde, 432 Califor-
nia st. RUSCONI & FISHER.
LOST— Black water spaniel pup, 3"* months
old. male. Return to 1313 Stockton st. and
receive reward.
LOST — Small black Cocker spaniel dog, heav-
ily feathered; has on nickel link and leather
collar; has been missing several days. Re-
turn to 1352 Market St. Liberal reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
'DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 i). m. .
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and- Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
I tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln. .
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 122S
Market st.,. between Taylor and Jones
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. SB Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS ALLEN, ladies' physician. S2S Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
rrj. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats nil dis-
eases of the human body 11.*, Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth. •
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
WANTED— T(* sell, D. 9 Wheeler & Wilson ma-
chine; almost new; $30. 1713' 2 Jones st.
NICELY mounted carabao head from Manila
for sale. Wyoming Camp, Presidio.
SINGER sewing machine, nearly new. 33 Mom
St., upstairs, off Folsom, near Seventh.
FOR sale— Young Newfoundland dog. Apply
334 Green St., top floor.
ST BERNARD dog. 14 months old; $23. Apply
797 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety ixes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.,Cal.
$20— DOMESTIC sewing machine, 7 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission st., near
Fifteenth.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.; gas ens. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
1 G-\SOLINE engine; 1., H. p. . compute and
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suits. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND billiard table: In good order;
complete. 835 Folsom St., WM. BATEMAN.
IRISH setters; pedigree show and working
stock. Glenmore Kennels, 2641 Linden, OaJtld.
MISCELLANEOUS For Sale.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks c changed,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. .Stevenson st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. 11. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE Flmh-jrst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
Eire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donol • bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abov«
telephone South 14.
ANY amount of su. per cent on real estate, 3d
and t d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. MeCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
H C ; H "V, 1 L respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indortser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell St.
$60 TO $00,000; lowest rates; Ist and Id mortgs.s
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; n»
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
■ each and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are tho
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Butter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 2" O'Farrell st. pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A FINE Arlon piano will be sold this morn-
ing to the first party bidding over the $S0
limit. Room 21. Flood building.
FINE upright piano, very little used, at a big
bargain. 74 Ninth st.
W. O. BADGER, 401 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap lor cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market Bt.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
tale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
A DECKER A SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS', 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ.. 16 McAllister, next Hibernta Bank.
i A— sSs UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
| the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 21"5 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, 169 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 803
Post Ft.
WANTED— Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY, 80S Post gt.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styes. KOH-
LER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell Ft.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'I.I.ER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
•United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
OFFICES AND STOKES To Let.
aT^T~SPECK~&^O.. 667 Market st.— sloo, 414
Kearny; $75. 116 Mission; $75, 337 Geary; $35,
SE. corner Howard and Tenth.
$14— STORE, southwest corner Ellis and Scott
sts.; store, three rooms and bath.
EMMA SPRECKELS tuildiner. 927 Market St.—
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; classes;
office hours. Ito 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
PROFESSOR MARVILL reveals life and fate.
7 -I Larkin St.. hours 10-12, 1-S p. in.
PERSONALS.
MRS. LUMBARDO, arrived from Albuquerque,
! New Mexico. 7 Bridget place.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
beautiful; soc. Mrs. Butler, r. 350, Phelan bldg.
LEDERER'S QUINTINICA is Just the Hair
Tonic you are looking for; Just what you
need; fee bot. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
LEDERER'S artistic hair dressers will show
you the new imported styles, 25c; Xederer's
Foamo Shampoo is the best yet; nothing so
good; 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
GUITARSZITHERS tuned and repaired; latest
music. 860 Market st., room 25.
HOTEL Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, Cal.— First-
class fa lily and commercial hotel. This
hotel is located on corner of Locust and Vina
sts., I block from Court House; rates $1 to $2
per day; special rate to families.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 73 j
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to, 132 Eddy Et.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. 838 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent TrademarK
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
2.V to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to {6 per week;
free 'bur and baggage to and from the ferry,
A— LADIES' tail r-i idi suits to order at
wl '-sale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome St.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero loolc
nice together. Mexican Art. lit Stockton st.
GOOD tai .or-made suits at reasonable price*
by F. SCHOETTLER, 320 Kearny st.
jam; A. SORENSON watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
RUI'TUKi:. stricture cured; no knife . no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin.sl4 Pine, ab.Krnjr.
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 937. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 .*,!•■'--• St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manuTacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
* WEEK'.sTnevvs for 5 cents-The Weekly Call,
16 pages in wrapper, for mailing, I ■■■' year.
PHYSICIANS "AND SUKGEOHS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVKR, free treatment dally, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market st.. room 6.
DR. C. C DONNI ; I office and residence,
102114 Market St.. bet, Sixth and Seventh.
i ' _ ___rr^j.
l'jioi'KTrv WANTED.
WANTED to ront— Small grain and; stock
rani on ."hares. Ad'lrt-rs U.im-h. I^',-^ Sixth.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
A FEW CHARMERS.
In the KxHiuirnT building.
$175,000— Market St.; 7 years' lease; rents $10,-
-0(0 pei annum net; grand improvements.
JHr.,ol.o— C-flory stone, if i ■■:. ami Iron build-
ing: rents $10,000 per annum; guaranteed lease*
8 years' ieate.
• JUO.POO— fi-strry new pressed brick; 5 years*
guaranteed lease; rents ?7COU.
$."2,000 — 4-story liri-k; vicinity of Tivoll; pay»
5 per cent 5 net; always rented.
J2s.CCo— Grand investment block from Stockton
and Market; lot 33x137; old Improvements; pays
5 ■•!■ cent net.
$25,C00— O'Farrell St.; a big snap; lot :.2x137'6*
With gen Improvements ci' stores. . etc. , rents
almost ?-<:0 a month'; not far from Mason st .
must sell. " "
$12.500— A grand bargain; only half block
from Taylor and Market sts.; rents $100 a
month; lot 50 feet front.
667 Ot M a rket ar 8 i " A * M ' BPECK & °°-REAL ESTATE — For Sale.
A. M. BPECK I CO.. t
667 Market street, opposite Kearay. I
SELECTED BARGAINS.
$■45,000-— Geary-st. corner, down town; three ■,
frontages; t3xBo; If improved will pay i
S per cent net.
$25.000— Within few blocks of Orpheum; 6»xlU;
stores and lodging-house; rents about
$:000 per year.
$IS,ooo— Forty feet frontage on First st~, two
frontages; near Mission st.
$14,000— st., near Taylor; store and lcdg- j
Ing-house; fine buy.
$i 2,500— About 100 feet from Market and Sixth
sta . si re and three flats; lot 50x7S;
rents $100.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; two
good flats: want an offer.
$7,ooo— Fremont St., near Santa Fe ferry site;
64x132; rents $700 annually.
$s,3oo— Six flats; vicinity Hlbernl* Bank;
rents $654 yearly.
$3.C00-Ten-ro«m r?s!<l.»r.ce. near Golden Gate
aye.; lot S7:6x!a7:«.
$3,000— Mason-st. bargain; must sell; lot S5
feet frontage; two houses.
$I,6oo— Three flats, near Mason and Clay sts.;
rant* $20.
$7850— CHOICEST comer of all; marine and
park view, front and rear: cannot be obstruct-
ed- 10 large sunny rooms; m at expensively
decorated; inlaid floor, mahogany, cherry and
oak mantels; plate-glass windows; very costly
6-light gas flitures: French range, heaters,
conservatory, eto. Arply corner Fulton and
Shrader bis . from 12 to 4 p. m. ; McAllister
or Hayes st. cars; term? to suit.
15300— COULD not be duplicated for less than
$C 000; new up-to-date park residence; only 1
left out of 6; 9 sunny rooms; 4 extra fine man-
tel* <~_k doors and staircase: Incandescent
' electric lighting; marble steps; large lot, etc
171 Carl St., near Stanyan; Ellis-st. cars
within 1 block; Ferries, Park and Ocean cars
pa«» the door; owasr on premises.
$1200— SACRIFICE ; almost new cottage: four
lance rooms; lot 37:6x140; with or without 8
adjoining lota; at one-third actual value; $100
ca*h, $15 monthly; a chance of a lifetime:
block from Folsom st. Apply 1223 Courtland
aye.. or P. A. DOLAN. €36 Market st.
NEW HOMES..- •••••
Five. 6, 7, 9 and It room houses, finished
with all modern convenience*, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose st».. from $3104
to $4£00; terms to suit purchaser. V. p<E_-
SON. Builder.
BUT a home far cash; I j_arant*« to advance
»6 per cent of purchase price; payable lIP
monthly, on each $1000. P. A. DC-AN, 638
Market st.
FOR SALE— eOx«O; Brannan St.. bet. First and
Second; pays $70 per month; also Soxl*.;&, be-
tween Second" and near Third. Apply T.
CAMPBELZ,, Si" Brannan tt.
S ELEGANT flats; BE. cor. Scott and Sacra-
mexto eta; EIxSl:5; all rented. J. H. CAiISE,
II Montgomery st.
IF you hay» lot* north of Golden Gate Park,
west or First aye., an you wish to sell them,
call on W. J- GUNN. 410 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE COUXTRV — For Sale
$20,000— VINEYARD; close to Napa City; 90
acres with winery and all improvement*; this
would make one of th» best resorts In Ci.ll-
foroia. Mclaughlin & co., 7T7-, Market.
OIL land— Kern County belt; K0 acre?; U. S.
patent: a bargain for quick cash sale. Box
2106. Call office.
FOR -Chicken ranch, 84 acres level
land. i-room house, 6 chicken houses, large
bam, well and pump, 100 fruit trees, 75
chickens, some new furniture: close to school,
7ii_ miles from Petaluma; a.; fenced and
complete for nice home. Terms, $SOO cash,
balance, $600. — cix years at 6 per cent.
Address GEORGE MILLER, Cotati, Sonoma
County, Cal.
FOR SALE— 6^O acres dairying or grazing land
In the southern part of Humboldt County.
Cal.; never-falling crops; plenty of wood and
water; best of climate. MARTIN R. JA-
GER. 110 Taylor St., S. F.
HOTEL rr<Tfrty across the bay; lot 75x150; S3
sunny rooms: half block rom depot; fine
grounds: good business year round. SCHOTT-
LER, * CO., $13 Market st.
FOR sale or exchange for Alampda Co. prup-
erty— lo-acxe ranch: house, outbuildings and
bearing orchard. 123 Prospect plar?e. S. F.
J3O0 — 165 acres. Sonoma County; sisal! house;
plenty wood and water. Apply '-'■ Fifth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any a.l.lress In the
United States, p^'-paid. for *'■ p«r year.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popu'.ar prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia st -■■■'.'■'
EDDY. 915—1 or 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms; all conveniences; private residence;
references.
EDDY, 017— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rms.; splendid location; private res^
FIFTH. 309 (now corner house— Suite connect-
ing rms.; handsomely furn.; complete hakpg.
FIFTH, 3i3— 3 furnished housekeeping. $13; 2,
$12; single rooms. $5 to $7: also store and rms.
FOLSOM. 525— 1-arge sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekbj
FULTON, 11%, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
Sat. 3 rms., sas range, bath; also others.
GEARY, VAl—i nice unfurnished rooms; hath;
toiiei; gas; yard: basement: furnished hall.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh— l large sunny un-
furnished room; furnished suites.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 3:tl— 2 nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; private
family; fl2__
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Large front bay-
wlr.dow with housekeeping privileges; $10.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
floor; complete; sun: bath; yard; private fam.
HOW \RD, 649—2 large housekeeping rooms, '
with bath, in quiet family; 3 rooms on the
ground floor, with water and yard.
HOWARD. 1130U— Furnished sunny bay-win-
dow EUlte; other rooms; light housekeeping.
IVAN HOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up;ref.
MARKET, 1023— Larce sunny front rrw>m and
kitchen, folding bed, closet; rent $12.
MINNA, 434 — Largo room, furnished for house- !
keeping, $6; also single room.
O'FARRELL. 12$. corner Powell— Nice front I
room, $5. Apply at 16 Grant aye. ;
O'FARRELL. 750— Sunny parlor: folding bed,
etc.; also kitchen and laundry: everything
complete: side entrance; also 2 furnished sin-
gle rooms^
PINE, 1300 — Sunny unfurnished basement; ,
range; running water; yard; $10.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house- I
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
POLK. 1827, bet. Washington and Jackson-
Sunny rooms, both double and single; also
sunny furnished housekeeping; use of bath;
quiet location; care bandy; private family;
reasonable^
BUTTER 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably turn. !
single suites; also hskpg.; terms rer.-nn.ihl-.
THE* Piedmont— ll9A Slxth-Furnishe.l roi,:r.=
for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, 316— Furnished housekeeping; H £0 to
$2 £0; 'transient solicited.
TURK 545— Sunny bedroom s.nd kitchen on par-
lor floor; running water; $14 per month.
TWELFTH. 12. near Market— 2 or 1 rooms for
housekeeping: furnished or unfurnished; i->.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor st».—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms, 50c to gl 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH offlrefor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencia st.
AT New Grand 246 3d— 200 -class sunnyrms.. '
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 3a Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rim., Bultt-H. single; also unfurnished^
CABBOLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate !
aye. corner; well turn: rm>: & offices.
EDDY. 123 (United Stafs Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from ?1 50 a week up.
EDDY, 218— Furnished rooms, single and on
suite; also for housekeeping ; bat. gas.
FOURTH. 2!2',i (Palm House)— First-class sun- |
ny bay-window rooms; also i Ingle, $1 -•- up. ;
GEARY. .14A— $ -iy furnished suite of rooms; '
also MriK> rooms from $1 up.
GEARY. 402— Newly furnished Funny rooms and i
suites. 52 per week up; very desirable. '
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn. ■
rooms; travel ■ accommodated. MRS. HYER.
geajit, M«— Sunny front and back parlor; ,
eiano; phone; other rooms; light housekpg. (
ROOMS TO LET — and I'nfnrn.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
GREEN, 417— Nice large front furnished room;
rent $6.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 66 to a per week.
HARRISON. 501 — nice and sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
HOTEL Grosevenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton—
Bpnny suites, single rms. ; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD, 715—200 punny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 759— Two nice furnished rooms;
cheap.
HOWARD. 829- Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HYDE, 1106— Nice sum rooms for gentlemen
or light housekeeping if desired.
MARKET. 168." and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MINNA, 2. r .3— Double and single sunny rooms;
also housekeeping.
MINNA. CG7. cor.Elghth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
N ATOM A. 252. near Fourth— 2 front unfurnish-
ed rooms; water and closet; rent $6.
PORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, run. and single. $5 up; also hskpg.
NICELY furnished sunny room, suitable for 2
gentlemen; reasonable. Address 709 Polk St.,
near Eddy.
OAK. 18. near Market st. and Van Nrfs aye.—
I Single, sunny, furnished room, $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office?; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRKLL, 230 Newly furnished sunny
suites; also fie; transient solicited.
POLK, 1012— Sunny alcove room. $10; other
room, ?7.
POWELL. 317 Formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 12G Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' larlor; rooms, per night. SSc to $1 BO;
week. $2 to $5; month. $8 to $31; elevator on
off!' floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH. 282— Nice sunny rooms; detached
house; all modern conveniences.
TAYLOR, 340— Room with I teds for 1 or 3
gentlemen; rent reasonable; also single room.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— "urnished end unfurnished.
SIXTH, 83, nr. Market. Hills-dale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
UNION Square House, 242 Stockten— Modern
rooms; by day, w*ek or month; central.
UNION, 1213—1 furnished front room; rent $6
per month.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. *1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED, by married couple, without child-
ren, 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms In
private family; not over 3 blocks from Fifth
and Market sts. Address Rooms. 1007 Oak st.
WANTED — Two furnished rooms: light house-
keeping; •a. stove; state price. Box 2103,
Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES'.— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable; take no
other: send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chen Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
RAD tenants eje- i for $4; collections made: ;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 i ages, sent to any address In the
United SI ites or Canada one year for $1.
poptace paid.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CAI.A. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay zS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
■\LAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOt'R elegant new up-to-date 2-story bouses
of 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3)00 to MOW; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lota for cash and houses to let
in all parti of A.um»da.
$2200— Lot £0x150; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot :;5x113, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; In fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500: any terms: same as rent.
$2600— Let 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage: near High School and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x1f1a; with a fine modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all done; near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month.
$2SoO— ssoo cash, balance $:." per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250— $500 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-st. eta-
tion; best bargain In Alameda; elegant real-
dence* on Santa Clara aye. and Central ay«.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORKAL & CO.,
1432 Park St.. Alameda.
$900— LOT 40x103; northwest corner; 1 block
from Wlliow-st station.
$1100— Lot 50x150; San Antonio aye., near
Chestnut st.
$1200—35x125; 6-room cottage; fine location;
"snap."
41S00 — 8-room house; Grand-st. station.
50x150; elegant new S-roora house; Clin-
ton aye., near Chestnut-st. station.
$3500—00x150; elegant 8-room new house; Ala-
meda aye., bet. Lafayette and Union sts.
All the above are close to schools and cen-
trally located and can be purchased on easy
terms; same as paying rent: Investigate.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
18 POST ST.. S. F.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 50x150: easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St.. Mastick fetation, Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 tent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for infilling. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and
cold water shower baths; steam heat; tele-
phone near station; breakfast if <J"slred;
"very hime comfort. 2101 Central ays.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for Indies in delicate health: large
crour.ds; private. MRS. DR. FI'NKI-:. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASB TRACT.
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY,
a MIXL'TES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
Th» cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
THIRTY ACRES FOR SALE.
Right In the heart of beautiful Berkeley,
Just fit to cut up. n»H.r the university and
railroad; fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON, Poet' ' block. Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS, (80 Market st . Ran Francisco.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly till paid for— A nice
plain home for a bachelor, lot 43x250 feet,
\trt(C $250 all told; a hard-to-beat bargain; 250
feet new fencing, large grove of trees, cli-
mate, soil and view the best, no fogs nor
raw winds here: near a 90-foot boulevard and
electric car lines: fine 3-story schoolhouse
close by: 62 ' families located within 2 years;
building up rapidly. Call or send for circu-
lar 455 Seventh St.. near Broadway, 0ak-
1a,,,!. carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
»1C 000— OLD established business. Apply to S.
E. BUNCE. «0» Broadway, Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FULLY furnished house. 6 rooms, gas and coal
ranges; low to adults. 1463 Twenty-third
aye., East Oakland. _________________
OAKLAND FURNITURE ITOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellha-as. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 7 (85 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, September 11. 1899. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. September 6,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for new pattern boots— Depot
Quartermaster's office. 86 New Montgomery
[ St., San Francisco, C_., September 2, 1899.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceivd st this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
September 13, 1599, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing 6000 pairs of new
pattern boots, conforming to standard and
specifications, adopted August 23. 1899. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal 'including in
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
Will be given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent, of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any of the proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
Will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals for now pattern Boots," and addressed
to Captain OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quar-
termaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
U B ENGINEER office, LRUzhlln building.
Los Angeles, Cal., August 29. IS99— Sealed
proposals for continuing construction of Jetty
at San Diego Harbor. Cal.. will be received
here until 11 a. m., September 2". 1599. and
then publicly opened. Information furnished
I on application. JAMES J. MEYLER. Cap-
tain Engineers.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Strifes or Canada one year for $1,
pr.yta.ge paid.
i BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in tit either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with th« name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
JARRETT— In this city. August SO, 1899, to the
wife of Charles Jarrett, a son.
COWEN— In this city, September 4, 1599. to the
wife of F. S. Ccwen, a son.
HEINE— In this city. September 2, 1899. to the
wife of H. W. Heine, a daughter.
SCHILLER— In this city, September 4. 1599, to
the wife of Charles Schiller, a son.
_________
MABRIED.
FTESS— NEILL— In this city. August 30, 1599.
by the Rev. Father Hugh Lagan, Henry C.
Fless and Ida F. Nelll, both of San Francisco.
: LAITY— HUTCHINSON— In this city, Septem-
ber 4 1899 by the Rev. Philip Coombe, James
John Laity of Redding, Cal.. and Addle
H itchinaon of San Francisco.
YON ARX— RALSTON— In this city, August 31.
1599, by Rev. Philip Coombe. George yon Arc
and Daisy Myrtle Ralston, both of San Fran-
cisco.
WIL.SON— RILEY— In this city. September 4,
1539, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
William John Wilson of San Francisco and
Lizzie Riley of Watsonville.
DIED.
Blckel, Dare F. Hunter, John
Bruns. Herrmann Mac Donald. Kitty
Callaghan, Michael Patterson, Robert
Connelly, Timothy Reese. Mary J.
Fessler, Walter Scott, Martha E.
Fifer, Alfred Bearers, R«na
Gilnllan. Elizabeth Strather. Kate B.
Heuer. George A. Wright, Lucy A.
Himes, William. H.
BirTCEI-r-In Oakland. Cal., September 4. 1*99
Frlnk, Infant sun of Homer T. and
Abby Frink Bickel. a«ed 3 months and 11
(iu.y s .
E?"The funeral will take place to-morr. w
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from their
residence, 1166 Tenth street, Oakland. Friends
will be welcome at the services.
BRUNS— In this city, September 4, ISM, Herr-
mann, dear!y beloved son of Henry anl
• c Bruns, and brother of Bertha, Willie.
Henry. H(>!eTie, George and Claus Bruns. a
native of Byron, Contra Costa County. Cal..
aged 7 years and 4 months. ♦
CALLAGHAN— In this city, September I, IM9,
i ion of Mary Callaghan and
y >r , t v lt . r o f James. John, Patrick, William
Joseph Cnllaghan. a native of County
u-.il, Ireland, aged 45 years.
CTTYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
,-r-u' ■ 20 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, John Callaghan, Llvermore,
thence to St. Michael's Church, where a sol-
emn rt-quiem mans will be celebrated for
th«- rewse of his soul, commencing at 9
o'cli k. Interment St. Michael's Cemetery,
Llvermore.
CONNELLY —At Yountville, Napa County.
<~"al., September 2, I^-?, Timothy Connelly, a
native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
(n7"rhe funeral will take place this day
at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
>ra of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
th'-n-e to St. Mary's Cathedral, where sen-
will be held for the repose of his soul.
Interment Mount <' a i V ary Cemetery-
-;,ER- In this oity, September 4, 1199,
V.'alter beloved son of Daniel and Delia Pess-
ler, and grandchild of I^ouis and Man' Cuneo.
t.ive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
26 days.
([^■Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ W^dne^day) at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 611 Greenwich Btreet. Interment Holy
Croat Cemetery.
PIFEB- In this city, September 4. 1539, Alfred,
beloved eon of Joseph and Mary Flfer, and
brother of .loe^ph and Raymond Fifer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 years and %
days.
GILKILLAN-In this city, September 3, IM9,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late John F.
Gllftllan and mother of Archibald and James
C. Gilflllan, a native of Scotland, aged 64
years.
(r^FHends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, California street, acar
Fillmore. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HEUER— In this city, September 2. 1593, George
A. beloved husband of Frieda, father of
Ethel and William Hatter, son of William
and Augusta Heuer and brother of Helnrlch.
Theodor and Julius H-.-uer, a native of
Bremervoerde, Hanover, uermany, ased 3G
years and 8 months. A member of Han-
noverlan Vereln and Schiller Stamm No. 278,
• U. O. R. M.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from hl« late resi-
dence 929 York street, between Twenty-first
and Twenty-second, thence to Turn Verein
Hall. 321 Turk «trivt. where the funeral serv-
ice* will be held under the auspices of the
Red Men's Schuetzen Club at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HIKES— In this city, September 2. 1?!<9, Wil-
liam H. Himes. beloved father of P. R.
Hlmef. a native of lowa, aged 55 years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
lYiriv 2*25 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
1 HUNTER— In Ocean View, September 3, 1899.
1 John beloved husband of Charlotte Hunter.
and ' father of Francis. Qarvalse. Ed-
ward Charles, John H.. Robert, William.
Mrs ' 'l. A. Hale. Mrs. T. -J. Johnston, Mrs.
p Parisen and the late Schuyler Hunter, a
native Of New York City, aged 77 years 6
months and 2 days.
Mt ! " 'XAl.I' - Ii- this city, September 4, 1899,
Kitty dearly beloved wife of Freeman H.
Mac Donald. and daughter of Frank S. and
Kate Parks, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 5 months and 2 day.-.
PATTERSON— In this city, September 2, 1899,
Robert beloved husband Of Margaret Patter-
son, aged SO years 4 months and 24 days.
REESE— this city. September 4. 1199, Mary
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mark and
Nellie Reese, and granddaughter of Henry
and the late Margaret Carfoot, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and IS
days.
SCOTT— In this city. September 3. 18!>9. Martha
E.. beloved wife of Walter Scott, a native of
Maryland, aged 41 years.
mTKriPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Bethel m.
E Church, Powell street, between Jackson
arid Pacific Interment Laurel mil Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California on-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post. "
BEEOERS— IB this city, September 4, 1893.
p.ona, beloved wife of John F. S.t-p"rs, and
mother of Evelyn Dorothea S»-fgfrs. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years S months
and 4 days.
£7FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
termt-nt I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STRATHER— this city, September 4, 1899,
Kate 8., beloved wife of Abraham Strather.
:ind mother Of Charlie, Stella and Robbie
Strather. a native of Missouri, aged 39 years.
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan 4 Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth bt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
WRIGHT— In thi9 city, September 4, 1839, Lucy
A. Wright, beloved mother of A. G. and New-
ton Wright and Mrs. M. A. Williams, a na-
tive cf Fall River, Mass., aged 6S years 10
months and 3 days. (Fall River, Mass., pa-
pers please copy. )
[CTFrienfl-i are respectfully invited tn at-
tend the funeral to-mnrrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, fr.'m the parlors cf McAvoy &, Co.,
1235 Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
O Scheman, USA , O W Fowle, Cal
W M Walsh, Auburn Mrs. M E Mumford
J D Hardin. 8 Lak"e \ Sacto
R T Crowell. Carson C W Wlckersham, Nev
A W Lee, Carson I W Maguire, Cal
E B Powers. You Bet E M Carr. Pinole
R Richardson. You Bet C X Cadmann, Pinole
A Cohn & w, Cal W H Whyback & w,
O W Stephens & w, Cal
ral Mrs D G Bacon. Cal
M T Dillon. Cal Mrs C S Bigelow, Bost
O P Navert, Cal H Henderson & w,
L Wischart. Stanford Los Ang
H G Herbel, St Louis O M Thumler &w, Cal
Mrs W G Moore, Cal J G Lovern. Cal
v" Moore Cal F H Howard, Boston
Q W Hi-bling. Ohio C H Sayre, Fresno
C H Chare Ohio J F Burkhardt. Alapka
Mrs E T Beatie, Utah L W Frahl. Spokane
T V Halsey. S Jose O John, Seattle
A R Derge & fam, E M Whtnney. Cal
Salt Lake M M Petty. Cal
J Treckow, Cal J W Prince & w, Cal
E T Hawley, I' S V EH Ward 4 w, Cal
P P Pratt & w, S Lake E Games & w, Cal
C W Wickersham, Nev J Hutchinson & w,
R H Tschady, Idaho Idaho
T B Bassett. Cal MiM M Hutchlns>on,
T W Moore Stockton Idaho
F Wilkins. Cal W W Whitney, Pa-to
C E Gray. N V W W B»->r'3en & \v. Cal
W W Rohrer. Fresno iT J Murphy, Needles
M Lacy Hanf ord Mrs P Strons, 1 >>-:iver
P Hunfz^ch, Fresno Mrs E A McClellan,
Miss C F Smith, Neb Denver
J C Tyrell. Cal Mies M S McClellan,
Mrs MZimmer, Seattle I "?nv»r
Miss 1. Zlmmer, Beattl F M Hlagle, Alton
C W Ames, U S S T W Gihsnn. Iv>s Ang
Hancock J A Ostrom. "al
J B Mountair, Seattle W G Day. Cal
W Mussen, lowa City E L Hillis, Seattle
M L Corey. Ind E Nathan, Cal
P Knapper & dau, C L Batcheller, L A
Seattle A A Thayer, Colusa
E H Cassels. Wls S Patterson, Cal
R H F.rd, Wlb W R Patterson, Cal
W M Thompson, Wash J B Peart, w & fam,
H Simons, lowa Cal
Miss D Tibhltts. Cal ; R M Corwin. D C
Lieut C V Otto. Cal J Miller. Geysers
Lieut G P Smith. Cal J Craig, Highland
Enßign McLaughlln. C F Oilger, Cal
Cal C Woltzen, Pt Reyes
Ensign F Foley, Cal ; G W Alexander & w,
X Stahlgreen, Cal Cal
W W (>r«-utt. Cal A < >sier, N V
W H Adams, «'al L H Young, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Wr>ods, San Jnse IG Gait. Canada
H McMenomy, T* S A Mrs Shoonberger, Can
H A Sevenp. USA iMlps Curso, Canada
A G Thies, Stanford Mifse? Fnte. Canada
H Q Harrington, F M Rites. Scotland
Queensland A Wallace, Scotland
Hiss Hansel, Ohio iH O Ralston, Srotland
Mrs G A Lung, Md N Bljur, New Y. rk
n Slegcl. Salt I^ake Mrs N Bijur. N V
Mrs S Slegel, Salt LakeH Bijur. New York
W M i'lrkln. Stanford \V T Lawsnn. N V
H i p Parkin, Btanford H c names. Cal
/ \V Ashtun, Stanf"M Mrs H C Harne«. Cal
C W Clapp, Stanford ,\V P Hammon, Oroville
J P Adair, Chicago |T Smalley, Chicago
T Werner. New York J G Enright, San Jose
H N Mayo & f. Utah O X Norton. SS Radger
J L Bunce. Hanford ,G A Zleyler, SS Badger
Mrs S G Evans. NY I Biesinger. Portland
V 8 Houston. US N J H Thomas, Gwin
M de Vries. Stockton Mine
Mrs C X Wise. St.x-ktn F F Tnr.mas. Gwln
H X Gregory. L Ang F F Thomas Jr. Gwln
II F Bennett, Chicago E O Puterbaugh. S Dgo
J A Fairohild. L Ang E T Barnum. N V
E Spicer, England Mr? lkrnum, N V
JecsTe Evan. England F Mah^ndeau, N V
Helen Spicer. England |M Weinrlch, Oxnard
C E Trout. L Angeles O W Bush, Stanford
Mrs C E Trout. L Ang F H Dakin. U B M C
T Puls<>n, Portland E L Carkin. Stanford
J L Herzog. New York J D Macfarland. Nfbr
Mr & Mrs BoawelL Can Mrs Macfarland, Nebr
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P J Miirtha. Sa^to IJ A Daly,' San Jose
A G Arnold, San Jose E Johnson, Fresno
Mrs Mallory Rd Bluff J Brophy, Los Ang
G Puls. Red Bluff H Tullener. N V
H Shields, Oakdale |L C Brown. Chicago
(i Frank. Marysvtlle C H Cameron, S Diego
J B Thompson & w.Ga G W Allen & w, Selma
Capt Smith. NY ,G T Rohn, Illlnoig
C Sterling. Idaho A McDevitt, Calistoga
r. J Holtsol, Uklah H D Solomon, Modesto
E Smith, River-fide
OWNERSHIP OF THF
TENT IS IN DISPUTE
NEVILLE & CO. CLAIM THEY DID
NOT SELL IT.
Citizens' Committee Insists That It
Purchased It and Proposes
to Keep It.
Considerable work la still ahead of the
citizens' executive committee, and it will
likely take several days before It will be
ready to make a final report In connection
with the reception to the California vol
unteers. The committee met yesterday in
the office of Mayor Phelan. A. M. Law
rence was the only member who was not
present.
The startling information was conveyed
that the tent at Union square was not the
property of the committee, and that the
$250 charged for it by Neville & Co. was
for rental only. Secretary McPike, who
made the original bargain, Insisted that it
was his understanding that the canvas
house had been purchased for the figure
named, and that he had never heard any
thing about a renting proposition. The
representative of Neville & Co. said the
idea of selling the tent for $250 was ridic
ulous, as the material in it alone cost
more than that, leaving the labor out of
the question entirely. It was decided to
have the tent experted to arrive at its
exa'^t value. Tn the meantime Xeville's
bill wiw "hung up."
The report ot the finance committee was
read, and upon motion of YV. J. Martin
a. vote of thanks was extended to its
chairman, M. H. de Young, for the able
manner In which he- handled that end of
the celebration work. The committee's
expenses amount to about $6f>o, which is
less than one per cent of the amount col
lected from the citizens.
It was decided to entertain no further
propositions for continuing the Market
street illumination, and the electric lights
were ordered removed.
There is a little misunderstanding be
tween the committee and the Native Sons
over the bills incurred for the big night
parade. Marshal Plstolesi advised the
committee that it would be expected to
make good all shortages, and hinted, that
the amount would not b>> an inconsid
erable Bum. Mr. ne Young waxed warm
over the suggestion.
"We told them before they undertook
this thing to let us know what they want
ed," he said; "that if it was reasonable
we would allow it, but that we would
stand good for nothing that we did nut
authorize. We have done our part, and
fr> m the way in which I look at it we
are through with them."
It developed that the Natives were try
ing to get the committee to pay for their
clerk hire, printing and numerous other
things that were not on the programme.
Marshal Pistolesl was invited to meet the
committee this morning and argue the
matter.
Some of the volunteers complained that
their pay wa« be-in g withheld under In
structions of Colonel Duboce. who ad
vised them that they could live off
their relatives and friends until they w-re
mustered out, when they would receive
their money. The committee addressed
a letter to the colonel requesting him to
relieve the financial distress of the sol
diers.
CANTONESE CLASS.
Dr. Gardner Has Resumed His Lect-
ures at the Mark Hopkins
Institute.
The pupils attending the Cantonese
course of studies given in Mark Hop
kins Institute on California street as one
of the regulur university extension
courses rallied last night in goodly num
bers at the rust lecture since the vaca
tion. The hours are from 7 to S:3O three
evenings a week, Monday, Wednesday
and Friday. For the accommodation of
rtw members a complete review will be
given of the lectures hitherto delivered.
These lectures cover both the spoken and
written forms of the language used by
the Chines'- in South China, the United
States, Canada, Australia. Honolulu and
the Philippine Islands.
The lectures are op> :n to the public, and
all who desire to secure a good working
vocabulary for commerical or other pur
poses may attain their object in the com
paratively short period of a year or two
free of cnargß by attending the class.
Another View of the Matter.
"I firmly believe," she said, "that
woman Should have the right to propose."
"Of course if woman proposes," he re
plied, "she would «?tvr- an engagement rinf?
and other presenifl instead of receiving:
them" . „
"On second tnoußnt. she answerd,
"perhaps it would be better not to change
existing conditions."— Chicago Post.
CHIEF GUNNER'S
MATE DELAHIDE
NEARLY KILLED
Cleaning Revolvers on
the lowa.
ONE OF THEM DISCHARGED
MORE VESSELS FOB TRANS
PORTS ARE CHARTERED.
"Tommy"' Crowley Arrested for Petty
Larceny — A New Steamer for
the Coast Trade — The
Raft Spoken.
Th<?re was r.parly a fatality In the ar
mory of the battleship lowa yesterday.
The accidental discharge of a large Colt
revolver nearly killed Chief Gunner's Mate
J. Delahide and for a time it was* looked
upon aboard the warship as an attempt
at suit ide. An investigation, however,
■bowed the affair to be purely accidental, i
It is the duty of Delahide, assisted by >
Gunners Mate N. Burke, to overhaul i
every gun in the lowa's armory every j
morning. Yesterday the work was r.early ■
completed and Burke went outside, leav- |
ing Delahide looking over a Colt revol
ver. Suddenly there was a report find the
chief gunner staggered out of the ar
mory, bleeding 1 from a wound in the neck,
ami asked to be taken to the sickbay. The
ship's surgeon was soon in attendance
and pronounced Delahide's wound as not
serious. He had been looking into the
muzzle of the revolver to see if it was
clean, when he touched the trigger and it
went off. The bullet went through the
musclr-s of his n^rk, inflicting a painful
but not serious wound.
Delahide was the highest non-commis
sioned officer in one of the 8-inch turrets
on the lowa during the destruction of Cer
vera's fleet. He had just received tele
graphic news of his promotion to the poßi
tion of boatswain, so the wound in his
neck throws a damper on his joy.
The steamer Taroma arrived from Pu
get Sound yesterday and has been added
to the list of transports. She is an old
vessel, having been launched in ISTO, but
she is still a good stout ship, and her ap- j
pearance coming into port is a credit to
Captain Dixon and his crew. The Tacoma
was here years ago as the Batavia ami
In connection with the Parthia (now the
Victoria) ran under the Canadian Pacific
flag. Captain John Bermingham, l-nlted j
States Supervising Inspector of Steam
Vessels, was down to see the Tacoma yes- i
terday. He was a passenger on her i
twenty-nine years apo, when she made
her maiden voyage. The ship has been re- |
modeled in her interior works almost out
of his recollection, but still there were
many points that were the same as when
the vessel was launched.
The Government has chartered two
more steamers to carry troops to Manila.
The Olympia, formerly the British steam
er Dunbar Castle, will come here from
Seattle and the City of Rio de Janeiro
will be turned over just as soon as she
arrives here from the Orient.
There was no work done on the trans
port Centennial yesterday. All the car
penters demanded double pay on account
of its being a legal holiday and when it
was refused them they packed up their
tools and went home. The men on the
Grant and Sherman worked all day. but
they received the regular holiday wages. ;
"Tommy" Crowley, the boatman, is in
a peck of trouble and all through no
fault of his uwn. Yesterday he was ar
rested on a warrant charging him with
petty larceny and lucked up in the Har
bor Police Station. The necessary bail :
was soon forthcoming, however, and he
was released. The trouble dates back to
the arrival of the Shrrman with the Cal
ifornia boys. On that occasion the Na
tive Sons "chartered the T. C. Walker,
but' L. C. Pistoles! and I* A Morgen
stern were not on hand at sailing time,
80 the steamer sailpd without them. They
then went to Vallejo street wharf and
chartered the gasoline launch Jennie C.
from Crowley. All went well until the
: party was in midstream, when the launch
broke down. After much hard work the
Jennie C was got back to the wharf and
' Pistolest and Morgensturn were put
ashore. The two Native Sona now as
sert that ten minutes after they wore
landed Crowley was carrying passengers
out to see the Sherman come in at nt'ty
cents a head. They demanded their $10
back and Crowley refused to give it up.
Hence the petty larceny charge.
A new coasting steamer to bo called the
Santa Ana is being built at Coos Bay for
A. W. Beadle & Co. She will be 191 feet
long, 37 feet broad and 12 feet 6 inches
deep and will be launched about Novem
ber 1. The Santa Ana will be fitted with
all the latest improvements and is ex
pected to make about twelve knots an
hour. She will carry 756,000 feet of lum
ber and will have first-class passenger
accommodations.
The collier Czarina and the log raft
were sighted again last Sunday. Captain
Gage of the Walla Walla Bays that at 8 !
I a. m. on September 3 he saw the Czarina
and her tow off Rogue River. This was
| in latitude 44 degrees, 26 minutes north,
' longitude 124 degrees 35 minutes west,
! so that she has made 120 miles since be
i ing spoken by the Orizaba on September
! 1. It was blowing fresh from thesoutheast
1 when the Walla Walla spoke the Czarina
I and Captain Gage says sne was not mak
j ing more than three knots an hour.
The Cruiser Newark went to the navy
yard yesterday. Passing the lowa a
thirteen gun saint-- was fired in
honor of Rear Admiral Kautz. The bat
tlephip answered with seven guns, a com
j manding. officer's salute.
INTERIOR MERCHANTS
ARE COMING TO TOWN
Recently the business men of San Fran
-1 Cisco organized the Manufacturers' and
[ Wholesalers' League for the purpose of
■ inducing merchants of this and surround
in^ States to make their purchases here
i instead of sending their orders to the
East. For years past the tide of trade has
turned to the jobbers and producers of
1 the ra.stern part of the United States, the
! Western manufacturer being entirely ig
j nored. This was not because of the goods
<>f the latter being inferior, but because
\ of certain opportunities that the Eastern
I men have which the Western men have
; not.
For exajnple. a large number of the
I towns of the West exercise a right be
stowed by the Legislature to impns.- a
special tax upon drummers. Several
: times this was attempted in the cases of
drummers from Eastern houses, but
failed because the courts held that the
Kustern drummers are protected fr.mi
such tax by the interstate commerce law.
The courts, however, afforded no protec
; tion for the representatives of business
' houses of this State. Again, the railroads
I have discriminated in favor of the East
ern houses in order to get long hauls of
' the freight ordered by the country mer
: chants.
When the league came into existence
the proposition was to have the members
' stand a considerable part of the expense
! of bringing the country merchants Into
! town and showing the goods without the
1 intervention of drummers. The main in
• ducement w;ts that all who accept the
! league's offer are assured half rates on
; the railroads and reduced prices for
board and amusement while here. The
visitors are expected to purchase their
; stocks of goods here in return for the
■ concessions^
Several excursions have been arrangea
; to bring to town merchants from the
entire coast. The first of these excur
sions began to arrive yesterday and all
day the clerk at the rooms of the City
Board Oi Tfade, where the visitors are
expected to register, was kept busy. Of
the 120 buyers expected from Idaho, Mon
' tana, Utah. Nevada and Arizona about
. fifty arrived during the day. and indica
tions are that the full complement will
: take advantage of the generous offer.
Many of the merchants are accompanied
by their families. It is believed that the
purchases will amount to many thousand
dollars— enough to warrant the enterprise
I of the league.
The other excursions will start from El
| Paso, Tex., on the 9th; from Lompoc,
; Cal., on the 23d, and Portland, Or., on
1 the 16th.
GUN FIRED BY
TELEGRAPH AT
MECHANICS' FAIR
Wireless System in a
New Marvel.
SUCCESS OF THE EXPERIMENT
THRONGS AT THE EXPOSITION
LAST NIGHT.
Exhibitors Have Placed Their Dis
plays — Unique Features of In
terest — Elaborate Musical
Programmes.
The second day and night of the ex
| position of the Mechanics' Institute drew
far greater and more enthusia
than was expected for so early in the life
of the fair. Exhibitors are quickly tm
pleting their displays, and last night
everything was practically in place. The
\ opinion is unanimous that this year's fair
is artistically the most beautiful ever giv
en in the history of the Institute. The ex
hibits—industrial, mechaniral and manu
facturing—are conceded to be the best
! shown in years, and the competition
I shown will make the task of the commit
| tee of awarda a difficult one.
In entertainment the management has
' provided an interesting feature for every
| afternoon and night. The special one
: given last nigtit oxcited an interested
j throng and gave to many a physical cx
i hibition of tne meaning uf The ('all's tri
| umph In heralding toe coming of the
! Sherman by wireless telegraphy. In the
', booth of A. Vander Naillen a gun was
! fired by wireless telegraphy. Owing to
I restrictions of space it was difttcuk fr>r
I the spectators to realize that the marve!
' which they saw performed through a few
| feet of space had been performed by The
Call under greater difficulties through a
space of several miles.
But the experiment last night was a
revelation of one of the latest of physical
miracles. It illustrated one of the new
I horrors of modern warfare, which makes
possible the explosion of missiles far from
the scene of operation. In the booth on
■ the north side of the pavilion the trans
: mitting and receiving apparatus and a
; miniature cannon, loadea with powder,
were placed.
The instruments in every respect were
' such as used by The Call. The distance
between the receiving and transmitting
Instruments was about forty feet. The
cannon ». as connected through coils and
relays with the receiving instrument.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the announce
i ment of the experiment was made
, from the bandstand and a great crowd
rushed toward the Vander Naillen booth.
At a signal the operator at the trans
mitting apparatus began to click the ra
! strument. An answering click was heard
from the receiving instrument forty feet
away. A series of sparks shot from the
I wire suspended over the touch-hole of
! the gun. There was a flash ami an explo
sion, and the gun had been fired. L.
Vander Naillen, the experimenter, says
that he has performed a similar feat with
equal success through a distance of three
j miles.
After the feat the crowd thronged the
aisles again to listen to the music and
watch the displays. Many sought the vil
lage of the Filipinos and saw a creditable
and certainly odd gymnastic display.
The little black men might show a trine
more energy in completing their village,
but they seem not to have recovered yet
from the listlessness of their Southern
i homes.
Two exceptionally good programmes of
, muaic will be rendered this afternoon and
night by Bennett's Concert Band. The
programme for this afternoon is as fol
lows: First part— March, '"Old Home
; stead," Seltzer: overture, "Precioso."
: Weber; morceau. "Golden Blonde." Eilen
berg; solo for barytone, John Hobbs; se
lection. "Huguenots." Meyerbeer. Second
part— Scenes from "Faust." Gounod; solo
for cornet, Miss Alice Raymond; patrol,
"Commercial Traveler," Reeves; waltz
"Sweethearts," D' Albert; collection of
, popular songs. Witmark.
The evening musical programme will be
as follows.
"El Capitan' ' Soiißa
Overture. "William Tell" Rogsini
Idyl. "Evening Bells" Ellenberg
Selections, "Army Chaplain" Millo*cker
Waltz. "Artists Life" Strauss
Selection "Rlgoletio" \erdi
; Cornet solo "•••
Miss Alice Raymond.
Intermission.
i (a) "Traumerei," (b) jcavott* Schumann
H. J. Stewart.
: Selection. "Robin Hood" De Koven
Grand march, "Tannhauser" Wagner
CHURCH FOLKS HAVE
A PLEASANT OUTING
ST. PETER'S PARISHIONERS AT
SHELL MOUND.
The friends, well-wishers and parish
ioners of St. Peter's church. Twenty
fourth and Alabama streets, enjoyed a
delightful outing at Shell Mound park
yesterday, thereby beneilting the church
to the amount of $1000.
It was an ideal day and the picnickers
enjoyed themselves thorouKhly. Rev.
Fatiier Casey, pastor of the church, and
his assistant, Father Lyons, mingled
with the merry throng and were among
the leaders in all the delights of the day.
Many other well-known clergymen also
joined in the festivities, among whom
were Father McDonald of St. Charles,
R«?v. Father Morrison, D. D., of Oakland,
and Father Grant.
Besides the usual picnic games a cake
walk by Fred Burgess and Fannie Rous-
Beau was much enjoyed.
Three committees had charge of the
pleasant affair and the unqualified suc
(ess of the picnic is all owing to their
efforts.
On the reception committee were: D.
F Keefe. T. Slavin, P. J. Curtis, L. Cull,
Thomas R. Curtis, J^>hn Grace, Frank Mc-
Aieer, Ttarry Pinkham.
In charge of the games were: P. J.
Tormey, George Burgees, James Burke,
Thomas Butterworth. Brother Krminold
and Brother Phelan.
The committee on prizes consisted of:
L. C. Cull. Daniel Wrenn. Salvo Brinoartt.
John Wagner, Thomas O'Rourke.
Harry Pinkham and John Welch
formed the floor committee and John
Kenny was the judg" of the jig and reel
contest, awarding the first prize to Ed
ward Barry and the second prize to John
Murphy.
A charming innovation was the introduc
tion of a Mission belle. Miss Jewel Kene
flek, wno officiated as door keeper. Many
of the parishioners esteemed it such a
pleasure to have the charming lady
gather up their pasteboards that they
passed the doors many times. As no re
turn checks were issued the constant go
ing and coming helped swell the fund
considerably.
!Afl Instrument of Torture
o
"♦" -it ITLBW si »m i n .j r n—^i_ Is ■■ Truss made on the plan as
9 J^^* ! ***^^'*'^™'** :^M&?<^ shown, with a heavy steel or iron
o r jf*& \ band, as you know if you ' havo
4. I aafSg. m been in the habit of wearing one.
o i <wv,tjs*^ Wen^Jf Throw it away! Why will you
4- V -jL*^hii*7 continue wearing such an instru-
O V /S^^wj:^ J i ment of torture, when we can fur-
♦■ &'%^iSt}Si&y nish you a most efficient truss—
? ■r"T?rf : * a^ ELASTlC— without any Iron
X CBa * 9^ N "C fflr hoops or steel springs about it.
+ and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and
p DAT? As for CURES. DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC ELA6-
-- TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC
O TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever invented. Electricity
4- is the only thing that will CURE rapture, and when Dr. Pierces Truss
4- cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c in stamps for our "Book No. 1,"
0 or call at office. Address: " \
I MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY
© 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Frane^eo.
*o+o+ o+o+ o+o+ o-f ©+O+O+O+ O ♦ 4-O+ O*o+o+o+o+o+o4-o+O4:o**rf
ADMISSION DAY
OFFICERS CHOSEN
David Martin Will Be
Chief Aid.
ACCOMMODATIONS ARE AMPLE
ROOMS SECURED FOR ALL THE
VISITORS.
Nati-re Daughters Are Taking an
Active Part in the Prepara
tions for the Cele-
bration.
SANTA CRVZ. Sept. 4.-The executive
committee of the Native Sons on account
of the immense amount of work connect
ed with the Admission day celebration
has decided to hold meetings every night
this week.
Karl Kratzensu-in. chairman of the ac
commodation committee, has a vast
amount of work on hand. By every mall
he receives letters from persons wishing
accommodations during the celebration.
Rooms ha\e been engaged at all the pri
vate houses in this city and there need
be no fear of a. lack of accommodations.
The committee haß opened headquarters
in the Native Sons of the Golden West
clubrooau with Joseph Bernheim la
charge.
The town has been districted and dur
ing the celebration eight boys wiU always
be present to direct the visitors to their
abiding places.
The Native Daughters are always
thoughtful, and they intend to keep the
Native Sons of the Golden West Hall
open all day Sunday, so the visiting
daughters may drop in and rest, read or
writ'? letters. In the evening they have
planned for a sacred concert, and will
have some of the best of talent In tha
way of music.
The Native Daughters are taking a very
active part in the celebration this year.
The local parlor is to assist the Sons In
receiving. It will also have a barge on,
the ,-iver at the Venetian water carnival,
and will - rt In the grand ball on Sat
urday night, and will furnish the queen
and "maids of honor for the carnival.
Five parlors of Native Daughters will
take part in the Admission day parade —
Vendome and San Jose parlors of San
Jose, Piedmont Parlor of Oakland, and
Santa t'ruz and Las Lomas parlors of San
Francisco.
Grand Marshal Besse has selected Da
vid C. .Martin of Stanford Parlor of San,
Francisco as chief aid for the parade, and
William C. Haffmann of this city as chief
of staff.
He has planned the route of the proce»
sion, which will be uown Pacific avenue
to the foot, and countermarch and be re
viewed by the grand marshal and his aids
at t-he Lower Plaza.
Th?re will be seven bands of music and
a number of drum corps in the narade.
The band from Hesperian Parlor is made
up entirely of members of that, parlor.
Tne drum major of this band is the drum
major of the First California Volunteers,
who has just returned from Manila.
The Pioneers have been invited to par
ticipate in the parade and have accepted
the invitation and will be given the honor
of being placed in the first division.
In the first division will be Hastings*
band the Naval Militia, Santa Cruz Par
lor No 90, Native Sons of the Golden
West; Santa Cruz Parlor No. 28. Native
Daughters uf the Golden West; the grand
officers of the Native Sons of the Golden
\\ eat in carriages and the Pioneers in
carriages.
At last reports about forty parlors nad
signified their intention to take part in
the parade and every day the report* of
the number coming are larger and tn»
parade promises to be a monster one.
Ralph Miller, who has charge of tn»
mussel bako, which will be held on Mon
day at the beach, haß contracted with
twelve Japanese, who will gather the
juicy bivalves at Monterey. There will b«
mussels ana liquids that go with them for
everybody.
The lovers of sport will have an op
portunity of witnessing league baseball
games. Arrangements have been made
For league games on Friday, Saturday,
Sunday and Monday during the celebra-
Willls M. Brown, George F. Phelps and
F. J. Silvey of the Nationals of San Fran
cisco are here making arrangements for
the celebration. They promise to have a
big turnout. _
J. N. Fogarty, Ben F. Woolman and J? x
\ Lash claim that Athens Parlor No. 190
of Oakland will be one of the swellest ap
pearing parlors in the parade. The mem
bers will wear white duck coats and
trousers blue vestlets. white duck shoes,
white shirts and standing collars and
white duck golf caps. They will carry
white parasols with poppy colored stream
ers and wear a poppy colored badge prop
erly inscribed.
The turnout on the arrival of the dele
gates on Friday night promises to be a
brilliant one and the reception will ba
"rhe dam at I^agunita de Carnivale is
completed and the San Lorenzo is trans
formed into a lake.
The plans for the queen s barge have
been submitted and accepted. It will stand
fifteen feet above water and be surmount
ed by a canopy of red, white and blue
outlined with fifty incandescent lights.
The day's balloting for queen resulted
as follows: May Baldwin 767, Anna Lins
cott iOl, Rose Plitzer 225. Mrs. J. R. Wil
liamson 134, Florence Peck 125, Daisy.
Longley 304.
ITINERANTS' CLUB.
Session Closes With the Election of
Officers.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 4.— One of the
most successful sessions ever held by tha
Itinerants' Club of the California confer
ence terminated in this city to-night. Of
ricers for the ensuing year were elected a*
follows:
President Leslie M. Burwell of Palo
/Uto; vice president, C. E. Winning of
Fort Jones; secretary and treasurer. H.
I \Vin«or of Nevada; executive commit
tee—E. M. Hill, T. A. Atkinson, H. EC
Milnes. .
Forty ni-'-w members have been enrolled
on the club's hooks during this session.
The iew officers are all from among the
younger members of the organization and
their election marks the beginning of a
new line of work to be carried on by th«
club. .
Looking for a Swindler.
STOCKTON, Sept. 4.— Sheriff Sibley of
San Joaquin County is looking for Hor
ace G. Winder of Fresno, who tried to
bunko Attorney H. R. McNoble of thia
city out of $SOO and succeeded in getting
J9mj from Nicol. Orr & Nutter, attorney*,
by means of a forged draft.
Dawes Resumes Work.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 4.— Mr. Dawes,
the Comptroller of the Currency, reached
Washington m-day after a month's va^
cation in the West.
1112
WORKINGMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO
FITTINGLY CELEBRATE LABOR DAY
Big Crowd Throngs
Glen Park to Par
ticipate in the Holi
day Festivities.
Speech making, Out -of -
Door Games, Music and
Dancing Contribute to
the Entertainment of
the Pleasure - Loving
Picnickers.
YESTERDAY was Labor day and
Ban Francisco's wheels of industry
: tlcally idle for a brief
twenty-four hours while the men
abor is the foundation of her
• ok their families out to
Glen Park, snugly bidden away In the
i aek of the city, to enjoy themselves
■,m way. Jt was Uie one day In
■ that they could claim ;is their
. : they made the moat of it.
The celebration, which was arrange!
■ I
and the Building Traded
• . . - . . was just
• aa the occasion demanded, and, as
give the affair it? full approl
m< out warm and smiling',
-: ; .. tanks of haze and
city during
:■ . morning h iura and for a while
. .i to put a damper 0:1 the merry
making. Of a necessity some were unable
: the gift of a holiday made legal
by statutory enactment because of. the
ire of their business, but they were
pared with the great army
Itcrs who arose with the sun to
rations for the outing
irhich they bad been looking forward
In pleasurable anticipation for months
past.
itself enjoyed a late nap In
r if the occasion. The customary
% : the factory whistles calling the
to their day's toil was not
: Us U Li are wont to
sound & warning to the tardy laborers at
. ■ silent. In the City
Hall, :n the banks, in the courts, and in
all Institui Bemi-public
usual hordes of clerks and
iala «<■!■•- absent Downtown the
. turmoil of business was Buffering
,1 >• case oi 1 old fee_t. Some of
- in the retail district kepi their
tiring a portion of the day,
in m< Bt instances the proprietors gave
i< rks a half holiday or closed alto
gether.
The exodus from the city began long
• noon hour and for hours th*
on the San Francisco and
Street Railway line were taxed
: . their capacity. The families
of the workers swarmed out to the park
Uke locusts, all anxious to see everything
ided in the celebration and
ed not to take any chances of miss
-1 Blngle event It was a joliy crowd
j par!' and humor; men and
■11, boys and girls, old and young, all
■ on having a good time.
event of the greatest interest was
• ■ r the silver loving cup do
; by the Mayor to be awarded to the
n n.aking the most attractive display
on parade. Some of the contestants
marched to the cars in a body with ban
ners flying and attracted a great deal of
Qtion all along the route. By noon
a were over a thousand people in the
■ park, not counting the myriads of
little folks who were having all kinds of
with the bear and monkeys and the
dwarf like donkeys. The latter had a
hard day of It, but if they felt like klck
they refrained and kept their griev
ea <-• themselves. The swings, climb
• ring boards, etc.. also came
• of att< ntion, the older
folks participating freely in the Juvenile
nd sports. Th. committeemen,
their gorgeous badges of authority,
tlvr and thither shouting direc
lir.i.s and gathering the participants In the
: . ■ sts together fur the
t-sts of sir' r.gtii. agility and endurance,
but during all the excitement then was
est disturbance to mar the
afternoon w;-s taken up
fly with open-air exercises, but after
.uall the big theater was the scone of
ety. The older people, that is, all
.s,-h to dance, put In the
time until midnight tripping the light fan
-1 tiij'Ui-. whll< the rising generation capered
round a huge bonfire In the
open which hafi been kindled 'or their es
].■ 1 !al benefit.
Dijeau's band of twenty-five pieces gave
a concert In the bandstand on the ehil
s playground during the afternoon,
and in th.? evening furnished the music
for the dancing.
The celebration began with the parad
contest. The conditions were that each
union must march In review before the
trying its banner and the Amer
ilag. In making the award, it was
announced that the judges would take
into consideration the number of men
r< pr< s. ■nting each union In the contest In
comparison with the membership of that
a, the marching Of the mt n and their
ral appearance. The parade presented
;icle.
Typographical I'nion No. 21 turned out
100 strong and made a splendid appc-ar
uitii its handsome .ilk banner *nd
Hag. The < "arpenters" and Joiners' Union
N- . 22. with 101 men in line, also made
a fine showing, but the prize was aw rded
the Cement Workers' Union, which
came to tht front sixty-eight strong,
which, however, was a remarkable feat
.considering the fact that this is a com
paratively new union, a fact that was
taken note of by the judges and had
largely to do with their decision. The
Other contestants included the Carpen
ters' Union No. 4K',, represented by forty
one men; Metal Roofers' Union, sixteen
nvn; Sailors' Union, with thirty-seven,
and the Lathers' Union No. 95, with eight
m< a. All made a very creditable show
ing and wore applauded all along- the line
But the decision of tho judges was well
received and pronouncM eminently Just
President McCarthy, in announcing the
decision, informed the winners that ac
:ng to the conditions attached to the
f mist, the cup must be won three COn
itivi years before it became th«- prop
erty of the union holding it, and he
warned the foment workers that If they
desired to hold on to the trophy they
must nn t go to sleep, buugo into training
16823 1
SOLD IN CALIFORNIA 1
THIS SEASON. |
BicyciES
I $40. I
I I i
I THOS. H. B. VARNEY, 1
S Market and 10th Sts.,S.F. B°
Open Wed. and Sat. K'-'
Evenings. , gj
ai once to netena the cup nmtt Labor day 1
The literary exercises in the theater be
gan promptly at 2 p. m., under the direc
tion o( P. ii. McCarthy, president of the
day. In a brief address of welcome Presi
dent McCarthy warmly congratulated the
great throng of worklngmen gathered
ther»- on the splendid work accomplished
in behalf of organized labor during the
past year, and dwelt in glowing terms on
the bright prospect the future h»-kl out
for the men who represent the bone and
sinew of the country and whose labor is
tne very foundation of the national pros-
Hi bri.tiy sketched the conditions
prevailing twenty years ago, when union
ism was practically in its infancy, and
compared that p<-rio,i with the present
day. showing conclusively the vast benefit
organization and intelligent co-operation
among th^ laboring classes has accom
plished, which, ho declared, furnished the
strongest possible argument in favor of
trades unions.
A. R. Andre, a member of the Brewery
Workmen's Union 1 ad a member of the
San Francisco Labor Council, delivered
the address of the day, and ills convincing
eloquence aroused great, enthusiasm. He
said:
"Labor day Is not, as la popularly
Bupposed, merely a holiday of labor.
We do not come together to celebrate
the fact that we are worklngmen and
that labor is the end of our existence,
but rather that we are banded togeth
er to better our conditions ;m-l make it
possible for as to enjoy that leisure
which is a necessary part of the civili
zation of our d;iy.
"Labor duv is a celebration of or-
ganized labor— its struggles, its vicis
situdes and its victories. And it is
only because we are organized for self
protection that we have a Labor day
at all. Otherwise we should be prob
ably making bricks without straw 365
days in the year, as In the time of
Moses. '
"Nor do we celebrate merely the tri
fling reduction of hours and increase
of wages which our organization has
brought to us. The labor movement
has a grander motive and a nobler
object than that. Let me illustrate by
a familiar example: You have all seen
the modern skyscraper in the process
-of construction. First, the laying of
the foundation by one set of busy
workers; then the rearing of the steel
skeleton by another, and finally the
completed >?diiice Is finished by other
hands and a beautiful building is the
result. v; : :
. "So it is with organized labor. The
necessity for self-protection is the
foundation of our movement. The
trades unions, labor councils and final
ly the vast national and international
federations of labor are the means by
which we protect ourselves from op
pression to-day and make progress
possible to-morrow.
"There are a great many people who
are continually telling you that or
ganized labor, or labor oragnlzations,
are prone to attempt to win their way
by violence. That is not bo. There
v us a time, years ago, when harsher
measures were deemed necessary ad
juncts to a strike, but that time is
past. It has been said that we are all
governed by public opinion, and that
I is true to a larger extent than is gen
' erally realized. And it is by showing:
the public the strength of our posi
tion and the. justice of our demands
that we hope to win their support in
our contests for fair treatment as
workingmen. We are not opposed to
trusts and corporations as such, wo
are not opposed to the introduction of
modern machinery in the manufac
ture of the products of the country,
but we demand a small share In th«
profits resulting from your labor and
my labor, from our toil and our intel
ligence.
"And this grand co-operation of the
forces of labor is the framework of a
new social order which shall give to
the producer the Just fruits of His la
bor and make possible a grander civ
ilization than the world has yet seen.
"This is the real aim and object of
labor organizations. This Is the grand •
motive that inspires our brothers in - ;
this grand cause and the celebration ■
of the progress of this world-wide
movement for betterment of the work-
Ing class and thereby the elevation of
society, is the holiday that has
brought us together to-day.
'.'There is no room for pessimism in
the labor movement. Organized labor
is yet an infant in this country. But
if we learn the lessons of to-day,
profit by the experience of the past
and bring to our work that enthusasm
that the cause merits, there is no
doubt that organized laßor will ac
complish its civilizing mission and th«
•workingman will take that place in so
ciety which he has been struggling for
through all the centuries."
P. Wellin also made a short address in
which he reiterated the assertions and
arguments made by the previous speak
ers, urging the workingmen of the city
to stand firmly together to secure the
peaceful accomplishment of their aims
and objects. Organization; he declared,
was the only means by ■which the rights
of those who labor for a livelihood could
be protected and every effort should be
made to build up, strengthen and ex
pand the unions in San Francisco and
throughout the State
At the conclusion of the speechmaklng
a short vaudeville, lasting about an hour,
was given in the theater. The programme
consisted of a song by Maud Mullery.
comedy sketches by Bob Lee and Ed
Carter and a solo by R. S. Duncan, and
Judging from the amount of applause the
audience was immensely pleased with Its
entertainers.
The out-of-door, games followed imme
diately after the in-door exercises. The
running races were of all description and
furnished no end of amusement; The
hosc-roupling contest was won by W.
Holmes and T. Jones of Engine Company
No. IS, in one minute and thirty seconds
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1899.
VARIED FEATURES OF THE LABOR DAY CELEBRATION.
W. Menter and J. Grace of Engine 19 did i
their work In the same time, but the I
Judges found some of the coupling a trifle
loose and rather than make a second trial
the latter couple agreed to accept second
place. T. O'Nell and J. Botkins of En
gine 27 were third, in one minute and
thirty-seven seconds. The judges were
H. M. Saunders and K. J. Brandon. The
winners in the other events on the pro
gramme were.
Race for girl under 10 — Emma Vil
lard won.
Race for young men— J. Botkins first, J.
Ijeary second.
Race for married men— ll. Allen first, J.
Tyrrell second.
Race for young — Jennie Johnson
first. May Sullivan second.
Race for married ladies— W. M.
Page won.
Race for fat men— Dan McDonald won.
Race for fat ladies — Mrs. Sullivan won,
Mrs. Tompkins second.
Three-legged race — Joe McCarthy and C.
Bates won. Gummow brothers second.
Egg race for ladies— Mrs. Page won,
Nellie Snyder second.
Amateur 100-yard race for Labor day
medal— J. Botkins won. .1. Gummow second.
Cross country, one-mile bicycle race-
George Wyman^won, J. Holle second.
By the time the last of the games were
decided the fog was sweeping through the
park in banks, but it was too late to in
terfere with . the sport and a rush was
made for the theater and restaurants,
where the Jolly picnickers appeased their
appetites and prepared themselves for the
fun of the evening. This part of the pro
gramme consisted of dancing, both for
pleasure and for prizes, just enough of
the latter to flavor and not enough to
spoil the former. A large number of
valuable gate prizes were distributed dur
ing the evening. Everybody had a good
time and returned to the city about mid
night tired out, but thoroughly satisfied
with their day's outing and wishing that
there were more "Labor days" in the
course of a year.
The- Labor Council is composed of del
egatefl from the following labor organiz
ations, representatives from nearly all of
which participated In the celebration:
l lakers' Union No. 41, Boilermakers'
and Iron Shipbuilders' Union, Billposters'
Protective I'nion No. 1, Brotherhood of
Bookbinders.. Cigarmakers' I'nion No.
228, Carpenters' I'nion No. liC. carpenters'
Vnion No. 453. Cement Workers' Union
of California, Greenglass and Bottleblow
ers* Union of th<- United States and c i( ti
a-ia. Ironmolib-rs' I'nion No. 164, Jour
neymen Coopers' Union, Journeymen
BABY BORNE OFF BY THE TIDE.
Frantic Mother Attempts to Leap in the Bay to
Save Her Boy Who Was Drowned
Before Her Eyes.
THE mute little form of 6-year-old Al
bert Fifer, lying on a slab in the
Morgue, tells the story of a sad acci
dent which set Butehertown hkhk yeg
trrday. The lad was drowned off the old
Kentucky street wharf in full view of his
mother and older brother, while both
were pov.erless to help him. The body
wu swept away with the tide, and was
ouly recovered at the end of a three
hours' search in which police, boatmen
ail spectators joined with a will.
The most exciting incident of the unfor
tunate a.ff;iir was the frantic effort of the
terror-stricken mother to rescue her off
spring. She would have followed the
drowning 1 lad Into the muddy waters had
net friends restrained her and led her.
heart-broken, from the scene.
Early yesterday morning Mrs. Joseph
Fifer, who resides at SIPVi York street,
took Albert and his brother, in company
with Mrs. Rofer of 1231 Rhode Island ave
nue and her child, to the old Kentucky
street wharf to enjoy a day's fishing. Al
bert was a rollicking little fellow and his
mother secured him to a pile by means
of a rope so that he would not fall over
board. In some manner the rope became
unhitched and the youngster slipped from
the edge of the timber?. His body struck
the water with a splash and soon an in
coming tide had borne it back under the
bridge and out of the reach of help. The
mother cried for assistance and became
frantic. She i-leaded to be allowed to
Horseshoers' Union No. 25, ' Ladies'
Tailors' Union. Longshore Lumber
men's Association. Milkers' Union of
California, Musicians' Mutual Protect
ive Union. Local No. 7 of the United
Brewery Workmen of the United States,
Sailors' Union of the Pacific. Ship and
Steamboat Joiners' Association,- Print-
Ing Pressmen's Union, "Web Pressmen's
Union, Stereotypers' Union. Theatrical
Stage. Employes' Union "No. 16, Typo
graphical Union No. 21 and Varnishers"
and Polishers' Union No. 1.
The following- organizations, members
of the Building Trades Council, also par
ticipated in the festivities: «
The Amalgamated Woodworkers, the
San Francisco Bricklayers' Association,
Carpenters' Union No. 453. Carpenters'
Union No. 95, Carpenters' Union No. 22,
Carpenters' Union No. 304, Cement Work
ers' Union. Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers, Marblecutters and Finishers'
Association, Stonecutters' Union, Paint
ers' Union No. 73, Varnishers' and Pol
ishers' Union.
Following is a list of the officers of the
two labor organizations, under whose
auspices the celebration was held and the
committees to whose untiring efforts the
success of the affair was due:
San Francisco , Labor Council— President
Fred .Westcott; vice president, Ed. I*.
Clapp: treasurer, Ernst Koenlg; recording
and corresponding secretary, Ed. ■ Rosen
berg: financial secretary, C. H. Parker;
sergeant at arms, M. Qulnn.
Building Trades Council— President. P. H.
McCarthy; vice president. 12. J. Brandon;
recording and corresponding secretary, W.
V M. Page; treasurer, J. K. McDougald;
financial secretary, H. Thieler; warden, H.
J. Skeen. : >.• 
Committee of arrangements — P. H. Mc-
Carthy (chairman), Ed. Rosenberg (secre
tary), Ernst - Koonlir (treasurer;. G. P.
Chlldfrs, Alexander Dijeau, P. Hannon,
W. Ryan. John P. Horpan, P. .1. Dletz, ]•:.
J. Brandon, W. MacArtlmr, G. W. Oak?
D. Doggett, Fred Wiistcott, W. 11. GufT,
M. Monahon.
Floor committee— W. Oaks (floor man
ager), Bert Carroll, Thomas Hollaran, Wil
liam Fanvell. G. Selo, Otto Schultz. James
Massey, William Bartram, John- Nugent,
William H. Clement, O. P. Chllders, Wil
liam Ryan.
Reception — Presidents of af
filiate^ unions. .;•• i
Games committee — Fred Westcott (chair
man), 1". J. !>i"t7.. J. D. Campbell. James
H. Connlff, W. Hutchlnson, William Burke.
Finance and gate committee— W. Mac-
Arthur (chairman), Alexander Dijeau,
Ernst Koenlg, P. Hannon. John P. Horr.
can, E. J. Brandon, 1). Doggett.
hurl herself into the muddy slough that
she might bring the lad back. She had to
be taken to her home.
After three hours the tide came back
and brought with It the tiny form, which
was picked up later by Boatman Henry
Bar. Deputies McCormack and Flanni
gan were summoned from the Morgue and
took charge of the body. An inquest will
be held. The lad's father Is a machinist.
DARING THIEVES
GET AWAY WITH
VALUABLE BOOTY
The Forbes Residence
Ransacked.
A WOMAN IS SUSPECTED
4
NEARLY $3000 WORTH OF GEMS
AND JEWELRY TAKEN.
Entrance Effected Through the Front
Door by Means of Skeleton Keys
During the Absence of
the Family.
A bold robbery was committed on Sat
urday evening at the home of Arthur W.
Forbes, 2123 Sacramento street, and nearly
$3000 worth of plunder was secured by the
thieves. It is the belief of Mrs. Forbes
that the burglary was the work of a
womnn, although she will not admit that
she has any direct suspicions as to the
identity of the guilty parties. From the
surrounding circumstances there can be
no question that the culprit was thor
oughly familiar with the premises.
On Saturday evening Mr. and Mrs.
Forbes went to the theater, leaving Mrs.
Forbes' mother, who is an invalid, and
her two nurses in the upper part of th<.>
; house. About 9 o'clock the attention of
i the nurses was attracted by the barking
of the housedog- downstairs, but as It
was not fin unusual thing for tho animal
to create a disturbance no investigation
was made. It is presumed that the
thieves were acquainted with the dog, for
j it suddenly stopped barking and remained
• on the lower floor while they were ran
sacking the place.
The robbery ' was not discovered until
midnight, when Mr. and Mrs. Forbes re
| turned home. Their suspicions were
i aroused by llndlng the front door wide
open. Mrs. Forbes made a hasty search
and was not long In discovering that
nearly everything in the lower part of
the house that was of any value had been
taken. Without disturbing the things that
they did not want, the burglars went
through the dressing cases in the lower
bedroom, where Mrs. Forbes kept her
valuable -gems and jewelry, and se
cured about $1000 worth of diamonds and
about $1500 worth of jewelry, including
twenty-one scarfpins belonging to Mr.
Forbes. They also went through a cab
inet of curios of Mr. Forbes', taking a
Grecian lamp of considerable value and
a number of impressions of Pompelian
eeals that had been sent to him by friends
at the time of the excavations.
From the bedroom the robbers wont to
the dining-room on the floor bel?>w. where
they took every article of silverware that
there was in the house. They even
stripped the table that had been set for
the morning meal. A large telescope bas
ket is missing, and it is presumed that
the thieves used it to carry off their
plunder.
Returning 1o the tipper floor, the bur
glars ransacked Mr. Forbes' desk and se
cured a little over $200 in cash.
Entrance was effected by means of a
skeleton key In the front door. None of
tho other entrances nor the fastening of
the windows were disturbed.
"I am ;Hire," said Mrs. Forbes yester
day, "that the thieves were thoroughly
familiar with the house, for the reason
that they went right to the places where
the valuables were kept without disturb
ing anything else. Many of my jewels
! were hidden in out-of-the-way closets,
i but they apparently located them without
any difficulty. 1 am convinced _that the
burglary was committed under the guid
ance of a woman, although I do not sus-
P«-< t any one who has been in my em
ploy."
The matter was reported to tho police,
and Detectives Gibson and Wren were
detailed on the cas<\ Part of the stolen
property ha-« been recovered, but there is
no clew to the identity of tho, thio,ves.
Mr. Forbes is the manager for <;. M.
Josselyn »fc Co., nnd his wife was form
erly well known in theatrical circles, hav
ing starred under the name of Sallle
Hinckley.
FORMAL OPENING OF
NEW YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
SPECIAL PROGRAMME IS AR-
RANGED FOR THE EVENT.
Rev. Father Prendergast, V. G., and
Mayor Phelan to Deliver Ad
dresses — Denis O'Sullivan
Will Sing.
On Thursday, both In the afternoon and
evening, the opening of fhe new Youths'
Directory will take place, during which
time the visitors will be entertained by a
highly classical programme of vocal and
instrumental music by well-known artists.
Denis O'Sullivan, the renowned bary
tone, has kindly consented to sing, out of
compliment to his father, ('. D. O'Sulli
vitii, who was one of the tirst directors
of the old directory. James K. Kelly,
will preside, and Mayor Phelan, who takes
a deep interest in the institution, will de
liver the address.
In addition to the spacious building
being thrown open, the large grounds in
the rear will be open, where the Orphan
Asylum band of San Rafael will play se
lections. The admission will In- by ticket,
which is complimentary, and can be had
at the Youth'sP Directory by applying to
Rev. D. O. Crowley. Voluntary donations
will be gladly received.
The following is the programme both for
the afternoon and evening:
Programme under the direction of Miss K.
r.yrne of Berkeley: 2 p. m.~ Address, Verj;
Rev. J, J. Prenderga.st; piano and mandolin
selections, Mrs. C. Harris and Miss C. I>augh
lin; tenor solo (selected). Robert A. Morrisey;
recitatiun, Miss Bessie Fitzgerald; bass 8010,
S. J. Sandy.
8 p. m. --Introductory remarks, James R.
Kelly: address. Hon. James D. Phelan; trio
(a) "Minuet" (Mozart), (b) "Suanee River,"
Mary Susan arid Dorothy Fasmor*; song.
"Let 'Me I-ove Thee" (Ar.liti), Miss Kate F.
Bvrno- cello solo. "Gavotte" (Poppe.ri, Doro
thy Pasmore; song. "Pie Relden Grenadlere"
(The Two Grenadiers) (Schumann), Denis
O'Sullivan: recitation, selectee. Thomas
Hkk*y ■ trio (a) "Serenade" (Schubert), (b)
"Moment Musleale." Mary. Susan and Dorothy
Pasmt>r«; son*. "I Would I-inßcr" (Gounod).
Miss Daisy R-.-ane; violin f=<>l«. "Fantasle de
Pallet" (De Beriot). Mary Pasmore: contralto
donff "The Message" (H. B. Pasmorel, Mrs.
Edith Scott Basford, with piano, violin and
cello accompaniment; son^s, "Wearing of the
Green," "Kathleen O'Moore," "Widow Mach
ree " Denis O'Sullivan; hum«rous selections,
William J. Hlnes: Miss Beth Hamilton and H.
B. Pasmore, accompanists.
CAPTURED BY LOVE.
But' the Prisoner Was Hot So Happy
as Might Be Supposed.
J. Biagini. clerk in the produce firm of
F. Lecerri & Sons, 7M Front street, was
arrestfd yesterday afternoon by Patrol- j
man Burr I^ove of the California-street ;
police station as the result of a clever
piece of detective work.
I^cerri suspected that Biagini had been
stealing from him for the past two
months, and yesterday notified Lieutenant j
Esola of his suspicions, and the lieuten
ant detailed Patrolman Love on the case.
At Love's suggestion, Lecerri marked sev
eral pieces of silver and place d them in
the till. Lecerri then went out to lunch,
leaving Biagini in the store. Love was on
the watch, and when Lecerri returned
from lunch Love searched Blagini and
found some of the marked pieci s, amount- ■
ing to $1 CO. oh the person of the clerk.
Biagini persisted in denying his guilt. ;
but a charge of petty larceny was placed
against him.
She — He says he loves me, yet he has
only known me two days. Her friend —
Well, perhnps that's thf reason, dear.—
Philadelphia North American.
$ Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
X marvel of beautiful illustrations
« — its half-tone work being es-
-8 epcially fine.
Sale's.
a great favor \U at ' £{¥"'•<• • 1 «« with bugles, it is no. 10 on th»
ManiUwith rilifiitiA fimfVh Program of the concert given by
Americans. Spanish | if] I P if lllulLll tne First Regiment Band at
«nd Filipinos was * V "**** w " Hale's to-morrow afternoon.
silks. for fall wear, flannels and blankets and towels
for the household, underwear and footwear — store-
ful of good goods, and more coming!
new silks new flannels
fancy pompadour stripes in 50 pieces canton flannel, 32 inches
dainty colorings for evening wear— ; wide; very heavy quality; nicely
new pink, cerise, turquoise and fleeced; an exceptional purchase,
lavender, with black satin stripe both in quality and low price; it is
effects : .:...... .$1.50 yard good value at 10c, but we offer it
(silk applique in colors to match until sold at • — • « !- 2c yard
the above for trimmings, J)Sc.) • ,
new blankets
corded satin stripe— one . of . , ,_, , •
the season's popular novelties, comes 100 pairs white wool blankets—
in turquoise lilac, cerise, purple and bought when wool was far cheaper
marine, with heavy white cord than ..n0w; ,72x32 inches; would be
stripes, 20 in. wide $1.25 yard low at $4 o0 pair; at Hale $3.75
(white silk applique for trimming 4-cihl^ riamac-ij'
the above, 25c yard.) new taoie damask
,15 pieces bleached table damask
fancy ribbon stripes on taf-| two yards wide, all 'linen; right
feta ground, in black and white, we ight and quality for family use-
marine and white; lilac and white! regular . value, 65c;.Hale's price..
and cardinal and white. 20 inches ......... .;■........... ; 50c yard
wide • $1.50 yard
(dainty patterns in black spangled new hOSe«
guimpb, make appropriate trim- . . . .
mings.) | ladies' heavy black wool hose, gray
merino heels and toes, sizes S 1 - to
new underwear 1 " 1 ;\ l t I hree pa f • m* $1
children s fine ribbed seamless
ladies' heavy fleece lined union black cotton hose, medium weight,
suits, buttoned across shoulder; all hard, ' twisted yarn, double heels,
seams covered; natural gray and soles and toes, sizes 6to 10; a 12%c^
ecru; all sites 45c suit hose for 9c pair
dosed Mj£&oi£oss2£Z' kA clo^ ed
Admission . " . — , v Admission
day 935,937,939,941,943,945,947 , ■_ day
Market Street
RISKED HIS LIFE TO
STOP A RUNAWAY
JOEY RICHARDSON PROVES
HIMSELF A HERO.
He Prevents an Accident by a Cour
ageous Action— A Thrilling Inci
dent and Dramatic Climax.
The heroic and timely action of Joey
Richardson, a youth of 15 years, pre
vented a serious accident on Harrison
Htrect, between Fourth and Fifth, yester
day morning. A powerful horse attached
to a butcher's wagon belonging to the
I X L Market was left standing unsecured'
by its owner in front of a house on Har
rison street. The careless driver allowed
a little child to sit in the wagon while he
was engaged in delivering meat. A pass
ing car rrightened the animal and it
bolted up the street toward Fifth. No
hand was put forth to stay its course.
The father of the child, unnerved by the
imminent danger of his little one, was
unable to move. Young Richardson was
made of better stuff. He was standing on
the corner holding two greyhounds wjiich
he was taking to Union Coursing Park,
and the moment he saw the runaway he
dropped tho leash and sped after the fast
moving vehicle. Seeing that in its erratic
course the horse would collide with a|
truck standing in frcnt of McNab &
Smith's old stand, he redoubled his spurt
and with a bound that would do credit to
a trained athlete he landed in the center
of the wagon, and balancing himself in
the swaying vehicle, reached the seat,
and bending far over grabbed the reins
and nulled the horse to a standstill im
mediately in front of the immovable
truck The heroic boy turned the horse
:i round and drove back to where the
father stood, weak and trembling, and
handed over his team and child, receiving
a fervent ''thank you."
The unusual incident was witnessed
by many women and children, and when
the mothers saw the sturdy lad save the
helpless babe their fervent blessings were
showered on the head of young Richard
son. A laughable part of the runaway
and rescue was the conduct of the
hounds during the Incident The faithful
dogs bounded after the boy and led him
to his objective point. They also followed
him bark to the corner and permitted
their custodian to take charge of them
again, evidently proud of his achieve
ment, judging by the wagging of their
tails and barks of approval.
APPRECIATIVE VOLUNTEERS
Express Their Heartfelt Thanks to
Native Sons and Daughters.
The California Volunteers are appre
ciative of the entertainment extended
them by the citizens of the city. Through
Major Frank Rice they have expressed
their gratitude to the Native Sons in the
following letter:
Now that the festivities connected with the
return of the California Volunteers have con
cluded I desire on behalf of myself and the
officers and men of my command to express
to the Nutlvo Sons of the Golden West our
heartfelt thanks for the many courtesies ex
tended to us In connection with our reception.
No soldiers who returned from war ever re
ceived a more penerous welcome, and the en
ergy, ability and skill displayed by ai: con
nected with the entertainment of the retum
lnt' volunteers has be»n a marvel not only to
ourselves, but to the public as well. Tho past
ten days will long remain in the memories uf
all those who were connected with the enter
tainment in any way. either directly or Indi
rectly. The reception from start to finish has
been' one of th>- grandest outbursts o£ popular
enthusiasm that it has ever been my privilege ,
to witness. I desire particularly to express to
the Native Daughters of the Golden Wost our
appreciation of the courtesies extended to CS
at the banquet, for all of which please accept
our heartfelt thanks. Very respectfully.
FRANK S. RICK.
Major Commanding Battalion.
LOYAL REBEKAHS.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.. gave
a reception last evening in its hall to the
Kel.i kali BOldiera who are here with the
returned volunteers. There was a largo
attendance to do honor to First Lieu
icnant Badley of the Idaho Regiment,
who is past grand master of the Odd Fel
lows of the State of luaho; the Rev. Mr.
Stevenson, chaplain of the Idaho Volun
teers; Lieutenant Morgaridge of the
Wyoming Volunteers, and F. w. Best and
Or. W. Opp of Company P, First Cali
fornia Volunteers. There was an address
f welcome by J. H. Simpson, past grand
master of California: a piano recital by
Miss Buffington; a farce. "The Two
Lunatics." by Geoige Caldwefl and Miss
Lennea; a Cew remarks by Lieutenant
Badley. who presented to the lodge as a
souvenir of far-away Manila a badge that
was adopted by the Odd Fellows' relief
board on the Island of Luzon, and short
addresses by Chaplain Stevenson. Mrs.
Badley and Sirs, Ptevenson. both of whom
cami here from their homes in Idaho to
meet, their husbands on their arrival.
Thmi followed a banquet in an adjoining
hall.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm s=ea
water tub and swimming baths. Tim th Beach. •
■ m ■
STILL LOOKING FOR HOWARD
The Police Think They Have Him
Located.
The police ridicule the story that How
ard, the noted embezzler, is in Mexico.
While admitting that he is out of the
Bale's.
: State, Chief T>ees and his men refused to
I state just where he is, but intimate that
they have located him and expect to have
• him In their custody before many hourn.
Every effort is being mado by the dotrn
tives to rind "Handsome" George Adams.
who. it la said, is familiar with thi -
transactions of Howard and tl
Australian crooks. He has already made
damaging statements against "Jack"
Casey; who is supposed to be one <>f the
men who robbed the steamer Alameda o:
5000 sovereigns. In case the police '
him it is their intention to use him as a
witness ngainst Casey, who is now under
arrest on a charge of grand larceny for
having swindled Bloch, the tailor, out of
a suit of clothes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I fOOKS 1
% IN
THREE
. MINUTES I
.4 I 1 f^B vP V ra fir w^m.
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
OF TEHERAN. PERSIA.
Has Brought a Superb Collection of
Persian
FINE ANTIQUE
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
He Has Conslsned to Me the Entire Stock to
Sell Out at
AUCTION!
Without Limit or Reserve, at
IIT.SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan. Dohrmann & Co/a,
SALE COMMENCES
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, September 5,
At 2:30 p. m. Daily.
Goods Now on View. Catalogues.
DEALERS ARE INVITED.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
■
Big Presents
Good Coffee
Try
Great American Importing Tea Go's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE*.
100 STORES.
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
— -Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS
Goods delivered to any part of the city
Phone. Jessie 1522. ■'