VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 147.
BRITISH FORCES NEAR LADYSMITH
ARE NOW IN DESPERATE STRAITS
Gen. Yule Has Aban
doned Both Dundee
and Gleneoe and Re
tires Protected by Ar
tillery Sent by White.
War Office at London Conceals
the True Situation, but It Is
Certain the Invading Boer
Forces Occupy the Strategic
Positions in Natal.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— The latest War Office dis
patcb seems to realize the worst fears
General Yule has abandoned not only Dun
dee, but Glencoe also, and so far as present news
would indicate, !}e has neither joined General
Wtyte nor reached Ladysrnitb- General White's
"successful action," announced in Parliament
by Mr. Wyndham, seems to resolve itself into a
mere engaging of the Free State troops, wtyle
General Yule is slipping southward.
it is evident frorr) the official dispatches that
both Corr)mandant General Joubert's column on
the north) and tY)e Orange pree State troops on
the west now occupy strong positions and that
nothing hinders the Boers fron) following up
General Yule's retirement and getting around
Ladysn)ith fron) the southeast. Until reinforce
ments arrive it seems that Generai White is
obliged to concentrate on Ladysmith.
it is believed that tfye Government fjave other
dispatches that h)ave not yet been published.
The Secretary of State for War left Mr.
Choate's residence immediately after the ban
quet to Generai Harrison and proceeded to the
War Office, where, even after midnight, there was
considerable activity, many visitors calling vo in
quire for information, among them a sister of
Sir Archibald Hunter.
Following is the dispatch from General Sir George Stewart
White to the Marquis of Lansdowne, Secretary of State for War,
which was received last evening at II o'clock and posted at the
War i )ffice soon after midnight:
"LADYSMITH, Oct 24, 9 p. m. — Information received
yesterday showed that the Boers had established themselves in
rable numbers in an exceedingly strong position west of
the main road leading from Ladysmith to Dundee. 1 also had
information that the Dundee force, formerly commanded by Gen
eral Symons, and since his wounding' commanded by General
Yule, was failing back on Ladysmith by way of the Helpmak
karr road, Beith and the valleys of the Waschbank and Sunday
rivers, and was expected to report at .Sunday River Valley to-
I therefore moved out with a strong force to cover the
movement of Yule's column. The enemy was discovered about
seven miles out of Ladysmith in a position of great natural
strength, west of the road. When he saw that preparations were
being made against him he opened fire with one gun with great
'icy.
"1 >ur artillery soon got into position and the gun was si
lenced. Our troops were ordered to occupy a strong ridge, pa
• 1 the enemy's position but nearer to the road. I confined
irts to occupying him and hitting him hard enough to pre
vent his taking action against Yule's column. Numbers of the en
emy fled to the west and the firing had practically ceased at 2
>ck.
The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing at 9:45 p. m.
lay, says:
>ral V;:!e has performed a brilliant strategical movement. By a swift
he louth, leaving Glencoe empty, he has effected a Junction of his
; with those of Sir Stewart "VVhito, slightly to the north of Ladysmith.
-.:■ in a p"sitlon to offer battle. I bplleve the first attack will be
;.irge Free State force which entered Natal by way of Tlntwa Pass,
■ : •00 been hanussing Ladysmith. The military authorities decide !
■ ■-■ their forces the two generals would be better able to cope with
-tt a time than by having two small detachments to oppose sim-
Ig lu>er forces. Accordingly, after defeating the Free State
mid offer battle to Commandant General Joubert.
mil* now separate the two Boer forces, hence the need for
tion. The two sections of the Boer army together outnumber
■ rce three to one. Hard fighting is certain at a very early
ire confident and there is much enthusiasm.
1 . outside of Ladysmith was a mere brush. The losses on
elth>- Lg^ilflcant It was merely an artillery duel, in which the Boers
fiitf" off. d< sidedly the worse."
Map of Country Above Ladysmith, Showing General
Yule's Line of Retreat From Dundee.
The San Francisco Call.
SITUATION IN NATAL
IS YET DISQUIETING
London Papers Criticize Wolseley's Summary
and Compare It to Statements Made by the
Spanish When Santiago Fell.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The British
military authorities hope tohavo the
wireless telegraphy In operation In
South Africa within three weeks,
when, it is hoped, the difficulties ex
perience from the cutting of wires
will be obviated, as it will only be
■ry to establish communica
tion with a point where the ordin
ary wires are intact.
LONDON. Oct. 24.— The Parliamen
tary Secretary of the Foreign Of
fice, George Wyndham, In the
House of Commons to-day an
nounced that Field Marshal 'Lord
Wolseley, the commander In chief of the
forces, sums up the situation In Natal to
day as follows:
"General Yule has fallen back to effect
a Junction with Sir George Stewart White.
He camped yesterday evening about six
teen miles south of Dundee, without see
ing anything of the enemy during the
march, and it has since been reported
that 'aH'3 well on the Waschbank
River.'
"General White fought a successful ac
tion with the Orange Free State force to
day on the road betweeen I>adysmith and
Newcastle and should join hands with
General Yule this evening. General Yule
reports that his wounded are doing well.
The Hoer wounded on our hands are
treated just as our own and I have every
reason to believe the Boers will treat any
of our wounded in their hands In a simi
larly humane manner."
Mr. Wyndham added: "I may remind
the House that the Transvaal Is a party
to the Geneva convention."
Lord Wolseley further says:
"I have also received from General
Walker at Cape Town the following mes
sage: 'The last message from Klmberley
October 22, at 2 p. m., reports all well.' " *
Replying to a quesuon as to what ar
rangements had been made to employ
civilian doctors to assist In the care of
the wounded in South Africa, Mr. Wynd
ham said he was glad to take the oppor
tunity of announcing that Sir William
MacCormack, the distinguished president
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
'The Devonshlres held the enemy In front, -while the Manchesters and Gordon Highlanders turned his left flank."— From General Sir George Stewart Whlte'sreport to the "War Office.
Railroad Bridge at Waschbank, Destroyed by Boers.
of the Royal College of Surgeons, had In
timated his readiness to accompany Gen
eral Sir Redvers Buller's force and place
his great skill and ability at the disposal
of the army medical authorities. Mr.
Wyndham said: "We have not hesitated
to accept this patriotic offer."
The War Office this morning attempted
to explain the summary of the situation
In Natal, furnished by the commander in
chief of the forces. Field Marshal Lord
Wolseley, to the House of Commons yes
terday. His statement Is now said to
have created unnecessary alarm and it is
asserted that what the official note called
General Yule's "retirement" would bo
more accurately described as a "change
of position for tactical reasons," and that
the alarm for the safety of the wounded
is not justified. It is further explained
that the wounded could not be moved,
but the fact that they had to be left to
'their fate while the British forces .made a
strategic movement to the rear shows the
suspense of the House at the absence of
subsequent news is amply justified and
that the heavy fighting on Friday and
perhaps Saturday is perhaps a prelude to
still sterner work. In some quarters the
view is taken that the second attack of
the Boers has actually occurred and was
so successful that General Yule's with
drawal was imperative and urgent to the
extent of compelling him to leave his hos
pitals in the hands of the Boers, while
the more sanguine express the opinion
that General Yule, far from retreating,
has in reality advanced to meet the at
tack threatening Glencoe, leaving Dundee
behind, safely sheltered from a Boer
assault.
In the absence o{ authentic news, there
are a number of contradictory rumors
afloat, but the most reasonable interpreta
tion of the various reports seems to indi
cate that there was some artillery prac
tice at Glencoe Saturday and Sunday, but
no fighting at close quarters.
As, however, communication between
Glencoe and Ladysmlth, which was
thought to have been restored by the Brit
ish victory at Elands Laagte, has again
been broken by the destruction of the
railway bridge at Waschbank, north of
Ladysmlth, and between Elands Laagte
and GJencoe, the difficulties of the British
commander- in Natal, General Sir George
Stewart White, in reinforcing Glencoe
have been enormously Increased, and un
THE BATTLE OF ELANDS LAAGTE.
til the British forces at Ladysmith and
Glencoe are reunited and the main body
of the Boers is brought up, the situation
must remain disquieting for the British.
The afternoon papers here sharply criti
cize Lord Wolseley's summary of the
Natal situation. They say it has a dis
tinct resemblance to the statements of the
Spanish Ministry when preparing their
countrymen for news of the disaster at
Santiago. This, however, is probably an
overstrained view. There is no denying,
however, the great suspense and anxiety
existing, which has been increased by the
report in circulation, purporting to eman
ate from official quarters, to the effect
that the Boers have secured the services
of 13,000 natives.
The vague and varied estimates of Boer
losses and the absence of any official in
formation on the subject are also arous
ing misgiving's as to whether the beaten
enemy suffered proportionately to the dis
astrous losses of the victors. One of the
most disquieting stories comes from Lady
smith. It is to the effect that an English
man, who arrived there from Dundee on
Sunday evening, after escaping through
the Boer lines on the previous night, said
the enemy was then shelling the camp
and town with heavy guns, while the
shells of the British were unable to reach
the enemy's batteries. Consequently, the
man is said to have added, the camp was
shifted a mile or so. In order to be out
of the reach of the Boers, who were firing
on the magazine in the town.
News has at length been received direct
from Colonel Baden-Powell, dated Mafe
king, October 15. It confirms the state
ment that In the armored train fight the
British had two men killed and fifteen
wounded, including- Lieutenant Lord
Charles Benedict of the Ninth Lancers,
slightly wounded. The Boer loss was es
timated at fifty-three killed and many
wounded.
The latest advices from Kimberley, un
der date of October 21, said the Boer at
tack was still pending, and that large
Boer forces in the neighborhood had de
stroyed big sections of the railroad line
north and south of the town. Many fu
gitives from neighboring villages have
been imprisoned by the Boers. Several
ladles, hearing their husbands had been
captured, visited the Boer camp and were
courteously received. Their intercession
for their husbands was successful and
STEYN SEIZES SLICE
OF BRITISH TERRITORY
The Orange Free State Annexes That Part of
Cape Colony North of the
Yaal River.
LONDON, Eng., Oct. 24.— The Colonial Office has received a cable
gram stating that President Steyn of the Orange Free State has
issued a proclamation annexing that part of Cape Colony which is north
of the Vaal River. This means Griqualand West and Bechuanaland,
and is apparently in consequence of the Free State forces having
seised the railway and all stations north of Kimberley except Mafe
king, unless Mafeking has fallen since the last news from there, which
is a week old.
the reunited families have arrived at
Kimberley. The prisoners report that
they were well treated. According 1 to
runners who have arrived at Kimberley
from Kuruman, British Bechuanaland,
the resident magistrate there has recently
presided at a council of the native chiefs.
He advised them not to participate in the
war. The natives expressed satisfaction
at the magistrate's explanations and
promised to remain quiescent.
A dispatch from Pretoria, dated Octo
ber 20. indicates that the Rhodesians, un
der Colonel Hoover, at Fort Tuli, on the
Transvaal border, are taking the offen
sive. They have attacked a Boer patrol
at Rhodes Drift, but apparently not much
damage was done on either side. The
Boers say that they lost three horses.
Germany has sent to follow the British
forces in South Africa her military at
tache In London, Captain Baron yon Lutt
witz, who married Miss Mamie Carey of
Cleveland, Ohio.
For the Wounded Boers.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 24.— A private tele-
GENERAL GROBLER, Commander-in-Chief of the Orange
Free State Forces.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
gram from Delagoa Bay says a man who
has just arrived there from Johannesburg
asserts that the Transvaal Government
has appropriated 850 "beds in private
houses in Johannesburg for wounded
troops from the front.
The Boer organs, according to this in
formant, are doing everything to min
imize the Boer losses, and all sorts of
misstatements and misrepresentations
are employed.
COMMANDANT CRONJE
ADVANCING ON KIMBERLEY
LONDON, Oct. 25.— The Daily Telegraph
publishes this dispatch from its special
correspondent:
DE AAR, CAPE COLONY, Oct. 23.—
Commandant Cronje, who has twice been
repulsed at Mafeking, is stated to be ad
vancing on Kimberley and to be com
manding men, stores and munitions of
war in British territory. He has left a
small command investing Mafeking. Free2
WELL KNOWN DIVINE
CALLED BY THE REAPER
Death of Rev. N, R. Peck, Clergyman,
Pioneer and Former Member of State
Horticultural Commission,
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. . 24.— lni«
versal mourning prevails in thltH
I city to-day because of the ' <; ' ;^|
of Rev. N. K. Peck, hnriioultur-M
st, pioneer and clergyman. IVatl^B
k&s due to heart disease. AeenrdinjM
n the records "Father" Peck, as -*'''H
vas best known, was horn in Yi'rm<>i!i^B
n 1818, but as ho often said that I; 'H
lad lived through four wars— that |>; H
812, the Mexican, the Civil and ih<H
Spanish— this date Is believed to be in 'H
:orrect. lie became a Methodist niin^B
ster some years prior to 1888. In I>:i^B
le joined the famous Black Riv<:i^H
Conference of New York, but left l^J
n ISSO to tome to California. For i^t
lumber of years he labored as an in-^J
Impendent preacher among the. misiors^B
n 18K he joined the California ( 'oTifer^|
'lice at its fourth annual session. ;<:n^J
lad attended every subsequent s>\^sioi^H
ip to that recently closed in this ciiy^B
Us first regular charge in Calif. .rn:;:^B
vas at Los Angeles^ from which plaei^B
le went to Sacramento and establi.^h-^B
:d the present M. E. Church on I!^|
street. Beiiiß physically too feeble u:^|
continue in the active ministry Faint iH
*eck was made a superannuate of :h<:H
California Conference in IS.S9.
Father Peck served as a member o fThe^Tateßoar^o^iorUcuUure^He
eaves a widow, one daughter, Mrs. Maddox, and one granddaughter, Mrs.
f. W. Kuykendall of San Francisco.
The funeral will take place to-morrow and will be attended by a large
lumber of California Methodist clere-v.
rs are moving westward in or
r an attack on Klm
berlej.
Dispatch riders who are coming down
to the Orange River from Kimberley are
performing thrilling feats. They ride
through the Boer lines under cover of
darkness and will get to Orange River
without taking any rest, save for change
of horses. The distance is sixty miles.
One rider who rode Into Kimberley last
Friday was chased for seventeen miles
by the Boors, narrowly escaping with his
life. This same man returned safely with
dispatches to Orange River to-day. When
ho had reached a point thirty miles from
Kimberley his horse fell and kicked two
lingers off the . m's hand against a rock,
but despite his painful wound 1 he gallant
fellow made good the journey here. He
report? that the Boers are three miles
from Kimberley, but are afraid to attack
and are waiting for the arrival of Cronje.
BRITONS HAVE NO CAUSE
FOR CONGRATULATION
LONDON, Ot. 25.— Although there is no
r .i to doub of the dis
•■ Town to the Dally Mall
eneral Whites telegram to
the War Ofl p. m ., but
mention of a joining of ( i
When the War Office dispatch was ls
■ midnighi the officials an
il nothing com
municated until Wednesday morning, bo
that it is h to «■ mflrm or deny
rule had a heavy
march on . over the Stratford
sloughs and the Zurfontein table, both
■ ■ Ived after dusk
at B •;:>:. whi< b Is half waj
Rorkea Drift and Waschbank. He had a
before him and was
hardly expected to Join General White at
Ladysmith until to-day. His acts were
Led by Bound Judgment, since he
Boon would have been surrounded and in
[1 lon. The combined :
nith, now amounting to some
men, will be amply sufficient to act
■
like G Laagte, however,
ritlsh troops without
■
Wh rs have failed to take ad
vantage of their strategic position, owing
to the Incompi I • of their
• r the results of the Natal
suffered heavy
losses In men and their victories have
ig, the whole of
Northern Natal being now ned to
the B<
It would have been better to have con
on Ladysraith in tfie first in
, but General White and General
id to yield to political cxi*;< n
-1 • local reluctance to aban
ui inch of territory more than neces
sary
It is not • ed left
at 1 >undee will pi In being pris
oner! of wa Tl • i ewa of unrest in Ba
sutblai much anxiety.
« ho were taken
prisoners in the train at Elands 1-aa.gte
hat b ■ ." n port that they
were wall tn ated by the B ci - and that'
in the eoll< f the
wtfundod 1 ■ em to ha\e
been mutually helpful.
SLIGHT SKIRMISHES
AND SMALL CASUALTIES
LONDON, Oct. 25.— A dispatch to the
Morning Post from Kimberley, daied the
irried by a
dispatch rider, via the ( irange Kiver,
where it is date.i October 24, reports
slight skirmishes and small casualties. It
is believed, however, that the dispatch
must refer to the armored train fight at
Marking.
The Chronicle this morning, comment
ing on the mysterious Reticence In regard
to the War 6fflce dispatches, says that
there is nothing to prove that there has
not been fighting at Dundee or Olencoe,
which compelled Gen< to retreat.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Cape
Town, dated October 24, says that five
big guns have been sent from Pretoria to
Mafclclhg.
ASKS THE SUPPORT
OF THE ELECTORATE
LONDON, Oct. Arthur J. Bal
four, First Lord of the Treasury and Gov
ernment leader In the House of Com-'
mons, writing to the Conservative can
didate for Parliament in Bow, makes it
perfectly clear that the Government asks
the support of the electorate at the pres
ent Juncture on patriotic grounds. He
nays:
"On questions of legislation much might
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
THE LATE PEV. DR. N. R. PECK
be said, but all subjects of merely do
mestic interests are dwarfed by the
stirring events In South Africa. There we
find our troops, both British and colonial,
from the necessities of the case, divided
isolated, and for the moment greatly
1 outnumbered, yet resisting with the ut
■ most heroism unprovoked opposition ot
the Queen's dominions. Our imperial
destinies are now being decided In Natal
and Cape Colony. Constituencies that
ire called on at such a crisis to elect
representatives in Parliameot cannot re
i main Idle spectators of a contest which,
| though it be waged 6000 miles away, does
mosl nearly touch us all. They have an
ptional share of the national re
.;■ ■usabilities and for my part I cannot
doubt thai the electors whose suffrages
you are asking will feel that their first
duty Is to strengthen the hands of those
to whom, under conditions of peculiar dif
ficulty, has been entrusted the mainten
;m :e of the empire "
BASUTOS RECEIVE
OVERTURES FROM BOERS
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The Colonial Office
this evening published a dispatch re
ceived from the British High Commis
sioner In South Africa, Sir Alfred Milner,
communicating a significant dispatch
from Sir Godfrey Laigden, the British
resident Commissioner In Basutoland, call-
Ing attention to the recklessness of the
Basutos, whom, he says, he has been try
ing to calm. The resident Commissioner
adds:
"Our policy, however, has been marie
difficult by the blustering of the Boers,
who have freely threatened to attack
Masuru and other stations. These threats,
combined with intriguing, have con
tributed to rouse excitement among the
natives. I wish to place it on record that
the Bqeri have unwisely attempted t i
shake the allegiance of the Basutos and
frustrate our efforts toward tranrjuility.
; The BoerS", therefore, are responsible for
any commotion and for the alarm regard
ing native Invasions which now prevail."
• 'API-; TOWN, Oct 24. The following
advices have been received hore from
Masuru, Basutoland, dated October 2:-i:
"A reliable native lately visited a laager
of Orange Free State troops Just opposite
Masuru. He found it to consist of wagons,
surrounded by turf piled three feet high,
ii' :;nticed only a few Mausers. The
Boer commandant questioned him regard
ing the feeling of the different Basuto
chiefs, principally the paramount chief,
Lorothodl, and in order to draw the com
• mandant, the native replied that the na
; tives sided with the Boers.
"Thereupon the commandant said the
two republics wished to kill the Britishers
and t-v take over and govern the Basutos,
restoring) to the latter that part of the
country which the Free State formerly
took from them. As to the Britishers,
those whom they failed to kill they would
drive into the s'-a.
"The commandant wished a decision on
the part of Lorothodl and the other
chiefs as soon as possible— whether they
would titcht the Boers or British— because
his contingent was anxious to help the
Boers else where. He acknowledged that
• n w^re afraid of the Basutos, bc
< a :.-• their v-iv.-s and families, as well as
their cattle, were within reach of a Basuto
incursion; and he said he was prepared
to enter into an agreement with the
chief*, signing the same, to give a very
substantial recompense to the tribesmen
for assisting the Boers. Failing this, if
the BasutOS would give a written under
standing not to assist either side the c»m
mandunt said his forces would withdraw
from the Basutoland border and go to the
assistance of their countrymen, where
fighting was hottest. The Boera on the
Basutoland frontier, according to the best
information obtainable at Masuru, num
ber about 2500."
DETAILS OF A FIGHT
CLOSE TO MAFEKING
LONDON, Oct. 24— The War Office pub- j
lished to-night a dispatcli ftom Colonel
Baden-Powell, the British commander at
Mafeklng, dated October 15 and forwarded
from Cape Town. It says:
"All well here. In a fight 10-day, four
milfs from Mafeklng, the armored train.
a s. .tion of the British Bo'uta African
police and two squadrons of the protec
torate regiment repulsnd th« enemy, los
lng two killed and fifteen wounded, ths
latter Including Lieutenant Bentlnick.
Ninth Lancers, and Lieutenant Bray of
the protectorate regiment, both slight'}
The enemy's loss is estimated at fifty
three killed, besides many wounded. The
names of our killed and wo-.inded will fel
low. All worked splendidly find are very
anxious for the next meeting with the
enemy."
GERMANY'S STAND
AS TO INTERVENTION
BERLIN, Oct. 24. -The Tageblatt denies
the statement of the Eclair of Paris that
Germany after promising assistance to
France and Russia for the purpose of in
tervention in the Transvaal seems now
to withdraw it. The Tageblatt declares:
"We believe we are well Informed when
we state that the German Government
did not participate in any combination for
Intervention."
PRISONERS WELL TREATED.
CAPEjTOWN, Oct. 24.— A dispatch from
Kimberley dated October 21 and brought
by a dispatch rider to the Orange River
has just' arrived here. It 'says:
"The position In Klmberley is U n
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
MORE THAN TWO
SCORE OF WIVES
Record of a Chicago Mao Wfyo Is
fJrrested on a Bigamy
Charge.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— Forty two wives scattered throughout the world, four
of whom are in Chicago, was the confession made to-day by Waller I>. Farns
worth. a Chicago candy commission man, who was arrested yesterday,
charged with bigamy. Farnsworth also admitted that he was a man of many
aliases. Some of these are Charles Bradford, A. J. Hitting, S. L. Thomas, A.
L. Kiefer and Bradshaw.
"I cannot tell exactly how many women I have married," he said. "I
know of eleven In Europe, four in China, thrse in Peru, one in England and
over twenty in different parts of the world, hut, to save my soul, I couldn't
tell how many. I married th-m for different reasons. I did not live more
than a day or two at a time with them. They will tell you I was good to
them."
changed. The siege continues. Yesterday
the armored train found the enemy m
the same position in the Spytfontain
neighborhood. The prisoners who were
captured when the armored train was
destroyed by the Boers at Kran.i Pan ar*
now reported alive and well treated. The
Boers hoisted the flap of the Transvaal
nvMt- yryhnrg on October 18, and are about
issuing a proclamation that Bechuana
land now forms part of the Transvaal.
This Is regarded as a move on the part
of th« enemy to Induce the colonial Dutch
to join the republic without incurring the
risk hereafter of the charge of high
treason, if the Boers are ultimately de
feated.
"Colonel Keckwich, on hearing of it.
immediately Issued a proclamation notl
; fylng the people that if any British sub
i jects were found assisting her Majesty's
i enemies, either directly or indirectly, such
person would be punished summarily as
a base rebel. Several arrests of Cape
Dutchmen were made here last night."
TROOPS FROM CANADA.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 21. A special to
the Journal from Winnipeg, .Manitoba,
says: There was great enthusiasm to
day when the train bearing the Manitoba
and British Columbia contingent of the
Canadian military to assist Great Britain
in the Transvaal pulled out for the Bast.
Only fifty men from each province would
bo accepted, and these had been carefully
selected from each battalion and troop,
so that every regiment in th^ Dominion
service would have a representative, citi
zens raised $2600 to furnish comforts to
the men. A half holiday was proclaimed
and an Immense crowd watched tin em
barkation In a drizzling rain, captain
Leybourne commands the Manitoba con
tingent.
ILEET FOR HOME PORTS.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— 1t is rumored a 1
Plymouth that the Admiralty is about to
mobilize a reserve ileet. in home ports and
that this and other naval undertakings
are due to the Intention of Russia to seize
a port in the Persian Gulf.
«.
JAMESON AND GREY.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Delagoa Ba>
Oct. 24.— Dr. Jameson, who became fam
ous through the raid which he heade
Into the Transvaal, ami his i-ompamor
Colonel Grey, have arrived here Croi
England.
General Symons Improving
LONDON, Oct. 25.— The Daily Tele
graph publishes this dispatch from its
special correspondent:
CAPE T»)WN, Oct. 23.— A heartfelt wish
is gratified by the receipt of favorable
news about Major General Symons, who
was to-day reported In a private tele
gram to be improving. The whole colony
was profoundly touched by the Queen's
message of sympathy and admiration for
the troops engaged at Glencoe and Elands
Laaete.
It is believed that the Boers will, after
a show of resistance, rotreat on Wak
kerstrom and Bloemfontein on the ap
proach of General Buller's columns.
REINS OF GOVERNMENT
TURNED OVER TO CASTRO
Revolutionary Leader Assumes
Charg-e in Venezuela and
Names a Cabinet.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24— A cablegram
received at the State Department from
Minister Loomis at Caracas says that the
Government has been turned over to
Castro by the Acting President. Castro
seems very popular.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 24.— General
Ciprtano Castro, the insurgent leader, has
assumed control of the Government and
ha.s formed the following Cabinet:
Minister of the Interior— Francisco Cas
tillo.
Minister of the Exterior— Anduza Pa
lacio.
Minister of Finance— Tello Mendoza.
Minister of War— lgnacio Ptilido.
Minister of Commerce— Manuel Hernan
dez Mocho.
Minister of Public Works— Victor Rod
riguez
Minister of Instruction— Clemente Ur
banaja.
Governor— Julio Sarrla.
TRIAL OF THE COEUR
D'ALENE MINERS DELAYED
It Is Now Very Probable the Hearing
Will Not Commence Before
Next Monday.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Oct. 24.— 1t now seems
probable that the trial of the Coeur
d'Alene miners on a charge of interfering
with a United States mail train will not
begin before Monday next. The United
States Grand Jury is now in session here,
and it is probable that the new indict
ment it will present against the men will
Include the nances of tho?e in the old In
dictment and also the names of the "four
hundred whose names are unknown."
Out of the 442 Indicted by a former
grand jury, It is not probable that more
than twenty will be tried. These will, it
is thought, be tried jointly. The rest of
the indicted miners are out of the State.
have been paroled or have escaped. The
defense will ask the court to pay the ex
penses of their witnesses as they are un
able to do so.
Edwin Brooks, a defaulting witness be
fore the Grand Jury, was brought in to
day and heavily fined.
EXPEDITION RETURNS.
Failure of the Shushitna River Ex-
ploration Party.
PORT TOWNSBND, Wash., Oct. 24 —
The United States Government expedi
tion In charge of Captain Glenn which
went north to explore Shushitna Rh-er
has returned to Valdes to winter. It was
the Intention of the expedition to winter
on the Shushitna River, but owing to the
failure of the arrival of supplies in time
to take them up the river, the expedition
was compelled to return to Valdes, where
supplies were landed by the steamer
Cleveland.
Senator Mallory 111.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.— United States
Senator Mallory of Florida, and a mem
ber of the Industrial Commission, is ill
at Provider.ee Hospital in this city. He
ia suffering from an enlargement of the
liver, but his condition is not alarming.
Prominent Odd Fellow Dies.
MONTEZUMA, lowa, Oct. 24.— 0tt0 L.
Rosman, formerly grand master of the
lowa Odd Fellows and representative to
the Supreme Lodge, died here to-day of
apoplexy.
To Cure La tfrippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falla to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature le on each box. 25c
DENOUNCES THE
PHILIPPINE WAR
Resolution Adopted by
the W. C. T. U.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 24.— The National con
vention of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union passed a series of resolu
tions to-day, some of which caused hours
of discussion. .The main fight was over
two resolutions, one censuring the general
Government, and the President, Attorney
<;>::,!;,! Griggs and ex-Secretary of War
AJger bj i. am.' tor their action on the
anti-canteen !aw. and the other denounc
ing the war in the Philippines.
Tin- opposition to the passage of the
resolutloi denouncing the war was led by
Mrs. .Mary 11. Hunt of Massachusetts,
who lost a son in the Philippines, while
ili'- pro-re solution forces were led by Mrs.
Clara Hoftnutn of Missouri and Mrs. K.
L. Stevenson of .Massachusetts. The res
olution was as- follows:
"We rejoice that the last year of the
nineteenth century witnessed the first in
terriational peace congress and hall the
'•■"■' as h glad omen that during the cen
tury ii]'"ti which we are just entering in
ternational arbitration will be the only
recognisi i met hud for the settlement of
international complications.
"We deeply deplore the attitude taken
by our nation with respect to the Philip
pine Islands, and sinci governments can
deriv< th Ir just powers only from the
consent ol the governed, we protest both
against the policy which would compel a
foreign people to submit to the rule of
tli' United .States and against the war
through which the administration is striv
ing to enforce iis policy.
"We protest against the manifestly
forced and unjust interpretation of the
anti-canteen law. as rendered by Attor
■ il <iri^t;s of the I'nited States
Supremi Court and upheld by ex-Secre
tary of War Alger. we urge upon the
:' Xx cutive, William WYKinley, of
"iii nation, as Commander-in-chief of our
army and navy, an immediate consldera
ease. which will result in such
action aa shall be in accord with th'- ex
pressed will of the people and his own
nigh oath of office, we pledge ourselves
to renew efforts through petitions, letters
personal appealß, public meetings and all
means tor the passage of the
Grout bill which will come before our
next Congr< >s."
A resolution protesting against the seat
ing of C<?Bgreeßmau Roberts was adopted
with Cheers. It i-ml as follows:
"We believe thai i-y allowing BrJghajn
IJ. Roberts of Utah to retain a seat 1n
the National House of Representatives a
blow will be struck at every home in our
land. We therefore call upon our repre
tives to see to it that the moral
stand : r honorable body shall not
be so Impeached, and we pledge ourselves
to bring all possible force to bear to pre
\i nt so great a national disgrace as would
be Involved in allowing the congressman
elect from Utah to retain a seat in the
chief council halls of the nation."
Resolutions were also passed denounc
ing immoral shows, offensive advertise
ments, lynching, demanding the ballot for
women and against trusts.
At the election of officers held this
morning all the national officers were re
elected. A memorial service In memory
of Frances L\. Willard was held and at
tended by an immense audience in addi
tion to the delegates.
In the race for the convention of 1900
Indianapolis and Washington. D. C, have
the lead. The convention closes to-mor
row night.
GENERAL MILES INSPECTS
OLD FORT OMAHA
Favors the Repairing of the Historic
Structure for the Occupancy
of Troops.
OMAHA, Oct. 24.— General Kelson A.
Miles arid party arrived in this city thl3
morning. They were met at the depot
by General Merriam and the officers of
the headquarters staff here. Colonel Wil
liam !•'. Cody and a number <if prominent
citizens. During the day the general vis
ited old Fun Omaha, which has been
abandoned since the building of Fort
Crook. Th<- general has always favored
keeping the old fort in condition f"i- oc
cupancy, and in view of tin- necessity of
providing healthy ami convenient posts
i'>r regiments returning fr<nn the tropics
is now nior.> than ever in favor of putting
the buildings In repair ami using them In
connection with th<> new fort. During tho
day he visited tho exposition and in the
afternoon started West over the Burling
ton for the mountains, where he will go
on a hunting trip with Colonel Cody.
Colonel C'o'ly has had a telephone line
sixty miles long constructed to the hunt
ing camp, .so that the general can be kept
i in touch with the outer world.
DRAMATIC SUICIDE
OF GEORGE PLANT
Sitting Beside His Wif« on a Bale of
Hay in His Bam, Shoots Him
self With a Shotgun.
SAN DIEOO, Oct. 24.— George Plant,
who shot himself with a shotgun last
nighi while sitting in his barn on a bale
of hay beside his wife of only two months,
died this morning at 3 o'clock, without
explaining his rash act. His was a deter
mined* case of suicide, at; he had quietly
drawn oh* one shoe, and, taking up his
6taolgun, had asked his wife to move over
a little. Nol suspecting his intent she did
so, as she thought she had hidden all his
gun cartridges. Plant then pulled the
trigger with his toe and the charge en
tered his side. He tore, oft bandages when
placed on the wound by the doctor, say
ing he was determined to die.
BRUMBY AT ATLANTA.
Admiral Dewey's Flag Lieutenant
Given a Splendid Welcome.
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct. 24.— Flag Lieu
tenant Brumby of Admiral Dewey's flag
ship olympia arrived here at 6 o'clock
to-night. Thousands of people were wait
j ing at th-j depot and gave him a rousing
reception. A committee of Atlanta citi
zens met him at the State line and acted
fis an fifcorl. Lieutenant Brumby, wish
; ing to go direct to his home in Marietta,
: Ga.. no programme of reception was
j carried out. He was escorted to a special
I train on the Western and Atlanta, which
, took him immediately to his destination.
j twenty miles out of "town.
Atlanta is splendidly decorated In honor
of his cominj. Lieutenant Brumby will
return here to-morrow, and a formal wel
come will be given him to-morrow night.
Indicted for a Crime of Years Ago.
PARIS, Mo., Qot 24.— The Gran,d Jury
this afternoon returned an Indictment for
murder in the first degree against Alex
ander Jestor, on the charge of murdering
Gilbert Gales, son of a Chicago million
aire, twenty-eight years ago.
HYMEN'S BONDS NOW HOLD
THE TWAIN AS BUT ONE
Very Pretty Wedding of Miss May Watson
and Frank W. Sargent, Social Favor
ites of Salinas.
CATTLE HERDS
ARE STARVING
Caught by the Heavy
Snowfall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS. Oct. 24.— More than
one hundred experienced vaqueros are
working day and night trying to save four
thousand or more cattle that were caught
on the ranges of the higher Sierras by the
unexpectedly severe storms. The snow
has destroyed all feed and unless the cat
tle can be brought out they will purely
starve The cattle men of Tuolumne
County are greater sufferers than those of
Calaveras, many bands owned here hav
ing been brought down last month, but
these aggregate less than five hundred
head.
It cleared up yesterday, however, and
the worst if past, for the present. The
rainfall here for the present storm was
nearly five Inches and the snowfall In the
upper ranges was from six to eight feet.
Wliile it has brought death to the cattle,
and even deer, it will prove a blessing
to a wide scope ,of country next summer.
The cold weather which was a feature of
the great storm solidified the snow, caus
ing it to pack hard, and thus insure a
general supply of water next year.
Though the sun is shining brightly to-day
the air is cold and crisp and the snow will
not melt.
Some sawmill men had narrow escapes
and Surveyor McTarnahan of Angels was
snowed in above Strawberry Valley, in
Tui.lumne County, but was rescued by a
relief party.
The homo and family of Assemblyman
Harvey B, Blood of this county, on the
divide between <"alaveras and Alpine
counties, are Bnowed in, and the local
statesman Is prepared f'>r a hard siege.
All work at ponlatowkt's Blue Lake
City in doubling the capne'ty of the Stan ].
ard electric plant has come to a standstill
and the men have all come out. All work
in the timber belt and at the sawmills has
been suspended for the season.
CATHOLIC CHURCH
CONTROVERSY ENDED
Excommunication Removed From the
Troubled East St. Louis
Parisli.
ROME, Oct. 24.- The following is the
full text cf the official instructions from
Cardinal Iyedochowekl to the Bishop of
Belleville, 111., bearing on the recent con
troversy in the Catholic church of East
St. Louis:
"Remove immediately the excommuni
cation from the parish, as they do not
deHerve it. Get Father Cruze to resign
and appoint a pastor of their own
nationality over them."
Cardinal I^edochowski is Cardinal prefect
of the Propaganda, to whom belongs the
final settlement of all ecclesiastical con
troversies of this nature. There is no ap
peal from his ruling. It follows on these
instructions that the general practice of
the church for the future duties will be
that Bishops must appoint pastors ac
cording to the nationality of congrega
tions.
RUSSIA REINFORCING
HER PACIFIC FLEET
Rumors of a Chino-Japanese Alliance
Believed To Be the
Reason.
SpeelfU Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, Oct. 24.— The Tageblatt learns
from St. Petersburg that rumors are cur
rent there that the nineteen Russian men
of-war in the Pacific will shortly be re
inforced by six ships from the eastern
squadron. The Tagcblatt sees In this a
connection with rumors of a Chlno-
Japantse alliance.
"Do Not Burn the Candle
At Both Ends/
c Don't think you can go on dramnng vi-
tality from the blood for nerves, stomach,
brain and muscles, ivithout doing some-
thing to replace it. Hood's Sarsaparilla
gives nerve, mental and digestive strength
by enriching and vitalizing the blood. Thus
ii helps overworked and tired people.
SALINAS, Oct. 24.— One of the prettiest
wedding ceremonies as well as most
notable society events in Monterey
County occurred to-night, when
Frank W. Sargent and Miss Mary Wat
son were united in marriage. The event
took place at the country home of the
bride's parents. Corral de Tlerra. Rev.
Father Stoeters officiated.
Miss Watson is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Watson, both of whom are
natives of California and are children of
one of the pure Castillan families who
came to this State in the forties. Miss
Watson is a native daughter. Her pa
rents have lived In Monterey County for
a great many years and have become" very
wealthy.
Frank W. Sargent has been Deputy
County Clerk since 1897. Mr. Sargent is
a native son. He is a graduate of Santa
Clara College, where in 1896 he took the
degree of A. B. He studied law until May'
1897, since which time he has been in poli
tics. Mr. Sargent is first vice president
of the parlor of Native Sons in this citr
and president of the Young Men's Insti
tute.
MANY VICTIMS OF
KENTUCKY FEUDS
Crimes in the Blue Grass
Region.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON*. Ky., Oct. 24.— Tom Witmore
and Dan Parker were ambushed yester
day on Horse Creek, en route to Clay
County Circuit Court. The former was
killed and the latter injured. Bob Travis
was killed at Hamlet.
A report states that a Philpot, en route
to Manchester Court, was ambushed and
killed at Pigeon Roost to-day.
Trouble is reported on Sexton's Creek,
between the "White and Baker factions.
Circuit Judge Kversole. fearing assassina
tion, did not go to Manchester and the
opening of the court was delayed. The
Griffins and Philpots are present in large
numbers, heavily armed. Manchester is
crowded and the situation looks grave.
SWIFTEST TORPEDO
BOAT OF HER SIZE
The Dahlgren Attains a Speed of
Thirty-One Knots an Hour
During a Trial.
BATH, Me., Oct. 24.— 8y attaining a
speed of thirty-one knots an hour during
several hours' trial to-day the new tor
pedo boat Dahlgren obtained her trial re
quirements and proved herself a very able
boat. At the same time she made better
time over a mile cour^p than has ever
been reached by a torpedo boat of her
size in the world. To-day's trial was
made under very favorable conditions.
DIZZY B^v 1
spellsJctN
("^l I 1/ LMK When' ac 1
I-// I/ I fltf companie-d
I II a li Hi by periodl-
I I— I / lA"*™» ca l head-
13/ /k* M aches (Big.
I I *~7 /* j> fij S), sunken
L_, / / / M eyes (Fl^-
"Till A/ / Is thin face
Nj\W\\ / / 'BF (F ig . 6),
/^\,\\ . / I /-• ■ f fluttering of ■
S. XI Ml ■/■ ' heart (Fig.
S\ I M I I 1 5), bloating
\ j\ lain of ' stomach I
\ y\\\ M / / 1 and pains )
X If] / /\ (Fig. 4).
>-// I / / V ' I paln and
VN/ I / / \ weakness In
y \J I 111 111 small of i
JXlll 11,/ I I I back (Fig. |
X /// I/ / I 3). weak- !
■ Vl ill \ I ness of
-<Cj / I / I I I limbs (Fig.
Ji^l 111 I " I cat( ' that
j^cJ 111 1 serious Ner-
i-n] Ifl I >'<>us Trou-
"' II I/ / 'I I Me " threat-
-1 Til I I ' HUPYAN
-J\ IC I 1 V CURES.
•^\l\ JS \ *"^^*^jjj(i prostra-
v\ ttfj tlon- fol->
wk '^^^ lows "■ •■
" • V-— . simple ®|
HUDYAN-AI! Dru(i iBts, 5Cc. -
; ' Men and Women. tion.'" . •
BE WARNED IN TIME-HUDYAN WILL :
CURE YOU.
"HUDYAN restores nerve force, strength and
vigor. HUDYAN promotes sound sleep, and re-
moves that feeling of gloom, despondency and
fear of impending evil. HUDYAN restores" a
healthy glow to" won. pale complexions. HUD-
YAX makes one feel thnt life is worth living; 1
it makes - one feel young and look young, be.-
cause It Insures a perfect activity of all the or-
gans of the body. . ', . • . ■""• . "' •, ; ;
HUDYAN-^all drugKifits--f.no a cacka'ge; six
packages $2 50." If your; druggist does not keep
it. send .direct to HUDYAN REMEDY COM-
PANY, ■'■ corner Stockton, . Ellis . and Market
streets, v San Francisco, Calif. -
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS -FREE
OF CHARGE CALL' OR WRITE. - *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A "great™ restorative, invigora-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the' km
Beys and Bladder.* Sells on Its own Merit* ■
NABER. ALFB & BRUNE Acent,
323 Market street, S. F.-(Send for Circular )
-____ -=-^
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
EACLESDN<gCO.
Opening of
New
Fall and Winter
Underwear, j
Shirts, Cloves, ,
Hosiery,
Neckwear, Etc.
Reliable Goods.
. Popular Prices.
748=750 Market St.
] 242 Montgomery St.
FORTUNES *
; IN OIL
The Continental
I Oil and |
I Development Co. |
This Company was incorporated
Q as a close corporation, with only
i 6000 shares of stock.
I The Board of Directors have de-
cided to put about 1000 shares of
this stock on the market for de-
j velopment purposes. Consequently,
I a This Company was incorporated
as a close corporation, with only
6000 Ehares of stcck.
The Board of Directors ha%*e de-
cided to put about 10(m) shares of
this stock on the market for de-
velopment purposes. Consequently,
a person owning one share of stock
! will have a big interest.
The Company owns by United
States patent five 20-acre tracts in
I what is called "The Oil Basin,"
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
j ings in the entire belt. This is one
B of the few genuine opportunities
H that has been offered as an Oil rj >
S I investment.
For further particulars call on or
address :
F A. E. RUDELL, Sec.
i, 222 Sansome St., S. F. i
■ ■ Wif. CORBIN, Pres. V
o£sisgJ&3^ I will guarantee
M&SaGfir&B&k that my Rheumatism
J^SSyjSaa Cure will relieve lum-
Hg*f^ r^t bago, sciatic*, and all
fa! &s'% r heurr>atic pains in
fjsf __?_____tr*ii_rr&sT tyro or ree hours,
\r §v|*§sir nn(^ cure ' n a * ew
\ /_*&§ ayS MUNTON.
>^^^TJ||§. At all druggists,
W^J^^lf^^^ 25c - a ysal - Guide
to Health and medi-
'l I &v cal advice free.
•~\s ■ • 1505 Arch st., Phila.
NOTJCE!
Taxes Dne Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
? CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT
.. . • STATE OF CALIFORNIA, *
'--six-' SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11. 1599
In accordance with the provisions of Sectloa
3668 of the Political Code, notice is hereby
Klven • thai I have received from the Stat*
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
■ of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
; cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
j eessmenta," containing the assessments upon
: the property of each of the following named
; associations or corporations as fixed by said
i Btate Board of Equalization for the year 1593
to- wit:
i California Pacific Railroad Company. Cen-
■ tral Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Cali-
; fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
| Company, South Pacific Coast • Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company
| Southern California Motor Road Company
San Francleco and North Pacific Railway
; Company, . Southern California Railway Com-
! pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company
, North Pacific Coast Railroad Company San
i Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
I Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauee Rail-
; road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company. Nevada-Call fornia-Orei?on - Railway
Company. Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company. Pacific Coast Railway • Company
Alameda and ban Joaquin Railroad Company
Gualala.. River ■ Railroad Company. Californ'%
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
rn£XS y °i, Ca iJ forn l a - Sierra Valley Railway
Company San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
ro™J^'i Way^ C S. m , ? 3 any ' Randsburg Railway
Th? "fit. , Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all persona!
1 ? a r^ rmt n y n a ?M one T half of th State and counts
! r.«hu Mi "m r °P ecryt y are now dot an.l
Vnnlv in v wlU be delinquent on the la?t
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock D m .
r2nH H le £i Pal l tP the State Treasurer at thl
C P thS VST ° r the . reto - 6 per cent will be a<ld-l
°. t n ?I R "Vl nt , there , of - and unless so paid on
8 oVlorW n the laSt Mo "^ay in April next, at
be added P t"n Tr an add »^nal 6 per cent will
be * ddpd *7 the s mount thereof,
tare. ™ nV? ln " ? ne - hal »« State and c
n.vnhi? o-t .i 1 ' I ' Perty will be rt-
I Say In Anr I J* , dell^ u «"t on the last
l aay in April next, at 6 o'clock n m
CaDuSl P n'? \l the fitate 0 Treasurer
*• p - COLGAN. State Contrc'.ler.
J' vv vvvvvvwwwwwwvwwvvs
| iLjI^ I™B^1 ™ 8^ injection.
i A PERMANENT CURE |
5 of * h e most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea ?
C and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 » 6 5
% uays ; no other treatment required. >
. il^ Sold hy all drug^sts. 5 U
CUFF Rnt&l s^KS
wnl L IIU IHL trvssJPSk
Yallsee checked tree.PRESS CENSORSHIP
MADE MORE RIGID
Manila Papers Shall Publish Noth=
ing Regarding the Movement
of Troops.
MANILA, Oct. 24.— General orders Just
Issuer prohibit publication in the public
press here of any item of news reporting
directly or indirectly the arrival or de
parture or transfer or other movements
of troops. It permits the publication of
reports of battles or of movements com
pleted. The object of the order is to stop
the loc.nl custom of anticipating the move
ments of troops, supplies or ammunition.
Heretofore the papers were allowed to
print everything, while the cable dis
patches to American newspaper* were
sometimes detained.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— The War De
partment has received the following ca
blegram:
MANILA, Oct. 24.— Hughes reports Panay in
put-gents driven out of N«gr m, Byrne struck
•j;ie band; kille.i ten, ami captured thirteen.
The native tn-_.ps struck another band nn.l
illpd six. No casualties on the American
i 'TIS
Colonel Charles Denby, member of the
Philippine mission, called at the
State Department t his morning and paid
Ins respects to Secretary Hay. The call
was brief, because of the Secretary's de-
Fire to Ik- at the White i louse in time to
participate in the Cabinet meeting, but
<. olonel Denby was enabled to perfect ar
rangements for a meeting of the commis
sion at tin State Department the latter
part of this week. Professor •■■ ester,
he said, would reach here to-morrow or
Thursday. The commission will meet in
tli«- diplomatic reception room.
Colonel Denby went to the White House
after leaving the State Department and
saw the President for a lew moments.
lie called by appointment at the Execu
tive Mansion later in the afternoon and
had a confidential conference with the
•President relative to the situation in the
islands. Secretary Hay Informed Colonel
Denby that the President desired speedy
action by the commission. It is under
stood that when the commission assem
bles it will continue It? policy of dividing
the work among the sub-committees and
when the reports of such sub-committees
are completed they will be considered by
the entire commission in ■ ' ration of
rts report.
When in the Philippines each member of
thf commission was given certain special
subjfi'is to considt-r and investigate and
lie will make a report, giving the result
of his research and his views thereon. In
pome quarters there is a disposition to be
lieve that the President will not feel war
ranted in making public the commenda
tions of the commission as to the gov
ernment to be given the Filipinos until
the insurrection is quelled, but in official
circles it is learned that the report of the
commission will be submitted when Con
gress convenes and will accompany the
President's message.
happelle. Apostolic dele
• •■ ference
to-day. He v •
Father MeKinnon of the
lunteers. He would
Philippine [>lan?. ex-
Bail for Manila
m -, probably
early in 1 "ecember.
et meeting to-day the con
•• isury in its relation to the
RUSSIA IS READY
FOR ARBITRATION
Earing Sea Claims to Be
Adjusted.
Special I 'if patch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Russia has at last
agreed to arbitrate with the United States
the claims resulting- from the seizure of
peak-rs In the Boring Sea, which have
been pending for about eight years. A
protocol between the two Governments
has been drawn ip and the final formali
ties are expected to be concluded next
month, and the arbitration probably will
take the form of the Venezuelan court.
WASHINGTON, Oct. These Bering
Bc-a claims originated in the seizure by
the Russian authorities off the coast of
Siberia of three American sailing vessels,
and the damages claimed aggregated
about $150,000. The vessels were the
James Hamilton Lewis, the Cape Horn
Pigeon and the C. H. White. In each case
the largest Item of the claim is on account
of the' sufferings of the American officers
and rrev.s while under arrest. The cases
differ from those claims presented by
British sealers which were settled by the
luring Sea arbitration In the fact that
while the British vessels were seized by
the American revenue cutters on what
the arbitration declared to be the high
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERY woman suffering from any female trouble can be
helped by Mrs. Pinkham. This statement is based on
sound reasoning and an unrivalled record. Multitudes
of America's women to-day bless Mrs. Pinkham for competent
and common-sense advice. Write to her if you are ill. Her
: — address is Lynn, Mass. Absolutely no
(**m m m charge is made for advice. "I suffered
W^lv mL seven years and would surely have died
/o®jfJ}flß®jß<g*Brß but for your hel P" writes Mrs. Geo.
&%JrIUrMV&BLBm Bainbridge, Morea. Pa., to Mrs. Pinkham.
Cf%B Gt£.£*&f "It is with pleasure I now write to inform
m %J*m i£s li C##m you that lam now a healthy woman, thanks
\tktf%tUßtC§hM > tO yOUr *" n( * ac *vice and wonderful mcdi-
VW^MBwmBLmW cine. I can never praise it enough. I was
. — ' a constant sufferer from womb trouble, and
leucorrhoea, had a continual pain in abdomen. Sometimes I
could not walk across the floor for three or four weeks at a
time. Since using your medicine, I now have no more bear-
ing-down pains, or tired rvji J^^r^^s.
feelings, and am well and X-2=v>£ '.■■ — : — : — r ~~^"^ \ ■w\>r-< 3 Hi
taken four bottles and used I , U If
one package of Sanative
Wash and feel like a new
Chicago, 111., writes: "After two "•»<3BfsBB»si2S!^ BB ™" 1
months' trial of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I can
not say enough in praise for it. I was a very sick woman ■
with womb trouble when I began its use, but now I am well." '
stringency of the money market was dis
cussed. Nothing will be clone at present
to relieve the situation, as it Is believed
that in the natural course of events the
heavy war expenditures will reduce, the
large surplus in the treasury. .
The Cabinet decided to allow vessels
purchased by American citizens to engage
in the Philippine Interlsland trade. Under
the laws of the United States foreign ves
sels cannot engage in coastwise trade,
and as all the trading vessels in the
Philippines flew the Spanish flag much
embarrassment resulted. .Many of these
vessels have now passed into American
hands, and the Secretary of War will
shortly issue an order permitting them
to fly the American flag and enjoy all the
privileges of American register.
Information was placed before the Cab
inet showing that about 300 negroes em
ployed by Government contractors at Key
West had been thrown out of their jobs
by the yellow fever at that point and that
many of them were in destitute circum
stances ring to the suspension of work.
The contractors will be notified that they
must resume operations at least to the
extent of employing these men.
COLONEL ALLEN TO GO
TO THE PHILIPPINES
LAPORTE, Ind.. Oct. 24.— Colonel James ;
Jlen of this city left for San Francisco j
'-day in response to a dispatch from
Washington, assigning him to the com
land of the signal corps in the Phitip
ines. Colonel Allen enjoys the distinction i
f having communicated the first news
> General Greely, chief signal orticer, of i
ne presence of Cervera's fleet in the har
or of Santiago. It is said that he is
lated for rapid promotion.
Colonel Allen, who is a native-born In
lanan, he<ran bis soldier life in 1569. when '
c was named by General Packard, then
ongressman, to a cadt-tship at West j
Vint.
RECALL OF CONSUL
WILDMAN IMMINENT
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 24.— The Ore
?onian says: The recall from his post of
duty of K. Wlldman, United States Con
sul General at Hongkong, is imminent. It
Is said ho is to be relieved from duty for
pause, and the "cause" is his prominence
with the affairs of Agulnaldo, the Filipino
rebel. The successor to Wildman will be i
Dr. Edward Bedloe. United States Consul
at Canton, who was recently called to
Washington.
m
Troops Nearing San Francisco
SALT LAKE, Oct. 24.— The. last scc
:ion of the Forty-sixth Regiment, from
Boston, under command of Captain M< -
'lintock, passed through here at "> o'clock
to-night en route f«,r San Francisco. The
rhirty-eighth Regimeni from Jefferson
Barracks. Mo., passed through to-nicht.
Beas, the Russian men-of-war seized these
American vessels within seven miles oi
the Asiatic coast. If Is a matter of In
terest that for the first rim..- the Russian
Government contends that marine juris
lictlon of a country extends at least this
Hstance from the shore Instead of being
United to a marine league, as laid down
->>• the oilier writers on international law.
rhe league was tix^d originally because
t representeil the extreme, distance from
~hore that a shot could be thrown by one
>f the old cannon used in fr,; iS t defense.
md the Russians hold that the limit
should be extended to correspond to the
Increased range of modern ordnance.
The protocol through which the Arbitra
tion was arranged was prepared In St.
Petersburg by United States Minister
Tower and the Russian Foreign Office.
It was agreed by the parties that thr-re
should be but one arbitrator, and the
person selected for that post is m r. Asser,
a celebrated Dutch jurist, who took a
prominent pnrt in The Hague conference.
The case will be submitted to him Just as
Boon as the papers can be prepared' at the
State Department.
ON TRIAL FOR MURDER
Hearing of the Charge Against
Policeman Tony Rice.
FRESNO. Oct. 24.— The trial of Police,
man Tony Rico for the murder of Dan
Donnelly in the tenderloin some months
apn. is in progress b<-fore a jury in Judge
Rlsley's department of the Superior
Court. Rice is charred Jointly with Jock
Brooks. Krooks has been convicted of
murder in the second d^grep. Donnelly
fired first at Rice, who attempted to ar
rest him for disturbing the peace. Both
Rice and Brooks fired at him. and it is
not known which killed him. It is claimed
that Rice exceeded his authority. There
is a great deal of feeling on both sides in
the case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, T^EDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
TRAIN BLOWN BY GALE
FROM A HIGH BRIDGE
Heavy Loss of Life Attends Disasters Caused
bu a Terrific Tijptioon In
Japan,
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 24.— News was
brought by the steamer Rio Jun
Mam, which arrived this evening
from the Orient, of the ravages of
a terrific typhoon, said to have
been the worst ever experienced at
Tokio and Yokohama, which visited those
cities and the Japanese coast on Satur
day, October 7 and the day following.
One of the disastrous consequences was a
shocking railway accident, which oc
curred on the River Hokigawa, on the
Japan Railway Company's line.
Just as the storm was developing its
greatest force a train happened to be
crossing the iron bridge over the Hoki
gawa. This bridge, which is situated be
tween the stations of Yalta and Nozaki,
has a length of 1044 feet. The river,
though of small dimensions under ordi
nary circumstances, had been consider
ably swollen by the rains. The train,
from its exposed position on the bridge,
could not resist the pressure of the wind.
The locomotive, owing to its greater
weight, crossed safely, but all the car
riages were tumbled into the bed of the
stream, their coupling with the locomo
tive being severed. The loss of life is
estimated at between thirty and forty
and twenty-three persons were severely
wounded. Fourteen bodies have been
taken out of the wreckage of the train in
the river.
On the Toklado line there was a tidal
wave flooding the whole district and in
the Tago-No-Tra region a wall of water
twenty-five feet high swept up over the
land, "carrying death and destruction. It
NO STRIKE ON
VALLEY ROAD
Slight Grievances That
Will Be Settled.
Special TMspatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 24.— For some days
past rumors have been In circulation that
a strike on the Valley Railroad was im
minent. A large number of employes
were interviewed to-day and without ex
ception they declared that no such prop
osition was under consideration. The
men could not account for the rumors.
However, there la some dissatisfaction
among the men. especially in the me
cbanical department, over the fact that
the Santa Fe has failed to extend its
wage schedule to this recently acquired
division. „ .
"There is no ground for a strike in
which we could secure the aid of other
trainmen," said an engineer to-day. "So
long as a road is in course of construc
tion the gen« rul schedule cannot be de
manded. We have been working under
what is known as the construction
schedule. When the Point Richmond
branch is opened ami put in operation 1
doubt not that the general schedule of
- inta Fe. will be extended here. 1 am
speaking now of the trainmen or actual
operatives of the rolling stock. Even if
we had a grievance there would be no
strike The days of strikes on railroads
arc over. If we treat the company fairly
we will come out all right."
The force In the machine shops has
cut down one-half and It is
understood that the muchinery is to be
removed to Albuquerque and only enough
left hefe to do emergency repairs. As
many of the men had been working for
two "years in the hope of advancement,
the decision of the company came to them
;,s Lad luck and left them in no very good
humor. As a matter of fact there are
only about twenty regular engineers, con
ductors and liremen at present in the em
ploy of the company, and should they
Wave their places could be promptly
filled. Many of the employes have every
reason to be loyal to the company and not
<4iiibble over any decision the company
may make. Several of them had be<n
out of employ since the big strike and
\v.>re takm on regardless of how they
might have been marked on the old com
pany's lists. I'ndoubtedly there is dis
satisfaction among some of the men. but
the idea of a strike Is laughed at. There
have been some agitators and one or two
men quit last payday in a huff, but even
though the situation might become
strained the men say they would send a
committee to headquarters and do not
doubt that any differences would be ad
lusted satisfactorily to all concerned.
GENERAL PANDO CHOSEN
PRESIDENT OF BOLIVIA
Revolutionary Leader Elected by a
Majority of Two in the Cham
ber of Deputies.
LIMA, Peru. Oct. 24.— 1n the Peruvian
Chamber of Deputies to-day a resolution
was offered In favor of including in the
budget a vote of £l<*>o as a present to
Senor Nicholas Pierola, former Presi
dent of Peru.
Advices from I^a Paz. capital of Bolivia,
announce thf> election by a vote of 55 to
57 in the Chamber of Deputies of General
Pando, the revolutionary or Federalist
candidate for the Presidency of Bolivia.
WARSHIP AT SAMOA.
German Cruiser Cormoran Ordered to
Remain at the Islands.
BERLIN. Oct. 24.— The German pro
tected cruiser Cormoran has been ordered
to nmain at Samoa.
A dispatch to the Cologne Gazette from
Apia says: "Tin- proposal to divide
i Samoa is considered here a most unhappy
I solution. Owing to the manifold interests
linking the islands to Germany it is hoped
that she will not renounce her claims."
The Neueate Nachrichten, referring to
■ day to the partition scheme, says; "How-
I ever pairful .such an eventuality would
' ho, the Germans may have to face it
i The chief difficulty is to find adequate
I compensation."
FATHER McKINNON'S MISSION.
j "Will Return to Manila With Arch
bishop Chapelle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.-Father Mc-
Klnnon, chaplain of the First California
Regiment, was accorded a long interview
with President McKinley this morning.
' He has been asked to return to Manila
. with Archbishop Chapelle and will do so.
! It is expected he will be of great as
! Hlstance to the Archbishop.
GIFT OF CLAUS SPRECKELS.
Deeds of a Schoolhouse and Land to
the Citizens of Aptos.
SANTA CRI'Z. Oct. «.— Claus Spreckels
to-day deeded to the trustees of the Ap
tos school district a schoolhouse and land
valued at $3000. The building has just been
completed and has all modern Improve
ments.
Very Heavy Rainfall.
WOODLAND. Oct. 24.— 1t has been ten
years since the October rainfall was bo
heavy as It has been up to date this
season. In Western Yolo, especially In
Capay Valley, the heavy rain last Friday
night temporarily stopped the farmers
from plowing. But once before in the his
tory of the county, bo far as the records
_»kow, has this occurred in October.
devastated the following districts:
Mayeda-Shinden, Tago, Nakamaru and
Sameshtma.
In the Moto-Toshiwara regions the dis
tricts devastated were Tanaka-Shinden,
Suzukawa and Kashiwa-Mura, and in the
Jmaido region Mayeda-Shinden (there
appear to be two districts of this name)
and Shinhama. Fifty-three persons were
killed, thirty-six severely Injured and 150
slightly injured.
The wave piled up such a quantity of
sand at the mouth of the Xuma River
that the river was dammed and over
flowed its banks, producing an inundation
of large dimensions. Numbers of houses
were swept away and all that is to be
seen of those remaining is the roofs.
In Tokio and vicinity the damage was
extensive and a number of lives were lost.
Along the coast hundreds of houses were
destroyed and many craft lost. At Oiso
and Koiso the storm was felt with ex
treme violence, the sea sweeping over the
land. At Oiso the steamer t'mezawara
Maru foundered, and all on board, four
teen, were lost.
Here, too, the villas of Viscount Oki
Moukata, Dr. Mitchell and a number of
foreign-owned residences were leveled to
the, ground. The steamers Shinagawa
Maru and Fushlki Maru, both from Kobe
to Yokohama, were damaged and the cap
tain of the latter, an American, was in
jured by being thrown from the bridge.
Two hundred fishing junks were
wrecked at Xamazu.
At Yokohama, although that port did
not encounter the full force of the ty
SHAMROCK MAKES
READY TO DEPART
Lipton to Build Another
Challenger.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Captains Ho
garth and Wringe and the crew of tne
yacht Shamrock were at work to-day
packing the sails nn<! coiling up the gear
of the yacht, ready to be shipped with the
spars to Southampton about the time the
Shamrnrk sails for the other side. The
d.itc now set la next Tuesday, when the
Erin also will be ready to go. Captain
Hogarth expects to replace the racing
mast with the jurymast to-morrow. Men
were at work to-day putting In the braces
which arc to support the yacht below on
her Atlantic passage.
At Prospect Hall. Brooklyn, to-night,
the captains and crew of the Columbia
and Shamrock were entertained by the
Yachts Masters' and Knglnecrs' Associa
tion. A dinm r and a smoker were also
held.
An Informal luncheon. In honor of Sir
Thomas Upton, owner of the Shamrock,
w;is given to-day in the rooms of the
Transportation Club In the Manhattan
Hold, a number of railway and steam
boat transportation officers were present.
Senator Depew, president of the club, re
ceived the guest. The Senator in an ad
dress said:
No man has contributed so much to the
speed of England and bo much to exhilarate
this country a? Sir Thomas. He wanted that
cup. We stopped twisting the lion's tail a
year ago and this year we had to stick pins
in the eai^le. The result has been satisfac
tory to tfco eagle.
It is the sporting: spirit in its best sense
that carries Kngland's flag and the spirit '>f
Knglaml over the world, and it is the sport
ins spirit in Its best sense that carries our
flag to the other side of the world. The same
feeling that stirred us when we received the
news of the battle of San Juan stirred us
three or four days ago, when we received
news of the fighting in the Transvaal.
In reply Sir Thomas said he was deeply
moved by the sincere greeting extended
him. Said he:
I have been asked If I would challenge
afrain Unfortunately Mr. Fife, the designer
of Shamrock, has been sick and we have not
had the benefit of his advice during the whole
series of races. After the last race he was
too ill to be told, although I suppose he knows
now.
Now, gentlemen, I am prepared to make an
other challenge when Mr. Fife regains his
health and I can discuss the matter with
him.
ALLEGES FRAUD AND
SUES FOR PROPERTY
Cristanto Castro Charged With Hav
ing Deceived His Sister to
Gain Her Land.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 24.— A suit Involving
about $50,000 worth of property at Moun
tain View, this county, was filed in the
Superior Court here to-day by Mrs. An
gela Castro, an aged Spanish woman.
The defendants are Crlstanto Castro, the
plaintiff's brother, and A. V. Fatjo, who
holds, in escrow, deeds to the property
mado by Mrs. ("astro to her brother. The
property in question consists of 185 acres
of farming land near Mountain View,
valued at over $30,000 and nearly 100 lots
in town, worth about $12,000.
Mrs. < 'astro alleges in hor complaint
that mi November 16, lSi»6, Cristanto Cas
tro Induced her to deed the property to
him as she was feeble and physically
weak, being SI years of age. She states
the deeds were merely made in trust
so that he could handle her business,
but she alleges that her brother has
placed the deeds on record, taken pos
session of the lands, usurped the rents
and profits and threatens to soil the lands.
She seeks to have the deeds canceled
and s<-t aside.
Similar action has been begun by Maria
Jos. -fa Castro de Davidson. Vicente Soto,
Angela Castro and Mariano Soto against
the same defendant. Cristanto Castro.
These plaintiffs are heirs of Mercedes
Castro, a sister of Mrs. Angeia Castro,
and they allege that th*ir uncle also de
prived them of about the same amount
of property.
SCENES OF DISORDER,
Acrimonious Debate in the Austrian
Reichsrath.
VIENNA. Oct. 24.— A scandalous scene
was witnessed in the Austrian Reichs
rath to-day, growing out of the acrimoni
ous discussion of the language question.
The Minister of Justice. Hr-rr Kindinger,
was literally bombarded with papers by
his opponents, amid shouts of "Resign!"
The uproar finally became indescribable
and the president of the chamber closed
the sitting.
Changes for Naval Officers.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.— Captain Sigs
bee is to be relieved of the command of
the Texas about December 1 and asslgr.ed
to duty in the Navy Department
as chief of the Bureau of Naval Intelli
gence, relieving Commander Richard
Clover. The latter will go to
London as naval attache of the
United States Embassy there, relieving
Lieutenant Commander J. c. Colwell,
whose term of shore duty has expired.
Less Damage Than Expected.
WOODLAND. Oct. 24.— The clear, cold
weather and prevailing north wind are
minimizing the damage to the raisin crop
and the wheat in sacks piled along the
river and railroad tracks for shipment.
Unless there should be another storm
soon the damage will not be so heavy as
at nrst estimated.
phoon, It sustained considerable damage.
While the storm lasted the force of the
wind was terrific and the scene in the
harbor, especially outside the defense
works, was remarkable. Great seas rolled
over the breakwater. The French mail
steamer Tonkin collided with the Ham
burg-American steamer Serbia, both be
ing- damaged, and havoc was played with
the yachts anchored in the harbor. The
town was flooded, the water being in
many places kneedecp.
The storm had Its origin where many
storms have been born— in the Riukla
Islands. The depression declared itself
first on the 4th inst., but showed a dispo
sition to pass into the Pacific, and hopes
were entertained that Japan might thu.s
escape without any serious visitation. On
the 6th, however, the center began to
move in a northeasterly direction and it
was then evident that these islands would
be invaded. That night the center reached
Oshima, and on the seventh the storm
swept into the southeast corner of Kiu
shu. Thenceforth it coasted along the
east of Kiushu and Shikoku, the center
probably following a maritime course
and only the skirt of the storm being felt
on shore. But the curve of the main
island brought it nearer the path of the
depression's center, and when the ty
phoon, after crossing from Shikoku,
struck the shore again in the neighbor
hood of Hamada, the winds were exceed
ingly violent. All along the eastern coast
the effects must have been felt very se
verely.
IS SHOT DEAD
DURING A ROW
T. D. Perry of Liberty,
Or., Killed.
Bp»cial Dispatch to The Call.
SAL.EM, Or., Oct. 24.-Joseph A. Wil
lard proved himself a good marksman to
day when he killed T. D. Perry at Perry's
farm near Liberty, four miles south of
Salem. The killing was the result of a
row over a lease.
An examination to-night by the physi
cians showed that four of the five bullets
fired by Wlllard entered Perry's body,
three of them in vital places. One en
tered Perry's heart, another punctured
both lungs," the third passed through sev
eral intestines and the fourth lodged in
the left arm.
Willard rented Perry's farm and a con
troversy had existed between them as to
the time the lease expired. Perry going
so far as to threaten to kill Willard. Both
men met at the farm to-day and after a
few words Perry reached into his hip
pocket as if about to draw a gun. Wil
lard fired without hesitation, and as a
result Perry now lies on a slab at the
morgue.
After the shooting Willard gave him
sf-lt" up to Sheriff Durbin and is now in
jail. Both men were residents of Salem.
Perry, who is about 55 years old, left a
widow and two children.
Coroner Clough will hold an inquest to
morrow.
TROUBLES OF PARSON
AND HIS PARSONAGE
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 24.— The Rev. Mr.
Howell, pastor of the M. E. churches at
St. Lawrence and at Miller, S. D., at
tempted last Friday to move the parson
age from St. I^awrence to Miller and was
arrested on the complaint of some people
of St. Lawrence. To-day a number of
Methodist women of Miller, accompanied
by the Sheriff and a gang of workmen,
w"ent to St. Lawrence to get the par
sonage building and take it to Miller.
Senator King, l>r. Taylor and Mr. Ix>omis
of St. Lawrence were arrested by Miller
people on the charge or intimidating la
borers. The women are supposed to-night
to be on their way to Miller with the par
sonage. The pastor is still under ar
rest.
Dixon-McGovern Date Changed.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Oct. 24.— Tom
O'Rourke. representing George Dixon, and
Sam Harris, representing Terry^McGov;
crn, to-night agreed to change the date
of the battle between the two champions
for the feather-weight championship of
the world from February 6 to January 9.
The men will fight at 118 pounds at the
Lenox Athletic Club, New York, for a
purse of $10,000. McGovern's forfeit will
be posted to-morrow, and the change of
date will be made In the articles as soon
as McGovern returns to New York at the
end of the week.
Married Near Woodland.
WOODLAND, Oct. 24.— J. W. Summers
of Visalia and Miss Mattie Cramer of Yolo
County were married near Woodland at
2 o'clock to-day. They left on the after
noon train for San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART DISEASE.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart trouble, at least among the Amer-
icans, is certainly increasing, and while
this may be largely due to the excite-
ment and worry of American business
life. It is more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real organic disease is incurable; but
not one case in a hundred of heart trou-
ble Is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves —
the. Sympathetic and Pneumogastric.
In another way^ also the heart is af-
fected by the form of pf>or digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended sto-
mach on the heart and lungs, interfering
with their action; hence arises palpitation
and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble Is to Improve the digestion and
to Insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pfeasant and
effective digestive preparation, like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may
be found at most drug stores, and which
contain valuable, harmless digestive ele-
ments in a pleasant, com'enient form.
It is safe to say that the regular per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at mealtime will cure any form of sto-
mach trouble except cancer of the sto-
mach.
Full sized package of these tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents. Little book on
stomach troubles mailed free. Address F.
A, Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. j
PURCHASED DEATH
WITH THEIR FARES
Two Passengers on the Schooner
Hera From Cape Nome Perish
of Starvation.
SEATTLE, Oct. 24.— After a voyage of I
twenty-eight days from Cape Nome, dur
ing which time two men died of starva
tion and others were half crazed by want j
of food and water, the schooner Hera ar
rived in port this morning with nearly 200 '
passengers on board. News of the :
wretched plight of the Hera's passengers |
was brought in on Sunday night by the !
steamer Lakme. The revenue cutter
Grant and the tug Sea Lion Immediately j
started after the schooner. They suc
ceeded in finding her yesterday |
about fifty miles off Cape Flattery.
The two deaths reported were those of
J. S. Ryan, who came on board a well
man, but through bad food and lack of '
attention gradually grew worse until he :
died on October I<s. The other case is i
much the same. George Lamhy, through ;
want of nourishment and confinement in j
ill-ventilated quarters, was attacked by j
typhoid fever and died on October 21. j
While he was sick he had absolutely no j
medical attention. Both men were buried j
at sea.
From the statement of other passengers :
it is learned that the agent of the ship at j
HORSE THIEF SHOT
BY PURSUING OFFICER
As the Criminal Falls He Attempts
to Swallow Poison From a
Bottle He Carried.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 24.— Marshall
Dethridge of Oakesdale to-day shot in
the back and probably fatally wounded
a horsethief he was pursuing. As the
robber fell he grabbed a bottle 1 of poison
from an inner pocket and swallowed a
portion of the contents before he could
be restrained. The officer hurried the
man to the nearest physician. Emetics
were given and other means taken to pre
vent fatal effects from the poison. The
bullet wound, however, is expected to
prove fatal, although the robber is still
alive.
The Marshal was acting under tele
phoned instructions from Colfax that a
thief had stolen a team and buggy there.
The man was discovered at the outskirts
of town. He refused to surrender and
attempted to escape when the Marshal
nred. The bullet penetrated the back
near the t spine and low down. The wound
ed man refuses to give his name. He de
stroyed all identity, even eating the
leaves of a book in his pocket that might
identify him. In the buggy there was
found a couple of saddles and bridles, and
two sets of harness evidently stolen. The
Sheriff is expected here this evening and
if able to be moved he will take the pris
oner to Colfax.
J. H. FRIEDLANDER, DEAD.
Brother of the Theatrical Manager
Passes Away.
SPOKANE. Oct. 24.-S. H. Friedlander.
manager of the California Theater, left
for home to-night. He was called here by
the illness of his brother, J. H. Fried
lander, and reached the latter's bedside
1 shortly before his death. J. H. Fried
j lamier was a prominent fruit grower and
j farmer of Wilbur, Lincoln County, this
State,
|pX|| is a "Yeargood" overcoat if you intend 1111
IPII to pay under 2 v°°. because there is Bill
gill value for every cent you pay — nothing rail
|p||l| One advantage in a "Yeargood" over-
R^a coat is our year's repairing guarantee. Illff
I|||i But besides this is the excellent fllsi
I^l values which make them desirable. By ffi^f
l^^j making all our clothing ourselves we ■ ifrai|l
save you money. We save you enough rawa
»M| so hat you can see the saving yourself Wjjm
ifcifi — it doesn't require a clothing expert to (tfjrol
|wfl see what values the overcoat* are. bIiIIS
affl^ We have them in all cloths that 1S&1
|jS§|i overcoats are made of, and prices 1^«1
" jrii! ran S e rom 12 -^° to $2^.00. iSii
Boys 9 Reefer Suits. §|||
»^^S H? re's a clothing value that is an exceptional value. SiH
flulgm We hay? several Fine Reefer Suits, only in siz»s ? i^^
KM to 6 years. They have been sold tor $3.25, $3.50, $3.75 Snl
§S3SSa| $4.00 and $4.50 a suit. Patterns are Drown and gray $f*l
H^LXJ mixtures neatly trimmed with soutache. Now having W&W
Sr only small sizes, we will sell the suits for * *5?Vtl
m^j^ Remember, for boys from 3 to 6 only. ■ *
m (flt)SXWooDBCof|p£) H
\*ndy "7IS MARKET S~T \^Lo^/ B^SI
H^^i^ Out-of-town orders filled — write us. Illiiffi
Nome guaranteed them plenty of good
provisions on the way down. Vhey wero
charged <50 for their passage.. When they
were a few days out the meat, sugar and
butter ran out. Their meals consisted of
salt horse and a small supply of canned
mutton. There was a little dried fruit on
board, but only enough to supply the
table three times with dried peaches and
twice with dried prunes. From ihat time
on, for nearly twenty-four days, their
food consisted of flour and coffee. There
was plenty of flour, but the water ■was
short. Four days ago the last of the un
palatable salt horse was consumed. Had.
it not been for rainstorms, which fell for
a few days, they would have been with
out water also.
When the Hera anchored out In the
stream the majority of the men were so
weak that they could not carry tneir gold
dust ashore without assistance. Several
passengers were crazed from their terrible
experiences, and had to be carried ashore
and taken care of. Even taking their
terrible voyage into consideration, the
passengers unite in declaring Nome to be
the greatest camp on earth, and many of
them will return in the spring.
BREASTWORK ABOUT
THE TOWN OF NACO
] Mexican Authorities Preparing to
Resist Threatened Attack by the
Cowboys.
BISBEE, Ariz., Oct. 24.— Intense excite
ment has reigned among both American
and Mexican residents at Naco all day to-
I day. The Mexican garrison was rein
! forced late last night by detachments of
infantry and cavalry from La Marita and
i Magdalena. As soon as the additional
; forces arrived the Mexicans began pre
paring for an attack. They threw up
! breastworks around the town, extending
i to within 300 feet of the boundary line.
' Several field pieces were also rolled into
; position and the works were manned by
; a cordon of soldiers with an advance line
j of mounted pickets thrown out to patrol
i the border and keep a lookout for the in
vaders.
Babe Thompson, the recognized leader
;of the cowboys, has counseled them
, against making an assault on the Mcxl-
I can works until every means has been
: exhausted to secure the release of the
two prisoners without resort to violence.
Judge Mendoza held court last night
I and sent word across the border that he
i had decided to release Joseph Rhodes on
| a bond of $S(XiO. The bond was promptly
1 made and Rhodes was surrendered to his
j friends. George Maarts is still being held
, and the indications now are that he will
i also be released within a few hours.
SUICIDE BY HANGING.
Mrs. Susan Bitchley Ends Her Life
at the Napa Asylum.
NAPA, Oct. 24.— Mrs. Susan Ritchley,
a native of California, aged 39 years, and
an inmate of the Napa State Hospital,
committed suicide by hanging In the bath
room of her ward at noon to-day. She
was committed to the institution June 11.
1899. from Humboldt County, where her
relatives reside. Her husband resides in.
San Francisco.
34
Idest
JENKINS
WINS WITH
WARRENTON
Box Beaten a Short Head in
a Handicap Event at
Aqueduct.
3peclal< Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— fourth race,
a handicap at a mile and a sixteenth for
three-year-olds and upward, was the fea
ture of the caxtl at Aqueduct to-day. Box
was favorite at 7 to 5, with Charentus
second choice and Warrenton the best
backed of Hi*! others. They were Bent
off to a {rood start and Box went out to
make the running. He showed the way
up the back stretch and around Into the
stretch, with Warrentom and Charen
tus within striking distance. When
straightened out every boy rode, his hard
est, and <n a lierce drive through the last
sixteenth the three ran head and head.
Jenkins landed Warren. ton a winner by
a short head from Box, who was only a
neck before Charentus. Only one favor
ite won. Results:
Five and one-half furlon*!»— won,
Belle of Lexington second, Bold One third.
Time. 1:08.
Celling one and a sixteenth miles—
Plaid won. Leawln second. Time, 1:88.
About seven [■longs, selling— Alvarado II
won Uncl* Louis second, Athamas third.
Time, 1:27 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— "Warrenton won,
Box second, Charentus third. Time, 1:49 2-3.
One mil* and seventy yards, selling— Emigre
won. Sister Fox second. Our Nellie third.
Time. 1:47 2-5.
Five furlongs— Fleuron won, . Cupidity second,
Punoll third. Time, 1:02 3-6.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 24.— After Anna Bain
won the Covington Autumn stakes for
two-year-olds at Latonia to-day she was
bid up from JluOO to $1500 by "Umbrella"
Bill McGuiganJ Mi . Baker, one of her
owners, bid the filly in at that price. Ten
high-class two-year-olds contested for the
stake and it was a grand race through
out. Anna Bain won driving' hard, with
the next six horses • • hind her in a close
bunch. .She covered the distance five
nnd a half furlongs— ln 1:07%; which is the
fastest time for tho distance at the meet
ing Weather pleasant. Track very fast.
Results:
Six furlong*, polling-— A.be Furst won, Decide
second. Apple Jack third. Time. 1:35V4.
Five and a half furlongs— Stiles won. Profit
second. Woodtrice third. Time. 1:09^.
One mile and seventy yard?, handicap—Hit
tick won, Jolly Roger second, Donald Bain
third. Time. 1:45%:
The Covington Autumn stakes, for two-year
olds, five and a half furlongs, value $1210— Anna
Bain won. Unsightly second, John Yerkes third.
Tim-?. 1:07%.
Mile nnd a quarter, celling— Jessie S won,
Kodac second, Elsina third. Time, 2:07%.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Creation won, Mission second,
Antoinctta third. Time, 1:16.
One mile— Ed Tipton won. Fantasy second,
Sam Lazarus Esf). third. Tim*. l:40 i.
Five and a half furlongs— Harry Thimbu m
won, OCiinn.-ll second, Algeretta third. Time,
1:07.
Mile and a sixteenth— Bonneville won. Tommy
O'Brien second. Canaoe third. Time, 1:48%.
Five and a half furlongs— A ilanto won, Lady
Curzon second, Tom Gllmore third. Time,
Mil- and one-eighth— Uw Hopper won, Eg
bert second. Plantain third. Time. l:sf>V-
ENGLISH JOCKEYS OUTCLASSED
LONDON, Oct. 24.— At ihe opening of the
Newmarket Houghton meeting to-day a
trial plate was •won by Tovaros, 10 to l.
ridden by Li. Reiff. Tarolyta, 5 to 4, with
Sloan up. llnished second.
Aqua-sutulum won the Old Nursery
etakes. Down Hampden, 12 to 1. ridden,
by Martin, was second. Peaches with
Sloan up, was unplaced.
Sibola. 7 to 2, ridden by Sloan, won the
Scarboro stakes. Boniface, with 1.. Reiff
up, was second.
Dark David won the Welter handicap.
Sloan rode Myakka and was unplaced.
Poulter, 10 to 1. ridden by J. Reiff. and
Blenn ran a dead hrat for a selling plate,
the heat subsequently being run off. re
sulting In a victory for Poulter, ridden
by Martin.
Pkopos. 11 to 4, ridden by .1. R^iff.
finished first for the Lim<> Kiln stakes.
Solitaire was second and Sweet -uarjorie,
witli Martin up, was third. The betting
was 5 to 2 against Sweet Marjorie.
Sloan rode Old Buck in the race for the
Criterion stakes and finished second. St.
Nydia took first place. The betting was 8
to 1 against Old Buck.
Frank Bogash's Ffist Mile.
COIAJMI3US. Ohio, Oct. 24.— "Fra/ik Bo-
Ig-ash, appearing to-day at the harness
races in progress here for an exhibition
mile, covered the distance ■:■:; :■■•••! in 2:04
flat, lowering his record a quarter of a
second. The crack pacer is in better con
dition than at any time during the sea-
Bon. The track to-day vitas very fast.
Dependable Drugs
Quality in
Quantity
In medicine, quality is every-
thing. We buy only the best
qualities and buy in quantity.
: It's buying in quantity that
secures the lowest cash prices.
And it's buying quality that
•keeps our customers, always
customers.
Thompson's Dandelion and
Celery Tonic keeps the or-
gans of digestion in healthy,
regular action. Regularly ?i. GOC
Extract of Witch Hazel— A
pint bottle of this useful
household remedy for all
pains. 25c
A large box of Seidlitz Pow-
ders. Fresh, active powders,
. full strength. 25c
Citrate of M.ignesja — Pint
bottle, put up fresh daily. 20C
Pond's Extract, 40 cents.
Maltines, 85 cents.
Peruna, 85 cents.
Williams' Pink Pills, 40 cents.
Pierces Prescription, 75 cents.
Pierces Discovery-, 75 cents.
Kilmer's Swamp Root, 40 cents.
Eskay's Food. 20 cents.
Mellin's Fpod— large, 55 cents.
Hood's SarsaparilJa, 75 cents.
Aver's Sarsaparilla, 75 cents.
Pmkham's Compound, 75 cents.
' Free delivery to raiiroaj points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
J^M 1128 MARKET ST.
10th and BROADWAY, o«kl»wo
jCateat Z/iecorcto 9/facie tn the 3*ield of Sport
RAINIER DID
NOT RECEIVE
A TASTY RIDE
Buchanan Suspended for His
Effort on the Rat-Tailed
Horse.
Thwe were not many actual surprises
at Oakland yesterday, even If two rather
pronounced choices were counted out.
Lothian and Rainier proved the disap
pointments, but this downfall was
prophesied by several of the close hanal
cappera. The track is gradually becoming
dried out. and the sport afforded nothing
bordering on the sensational.
About as rusty a rfo> as any furnished
during the afternoon was the ono put up
by Buchanan aboard Kami or In the mlle
and-a-slxteenth Belling run, captured by
FestOßO. The latter, the entry of J.
Naglee Burke, was quite the good thing
in tho bolting, being played from 10 to i,
and the Wfidldle gluing led from start
to finish. Oraibee in a drive led Qlen
Anne out for the place. Rainier, the
favorite, seemed overflowing with speed,
but contrary to orders Buchanan made
no effort to take the lead from Festoso,
and after rating along in second place
allowed himself to be cut oft*. He eventu
ally finished fourth, and earned suspen
sion for his effort.
The big rogue Bamboulia took tho open-
Ing scramble for two-year-olds in a gallop
from The Echo. He closed favorite in the
ring, ami led tho Artillery fllly out wlth
considerable to spare. Jolly Briton ran
a fair third, coming from back in the
bunch.
In the seven furlong selling: run Kio
Chlco ran like the hursen the Watson
boys used to bet on, making an end to
iftair of :t. Slnk f s entry receded from
Ift and galloped home. Lothian, tho
■!, choice, with Johnny Ranch in
the saddle, dlv his best, beating I^'u Rey
out a head for the place. The last-named
colt la one that will improve and bears
watching.
Th< six and a half furlong number de
veloped the fact that fairly good two
year-olds ran beat a mediocre assortment
of selling platers about this period of the
year. My Gypsy picked up 75 pounds and
Johnny Ranch and ran away with the
purse. In the Btretch, Anchored tired
and Ailenna. the other two-year
• Id entry, led him out for second place.
ftering also ran.
i barley Thorpe bad his only mount In.
the lo pllotli ■ Rice over tho
In front. Tl | rinter had his
rubbed from 9 to •' to even money
fay iritism, and was n< ver headed. Dona
tor, well handled by Johnny Woods,
■ ■ ! along fr<>m fifth position, dispos
f L.'st Girl for the place. Reolla and
Polish ran as if in need of a rest.
TRACK NOTES.
Buchanan was suspended for his effort
astride Rainier. According to the state
ment of Dr. O'Rourke, the horse's owner,
Buchanan did not ride to instructions or
make any effort to <]<> so. On the con
trary, it looked as if the boy went out of
the way to get his mount beaten.
The Western Turf Association's first
list of kes, which will be run during
November and December, will close to
day. The management of the new racing
venture announce that the track will open
on November 4.
Jim Morgan, the crack Montana jockey,
arrived yesterday and will '..•• seen in the
saddle to-day. Morgan was the sensa
tion of the East last spring, until he got
.-: hard fall while riding Squire Abingdon,
suffering a compound fracture of the
shoulder. On more than one occasion he
nearly caused Spencer to fall, off his
mount, beating that well-known rider in
several desperate finishes. Morgan has
Cherokee blood in his veins, and it Is un
necessary to a?k if he is trying.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Three-year-olds and upward, sell
ing; three-quarters of a mile.
]S<2 San Carlos 107 ... Don Vallejo 104 !
... Ricardo 1"4 147 Prince A 99
192 Gen. Arthur 03 1 193 Shannonette .... OS
175 Alaska — 101 49 Com. Traveler. 107
390 Chas. I*- 8e1. ..104 ISO Sylvan Lass. ...101'
177 Starling ' 104 107 Wllmeter .... 107
182 My Dear S3| ,
Second race — ages, purse; three-quarters
of a mile.
201 Modwena 102 (203)Bamboulia 91
176 Satsuma 110 i (132) Southern Girl... 91
Third race— Three-year-olds and upward, sell
ing: three-quarters of a mile.
IS2 Indra 110 ... Coda 104
182 Shellac 104 181 Lona Marie 104
136 Plan 1M 131 Meadow Lark.. 104
176 Sal. Goodwin... 110 (lS2).Sybarls 104
146 Chihuahua 10 ■% ... Be Happy.. 104
Fourth race — Three-year-olds and upward,
selling; one mile and a sixteenth.
207 Donator 104' ... Forte • 97
199 P. A. Finnegan.lo4: 192 Una Colorado... 97
200 Rainier 95!
Fifth race— Two-year-olds, purse; seven
elßhths of a mile.
143 Bit of Fashion. ins (179) Bathos 11l
Ul3)Princess %?ika,lol|
Sixth race— Four-year-olds and upward, sell
ing; one mile.
190 Ringmaster .... 93! (175)Whitcomb 95
153 Marplot 96' 201 Montallade 93
207 Lost Girl 102' 190 Magnus 93
195 Morinel 105 j 134 Rosinante . 105
195 New Moon 98 ... Billy McCloskey 96
117 Dare II 96|
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Commercial Traveler, Rlcardo,
Bhannonette.
Second — Southern Girl, Satuuma, Mod
wena.
Third race— Sallle Goodwin, Chihuahua, Plan.
Fourth race— Rainier, Forte, P. A. Finnegan.
Fifth race— Bit of Fashion, Princess 7.>!ka,
Bathos.
Birth race— Roslnante, Marplot, Mortnel.
Beer Killers Fined.
The State Fish and Game Commission
ers have long recognized I^ake County as
ono of the worst localities In California
In the matter of violations of the game
laws. Men there have killed deer and
feathered game without regard to the
Ftatutes or seasons, and recently a move
was made to bring some of the hunters
to justice. The close season for the pro
:. of deer began on the ISth in-st.. and
Deputy Kercheval was Bent to the.
\y Valley district. He was not there
long before he caught three hungers with
the evidence of guilt In their possession,
they having Just nhot two deer. The
prisoners were Ben Woodruff. T. F. Burke
;u;<i Ike Kerr. The fellows pleaded guilty
hofore Justice Thompson and paid fines
of $20 each.
Winners of Covelo Races.
rovETX), Oct. 24.— Results of to-day's
Five furlongs, purse $60— Dennis won,
Redwood second, Oahu third. Time, 1:06.
Five furlongs, purse J2W— Robin Hood
won, Molly A second, Sam Mount third
Time, 1 :<"iS.
Half mile, purse $lf.O— lron Brew won,
Ninety-two second. Birdie third. Tinie,:sl.
TROOPS TO BE WITHDRAWN.
Military Forces Will Soon Retire
From Their Post at Wardner.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.-Governor
Steunenberg of Idaho had another confer,
enco with the Secretary of War this after
noon in regard to the withdrawal of the
Federal troops in Idaho. Governor Steun
enberg has protested very earnestly
against the withdrawal, but Secretary
Root haa named November 1 as the lat
est date at which the troops will do guard
duty over the riot prisoners. It 1b not an
nounced that the troops will be with
drawn altogether from Idaho or from the
Coeur d'Alene country on that date, but
It is not likely that they will bo kept away
from their home posts much longer.
♦—
Sues the Southern Pacific.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 24.-N. Sambuck
began suit in the Superior Court to-day
against tho Southern Pacific Company
for $6000 damages for Injuries alleged to
have been Huatalnwi in the railroad colli
sion at Capitola. September 13 last. He
alleges that he was a pa«»eng©r on the
train and through tho force of the colli
sion wan thrown forcibly from his -seat
causing wound* -'and bruises- preventing
him tpilpwlnv usual vocaUou. - -
TnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAUD RACETRACK, Tuesday, October 24, 1899.— Twenty -
seventh day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track slow.
JOS. A. MURPHY— Judge. ' J. B. FERGUSON— Starter.
QflO FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; puree, $300.-
j '. ~ j " i Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. %m. %m. 9*m. Str. Fin. [ '• Jockeys. Op- Cl.
1S3 Bamboulla 103 2 ... 18 12 13-14 J. Ward:..:... 7-6 11-5
125 The Echo 106 3 ... 21 23 24 28 Ruiz 2 2
194 Jolly Briton 95,1 ... 5% 52 5 2 32 Mounce 10 20
172 Corolla 95,4 ... 61 61 3% 43 , Ranch 4 18-5
187 Lorello 95 8 ... 7% 72 72 52 Walnwrlght .. 15 100
173 Miss Vera 101 6 ... 32 4 1 41 6% Songer 5- 8
194 Giro 9"-! 5 ... 41 3% 61 71 Coburn 6 8
IS' Ella du Poy 95 7 ... 8 8 8 8 T. Walsh 15 25
Time— To M. :22; to H. :46V_: short M. 1:12%. Good start. Won galloping. Second and
third driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels' b. C, by Puryear D-Llsta Hock.
Bamboulla had no trouble in disposing of The Echo. Latter Ally is rounding to form
again. Briton a good stretch runner. Miss Vera had no speed.
i)f\A SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
j j '■ | Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight., St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(193) Rio Chlco..... 107 1 2 13 ... 12 12 13 Ruiz 8 9-2
189 Lothian 10114 2h ... 3 3 32 2h Ranch 3-5 2-5
(162) Lou Rey 104 3 8h ... 21 32 84 Songer 4 6
147 Monda 104 1 4H ... 4 3 4 10 4 20 ', Henry 40 60
... Flamaway 105, 6 5 ».» 5 6 5 W. Narvaez.. 30 50
Time— H :13U: 94, -KM: %■ 1:03%; %, 1:29%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s ch. g., by imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D.
Chlco galloped. Lothian did his best. Lou Rey tired at stretch turn.
0_~i£_ THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
jiUkjt $400.
1 Betting.
I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Km. Hm. Mm. Str. Fin. ■ Jockeys. Op. cl.
... Festoso. 3 90 2 11 ... 11 11 13 Ranch i 4 3
154 Oralbee, 3 93: 6 7 ... 6 Mi 4 V. 2 1 Postel 6 8
1S6 Glen Anne, 4 105) 1 SH ... 3 li 2h 3h Ruiz 8 4
(ISO) Rainier. 3 901 4 2 1 ... 2 '_ 3 h 4 2 Buchanan .... 8-5 9-6
184 Whaleback, 3 93j 3 5H • •• Mi 5h 6 V. J. Ward I 2 8
197 Frank Jaubert, 6.. .103 5 6 2 ... 7 6 3 6 3 J. Martin I 5 12
193 Deerfoot. 4 _ 7 4 ',_ ... 6 1 7 7 T. Walsh | 50 100
Time— 1-16, :07; 6-16, :S1; 9-16. ;67; 13-16, 1:23H: mile, l:42-*4: 1 l-16m, 1:49. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, J. Naglee Burke's ch. g., by Wildidle-Vedette.
Festoso played in luck throughout. Rainier frightfully ridden. Ward on Wha'.eback
made his move too soon. Jaubert of little account.
Oflf* FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; all ages; purse, $300.
-_V/Oe
_ ____ . Betting.
| ! Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km- Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
179 My Gypsy, 2 761 2 ... 1 •_ 13 13 13 Ranch 6-5 4-6
... Ailenna, 2 ''■< 4 ... 4 2h 4 2 2 J.Martin 8 4
181 Anchored. 3 9$ 3 ... 2 1 32 2h 38 Postel 6-5 2
1S8 The Offering, 3 _ 1 ... 3h 4 3 1 4 [Coburn 10 20
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16, :8ltt: 9-16, :56H: 6Hf. l:22Vi. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f.. by Forester-My Gyp.
Gypsy won. all the way. Anchored stopped. The Offering seems unable to stay.
C)f\m7 FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
~ ' j T ~ ~ ( [Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. *, Weight. [St. Mm. 'jm. Mm. Str. Fin. , Jockeys. . Op. Cl.
191 Mike Rice, a 106 4 11 ... 11 12.12 Thorpe 2 8-5
1 .7 Donator 4 104 5 5 1 ... 5 6 31 23 J. Woods 6 7
185 Lost Girl, 5 104 2 4 2 ... 2 1 2 1 3 4 M. Bergen.... 2 2
170 Reolia, 4 1041 3fi ... 6 6 4 1 Mounce 6 7
191 Polish 5 107 6 3h ... 4 2 5 1 5 1 Frawley ...... 3 5
190 Wllmeter, 4 107| 1 2 2 ... 3 1 4 1 6 [Songer 8 25
Time— '-.-. :12*i; tt, :37: tt. I •-"*: %,'l':2$H. Good start. Won handily. Second and
third driving. Winner, T. McLaughlin's b. jr., by J. H. Fenton-Mrs. McAllister.
Rice nicely ridden. Donator ran well, after getting cut off early In game. Lost Girl
not good now. lie, lia la stale, rolish has suspicious legs.
Scratched— 104.
WILL DRIVE
ON THE PARK
SPEED TRACK
Golden Gate Park Driving
Association Abandons Its
Ingleside Meetng.
The members of Golden Gate P.irk
I>rivins Association met last nighi and
after extended discussion determined to
abandon their autumn race meeting for
which they had planned ambitiously. All
arrangements had been perfected to hold
ii last Saturday, but th>- heavy m.ins left
the track deep with mud. over which
hors<-s could not draw the racinu' sulkies.
Tho conditions were such it waa thought
best to declare the meeting off altogether.
The track would requin a lot <>f attention
to place it in proper condition, while some
of the owners wished to withdraw their
horses from competition. To please those
who still wished to race, It was decided
to shift the scene of operations from
Ingleslde to the I'ark speedway.
A programme of four races will be run
off there on Saturday, November 4 for
trophi>s valued at $20, t<> which wiil be
added the entranci teva of $•"> per b 1
Each race will be best two in thrfc beats
over a distance of three-fourths of a mile.
The length of the Bpeedway does not per
mit "f satisfactory races at one mile.
Entries will close on the 31st |nst., and
all tin- horses now in training are expect
ed to compete.
Tho race for the Frank G. O'Kane cup
will not b>- Included in the programme, as
the conditions require that it be raced
for on a circular track. Efforts will prob
ably be made to retain the double team
race, as that Is one of tho most exciting
of contests. Amateur drivers ulftrm that
more double teams have been in evidence
In the Park during the past fortnight than
in many years previously.
George W. Kingsbury was elected a
member of the association at last night's
meeting.
C. F. Kapp drove a team composed of
his black horse I. Direct and Dunlap's
King Cadenza, a mile in 2 :30, over Ingle
slde track yesterday. The going was par
ticularly heavy, which makes the per
formance a creditable one. The horses
were rated along evenly every eighth
mile, being at about the same relative
speed.
Little Girl— Did you ever dream of be
lnp In heaven?
Little Boy— No, not exactly; but I
dreampt once that I was in the middle of
a big apple dumpling.
i^^sfc^^l I^ml ouble or sin §' c breasted, all wool, long pants suits
I^^Sl^^^^l ii^^H Materials: cheviots and cassimeres — in brown, A
/W^Mli^^^^^^ This cut shows inside of coat— with full French facing. 1
W^^W\' P^^Sl Retailing "from loom to wearer direct" saves you the retail I
WSMi^'-^^/fW f^^^^S P r °tlt — but this is even less than the wholesale price. I
\ . _ ._ V !> wSr facturers &^bßoßumj3^^^^3m Jl&^bjf^*A tf^. ¥^ 4& Blue' ft
rgsaifflSß^^ Clothin 9- !21-lE36ansomcshnr.Pinc s ' 9ns " Wl^
FIGHTERS
SWINGING
INTO FORM
Champion Jefiries in High
Spirits and Sharkey In
clined to Be Boastful.
Special Plspntrh to The CalL
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— With Jeffries'
successful manipulation of the gloves yes
terday at Aabury Park, tin- pugilistic
camp settled down to-day to an energetic
in ginning of the ris?id schedule adopted
for coming use. The ;itr of depression
which has hung over the champion's
quarters since the accident to his arm
has entirely disappeared and all hands
;ire in a Jolly mood.
Jeffries took a long ride at an early
hour with Tommy Ryan, and after a fast
run over the Long Branch road played
croquet with his trainers on the lawn.
This afternoon the champion's hig^h spir
its inff(.-ted tli" group and Ml to practical
jokes. Meanwhile, Jeffries and Ryan pre
pared for t!.<' second afternoon bout,
which proved to be a wonderful exhibi
tion "f skill, although Ryan's offensive
tactics brought him a blow in the jaw
that caused th,. claret to flow. Tin- boiler
maker is practicing a block for Sharkey's
s:.i.- jab and Ryan says the sailor will
never be able to land it.
The physician's services were dispensed
with to-day.
Tom Bharkey was feeling particularly
good to-day at his training quarters at
Newdorp. Hi did plenty of work, par
ticularly on the punching bag and on
Armstrong, and was us full of Fight after
he had finished to-day's programme as
he was when !)>■ began.
When asked about his condition he
hitched up his trousers, rolled over a
point or two or" his course and growled:
'.Never better. Why, this place down
hero Is the best training mmrters tnat a
man ever had in the world."
"Jeffries Is nil right." said he, "but he
is not meeting any such Tom Sharkey as
he had that little ring seanco with In
San Francisco."
Sharkey's trainers say there is not the
slightest' danger that he will lose "edge"
by reason of t lie delay In the battle. They
have boen bringing him on carefully and
have taken extra precautions to see that
he does not get too fine.
Weary brains, nervousness. headach«,sleeple»B
n?s(> quickly cured Baldwin's Celery Soda. '10c.
FAVORITES
WIN TROT
AND PACE
Little Thorn and Venus II
Earn Brackets at the Los
Angeles Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 24.— The 2:10 pace
was the exciting event In the harness
races to-day, Little Thorne, the favorite,
winning in straight heats. Jennie Me
looked good to the knowing ones, but
after the first heat there was nothing but
Little Thorne money, and he became a
prohibitive favorite. He entirely out
classed his company and won the race In
heats under a pull.
The 2:20 class trot was easily captured
by Venus 11, who so completely out
classed her opponents that little or no In
terest was taken in the event.
Alaria, a 2 to 3 favorite, won the selling
race at a mile and a sixteenth. Cornet
took first money In the six furlongs sprint,
Tom Smith being a close second. Both
horses were even money in the betting.
In the five-eighths of a mile Ned Den
nis, at 7 to 10, was heavily played by the
wise ones, but Steel Diamond, an 8 to 1
chance, picked up remarkable speed In the
stretch and finished first, beating Cowboy
by a length. Ned Dennis finished third,
a nose behind Cowboy.
The mile was easily won by Glbbettiflib
bet. Hacienda, the favorite, was among
the "also rans." Results: »
Trotting 2:21 class, three in five; purse,
$1000.
Venus II (Bluet 11l
Lottie Parks (Lafferty) 2 3 2
Miss Jones (Cecil) 3 2 3
Time— 2:26. 2:33, 2:3lVi.
Pacing, 8:10 clasf, three In five; purs», $1000.
Little Ttiorn (Blue) 1 1 1
Jennie Me (Durfee) 2 5 4
IMotratresg (Kent) 4 3 6
Kloraclta (.Tudd) 6 6 2
Myrtha Whips (Helman) 5 2 3
Dlawood (Holmes) 3 4 5
Time— 2:loV*. 2:11. 2:O9Vi.
Running, selling, one and a sixteenth miles;
pursp, $2f,ft — Alaria 103 (Fauntlproy), 2 to 6, won;
Qibbettlflibbet 109 (Joe WeberV even, second;
Alvero 89 (Stewart), E to 1, third. Time, 1:47.
Six furlor.Ks; purse. $250— Correct 09 (Enos),
cvpti, won; Tom Smith 1«4 Jrx» W>ber), even,
second; San Augustine 99 (Hazard), 4 to 1,
third. Time. 115. Igo, Weasel. Black Orphan,
Lady Betty and Prince also ran.
Five furlongs; purse, $250— Steel Diamond 105
(Puffy), B to 1, won: Cowboy 10G (FuentJi), 2 to
1. second; Ned Dennis U5 (Piggou), 7 to 10,
third. Time. 1:01%. Folißno, Summer, Altara
an<i Frank Kuhry also ran.
One mile; purs*, $300— Glbbettiflibbet 112
tWeber). 2 to 1. won; Rey del San Juan 105
(Stewart), 24 to 1, second; Ellenwood 96 (Faunt
leroy), 6 to 1, third. Time. 1:40^. Hacienda and
Gracias also ran.
COMTE SAW SOME STARS
WHEN GODEAU HIT HIM
RECITED HIS RECOLLECTIONS
OF RECENT TROUBLE.
Witnesses Summoned on Behalf of
His Assailant Testified That
He Was Angry at the
Ball Committee.
Tf the testimony of the many witnesses
Who were on the stand In Judge Dainger
field's court yesterday Is to be accepted
it Is certain that never again will such
'■xi'itomont I><^ known at a meeting- of the
Ligue d'Henrl IV as that which prevailed
• luring that momentous occasion upon
which M. Osmln I'nmte collided with the
Drazen fist of M. Jules Qodeau, under
taker.
The trial of the suit instituted by Comte
to recover a small furtune in damage*
from Godeau for the pain and Inconve
nience he Buttered through the alleged
fracture of his rmsc and the l°>ss of the
sight of one of his ryes from the blow
delivered by the defendant was con
tinued yesterday morning. Mr. Comte was
called to the stand to further impress
upon the jury the way in which he was
assaulted, and this he did, saying:
"Qodeau he strike me so fast I don't.
know what with. I remember when they
?aek me out. I did not have my senses.
only see stars and light." So it went
on through the day.
Charles F. McCarthy, P. Alex Bergerot,
Jean Mefllette, James Masson and P. Pel
lison were called by the plaintiff and all
gave evidence as to how Godeau. when
Comte objected to the motion to award
the ball committee a vote of thanks,
walked over and overruled the objection
by punching the objector into the land
of dreams. Henry G. Gerdes, John A roes,
P. Cediey and A. Mlgueu were called on
behalf of the defendant and all corrobo
rated the defendant's contention that
Comte, angered at being denied the bar
privileges at the ball, went to the meet
ing with the express intentinn of making
trouble. He made trouble and found it,
they said. "Comte was jus strike at by
Godeau," said one witness. At this
Comte turned his twisted proboscis for
the inspection of the jury to show them
the effects of the blow, and the case went
over till this morning.
A Sick Fund Benefit.
A special benefit performance for the
sick fund of Buena Vista Parlor No. 63,
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
will take place this evening at the Tivoll
Opera-house, the bill being Offenbach's
comic opera, "La Belle Helene." The
management of the Tivoll has joined
heartily in the plan to raise funds for the
worthy cause and the artists of the thea
ter will do their best tn-nlsht to make the
affair a memorable one. A larg-e number
of seats hnve been disposed of by the
ladies of Buen^Vista Parlor and a crowd
ed house is anticipated.
Sast
JEFFORDS
LOSES IN
THE FIFTH
Californian Makes a Good
Showing Against Gus
Ruhlin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— Jim Jeffords, the
young California pugilist, made his debut at
the new Broadway Athletic Club to-night
and was knocked out in the fifth round by
Gus Ruhlin, the Akron (Ohio) giant.
There was a lot of slugging in the first
four rounds, and if Jeffords had not mixed
things so freely he might have stalled off
Ruhltn's rushes. The latter simply bat
tered him down after Jeffords had gained
a very decided advantage. Ruhlin '.
him three times in the fourth round ami
put him out with a straight Jeft early in
the next round. Ruhlin was a big favor
ite in the betting, 2 to 1 being laid -a him.
In the preliminary bout Kid Thomas of
New York won from Jim H^yward (col
ored) of Chicago in the fourth round.
Thin was Hayward's lirst defeat since
coming East. lie was knocked down
three times in the fourth round.
Gus Rulilin was the tirst of the big
fellows to enter the ring. He looked tit.
He was accompanied by his manager and
trainer, Billy Madden, and "Cockey "
Boyle, Charley Goff and Joe Hurst, who
acter as his seconds.
Ten minutes later Jeffords appeared.
He had as his seconds "Mysterious" Billy
Smith, Billy Needham, Charley O'Brien
and Harry Luthill. Jeffords said he
weighed 192 pounds and Ruhlin owned up
to 190. They were announced I
twenty rounds, under Marquis of Queens
bery rules.
First round— rushed and Jeffords sent his I
'.eft to the body. They clinched. Jeffords sent i
his rlßh to Ru'hlins car and then to the body.
Ruhlin clinched and In the breakaway sent his.
right to the body. , „
Second round— Jeffords rushed, trying left |
and right swings for the head, which were
blocked. Jim Jabbed left to body and face
and then shot his right to the jaw. Gus Jabbed
left to the face. Both began slugging, with j
Jeffords having the call up to the bell.
Third round— Jeffords rushed and Gus ewung
wildly. They exchanged leftg on the face and
then Qua whipped right and left to the head
and smashed a hard right on Jeffords" nose,
which began to bleed. Jeffords staggered from
this blow and Ruhlin slugged him. The Call
fornlan looked to be beaten, but he suddenly
braced up and sent a couple of right upper
cuts under Ruhlln's chin, which changed the !
tide in his favor. Ruhlin was very much used j
up at the close of the round.
Fourth round— They got to close Quarters
three times In succession. Jeffords was the ag
gressor. Hard exchanges followed, among
them being a right uppercut from Jeffords,
which sent Gus back a few feet. Ruhlin pulled
himself together quickly and sent three straight
lefts to the face and sent Jeffords to the floor
with a short right-arm Jolt on the Jaw. Jef
forda took eight seconds to get up, only to be
sent down again with a straight left. Jef- j
fords managed to get to his feet and hugged :
Ruhlin when he got up, but Gup shoved him
off and beat him down with left-hand chops.
Jeffords was floored for the third time and was
practically out when the gong sounded.
Fifth round — Ruhlin now had it all his own
way and went right nt his man. He led a left I
to the face, which staggered Jeffords to the;
ropes. Then he sent both hands swinging to
the head, and as Jeffords staggered, this
stepped hack and, putting all the force of his i
big frame into the blow, he landed a straight ,
left hand squarely on the mark and Jeffords
fell as if dead. He lay prone on the floor
until the referee counted him out Time of
round, one minute and fourteen seconds.
COURT NOTES.
"When the case of O. C Shaw, accused
l>y Mips Annie M. Forbes, ;i dressmaker,
with obtaining- money by false pretenses, j
was called in Judge Mohan's court yes- j
terday, Miss Forbes failed tn appear
Shaw's iittorney alleged it was a case of
blackmail and asked for a dismissal, hut
the Judgp put the case over for two days. '
A. Francke, G. Hriem, J. Mantenson,
John Rons, John Barold and R. Husman,
bakers, who were arrested Monday In Lie
Bakers' Home. Clay street, on the charge
of playing- faro, proved to Judge Mogan
yesterday that the pime was
"Sweltaer," which they had been playing
for ten years, and the Judge dismissed
the case.
John Phillips, an ex-policprnr\n, and now I
a driver <>f a delivery wagon, refused to
drive off the car-trark on Market si
between Grant avenue ami Pnwell Btreet
Sunday afternoon, and yesterday Judge
Conlan fined him $10 with the alternative
of ton days.
John 'lillogtay, stableman for Joseph
Fagin. Webb street, secured a warrant ]
from Judge Treadwell yesterday for the '
arrest of J. F. Schur on the charge of j
grand larceny for stealing' a horse valued
at $7."i last Sunday.
Stephen Simain. Joseph Tobin, Peter :
Galta and Louis Demartlni, tlir four
accused (if assaulting and destroying the I
sight of Samuel A. Johnson's eye while
attempting to rob him. were yesterday
booked at the City Prison on the charge
of battery, and four other "John Doe" j
warrants for battery and one for assault
with a deadly weapon were issued by !
Judge Mogan.
Rough Rider Married.
William Hentzler, one of "Teddy" Rons
velt's famous regiment of Rough Riders,
was married yesterday to M rs. Hope Silyy
of this city. Justice of the Peace Kerri
gan performed the ceremony. Hentzler
has been out of the service only nine
months, and came on here a few days
ago to cast his lot with some regiment
leaving for the Philippines. He expects
to sail to-day.
Fifteen Years in Folsom.
SriSUN. Oct. 24.— R. J. Northrop, a
frrain thief, convicted yesterday of grand
larceny, was sentenced this morning by
Judpp Buckles to fifteen years' imprison
ment in Folsom. There was a prior con
viction against Northrop, who served
seven years for stage robbery committed
In Mariposa County.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS
JAGRE AT BATTLE
The War Between the Boers
and British Is Not the
Only Conflict That
Is Raging.
! A Vast Array of Civilians in America
Are in Deadly Peril.
Thousands of men on this side of the
sea are confronting a foe that is not
only difficult to conquer, but which is
relentless to the last degree. We refer
to nervous debility in all its many and
dangerous forms, contracted ailments
(including contagious blood poison),
• etc.
! Any man who is afflicted with one
| or more of these dread ailments is con-
i fronting a serious problem— facing
' an enemy that is more dangerous than
a cannon's mouth, a phalanx of fixed
bayonets or a cavalry charge.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are rescuing hun-
dreds of such unfortunates every
month. These noted specialists have
devoted more than eighteen years to
the study of all ailments of men. Their
staff is composed of physicians and
surgeons of the highest standing, grad-
j uates from the best schools and hos-
: pitals of both America and Europe.
I They make no charge for consultation
i or advice, and furnish without cost to
I the patients all remedies, appliances.
i etc., necessary to effect a quick and
permanent cure.
As a guarantee Dr. Meyers & Co. will
I let the patient deposit the price of a
, cure in any bank in San Francisco, to
; be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. after he is
1 entirely well. If it is not convenient to
!do this, payments may be made in
i weekly or monthly installments.
There are men in every city, town
and school district throughout the West
l who have been cured by Dr. Meyers'
successful home-cure system.
If you cannot call, write for private
j book, diagnosis sheet, free advice,
I prices and other particulars. Corre-
spondence solicited. All letters confi-
dential*. No printing on envelopes or
packages to indicate name of sender.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are located at 731
Market street, this city.
The Key to Health i
Beecham's Pills *
A Gentle Cathartic J
Beecham's Pills )
J For Sick Headache, etc. '
) Beecham's Pills )
d Annual Sale, 6,000,000 boxes. w
0 10 cents and 25 Druggists, f
I FORTUNES tetU. I
in
Big Panoche
1 I OIL STOCK |
\ Prospectus and Maps Free ' i
206 Kearny St. San Francisco Jn
' Listed on California Oil Exchange f]
j
.
ivis:v OR JORDAN'S great i
iHUSEUy OF ANfITOMY^
A . Q^ i::iiiAESET:r.s!et.6±4?i.s.r.Cii, i
\ C^T The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V _^IJL_. World. Weaknefses or any contracted A
i. SS SSI disease p^sHi»^ly cured hy the eldest ™
9 irS-^35 Specialist en the Coiit Est. 36 year* "* *>
ilS^f S 0R - RD AN- PRIVATE DISEASES $
S 38 'B Consultation free and stri< tly private \
I iS^Ln T " " nient P" so ™ l^ « l>y letter. A h
B/fSin PotMvc Curt in every case undertaken. T
r// Ift V. I ri!cf,irlK:lt.Pllll.O.s«l'llY«fJ\
»II ITi M*IIBIAI.I, MAILED FREE. (AY
A (i J. valuable book for men) x
7 OB JORDAN* CO.. 1051 Market -St.. S. F. ¥
s^^^U ELECTRIC BELTS.
y^£.ii«^g»^siC Prices from $3 50 to
»T7U''7'v;'VlV/i<^ * 25 - Largest manu-
IS*j^> ' 1 ' " N --/\CXa acturers in the Unl.
ted States. NoQuack»
•vW^t^CCTKiWwwiß? connected with this
'" V CT For particulars
l^t^u^ call or , send 2c in
*J\^» stamps for "Bookie^
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, S. P.
Pi'^m^ VI Ifil IS
 _ j!>» -m&^ v r THE NEW
i, tD ay. giaa^k %(Tn EDCIIAU
wwioihiky. *>— y»lr i? rnbNUHii
VITALiS «^?& 31 DCUCnv
PH.Hd (KS THE ABOVE 30th Day. nCnlCtlTll
RKSLLTS. It quickly * »arely n-raove, Ner»ou S ,» MS , Lo««, Ev>l
Drfnms.Wastin? Diseases tc all effects of self-abu.e or excesses &
indi«r«ti 0 ..». R«tor« L<M \ :t..l.ty, Power A r»ilin« M*moi .
V, »rd» off ln^ainty and V 1 V- : ' !!1 ' tL " Cures when all oth«nfail.
Insist on iMving »1 1 ALlt>. no utlier c,n I, •
Ih n,.l ♦! O« X , r or .ix'^/^M.
6ALI MXI CURE 4 ■„.. « B4 !> ea rWn >... i hlou^
Sold in San Francisco and Oakland by th« Owl Drug Co.
.r.DR.PIERCE'S. ]
GOLDEN
j MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 _BjX»OPJJVER.LUMGS;
ennyrcVal fills
~^>\ _ Ol> l«rlaal and Only Senulno. A
. s «*^Ws^i m<>n< * • Brt »nJ In lied aod tfoid m(;uauc\*i?lr
'•« 2^»^ bole 6 ■ = ' ;d with bloc ribbon. "Take
1/ €* VWjno other. Jtefime dangerous tubnita- V
I / flf' 1 ' 3 '«a»M*<n-.(ta« < m. At Drngglett. or«ena««,
1 •»« XL 'i?.- '-' 1 ' for _p micolari. uuUtnonimli »a 4
\>^ J^ i» X S Uc> J r<3r todlan," in Ictur. by rctur«
*"^»__/.'V_ M»il- l«»,OOOTi--tlnoma!s. Km* Paper.
-*- .-' ■■•■ u n>"^=»-"CSoi»l=alCo..Mnf»:»oa»<iunrfc
•B« «CT all Loc»l OrugguU. PII IL A I.?
WeeW Call $1.00 per YearMARRIAGE NOT
VALID GROUND
FOR DISMISSAL
Women's Rights Up
held by Seawell.
SCHOOL BOARD IS DEFEATED
MRS. EMILY WHALLEY BEANS
TON SECURES A JUDGMENT.
Rhe Can Keep Both Her Husband and
Her Position as a Teacher in
tlae Department by Order
of Court.
Judge Seaw< I ; iwn an opinion
which he holds that
the marriage of a teacher doea n I
* 8 adl • : hat the marriage
of a valid ground for ais
kl at the hands of the Hoard uf Edu
-11. This decision was reached in the
f Mrs. Emily Whalley Beanston
agraii rd <>f Education, in which
■ aintifl sought < writ of mandate to
Instate her
tment.
WELLS COURSE COMMENDED.
AN UNJUST ORDINANCE.
Supreme Court Passes Upon Fresno's
Trading Stamp Law.
I . B. M -ant of Frpjno,
me time, ago for violating
ring all who
In trading stamps to pay a special
-
writ of I
1 ' .'. W;ts
rlminating and
■ upholding the ordl
the issuing of
was a kind of gambling,
' ' ' g ilse. The
do not
with this View Of the ease.
• nd that the issue of these
• In t he nai i
. or tending to 'irrupt morals, it
■
istomera to return. It is further
ipecfal llcei
■ ■
business does not furnish
•: atlon for its enaetm-'.t. Mc-
Tt 1? a pleasure to be shaved and take a re
fr<'»hlu< bath •at Valvo's .shaving parlors, 528
Broadway: private entrance to baths. •
Special Matinee To-Day.
re will be a special professional
f Hoyt'a "A Milk
at the Columbia Th<
at which the s]
25 rents and 50 crjits
A Miik Whit.' Flag" will
■ -.i at the Columbia up I
Saturday night. Matthews and
revision of their big
"By the Sad Sea
ill be the attraction beginning
i
RE K EF OPIUM!
A man's nervous system craves relief from suffering, and they fly to
opium ;ir ihr boon. How many Is this the case with. Suffering humanity
forced to use the drug to make life endurable. A terrible thing to consider
} v n<-tn<-r ;, m-wly-fledged novice or an old "habitue," you are in terrible peril
Don t wait until serious demoralization of the faculties results, thereby ren-
dering the vrfcri cure more difficult, though still possible. Many testimon-
ials, a few of which have from time to time been published In these columns,
attest tlm wonderful success of our treatment. When all hope Is lost and
despair sets In to fan the flame of misery, -
GI YONG YEN
Is an ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE remedy. If people who buy unsatisfac-
tory articles could have their money refunded when practical usage has dem-
onstrated the worthlessness of the purchase, the world would not be so
crooked as it is. This is the ground we stand upon.
THE n^COnSTETT
can be deposited in responsible hands until the cure is effected, when it has
been earned and we are entitled to it. If a cure is made, then a great deal
has been accomplished, but when a permanent cure has been brought about,
then nothing further can be desired. Cures are effected in from
FROM: 3 to 5 DAYS.
The patient can be cured at home as well as in our Sanitarium: all that
is required is that instructions shall be followed. Cut out this advertisement
and bring It with you to the office, so that you can satisfy yourself that the
conditions named herein will be fulfilled strictly to the letter.
Call or write. Everything strictly confidential.
Hours, 10 ft. m. to i p. m., and 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. GEO. W, WILLIAMS, 216 Kearny Street, San Francisco, Gal.
REST FOR THE
BODY OF BRAVE
COLONEL MILEY
Interred in Presidio
Cemetery.
WITH ALL MILITARY HONORS
COLONEL METCALF HAS NOT
HEARD OF HIS FORTUNE.
Kansas Regiment Will Not Return
Home in Time to Participate
in the Coming State
Election.
The hist tribute to a brave and cap
soldier was paid to Lieutenant Colonel'
,i >. Mlley 5 1 whose body was
laid in the National Cemetery. The strict j
letter of the mllitarj law v. it allows only
a platoon for a first lieutenant was
stretched to the extent of a battalion.
Colqnel Miley was a hrst lieutenant in the j
regular establishment, but his funeral was
that of a lieutenant colonel. All the otli- i
cers of the Presidio and Colonel Pettit '
and Lieutenant Colonel Hayes of the j
Thirty-first Infantry attended, besides aj
number of civilians. The officers '
marched on foot, led by Colonel Freeman
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, com
mandant of the Presidio.
The Presidio chapel was far too small '
to accommodate the people who wished to ;
to the dead soldier. They
and doorway,
and even th"c stone walk to the en- I
trance of the church. Then was nothing
more than the simple Episcopal ri t --~ ti
rvices at the church, ["here was no
. nor v. as any needed. The dea I
man's record was eulogy enough, and the
I at hi* funeral were
sufficient testimony w his worth.
For escort there wen Batteries I, B and ,
the Third Artillery and half of Bat-'
t> ry A and half of Battery N. making a .
mii of four companies, und< r com
- ■ iptain Pratt of the Third Artil
lery. The whol( battalion acted as
ing party.
The pallbearers were Major Groesbeck, i
I judge advocate; Major Gallagher, com
missary; Captain Greene, signal officer;
tenant Wilson, Third Artillery, aid
ol General Shatter's start; Captain .\lc-
Alexander and Captain Sage. Captain
Sage Is th< officer who accompanied the t
body of Colonel Miley from Manila to
, this country. The casket was borne by
six s. rgeants of artillery detailed from
Presidio and Benecia barracks. They
were Sergeant ■ Ord cc Kreh of Be
necia, who had served under Colonel
Mile} rgeant Wonder- |
lien ami Sergeant Grombow of Battery C,
j Third Artillery, and Ordnance Sergeant
I Ol - I Maurel.
The Kansas men will leave forhomenext
y, after being mustered out next
'> Saturday. A special train provided by the '
■ State will tukv the men Bast. They have |
n the Government, for it .
was not supposed they would leave the
service until the !irs: week in November.
[1 u. ; s figured out by the politicians In
Kansas, however, that If the regiment
came home during the excitement of the
i erection ther> would be other excitement
sturb the voters of the State, and
they would go oil regiment in
ilng their duty at the polls. As
gthy communication
: was sent to Washington, asking that the
• laved nr hurried, so that
the homecoming 01 the troops would not
Interfere with the politics of the State.
■•■suit was a week earlier hi the
muster-out of the regiment. It will arrive
home early in November, and by the time
the date 'of the election comes around
the i pie will nav< cooled down a little
and win le willing to devote thema
to voting.
Colonel Metcalf has heard nothing of
the honor in sto r . for him. It was an
nounced in dispatches from Washington
flay that lie was to be brevetted a
I for gallant service and
as balm to two honorable wounds he re
. titing hard out in front
of his men. Tie says he has no reason to
suppose he will be honored with any such
tion, as he has done nothing to
It, but aci ording to the dls]
the Government thinks otherwise, and his
brevet may reach here bel I regi
ment has been mustered out ol
Acting Assistant Surgeon Francis G.
; ardt n.is been ussigned to duty at
the general hospital at the Presidio.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John T. H.
Slayter has been detailed to the transport
Pennsylv; nia as quartermaster and <-om
missary. Acting Assistant Surgeon John
S Hill' has been detailed to the transport
Tartar in a similar capacity.
Major Joseph W. Duncan. Thirteenth;.
Infantry, and Walter S. Scott, Fourth In
fantry "have been relieved from duty and
will proceed to Manila on the transport
p< nnsj Ivanla.
Captain Eben B. Fenton. assistant com
missar:.- and nn authorize,] clerk, has been
ordered to leave for Manila on the trans
port Newport.
ADIEU, CANTOR MEYERSON.
His Farewell Concert Attracts a
Large Audience.
Sherman-Clay Hall was filled with the
friends and wellwishers of the Rev. Can
tor Meyerson last night, the occasion be
ing a farewell concert given by him,
• the patronage of the Rev. Jacob
Voorsanger, prior to his departure to
igo. Mr. Meyerson is a graduate of
rvatory of Music of Paris, and
formerly with Lucca. During tho
hr has lf-d the musical
if the Bush-Street synagogue he
has made many friends, and he will be
missed. The concert was under the
• F. Dellepiane, and the fol
: artists gave their services:
Piano polo, "Romance," Miss J. Burns:
tenor Bolq. serenade from "Pagliacci,"
Herbert Williams; soprano solo, Mrs.
Tenney; violin solo. "Andante
Amaroso," J. Fenster; contralto solo, "A
Night," Mrs. Clark; bass solo,
Charles E. Parent; cornet solo. Miss
\ Levy; barytone solo, "Infelue"
from "Eraanl," E. Rosentat; soprano bolo
with cello obllgato, Miss C. Frank and
I,eon W-i" nor solo, Frank Cof
ocal duet, "Gondoliera," Miss M.
I H E. Medley; song, "I .a
Di ila 6 mobile," Cantor Meyerson;
quartet, "Good Night, Beloved,*' Mrs.
Tenney, Mrs. Clark, C. K. Parent and H.
Williams.
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDXESDAY, OCTOBEK 'J5. ISO 9.
WILL UNITE THEIR
HEARTS AND FORTUNES
MISS MADGE CASSIDY.
AN exceedingly pretty -wedding will be performed at noon to-day
at St. Mary's Cathedral, when Edward Joseph Deasy, son of Super
visor Jeremiah Deasy, and Miss Madge Cassldy, daughter of Mrs. M.
J. Cassldy, will be Joined In the holy bonds of wedlock by Rev. Father
Philip O'Ryan. The youth of the contracting parties, Mr. Deasy
being but 23 years of age and his bride several years his junior, and their
popularity among a large circle of friends, make the happy event a more than
usually interesting one.
The bride will be given away by Isidore Goulet. an Intimate friend of the
family, and she will be attended by her sister. Miss Minnie Cassidy, as brides
maid. The groom will have his brother. Daniel Deasy, for best man, and the
ushers will be Charles Drury and William Cathcart.
Immediately upon the entrance of the bridal procession Into the sacred
edifice Professor Harrison, organist of the church, will play the wedding
march from "Lohengrin," and just before the ceremony is performed S. J.
Sandy will sing "Salve Regina." After the nuptial knot Is tied the party
will be driven to the home of the bride's mother at 321 Golden Gate avenue,
where a sumptuous wedding breakfast will be awaiting them. The residence
has been beautifully decorated with smilax, evergreens and flowers of every
description expressly for the occasion, and presents a handsome appearance.
The names of the invited guests are: Mrs. ]'. Drury, Mrs. M. Bohanon,
Mrs. J. Fitzgerald, Mrs. James Marshall, Mr. and Mrs. Jeremiah Deasy,'
Cornelius Deasy, Mrs. John Quinn. Miss Sadie Quinn, Miss L. Bohanon. Miss
A. Shelley, Edward Torpey, W. D. Mulhern, James Carlton, Charles Drarv,
Daniel Deasy, Father O'Ryan and Isidore Goulet. The newly wedded couple
will leave on the afternoon train for Del Monte, where they will remain ivvo
weeks, and from there will proceed to Pacific Grove for a week's sojourn.
On their return to this city they will reside with the bride's mother.
Edward Deasy is a prominent member of the League of the Cross Cadets,
and two years ago won the diamond medal for the best essay on "Temper
ance." He is connected with the Palatine Insurance Company. His bride is a
recent graduate and is a great favorite In her large circle of acquaintances.
FUNSTON WILL
NOT ENTER INTO
A CONTROVERSY
Says Archbishop Is
Misinformed.
The answer of Archbishop Ohapellc to
ments concerning the Catholic
church in the Philippines, said to have
been made last week by Brigadier Gen
eral Funston in his address to the stu
dents at Stanford University, will prob
ably cl..se the incident. General Funston,
who had r.tired early last night. BOme
what the worse for the weather, sent
word to a <'all representative, who had
called at his home in Oakland, that he
diil not care to enter into any controversy
in the matter, and that Archbishop Oha
p. lie had undoubtedly been misinformed
concerning what he had said.
Th>- Archbishop, as will be seen by a
reference to his statement published in
yesterday's Call, takes the view that Gen
eral Funston. whom he characterizes as
a broad-minded and fair man, had not
been correctly quoted. In support of
this proposition the testimony of Pn-si-
Davld Starr Jordan is important.
Referring to Archbishop Chapelle s criti
cism of language said to have been used
by General Funston, he said last night:
"General Funston can speak for himself
as to his opinions and the basis on which
they rest. it is, however, only fair to
him to say that the language quoted is
so twisted, through condensation, that :1c
original force is lost. He said nothing to
the discredit of the Catholic church and
nothing as to 'confiscation of church
property,' save as to the possible secu
larization of lands held In trust by the
oni>T of Spanish friars. He said that
though the natives of T^uzon bitterly
hated the friars, they are nevertheless
devoted to the Catholic church."
FAREWELL RECEPTION TO
THE TWENTIETH KANSAS
I Over 3000 people gathered In Mechanics'
Pavilion last night, the attraction being
the entertainment of the Twentieth Kan
sas Volunteer Regiment. The affair was
j under the auspices of the United States
: army department of the Young Men' a
Chrlßtlan Association, and It was a fare
, well reception to the famous regiment.
| The exercises comprised a drill, band and
promenade concert, and the proceeds will
j be devoted to the work in Manila.
The regiment was reviewed by Major
General shatter and staff and on the re
; viewing stand were seated Mayor I'helan,
; Brigadier General J. il. Wholley and
si. ill (commanding the First Washington
United States Volunteers;, Governor
Shaw and staff of lowa, Colonel J. C.
! l>oper and staff, Fifty-nrst lowa United
: States Volunteers. Regrets at not being
I abie to be present were sent by Admiral
| Kautz of the United States flagship lowa
! and Brigadier General F. Funston.
I The programme opened with a band
i concert by the United States flagship
lowa band (Julius G. Gomez, bandmaster)
i and the Twentieth Kansas United States
Volunteers band (E. C. Strickland, chief
musician), and at 9 o'clock the Kansas
i volunteers, under the command of Colonel
W. S. Metcalf, made their entry. At
! dress parade the whole audience joined
in singing "America," led by the bands,
and then came the march and counter
march in review.
When the regiment had completed Its
evolutions and was drawn up before the
reviewing stand Henry J. McCoy, secre
tary of the Young Men's Christian Asso
elation, Introduced Mayor Phelan, who
delivered a brief address, In which he
spoke of the high regard entertained by
the citizens of this community for the
! members of the Kansas Regiment.
The regiment was then dismissed and
! gathered in the dining-room, where an
informal reception to the officers and men
! took place. A collation was served by the
I mothers' club of the association— Mrs. O.
B Wright, chairman: Mrs. H. A. Hill.
vice chairman; Miss Florence T. Perkins,
secretary; Mrs. T. C. Pedlar, treasurer.
A promenade concert concluded the
| evening's festivities, the lowa's band and
i the Kansas band alternating in playing
1 the musical selections, and a number of
' the guests and soldiers availed themselves
i of the opportunity to indulge in dancing.
FRATERNAL ORANGE PARTY.
It Was Given by Court Yerba Buena
of the Independent Foresters.
[ Court Yerba Buena, of the Independent
Order of Foresters, Rave an orangre party
• last night In Shiels building. The tnvita
: tion cards were orange, so were the dec
! orations and the tablecloths. The cake
I that was served during the collation was
j orange-color and the only fruit served
\ was oranges. Dr. H. M. Beck, who acted
i as chairman, assisted by Walter I. Avery,
, the recording secretary, presented a pro
gramme which included vocal selections
by Mies Ida Thorn, Mrs. McKell, A. E.
Bo we, F. A. Healy, Miss Rosin and Dr.
! Beck, selections on the gramaphone by a
I member of the court, monologue by M.
j Strauss and recitation by Dr. Crawford.
During the evening Dr. Beck presented
I a very fine Bible to the court, to be used
; during the initiatory services, after'which
, he explained the plans of the court for
organizing a companion court of the or
der, to be composed of ladies, and to be
i auxiliary to Court Yerba Buena. After
j the collation there was dancing.
EDWARD JOSEPH DEASY.
H. P. LOVELANP, NEW MANAGER OF THE TRAFFIC LEAGUE.
CARTER FAILED
TO REMEMBER
HIS PROMISES
Estate Sued by Mary
E. Redmond.
By the filing nf an answer yesterday
issues have been joined in the suit insti
tuted by Mary E. Redmond against the
estate of the late Thomas Carter, in
which the plaintiff seeks to recover $10,000
damages for alleged breach of promise on
the part of the deceased capitalist. 'me
case will now go to trial, and the world
will hear the story of the amours of the
dead car-builder of N< waik.
In the complaint in this action the
plaintiff alleges that in June of 1596 she
instituted suit against Carter to recover
$50,000 damages for breach of promise.
Carter negotiated with her for a settle
ment and finally she agreed to accept $2000
and a promise that he would leave her
$10,000 by his will. Carter died, the plain
tiff was not mentioned as a devisee, and
hence she seeks to recover the sum named
from his estate.
In the answer filed yesterday Martin
Carter, executor of his brother's will,
after entering a general denial to the
various allegations of Miss Redmond, sets
forth in defense an alleged waiver of all
claims against the dead signed and issued
by the plaintiff. This document rf^ads:
Know all men by these presents: That I,
Mary E. Kedmond, for and in consideration of
the sum of $5400 and other valuable considera
tion to me in hand, paid this day by Thomas
Carter, the receipt whereof is hereby admitted
and acknowledged, have remised, released and
forever quitclaimed unto Thomas Carter from
all mimn»r< ot actlona and demand? whatso
ever, lncl'iding any and all agreements and
promisen of marriage (which said agreements
and promises of marriage and to marry said
Thomas Carter hnth now and forever denied),
and any and all claims of, and for, support
aril maintenance, by prisons of uny Inter
course or association I may ever have had with
him or any other claims, and I further prom
ise and agree not to begin any suit against
Thomas Carter in any court for any matter
whatsoever, nor to consult nor engage any at
torney in that behalf.
It is said that as the date of the~in
strument precedes the date of tho filing
of the suit during Carter's life to recover
$50,000, it being dated July 10, 18M, It
will not stand as a valid defense in plain
tiff's action.
Sent Bad Meat to Town.
N. F. Witzeman, Chief Meat Inspector,
swore to a complaint in Judge Treadwell's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" Vecchl of Vecehi Brothers, San
Rafael, on the charge of violating the
health ordinance by sending diseased
meat into the city. Policeman Butter
worth, who is attached to the Board
of Health, went to San Rafael yesterday
afternoon to make tho arrest. Simi
Brothers of this city were arrested for
having i.he meat in their possession, but
they proved to Judge Treadwell yester
day that they were innocent of its con
dition, and it was decided to arrest the
consignor.
For Suffering Cubans.
An enjoyable entertainment was given,
by the International Brotherhood League
at Academy of Science Hall last evening.
Drs. Anderson and Griffiths told of what
the dub had accomplished in the way of
relief in Cuba. Several enjoyable
specialties were rendered by members of
the league, and at the close of the evening
a generous contribution was made by the
audience, to be used in purchasing sup
plies for the Cubans.
LOVELAND MADE
MANAGER OF THE
TRAFFIC LEAGUE
Coast Interests Are
Now United.
THREE STATES IN ACCORD
PREPARING FOR CONTEST AT
ST. LOUIS.
The First Gathering of Pacific Coast
Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association in This City
Was a Success.
The Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association deliberated all yes
terday and reached final adjournment last
night. The work of organization was
completed. H. D. Loveland was elected
traffic manager for the Pacific Coast
and also chairman of the traffic commit
tee. The several sub-committees were
elected as follows:
Traffic Committee— Charles F. Tay of
the George H. Tay Co., A. C. Rulofson of
Baker & Hamilton, 1... Guggenheim of
Mack & Co., A. G. Towne of Blake, Mof
fltt & Towne, E. Everett of the Tubbs
Cordage Co., George Boole, manager of
Schwabacker Hardware Co. of Seattle;
Henry Hahn of Wadham & Co., Portland;
P. S. Harmon of the Harmon Furniture
I'm. of Tacoma; J. Baruch of Haas,
Baruch & Co., Los Angeles; William
Schaw of Schaw, Ingram & Baker, Sac
ramento.
Finance Committee — E. R. Lilicnthal of
the crown Distilleries Co., Charles Jiui
lirook of Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson, F.
W. Van Sicklen of Dodge, Sweeney &
Co., 1.. A. Lewis of Portland, J. S. Gold
smith of Schwabacker Hardware Co.,
Seattle; Charles A. Hyde of the West
Coast Grocery Co. of Tacoma, F. W.
Br,iun of P. W. Bnuin & Co. of Los An
geles: O. G. Bage of Sacramento.
An auditing committee was also elected,
consisting of the following: I. F. Little
fleld, A. L. Scoti and A. G. Towne of San
Francisco, C. 11. Black of the Seattle
Hardware Co., E. J. de Hart of Honey
man, de Hart & Co., Portland; Frederick
Mottet of Tacoma, J. O. Koepfli, Los An
geles: O. (i. Sag.:-. Sacramento.
K. S. Pillsbury, the association's attor
ney, was present at the afternoon session
and outlined the evidence which he wish
ed to have prepared for use at the hear
ing in St. Louis before the Interstate
Commerce Commission. The- members of
the traffic committee will get together the
necessary evidence in their respective
towns and forward it to Traffic Manager
Loveland.
The headquarters of the association will
be at 10 Pine street, accommodations hav
ing been offered by the Pacific Coast
Metal and Hardware Association. The
constitution and by-laws of the associa
tion have been somewhat modified since
the original adoption by the temporary
organization. Only work that is of gen
eral concern to the business interests of
the entire Pacific Cast will be taken up.
The lending sub-committee of the associa
tion in importance is the traffic commit
tee. To that was given entire charge of
the case at St. Louis, which is the first
important work before the association
President Wnkofield Baker and Traffic
Manager Loveland will go to -St Louis
and witnesses will be summoned from
the North and from the South. When the
members of the executive committee part
ed last night the work of welding- the
business interests of the Pacific Coast to
gether for the purpose of defense was
fully accomplished and a condition was
brought about that was unparalleled in
the history of the coast States.
Tf the Interstate Commerce Commission
should decide in favor of the St. Louis
Jobbers the case will be taken up to the
Supreme Court of the United States
which tribunal has laid down doctrine
concerning interstate commerce along the
lines advanced in the contention of the
Pacific Coast jobbers and manufacturers.
KOWALSKY MISTAKEN
FOR FRENNA, THE SLAYER
Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky came within
an ace of getting "pinched" late Sunday
evening, but in justice to the colonel it
might be said that he was thoroughly in
nocent of the position he occupied.
Sunday evening the colonel dropped his
portly form into a box in the Orpheum.
There was seated in the dress circle of the
theater a young man who from his ear
liest youth has known Joseph P, Frenna,
the murderer of James F. Turner. Ko
walsky has lost about twenty-five pounds
within the last few months and Frenna
has gained a similar amount of avoirdu
pois. Both now are about the same size,
both sport a black fringe on the upper
lip and both wear clothes. During the
long play the eyes of the young man
seldom wandered to the stage, and when
tho colonel tinally left the theater he was
shadowed by his discoverer. Kowalsky
didn't know it, and advanced along the
pavement. He drew a card from his
pocket and looked around the cabs for a
familiar number. It wasn't there, so he
continued along O'Farrell street, turned
into Powell and continued his course to
Geary. Again Colonel Kowalsky started
forward, reached Post street and hesitat
ed. Now was the time or never. The
young man who had followed him so
faithfully began a search for a policeman,
but before one was found the colonel had
taken a car, which sped away in the rain
just beginning to fall. The young man
who discovered him was chagrined at los
ing him so easily, but, undaunted, carried
the matter to Sheriff Martin yesterday
morning. Sheriff Martin was preparing to
clean out the County Jail, when one of
his sleuths found that Frenna was dozing
in his cell during theater hours on Sunday
night. Colonel Kowalsky, he also dis
covered, was the cause of all the trouble.
Revenue Decisions.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch was
notified yesterday of a decision of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue that,
owing to the absence of a special statu
tory provision exempting' them, county
fairs must pay the special tax.
The United States Board of General Ap
praisers, sitting at New York City, has
decided that expenses Incurred In a for
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
* f #ne Gran- VBU|C ~gs AflHftj#fe£felJ to iA J? Best Fam- *
* cj! ted ißii EWfl i^JKi II^H' 7^ Four 1
* Sugar— ffl Ip^ And ****' °' 4 *
* *'- <w - CAUFWIiIASLiPCESrT'JiMERUXS.CMtiDESTSTOIiE. ** mi3Ua «
I 75c and 85c Dress Goods I
I for 52 c. I
I Special Sale for Wednesday Only. |
» 46-inch Cheviot in shades of gray, tan and new blue, our regular 85c *
* quality, also a line of handsome mixed suitings, ranging in width J
4, from 44 to 52 inches, choice line of colorings for fall and winter «
* wear, our regular 75c quality — all on special sale to-day at the J
J uniform price, per yard 52c *
* *
I Trimmings One-Quarter Off I
* A Sale of Remnants for Wednesday Only. |
» We offer our entire stock of remnants of braids and trimmings, 21
* nearly all of them this season's newest effects, at a special sale «■
* this day only, when a reduction of one-quarter will be made from *
* the already marked remnant prices. %
{ ========= *
{ s £ E m d™d a y. Ladies' FleecQ" ■ *
* a {? of Hied A& *
! P°^'r , SL Contain- #^ ?
* Now 13 the time to v*^m 4' «'* ; *t/'M
* begin thinking of * J$L atlOn ft *^/j/.'i %
* dre,sin-> dolls for J» 51//7S, iSll l
* Chnstm-s, and to- S^U^S, OO« X / / «
* day the big store f,^^^ /»//'! ')P *
» offe-s some good rra'^/iW\ Lid vs 1 heavy /M\l(, >''',! i<>! IV, *
A dolls for that pur- wf v \ fleece-lined cot- {{((W^WiW/ 7 *
£ pose at a v;ry.-pe- l]i\ [\\ f ton Combination vvvM l^)^'! I '/// / *
* cial price. Tney are JJJ * MA Suits, high neck, ; \Jj .' \'' 2
* made cf Papier &*t //f|\^ long sleeves, W|l ]W 2>
* Mache, which does Ail f 7 /yj\ ankle length, but- \s f l^Yw''///lj '2
* not easiy break, [)». ''%$* toned down front, ■ v %V///// I «
? and have patent ( ' iCs^ ■ -y^ covered seams iVMi'li/'A *
1 joints at wrists, 'l, 7^\Til' an(^ neatly fin- l'Awl ' /'/ *
£ eibow and knee, so ' I^l l )( Ml i--hed in front \\ft\\\\l \\\t *
$ that they can be set . "| A I >// and around neck, V^\l''\\V'-1 **
* in any position, fine J \\\ o ecru or natural v\\u l 1 ««
* quality bisqu • heads, <^--^ W color — on special \ 1 I ' v
* Bleeping eyes and sale to-day (Wed- 2
* mohair wig — nesday) only, per suit 230 «•
X 21-inch $1.75 dolls, to-day $1.18 ■ 4.
a 23-inch $2.25 dolls, to-day $1.43 m *
r[ Wedmsdav SbeciaL Fancy Tux- «
* — 25c Novelty s io ; c ,i: eni !i c ♦
jv • mm^ m m m «<p» opotTuxtdo *
i . _ Veilings, 18c. an .i v vet *
* $25 CheVlOt DreSS Spat Grenaa.ne Veils, the regular 18- *
* m __ ' nc ' l a " s ' kind, in back, brown or J
* Special T< O m Day $!& navy, regularly 25c a yard — on sp«<va! 2,
* , . , sale this day only at iBo «#>
$> This season broad- J *
* #s^^lv/^ii wale Cheviot Dres a . | ?
* C^M A in S ra ' brown and ' ■ ' ) "' a/ W driest ay. J
* Tf^%\ blue gray, icket BOYS' Crush *
& K-'O^r^ double breasted and §jb*Z4~ *
», >mT/ silk lined, skirt na*9p -^r-^ «
* Ao| I habit back ' perca " 30Cm J^~^S\ *
£ /A ° -1/ line lined and new ;Boys' Saxony Wool /mj^ Umj^ 3
* LCV ° X bind!n - '. f ll ! lzeB Teescop 3 Crush i
2 '//'/nsXsM- on special sale thls Hats, suitable for f* «£ Y?3 «#
* r\ day a iii»"nn EC:001 or dreß3 ''ill; 1 L 1 *
'/I ! I'lfj y' o '"" purposes, colors l-«-- ¥■< *
* ' 1' Social Wednesday. °; iv « brOWQ an » \^A / , %
I h\ I. Millinery T^lT-on J&d^ \
i / V Bargains ' special sa'e, to <ty^^ q
* // 1 \ $1.50 Laughing close 3Qc 2
* / / I \ Gulls, correct bir.l *
% / / for trimming go f Men's Silk Lined «
{ LKfJ satMd^o^aT.! Mocha Gloves, 79c. %
£, >j -..98c To-day (WedT we p.ac> on sale <?
* $1.50 Novelty Butterflies, black witu 25 dozen men's fins new silk lined Mocha "#
* wait?, this sea on's high noveltie- — jG oves. Tney conn in a swell shads of *
? special to-day only QBg tan, are easily slipped on because of the 2
a $35' Imported Pattern Hats, from Pars' si k lining, and are warm :r than ordinary
%, best makers, e!egant:y trimmed— on i.id gloves, the regu'ar price $1.25 r>er <$}
9k specia. sale to-day only at $2S pair — the special prica to-day 704? >•?
eign port in repairing American vessels
are dutiable at 50 per cent ad valorem
for painting, carpenter-work, wages of
mechanics, etc. The Commissioner ex
plains that the statute was made for the
encouragement of American labor.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The Preparations for the Anniversary
"Celebration Next Friday.
The commfttep having: charge of the en
tertainment to be g^ven on the night of
Friday, the 27th inst.. in Odd Fellows'
Hall, in celebration of the anniversary of
the organization of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen, the pioneer of fraternal
beneficiary organizations of the United
States, has completed all its arrangements
for the event. The committee is: J. Col
lins grand master workman; Edwin Dan
forth deputy grand master workman;
Grand Master Snook. Walter Malloy, J.
H. McKnlpht and John T. Kidd.
An excellent programme of vocal, musi
cal and literary numbers has been ar
ranged. Past Grand Master Workman W.
1 1 Karnes will give a history of the or
der which in the past thirty odd years
has distributed nearly eighty-nine million
dollars to widows and orphans of deceased
members of the order and a large sum to
living members in sick benefits. He will
tell now more than thirty years ago
"Father" Upchuroh. in Meadville. Pa.,
wishing to help his fellow workmen, con
ceived the Idea of having them band to
gether, and by paying a small amount
monthly create a fund to be used in as
sisting widows and orphans.
From this small organization the ; ork
men have increased to more than 360,000,
and a number of other organizations
working on the same lines have sprung
into existence. Ex-Grand Recorder David
S Hirshberg will talk on the fraternal
feature of the Order of Workmen.
ASK
QUESTIONS!
Before you invest in oil stocks,
ask questions— lots of them. Ask
about the title to the land, the
area, facilities for transportation
and the cost to get the product to
market. Ask, too, about the
amount of development work ac-
complished and what disinterested
bodies (if any) reported the pres-
ence of oil on the property.
Our answers and the proof to
these and other questions will war-
rant your investing in our stock
at $5 per share. Our wells In Con-
tra Costa, nine miles from Oak-
land, where we have bored 900 feet,
will be producing oil in less than
ten days. Then you won't be able
to buy stock at any price. Come
and ask questions.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
Rooms 322-323 PARROTT BUILD-
ING, SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
BUY STOCK
IN THE
SPARKS
COMPANY.
—
The remainder of 6000 shares is on sale
at the company's, office. :
This is the LIGHTEST, STRONGEST
and CHEAPEST machine on the market.
Investigate its merits.
SPARKS AUTOMOBILE CO.,
Room 325 Parrott Build£.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
S. GOODENOUGH, Secretary.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Ib ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
World's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the ".ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores!
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is inserted as
our Contribution.
flfgßj^tfiftv STGP f £D FREE "
™S fil |£5« Permaaently CarerJ
k W, X2W Insanity Prevented by
S§ ¥ TOW BR ' KLIWE'S GREAT
Ji W BERVE RESTORER
I Foritlrecare tar an Sfwm **«««• **"• SpCv *l
Spam. and SI. T-lul Defies. Ml -' t " r £«" c 1 ?"
after cm d»j'« o»». Treatise end $2 trial bottlo
r re . t» Fit P««»«n«, they i*jm» ; "*'•' i^'i'tm
»h?a revived. B«d w I«r. CT^r Lid. Brtlerno
Initttnt. of Marine. tn >' ' -iphla.Pa.
\M. X. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATrORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus bpreckels Bids.
Telephone "rown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
IS Gall $1.00 Der Year
56
41/ «o«5 v^i^^fe^^ UL S&w
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 25. 1899 :
« _
JOHN D. SFR ECKELS, Proprietor.
I E '•'*. 'zgz?.
PUBLICATION OFFICE McrKet and Third Sis.. S. F
Telephone Man IS6B.
tDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Teleph-ne Main lsTt
DELIVERED UT CARRIERS. Iff CENTS PER VTEE3.
c .rc'.« Cop!e«. 5 cents.
Terra* by Mall. Including Postage:
HAILT CAM. (Including II '«;.■ Call), one year 80. 00 j
: All CALL. (i-iclu^lr.ff Sunday Call). I months 3.00 ]
DAILY CALL. <lr.cius!r!K Sunday Call;. 3 months .... 1.50 I
DAILY CAIJj— By Single Month <KSc j
SUNDAY CALL One T»ar , 1.50
WEEKLY CALL On* Year 1.00
a:. jciur.aat^ni are authorized to r«eelv. i':bscr!ptloni.
S»=pie copies ■:.: 1+ forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquetta Building,
Chicago.
.NEW YORK CORRESPCNDE.NT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald SquarS
NEW YORK REPRESE.NTATIVEt
PERRY LUKENB JR 29 Trlbuns Building
—————
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bb«rmAO Houae; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; '
•Frecnost House; Austtoriuin Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- A c*. .r. a tel, A. Brtrct&ao, SI Union Equare;
Morn? Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
d. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICE6— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, ODen until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open UQtll 930
o'clock- 613 Lark;ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
:S4l Mission street, opsn until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'cloc'<> '096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh;
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
OrjJheom— "Vaudeville. "
California— "A Breech of Promise."
ColumMa— "A Milk White Flag '
TlvoK— "La lielle Heiene."
Alcazar — "Tte Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera -House— "The Conspirators."
Chutes, Zoo aoi Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
erentn*.
Olyrr corner Mascn and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park and perforrsances.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-<!ay.
— —
STILL MORE CLASSES.
-
IN his address in the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
tnct Mr. I ::eian proceeded to assume that labor
ing men would r.ot be allowed to vote. He there
upon worked himself into a hot box and excitedly
cried out: "I want you all to know that the Civu
Lode guarantees two nours xrom his jabor without i
loss of pay to every man. to vote at a general election, j
We snail insist upon this, but want no one to lose
his position by it, but the code says no one shall I
lose his position for it. I shail have it announced i;i j
the newspapers, after legal advice. I want you to
do this not for our sakes. but for yours, because we
are your friends, working for you."
By the way, Mr. Pheian of course has released
the iarge number of wage-workers employed in his j
industrial enterprises, to whom he pays wages. His ]
rent collectors, who promptly collect from his ten- I
ants, and his bank clerks, who figure interest on his '
gold-bearing mortgages, can march to the polls with |
conndence that their places will be open alter they ]
have used the red rubber stamp on the Australian
baliot. But he is afraid that the gentlemen who
merely employ thousands of common mechanics,
who by their wages support tens of thousands in i
their families, will not get a chance to vote .unless j
"I" consult a lawyer and publish it in the news-
The transparent demagogy of the Mayor, who em
ploys men mainly on his rent roll and interest com- I
putations, in suggesting to the honest wage-earners
• . ■■ . -. • >
ot this city that only he stands between them and I
disfranchisement, is something to make the statues
en hi lawn slap their gypsum thighs and laugh like
the front row at a ballet.
Ihe Republican candidates want even' mechanic j
and workingmen to vote. Three years ago the la- J
boring men did not need Mr. Phelan's assistance and
the advice of his lawyer on that matter. They had
plenty ot leisure. There was no need of the code
to secure their positions after r.vo hours spent at the
polls, for they had no positions to lose, no waee«
to sacrifice. They were taking their turn for a day's j
work on the Balboa boulevard and other semi- I
charitable public enterprises, devised to keep them |
away from the public souphouse or the poorhouse. I
Mr. Phelan'3 party had been running things, and
while the great Pheian industry of rent collecting and-»
interest computation went on just the same, the great
wage-paving industries were dead.
i hey are now resurrected. Every day the call
goe9 out for men to earn the wages that are ready
for them to win. The allegiance of the working
man is not to men, but to conditions which he in
telligently comprehends. Mr. Phelan in his speech
accepting his nomination of himself said that if ha
is elected Mayor now, and his party wins, having
been faithful over few things it will be trusted over
many in the State and in the nation. This was a
plain declaration that a vote cast for him is a vote
affecting State and national politics. The working
men had a long, hard taste of his kind of national
politics. It gave them ample leisure to study the
effect. They do not wish any more of it just now,
and are interested in the conditions which suggest
another dose. They don't wish to build another
Balboa boulevard.
The Harvard students who wanted to steal an
•rican cannon from the citadel at Quebec
might be given an opportunity to vent their patriotic
asm by trying to capture a few modern guns
ilippmes.
Champion Jim Jeffries has again taken occasion to
at there i? nothing the matter with his wind.
The announcement was entirely unnecessary — the
he gives out daily are sufficient proof of
the assertion.
reported that Miss Daisy Bowman of Cali
i has scaled the summit of Mount Popocatapetl.
! that she found "Pop" a little shy for the
n that she was the first woman he had seen for
many a year.
tches from Cape Town declare that Cecil
Rhodes is clamoring for reinforcements. That's the
rich fellows — the more they have the
they want.
Horses and buggies come high in San Luis Obispo
A man who tried to steal a team the other day and
was caught hanged himself in remorse
THE BAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
A NEW PATRIOTISM
WE recently quoted certain Eastern imperialist
newspapers and the Array and Navy Journal
on the patriotic duty i ans to support
England in her policy of destroying the two Dutch
republic- I Africa, the Orange Free State
ar.ii the Transvaal. It must be confessed that at the
• ■:. - we felt a "" -
proposition. - vever, there have been
daily accttmuki c thai -here is a set
deter: oat p and '■ policy.
Under it ' : '
■ kindred v I "Ago
nize the imper to be
onced as un] tic! The news is given out
•jur Govej " red, through its dip
lomatic and • service abroad, daily reports'
of the view taken of South African atia;rs in the
Continental capitals. This information is to the effect
■ • the powers are contemplating an identical note
:eat Brita. ":ng a statement of her v. '..
• be the extirpation
■ in the republics in order to in
ilonial dominion there, the powers mil
■ • China, Turkey and on the
Persian Gulf cone de necessary to the
■ international positions. The>e
con. • the imperial skin oi England at
Touching them it is said that England
and the United States have an understanding whereby
the former is to buy all n this country,
and the United States • tain from joining in
the identi i 3te and agree to preserve the integrity
of the Shanghai c ssions to Great Bri'.air. •
prevent aggres as on i ' i y quarter where we
have also material interests at stake. As our new
theory of material inter- far afield, it will be
y requires that we I Eng
rom the ] I Coast to the .' -an.
Concurrently with the enlargement of this news
comes an interview with Hon. Clifton R. Breckin
ridge, son of John C. Breckinridge, and recently
Minister to Russia, in which he declares that if the
powers present such identical note, or attempt to em
barrass England while she is exterminating the
South African republics, ■• will be the imperative
duty of the United States to take the part of Great
Britain and sustain her with our whole moral and
material force. He says that England's action in
South Africa "is in line with the duty and the de
velopment of the Anglo-Saxon race." and she de
serves the unanimous support of the American peo
pie, and "we should be enjoined by every sentiment
of pair: ■ -■ and every tie of racial kinship to stand
shoulder to shoulder with our brethren across the
mcd so far
• ■ sto exci:-
phase - I of the
If the ■ »na is to
ad flag to an
■ athies are to be
taken away ft tnd given to
race; an 1 these pi
and defensive with Great Britain
us prospect
■uch the quick :' ur re] v
Mr. Br< ' ->nging
5 to the ■ hanan,
■ V. Mas • -■
• ■■ .... . •• .
. -on.
.to create here a continental
• ' ■ . " " ■ its i sources,
able tc ' rever free from
:' war and
seen that tl ■ - pat tistn foi
■ - ■
there when will we be de
ings fr iton comes
land will buy all her
supplies of us ai --nd the lion and the
• she .vines out the Dutch
repubi: rs ago 1 would have been
in principles for the profits
on the ammunition used by an empir-: in destroying
republics in Africa, It may be that our people have
:ar on the road that they have no
wish to return, and this will be shown by the degree
of their acquiescence in the views of Mr. Breckin
ridge.
Surely the world has never seen such a transforma
tion as has resulted from our war to lift the yoke of
Spain from her rebel' -cts, if it have put us
in the position of aiding England in the imposition
of her yoke upon the Boers.
If we are to stand guard over her former conquests
while she UJ rs and Maxim? to impose th?
pax Britanhica upon the Boers, and are to call it
patriotism to do so, history -aill have something to
say about the lion and the jackal.
The reputation of Governor Gage is traveling. At
Seattle last Monday Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet. presi
dent of the Northern California delegation to the
Women's Christian Temperance Union convention,
declared that he was '"the weakest ; ( nd the smallest
Governor on earth." Her statement is clear enough
as far as it went, but would have been more satis
factory had she explained his excuse for being on
earth.
THE FIRST DAY'S FIGHT AT GLENCOE.
i \ J HEN" the account of the first day's fighting
\ \j at Glencoe, near Dundee, given in the dis
k * patch from Pretoria published in The Call
yesterday, is compared with that given out by the
British it will be that the conflict between the
antagonists on the field was not much greater than
that between the reports of the results. The compari
son is worth noting. Owing to the isolation of the
Transvaal nearly all the news from the war must
come from British sources or be transmitted by
! British lines of communication, and is therefore
liable to the coloring of British hopes or prejudices.
The evidence given in the Pretoria dispatch of ex
aggeration in the reports of the first battle will serve
to show to what extent allowance will have to be
made for the^e inevitable misrepresentations.
The British reports of the battle were to the effect
that a severe and almost a crushing defeat had been
inflicted upon the Boers. It was said: "There was
eight hours of continuous heavy firing. * * *
The British loss was severe, Lut that of the Boers
was much heavier. * * * The Boers got a re
verse which may possibly, for a time at any rate,
check all aggressive action." After describing the
charge up the hill and the capture of the position
occupied by the artillery of the Boers, the British
rts went on to say: '"As the Boers streamed
wildly down the hills, making for the main road,
they found their retreat had been cut off, but they
| rallied for a while and there was severe firing on
both sides. Many of them surrendered. A rough
estimate places the British loss at 250 killed and
wounded, and that of the Boers at 800."
The report from Pretoria giving an account of the
battle says: "The Transvaal Government received
this morning (October 21) the following dispatch
from Commander General Piet Joubert: 'Com
mander Lucas Meier has had an engagement at
Dundee. He made a plan of campaign with Com
mandant Erasmus by messenger. Erasmus, however,
• 3 appear. It is estimated that the British lost
heavily. Our forces suffered, but owing to the mist
it hss been impossible to get all the details. It is re
• ten of our forces were killed and twenty
rive v
Thus in a r- nfiict which the British report ss a
severe reverse to the Boers, the Boers report but
ten killed and twenty-five wounded, instead of the 800
estimated by the British. As to which of the two
accounts is the nearer accuracy something in the way
of light may be derived from the fact that instead of
7 being prevented from undertaking aggressive action
■ time the Boer? were able to renew the at
tack next day and are at this time pressing the Brit
ish hard and close not only at that point but at all
-ng the line of defense.
It is clear from this evidence that while the Brit
ish reports may be in the mam correct, they are not
to be relied upon so far as the estimates of the re
sults of the battles are concerned. Even- success of
their arms will seem to them a crushing defeat of the
Boers, and later news will be required to tell whether
the Boers themselves fee! it in that way.
The goat has been made the subject of a joke for
times beyond number, but" when the cook of the
City and County Hospital uses the ciown of beasts
for mutton chops it seems like carrying the joke too
far.
THE CHARTER DECISION.
IN rebuking Examiner rant over the s.uit to test
the validity of the new charter we pointed out the
prime necessity of a judicial test of that instru
ment prior to its taking effect as the fundamental
of the city. Every man of common sense under
stood the need of arftrming it before it became opera
tive rat':- subjecting every municipal interest
to the suspense of waiting upon such a decision after
g ivernraent was organized according to its terras.
The decision is rendered. The charter is sustained
in all its parts and there is hereafter no temptation
to attempt to have it judicially picked to pieces by
tt law on any of its provisions or details.
It is now the fundamental law. It became so not
by the action or agency of any political party but
by the calm co-operation of all the separate depi
of authority, popular, leeislative, executive and ju
dicial, by law charged with the power to join in its
production. It is easy of enforcement and will be
enforced to the line and the letter, for the public
opinion which ran throughout its creation will stand
back of its administration.
Walter L. Farnsworth of Chicago has admit- I
to the police of that city that he is not only a man of
many aliases but is a bigamist to the extent of forty
two wives in as many parts of the world. He is a
candy man, too, sweet thing!
TRUSTS AND CURRENCY REFORM
SENATOR ALLISON in opening the Repub
lican campaign in lowa was notably strong in
his declarations concerning the action like to
be taken by the Republicans of Congress this winter
in dealing with questions of currency reform and the
regulation of trusts, those two issues having been
given considerable importance in the campaign by
the Democrats, who have charged the Republican
party with being favorable to trusts and with playing
fast and loose with the financial issue. These mat
ters are of concern to the whole nation and it is
therefore gratifying that the Senator spoke of them
rather than of some local question, for no 'Senator
can speak for Republicanism with more authority
than Allison.
"The Republican party," said he, "has not hesi
tated to deal with the question of trusts in the past
ill not shrink from dealing with it now." He
went on to point out that the issue has been raised
by the natural evolution of our economic life and
that the solution of its problems requires the highest
abilities and the best purposes of earnest student;.
At present it is not and cannot be made a party ques
tion, since all parties are agreed that trusts should
be subject to regulation for the purpose of prevent
ing such evils as may develop in them, but no party
a> yet has formulated any definite plan or policy of
regulation. Congress, said he, and the various State
legislatures will after full debate legislate in such a
way as to minimize if not wholly eradicate the per
nicious features of such combinations, and to that
end the best men of both parties should and doubt
■ ;s will work together.
The currency question is a party question and
Senator Allison confirmed the expectations of those
who look to the Republican majority in Congress
•.=;ure currency reform at the coming session.
Upon that point he said:
"It is the purpose of the Republican party, which
has constantly sustained our system of sound money
based upon the gold standard, to continue to main
tain it — all of it. whether silver or paper — at a parity
with and convertible directly or indirectly into gold
at the will of the holder, and it will be maintained in
the future, not by the voice of party, but by the voice
of the American people, and the laws upon our
statute books upon this subject will be invigorated
rind strengthened to maintain it and preserve it, and to
make it impossible for any Secretary of the Treasury
or any President by his own fiat and without positive
affirmative legislation of Congress to force upon the
people in some hour of temporary depression or of
national slumber the depreciated standard of silver
money, or place any of our money at a premium or
discount."
It is to be noted that Congressman Henderson,
who will be the Speaker of the House, in a recent
speech has taken exactly the ground of Senator Alli
son on both these i«sues. "There should be abso
lutely no party politics," he said, "on the trust ques
tion. The party or person who attempts to make
political capital out cf it is neither wise nor fair. The
party that does it is controlled by demagogues and
the person who does it is a demagogae." Concern
ing the financial .question, he said: "I predict that a
Republican Congress will legislate at the coming
session so as to increase the confidence of the peo
ple, establish firmly the gold standard of the civil
ized world and let the people know that all their
obligations will be discharged on a safe, firm basis."
Admiral Dewey is sharing the penalties as well
as receiving the rewards of greatness. Hetty Green
now claims him as a relative. She says her grand
mother was a Storey and one of "his female ancestors
was a Storey and — but that's another story.
The good people of Nebraska are doomed to even
worse torment than that of a blizzard. They are to
suffer the devastating progress of another windstorm.
Williaqi Jennings Bryan is preparing for a town-to
town canvass throughout the State.
MORE PRAISE FOR THE CALL'S
"HOflE STUDY CIRCLE."
COGSWELL POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE,
Cor. of Folsom and 26tn Streets.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 7, 1899. r — r~ '
Editor of The Call: In a time
when every earthly and unearthly J
temptation to idleness, and worse, j 7* Jft^m
is fluttering its most alluring J
colors and fashions in the face
of the young, half - formed mechan- *%^ ||
ie and clerk, a counter to them ! B||
like that proposed by The Call j
must be welcomed by every man who 1
has eyes or ears and uses them.
Nor should we forget that the w H v ' RAYMoND -
student body of the Home Study Circle is a
body that will never cease to challenge the
admiration of the world while it numbers
among its members such names as Michael An-
gelo, Elihu Burritt, Benjamin Franklin, Hugh
Miller and others of their kind. Nor yet,
while this is true, should it be forgotten
that this circle confers its gifts of honor
only upon those who love it and are loyal to
it, even as the sons of the university are
loyal to their alma mater. Yours truly,
Supt. of Instruction C. P. C.
HOW LIPTON
GOT HIS START
IN THE WORLD
MUCH Is being published about Sir
Thomas Lipton ai this time— about
his origin, his birth, his rise, his
tastes, affiliations, passions and
prejudices. I have met him sev
eral times, and think I know him fairly j
well. I have not met him since he became j
Sir Thomas; he was plain Mr. Lipton '
APPRECIATED THE CALL'S MAP OF THE WAR
whe-n I last encountered him. and traveled
; in the same Pullman coach with him from
El Pa.=o, Texas, to the city of Washington.
I should think this was about five years
; ago.
It has been asserted time and again, ana
I frequently on the alleged authority of Sir
Thomas, that he was born in Glasgow,
'■■ Scotland, though of Irish parentage. Sir
Thomas told me that he was born in the
town of Dungannon, county of Tyrone.
; Ireland, and that his people lived in Ire
[ land. He was taken to Scotland by his
' parents in his infancy and they settled in
I Glasgow. He was given five years at the
! public schools, and then was apprenticed
!in a big mercantile establishment. His
1 duties here for the first few years were
j various. He was kicked and cuffed, of
course. He attended to the windows, he
• up the floors, and polished up the
I handles of the big front doors.
At the end of his first year's service he '
j found himself with half a crown anead. !
; A half-crown is a British silver coin, |
sometimes called "two-and-six," and ap- j
proxirr.ates closely to our 50-cent piece, j
He was happy. The coin did not get an j
: opportunity to burn his pocket— he salted }
'< It away. The second year he had a little
| more money; the third year more still. ;
and finally at the end of five years and his ■
' apprenticeship he was the absolute owner i
j of £10, rousjhiy speaking $50. But he had
accumulated a whole lot of worldly ex- ;
perlence, wisdom, and the craft of com
merce.
Let it be understood that I am reciting
this history as he told it to me himself in 1
! th* long journey between El Paso and i
I Washington. When he found himself a !
, free man with £10 "to boot" an irresistible <
'■ desire to visit his birthplace at Dungan- ,
! non, Ireland, possessed him. He ascer- i
.' talned that it would take nearly one-fifth !
■of his capital to make the journey. He j
■ knew right well that the cost of his sus- !
tenance while at Dungannon need not be ;
I taken into account. He left for his native i
I place, being then 17 years old. He told
! me at length the delights of his visit. \
\ How simple and industrious and prudent
: and patriotic hi? relatives and their neigh-
I bors were; about his vißits to the old
; church in Dungannon, where the historic
! convention of the Irish volunteers of 1752
: was held that demanded and won— for a
time— the legislative Independence of Ire
i land.
But wh.it attracted the commercial side
I of him was the Irish bacon. It goes with
j out saying that a. cookc-d pig is best when
:he is Irish. This If not only a maxim in
i trade but of the palate. Making inquiries
. young Llpton discovered that the rafters
I of every Irish farmhouse for miles around
I were laden with bacon, that there was no
(market for'it, and consequently no com
'< merclal value. Lipton. who had concluded
j to splurge a few shillings of his "pile" to
i make an impression on his old neighbors,
■ changed his mind and invested every pen
! Ny he had in Irish bacon. He carried It
1 back to Glasgow with him in a good
i sized box as luggage. He knew well the
; tastes and character of the principal pa
trons of the establishment where he
; served his apprenticeship, and to these he
displayed and sold his Irish bacon. He
1 cleared £10 in this, his first speculation.
He lo?t no time in returning to Ireland
and securing an option on all the bacoa in
the vicinity of Dungannon. Thus he laid
the foundation of his fortune.
Sir Thomas was given the handle to his
name Fcon after the Queen's Diamond
! Jubilee. There are two kinds of sirs in
I Great Britain. One kind is of the baronet
1 class, hereditary and regarded as semi
: aristocratic. The other, called knights,
: nearly anybody can attain who does any-
I thing successful. The usual route to this
I latter honor is to make a contribution to
some charity in which royalty is inter
ested, or to the campaign chest of the
party in power.
On the occasion of the Queen's Jubilee
the Princess of Wales parented the idea
i of giving a big feed including pie and un
i usual incidentals to the poor of Lon
; <3on. She appealed for funds and the re
j sponse was not gratifying nor s^pontane
i ous. The scheme was on the verge of col
lapse when Lipton went forward with a
I contribution of $125,000. Soon afterward
I he was dubbed Sir Thomas.
He has large interests In this country.
i He owns immense cattle raising ranches
j n Texas and Montana and is largely mi
i terested in more than one of the big pack
i ing establishments of Chicago.
| Sir Thomas does not readily trtl his age,
' but I shu uld Judge that he was in the
■ neighborhood of 53 years. He is well pre
• served. His mustache is of good growth,
' and he shaves himself every morning. So
I expert he !s at shaving that he did it on
1 a Baltimore and Ohio train east of Graf
i ton, where it requires a gymnast almost
Ito hold his seat. He is an all-round good
1 fellow, and would remind one of a Central
: Western American rather than of a
■ Briton. There is no txclusiveness about
: him. He is hearty in his manners, likes
i an occasional glass of whisky nr a bottle
j of ale and smokes both cigars and a pipe.
' In British politics he is a thorough
Irish Nationalist. He will probably be a
member of Parliament after the next gen
eral election. About a year ago Veaey
Knox. a Nationalist, resigned the repre
sentation of Derry in Parliament and the
Irish committee offered the seat to Sir
Thomas. He hesitated for a few days
and concluded not to enter Parliament
then, but promised to go in as a thorough
Nationalist at the next general election.
AINSTVORTH.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. V. Mohun. paymaster, XJ. S. N\, Is
staying at the Palace.
George A. Goodwin, a Napa banker, and ;
wife are at the Palace.
C. A. Canfield, owner of oil wells in Oil !
City, Cal., is at the Palace.
Frank Mattison, a leading lawyer of
Banta Cruz, is at the Grand.
Professor James E. Keeler and wife are
registered at the California.
H. J. Gossett, a prominent hotel man of
Reno, and wife are at the Grand.
William A. Junker, manager of the j
Hotel del Monte. Is at the Palace.
G. M. Foote, a well-known mining man !
of Hollister. is a guest at the Grand.
Jesse D. Carr, the well-known capitalist
of Salinas, is registered at the Occidental. ;
Percy L. Sehuman, a mining man of ;
Mokelumne Hill, is a guest at the Palace.
J. C. Kemp Van Ec, a prominent mining
man of Hodson, Is registered at the Pal
ace.
W. J. Barrett, a well-known business
man of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Grand.
George K. Rider, a prominent business
man of Sacramento, and wife are staying
at the Grand.
J. Brennan, a representative of the :
Dueber Watch Company of Canton, Ohio,
la a guest at the Lick.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— George T. Cater
and wife of San Jose are at the Holland. ,
Robert Graham and George A. Knight of
San Francisco are at the Imperial. Mrs.
William S. Shaw of San Francisco Is at
the Netherland. C. J. Banner of San
Francisco and Miss Spaulding of Santa
Barbara are at the Plaza. Mr. and Mrs.
L. A. Craig of Lcs Angeles are at the
Herald Square.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GAMES FOR HALLOWEEN— J. T..
City. In the "Book of Days." to be seen
at the Free Public Library, you will find
an account of games for Halloween.
PHILADELPHIA AND SAN FRAN
CISCO—A. O. S., City. The answer tc
your question about Philadelphia and San
Francisco appeared in Answers to Cor
respondents on the 6th of the current
month under the heading, "Area of Two
Cities."
ALTA EXPRESS-S.. Redwood City.
Cal. In order to determine the value, if !
any. of a postage stamp, there must bo
given in the letter of inquiry a descrip
tion of the stamp, beyond the denomlna- i
tion. There must be a description of !
color, what is printed upon it and all
that may serve to identify it.
FITZSIMMONS AND MAHER-J. D.
S., City. Fitzsimmon? knocked out Peter
Maher at New Orleans in twelve rounds
in 47 minutes March 22. 1892, and again in
Mexico in one round in 1 minute and 35
seconds in 1896, February 21.
(For the information of this and other
MISCELLANEOUS.
MOMENTS^
OF DELIGHT
PATTOSIEVS Great Rebuilding Sab
Bargains — Brass Beds
2 / 3 Priwe.
The urgency to get those dining
tables out of the way of the carpenters
is the reason why PATTOSIEN'S
have placed the cost below all propor-
tions to value. The truth is you can
get at either of PATTOSIEN'S Big
Stores, Sixteenth and Mission street-,
San Francisco, or Theater building,
San Jose, Beautiful Golden Oak Din-
ing-room Tables at two-thirds the regu-
lar selling prices.
Of course, as is ever the case, there
are some patterns more winsome than
others, so that early selections are to
be commended.
The demand for Brass (enameled)
Beds has increased to an enormous ex-
tent. In one door, out the other — that
the way Brass Beds are going. Can
hardly unpack them fast enough for the
people.
This extraordinary run on Brass and
Iron Beds is no doubt due to the fact
that the cost has gone up fully 25 per
cent over last season's prices, but PAT-
TOSIEN'S are selling them at the same
low prices of last year.
Moquette Carpets, $1.00. Sideboards
and Solid Oak Extension Tables for
$6.c0, worth twice that, and China
Closets, and Chiffoniers, and Ward-
robes, and Chairs and Rockers, and
Mattings, and Rugs, and Fancy Writ-
ing Desks, and Fancy Tables, : and
Fancy Furniture, in exclusive designs,
and 'Linoleums, and Oilcloths, and
Stoves and Ranges— everything for the
comfort of the home— all cut away be-
low "installment combine" prices for
inferior "touched-up" stuff.
Lightning has no use for messenger
boys.
correspondents -who expect Er. answer the
day after the letter of inquiry is re
r-plved this department announces that
veral hundred letters of inquiry are
received even' month answers are
procured as soqn as it is possible to do
so and that these answers are turned in
numerically and they appear in the order
in which they are turned in as space per
i mitsj
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsead'a.*
» ♦ «
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t»ie
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mon;
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Yesterday's Insolvents,
Charles P. Troy, deputy sheriff. Baa
Francisco, $3273 tt; so assets, Powell R,
Himes. liveryman, San Francisco, liabili*
ties, $STS; no assets.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup*
Has been used tor fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, ■often*
the gums, allays pain, cures "Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is th« best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, -whether arising from teething or
ether causes. For eale by druggist* in every
part of the world. . Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Not only HO by
steamship, including fifteen days* board at ho
tel; longer stay. J2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Reception to a Pastor.
The ladies of St. Luke's Church will
. give a reception to Rev. and Mrs. David
C!aiborne Garrett to-morrow evening in
! the Sunday-school rooms of the new
church, corner of Van Ness avenue and
i Clay street. There will be choice vocal
and instrumental music. All members
and attendants of St. Luke's are cordially
invited.
ADVERTISEMENrS.
Scrofula and
Consumption
People tainted with scrof-
ula very often develop con-
sumption. Anemia, running
of the ear, scaly eruptions,
imperfect digestion, and
enlargement and breaking
down of the glands of the
neck, are some of the more
prominent of scrofula symp-
toms—are forerunners of con-
sumption. These conditions
can be arrested, consumption
prevented and health re-
stored by the early use of
Scott's Emulsion
Your doctor will tell you so.
At all druggists : 50c. »nd #1.00.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York.PAUSON & CO.'S NEW STORES,
f*ffi) these are extra specials to
£& :V *«) introduce the boys' depart-
-4E£?^sw)& men i.
fi^^^M^s, 1 hey are the greatest bar-
! 'Pffl y gains we ever offered,
v'l^Js^v c don't know of another
Xj* /f house that ever offered as
ft. good. | I
hJ / It will pay mothers to buy p
Wm, now, no matter if the boy f|
7 \\ don't need a new suit. P
W(^»H £A% r A ™"tH#' B
Pv V^" Blouse and Middy Suits, all co ors, &l! sizes, in Serges, Kg)
i \ \\ l/j\ Cheviots and Tweeas. £--'^
m PAUSOTII CO I
/A\ "WORLD BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS," p
JJ 918-922 MARKET ST. 200-204 KEARNY ST. I
W' Opposite the Emporium. Northeast cor. Slitter. |\^|
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ADVANCE CALIFORNIA.
Genuine and Unanimously Conceded Triumph
"of H .' Stewart's and Clay M. Greene
Comic Opera.
THE
CONSPIRATORS !
Which Will Be Presented Even' Evening Till
Further Notice.
A FORMIDABLE RIVAL TO
••ROBIN HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES,— s'>c. tec. 2."c, Be and We.
A <•■;■ jJ Rfservpd ?<*at at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), OCT. 23.
Parquet, 2.V. any seat; Balcony, lCc; Children, .
10c, ar.y j>art.
WRIGHT huntington,
MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARREN.
MI=S LAURA BURT, SADA, VINIE DE-
WITT WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS,
MLLE*. ERNA'S TRICK AND MUSICAL
DOGS.
_L— O— T— T— Y—
The Sensation of the Season.
TOM BROWN, THE FLORENZ TROUPE. |
Don't Let the Children Miss the
DOGS AND MONKEYS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEAEON.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
EVERY EVENING-SATURDAY MATINEE.
The Superb Conilo Opera Success
"La Belle Halm."
One of the Greatest Hits In Years!
VnfxcellPd Cast. Orchestra, Chorus and Effect*'.
SPECIAL BENEFIT TO-NIGHT for the SICK
FUND of BUENA VISTA PARLOR No.
63, Native Daughters Golden West. ■
POPULAR PRICES, 25 and SO cents.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 8.
Next Week— Sumptuous Production of
"L'AFRICHINE."
Avedano. Salaesa, Anna Llchter, etc., In cast.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
REMARKABLE PRODUCTION.
EVERY XIGHT AT S.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AT 2.
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
TH!; TALK OF THE CENTURY!
EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
Costumes made especially for thin presentation.
OLYMFIA r *SZ'6m
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
FRANK BARTON,
The King Of Coon Singer*.
BROTHERS
Ring; Artists Who Have the Town by the Ears.
RUTH INELTA,
The Expanslonlet Songstress and Her
FILIPINO BABY.
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
MATINEE EVERY .SUNDAY.
AM."..! I; NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, dep-'
tember 23. ||M.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or rhlae.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
]2:80. J. 1:30. 2. 2:30 anO 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with dan
Pat.'lo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and !
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
l:ii?da Mole connect with Sa*> .Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains pave the track at 4:15 and
4 40 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B MiI. ROY Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
'V* WP aa<iy ! H aBijIfgj^ThEATUJ
UP TO & INCLUDING SATURDAY NIGHT!
DUNNE AND RYLEY PRESENT
HOYT'S Most Celebrated Farce.
A Milk White Flag
NOTE. PRICES:
BAR£AIN oN ANr : ; KntlreI _ moo,
A 1 "^ 1 NEE Remainder of house
TO-DAY. 2r»c.
SUNDAY NIGHT,
MfITHEU/S and BULGER
In "BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
CALIFORNIA THEATER
LAST FOUR NIGHTS AND TWO MATINEES
OF THE LAUGHING HIT OF
THE SEASON.
I A Breach of Promise I
DON'T FORGET—
REGULAR MATINEES SATURDAY,
SUNDAY.
Regular Matinee Prices— soc, 25c,
EVENING PRICES— 7Sc. EOc, 25c.
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT. Oct. 19,
Delcher & Hennessy's Extraordinary Farce,
"BROWNS IN TOWN."
CONCERTS AND KESOi&TS.
CHUTES ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
MAJOR MITE, SMALLEST ACTOR ON
EARTH!
ADCIE AND HER LIONS,
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
DEWEYS RECEPTION on Land an.l Sea Re-
produced by the Animator
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT.
AMATEUR MILITARY CONCERT.
| Phone for Seats, Park 23.
OPEN FROM I UNTIL 12 P. At.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
| Is now the funniest resort In America, Coney
Island transff-rred to San Francisco to make
| every one laugh; everything new and novel.
> Pronounced by thoupands to he the real thine
PROFESSOR HILL, King of the Wire. Is a
■wonder.
Admission to all attractions and ride, 10c.
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR ALL.
gpS nFp B£& /2£\ ALBERT
I i<B OP HOEFLICH
I ' II Wvi ilk Im fort« r "d
j t -j |E—, » «»nnf»ctnrer,
1 Ul IU "6 Grant Ay.
Telephont
QREEN 325.
••»»»■»»■••-•••••»••»•>»••••♦■
i I Transcontinental tourists «nd tray- I
I elers from all over the United States I
[ I show their appreciation of the excel-
I lence of the
J PALACE ahd |
GRAND
II by making there hotels their headquar- '
,1 1 ters while In Ban Francisco. Fourteen (
j1 1 hundred rooms. 900 with baths largest
i 1 1 and finest In the world.
i i JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rii. J. EEPIO ; New York, E. rOUQERA & CO.
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
SURGERY
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY, Octobtv 23.
For further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS, M.D.. D.D.8., Dean,
416 Parrott build!
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M.. M.D Sec-
retary. 1121 Butter st.
RPTTQHF^ FOR BA «BER9. BAR-
DliUOni-lO » bootblacks, bath.
bouses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera'
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paperl
Mt.gtra, printers. painters. shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
tf» to IS week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire (rates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
SCANDAL'S BLIGHT ON
THE HOTEL RAFAEL
Baron yon Schroeder Destroyed
It as a Reputable Resort
General Warfield Demands and Secures a
Release of His Obligation as Man
ager and Lessee.
General R. H. Warfield will, on Novem- I
ber 1, surrender his lease of the Hotel \
Rafael to Baron yon Schroeder, the own- !
er of the property. To the general public !
this retirement of General Warneld will
be a surprise, but to those who have had '
an opportunity of observing events at the j
San Rafael hostelry, the expected has |
happened. General Warneld found it im
possible to conduct a respectable hotel
and to permit Baron yon Schroeder to |
enter the doors. The general has decided,
therefore, to retire from the contract that
was neither pleasant nor profitable.
He could not ask patronage of reputa- j
ble men and women and at the same I
time wink at the escapades of the Baro-n. I
It was impossible to ask decent men and
women who honor their homes to reside
under the same roof where gambling and
outrageous revelry made noisy the hours
of the night and shocked the senses of
respectable people. The Baron insisted ]
upon having his way and the other guests I
of General Warfleld indulged their privi- I
lege of moving out. Scandal threw its I
shadow over the establishment, and in j
that shadow General Warfleld counted j
his losses. The Baron became altogether !
too expensive a luxury and General War
field determined if possible to dispense
with him.
He therefore asked that he be permitted
to retire from the obligation of his lease
before its legal termination.
Baron yon Schroeder granted the !
request, and it is presumed he will i
conduct the hotel on the principles that j
made it odious to the people who once
favored it with their patronage. The
Baron has full liberty now to conduct his
gambling parties as frequently as he
pieasea and with whom he pleases. Il
ls free to manage it in what- I
ever way will best suit his manners and |
morals, and perhaps may nhviate the ne
cessity of having his brother booted from j
any more local hotels. The trouble be
tween Baron yon Schroeder and General
Warfield is of long standing.
When General Wariiehl leased the Ho-
I tel Rafael it was with the understanding j
; that the establishment was to be kept
open the entire year. After one year's
experience the manager discovered his
sum of profits were eaten by his winter
I losses and he asked permission to close
! the hotel .hiring the winter and make it
1 distinctively a summer resort. To this
Baron yon Schroeder would not agre.».
He Insisted the place be kept open the
entire year. Warfield demurred, but un
der the conditions of his lease was
forced to submit, although he went so far
as to offer Yon Schroeder the rent of the
place for the entire year with the prlvl-
"A WONDERFUL SUBJECT."
Rev. Joseph Sasia, S. J., Defines the
Power of Miracles.
St. Ignatius College Hall was filled with
an appreciative audience last night to
ADVERTISEMENT
BBBBKBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
I Free Tickets
62 B
gj TO THE |3
! Orpheum! I
v Kb
B H
H BUT TOUR ■
1 Lenox and 1
! Ivory Soap §
S SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND B
■ GET FREE TICKETS TO THE B
B OHPHEUM. B
g The Johnson-Locke 1
| Mercantile Co., ■
B 204 FRONT STREtT, £,
H BAN FRANCISCO.
rj Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory m
52 Soap Wrappers JJ'
n FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM =
■ UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- ■
13 . DITIONS: B
H if You Want a 250 Reserved Seat El
0 en<] 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP H
■ or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP m
S Or else Bend IS Wrappers of LENOX 2
■ SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVoRY SOAP »
PS If You Want a BOc Reserved Seat B
El end ...60 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP Q|
in Or 24 Wrappers oT IVORY SOAP m
Ji Or pipe send 25 Wrappers of LENOX ZJ.
™ SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ™
8888888898888888888888
|h|^^r The best of all |||
|t^^for Biliousness, JS
Sr Dyspepsia cndail^ggp
§# Stomach DisorderSj^^^
POLITICAL.
FOR SUPERVISOR
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
legje of keophiEf it open only during tho
summer months.
Even to this more than fair proposal
Baron yon Sclirocder would not agree.
This was the first but by no means the
most serious cause of the trouble which
led «P to the present retirement of War
field. When the hotel first opened every
possible effort was made to make It a
fashionable summer resort for reputable
people.
The Baron and his wealthy wife went
there and helped things along with a
monthly bill of $1100. They remained for
two years, and shortly afterward Baron
ess yon Schroeder went to Germany.
It was the general expectation that her
husband would quickly follow her, but
he found here company more congenial
and remained. Affairs In the Yon
Schroeder household had not been mov
ing as smoothly as might have been de-
Bired. The Baron was expensive. He i
spent money lavishly, and an estate \
which was estimated at over three mil
lion dollars began to dwindle until it
looked like four hundred and fifty thou
sand. A million dollars in bonds of the
Donahue railroad had gone. Gossip
tongues were wagging, and justly bo, for
the Baron took no pains to observe those
conventionalities which hide sometimes
even derelictions.
The Baroness, berore she left for Eu
rope, gave her power of attorney to At
torney Giselman, without whose signature
Baron Yon Schroeder cannot dispose of
any of his wife's property. After the de
parture of the Baroness, the Hotel Rafael
became the scene of incidents which
Conned the second ground of General
Warfield's complaint. Baron Yon richroe
der was even more reckless in his disre
gard of ordinary proprieties.
On more than one occasion he was asked
to desist and respect the feelings of men
and women who could not justly be asked
to submit without protest to insult. But
the Baron was obdurate — he owned the j
hotel. Little by little the story of scan- I
dalous scenes was spread. Rumor ex- I
ag^erated them and men who honor their |
reputation and women who respect their
skirts preferred to go elsewhere for their
summer vacation. The house became
worse than profitless.
It began to lose heavily and TVarfield !
decided if possible to retire. It was Idle
to expect that Yon Schroeder would alter
his mode of life and until he did it was
not to be expected that people worth hav
ing would give their patronage to the ho
tel. Wartlnld therefore induced Yon
Schroeder to release him from the obli
gation of his lease. The Baron did this
with the greatest unwillingness. He has
finally done so and to-day the necessary
documents of release will be signed.
hear a lecture by Rev. Joseph Sasia, S. J.,
entitled "A Wonderful Subject," under
the auspices of Columbia Council No 55
rounij Men's Institute. The programme
• opened with a piano solo by A. E. Magill
• Jr. D. J. Sheehan. president of the coun
cil, made a few Introductory remarks, and
John Desmond sang two tenor solos In
excellent voice.
In his lecture Father Sasia stated that
the subject as announced was but another
name for miracles, which no doubt his
auditors had already realized. He
prefaced his remarks by alluding to the
wonderful physical laws of nature which
regulated the phenomena of the vegetable
animal and human kingdoms, but which
in themselves were submissive Ito tne
hand who had created these laws
"It is the temporary suspension of these
laws, said the reverend lecturer, "by the
Creator whereby he performs miracles in
order to exhibit his divine omnipotence
and to manifest his glory to the world
God performs and has performed actions
above and beyond the ordinary course of
things, as has been attested by the in
! disputable evidence of reliable witnesses
But it is a fact that only the power whir i
has created these physical laws possesses
the wonirous power of suspending them
at will.
Father Sasia then proceeded to prove
three points which sum up the whole
proposition as follows: First, miracles
are possible and can be performed; sec
ond, miracles have absolutely and un
deniably occurred; third, miracles cannot
be accounted for by any material agent
or attributed to any created being but re
j quired for that purpose the omnipotent
i hand of God.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Pauline A. Schroeder from Herman
Schroeder on the ground of desertion
Mary E. Howland from Lamar C. How
land on the ground of willful "neglect
Louise J. Stephen from William Stephen
on the ground of failure to provide Ce
cilia Schuur.from Henry Schuur on the
ground of cruelty and Laura E. Bene
dictson from Olaf Benedictson on the
£I»n n fl d . i ie^ ct - *V llß for divorce have
been filed by Joseph Isaacs against Annie
Isaacs for desertion, and Amelia Cohen
against Morris S. Cohen for cruelty
WILL PICTURE LIFE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
LIEUTENANT RTOHARD J.
DOWDALL. n member of the
First California Tnlted States
Volunteers, will deliver an il-
luntrated lecture in Mission
Parlor Hall, on Friday evening noxt.
for the benefit of the uniform ami arm-
ory fund of Company L, First Regl-
ni'-!it. League of the Cross Cadets.
The committee of arrangements has
been meeting nightly at its armory,
1327 Market street, with a view to mak-
ing the evening's entertainment a
memorable one. Lieutenant Dowdail
will give an Interesting aocount of his
experiences in the Philippine? and will
exhibit his magnificent collection of
beautifully illuminated stereopticon
slides, embracing the entire career of
the First California Regiment.
Professor George Kanzee is also on
the programme to show with his cine-
matograph a variety of moving pie-
tures, chief among them the great bay
parade of welcome to the transport
Sherman with the California boys on
board, and the stirring picture of their
march up Market street. This will be
the first exhibition of the wonderful
pictures and will certainly prove an Important part of the programme.
Another feature of the entertainment will be the exhibition of a series of
snapshots taken at the three regimental encampments of Petaluma, Santa
Rosa and Santa Cruz. The cadets are looking forward to this part of the pro
gramme with deep interest, as many of the views were taken by snapshot
without the knowledge and consent of the subjects. A number of splendid pic
tures taken by Bronstrup, The Call artist, at the Santa Cruz encampment
will also be shown. Tickets of admission are 25 cents, and can be obtained at
the armory or from any of the members. The following energetic committee
has the affair in hand: Captain Frank Monahan, Lieutenants Frank Grimley
and Joseph Meagher. Sergeants Garratt Sears, William Smith, William Mc-
Donald. Thomas Mclntyre and Edward McKeon. Corporal George Meagher
and Privates Vincent Flnnigan, Albert McGill and Henry Kane.
CONGREGATIONAL
CHURCH PEOPLE
IN CONVOCATION
Great Gathering at
First Church,
- ■■ ♦
INTERESTING PAPERS READ
•
CORDIAL GREETINGS EXTENDED
FROM KINDRED BODIES.
♦ — ,
Rev. B. F. Sargent Tells About Theo
logical Seminary — Rev. J. H.
Warren on Organization
of State Association.
The four-day session of the forty-third
annual meeting of the General Associa
tion of California was commenced in the
First Congregational Church yesterday
afternoon. The convocation opened with
devotions conducted by Rev. G. A. Jas
per of Humboldt and after roll call or
ganization was effected by the election
of Rev. W. W. Bcudder of Alameda as
moderator; Rev. R. H. Sink of Stockton,
assistant moderator; Rev. G. A. Jasper,
scribe, and Rev. H. W. Benham of Clover
dale, assistant scribe. There were 200
delegates present.
The reports of delegates to other bodies
were read as follows: To Congregational
Association of Southern California, Rev.
J. K. McLean and Rev. W. W. Scudder;
to Hawaiian Association. Rev. G. B.
Hatch; to Synod of the Pacific, Rev. W.
A. Tenney; to Methodist Episcopal Con
ference, Rev. W. H. Cross; to Methodist
Episcopal South Conference, Rev. L. D.
Rathbone; to Central Baptist Association,
Hon. J. M. Haven; to Cumberland Pres
byterian Synod, Rev. Francis l^awson.
Rev. J. T. Ford brought greetings from
the General Association of Southern Cali
fornia. He stated that the Congrega
tional College of Pomona was out of debt
and had recently received an endowment
of IIOO.ijOO, but declared that this was not
enough, and he made an urgent appeal to
Students from Congregationalists in the
northern jurisdiction for assistance. Rev.
A. D. Pelt bpoke for the southern part
of the State, and Professor C. F. Nash
addressed the convocation as a delegate
from the State Association.
Rev. P.. F. Sargent read the report of
the visitors to the Theological Seminary,
In which he made a strong plea for a
closer relationship between the seminary
and the churches. H.e advised that one
half of the trustees t>e appoined by the
churches. A discussion followed, partici
pated in by Rev. Philip Coombe and Dr.
George Mooar, in which the latter said
that the proposition of moving the semi
nary to Berkeley was being considered,
but' there was considerable opposition to
it, and the matter was in abeyance.
On the recommendation of the nomi
nating committee the following commit
tees were appointed:
Business committee— Rev. G. B. Hatch,
W. M. Searby and Rev. I* J. Garver.
Committee on roll— Rev. Charles Kirk
land, Rev. H. E. Jewett and Mrs. A. Mot
ley.
Press committee— Rev. William Rader
and Rev. H. E. Barham.
The afternoon session concluded with
an address on "The Organization of the
State Association," by Rev, James H.
Warren, D. D., who traced the growth of
the association from the year 1552. when
there were but three churches in Cali
fornia, In 1557. he saM, when the Gen
eral Association was organised on an in
dependent basis, there were twelve
churches rind nine delegates. Now there
were 220 churches and about 250 minis
ters. , _ ■
Rev. Dr. Pond, at the request of Dr.
Warren, then spoke of the early fellow
ship which prevailed among the Congre
gational-Presbyterian brethren.
In the evening Rev. J. R. Knodell of
Oakland preached the associational ser
mon. Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, deliv
ered an address of welcome, to which
Rev. H. Melville Teney responded in a
few well-chosen words.
The session will be resumed this morn
ing at 8:30 o'clock.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 24.— City Marshal Con
rad instructed the policemen to begin the
enforcement of the bicycle ordinance to
night. The moon does not enter upon the
fourth quarter until Thursday night, but
lights must be used on bicycles after sun
set until the moon rises.
A musical and literary entertainment
for the benefit of the new organ fund will
be given under the direction of the Im
manuel Lutheran Church choir in Armory
Hall on November 28.
The board of library trustees held an
informal meeting last night for the pur
pose <<f discussing Mr. Carnegie's offer
of (10,000 toward a library building. It
was unanimously decided to postpone tak
ing any definite action until the board
heard further from Mr. Carnegie regard
ing the matter.
There was a social meeting of the
Brotherhood of Andrew and Philip at
the First Congregational Church last
evening. A large number of members
were present from San Francisco, Oak
land and Alameda. They wore the guests
of ttu- brotherhood of tho First Congre
gational < ■lunch, who had issued invita
tions to the. various brotherhoods about
the bay.
The wedding of Miss Anna Selller of
1732 Alameda avenue and Victor C. Heike3
of Chicago will take place to-morrow
evening at the residence of the bride's
father.
Paulson's House Robbed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The residence of
C. W. Paulson, 1317 Eighth street, was en
j tered by_ burglars this evening during the
famlly's'absenco, and jewelry, money and
. other valuables stolen to the value of
about $200. When the members of the
i family returned they found things topsy
turvy. The contents of bureau drawers
was scattered about >>n the floors, lockers
, were broken open and apparently the
I burglars had enjoyed complete freedom
| of the house during their nefarious visit.
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
1. NEW WORDS AND HOW TO
USE THEM.
(Continued.)
As a rule it is unwise to use a foreign
word if an English word will express the
intended meaning. There are, however, a ;
j few foreign words which have come into
common use and for which there are no
English equivalents. Our tendency in
language as well as in business is toward
"short cuts." When a foreign word will
express what in English would require an
elaborate sentence the foreign word is to
be preferred— that is, of course, if the lis
tener understands its meaning. Note the
following:
Esprit de corps. Pronounced "es-pre-de
core. ' Esprit means spirit. This French
phrase is cummonly used by English-speak
ing people in the sense of common uevot
edness, sympathy or support among the
members of an association or a military
company or of any body of men united
for any purpose. Thus we may say, "The
esprit de corps of the London police is
worthy of imitation."
Coup d'etat. Pronounced "coo-day-tah,"
with the last syllable accented. A Dold or
brilliant stroke of statesmanship; an un- ,
expected stroke of policy. A daring move
by which one political party outwits or
defeats another.
Finesse. Pronounced "fi-ness," with the
second syllable accented. This word in ,
French means "fineness," and is com
monly used by English-speaking people to
denote artfulness, craft or adroitness; that
quality of mind which leads to subtle
actions. Note this illustration: "Her use
of finesse in the most trivial affairs gave
one the impression of being constantly
i duped or imposed upon."
Vade mecum. Pronounced "va-de-me
kum." A. book or article which a person
carries with him as a constant companion.
It may be a Baedeker or perhaps a flask
of brandy.
Siesta. Pronounced "see-es-ta." A nap
or period of rest in the middle of the day.
! The hour of siesta is strictly observed in
j the warm countries of Southern Europe.
Bete noir. Pronounced "bate-nwor."
The literal meaning is "black beast." The
expression is commonly used to denote a
pi-t dislike, something which makes us
especially uncomfortable.
These are sufficient to illustrate the
point. Let us now look at a few English
words which we may find to our advan
tage to add to our vocabulary. There is
jno copyright on language. Words are
absolutely free. Custom simply requires
that we use them correctly:
Cynic. Pronounced as spelled. This
! word originally meant dogllke. A cynic
!is a sneering faultfinder. He shows a
disposition to disbelieve or doubt the sin
cerity of others. We say a man is cynical
or that he makes a cynical remark, or '
: has a cynical laugh, when we refer to
; some relation or expression or intimation
which questions the motives or thoughts
of others.
Optimist. Pronounced as spelled. An
' optimist Is one who believes in the ulti
! mate supremacy of good over evil. He
! always hopes for and expects the best. :
;He has a large and broad outlook. His
hopeful disposition keeps him In the best
of cheer.
Pessimist. Pronounced "pess-i-mist,'*
; with the accent upon the first syllable.
; This word means the opposite of "opti
mist." A pessimist is one who exagger
-1 ates the evils of life, or who Is disposed :
to look only on the dark side of things. ,
1 He takes a melancholy or depressing view
;of life. A pessimist In religion believes
i that this world is bad and its tendency is
1 to grow worse rather than better.
! Cant. Affectation in language. If it is i
i evident to the educated or cultured or ex- .
! perienced man that a particular writer or i
speaker does not really mean what he j
says, does not act It out in his own life;
that he is simply making a respectable
I show of words or of thought for appear- !
' ance sake; if this is clear, the speech or \
article is properly called political or re
ligious cant. The word signifies a whin
! ing pretension of goodness; an insincere -
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1599, by Seymour Eaton.
I. ARITHMETIC OF THE WORK
SHOP.
Lesson No. 2.
In our first lesson we considered boards
one inch thick and called a square foot a
board foot. A board a foot square and an
inch thick contains 144 cubic inches, so
that if we know the number of cubic
inches in a wood solid we can find the
number of board feet by dividing by 144.
Note the following exercises:
1. How many cubic inches in a block of
wood 2 feet square and 7 inches thick?
2. How many cubic inches in a stick of
square timber 8 inches by 10 Inches and 20
feet long?
3. How many board feet in five sticks of
timber oach 16 inches by 18 Inches and 12
feet long?
4. The lumber of the floor of a piazza of
the shape shown in the diagram is 14
inrhos thick. AB Is 40 feet; CD is 25 feet;
AE Is 36 feet; CG Is 21 feet. Find the
value of the lumber at $48 a thousand
feet.
5. There are 10 supports required for a
bridge. They are all to be of the same
size and of the shape shown In the figure.
A is 18 feet long and 16 inches square; B
and C are each 15 feet long and 16 inches
square. They are billed at the rate of
$48 p p r 1000 board feet. Find the total
amount of the bill.
Note— To find the area of a circle mul
tiply half of the diameter (AB) by itself
and multiply the product by 3 1-7. To find
the circumference of a circle multiply the
diameter by 3 1-7.
6, Find the value of the lumber in a cir
cular platform 210 feet in diameter and
use of religious phraseology: an affecta
tion of piety; a sham interest or enthusi-
Ism; false pretenses in society customs.
Finale. Pronounced "fee-naugh-lee,"
with the accent upon the middle syllable.
The concluding section of a piece of mu
sic or of any act of a dramatic work like
an opera, especially if so managed as to
produce an effective climax. The last
piece on a programme: the last part,
piece or scene in any public performance
or exhibition. The concluding act might
properly be called a grand finale.
Travesty. A travesty Is a raricature, a
burlesque, a grotesque or deceitful imita
tion. Our minstrel shows, for instance,
find a drawing card in making a travesty
of some current event or popular drama.
In literature a travesty is a burlesque
treatment of a noble Subject— the opposite
of a parody— or serious treatment of a
trivial subject. We say that a particular
thing said or dene by another is a trav
esty upon a man's character If the man
is represented Improperly or in burlesque.
Glamour. Pronounced "glam-ur." This
word means illusion; an artificial interest
or association causing things to appear
different from what they really are. Thus
we refer to some of the beautiful stories
which we find recorded in the life of
Washington as the glamour of history.
Sinecure. Pronounced "sy-ne-kure." The
literal meaning is "without care." and
therefore the name is applied to a position
having attached large pay and requiring
little work. Political offices are too often
looked upon by their holders as sinecures.
Correct speech is learned only by care
ful study. We must watch ourselves con
stantly until good English becomes a
habit. When reading it is wise to read
aloud as much as possible. There 1b no
better way of becoming accustomed to
the sound and rhythm of words. Their
proper grammatical relation soon becomes
as familiar to the ear as correct spelling
does to the eye. The ear immediately de
tects a false construction or improperly
used word just as the eye notes a wrong
combination of letters in the spelling.
Note the following cautions:
The words each, every, either and neith
er are followed by singular verbs, as:
"Each of the boys was there." "Either
he or his brother was to be appointed."
"1 am not certain that either of us was
there." "Let every one please himself,"
not "themselves." When singular names
connected by "and" are preceded by each,
every or no the verb must be singular, as:
"Each book and slate was in position."
'"Every man and woman was drowned."
"No chair or desk is to be used in the
room."
As well as and none take singuar verbs.
It is wrong to say "Greek as well as Latin
were studied." It should be "was
studied." "None of up are going" should
be "None of us is going."
Be careful to use the possessive form hi 3
instead of him in such sentences as "I
did not think of his returning so soon."
"If I were in his place." In sentences of
this character use were and not was. It
is incorrect to say "If I was he." Say "If
I were he." "If he was in Tom's shoes
he would think differently." Say "If he
were." It may be put down as a general
rule that in .sentences denoting supposi
tion or doubt the plural form of the verb
should be used.
The words lie and lay are often incor
rectly used. To He means to place one's
self in a horizon taj position; to lay means
to put or place, to spread on the surface.
The book lies on the table, not lays on
the table. I lay down for a few minutes,
not I laid down. I have lain down, not I
have laid down. I have laid it down, not
I have lain it down.
The word either means, strictly, the one
or the other of two; both means two
taken collectively, and each means two
considered separately.
Where this and that, these and those,
the one and the other refer to things
previously mentioned, this and these refer
to the last mentioned, and that and those
to the first mentioped. the one refers to
the first mentioned and the other to the
last mentioned.
The words answer and reply should not
be used indiscriminately. An answer Is
given to a question, a reply to an asser
tion. When we are addressed we answer;
when we are accused we reply.
built of 2-inch plank at $36 per 1000 feet.
7. How many feet of lumber in 50 pack
ing boxes, each 4 feet by 2--2 feet by 2 feet
and made of inch lumber?
Note— Consider outside measurements,
ft. How many wood blocks, each 2 Inches
i by 3 inches by 2'i inches, can be cut out
of a stick of timber 10 inches by 12 Inches
i and 9 feet long, making no allowance for
j waste In sawing?
9. An office building of the shape shown
in the diagram has 12 floors. AB la 40
feet, AC is 60 feei. EF is 18 feet, EG is
24 feet. Find the value of the inch floor-
Ing necessary to cover the 12 floors at $60
per 1000 board feet.
10. Find the value of the 2-inch lumbef
necessary in building a 6-foot sidewalk
around a rectangle 40 rods by 20 rods (in
side measurement) at $20 per 1000 board
feet.
Hints and Answers.
(1) 4032 cubic inches. (2) 19.200 cubic
inches. (3) 1440 board feet. Divide the
number of cubic inches by 144. (4) $65 88.
Find the area of the whole rectangle by
multiplying 40 by M. then subtract from
this the area of the shaded portion. This
will leave 915 square feet. Multiply by
the thickness of the floor in inches. This
gives 1372Vz feet of lumber. (5) $491 52. Di
vide the solid contents of the timber in
inches by 144, and the result should be
10,340 board feet. («) J24P4 80 The area of
the circle is 34,650 square feet. (7) 2300
board feet. (8> 864 blocks. (9) $1416 96.
Subtract the area of the smaller rectan
gle from the entire area. (10) $480 96. Do
not count the corners twice.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION .
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls, and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
January 31, 1900. Examinations will
be held at their close as a basis for
the granting of certificates.8
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations un-changed.
Shipments of $i^y,j22 to China.
■cased imports of Specie. '
Wheat freights firm and fairly active.
Wheat unsettled, in sympathy with Chicago.
Barley, Oats and Rye very firm and in demand.
Corn quiet. Seeds unchanged.
Another sharp and general advance in Beans.
Flour and Mil/stuns sell at the old quotations.
Hides, Leather and Tallow active and very firm.
Hogs lower under larger offerings. Other Meats unchanged.
No further fluctuation in Bags.
Oils remain as previously quoted.
Quicksilver firm at the recent advance.
Sweet Potatoes lower. Tomatoes rather firmer.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese stand the same.
Poultry still depressed by immense stocks of Eastern.
Game continues to bring good figures.
Grapes of alt descriptions coming in wet and moldy.
All Dried Fruits selling well except Prunes.
Nuts ana Raisins continue firm at good quotations.
Wool and Hops dull and unchanged.
Charters.
Th« Andrew Welch. Martha Dafls, W. H.
Dtmond and Diamond Head load merchandise
f.ir Honolulu; Falls of Clyde, merchandise for
lillo.
The Hindustan loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Valparaiso, owners' account; Jessie Minor,
redwood at Eureka lor Honolulu.
The Ainphltrlte loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 40s: Kate Thomas, same voyage, 37s 6d;
Blythefiwood, wheat at Portland for Cape
Town; Ben Dearg, wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, 25a— option of Portland, 36s 3d.
The Heler.sburgh wan chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe. Sis 9d; Lord Cairns,
•rh'eat or barley to Europe, 82s 6d.
Treasure Shipment.
The Oa*llc took out a treasure list of $157.
--|35,397 In Mexican dollars.
J:; In gold duet and $122, 9*
In silver bullion.
Imports ol Specie.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
nine months of the year were JU.WI.IOO, against
J23.6&6.31S during the same time in IS9B, the de
scriptions being as follows: Gold bullion. $671,
--(■:■:-, geld coin, $12,053,419; silver bullion, $1.5!>0.
--(*3; silver coin. $415,746. Of these imports Aus
tralia sent the lion's share in the shape of
$11,349,408 in English sovereigns, and $2,044,848
came From Mexico in silver coin and bullion.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says:
"Warm weather partially checked the de
'ruit*. and while business la
ft'.ll practically unchanged, inquiry is not qu'.te
as strung and prices are a trifle less 6tlff on
E' me varieties. For the bulk of dried fruits
'.s a fair demand, principally from small
buyers and rm. Sulaom a:-e larger
!. but th« number of
relatively satisfactory and ag
volume of business in the
a week. i 'rices are not quotably
it ;i^ a whole the summer weather
I the tone of the market and makes
. ilttle less cure.
lie firm and practically un
t the feeling Is not as sure as it
eather w.-re seasonable. Lower
r-'as<? demand and e^tad
• hey remain only steady.
The ■ .-. same 'as previously re-
MinK to the most recent advices,
and holders are anticipating some high prices
future. I-alp news from Europe in
■ t the crop there will be fully as
reports made it out to be, and
an enlarged demand from the other side is
iter. At present buyers are only
'■:ng immediate wants, and holders ap
.. .
situation i« unchanged. Refer
• price current shows how high all
ire this reason. This probably has
■ In keeping d iwn the size of ln
■ ) muet have rais
ins. . some r-iuctance they will
.ay the price. The recent arrival of
Valencia* was practically all sold before they
. A few consignees had small lots
the whole the shipment was nearly
l .cd."
Weather Report.
020 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 24. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eurv-ka 54 ' San Diego 64
Fresno 64 ; Sacramento 64
Los Angeles 70' Independence 62
Rtd luff Yuma 78
San Luis Obispo 70! 1
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60; minimum. 50; mean, 65.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over the western
half of the country. Over the North Pacific
Coast there has been a rise of two-tenths of an
inch during the pa«t twenty-four hours.
The terni'erature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains.
LlKht ehowers have occurred along the coast
from Ca;'e Mendocino northward.
Forecast male at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight October 25. 1599:
For Northern California— Fair Wednesday,
except light showers along the northern coast;
light northerly winds.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday.
For Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
For Utah— Fair Wednesday.
For Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Wednesday, except cloudy in the morning; light
northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— The etock market was
distinctly reactionary to-day In spite of some
etrong spots. Profit taking was on a very large
rcale. Sales ' d this account were quite well
Bbporbed and created no sign of demoralisa
tion in prices. When the fact of profit taking
became obvlouß some, of the room traders
turned bears and fold the market moderately.
The bear faction was not aggressive, however,
and made no great inroads upon values. Neither
were the bulls inclined to resume their cam
paifrn for the advance after having taken their
1 : fits and the markets were inclined to drag
during the latter part of the day. Some at
tempt was made to Infuse strength into the
mnriiet in the last hour by bidding up Union
Pacific and Baltimore A Ohio preferred. Busi
ness induced some slight covering by shorts,
but so far as a general resumption of the ad
vance wns concerned the attempt was abortive.
Prices were very unsteady at the close and
In many cases were pursuing a downward
course. The active realizing in the first hour
was much helped by a notabis accession of
outside demand, which was attract"! by yes
terday'B sharp rise following a week of stub.
born resistance to all attempts at driving prices
downward. This demand and continued ma
nipulation by a section of the bull party served
to wipe out pretty generally the opening de
cline find bring- the market back to about last
night's level. Having reached that point the
downward course began and with the exception
of coma irregular fluctuations the market con
tinued heavy, below last night's level for the
rest of the day. Special points of weakness in
the early dealings were Sugar, American To
bacco Malting preferred. Anaconda, Pullman
and Bro6k!yn Transit. Aggressive strength
■was shown all day by united States Leather,
which was taken in enormous lots and roee at
one time to 22*«. The closing waa a point be
low that. New York Central, after a small
fractional advance, met very heavy offerings
on the announcement of an additional stock
If3u* of $15,000,000. The stock moved somewhat
Irregularly during the day, within a range of
o point below last night's level. The London
market reflected some depression upon this
market and the undertone there was distinctly
weak on the uneasiness regarding the position
of th« British troops in Natal.- The suggestion
or the Chancellor of the Exchequer that a tax
! on South African gold mines might be looked >
j to to help defray the expenses of the war was
' apparently not relished by the speculators in
the mine market. London sales In this market
; were upward of 30,000 shares. The general |
! weakness of copper mine shares had a de- 1
pressing influence on speculation. The weak- j
■ ness of Anaconda on the exchange was supple- j
mented by a break in Amalgamated Copper In ]
the outside market and by weakness in Bos- ,
ton. The hardening tendency of money was a j
; discouraging factor for the bulls. Most of the 1
day's call loans were made above 6 per cAit I
, and the rate rose to 8 per cent In the day. !
Bankers generally asked 6 per cent for time ;
: loans and were disinclined to put out their
; funds for the longer periods. Rather less
; money was shipped to the interior to-day, but
the outgo, while diminished, still continues.
The sub-treasury Is also absorbing funds.
Realizing was In evidence In some portions
of the bond market, making the price changes
mixed. Total sales, par value, $2,400,000.
United States old 4's advanced *4 and the
new 4's and s's hi In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid. :
3.SEO Atchlson 27%
2,013 Atchison prefJ 264*1 1
4,16s Baltimore & Ohio 52* 4 I
100 Canadian Pacific S4 a ,» j
400 Canada Southern i'*\ '■
1,400 Chesapeake & Ohio £6»i j
1.000 Chicago Great Western 14Vi !
lE.SJO Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 131*^
126 Chicago, Ind & Louie 11-,-a ■
Chicago. Ini A Louis prefd 42
100 Chicago & East Illinois . 97
' 1,750 Chicago & Northwestern 171
6.360 Chicago, Rock Island A Pacific 114 : 4 I
10.010 C C C & St Louis ■■< !
1,000 Colorado Southern 6
201 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46
Colorado Southern 2d pfd 16V4 !
SOU Delaware & Hudson 122 j
4.250 Delaware. Lack & Western linj |
Denver &. Rio Grande 21 .
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7." :
Erie 13
610 Erie Ist prefd 37 1
520 Great Northern prefd 174 i
110 Hocking Coal 18 Vi '
800 Hocking Valley 34 I
1.457 Illinois Central 116% I
lowa Central IS%
160 lowa Central prefd 66*3 ■
Kansas City, Pitta & Gulf 8 j
Lake Erie & Western 19 I
Lake Erie & Western prefd 79%
Lake Shore IS9
7,500 Louisville A Nashville Si
29,165 Manhattan Elevated 110%
290 Metropolitan Street Railway 197
1.200 Mexican Central 12% .'
100 Minneapolis A St Louis IJ j
Minneapolis 8: St Louis prefd : i'-^ I
3,600 Missouri Pacific 44"m
100 Mobile A Ohio 45
Missouri, Kai.ras A Texas 12*j I
2,130 Missouri, Kansas A Texas prefd.. 2&% I '
2,eSO New Jersey Centra] , 121
14.150 New York Central 138JJ, !
2,600 Norfolk A Western 20%
3.400 Norfolk & Weatern prefd <"0 I
3,300 Northern Pacific ". r.374
1,000 Northern Pacific prefd 76& I ,
2,200 Ontario A Westeru 25%
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
| Oregon Ry .Si Nay prefd 76
! 4,950 Pennsylvania 132%
400 Reading 21
4,690 Reading Ist prefd ..... ES : s
300 Reading Id prefU 32ft 1
Rio Grande western 35
520 Rio Grande Western prefd 81
St Louis &. San Fran 10*4 f
Ht Louis & San Fran Ist prefd.... 70 I
St Louis A San Fran 2d prefd.... 26VJ
St Louis, Southwestern ]3 J ,i ■
400 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 2: ;; "
11555 St Paul 126y 4
St Paul prefd 171 |i
150 St Paul & Omaha J2O h
15,770 Southern Pacific 3$
1.430 Southern Railway .. 12 i
3.724 Southern Railway prefd 53'-*i |
3.600 Texas & Pacltlc 17% I
35,750 Union Pacific 47 1
8,110 Union Pacific prefd 77^ ! .
Wabash 7% I
450 Wabash prefd ...; 21 3 -,. !
1.000 Whet-ling & L E ir; B
l,::o Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 30^
100 Wisconsin Central 16% i
Express Companies—
Adams 115 j
American 148 ]
United States 52
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
1,600 American Cotton Oil 45 ;
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 96 i
312 American Malting 30
662 American Malting prefa 45
1.482 American Smelting & Ref 36
600 American Smelting & Ref prefd 86^4
200 American Spirits 3^
American Spirits prefd 17
8.700 American Steel Hoop 43%
American Steel Hoop prefd 83
3,550 American Steel & Wire.. r>0»;
1,600 American Steel A Wire prefd 95
550 American Tin Plate 36 i
320 American Tin Plate prefd 82
I 17,310 American Tobacco 122*4
American Tobacco prefd 144
16,580 Anaconda Mining Co 42 7 j
I 43.280 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 85
1.0C2 Colorado Fuel A Iron 53
4,650 Continental Tobacco 4214
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 92* i
20.183 Federal Steel 55 I
1,450 Federal Steel prefd 7814
410 General Electric 121'
7,830 Glucose Sugar 52%
200 Glucose ' Sugar prefd 9sij
2,650 International Paper 2714
220 International Paper prefd 71
1,600 Laclede Gas 7514
610 National Biscuit 41,14 1
National Biscuit prefd <j.",> .
100 National Lead 27*4
ISO National Lead prefd .108*4 1
1,410 National Steel 48*4
215 National Steel prefd <mv
New York Air Brake us "
1,000 North American 12%
216 Pacific Coast 61
Pacific Coast Ist prefd $9
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd c.'4 ;
472 Pacific Mail 40 j
8.345 People's, Gas mvi
Pressed Steel Car 56V4
Pressed Steel Car prefd S>%
1,617 Pullman Palace Car 199
125 Standard Rope & Twine '. 7 I
60,750 Sugar .: 150 j
110 Sugar prefd 117 :
2.lM> Tennessee Coal & Iron 118%
112,679 United States Leather 21% !
22,325 United States Leather prefd 81
United States Rubber 48
United States Rubber prefd 113
200 Western Union.... 58
2.655 Republic Iron A 5tee1....... 24%
262 Republic Iron & Steel preM 70
CC & St L, 74
607,900 Shares cold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s reg 100>4,M X & T 2ds. 68*4
do 8s IMS do 4s 53>,4 |
do 2s coup 108H N V Cen lets 112Vt
do new 4s reg...l2BVi N J On gen 65. ..119*4
do new is coup.. No Carolina 6s 125 . |
do old 4s reg. ...111*41 do 4s 104
do old 4s c0up.. 112*4 Pac lsts 113
do 5s reg.: HO-%| do 3s 65%
do 5s coup 111*4 do 4s 102*4
DlstCol 3.65s 117 N y C&St L 45. 105
Ala claee A no • Norf & W eon ♦«.. <<2\
do B ••• 110 do gen 6s ....135
do C 103 Or Nay lsts 115
do currency 100 | do 4s :.." iO2*i
i Atchlson gen 45... 09% Or Short L con 65. 128
do adj 4« 87 j do con 5s 114 I
Can So 2ds .108 Reading gen 45.... S7H
Ches A O 4*is ROW lsts 37% '
do 5e 119- Ft L A I M con Es.Uo>4 !
C A N w con 75. .145 Ht L A S F Ken 65. 124% i
do S F deb .. .105*4: St Paul cons... -...169
Chi Term 4s 68 Bt P C & P lsta.. 121*4
D & R a lsts 105 do Bs 120
do it ...»..„„... 13% So Rallwsgr 6».._108*4.
" ' ■' ' . ' ' ' -
IRE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
E T Va & Ga ists.lOSHiS Rope & T 65.... 8S
Erie gen 4b lOVi Term new set Si.. $5
Ft W & D C lstß.. 7S t Tex & Pac 15t5.... 114
Gen Elec Es 115 ; do 2ds 86
O H & S A6s 110 Union Pac 4s 104
do 2ds 108 Wabash lsts 116 j
H &TC 5s 110% do 2ds 10OH
do con 6s 110 (West Shore — 112%
lowa Cen lets ....116 Wls Cent lets 75V4
X C P & G lsts... 10 jVa cent 88%
La new con 4s 106 ; do deferred 5
Louis & X uni 45.100 Colo & So 4s 95% |
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24 Ontario 7 75.
Crown Point 12 Ophir 74
Con Cal & Va 155 i Plymouth 08
Deadwood 70: Quicksilver 1 60 [
Gould & Curry.... 80 1 do prefd 700 :
Hale & Xcre 11; Sierra Nevada .... 55
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 75 i
Iron Silver 61 Union Con 29 !
Mexican 20:YelIow Jacket — 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
" West End 94
Money — ' do prefd 115
Call loans 6%@6 Wls Cent 16-**
Time loans 51&6 Erufir —
Stocks— iAtchison 4s 99
Atchlson -•-. 21H Mining shares—
do prefd 64% Adventure 6H
Am Sugar 150 Allouez Mm C 0... 4Vi
Bell Telephone.... 36B Atlantic 24
Boston & Albany. 249 B -3tou .4 ■ Mini... .330
Boston Elevated.. 107 Butte & Bost 67
Boston & Maine... | Calumet & Hecla.74o
C B & Q... 132% ' Centennial 23
Fltchburg prefd.. .ll9 Franklin 16
Gen Electric ......121 :Humboldt 1H
Federal Steel BE Osceola — SO
do prefd Parrot -... 42
Mcx Cent 13& : Qulncy 150
Old Colony 205 Santa Fa Copper.. S&
Old Dominion 25 Tamarack 208
Rubber 45H Wlnona .-. ">*
Union Pao 47 Wolverines ..- 3SH
Union Land 4 Utah 35
New York Money Market.
XEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Money on call, firm,
at 6@B per cent; last loan, 6 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 5@5% per cent. Sterling ex- :
change, steady, with actual business In bank- :
ers' bills at $4 S6VtH 87 for demand and $4 82Vft
94 52?4 and $4 83 for sixty days. Posted rates, j
$4 84-£4 84^4 and $4 BS@4 SSV4. Commercial bills, |
$4 82. Sliver certificates, 58>4®69c. Bar sliver, i
57% c. Mexican dollars, Wfco. Government !
bonds, strong; State bonds, Inactive; railroad
bonds, Irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. To-day's statement I
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $202,567,911; gold reserve,
$253,921,886.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The Commercial Ad- j
vertiser's London financial cablegram »ays:
The markets here were weak, n»rv©u» and
stupid In the early part of the session on dis
quieting rumors from the Transvaal, Including
one wild report that Glencoe had been but- !
rendered. In the afternoon a rally came on
reassuring statements from the scene of hostili
ties, especially the announcement that Gen
eral White ha.l defeated the Orange Free
Staters and wan marching to Join General Yule.
The news set Kaffirs booming again In the
street. Consols were 103%. American securities
fluctuated within a narrow range. Louisville ;
& Nashville was flat on profit taking, while
Baltimore * Ohio Issues were strong on New
York demand. Spanish 4's, 60% | Tlntos, 46% ii :
46%, the hravlnGPs In the latter being due to
Paris salaaj Anacondas were 9Msi Utahs, 7%i j
Bostons, 1 3-18.
The Bank of England bought 4105,0 i» In gold
l.ars and £15,050 in French co4n. Money was
too plentiful.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 9694; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 7914] Northern Pacific, 77%; Atchlson, |
22; Grand Trunk, 7^l Anaconda, »H» bar sil- j
ver firm, 23 11-164 per ounce! money easy, I' 4
per cent.
New York Grain and Product.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— FLOUR—
33.3&0; exports, 15.400. Firmer and fairly ac
tive with business restricted by the extreme
views of bolder*. Closed steady.
WHEAT— -Receipts. 259,100; export*, 58.184.
Bpoti Xo. 1 Northern Duluth, 790 t. o. b.
j spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76c t. o. b.,
afloat to arrive (new): No. 1 hard Duluth, So*4o
!to arrive; No. 2 red, 73% elevator. Options
j opened easy at a decline of Vie under disap-
I Dinting cables and local raiding, later rallied j
ion covering and moderate Investment bid
j ding-, chiefly on bad weather reports from the
j Southwest. Attain, however, the market turned
; easier upon the publication of Bradstreet's
! Visible supply Btatement and closed easy At
j Vif net decline.
: March eloped 79c; May 79 l-165?79%0, closed
79Hc; December, 75 7-16S7C 1-lflc, closed 75*40.
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
METALS— The market for metal* suffered,
from a lack of support In the shape of orders,
more liberal offering and disappointing news
from producing points In the West and from
European markets. Copper showed particular
weakness In a nominal way. At the close the
M*tal Exchange called:
PIG Warrants very dull at ISo nom
inal.
LAKE COPPER— Easy at $17 75.
-Lower and unsettled with $30 62*4 bid
and $30 87% asked. Spelter dull, with $5 30 bid
and $5 40 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged with $4 60 bid and $4 Co
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40
and for copper 18c.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net advance. Sales, 24,000 bays, in
cluding: November, $4 95@5; December, to 10.;
5 15; January. ?5 lO©6 15; March, $5 25(3:5 30;
May, $5 .'.' •';."• 40; July. $5 50; August, $5 60®
6 65; September, ?5 55@5 60. Spot coffee— Rio.
firm: No. 7 Invoice, 6@6*£c; No. 7 Jobbing,
CH^fi^c. Mild— Firm; Cordova, 6%@11%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; held higher. Refined,
firm and more active.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6422 packages. Market
quiet; Western creamery, 17024 c; June cream
ery. 17©22*4 c; factory. 14*4@17c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7792 packages. Quiet;
Western ungraded at mark, 14@18c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@7c;
1 prime wire tray, 7*i@Sc; choice, BV4@'B!£c;
fancy, S^iffßc.
PRUNES— 3%®BHc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13®15c; Moorpark, 15@17c,
! PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@22c; unpeeled, 7*4@loc.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— Disappointing cables \
started wheat rather easy. The market soon I
I began to harden, however, as shorts com
j menced covering from the outset, owing: to re
ports of continued drought in the Southwest,
where much of the fall-sown wheat has not i
yet germinated. Rumors of a sharp break in i
consols caused further apprehension and as i
outside orders began to flood the pit the de- •
mand became so urgent that a %c advance was ;
! added to the opening figures during the first
twenty minutes' trading. After that the ups !
I and downs were frequent within a rather nar- ,
row ranee until the last hour, when an in- I
i crease In the world's visible of 4.875,000 bushels, I
where only about 2,000.000 bushels had been ex-
I pected, started liquidation and the market
soon lost -Its previous buoyancy. Reports of a
break in the drought added to the selling move
ment and the early gain was lost. : The mar
ket continued weak the remainder of the ses
j sion and closed at the bottom. A report that
Argentine would have a surplus of over 80.
--000,000 bushels for export this year had a de
pressing influence during the late trading.
December opened He lower at 70%@70%0, ad
vancing to 71HS > 71Vic and declined to 70% cat
the close.
Corn ruled strong and active, but had Us ad
: vancing tendency clogged somewhat by profit
taking. December closed with buyers at 3iy
@31% c. . : - ■
Oats ruled easy with trade limited. Decem
ber closed 22%c@22%e.
Too many hogs ana lower, prices at the yards
weakened provisions early. Part of the loss ;
was recovered later on buying by packers, but
there was very little animation to the trade.
January pork, closed -2%@5c ■ lower: January
lard, 106 c lower and January ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close
"Wheat No. 2—
October 694 69% 89 63
; December 70% 7H4 70% 704
May 744 75 74^ 74*
Corn No. ;2—
October 314 - SVi 31% 31%
December 31% 31% 3114 31% •
May S3 33% 82% 32%
Oats No. 8—
December .......... 22% 22?4 J2% 22%.
May 2-4% 24*4 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
December 786 7 87% 785 7 87%
i January.. 9 37% 9 41% 9 37% 940
Lard, per 100 pounds— ••'.
I December .......... 5 17% 6 17% 5 17% 5 17%
January ........:.:: 5 32% 635 6SO B 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December .4 70 4 72% 470 4 72%
January 4 90 4 92% ? 4 87% ; « 90.
Cash, quotation* were as follows : Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 69@71c; No. 3 spring
wheat. 64@71c; No. 2 red, 71>4c; No. 2 corn.
32Vic; No. 2 oats, 23 / g>23%c; No. 2 white, 26c;
No. 3 white, 24?i@2554c; No 2 rye. »sc; No. 2
barley, 39@44c; No.. 1 flaxseed, $1 27%; prime
timothy seed, $2 25; mess pork per barrel, $7 85
<B>7 90; lard, per 100 pounds $5 20@5 22^; short
ribs sides (loose), $4 70@5 10; dry salted shoul
ders .(boxed), S6ig6 12ft; short clear sides
(boxed), $5 40®5 50; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 24; sugars, cut loaf, &.7C>c;
granulated, 5.10 c. ...
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 264,000 88,000
Corn, bushels 476,000 324, (X0
Oats, bushels 375.000 333. 000
Rye, bushels 18,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 140,000 40,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery, 15'?r22c; dairy, 14©
10c Eggs, strong: fresh, 16V»@17c. Cheese,
strong; creams, 12<gl2\c
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 11% ■- 61% 6 lii
Closing 5 11% 6 1 6 I<4
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening is 45 19 35
Closing ig4o 19 25
Flour-
Opening 24 55 23 45
Closing 24 75 25 40
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Special communica
tions to Bradstreet's show the following
changes in available supplies since last report:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
Rocky mountains, Increase 3.275.000 bushels;
Liverpool Corn Trade News afloat for and in
Europe, increase 1,600,000 bushels. Total sup
ply, wheat, increase. 4,875.000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 49.000 bushels.
California Fruit Sales.
California fruit sold to-day as follows:
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— Italian, single
crates, Ssc@sl, average 93c.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Grapes—
single crates, $1 4. r /a 1 60. average $154; Tokay,
single crates. $1 20@l SO average $1 45; double
crates, $3 20@3 56, average $3 40. Peaches—Sal
way, boxes, $1 i:,fn 25, average $1 17.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— D'Collice. two
j fifths boxes, $2 lf><33, average $2 40; Seckel,
1 $1 92@2 40, average $2 34; Duchesse, $2 16; G.
Morceau. J2 02; E. Buerre, $1 5801 92, average
I $1 "I; W. Nells, $1 44@1 68, average $1 62; Clair
| geau, $1 32@1 44, average $1 36; Vicar, $1 12;
Kelfer. $1 14@1 20. average $1 15. Plums—Gol
den Drop, single crates. $1 6S; Coe's Late Red,
$1 66. Prunes— Hungarian, single crates, $2 04;
Italian, $1 92©! 52, average 52 24; Silver, $1 92®
2 64, average $1 92.
I SACRAMENTO, Oct 24.— Earl Fruit
! Company sold California fruit to-day at auc
tion and other points realizing the following
prices:
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— Prunes— Italian, single
crates, SScc@sl, average 93c. Two cars Bold
to-day. Weather hot.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Grapes— Cornlchon,
) single crates, $1 45@1 60. average $1 64; Tokays,
i single crates, •$1 20@l 80, average $1 45; double
• crates, $8 20@S 55, average $3 40. Peaches—Sal
ways, boxes, $1 15@1 25, average $1 17. Cloudy
weather. Seven cars sold to-day.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Pears— D' Cornice, two
fifths boxes, $2 IG&S. average J2 40; Seckel.
fl »2@2 40, average $2 84; Duchesse, *2 16; C.
Moroean, $2 02: E. Beaurre, $1 5891 92. average
$1 72; Nells »1 4401 63. average $161; Clalr
greau, Jl 82$1 44. average *1 36; Vicar. $1 12:
Kelfer, SI li-ol 20, average ?1 20. Plums— Coe'l
Golden Drop, single crates, ?1 63; Coe's Late
Red, II 08. Prunes— Hungarian, single crates,
$2 04; Italian, »1 92-32 52, average *2 24; Silver.
$1 92194 64. average $1 92.
LINCOLN, Neb., Oct 24.— Peani— Keif em. ,
?1 88; Morceau, $192; W. Nells, $1 90; D'Alen
con, $1 89 i Vicar, |l 01.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 24.— Apples—
i boxes, $1 67.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Got. 24. — The wool market ha* been
more active this week with prices firm In all
graded. Territory wool continues to lead the
transactions. Finn medium and tine are bring
ing n2ii(%4n on the scoured basis, while onoloe
staple lots are being sold at 60c. Fleece wools
are firm, but offering's are limited. Australian
wools are cutting a small figure In the trans
actions, owing to their scarcity. Quotation.":
Unwashed medium, etc. — Missouri quarter
blood combine, 21i3'22o|'thrte-elfi;hths blood, 22'il
23c; braid combing, l>9loo.
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota, fln»
medium and fine, 184T20c; scoured, E2@s4c;
staples, EBs?6Qoi Utah, Wyoming, fine medium
and fine, iSGI9o; scoured, 62@54c: staple, £6
@:>Se.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices — Comb
ing superfine, Z(iZi'A2c; Rood, 70@80c; average,
I H
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. J2,*-Trade In cattle to-day
| was restricted and prices ruled weak and
lower. Good to fancy grades brought $5 COQi
| 6 85; common to medium, M 1005 •'5; stockera
and feeders, $334 SO; cows and bulls, $2'<i4 25;
Texans, $8 56©4 10; calves, U 60@7 50.
HOGS— The supply of hogs exceeded the de
mand and a further reduction of s®loc In
I prices wan scored. Fanr to good lota, $4 17V4®
' 4 40; heavy packero, $3 So^4 15; mixed. $4 1055)
! 4 95; butchers. $4 15(31 42%; lightweight. $4 05®
I 4 40; pigs. $3 SOQ4 80.
KHEEP— There was a good slaughtering de
mand for sheep and prices were s@loo higher
' for desirable lots. Common to choice sheep
sold at $2'?/4 25; Western rangers bringing $3 15
Qi 4 25; lambs were in poor demand at {3 CO®
4 60 for common kinds, up to %'>lib 2. for choice
flocks; Western range lambs, $4 60(5J4 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 4500; hogs, 21,000; sheep,
17,000. ,
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 24.— Clearings, $291.
--917; balances, $48,898.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 24.— There was not
much doing In the local wheat market to-day.
Walla Walla can still be worked at 67c, al-
I though some of the dealers are quoting a cent
under these figures. Valley Is nominally 58r>
with very little moving. Freight situation Is
j practically unchanged with exporters refus
j Ing to take hold of any of the high priced
: ships offering.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wath., Oct. 24.— change in
•wheat. Club. 66% c: blue stem, 6SV4c ,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Consols, 103 Silver.
26% d. French Rentes, lOOf. 27% c. Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes
on passage, firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30s 3d; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 24.— Wheat, dull; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
cloudy. •
COTTON— 3 31-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter,
i dull, 5s ll%d; Northern spring, dull, 6s 2d. Fu-
I Steady; December, 5s ll%d; March, 6s Id;
I May, 6s lVid. :?;■:-• iy ;
CORN— Spot American mixed old, quiet, 3s
! 7%d: new, quiet. 3s 7%d. Futures— Steady; No-
I vember, 3s 7«4d; December, 3s 8&d; January,
j 3s 7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight... — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 4S«-4
Fine Silver, per ounce — £"%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Aw firm and fairly
active at rates last quoted. • The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
68,000, against 23,840 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 2121 tons, against 29.710; on
the way to this port, 207,000 tone, against 165,
--800. - ■
WHEAT— The feeling was unsettled In sym
pathy with a similar condition at Chicago.
| The demand was fair.
Chicago opened easier on indifferent cables
and • rain -in Southwestern Kansas. Liverpool
was %d higher and consols %d lower. Buyers
were Indifferent. The Northwestern markets
were strong at an advance of He over Monday.
St. • Louis bought' freely, local support ■'..' was
given to the market in the shape of . Invest
ment buying, .and a good export movement at
New York was reported.
This firmness was of short duration and
passed away under Bradstreet's figures of
4.500,000 bushels increase in the visible sup
ply, and the bears renewed their attack on
Goodwin's cable estimating the Argentine sur
plus of the coming crop to be 70,000.000 bushels,
with 16.000,000 of the old crop still on hand.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping. $1 07V»£l <*%: milling,
$1 10® $1 12%. . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— 9:ls May— lß,ooo
ctls. 51 17%; 16,000. 51 17%. December—
$1 11%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session— lo.ooo
ctls, $1 lV,i; 20,000, 51 11. May— Jl 17%;
10,000. Jl 17**. .
Afternoon - Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 10%; 4000, $1 10%; SOOO, Jl 10%. May— 2ooo,
51 16%: 4000, 51 16%; 4000. $1 16%.
BARLEY— The demand for shipment and to
fill shorts keeps the market in first rate shape
and quotations are strong all around.
Feed, So@9oc; Brewing and shipping grades,
532%c@'51; Chevalier, nominal. '
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— sales.
Second Session No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller, 93—2000 ctls,
S9%c. . »
Afternoon Session— Seller, '99—4000 ctls, 89c.
OATS— market continues strong with .
light offerings and several descriptions have
again advanced. White, 51 10@l 30; Red, 51 07%
HI 17%; Gray, 51 07%@l 17%: Black, 07* ■_.<•■?? Jl 10.
CORN— The market is quiet and featureless,
though fair sales are being made right along.
Eastern large Yellow, 51 05@l 07%; White,
51 0501 07%; mixed. $1 0801 05 per ctl.
RYE — per ctl. The feeling continues
firm, as stocks are closely held, bo much bo,
indeed, that some dealers cannot fill their or
ders. There is a good demand for shipment.
' BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Prices In these goods have made very little
chance for some months, nor is Flour ex
pected to show any change as long as Wheat
remains stationary.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, 53 40<g3 50; Oregon
and Washington, 53 40@3 50; per barrel for
extra. 53 25@3 40 for bakers, and 52 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 53 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 52 75: Rye
Meal, 52 50; Rice Flour, 57; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 23;
Oat Groats, 54 50 Hominy, 53 2603 50; Buck
wheat Flour, 5404 25; Cracked Wheat, S3 75;
Farina, 54 50; Whole Wheat Flour. 13 50; Rolled j
Oats (barrels), 56 0506 45; in sack:*, 55 85@6 25;
Pearl Barley, 55; Split Peas, 54 50; Green Peas,
55 per 100 lbs. ■ .
Hay and Feedstuff
Feedstuffs are In light stock and firm.
There Is a strong undertone to Hay and deal
ers expect a further improvement after the wet
stuff has been gotten out of the way. There is
a good deal of this wet Hay coming in at
present.
.BRAN— SI 7 60618 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI9@2O 50 per ton.'
FEEDSTUFF'S -Rolled Barley. $1S 50019 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $26®27; jobbing,
$27 r.OOS2S; Cocoanut Cake, 520021; Cornmeal,
523 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed,
516 50(617: Cottonseed Meal, !28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, 5S@9 for common to good and
59 25© 10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, 57 50<§ 9:
Oat, 56 50@8 50; Barley, 5507: Island Barley, Jo
@6; Alfalfa, 55@7 per ton; Compressed, 57<g9 per
ton. .■
--STRAW—3O@4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The demand for Beans continues urgent and
further sharp advances are noted. There Is no
further change In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayou. $2 4002 45: small white. $2 85
(52 95; large White. 52 3002 40; Pinks, 52 35®
2 40; Reds. 53 6003 75; Blackeye, 54; But
ters, 53; Lima, $4 BO06; Pea, 52 75£3; Red"
Kidneys. 52 6002 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, Z^3%a; Yellow
Mustard, 4®4%c: Flux. nominal; Canary, .
3%c per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%03c; Hemp, 4@4%c; !
Timothy, 404% c.
DRIED PEAS— Nilen, 51 3.'»®l £0; Green, 51 75
@1 85 per ctl. --';.'/
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes continue weak at a further
decline. Tomatoes r.re in more moderate sup
ply and the feeling Is rather firmer.
POTATOES— Reds. 60«f70c; Early Rose, I
40-(f. r ,0o; Burbanks, 80075 c per ctl: Salinas Bur- i
banks, 90c(iJ$l 15; Oregon Bur bunks, 70®s5c; '
Bweet Potatoes, 600850 for Rivers and $1 for
Merced.
0N10N5— 550650 per otl.
VEGETABLES— lirri-n Pea*. 4CBo per lb
Siring Ueang, 4050j Lima Henna. 8M:05c:
Calibage, 60oj Tomatoes, 12Mi04Oc; Kg* Plant,
50<tT7So; Dri«d Okra, 12%0 per lbj Garlic, 233 c;
Green Peppers. 75c per box; Carrots. 30(£.40e
per r-«u>k; Cucumbers, nominal; Summer
Squash, nominal; Marrowfat Hquaah, »S@lo per
t"!s.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continues weak and dull,
owing to the heavy •locks of Eastern, young
■took being particularly depressed.
Game is rather firmer, as will be seen by the
quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 18@16o for Gob- ;
blers and 180110 for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15®
17c; Geese, per pair. $1 7502; .slings. $1 75 ;
<[ 2 ;' Ducks. $404 50 for old and 54 50@3 for
young: Hens. $406; Young Koosters, S3 25®
8 BO; Old Roosters, 5484 50; Fryers, J3:<j3 25;
Broilers, 53 2.'!53 f.O for large. $303 25 for small: i
Plaeons, 51 26 per dozen for old and 51 50®
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. 51 5001 75; Mallard. $609; Can
varback ■ : Sprig, $304 .',O: Teal, 52 5004 50;
Widgeon. 5203; Small Duck. 51 75(82; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare, 51 50: Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 50 for Small; Gray Geese,
$303 .'.O; White, $101 25; Brant, $1 50® 2; Eng
lish Snipe, 52 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, 51 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The situation In Butter and Eggs continues
unchanged. Butter is firm because of delayed
shipments from the north, but as soon as they
come In the market will probably ease off.
Eggs are quiet, as the high prices deter buy
ers. Cheese is firm with moderate stocks.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 30@31c; seconds,
28029 c.
Dairy— Fancy. 26027 c; good to choice, 24025 c:
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22@24c; firkin, 21022% c; cream
ery tub, 22%024c.
Eastern. 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll%c: old, 10%®
lie; Young America, ll%c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25032% c for store and 330
42% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 25030 c for
selected, 25@27%c for No. 1 and 20@22%0 for
seconds; Oregon, 22U024c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apples are In merely fair supply and firm.
Quinces are In demand and scarce.
Grapes of all descriptions drag, as the rains
have practically spoiled them.
Melons are neglected and nominal. The de
mand for them has ceased. There Is no change
In Lemons and Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35065 c per box for common; 75c@51
for good to choice and 51 25@1 60 for fancy.
Blackberries, per chest:
Strawberries, per chest for small and 53??
4 for large berries; Raspberries. 55<i7/6 50 per
chest; Huckleberries, s'u7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. 56 5007 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, $7 50(37 75: Coos Bay Cranberries, 56 50
per barrel and $2^2 25 per box.
Grapes. 20<S40c for Black, 10040 c for Muscat.
3O'<; •)!>.• for Tokay: 40<550c for Cornlchon: crates
seh for 10S15c higher; Wine Grapes. 523@26 per
ton for Zinfandel, 520@23 for other black and
Jim IS for White.
Cantaloupes," 25(j?50c per crate; Nutmegs, 15®
25c per box. V° * ■"- s
Pomegranates,- 75c(f5'$l per box.
Winter Pears. 35c<g$l 25 per box.
Quinces. 75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, 51 50172 50 for
common, and $3(f?4 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $404 60: California Limes. 75c@?l: Ban
anas, 51 BOOS 60 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl@2 50
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Quotations for pitted Plums and Nectarines
are nominal, as there are none here at the
moment^ Peaches and Apples are the best
sellers In the whole market now. Pears I and
Raisins meet with a steady demand at the
high prices. There is a good Jobbing demand
for Almonds and Walnuts. Prunes still bring
up the tail end of the procession; nobody
wants them and they have evidently gone out
of style for the time being.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%c for
40-50s, 4Vic for CO-60s, 3-\c for CO-70s, 3'ic for
70-805. 2«ic for 80-90s and 2%@2%e for 90-100s :
Aorlcots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12%®16c for
Moorparks and 13014 c for Blenheims; Peaches,
:.' ; ..:;>'.'■ for Standards. 6%«i7c for choice and 7%
(gSc for fancy: peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evapo
rated Apples. C@7'4c: Sun-dried, 4%06c per lb;
Nectarines, 7% 50 per lb for red and S'ffJc for
white- Pears, 6%08c for quarters and SijJslOe for
halves; Black Figs, 3©4 c; White Figs, 6@6%c;
Plums, 6®6%c for pitted and 1%@2%c for un
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Farcy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, -6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice. 7%c; standard, 6' 2 c; 1
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, fie; Seedless, I
F.O-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6%c;
8-crown, o'/ic: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
1-crown, •$1 50 per box: 3-crown, 5160. Fancy
Clusters. 52; Dehesa, 52 50: . Imperial, 53. All
prices -are f. o. b.. at common shipping points
In California. '
NUTS— Chestnuts, 12%@15c: Walnuts, 7%@
St^c for standards, and 7%@9c for softshell;
Almonds, 10%®12%c for paper-Fhell, 9S?lOc for
soft and 405 c for hard-shell; Peanuts, 8*406% c
for Eastern, and 6c ' for California; Brazil
Nuts, f,it?-*c: Filberts,. ll@U»/.c; Pecans, 7%@
Sc: Cocoanuts, 54 SOO3.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, ,7Vi@7%c;
light ' amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c per
lb.
BBESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is a fair local and export demand, and
the Government drops an occasional order, so
the market Is fairly active. No change In
prices. -
CURED MEATS— 9c per 1b for heavy,
• 9%@10c for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra
clear, $16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
1 per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6@6%c per lb for
compound and "He for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Tallow continue firm at the good
prices.
Hops continue dull, though there are some
sales being made at the quotations. ;
Wool is still quiet at previous quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
| about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
I steers, ll@ll%c; medium, 10%: light, 9%c: Cow
! hides, 9^@loc; Stags, 6%@7%e; Salted Kip.
9%c; Calf," 10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
brands, 13c; Dry Kip and Veal. 15%@16c: Dry
Calf, 17@18c; Sheepskins. yearlings, 20®30c
each; short Wool. 35<??60c each; medium, 70@
90c; long Wool, SOcrSsl 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $203 for large and $1 25@1 50 for small;
Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@5%c per lb; No.
2, 4*r4%c: refined. ; grease, 3^3%e.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon. 17@l?c:
•Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8<gl0c; do
plain, 7@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7%@9c; Northern free, 10@12c; do de
fective. 7 1 ■;,'*< 10c per lb.
HOPS— 9@ 12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Offerings of Hogs are larger and Include five
cars from Texas, and prices show, a decline.
Beef and Mutton show no change.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
I for Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per ID. 2~,
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7@7%0
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small, 5%@5%c
for medium and s^s\ic for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, Cc; dressed Hogs. 7%@8%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; "Wool
Bags, 28^30c; Fruit Bags, 6c. 6Uo and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 7%c for
bleached Jute.
BALE ROPE— Pure Manila, 14%e; Sisal and
Manila Mixed, 13% c; Duplex Sizes. 12% c
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Se
-1 attle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
| $7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and
$10 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 In sacks. . *.-'-..
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $I@l 50; As
paragus, ; Tomatoes, 75SS0c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15@2 30 for
black and $2 15@2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 30<g;
1 65; Pears, $1 50@l 80; Apricots, $1 20@l 70;
Plums, 95c(g?l 25.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— l3%@l6c for prime
• washed; 11@12%c for good washed; 11%@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9%/§llc for
good to prime peaberry; 9@l2c for good to
■ prime; S#9V4c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; B@B%c for fair; s<g7%c for
] common to ordinary. Salvador 9@li%c for good
I to prime washed; 7%(§'S%c for fair washed; 9%@
i ll%c for good to prime washed peaberry; 7%@
B?ic for good to prime semi-washed; "V'£
B l ,ic for superior unwashed; 7%c for good green
unwashed; 8%@9%c for good to prime unwashed
I peaberry; 5@6%c for common to ordinary.
I Nicaragua — H©l6%c for prime to fancy washed;
I 8:6 lie for fair to good washed; 7Vi@7%c nominal
' for good to superior unwashed; B%@9^4c nominal
: for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate-
I mala and Mexican l2@ls%c for prime to fancy
: washed; 9(s lie for good to strictly good washed;
I 6gßv*c for fair washed; 7@7%c for medium; 4@
6%c for inferior to ordinary; 10@ll%c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 8%®9%c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; 7 1 / 4@S 1 ,4 c for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— AII lines of Leather have been
fairly active and Sole and Harness Leather
have been in demand and have sold readily at
I full prices. With the present prices on Hides
there is a very small margin for the manu
facturer, but with the present active trade tan
ners are encouraged to buy and to continue
with full yards. The real market of late has
been in Harness and Sole Leather, which has
been shipped freely to the West and South
west, where the California Leather, owing to
Its superior quality, finds a ready sale at lib
< eral prices. Sole, heavy. 28@30c per lb; Sole
'■ Leather, medium, 26<g27c: Sole Leather, light, j
I 26@27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@'2Sc; Rough
j Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy, I
I 32@33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30@32c; Har
i ness Leather, light. 201730 c; Collar Leather, 150
16c per foot; Kip, finished. 40946 c per lb; Veal.
. finished, 5<XS55c: Calf, finished, 75c@$l 20; Sides,
finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14@
16c: Rough Splits, S@loc per lb.
! OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c;
• pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 57c;
raw, 55c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 59c; No. 1, 49c; cases,
5c more; China Nut, 55@6Sc per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c;. cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c: Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c; Pa
: cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
j colors, $1 25<?fl 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk, 13c; Pearl Oil. In
cases. 19c: Astral. 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star
OH, 23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene, 21c: Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c: do, cases. 22c: Benzine,
In bulk, 15Hc; do, cases. 21% c: S6 degree Gaso
line, In bulk, 21c; do, cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s. 16 oz.
20s, 9%c: 6s, 14 oz, 20s, 8%c;.65. 32 oz, 20s, 7%c;
6s, 10 oz, 20s, 6%c. Granite Mining Candles —
6s. 16 oz, 20s, 10% c; 6s. 16 oz, 40s, 10c; 6s. 14 oz,
20s, 9V,c; 6s. 14 oz, 40s, 9o; 6s, 12 oz, 20s, B>4c;
6s. 10 oz. 20s, 7%c.
Paraffine Wax Candles— 2s. 4s and 6s,
white, lie: Is, 2s. 4s and 6s. colored, 12c; 12s,
white liy>c: 12s. colored, 12%e.
WHITE LEAD — Quoted at 6%@7Vic: Red
Lead and Litharge. 6?it?"Vic per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 73c; In iron barrels.
68c; in wooden barrels. 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 52c; raw, barrels,
50c; cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— S47@4S per flask for local use
and J42 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
dered. o»»c; Candy Granulated, sc: Dry Granu
lated. 4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A, — '; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4^c; Golden
C. 4^c: barrels. l-16c more; half barrels, %c
more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
5;4c per lb. " ■v-r-:'-'.--*\ •-;"-:>*:-
Lumber.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $16@17: extra sizes.
I higher; Redwood. $17@18 for No. 1 and $15@1S
for No. 2; Lath, 4 feet. $2 20@2 30; Pickets, $18;
Shingles. $1 76 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rus
tic, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. October 24.
Flour, qr ska 3,340 Lime, bbla 181
Wheat, ctls 14,480 Powder, car 1
Barley, ctls 7.810 Quicksilver, flks . 100
Oats, ct)3 470 Leather, rolls 97
Butter, ctls 96 Wine, gals 46,450
Cheese, ctls 23 Raisins, bxs SOO
Tallow, ctls ...... 25S Eggs, doz 3.990
Beans, sks 4,081 Hay, tons 116
Potatoes, sks ..... 4.557 Hops, bales 81
Onions, sks 633 Wool, bags 308 ;
Sugar, sks 400 Pelts, bdls 488 j
Sugar, bbls 500 Hides, No 927 |
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 760|Wheat, ctls 40
Oats, ctls 1 BSO|
THE STOCK MARKET.
- Hana Plantation was the active stock on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, selling
at $12(£?13. Giant Powder sold at $83 25@54 and
Contra Costa Water advanced to $69 50. Sales
■were free on this call. ■
: Business continued brisk on the afternoon
call. Giant made a further advance to $S5 and
Bank of California sold up to $406. liana sold
at $12 60012 3TV4 and there were sales of Equit
able Gas' at $6@5 75.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has
declared its regular quarterly dividend of $1
per share, payable October 27.
The Raven Gold Mining Company will pay
the regular monthly dividend of lc per share
In November. This is dividend No. 5 for the
company, and brings the total distribution up
to $49,500. ..;■; -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
.'". TUESDAY. Oct. 2*— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | -M A <-
US Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14 15
«s quar coup.. — — jO GL & H.... — 4914
Is quar reg — — f'ac Gas Imp.. — . 63
Is quar new..-. — 131% Pac Light Co.. 41 42 -j
3a quar coup.. — jOS% {? F G & E.... 61% 61%
Miscellaneous— . San Fran ..... — 3/i
Cal-st Cah 0h.. 117 . — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65..107 107% Insurance— ■■
Ed L & P 6a. 130 — Firem's Fund. —
F & Cl Ry C 5.115 — Bank Stocks— .:
Geary-st Ras. — Sir, Anplo-Cal ..... to —
H C & S 5%5.106 - Bank of Ca1...404 —
L A Ry 65....100^ — Cal S D & T.. — —
L A LCo 65.. M — First National —■- 848
Do gntd bs 99 — Lon P A A.... — IS3
:Do gntd 55.. --' — Mer Exchange — l»
L A*& P R 55.103 Vi — Nev Nat Bk...;s"Uil'.io
Market-st «5... — 129 . ■ Savinrs Hank"-"
Do Ist M 5«..116 — Ger S & L....1700 —
'NC NG R 7s;il2 — Hum S & L..1060 1160
NR of Cal 65.11» — Mut Say Bk. 39 42%
N R of Cal 5c.112% — 16 F Say U... 500 —
... • •
NPC R R 65. 105 108 <6av & L So.. — 52%
NPC It R 107 103 Bee Say Bk.. — SIC
Cal R ii IU - Union T C 0.1400 1440
OGL&HSS. - HO I Street Railroad*-
Oak. Tran 65. ..11 l 112% California 121 -
Om C Ry 65.. 123 128 Geary t "i »<> -
P& Cl Ry 65.. 11/7 - Market-st ..... 61% -
Pk &O Ry 63.113 - fei dio L . & .. H :.FS 30
Powell-st R6s - 122 Presidio 25 o0
Sac El G&R5s. - - Powder- f ....W 170
S F & N P 55.114% California ......155 170
6F& SJV ss. 115*115% E Dynamite... So <> 2
IRy of Cal 65.10S' 2 .plant Con Co.. 847* BaH
SPofA6s....- 1131,4 1 Vlgorii 2% 2%
S P C 65(190C). — — I Sugar— 
SP C 6s(1906).lll - Hana P C 0..... 12$ 12 ,
SP C 6s(1912).118% - Haw C&S Co 95% -
SPCIs eg 55104 - Honokaa S Co. 34% 35
S PBr 65.... m 123 Hutch S P Co. 20% -
B V Wat 65.... - 114 Kilauea S Co.. 2o 30
£ V Wat 45....103%104U Makawell S Co 49% -
SV W 4s(3dm) — 101% Onomea B Co., 38 39
Stktn Gas 65.. - - Paauhau S Co. — 30%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous-
Cont4 Cos?a 69% 69% Al Pac Assn...llßHJls>4
Marin Coun-.y. Srt - Mer Ex Assn.. - lw)
Bpring Valley.. 101%101% Oceanic S Co.. 86% —
Gas and Electric- Pac A F A,... -
Cent Gas Co.. - - Pac C Bor C 0.140 -
Tent L & ... HA - Par Paint Co. 8% —
Equit G L Co. 5% 6
• Morning Session.
35 Alaska Packers' Association IIS 25
35 Alaska Packers' Association IIS 25
20 California Safe Deposit • »' W
45 Contra Costa Water 6 ? ?°
50 Equitable Gas % »
25 Giant Powder Con °« »
25 Giant Powder Con " »?
25 Giant Powder Con " • '
100 Giant Powder Con »\w
25 Hana Plantation Co 12 CO
10 Hana Plantation Co 1- »
5 Hana Plantation Co " fi
135 Hana Plantation Co "60^
35 Hana Plantation Co l- •_* -1
25 Hana Plantation Co ••••• ™ '2,
50 Hana Plantation Co £ 5,%
15 Hana Plantation Co « "2
60 Honokaa Sugar Co j* ■»
100 Makaweli Sugar Co « 12%
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 11l o0
5 Oceanic S S Co f i 0?
50 Paauhau S P C 0...... f 2?
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 25
$2000 S F & S J V bonds.. 11» BO
94 Spring Valley Water 101 »
Street— . ■ „ „
$20,000 Omnibus Cable 6s — 12« 25
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s -..122 60
Afternoon Session.
Board— ; „. „
SO Alaska Packers' Association 118 25
B Bank of California 406 00
25 Contra Costa Water 69 50
100 Equitable Gas 6 00
100 Equitable Gas 6 S«}4
100 Equitable Gas aJo
25 Giant Powder Con 84 50
60 Giant Powder Con 85 00
60 Giant Powder Con cash 80 00
150 Hana Plantation Co 12 50
85 Hana Plantation Co 12 374
50 Hana Plantation Co s SO 12 3,%
35 Makawell Sugar Co 49 12%
25 Market Street Railway 62 00
35 Market Street Railway 61 <5
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 115 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 12%
70 Spring Valley Water 101 25
$3POOS "^Branch Ry 65... 122 50
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6s 122
$4000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortg) 104 00
35 Honokaa Sugar Co , 34 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGS
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— Li
40 Contra Costa Water 69 2o
50 Equitable Gas » «>
20 Giant Powder Con »2 Zo
$1000 Cal Street Cable 6s IIS 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 13 00
20 Spring Valley Water 101 2d
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 37%
20 Oceanic S S Co 87 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 86 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board — ... ,
20 Contra Costa Water «3 *•%
150 Equitable Gas 5 62 %
50 Equitable Gas 5 75
10 Giant Powder Con »4 25
25 Hana Plantation Co 12 >"■»
30 Hana Plantation Co 12 75
20 Oceanic S S Co 87 00
15 Oceanic S S Co 87 12%
20 Oakland Gas 40 12%
60 Onomea Sugar Co 3$ 50
75 Mutual Electric Co ...- 15 50
20 Mutual Electric Co 15 37%
20 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 25
30 S F Gas & Electric 6123
I $5000 S F & S J V bonds 115 50
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Tidal Wave  2 SO
100 Northfield '. To
100 Kings County Oil Co 2 00
100 Century Oil Co' 60
Street—
300 Northfleld 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Tidal Wave 280
10 Tidal Wave 2 83
20 Equitable 110
800 Barker Ranch Oil C 0....... ' 1 00
1 Selma Oil Co .675 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
500 Belcher 32 100 Confidence 69
100 Best & Belcher. 63 100 Occidental 17
700 Best & Belcher. 55 ; 100 Ophir 80
150 Best & Belcher. 54 100 Potosl 42
100 Caledonia 60 300 Sierra Nevada. 59
200 Challenge 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 60
450 Con Cal & Va.l 75 200 Union Con 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 09 200 Justice 03
100 Belcher 32: 100 Occidental 16
200 Best & Belcher 51 200 Overman 17
200 Bullion OS 460 Potosi 40
100 Caledonia 57 100 Sierra Nevada. 57
200 Chollar 30 1 700 Union Con 33
400 Con Cal & Va.l 70 j 200 Yellow Jacket.. 32
600 Hale & Norcrs. 331
Following wet« the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
800 Alta 03 500 Justice 04
600 Andes 10 300 Mexican 25
200 Belcher 32 100 Ophir 78
700 Best & Belcher 52 800 Ophir 79
200 Best & Belcher 61 400 Ophir 80
1400 Con Cal & Va.l 75; 500 Potosi 42
300 Con Cal & V.I 77% 700 Savage 20
400 Gould & Curry 33 250 Union Con .... 33
600 Gould & Curry 34! 200 Utah 10
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 52 200 Mexican 21
400 Best & Belcher. 51 ! 200 Overman 17
400' Con Cal & Va.l 70 ; 200 Potosi 40
250 Con Cal & V.I 67% | 400 Potosi 40
200 Gould & Curry. 32 100 Sierra Nevada. 67
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. October 24—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck — 08
Alta 03 04 Lady Wa*hin.. 01 02
Andes 08 10 j Mexican 24 26
Belcher 31 32 Occidental ..... 15 17
Best & Belcher 61 52 Ophir 79 77
Bullion 08 09 Overman 16 17
Caledonia 56 60 Potosi 39 40
Chollar 30 31 Savage 19 20
Challenge Con.. 21 25 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 70 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 70 ; Sierra Nevada. 66 57
Con Imperial... — 01 j Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point . . 12 13 j Standard ......2 95 —
Bxchequor — 02 St Louis — 06
Gould & Curry 31 32 Syndicate — 06
Hale & Norcrs 33 34 1 Union Con 82 34
Julia — 04! Utah 09 10
Justice — 04! Yellow Jacket.. 21 22
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographtc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
October 24, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur .at
the city front (Mission-street wharfi about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25.
Sun rises g.jg
Sun sets.: 5.'jS
Moon rises '.!il!!l!ii':6i"p.' in.
b Pm'l _•+ F'mel __ lTlmel ~TUnl
£? -~ \Tlme\ ~ \Tim*i Time
5- I 1 Ft. j Ft. 1 Ft Ft.
___ H WI L W H W L W
25... 5:30 4.5 10:12 3.2 3:52 4.8 10:5.' 0.5
26 ... 6:2a 4.8 11:39 3.1 5:08 4.2 11:49 0.9
£ - 8:S H J1:39i M 5:08 M U:4- O.J
27 ... <:10 4.9 12:50 8.8 6:20 4.0 ..
L W H W L W il"w
28... 0:34 1.2 7:43 5.0 1:44 2.3 7:29 4.0
29 ... 1:22! 1.4 3:15 5.2 225 IS g-29 * 0
30 ... 2:00 1.9 8:45 5.3 3:02 14 9*21 4 1
31 .... 2:36 1.8 ■ 9:14 5.4 3:34 0.8 10:10 4.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld»
and the * st or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
Lnited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height,
and then th« number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Continued on Page Eleven.REPUBLICANS
DETERMINED TO
WIN THE FIGHT
Leading Merchants
Will Organize.
ALLIES OF WORKINGMEN
KTW CHARTER DECISION
CLEARS WAY TO VICTORY.
large and Confident Audiences
Greet Horace Davis and Other
Candidates Every
Night.
The outlook for complete Republican
success at the polls on Tuesday, Novem
ber 7, daily grows brighter. The decision
of the Supreme Court sustaining the new
charter is an inspiration to Republican
workers. Certain Phelanites who have
been trying to arouse apprehension that
the charter was in danger and in need of
the protecting care of the Committee of
One Hundred find that their chief source
of political capital has vanished,
The charter is now secure. It has been
adopted by the people, ratified by the
legislature and its validity is established
by the Supreme Court of the State. It is
now the charter of San Francisco and not
the special property of any gang of place
hunters masquerading as reformers to
catch non-partisan votes.
The Republican party has demonstrated
Its ability to manage the affairs of the
nation and the State, and Republicans
believe that the party is capable of direct
ing the municipal affairs of San Fran
cisco. From the beginning of the charter
agitation until the rinish the charter had
no abler exponents and supporters than
Horace Davis and I. J. Truman. To these
gentlemen and others on the Republican
ticket the citizens owe a debt of gratitude
for intelligent work performed in behalf
of the local constitution. : V- " .
Mayor Phelan is now hedging on the i
proposition that Republicans opposed the
charter lie asserts that he dirt not make
the charge, but with a wave of the hand
and a smile of insinuation cites Joseph
Uritton as authority for the statement. ■
Phelan did charge Republicans with dis
loyalty to the charter, and now brings
Joseph R. Brltton forward as State's evi
dence. Were not the Republicans sincere
in their devotion to the charter when they
placed on their ticket for Supervisor the ;
man salted by Phrlan as the ideal cham
pion of the charter? Did not the nomina- !
tion of Britton attest the sincerity of Re- !
publicans? On what ground, then, can j
Phelan contend- that Republicans were
disloyal?
At headquarters of the Republican
County Committee and the room of the !
Horace Davis Central Club, indications of I
Republican unity and success are ob
served. Out in the districts the party
meetings are large and enthusiastic. In i
the beginning of the campaign fear was
expressed that sufficient interest could
not be awakened in the municipal elec
tion to induce registered Republicans to
turn out ami participate in the demonstra- |
tions of the campaign. The decision of ;
the court holding that all the principal |
offices are to be tilled gives the local con
test the prestige of a general election
and insures a very large vote. In San ■
Francisco a full vote may be accepted as !
a guarantee of Republican triumph. The
fact that the approaching municipal elec- |
tion will be regarded throughout the State
of California and In the East as an en
gagement preliminary to the great battle
of 1900, will stimulate Republicans to
special effort en behalf of the ticket.
I'ndor the leadership of Horace Davis a
groat victory should be gained. He is a I
leader of national reputation, fearless,
able and honest. :
To-night Republicans of the Thirty- j
eighth District will rally at 1032 Golden •
Gate nvenue to hear Horace Davis, ,
Colonel T. V. Eddy and Major Kyle.
Th(-so will bo a club meeting to-night \ ,
in the Twenty-eighth Assembly District j
at 7d Stevenson street. Republicans of ; ,
the district will rally and Indorse the j
ticket. !
Many lending Republican merchants of
Fan Francisco will assemble at the Union
League Club this afternoon in response . :
to the following invitation: ,
SAX FRANCISCO. Gal., Oct. 24, ISS9.
Pear Sir: The undersiimed respectfully In
vlte you. If you are In accord with the Re
publican party an" believe in holding this ■ ;
Stats in the rank ct Republican States, believe ,
In expansion and the other isrues for the ;
benefit of our State, and the election of th- i ■
Hnn Horace Davis for Mayor and the rest of
the Republican ticket, to be present at a meet- j
ing to be held at the Union League Cub rooms*.
Palace Hotel. "Wednesday October 23 at 3:30 i
p m to form, a club of the business men of
this city to work on behalf of Mr. Davlß and
the ■ tire Republican ticket. Yours respect- <
lul!y# LOUIS SLOSS SR-,
H. T. HOLMES.
C. MASON KINNE.
SAM J HENDY.
CHRISTIAN HELLWIO,
CHARLES L. HELD,
JAMES K. WILSON*.
JOHN* R. CROSS, ,
C. G. YOUNG.
A. D. MANGRUM.
K. B. CUTTER,
O. D. CLARK.
BOASTFUL DEMOCRACY.
District Meetings Degenerate
Into Societies for Mutual
Admiration.
The Democratic district mass-meetings
have degenerated Into societies for mutual
EcSmlratlnn. The speakers are limited to
ih- candidate* and they limit themselves
r-laudation. The performance has
been repeated s=o often that It ceases to
have even the interest of novelty. In
Progress Hall on Twenty-fourth street
Jast night the usual programme was car
r!« 1 our. The Democrats of the Thirty
sixth District crowded the hall and dis
played marked fortitude and patience in
r Mayor Phelan, who did not
arrive until after 10 o'clock. While wait
ing for him the other speakers made their
ordinarily bad speeches worse by making
them ;
Thoso that now occupy public places
told their hearers of ali the reforms that
have been worked in municipal affairs
.-.I took all the credit to them
-1 Do llT* charts werft of course,
and the versatile and voluble doctor
tolii what a good man he is and how he
pie. Franklin K. Lane re
in; fd all the victories he 'has won and
that if he is not re
'l the city will go completely to the
dcmnltioa bow-wows. The four nominee*
for Police Judges took turns describing
th«Mr virtues »nd Osgood Putnam in
POSTUM CEBEAL.
"BAD AS LIQUOR HABIT," '
Druggist Says of Ooflee Drinking.
"Drinking coffee at restaurants more
or loss for several yenrs, I was finally
forced to the conclusion that it was
the cause of my dyspepsia, with the
hungry feeling I was continually an-
I with. It caused me not only
distress, but s<-rious Inconvenience. I
am satisfied that the coffee drinking
habit U v truly a pernicious habit as
the drinking of liquor. It made me ex-
ceedingly nervous and interfered with
my business, where a Bteady hand is
a necessity.
"My experience with Postum Food
Coffee teaches that it is truly a blesß-
lng, and to be highly recommended.
My own great improvement has given
me interest in the preparation. Mr.
Frank Terrey, a cyclist, at 6713 Vin-
cennes avenue, left off coffee and drank
only Postum during his training 1 forth*
races and was greatly benefited by the
change. C. R. Paterson, another cy-
ueed Postum in place of coffee
nnd saye it gives strength and vigo»
whore coffee causes a feeling of heavi-
ness."— Edgar G. Coates, 86 Van Buren
Btruet, Chicago, IIL
structed his good people patronizingly
how to vote. Charles Wesley Reed mod
estly refrained from a long speech, as he
said he would simply say what the Mayor
would say later and he did not want to
steal any of his Honor's thunder.
Major Geary was even more fiery' than
usual. He has got out on the firing line
now and says he is going to win the bat
tle aa he won battles at Manila. As he
won none there his self-imposed task
ought to be comparatively easy from one
point of view. Dr. R. Beverly Cole re
peated the chaperone performance and
related Incidents of the childhood days
of. the other candidates. As the hour
grew late the difficulty of holding the au
dience became greater. Max Popper, the
chairman, filled in an awkward gap with
a dissertation on the charter and at last
the Mayor came.
Mayor Phelan had no new Ideas to of
fer. He Is still the apostle of progress,
the champion of the people's rights, the
defender of the municipality. Every
thing that is bad or weak In local gov
ernment is the work of his opponents.
Everything good that was ever won for
San Francisco was won by himself ami
he pledged his audience that he will
win some more if they let him. He wants
to be Mayor not for gain nor for honor,
but to serve the people. When the
Mayor had concluded the meeting ad
journed with three cheers for the ticket.
ENTHUSIASTIC RALLY.
Citizens of ths Potrero Gather
and Shout for Horace
Davis.
A rousing meeting: was held last night
by the Thirty-second Republican District
i Slab. Bonfires and music acted as har
bingers and the hall was crowded before
the hour for the candidates' speeches had
arrived. George Wimmer acted as chair
man of the evening.
When Horace Davis, the Republican
candidate for Mayor, walked into the hall
he was greeted with prolonged cheers, but
this was hut a mite compared with the
applause and welcome he received -when
introduced by Chairman Wimmer. Every
period of the Republican candidate was
the signal for cheering and hand-clapping
approbation en the part of the audience,
which was most enthusiastic.
Horace Davis toid his audience of his
position in favor of the charter, of his
career and his solicitude for the •working
men He also referred to his labors in
Congress and his success in securing the
passage of the exclusion bill. Taxes and
sewerage Improvement were also consid
ered, and Mr. Davis' views on the one
which advocates a reduction and not an
Increase and a much improved sanitary
st-werage for the city showed accord with
the minds 01 his audience.
Following Horace Davis, Major C. W .
Kyle took the platform, and he spoke of
what the Republican candidate had done
for the working classes and what his ca
reer as a business man had been. "Every
dollar he earned." said Major Kyle, "has
been put into productive industries which
give employment to his fellow-men."
L. Grant Carpentar, nominee for Police
Judge, took the platform. and his remarks
called for lengthy applause. Dr. T. H.
Morris, nominee for Supervisor; Dr. Mc-
Lean, nominee for Supervisor, and other
candidates spoke on campaign issues, and
the meeting adjourned amid the cheers
and expressed determination of the Po
trero Republicans to work for the ticket.
AT GARIBALDI HALL.
Garibaldl Hall, on Broadway near Mont
gomery street, was crowded last night
with enthusiastic Republicans of the
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Assembly
Districts. George M. Perine acted as
chairman and introduced Colonel T. V.
Eddy as the first speaker. Colonel Eddy
ftaid that since the Supreme Court had de
cided in favor of the* new charter the
Republicans had shown a more deter
mined attitude and were now more con
fident of winning a fight that their oppo
-1 declared at the beginning of the
campaign was hopeless. As election day
approached this confidence asserted itself
in the ranks of the Republican party
Btronger and stronger. Horace Davis pos
sessed all the good traits of his polit
ical opponent and naught could be said
against his character. What he had done
9an Francisco and for California was
a matter of record. "Gentlemen," he
ided, "keep up this fee-ling of con
fldence; take off your c>ats and work
from now on, and on the Bth day of No
vember you will be proud to shake the
hand of our next Mayor— Horace Davis."
The Knickerbocker quartet favored the
nee with some campaign selections,
and William A. Deane, Charles A. Low
William Watson and W. Z. Tiffany ad-
I the meeting.
Horace Davis then entered the hall and
was loudly cheered as he stepped to the
platform. Mr. Davis, In the course of
his remarks, said that it was his inten
tion, if the people saw fit to make him
Mayor of their city, to give them in re
turn a good, clean and honest adminis
tration.
"I am," he said, "in favor of a new era
for Baa Francisco. I want to see her
placed near the head of the list of fine
cities. A complete sewer system, new
■Ihouses, new hospitals and a fair
pi art toward the goal of commercial proa
pi ritj is what San Francisco is entitled
to. Mr. Davis urged his listeners to
keep up the good work and on election
day elect the Republican ticket from too
to bottom. v
THIRTIETH DISTRICT DEM
OCRATS.
The Democrats of the Thirtieth Assem
bly District met last evening in the San
P'rancisco Athletic Club rooms, at Sixth
and Shipley streets. A bonfire and a
brass band were a part of the attractions
The other attractions were the wander-
Ing candidates for office on the Demo
cratic ticket. P. J. Tomalty presided and
Introduced the speakers. Mayor Phelan
Major Geary L. F. Byingtbn, R p"
Doolan, Franklin K. Lane and half a
doz<=-n others were on the speaking lint
The principal speech of the evening was
made by Mayor Phelan. He said that the
Republicans of the city could not be
trusted because they were controlled by
corporations and they would serve the
corporations if they were elected to office
He hedged very strongly on this proposi
tion on second thought, and said that
there were Republicans who had voted
for him and he hoped that they would
discard national political principles and
vote for the Democratic ticket.
POTRERO REPUBLICANS.
Republican Club No. 1 of the Thirty
third Assembly District met last night at
Maennerbund Hall, corner of Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue. The
following officers were elected: Chairman,
William McNamara; first vice chairman,
William Cross; seoond vice chairman,
Joseph Healey; financial secretary, Ed
Wc-sllng: recording secretary, J. F. Wil
liams; treasurer, H. P. West; sergeant-at
armp, S. Butteri. One hundred and fifty
Republicans signed the rolL
CITIZEN REPUBLICANS.
Thp Citizens' Republican County Com
mittee met last night at Its headquarters,
26 Geary street. \V. S. Scott, P. J. Kelly,
John Jackson, A. G. Knight and Peter
Hammond were appointed a committee to
take charge of the campaign. John Jack
son was elected secretary of the County
Committee. The secretary was instructed
to notify all Republican candidates to
have the title of the Citizens' Republican
party placed on their printed matter.
IN THE FORTY-THIRD.
Republicans of the Forty-third Assem
; bly District met last night at California
Hall. 620 Bush street, and organized a
Horace Davis Club. Dawson fttayor was
elected president, Fred Tobelman secre
tary. General H. H. Warfleld and Thomas
: B. Upton vice presidents and F. p. Shlb
aley treasurer. A committee of fifteen
j was appointed as an executive board and
: a committee of a like number was ap
| pointed to take charge of the campaign.
: The club will meet to-morrow night and
i Horace Davis has signified his willing
ness to address it.
DOOLAN DEMOCRATS.
The R. P. Doolan Democratic Club met
last evening at 1159 Mission street. W.
McCarthy, president of the club, presid
ed. Speeches were made by Thomas
Hickcy, R. P. Doolan, L.. F. Byington. C.
Wesley Reed, Larry Dwyer, James Bdtt
and others. The rooms were decorated
with a large number of pictures of
Doolan. The speeches were of the regula
tion order, the speakers predicting, with
out an exception, that the Democratic
ticket would be elected from top to bot
tom. A pleasing variety was given to the
proceedings by the comic songs of
Messrs. Kelly and Marlow and the instru
mental performance of McMahon and
King.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
PLOT TO OPEN
THE INGLESIDE
RACE COURSE
Secret Planning of
Arch Schemers.
OUTLINE OF THE CONSPIRACY
GOLDEN PROMISES TO THE OUT
GOING SUPERVISORS.
Canvass of the Board Shows That the
Hopes of the Agitators
Are Without Foun
dation.
Ingleside's tragic record of disgrace,
defalcations and death was spread be
fore the world in The Call of Friday,
March 3, 1899. The history of the closing
of the track and the expulsion of the
horde that brought misery, degradation
and death to many households need not
be told again, but it is time to warn the
community that a conspiracy Is hatching
to provide ways and means for reopening
the course.
Of late there have been secret
' gatherings attended by men of the
j Rainey, Crimmins and Lanigan type,
who are plotting to restore the old order
lof things at insleslde. The schemers
believe that the public conscience is dulled
and public vigilance is relaxed. They
: fancy that men sitting in the Board of
i Supervisors may be persuaded or induced
] to view the suppression of racing at
Ingleside in a manner at variance with
1 former views. Corrigan, the "Master of
i Hawthorne," is here taking observations
i and giving the schemers the benefit of his
| advice. While the meetings have been
held in secret The Call has managed to
ascertain the motives and something of
the plans proposed by the conspirators.
The advocates of an open course, where
pool-selling and bookmaking shall be ulti
mately toleruted, do not propose to sweep
away all barriers at the iirst attack, but
hope to gain their ends by gradual ap
! proaches. Their present plan is to care-
I fully sound outgoing Supervisors to ascer
' tain how far they will dare go in opposi
! lion to the pronounced public sentiment
: against the old form of racing and gar
ni bllng at the track. The schemers beiieve
I that some of the Supervisors are about
I ready to weaken. Reports brought In by
: Crimmins, Rainey and Lajilgan may jua
! tify this belief in the secret circles of the
schemers.
An ordinance repealing the existing pro
hibition will not bo recommended, as the
leaders in the movement to reopen Ingle
side are convinced that such an ordinance
would he vetoed by Mayor Phelan. It has
| been suggested, therefore, that efforts be
directed to obtain support of a majority
I of the Board of Supervisors in favor of a
simple resolution allowing races to be
I conducted at the track. It is contended
that the Mayor's objection to such a
resolution would not defeat its purpose,
for tho reason that his signature would
not be r^-iuired to make the resolution ef
fective.
The Call is in possession of information
I obtained by a close canvass of the board,
; that a sufficient number of Supervisors
I cannot be tempted by the golden prom-
Isee of the conspirators and touts to
j change their views of the situation.
BURGLARS MAKE
A BOLD RAID
OF RESIDENCES
The Western Addition
Suffers.
A gang of burglars committed whole
sale burglaries in the fashionable pre
cincts of the Western Addition last night.
] Within two hours four residences were
broken into and looted, and in three cases
the thieves escaped with their booty and
I in each case they succeeded in getting
away without being seen. The police
were notified immediately by telephone to
the Central station, but before the detec
tives arrived the house-breakers were op
erating in other portions of the district.
They first broke into the residence of
: Mrs. S. 11. Proctor at 1917 Webster street.
, Mrs. Proctor was visiting friends, and the
; burglars forced the front door open with
| a "jimmy." They entered the bedrooms
; and carried off clothing, jewelry and other
valuables. The richest haul was made at
the residence of Attorney Barclay Henley,
2131 Green street.
Here they succeeded in carrying off al
most a sackful of valuable silverware
from the dining room, and jewelry, dla
! monds and other valuables from Mr.
: Henley's sleeping apartments. The burg
lars opened the front door with skeleton
; keys.
The lawyer was out at the time, and
it Is presumed that the house-breakers
had a lookout on the other side of the
street to notify them when the oppor
tunity to "touch off" the residence was
ripe. Henley returned shortly after the
burglars left and he immediately reported
the matter to police headquarters. While
the police were looking over Mr. Henley's
residence for a clew the daring thieves
were busily engaged plying their trade in
a residence at 2044 Jones street, where
they wore also successful in getting away
; with valuable jewelry.
Their last effort was at the home of E.
. A. Maxfleld, at 1314 Washington street,
I and here they met with defeat. Mrs.
; Maxfield had just retired when she was
i awakened by footstep* in the front yard.
By the time burglars opened a window
at the rear of the place she was moving
about with a light, thus frightening them
| off. The police visited Mrs. Maxfield's
house shortly after midnight hoping to
get a description of the men.
FREUD'S REGISTRATION.
J. Richard Freud called at the Regis
trar's office yesterday to »xplaln the rea
son he had registered from the Butter
street Hnmmam Baths. When the deputy
Registrars called at the baths to make
inquiries about Mr. Freud they were In
formed that he did not reside there.
The fnet that he resided at the baths
was known to one of the proprietors only,
and after making an examination Regis
trar Steppacher decided that Mr. Freud
was entitled to register from there. The
following letter is self-explanatory:
CITY HALL. SAN FRANXISCO. Oct. 24.
J. Kichard Freud Ksq., City— Dear Sir: I have
made an examination Into the question of your
registration, and from the statements made I
am satisfied that you are entitled to register
from the place you are at present reslstered,
416 Sutter street, an* that your case is fully
covered by subdivision R of section 1239, Polit
ical Code. Your name has not been stricken
from the register. Respectfully,
J. BTKPPACHER,
Reglntrar of Voters,
The friends of Mr. Alfred P. Black, Re
publican nominee for District Attorney,
will meet to-night at 8 o'clock In the as
sembly room, Mills building, second floor,
to form an organization to aid in his elec
tion. If In the haste Incident to the open
ing of the campaign any friend of Mr.
Black has not received a personal notice
he will please consider this a request to
be preeent without fail.
Hangman Lunt Improving.
Dr. J. Henry Barbat announced last
evening that Hangman Lunt of San Quen
tin Prison was rapidly regaining his
health of mind and body. The physician
said that his patient was suffering from
nervous exhaustion, with occasional spells
of melancholia, but with careful treat
ment and a much-needed rest, he would
soon be In a condition to go back to his
duties.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
AN OLD PIONEER HAS
GONE TO HIS REST
BERKELEY, Oct. 24.— One of California's oldest pioneers. James Mc-
Gee, passed away in the university town shortly before 3 o'clock
this afternoon.
Mr. McGee was 85 years of age and came to this State with the
early settlers of '49. A native of Ireland, he crossed to America
as a young man. He was early attracted to California, settling
upon his arrival in Alameda County. The old McGee homestead on Catha
rine street, between Dwlght way and Charming way, dates from the tlni3
of his first settlement here. In the early days the site upon which the
university town is now built was held by a quartet of large land owners,
of which Mr. McGee was one. The other three were F. K. Shattuck, Wil
liam Hillegasa and James Leonard. The four owned about equal tracts of
land. With the death of Mr. McGee the last of the four passes away. They
were all prominently identified with the progress and development of this
city and of this section of the county.
The estate left by the old pioneer consists chiefly of an extent of city
property known as the McGee tract. It comprises some of the most val
uable land in the city, extending over twenty-four blocks, and lying be
tween Addison street, Dwight way, California street and Grove street. A
portion of the tract was recently purchased by the Board of Trustees as
a site for the new City Hall.
Deceased leaves behind two daughters to mourn his loss— Miss Mary Ellen
McGee and Miss Katherine McGee. The funeral will be held from the old
homestead next Friday afternoon.
DIRECTORS ARE
LOOKING FOR A
GOOD WARDEN
Robert McKillican in
View.
The State Prison Directors are carefully
looking over the field to find a Warden to
fill the vacancy tit the Folsom prison
caused by the death of Charles Aull.
Among the men considered was Thomas
Cunningham of Sail Joaquin. whose ex
tended and able services as Sheriff of that
county are recognized throughout the
State. The Directors, after mature delib
eration have reached the conclusion that
the new Warden at Folsom should be a
man in the prime of life, with an abun
dance of physical vitality and great per
sonal energy.
Recently a numbor of prominent men-
Democrats and Republicans— held a con-
Cerence and decided to ask Robert Mc-
Killican of Alum-da County to become a
candidate. Thi: suggestion of Mr. McKll
lican's name was received with favor by
several of tho State Prison Directors, as
they recognized in him a man possessing
the qualifications that rendered the late
Ward* n Aull so efficient and acceptable.
When Mr. McKillican was sounded to as
certain if he would serve if elected ho
said to his friends that he was not a can
didate and was not seeking the office, yet
if the Prison Directors should regard him
as a man whose services were needed
and should offer him the position he
would accept the office.
It Is known that Mr. McKillican has the
support of many earnest Democrats and
Republicans. He made an excellent rec
ord as Sheriff of Alameda County, win
ning the confidence and respect of lead
ing men in Doth political parties. In the
political arena he is known as a straight
out Democrat.
The Prison Directors find it no easy task
to discover the material for a first-class
Warden. The man at the Immediate head
of prison affairs should possess a number
of Qualifications. He should be firm,
brave, vigilant, patient and just. Strength
of character should be united with vigor
of mind and body. Those about him and
around him are constantly on the alert
to detect a weak place in his make-up.
In many respects Charles Aull was the
ideal Warden. Men filling subordinate
places had respect for his judgment and
authority and convicts knew that he was
not a weakling. Mr. McKillican Is a
strong, even-tempered, well-balanced man
of sound judgment, resolute In purpose,
but withal patient and kind.
SUCCESSFUL BURGLARS.
Two daring burglars entered the resi
dence of Louis Ferrea at 163S San Jose
avenue last Sunday night, and succeeded
In making quite a rich haul of diamonds,
jewelry and cash. The thieves effected
an entrance to the Ferrea premises by
prying open a window at the rear of the
bOUBe. The doors inpide the house were
all unlocked, so the housebreakers had
free access to every room from the
kitchen to the front parlor. They rifled the
bureau drawers in Ferrea's sleeping
apartments and carried oft valuable jew
elry belonging: to his wifa. Ferrea's gold
watch and chain was taken from his vest
pocket.
The burglary has been reported to the
police and the detectives are searching
FOR 25 YEARS
HAS BEEN RECOMMtNDED BY
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
As the Best Natural Aperient Water.
UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR
Constipation and Stomach Disorders,
Get the Genuine!
JAMES McGEE.
for the burglars. Several such burglaries
have occurred in that vicinity of late and
It is believed that the same men com
mitted the crimes. The police have a
good description of the burglars and they
hope to apprehend them soon.
A Stevedore Injured.
VVilliam Hagan, who lives at 4126
Seventeenth street, sustained a fracture
of the left leg last evening while workinp
in the hold of a ship at the Paclflo Rolling 1
Miils wharf. Dr. Dray reduced the frac
ture at the Receiving Hospital.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
INAUGURATED TO-DAY
BERKELEY, Oct. 24. -Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, formerly professor of Greek at
Cornell University, will be formally in
augurated as president of the University
of California to-morrow. In view of the
outlook which the institution has before
It of being architecturally one of the
largest in the country, as well as the
position held by President Wheeler In the
world of letters and education, the occa
sion will be one of the most significant
yet known In the university's history.
Arrangements for the ceremony are now
completed. The exercises will be held
within the cinder track on the college
campus, beginning at 2 o'clock. Carpen
ters have been at work for the last few
days building a platform within the in
closure and erecting extra seats for the
visitors. Aside from the regular trains
running from San Francisco to Berkeley
extra locals have been arranged for to
carry visitors every half hour between
11 and 2 o'clock.
Shortly before the time set for begin
ning a procession will be formed at Stiles
Hall, consisting of the members of the
Board of Regents, the faculty of the
university, together with the guests and
speakers of the afternoon. President
Wheeler will wear his doctor's robes, as
will also many of the other distinguished
collegians invited to be present. The
procession will march in academic state
from Stiles Hall to the cinder track in
closure, and their arrival there will be
the signal for the exercises to begin.
The programme will consist of speeches
by Regent Andrew S. Hallidio of the
Board of Regents, and by Presi
dent David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University. President John Gll
man of Johns Hopkins Univer
sity, Baltimore, arrived from the East
last night. He will deliver the inaugural
address. President Wheeler will then
formally assume his office as president of
the university, and in his address is ex
pected to outline the policy which he ex
pects to pursue.
Should the weather prove unfavorable
the ceremony will be held in Harmon
gymnasium instead of upon the cinder
track, and the faculty procession from
Stiles Hall will be omitted.
FLOW OF OIL STRUCK BY
SAN PABLO PROSPECTORS
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— Some excitement
was caused to-night by the report from
San Pablo that a party of prospectors had
struck a flow of oil. For some weeks ex
perimental boring has been in progress
under the direction of J. Walter Lay
mance. A few bucketfuls were brought
to Oakland and were declared to be good
samples, but the extent of the reported
i flow could not be learned.
Officer Threatened to Shoot.
I OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Jack Martin and
|W. F. Martin, who were arrested last
I night, were given until Saturday to plead.
They reslßted arrest for disturbing the
I peace and took away Officer Woods' club
i and helmet in the struggle. Woods was
forced to draw his gun before the men
would respect his authority, and, with
the assistance of Officer Hynes, he ar
| rested them. A third man who took part
j In the row escaped.
SOCIETY TURNS
OUT TO WITNESS
A BIG WEDDING
Miss McLean United
to Mr. Olney.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. October 24.
The marriage of Miss Mary McLean,
daughter of Rev. and Mrs. J. K. McLean,
and "Warren Olney Jr., was celebrated at
8:30 o'clock this evening in the chapel of
the Pacific Theological Seminary, Webster
and Thirty-fourth street*. The ceremony,
which was performed by Rev. Charles R.
Brown of the First Congregational
Church, was witnessed by a large number
of invited friends. The function was very
fashionable.
The preparations for the wedding in
cluded the lighting of the lawns and the
approaches to the seminary by large Chi
nese lanterns. The chapel and reception
rooms were decorated with vines, palms,
pepper and autumn leaves. The altar was
wreathed in geraniums and the stairway
was bright with autumn leaves.
The floor of the. chapel was covered with
canvas and an aisle was formed from its
wide doors to the altar by means of white
ribbons held by the following sextet of
young gentlemen: Archibald Borland, H.
il. Wutson Jr., Walter Brann, Charles
Evans, Louis Bartlett and Sheffield San
born, college friends of the groom.
Before the ceremony Stewart's stringed
orchestra rendered the "Adagio" of the
Emperor quartet, by Haydn; Schumann's
'•Traumerel" and Reuben's "Music of the
Spheres." This was by request of the
bride. The wedding march from Lohen
grin announced the bridal party. During
the progress of the ceremony a portion of
the gard<;n scene from "Faust" was
played, and Mendelssohn's wedding march
announced the closing words.
The oride, gowned in an elegant crea
tion of white dnchesse satin, Venetian
point chiffon and satin applique, came In
on the arm of her father, who gave her
away. She wore a veil and carried white
roses. Her maid of honor, Miss Mary Ol
ney was in pink taffeta. The brides
maids were: Miss Minnie Bailey, Miss
Cordelia Bennett, Miss Pauline Collins and
Miss Bertha Bradley, the llrst two in
white taffeta and the last two in pink taf
feta. Edgar Beard of Napa was best man
and the ushers were Tom Olney, Vail
Bakewell Will Olney and Will Gorrill.
Congratulations and refreshments fol
lowed the service, and the presents, which
were many and extremely handsome,
•were shown the guests. The guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. Warren Olney Sr., Mr. and
Mrs George H. ColiinF. Mrs. C. T. Mills. Mrs.
Tolman Miss Tolman, Mr. and Mrs. F. Marion
Smith 'Miss Smith. Dr. and Mrs. Charles R.
Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Alexander TP. Stewart,
Mr and Mrs. Frederick B. Glnn. Mr. and Mrs.
A. H. Breed Professor William D. Armes, Dr.
and Mrs. Yon Adelung. Mr. and Mrs. Giles
Gray Professor Bradley, Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Brings, Miss Morgan,
Major Evan^, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Watson,
Mr and Mrs. Strong, Miss Carrie Little, Dr.
and Mrs. E. K. Dille, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Ralston. W. C. Bartlett, Senator and Mrs.
Frederick Stratton Miss Mabel Gray, Miss
Elizabeth Gray, Miss Rose M. Taylor. Mrs. H.
S Burbank. Miss May Hume, Mrs. M. M.
Brook, Judge and Mrs. Haven, Miss Martha
Haven, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Kellogg, Mrs.
E. C Hagar. Burton Palmer. Mrs. C. Z.
Merrltt I>r. and Mrs. Gllman. Miss Mary Wil
liams Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Williams, Miss
Rebecca Belcher, the Misses Palmer, Miss
Charlotte Sperry. Mr. and Mrs, J. O. Cadman,
Mls« Eliza Thompson. Mrs. G. W. Hume,
Professor and Mrs. J. B. McChesney, Mi=s
Alice McChesney, Dr. and Mrs. H. B. Carle
ton Rev. and Mrs. H. E. Jewett. Mr. and
Mr*. Gary Howard. Mrs. Q. M. Fisher. Miss
Grace Fisher, Miss Florence Hanna. Rev. and
Mrs. Hobart. the Missel Lacey. A. W. Hare,
the Misses Potter, Senator and Mrs. Guy C.
Karl, Bernard Miller, Professor and Mrs. Fos
ter Professor and Mrs. C. S. Nash, Mr. and
Mrs. Ell King. Mr. Sanborn. George Metcalf,
Mr and Mr' F. F. Barber. Miss Harriett
Merriam. Cleveland Forbes, Mrs. J. H. Brew
er, Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Price, Mr. and Mrs.
Weston. Mr. Wilder. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Rich
ards, W H. Chickerinsr. Miss Wertz, Rev. Dr.
Bakewell, Mrs. Bakewell. Miss Delaney, Mr.
and Mrs. Forbes, Miss Ethel Moore, the Misses
Herrlck Miss Bailey, Mrs. George Armes, J.
O. Codman, Mn>. Codman. Charles Kellogjr,
Joseph Garber. Miss Kittredge, Mr. and Mrs.
E. H. Kittrodpe, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Wilson,
Miss Wilson, Mr. Miller. Professor and Mrs.
Fred Slate. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Montague,
Mrs. Montague, Professor and Mrs. Hart, Pro
fessor and Mrs. Honpstler, Harry Van Dyke.
M. R Jones, A. H. Elliott, Mrs. Elliott. Pro
fessor and Mrs. E. E. Brown. Mrs. Bradley
and Miss Annie Brewer.
CAHILLS COULD NOT
DISMISS DIVORCE SUIT
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— After the scoring
she received at the hands of Superior
Judge Greene yesterday Mrs. Margaret
Cahill, who is being sued for divorce by
her husband. Christopher C. Cahill,
seemed more inclined to-day to settle mat
ters out of court.
When the matter of counsel fees and
costs came up again this morning It de
veloped that ihe parties had called at the
County Clerk's office, stating that they
desired the whole proceedings dismissed.
A blank had been given them, such as
is used for dismissals, and this they had
signed, but Judge Greene declined to rec
ognize the same as final, advising that
the dismissal could not very well be ac
complished without the consent of their
attorneys. The matter, therefore, was
once more continued until next Monday
to enable them to arrange matters with
their attorneys.
SHORT LIVED LOVE.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Edward R. Per
rin of Alameda, who just one month ago
to-day led Mrs. Sarah Johnson to the
altar at San Leandro •as his bride, has
come to the s-ad realization that when age
meets age in matrimony then comes the
tug of war with more attending sorrows
than aged bachelorhood in all its loneli
ness.
When Perrin married Mrs. Johnson on
Sunday, September 24, he had just passed
his seventieth birthday anniversary, and
the ancient bride was but six years his
junior. He had previously occupied com
fortable apartments in an Alameda home,
while she owned a cozy cottage at San
Leandro, so that companionship was
rather inviting to them in their lonely
singleness, and many friends extended
congratulations upon the supposed good
fortune of the two souls meeting to enjoy
in comfort their declining years.
But when the aged groom abandoned
his bachelor quarters for the homestead
uf liis bride at San Leandro, peace and
happinrss soon flew away in opposite
directions, for with the responsibilities
that rest upon a husband's shoulders
came the necessary drag upon his purse
fof the purchase of many necessary
household articles and kitchen utensils,
and. If the st<sry now told by some of
their friends be true. Mr. Perrin found
that while he had looked upon matrimony
as an opportunity to save his dollars more
than formerly, Mrs. Perrin had looked
upon it in the same light from her side,
and further, if reports be true, he did not
ivlish the idea of spending his money and
his wife saving hers. A discussion of
finance? waxed Into a heated debate and
finally Pc-rrin tnok his clothes and left, ,
and now P^rrin resides in Oakland, while I
his bride of a month is ensconced in her
lonely cottage meditating over the next
step to take in her troubles.
■♦ « —
Cupid Rushing Business.
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— Cupid did a rush- I
Ing business at the County Clerk's office !
to-day, and affairs matrimonial were
numerous. Early in the day Daniel Mc-
Carthy, 33 years, and Mary B. Webber,
aged 20, both of San Francisco, secured a !
marriage license and Immediately after
ward were united by Justice Quinn In
Clerk Jordan's private office.
Licenses were also issued to the follow
ing: Victor C, Heikes. 31 years, of Boul.'.er,
Colo., and Anna M. Sellier, 24 years, Ala
meda; Pierre Caubisens, 33 years, and
Rose Pallhet, 20 years, Oakland; Walter
Morgan, 32 years, and Annie Gilbert
Roberts. ?2 yc-ars, San Francisco; Oscar !
E. Miller, 26 years, and Sarah E. Nelson,
II years, San Francisco; John Baptiste j
Grona, 27 years, and Erodina Sachou, 18 '
years, Livermore; "William Czolkowsfc?,
21 years. San Francisco, and Julia Fish. 19
years, Oakland; August Muller, 30 years,
San Francisco, and Annie E. Miller, 27
years, Frultvale; Warren Olney Jr., 29
years, and Mary M. McLean, 26 years,
Oakland; John Blake McDonald, 47 years,
and Vllana Leonard. 43 years, San Fran
cisco; Herman Harfst, 21 year?, and
Elizabeth Burke, IS yoars, Oakland; Nils
Peter Palmquist. 43 years, and Albertine
S. Rosenberg, 40 years, Oakland.
Mrs. Addison's Sudden Death.
.OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Mrs. C. Addison,
a canvasser aged 49 years and residing
for sometime at the Victoria House on
Clay street, suffered a stroke of paralysis
this afternoon at MS Orange street. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
died shortly afterward. Deceased leaves
a daughter residing at Pine Grove.
Big Note, Mortgage and Interest.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The Oakland Bank
of Saving's to-day recorded a mortgage
given hy Daniel Inman and wife. covering
600 acres in Murray Township, for $2r>.07".
The note on which the money was loaned
bears interest at one per cent per month,
compounded monthly.
ADVERTISEME27TS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being 1 mailed to all •who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
| physical suffering of lost manhood that .
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 323 Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when,
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man.
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write wtihout delay.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
; j^^ Steamers < leave Broadway
IT^'na wharf, Pan Francisco.
lrSSSsMfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1-pgJKjWtek Oct. 3, 8. 13, IS. 23, 28; Nov.
I StaCftffes'lsSra 2 > change at Seattle.
1 Bftyijfa jgfll For Victoria. Vancouver
i!xi£i§»ff£ti§ll (B . ).-.). Port Townsend, Be-
if^^^KwßHfl attle, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
* cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
13, 18, 23. 28; Nov. 2, and
every fifth flay thereafter; change at Seattle
1 to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Oct. 6,
11, 18, it, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
after.'
For Santa Crua. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obiapo). Gavlota.
Santa.Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
\ East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
i a. m., Oct. 3, 7, 11. 15, 19. 23, 27, 31; Nov. 4 and
■ every' fourth day thereafter.
I For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
■ (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
' Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
■ Oct. 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 23, 29; Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter. - ", v
For Ens»nada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain a folder.
The- company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— i New Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE % It. & N. CO.
, ' DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO 5
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including BertH
in 111. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20. SO; Nov. 9, 19, 29,
STATE OF -CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14. 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent, i
630 Market st. i
GOODALI* PERKINS & CO., ■-. '
Superintendents. \
AMERICAN LINE.
JTBW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAKIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. "1
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a, m. ' •
St. Paul Oct. 194 St. Paul .Nov. 9
New York. Oct. 25 New York. Nov. 13
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Not. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
• Prom New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. IS Frlesland .Nov. S
Kensington ....Oct. 25 Southward Nov. 19
Nordland , Nor. 1 Westercland ...Nov. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight anft
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,,
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
tor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, an!
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKON Wednesday, Nov. 1
NIPPON-MART! Saturday, Nov. 15
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First, •.,.-.-*-
-\ W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
COMFAGNIE GEKERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -r-Tirtt
Sailing every Thursday Instead of ■^Sfl^&
Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at wi* r *«*-
-10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28; LA TOTTRAINE. Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9; LA NORMAN-
DIE, Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FTJGAZI & CO.. Pa-
ciflo Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
SK SIS L Honolulu and
• tBBiIHI Auckland for Sydney
y I v - Wednesday, Nov. 1.
QWjmcnilVJ The S. S." Australia
QjltGllUllll/ pails for Honolulu
(Offlfifltlir"" Wednesday. Nov. 15,
im!l«'vjlW3^ at 2 p m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
; Samoa New Ztealand. Australia, India, Suez,
i England, etc.; $610 first-class.
S I. D. SPR£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Fcot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB.S.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. T.'ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night). T"rl.
flays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. »
FAKE 60S
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SS7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
too Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 o'clock,
615 Larkin etreet; open until 8:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission etreet; open untll.lo o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until C o'clock.
1W Eleventh street; open until » o'clock.
_ 1096 Valencia street: open until » o'clock. .
Ncrttwost corner of Twenty-second and Ken-'
tucky Mreets; open until 9 o'clock. _
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M. The officers and members of the --^\,
above named lodge are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late/~r >
brother, EDWARD WATERMAN ROBERTS,
nt 1320 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland, THIS
PAY (WEDNESDAY), October 25. 1899. at !
2 o'clock p. m. Members will take the 12:45
boat, narrow sraupe. By order of the Master. !
FRAN KLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and •
A. M-— Officers nd members will as- _^i_
fpttiMo at the Temple THIS.WEDNES- JlJ\ '
PAT) AFTERNOON. October 25, at 'y "*
1 SO o'clock to conduct the funeral of tneir<
late brother, JOHN SATCHWBLL.
GEO. J. KOBE. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 189. F. and A. M
M. Third decree THIS (WEDNES-^V«
DAY) EVENING. October 25. at ' :So^^^
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
H. FOKTRIF.DE. Secretary.
F,XCELSIOR Lodge No. 168. F. and A. •
M. Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-^^
PAY) EVENING. October 25. for In-
strwctlon. By order of the Master. ' ~ •
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodce No. IC9. F. and A. M. «
fall, meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third Ae-JLX
B ree. C. P. HUNKER, Sec. '**
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch. At- y
ten<l meeting at the hall. 1133 X . .
Mission ft.. THIS rWEDNES- J..~^»|gi
PAY) EVENING. October 25, at Ak. jet
S o'clock. Important business jPTvrr
to be transacted. <^~
THE PRESIDENT.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. 2— Funeral -
Notiee-r-The officers and members "fBJStSj
the ab.ive division are hereby notifleilJO*?^
to meet at ISI2 Fillmore st. bet. Sut-flwNJ*
rer nn.3 Bush, on THURSDAY. Octo-B__J»s_.
V.er ?C. Nt 5:15 a. m.. to attend the funeral of
our brother. JEREMIAH MI'RPHY. Fines
for non-attendance will be strictly Inforced.
BARTLET LEE. President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — Annual meet of. stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street.
In the city and county of San Francisco.
Stnte of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
rr.th day of October. l? O. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness Re may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14.
:559, et 12 o'clock m.
' E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
fc. K. BALI. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adji accounts for corporations & firms: r*>f.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, images, collections.
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees: call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. |
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckeln building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
>.'A<;i & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building." 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; mi charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. P27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNE V Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BO VIII) AM) ROOMS.
MARK ?H3A~(Hotel Robin^mTV^UndeTTiew
and excellent management; MRS. M. C. ROB-
INSON, formerly Oakland, prop. ; sunny
suites, very desirable for families; first-class
taWe; quick Bervice; reasonable rates; family
suites a specialty; American and European
plan.
.MARKET. 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
and excellent management; MRS. M. C. ROB-
INSON, formerly Oakland, prop. ; sunny
suit.- desirable fur families: first-class table;
quick service; reasonable rates family suites
a specialty; American and European plan.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel rooms $1 50
we?k up, with board $5 £0; suit for two with
boar:. $12; board, $4 week; meals. 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
ONE or two ladles !n nice country place near
Haywardp; fine private house: excellent
board; convenient to railroad and electric
cars. R<.x 444, Call office, Oakland.
DESIRABLE mom, private family: near Hop-
kin- Art School; breakfast If desired; ref-
erences. Box 2551. Call office^
,A NEW. family Tel, SO7 California Bt.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
•"BELGRAVIA," Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. $45 up; single, $20.
jD'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms; su-
* pertor table board: bath; piano; reasonable.
POWELL, :03 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
- nnd sinele. with or without board.
BOARD AND ROOMS WTED.
ROOM, an I board wanted in private family by
gentleman; must be north of Market St., be-
tvtefn Kearny and Powell; near Y. M. C. A.
preferred. AiMrfpe box 2911. fall.
-WANTED— Sunny room with board for lady;
extra waiting required; Jewish family pre-
f erred. Box t '47, Call office.
TOUNG lady desires room and board with re-
. Bpectable private family; references ex-
changed; central location. Box 2S4S. Call.
■REPPKCTABLE stenographer desires board
and room; central; rent $15; In private fom-
:■ 11 y. Box 279. Call office.
WANTED— By young man; room and board,
with Jewish family. Box 2910, Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
■ XccTraSjO^ATIoTrToTToTT VmaiT chiidrenT
mother's care and home comforts. MRS. C.
' L. DE MONT, 518 East Eleventh St.. Oakland.
{CHILDREN boarded; best of care; terms mod-
erate. 6 Cottage row, off Bush, nr. Webster.
BOOKS — AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought ' and exchanged^
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st, near Third.
BOOTH AND SHOES.
'LADIES' best rubbers. 25c and 35c; men's
boots, $2; children's shoes, 65c up; ladies'
shoes, $1 up; send for price list. . .
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
i on Union st. , living room; cheap rent; good
' business. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
' about $60; a long leaße; only first-class cus-
■ torn; a (dunce of a lifetime; investigate at
" once. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$350— CORNER Baioon, one block from Market
St., close to Odd Fellows' bldg; rent $40;
lease; dally receipts $18; death cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$7500— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar. din-
. ing-room, etc. ; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
est Investigation solicited. Call R. O.
WILKE. 606 Market St.-
— — CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60: mercantile lunch; between wholesale
houses and Iron foundries; place clearing $100
per month; lease. Call WILKE, 906 Market.
/ _jr,OO— CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors;
Market and Powell Bts. ; only the very best
class of patronage: no rent to pay; a spledld
offer. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
$250; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
SO6 Market _t. •
$800— GROCERY and bar: fixture* cost $1000;
fresh stock; Invoice $600; $25 dally; must be
sold; sickness. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
A— RESTAURANT and I furnished rooms
opp. depot; half hour's ride from city; fine
business; furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO., 22V. Geary St.
A— S6OO— CIGAR stand; corner; clears $100 a
month; chear> rent. KREDO & CO., 22}_
Geary st. v
A— BUSINESS clearing $76 each per month;
partner needed; this is a fine opportunity; no
night or Sunday work. HEALY, 917 Market.
$125— SALOON; centrally located.; must sail
this day. COWING & CO.. 895 Market st. :
$175— CIGAR store; great t bargain this day.
COWING & CO., 996 MarKet st
BUSINESS CHAJfCES— Continued.
$1260— GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca-
tion; best class cash trade; good horse and
wagon; large stock; fine fixtures and safe;
cash register; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
Restaurant, near car hou»e and I car lines;
big regular trade; Saturday and Sundays large
transient; living rooms. M. LESS, 765 Market.
RESTAURANT and oyeter house; Market
St.; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given If
you mean business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$260— PAYING branch bakery in the Mission;
4 living rooms; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS. 765 Market.
BUTCHER shop; doing business $25 to $35
day; 100 route customers; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
great sacrifice. JONES. 865 Market st.
$450— BEST saloon In city; cor. Clay St.; value
In sight. MoLAT.'GHLTN, 777% Market st.
PHYSICIANS, attention— Paying practice with
drug store for sale; reasonable; fullest in-
vestlpßtlon; best reasons for selling. Box
2351, Call office.
1800; PARTNER wanted as oashler to attend to
cigar store; $500 cash, balance on time; no
agents wanted; barber erred. Call 1206
Market st. .
$SOO— RESTAURANT and oyster house; In good
locality: average dally receipts $30; no agents.
Box 2844. Call office.
GROCERY store; doing a good business; good
location. Inquire of E. A. KOLB, 425 Mont-
gomery st.
HOTEL men attention.— have good hotel
propositions. SCHWEINHART &. CO., 1007^
Market st., near Sixth.
SALOON— I 2 Seventh st.; I. O. O. F. building,
opp. new Postofflce bldg.; make offer.
WANTED— First-class woodworker for high-
class work; must have $1000. Box 2839, Call.
WANTED— Man with $50 for good paying busi-
ness. MR. W.. 320 Hyde st.
FOURTH, 303— A 20-room house well furnished;
good pay; good location. .
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER, 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
CORNER grocery and bar; good corner;
established 12 years; good trade; stock new:
cause of seeing, retiring from business; lease
if desired. Junction Guerrero, San Jose aye.
and Valley Ft.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar, wood and coal, hay
and grain, boarding stable, expressing; 11
years in business; owner retiring; long lease.
Call northeast corner Fifteenth and Guerrero.
$2500— of the best located drug: stores in
the city, clearing $200 per month; selling on
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box 844. Call office.
MODEL Art Store. 3032 Sixteenth St.. below Va-
lencia; on account of death; pictures, picture
frames; all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— interest In
horse wagon, furniture, brooder?, chicken
feed etc., for sale, or win sell whole. Box
876. Call office, Oakland.
FOR — Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below ;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business: must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
res-t on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; rent $9;
water free; income $60. Apply 604 M. Mission
St., room «. between 12 and 2 o'clock.
CIGAR store; very cheap; good location; cheap
rent: owner desires to go to country. Box
1<97, Call. ____^
BRANCH bakery and stationery store; three
living rooms; rent $11; for Bale. 1342 Sacra-
mento st.
SECOND-HAND furniture and tool store doing
fine business; on account going East. 1070
Howard st. ___^
PAYING bakery: good location: no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 543, Call.
PARTNER In cheap and useful invention, or
will sell whole or part. Address 511 Eighth.
RESTAURANT; good location; for sale cheap;
account other business. Box Sfi7. Call office.
$1000 WILL buy half interest In $4000 ranch.
Write P. O. box 321. Redding. Cal.
FOR Grocery and branch bakery: price
$3T.0. 801 Jefferson St., Oakland.
GOOD paying fruit etore; investigate. 4S
Seventh at.
FOR Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
16$ Second st.
$250— OLD established florist Ehop; doing pros-
pe^ouß business; cheap rent. Apply Call office.
GOOD-PA rooming house, for cash; 16
rooms. 133 Hyde st.
$200— PAINT shop: estab. 40 years: good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS, 926 Washington st.
PRIVATE boarding-house; 25 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1344 Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. SWELL & CO. 'B, 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
n»w; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
Roods stores; rock&way. 828 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies. Furrevs and horses. 1140 Foifom st.
CARPET BEATINa AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 88-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'B. i Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, Sc per yard: trl. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) M^IKITL'ALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
■ the well-known trance medium" and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J.WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic,, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 6
■ p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L., 25c; G., GOc. 612>/_ Eddy.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St.. room 7. second floor. __
MISSION Lyceum entertainment to-night.
Mission Opera Hal]. 2131 Mission St.; don't
miss It. .
YOUR future told by cards, 25c: daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p.m.; Sun., 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.. 102V4 Sixth.
COTERIE of gifted psychics in various roles
to-night. 117 Larktn st.; 10c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night. 8:15; sittings
daily. ISO 9 Stockton St., near Greenwich.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Bluings, dally. 212H Sixth St. -
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth nt, near Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1208
Market, par. 14; mall with $1 and stamp ans.
MME. HANSON. palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slatewrlter.
830 Ellis st. seance Scottish Hall, Sun, night
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader} satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th St.,
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; sittings
dally; teat meetings. 10c; circles. 25c; 2, 8 p. m.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. 60c. $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market..
'■ CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
TJTTCA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds . and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, j2l Spear 5 st. g i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
• COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 527 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, with or with-
out stable. 409 Dolores st., near Seventeenth.
'• ~~ DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Z«nka»d— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use «f electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artist la
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from oOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 SO
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. i
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger ' than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 60; platen,
full set, $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our Specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
Oi:iO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 2Gc.
MEYER— Deutscher TJahnarzt, 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a i
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSES— Cutting and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house, $10. 403 Grant aye., cor. Bush.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
mode $.' up; dresses made ever: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship, $50; send for catalogue,
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
neering. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey. assay, archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College, 1236 Market st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Filllppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
■ Leipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Lnrkin St., opp. City Hall. •
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary 6t. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nlshed promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT^ AV ANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation;
understands French and German cooking;
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sut-
ter. St. '
THOROUGHLY competent cook and housework
girl desires a situation; best city references.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St., Phone
Main 651.
COLORED woman, good cook and houeeworker;
$15 to $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH nurse girl, with 4 'years' references;
Infant or invalid; good seamstress. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. •
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation In the
country; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter St.
FRENCH ladles' maid, courier and seamstress
wishes situation; best of references. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, situation
as housekeeper: Is a good cook; will do gen-
eral housework In a small family: small
wages. 030 Golden Gate aye., room 39.
LADY desires a home for herself and daughter
In return for services as housekeeper and to
instruct children In grammar studies; also
music. Box 2845, Call office.
WANTED — By a competent woman, situation
to do general housework; one who is a good
cook; moderate wages. Apply for two days
at 560 Mission St.
RESPECTABLE woman (Protestant) seeks
position as chambermaid In hotel or board-
ing-house; good references. Apply M. H.,
1036V6 Folsom St., near Seventh.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
light housework; willing and agreeable; good,
plain cook. Address 270 Minna, nr. Fourth.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced cook;
willing- to do downstairs work or part wash-
Ing; city references. 621 Minna st.
WOMAN wishes a position to do chamberwork
and plain washing; wages $15; sleep home. 12
Washington st.
GIRL would like to assist in housework or
mind a child;, city or country. Please call
at 166 Silver st. . ■
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework. 810 Pine, bet Mason and Tay.
lor.
NEAT Danish girl wishes to do housework In
respectable family; ref. Call at 33 Juniper St.,
off Folsom. ■
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
to do general housework and cooking; state
wages. Box 871, Call. . .
POSITION wanted by a first-class nurse; can
take entire care of baby; best references. ■• Box
878. Call. ■ •
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework. Address 17 Howard st.
YOUNG girl wishes any kind of work durlnr
the day. Box 2966. Call office. |
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook, iiii
Sutter st. . -
WANTED— Position to do upstairs work. 622
Stevenson St., near Sixth.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the dayi
washing or house cleaning. 149 Fourth st. :..
A RESPECTABLE person, good cook and
housekeeper, wishes position; good home pre-
ferred; best of references can be given. Call
618 Ellis St., near Larkln.
SWISS Eirl wishes a situation to do general
.work with an American family; willing to
work. 516 Pacific st.
A YOUNG experienced woman wants situation
to do housework: is a first-class cook; city or
country acceptable; can give best of refer-
ences. Address M. X., 3808 Seventeenth st. ■'. \
GOOD German cook wishes situation to do
cooking and plain washing; city or country.
848 Third st. • ■ . -
WANTED— By young German woman, house-
cleaning and window-cleaning; $1 and car
fare. Address MRS. W., 6 Shipley St., off 4th.
WANTED by an elderly American woman,
situation to do light housework in small fam-
ily, or for man and wife. :A. M. C.. 12Vi
Scott place, bet. Pacific , and Broadway.
AN elderly woman wishes light housework-
small family In the city; good home; small
wages. 81 Fir«t aye. and Clement st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would . receive patients in her
home; good references Address Nurse, 47 A
Clara St., Third and Fourth Folsom and Har-
rison. ...
GERMAN cook wishes situation in gentleman's
family; good cook and housework; good refer-
ence. 748 Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth.
SCANDINAVIAN girt wishes position as cook.
, 17 Howard st.
YOUNG Swedish lady wishes plain sewing at
home. 425 Bush st., room 11, first floor.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and' respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ■'■-.. . - 
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALeT~
COMPETENT couple desire situations; man
first-class carpenter and cabinet-maker and
wife first-class cook; city or country. Apply
to MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter at.
A— sloo WILL be paid for Information that
will secure situation for practical farmer as
manager or foreman of dairy, stock, vine-
yard or grain ranch; thoroughly competent to
take full charge of either; best of' references.
Address J., box 870, Call office.
YOUNG married couple wish to take charge of
country residence; man carpenter, woman
general housekeeper; best references. Ad-
dress box 2840, Call office.
YOUNG Danish man, single; wants situation
In private place; thoroughly understands care
, of horses, cow and garden: best of references.
Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh St.. Oakland.
CARPENTER, middle aged, as general work-
man; has a good chest of tools; well recom-
mended; will work cheap. Address Carpen-
ter, box 986, Call office.
SALESMAN desires position; thoroughly ex-
perienced In crockery, glassware and house-
furnishing goods; first-class references. Box
2965, Call office.
COOK, first-class chef (professional man),
wants situation; only the best letters; hotel
preferred; German, French, American. Box
2913. Call. .■ .
GOOD steady bread baker wishes position; a
second or good third hand. Address 266 Te-
hama st. : v ;,;
BAKER on cakes and bread wants position:
also good hotel baker and pastry cook. 707
Minna st.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches, Al references, desires
situation as puch. Ad. C. S., 1022 Jackson.
BARKEEPER, German - American, age 26
. years, wants work. Box 2929, Call office. '
YOUNG man, good business education, wants
situation; willing to Invest a few hundred
dollars in legitimate enterprise. Address box
£66. Call office.
MAN of good character wants situation In gen-
eral merchandise or grocery store In country;
will work cheap at first to learn the busi-
ness; good driver; references. Address L. 8.,
727 Bush st.
STEADY, sober young man wishes a position
of any kind; handy with horses. Address E.
C, 400 Capp Bt.
WANTED— By reliable married man, a posi-
tion for collecting accounts, rents, etc., and
looking after property; large experience; ref-
erence and best of security if required. Box
286, Call.
WANTED— By an experienced man, a position
as clerk in a retail grocery store; wages
moderate;, references. Box 281, Call.
STRONG married man wishes situation In
wholesale house or any kind of work. J. W.,
255 Tehama st. -
EXPERIENCED young man wants position
doing general work in mercantile house; am
good bookkeeper; quick, accurate and trust-
worthy. Box 278, Call.
WANTED — Work by young man by the day at
house and carpet cleaning. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone East 963.
GOOD barber can be had for evenings, Satur-
day and Sunday. Address box 9SB, Call.
BARBER wants situation; 1 year's experience;
$10 a week. Address box 289, Call office.
GARDENER, thoroughly understanding care
or horses, cows, chickens; references; pri-
vate placo. N. D., box 989, Call.
JAPANESE young boy wishes a position In
a small family as a schoolboy; wages no ob-
ject. Box 232, Call. :-->. ••-;
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position as cook
in small family. K. KAWASAKI. 1329 Pine.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work in
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country:
man good porter; wife good chambermaid:
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call Of floe.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; references;
city or country. Box 809. Call.
EXPERIENCED cellarman wishes situation;
can do cooperage repairing ; references If re-
quired. Address E. MUTIN, 1524 Powell st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, pent to any ■ address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EXCHANGE.
20 ACRES fruit and walnuts; good buildings;
near Los Angeles; $5500 clear for property
around bay. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. '
FLATS TO LET.
CLEMENTINA, Sl2V4— 6 rooms; In good
order; sunny side.
FINE flat, 7 rooms and bath; 623 McAllister, nr.
Van Ness. Apply 1 623 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS, 3311 and 3315 Twenty-first st., near Va-
lencia; 3 rooms, bath and cellar each.
FLAT hunting "made easy with the printed
list you get from JJALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st. '
GEARY, 1909. opposite Hamilton Square— Two*
flats. 5 and 6 rooms each; upper flat reduced
. to $12 50; lower to $16.
GEARY. 1917— four nice rooms; bath; toilet,
gas; nice yard; cellar; furnished hall.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— 4 rooms; gas;
bath: modern improvements; rent $16.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat: 7 rooms; with
-light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NEW flat of 4 rooms. Apply at 65>4 Zoe st.,
between Bryant, Brannan, Third and Fourth.
NICE sunny 8-room flat; good order; reasonable
rent to good tenant. 439 Fourth st.
O'FARRELL, 1933-1937— flats. Just com-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. ■ - ■
TO Modern sunny upper flat; 7 rooms and
bath. 1824 Sutter st.
TO — 8 flats of 4 rooms each. Key at ■70
Clementina St.. bet. First and Second.
$16— UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth st., near Howard.
7 ROOMS and 2 kitchens; modern; sunny bay
windows; for 2 families. 417& Third st.
$17 50— 6-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
• 641 Castro st., near Nineteenth. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly' Call.
16 panfew. In wrapper, for. mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 1313— Two new modern , flats; 8 and 10
rooms and bath; front two streets;- sun all
day; newly and handsomely furnished. • Apply
10 to 12. :.
TWELFTH, 324— Flat of 3 r corns; stable If re-
quired.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, I 80;
tapestry Brussels carpet isewed.laid and lined,
80c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
$335 CASH— Furniture of 7-room flat: good as
new; a bargain; rent low. 772 Stevenson,
off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
LARGE and ■ small lots; 200 rooms; country;
: must buy this week. Box 754, Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your id-hand ■ furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets.furniture.etc.: highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllverßtein.ll2l Market.
, FURRIKRS, FURS. ETC ' ,
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, - $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
/ HELP WANTED-^-AGENTS. '■
AGENTS a very where to sell map of the battle-
; fields r, in . the Philippines; , 46x64 inches in 8
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P.H v
LAM AR, , 21 First , st., - San Francisco.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
IF Gretchen Kooiftra Is unemployed call at
room S6B Palace Hotel, between 4 and 5 to-
day, MRS. W. S. L.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
Clerk for a candy store, city, $7 a week to
start; 20 waitresses, country hotels. $25 and
$20 and fare; 2 hotel waitresses, city, $20; 6
restaurant waitresses, city, $6, $8 week; 40
girls for general housework, city and coun-
try, $35 and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— 4 waitresses, restajurant, $6 a week;
laundress, institution, $30, short distance;
laundress, private family, $25; laundress, ho-
tel, $20; 2 German cooks, $30 and $35; cook,
American family, $25; 4 Protestant girls, $20
and $25; French nurse,'* $20; 4 nurses, $16; par-
lor maid and waitress, $25; Protestant second
girl, $26; housework, country, $30; 4 second
girls, $15 and $20; restaurant waitresses, $20
and $6 week, city and country; housework,
$20 and $25, city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $36; 2 second girls, $20 and $26: nursegirl.
$26; housegirl. $25; housekeeper, $10; woman
for housework, must sleep home, $15; 2 cooks,
$25 each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, country,
$16. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter Bt.
YOUNG girl to take care of child 26 months
old. Call between 10 and 12 a. m. at 2133
Fillmore st.
WANTED— Good cook: also girl for second
work. Apply between 9 and 12 at 2932 Jack-
son st.
WANTED— Walstmakers and tailor at AR-
NOLD, FRASER & WALSH'S. 628 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats at ARMAND
CAILLEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED— Girt to work in restaurant. 8 How-
ard St., near East.
GIRL to assist in housework for good home;
8 adults in family. 1522 Sutter at.
GIRL wanted; must be good cook and laun-
dress; wages $25. 1167 Octavla st.
GIRL; general housework and cooking. Please
call at 719% Clementina St.. near Ninth.
CASHIER and bookkeeper; experienced; ref-
erences. Box 2842, Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework. 868
Broadway.
YOUNG lady to attend to store and keep books.
Apply 12-1 p. m. only, 3030 Sixteenth st.
GOOD finisher and experienced apprentice girl
on custom coats; also presser. 126 Russ St.
GOOD waitress wanted; $6 a week. 631 Clay
street.
YOUNG girl to do general housework; need not
cook. 1831 Eddy st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. 927 Market st,
room f* '
WANTKD-Girl to assist In cooking and light
housework. 1217 Webster st.
FIXE finisher wanted on fine pants; steady
work. 227 Fifth Bt.
NEAT girl to assißt in small family; $10. Ap-
ply between 10 and 12, 2050 Ellis st.
GOOD lady barber at 7578 Howard St.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on vests; good
wages. Box 2912, Call office.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping for 1;
wages $8. Call 710 Lombard st.
GIRL to assist with second work and care for
grown child. 2293 Franklin st.
EXPERIENCED waist and skirt hands, m!
.L WILLS, W Port «., room A.
GIRL 14 to 16 to help mind baby. 1562 Post
St., near Laguna,
WANTED — Experienced apprentices on custom
coats. D. ABRAMS, 40 Ellis St., room 52.
A GIRL for light housework. 1219 Steiner st.
WANTED— Tailoress to ladles' tailors. 115
Geary Bt.
BRIGHT young lady to travel and assist
gentleman In his business; moderate salary
and expenses; in answering state age, qua.ll-
flcationß. etc E. P. TRAYNOR, Call office,
1 >ukland.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Goueh and Grove Bts.
GOOD crocheters and finishers on sweaters and
underwear. Apply J. J. PFISTER KNIT-
TING CO., 413 Polk st
WANTED — Ladles learn best system shorthand
and typewriting at home; experienced gent.
Address box 2»55. Call.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. 304
Tehama st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard Ft., bet. 4th an<l sth, over handball court.
APPRENTICE and a good plain sewer for
dressmaking. 2437 Mission ft., near 21st.
SCANDINAVIAN servant: general housework
and cooking. 2406 Sutter st.
GIP.Tj; housework. Call at 623 Florida st.
PROTESTANT girl wanted; plain cooking;
two In family; wages $16. 1602 Washington.
WANTED— A dressmaker. 1318 Larkln st.
WANTED— A nursegirl. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work. 1718tt Unionist.
WANTED^-Protestant girl for light house-
work. 1517 Hyde st.
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and with
children; wages $20. 661 Geary st.
GIRL to do housework In Email family. 375
Lexington aye.
25 HANDS on silk and woolen waists. SAN
FRANCISCO MFG. CO., 409 A Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
YOUNG German girl, 15 to 18, for light house-
work; $15. 1630 Grove st.
TAILORESS and finisher wanted on fine cus-
tom coats. 633 Natoma st.
WANTED — 4 ladies who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones at.
FIRST-CLASS experienced saleslady for cloaks
and suits. Paris Cloak House, 1114 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U. 8. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
HELP WANTED-HALB.
THE 8 German waiters from the East that
called at our office yesterday please call
again. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary at.
HOTEL man who thoroughly understands
rooming and office work; no bookkeeping;
Eastern man not barred; $100 a month and
fiund. Apply in person to C. R. HANSEN at
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
EXPERT butter and egg salesman for whole-
sale house; $100 a month. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st.
FREE FARE. ...COAST ROAD.. ..FREE FEE
Teamsters and laborers; ship Thursday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASB hotel butcher; cook, restaurant,
$65; cook, country hotel, $50: German cook for
an institution, country, $40; cook and wife,
$70; third cook, $45; third cook, country hotel,
$30 and fare advanced: upstairs porter, hotel,
$25; houseman, $25; bellboy, $10 and $15; diiah-
waehers kitchen hands and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS and laborers for the Valley Road.
$2 a day and free fare; 2 harnessmakers for
ranches, $30 and $36 and found; 6 rough car-
penters for a ranch, $1 50 a day and board;
farmers, milkers and others. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— Blacksmith, country, $40 and found;
6 quartz miners, $2 60 day: fireman for mine,
$1 75 day; laborers for mine, $2 10 day; labor-
ers, grading, etc., $2 day; Scandinavian
driver for milk wagon, $25; shingle sawyer,
$45; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
1 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, $60; second cook, $40, country
hotel; broiler and second cook, nice restau-
rant, $50; cook, country restaurant, $50; baker
for country, $10 week; second cook, $45; wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife for Santa Clara
Valley, $4.>: light work, wife to cook for
about 4 men and man to attend chickens,
etc. ; see party to-day. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Boy for this office; young man as
typewriter and stenographer, assist other-
wise; clothing salesman, $10 week; Ameri-
can farmer for institution, $35. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
office: a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with tlrst-class help. 1205 Market St., near
Eighth; telephone Main 61.. Wm. Haberecht.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 162.
BARBE.RS— Wanted to buy. half or whole in-
terest in good paying shop; country pre-
ferred. Box 877. Call branch. Oakland.
GOOD plain cook wanted at DEWEY HOUSE,
32 Kast st.; small wages.
WANTED— First-clans ooatmakers. FRED
GAUDIN. 8 Kearny st.
BUSHELMAN. Ean Jose Woolen Mills Co.,
£23 Market tit, room 3; bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
. ... HELP ' WANTED— MALE.
A— MEN to top beets, $26 and found; camp
waiters, $25; shingle sawyers, $50; foreman
woodchopper. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Help for Utah, Washington, Oregon, British
Columbia . and all parts of California and
Arizona
band sawyer ..shoemakers. slate splitters
lather gash and door maker.... blockmaker
shingle packer... iron molder. ..granite cutter
$3 50, $3, $2 50 day come and see
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A ...WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 38 sawmills, etc
.....no experience wanted.
....197 men for 60 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
wages from $28 to $40 and found :
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers...
woodsmen and mlllmen of every description,
$80, $76, $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tiemakers, shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds
We pay MURRAY & READY,
• Your fares 634 and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES
26 laborers, inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare 60c $60
12 quarrymen, country $60
SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and coun-
try Jobs, $3, $2 50. $2. $1 75 day; some by the
day, others factories, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. OTHER HELP.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY, BAKERY. ETC.
18 cooks $65, $60, $55, $40, $30 and found
144pvatters $30, $25, $20 and found
19*alshwaehers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator b0y5..../.
7 laundrymen and pantrymen.. s3o and found
Coatmaker; broilers; second, third and fourth
cooks; two first, four second: third hands and
3 boys to learn baking trade: $40, $35, $25, $20,
$15 and found; five cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55, $50, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
687 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
6 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives.
$40 and found: see boss here.
Bcxmaker Crockery packers
edgerman. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
22 CARPENTERS for a steady Job for 9
months, country $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— s GOLD Mines ....6 Silver Mines
IS Other Mines...
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
16 miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found
62 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $63
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found
Great Crowds MURRAY & READY,
Going Dally 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS Dairies Stables
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
68 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
12 milkers $30, $25 and found
12 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15, $10 and found
9 stablemen, buggy- washers, hostlers, har-
ness-cleaners, etc $50, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WE ship you free ...Railroad work
155 teamsters, laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
MILK wagon driver; $30 and fd. ; city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy to make himself useful in
store; references required; also last situation.
Box 2367, Call office.
SHOEMAKER for new work and repairing;
steady Job. 923 Howard st.
WAITER wanted. 624 Fourth «t.
WAITER wanted at 435 Ellis st.
APPRENTICE with some experience In black-
smithing. 1013 Harrison st.
MIDDLE-AGED dishwasher. $4 a week. 413
Pine St., M. LIPSCHIT3.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Call about 9 a. m.. 3
Sixth st.
BOY to run errands in coal yard. 172 San-
chez, st., near Market.
BARBER; young man; easy work; $9 week.
Address E. D. 8., Petaluma, P. O. box 507.
TWO-CHAIR 15c barbershop for sale. 606 Mc-
Alllster st.
EXPERIENCED plumbers' boy helpers. 623
Golden Gate aye. . H. HUFSCHMIDT.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted; good wages.
1205 Market st.
WANTED — Younff man to work in grocery
store at 435 Third St.
YOUNG man to learn saloon business. South-
east cor. Clay and Davis sts. ; references.
PRESSKR and cleaner wanted on soldiers'
clothes; also bushelman. 2519 Greenwich st.
WANTED — Barber; must be good and steady.
2503 Folsom St.
BARBERS— For sale cheap; your own price.
Address box 282, Call office.
WANTED— At Goat Island, 15 carpenters, 6 tin-
ners, 5 plumbers' tinners and plumbers' help-
ers, graders; apply with tools and blankets,
ready for work, at Pier 7, tug Vigilant, 7:30,
9:30 and 2. CAMPBELL & PETTUS. ,
NOW — Barbers' home: free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 120-5 Market St., near
Eighth; telephone Main 51.
TO Tailors — Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS.' LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED — men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk.
A— YOUNG men to Join Ayres' Business Col-
lege; have more positions than we can fill.
WANTED— Piano player by the month. O.
WEINHOLD, cor. Lombard and Lyon sts.
YOUNG man for dining-room and chamber-
work. Crystal Hotel, 739 Fourth st.
GOOD shoemaker wanted: steady situation. S.
J. Gray, 115 South Second st., San Jose.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
COATMAKER wanted to take part of room at
935 Market St., room 16.
STRONG boy for tailor shop. 83 Third St..
upstairs. ■
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
-1 neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— Skirt maker at SCHIMMEL * &
' STOVER'S. 408 Sutter St.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged^ half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organised union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
? Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 pv week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert v instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. " S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St. " :
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. -15c and 250
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 26c night: reading room; fre*
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest correr of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky nts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. : • ' **•'■«
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1826 Market st., between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and buil-
nefts horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57
li Minna St.. bet. First and Second.
FOR sale— 4 fresh milch cows, with calves. J.
F. PERLE, Angel Island.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
—OVER WONDER MILLINERY j STORE—
14 rooms; $400 cash. bal. $10 month $600
23 rooms; will sell at auction about price
asked for house; elegant — 1700
81 rooms; facing 3 streets; only 1050
30 rooms; corner; rent $80 1350
39 rooms; new sunny corner .............. 1350
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
Philadelphia ' House, 421 Bush; 48 rooms;
-. fur. ; gas and water; or take partner; $225.
33-ROOM lodging house; nicely furnished;
sunny corner. 704 Howard st., cor. Third.
FURNITURE of 7-room and bath flat; house
full. 10361$ Folsom st. . "
HOUSES TOJLET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MABKETST.
littfiiafj
$12 50—11 SUNNY rooms, bath: barn; garden;
"chl^en yardf It West Berkeley; railroad ßa-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city I s»™
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call Diag.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers-For genuine bar-
Ic'nWfNHAßTlfWr^^UernV. _t
v _^_^_^__^____________±
FINE 2-story house; sunny ide; 7 rooms.
1088 Union st. ' ■ „
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
! list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ■ ______——
REDUCED to $48: 9- room lodging house; 31314
O'Farrell. Apply 15 CSrant aye. _^^____
LOST iAD FOUND.
LOST— Past Grand Rebekah star pin, with dove
holding an olive branch with small diamond
attached; engraved on back with following:
To L Block, P. N. G. of Rising Star Re-
bekah Lodge No. 8, July 6. '99. Return to 1113
22d st., Oakland, and receive reward. .
LOST— Powell-st. cars, package containing
7 photographs in envelope of JOHN J.
CORDY. Grand Secretary of Foresters. 120
O Farrell st. Kindly return same to above
address.
LOST— Between Oakland' mole and home, pursa
containing money. Return to MRS. SITTON,
4 Clay aye., off Clay St., near Stockton; re-
ward. *
LOST— On Saturday, bunch of keys. Return
to 309 Clay st. ; reward. - .■. __^ ;
LOST— box containing Chinese cabinet;
reward. Return 203 Front st. . . .
LOST— Fawn greyhound bitch. 1152 Oak st.;
reward. *
j LOST— In San Rafael. Sunday evening, a
leather suit case. Finder please leave sama
with C. P. WARE and receive reward. __
LOST— ring, bet. 10th and 14th. on Fol-
som. Return 2529 Harrison; reward,
; — "
MEDICAL.
MRS^~DrT~WYETH, ladies' physicianT^consuN
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st, between
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
■ ■
A STRICTLY private confinement home: sunny
rooms; best of car«; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2781; residence.
1312 Golden Gate aye. . .'
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
1 and 1362 Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 519
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln. * '
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st. ; consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1223
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases- of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
LAW library of 400 volumes; in this city; Cal-
ifornia statutes and well- selected text books;
price $400; must be sold on or before Nov. 1.
Inquire at Call office.
COUNTER and shelfihg, one Enterprise coffee
mill almost new, cheap. HAUB, 787 O'Farrell.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
attachments complete. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
WANT to sell Domestic Sewing Machine;
nearly new; $20. Call 703 Polk st.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc Tha
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St., S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome st., tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives, -
-110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton sr.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog • Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS oants, $2 75: fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, HIS Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc.. for sale
cheap: old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 816 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.; gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
WANTED— rowboat; 14 feet or over.
Box 874, Call office.
i OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery..
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, ' without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and cany the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap« and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor, Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get 'my terms before doing business else-
• where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda 'at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abov*
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000: 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages I -right; advica
and mony furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone .Main 1644-
-branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st!
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages and on
furniture or pianos- no removal; any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st. '
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser: also on diamonds watches and
Jewelry. MQRRELL, 609 ExanUw building.
ALL propositions, small . or large- salaries-
rents. KLOTH, 220 California st room 7. *
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry stork- intr
rates. J. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway,
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortirs. •
any proposition. ; DRYDEN, 4?f Montgomery!
ON furniture, pianos, without removal- no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
M 2 N V?'Vi Oa i ied salarled People on tneir notes
without lndorser^JTOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
"moT m, P 3Perty « mor tgag^dTan~d you need
jnore^ money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
A fash%nd%6 S net n mn K °£ d^
i lam/^ * P month, we ask you to are the
5 a m» » .^ Ppr ° V t thls method; prices are the
in^L.^ Purchased for all cash; bargain.
' n .«?^i» <*e°nd-hand uprights upon same easy
ItE BOm SHInMAr 0 cZ O AV 3 & $4 c a o. d
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
BVoadw\ n y ,oT k Tand?- and thirteenth and
A Th^ JSSW^* *•* "
Steck; nearly new; walnut case.
6 squares, $40 up; $4 per month.
r£l v i bers: reasonable offer accepted.
BE^^Tl^^T^'FarreU «.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A £ °L*:TELY the oldest and largest house !
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
«. 28 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and '
ail other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- ]
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .„,,•.,.
R^'ABE pianos: new scale; new etyleft. KOH-
LER & CHASE* 30 O'FarreU st. ■
DURING this week we offer all kinds of
musical instruments at greatly reduced prices I
to make room for new stock: get our prices i
kjtfor buying. 2ENO MAUVAIS Music Co., i
i 69 Market st.
■*■ BROKER & SON Piano is the one to buy
a first-class article Is desired* For sale
only at MAT' VATS'. 769 Market st
F l N "^ Stel«way upright left by party 4 *aorl»
flce4. Room 12. Flood building*
A "-£* s0 *— UPRIGHT; almost new; $150 casK Ap-
_ ply 2330 Folsom st .
A--sss— UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
_q.e famous B trnttng Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A— CPRJGHTS m up: Installments* 15 75 Up;
Pents, 12 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 E3ll*.
''TO-. BADGER, 412 Sacramento rt., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallott & Davis pianos,
LARGE church organ u*ed at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain* BYRON MAI7.T, SOS Post St.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap, SCHMrre* II
McAUteMir st. next Hibernta Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mau&y and other pianos. SOS i
SVaet st
CHEAP Stelnway ■upright: aJ*«s the famous |
Hotnang Bros.' plnnos. as McAllister Bt,
STTPXRirm violins, el triers, oIA and new. H.
__mT*T maker, r^i->airer. 2 Latham T>la,o».
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET,
STORE, 23d and Gaerre.r<\ 8 rooms ami con-
crete cellar; ttore, SSd, next to corner <5-u«r-
T«eio, flrfure*, 2 rooms and c*Jl«r; store. Ml
»d st- corner Park lane, S room*.
PLACE suitable (or coal yard, bet Uovrard
end Sacramento, Stockton and Fillmore. A.A-
Crag box ,2^6, Can office.
TOR rent — Lartre cement-floored b*»«n«ct*
raltabi* for trine vault Address box 714, Call.
PALMISTRY.
HUE. KIHERCfAARD, pupil of tWnt St G*j>
main. OS O&ary st, above Jones; c]assn;
offloe bowa. 1 to S p. m.; reading by mall. IV
________
I'KhviMiv
TO wtven it may concern — The engagwnast la
marriage between HISS LOTTIE OTT, IS
Clever St., and CHAS. MoCARTHT, 170*
Leavenwx>rtn st , no longer exists.
CHAS. MCCARTHY, 1704 Lravvea worth, st,
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels mad* to
order. ETTiyQER'S, ?23 Market st.
OO to LEPF.KKI. Halrdresslns Parlors; latest
styles, 25>c; hairdressing at residence, $1 SO;
price firessed, With shampoo. Wo; sharapoolng-
shirt hair, 25c; manicur'ac sr-..->. 125 Stookton.
HASSAGB given at rour re?'<2e-nce: 16 years'
experience; rheomatlam saceessfully treated.
Address C J. McLAUOIIIJN, 507 Janes st
CLAIRE .RAND, n-.a.-.i-ure par-
lors, TsS Kexmy Ft, first floe*-, room 2-S.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats. $11 50; made to order;
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market Et. St. Nicholas Hot*!.
JOHN L. BOOMS* I Patent Tradmsrk
Attorney a. Low, and Copyright
X . 4 Sutter «., Lews a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send Cor circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st-, near Market; 109 rooms;
23c to iX 50 per night; Jl 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus ani baggage to and from the ferry.
"WORKS of art worth $ICO,OW on exhibition at
Palace of Art, 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from S:3O v. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE. ■
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est CuT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
MR?- BENNETT. 1165 Mission— cure 6
days; no knife, no caustics: references.
MRS. FONTAINE'S manicure parlor?; open
from 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. 326 A Ellis st
ALL gents wlshin? to marry wealthy send 10c
for latest lift. MRS. HERTZ.', 70S Ellis st
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, (trow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st
DR. C- A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
mmed practice. Office, 317 Powell st
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old fccld; send t or him. 108 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods bought
sold, exchanfed. ."25 Dupont st, nr. Cal.
MRS.L.J.'WHfiELOCK has removed La Verlte
Parl<rrs to 1140 Market: phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JKNSF.N & BATH. SOS Sixth st
INCRUSTATION— Sw invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Banaome st
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no frio-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to IU E.'.dy st
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: r.1»o remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off doth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN, 137 Third st
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no lenife; no injec- j
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Plne.ab.Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market Ft., bet 7th and Sth.
"WANTED — Old gold for manufa'ng-. O. Nolta,
Jp-wrler. $48 OTarrell bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders oar specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
iOtlM Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Hi: M. ESTATE CITY — FOB SALE.
haston; kldhidge & co.
NEW AND MODERN
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3,oo9— Pine et., near Scott; ' 2 elegant flats, (I
and 7 rooms and bath: every modern
Improvement; rents $C 1 50; lot 23x187:6.
Clayton Ft., near Fell; 2 fiats, 5 and i
6 rooms and bath; rents $46; lot 23x106. !
$8,100 — st, near Devlsadero; 2 flats, 5 and ]
$ rooms and bath; rents $47 50; lot 25x j
■ 77:6.
— Golden Gate aye.. near Lyon St. ; 2 flats.
5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $35;
lot 25x100; all modern improvements.
NINTH AND MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3«^>o0 — Ninth st, few feet from Market; old
improvements; ground worth 25 p-r
cent more than price asked; lot 50x100.
O'FARRELL-6T. INVESTMENT.
$10,009— 0n O'Farrell St., near Hyde; lot 25x
157:8; front flats and rear building-; -
rents $74 SO.
MISSION FLATS.
$B,*oo— Mission and Twenty-fourth sta.;
4 nloe flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
lot 22:6x115 to rear street; rents $52.
FILLMORE-BT. INVESTMENT.
$8,600—2 flats of 5 rooms and bath; business
portion, near Sacramento; if raised and
store put under would pay big; lot ■
25x30.
VALLEJO-ST. RESpBNCm
$«,*»— Vallejo st.. few feet from Van Ness !
aye.; lot 25x137:8; 8 rooms and bath;
modern; good condition. ;*'.-'- "'. '•
NORTHEAST CORNER.
$4.ooo— Close to Park Panhandle; lot 60x114; !
make offer.
PRETTY HOMB.
$2,900— 0n Twenty-fourth st, near Noe; lot '
25x114; new 6 rooms and bath; cottage,
nearly finished; porcelain tubs; tile '■
mantels; gas; grates; every modern Im-
provement
FELL- ST. LOT.
$3,soo— North side, near Devlsadero st.; lot
25x137:6; make offer.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$2,ooo— Near Fourth and Welch «U.; front '>
house, 3 tenements; rear house. 2 tene-
ments; rents $26 50; lot 20xS0 feet.
MUST BE SOLD.
Reduced from $6500; $2000 cash, balance
$4000 on mortgage. C per cent; at a j
transfer point; large elegant, rooming
house of 30 eunny rooms; cost $3000 to I
build; large lot 4S:6xlO0; will pay $200 \
per month.
We hold our regular ' auction sales ;
every two weeks.- For further particu- I
lars apply to ;
EABTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.,
638 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
w?st of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery. St.
VAN NESS aye.: $110 front foot; ist. bltumln- i
Ued and sewered. Apply 2740 Van New aye. j
REAL ESTATE— — FOR SALE.
1900 and"
UPWARDS,
On very easy payments; choice lota In the I lock
recently subdivided, bounded by H and I sts..
Eighteenth, and Nineteenth ayes., right on the
Park and the new Nlneteenth-avov boulevard; a
number of lot* already sold; balance bound to
sell quickly; fine Investments; pood building |
lots; all ready; lots graded; streets graded,
macadamized; water pipes laid*
PRICES $500 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS*
Electric cars pass the property; See this
block at once* Go to our branch office to-day,
corner H st, and Ninth aye* Price lists, etc.,
there or at our «f flee*
BALDWIN A HOWBLL,
,'.r.l.'i; • 10 Montgomery Ft,
BALDWIN A HO WELL,
' 10 Montgomery st
A PICK-UP* ONLY $300 CASK REQUIRED*
$23<KV- Worth $4000. i extra large lots on Ash-
bury st, new Frederick; else :-aim. bank mort-
gage of $COOB can remain; electric tare pass* the
prof>ertj-,
MUST BE SOLD*
$7750— Clay ,«t** near Pierce, faclnjr Atta Plara;
2-story an« 2 basement house, containing S room*
and bath: lot 25x100* .v : ;r
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS*
»5500— May be less; 2 bay-window flat*, near
California M. ; a fine central locution.
DOUGLASS ST., BKT. WTO AND 51ST,
New house of * rooma and bath; lot 5*1x125;
only nm.
$3400- K*nta $32; Twenty- third «t., near San-
chez; 1-h SVxSft, with i flats of 6 and i rooms,
bath, etc.
FORCED SALE.
Diamond st., near Eisrhte<»nth: T rooms and
bath; lot K^rat; *iW*): \rarra belt,
FORECLOSURE SALE— FINE MODERN
FkATS*
$4300— OcvlOen Gate aye.. near I*ak«r St.;
splendid building: cost over |M 0; everything
up to date: a Kiv-at barirain; rent* W-V
$.MR>— A bargain; nrorfertcK st., near Sutter;
lot BOkM, with a 1-story r*»U^»c« of 10 rooaa
and bath, etc*; ais* *«oa stable; lot UOM worth
the money. ; .■/. _i
$5350— Rent 555; nfar the corner of Howard j
and Seventh *ts*; S flats of S. 4 nud .'> rooms,
Fourth av<e*, near X*k« Iti l-t=tory cot-
ta#« oC < ixxhsm, bath and ba*e»ent; lot ISxirj.
A PICK-tIP.
t4OOO-How*rd at., neor Fifteenth; 5 Bat*. 6
larre rooms and bath; lot ttUX; rents $SS;
mort«ia«« $3300 In bank.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$4^>-jracJcson at, near Mason; S flats; also
a 2-story house o' 1* rooms; lot has 46 feet
Iron tag* ; rents $52,
$52.% only-— Sev-enth-st corner, near Folsom;
lot SSxSO; lease pays S per cent.
BALDWIN 4- HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st
BARGAINS
. IN REAL ESTATE.
$17. 000— Rent $150; extra large lot, over 50
feet front, on Montgomery st; improvements,
J-story brick building, containing 2 stores and
lodging-house above; bank mortgage $13,000. •
$10*(XKV-R«mu $100; Natoma St., near Second;
extra, larye lot, facing on I streets; improve-
ments, frame building used as a factory. ■
AN ARTISTIC HOMB.
$5130— st., near Jacteson; new 2-story
and bas«nftnt residence, containing 7 rooms.
bath, etc; lot BxOl feet
$35500.v-Usst part of Valencia st; rent $108
per month; large lot. 6£xSO Mat. with splendid
iJnj>rov*jr«nts. consisting of stores and flats.
HANDSOME "UP-TO-DATE" FLATS.
jSTSO — Rent SST<; 3 new flats, fronting the Parts
Panhandle; lot 26xlST;6; all rented; a line In-
vestment
$19,500— Pays 7 per cent net; & splendid In-
Testm«?nt; Golden Gate avo.: comer of promi-
nent ftree-t; large lot 40xM feet; Improvements
consist ■'. flats and 2 stores; rent *157 50.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$tS.*yXV— Choice piece of business property
north of Market st and within 4 blocks of Pow-
ell and Eddy; Improvements consist of stores ■
and lodglr.g-ho-use above of 25 rooms: rent JISS-
-$3OO CASH. BALANCE MONTHLY, SAME
AS RENT.
$2250— Eureka, st., near Nineteenth: new cot-
tage of 5 rooms: porcelain bath; up to date In j
every respect; close to Castro and Guerrero st
car lines.
Sena for our printed "Price List of Real Es-
tate for Sale," published monthly.
BALDWIN & HOWELti,
10 Montgomery st.
C. S. capp & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS,
NO. 630 MARKET STREET,
Offer for Sale:
FINE LOT, sunny side McAllister Ft., be-
tween Fillmore and* Bteiner; 10x137:6; suitable :
for residence and garden; good neighborhood; i
cars handy ; cheap.
MISSION, W Bide; bet 17th and ISth sts.; 2- ,
story bay window house; 8 rooms and bath; !
already business property.
FOURTEENTH st. between Mission and 1
Hov.-ard; old established grocery with rooma
and flat above; cheap.
LYON. bet. Bush and Pine; fine one-story
residence: 7 rooms and bath. .';.-•:
EIGHTH aye., bet Point Loboa and Clem-
ent: cars to park and Cliff House pass.
GUERRERO Ft., within one block and a half
from Market st: lot 45x76; good place for flats. ]
CORNER LOT facing the park; Fortieth
aye. and H; cars pass.
TWENTY CHEAP bay -window cottages at
the Mission.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4*00; RENT $540 A YEAR
$1000 CASH. BAL. MONTHLY ......
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR pale— Business property on Howard st,
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. See
Bew Drug Company. Alameda.
$ISOO— SI4 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement. I
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:2 by 114 feet.
Partirulars 409 Thirtieth st .
HEAL ESTATE COCSTIIY For Sale j
FOR sale— acres of grazing or dairying land f
in southern part of Humboldt County,. Cal.: :
large outside pasture; good climate; plenty of '
wood and water; long time if desired. MAR-
TIN R. JAGER, 110 Taylor st
I TO lease Contra Ccsta County, on San Pablo \
Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley, 1160 acres; well
watered, wooded; 150 acres Rood grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park. .
20 ACRES; produced 9 tons of dried fruit and
30 tons of hay this season: good house and
other buildings. T. A. BELL, room 512, Ex-
aminer building.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvKKI'IXG.
BUSH, 252ft— 2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping; adults only. ■•
CALIFORNIA, 2523— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, all modern conveniences, bath, I gas,
', complete for housekeeping;, also sunny rooms
for gentleman; a quiet comfortable home.
CHESTNUT. 293—2 or. more furnished rooms
for housekeeping: cheap; fine house: cor, bldg.
CLAY. 24a. In rear. : near Fillmore— um'ur-
nished upper rooms; water: rant $7.
ELLIS. 322— Modern housekeeping apartments;
newly furnished; 2, 3 or 4 rooms. ::
FIFTH, 253— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FIFTH, 348 — Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; complete; rent cheap.
, FOURTH, 225— Furnished room for light house-
keeping; also single.
i FULTON, 218— Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 to 6 rooms.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice large fur-
nished rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN, — Clean sunny housekeeping' apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month; central.
MARTHA — Two well furnished sunny
room's; complete for housekeeping: yard.
MCALLISTER, Nice sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; repp, family; price $15.
MISSION, 561, near Second— Furnished house-
keeping rooms; also single; cheap.
NINTH. 119— Beautiful sunny rms.; nicely fur-
nished ; $1 2. $5 week: also housek'p; phone.
PERRY, 174— Large front room; kitchen com-
plete; hot and cold water; Including bath.
POLK, — Two connecting furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also bedroom; cheap.
POST, 2607— 3 rooms: furnished for housekeep-
ing; modern improvements: $12 50.
STOCKTON, 603 — Nice gunny rooms, single or
double; furnished or unfurnished; also house-
keeping.
BUTTER. Sunny bay-window room . for
housekeeping; reasonable. ■ "
THIRD, 143 (Dolan House)— Sunny front rooms;
complete for • housekeeping.
THIRD, Housekeeping rooms, $1 75 and $2
a week."
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »te. Open till 9 p. m. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenclft Bt. * ■■"'■-.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I nfnrn,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky nt«. Open till 9 p. m. ::,< :
AN up-to-dato new Ore-proof building — "San
Antonio"; opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water: niMiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNKWICK HOUBE, 1« Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor : sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 60c to $150 flay, MRS. J. KINO.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished, ,
THE SAN FEAM CISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and talnrn.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished Funny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up', elevator day and night.
EDDY. 209— Newly furnished large sunny front
room; with German family.
EDDY, 210—2 parlors, 1 single room; neatly
furnished. ' -
FIFTH, 119, second Neatly furnished bay-
window 'rooms, $1 E0 up. - ' ■ * _
GEAHY. 403 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms: tea accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, RS6— Elegant sunny suite rooms for
housekeeping, plario, phone ; other sunny rooms.
GOLDEN QATK me., 1523 — 3 unfurnished
rooms, pantry, bath ; $13. '
ORANI* SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en ■ suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 761 Mission— family
rccmlng POUJfc; 31 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. TS4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
aiah«4 sunny rooms;- bath; all latest Itn-
prcivements: $1 <.v«k up.
HOWARD, 71. J00 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD, 2625— 2 nicely furnished rooma. with
bath and jtns; reasonable; reference.
HUGHES House, 114 Third— Newly renovated;
Ke to tOo per night ; $1 60 to $3 per week.
HYDE, Comfortably furnished rooms; quiet
and homelike; light housekeeping permitted.
JESSIE. 3:SH— Nicely furnlsned rms.; modern
conveniences; must be seen to be appreciated.
KEAKNY. 230— Single sunny front suits and
housekeeping rooms; also offices.
LAUKTN, Nicely furnished bay window
keeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LOCUST aye., I?", nr. Van Ness aye. and Mc-
Allister St.— Furnished front room; $1 per wit,
MARKET, 1037%. "Epworth"— Large front and
small room; also kitchen; ladles' and gents'
parlors; heated; $5 up. ■
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished front
rooms: quiet and homelike; gents preferred.
MCALLISTER, Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MCALLISTER, Large nicely furnished
rot m: large closet; hot, cold water; gas;
rent $6.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— furnished
buy- window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market Nicely
furnished, 35c day up; $3 -week up; transient.
NINTH, 72— Nicely furnished sunny single front
room; private family; $6 month.
O'FARRELL. 504— Nicely furnished rooms; rea-
sonable; must be seen to be appreciated.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor, rooms, per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $S: month, $S to $30; elevator on
Office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished. I
THE Oaky. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men, $1 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- |
lencla «t.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$3 MONTHLY. ■ rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing: at lowest - rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
NICE private home In confinement; most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 413 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
'iff-", 401 Post, cor. Powell: t»l. Main 5713.
BWAPB-816 AND tITTLK.
WANTED— To exchange camera complete for
. bicycle; will pay cash to boot or opera glass.
H. BAIN. MM Twentieth st. ' "■■
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— LOT Eoxlso, with large cottage of 8
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be Bold at once;
worth $4000.
$2Soo— Lot 40x150, on Morton St., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace 525 per month.
• $3350— Lot 40x150; Morton St., near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alameda. i
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE 6 rooms; bath; rent $15. 2113 Clem-
ent aye. .
ALAMEOA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; largo
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKB, 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms; largo
lot; on the sunny side of street; only 6 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postofflce,
Berkeley. -
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house, ■ and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PRUITVAL.E REAL - jTATB.
$200 CASH, $11 20 monthly, will buy a lovely
home; modern house of 9 rooms, bath, pantry,
closets, sanitary plumbing; large lot; best
neighborhood; lovely surroundings; cars pass
the door; sewered, street work all done; city
. water; climate the best; price, all told. $2000;
let us show you this home; will consider ex-
change. H. Z. JONES, owner, 455 Seventh
St.. near cor. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS— SI2S; lots In Frultvale and San
Leandro Road Tract, near Frultvale Station,
electric cars, schools; homes built; easy
terms; title perfect; 'nothing, like them. - H.
B. PINNEY, Agent, room 9, 905 Broadway,
Oakland. - .
FOR — New house of 9 rooms on Frultvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; : lot 98x
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call. .-
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 589
24»h. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Phellhaas, the
furniture dealer, lltli and Franklin. Oakland.
■■;■-■ ■ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO the shareholders of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association. In the last regular
meeting of the above association a dividend
was declared of 35 cents per share, payable i
on the 27th of this month at 8 o'clock p.: in.
in Red Men* Hall, 510 Bush st '■■' v ~
H. GRIEB. President.
; B. A. SAMMANN, Secretary. . ■-..
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No.- 98 (600 per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office >of the
company, 827 Market st", on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, 1898. Transfer,
books. will close on THURSDAY,- October ,38. *
IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary,
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court' of the city . and county
of San Francisco, State of California.- In 1 the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby plven that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of th» laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed' to the Supe-
rior Court of the city ana county of , San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13. 1899, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court,
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of naid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899. I
WM. A. DEANE. 'Clerk. •
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk,
[Seal.] .■■-..
PROPOSALS. ~~~~
UNIVERSITY QF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY. „ ■. ; .'.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds,
Berkeley, Cal., and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for: and said bids or proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University, in South Hall,
Berkeley, Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
of the 6tb day of November. 1899.
And notice is hereby further given that the
plans and specifications of said buildings have
been made and adopted and are placed- in the
office of Curlett & McCaw, architects, 314
Phelan building, San Francisco, where the
tame may be seen and examined during each
day, from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until day of '
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum
of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid or
proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
in accordance with said proposal, and plan
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids is
hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant. to an act, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California," approved March 25, 1868, and an
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3, 1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
E. A. DENICKE, Chairman.
"W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated October 24, 1899. ' ■ ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William Hentzler and Hope Sllvey 36—36
H. G. Hahmann and Elizabeth Saunders..3B— 36
Nicolo Moreci and Angelina Piazzi 28—18
Chas. O. Steinweg and Helen P. Meissner.3i—
F. B. Frank and Mollie Bassetty 26—26
Joseph Fisher and Mary F. Sqhlagl. 29—23
Carl B. Clark and Ruperta Vega 31—24
Edward J. Deasy and Margaret L. Cassldy23— 22
Thos. J. McMannis and Retena H. Owens. 27— 26
Hippolyte Revel and Angela Fabre 38—28
Herbert J. Hunt and Rosle Gagen 25—23
James Gibson and Annie E. Zimmers 31 —
Peter A. Murray and Louise Gibbons .25—20
G. E. Kammerer and Helen I. Muggarrleta2C— 22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLLIGAN— this city, September X, 1899,
to the wife of William B. Colllgan, a son.
CULIN— this city. October 24, 1899, to the
wife of Edward L. Culln, a son. :>-' >.
HARRIGAN— In this city. October 20, 1899, to
the wife of D. C. Harrlgan, a son.
HINKLE— In this city. October 2, 1399, to the
wife of Captain C. E. Hinkle, a «on.
UPPHOFF— In this city, October 15, 1899, to the
wife of John E. Upphoff, ■ a son.
DIED.
Goss, German A. Murphy, Jeremiah
Hogan (infant) Mylo. Daniel
Howell, Leverett Peggs, John T.
. Jeune, George C. Satchwcll, John '
Lacey. Alice M. J. , Tallant, Nathaniel W
Lee, Howard O. i . Tasker, Augusta ■
McGea. James . Wilkinson. William
GOSS— In this city, October 23, 1899, German A.
Goss, a native of Mexico, aged 40 years 4
months and 14 days.
tC^Funeral services this day (Wednesday),
at t o'clock, from Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524
Stockton street.
HOGAN— In this city, October 24, 1899, Infant
son of Thomas da Vere and Sadie M. Hogan,
a native of San Francisco.
HOWELL— In this city, October 22, 1899, at the
residence of Mrs. C. A. Fisher, Leverett
Howell, Past Commander of Lincoln Post Ho.
1, G. A. R., a native of New Haven, Conn.,
aired 71 years 7 months and 1 day. ;
ICTFVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JEUNE— In Oakland, October 24, 1899, George
C. Jeune. son of J. Jeune, a native of New
York, aged 38 years 4 months and 16 days.
LACEY— In this city, October 24, 1899, Alice M.
J., dearly beloved wife of Charles H. Lacey,
and mother of Maud, Frank, Ethel and Les-
lie Lacey, and daughter of the late Sarah and
' Joseph Walker, and sister of Henry and Al-
bert Walker, a native of Melbourne, Austra-
lia, aged 40 years 3 months and 3 days.-
LEE— In this city, October 24, 1599, Howard
('lark, beloved eon of John and Lillie Lee, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months
and 16 days. — .
McGEE— In Berkeley. October 24, 1899, James,
beloved husband of the late Catherine McGee,
and father of Mary A. and Katie M. MoGee,
a native of County Lou th, Ireland, aged 75
years and 1 month.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 27, at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Dwlght way and McGee avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repoee of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
MURPHY— In this city, October 23, 1899, Jere-
miah, dearly beloved brother of Nellie Mur-
phy and Mrs. Joseph Murphy, and brother-ma-
w of Officer J. F. Murphy, a native of Ma-
croom. County Cork, Ireland, aged 28 years
and 6 months. (Boston papers please copy.)
(□rFrlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurdsay), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Joseph F. Murphy,
1312 Fillmore street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where ■ a solemn requiem . mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COOPER Council No. 310, Y. M. I.— Officers
and members are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral of our, late brother, J. M.
Murphy, to-morrow (Thursday), October 26,
from 1812 Fillmore street. ,
M. J. NEUBAUER, President.
L. T. BROWN, Secretary.
MYLO— this city. October 23, 1899, Daniel.
beloved husband of the late Lydia Mylo, and
brother-in-law of Jennie O'Connor, a native
of Ireland, aged 42 years.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:3u o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 232 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock.. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEGGS— In Salinas, October 22. 1899, John T.,
eon of the late James and Catherine Peggs,
and brother of James Peggs and Mrs. E.
Guenley, a native of San Francisco, = aged 27
years 5 months and 19 days.
i (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the , funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. E. Guenley,. 1168 Four-
teenth street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, where services will •be held for ■ the
repose of his soul, commencing at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SATCHWELL— this city, October 22, 1899,
John, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Satchwell, a native of England, aged 69 years
1 month and 2*5 days. A , member of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M., and Veteran
Volunteer Firemen -Association. . ■
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to j attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o clock, from the rtsldtncs
of his Blster-in-law, Mrs. Mary McCollough,
66 Webster street between Hermann and
Waller, thence to the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, where services
will be held, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M., commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. -
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Volun-
teer Firemen's Association will please assem-
ble at headquarters, 24 Fourth street, this day
(Wednesday,' at 1 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, John Satchwell.
By order STEPHEN BUNNER. Pre*. .-
TALLANT— In Astoria, Or., October : 21. 1899,
Nathaniel W. Tallant, brother of E. W. Tal-
lant of Astoria, Or., and Mrs. 8. F. Smith of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
. (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
- SO Fifth st., ' opposite Lincoln School. .
;...--.. - Telephone South B<fc .,/;,. . c
MoAVOY at co,, c 8
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EiIBALMERS. 1
. 1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. ■:" I
■ Telephone South 247. - ■ |
Pan Francisco, a native of Nantucket, Mass., I
aged 67 years 9 months and 26 days.
Cs"Friends and acquaintances desiring to
attend the funeral are invited to assemble at
Valencia-street station, S. P. R. R., this day
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, to take the spe- j
cial funeral car El Descanso for Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, where services will be held
In the chapel.
TASKER-In this city. October 23. 1*99. Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Dennis Tasker, sister j
of Mrs. C. J. Burgess and Eugene W. Bur-
ris, find aunt of Mrs. Ida Anderson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 44 years.
C?"Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WILKINSON-In this city. October 19. 1599, at
St. Mary's Hospital, William Wilkinson, a
native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Abbie Smith to Silas A. White, lot on W
line of Larkln street, 127:6 N of Green, N 7:6
by W 137:6; $10.
Tallant Banking Company to Mary S.
Halght, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 7a
N of Green street, N 25 by E 125; $1.
Mary S. and George W. Haight to Calvin H.
Knickerbocker, same; $10.
William P. Buckingham to Cassandra S.
Buckingham, lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 137:6 W of Octavia, W 55 by S 182:6;
gift.
Lily J. Cory to Dora Coleman, lot on W line
of Steiner street, 25 S of EUlis, S 25 by W 90;
$10.
Kathrlna Fauss (executrix of estate nf Otto
Faus.=) to W. A. Watson, lot on SE corner of
Halght and Scott streets, S 71 by E 68:9; $23,000.
Mutual Savings Fund Loan and Building
Associaion to Robert J. Mercer, lot on W line
of Scott street, 151 N of Page, M 24:9 by W
106:3; $10.
Abraham Ruef to Robert Cranston, lot on
W line of Shrader, 110 S of Page, S 27:6 by W
110; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Sarah
West, lot 23, block 23, Marion Tract (hospital
lot); $10.
Jennie, Margaret, James and Francis S. Ged
des to Charles Wlllmott, lot on N line of Fran
oisco street 91:8 W of Powell, W 45:10 by N
60; $25.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to same, same;
$360.
Charles and Mary Willmott to Lulgi Merlo,
same ; $2750.
• John F. and Johanna Fugazi to X. Chigliazza
and G. B. Pisano. lot on W line of Mason
street. 20 N of Union, N 20 by W 60: $10.
Hugh McCallum to David Roberts McCal
lum, lot on W line of Kentucky street, 330 S
of Sierra, W 100, N 30. W 1:98%, NW 9:5\4. S
85:8 Vi, SE 143:6, N 37:6, SE 50, N 25:9%. N 98:5V4;
also lot on SE corner of Marlposa and Texas
streets, S 125. E 100, S 2">, E 100, N 150, W 200;
also lot on W line of of Texas street, 60 N of
Solano, N 125 by W 100; also undivided half in
terest in lot 14, block 159. lot 15, block 1030,
lot 15, block 363, South San Francisco Home
stead; $10.
Celsus and Ida E. Brower to Bertha F. Smith,
lot on SW line of California street. South ana
First avenues, S 25 by W 115; $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(a corporation sole) to E. F. Maguire, lot on
SW line of Francis street, 425 NW of Mission,
NW 25 by SW 150, Academy Tract; $400.
Eliza Peterson to J. Noonan Loan Company,
lot on E line of Mtnot (Lyons) street. 150 N of
Lincoln (or Elaine), N 25 by E 70, lot 232, gift
map 1; $10.
Estate of George T. Davis (by A. B. Davis,
administrator) to Edward B. Swales, lot on E
line of Ashbury (Park Lane) street. 50 N of
E.ghteenth, N 50 by E 95, lots 32 and 33, block
F, Park Lane Tract No. 4; $2105.
Alameda County.
Edward and Charlotte P. Lane to Annie M.
Pplars. lots 5 and 6, block A, Daly Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $400.
Fred and Llliie Prussmann to M. L. Thomp
son, lots 9 and 10, block 10, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $650.
Lone Tree Cemetery (by trustees) to Mary J.
Heselmyer, plat 10 in section 7 of said ceme
tery. Eden Township: $20.
Ida and H. S. Kribbs to Sarah O. Robinson,
lot on SW line of Kast Nineteenth street, 400
XW of Twenty-third avenue, NW 34 by SW
150, portion lot 1, block B, subdivision 50, Asso
ciates' Tract, East Oakland; $2350.
James N. and Anna M. Kilerore to Titus
Hale, lot on NW line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 310:K NE of East Sixteenth street, NE
35 by NW 150, East Oakland; 13360.
Marguerite Marchand to Ferdinand Schloh.
lots 28 and 2y, block 56, Tract B, Berkerley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $500.
Louis L. Kraehmer to Louis Hubbard. sub
divisions 1. ?, 20 and 21, in lot 6, block 23,
Daley's Scenic/* Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Calvin and Alice O. Esterly to E. G. and
Laura A. Hush, tot on W line of Chapel street,
f.5 N of Bancroft way, N 55 by W 60. portion
of lot 4. block 5, Map of Villa Lots adjoining
the university site on the south, Berkeley; 14500.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees of
T. C. Stoddard) to San Francisco Savings
Union. 556 d 823, lot on N line of Eagle avenue,
84 E of Willow street, E 42 by N 150, block 16,
lands adjacent to Encinai, Alameda, trustee's
deed; $2000.
Same (trustees of William A. talker) to
same, 557 d 457, lot on S line of Clement or At
lantic avenue, 30 E of Willow street, E 30 by
S lr.o, block 16, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
trustee's deed. Alameda; $1700.
Andrew and Jane C. Jone« to D. G. Bell,
lota 6 and 7, block 1, Map of Berthier'g Addi
tion to Jones Tract, being a subdivision of lots
2 and 18. Peralta Tract, Brooklyn Township;
grant.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H J Ooßsttt & w, Reno E Fisher, Wahoo
Miss G Ward, Reno J Judge & w, Carson
R Pico, L Ang C B Stone. Arcata
Mrs C J Geddings, Cal C Conrad. Sacto
J J Miley, Mlley R Stenson, Cal
M L Ferguson, L Ang B O Parlow. Cal
J Brosnahan, Wash ,W B Wilson. lowa
Mrs T Jones. Cal Mrs E D Sharp, Cal
Miss H Jones, Cal Miss L Denny. Etna
Miss S J Horn, Cal IH Davis Stkn
P T Hahman & w, CaliH C Davis N V
H G Hahman. Cal ,F A I'rmsnn, Sacto
W Hollingberry &w,CaI;A J Gilbert & w, Stkn
N C Brigga Jr, Cal IG T Dunlap & w Cal
G M Foote, HoillstenE C King, S Jose
B L McCoy, Oroville iF Mattlaon & d, S C
O A Lowe & w. Cal iR L Cring, L Ang
T D Hurd &w, Cal !W P Thomas Uklah
T Hawkins, w & d, CaiiW S Coffin, Ukiah
H Kind. Eureka iW J Barret, L Ang
W 8 Little. Boston, W James <fr w, Vlsalla
A P Schwarj;. Chic |W Wilson &w. Fowler
S Harkinson & w. Cal.G Harris gt w. Cal
G X Rider & w. Sacto I W F Beck. N V
W Wright & w, Stkn M Huron A w, Ireland
T Connolly & w. Stkn,S P Dorsey, G Valley
Mrs Zartman, Cal IL E Love & w. Pa
J A Ames, Wls iMr Jerome A w, Cal
H Block. Boston '
PAIaACE HOTEL.
Mlsb D L Sterne, Mo|J E Ryan. Portland
W H Barnhart, Oregon W Bordwell, L Ang
W L Wilson. U 8 N X> Drysdale & son Cal
G H Hirschfeld, Ariz J B Frisbie. Mexico
S W Miller. USA i L C Frisbie, Mexico
T Grindell, Arizona IN Searlep Berkeley
J "vV Willarfl, Boston ie G Yale. Belvedere
T J Field. Monterey jMrs C G Yale, Cai
B T Hukness. Phlla Dr vnn Wedelstaldt,
L J Cively. Morrison Pan Mateo
C P Broslan. S Jose 8 F Graham, S Jose
W Young, Seattle |H Doyle. B C
C Dobblestein. Cal |W R Woodward, L A
H Senfert, Cal Miss P Woodward. L A
D W Brlggs. Mich W Martin, Cal
G L Folrestall. Boston D Levy, N V
Mrs G L Folrestall, J F Douglass, N T
Boston F Lassetter, England
J D O'Reilly. Chgo A B Lassetter, Englnd
J W Hutt Jr. N V J C Kemp Van Ec, Cal
L N Shaw, NY P L Shuman, Chgo
J E Frith NY J W Robertson. U S N
A W Brown, NY B M Hartshorne, U SA
C A Canfleld, Cal O Schinne, Yokohama
J M C Marble. L Ang Dr F L Savage. Cal
G E Goodman, Napa Mrs F L Savage. Cal
Mrs O E Goodman, Cal P O Mohun. U S N
W A Junker, Monterey II P Nye, S Diego
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Cavell. Pinole jA L Parker, London
J Robinson, Yreka G Renwick & w, Cal
J A Hooper, Cal P Kreutz & w, Wis
E J Elliot. Saoto W L Wheeler, Cal
J W Dunbar, Cal |F Salter & w, Halifax
C Blohm, Los Ang j G W Allen, Fresno
J Theil, San Diego JD B Bock, Kansas
E Blohm, San Diego |V F Hook. Sonora
D Christenson, Cal F P Powell, San Diego
C L Robinson, Seattle
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Pag-e Eight.
Steamer Mwements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. J From. ] Due.
Empire ......... Coos Bay ..Oct. 25
Newburg........ Grays Harbor :.. Oct. 25
Orizaba f. Newport....; Oct. 25
Alliance ........ Portland Oct. 25
Mackinaw .. — Tacoma.......... Oct. 25
Robt. Adamson. Nanaimo.. ..i.. ...... Oct. 25
Miami .......... [Seattle Oct. 25
Point Arena Point Arena Oct. 26
Aberdeen ....... Portland....... Oct. 26
Columbia ...... Portland.... Oct. 27
Santa Rosa..... San Diego................. Oct. 27
Wellington ..... (Departure Bay Oct. 27
Weeott: ....:..'.. Humboldt.. ..v.... Oct. 27
Bertha .......... St. Michael............... Oct. 28
Curacao ........ Mexico....;............... Oct. 38
Portland ....... «£t. Michael.. Oct. 28
Coca Bay.......; Newport..".'....".'.;..;...... Oct. 23
Pomona ........ Humboldt..:.............. Oct. 29
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 23
Progreso ......:. ISeattle Oct. 29
Samoa .......... Humboldt................. Oct. 29
Acapulco Panama.'....;............. Oct. 30
Flintshire Yokohama..... Oct. SO
Areata' .:;...:.. Coos Bay...".......'........; Oct. 30
Corona San Diego................. Oct. 31
Crescent City... Crescent City..:;......... Oct. 31
China ........... China and Japan [Oct. 81
I'oiiullle , River.. [Grays Harbor Oct. 31
Homer .......;:. St. Michael Nov.: l
Albion*.......... Cape Nome.;............. (Nov. 1
Aloha Cape Nome.;...... :. [Nov. 1
State of Cal... | Portland........... [Nov. 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Corona ..... San Diego Oct. 26. 11 am Pier 11
State of Portland. Oct. 25. 10 am Pier 24
! Areata Coos Bay Oct. 25, 10 am Pier 13
Lueiia ...... Humboldt..... Oct. 25, 10 am Tier 2
S^'-.oa ....... Humboldt Oct. 25. 10 am Pier 2
1 uioaa .... Humboldt..... Oct. 26, 2pm, Pier S
Orizaba Newport.. .....iOct. 27. 9 am Pier 11
Alliance .... Oregon Porte. Oct. 27. 10 am Pier 20
Newburg ...[Grays Harbor Oct. 27, 5 pm! .; — ..
San Pedro:. !Humboldt (Oct. 27, 10 am Pier 2
Peru ; Panama....... Oct. 28. 12 m PMSS
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Oct. 2S, 10 am Pier 9
Point Arena Point Arena.. (Oct. 2S, 2 pm Pier 2
Weeott Humboldt..... Oct. 28, 2 pm Pier 13
j Santa Rosa. San Diego Oct. 29. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ... Portland...... Oct. 30, 10 am Pier 24
j Coos Bay.... Newport w Oct. 31, 9 am Pier 11
H'k'g Maru. china &Japan Nov. 1, 1pm PMSS
I Moana ...... Sydney ..Nov. 1, 2 Pier 7
Weeott ..... Humboldt Nov. 2, 9 am Pier 13
Queen. Vic & Pgt Sd. (Nov. 2. 10 am Pier 9
Shipping Intelligence,
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 24. 1
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg. 48 hours from San ,
Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. 63 hours from Vie- j
toria and PuRPt Pound ports.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 34 hours from j
Creseant City.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, 6« hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, 5 days and 4 l £
hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 80 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, — hours from Coos
Bay.
Ship Columbia, Nelson. 13 days from Tacoma.
Br ship William Tillle, Grigor, 76 days from
Newcastle, Australia.
Bark Annie Johnson, U days from Honolulu.
Br bark Auldgirth, McConnell, C 2 days from
Iquique.
Hktn S. G. Wilder, Jackson, 11 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Gleaner, Peek, 11 days from Grays Har
bor.
Bktn Omega, Harrington, 16 days from Hono
lulu.
Brig Consuelo, Page, 17 days from Mahukona.
Schr Gem. Nel3on. 10 days from Coos Hay.
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelsen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 6 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Five Brothers, Oppenheimer, 19 hours
from Bihl'Ts Point.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, 32 days
from Washington Island.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. 24 hours from Caspar.
Schr Ran Buenaventura, Lankilde, 10 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Sadie, Lane, 25 days from Kodlak.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. October 24.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria.
Schr Bessie X., Nielsen, Clippertnn Islands.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 24.
fitmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Greenwood, Faserlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Clenne, Walvig, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Wepott. Burtls, Eureka.
Bktn Tarn O'Shanter, Patterson, Columbina
River.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong.
Schr Alice Klmbal], Madsen, Mendocino.
Echr Beavie X.. Nielsen, Clipperton Islands.
Schr Philippine, Larsen, P.ort Townsend.
Schr Nettle Low, Low. "Point Reyes.
Schr Orient, Sanders, Willapn. Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 24—10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind, northwest; velocity, 20 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
October Id — Latitude 50 north, longitude 19
west — Br ship L«vernbank, from Tacoma, for
Liverpool.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Get 24— Br bark Lakemba, pre
viously reported in collision, put back to Flush- j
ing. Rigging damaged.
SEATTLE, Oct. 24— Schr Hera arrived here
and reports two men died on voyage down.
Vessel short of water and provisions. She also
had on board 200 persons, some of whom are
half crazy from starvation and lack of water
and provisions.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Get ZK— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka. Sailed— Stmr Ban Pedro,
for ; brlfr Courtney Ford, for Port Gamble.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 23— Schr Charles
Hanson, hence Oct 7.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 24— Br ship Comliebank,
for Queeneto-wn ; Br ship Amphltrite, for U. X. ;
schr W. F. .lewett, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oot 24— Ship
Oriental, hence Sept 23.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 23— Ship America,
hence Oct 8.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 23— Schr Ethel
Zane, from Santa Barbara.
PORT BLAKELEY -Arrived Oet 23— Bark
Topgallant, hence Oct 1. Sailed— Chil ship Star
of Italy, for Port Pirie.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Queen, hence
Oct 18. Sailed— Ptmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
Arrived Oct 23— Bark R. P. Cheney, hence Oct 8.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 24— Schr Hera, from
Cape Nome.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 24— Schr Mary Dodge,
from Klhei. Sailed— Stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 22— Bark Empire, for
San Francisco; stmr Progreso, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct 24— Bark Ore
gon, for Melbourne.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 24— Schr
Newark, hence Oct 23; nchr Mary Etta, hence
Oct 22. Sailed— Schr Bender Bros., for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct 24— Schr Co
rinthian, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Rival, hence
Oct 23.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 24— Schr Sailor Boy,
hence Oct 12.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 23— Schr C.
T. Hill, hence Oct 14; schr Roy Somers, hence
Oct 17; schr Glen, frnm Santa Barbara; schr
Lettitia, from San Pedro; schr Ruby A. Cous
ins, hence Oct 1 schr Wing & Wing, hence Oct
6. Sailed— Schr Una. for Altata.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Ship Erskine
M. Phelps, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct 21— Br stmr Port Al
bert, from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oot 21— Ger bark J. C.
Pfluger. for Honolulu.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Oct 20— Fr bark Grande
Duchesse Olga, for San Francisco ; br bark
Lakemba, for Port Los Angeles.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 22— Br stmr St.
Irene, for Tacoma.
DUBLlN— Arrived Oct 23— Br ship Pyrnees,
hence June 6.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived Oct 23— Chll ship Star
of Bengal, from Port Gamble.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Noord
land, from Antwerp. Sailed— Stmr Cymie, for
Liverpool. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Bath
City, from Swansea.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Staten
dam from New York, for Rotterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr
Trave, from New York, for Bremen.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Kaiser
Friedrich. from New York, for Bremen, and la- |
ter arrived at Southampton.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Staten
dam, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Ulto
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■ ' ' - ./'
New
Fast
Train.
Via • Rio Grande' Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railways in connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco dally at 8
a. m. •
Through Double Drawing- Sleeper.
Free Reclining- Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
i For Information, . rates, etc., ' apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or; No. 14 Montgomery
street. I ■'..-■ • ■ ;/'■' ■ ■ ■ . .
\ W. H. " ENEDAKER. General 'Agent
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave : Sun Francisco via Sausallto Kerry
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1899. *
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
■UNDATB— 10:00 a. m. and 1:16 p. m.
Far* 8. F. to Summit and Return. II 40.
THOS. COOK A SON. Agu.. 621 Market at.
y^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jfe*£S#i\^£» K]EAIBSYSiT - Established
■ a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
*>25 KEABNY ST. Established
■ in 1884 for the treatment 0/ Private
' fißjfaFcJES* Disease)!, Lost Manhood. • Debility or
ifl^SSS^^b disease wearing on bodyandmtndand
*&K!tißCdMm Skin Diseases. The doctor cureswheii
others fall. ■ Try him. Charges low
*7«aai£i*as guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Dr. J, t\ «iIBB«ir. Box 1957. San Francisco.
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
S«T'THKR!« PACIFIC COSfPAKT*
~ r .- (PACIFIC SYSTEM.) '
Trains) I«nv«> »■■<! me <)■•« to nrrlv* mB .
SAN FItANCIKI'U.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 15, 1899. — abbivs
' *7 :OOa Benicla. Suisun and Sacramento.... •7r45p
•7:OOa Maryrvillo, Orovillo via Woodland,
Elmira, Vaciv iUo an d .... *J :43r
•7:00 a. Shista Express— Davis. Willows,
Red BlufT. Portland •7:45r
i •7:UO a Martiucx, Ban Uamon, Vallejo. N»pa,
" • • Calistngft cad Santa Rosa •6»15p
•8:OOa Tho Overland limited— Ogden,
Omaha. Chicago # sils*
•Bi:Coa Ban .lo»», Livermora. .Stockton,
love. Sacrameuto, Placerville,
Marjsrille, CUico, lted Iliulf «4:13»
•8::sOa •Miltou, Oakdalo and Sonora «4:i:sp
•9:«Oa Haywatds, Niks and Way .Stations. M I**»A
•!):OOa Atlantic Kxpreee— Ogdon and East «U:43a
*«:OOa Martinez, Tracy, LatUrop. Stockton,
■ ■ e nd Fresno *12:15p
•»:OOa Vrcano, UakersGeH, BaiiU BaVliara, : \ '■:■■•;
Los Angela, laming. El Paso,
New Orleans ami Gust .r. . . . # 0:15p
•IO:OOa Vnllcjo. Martinez and Way Stations # 7:irir
•I I:OOa Ilavwards, Niks and Way KUtiona.-« l 2:l.'>p
•12:OOm Niks, LiTermorc, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mcndota, llanford. Visalia,
PcrtciTiUo M:lsp
♦ l:OOp Sacramento Itircr Steamers t^=W<»p
! »3:OOr Hayrrards, Niks and Way Stations. •■"»:43p
j "4:OOp Miirtincr., K:ui liauion, Vallcjo,
Nar:l. Oalistoßn, Santa IJoaa *!»«ll>*
! •IjOOp Bcnicia, Vacaviilc, Sacramento,
AVoodland, Kulgbts Lainlini;,
MarysTlltc, Ororillo »i«U!»a
••l;tlOpNilc^ Han .losonnd Stockton | •7:15p
•3:OOpTho Owl Licitcd— Tracy, Fresno.
lJaktrsQcM. Hanpjs for .Santa Bar-
bara, Lob Aucelos # 0:45 a
•3:30p Btockton. Merced, L'rouno.... »l2:ir>p
•3:liop Martinez, Trscy, Moadota, I'reeno.
Mojavo and I-os Angolvn *Bi4sa
•3s3Op Maura IV Jtoiilc— Atl:inl(c l-'.jpreiis
s forMobiTa ami Bant "fl^.ip
•0:OOp Hay. Xilennml Jose # 7:4.T.\
+0:30 - V'nllejo »l*slSp
•S:3»r Oriental Mail— Ogden and Eart •«:30p
17>OOi« Vsllc-Jo, l'or f , Costa and Way Sta-
li.-m; , . J»:ssp
•8:O3r Orcßon ond California K«l>r«*s,H«O'
ritlncilto, Maryarillc, lii Mint!.
r»itliiinl. I'ng-t, Sen.,.! n;»l V.nil «H:iaA.
COAST DiriSION iSiiri-on (Jaiißo). c
(Foot of Mnrkct Street.)
•B:lOANoi7ark,U(:iitcrTi:lc,.'jan.loso,Felton,
BoiildcrCrcck.SantaOruiand Way
9t:iticnn »3:30r
t*ilsp Noircrk, Contcrville, Kan .Toso, New
AJmaJon, Fcltou, Boulder Creole,
.S.-.i:ta Cruz and Principal Way
Biatioos lOis«*
•4:15p Newark, Han Joso, Los Gat-os *«Jj2Oa
611 :!.»!> Hunters' Kzcursisn, San Jose and
W»y.Sta)io:s }7.«0p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TrtmSH Fill NClF.CO— root of Market Strtut (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
•♦1:00 tis:oo ♦0:OOr.M.
Fool »fßrsiiii why.— "«:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t13:03 "1:00 t3:CO *3:CO 11:00 «S:OQr.M.
(OAST DIVISION (nroaiKJnup*').
(Third and TownscTiil Stg.)
iO:IO\ Ocean View, South bin l'rancisco.. t«23«'
•7:00 a Han Joso mid Wny Stations (New
Alinadcu Wcdnoadays only) »l:80p
»»i»Oa Han .1030. Tro.i rinor. Ssmta Cruz,
Pncii'ic (iioro. I'oao lti)l>les, .San
Luis Olitspii, Snrf, Lompoc and
l'llnciiml Way Stations # 4:lOp
•lOi4Oa Shii.locciuhl Way Stations «0:33 a
•II:::«a San JO3O mid Way .Stations »Jhao*
t»i43i- Ban Matro, Redwoo<l, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, .Santa Clara, Hun .lone,
Tres Finos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey mid Vacilic GroTe tlO:8«»
♦a:SOp Sen .logo and Way Stations *7:8«p
♦ IslOr San Josoand Principal Way Stations •»:43*
♦5:00p San Jose and Principal "Way Stations tO:O«*
*5:30r Sail Joso and Principal Way .Stations "8:35*
•6:110 v San. and W«y Stations f8:00 A
bll:4.~»p San Jose and Way Stations «7:30 i
A for Morning. P t or Afternoon.
• Dally. t .Sunday exempted. J. Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IL CO.
LOSSES ,
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibupon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
FAX FRANCISCO 'TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and ll:Sfl d. m. •
SUNDAYS— ?:CO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, 3:30,
5:00. R:2fl d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
6:25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above. • ';
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco, i In Effect I San Francisco.
I I October 15, I ■
Week Sun- 1899. | Sun- Week
Days, j days. [ Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm £:00 pmi Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm,
Fulton,
7:90 am -•- Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
jttO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and . ;';
8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am | 10:25 am
, 8:00 ami Guerneville. 7:85 pm
3:30 pm ' 6:22 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am,
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| 7:35 pm 6:22 pm>
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for .Skasrss
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Keleeyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
prints, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr'»
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg-,
Westport, Usal, Willltts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer*
Scotia anil Eureka. . . .• - .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»*
duced rates.
On Sunday round triD tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bld»,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
Mil IJH I 111 — — — ■■ S—
Santa Feßpute
(^yf^tmasrx*^ TPHOENH j
fplr^^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO, '
*** THB MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN OP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVB
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLET ROAD. Bead Up.
•7:20 am |1O:K> am Stockton 1:40 pmi 6:00 pot
1:10 am I 1:06 pm Marced 113:10 pm 4:11 pa
10:40 am I s;tt pm FNmm t»:00 am 1:41 pm
11 :18 am ( 7:45 pm Hanford 7:00 am 1:45 pra
1:24 pm 112:30 am Bakersfleld ■ 1:06 am U.M am
11:69 am t«:2Spm Vlealia 5:20 am 1:22 peat
12 Id pm 16:63 pm Tulare 4:25 am *l:05 ptn
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
Ban Francisco Ticket Office. 888 Market all
Tel. Main IBIL
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway. A j
Sacramento Office, 201 J it. T !
Ban Jo— Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 188».
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— •7:OO, •»:»>. 11:00 a. m.; I:tt,
:40, 5:15, 6 00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley *nd San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. I
SUNDAYS— 'SiOO. •10:00. 11:30 a. m.: 1:1s,
»:15 *4:45. 6:30, 8:00 p. m. -
Trains marked (♦) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •6:85, 7:46, »»:40 a. m.j
•12:30, 2:16, *3:40, *5:15 p. m. :
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00. •10:00. 11:45 a. 9.3
•1-40 *3:15 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:45. 6:45, .7:65. »:4S a. m.;
12:35, 2:35. 5:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
'Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15, 1:30.
1:00, 6:45 p. m
■-.... :THROU<JH. TRAINS. ,
t:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and -'ay stations.
■ibq a. m. Sundaya— Tomaiea and way station*.
1112
MINERS BID GOOD-BY TO-DAY
California Association
Accomplishes Much
for the Industry in
Which It Is
Interested.
A New Board of Officers
Will Be Elected at
the Meeting to
Be Held This
Morning.
The California Miners' As
sociation decided yesterday
that the State should take up
th« matter of water conserva
tion and not wait for national
aid.
Senator Perkins advised
the delegates that their fight
for a Secretary of Mines and
Mining was almost hopeless.
Reports of Secretary Ben
jamin and the various com
mittees showed the associa
tion to be in a most prosper
ous condition.
Last evening the delegates
from the Western States were
banqueted at the Palace.
To-day the association ■will
elect a new board of officers.
In the afternoon the delegates
•will be the guests of the
Union Iron Works in an ex
cursion on the bay.
THE miners of California and the
visiting delegates from the States
west of the Kocky Mountains will
complete the business of their an
nual session to-day. The most im
ot matter which the convention
will dispose of will be the election of
a new board of officers, which was post
: from yesterday's session. The
reading and disposal of the'reports of the
various standing: committees occupied
much of the time of the convention's
Becond day. From the miners' point of
\ i.'\v, these reports wore of more than
Og interest, and they were instruc
tive as well to every Californian and, in
, every resident of the West.
ral able addresses were made,
among these being the remarks of Ben
ator George C. JVrkins, abounding as ]
.iid In reminiscences of the early
days of mining in the Golden State. i
The subject of the conservation of flood
: a difference of opinion ]
n the Miners' Association and the ' i
National Irrigation Congress, represented M
eorge H. Maxwell. Mr. Maxwell i
vehemently protested against the move- i
rd local action in the matter, 1
arguing that if the miners would be pa- <
tient the National Government would give I
the assistance nought, but that if the <
did not pull together the great na- s
lionai Irrigation agitation was ill danger of j
falling through. The convention was not 1
in harmony with Mr. Maxwell, and among j
the r> idopted was one in direct i
opposition t" his plea.
ined the proceedings :
of yesterday's session promptly at the
appointed hour. The first announcement j
in invitation to the delegates from'
Henry T. and Irving M. Scott to visit the I
Vnion Iron Works and enjoy an excursion I i
on the bay as their guests. The offer was
accepted with thanks by the convention.
The miners will leave Mission pier No. 2
In tugboats at - o'clock this afternoon, ! \
and after inspecting The iron works will i
cruise about the bay until about 5 o'clock. ■
Juiltrp Saarls suggested gi-ving a banquet <
at the Palace to the visiting delegates. I ■
and at his request the chairman asked •
nil those who would attend to arise. A i
few strae-trlers stood up. and whi>n noses |
counted it was found that there
KING GEORGE OF
FUG ISLAND
DROPS IN AGAIN
Here on the Schooner
Eliza Miller.
Goorge Grelg, King of the Fanning
group, arrived from his capital on Wash
ington Island yesterday. He came up on
the schof ncr Eliza Miller, making the
voyage in thirty-two days, and reports
that very f< w changes have taken place
In his domain since he was last in San
Francisco. Washington is now the most
productive island of the group. The cocoa
nut trees on the other islands are not
bearing as well as they did five years ago
and new groves are being planted. There
has been very little sickness in the group
and the natives are contented and happy.
King Greig's son and heir was educated
in San Francisco, but he did not come up
with his father on this occasion. Next
. however, when the copra ship
comes to San Francisco, Prince Grelg
•will pay the city a visit. The Eliza Mll
, ler brought up IGS tons of copra and will
take back a supply of provisions for the
■Islanders.
The little Bchooner Sadi« arrived from
Kodlak yesterday after a passage of
tw< nty-flve days. She Is only four tons
burden, and yet two men navigated her
that 1750 miles of stormy sea and
reached the Gold'-ii Gate without a serious
mishap. Captain Lane says he and bis
companion ltft Kodiak on September 30.
For a wtek they had good weather and
then It began to bluw. The little schooner
Btood up to it well, however, and they
came out of the 6torm without any dam
age. Off the mouth of the Columbia
Kiver it blew a hurricane and the little
boat lay to a drag anchor without a Btltch
of canvas on her for twenty-four hours.
Captain Lane considers her as stanch a
little craft as ever was built, and says ha
would not be afraid to go around th«
■world in her.
The Hawaiian sugar crop is nearly all
marketed now and many of the fleet are
returning to San Francisco in ballast.
The barkentlne S. G. Wilder came up in
i) days, the best run of the season.
The bark Annie Johnson came up in thir
teen and the barkentine Omega in six
days. The British bark Auldglrth
made the run from Iquique in sixty-two
days and the British ship William Tillie
from Newcastle, Australia, in seventy
eix days. There were sixteen arrivals yes
terday and all of them had fair weather
passages. The Umatllla was a few hours
late, owing to a strong head wind that
lasted all the way from Flattery to San
Francisco.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic sailed for Hongkong
via Honolulu and Yokohama yesterday.
She took away every passenger she could
.iccommodate and every pound of freight
fihe could carry. There were 98 cabin
passengers, 666 Chinese and 28 Japanese
In the steerage and 39 Chinese who wer©
deported by the courts. The exodus of
<"hlnese is due to the desire of the Mon
golians to spend the new year holidays at
home. Among the cabin passengers waa
Bishop Potter of New York, who in going
to Honolulu and thence to Manila on a
vielt. Mrs. &. T. Osborne. wife of the Pa
cific Mall Company* agent at Yokohama,
were but twenty-one hungry miners in
the convention. The Judge was astounded
at the result, but he was equal to the
emergency, and in a ringing speech
turned the tide in favor of the feed, and
had nearly every delegate in the hall
shouting for the spread before he had
finished.
"Shame on California," he said, "if she
cannot keep up her reputation for liber
ality and hospitality at this time and en
tertain these guests of ours as they de
serve as the representatives of the great
est industry of our nation. Boys, get up
on your hind legs and attend this banquet
to-night!" And the "boys" stood up,
every mother's son of them.
Following this President Neff called
Senator Perkins to the platform. As the
gentleman arose from the body of the
assemblage and started for the stage he
was greeted by a mighty cheer. He said:
"I did not come here to talk but to
greet my old friends. Like most of you,
I have spent many of my days polishing a
drill or running a tunnel to a vein that
pitched the wrong way." He eulogized
the miners, stating that through their
work the credit of the country had been
placed on a footing equal to that of any
nation of the world. He congratulated
Ithe association for the good work it had
done In the past eight years In benefiting
and developing the great industry in
which its members were interested. j
Speaking of the miners' determination to
have created the Secretaryship of Mines
and Mining, he said:
"It is all right for you to fly your kites
high, but I do not think there Is any prob
ability of such a position being created
for many years to come. You may secure
a Commissioner of Mines and Mining,
which will bring about the very object in
view. I speak advisedly. The commer
cial interests of the nation have been try
ing for fifteen years to get a Secretary of
Commerce, without success. There are
already too many heads in the Cabinet. I
I hope this convention will take a prac
tical view of the situation and take what
it can get. "With you I rejoice in Califor
nia's resources. No one loves to sing her
praises better than I, and no one takes
more glory in it; but we must remember
i that there are other great States. The
coal and Iron industries demand recog
i nition, and we must work with them if
I we expect to accomplish anything in the
direction indicated. "We cannot be a com
munity within ourselves.
1 "If judge Searls and I had our way, the
miners of the State would have every
thing they asked for. They deserve noth
ing but prosperity and happiness, and I
would like to see them go down the In
cline of their lives on a pathway strewn
with roses. I never forget that I am your
servant, and all that I have or expect to
tret I owe to the good people of Cali
fornia."
Lafe Pence was given a seat in the con
was also a passenger. Mrs. Osborne is
the daughter of the late Captain Shot
well, managing director of the Merchants'
1 Exchange. As the Gaelic passed out
through the heads John Hyslop, the ex
, change reporter at Point I»bos, dipped
I his signal flags in honor of Mrs. Osborne,
! and the Gaelic acknowledged the salute.
First Officer C. P. Jones of the Gaelic
; has remained ashore this voyage and will
take a well-earned vacation. The other
j officers were promoted a step for the voy
age, Second Officer Burrows going out as
I first officer and Third Officer Kilbury as
second officer.
Several of the transports moved from
one wharf to another yesterday, hut none
of thorn went to sea. The Olymiiia went
out into the stream, but as the repairs to
h»r boilers are not completed it may be
this evening before she gets away. The
Senator was moved to Broadway wharf,
where phe will be fitted out, and "the City
of Peking was moved from the Mail dock
to the Government wharf. The Manu
<=-nse. Tartar, Newport and Centennial are
all booked to sail to-day, but It is doubtful
whf-thc-r they will all get away. The
hordes for the Centennial are expected at
any time, and as soon as they arrive and
are put aboard that vessel will sail.
The office of the Spn-ckels tugs was
moved yrstrrday. and in future Captains
McCoy. Rnndnll. Marshall. Brokaw, Silo
vich and Mannings will be found on the
bulkhead at Pacific-street wharf, and the
COMPLETING HER FIFTH ROUND TRIP TO MANILA.
Tt?r 3 L t I£I! J5 rt Sena *" has now been over a year and four months in the service of the Government and during that
time she has f proved herself to be one of the best and most economical of the Philippine fl'et DunnVherterm of
BumXrdurS^Thr^ Senator has been under steam 268 days and has run over 70 000 nautical miles He • coa^ con
sumption during . this time was 11,000 tons and on it the vessel has averaged 11 knots an hour On her first voyage the
SrTeeT *" I" P "* eot order and slow time was made, which fact has cut: down the- Senate s.^ gonerTaTrS
f^J?t Urtn e term of ."^' vlce the Senator has carried over 7000 soldiers to and from the Philippines and- 4000 tons of
freight. She has proved herself a most comfortable troopship and the lowa ? boys who cane horn* -mi £r Sunday say
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1899.
PROMINENT PARTICIPANTS IN MINERS' CONVENTION.
ventlon upon the telegraphed request of ;
Governor Thomas of Colorado, and acted
as a representative of that State. He be
lieved in hammering away for the Secre
taryship, on the ground that Congress
never gave more than the people asked of
it. Congressman de Vries also addressed ;
the convention, giving an outline of the '
work accomplished for the miners by the
California delegation to the National
Legislature.
Secretary E. H. Benjamin presented a
report covering in an exhaustive manner j
the progress of the association and the
work accomplished during the year. It
Bbcwa that the organization is enjoying a
degree of prosperity greater than it had
ever experienced before. The statement
of the treasurer, H. J. Hendy, likewise mi
i dicated»a healthy condition of the associ- j
! ation. Over $15.0vJ had been received dur- ■
ing the year, the donations of the mer
chantfl and business men of San Fran-
Cisco forming the principal item of in
come.
The committee on legislation, of which
John F. Davis is chairman, reported hav
ing done much active work in legislative
lines. "Broadly stated," the report re- .
cites, "the chief immediate interest of this
association In legislation is a demand for j
statutory enactment upon four subjects :
of vital interest to this State: I. The
rehabilitation of hydraulic mining; 2. The
segregation of mineral from agricultural
tugs Relief, Fearless, Reliance and Alert
will be found at Pacific-street wharf.
Superintendent McCoy has much better
offices in his new quarters, but it will
take him and all his captains some time
to get used to the new order of things.
Howard-street wharf 3, where the tugs
used to dock, Is to be torn down and a
new wharf similar to the Folsom-street
pier built.
Eugene Aubert fractured his leg In two
places in a very simple manner yester
day. He was walking along Sutter street
when he slipped on a banana peel and fell.
He was taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where Dr. Robinson reduced the fracture.
William D. English, the genial secretary
of the Harbrr Commission. Is back on
the front after ;i week spent :it Navaxro
fishing and hunting. He was accom
panied by General Tom Clunie, and they
both report trout, salmon and quail plen
tiful.
The schooner Philippine sailed for
Puget Sound yesterday. She will take a
load of lumber for the Government to
Manila. This Is the Philippines maiden
voyage.
Governor 1.. Shaw of lowa visited the
battleship lowa yesterday. He was cor
dially received by the naval officers, and
on his departure a salute of seventeen
guns was fired in his honor.
Dr. Parker's Cnueh Cure. One d^se -will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try it, 25c. All drugßists.*
lands in railroad land grants; 3. The ere-
ation of a Federal Executive Department
of Mines and Mining, with a Cabinet offl-
cer at its head; 4. The conservation of
our mountain waters.'.' I
John M. Wright, for the committee on |
Jetties and dredging, announced that his ,
committee would have practically nothing
to do until the dams were built, for which
Congress has already appropriated
$500,000. I
Hon. A. Camlnetti made a lengthy re-
port on the matter of the dams referred
to by Mr. Wright's committee. He spoke
hopefully of the forthcoming report of
the Government engineers and stated that
} l%l or * *K ue £« wh ?v, hji *£ harKO Of the work
indicated to him that the engineers would
approve the recommendationß of the Call-
fornla Debris Commission. He said:
"The most sanguine friend of the rivers
fn^l^lusf/c'fan^^or^^^ntffo'f fha
J Tnte C r e e 8 a ts d affe r cted? HUgatlon' now
pending should be stayed to await the
promised report. It will be time then for
the anti-debris people to proceed if the
proposed plans are unsatisfactory to i
them, but on the contrary should It be !
found that entire and full protection to i
the river and adjacent lands Is the basic I
principle upon which the Impounding i
works are to be constructed, then the har-
mony which promised to bless the peo-
ple of the mines and the valley will be an
FOOTE AND CHURCH
COLLIDE IN COURT
CHARGES OF BLACKMAILING
AND COWARDICE.
Warm Morning Session With Oppos
ing Attorneys in Bellicose At
titudes Makes the Air
Smell of Powder.
Evidence in the sensational Hite divorce
case, conducted before Judge Jones of
Martinez, in the offices of Van R. Pater
son, was as nothing compared with the
bellicose demonstrations of the interested
attorneys in the trial of the case yester
day morning and afternoon. Every vari
ety of bad blood was shown and the talk
was all of blackmail, cowardice, pistols
fr>r two or three and blood-stained fields,
where honor's battles have been fought
to the mortal finish.
William S. Church, one of the attorneys
for the Indian woman, was on one side of
the lingual war and W. W. Foote, who
Delegates Insist That
Mining Interests De=
serve Recognition
at Washing^
ton.
Local Organization and
the National Irrigation
Congress Differ on
Issue of Water
Conservation.
accomplished fact and the two sections,
proud in the protection afforded to each
by a generous government, will, aiding
each other, reach that prosperity which
their unparalleled resources unfettered
will bring te all."
J. M. Gleavea spoke on the subject of
the conservation of flood waters. He ar
gued that the State should issue bonds
for the construction of the necessary res
ervoirs. He was strongly opposed to
waiting for national aid. "The Lord helps
him who helps himself." he said, "and if
we do not do something in this important
matter there is little probability of any
thing being done."
This called forth a hot retort from
George H. Maxwell, representing the Na
tional Irrigation Congress. He advised
the convention to proreed with the great
est care and not to make any mistake in
the matter. He did not believe it was
possible for anything to be accomplished
in the line Indicated without the aid of
the National Government. "The people
who need water for Irrigation and mining
should Join hands with those who want
protection from floods," he said. "Do not
go by yourselves and throw cold water
on this great national undertaking."
An interesting paper on petroleum min
| Ing was read by A. H. Ricketts. At to
' day's meeting he will introduce a resolu-
I tion asking Congress to give the same
rights to those prospecting for petroleum
as Is now accorded lode miners in running
their tunnels.
Resolutions were adopted indorsing all
of the recommendations made by the va
rious committees: pledging unfaltering
support to the Caminettl act; approving
the plans of the Governor of Colorado for
a miners' convention to take up the mat
i ter of a Secretary of Mines and Mining;
asking Congress to open Pyramid Lake
and Walker Lake, Indian reservations,
Nevada, situated in the mineral regions;
I Indorsing a uniform system of mining
) laws rules and regulations throughout
! the United States.
The chairman appointed the following
committee to revise the association s con
stitution and by-laws, to report at the
next annual convention: B. S. Rector, S.
! J. Hendy, David McClure Jr.. E. C. \oor
! heis W. M. McCllntock, C. H. Dunton.
C. C. Derby, Andrew Carrigan, Willis G.
In the evening Marsden Manson ad
dressed the delegates and their friends at
Golden Gate Hall, on the subject of Dis
tribution and Variation of Rainfall in Cal
ifornia." The lecture was Illustrated by
stereoptlcon views.
VISITORS BANQUETED.
Resounding the keynote struck by
J»-se NUe/searta. the California miners
Judge Mies Searls. the California miners
retrieved themselves last night. The ban
quet tendered by the California associa
tlon to the delegates from the Western
a f~taa riUnollod any insinuation that Cal-
States dispelled any insinuation mat tai
ifornia boasted hospitality was a fable.
Never were guests received with more
heartiness or treated with more liber
an tv The entertainment of the visitors
took place at the Palace Hotel. Tables
were ' set in the banquet hall for three
hundred It was nearly 10 o'clock when
the californians and their guests began
a discussion of the menu, and midnight
was no 1 far away when the toastmaster.
Hon. Jacob Neff, announced that the time
iToA nrrivaA tnr n nt-tiA fond fnr thmnrht
M^f hlf.nv sentimentsTere evn?S
"V tnose wno responueu to me ioasih.
The welcome of California's miners- to the
guests from her sister States waa made
banquet was an impromptu affair,
Th« banquet was an impromptu affair,
Until yesterday morning it had not been
dreamed of. The local delegates to the
miners convention appreciated that some
thing should be done to give the visitors
a taste of the hospitality for which the
Golden State Is famed. The banquet of
last night was the result of that sug
gestlon.
represents Millionaire Hite, was on the
other. Hardly had Judge Jones called the
morning session when Attorney Church
arose with his grievance engraved upon
his countenance. On Thursday last, in
the absence of Church, Attorney Foote
made charges of attempted blackmail
against Church. For three days the lat
ter has been nursing his wrath and it
burst on the courtroom yesterday morn
ing and nearly resulted in some sort of
a mixup.
Church's denunciation of Foote was
bitter, insinuating that he was born on
the "dark and bloody ground" and would
not lie dormant when his honor was as
sailed. John A. "Wall, another attorney
representing the Indian woman, had also
been singed by Foote's charges and he
entered his throaty forces in the charge
against the common enemy. From time
to time the court was called upon to force
a speedly conclusion of the war-talk, but
the tide could not be stemmed. Finally
W. W. Foote arose and half scornfully
half seriously threatened to exterminate
the entire opposition. He said he Was
ready for them all or one at a time,
whichever they preferred and whichever
way they wished to take their medicine
The strained relations continued
throughout the day. During the after
noon session, while Attorney Hanlon was
examining John R. Hite, Foote objected
to Hanlon's method of questioning the
witness. One word led to another, "Foote
concluding by softly remarking to Han
lon that there was enough bull-baiting
going on in the trial and that it had better
be discontinued for the good of all or else
something would happen. Later on Hanlon
asked a question of the witness to which
Foote objected. Hanlon then arose and
excitedly cried out that it was the most
important thing in his life — the day on
which the marriage license was obtained.
Foote replied that if the case continued
there would be some more important
things "in the life of others of us," re
ferring to himself, Hanlon and Van R.
Paterson. Again, the suggestion of
powder and guns was in the air.
Several important witnesses were put
on the stand yesterday. In the afternoon
John R. Hite was called by the plaintiff,
who attempted to show that the license
for the defendant to wed Cecilia Nouges
was taken out October 11 or 12, 1597, and
on the 13th, when the marriage was con
summated, Hite was not in a condition
to know what he was doing. Much time
was consumed in eliciting from Hite just
what times he was present at the Indian
Peak Ranch, but nothing positive was ob
tained except the acknowledgment of a
visit in 1893.
The witness who furnished the comedy
part of the melodrama was John Fergu
non, the keeper of a roadhouse near Hite's
Cove, some thirteen miles from Mariposa.
He lived in that part of the country,
knew Hite, the Indian woman and re
ferred to her as Mrs. Hite, but in cross
examination he admitted that she was
known by a number of men's names. The
attorneys for the plaintiffs tried to prove
that Ferguson knew of the relations be
tween Hite and the so-called Mrs. Hite.
Arthur Rodgers was put on the stand
and he told of a visit paid him by F. \V.
Berlin with an offer to compromise the
case. Berlin offered $13,000, but Rodgers
declared that $30,000 was the minimum fig
ure, with an acknowledgment of wifehood
for his client. He also admitted that
money had been advanced by himself
and Attorney Hanlon for the prosecution
of the case. The action will be taken up
at 10 o'clock to-day.
Bouton Must Stay in Jail.
George P. Curtis applied yesterday to
the United States District Court for a
•writ of habeas corpus on behalf of Victor
Bouton, the petition alleging that Bouton
is restrained of his liberty by Chief of
Police Lees, in defiance of law, under a
warrant for grand larceny issued by a
Justice of the Peace of Humboldt County,
Nevada.
Judge de Haven refused to issue the
writ because it did not appear from the
petition that the imprisonment of Bouton
was in violation of the constitution or of
any law or treaty of the United States.
ADVEBTISE3IENTS.
« *~~ ~ — — — —^— — —
Our New Importations of
NOVELTY GOODS for our
LACE DEPARTMENT have
all heen received and we are
now showing an elegant as-
sortment of the following
goods :
New all OVer CHIFFONS In EMBROIDERED, APPLI-
QUED and LACE EFFECTS,
New GATHERED, RUFFLED and PLEATED CHIFFON
and LIBERTY TRIMMINGS In Cream, Black andGOlors;
all widths,
New CORDED, TUCKED and EMBROIDERED TAFFETA
SILK VESTINGS In Cream, Black and colors.
New BLACK LIBERTY and CHIFFON RUFFS from $2.00
to $6,00 each.
New NET TOP TRIMMING LACES In Ivorn and Ecru
shades,
New WHITE, ECRU and BLACK ALL-OVER NETS In
great variety,
New BLACK SILK CHANTILLY LACES and INSERT-
INGS, BLACK SILK POINT VENICE LACES and BANDS.
New NORMANDY,. REAL TORCHON, SMYRNA, POINT
DE PARIS, POINT APPLIQUE LACES, different widths,
with Insertions to match.
NOTE—
500 dozen LADIES' UNLAUNDRIED, HEMSTITCHED,
EMBROIDERED and INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS
pure linen, 15c and 25c each,
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
MURDERER WINTERS
TEMPORARILY SAVED
WARDEN ATJXL'S DEATH SUS
PENDS THE EXECUTION.
Harry Winters, under sentence of death,
will have a few more days on earth be
fore his neck is submitted to the noose.
He was to have been executed on next
Friday at the State prison at Folsom, but
the recent death of Warden Aull has de
layed that event.
It will be remembered that on the night
of November 17, 1&97, Winters and a fel
low named C. H. Reynolds entered the
Grand Hotel at South San Francisco, San
Mateo County, and attempted to rob the
landlord and guests. There was a sharp
I fight in which a number of shots were
fired by the robbers and one bullet struck
Charles A. Andrews with fatal results.
The murderer escaped and was not cap
tured for a number of days. In time he
was sentenced to pay the death penalty
■ for hid crime and Warden Aull was the
| State official who was directed to execute
I the sentence.
Soon after Mr. Aull's death the Prison
I Directors met and failed to select a sue
| cessor to the late Warden. However, they
j appointed R. J. Murphy aa deputy
Warden with powers to attend to the
business and duties of the Warden. Mur
phy was not sure aa to whether this au
thority empowered him to execute the
sentence of death in Winters' case, and as
the time set is next Friday he requested
an opinion of the Attorney General. Mr.
j Ford, after reviewing the statutes on such
TAILOR-MADE DRESSES !
THE LATEST STYLES.
HOME-SPUN CLOTH DRESSES— AII wool, blacks, blues, browns and
grays, Jacket silk lined,. new cut skirts. A tailor would q> a £ r\r\
charge you for this dress $25 00. Our price <plO*".V
ELEGANT^ TAILOR-MADE DRESSES— The newest cuts, finest all-wool
camels' hairs and lady's cloths, all colors, entirety lined throughout
with silk taffeta lining. A tailor would charge you /nor (\(\
$45.00 for such a dress. Our price «pZO'VV
|k FINE TAN JACKETS.
Cj||r Dark Tan, Black and Blue Jackets,
/ggj3!_ a" wool, new style, value to-day
111 I, If A i for 10 00 - Our price
f fill . ELEGANT ALL-WOOL KERSEY
I I fj), JACKETS.
• I \\ All silk-lined throughout; tans, blues,
/ i\\ browns and castors ; value to-day
/ 1 21 A for $16.50. Our price
$12 50.
Astrakan and China Seal Collarettes. SPECIAL. $5.00
California Stone Marten Neck Furs. SPECIAL.' .'.'.' B2*SO
New Seal Fur Jackets, elegant as real seal, and wear
; better ' 5PEC1AL........ ........ . . _ . $35.00
lllil/lil mjHjULiJ QUIT HOUSE,
120 KEARNY STREET
FREE j=S g
Treatment and Medicine g
FOR «2? \\^S
Catarrh, Deafness, a mm
NOISES In EARS, THROAT o ~ °/ll
and LUNG DISEASES glve.i c=sjf
free to show the superior -fS£*~Sji!3i
merit of my New Inventions rijS^V'^
and Antiseptic Treatment SSsy &l(a •
that gives marvelous cures §§$' J^^3P
and so easy a child can SsA 'Sksßl
use It. Id 2000 test cases IV (gjglga •
over 95 per cent cured. Best ;S -
of references and hundreds §\ j-nJß*3B!f^
of Indorsements. But the best
1b to try It and be convinced jspsjjla
while you can. — ■"*
FREE for one week. Call at once or writ,
for literature.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— a. m. 1-3 and 7-S p. m.
NO SUNDAY HOURS.
matters, decided that Murphy Is not
under the law authorized to carry out the
sentence of the court in such a case.
Y\ hile in the usual run of business the
acting Warden may transact the business
of the higher officer, it would be unsafe
to do so under the circumstances
Attorney General Ford suggests two
courses that the deputy Warden may pur
sue. One is that the prisoner may be re
moved to the court and resentenced, the
execution to be held in San Quentln
Prison by the Warden of that institution.
The other is that the Governor may be
induced to reprieve the prisoner until
some certain date, and in the meantime
the Prison Directors would appoint a
regular Warden. In any event Winters
will be allowed to live a few days longer.