VOLUME LXXXYI-KO. 65.
JIMINEZ STARTS
HIS REVOLUTION
Forces Led by Able Generals Will
Try to Overthrow San Dom
ingo's Government*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, Aug. 3.— lt has just become known that an
armed insurrection has broken out at Tavoga, a town seventy
eight miles northwest of San Domingo, in favor of Jiminez, who
aspires to the Presidency in succession to the late President Heureaux.
Later advices from the Dominican republic indicate that the rev
olution is growing in strength.
At Santiago de la Cruz 500 well-armed men have risen under the
command of General Ramon Pacheco, and General Preyes. who is
very influential in these districts, has joined the insurgents with sev
eral other generals, each commanding fairly important forces.
JIMINEZ TALKS IN
A BOASTFUL MOOD 1
6p*"-l.i! Cnbl*> to The Call and the New. York
Hmlfl. Copyrighted, 1599. by Jam« Gor
don Pntinett.
HAVANA. Aug. 3. — Tn conversation I
•with a Herald correspondent to-day i
Juan Isidro .Timiiiez, candidate for
the dictatorship of San Domingo, said:
"For the last few years I have been
•working against -ident Heureaux.
I have worked Eunoi foreign powers,
I have landed filibustering expeditions
and at last my plans are successful.
"They were my agents who killed j
President Heureaux, and I am going to
the Tnited States in a day or so to or
ganize another party who will go with
me to San Domingo, and if necessary,
take forcible possession of the Govern
ment. The people do not want Fi
guero; they want me and they shall
have me."
General Jiminez will be accompanied ;
to the United States by Captain Pied
ra of the police force and several
prominent Cuban army men who sym
pathize Ith him.
I saw cables to-day that General j
Jiminez sent to his agents in San Do- J
mingo, saying that unless the present |
Government retired before the 15th of
this month he would lead a general up
rising and take forcible possession of
the island. His movement is attracting
attention here because of the number of
prominent men concerned. Gomez is
said to favor Jiminez.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.—Adminis
tration officials h^re are not disposed
to take the Havana interview with .
Jiminez seriously. It is hot believed
that he will attempt to organize a fili
EFFECTS OF GERMAN
BEEF PROCLAMATION
It Will Prevent the Introduction of
American Meat Through
Belgium.
WASHINGTC " -Official letters
■ ■ resentatives of the
in Germany bring man>
- ng The recent action in
that country looking to the exclusion of
■ ed in Belgium from the
Greman n •••■•• lltt!^ r ' lin
■ that this is done for the pur
ting the indirect introduc
■ product. The letters
•hat proclamations have I
ithorittes of the Prussian proy
• Di Osnabrook,
Schleswig. Pantzig and Gum
. I a i so m the grand duchies of
tnd Mecklenburg, and by the
try of Alsace-Lorraine, against the
■ ef slaughtered in Belgium.
risions of territory ™ver the
tier of German]
r it Impracticable to introduce any
■ . the empire. While the
■ Government of Germany
•::cial action in the premises it is
re that the course of the.
• governments is inspired fmm
• :.. • the proclamations set
action is taken at the in
... Chancellor. Others
m that th, eason for the step s
' fear of introducing Texas fever
en the American-born cattle slaugn
. .;:,. The exclusion orders
ffect on the 15th of July.
STRIKERS USE DYNAMITE.
.An Attempt Made to Blow Up a Car
in Cleveland.
CLEVELAND. Aug. The -withdrawal
of Bevcral companies of troops was fol
lowed to-night by another dynamite out- ;
rage, but fortunately nobody was hurt.
The explosion occurred under a Jen
rJngs-avenue car on which there were six
It smashed the flange of a wheel and
.ashed the flange of a. wheel and
gpllntered the board at the side The ,
passengers were badly frightened, but
none were Injured and the car proceeded
on its way to the end of the run. ..
AUTOMOBILE BTJENED.
Vehicle Was Destroyed, but the Pas
sengers Escaped.
Bpec'.a! Cable to The Call and the Hew Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599; by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. Aup. 3.— An automobile coi.tain
lr! ~ nY) persons, which left the Chateau
d'Vn yesterday, jroine to Chartres, when
in the forest of Sugerea caught fire sud
denly All escaped, but the automobile
was 'destroyed.
TANDEM TOUR OF THE WORLD.
Kr.^'al Ca ble to The Call and the New York ,
P Herald Copyrighted. 1899. by James Gor- i
don Bennett.
P4.RIS Aug. 3.— tour around the ;
world on a tandem has been commenced j
by two Italian cyclists. Eeiter and Fon- i
tana They left Florence last week and
have rt^w" arrived at Nice. They wil
come to Paris and work their way around ;
by way of England and America.
♦-
Road Wagon Record Irowered.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 3.— At the Be<
mont Driving Club'? track this afternoon
Mr Goodwin drove Bellewood A a mile to
a road wagon in 2:12 V lowering the record
of Sunland Belle of 2:14. made at Cleve
land. Later in the afternoon Mr Good
win drove Bright Light a mile, also to a
road wagon, in 2:13^. After the exhibition
Mr Goodwin announced his willingness to
rac>- against Sunlight Belle or any other
light harness horse to a road wagon.
Railway Mag-nates at Wallace.
LLACE. Aug. 3.— President Meuen ;
•rid other Northern Pacific officials were
hpie t'-itay considering the building of ai
branch line to tn» jnlnet|j>nJ3unsot Peak.
The San Francisco Call.
bustering expedition either in the
T'nited States or in Cuba. He will be
' watched, however, and if h>=> under -
I takes to organize an expedition or vio
late in any way th»- laws of neutrality
he will find the United States Govern
ment in his way.
If he undertakes to leav^ th>^ T'nited
States he will be dealt with under the
neutrality and navigation laws of the
country, just as were expeditions
which were detected in their efforts to
reach Cuba during the insurrection in
that island. If he undertakes t<> go
from Cuba he will be taken in hand by
military authorities. It is not believed
here that Jiminez would have said
anything about his intentions if he
really meant to head a filibustering ex- j
pedition.
MINISTER POWELL
SAVES PRISONERS
PORT AT* PRINCE, Hay:i, Aug. 3.— ,
At the request of United States Minis- ;
ter Powell. President Figuero will not
execute the prisoners arrested yester- J
day.
Th<> political situation here has im
proved and the city is calm. The
prompt action of Minister Powell, in
the case of M. Duvivier. tho newspaper
man, who was taken by police officers
out of the American Legation, has
created an excellent impression among
the foreign population. wh<> consider
that the action of the Hayttan Govern
ment in surrendering the prisoner to
the Minister on his demand probably
avoided serious trouble. The people
who have been BXMSted here are ac- i
ciised of plotting the overthrow of the.
Government.
TO TAKE NEGROES OUT
OF THE COUNTRY
! Bishop Turner of Georgia Moves to
Ask Congress for a Large
Appropriation.
BIRMINGHAM, Aug. 3.— At the . pre- !
sidjng elders' council of the African
! Methodist Episcopal Church of Alabama
f and Georgia, in session he.re to-day.
Bishop Turner of Georgia, who Is pre
siding, introduced a resolution, which was
! adopted, calling upon Congress for an ap-
ropriation of $100,000,000 to be used in
transporting negroes out of the country.
The Bishop said the determined aliena
'.tion of whites and blacks would never be
j overcome and the only solution of the race
j question lies in the separation of the
'■ races. Practically all the others present
| phared-in this sentiment. The conference
also adopted a resolution condemning the
1 bad elements of both the white and black
f races as responsible for so much lawless
ness.
PREFERS SUICIDE TO
PUBLIC DISGRACE
Deceived Young Woman Attempts to
End Her Life With a
Bullet.
MERCED, Aug. n.— Mis? Uzzie Wil
iiams. th<=- sixteen-year-old daughter of
Charles Williams of this' city, Is hovering
between life and d<ath. For some time
past sho hap been k'-r-ptng company with
a young man residing a short distance
from Mero»d. He was to have married
h<*r this morning, but at the appointr-d
hour he failed to put in an appearance,
and upon inquiry it was found that h^
had left town. Rather than face disgrace
she procured her father's revolver and
then kissed her sisters and brother, tell
ing them that she was tired and intended
to try and sleep. She retired to her
apartment and bolted the door, placed the
pistol to her body and fired. The ball en
on the right Bide, just above the
stomach, causing an ugly wound. The at
tending physicians fear that she will not
recover.
REMARKABLE FEAT
OF CYCLIST TAYLOR
Paced by a Steam Motor the Colored
Rider Covers a Mile in
1:22 1-2.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— Major Taylor, the
colored professional cyclist, rode a milo
•m motor at the Garfield
I'ark to-night in the phenomenal .time of
1:22%, thereby breaking the world's;
record by 5 3-5 seconds. The first quarter
was made in 20 1-5 seconds, the half in
3ft 2-5 seconds and the three-quarters in \
SUICIDE WITH DYNAMITE.
Chris Wold, a Farmer, Lays His
Head Over a Blast.
ri'MBERLAND, "Wis., Aug. 3.— Chris i
Wold, a farmer near Peskin Lake, this
county, committed suicide to-day by delib- S
erately blowing: off hi= head with dyna- i
mite. He. placed a quantity of dynamite I
In a hole in the ground, laid his head over j
it and touched it off. <f-xclaiming, '"Here I j
go. and the Lord go with me."
His head and an arm were completely '
torn away.
OSBORN APPOINTED
Is Now united States Consul General
at Apia.
BEKLIX, Aug. 3.— A dispatch to-day
from Apia, Samoa, under date of July 17,
confirms the report of the appointment of
Luther W. Osborn, United • States Consul
General at Apia, 'as Acting Chief Justice,
and aeeertß that he was appointed on the
proposal of Dr. Solp. German president of
th<* jHunlclpftl Council. ■■;. - - ...
— — : — s - - .
SAN FRANCISCO, FKIDAT, AL^GXJST 4, 1899.
MERGER SAYS DREYFUS WILL
BE CONVICTED.
PARLIAMENT BUILDING AT RENNES.
Where the coming second court-martial trial of Captain Dreyfus will be held this month.
PARIS, Aug. 3. — The Intransigeant publishes a statement which General Mercier is said to have made
to a friend, in which the ex-Minister of War said: "Certainly Dreyfus will be convicted again. Either
he is guilty or I am, and I shall prove him to be a traitor."
Revisionist organs assert that General Mercier intends to declare at Rennes that Count Munster,
the German Embassador to France, showed him proof of Dreyfus' guilt, at the same time saying if Mercier
published the evidence he (Munster) would deny it.
It appears that the Minister of War. General Marquis de Gallifet, has absolved all military wit
nesses at the court-martial of Captain Dreyfus at Rennes from professional secrecy, with the exception
that he has requested them not to divulge the names of French agents abroad or disclose anything which
could complicate the foreign relations of France.
LONDON. Aug. 3. — The Paris correspondent of the Times, referring to the Mercier matter, recalls
Germany impressively denied that any of her agents or officials had relations with Dreyfus. The corre
spondent adds: "Everybody is aware if the attempt is made to involve Germany in the affair the coun
try will consider such proceeding a premeditated insult, and would immediately ask for a disavowal. We
need not, therefore, further heed the intentions attributed to General Mercier, unless it is part of a plan
of the general staff, of which General Mercier is an unintelligent instrument, to use him for the purpose,
obliging the court-martial to be held in camera, in order to avoid possible complications that might arise
from such a declaration as General Mercier is reported to contemplate making. This method of throw
ing an air of mystery around a portion of the proceedings will vitiate the whole trial by giving an op
portunity for saying that as all is not known to the public the verdict remains uncertain and question
able." ,
CHAPLAIN MILBURN
PROSTRATED BY HEAT
LINCOI«N. Aug. 3.— Dr. W. H. Milburn.
the blind chaplain of the t'nited States
Ser.ru* . was prostrated by sunstroke and
fell unconscious this afternoon while de
livering a lecture at the Nebraska Ep
worth Assembly at Lincoln Park. He
was brought to this city and revived un
DR. RADER DENOUNCES
THE PHILIPPINE WAR
"God May Be Upon the Firing Line," He Says,
"But I Do Not Believe It."
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 3.— "lt is said
that the anchor of the battleship
lowa has been sunk deep in the
waters of San Francisco Bay.
Much graver and more important
is the statement of a legion of repre
sentative American citizens that the
iron anchor of the Declaration of Inde
pendence has been sunk out of sight in
the mud of politics. I am not bo sure
that their words are not right. Ladies
and gentlemen. God may be upon the
firing line of the Philippines, but I do
not believe it."
In impassioned words and with vehe
ment gesture expressing firm convic
tion in the truth of his utterances. Rev.
Dr. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Church of San Fran
cisco, stood in the pulpit of the Prpsby
frian Church of this city to-night and
denounced the policy of the adminis
tration "in the present war. The ex
tract heading this article forms one of
hiß most vigo'roua utterances. During
his sermon, which came as a surprise,
a pin could have been heard to drop,
and at the conclusion the audience
burst into long continued applause.
The occasion was the fiftieth quar
terly convention of the Golden Gate
Union of the Christian Endeavorer*. the
eloquent preacher being scheduled to
deliver a sermon upon the subject of
"Our Personal Responsibility to Our
Country." His first utterance way that
the citizens of the American republic
are living in troublous times, a
period when every man should watch
the signs of the times, a day when the
dally papers are almost as indispensa
ble as the Bible.
"I knew a boy," he continued, "who
at the beginning of the war in the
Philippines was the most skillful ath
lete In the Christian organization of
which he was a member. His eyes
sparkled with animation, and his
cheeks glowed with perfect health. He
went to war. Some time later I was
preaching to a body of young soldiers
about to leave for Manila, and telling
them to fight for God and their coun
try, when that boy came In and stood
fler the care of a physician. To-night he
Is much improved and thf doctors look for
an almost complete recovery in time.
Suicide With Morphine.
MARYSVM.I.K. Aug. .'..-John Carey, a
teamster, committed suicide in his room
in the Golden Eagle Hotel this evening
iking paorpblne. He had been on a
protracted apree. Three sisters reside in
Nevada « lounty.
REV. DR. WILLIAM RADER.
before us. His sunken eyes. his
shrunken frame his limping step, and
the cane on which he leaned, were a.
material condemnation of McKinley, <-f
Otis, of everybody who has had any
thing to do with promoting this ter
rible war. I stopped preaching and
thought a while. I have thought since
then, and ladies and gentlemen, I tell
you that if God is upon the firing line
of the Philippines, I cannot see it."
Turning his attention to war rs a
generic theme. Dr. Rader declared the
Peace Conference of the Czar of Rus
sia would result in nothing. The world,
in his opinion, is hungering ior war,
and will have it. He believed that the
nations of the earth are trembling on
the verge of the bloodiest warfare ever
known in the history of mankind— a
FLAMES PLAY HAVOC
IN A RUSSIAN TOWN
BT. PETKRSBI'RG, Aug. 3.— The west
ern part of the town of Grodno, capita!,
of the government of the same name,
southwest of Vilna, has been destroyed by
fire. A temporary military hospital and
numerous public and privata buildings
have been swept away.
I struggle that will test the capacity for
suffering and horror of every man,
woman and child in civilized climes.
"I would like 1 to say pleasant things
and tickle your fancies," he continued,
"but my Americanism and my con
science will not let me do it. Under the
! present condition of affairs there can
not fail to be a political revolution in
the United States within five years'
time. Trusts and bossism, anarchy and
• agnosticism are factors leading to a
i revolution, but the doctrine of expan
sion deserves mention in the same cate
; gory. But I am not wholly pessimistic.
I The groan of every dying soldier, the
I crack of every death-dealing rifle is
but a harbinger of the time when there
will be no war, of the time when all
people will live together in the perfect
unity of God."
The Endeavorers arrived here 500
strong at 8 p. m. and marched to the !
Presbyterian church singing hymns of j
praise. President Charles M. Whitney'
offioiatr-d as chairman at the confer
ence. The praise service was led by Dr.
G. G. Vanderlip of San Rafael, the
Scripture reaoing and prayer by Rev.
William Marshall of San Rafael. Re-
ports showing, the union to be flourish
ing: were read by Secretary Hattie M.
Hall and Treasurer J. ML Thompson.
George B. Littlefield spoke on the sub
ject of "Floating Work" and State
j President J. A. Wells on "California
and Christian Endeavor."
The consecration service was led by
Rev. Dr. E. G. Mathena of Olivet Pres
byterian Church. An offertory solo was
rendered by Miss Ella Shaver and
speeches were made by President Lyons
of the Alameda Union, Dr. Ward of the
Placer County Union. Delegate Bingham
of the Placer County Union and Miss
Arthur, secretary of the British Colum
bian Union.
At the conclusion of the exercises the
speakers, officers and delegates were
banqueted in the basement of the
church by the local union. They re
turned to San Francisco by a special
narrow-gauge train at 10:30 p. m.
MANY AMERICANS
ARE IN DANGER
Two Thousand Miners in Mexico
Threatened by the War
like Yaquis*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CABAS GRANDEP, STATE OF
CHIHUAHUA, MEXICO. Aug.
3. — A party of several American
miners arrived here to-day direct
from the Upper Yaqui River
country. They were driven out by ma
rauding bands of Yaqui Indians.
Tom Harvell, one of the members of
the party, stated that there are prob
ably 2000 American miners and pros
pectors scattered through the Yaqui
country, and that their lives are In )m- ,
minent danger, as the Indians are
growing bolder and more desperate
each day. He states that the news of
the bloody outbreak among the Yaquis
in the lower valley of the Yaqui River
had not reached the upper part of the
stream when he left, and that as soon
as such news is received by the scat
! tered bands of Indians in the placer
mining region they will massacre every
1 white man along the river. He esti
mates that there are fully sOno Mcxi
i can troops to conquer them if they are
'■ enabled to reach their former strong
COEUR D'ALENE MINE
AGENT DRIVEN OUT
DENVER, Aug. 3.— Daniel Connell. a
Coeur d'Alene mine agent, who was en
df nvoring to get miners to go to the Idaho
fields and who was attacked by a gang of
m»n at ('ripple <"reek station on Tuesday
night and carried away, was located in
Denver to-day.
"I was taken in charge at the depot by
three men," h» said, "and hustled along
Florence and Cripple Creek tracks, south
of the Rio Grande sampler, and then up
over Gold Hill to the head of Grassy
Gulch. From there I was taken to the
edge of the town of Gillett and my captors
toM me to leave the country on the first
train in the morning. "While under the
charge of the three men I was informed
several times I would be killed. They
threatened to take me to Altman and
burn me alive."
Corcoran Asks for New Trial.
WALLtACE, Aug. 3.— The attorneys for
Paul Corcoran, convicted of the murder
of James Cheyne during the riot at Ward
ner In April, have filed a motion for a
new trial.
BETROTHAL OF LADY
RANDOLPH CHURCHILL
LADY RANDOLPH CHURCHILL.
COWES. Augr. 3— The sensation of the day in the yachting world assem
bled here was the announcement of the engagement of Lady Randolph
Churchill to Lieutenant G. F. M. Cornwallis West, son of the famous beauty.
Lady Cornwallis West. It is said that the marriage will occur in November
next Lieutenant Cornwallis West is tall and good looking and very closely
resembles his sister. Princess Henry of Pless. Lady Randolph Churchill and.
her son. Lieutenant Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill, have apartments
at the Marine Hotel.
Comte and Cnmtesse de Castellane entertained them and the Prince of
Wales at dinner this evening on board their steel yacht Valhalla. Music
was supplied by a Hungarian band and the "Musical Japanese." Among the
euests were the Duchess de Luynes, Madame de Gallifet. Mrs. Arthur
Paget, Lady Randolph Churchill and Hon. Sidney Robert Greville, private
secretary to the Marquis of Salisbury.
The "yacht dinner table was extravagantly decorated with flowers, but at
the special request of the Prince of Wales the meal was as simple as pos
sible as his Royal Highness is disinclined to sit long at dinner.
Covers were laid for twenty. The deck of the Valhalla was converted
into a regular saloon, with carpets, artistic chairs and festoons of electric
lights. Roses and carnations were hung on the same wires all over the
Arthur Paget has given up Morris Castle and is now staying on board
the Valhalla. This evening there wa»a brilliant display of fireworks. The
yachts were illuminated. The principal set pieces were portraits of Sir
Thomas Lipton, Mr. Thornycroft and Mr. Fife and the motto, "Good Luck
to Shamrock." Mr. Martineaux. marine painter for the Queen, who is on
board the Erin, will paint "The Shamrock En Route" for Sir Thomaa Up
ton.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
hold in the Sahuaripa range of moun
tains.
The Yaquis have never been con
quered. They quit fighting and signed
a treaty of peace with the Mexican
Government of their own accord two
yean ago, and it is claimed that the
present uprising would not havp oc
curred had not Mexican citizens at
tempted to encroach upon the land
which had been granted them by the
Government.
It is known, however, that during the
two years that the Indians have been
•at peace they have been quietly invest
ing their savings in arms and ammuni
tion and that they are now better pre
pared than ever before for a long and
active campaign.
Two regiments of Mexican cavalry
! are on their way here. They will hf*
sent overland to the upper section of
the Yaqui country, and used to drive
; out the Indians from their stronghold
- in the mountains.
SUED BY THE ESTATE
OF CHARLES F. REED
AT'BURN. Aug. ?,.— The executors of th*
Charks F. Heed estate have filed suit for
}I(Ym»vi damage? against E. A. WUtsee of
San Francisco, the Siberia mining expert.
The complaint alleges damages In the.
amount named were caused by the mis
management of the Gold Blossom an.l
Drummond mining properties, In which
both parties are Interested.
Veteran Telegrapher Dead.
PI,ArERVIT.I.K. auet. I.— Albert Galla
tln Stewart, a pioneer of this State, died
at noon to-day after a long Illness of
heart disease. Mr. Stewart was one of
the oldest employes of th.c Western T'nion
Telegraph Company on the Pacific Coast
He had been the manager of the com
pany's office In this city for nearly forty
years. A widow, two daughters and a
son survive him.
German Empress Departs.
BERCHLESGADEX, Bavaria. Aug. 8 —
The Empress of Germany left here this
afternoon for Wtlhelmshohe. Her Majesty
received a popular ovation.2
WEDS AT THE AGE OF
NINETY-TWO YEARS
David Davis of Summerland Leads to the
Altar a Blushing Bride Who Has
Seen Eighty-six Summers.
9 SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 3.— Extreme old age did not prevent Da- @
* vid Davis and Mrs. Lucy Bennett, both from Summerland, enjoying g
° their few remaining years in wedded bliss. Their wedding was an- *>
£■ nounced last Sunday morning, much to the surprise of every one and P
<v" against the wishes of their children. . ' £>
O The groom is 92 years of age and has been a spiritualist lecturer for •£>
S> nearly seventy years. The bride is SG years old. Both have sons, daugh- ¥
* ters and grandchildren, all of whom are married and have large faml- J>
& lies. Davis is a native of Virginia and was known as the youngest £
1" lecturer in that State He took to the stump when only 20 years old «$>
V and always electrified his audiences by his witty speeches. He came o
p ; west during the gold excitement in '49 and resided in I,"s Angeles, from £
r> which place he removed to Summerland. $
« Here he met his bride. After seven years of courtship and wooing 0
$* they finally agreed to spend their remaining years as husband and wife. ±
«i» t a •• •:• • •> > ©•oy<>*0•o•o •<'-■•> • 6 ; o•kho •• cm o •? o i -o •o ♦ o^o^ -o<f>o*o^#
EXODUS FROM
COPPER RIVER
Starving Miners Leave
the District. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 3.— C. F. Periolat. a
late arrival from Copper River and Cooks
Inlet. Alaska, reports that on last Satur
tmer Dora arrived at Juneau
with a large number of sick and impover
ished miners from Copper River.
"The trail from YaMes to Copper Rlv
er," sni'i Periolat, "has been completed
and the old trail over the glaciers aban
"To ail Impoverished miners in this dis
trict the Government is giving employ
ment and $50 a month and board until
• ■ : to pay for a
l-class passage home. All of the
fnirvy sid; are being sent out fr< c.
"In the early part of .Inly four bodies
wen- found In the sound at Yaldes. They
river with the broken
ice, but were so badly decomposed that
, .. ation was impossible.
"In .. . man and a woman who
. from Denver were drowned in the
X ik while beating. The body of the
woman was recovered later and $70
gold token from the clothing. The mans
was not found. His name was
- ley.
"Miners are leaving Cooks Inlet on
every boat, and few now remain in the
interior."
CarJtain Abercrombie, who, with a de
tachmeni of Boldiers, is driving a trail
up the Copper River to' the Tanana coun
try, will have opened about 100 miles by
the time the season ■
TERHUNE FAVORS THE
EIGHT-HOUR LAW
Testimony Before the Industrial
Commission at Salt Lake
City.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 3.— Superintendent
Terhune of the Hanauer Smelting \Y<>rk<|
was before th»- sub-committee of the In
dustrial Commission this morning. He
was questioned generally on the mining
try of the State. He thought the in
dustry was in a prosperous condition and
much advanced over the condition twenty
H- spoke favorably of the
eight-hour law. He said there were no
labor unions in the State and that the
men seemed to be satisfied with their con
dition. Referring to trusts, he said he
din nut favor any conditions that destroy
ed competition.
A. Hanauer. manager of the Hanauer
Smelter, was before the committee, in the
vie <>n the lines
of the witnesses heard yesterday. He.
however, did not approve of the eight
hour law being applied to the smelters,
but Bald thai the law was all right so far
as it applied to mines. He thought a ten
hour day was preferable t" smelters. He
believed that there was more profit in
mining silver at present with silver at 60
per ounce than when silver v.
cents ;ier ounce, owing to the reduced
cost of supplies. He did not believe the
smelter combine would work any injury
to the mining industry-
MAZET BOARD EXAMINES
COMMISSIONER LANTRY
No Sensational Evidence Was Elic*
ited, but Some Interesting In
formation Was Obtained.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.- -The morning ses
slon of the Mazet committee was largely
given over to the examination of Francis
S. Lantry, commissioner of correction, as i
to the methods adopted by the now fa
mous architectural firm of Horgan & Slat- '
tery in their dealings with the Depart
ment of Correction.
Nothing sensational was elicited, though
the interesting fact was brought out that j
one of the witness' objections to the em- j
ployment of Withers and Diekson. the i
architects, was that United States Sena- \
tor Hanna had written letters reeom- I
mending an Ohio iron company which
they represented. . During the afternoon :
a number of members of the Municipal j
Council appeared before the committee
and explained their views on the ques
tion? relating to the double municipal af»- \
sembly. There was a wide difference of i
opinion among them as to the value of the !
second house.
Ice Plant for Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 3.— Marysville is
assured a cold storage and ice plant. The
agent of an Eastern company to-day pur
chased the Coughlan nursery on Ninth
and A streets as a site for the establish
ment. Kuildings to cost $40,000 will be
erected.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money i:s in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of peopl* are
using it.
HARVEY CASE TO
BE INVESTIGATED
Grand Jury to Take Up
Charges.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 3.— The allegations
of bribery made by Mrs. J. P. Roberts in
Uon with the trial of Joe Harvey
on a charge of conducting a banking gum?
In his poolrooms at Sauflalito have re
ceived such consideration from District
Attorney Mclsaac that the matter will
be laid before the Grand Jury for investi
gation by that body at its next session.
When Mrs. Roberts' statement was made
public to-day a sensation was created,
not so much on account of the charge of
bribery but because of the prominence
of the persons alleged to be concerned In
the affair.
For seme time, the woman says, she
has had good reason to suspect that her
husband was enamored of Mrs. Josephine
Nelson, the wife of a contractor now in
Chicago. On one occasion she followed
him to a place near Schuetzen Park and
caused considerable gossip by chasing
him with a club. Her tale of unfaithful
ness borne out in many respects,
among the bits of evidence in her posse
sion being a note to her . husband which
she claims is in the handwriting of Mrs.
Nelson This note Is written on one of
Roberts 1 own billheads, with the headlines
torn off, and is signed "G. M. Grosse."
In it Roberts is requested to meet the
writer at the Oakland ferry at h p. m.
in regard to securing a piece of work at
San Leandro.
When the wife first visited the authori
ties it was m. rely to get out a warrant
for her husband on the charge of cruelty,
she taking this means to have him
brought back to Pan Rafael. Later she
discovered that Mrs. Nelson had recently
fallen heir to an estate valued at $40,000
by the death of an uncle in Chicago, and
then determined to sue her for alienation
of Roberts' affection. Finally she be
came worked up to such a pitch of in
dignation in brooding over her alleged
wrongs thar she concluded to be revenged
and went to the authorities with the tale
that Trustee A. Sylva of Sausalito had
procured $60 from Harvey, which was
given to ex-Sheriff Harrison, now chip,
engineer at San Quentin Prison, for dis
tribution among three jurors— Roberts.
Ramon Valencia and a man whose name
sh*- has forgotten. These facts, she
claims, were divulged to her by her hus
band while he was partially Intoxicated.
Mrs -Roberts is frank to admit that ncr
motive in charging bribery is reven^
she says she would far r<uher see her
husband behind the walls of San Quentin
than in the company of Mrs. nelson.
Nevertheless, her tale is given credence
by the authorities for several reasons.
She is not an educated woman and could
hardly have Invented so plausible a tale,
while the statements mad.: simply bear
out suspicions harbored for some time.
"The evidence given against Harvey was
so plain " said District Attorney Mclsaac
to-day "that I was mystified when the
jury 'was so quick to acquit. Tales of
bribery were rumored at the time, but
Mrs. Roberts has furnished the first tan
gible evidence, and we now have some
thing on which to work. The matter shall
be laid before the Grand Jury, and I am
confident that we shall be able to get
enough evidence to 'make it warm' for
several persons."
Sheriff Taylor says he does not doubt
bribery was committed, though he will
not pretend to say who were the agents
employed. He thinks it possible that some
of the jurors left out at first may have
sent to Harvey afterward and demanded
their share of the spoils. He has been
busily at work to-day trying to obtain
evidence and has taken the statements of
several persons. Ramon Valencia, one of
the accused men,. denies vigorously that
he ever received or asked for a cent, and
further claims that he knows of nobody
else who received any money.
Despite Harvey's denial that he knew
Roberts until the latter introduced him
self on a ferryboat, he admitted to Mrs.
Roberts in Sausallto that he knew her
husband well but had not seen him for
weeks. He said the last time he had seen
Roberts the two had walked up Market
street together. Roberts was frequently
seen in Harvey's poolrooms at Sausallto
after the trial.
Late last evening the alleged erring hus
band came to this city and went to the
Hotel Rafael. He told an acquaintance
that his intention was to collect a bill.
He remained there only a few minutes
t.nd managed to leave town on the 10:13
p. m. train before the authorities could
tee him. He slipped Into his own house
while bib wife was at a neighbor's and
meeting his young son there told him he
Intended never to return home again but
would procure a divorce from his wife
because of the things she had said against
him. When Mrs. Roberts heard or this
she rushed down to the West End station
with the intention of intercepting him,
but he succeeded in evading her. To-day
she again visited District Attorney Mc
lsaac and had a long consultation with
him. She afterward refußed to say what
she had told that official, saying that she
had been cautioned to keep what had oc
curred a secret.
HOT WAVE STRIKES
EASTERN STATES
Weather Report Shows St. Louis to j
Be the Hottest City in the
Country.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— According to the I
Weather Bureau St. Louis was the hot- !
test city in the United States to-day. The !
maximum temperature was reached at 4 j
o'clock this afternoon, when the thermom- !
eter at the Weather Bureau Office, on top
of the Custom-house, registered 99 de
grees. At the same time several ther
mometers in the street showed the mer
cury at 105.
DES MOINEB, Aug. 3.— To-day was the
hottest of the year, the official tempera
ture being 92 degrees. lowa points report '
as high as 100 degrees.
Nicasio Parlor's Offlceite.
NICASIO, Aug. B— Grand District Dep
uty Thomas P. Boyd visited here Wednes
day evening in company with William
Llchtenberg and Installed the following
officers of Nicasio Parlor No. 183, Native
Sons of the Golden West: President, J.
A. Mclsaac; first vtoa president, R. M.
Steadman; second vice president, Hugh J.
Mclsaac; third vice president, John Mc-
Donald: recording and financial secretary,
B. T. Miller; treasurer, Frank Rogers;
marshal, Jesse Cornwall; trustees,
Thomas Redding, J. A. Mclsaac and John
McDonald. The Sequoia Parlor, N. S. G.
W. f has Invited the Nlcaslo Parlor to a
picnic to be given at Camp Taylor on
August 6, the invitation being heartily
accepted- "\
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.
CARRABELLE
WIPED OFF
THE MAP
Awful Havoc of the Storm
on the Gulf Coast of
Florida. /
MANY VESSELS LOST
Fifteen Men Who Were Fishing
on Dog Island Cannot
Be Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAL.L.AHASSKE. (Fla.), Aur. 3.— The
first train In Binoe Monday from Carra
belle, through the storm-stricken pulf ;
const section, reached here this after- j
noon. The train crew and passengers j
nprree in stating that reports sent out
of the destruction wrought by the I
storm have been extremely moderate.
Carrabelle is literally wiped from the
map. Her docka and wharves, contain
ing :iln>ut 400.000 feet of lumber and
about 50.000 barrels, were swept away.
Thirteen or fourteen lurge lumber ves
sels in the bay were swept ashore and |
are now lying well upon the dry land, i
These vessels contained several mil- !
lion feet of lumber. No information Is |
obtainable as to the loss of life from |
these vessels or from the large fleet of |
fishing boats in the neighborhood.
Only two or three huts are left, stand- \
ing in Carrabelle and one colored man
is known to have been killed by the |
falling of a house. Citizens of Carra
belle are in a state of wild confusion
and are flocking in every direction for
relief. The town is isolated and the
wires are still down.
The towns of Mclntyre and Curtis i
Mill are demolished and large interests .
have been destroyed. The coast re
sorts Teresa and Lenark, are more ser
lously wrecked than at first reported
and visitors have suffered great hard
ships, though no loss of life Is yet
known.
Fifteen mtn, paid to have been seen j
fishing on an islet called Dog Island,
just before the storm broke, cannot be
found.
STUDIED SOCIOLOGY
IN EASTERN CITIES
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith Returns to
Stanford Laden With New
Ideas.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Ausr. S.-
Mrs. Miry Roberts Smith, assistant pro
fessor of sociology at Stanford, returned
to the university to-. lay after an absence
on Wave of fourteen months. . The time
' ha? been spent principally in study and in
practical sociological work. Last summer
attended the New York School of
Philanthropy, a new venture and the
. only ore . f its sort in the country. It
is conducti-d by the Charity Organization
; Society of New York City and is fur the
! purpose of teaching applied philanthropy
! to advanced students.
The method of the school is novel but
veil adapted to its purpose. During the
morning the students discuss practical
: questions relating to their work and listen
1 to addresses by experts on the different
1 subjects, principally men who are act
ually connected with public Institutions,
■ such as politicians ami beads of hospitals,
asylums prisons and the various institu
tions of the city for the care of children.
Following these' talks the students immt
: diately visited the institutions Ulustrat
i ing the lecture. In this way about a hun
dred institutions were visited and invtsti
; gated during the summer.
At the same time each student carried
!on Independent practical investigation,
i each choosing some phase of New ork
1 city life and making a careful study of it.
' Mrs. Smith's subject was the Police
Courts and their relation to the poor,
, watching especially the treatment of the
' poor and of the juveniles who come up
before the Judges. The entire work of
I the school Is of such a practical and bene
ficial Hort that it is sure to be continued
I and its example followed in other large
: cities.
From September to February Mrs.
Smith was at Wellealey College, Massa
: chusetts. where she delivered courses of
! lectures and at the same time investigated
various New England Institutions, es
'■ pecially those about Boston, in the same
manner as In New York. During the re
i mainder of the year she was at Cornell
! University, studying social statistics with
! Professor Walter wilcox, who has re
■ cently been appointed expert statistician
to the United States Census.
Mrs. Smith has returned early to finish
a work on social statistics which will be
published this fall by the ■ American In
stitute of Statistics.
Mrs. Smith Ib a member and director of
■ the San Francisco Settlement Association,
| and the results of her study In the East
I will probably find application in the work
| of the association.
Miss Clelia D. Mosher. formerly instrue
-1 tor in hygiene and organic training at
i Stanford, who has been studying at Johns
Hopkins University, returned with Mra.
I Smith.
THREE INNOCENT MEN
LYNCHED FOR MURDER
[ Wiley Bunn, a Negro, Confesses That
He Killed Allen Martin in
Arkansas.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 3.— Wiley Bunn,
a negro, has surrendered to the police of
East St. Louis, confessing the murder of
Allen Martin at Surumerfield, Ark., and
already arrangements have been made to
return him to Calhoun County, Arkan
■ <=as, to stand trial for his crime. Since he
surrendered it has beon learned from Ar
kansas that three men had been lynched
I for the murder, each In turn having been
I identified as Bunn. Bunn Bays he is
! aware of this and also of the probability
he also will be lynched, but he said ho
would go back without requisition papers
and face the issue.
The murder was one of the most cold
blooded ever committed in that county,
and occurred six years ago. The men
were crop partners and had a dispute
over a trifling matter. Bunn borrowed :i
neighbor's gun and blew off the top of
! Martin's head. Two negroes named
! Ware, who were supposed to have been
implicated in the murder, were lynched,
and a third negro who was belteved until
now to have been Wiley Dunn was shot
dead during a fight with officers.
• Bunn has been living in St. Clair Coun
ty, Illinois, for several years under tho
name George Washington,.
Fund for a Town Clock.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 3.— During the fire
which destroyed the Odd Fellows' build-
Ing the town clock was burned, leaving
the city without a public horologe. The
citizens are determined to have a new
one, and Professor Witney, Postmaster
Lincoln and L. L. Fargo have placed in
the postoffice and hotels boxes for the re
ception of gifts. • To-morrow night fifty
young men are to give a minstrel per
formance at the opera-house for the bene
fit of the town clock fund. On Saturday,
August 12, the Surf announces, thero will
be an excursio-n to Spreckels' sugar fac
tory at Salinas, Hotel del Monte, Monte
rey, and Pacific Grove, the profits from
which are to accrue to the benefit of the
fund.
Mrs. Lederer Sues for Divorce.
WOODLAND. Aug. B.— Mra. Caroline
Lederer. who waa so bruta.ly stabbed and
had such a narrow escape from death on
July 18, haß brought an action for di
vorce from her knife-wielding husband.
DR. MOORE MAY SUCCEED
LATE BISHOP NEWMAN
DR. DAVID H. MOORE of Cincinnati is being urged by his friends as
a candidate for the position left vacant in Methodist church man
agement by the death of Bishop Newman. Dr. Moore is editor of the
Western Christian Advocate. He was borr. on a farm near Athens,
Ohio, in 1840. In 1860 young Moore graduated from the Ohio State
University, and entered the ministry. When the war broke out he enlisted
as a private soldier, and rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel. When the
war was over he returned to the ministry.
AN ALLIANCE IN
SOUTH AMERICA
Significance of the Visit
of Roca.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUENOS AYRES, Auc 3.—Presi
dent Ro.a, accompanied by the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, the
Minister of War and the Minis
ter <>f Marine, thirty Senators
and Deputies and a number of journal
ists, embarked yesterday on board the
armored cruiser San Martin for Bra
zil.
MONTEVIDEO, Aug. 3.— President
Roca and his party, on board the Ar
gentine cruiser San Martin, arrived
here to-day to visit President Cuestas
of Uruguay <>n Ms way to Brazil. This
evening President Roca was present at
a banquet given in his honor. He ex
pects to leave to-morrow.
LONDON, August 3.— The Times pub
lished a disyateh from Butros Ayres,
July 2. saying that President Roca of
the Argentine Republic would leave
that country about the middle of July
for Uruguay and Brazil with the inten
tion of inviting the Presidents of those
republics to meet at Buenos Ayres in
the autumn and confer with the Presi
dent, S'^nor Errazuriz, on the question
cf reducing South American arma
ments. It was added that he would also
propose an alliance of the four repub
lics.
A dispatch from London to the Asso
ciated Press, August 1, gave the sub
stance of a message sent by the corre
spondent of the Morning Post to his
paper. He said: "According to news
received here the victory over Spain
and the growth of imperialism In the
United States has led the large South
American republics to talk of an alli
ance against the United Scates, and it
is alleged that the preliminaries of such
an alliance have been concluded be
tween Brazil and Argentina."
CHURCHMEN TO GATHER
AT LYTTON SPRINGS
Union Camp-Meeting Initiative to
the Founding of a Christian
Resort.
LYTTON SPRINGS. Aug. 3.— An effort
is being made to establish at Lytton
Springs a great interior Christian resort
similar to Clifton Springs, New York.
This has long been the desire of the own
ers of the property, wtiich comprises 1100
acres of wooded hills and dales, abounding
'in soda and seltzer springs. A magnificent
hotel, twelve cottages and other buildings
are already upon the grounds, forming a
nucleus for many to follow.
The first step toward tha desired end
will be in the nature of a union camp
meeting, which will be opened August 19,
to be conducted by eminent ministers,
i missionaries and Christian workers of
! different denominations from San Fran
i Cisco Oakland and Los Angeles. For this
j meeting, which will continue until Sep
j tember 1, a roomy tabernacle is being pru-
I pared beneath the wide spreading oaks
! Just above the seltzer spring, where seat
ing will be provided for 2000 people. Those
desiring to "camp out" during the meet-
Ing can have choice of location free. Re
duced ratea have also been scheduled at
'■ the hotel and cottages. The California
\ and Northwestern Railway has granted
: a round-trip rate of one and a third fare
i during the camp-meeting.
Pioneer Woman Called.
WOODLAND. Aug. 3.— Mrs. Mary Dam
eron died on her farm near Madison at
8 o'clock this morning. She was a native
of Kentucky and 67 years of age. Her
husband died four years ago. Mrs. Dain
eron was a sister of W. Y. and Robert
Browning and one of the best-known and
most highly esteemed residents of 1010
County. She was a pioneer In the devel
opment and civilization of Yolo County,
of which she was a resident for nearly a
half century. The funeral will take place
on Friday, "August 4, and Interment will
bo in Cottonwood Cemetery, near Madi
son.
Enormous Fruit Crops.
VISALIA, Aug. B.— One hundred and
alxty-nlne care of green fruit have been
shipped from Vlsalla 80 far this neason.
The cannery here has a payroll of 480
persons. The fruit crops In Tulare County
are enormous this year. •
John Kelly Dead.
NEW YORK, Aug. B.— John Kelly, the
Tammany leader and sporting man, better
known as "Smiling John" Kelly, died to
day, aged 55 years. He la said to have
been Hichurd Croker'a cloaeet friend.
SHOWERS AND AN
ELECTRIC STORM
Rain in the San Joaquin
Valley.
Pp*"~lal Plspatrh to The Tall.
STOCKTON, Aug. 3.— After threatening
manifestations overhead all day two
brisk showers fell this afternoon shortly
before 6 o'clock. Rainfall at this time of
year caused the "oldest inhabitants" to
Jog rhoii memory for a recollection of a
similar occurrence. There was a general
apprehension lest the showers would work
an injury to such crops a.* remain unhar
vepted. Reports from the country were,
however, reassuring. Some grain will
shell and In other localities it will re
quire a few days' sun upon the fields to
dry the grain before harvest can he pro
ceeded with. On the lowlands and islands
which are being devastated by peat flres
the rtin will be a great benefit, as it was
sufllcfent to con) the warm crust, lessen
the danger of field fins and give an op
portunity to harvest without danger of in
terruption.
LODI. Aug. 3.— One of the most severe
electrical storms of recent years passed
over here this afternoon. No particular
damage was done except to telephone
lines. They wore practically useless all
afternoon. A lineman was kept busy
keeping the wires in operation, as every
lightning amster here and in the office
at Wooabridge was burned out. The
lightning, flashing continually, kept the
arresters burning out constantly and
caused consternation with the operators.
J. H. Lillie, the local manager, -while put
ting in new arresters at Woodbridge, hail
his hand burned by an unusually heavy
discharge from a lightning flash.
MILTON, Aug. S. — To-day has been
cloudy and threatening. Rain and show
ers have fallen in places In the vicinity.
It is not expected much of a storm will
prevail, nor is one desired, as the entire
crop Is now exposed, including hay and
grain, which is about half harvested. The
damp weather prevailing for the last week
has retarded harvesting.
MERCED, Aug. 3.— At 7 o'clock this
evening Mercod was visited by a heavy
shower of rain, accompanied by thunder
and lightning. All day threatening clouds
have been lurking in the skies and at
sundown it commenced to rain, ceasing
for short intervals only. About .21 of an
inch fell. ]t will cause' quite a little dam
age to the fruit which is drying.
AUBURN, Aug. 3.— Auburn was visited
by a light shower this morning.
"WOODLAND. Aug. S.— A heavy shower
this evening will stop harvesting for a day
or more. Dry feed was slightly damaged.
GOVERNMENT SURVEY
OF ALASKAN BOUNDARY
Former Prosecutor Sh-eridan Says It
Has Been Ooing On for Over
Two Years.
SEATTLE, Aug. 3.— According to the
statement of Philip Sheridan, formerly
Crown prosecutor at Dawson, the United
States has had surveyors at work for
the past two years on the Alaskan boun
dary line.
He said: "I came out from Dawson with
a man named Joseph Haines, or Hayes,
who for two years has been at work on
a survey extending the southern bound
ary of Alaska to the Yukon River and 1
have every reason to believe that his
work was done under the direction or the
United States Government.
"I learned from him that he has been
engaged for two years making a topogra
phical survey of the line in question and
that he came out on the Yukon at Fort
Cudahy. He is an Eastern man, his home
being at Harlem, New York."
PRINCETON CAPTURES
A BRITISH VESSEL
Taken to Manila on the Suspicion
That She Was a Filibus
ter.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— A Sun cable from
London says: Advices received here from
Manila say that the British steamer Flor
ida, a vessel of forty tons, from Hong
kong, was captured in the Gulf of Ling
ayen on June 25 by the United States war
ship Oregon and the gunboat Princeton
on th% suspicion that she was a filibuster.
Her*papers, however, were found to be
correct, but the Princeton took the vessel
to Manila, where It is intended to hold
an inquiry.
Attacked by a Tame Deer.
CHTCO. Aug. 3.— A tame deer attacked
John Martin of this city this afternoon
and the man was dangerously wounded
before assistance arrived. The deer had
escaped from Its pasture and Martin at
tempted to capture It. The animal be
came enraged and turned on Martin,
knocking him down and Jumping upon
him until It was driven away by several
men armed with clubs. The deer will be
killed.
Coyotes Are Numerous.
WOODLAND, Aug. B.— The sheep indus
try of Yolo County Is seriously menaced.
Eighteen coyotes were killed during the
month of July.
SIX NEW
REGIMENTS
RECRUITED
Additional Officers Sent to
Rural Districts to Hurry
the Work.
THE NEwTrIGADIER
Names of Several Candidates Before
the President, but He Will De
lay the Appointment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ T
♦ "U r ASHINGTON, Aug. Ma- ♦
■♦- jor General Lawton is to have -f
+• command of^ all the f, cavalry ♦
■f troops in th% Philippines when -f
+ the active campaign opens in ♦
+ the fall. The plan of campaign .+
♦ decided upon by Major General ♦
+ Otis contemplates a larger use ♦
-f of cavalry than in the last cam- ♦
•f paign. He already has in the ♦
-f Philippines the entire Fourth ■♦■
■♦• Cavalry. "♦"
■♦■ He has been authorized to or- +
■♦■ ganize one of the provisional ♦
-f. regiments in the Philippines as -f
-f cavalry and eight companies of -f
♦ the Third Cavalry are under or- ♦
-f ders for Mai-ila. It is probable -f
■♦■ that other regiments will be sent +
■f out, so as to give General Law- •♦•
•f ton a strong' cavalry force. +
1 - ' L
+♦ ♦♦♦+♦♦♦++♦ -
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Aug. 3.— Six of the ten new volunteer
regiments are recruited to nearly their
full complement. Returns received at
the War Department up to last night
show a total force of 9052, leaving less
than 5000 men yet to be enlisted.
This is the way each regiment stands
up to last returns: Twenty-sixth In
fantry, Plattsburg Barracks, 1124;
Twenty-seventh Infantry, Camp
Meade* . 1366; Twenty-eighth, Camp
Meade. 1049; Twenty-ninth, Fort Mc-
Pherson, 516; Thirtieth, Fort Sheridan v
1166; Thirty-first, Fort Thomas, 1352;
Thirty-second, Fort Leavenworth, 1034;
Thirty-third, Fort Sam Houston, 405;
Thirty-fourth, Fort Logan, 601; Thirty
fifth, Vancouver Barracks, 167; For
regiments recruiting in the Philippines,
253.
There has been a slight falling off in
the number of recruits during the past
few days and in order to make sure
i that all the regiments are filled within
j the allotted time, additional recruiting
j officers are being sent to the rural dis
tricts to hurry work along, especially
for those regiments which are slowly
; filling up. Three of the regiments
which are now practically full will be ■
ordered to San Francisco from their I
present stations about August 20.- The j
transports Grant, Sherman and Sheri
dan, which are now en route from the j
Philippines, are expected to be available
for these troops during the first week in
I September. Arrangements are being
perfected to have other transports
ready for the rest of the volunteers
within ten days thereafter. When the
full number of men have been secured
to complete the organization of the ten
| new regiments being enlisted in the
! United States and the three General
I Otis is recruiting in the Philippines the :
army of the United States will com
prise about 83,000 men.
The President will then have an op
portunity to appoint an additional brig
adier general. At the present time he
has the names of Colonel Sanger of the
Inspector General's Department and
Colonel Williston of the Third Artil- |
lery, who is now in the Philippines, un
der consideration for the place. He
will not make a decision, however, for
! some time, as it is thought not unlikely j
that something may develop in the J
Philippines to bring one of the officers j
i there to the front in a way which will .
j entitle him to recognition at the hands
i of the President.
ROOSEVELT UPHOLDS
PHILIPPINE POLICY
OCEAN GROVE, N. J.. Aup. 3.— Before
the Summer School of Theology to-night
Governor Theodore Roosevelt spoke on
the subject of "Practical Politics and De
cent Politics." In speaking of the ad
ministration's attitude In the Philippines
he said:
We put our pick Into the solid foundations of
Spanish government, both In the East and
West Indies. We tumbled the building down
In as righteous a war as ever was undertaken.
Now if we are to reach our place- among the
rreat nations of the earth we must see that
th<» ruins are cleared away and the temples of
justice and honesty reared in their places. We
Bhall be guilty of a terrible wrong to humanity
If in the Philippines we retreat before armed
savagery instead of organizing a suitable gov
ernment which shall guarantee justice to
every one and an ever-tncreasln* measure at
liberty to those who show themselves worthy
of It. The whole history of the world shows
that the wrong done by the mere sentimentalist
is often of larger proportions and more elastic
than any other kind of wrong, and of this kind
of wrong we shall be guilty If we fail to do
our task thoroughly and well. It will call for
but the mere fraction of our strength, provided
only we ohoose to exert that strength. If,
however, the pwple let their representative? in
Congress hamper the administration as they did
laFt winter whan they refused to put the army
upon a proper footing as to size, permanence
and organization, then the people have them
selves to thank if the war lingers while diffi
culties and dangers increase. What the peo
ple have to do is to resolve to baok up the
President to the fullest extent in seeing that
the outburst of savagery is repressed once for
all, and what is even o( more importance to
see that these new troi'ic islands in the east
and west alike are not left to be the prey of
partisans and spoilsmen, hut are governed pri
marily In the interest of the Inhabitants and
therefore ultimately for the honor and renown
of America.
FUNSTON WILL STAY IN
THE PHILIPPINES
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Aue\ 3.— A
letter from General Funston was received
by D. R. Anthony .Tr. of the Leaven worth
Times to-day. The general announces
that he will stay in the army until the
■war in the Philippines Is at an end and
will not muster out with his reeriment.
TROOPS TO SAIL ON
THE TRANSPORTS
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
from General E. S. Otis regarding the
movement of .transports:
"MANILA, Aug. 3.— Four transports in
harbor; cargoes discharged. Pennsyl
vania nearly coaled and takes on re
cruits; received organizations in southern
waters. Leaves 6th inst.; returns all men
discharged under General Orders No. 10.
Sheridan being coaled; leaves for San
•Francisco on the Sth hvt. with Montana
and South Dakota troops. Valenc anl
lealandla require 1200 tons coal; time of
sailing indefinite as approaching typhoon
intprferes." J==
Murderous Man With a Hoe.
CHICO Aug. 3.— At the Allen on-hard
near here Joseph Street last night at
tacked Charles Markham with a hoe. in
flating injuries which may prove fata
The men quarreled over the attentim i
Btreet wai paying to Markham a
daughter. Street mad.- his escape an
d capture.
MfSSS. lull
% frtiiffc -• 2 :/)11 n
HUDYAN IS GOOD. £ T
ALL DfiUCCISTS. \ fgj* t
Why do you court the d&ligera of. lirieht's
1 Disease, Diabetes or a breaking-down nf your
'. Kidneys," when a positive cure it within your
rea •' '.' Remember that HUDYAN is a sp»-
-! ciflc for all Kidney Diseases, because it never
fails" to. cure In. such cases.
If your kidneys are Weak or di<=f>a.=p.l. you
will observe as indicated by Fix. I— Hea.laehes
. F!«r 2— Sallow complexion and pufflness un-
der eyes. Fljr. 3— A clammy mouth, coated
tongue, and soßaetime| excesi thirst. Fi«.
4_f lutterlnp or palpitation of th« heart. Fieri
5— A poor appetite anii lmpairpf! Jigcption.
!pi 6 — Pain and weakness li hack.
The Mast named symptom Is usually fir?t tt
i warn you that serious disease is threatening
"TakP HTTDYAN," for HUD Is what
you need, if jour kidneys ar- weak or dis-
eased HtTDTAN rebuilds the kidney struc-
ture HUDTAN strengthei th* kiiln»y=.
HUDTAN stimulates them to perfect activity.
. . . HUDYAN euros,
] ■i •♦• and permanently too.
MEN AND HUDTAN has pro-
i I WOMEN longed the lives of;
I ADVISED thousands of men
I FREE &nA wurr.en. Have
I Pall o- Writp ynu not served that
; 1 LaH or Write. fatalities fronj kidney
! ■*■ *" disease are far less
! frequent since the discovery of the Ri-«at HI'D-
TAN? It is so. ■ ■ ..-.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— GOc a
package or six packages for $2 80,
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAX,
I send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
| cor. Htockton, Kills and Market sts., Ban
Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR- CASE, FREE np
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
000000000000000000
%™.f PALACE 'n-'l
%GRAND" OTELS %
Q SAN FRANCISCO Q
Connected by a covered passageway. .
O 1400 Room?— wi h Bnth Attached. O
i O All Under One Management. O
O HOTE THE PHICEB: O
i O European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward O
! f± American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward rt
I " Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATBICK, Xinagir. O
00000000000
IWiS3flvl
.
1 visit OP JORDAN'S great
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
i fwß 1051KABS£TST.lot.6±47tli,S.F.Cd.i
\ H^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A __JP\-__ World. Weaknesves or any contracted M
W tBXSm ft disease p^iltlv^lj' c«re£ by tlie oldest T
© |e9I bpecialistco tfaeCout Est. 36 year.' 9
A &¥gV\ OR. JORLAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
\ Vdan&S Consultation frre and strictly private. V
A g YSw^ B Tr * irment r^"<"' ; ' ll y ™by letter. A A
y B T Sill "' ' ne Curtm eveiy caseuniiert»ken. T
Ami! \m Write for Book. PHILOSUPBYcI
fI ,7 j"J HARIIIAUK, MAILED FREE, |.lf
A (A II valuable book for mm) \
f I»R J< RDAMACO , 1051 MarketSr.S. F. V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is- a Great • Restorative, Invignrator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac ana Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. AjfentP.
3?3 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
NbKVI 3 A LO st vigor.
IMCnvin #^ lost vigor,
t. 'mi AND MANHOOD
Gl^faf m ~\ Cures potency Night Emissionr and wasting
iHkjßfl diseases, all effects af sclf'jbus;-. or excess and
inaiscretioa A nerve-tonic aai blood-builder*
,\l <&¥ Brine* the pink glow to • pale hecks and re*
stores the Hre of youth. By maJ 500 pet
m&?P&L boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a wnttea
IMi?^^'fv l auarantee t0 curC or refund the money.
lkrv\ti IKcdlcat Co., CMntcn « Jackion «t«., Cl^^c3fl^
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S.F.
REYNOLD'S
Wk IB : Xt H I Few ptrsons nevd
'^L*' Bi lio conlined by
cd Xi i»W'^e is often sufficient.
X VoSnA CO.. 20-3O X. WllHauiSt..*- V.
TIERCE'S
ft,^ FAVORITE
pSCREPTION
M FOR WEABiWOMEM.
D"DTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
Dfi U uliLllJ •■"•'!«. bootblacks, bath-
***■■ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers; canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, . painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento £t.
\AI. T. HESS,
NOTABY PO3LIC AND ATTORNEY-Af-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldgr,
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California Bt., below Powell,
San Francisco. -
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. • ...
Price $1 a. bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Indian YeptaWe Pills
Are . acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE," GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, "Weak Storhach, Plr»-
-pleß and purify the blood.' >.r. , ■THE PHILIPPINES NO PLACE
FOR GOOD AMERICAN CITIZENS
Nebraska Volunteers Indorse
the Views of the Ore
gonians.
: OPINIONS OF THE NEBRASKA BOYS, :
PRIVATE WILLIAM BAXTER, Com- I
pany L— The Philippines are well populat
ed. In fact there are plenty of pc
there. There is also a large amount of
land that appears to be practically unoc
♦"^upied, but I do not know what opportu- ;
nlties there are for obtaining land for ag
riculture. A great deal of corn is raised
there and cth«-r crops. I suppose Ameri
can cereals could be raised to advantage.
Cattle and hogs are raised to some ex
tent, but I do not know whether the busi
ness could be carried on at a profit. Am
ericans cannot work there in our form of
agriculture: it Is too hot. The natives
and the Chines.; do all the bard work
at the present time. I do not think the
Islands would be profitable to this country
if the present system of contract labor
should be prohibited and our own labor
laws were extended to them. The climate
Is enervating and people of our race can
not live long and retain their energy un
impaired. I do not think the Filipinos
should be made citizens of the United
States, not for generations at least.
PRIVATE JOHN BENJAMIN, Com
pany I.— The Philippines are quite thickly
populated. Ido not know what the oppor
tunities for obtaining land for agricultu
ral purposes are. Americans cannot labor
there in our form of agriculture, owing
to the extreme heat. The Chinese and na
tives stand the climate best and do prac
tically all the hard work. Corn is raised
Jn good quantities and I believe other
American cereal? can also be raised to
advantage. If contract labor were ;
hlbited In the islands and our own labor 1
.laws extended to them I do not think this
t- untry would find the islands profitable. .
Tho climate is enervating and not suit
a->. le of our race. White men
cannot live there and preserve their en
ergy. I do not think the Filipinos should ,
dzens of the United States,
re altogether too treacherous a
Face.
ATE FRANK JUDSON, musi- j
c .; : :ion of the Philippines is that '
the; • I ' ilated and that they
ar I do not know what the op
pon :rf for obtaining land for acr
ri -:;erica-ns cannot work in that
■ ■ specially at farming, as it Is
In this country. The hard
work of all descriptions is done by the na-
X[\ the Chinese. Corn is raised
t); - ■ -:i . inferior quality.
\merican cereals, such as wheat
and oats, will not flourish there in my
• pinion, as there is too much moistum
. hot. I do not care to ex
ss my opinion as to what effect The en
r^ement of our labor laws and the pro
■ of contract labor in the islands
dd have. The climate is too enervat
ing for people of our race and white men ;
< anaot live there and retain their energy.
I do not think the Filipinos should be
made citizens of the United States.
PRIVATE JAMES FANNING, Com- ;
v I^-The Philippines are pretty well
i populated, although there may be room I
KETCHUM HAS
CHANGED QUARTERS
Now in Hiding- Near His
Old Home.
Sr*<-i£j Dispatch to Th* Call.
AUSTIN. Ausr. 3.— Advices were received
fcere to-day -'-.n.'. Tom Ketrhum, the no
torious train robber who led the band of
outlaws in the r-f-nnt holdup and robbery
- Fort Worth and Denver City train
m, N. M., is in the vicinity of
)ld home ir. San Saba County, Just
of here. The State Rangers and
ty United States Marshals got too j
: >r him in Tom Green County.
The officers will continue the pursuit ]
and are still confident of his early cap
ture. Deputy United Stnt-s Marsha!
Fr p d Lancaster is well acquainted with
Ketchum. Lancaster was one of the
party who pur.- .m and his band
• ver four hundred miles, immediately af
ter they had committed the robbery of
the through Southern Pacific passenger
train near Losier, Tex., three years ago.
ring the sum of $45,280 from Wells
througb safe.
A few days after the fruitless pursuit
•was ended Lancaster received the follow
ing letter from Tom Ketchum, dated
ie, Ind. T. :
"I saw you the other day over on the
: b. I advise you men -who have fam
lasing us fellows. If you
was to come up with us some of you
hurt What does the Wells-
Fargro Express Company care for you all?
■ -,: think they would care if you got
killed? You know we help the pour and
I . the Wells-Fargo can spare
what we took."
SCHOFIELD FAMILY
TROUBLES IN COURT
Counsel for the Divorced Stockton
Couple Engage in Lively-
Altercations.
STOCKTON, Aug. 3.— ln thA vernacular
chronic courtroom spectator, there
was -•> wnrm time in Judge Jones' court
this afternoon. F. }f. Schofleld and his
former wife were th« principals. Mrs.
leld obtained a divorce from her hus
l>aii<3 a few months ago and was awarded
• a minor child. It was
; that the father should see th*»
child on stated occasions. To-day he had
■ inner wife cited to appear before the
for alleged failure to grant him his
Schofleld was reported to have said he
I blow the head off W. H Nutter.
I - ex-wife's attorney, and when Schofleld
stand the lawyer was un
sarily severe In the examination and
bat a fight
I imminent The court was some
in restoring order. The opposing
counsel occupied the attention of the
court nearly three hours airing family
troubles. Mrs. Schofleld was the adopt
. •! daughter of the late capitalist and pro
uler. William P. -Miller, and
her husband was an attach* of the State
hospital for the insane.
Judge Jones set 9 o'clock to-morrow :
morning for arguments in the case. At- 1
torney Nutter demands that the order
,-- to the husband seeing the child
be made more severe, while the counsel
for the husband asked the court to seel
that the husband was accorded every rea- j
sonable right. It is not thought Mrs.
leld is in any danger of contempt. ]
It was brought out in the testimony that j
the father had declared that no court or
- .-ould prevent him seeing his child. '
Brentwood Mansion Burned.
BRENTWOOD. Aug. 3.— The residence
of .T. Chri3tenson. two miles east of hey,
was destroyed by fire yesterday after
noon. The loss wai $12,000; Insurance
fOOOI
for r few more. I <1o not know what the
opportunities are for obtaining ioiul for
agriculture. I do not think Americans
can labor there in our form of agriculture
owing 1 to the extreme beat. The Chinese
and natives do all the hard work at the
present time. The soil appears to be rich
and corn is raised in considerable quan
tities and I suppose other American cere
als could be raised successfully. I do not
think the Islands will be profitable to the
United States if contract and servile labor
are abolished and our own labor laws are
exteuded to them. I do not think the cli
mate Is pultßble to people of our race and
I do not think they could livo there and
retain their energy unimpaired. I do not
think the Filipinos should be made citi
zens of the United States for several gen
erations at least.
PRIVATE G. L. HAUGHAWOUT
(musician) — There are plenty of people in
the Philippines, in fact, the Islands are
thickly populated. I do not know any
thing about the opportunities for obtain-
Ing land for agriculture. Americans can
not work there in our form of agriculture.
All the hard work is done by the natives
and the Chinese coolies, I cannot say
what the effect of extending our labor
laws to the Islands and prohibiting con
tract labor there would be. The climate
is very enervating and a white man soon
loses his energy to a certain degree. I
do not think the Filipinos should be made
citizens of the United States with equal
privileges with ours row. They might
be later on.
PRIVATE A. POWELL JR. (musician)
—There are plenty of people in the Phil
ippines and there is also plenty of land
there, but I do not know what the facili
ties are for obtaining it for agriculture.
Americans cannot work there in our form
of agriculture or, in fact, do any kind of
hard work. All labor la done by the na
tives and the Chinese, the latter prin
cipally. I would not undertake to suy
what the effect would be if -mr labor
laws were extended to the islands and
contract labor prohibited. The climate,
soon saps the energy of white men, and
while they can live there if they do not
attempt to do any hard work and take
care of themselves, they soon become
enervated. 1 do not think the Filipinos
should be made citizens of the United
States.
I'KIVATE F. C. TURNER (musician)— l
In my opinion the islands are very thickly
populated. I cannot sa; what the oppor
tunities are for obtaining land for agri
culture, as I am not familiar with the j
■t. They raise plenty of corn, but |
I think the weather is too warm for
other American cereals. It rains so hard
and the sun comes out so hot after the j
rain is over that I think the wheat would '
be liable to rust and oats would be afft-ct
ed, probably, in the same manner. I do
not think Americans could labor there in
our form of agriculture. The Chinese and
natives do practically all the hard w<>rk.
I would not care to express an opinion ,
as to whether the islands will be profit- j
MRS. PEROT IS
AGAIN REMANDED
Trial Is Postponed by
Mutual Consent.
Special Cable to The <"all and the Xew Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— Mrs. William Y.
Perot of Baltimore, Ml, who was arrest
ed at Liverpool on an extradition warrant
July 27, after reaching that port from
Canada, charged with the abduction of
h*-r daughter, Gladys, and who was
brought here and remanded the same day
on £100 bail with two sureties, appeared
for examination this morning in the Bow-
Police Court. She was again re
manded on the same bail and with the
same sureties. Sir G. Ewen-Smith and N.
Blood.
Mrs. Perot looked remarkably well and
entered the court holding her daughter
by the hand, escorted by her brother, T.
Pierce, and Lady Colin Campbell. N.
Blood, a brother of Lady Colin Campbell,
who accompanied Mrs. Perot to this
country, entered the court a few minutes
]at--r.
There was some excitement in the court
when W. H. Perot, the father-in
law of Mrs. Perot, entered, accompanied
by Mr. H..dsen of the United Stat.-s Em
bassy. Mr. Perot advanced to greet the
child, but she hid her face in her hands,
muttering "I don't wish to speak to you.
"But. my d>-ar." h»- replied. "I have a
letter from your father and he Bends his
love."
The child .wept but did not answer, and j
Mr. Perol seemed much hurt.
Mr. i 'ran*', representing the United '
States Embassy, said that extradition
- marked "urgent" and "pressing"
were handed this morning to officials of
the British Foreign Office and were now
on their way to thr Home office. Some
days must necessarily elapse, he added,
' before copies of thf- documents could be,
plnff-d in the magistrate's hands. There
< fore Mr. Crane asked that f h^ prisoner
ibe remanded. Counsel for Mrs. Perot ac
quiesced. __^_______^_
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— The postal
service between Paula and Los Angeles
. will be discontinued after August 15.
Army orders] By direction of the Sec
: retary of War, Acting Assistant Surgeon
I George W. Sims, United States army, will
1 Eroceed from Corpus Christ!, Texas, to
j San Francisco and report in person to
j the commanding general of the Depart
: ment of California for assignment to duty.
Assistant Surgeon Walter K. Washburn.
United States army, will proceed from
; Dennison. Texas, to San Francisco.
Private George W. Graebe of the Hos-
I pital Corps at Fort Sercven."Ga., is trans
; ferred to the* general hospital at the Pre
sidio. San Francisco. Privates George L.
; Smith and Charles C.Kirsuin of the Hos-
I pital Corps at Fort Thomas, Ky., are
i transferred to the Presidio, San Fran
■ cisco.
Sergeant James S. Stembridge, Company !
i F. Eighteenth United States Infantry. i
: Presidio, San Francisco, will be dis
charged from the service of the United i
States by the commanding officer of his
! station.
Assistant Surgeon William Redin Kirk. '
I United States army, having relinquished
1 the unexpired portion of his leave of ab
sence, will proceed from this city to San
i Francisco and report in person to the \
commanding general of the Department i
I of California for assignment to duty. ■
Pensions: California— Original— Thomas
IJ. Ryan, San Francisco, $6; William
: Moore, San Francisco, $37 50. Supple
' mental— Manasses S. Hostetter, Santa j
; Monica, $4. Restoration and reissue
! James P. Archer, dead, Redondo. $10. In- j
| crease — Joshua B. Deems, Dawklns, $6 to j
! $8. Original, widows, etc.— Susan H. A. I
: Archer. Redondo, $S; Margaret McPher- i
• son, Stockton, $8.
Oregon: Increase— Richard Sigman, Dv- I
I fur, $6 to $8.
Washington: Original— Howell T. Jones, j
I Issaquah, $6. i
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY. AUGUST 4. 1899.
j T riJH a candor and unanimity that cannot fail to give weight to their opinions the volun
1/1/ teers returning from the Philippines declare that the islands which have already cost so much
blood and treasure are not worth having. The gallant men of the First Nebraska Regi
ment are even more emphatic in belittling our new possessions than are the Oregonians, who were
the first to give expression to their views on the islands and their treacherous inhabitants. They say
thai the small portion of the fond not held by the church is not available, for the present at least, far
agriculture, and that even if it were it is unfitted for the purposes for which it had been fondly hoped
it could be made a source of profit, namely the raising of American cereals, cattle and Hogs. The
heavy rains are almost always immediately followed by hot weather, which would rust such crops as
wheat and oats, and while corn is raised in large quantities it is of a very inferior quality.
The Chinese, who do most of the work in the fields — ivork that a white man could not do — are
overpaid at 50 cents a day, say these critics. The general belief is that our labor laws could not be ap
plied with profit to a country so dependent upon coolie labor, andihat with labor laws for the pro
tection of free workmgmen they could not compete with the low-class natives and Chinese, ez'en if
they could live in that climate, which is impossible except as gentlemen of leisure. Of the Filipinos.
who, when the islands are formally annexed to the United States, may rightfully claim the benefits of
the citizenship enjoyed by us, the soldiers, almost without exception, declare they will not be fitted for
that responsibility for several generations at least.
These are the opinions of men wlw are intelligent and educated and the majority of whom are
familiar with agriculture and therefore competent to judge of the conditions with which they were
brought face to face.
able to this country I* servile and con
tract labor are prohibited and our own
labor laws are extended to the islands
The climate is not suited to people of
our race. White men ca-nnot live there
and retain their energy unimpaired. I do
not think the Filipinos should be made
citlr-ns of the I'nited States with priv
ileges equal to ours. The better class are
all right, but the people as a whole are
treacherous and deceitful.
PRrVATE E. STORCH (Musician)-I
think the Philippines are pretty well pop
ulated. I am not familiar with the facili
ties of obtaining land for agricultural pur
poses, if such exists. Corn is raised in
considerable quantities in the islands, but
I think there is too much rain and that
the climate is too hot for other American
cereals, especially wheat and oats, which
are liable to ruat under the conditions
prevailing there. Americans cannot labor
there in our form of agriculture. All the
> ard work is done by the natives and
Chinese, who stand the climate better
than any other class. Neither, however,
will ever hurt themselves working. I
would not care to express an opinion as
to th»- probable effect of the introduction
of our labor laws. The Filipinos would
not make good citizens, and I would not
be In favor of conferring that honor upon
them. ,
PRIVATE FRED JELJNEK, Company
L—The islands an- fairly well populated.
but while there appears to be plenty of
unoccupied land there are no opportuni
ties so far as 1 know, for obtaining land
for agriculture. The natives raise plenty
m and other crops, and I suppose
they could produce American cereals.
ricans cannot work out of doors
th sre as it is too hot. The hard work
is all' done by the Chinese and natives.
I do not think the is'ands will be profit
able to this country if the contract labor
system there is abolished and our
laws ar>- extended to them. The ciinm-te
is enervating, and white men soon lose
their energy there. The natives are
smart, but very treacherous, and I do not
think they will be qualified for American
WERE FORCED TO
SWEAR FALSELY
Sensational Testimony
in Baker Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BARBOURSYILLE, Ky., Aug. 3.— Th«
taking of testimony in the Jim Baker
trial began here to-day.
The prosecution concluded Its testimony
by introducing four witnesses. A. B. '
! Howard testified that he was wounded at
; the time his son Wilson was killed. As
they were riding along the road they were
shot at by persons in ambush. He recog
; nized Tom Baker and some one whom he
thought was Jim.
James Robinson, who was working at
) Baker's house when the killing occurred.
! testified that soon after the shots were
fired Tom and Jim came home greatly ex- »
>■ cited. Just before the shooting he said •
Tom went down the road in the direction
whence the shots came with what he
thought to be a gun. Robinson testified
in the opening trial that Tom and Jim
were both at home when the shots were
: fired. Now he claims he was forced by
the Bakers to swear to a lie. as they had
threatened to kill him. John Collins tes»
tlfled that when he heard the shots he
immediately ran up the hill in their direc
! tion. He saw two men enter Tom Baker's
| house, but could not identify them.
Fuller Barrett had testified twice be- :
1 fore that Tom and Jim were at home [
' when Wilson Howard was killed. This
; time he swore that he and Tom, Jim and
Wiley Baker were together in the road
when Howard came up; that Tom fired
and Burch Storr fell dead and Bat How
ard was wounded. Jim Baker fired and ,
! there was a fusillade of bullets. He said !
the Bakers forced him to swear falsely
the first two times. Barrett was indicted
i with the Bakers for the murder, but after
1 his indictment had been canceled by the
commonwealth he turned State's evi
dence. He is a first cousin of Tom Ba-
The defense claims to be able to prove j
'an alibi. __>_____- ====
JUMPED INTO THE RIVER
FROM BROOKLYN BRIDGE
Henna Hauser, Treasurer of the
Herald-Square Theater, At
tempts Suicide.
XEW YORK. Aug. B.— Henna Hauser,
treasurer of the Herald Square Theater 1
in this city. Jumped from the middle span
nf the Brooklyn bridge at 5 o'clock this
afternoon. He was rescued in the water
and will recover.
Hauser was a passenger on an electric
car hound from Brooklyn to New York.
He sat calmly reading a newspaper until
about the middle of the bridge was
reachod, when he jumped off the car. :
Throwing off his coat, he climbed upon
the outer railing to leap.
The bridge policeman, passengers on the
cars and the car men themselves made a
rush for the man. He regarded their ap
proach coolly, hesitated a moment and
then leaped clear of the structure. He
struck the water Just astern of a ferry
boat A passenger Bprang overboard and
seized Hauser when he reappeared to the
surface. He was lifted aboard, taken to \
the shore and sent to the hospital. Hauser
is about 30 years ©Id and is very well ;
known in the theatrical fraternity.
When asked why he made the jump he j
said it was because he was a drunken
fooL He insisted that he had no trouble
of any sort, either In his family or finan
cially. Finally he Jokingly remarked:
"That's what Coney Island booae does for i
a fellow." !
citizenship for several generations at
least.
PRIVATE S. J. KENNEDY (Musi
cian)— The Philippines are densely popu
lated. There is plenty of land, but
whether there are any opportunities for
obtaining it for agriculture, I do not
knew. Americans cannot labor in the
fields or do hard work of any kind in that
climate. The natives and the Chines?
coolies form the laboring class. I could
not say what would be the effect of sub
stituting our labor laws for the system
of contract labor at present in vogue in
the islands. I think a white man soon
loses his energy to a great extent in that
climate. Ido not think the Filipinos
should be made citizens of the United
States.
PRIVATE A. ROTH, Company Iy— The
Philippines are not in need of any more !
population: they are pretty well occupied :
now. There are no facilities for obtaining
land for agricultural purposes at the
present time that I know of. American I
agriculture might be introduced there, but
that is a question' I could not answer posi- j
tively. Corn of a rather poor grade is j
grown in considerable quantities, , but
I could not say whether wheat and oats |
could be raised. Americans cannot labor
there in our form of agriculture. All
hard work is done by the natives and
coolies— principally the latter. Our labor j
laws could not be introduced there with '■
profit to this country. The climate is j
very enervating and people of our race |
soon lose their energy. I am emphatically
opposed to the Filipinos being made citi- j
zens of the United States with equal prlvi- ;
leges to ours. They need to be educated j
first.
PRIVATE C. H. KLEINHEN (Musi
cian)— The Philippines appear to be very
thickly settled. I know nothing whatever
! about the opportunities for obtaining
j land for agriculture. There is plenty
lof corn raised there, but I think
it is too warm there to raise other
American cereals. There is «o much rain.
I followed by hot weather, that wheat is
THE OATMEAL
KING WAS AN
ARDENT WOOER
His Persistence Won
Miss Zipperlen.
All day yesterday Ferdinand Schu
macher, the aged oatmeal king, and nis
youthful bride were kept busy answering
the many telegrams of congratulation
that kept pouring in on them from all
over the East. Among the felicitations
was a wire from the family of the bride,
who learned by means of the dispatches
that Mary Zipperlen had wedded the
Ohio millionaire.
Schumacher was buoyantly happy be
cause the world knew of his great joy.
but Mrs. Schumacher was depressed at
what she considered the undue notoriety
given the nuptials. "If I had known there
would be all this publicity giver, our mar
riage I would never have married you,"
she said In teasing tones to her white
haired husband. And he with a great
love lisht shining in his faded old eyes
grabbed her in his arms and cried: "Oh,
yes you would; I would have made you."
On the Ist of July Schumacher joined
the Marshall party of thirty-five tourists
for a Western tour and invited his niece.
Miss Dora Schumacher, and her friend.
Miss Zipperlen, to accompany him. The
man of many millions had a purpose in
taking the trip, and it was more than a
desire to see the Western country.
"It was this way, 1 " said Schumacher.
"Since February I had been thinking of
making Miss Zipperlen my wife. I had
not seen the lady for more than six
years, though we corresponded regularly.
I finally concluded that a pleasant way
to see "if we were suited to one another
would be to travel together. We left Chi
cago on the Ist of July. 'I respect and
honor you,' she said, but the rest of the
fair lady's answer must ever be unknown,
for the "fair lady herself put out a sooth-
Ing hand and adjusting the "king's" spec
tacles tenderly said: "Don't tell, dear.
liable to rust. There are some cattle and
hogs, but the cattle-raising industry does
not flourish. I do not think that Ameri
cans could work there in our form of
agriculnire. All the hard work is done
by the Chinese and natives. I could not
say what the effect would be If our labor
laws were extended to the islands. The
climate is extremely enervating and soon
saps the energy of people of our race. I
do not think the Filipinos should be made
citizens of the United States.
PRIVATE E. W. CROOK. Company L—
I do not thln^c the Philippines are at all
lacking in population and I do not think
there is any scarcity of land there, but in
regard to obtaining land for agricultural
purposes I would say there are at present
no opportunities at all. The soil is ap
parently rich and all kinds of cereals
might be made to grow there, with the
possible exception of wheat and oats.
Cattle and hogs do not flourish. It is no
country for an American laboring man.
Whites soon become enervated in that
climate and they cannot work in the
fields or at hard labor. That kind of work
is all done by the natives and the Chinese.
The latter appear to stand the climate
best. I do not think the country would
be profitable to the United States if our
labor laws were extended to the islands
and contract labor forbidden. I do not
think the native Filipinos should be made
citizens of the United States with privi
leges equal to ours.
CORPORAL. G. M. BOYTON. Company
M— The prospect for white men in the
Philippines while poor is not quite as
bad as pictured. The land is fertile and
extremely productive. I think cotton
might be raised successfully by the na
tives, but it would be a rather hard mat
ter for a white man to attempt to get rich
•iff the products of the soil. A capitalist
might increase his fortune, but a laboring
man, no matter how poor, is better oft
in this country. I think the mining pros
pects are good. At Caloocan we washed
gold right in the trenches. While the cli
mate is not suited to the people of our
race, it can be endured.
T don't want the world to know. It is
our secret."
Mr. Schumacher never told, but In the
conversation ■which followed it transpired
that the millionaire was an a.rdent wooer
and that it was his persistence that won
him his wife.
"And that is the first and only time I
obeyed him, or intend to obey," said Mrs.
Schumacher. "He insisted we be married
right away. I wanted to wait till we got
back home, but Mr. Schumacher was per
sistent, and when he told me he was old
and had no time to lose I consented.
Sunday morning we went to church and
went and heard Dr. Locke preach. I de
■?iiled there and then that he was the
minister that should marry us."
"It was a lovely ceremony," said Schu
macher.
"Perfectly lovely," said Mrs. Schu
macher. "I never promised to obey."
The oatmeal king and his bride have
as yet made no plants for the future. Miss
Dora Schumacher will return to her East
<?rn home when her tourist ticket expires,
September 4, but her uncle and his wife
will Btay on indefinitely.
"I have always wanted to spend a win
ter In California." said Mrs. Schumacher,
"and we may stay here until next spring.
But nothing Is definite. I have not yet
decided."
"She has not yet decided," echoed the
new husband, "and until Mrs. Schu
macher does decide. " he added, "our plans
are necessarily indefinite."
LIVES LOST IN
A CLOUDBURST
Much Damage Done by a Storni
Near the Town of Mor
rison, Colo.
DENVER, Aug. 3.— News has just been
received here of a cloudburst In the can
yon near Morrison, Colo., by which sev
eral lives were lost. No details can be
obtained at present.
Cut on. the Elevated.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— The expected cut
In the Brooklyn "L" engineers has just
gone into effect. The men are now called
•'motoneers" and receive $2 50 a day ln-
Ptead of $3 50. The surface raotormen are
to receive $2 a day and bridge raotormen
$2 25.
Arlington's Fast Mils.
YOUNGSTOWN. Ohio, Aug. 3.—Arling
ton, In the second heat of the free-for-all
pace here to-day, made a mile In 2 07)4,
being the fastest mil* «ver paced on a
half-mile track.
Peopled by a Treacherous Race.
Little to Attract White
Men.
: VIEWS OF A FEW MORE OREGONIANS. I
! CORPORAL W. F. DOUGHERTY, |
; Company L—The country is thickly pop
' ulated. The land seems to be all taken !
up. It is either owned by the Filipinos or
big syndicates. Very little of the country
seems unoccupied. Corn and rice are the .
only cereals that grow well there. Other
; products are likely to be ruined by the
' wet weather and dry season. The Ameri
cans could not work in the field as they
I do in this country, as the heat is too ,
1 great. The Chinese seem to do the most '
I work. It would be a fine thing and a help
to this country if our laws were intro
duced there, especially the labor laws.
The climate Is not suited to a white man.
, The Filipinos have been fighting all their
lives and will never make good citizens.
. In my opinion, they should never be al
: lowed" the same privileges. It will take
a long time for the natives to become
educated up to our form of government. '
When they do they will make good citi- j
zens.
PRIVATE LEMISON, Company L—
There does not seem to be a scarcity of
population in the Philippines. It is rather
difficult to say whether it would be pos
sible for an American to gain possession :
|of land. It all seems to be occupied and
is held by the church. The soil is just
right for the raising of corn, rice and to
■ bacco. As to wheat and rye. I am unable
j to say whether they could be raised with
j out loss. The intense heat and the wet
1 weather would seem to be against the
latter products. I do not think the Fili
pinos should be made citizens of the
United States.
PRIVATE J. E. DOYLE, Company D —
The islands are thickly populated. I sup
i pose a man could buy land if he had the
"Money. I do not think much wheat couli
be raised there, as it is too wet. Corn,
rye and barley could be raised without
trouble. Cattle and hogs would thrive,
' but there is danger of the hogs taking tho
disease that is prevalent in the lsi&nds.
The climate is such that it takes
; the energy out of a man. After an Amer
: ican is there a few months he does not
want to do anything. The Chinese and
natives do most of the hard labor. The
i islands would be profitable if our labor
laws w<:-re introduced there. I do not
think the climate is suited to our race.
! The heat makes them indolent. They lose
' their energy and ambition. 1 don't think
i the natives should be made citizens. In
course of time they might have to be,
but that is too far off to worry over.
! SERGEANT HALL, Company X— From
! my observations, the islands seemed to
have plenty of population. There is very
I little chance of getting land there, as it
■ is either settled or the Catholics have it in
' control. Almost any product save wheat
could be raised on the islands. Cattle and
hogs would certainly do well. The Fili
; pinos seem to do most of the labor and
■ are better acclimated. It would be the
best thing for the islands if American
laws and ideas were introduced. The
! climate is too warm and is a drawback
to many who might want to settle there.
BEACH STREWN
WITH WRECKAGE
Disasters Nearthe Island
of St. George.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND. Aug. 3.—Ad
vices received here to-day from Wash
j ington say that the British Embassy |
has made a demand on the Secretary of '>
State for the release of the six Cana- j
'■ dian fishing vessels recently seized near '■
j Blame by Lieutenant Dunwoody, in
command of the United States revenue
I cutter Launch. The vessels were seized
i for a violation of the law against fish
ing in American waters. The investi
\ gation is now being made and when
! completed the findings will be for- j
warded to United States Attorney Gen
eral Griggs in accordance with the in
structions of Secretary of State Hay.
A letter received here, dated from St.
] George Island, one of the Pr.biloff
group, says that during the past year
large quantities of wreckage have come j
ashore on the island and that the beach :
■ has been completely strewn with it.
i The wreckage has the appearance of |
i that of a small craft and in quantity
was sufficient for the construction of at I
i least two large sailing vessels. Some
' of the wreckage bore the appearance
! of having been in the water some time.
bllt most of it was new. Nothing was
; found by which any of the unfortunate
' craft could be identified.
The letter says that in April, IS9S, the
; schooner Adams with twenty passen- ;
i gers on board called at the island and !
! asked permission to land, which was
' granted. After securing fresh water !
' they sailed. Since that time no word i
; has been heard of those on board.
The schooner Lady George, Captain
Christophen. which sailed from Puget
' Sound In March, 1898, with ten persons !
aboard for Kotzebue Sound, is also re
ported missing, no word having been
received from her for over a year. She |
was at the Kowak River then.
CANADIANS DISPLAY
LACK OF SPORTSMANSHIP
DORVALE. Quebec, Aur. 3.— A series of
five races for the Seawanhka cup between
the American challenger Constance and
the Canadian defender Glencairn 111
terminated this evening in a fiasco. Each
of the little craft had won two races and
the boats were called to-day for the de
cisive brush, but Skipper Duggan sailed
his Canadian boat over the course alone,
and was awarded the cup despite the pro
tests of Mr. Craig, the American.
The Glencairn 111 crossed the starting
line at 3:05:15, but the»Constance did not
cross, her centerbcard^having struck the
ground while her skipper was maneuver
ing for the start. Then followed Mr.
Craig's verbal protest, but the officials
decided to continue the race and consider
the protest afterward.
By this time the Glencairn 111 was well
up the first leg, and a small yacht was sent
up to Instruct her to complete the course.
The Glencairn 111 accordingly proceeded,
snd with the moderate wind which was
blowing finished the twelve miles at
6:25:15, well within the live-hour time
limit.
Mr. Craig's verbal protest was followed
by a wrftten protest by Mr. Post, part
owner of the Constance, to the effect *hat
the course was not a proper one for the
boats to sail on. The sailing committee
after being In session from 8:30 o'clock
until 11:20 to-night decided that the race
Bhould b« awarded to th« Glencairn IIL
I think the Filipinos will be all right
after the Americans secure a foothold. In
my opinion, the natives will make good
citizens in course of time, but they will
have to be educated up to it.
SERGEANT C. C. KAUFFMAN, Com
pany C— The Philippines, and especially
Luzon, are not lacking in population by
! any means. I do not know what the op
portunities for securing land for agricul
i tural purposes are, but I understand it is
nearly all owned by the church. There ia
no doubt that wheat, oats, rye. barley
and other cereals can be raised there.
! Corn is already raised in large quantities.
I Cattle and hogs nourish and are a source
of considerable profit. Americans cannot
do any kind of hard out of door work
there, as they cannot stand the climate.
; All work in the fields is done by either
Chinese coolies or natives, although the
j latter are not partial to labor of any kind.
! I do not think the islands would be a
I source of profit if the contract labor sys
\ tern was abolished and* our labor laws
enforced there. The Filiptnos would not
make good citizens, not for generations
', at least.
PRIVATE J. W. WHITTAKER, Com
; pany C— l don't know anything about the
j other islands, but Luzon is in no need of
more population. There are no opportunl
i ties at present for obtaining land for
agricultural purposes so far as I know,
but of course there may be after the
fighting is over. I think a grreat many
American 'agricultural products could be
, raised there successfully, and cattle and
i hogs appear to thrive. All the work in
! the fields Is done by Chinese coolies t nd
natives. Americans could not do the
work because of the climate. Our labor
laws could not replace the present sys
; tern of servile and contract labor in vogue
| there with profit. The Chinese work po
| cheap that white men could not compete
j with them. I do not think the native
j Filipinos should be made citizens of the
j United States until they have been civi
j lized, and that will not be for several
generations.
PRIVATE MORRIS R. WHITEHEAD,
Company H— The Philippines do not ap
pear to be lacking is population. It is a
| great agricultural country, but there are
! no opportunities for getting land there
' now. I cannot say how it will be after
the fighting is ove^ I think crops such as
! corn, wheat, etc.. can be raised there and
American agricultural methods introduc
•ed to some extent. Cattle and hogs ap
! pear to do well. Americans cannot work
, out of doors there. The most of the work
| in the fields is performed by Chinese coo
! lies. I do not think our labor laws could
' be enforced there, as the Chinese and the
■ natives are the only ones who can do the
work. The climate is unsuited to white
: men, as it saps the vitality. I do not
1 think the Filipinos should ever be made
i citizens of the United States with equal
i privileges to ours. As soon as they get
i a little education they are the worst ty-
I rants on earth and have a natural ten
j dency to treachery and theft.
ENTHUSIASTS
GIVEN RIDES
The Automobile Attracts
Crowds at Buffalo.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
BUFFALO, N. T., Aug. 3.—To-mor
row at noon the transcontinental au
tomobile will start westward from the
office of the Courier and Enquirer. This
being my old home I decided to remain
over a day. This afternoon the motor
was run about the city, and local en
thusiasts were given rides. Everything
worked perfectly and a fine showing
was made on the roads within the city
and out to the Country Club. I have
covered according to my road meter
just 486% miles, which shows that I
have gone about 16^ miles out of my
course. We have run forty-nine hours,
or an average speed of little under ten
miles an hour and this over what will
probably prove our worst roads and
under adverse conditions.
BAPTISTS ORGANIZE
SUMMER SCHOOL
D. P. Ward of Oakland Elected Presi
dent of the Twin Lakes
Assembly.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 3.— The Twin
Lakes Baptist Assembly, or Summer
' School, has been permanently organised,
i Its object is to hold annual meetings for
I Bible study, scientific lectures and th«
i study of literature. The officers elected
I are: President, D. P. Ward of Oakland;
i vice president. Rev. D. S. Banks of Sac
ramento; secretary and treasurer. Key.
< JE. R Bennett of Oakland; trustees for
' one year— D. P. Ward of Oakland, Rev.
i Robert Whlttaker of Oakland, G. W.
! Disher of Oakland; for two years— Rev.
A. B. Banks of Sacramento, Rev. T. S.
j Young of San Jose, Rev. M. Slaughter of
Chi CO ; for three years — Rev. A. P. Brown
I of Fresno. Rev. B. F. Huddleson of Reno,
Nev., and one trustee to be selected by
| the Twin Lakes Improvement Associa
tion.
The assembly starts with a member
■ ship of over fifty, who are to pay 50 cents
a year.
The Baptist Convention opened to-day
with a meeting of the Women's Foreign
Missionary Society. Mrs. Featherstone
led the devotional meeting, and Miss Mary
Bamford, the State secretary, gave an in
teresting account of the Japan mission.
Mrs. C. H. Hobart of Oakland spoke of
: the condition of the treasury and led an
'< open parliament on "How to Interest the
Women in Circle Work." "How to Make
j the Circle Meeting Interesting" and
"How to Raise Missionary Money."
The work of the American Baptist Mto
: sionary Union was taken up this morn
' ing. Dr. Sundprland of Oakland bein»j the
presiding officer. The report on foreign
missions was given by Rev. C. H. Hobart
of the First Baptist Church of Oakland.
He announced that since its organization
the Missionary Union had raised Jl">,S.jS.
--864 33. an average of $460,000 a year, in
; ISfiS $752 474 17 was raised. The "Qula."
: conducted by Dr. Sunderland. was full of
i pointers. Other addresses during the
I morning were: "Triumphs of the Gospel
i in Assam." by Rev. E. G. Phillips, and
; "The Fall of Dagron," by Rev. A. W.
! Rider. _ _
This evening Rev. A. P. Brown of
: Fr?sno gave an address on "Systematic
Benevolence." and Rev. S. G. Artams of
Oakland one on "Our Churches anl Our
Home Mission Society."
Marblehead at Callao.
LTMA, Peru. Aug. 3.— The United States
cruiser Marblehead, which is on her way
to Mare Island, arrived to-day at Callao.
34
oo»«a»saß»aaaaaa»a
a Shamrock Starts g
» J:
a /or America ®
O w
° Stake € vents at c
the State Ja/r '%
o
oHaaaa'a a a a a a a a a a aa
THE SHAMROCK
STARTS ON HER
OCEAN VOYAGE
Challenger En Route
to America.
GIVEN A HEARTY SEND-OFF
— «. —
DEAFENING DIN IN THE GLAS
GOW YARDS.
English Yacht Is Compelled to Put
Back to Fairlie for Slight
Repairs, but Finally
Gets Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GLASGOW, Au?. 3.— The cup challenger
Shamrock sailed from Fa morn
ing a ! by Sir Thomas Lipton a
steam yacht Erin, : ■ rated with
As the two yachts proceeded down
the river, whoße banks were thronged
with spectators, they were greeted with
enthus eers intermingled with the
singing of "Rule Britannia." The .-raft
in the vicinity of Fairlie displayed flags
in honor of the departing challenger. The
I of the whistles and sirens was
deafening.
FAIRLIE. Au?. 3.— The Shamrock, after
.'".stance, had a slight
mishap to her bowsprit and had to re
turn bore. The Shamrock, escorted by
the Erin, again started for 1 i 'a this
evenii I ock. A private signal to
start cam,- from Sir Thomas Lipton. who
was on board the Erin. The Shamrock
was lying in eleven fathoms of water,
the house in which Mr.
Fife Jr., the designer of the Shamrock,
whs born. A stiff breeze was blowl
i 'upturn Al irth, skip-
N i. 1, took the tiller, and Captain
ri Wringe, skipper No. 2, looked
after things f< rward. The Shamrock
swung twice around the Erin, amid
hearty cheers from the people assembled
In Fairlie roads. The crew on the train
lying near sang out lustily,
back that cup."
When the Shamrock had circled twice
1 the Erin, Captain Hogarth dipped
tiie blue ensign as I 0
nd, under trysail, fon
jib headed topsail and mizzen.
Sir Thomas Lipton, having bidden the
challenger farewell. Immediately started
;:. It is expected the Shamrock
will clear the Mull "f KJntyre to-i
and that tho Erin will carry her off
lead.
As already cabled, the Shamrock will
take ;.. southerly course. Captain Ho
garth experts to roach New York within
twenty-eight days, as he does not intend
■ . ;.; to any extent. E
Insuri d at Lloyd's f- •■ ■ ' 5 per cent.
It was noti ■ good omen that the
racing yacht which sailed for
America from Fairlie was the unbeaten
Minerva, skippered by "Charlie" Barr,
nbia.
The Shamrock's racing spars will be
taken to New fork by the Anchor line
'..• of Rome. Captain Ho
.. Bald he
rock to be a perfect
;ine.
METEOR FINISHES FIRST.
Again Shows Superiority Over the
English Yachts.
(■OWES, Aug. 3.— ln the race for the
town < up to-day in the regatta of the
- madron Emperor William*
■ Prince of Wales' Britannia
Rainbow crossed the lir.e together at
>)■■ Bona was i;i»>t. The i
round the East Lepebury to the
War'- - p, twice aroui d. The first
was Bi lsh< d as follows: M
ritannia, l:34:J0; Bona. 1:40:12;
18:43. The- yachts crossed iho
s follows: Meteor, 4:!5;50;
•".; Bona, 4:Co. The ii.iin
bow did not finish.
Repairing of the Columbia.
BRISTOL, It. 1., Aug. 3.— (.:. Oliver I.«e
lin to-day stated that he would try to got
the Columbia r< I take part in Sat
e, when the Navahoe ami Vig-
I hint meet at Newport. The mainsail has
teen placed •■!! the «t;i«s near the shore.
Jt la split for about thirty fei I on the luff.
ATHLETES REORGANIZED.
Warring Factions May Take Their
Troubles Into the Courts.
ALAMEDA, Aug. The plan of reor
ganizing the Encinal Recreation Club was
consummated last night. The "social ele
ment" took posses-ion of the old club
quarters and J. A. Munro, who purchased
the defunct organization's $500 outfit of
furniture and gymnasium apparatus for
$100, turned it over to the new aggregation
for an advance of $3. The following offi
cers were elected: J. G. Stubbs, presi
dent; A. 8. Groth vice president; F. H.
Bister secretary; W. M. McKean. treas
urer; i' P. Royle, Dr. \V. R. Hughes, F.
11. Stratford, directors.
In order that none of the athletes who
were frozen out and who claim to be
victim mflam game could claim
membership 1;: the new organization nn
the strength of the old club's name, the
word "recreation" was dropped from the
lit:.'. The members who were turned
dpwn did ni | empi to force themselves
The clubrooma during the meeting,
us was anticipated. They are still -x
tremely sore, however, and there are
well-defined rumor- that the courts may
be called upon to decide the dispute be
tween the factions.
FACSIMILE OF HEAD OF CASK.
TRADE MANX.
From
DUFF CORDON & CO.,
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
CHARLES MEIJCECXB &. CO..
AuenU Pacific Coast, 314 Sacramento Street.
Ban Franciaco, CaL
In the World of Sport.
PLUCKY WINS
THE MONTAUK
IN A GALLOP
Outsider in Front at
Brighton.
BEATS STUART AND TRUMPET
LACKLAJNTD TAKES GLENCOVE
HANDICAP.
Headwater Annexes a Six-Furlong
Sprint at St. Louis, and Dolore
Finishes Second to
Randazzo.
Special Dispatch to The nail.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The heavy track
at Brighton Beach to-day caused a lot of
mong their. Deing in the
Btakes. In the Montauk. Stuart, v.ith
Taral up. was nn odds-on favorite. With
Trumpet second choice and Plucky, whom
Harry Lewis had come all the way from
Canada to ride, was the despised out-
Biddr at 12 to 1. At the fall of tho Hag
Stuart went to the front, attended by
Water King. They ran that way tj the
stretch, when Plucky closed, and passing
them won In a gallop.
In the Glencove handicap the Dunne
pair, Sir Hubert and Fly-by-Night, were
odds-on favorites, with Lackland a heav
ily backed second choice. Around th.9
lower turn Lackland shot to the front
and half way up the backstretch was
joined by Fly-by-Night. They had it out
together haramor and tongs all the rest
Of the way. Fly-by-Night swerved at the
beginning of the Inst furlong: and Lack
land won. Results:
Five furlongs, selling— Beverldge won, Mein
herr second, Kamara third. Time. l:03 i.
Mile and a quarter— Bannockburn won. Bat-
Bon second. Knight of the Garter third. Time,
2:07 4-5.
The Montauk, six furlongs — Plucky won, Stu
art second. Trumpet third. Time, 1:15 4-5.
Glencove handicap, one and a sixteenth miles
— Lackland won, Fly-by-N*ight second, Sir Hu
bert third. Time, 1:48 1-5.
One mile. Eelling— Dan Rice won. Rare Per
fume second. Bishop Reed third. Time, 1:413-5.
Five furlongs — of Holmdel won Flor
onzo second, Uncle Lewis third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
SARATOGA, Aug. 3. — Yesterday's rains made
the going very heavy to-day. Lady Lindsay
and Swiftmas made a good finish In the Karney
stakes, the latter catching the fllly on the post.
Three out of the live named starters declined
the Ing, and Clonsilla, Acushla, Little Saint
and -aKfdlan were added. Little Saint was
an .yen money favorite. He got oil liailly and
seemed never to have anything to say for him
self. The Karney stakes were worth $2000 to
the winner. Results:
Five and a half furlongs — Meddlesome won,
Lightning Express second, Jerry Hunt third.
Time, 1:11%;
One and a sixteenth miles — Batten won, Clar
entus second. Time, 1:52'». (Two starters.)
The Karney stakes, six furlongs— Swiftmas
won, Lady Llr.dsay second, Tragedian third.
Time. 1:17.
Six furlongs — Hansbrough won, Barney F
second. Villa V third. Time, 1:17^.
One mile -Cathedral won, Athamas second,
Marati third. Time, 1:47.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Weather good; track
fair r.t Harlem. Results:
Four and a half furlong* Tlldy Ann won,
Tildec second. Olek-mia third. Time, :58%,
Mile and twenty yards, Belling Ion Jour
won. lirlght Night eeoond, Elidad third. Time
1:46";.
Six furlongrs— Gertie won. Maceo second,
Canover third. Time. 1:16%.
Mile and an eighth— Crockett won, Harry
Nutter second, Carnero third. Time, 1:59? i.
Five and a half furlong*, yelling — Marlto won,
Rocklight second, Mararajah third. Time,
1:11.
Six furlnnß-?, Belling— Alabaster won. Plym
outh y-eond, Clarence T third. Time, I :l7Cjj.
BT. LOUIS, Aug. 2— The card was unusually
: •■-.* the- fair grounds to-day and good rac
ing wns witnessed. Results:
en furlong:?, selling — Randazzo won Do
lore second, Mamie G third. Time. 1:28%
Bix furlongs, selling — Harry Floyd won
Czarowitz second, Aunt Mary third. Time,
nd a half furlongs, selling- Harry Duke
won, Loving Cup second, imp. King Gold third
Time. 1:21*4.
Mile and a sixteenth— Duk»» of Baden won
Planter second, Kd Farreii third. Time!
Six furlongs— Headwater won, Illndoonet sec
ond. Frank Bell thirl. Tine.
Mile and fpvpnty yards, selling— Judge Stead
man won, Earbee second. Eitholln third. Time
DETROIT, Atigr. 3.-Tl,e weather was show
ery at Windsor to-day. Remits:
Seven furlongs, selling- Hi Lee won, Laur
entian second, By George third. Time 1:28V4
Five furlongs— Dissolute won, J. Lucille sec
ond. Onoto third. Tlmr, 1:02%.
Mlie and a sixteenth— Topmast won. Colonel
Frank Waters second, E!n third. Time Its'.
Five furlongs, selling— lsablnda won, Lizzie
McCarthy second. Fatlra third. Time 1:03
Ml!" and a quarter. selling-Henry Launt
won. Martha II second, Vanessa third Time
2:09%.
Plx furion**. selling— Montanus won The
Light second, Farm Life third. Time, 1:14,*.
HARNESS BRIGADE
COMPETES IN MUD
Ananias and Harry O Show Their
Ability to Negotiate the
Slippery Going.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. S.— Racing in
t!ic mud was the feature of the Grand
Circuit meeting to-day. After three heats
had b?^n run a heavy tnunder shower
came up and drenched the track. The
homestretch was a sea of mud for a short
time, but the big crowd waited patiently
until it had dried off sufficiently to
permit the horses to go. It was 5 o'clock
before racing could be resumed and two
events were finished l><f ire darkness in
tervened The last four heats were long
miles and considering the heavy track
the time was very fast.
Ananias won the 2:07 pace in straight
heats and apparently without effort. The
Cleveland horse was favorite in the bet
ting, but Miss Logan was heavily backed
on the strength of her having wor at
Cleveland last week. The llrst hc-at whs
paced before the rain and there was not
one of the horses in the big field trat
could crowd Ananias. Charlie X followed
Ananias down the stretch ahead nf the
bunch and finished second by two lengths
The judges thought James had not driven
Charlie B out and the gelding was Bet
back to twelfth place after having finished
second.
There were twenty-one starters Jn the
2:13 pace, two heats of which were paced
before the rain. Harry O was favorite
In the betting, but had a formidable com
petitor In Nerva Patchen. Harry O fin
ished eleventh in tbe flrgt heat and then
won in consecutive heats. Nerva -Patchtn
was driven out in the first heat, but «aye
the favorite a sharp brush at the finish
in the next two heats. In the last heat
lolation took the pole and in the stretch
plowed through the bunch, beating Ego
zer. for second place.
The 2:14 trot was postponed until to
morrow, when an effort will be made to
clear up the week's programme. Re
-2:07 pace, purse 12000— Ananias won In straight
heats. Time, 2:07.;. 2:13>.i. 2:12%. l>ady of the
Manor was (second and Nlcol 15 third. Egoson,
Mips uogan, Bessi- Leach, Pearl Onward Giles
Noyes, Charlie li. Choral, Will Tranby and
lloyal R. Sheldon also started.
I'M pac.-- purse |200G-Harry O won Beeond,
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:09U, 2:14 2 14
Nerva Patchen won the first heat In 2:0854-
Dower, violation, Maronial, Lollta; Baylcaf.
G W P, prex, Harry C, Neath and Lady Prince
alio started.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ITKIIJAr, AUUUBT 4 IS^^F.
STAKE EVENTS
OF THE STATE
FAIR MEETING
List of Ten Fixtures
Announced.
ENTRIES CLOSE AUGUST 15
LIBERAX OVER-NIGHT PURSES
OFFERED.
One Selling Classic Is Named After
the Hero of Manila Bay and
Another After General
Shafter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMEXTO. Aug. 3.— The State
Agricultural Society has announced its
programme of stakes for the State Fair
race meeting, which begins on September
4. Entries will close on August 15. In
addition to the fixtures, liberal purses will
be offered for overnight events. The con- j
ditions governing the stake races are as j
follows:
Xo. I— The Vinctor stake— three-year-olds
! and upward; entrance $10, to accompany nom
i ination; $15 additional for horses not declared
by 4 p. m. day preceding race; with $300 added
by the society, of which $50 to second and $25
to third: $200 additional and stake to be named
after winner if. Vlnctor's time (1:40) is beaten;
one mile.
Xo. 2— Dewey selling stake— For three-year
: olds; entrance $10, to accompany nomination;
$15 additional for hnrws not declared by 4
p m. the day preceding the race; $300 added
by the society, of which $50 to second, $25 to
third: winner to tie sold at auction; if for $1200,
to carry rule weight; if for less, two pounds
allowed on each |100 to $700, thence three
pounds for each $100 to $400; selling price to
be placpd on starter through entry box by 4
p. m. on the day preceding the race; a winner
of a stake race or three or more races after
closing of entries to carry seven pounds extra;
one mile.
Xo. 3— The Capital City stake— A handicap
for three-year-olds and upward; entrance $10,
to accompany nomination, with $15 additional
for horses not declared by 4 p. m. day pre
ceding race; with $300 added by the society,
of which $50 to second and $25 to third; weights
posted by 12 m. day preceding race; one mile
and a furlong.
Xo. 4— The Favorite stake— A hundloap for
three-year-olds Rnd upward; entrance $10, to
accompany nomination, with $20 additional for
horses not declared by 4 p. m. day preceding
race; $350 added by the society, of which $70
to second and $30 to third; weights posted by
12 m. day before race; one mile and a quarter.
No. s— Sunny Slope stake— For two-year-old
I fillies: entrance $10, to accompany nomination;
$15 additional If not declared by 4 p. in. the day
preceding the race; with $300 add"d by the so
ciety, of which $60 to second and $25 to third;
weights five pounds below the scale; a winner
of n stake race in IS'j9 K> carry five pounds
extra; winners of three or more races of any
value other than selling races since the date
of closing the Btake, seven pounds extra; maid
ens allowed five pounds; if beaten three or more
times Hi nee closing of stake, seven pounds, and
if not placed second <«r third, twelve pounds;
five-eighths of a m;!e.
Xo. The California Annual stake— For two
ear-old*; entrance $10, to accompany nomina
tion; $15 additional tor those not declared by 4
p. m. the day preceding the race; with $300
added by the society, of which $50 to second
and $25 to third; winners of two or more stake
races at any time to carry seven pounds extra;
winner* of three or more races, other than
selling races, of any value after August 15,
to carry two pounds extra for each win; horses
beaten 'three or more times Bince that date al
lowed five pounds; maidens allowed flvs pounds,
and if the product of a mare or stallion that
lias not produced a ■■■ Inner at the time of <!■■.-
ir.s? of stake, five pounds additional; If of both,
tea pminda; these allowances to be claimed at
the time of entry; maidens beaten three or
more tltnei after the closing of the st.-. and
not placed se ond or third, twelve pounds; al
lowances noi cumulative; six furlones.
Xo. 7 — The Autumn Handicap — For two-year
olds; entrance $10, to accompany nomination,
$16 additional for colts not declared by 4 p. m.
day preceding race, with $300 a Ided by the so
ciety, of which $"0 to second and $25 to third;
weights posted by 12 m. day before race; one
mile.
NO. B— The Shafter selling stake— For maiden
two-year-olds at time of closlnc: rntrnnce $10,
to accompany nomination, $15 additional for
colts not declared by 4 p. m. of day preceding
race, ith $300 added for the society, of whirh
$30 to second and $25 to third; winner to be
Bold al auction; if for $1000, weight for age; two
pounds allowed for each $100 to $500, then thre«
pounds to $200; winners of one race after clos-
Ing to carry five pounds, of two or more ten
pounds extra; value placed on starters through
entry box by 4 p. m. day before race; six
furlongs.
No. 9 — Flash stake— For all ages; entrance
$10, to accompany nomination, $15 additional
for hi rses not declared by 4 p. m. the day pre
ceding the race; $300 added by the society, of
which $50 to second and $25 to third; non-win
ners of five races this year if three-year-olds
and over, if a non-winner of a race in IS9B or
1839 of the value of $1000, allowed live pounds:
! or of one of the value of $600, tpn pounds; of
$400, fifteen pounds; of $300, twenty pounds;
six furlongs.
Xo. 10— Ladles' stake— For mares and fillies,
three years old and upward; entrance $10, to
accompany nomination, $15 additional for
horses not declared by 4 p. m. the day preced
ing the race; society to add $300. of which $."0
to second and $25 to third; winners of a race
of $1000 or over in IS9B or 1899. to carry scale
weight: non-winners In 189S or 1899 of a race
of $1000 in value allowed three pound; of a race
of $750. allowed seven pounds: of a race of
$400, twelve pounds; of $300. fifteen pounds;
wlnnerß of two or more races, other than sell-
Ing racpp, after closing stake, to carry two
pounds extra for each win; one and one-six
tenths mines
Martin Wins With Challow.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— At the Brighton All
gust meeting to-day the town plate of
150 sovereigns was won by Ohallow, with
••Skeets" Martin in the saddle.
Improvements on Levees.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 3.— The Board of
Levee Commissioners has let contracts
for the improvement of ten sections of
the city levee system, the cost to aggre
gate $7000. Most of the work will he on
the north and west sides of the city.
OLYMPIAN CHAMPIONS AT HANDBALL.
GEORGE JAMES and B. T. Tlairison have won the team championship of the
coast at the ancient Irish gamp of handball. They gained their title In the
interclub tournament, in which the best players of the Olympic, Reliance,
Acme and Encinal clubs competed. On the 14th lnst. a handball tourna
ment will be opened at the Olympic Club. In which a large number of players
will be engaged. Two prizes are offered in each of three classes. The finals
of each class will be played at the Occidental court, Groom street, where invited
guests may view the contests. A large entry is expected In tho novice class.
RUNNING-HORSE
PEOPLE GETTING
THINGS READY
j New San Bruno Race
Track Under Way.
STAKE BOOK SOON TO BE OUT
SAUSALITO POOLROOM PROPRIE
TORS AT OUTS.
Johnny Humphrey Withdraws—Han
dicapper Brooks in Town — Santa
Rosa Betting Privilege
Open to Bidders.
Work on the track of the new Western
Turf Association at San Bruno is pro
gressing and its stake book, It is said,
is in the printer's hand*. The California
Jockey Club will not issue its list of
stakes to be competed for at the next
meeting for a month at least. Both rac
ing organizations will probably diminish
instead of increase the number of atakes
heretofore offered for 2-year-olds, and
possibly some of those for horses of the
all-aged division. From a spectacular
standpoint the 2-year-old stake events
last season, witfi a possible exception or
two, were lamentably poor affairs. A
thousand dollar handicap hung up every
Saturday would prove a much stronger
drawing card and please the horsemen
better.
Dissensions have sprung up among the
poolroom men of Sausalito, as a result of
which Johnny Humphrey, the well-known
loca! layer or odds, is no longer a member
of the 'combine. Some weeks ago the
rooms were winners to the extent of over
$40,000. and as business is now a trifle
dull no doubt John was quite willing to
"break away."
J. W. Brooks, hanciicapper and clerk of
the scales for the California Jockey Club,
who has "been spending the greater por
tion of his vacation in his Tennessee
home, is again in California. Mr. Brooks
arrived on Tuesday and is ready to again
don the harness,
"Jack" Atkin of the firm of Atkin &
Lottridge, arrived from St. Louis early
during the present work. Jack was block
man for "Joe" Rose at the fair grounds
meeting. The latter pendler is now book
ing at Saratoga.
From recent accounts "Dick" Clawson s
days of usefulness in the saddle are num
bered. He has grown until he is now
nearly as tall, as Henry Shields, and has
taken most affectionately to plunging on
the races.
owing to dissatisfaction the director? of
the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
• rs 1 Association have again opened the
bids for the coming meeting to be held at
Santa Rosa. On< bid of $1600 for the
I. onking privilege was received, but as an
other guarantee of $2200 was made for the
auction and parts mutuel betting, with
out books, it was concluded to give the
bookmakers a chance to raise the ante.
Pete Mitchell, who formerly trained
Rienzl. Rose Clark and other well-known
Performers, now has charge of the stock
farm of Sf-nator R. Porter Ashe at Glen
Ellen. Storm King and Governor Shoe
han, owned by Nathan Landsberg, the
Chicago turfman, are being summered at
t ills establishment.
The 2:03J4, 2:Q4£, 2:04 made by Search
light at Columbus on Wednesday is not
tho limit of this great pacer if Myron
McHenry is a gooa prognostlcator. Dur-
Ing the June meeting ai Denver, where
Searchlight stepped a mile In 2:05, creat
ing a new track record, McHenry said:
"He'll beat 2:'i2 before the season is Over."
JOE KENNEDY MATCHED
TO BOX PETER MAHER
The Heavy-Weights Will Meet in the
Lenox Athletic Club Arena Late
in September.
Joe Kennedy, the Callfornlan boxer who
has aspirations on the heavy-weight
championship, has been matched to tight
Peter Maher. Tom O'Rourke has se
cured the event for the I^enox Athletic
Club, where the men will meet on Sep
tember 26. Kennedy will be accompanied
Hast by J. T. Collins and Spider Kelly.
The latter will act as his mentor.
He will box at an exhibition of the Ex
celsior ('lull at Teutonla Hall on the 10th
inst. There will be a number of fight
round boutH. Among the boxers matched
are Jack MeMahon and Hilly Hoskins,
12S pounds; Billy Springfield and Henry
Lewis, H" pounds; Kid Hogan and Neil
Callaghan; Harry Bowers and Kid
O'Brien.
Three promising bouts will be decided
in the Olympic Club gymnasium to-night.
The principals are all clever boxers and
are all well matched, both in science and
ability. The officers of the volunteer
regiments just back from the Philippines
will be the guests of the club directors.
The boxing is complimentary to the mem
bfM-p, but an admission will be charged
outsider?.
NO FIGHTS IN DENVER.
Mayor Johnson Vetoes the Ordinancs
Licensing Contests.
DENVER, Aug. 3.— Mayor Johnson to
day vetoed the ordinance placing the li
cense for athletic clubs which conduct
sparring contests at $1500. In his message
the Mayor said:
"I am unwilling to approve an ordinance
which should make It possible to have
repeated in Denver such a brutal contest
us was witnessed in this city about one
week ago at one of these so-called athletic
associations."
It is not likely that the ordinance can
be passed over his veto.
Jfennedt/'fffatched «
Jigamst Ttfaher*
Wfagnet Won the »
Reserve Stake £
MAGNET WON
THE MIDWEEK
RESERVE STAKE
Bonnie Scotland Lost
in the Final.
PACE TOO SWIFT FOR ALMA
HERCHANCES SPOILED BY HARD
COURSE WITH EXPENSE.
The Hares Ran Unusually Strong,
Which Necessitated the With
drawal of Several Dogs.
Shortenders in Front.
Magnet succeeded In capturing the mid
week reserve stake for non-winners at
Vnion Coursing Park yesterday, after an
Interesting course with Bonnie Scotland.
Magnet led to the hare and performed the
lirst part of the work. Then there were
a few exchanges and Bonnie commenced
to wipe out Magnet's lead but killed too
quick. Magnet is one of the old-time
stake winners, while Bonnie Scotland has
never won yet.
A fine day's sport was enjoyed by a falr-
I Bizert crowd. The hares w.ere unusually
strong- and several escaped. There were
two exceptionally hard courses, necessi
tating the withdrawal of the winners. In
the third round lowa Girl beat Master
piece after a hard struggle. In the fourth
round Alma lost whatever chances she
might have had to win the stake by a
grueling course with Expense. Alma did
nil the work and another dog was let
loose, but the hare escaped.
The short-enders were fortunate as a
rule, notably Masterpiece, who beat Fire
man at 3 to 1; Wise Gezaba beat Fireball
at S to 1 and Geraldine beat Banner
Bearer at 3 to 1.
Following are the results in detail:
Exempt stake, first round— R. Attridge's
Masterpiece beat George E. Ehmann's Fire
ir.ai,; M. B. KavenitiiKh's Hani Lines beat J.
Byrnes' Nellie B. J. Keenan's Fear Not beat
H. E. Allen's (names) Menlo; E. M. Kellogg'*
lowa Girl beat O. J. Olson's Sunburst; K. Ma
loney's Preelta Girl beat J. McCormick's White
Tip; W. Goldman's Wise Gezaba beat O. H.
I^ahusen's Fireball; J. Perry's Black Chief
beat A. Johnson's Bald Kagle; E. M. Kellogg's
lowa Maid beat J. Ferris' Cleopatra: Handy
ft Smith's Dauntless beat J. McCormick's
Woodbyne; John Kerrigan's Lady Blanche beat
Hurley & Relly's Star of Cuba; Taylor <t Max
well's Lamplighter beat George E. Khmarins
Handicap; J. Seggerson's White Chief beat M.
Herzug's (names) Lady Norborne; S. E. Por
tal's Bonnie Scotland beat Stehl & Knowles'
Wag: W. H. Jones' Rustan beat J. H. Smith's
Merced; Aeneid kennels' Maid of Krin beat I>.
Ford's Hayseed; H. Lynch's Lexington beat H.
Hesaler'a Bessie B; George Sharman's (names)
Ml?s Skyrocket a bye; W. Creamer's JeSße
Moore drawn; Aeneid kennels' Van Cloie beat
M. London's Leonidas; Handy & Smith's
Mona beat F. Price's (names) Madge Wildfire;
F. Brown's Alma beat H. Weber's Montana;
Kussell. Allen & AVllson's Miss Alice beat
Pasha kennels' Road Agent; Hurley & Relly'S |
Expellee beat \V. ('. Glasson's Border Valen
tine; J. Jones' Galivani beat A. L. Austin's
Lord Marmion; T. Hood's (names) Geraldine
beat ft. E. de B. Lopez' Banner Bearer; W. H.
Jones' Prince Jerome beat w. C, Glasson's
Terronite; George H. Burfeind's Pastime beat
T. n iod's (names) I>emr>sey Lass; Lord &
Herbst's Kern* Oow beat R. Btrehl's Skylark;
H. A. Deckelman's Pet Kirby beat I. V. Hal
ton's Tic Tac; 11. Lynch's Loiterer beat It. E.
fle B. Lopez" Santa Rita; F. Brown's Sweet
Hriar beat J. M. Halton's (names) Briar Root; i
Ed Wilson's (names) Magnet beat K. Attridge's J
Charming May; Taylor & Maxwell's Bounding I
Belle beat S. Keenan's Master Gordon.
Second round— Masterpiece beat Hard Lines;
lowa Girl beat Fear Not; Precita Girl beat
Wise Gezaba; lowa Maid beat Black Chief;
Lady Blanche beat Dauntless; Lamplighter beat
White Chief: Bonnie Scotland beat Rustan;
Maid of Erin beat Lexington; Van Gloie beat
Miss Bkyrecket; Alma beat Mona; Expense beat
Mlfs Alice; Galivant beat Geraldine; Pastime
beat Prince Jerome: Pet Kirby beat Kerry
< »w; Sweet Briar beat Loiterer; Magnet beat
Bounding Belle.
Third round— lowa Girl heat Masterpiece;
lowa Maid beat Precita Girl; Lady Blanche
beat Lamplighter; Bonnie Scotland beat Maid
of Erin: Alma beat Van Clole; Expense beat
Oallvant; Pet Kirby beat Pastime; Magnet
beat Sweet Briar.
Fourth round — lowa Girl drawn; Lady
Blanche a bye: Bonnie Scotland beat lowa
Maid; Alma beat Expense; Macnet beat Pet
Kirby.
Fifth round— Bonnie Scotland beat Lady
Blanche; Alma withdrawn; Magnet a bye.
Final— Magnet beat Bonnie Scotland.
WILL COURSE AT INGLESIDE.
Ninety-Six Dogs Are Entered for the
Opening of the Park — Koolawn
Buled Off.
The draw for the oppii stake at Ingle-
Fide Park for to-morrow and Sunday was
held at Pythian Tastle last night. The
stake attracted ninety-six rntries. The
prizes are: To the winner $110, second
$75, third $50. three at $35, six at $20, twelve
at $12 GO and twenty-four at $5, a total of
$730. The draw resulted as follows:
XlnrTy-slx-dogc open stake- O. Abercrombie'9
Hock Island King vs. D. Ford's Hayseed; Mur
phy & Toland's Tea. ROM vs. ]•'. Acker's Moun
tain Ranker; a. Windenburg's Airship vs. T.
Harrington's L<ord Marmion: H. E. Allen's
Menln VS. Cttrtia A- Son's Croaker; T. T. Mc
llUßh's Empress vs. .1. SeKKerson's White
Chief; Connell Bros.' St. Helen vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Patria: A. Ohmeyer's Fair Rosa
lind vs. T. J. Cronin's Roue of Tralee; Murphy
ti Toland's Pleasant (Jirl vs. T. Gibson's Grip
inan; C. Campodonico's Rnbert J vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Pt. Oran; .1. Jones' Oalllvant vs.
T. Cooney's Black Hawk; \V. Creamer's Re-
I>ort vs. G. H. Lahusen's Fireball; J. Ivane's
Marietta vs. W. c. Gla»son'» Border's Valen
tine; T. Mannlx's Watervltch vs. J. Mooney'B
Silent Treasure; S. Hanson's Long Shot Conley
\ «. I' Ford'i Arnetta: Lord & Herbst's Kerry
<isw vs. J. Perry's Blaok Chief; A. Ohmcyer's
Hight Bower vs. M. Glynn's Richmond Maid;
T. Cooney's Modesty vs. O. Abereromble's
Irma: F. MoComb's Olein vs. Lord & Herbst's
Revolver; H. A. Peckelman's Fly Away 'vs.
Lynch & Vice's Scarfpin; M. Tiernan's Perse
cution vs. R. Attrldge's Charming May; Kay
Ac Trant's Leonora vs. M. B. Cavanaush's Hard
I-lnes; W. C. (MaMon'l Terronite vs. P. Her
rln's Martha Washington: J. J. Edmonds'
Mornine <"!lnry vs. .1. M>-< 'ormlck's White Lily;
W. Goldman's Wise Gezaba vs. E. M. Kel
logg's Lady Oilmore; T. Kelly's Wildwood vs.
H. Lynch's Lexington; H. Lynch' b Loiterer
\s. Hurley & Relly's O. K. Capitol; Hurley
& Reily's Star of Cuba vs. W. H. Jones'
Rustan; E. Wilson's Magnesia vs. T. J. Mc-
HuKh's MOM Rose; A. Ohmeyer's Fleetfoot vs.
M. B. Cfivanauph's Ski; J. Perry's Commodore
Nash vs. H. Weber's Montana; E. J. Scully's
AJax vs. D. Fords Juanita; H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Klrby vs. Handy & Smith's Mona;
Curtis & Son's Commodore vs. J. McCormlck's
Woodbine; Russell, Allen A Wilson' ■ Belle
(lair vs. J. Ivans Hrilliantlne: A. Massey's
HadiwiKt vs. L. Dempsey's Correct; J. Kee
nan's Fear Not vs. Georpe Ehman'g Fireman;
J. Keenan's Royal Buck vs. W. H. Jones'
I'rince Jerome; Con Gran's John Dean vs. A.
Maseey's Victor Chief; F. A. McComb's Lit
tle Joker Vs. G. Abercromble's Victor King:;
< icorge Burfeind's Pastime vs. A. Ohmeyer s
Lady Napoleon; A. Ohmeyer's Occidental vs.
W. Cramer's Jesse Moore; E. Maloney's Precita
Girl vs. J. Fitzsimmons" Peaceful Glen; J.
Olson' a Sunburst vs. W. N. Huap's Lady Nor
borne; T. J. Cronin's Arab vs. W. H. Jones'
Lady Marian; C. Peach's Lady Peach vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Mira Monte: Kay & Trant's
IMana vs. J. Bradshaw's Enterprise; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Rosle Clair vs. G. Abercrom
} le's Miss Richmond: Handy & Smith' 3 Daunt
less vs. George Ehman's Handicap.
At a meeting of the directorate of Union
Coursing Park last night the recent show
ing of the greyhound Koolawn was in
vestigated. As a result she and all her
future progeny were ruled off. Her own
ers, D. and R. A. Hooper, were ruled off
for six months with their dogs Morse's
Patrol, Bendalor.g and High Hand.
FINANCIAL PANIC FEARED.
Unsound Speculation Weakens the
German Money Market.
BERL.IN, Aug. 3.— The Deutsche Tapes
Zeituns to-day publishes a sensational
article predicting a great panic in the
German money market. The paper said
that during the last six months 1.090,
--000,000 of new shares were issued, of which ;
518,000.000 marks were industrial securi
ties, which it is alleged exceeds the whole
Issue of 1898.
A mass of evidence is quoted to prove i
the existence of unsound speculation.
OAKLAND BANTAMS
FIGHT TO FINISH
OAKLAND. Aug. 3.— There was a prize
fight to a finish to-night in the center of |
the city, and by a clever ruse the police
were prevented from interfering. Jake
Baumgarten, a well-known young |
bantam-weight, who has often fought at i
the Acme and Reliance clubs, knocked out !
a young colored fellow known about town
as Musa. There has been bad blood be- I
tween the two young boxers for some !
time, and last night at the gentlemen's
night of the Acme Club the quarrel came >
to a head and they decided to settle it
at the first opportunity.
A crowd of sports agreed to put up a
purse of $10. and to-night Baumgarten
and Musa met in the cellar under the
shaving parlor at Seventh and Broadway.
Everything was well arranged and well
known sports acted as timekeeper and
referee.
When time was called the two bantams
flew at each other and science was
superseded by anger. For about a minute
blows fell thick and fast. Jake landed
where he pleased, but he could havp
smashed his knuckles on Musa' a head
without any result to his antagonist, who
lacked courage. Musa was big enough to
have won. and did very well so long as
Jake let his stomach alone, but when
Baumgarten was advised to go for his
opponent's body the end came quickly.
Musa received two stiff punches in tho
stomach and lay down completely sense
less. Fear seized the crowd that he had \
been killed, and some one threw a bucket j
of ice-water over him. This brought him
to just as the police arrived and were in
formed that a shaving contest had been !
waged. Hearing this Detective Holland
was satisfied and left. The mill was very
vicious while It lasted and Baumgarten
was given the purse. No arrests were
made, as when the police returnr'l later
the crowd had dispersed and the officers
were informed that the lads had merely
boxed with eight-ounce gloves and that
no one had been badly hurt. The fight '
was witnessed by many of the leading
merchants and attorneys on Broadway.
Late to-night one of the officers of the
Reliance Club complained to the police of
the affair, saying that it should not be
allowed, as the fight took place on a :
cement floor and in a dark basement. He |
said that If anybody had been seriously
injured or killed it would have given the
legitimate sport a setback that it would
not recover from for years. Chief Hodg- i
kins will make a thorough investigation. ;
JENNINGS DOES GOOD
WORK FOR BALTIMORE
Signalizes Hi 3 Debut With the Ori
oles by Pounding the Ball
Frequently.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ( Clubs— W. L.. Pet. !
Brooklyn ...60 30 .686 Cincinnati ..46 43 .517
Boston 55 34 .618 Pittsburg ...47 44 .615
Philadelphia 54 36 .6001 Louisville ...40 49 .449
Baltimore ..52 37 .584|New York. B7 .3SO
St. Louis 61 39 .567 Washington 31 .IS .070
Chicago 48 40 .545 Cleveland ...16 76 .174 |
PITTSBURG, Aug. Jennings, who was
unexpectedly swapped to the Orioles for Nops '
and Demontrevllle, was a big factor in four j
of the visitors' runs. His two and three-bag- j
gers brought in two runs, and he scored two
on hits by Brodie. Notwithstanding this han
dicap, Pittsburg had three chances to win,
but amateurish playing, which does not show
in the score, gave the victory to the other i
fellows: Attendance, 2000. Score:
Pittsburg R. H E.
PlttsMirg 4 8 4 !
Baltimore 5 9 li
Batteries — Chesbro, Sparks, and Bowprman;
Howell and Robinson. Umpires — Emslie and
McDonald.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 3.— The Phillies won j
two games from Cleveland to-day, shutting i
the visitors out in the second. Both games |
were tiresome. Attendance, 5036. Score, first I
ga*ne:
R. H. E.
Ceveland 16 3
Philadelphia (j 12 2
Batteries— and Sugden; Platt and,
McFarland. Umpires— Gaftney and Latham.
Second game:
R. H. E. ;
Cleveland 0 5 0 1
Philadelphia 4 8 2
Batteries— Hughey and Sugden: Donahue and
Douglass. Umpires — Gaffney and Latham.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Powell and Garvln en- j
gaged In a pitchers' battle to-day in which
Garvln came out winner. Burkett was the only
visitor to solve the youngster's' delivery, get- !
ting three of the four hits. The locals could i
not find Powell until the eighth, when they !
made a double and two singles, scoring the
only run made. Attendance 1200. Score:
R. H. E. ;
Chicago 14 2 ;
St. Louis 0 4 1J
Batteries— Garvln and Donahue: Powell and I
Schrecongost. Umpires— Day and Smith.
Charged With Insanity.
WOODLAND, Aup. 3.— Percy A. Mer
ritt, an insurance solicitor, is under ar
rest on a charg* of insanity. Ills talk
I* Incoherent and his actions at times
violent. As he has been a resident of
Woodland only a month, the origin of his
trouble is unknown. He is supposed to
have hailed from Santa Barbara-
Warner Miller at Auburn.
AUBURN, Aug. 3.— Senator Warner
Miller of New York is in Auburn. Mr.
Miller, with other New York capitalists,
is Interested In the Pine quartz mine in
Wolf district, ten miles from here. Some
rich rock has been taken out.
I —^— •— w— — — w— — w — w — w— 9 9— — w~ w — •— w— w — —
\i Dr. McLaughlin Method!
■
l\ Explanation of the New System of Electrical Treat-
o ment and Reasons for Its Great Success.
O The Dr. McLaughlin method is a special means of applying electric-
' ity to the body, adopted by myself after twenty years of close study and
y experiment. I use the current in a mild, continuous stream, generating
w it from a body, battery, which Is worn about the waist while the pa-
j tient sleeps. The object of the system is to replace that wonderful vital
• force in the bodies of the sick and weak, so that it will stay there. I
I have found out how to do this and my thousands of grateful patients
j attest my success.
• , CURES PAINS IN A DAY. Thousands of people have pains which
are the result of. a waste of strength and other symptoms of debility
" from the same cause. ' When my method is followed the body is filled
£ with electricity every night while the patient is sleeping peacefully,
I and this electricity generates a new force in the nerves, adds warmth
w and vigor to the stomach and liver and assists the circulation, so that
I new life is given to fill parts of the body and perfect health follows, j
w WHY IT CURES. It cures because it restores strength, and where
| there is vitality there can be no pain, no weakness, no trouble. It fills
£ every part of the body with new strength and assures perfect health.
I* If you have any trouble which you have been unable to cure, call
w and test my treatment free; or, if you cannot call, write for my free
| booklet describing it. Act to-day.
«
Dr. ffl. A. McLaughlin, W^^sMM
9 Office Hours-* a.m. to 8:30 p.m.: Sunday*. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUOOTORKB.
9— #— o— ♦— o—o— o—o-0 c>— o- c 9 9—9—9—o—oQ o >■■
HULL'S WIFE
LEFT HOME IN
FEAR OF DEATH
Police Officer Sued for
Maintenance.
If the allegations of Mrs. Sarah E. S.
Hall arc based on facts the conduct of
Officer Charles H. Hall, her husband,
should be thoroughly investigated by tho
Police Commissioners. Mrs. Hall tiled
suit yesterday against her husband lor
maintenance, the basis for the action be
ing fully set forth in her complaint.
■•On the 3d day of July." the complaint
reads, "the defendant willfully deserted
the plaintiff by then and there causing the
plaintiff. Mrs. Hall, to depart from tne
family place by reason of his cruel treat
ment of and acts toward plaintiff. By
reason of the acts of Officer Hall the
plaintiff apprehended that defetida nt
would do her great and lasting bodily
threatened to throw plain
tiff out of the family dwelling place if she
did not leave, and threatened to chop ncr
to pieces, at the same time exhibiting ana
menacing plaintiff with a large dirk
knife, and at numerous times used vio
lent and opprobrious language towanl
plaintiff, too vulgar to be here pleaded.
Mrs. Hall further says that during their
married life, since May 19, 1877. sfie has
been uniformly kind to her husband, and
his acts, threats and cruelty were with
out cause or provocation on her part She
says that she is without money or mean*
with which to support herself or to prose
cute the action, and hence asks a decree
of court compelling her husband to pay
her $150 counsel fees. $75 costs and $50 a
month hereafter as alimony for her main
tenance and support.
The complaint is verified under oath by
Mrs. Hall, and hence the actions of Hall
will doubtless receive the attention of tho
Commissioners.
MERCHANTS WANT
A BRANCH MUSEUM
MANY ADVANTAGES TO WEST
ERN BUSINESS MEN.
W. P. Wilson of the Philadelphia
Institution Offers Great Induce
ments to San Francisco.
The proposition of the Merchants' Asso
ciation to establish in this city a branch
of the Philadelphia Commercial Museum
i Is attracting not a little attention on the
| part of the exporters, merchants and
: manufacturers. The advantages of hav
ing such a bureau of information becomes
' more apparent every clay. As a fact the
movement was started nearly a year ago,
i when C. A. Green, assistant chief of the
1 bureau of information of the National
Museum was in this city. He went to the
i Orient, where he obtained over three tons
! of the principal products of China, Japan
i and tho Philippine Islands, which he sent
to the headquarters in the East. Besides
j the exhibits he collected all the data and
i Information that went with the goods.
Upon his return he talked the matter
1 over with J. A. Filcher, manager of the
' State Board of Trade, with a view r,f
i learning the Wishes of the people as in
establishing a branch hrre. He also in
terviewed C. A. Denicke, who was very
i enthusiastic in his support of the propo
i Eition. As Mr. Green was not authorized
:to act, nothing was done at the time. It
i was not long after that when the Mc
i chanics' Institute went to the head of
I a movement to obtain from the United
i States Government an appropriation of
I $50,000 for a permanent exhibit in this
' city of the raw and manufactured prod
■ ucts of the world and the compiling of
, euch information concerning the same as
i would be of service to the commerce of
the coast. This fell through on account
of the matter being Drought up in Con
; gress so close to the close of that body's
b< -sion.
The project was of such importance that
, it was not doomed to die, and recently,
1 when several of the members of the amo
-1 elation were in Philadelphia, they dis
cussc-d it again with W« P. Wilson, the
manager of the museum. The latter is In
favor of having a separate institution
here, arguing that a branch of the Na
! tional Museum will be of special benefit to
I the West. In the first place, much of the
j surplus goods of the parent exhibit could
! be sent to this city, but more Important
: still is the furnishing of the information,
! data, prices, changes, supply, etc., of all
I kinds of goods and commodities of this
! and foreign countries. All this would be
furnished in duplicate to the museum
here. Mr. Wilson states that while the
Philadelphia museum is able to attend
to all of the business of the world, it
would be greatly benefited by having a
branch in San Francisco.
The reason is that this being the ex
treme western part of the commercial
i centers of the Union a branch here would
! be in closer touch with the commercial
| Interests of the Orient and Central and
I South America than the Quaker City. A3
a fact, the name "Philadelphia Commer
cial Museum" is often misleading. The
body is a national and not a local insti
tution, and its interests lie in every part
of the United States. As soon as the
Merchants' Association gets the tax levy
and election off its hands It will take up
the matter of establishing the branch
j museum here.NO SPREAD OF
YELLOW FEVER
Confined Within the
Original Limits.
SOURCE OF DISEASE TRACED
BROUGHT BY A VETERAN" FROM
SANTIAGO.
He Has Since Gone to Columbus City,
Washington — Arrangements for
the Removal of
Troops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. -3.— The marine
hospital officials at Hampton Roads have j
succeeded in tracing and locating the for
mer Inmate of the liers' Home who is i
believed to have brought yellow fever to
that place. His name Is William Thomas.
He arrived at the home on a transport
from Santiago, where he had been visiting j
from July 2 to 5 last. He was admitted j
to the home as a veteran and soon, after !
developed chills and fever. In the light j
of subsequent events the experts believe ;
there is little doubt that he was afflicted j
with a mild case of yellow fever, although
it was not diagnosed as such at the time.
When well enough to travel he left the
home and his baggage was sent to Phoe
bus. Then he went to • lumbus City,
Wash., where he now is.
Surgeon General Wyman regards it as i
fortunat<- that Thomas went to such a J
high altitude, as it lessens any danger
cf'infeetion.
Regarding the probable duration of the ]
present epidemic Dr. Wyman said to-day:
"It is yet too early to make predictions j
as to the suppression of the olubreak,
only fcur days having elapsed since the
discovery of the fever. Ihe fact that
Thomas, the original suspect, has gone
north, takes considerable weight off our
minds, as he is now in a latluide where ;
there is no chance of yellow ••ver doing
great damage. Our past experience, ;
though, has shown that yellow fever can !
be suppressed and confined to the original"
focus of infection when the precautions ;
are .ken early enough in the outbreak.
This . as shown at Brunswick, Ga.. in
.
"It -was also true in the outbreaks at
McHenry, Miss., and Franklin, La. In the
latter •two epidemics there were other I
outbreaks In Mississippi and Louisiana \
about the - mi time, but there is good
reason to believe the ■ ction was car
ried to the outlying points before the j
quarantine of the original focus was put j
in fox-ce. We believe the quarantine pre- i
cautions as now enforced in the South are
effective. Where there has been appar- |
ently a spread through the official lines ;
it has been due to tardy information of :
the outbreaks. This shows the necessity
of prompt reports in all cases."
It was finally decided this afternoon
that the garrison at Fort Monroe shall j
be taken away on the Government trans- !
port McClellan, which will Leave New
York to-night and arrive at the fort to
morrow. __________
MURDERED IN OKLAHOMA.
Search for the Heirs of an Unfortu-
nate Suisun Man.
SUISUN, Aug 3.— Several residents of
this vicinity have received letters from
Chandler, O. T., asking for information
which may lead to the discovery of heirs
to the estate of Michael Carroll, formerly
of this city, who was killed in Oklahoma
Territory la.st October. Carroll left a
valuable farm and unless heirs are found
the property will fall into the hands of
others.
The murder of Carroll is the second re
corded of where a Suisun man met death
BULLETS FLEW
IN THE EARLY
MORNING HOURS
"Billy" Swift Fired
Thrice to Kill.
TRAGEDY NARROWLY AVERTED
GRANT AVENUE THE SCENE OF
INTENSE EXCITEMENT.
Ex-Patrol Driver H. Shallenberg and
Lottie Meyers Arrested for
Being Implicated in the
Shooting.
Three loud pistol reports startled be
lated pedestrians in the vicinity of Grant
le and Market street early yesterday
morning. A crowd quickly gathere/1, but
nrielder of the revolver had hastily
ppeared, much to the chagrin of
Officer Gelman, who arrived too
n the scene to capture the assailant,
who appeased his disappointment by
arresting Lottie Meyers and Harry Shal
l^xiber?. an ex-patrol driver and hospital
I dant, who were implicated in the
affair.
That some one was not killed by the
flying leaden missiles is a miracle, as there
■ people on the street when the
sd. One bullet snipped a
whip that was In the socket of a coupe
and another just creased the chevron of
AUTHOR OF "McTEAGUE"
TO WED A LOCAL BELLE
£ pr.ANK NORRIS, the celebrated
H California novelist, la soon to be
>tti» a benedict. Yesterday the
-* author went around and an-
A nounced that Miss Jeannette Black.
L daughter of Robert M. Black, the
"^ well-known mining man. had promised
I ) make him the happiest of men.
"* Of the circumstances surrounding
Q the bethothal the groom-to-be had
+ nothing to say. In fact, happiness
le him dumb. All he would or
could vouchsafe was that no date for
* the wedding had as yet been set, and
that Miss Black was charming and
ompllshed.
Mlea Rlark. who resides with her
parents at 1324 Octavia street, is a San
t* Francisco girl.
Mr. N'orrls Is one of the authors Cal-
L i for >iia is most proud of. With very
little introduction to the reading public
V the young writer 3prang suddenly into
■* fame last year as the author of
■'McTeague." a book that has acquired
X a reputation abroad as well as at
/. home. x
Like Its famous predecessor, "Moran of the Lady Letty," it has run y
•* through an edition In London, and now "Blix," that was presented to the Jf
A reeding public In several forma, is about to be published 'in the English Q
V capital. i
T At present Mr. Norr'.s Is busy gathering flata for his new novel, "The T
Q Octopus." that will deal in realistic fashion with the trouble between the (/
-ft Western farmer and the. railroad combine. • i-
A On the IBth inst. Mr. Norrls leaves for the East, and on his return it is A
V probable that he will lead the lady of his choice to the altar. V^
in the Territory, the first being that of
William Pox, who worked in this vicinity
six years ago and who later went to tne
Territory to live. Ho had a bad habit of
displaying bis wraith and It is thought
that he wan murdered for his money, as
hw had about 14000 when he left here.
♦■
NO NEW TREATY MADE
WITH NICARAGUA
Document Referred to by Zelaya Was
Simply an Agreement Ragard
ing Duties.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— ln his mes
sage to the Nicaragua Congress yester
day President Zalaya referred to a treaty
made with the United States of date
April 2 r .> last. Tt is learned upon Inquiry
at the State Department that this was
merely an agreement entered into by Min
ister Merry and the Nicaraguan Govern
ment, by which the $9000 In duties col
lected from the American merchants in
Blueflelds against their protest by Gen
eral Torres was placed in the hands of
the British Consul at Bluefleldfl pending
an agreement as to its disposition. Ip
to this moment the two governments ara
still In negotiation or, this subject.
Senor Correa, Minister from Nicaragua,
has returned to Wi shington after a two
months' visit home .luring which he con
ferred with President Zelaya • oncerning
the Blueflelds affair and also the Nicara
gua canal qu« stion.
During his visit The Nicaragnan Gov
ernment honored Mr. Correa by appoint
ing him Minister to Chile. As ho had
numerous private interests in Washington
the appointment was chanjred so as to
make him Minister ai Washington instead
of Charge d' Affaires.
DECORATIONS FOR THE
DEWEY RECEPTION
Pennsylvania Railroad Company Will
Contribute an Electric Arch
and All Piers Will Be
Decorated.
NEW YORK. Aug. ".— Chairman Foster
of the Dcwey reception committee said
to-day that a letter had been received
from the president of the Pennsylvania
Railway Company promising to comply
with the wishes of the committee In re
gard to the decoration of the company's
property.
The company promises to decorate the
end of its pier with a design in electric
lights in the form of a double arch with
the words "Welcome to Dewey." which
will be seen all over the harbor. The com
pany will also decorate with flaps its oth
er piers and the steamship companies
have premised to decorate their piers on.
the Jersey side in a similar manner, so
that there will be an appropriate display
on both sides of the river on the occasion
of the celebration.
ft was decided to have five or ten thou
sand children at Grant's t"mb on the sec
ond day of the Dewey celebration. They
will be "formed into a square and will sing
B.>n?rs in honor of the admiral. This is a
?übstitute for the children's parade, which
was at first proposed.
CHRISTIAN UNION
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
Thousands Attend the Second Day's
Session of the Convention
at Pittsburgh
PITTSBT'RG. Aug. 3.— Over S"W dele
gates attended I i i session of the
Young People's Christian Union conven
tion to-day, held in the Duquesne Garden
auditorium. After prayer by Rev. J. I*.
Ban! R ter X. V.. Rev. Addison
Alexander r»-ad the report of the commit
tee on nominations, which was as follows:
President. Schuyler W. Livingston of
iry, Miss l>aisv Stinson of
dee secretary, Hugh M. .Muffltt
of Monmouth, 111.
President Moffitt then asked that these
1... ; -> • | . lected and the elec
tion was unanimous. President Moffitt
unced that T. C. McKelvey the aew
incoming chairm - mmlt
tee, had appointed E. K. Marquis of In
dianapolis, fiid.. treasurer.
Corporal Searles of the Fourth Tnited
States ("avalry, who was rushing away to
avoid being hit.
Investigation developed the fact that a
man named "Billy" Swift, whose place in
the Tenderloin has added interest t<> his
name, and an ex-soldier known as "Vie"
were the chief principals in the early
morning shooting affray. According to
witnesses the quarrel which led t" !':••
shooting originated in "Billy" Abbott's
notorious resort on Dupont street. Swift,
"Vie" and Bhallenberg were drinking in
the saloon early in the evening and
quarreled over the affections of a girl
named May. Both Swift and Shallenberg |
were armed and friends, knowing this,
parted them and prevailed on Swift to
leave the place.
About 4 o'clock in the morning Shallen
berg and Lottie Meyers were homeward
bound. They were met at the corner of
Grant avenue and Geary street by Swift.
who was being taken home by his friend
"Vie." Swift immediately recognized his
rival and broke from his escort and made ;
a vicious attack on Shalfenberg. The
Meyers woman, fearing she would be i
mixed up in the fight, hurried away and
was joined by Corporal Searles, who ap
peared in the guise of a rescuer.
It is claimed that when attacked Shal
lenberg pulled out his pistol ;,, protect '
himself. Swift was not slow to follow
with his gun, but unlike Shallenberg, i
started to use it. He fired at Sh.ill* nb( rg,
but the latter saved himself by taking
flight. As he sped down Grant avenue to i
Market stn el two more bullets whistled |
over his head.
. The Meyers woman sought refuge in the
doorway* of the Ely the. building, where !
she was found later in a hysterical con
dition. She gave the facts as .already
narrated and was corroborated by her
soldier friend. She then started home, but |
was taken into custody by Officer Geiman
and sent along with Shallenberg to the |
Central Station, where she whs booked.
for vagrancy and Shallenberg for carry
ing a I weapon.
During the ride to the prison Shallen
berg watched his opportunity and threw
two letters out on the street for fear
they might incriminate him. Both epistles
were found by one of The Call staff. One
was from the* divine Rubie. who spoke Of
and ''ins- •! with a thou
sand kisses and other signs of affection
for the unlucky Harry. The other was
from Sadie, who begged Shallenberg to !
help her find her lost lover, whom she I
< ailed "Murph," and who is said to be i
hiding In this city for a "fellow named |
Jack Breen."
Both Shallenberg and Lottie Meyers ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.
HELD ON CHARGE
OF EMBEZZLEMENT
Ex -Sheriff McKenzie's
Woes Multiply.
FELONY ACCUSATION HEARD
FORMER OFFICIAL BOUND OVER
FOR TRIAL.
Said to Have Converted to His Own
Use Personal Property Ho
Seized on an Attach
ment.
Special Dispatch to The« Call.
NAPA, Aug. 3.— George S. Mc-
Kenzie, for twelve years Sheriff
of Napa County, has not only
a charge of murder against him,
but an additional accusation of
felony embezzlement. He was held to
answer to the Superior Court to-day by
■ a committing magistrate.
While Sheriff of Napa County he as-
I signed to F. Borreo for collection a
I claim he had against D. McVicker.
GEORGE S. McKENZIE.
' Suit was hroug-ht and, McKenzie as
' Sheriff attached and took possession of
$3000 worth of personal property in the
possession of D. McVlcker and then,
under claim of title, converted it to his
own use.
H. M. Baxstow, McKenzie's leg-al ad
vlser, testified that he had advised the
Sheriff he could in his individual ca
pacity retain possession of the prop
erty he had taken as an official. The
cotirt did not agree with counsel, but
ordered the ex-Sheriff held to answer
and released him on $5000 hail.
DOYLE RELEASED.
Judgment of the lowa Court Set
Aside.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Aug. 3.— James
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday
morning and their cases were continued
until the police can find Swift.
SECRETARY WILSON
LEAVES FOR HOME
HIS VISIT MAY MEAN MUCH TO
CALIFORNIA FARMERS.
The Head of the Department of Agri
culture Makes Pertinent Criti
cisms on the Dairy Industry.
Secretary of Agriculture James Wilson
returned yesterday from Los Angeles and
departed this morning for Nevada en
route tv his home in Washington, D. C.
He expressed himself as much pleased by
the reception which has been accorded
him by the people of this State, and
■ I many eulogiums on the resources
of California and its general adaptability
to all classes of agricultural industry.
The reason of the' Secretary's visit to
the southern part of the State was not
only to acquaint himself in a general way
with the agricultural conditions of the
country, but was taken with the par
ticular purpose of meeting a number of
scientific foresters that were sent out here
by his department to report on the con
ditions of the woods of this State.
"This forestry question is of pressing
importance," said the Secretary last
evening. "The woods are being destroyed
too rapidly. Some of the best scientists
of the department in this particular line
are now oat here studying the application
of water to fuel. Of course they have not
yet made their report, and my trip to
Los Angeles was to acquaint myself in a
feneral way with what some of them are
oing. But I am confident that when they
do make their report it will be found to
contain much information which will be
of inestimable value to those engaged In
the lumber business and all pertaining
the ret' ).
"]n the valleys of California I find the
farmers giving some attention to dairy
ing, but they are not devoting to that
industry anything like the energy it de
mands. When 1 wanted to send butter,
cheese and i-e;, r = to China I found that the
State had nothing to export. Now this
stair- of things should not exist. The
beet pulp fiom your sugar factories
should be utilized for feeding purposes
nu(\ nothing that I know of produces
bettor milk and richer butter than this
same pulp. If this was done the land that
Is now uspd for grazing would be given
to the production of dairy produce and
the returns from that industry would in
a short time grow to an amount that
would make you open your eyes in amaze
in f• n t . ' "
Yesterday, the Secretary's last day in
California, was spent by him in receiv
ing the visits of personal friends and in
inspecting the agricultural experimental
station in Berkeley, It is the intention
of Secretary Wilson' to repeat his vi.sit
next year, if his duties at home will per
mit of his absenting himself from Wash
ington for the length of time necessary
to make the trip.
A CHINESE RUSE.
Novel Means Employed by a Society
to Collect Dues.
A See Tup Society has adopted a novel
means of collecting duos from delinquent !
members. About three days ago circulars
were posted threatening members with
arrest if they did not produce $1 50, which
is the amount of dues exacted by the so
ciety. The trouble arose from the fact
that certain Chinese have been in the
habit of d. -parting for the Celestial King
dom, leaving an unpaid due bill behind.
The society now has agents stationed at
all out-going steamers whose duty it is to
see that all members of the tong have a
receipt for $1 50 in their possession. Ac- I
cording to the circular, which has caused
much commotion in Chinatown, should
any of the Chinamen attempt to evade
his dues he will be immediately placed
under arrest. The proclamation is cal- J
culated to frighten the runaway delin- !
quent and is opposed by many members
of the society.
Sale of a Hopyard.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 3.— At trustee sale
to-day the J. M. C. Jasper hop yard and
orchard near Wheatland were sold to P.
C. Drescher of Sacramento for $32,000.
C. Doyle, the mining man who has been
confined in jail here seven months on ac
count of having disregarded an injunction
Issued by the District Court forbidding
him to prosecute a suit in .the lowa courts
against James Burns, president of the
Portland Gold Mining Company, was re
leased to-day by order of the court, the
judgment obtained in the lowa court hav
ing been set aside.
PRIEST'S DEPARTURE
GRIEVES CONVICTS
Inmates of San Quentin Send a
Touching Testimonial to
Father Lagan.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Aug. 3.—
When Rev. Hugh Lagan departed for San
Francisco to assume the pastorate of
Sacred Heart parish he was given a re
ception at the Hall Rafael, where several
prominent citizens paid the popular priest
a well-deserved eulogy for his broad
minded policy in both civic and religious
affairs. He was presented with two testi
monials, one written and the other of a
more substantial nature.
From the convicts at the penitentiary
comes another testimonial — one from the
men he has comforted in the* hour of their
adversity and sorrow. It is written not
in smooth, flowing phrase and the page
does not scintillate with the jewels of
language, but its meaning and the sorrow
of the prisoners at the loss of the priest
is so plain that the document has not
failed to strike a responsive chord in the
hearts of those who have been permitted
to read it. The. testimonial was en
grossed by a convict forger, who is an
expert penman, and reads in part as fol
lows:
CALIFORNIA STATE PRISON.-
At San Quentin, July, 1899.
Greettng-Our Dear Father, Rev. Hugh La
gan: We present this testimonial of our sin
cerest record and best wishes at a moment
filled with deepest concern to us. to whom you
have for the period of seventeen years min
istered with the Inflexible intesrlty and rigid
honor of the man, tempered by the sublime ten
derness and devotion of the father. While we
hall your preferment with heartiest acclaim
we do so w tth many heart pangs. Many of us
have brought our trials and trouhlea to you
constantly through the entire period of your
ministry here. In these years we have been
appreciative witnesses and recipients of your
bounty. In moments of direst need have you
Stood the rock upon which we might cast our
burdens, and In the sunshine of your goodness
and benlsrnlty we have risen from the llough
of de3pond and walked the path which leads to
good endeavor and attendant happiness. .
a We desire, dear father, to recall particularly
your work am, the condemned. Your per
ponality and precept have been the beacons on
their voyage to eternity. They have laid their
weary burdens upon your broad shoulders while
their souls have winded their way to that para
dise our holy church has prepared for all her
faithful and loyal communicants.
We ask a benediction on you. dearest father,
and may you ever be mindful that amid the
scenes of desolation and distress so dear to
you are to be found hearts loyal and l<al,
whose voices shall continually rise in invoca
tion to heaven for blessings upon your le
voted head.
THE h CATHOLIC PRISONERS OF SAN
QUENTIN PRISON.
LIFELESS BODY
FOUND IN A BUGGY
Emil Jeanney Murdered on the
Road, Presumably for His
Money.
MEADVTLLE. Pa.. Aug. S— Emil Jean
ney, aged 3S years, of Frenchtown, was
murdered last night between this city and
Connaut Lake.
His horse and buggy arrived at Oonnaut
Lake to-(iay containing the corpse "of
Mr. Jeanney with a bullethole in his back.
The supposition is that the murderer in
tended robbing his victim but that the
horse ran away. The dead man's pockets
Contained $75. his watch and other per
sonal property.
MURDEEED IN BED.
Young Man the Victim of an Un
known Assassin.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— GenrßP C. Gallagher,
a young plumber, was mysteriously mur- i
dered at his home last night while his !
mother and cousin were asleep in The
adjoining room. The only clew to the j
murderer Is a torn window netting In j
Gallagher's room and a revolver found in
the rear of the house.
BROKE ONE BIG
FIRM ONLY TO
FORM ANOTHER
Page, McCutcheon &
Eeils Dissolved.
THEY CAN MAKE MORE MONEY
LAWYERS BELIEVE IT IS BE
CAUSE OF THE TEVIS WILL.
In Order to Avoid Dividing" the Fee 3,
They Say, the Old Firm Was
Dissolved and the New
One Formed.
The law firm of Page, McCutcheon &
Eells has been dissolved, and in the sur
prise at the dissolution of a partnership
supposed to be a permanent one, the legal
fraternity is quietly smiling at what they
believe is the reason for the breakup. It
I was no common cause, the lawyers say;
' it was nothing less than a will and the
will of the millionaire, Lloyd Tevls, and
i so the fees would not be split up into too
many portions, the firm was quietly dis
solved and a new one was built upon its
asht-H. In the new one are Page; Mc-
Cutcheon, Harding and Knight. Harding
■ is Reinhart Harding of the old firm,
who. it is said, has been kept in a posi
tion much subordinate to ihat he held be
fore. Knight is Sam Knight. ex-Assistant
United States District Attorney. The men
who were left out in the cold are "Charles
i P. Eells, who for twenty years was a
: partner of Page in the old firm of Page
& Eells. and Michael N. Michael.
The firm of Page, McCutcheon & Eells
has been in existence for over four years. .
! It was formed by the introduction into
< the firm of Page & Eplls of Edward J.
McCutcheon, who had been with M. M.
ESstee for a long time. Eteinhart Harding
| was added later. It was always appar-
I ently a prosperous firm and appeared to
i do a great deal of good business, so when
' it was announced that the firm had dis
solved the question "why" was prominent
among the comments in legal circles.
Mr. Page's explanation of the dlssolu
' tion is that about three months ago Mc
i Cutcheon and hn decided that the mem-
I hers of the firm could make more money
I if it separated into individual members
and each went into business for himself.
"It was three months ago," he said last
i evening, "when Mr. McCutcheon and I
' reached this decision. When we had done ,
; po we passed a resolution dissolving the
i firm. No, we did not constitute a major
ity, but we passed a resolution dissolv
; ing the firm, and we got out. There is no
! truth in any story of dissensions among
| us. We parted on the best of terms.
■ We simply thought we could do better if
! we separated, and we separated. We took
Mr. Harding into our firm, and three
: months ago we spoke to Mr. Knight.
i There was then no thought of the Tevis
will. Mr. Tevis was not dead, nor have
we yet seen anything of the will. It has
not yet been opened and I have no knowl
edge whether or not we will get it. In
fact, I have no official -knowledge of the
, will at all."
It is just this official knowledge of the
Tevis will that has caused a legal smile
to light the faces of local lawyers. The
old firm had as a matter of fact no offl
! cial knowledge of the will, for the will
! will not be opened before the return of
! Mrs. Sharon from the East. It is under
i stood that McCutcheon will get the pre
j clous document to probate, but it has not
[ yet been given to him, so it Is not the
property of the present firm nor was It
the property of the old firm. Hence if the
firm dissolved It could not be said that
it was deprived of anything It never had,
and If then the will were turned over to |
McCutcheon the old firm would have no
FIRST DIVIDEND
OF UNION BANK
Five Per Cent Paid to
Depositors.
ANOTHER TO FOLLOW SOON
PATRONS TO GET FORTY CENTS
ON THE DOLLAR.
Throughout the Day a Crowd of
Men and Women Throngs
the Defunct Concern's
Building.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— The 5 per cent oivi
■lend on dspe-siis declared by the insolvent
I'niori Hp.nk was m.ide payable
to-day and chat institution was crowded
all da^ long by depositors anxious to re
cover what little they could frjui their
savings. Nearly six months :.'.s:o the bank
closed Its doors, and tr.is Is tUe first pay
mc-nt that has l>een made on the settle
ment of accounts. It amounts to but $5
en the $ICO, and it takes between $37,000
and fJS.'WO to pay the dividend in full.
About 500 depositors were paid to day,
and when the banU closed at 3 o'clock
thtre was still a crowd about the prem
ises. There are over 20<Xt depositors in all,
and it wili take several days to pay them.
The bank directors are now negotiating
for the sale of some valuable securities
held in San Francisco, and if the deal
goes through, it is claimed, another divi
dend of from 10 to 15 per cent veil, be
paid within two months.
The affairs of the bank are looking a
little brighter, but the directors admit
that the assets will not pay over -10
cents on the dollar. The depositors them
selves think they will be lucky if they
get but little more than this.
It is not thought much will be realized
from the assessments to be levied on the
stockholders. Two months ago an assess
ment of ?lu a share was levied, but so far
only a couple' of men have paid this as
sessment. The sale of stock to satisfy
this assessment was stopped by injunction
proceedings by the stockholders, »k It was
feared that through the bank bidding in
the stock the stockholders could rid them
selves of their pro rata liability.
Suit will shortly be commenced against
Myra E. and William H. Wright for the
recovery of the bank premises at the cor
ner of First and Fountain streets. Those
were deeded to Mrs. Wright for a loan
of $60,000. According to a decision of the
Attorney General the bank was a savings
institution and bad no right to transfer
its property. The building and ground
are worth $53,000. It is expected to re
cover securities pledged to San Francisco
banks under thjs decision.
BBAZIL BOUNDARY DISPUTE.
Great Britain Accepts the Grand
Puke of Baden as Arbitrator.
Spf><-ial Cable to The '"all ami the New York
HpraM. Copyrighted, 1!>99, by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, Aug. 3.— A dispatch
from London announces that the British
Government has accepted the Grand Duke
of Baden as arbitrator on the boundary
question at issue between Brazil and
British Guiana.
The municipality here has resolved to
contract a loan of £fi.onn i OOO. with th.? ob
ject of improving the sanitary condition
of the city.
New Pastor for Seattle.
MADIS<»N. ■\Yis.. Aug. 3.— Rev. W. P.
Pimnnrls. pastor of the Unitarian Church
hnre. has accepted a call to Seattle,
Wash., and will take charge of the pas
torate there on October 1.
real objection coming. It would have no
fees coming either, which is an incident
in the case. It is this incident the legal
fraternity is saying that caused the disso
lution. One fee, however large, divided
among Page, McCntcheon, Sells, Harding
and Michael, all full partners, would not
amount to so much individually as the
same fee divided between Page and Mc-
Cutcheon, full partners, and Harding and
Knight, side partners.
Mr. Pag^ declares that the deal was
commenced three months ago. It was just
about the time Tevis was reported as be
ing very seriously ill. and so it could have
bad nothing whatever to do with his will,
for he had not died. The dissolution took
place about a week ago. according to Mr.
J'iigc. perhaps a day or so after the d^ath
of Tevis. which occurred on the night of
July 24. but the will had nothing to do
with it. It was simply because the '.inn
could make more money by separating
than by continuing on as it had been do
ing.
Michael was away on his vacation when
he received his notification of dissolu
tion. When he returned the letter was
waiting for him at the University Clnb.
It merely stated that the firm had been
dissolved, but it was hoped that fact
would not interfere with his vacation.
Mrs. Sharon is due to arrive h:-ir any
day. As soon as she appears the will wlfl
be" opened and then it will go to some
lawyer. The new firm has no i lea
whether or not it will get the testament,
but if it does, it being- an entirely new
organization, the old firm can have no
claims upon it.
OPIUM FACTORY SEIZED.
Special Internal Revenue Agent Burt M.
Thbmafl and posse seized a Chinese opium
factory at No. Ift Washington alley yes
terday. The inmates, except the cook,
fled by a rear passage before the officers
succeeded in gaining an entrance. The
factory was owned by Man Sing, and he
will be arrested as soon as he can be
found. No one except American citizens
are allowed to manufacture opium In the
United States, and even then must pay
a revenue tax of $10 per pound for the
privilege of making an article that can
be obtained for $2 per pound. In a panel
in the wall Deputy Collector Gilehrist
found seventy-five flve-tael tins of pre
pared opium ready for shipment.
Already Well Paid.
The judgment, and order of the lower
court of this city in the case of Peter W.
Watson against Eliza M. Miller, adminis
tratrix of the estate of A. P. More, de
ceased, was affirmed yesterday by the
Supreme Court. Watson sued to recover
$30,000, claimed to be due for work and
services to More during the two years
prior to his death. A complaint in inter
vention was filed by the two heirs and
the plaintiffs' demurrer was overruled.
Vpon the trial of the case judgment was
against the plaintiff. The lower court
found the services performed for More
were not valued at more than $."00 and
More had never agr-eri to pay Watson, as
the services were understood to be gra
tuitous and such as a broker usually so
renders for a customer doing business for
him. As a matter of fact, Watson had
been paid $500 in full for all services.
.. ♦ .
McCarthy Got Something.
William McCarthy was awarded n. ver
dict in the Circuit Court yesterday In hia
suit- against the Winslow Brothers Com
pany of Chicago. McCarthy was injured
in the Spring Valley building while hoist
ing mortar in a bucket by being struck
on the head by a piece of iron that fell
from the sixth story. McCarthy sued to
recover $1. >,000. . •
.■ ♦ ■
Prayers for Captain Dreyfus.
The Mission to Israel, a society which
does missionary work among the Jews,
at its meeting last Tuesday held special
prayer service for the benefit of Captain
Dreyfus of the French army. Earnest
prayers wore offered that ho may hay«
justice done to him. Resolutions were
offered and passed to ask all Christians
and Jews to unite in these prayers.
For Cutting Government Timber.
United States Attorney Coombs filed a
suit oh behalf of th» Qovemment yester
day to recover from Isador Cohn J7412,
the alleged value of lumber cut In his
sawmill from the Government timber in
Woodfords, Alpine County.
THE EMPORIUM. ; | THE EMPORIUM.
» perform daily — H™ tfiAl/4/»AifnU> R»Taap H ■ ■ *
£ 10 to J2 an/ wowcniMic nazaar. ~ minimum J
{ 2 to 5 CAUFQRHIAS AMERICA'S aiAriD£ST STOfXI. p r ces J
I This first week of school a *
| special sale of boys' |
| school suits. I
£ p< $5 and $6 Suits for boys 3 "to 7 *
* 3F JIL years for $2.45— A11-wool Fancy Cassi- j «
* rtV^frf\ meres and Cheviots — jacket .with sailor collar— *
* J^i «s*u£y vest an(^ trouser3 trimmed at knee with braid *
t Lflffle^MX and buckle - -*'''■' 5
* Will $4 and $4.50 Double-breasted Goat «
J JBf 1)[ • and Knee Pants Suits, $2.65- -Strictly J
*■ in all-wool cloths, thoroughly tailored, sizes for boys <#
* \jj*f 9to 15 years. J
!/^ . or~~~0 r ~~~T y !
* 7/^/-^ « tf s^tJ/>^ o/" />o;>j one-third to one-half in j
* every item quoted below. All new, clean, up-to-date «
* goods that are in active demand. Is it worth while J
* to visit the big store on Bargain Friday ? . J
» Boys' 49c Hats for 33c— and Saturday positively J
* last two days "at this price— or Bro.vn Fedoras, Navy Blue and Seal *,
T Brown Crush Hats, Olive or Pearl Telescope Hats— suitable for school or dres=<
£ — all size} for boys — sale until cloßing time Saturday night, each 33c v
J One-third off Straw Hats— For two days only (Friday and *
J Saturday), our entire line of Summer Straw Hats for men, youths' and boys' J
ft> wear — r'lain, farcy or rough straws— at the following prices:
ft Regular price... 253 45c 7?c $1,00 51.25 $1.50 $2.00 J
fr Special 17c 3Oc 5Qc 67c 84c $U0051.34- <*
t Ladies 9 25c Hose for 17c— Imported Real Maco 40-Gauge %
* Gotion Hose— Herm-dorf B:ack, hi^h-splicei heels, double soie3 and toss, cor- <tf
* durov r ; bb'd— an extraordinary good stocking for 253— to-day only, ipairs <#
J for sDC— per pair I'C J
* We and 12\c Percales for 7c— 2500 yards high-grade ♦
ft Po cales — ood, fiim. well-made — stripes and plaids in choice colorings—
ft regularly 10c and 12>^c yard— to-day only at 7O 41
i Safe Linen Dressing Cases— . ; f _, %
* Ladio^' Dres ing Cases, made ot strong Meached |vi '&"',,//'" "■■ '" j" <
* linen, hemstitched and witi pretty drawn work f^'^iSL,. aJBL *
* efect on flip, i- old regularly from sl to $2 each— / ; ; / -^p2 *Hr ' «
T on special sale Friday only at Vl'/Iffik s ' Si ' 2
S 45c, 55c and 65c I^^Ms^ : J
f 7al»/e Cloths, 36x36 inches- MW-' .*
± Not ail ir.en — they have pretty drawn hem- pjy£^>^- " ' ■■■-|"j T
ft. stitched borders — and special sale pric9 for to- " *
* day only wilt be, each .45c
I ; --'• Ladles' $2 Shoes for $1.1 7 '-Black Vici Kid j;
■* Lice Shoes, v- sting clotn tops, new coin toes, patent leather tip 3,
■ft V^'^^T sewed .soles, a prettily shaped, excellent wearing shoe, only 4,4
& \''''}^k size* of th:s linp in stock— 3 4, l 4, 5 and — if we can fit you a <£>
jk ''.'•'•''•« great bargain at Friiay's pric», per pair ; $I*l7 <•
t K^i^, Ladies' and Children's 25c Neck' %
J vSL*'.'«'^KL. west*? 15c — A clean-up of two lines o NecKwear — *&
* >^^*^^^ our cnt "i re stock of 20c" an i 25 ■ stri-g tes and bows ♦
plain and fancy colorings, will be placed on special sale J
V-», i m^9 Friday, each 150
* $3 Acetylene Lamps for $2.43— *&>.'*§*? *
J Majestic Acetylene Bicyci- Gas" Lamp?, guaranteed nit to i^\c^S\ *
ft bi< wor shake out, lamp 3 tnat can b3 used on bicyc es JFf#in<^P *
IT or as a table or hand lamp, regularly $3 each— on -al< MxilD^J **
«k tc-dayat .' $2.43 mMzz£ ■ *
t 50c Bicycle Foot Pumps, 36c— 12x11 f^job" 1
£, inches— seamles- ira^?. icke 1 plated. 3
ft. /g"^!^. very powerful, regularly 50c etch — to-day TO r^^sg* ?
* WF ,25c Bicycle Bells, 15c— jJjlf % 3
* §«t23aP Electr c ttroke, niciel-plated cycle <a^ss^^ .- <%
ft <®^— Balls, like picture, r^gular'y 25c each — «£•
*> .....  ;;-•,-•.■» .. 1 X*% 4i
6 en specia . sale to-day at 150 v
i • -.^ —^ : i
i Friday and Saturday Bargains %
| in Grocery ana Liquor Dept's. |
* Ghoese— Young America— small, mild, about 4 lbs each, regularly 60c each — *
* for two-'liys 48C
i Ghocrlate Monien— Yellow wrapper, re3;u!arlv 50c lb — for 350 <$
* Java Head Rice— >ne nicer, regularly 9c lb — 7 lbs for 510 ' ■+!
a. India Curry Powder* — Large 16-oz bottles, regularly fc"sc each— for two «f
* " B ra ' • sOc ♦
& ais • «m/o
* Macaroni and Spaghetti —l ported best quality, 1-lb packages— while JJ
* suDiiiy now on h <nd las s, eaca ifC J,
* Dundne Marmafade— Jame* Ke-ller S^ns, regularly 25c jar — for..? 0C T
* Bourbon Whisky— Kull quart demijohns, regularly- 83c eacn — t0r.:...60C
5 Saute r no or Reisling— Our 40c a bottle qu dity— 4 bo-tles f0r.. 51.90 £>
J Port Or Sherry— Our po r ular sellers— for Friday and Saturday only, ocr *§>
A gallon : 500 *
MARY CAVANAUGH
SWORE FOR HER LOVER
TOLD HOW HER BROTHER HAD
THREATENED HIM.
She Wore Mourning for the Dead
Man and Testified as to His Bad
Qualities and Criminal
Record.
Mary Cavanaueh wore mourning for her
brother at the Coroner's inriuest yester
day morning, but her testimony was in
favor of her paramour, the man who
slew him last Tuesday morning in a
saloon at the corner of Mason and Ellis
streets. Frank Connolly, a companion of
the dead man. gave equally favorable tes
timony, and the jury returned two ver
dicts, the majority of seven jurors sign
ing a verdict of justifiable homicide and
Nathan Fisher bringing in a verdict of
jnanslaughter. Coroner Hil! approved the
majority verdict.
Miss Cavanaugh repeated the story that
she had told to the police of the threats
made by her brother Walter ever since
two months ago that he would kill \\ il
son. Her brother was a sporting man,
she said, and "played the races." She
used to assist him with money up to two
months ago. but she refused to do so any
longer. She never gave J. P. Wilson
money, she said. On Monday night her
brother came to her house at 5 Latham
place and fired two revolver bullei.?
through the ceiling, at the same time call
ing upon Wilson to come downstairs and
be killed.
She communicated to Wilson the threats
made by her brother, and Wilson replied
that he hoped nothing would happen., as
he did not wish to have any trouble with
Cavanaugh. In reply to a question by the
Coroner she said that her brother had
served a term of imprisonment in San
Quentin Penitentiary for grand larceny.
He was very quarrelsome when drinking,
but Wilson was a very peaceable m in.
Cavanaugh always carried a revolver and
Wilson never. The revolver with which
the killing was done was formerly the
property of Cavanaugh, and she had
taken it away from her brother about a
year ago and kept it under her pillow for
protection. She presumed that Wilson
took it with him on the night of the kill-
Ing.
Frank Connolly, an eye-witness, told
how Wilson had attempted to get away
from Cavanaugh, how the latter had pur
sued Wilson into the saloon and had
twirled his revolver around In his hand
and fired a shot Into the celling. Then
Wilson fired three times into Cavanaugh's
body.
WILL MAKE A TOUR
OF SOUTHERN SEAS
R. BARRETT FITHIAN TO EMU
LATE COUNT FESTETICS.
The Santa Barbara Capitalist Has
Purchased a Vessel in Which He
Will Take a Pleasure Trip.
. R. Barrett Fithian, thp Santa Bartara
capitalist, who is now staying at tli • l'r.l
-ace, is iraklng preparations for the same
sort of a pleasure trip that was under
taken some years ago by Count and
Countess Festeties. He is going on an ex
tended tour of the South Sea Islands and
expects to be gone from the latter part
of this month to next February. Ht- is
not going in the ordinary way. He is go
ing in his own yacht and he is to be ac
companied by his wife and a numb, r of
guests. The invitations are already out
and, as >et. he has received no very- de
cided refusals.
Mr. Fithian has purchased from Com
modore Gutte the old sailing schooner
Barannff, which he has renamed the Ro
ver. She will be entirely refitted and ren
ovated and converted into a first-elas3
yacht. Luxurious cabins, deck houses,
saloons, baths and all the appliances gen
erally on a pleasure craft will be
put in and when she is completed Mr.
Fithian thinks that for safety, comfort
and speed she will compare favorably
with -any craft of her size that has ever
sailed out of the Golden Gate.
The original tonnage of the BaranofC
was 64.7S The new yacht Rover will be
slightly, larger and will go on the regis
ter as a vessel of 98 tons.
As the trip is to be purely one of pleas
ure nothing that may conduce to make
life bearable in a tropical climate will be
left out of the yacht's furnishings. There
will be electric fans to cool the fevered
brow that seeks the seclusion of the
cabin and other fans for those who pre
fer to remaif on deck. There will be an
ice machine for the purpose of reducing
the temperature of the large cold bottle
and the galley will be fitted with every
modern appliance that may tend tov.ar.l
preserving the succulence of the small
hot bird. In fact, the vessel will be a
model or" comfort and convenience even if
Mr. Fithian. to cater to the social pre
judices, finds it necessary to put patent
leather tips on the Rover's fore foot.
The trip will carry the Rov.r to Hono
lulu and from there to the Marquesas.
Society and Fiji Islands, thence back
home by way of Sou*h America.
Death at Nicolaus.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 3.— Mrs. O. A.
Wessing, wife of a merchant of Nicolaus,
died to-day. She wag a native of Cali
fornia and 28 years of age.
56
FRIDAY AUGUST 4, 1899
/OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications S. LEAKE, Managar.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868. \
EDITORIAL ROOMB £17 to 221 St*v«n»on Str««t
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PKR WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
t Terms by Mai!, Including Postage:
PAIX.T CALL, (including Sunday Call), one year 96.0*
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <*5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year , 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
AH postmasters arc authorized to receive subscriptions.
Baxapl* copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE... 008 Broadwaj
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
MM«£er Foreign Advertising. Marquotte Bulldinft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR -.29 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB.
WaMorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. H Union Bquar*|
Karray HIU Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
tl. L. ENGLISH. Corrcsoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 38T Hayes street, ODen until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 1-arkln street, open urjtH 9:20 o'clock
-1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.. 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. Corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California. — "Madame Sans Gena."
Columbia— ' 'Hamlet. ' '
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoli— "Alda."
Alca.zar— "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera House — "Boccaccio."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
»nd evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Putro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louder-back— This day, at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Rugrs, Qt 125 Geary street.
By Von.Rhein & Co.— Thursday. August 10, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at California street. j
INJURING THE CITY.
THE issue between the Board of Health and
Mayor Phelan in regard to the paring of ap
propriations to bring the tax levy within the
dollar limit, having served as a pretext for closing the
Receiving Hospitals, is made use of by the Examiner
to the injury of the city's fame and ere/it. That
paper, to advertise itself, is parading a receiving hos
pital provided by it, and is making it appear to the
world that San Francisco has not a government that
can furnish it with the equipment required in the ad
ministration of all cities. It goes without saying that
the Examiner puts untruthfully the cause of closing
the public receiving hospitals. Mayor Phelan : and
ether politicians, who commend themselves to popu
lar favor and get office by agonizing about economy,
.insist that the expense of every branch of the city
-nment shall be brought down to the dollar, levy.
They usually begin to ingratiate themselves with the
taxpayers long before they succeed in assuming pub
lic responsibility and gather knowledge by actual ex
perience in administration. If they would plainly
prove the capacity of the dollar limit to sustain all
ihe public institutions necessary to the welfare of the
city, they would render a genuine service; or if, fail
ing to prove this, they would frankly admit their fail
ure, the busy people who earn and pay the taxes
would be put in possession of information useful as a
guide to their political action. Instead of doing this,
the politicians on both sides get by the ears and such_
fantastic capers result as the arbitrary closing of the
receiving hospitals, and while Mayor Phelan delib
erates without limit on the dollar limit, his yellow
organ advertises itself at the expense of the good
name of the city. The Examiner is fond of bringing
itself into notice as a substitute for government. Only
lately it announced that it had taken the place of the
Federal Government in supplying necessary articles
of uniform to the Oregon Volunteers. Its use of the
army overcoat and of the Oregon boys as sandwich
men" to pack its advertisement up and down the guard
line and through the streets of the city met prompt
exposure which laid the impudent paper naked -to
public ridicule, since only eight overcoats were ever
called for and it proved they were taken more from
curiosity than necessity.
The proper duty of a newspaper, its legitimate- func
tion, is to call attention to official neglect and failure
of administration, and inform public opinion truth
fully of the facts, tothe end that that, final judge of
all government shall force public officers to do their
duty", tell the truth and treat- the people fairly. This
is the light in which The Call regards such matters
and this paper will not encourage public officers in
demagogy or any form of infidelity to their trust,
merely that it 1 may pretend to substitute itself for
government.
The Examiner's greed for notoriety and advertising
itself at the expense of the interests of San Fran
cisco and of the State is doing harm to both.
The Mayor and Supervisors and Board of Health
could be brought to their official senses very quickly
by a frowning public opinion. We notified the Board
of Health some weeks ago that the programme to
which it was asked to submit would lead it into disas
ter. The politicians who urged that programme upon
it are responsible for their share of the party discom
fiture and- public damage that have foMowed. As
they see now the use .made of it by the enemy of the
party they profess to serve, itis-to be hoped they will
retrace their steps and ceasing to do evil will learn
io <xo well. ; .
The new crops of bugs are calculated to give pain
to the preachers who put in much of their time in de
nouncing frivolities. First came the kissing bug, and
now Redding is to the fore .with a beetle that lays
dancing eggs. Next thing we know there'll be in
sects that play cards and tope.
A St. Paul man, weary of the troubles of life, took
occasion the other daj' to commit suicide at Seattle.
He was considerate enough of the troubles of others
to choose a graveyard as the jumping-off place.
The Peace Conference appears to have closed its
labors as noiselessly as if it were ashamed of them
and wished to sneak away.
0N IMPROVED SITUATION.
THE Republican situation in this city has greatly
improved in the last few days. The bosses
have been warned by the firm independence of
: the fair-minded element which can control the party
if it will, and are making a virtue of necessity by re
treating from a field on which the prospect of their
winning is rapidly dissolving in the interest shown
by citizens who will not be bossed.
The Republican party has been too long the hope
of good government in times of stress and emer
gency to be now turned over to men who would use
the livery of Heaven for the same purpose that a
stage robber wears a flour sack.
The future of this city, for years to come, is to be
influenced by its first officiary under the new charter.
Surely no Republican worthy of the great traditions
of his party can contemplate, without wincing, the
result if either of the barnacled bosses who run the
local Democracy shall win control. Nor can such a
Republican fail to blush in the dark, if he find himself
admitting that his party, which has here a majority
containing most of the clean citizenship and civic
pride of the city, is incapable of so ordering its own
affairs as to deserve the trust of government, and,
deserving, win it at the polls.
The efforts'that have been made in the last week to
I get our most reliable Republican citizens to stand
as delegates to the municipal convention have suc
j ceeded to such an extent as to demonstrate the power
| of the party to build on its health and not on its dis
eases, on its strength and not on its weakness, and
to attract to its support the large and clean-minded
independent vote, which cares much for good govern
ment and nothing for party, in municipal affairs. We
cannot believe that there is forthcoming any such
shameful confession of lack of interest and indiffer
ence to principle as would be in a failure of the party
to rise to the full height of its opportunity.
Independent citizens look to organized forces for
action which they weigh and measure and approve or
disapprove as it squares with their ideas of right, or
1 fails. The Republican party is such an organized
force. It is not asked to surrender nor compromise
any principles, but to present a municipal ticket which
in the character and standing of the candidates is a
pledge of clean government. This is what we mean
by action that gratifies the independent voter. With
out such a ticket not only are such voters repelled,
but a large contingent of good Republicans will be
found in revolt and not to be controlled by mere
party cries. These men will say that if the city is to
have bad government its curse shall not fall upon the
people in the name of the Republican party, and by
snubbing the polls they will at once punish the dirty
self-seekers who use the party for personal ends, and
! will furnish to the people an object lesson in the shape
of government administered either from a stable Or a
bar.
High-minded Democrats find themselves between
the devil and the deep sea. Turn which way they
will, they face a boss. Their situation is not sur
mised, it does not exist in suspicion nor insinuation.
It is not a theory. It is a condition. Whatever ticket
that party may elect must come from one or the other
of its fountains of power, and the waters of both are
unspeakably foul.
Under these circumstances Democrats, and there
are legions of them, who are stockholders in our
municipal corporation, will turn gladly to a highly
ciean Republican ticket and vote it for the sake of
as much of their own party principles as stands for
good government. It is plain that a ticket which
commands the best Republican strength and senti
ment, the best element of the Democratic party an.l
the independent vote, cannot be beaten. Republican
leaders should be rejoiced nt so plain a way to suc
cess and should compel their convention to uprightly
walk therein.
Frank Cove)', a well-known Californian, announces
the discovery of a simple method for the preserva
tion of frui-t in transit. He proposes to create a
vacuum in cars by the use of an air pump. Even the
necessity for the pump will have passed when the
Santa Fe gets into full transcontinental competition j
with the Southern Pacific. Huntington will then have
cars filled with nothing but vacuum.
In giving herself in marriage the other day to Fer
dinand Schumacher, a millionaire oatmeal man of
Akron, Ohio, Miss Mary Zipperlen had every reason
to believe that the 70-year-old groom had sown his
wild oats. His age and his knowledge of the cereal
would lead to that presumption at any rate.
NEW MINING DISTRICTS.
THE enormous increase of capital, with the enter
prise, the speculation and the general business
developments that have indelibly stamped the
last half of the ninteenth century, is mainly due to the
simultaneous discovery of gold in California and in !
Australia, followed by minor but important disclos
ures of the existence of the precious metal in parts
of the world in which it had been previously un
known.. For the last few years, after a temporary
stagnation and as if providentially to meet the argu
ments in favor of a debased currency, the output of
gold in every quarter of the globe has swelled to j
almost unprecedented proportions. Colorado . and
South Africa are separated examples of this marvelous
increase in production.
The interests ol the Pacific Coast and of California
in particular, are intimately connected with gold mm- j
ing and every new and genuine discovery is impor
tant. It is, however, a fact proved by experience in
this State and elsewhere on this coast during the last
fifty years, that each new mining district produces
intolerable hardships, aggravated by frauds. The Fra
ser River excitement of 1859 will quickly recur to old
Californians as a striking illustration, often repeated,
of the truth of this proposition.
There is a gambling element in our population, rep
resentative of speculative heartlessness and skilled in
all the seductive arts that old prospectors, the hand
to mouth miners, never learn to resist, that exagger
ates the merits of every new place where gold is found
and the more distant it is the greater the exaggera- i
tion. In nine cases out of ten, the collapse of these
fraudulent enterprises is rapid, and while ruinous
enough to those who yield to false solicitations, the !
harvest reaped by speculators and by their tools is
comparatively small. But there are some instances in
which the publications, advertisements and informa- |
tion privately disseminated in respect to new gold
mining districts have a solid though circumscribed
foundation. In the case of Dawson City and the sur
rounding country this turned out to be the fact. In |
the Cape Nome gold fields, on American territory, i
while the reports are conflicting, some gold has ob- !
viously been found.
It is exactly in such instances as these that the bene- '
j fit to the world is partly counterbalanced by injury to !
j individuals. The large amount of gold taken out of ;
the Dawson mines has been gathered by the few and
not by the many. Thousands of people, experienced
and inexperienced, but without adequate capital or re
sources, who rushed to this distant part of the frozen (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4. 1891).
north, have subjected themselves to the severest tests
I of endurance and many of them have sacrificed their
lives or have been broken down both in health and in
pocket. Meanwhile the men who thrive on the weak
nesses, the follies and the unbounded credulity of their
! fellows, before whom the mirage of wealth is perpet
! ually glittering, have feathered their own nests and
i added a new chapter to the repetitions of history.
In an inferior degree the Dawson record will doubt
i less be reproduced in the vicinity of Cape Nome.
I There is, however, one species of fraud from which
miners in the Canadian Dominion are exempt, but of
which on Alaskan soil they have been and will be the
victims. The story of our public land system until
i within a few years was a disgrace to the Government.
! By the use of dummies rich men accumulated these
lands until the substantial design of Congress to dis
| tribute them among the people, to treat them as a
; trust to be administered for the national benefit, in a
great degree was frustrated. In San Francisco no
taries public derived large profits from the wholesale
system of false affidavits/through which land specula
tors absorbed the public domain. In the timber lands
of Humboldt and Del Norte counties, in the grazing
lands of the counties of Mendocino and Trinity,
through this fraudulent perversion of the Congres
sional purpose, hundreds of thousands af acres were
concentrated in a few individuals. Nor are these more
than conspicuous examples of facts that transpired in
I other portions of the State and of the Union.
In new mining districts similar methods have been
steadily employed. Honest and industrious men, rap
idly moving to fresh opportunities for enterprise,
would find the entire country filled with locations
made through dummies for the benefit of speculators
snd would be forced either to retire or to purchase
. interests, to which they had a vested right as Ameri
can citizens, or even independently ot citizenship.
The information from the Cape Nome region is that,
under powers of attorney, practically the entire avail
| able land, supposed to contain gold deposits, has
been already appropriated. Alaska is not even terri
torially organized and this mischievous and corrupt
misuse of the law should be .promptly controlled by
the Federal Government. The law itself should receive
! Congressional attention, and be so definitely and
] clearly amended as to insure fair treatment to all seek
i crs for gold.
In every direction, under our Federal and State
government, the necessity for the rigid enforcement
of equality befoie the law is daily illustrated.
William Waldorf Astor has renounced his Ameri
can citizenship because he believed that he was being
too heavily taxed in New York. He probably had a
monopoly of the opinion that his citizenship pos
sessed a cash value.
The Central Pacific Railroad Company has re
moved the scene of its operations to Salt Lake City.
It was generally believed that Utah had troubles of its
own without inviting the plague.
A WORK OF PATRIOTISM.
WHILE the reception of the California Volun
teers is to be accompanied by every form of
popular rejoicing, the occasion must not be
regarded as a mere holiday festival for merrymaking
only, like a carnival or a flower fete. It will have its
serious as well as its joyous aspects, for it is designed
to be a true welcome home to the men who left their
profitable occupations and the comforts of Californian
life to go forth to war at the call of their country. ,
In arranging for such a reception as is desired by all
loyal hearts, the patriotism rather than the pleasure
loving instincts of the people is appealed to. The
sacrifices made by the volunteers were not slight.
The issue presented to them at the outbreak of the
war was one which put their manhood and their loy
alty to the supreme test. Their valor reflects honor
upon their city, their State and their fellow country
men. It is nothing more than their due that when
they return home they be met with a reception that
will be not only an outburst of popular pride and joy,
but also a manifestation of a cordial willingness to
help them in resuming their business occupations and
in finding profitable employment.
Money is needed for such a reception, and no nig
gard sum will suffice. The committee in charge of
the work estimates $50,000 will be required. It should
not be difficult to raise that sum in a city of the wealth
and population of San Francisco. If every man in the
city who cheered the boys, on in volunteering for serv
ice in the war will now contribute a dollar to the fund
the amount asked for will be exceeded by many thou
sands. Surely, then, it is not too much to ask the sum
estimated. It ought to be forthcoming within a week.
Upon the; sub-committees appointed to undertake
the details of the various parts of the work there has
been conferred'an honorable responsibility. Each and
every member of those committees should give earnest
and prompt attention to the duties imposed. By dili
gence, ardor and energy on their part, they will soon
awaken a responsive enthusiasm among the people.
It will then be comparatively easy to raise the fund
required and to carry out every feature of the recep
tion with such success as to make it a genuine tri
umph.
There is ample time for preparations, but no time to
spare. The work must be pushed forward vigorously.
The volunteers are on their way home. The commit
tees must get to work. The people must be prompt
with their contributions. In this movement of Stat^.
pride and. national patriotism there should be ho
shortcoming anywhere.
Richard Croker says that it was ridiculous to sup
pose that he intended to purchase the Killarney
Lakes. Most people thought so when the suggestion I
was made, but not for the same reason that probably 1
recommends itself to Mr. Croker. An association of
the sublime and the ridiculous is not pleasant and
nobody ever suspected Mr. Croker of being sublime.
A South American statesman believes that the
United States wants to grab the earth. ■ He should 1
not needlessly disturb himself on the subject. Wash
ington is painfully indicating that it would gladly
drop certain recently acquired parts of the earth if it
dared?
It is reported that the Yaqui Indians have danced
themselves into an insurrection. They are likely to
dance to, another tune if the Mexican military authori
ties carry out their threat to securepeace by annihila
tion. ... ".. ■'-.
Army surgeons report a solitary case of yellow fever
at Phoebus, a village near the Soldiers' Home at
Hampton. It is feared that James Creelman is con
cealed somewhere in the vicinity. •■■ ■ '
... - * ■ ' ■'-.'' .' .<-/. .
There-must be at San Quentiri the gloom that fol
lows a knowledge of lost opportunities. The Penal
Code has been found to be full of errors, inaccuracies
and technical loopholes.
1 Miss. Clara Barton says there are 50,000 orphans in
Cuba. The point bi the mother-in-law joke will have
I no penetrating power in that country for many a long
I day. - • ' • ", k •', v
NO MORE SMASHED BAGGAGE;
LATEST LIFTING DEVICE
THE NEW ANTI-BAGGAGE SMASHING DEVICE.
GEORGE H. WALL of Cadillac, Mich., has invented a mechanism for hand
ling baggage. It is }n reality a pneumatic elevator attached to the sido
of the baggage-car door, on which may be lifted grips, trunks or other
bundles. One of these machines was completed recently and has since
been in use on the Grand Rapids and Indiana Railway.
It consists of a cylinder of brass, four inches in diameter and five feet or
more in length, which is fitted in an upright position at the side of the door of
the baggage-car. It Is provided with a telescoping collar or shell of iron, sliding
over if upon the outside, and upon the inside is a piston attached to this shell
at the top. An iron platform is attached to a steel arm, so arranged that the arm
can bo connected firmly to the bottom of the lifting steel jacket. When a cock Is
turned air at seventy pounds pressure from the source that supplies the air
brakes Is admitted to the bottom of the cylinder.
When the full pressure is turned on there is a lifting power of 575 pounds upon
the piston, but the inventor claims for his machine only a lifting capacity of
800 pounds. He says that with this uevice, which he has patented, two men can
do the work of a large number, and do it quicker and with less wear to the bag
gage.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker, is a
guest at the Palace.
M. A. Plalsted of the Fresno Democrat
is a guest at the California.
TV. A. Temple, a leading merchant of
Redding, is a guest at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. Candine of Loa Angles
are registered at the Occidental.
E. S. Moulton, a large fruit grower of
Riverside, is a guest at the Palace.
T. J. Field, a banker and capitalist of
Monterey, is registered at the Palace.
Fred 11. Dakin of the Uncle Sam mine is
registered at the Palace, with his wife.
H R. Farley, Sheriff of Monterey
County, is registered at the Grand from.
Salinas.
W. H. MoK> nzie, the Frcpno. banker, Is
at the Lick on a short business trip to
the city.
Gordon McLean, a prominent merchant
of Los Angeles, Is at the Occidental with
his wife.
T. H. Kennedy, one of the leading busi
ness men of Stocktjn, is a guest at the
California.
C. A. Robert, a wealthy mining man of
Placerville, is at the Grand on a short
trip to this city.
Dr. John R. Clark, one of New York's
big physicians, is among the late arrivals
at the Occidental.
TV. TV. Douglas, Deputy State Control
ler, is at the Grand, where he arrived last
night from Sacramento.
Dr. W. J. Davis, me of the most promi
nent physicians of Los Angeles, is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson return
ed to the city yesterday from his recent
trip to Los Angeles. and is again a guest
at the Palace.
Andrew Muir, the contractor who has
been putting through the great Franklin
tunnel for the Valley road, is a guest at
the Russ from Martinez.
Dr. E. A. Gould, one of the most prom
inent physicians of Sonora, is among
those who yesterday arrived in the city
and registered at the Lick.
John Ross, a wealthy Sutter Creek min
ing man, is staying at the Grand -for a
few days. He is down here on business
connected with his mining properties.
Whitney Warren, the well-known archi
tect, is one of the three who have been
chosen to- furnish designs for the new De
partment of Justice building at Washing
ton.
Mrs. M. B. Tucker and Miss L. B.
Tucker of Louisville, Ky., are among the
recent arrivals at the Palace. Both ladios
are leaders of Kentucky's must exclusive
social set.
A. E. Buckman. contractor on the
.Sierra Railroad, has gone to Jame?town
and Ancrels Camp to open camp and be
gin operations. A large force of men and
teams will at once be put on this work.
Major' and Mrs. M. B. Hughes are reg
istered at the California. Major Hughes
is attached to the Ninth Cavalry, and
was for a long time in command at Fort
k Jiuachuca, Arizona. He is now in the
city on pleasure, enjoying a well earned
leave of absence.
DALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Dr. and Mrs. G.
E. Shumate of San Francisco are at the
Holland. Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Fifcr, Mrs.
E. H. Sands, Mrs. J. L. Morrissey, W. S.
R. Babcock, all of Los Angeles, are at the
Cosmopolitan.
—■ m ■
CAXIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— W. J. Thomp
son Jr. of San Francisco is at the Wel
lington. F. A. Stone of San Francisco is
at the Shoreham.
Olson Must Steer Another Course.
Charles Olson, formerly ship carpenter
on the steamer Empire, sued the Oregon
Coal and Navigation Company for $15,000
damages for a broken thigh bone, caused
by his falling down an open hatchway of
the vessel in a heavy Be&. The defend
ants filed exceptions to the complaint anil
contended that the owners of the vessel
were not responsible for the negligence
of the employes in leaving the hatch un
cov<yed. United States District Judge
de Kaven yesterday decided that the ex
ceptions were well taken and Olson will
be obliged' to make a new complaint or
steer clear of the court.
Sudden Death of a Sea Captain.
Captain Dice was found dead yesterday
morning in his room in the Europe Hotel,
at M 4 Montgomery street. The captain
was a well-known mariner and was 70
years old, and had been complaining of
sickness. An autopsy revealed cerebral
apoplexy as the cause of death.
PRESS COMMENTS ;
Does It Pay?
From Life.
HP HERE is some discussion whether
I General Otis is the best man for the
J_ place he fills, but the gist of the situa
tion seems to be that Aguinaido's
soldiers are fighting pretty well, and
promise to keep on indefinitely; that.
: though we can thrash any given lot of
Filipinos with the troops that are now in
Luzon, we cannot induce them to stay
thrashed without a much larger force
than we now have on the ground. So,
many more troops are going out, which is i
very well; but, after all, it is a good deal j
! like detailing policemen to watch ant hills.-
It can be done, but the question is sure
to come up, Doea it pay?
Nothing is happening in the Philippines
that was not foretold a year ago by the
very few men who knew the islands. It
will t^:^ <v om 50,000 to 100,000 men to
| pacify and hold the islands by force, and j
i they are not worth anything like so much
i trouble or so much money. If diplomacy
I could accomplish something it would be
a great saving, and. possibly, it might be
well to enlist a couple of regiments of
diplomatists and send them out. Com
mercial travelers, of whom a great num
ber are said to have been lately thrown i
out of employment by the spread of j
trusts, would be available for this service.
Creelman's Lies.
Uklah Republican-Press.
James Creelman is a mysterious sort
of person. A few weeks ago he was per
forming alleged wonders as a correspond
ent at Manila, using carrier pigeons and
anticipating the news of the current day
for the American breakfast table. Now I
Mr. Creelman is out in a statement that
''General Otis' conditions for press dis
patches were so outrageously unfair that
I and other correspondents, too, refused to
send anything, preferring not to send a
lot of lies." The papers that printed so
called Creelman dispatches seem to have
rilled the vacuum with devices of theic
own, signing his name to them though he
was sending nothing, as he states himself.
Mr. Creelman thinks Otis should have at- j
tacked Aguinaldo instead of trying tc |
avoid hostilities; that Otis is incompetent
and a military blunderer, and as a censor
of newspaper sensation simply unendur
able. In a word, the United States has
missed a great opportunity by not putting
Creelman in command instead of Otis.
Broken "Monarch." Slates.
Marysvllle Appeal.
One would think the "Monarch" of the
San Francisco dailies would grow weary
of manufacturing its "tentative military
slates," considering that they are always
broken before ever being put together.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Annoyed.
"Do you know of a doctor who has
lived in Kentucky?" asked Colonel Still
well.
"Why. haven't you seen a physician
yet? You were ill yesterday."
"Yes. I have seen a physician, but he
shattered my faith, and I'm going to get
somebody who has a chance of under
standing the case. The first thing this
young man did was to warn me not to
drink much ice water this warm weather "
— Washington Star.
Drawing.
"I'm going to ask a favor of you." she
said to the visitor from the far West.
"I want you to pose for me when my
teacher gives me my next lesson in draw
ing.
"Certataly, miss," answered Bronco Bob.
"Might I make bold to ask if it's to be
pictures, poker or firearms?"— Washing
ton Star.
A Utilitarian.
Ah, said the man who is sometimes
morose and visionary, "if I only had the
wings of an eagle and the heart of a
"Another touch of dyspepsia" mur
mured *£ he family physician, in tones of
sympathy. "Aiy dear fellow, what you
SS£^«Y5 n gSn ! Bi£!. stomach of a
To Political Secretaries.
Postmaster Montague requests secre
taries of political clubs in this city to
post their sample ballots and other print
ed matter by Saturday afternoon at. the
latest in order to insure the distribution
Snfl \f Sa H me b^ the ca "iers on Sunday
and Monday. It is expected that thf>re
will about 250.000 packages of mail mat
ter from this source to be delivered in thit
city before Tuesday, and it will be i.eces
delf m early in rder t0 have P rom
WILL NOT BEACH
POINT RICHMOND
AT TIME FIXED
Tunnel Changes Val
ley Road Route.
TERMINUS TO BE BAY POINT
BRICK WALLING NECESSARY TO
COMPLETE BORE.
Great Increase in Cost and Extra
Work Will Delay Santa ie in
.Reaching Its Objective
Point.
The Santa Fe Railroad may not reach
Point "Richmond this year. An unexpect
ed obstruction has been discovered in the
Franklin tunnel which will in all proba
bility delay the work of completion, so
that a through line from the East to Point
Richmond will not be attainable until
after the time originally set. In order to
offset this newly developed obstacle a line
will be constructed from Martinez to Bay
Point, at which place ferry connections
will be established to transmit traffic to
this city.
Work was progressing rapidly in the
Franklin tunnel until a few weeks a*fo,
when the engineers discovered an ex
ceptional streak of adobe which con
tained great quantities of water. The
supporting timbers, fourteen inches
square, seemed to have no power of re
sistance to this swelling clay and tlicy
twisted out of joint. It will be necessary
to replace them and perhaps build up a
protection of bricks. This adobe runs
along in patches for some considerable
length.
The Valley road owns sixty acres of
land on %he water front of Martinez-
Fearing that great subsequent difficulty
and annoyance may result from a tim
ber support, brick has been suggested as
the necessary material to protect the tun
nel and keep it clear. Not only will this
mean a great loss of time but also a targe
and unexpected expense, as the price of
brick at present is very high. It is esti
mated that 15,000.000 bricks will be re
quired to wall the tunnel where the adobe
streaks have been found.
Owing to the enormous demand for the
brick supply and the number of con
tracts already let by brick manufactur
ers, some time will be necessary to till
the order of the Valley road should this
material be decided upon. The brick
manufacturers are busy with orders and
have refused to supply old customers, un
til present contracts are disposed of. The
conditions that exist are in a great meas
ure due to the recent increase in the con
struction of brick buildings. There are
but four or five large manufactories on
the coast and they are overwhelmed with
business. The price of bricks a year aso
was $5 per 1000. but this has steadily ad
! vanced until the present market price of
$10 per 1000 has been reached.
Tt is thought that if the Valley road
gives an order for the 15.000,000 bricks
necessary for the improvement of the
Franklin tunnel the price will jump to
per 1000. Bricks can be manufactured only
at certain seasons of the year, and con
tracts must be let far in advance of the
time when they are to be delivered. This
costs time and money. The only remedy,
and it is but a partial one. is to build the
road from- Martinez to Ray Point and
communicate with this city fmm that
place. The Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe will be close neighbors until the
Franklin tunnel is completed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SOROSIS— E., City. Sorosis, the first
women's club in the United States, was
founded in New York in IS6K.
MANILA AND SAN FRANCISCO— A.
S., City. The difference in tim^ between
Manila and San Francisco is eight hours
and fifteen minutes.
FLlES— Constant Reader. City. The
reason that flies stick to walls and die
there is that there is probably some con
i ditions which act as does fly paper, and
the files being unable to escape starve to
death.
LICK OLD LADTES' UOME-E. M. E.,
City. What was formerly known as the
I Lick Old Ladies' Home is now known as
I the University Mound Old Ladies' Home.
i For information in relation thereto ad
dress a communication to the "Superin
tendent University Mound Old Ladies'
Home, University Mound, San Francisco,
Cal. .
RUNAWAYS— A Novice. City. In case
a horse became frightened at an automo
bile, ran away and did some damage, the
owner of the automobile could not be
held responsible any more than the com
pany owning a railroad train that fright
ened a horse, unless it appeared that the
owner or party in charge of the automo
bile was guilty of contributory negligence.
NOT SISTERS TN LAW— O. J. S.. City.
If two women not related marry two
brothers each become the sister-in-law of
one of the brothers, but they do not be
come sisters-in-law of each other. One of
these women in speaking of th.c other
would be right in speaking of her as "My
brother-in-law's wife."
INTEREST IN A PAPER— F. D. 8.,
City. If you desire to obtain information
about the private affairs of the owners
of the newspapers named in your commu
nication you should write a letter'to each
of the proprietors of such papers and at.
the same time have the manliness to sign
your name and give your address, and not
conceal your identity under initials. This
department does not inquire into the pri
vate business affairs of any one. I
DUTY OF CHlLDßEN— Subscriber.
Coultervilie, Cal. During the minority of
children the parents are entitled to the
services of such children, and ' it is the
duty of the parents to provide such chil
dren with necessary food and such wear
ing apparel as in their circumstances they
can afford, and it is the duty of such
children to render such service as their
age and capabilities will permit. If the
children, after they become of age, work
for their parents they are entitle* to a
fair compensation for their services, the
same as any one else performing the
same service. If children after becoming
of age work for a step father or mother
they are entitled to payment for services
rendered. _ \
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's. ♦
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 iiojg*.
gonitry street. Telephone Main 1044. •
Sudden Death of a Pione^
W. P. Harrington, a pioneer. 70 ypatft
old, died suddenly in the street last
Wednesday evening. The case was r*»
ported to the Coroner, but a death c»
tiflcate was signed on the statement of ft
physician that he had been treating the
deceased.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers lor their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
.—■ ♦ «
President McKinley and his Wife
Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
•when they- visit the famous Yellowstone; Park.
They intend viewing the -new geyser..: that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling : water
to the height of the Call building. It's a
wonderful sight. Send 6c in stamps for book
telling all about it to T. K. STATELER, Gen.
Agt., 638 Market St., S. F.
. . ,■ ■ : .■ m ■ : '■ — .. I
HOTEL. DEL, COROX ADO— Take advantage
of ths round trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including ; fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, . Sa.n Francisco* .THE HAND OF
HERRIN IS IN
LOCAL POLITICS
Pian to Stuff Demo
cratic Convention.
CAUTION TO REPUBLICANS
ANY RAILROAD TICKET WILL BE
DEFEATED.
Heelers and Toughs Imported From
Oakland and San Jose to Assist
the Rainey-Examiner
League.
The Registrar of Voters is anxious that
each party putting forward a delegate
ticket to be voted for at the primary elec- \
tun next Tuesday shall send to his office '
the names of pmpjscd delegates In each j
ibly District in order that Buch !
names may tc printed in the tally books
mi-official return blanks.
The faction of ihe Democratic party
which is controlled by (Savin McXab and
McDonald has completed its dele
gate ticket in every district, excepting the
eth. The list is put forward as the
genuine Pheian ticket..
The followers of Buckley and the ruund- j
era comprising the Ralney-Exaininer
League have not completed their tickets
In all the districts. Buckley ana Ratney I
■ i in several districts. In ;
uther districts the Rainey-Examlner
League and the SHcDonaid-McNab faction
have com* to terms. The indications are
that each of the- factions will secure a
block of delegates.
On election day the Klre Department ;
be brought to the front under
c idershlp of ■ L ■ R -Kxanuner
League. It would not be surprising If
manj of the Buckley men. togethei with
Republican heelers from the corral of the
Mexican, should get in behind the 1-ire
tment. Boss Ralney says he is in i
politics only to the extent ot protecting
lr« Department, but his work as r-j
--the managers of thi Committee ;
. f One Hundred shows that he has Lrans
ferred. or has sought to transfer, ihe de
partmenl to the Examiner, so the paper
can make use of the Bremen to tore-?
Mayor Pheian Into line.
The r >unders, toughs, touts, gamblers •
ami disreputable classes generally will
give their support to the t£ainey-Exam
iner League. There has been a large im
portation of stuffers from Oakland and
San Jose within the last two weeks. The !
■■. for the assertion
that Rainey is an expert In stuffing bal-
The stuff 01 s are not here for
: exhibition. Good ciliz< ns
• \- Tuesday morning,
i it their names may not be assumed
by the stuffers and. repeaters brought to
the city to help the corrupt bosses of
Democratic factions.
Agents of the Southern Pacific Company
have beeu taking an active part in Demo
cratic politics since the beginning of the
municipal campaign. At the outset Her
rin calculated that the Democrats would
have a walk-over and accordingly laid hi^
plans to secure control of the municipal
convention of that party. The names of
the proposed delegates and especially
those on the ticket of the faction repre
senting the committee of one hundred
that the railroad boss pot in his
work. The Call was informed yesterday
igents of Herrln had been suggesting
- to the leaders of the Republican
County Committee and the rnnar -- f
Republican League. Republicans
should wa ten ;he rain ... pon
s. Under the battle-i ry of Pheian
• mocratic convention will be stuffed
\v:-!j agents of the railroad corporation
care should be taken to prevent the
• bs of the scheme as applied to the
.bliran convention.
iff-rrin is a Democrat and therefore has
ght to advise or instruct Republicans.
.>» he managed one end of Dan
3' contest for the United States Sona
torship some people obtained the tmpres
thai he belonged to the Republican
party, and others Ironically remarked that
the Republican party belonged to him. i
The real fact is Herrln is a "dypd-in-the- '
wool" Democrat and ;is such he should
C'tifine his political instructions to the |
Democratic party. The Call will expose;
promptly any attempt to foist railroad
Bervants on the Republican municipal con-
Republicans will not take orders !
the Southern Pacifii'. Events at '■
rnento last winter clearly and for-'
cibly demonstrated the fact that political I
sses and railroad managers" cannot con- j
trol the Republican party. Voters should
hear In mind that two daily papers in '
Ban Francisco that supported Herrin In i
his fight to force the election of Dan '
Burns are now standing in with the Dem- I
O 4~h-H~X--H-^':H^"X-r;~H~H"?-I-I'I-I-:'I"I"I"I"l"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'I"I < »
I : : __ I
X r " " ' — '.'.
! I NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL |
i — n
t The Most Bitter Family Feud in -j
| California |
J. Has lasted 35 years. Six people have b»en **
• ■ killed. The story in full in next JL
T Sunday's Call. •■
.. First installme-t of Stephen Canes great **
j* sto.ry. . ••
I" "ACTIVE SERVICE." 1
II The latest in medical scence, £
± Curing Diseases by Liquid Air. $
? THE GOD II
| of THE VOLCANO. Ij
ii Are You Going to Paris in 1900? £
II How much will it cost you ? Read
II next Sund.y's Call. '/.
II Latest Photo of King George of Tonga and **
.$. His Bride. Als:> of Ofa, the ','.
.-. . Rejected One. J.
•• Blanche Bates and Her Successes. ]•
f . .t.
Hope Ro«s Tc Is the Ladies All About th« .j.
• • Latest Fad- in Hairdressing. V
JI Thriliino; Experiences Among the Mexican II
31 ' Frontier Smugglers. •!•
«^« * • •
I NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL | |
I I
S^-M-H-M-M Mill i-.1-H^S^H^^'PH-H-H-H-H^l-^O
TRYING TO BREAK IN.
ocratic bosses to turn over the city to the I
railroad corporation.
THE REPUBLICANS.
Measures Adopted to Bring Support
to the Delegate Tickets.
The committee on permanent organisa- |
t i,,n and order of business, which was ap
pointed by the Republican Advisory Cen
tral Club last Wednesday night, met at i
the Union League Club last evening. Jo- j
seph S Si>ear. chairman. caJled the meet- I
ing to order. Maurice L. Asher, .-ecre
tary noted the proceedings. The commit
tee resolved to recommend for permanent
officers the temporary officers ejected last ;
Wednesday night. At the suggestion of i
Colonel T. V. Eddy the following n
tion was adopted:
Resolved That the Rppuhiican County
Committee of the city and county of Kan
Francisco be and they axe hereby re- j
quested to notify by circular or otherwise I
the Republican electors of said city and |
county '•' th- names of thf candidates in
the various districts for delegates to the
forthcomlnß local convention who have
been regularly chosen as such candidates
under the regular Republican organization
of eaid city and county.
The announcement was male that there
would be a meeting of the Republican
County Committee at Shtels Hall this
evening, hence a sub-committee wa s ap
pointed to present the foregoing resolu
\ tion.
An address or appeal to voters in each
1 Assembly District will be issued to-day
iby the Central Republican Comnil'te^
' and Citizens' Republican I^eag-ues of Son
I Francisco. The appeal is signed by
THE SAN FPANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.
HE NEEDS ANOTHER BOOST, SAM.
Henry T. Scott. James A. Wilson and Z.
C. Dodge. The- document gl\ -,-s the name
and address ol each candidate for riele
gate. The headlines of the address con
tained the following words in displayed
letters:
DEATH KNELL OF BOSSISM.
Freedom From Political Outlawry at
Hand.
WORK OF THE CENTRAL RE
PUBLICAN COMMITTEE.
Its Purpose to Secure a Convention of
Reputable Citizens and to Elect
Honest Men to Office.
Regarding the candidate for Mayor thft
The Charles Nelson Making Port With Gold Hunters From the Klondike.
i address contains these words:
A Krave responsibility rests upon the vot
ers of San Franclßco. I'pon them depends
whether men «hall be elected to office who
will faithfully carry out the provisions of
the new Charter. That instrument invests
the executive head of the municipality
with almoHt reiral powers. Appointments
and removals of subordinates will rest al
most exclusively with him; the city's treas
ury Will be practically under his control; ,
there will not be a department of the local
government over which the Mayor may not
exercise his dictatorial authority. The man
who wleMa such tremendous power must
come from the people direct. No hosn must
be permitted to have the naming of such
an- office: no man must be slven the office
who insolently claims It months in ad
vance a.« his by rijrht. ■
The next Mayor of San Francisco rnußt be
named only after calm and th'iußhtful de
' liberation by a body composed of the best
and wisest citizens, after careful consider
ation shall have been given to the quali
fications of every man submitted to it. bo,
also muet other officers be selected. Such
procedure will only be followed by the
delegates selected by the Central Repub
lican Oasuec. Not one of them will enter
the convention bound down to any man or
any faction. Their sole Incentive will be
to "absolve the city from the corrupt meth
ods of the bosses and to provide com
petent officers of unimpeachable honesty,
j J Morehouse. president of the Thir
! tieth "District Central Republican Club,
i strenuously denies that his club has en-
I tered into a compromise with any other
At n a Za meeting of the Mission Regular
I Republican Club last night the executive
committee reported that it had organized
with Percy Beamish as chairman. E. B.
i Smith as secretary and Frank Zau as
1 treasurer. Permanent headquarters has
I been established in Mission Turn Verein.
The Regular Republican Club of th«»
1 Thirtv-flrst Assembly District met last
' night in Trades Hall. 1159 Mission street.
for the purpose of . electing delegates to
• the approaching municipal convention.
i John T. Collins presided and F. H. Do
i herty was secretary. Speeches were dcliv
! ered by E. H. Pendergast, L. A. Taylor,
i Louis Berger and D. C. Van Nostrand.
'■ Songs and recitations were rendered by
■ Joseph Deasy, Walter Smith, A. A. Fried
, lander and John Roach.
A largely attended meeting of the Reg
! ular Republican Club of the Thirty-sixth
Assembly District was held in Rolando
i Hall, Twenty-eighth and Church streets,
i last night. Charles E. Myers presided.
A resolution was adopted opposing the
indorsement of any city, State or Federal
I official as a candidate for delegate to the
municipal convention. Some thirty or
forty names were offered by the members
present for the twenty-three delegates to
be elected at th* primary election to be I
held on the Sth lnst. A committee con
sisting of F. A. Elliott. Charles Pierce, !
William Wright. N. R. Doolittle, George |
Tluglxs, John Sykee and Peter Sheridan |
was appointed to select the candidates of ,
the club for d. -legates to the convention.!
WIRES GO UNDERGROUND.
The. Street «'ommfttee of the Board of
: Supervisors yesterday decided to recom
mend for adoption the original under
ground wire ordinance framed by the Mer
chants' Association, despite the allega
tions that have been made that the pro
posed law had a clause In It which would
permit the San Francisco Messenger
Company and American District Tele
grnph Company to run their wires over
head. ' •
President Dohrmann of. the association
was present at the meeting and explained
that in drafting the ordinance the mer
chants had desired to remove all unsightly
poles but to do so by a method that
would work the least expense to the com
panies that maintain them. The proposed
ordinance, he said, was merely the first
step in the right direction, and other com
panies would be included when the move
ment was well under way.
The* ordinance will come up on Its final
passage on Monday.
In the Divorce Court.
Frances Leonard has been granted a
divorce from Robert D. Leonard an the
ground of desertion. Louisa J. Colquhoun
has applied for a divorce from Robert E
Colquhoun. alleging failure to provide as
as cause of action.
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT
Tvtt This Belt Is warranted to *« the I,ate«t
fflßL^V^y^ 1 '«^.T>g> : —^*g>^—J»JMl Improved, most powerful and In al' re-
m WLlft !'?'•' 7 T f 'y<l T 7 CV^Hi specta the BeHt now manufactured In
BgSKi^f •'* -T~ % , t \i •' f>' \xii®a any rart of the world. Its equal does
KSafifc**! ' r ')/•£ / / ' not exist. The Galvanometer <=hows Its
WgStt?^Jr>^« w^^^2^^c v c^^!r >l^^l''3Bi^ electric current to be double that of any
'?^rKß'Hl^rKrHi«^Cto<THjiiHfl I sliB^ ither. Kasily regulated! Durably in-
WBa!tt:!l 'iSi>cKsi HTVVit^S*' sulnte.r Latest Improved attachments!
AviiT*-*'T\Jr*^i 2S^&K^3»!r^V4r Z^ Ppcclal conductors and electrodes. Double
»\.i r Or^*fXX~ " rSJrv^fMw'VN wire suspensory, for men. Satin-lined
Afl^"' S>^k v^V^xy\^\Vj' body belt. It will cure any disease on
•^%UJ'L\yfcJ£3\M?Kh2^ m^'\)\X' earth that it Is possible to cure with
!i\ I I "y^Wf/'I '■ -^ n ■ * 6< N. B.— The kind of belts others B*ll »t
r ' -^Kk^tiJt^-t— h!ph prices we furnish at $3.50.
/^•^^^Tii^t (E7 Buy no belt till you call on us or
V 'A<-L't «*nd 2c stamp for "Booklet No. *•"
\ x " > Addreoe
PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco. Cal
RUPTURE— If ruptured send stamp for "Booklet No. I."
GOLD HUNTERS
HOME FROM THE
FROZEN NORTH
Arrival of the Charles
Nelson.
SEALERS AT DUTCH HARBOR
A FLEET OF THEi*' READY TO
ENTER BERING SEA.
Mutiny on the British Ship Talus.
Six of the Crew in Irons When
the Vessel Went to
Sea.
The Alaska Exploration Company's
chartered steamer Charles Nelson arrived
yesterday afternoon from St. Michael via i
Dutch Harbor. She brought forty-seven
soldiers of the Third Artillery, who spent
a year in frontier duty on the Yukon. 64
cabin and 19 steerage passengers. Among |
the latter were eight unfortunates whom
the Government had to transport to San
Francisco, and the people on the Nelson |
say that destitute miners will have to !
be brought away from St. Michael in the \
fnll by the shipload or they will starve. ;
Nothing is known positively about Cape
Nome. The quality of the diggings is still
unknown and hundreds of the people who j
have flocked there, it is said, will never
make a cent.
Among the Charles Nelson's 103 passen
gers there was not $150,000 in gold dust. }
Almost everybody aboard had a little,
but In some instances the little they had
cost more than twice Its value to secure.
J. W. Wilson was the wealthiest man
aboard. He has spent fourteen years on
the Yukon and brings out about $73,000.
It was only within the last year that his
luck changed, and when he had cleaned
up enough to live on he at once got out
of the Klondike. A. J. Hartman and W.
L. Devonshire had about $25,000 between
them in dust, and .otners had drafts and
small quantities of gold to show for their
labors. All of the eight people assisted
borne by the Government have tales of
hard luck to tell. They prospected in
every camp, but struck nothing, and when |
their money gave out they had to make
the best of their way back to San Fran
cisco. , ... ,
The Charles Nelson stopped thirty-six
hours at Dutch Harbor. A fleet of eight
een sealing schooners was there and
seven more were expeotfd. They were
all waiting to go into Bering Sea on
August 1. when the place was open for .
Beating The revenue cutter Orarit was
also there coating. She hud been on a
cruise around the Prihiloff Island? and
was going back into the sea with the |
sealers. ■ , ,„ ,
'I he revenue cutters Rush and \\ univak
were at St. Michael when the Charles
Nelson sailed If the Wunivak can he ,
got up the river she will winter at Daw
son but there seems to be some ques
tion about her draft, so nothing had been
done with the steamer at the time of the
sailing of the Nelson. i
The Charles Nelson brought down 3443
pounds of whalebone from one of the
whalers that met her at Unalaska. Rev.
i Raphael Kedroosky, the Russian mls
: siotaary at th;y place, and his wife came
down on the steamer.
The crfw of the transport Senator was
paid off yesterday. There is some doubt
as to the sending back of the steamer.
The Government la very anxious to get
many men to the Philippines as quickly
as possible before the spring campaign
opens *o the chances are that the Sen
ator will go back. Chief Steward George
Hume was on the sick list all the latter
part of the voyage and will start for the
springs to-day to recuperate. There will
be a number of changes in the engineer's
department and Purser Campbell may not
go out on the vessel if she returns to
Manila.
Captain Batchelder was treated to a
surprise at the Government wharf yes
terday morning. A few days ago he
shaved off his mustache and his many
friends said it improved his good looks
considerably. Imagine nig astonishment,
however, when nearly every employe on
the wharf put in an appearance yester
day with a clean upper lip. Harry Scott,
superintendent of the dock, was the first
to arrive, and Batchelder had to look at
him twice before he recognized him. A
few minutes later along came Port
Steward Bussell and right behind him
was Captain Dunn, the chief stevedore.
When Captain Batchelder saw that they
also were clean shaven he began to
wonder, but when Clerks Harry Parker,
X R Patterson and Joe Matthews came
along minus any hair on the upper lip,
he was di»r.ust">d and hnanlod th* hos
pital ship Relief. All the gatekeepers de
cided to shave off their mustaches last
night so there should be a ciean-shaven
force on the Government wharf to-day.
F TV' Marauart. a Berkeley bicyclist, is
laid up in the Harbor Hospital for re
pairs. He started up Clay street from the
j ferries, and seeing a wagon taking up the
center of the road he went to the right.
The driver of the wagon wanted to make
a stop on the north side of the street, so
! when Marquart went to his right the
: driver turned his horse to the left and the
! collision followed. The bicyclist was
i stunned by the fall and was so badly
' bruised that he had to be removed to the
hospital in the ambulance.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
: Barracouta arrived from Acapulco vester
' day in ballast. She has been on the run
i between Panama and Central American
ports and has come home for an over
hauling.
There was trouble on the British ship
i Talus yesterday and when the vessel put
ito sea six of the crew were in irons. Ser
geant Bunner and Officer McGowtn of the
harbor police wont as far as Fort Point
en the ship and then Captain Stenhouse
said he could handle the gang himself.
: There is a great scarcity of men on the
front and Captain Stenhouse had some
trouble in getting a crew. Six A. B.s cost
i him $120 In "blood money." and when
these men refused at the last moment to
! go out in the ship it madr- the captain
: angry. The men then refused duty, so
the police were summoned and the mu
tineers were placed in irons. The captain
was then in a quandary about getting hi*
! ship to sea, but finally secured some men
1 from the shore to go as far as the light
ship with him. They made sail on the
ship and then boarded the tug and came
back to the city. Captain Stenhouse told
Sergeant Bunnpr that as soon as he got i
; clear of the harbor he would release the '
I mutineers and put them to work, so the ;
j six men are now probably standing an
extra watch for the trouble they made.
THE KENNEDY MURDER.
i Prosecution Bests Its Case and the
Defense Will Be Submitted
Monday.
The preliminary examination of Come- j
lius Manning, charged with the murder \
of Mrs. Mary Kennedy by throwing a
lighted lamp at her on the night of July i
| 4 in his mother's house, 2141 Jones street, I
was continued before Judge Conlan yes- j
i terday. Dr. H. E. Morrison of the Harbor i
; Hospital testified to the nature of Mrs.
Kennedy's wounds.
Thomas Kennedy, a boy 8 years of ape,
and nephew of the dead woman, contra-
I dieted his uncle in two important par- i
! tioulars. He testified that the fight took ;
: place in the dining room, and that one
! lamp was in the dining room and the other :
in the kitchen. His uncle when examined |
I testified that the fight took place in the \
; kitchen and that both lamps were in the j
dining room. The boy saw Manning after i
the fight on the lounge in the dining room
grab hold of the lamp and turn it upside ;
down and the glass fell off. He and hi*
brother then ran out. as they were scared
of being burnt-d. When Manning grabbed
hold of the lamp he said, "Now I have got
you." He did not see any lamp thrown. j
John Tarleton. 14 Lick street, testified :
that he called at the Manning house that '
night and they were all drinking steam
beer. He left before any trouble began.
' ' Sergeant Anderson and Policeman At-
I tridge testified as to arresting Manning
' and the prosecution rested.
Attorney J. X. K. Wilson for the defense I
I submitted a door as evidence, and Mary I
Manning, sister of the defendant, identi
fifl it as the door of a closet In the din- j
ing room. Wilson said that the door would !
play an important part in the defense.
- At ' Wilson's request a continuance was |
granted until Monday.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of P. H. F. Nau ana Elise
Braunschweiger Filed.
The will of P. IT. Frederick Nau. v^hn
died July 3, leaving property valued at
$8000. was filed for probate yesterday.
; Decedent hequeaths hi? personal effects
to bis (laughter, Mary Nau. Th* residue.
of the estate ip devised. Phanp and share
alike, tn hie children, Mary. John 8., Anne,
i Ada and Sidney Jamt;s Nau.
The will of Elise Braunschwelger, who
died July 27, was also filed for probate.
| Decedent's estate is valued at $10,000. It
I is bequeathed in total to Hermann Braun
i schwelg:er. husband of the deceased.
Dear M*»<lam: "Pegamoid" says come!
Yno'rf welr-<.mp, Chronicle builJing;. No. 61.
SELBORNE SCHOOL
FOR BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29, with
handsome new buildings, heated hy steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no fornnce, no
stoves no flues in boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fire-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal, REV. CHABLES HITCHCOCK, San
Rafael. .
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY, CAU.
is rebuilding with all modern improvementa.
Will be thoroughly equipped .and begin its
ninth year August loth. Beautiful surround-
ings, home influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. WBB.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
ior catalogue and Illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
AL.AMEDA.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY, August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON, Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
I QQrki"! WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUG.
OOU vr 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
versity; twenty-second year; corps of 11 pro-
femors. Accredited with the University. Foi
catalogue of Information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDINO. Rector.
Ham in School aid Van Ness c eminary,
IQ /tO JACKSON, COR. GOUGH ST., S. F.
ICI tU Boarding and day school for girls,
: Accredited by the University of California.
i Opens August 14. 1599. Send for prospectus.
\ SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
! MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered,' in music, art and elocution.
One hour frcm San Francisco. Write foi
catalogue to MRP. C. T. MILLS, President,
Mills College Postofflce, Alameda County,
Cal. Thirty-third year. Fall term opens Au-
i gust 2, 1899. •
■) — — :
! HOLMES" College of- Oratory— Term open!
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
■ical culture. Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
tnerlng corrected: IS Instructors: degrees con-
ferred: day and evening classes. Address see-
retarV for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bid*. B. F
CONCERTS AND BESO*TS.
CHUTES ZOO!
.EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL! SATURDAY NIGHT! -
. PRIZE CAKE WALK.
PARTICIPATED IN BY THE PRINCIPAL)
OF THE RECENT INTERNATIONAL
CAKE WALK CARNIVAL!
Reserved Seats by Phone, Steiner 1851.
Del I Liv^ Thcee who were tneri
a Bay th« Panorama Is i
< g^r . correct representation
IJI Lectures by Prof W
G. ROLLINS aftsr
/I/I »-» li 1 «r» noons and evenings.
iYlclllllcl Market st.. nr E!«nth
Admission, 50c.
Bay! Children, **
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathinz. lncludlacr admission. 2sc. Children. 20c
MISCELLANEOUS.
JOLCER^F
| THE OORNEA
Magical Cure of a Difficult
Eye Trouble by Dr.
Aborn.
i
.
One of the most important branches of
medical practice is the treatment of the
• eye anxi the cure of ailments to which the
human optic is subject. In this practice
; Dr. Aborn of 554 Sutter street has become
i proficient to a marked degree.
i The following testimonial as •to Dr.
' Aborn's qualifications in this respect is
given: • '
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 3. 1599.
! To Whom It May 'Concern: This is to cer-
i tlfy that Dr. Aborn. 554 Sutter street. cur-«l
.my left eye in two days as by magic. My
1 • trouble was ulcer of the cornea, which caused
me *reat agony. In two days' treatment by
i Dr. Aborn I was thoroughly cured.
EUGENE B. PHXPPS,
j 11 Elwood street.
All diseases of the eye are successfully
treated by this well-known specialist, ana
all who are suffering from weak, sore or
I inflamed eyes, specks, films, granulated
i lids or dimness of vision will find it to
l their interest to consult him.
AMUSEMENTS.
| GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
THE TALK OF FRISCO!
WH\T" BOCCACCIO? YOU BET!!!t
"BOCCACCIO!"
i THE FUNNIEST OPERA EVER WRITTEN!
IT'S A WONDER!!
Orchestra ..35c and oOclFamlly Circle IRo
1 Dress Circle...'. I Gallery 10c
i At the Saturday Matineee best reserved neat
for 23c.
! Branch box office inside main entrance Em-
porium.
. 21— EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS— 2I
; | IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG,
; In the Original Protenn Comedietta, "Man-
agerial Troubles."
I JOSEPH ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER.
! HERR YON PALM.
LAURA JOYCE BELL AND CO.
» LA FALFALLA. MURRAY.
> ! ELIZABETH MURRAY.
: ; PHOITES PANTOMIME. THE ELDRIDGES.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
j and box »eats 60c.
iJ Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. .
»|. — —
; CALIFORNIA THEATER.
t ! IN DEFERENCE TO THE WISHES OP
THOUSAND^!
AGAIN TO-NIGHT,
MISS BLANCHE BATES
And HER SUPERB COMPANY.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLET.
In the Magnificent Production of
MADAME SANS GENE
MONDAY EVENING. August 7th. First Pro-
• ductlon on Any Stage of Clinton Stuart
Fantastic Comedy, Entitled
"THE FAIRY GODMOTHER."
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
HENRY MILLER
'I SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
j And SATURDAY MATINEE AND NIGHT,
! HAMLET!
t . A GREAT CAST!
; I NEXT MOIDAT— SIBTH WEEK-HENRY MILLER.
The London Garrlck Theater Success,
' "BROTHER OP-F-ICERS."
SEATS NOW SELLING.'
j i TIVQLI OPERA-HOUSE?
i GRAND OPERA SEASON!
BIGGEST BUSINESS ON RECORD.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
TO-NIGHT.
..."AIDA"...
• "AIDA" Last Time To-morrow Eveninj.
MATINEE TO-MORROW OF
..."LUCIA"...
"LUCIA" Last Tirm> Sunday Night.
GREAT LIST OF LYRIC ARTISTS.
Powerful Orchestra and Chorus.
Magnificent Costumes and Scenery.
L Next Week— "TROVA TORE" and "FAUST."
POPULAR PRICES— and 50 C«nt«.
Telephone Bush 9.
\ ALCAZAR ™
ONLY THREE MORE NIGHTS OF
• ROMEO AND JULIET.
v MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
SUPPORTED BY WHITE WHITTLESEY
AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
'• I Chronicle says: "The production was alto-
. ! gether a sign of the times and stage develop-
- | OlTi PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c. JJc
s ' MONDAY- NIGHT "THE LADY OF LYONS."
**sSEPT.<V-gTol6 T> »- *
* Choicest RiuiTS.WiNEs.VEGE-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
J A G%£M S\oC^ SY\ONW»
[ 1 B(tcrtair\n\cT\t.
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fRSE
- Excursion Rates To Visitors.
ITB FOR fARTICUURs. .
L \«n j SHIELDS -A.B.SPRECKLES
' -" ETC sprJITARY President
78
COM MERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
•Jurp°ntlne and Nut Oil advanced.'
Pig Tin and Quicksilver higher.
New rices for Codfish.
Rye dull. Hay in moderate receipt, but
?Ti«in -wid Middlings stand the same.
=3SFas
Onions continue to aa\ance.
steady. ■
Poultry plentiful .and quiet.
Cheese advanced. Butter and Eggs stana
U Fr"rfruns in good supply at previous
PI T>Hed fruits rule firm in New York.
Kto continue active, with Hams lead
-1n w oolo ol Hidesand Heps *hr>* no variation
All , ription« of Meats as previously
QU Grafn Bags firm, with an active demand.
RECEIPTS OF COAL.
thiß rlrt , ' n J^ T[i
from Australia.
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
Ti.r coinage of the local mine In July was
n July, i- ■
Double eagles. $1. es, $2.
--dollars, $46,000: dimes $20,000. The
■he flr^t seven minth? •! th- year
• $32,678,482 for the
... . ;. ..
GREAT ACTIVITY IN I.VMBER.
Pacifi.- <~nast Wood and Iron ?ays of Lumber
cry: "There come from all parts
Be Coast re; I great actlv
- and a general feeling
ems prevalent. Domestic or
dPr? are heavy, but In the export lines the
•able. The great
- with the scarcity of suitable bot
for lumber shipments. . and this will con
r the i tstwise carriers which
,v tied up at Honolulu are released and
Sound t ntil then
lumbermen will have a hard time to secure the
to carry the cargoes which
■:,-r rates are nigh and
- • figures by
tion for carriers.
. ..• department of the redwood lujn
irishing and heavy ship
daily going eastward from the
nt of distribution
the State and the great
common among the
ehinele manufactu
••In th- hardwood lines the conditions are
the n ■ th of July, which is usually
;■...- oa en-
I on the I'a.Mflc Coast, es
■ s«n Francisco, but, as
the business In the past month
has be^n quiet but -firm. In September, h w
■ re lively and the
lueirt and greater.
;r. sent i r phe leg
••f n • Brm with a slightly
U nwaj ■ ' "° lumber from the
: is felt a visible advancement dur
■ "i and pine
■ retail yard.- have small
• months, yes. years
th< July lumber business is
• • the conditions .if last
I Vieust even
activ
to be an unusual activity
rs and they al! seem to
rs. The old cry of dull
I the machinery man
n risked how business is. This in
• : Not only are new en-
Id plants are be
ing r . . d filled with new machinery.
Th^ , r whole country is waking up
I times is before us."
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
New York Commercial rays: "New crip j
• ntion, but
ia so high that sales ar» Ftnall. Trade is
the nllinsj Of orders from dealers
•:• a few to fill an order here and there.
c for an advance, and
seems to be an impression that prices
will po up as demand increases. The total
yield this year is now placed at less than 500
being the quantity usually
n Is ab U1 over on the coast.
3 .uthern California the hurk of the I
■ ■ • aye come forward. < aimers hay» i
taken so much of the fresh fruit that th?
was so small that it
n ay be difl • emand. Pri • -
• on the coast, with practi
. ; ■: iw the inside quotation.
md for prunes, and dis
tter during the past few days.
- s :r .m the coast are to the effect ;
t h;tt a •■and has characterized the j
there lately and that the deadlock which
me time is broken. Sales for
i at V t r '.. o. b., but so far
„', ,-an he learned, actual transactions at that
been larpe. Buyers are not
g lame orders yet, but there is active j
inquiry, and rumors of sales at cut rates
are numerous. It is impossible to find that |
any large sales have actually been made this j
week for future shipment.
I>ried peaches for future delivery have ad
[ la now the quoted range for
nents. with a fractional reduction
The outlook for a large
hes is not as promising as
It was Canners are offering such high price?
• ■ iriers find it practically Impossible to
■• them, and are compelled to buy
■Raisins are quiet. There is little demand
frm any source, nnd consumers who patronize
- are haying seedless Instead. A few
ungraded ..goods are left on the spot, but the
small to amount to much.
ree an 4 four crown the feeling is firm
er, and the tenden y Is to advance."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian -Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 3. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
F.ureka — i Pan Diego 70
Fresno R8; ramento 72 r
Los Vngeles 78' Independence S4 ;
Rod Bluff 66 Yuma 102
San Luis Obispo ... 74
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, .''2: mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather '
prevails o\v>r the Pacific Slope. Light showers
snd thunder storms are reported from Nevada,
Utah, Arizona and the mountain regions of
California.
The pressure changes have been slight and ;
irregul showing a condition favorable for j
thunder •ms. \
The temperature V.b? fallen decidedly in the |
interior of California and in. Northern Nevada ]
p.nd Southern Idaho.
Conditions are favorable for light scattered
showers and inder storms throughout the
greater portion of ihe Pacific Slope to-night j
and Friday morning.
Forecast made it San Francisco for thirty
hours ending Inight, August 4:
Northern California— Cloudy and threatening, :
v.-iUi scattered light showers to-night and
early Friday morning; light variable wind.
them California— Cloudy and threatening, !
with sihowers In the mountains; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers and thunder ;
storms Friday; warmer.
Utah— Showers and thunder storms Friday.
Arizona— with thunder storms Frl- ;
day. • ;
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
threatening, probahly with light sprinkles
early Friday morning: fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official. !
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW. YORK. Auk. 3.— To-day's stock mar
ket was professional almost entirely and was '
dull, except in one or two spots. Symptoms
of strength were confined to a few of the spe- \
cialties, notably Tobacco, which made up a I
large proportion of the day's total transactions.
The movement in th!s stock was attributed to
mariTpulaUon directed against the shorts,
whose efforts to cover helped the advance. ;
Sympathetic strength was shown by Contlnen- i
tal Tobacco. Tennessee Coal continued its
remarkable ."how of strength and closed at the
highest price at a net gain of 2V4 points.
Otherwise the iron and steel stocks were mr
r lined to depression. Wall street had rumors
that t!i(>re had been a slump to-day in pig
lion prices abroad, but this could not be
verified. There have been recent purchases of
steel abroad,- but these were simply the re
sult of the great scarcity and great demand
In this country. Dispatches reporting a
'I-roatened plague of grasshoppers in Western
States were used with effect to depress ' the
Kranger stocks. The trunk lines aleo were
heavy.
The recent buying: by London in this market
fame to a stop, owing to the decision of the
1-oixlon h;iiiße to close from Friday until
Tuesday over the bank holiday, on Monday.
The bears made a successful attack on
Brooklyn Transit, People's Gas and Rock Ul
cnil c-arly in the day. thus Increasing the ten
dency to reaction. The market had its periods
i r" strength sustained by the movement in To
bacco, firmness in Sugar, strength In Rubber
find ■ n.-ral Electic and a few of the railroad
stocks. The strength wai not 'maintained and
the Isolated railroad stocks, such as Bt. Louis
Southwestern and some of the Southern
stocks which showed small net gains, were so
nearly inactive as to have little effect on the j
general market The undertone of the market
was heavy until the close, notwithstanding
a sudden marking of Brooklyn Transit. The
retention by the Bank of England of its exist
ing rate of discount instead of an advance, .
failed to have a very reassuring effect. j
The private rate or discount in London ad- ,
vanced a fraction above the bank rate, Sterl
ing Exchange in New York resumed its down
ward course, notwithstanding the advance in i
the London private rate and the announce- ,
ment of a shipment from Australia to Sun ,
Francisco of $1,206,675 in gold. In Pans rentes
tended downward again. These Incidents are
accepted -ns admonitions that if exchange here
falls to the gold Import point. London ana j
the Continent will sell securities rather than ,
part with the gold. The decline in the local |
money market was after most of the daj s
business was over and was without signifi- |
cance. Kansas City. Plttsburg and Gulfs con- .
tinued in demand to-day and gained % p«r cent
; net. Otherwise the bond market was dull and ,
rather Irregular. Total Bales par value, $1,100,- ,
' United States bonds were unchanged on bid
quotations.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Cl0 f i ' n IS I
Sold. Stocks— '•'■.
100 Afchison ii{*
24.565 Atchison prefd "
-550 Baltimore & Ohio Tl.,
Canadian Pacific '• -
100 Canada ithern ??
100 Central Pacific .',:. ,
1.400 Chesapeake & Ohio -' i
4.025 Chicago Great Western },!.
--10350 Chicago. LSurlington & Quincy 13.%
Chicago, Ind <fc Louisville 10
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 41
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois _<6%
S» Chicago & Northwestern JW*
10.254 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific llvs
7t> C C C & St Louis 5i% i
100 Colorado Southern 5
Bin Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4. 1 *
110 Colorado Southern 2d prefd it*
I.<KX) Delaware ><• Hudson J23 ■■■
1,450 Delaware. Lack & Western 177%
100 Denver & Rio Grande = W
200 lienver & Rio Grande prefd '-'\
870 Erie ■ »7i
277 Erie Ist prefd ■) L ,
235 Great Northern prefd i (l ■•
Hocking Coal J* f
\ Hocking Valley 23^ 2
1.290 Illinois Central 1"%
100 lowa Central l-s
100 lowa Central prefd 52
1.300 Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 9
500 Lake Erie .v Western - 1
660 Lake Erie & Western prefd Jw%
Lake Shore »lji
4.245 Louisville & Nashville i*Vi
6.500 Manhattan L IJBJ4 |
1.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 211' |
1,100 Mexican Central 14% j
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 58
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 934
i .6.400 Missouri Pacific 48 '*
■ ....... Mobile & Ohio 44
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12 ! *
1.625 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 36H
600 New Jersey "Central H«H i
3,480 New York Central 139' i
620 Norfolk & Western 2t}i :
1,430 Norfolk .V- Western prefd .■■ 71% !
5.650 rthern Pacific z- 3 *
1.935 Northern Pacific prefd 77 ;
1,200 Ontario & Western 26%
Oregon Railway & Nay 40
• Oregon Railway <fc Nay prefd.... 75
j 3.200 Pennsylvania 136%
• 1.40il Reading - 1
1 6,900 Reading Ist prefd -• 60%
! Reading I'd prefd 33
| Rio Grande Western 30
1 Rio Grande Western prefd 78
510 Si Louis & San Francisco 11%
I St Louis cv San Francisco Ist prefd. 71
! St Louie & San Francisco 2d prefd. 38% i
8,450 St Louis Southwestern 18
7,140 St Louis Southwestern prefd 3f l3 i
9,465 St Paul 132
210 St Paul prefd 174
200 St Paul & Omaha 1 '■'■''■ i
7.430 Southern Pacific 34^ !
100 Southern Railway 11' 2
j I,3'X) Southern Railway prefd 52%
' 100 Texas & Pacific 22U
445 Union Pacific '. -14-.
I 1.800 L'nion Pacific prefd "7% |
Wabash '\ I
•425 vTabaeh prefd ■ 22-%
Wheeling .v- Lake Erie 9%
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 24
200 Wisconsin Central l-'i^g
Express Companies—
....... Adams 112%
American 13S
■ United States 50
Well-Fargo .- 126
Miscellaneous—
l.Ofiil American Cotton Oil 42-\ |
American Cotton Oil prefd 93' i i
American Malting I" 1 *
300 American Malting prefd 67
445 American Smelting and Refining Sft'vi
Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.. 5".%
American Spirits 5\
American Spirits prefd 22
1.415 American Steel Hoop 31%
915 American Steel Hoop prefd 7Si ;
9.4. r .i American Steel and Wire r* 7
-370 American Steel and Wire prefd - 97%
1,200 American Tin Plate 42U
650 American .Tin Plate prefd 874
93,170 American Tobacco 112%.
i American Tobacco prefd 142'-j I
I 3.500 Anaconda Mining Company 55% I
: 41.875 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ll. r <^ I
1,690 Colorado Fuel and Iron 4S-% \
23,890 ''■ ntinental Tobacco 41**,
6,6<>t Continental Tobacco prefd 90
ir»so Federal Steel 59%
2>» Federal Stee! prefd 81%
2.500 General Electric 121..
1,965 Glucose Sugar 65%
i Glucope Sugar prefd 108
460 International Paper 42%
1,890 IntPrnational Paper prefd 79
525 Laclede Gas 56%
550 National Lead 21
National Lead prefd 112^ j
3,2<V> National Steel 03%
700 National Steel prefd 94 !
350 National Air Hrake 196
4,800 North American 12
i ....... Pacific Coast • ■• 38%
; Pacific Coast first prefd S3
I Pacific Coast second profd..'. 55
200 Pacific Mail 4*S
6,850 People's Gas 1204
I.!' Pressed Steel Car 56%
gOO Pressed Steel Car prefd 87^
145 Pullman Palace Car i.'- ■
1.601 Standard Rope and Twine 8%
27,950 Sugar Ifi2%
; Sugar prefd lis^,
10,460 Tennessee Coal and Iron 76%
275 United States Leather 6%
1,405 T'nlted States Leather prefd 73
6,882 United States Rubber 51% I
260 United States Rubber prefd T.'\
270 Western Union b'.i'i
■
I 40n,lfX) shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
I U S 2s reg 100% M, X & T 4f.. 93%
! U S 3s res: 108 V* N V Cent Ist s.... 112
:US 3s coupon 108%]N J <V:it gen 55..12' i
!U S new 4s. reg. .129 iNo Carolina Cs 127%
D S new 4s c0p0n.129 No Carolina 4s 104
U 6 old 4s, reg..ll2V4|Nor Pacific lsts...H3
U S old 4s. c0up.. 113 I Nor Pacific 3s 67 1 .;
fU S Es, reg llllijNor Pacific 4s 103%
!U S ss. coupon. Hl'i-iN Y. C& S L4s
District of C 3 555.117 j prefd 107%
Alabama, class A. 110 Nor & W con 4s. 94%
Alabama, class 8.1 10 Nor & W gen 6s. 135
I Alabama, class C.104 Or N lsts prefd. .ll3
: Alabama currency. 100 iOr Nay 4s 101%
Atchison gen 45. .101% Or Short Line 65.129%
i Atchison. adj 45... 55% Or S Line un 5«.112%
Can So 2ds 11l | Reading Gen 45... BSU
Ches & O 4%5.... 97% Rio G W lsts 98'
Ches & O Be pfd..H9 S L & I M conss.H4
! Chi & N con 7b.. 143% S L & S F gen 6s 124
C&NS Fdb 58.120 St Paul Consols. 170%
, Chi Terminal 4b.. 99% S P. C & Pac lsts.l2lVi
: D & R G Is pfd.lo6 St Paul. Chi A P55121%
I Denvr & Rio G 4s.lW iSo Railway 85....109%
I E Term, Va & Ga Stan R & T 6b pfd 90
• 1 firsts 103 iTenn new settle-
Erie Gen. 4s pfd.. 73 I ment 3s 95
Ft Worth & Dnvr Tex & Pac 15t5....11S
City firsts 7S%!Tex & Pac 2ds 55%
i Gen Electric 05... 116 ] Union Pacific 45.. 105%
G H & S A 65....110%! c & S 4s 57%
G H & S A 2d5..11l I Wabash lsts 117
i H & Tex Cen 55. 11 l I Wabash 2<3h 100%
:H & T Cen con 65. 110% West Shore 4s 114>i
| lowa Cen Is pfd. 115 Wis Cen Ints 76',;
' I,a new con 45... 106 Va Centuries 85-%,
' L & N, unified 4s. 100% Va deferred 5
i M, X ft T 2d5.... 66 I
NEW YORK- MINING STOCKS.
' Con Cal & Va.... 2 Plymouth 10
1 Gould & Curry •J'VQuicksilvor 2 00
I Hale & Norcross. 33, Quicksilver prefd.. SOO
j Homestake 65 00 Sierra Nevada 6»
1 Iron Silver 60 Standard : | r.r,
i . Mexican Es|Union Con 34
; Ontario 6 75;Yel!ow Jacket 33
j Ophlr 1 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDB.
Money— . West End 95
Call loans 3<f4% West End prefd.. ll4
Time loans 4@5 West Electric 49%
.Stocks— West Elec prefd.. 6S
A. T 4; X F 20"4 Wis Central 15%
A, T & S F pfd. 63% Bonds—
i Amer Sugar 162% Atchison 4s 100
1 Amer Sugar pfd.. llß i Mining Shares
1 Bell Telephone 350 Adventure 9%
- Boston & Albany.. 26o Allouez M Co 7%
t ; Boston Elevated.. .lo7% I Atlaptic 30
Boston A Maine. .2oo Boston & M0nt. ..354
• : Chi, ,B & Q 137 ! Butte & Boston.. 77
'; Ed Elec 111 205 Calumet <£ Hecla.B3s
, . Fltchburg prefd. ..r.B Centennial ..... 33
. Gen Electric 124% Franklin 19%
. 1 Federal Steel 69% Humboldt 3»i
- Federal Steel prfd Sl\ Osceola 891;
1 Mexican Cent Parrot 51%
J Mich Telephone. ...loo iQuincy 100
■ Old Colony 205 j Santa Fe Copper.. 13',i
" Old Dominion — 35% j Tamarack 2l<t
5 j Rubber r,l IWlnona 12U
" Union Pacific 44% Wolverines 47
*i Union Land 7% '
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Londcn financial cablegram says".
The markets were extremely irile to-day, in
view of holidays and the hard money. The
bank rate was not changed, but a rise Is
thought Inevitable, the reserve being lower in
iplte of the heavy Influx of gold from abroad.
The bank did considerable business in consols.
.Americans were dul! and featureless and the
finish was fractionally lower. The bank bought
£162.000 in gold bars and £GO6O in German coin.
Ten thousand pounds were engaged for Buenos
Ayres.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 3 — Canadian Pacific, 100V4:
Northern Pacific preferred, So^4; Union Pacific
preferred, SOVi; Atchlson, 21*; Grand Trunk,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.
7*4: Anaconda. 11U : bar Oliver steady. 27% d
per ounce; money, 2% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN' AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,972; exports, 17.650. Easier than the previous
' day on a withdrawal of bids and sympathy
with wheat. .
WHEAT— Receipts,. 170,215; exports. 45.990.
■ Spot, easy. No. 2 red, 77% c t. o. b. afloat spot;
I No. 1 Northern Duluth. 76?ic t. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, SOUc f. o b. afloat to
arrive; No. 2 red. 74' 0 elevator. Options opened
easy at Vie net decline under disappointing
cables. Influenced later by foreign bu >'"s;
disturbing crop advices from the Northwest
: and stronger afternoon cable news, P rlc _. re
: covered, only to work off finally under realiz
ing. Closed easy at U@%e ne^decltne. Sep
tember, 7tft©7s 5-16 c, closed 74* c; December,
I 77 11-16©77% C, closed 77% c.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS-The' market displayed » ** n " ra j[ !
! weakness. Pretty much all day under a ,
; change of front on the part of the producers, ,
disappointing cables and less ta\orable at^" I
: ports from primary points than anticipated ]
! Tin and iron led in the weakness. At the
i close the Metal Exchange called: ,
PIG IRON— Warrants, lower, with *14 75 »ia ,
and $15 25 asked. . ..,
LAKE COPPER-Unchanged at $1S 50 •
TIN-Weak and nominal, with $31 bid ana <
a D- e d nchanged, with $4 55 bid and $4 57£ I
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 do ana
for pper $18 50.
SPELTER Easy at 6c. .
COFFEE Options closed quiet, net un
changed. Sales. 4500 bags including. £• item
ber, U 35; October, $4 40: November. *4 40. Jan
uary, $4 85; March. 15; April, io do aiay. \
jr. 10. Spot Coffee-Rio, dull and nominal. Mild, ,
quiet, but about steady. Cordovar-7%®11c
SUGAR-Raw. strong and held higher, fair)
refining. 4c; centrifugal. 96 test. 4 9-16 c. mo
lasses sugar. 3%c Refined, strong and quite
aC BUTTER-Hecelpts. 4057 packages. Quiet and
steady Western creamery. lo@lSc, fresh lac
tory, ll@14c; factory. 14@14%C. «t» a dv
Receipts, 6745 packages, steady.
Western ungraded at mark. 10©13 C.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Aug. -California dried fruits.
Ft KVAPORATED APPLF^-Common Bttgnjej
prime wire tray, B>4!gS%c; choice, B%©»c;
fancy, 9%<fi9%c. '
APRICOT^RoyaI- 14c; Moorpark. 16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ll@ll%e.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. _■
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.-Ix>ngs in wheat struck at j
the beginning of trading in the shape of lower
quotations from Liveri>ool. Ab the local mar- ,
ket showed a substantial rally yesterday at ,
least no weakness was looked for in foreign
markets and the Liverpool decline slight
\ though It was. resulted In an Jobs here I
of about %c. September started ■*"££«*£ j
The absence of toreign demand for American
wheat was again noticeable, but after -the first
selling movement had ceased this was
sight of in the continued reports ; of domestic
crop damage, which were so serious as to
cause the market to rally to yesterday's clos
ing Drice The damage was reported as being ,
particularly heavy In the Red *^« r * £'!*
and estimates place the total area affec ted aa
high as 150,000 acres, with probably N-*OO.OOO |
worth of growing grain destroyed. Utercabk
showed some rally in foreign markets and this
also encouraged buying. September rose to ,
70c, but reacted to 69%@68%c. on large Prlmarj
receipts. The liberal clearances sent the price
up to about 68% c. There were many minor
rallies and reactions, but during the afternoon
the market gradually tended downward. The
seaboard reported little foreign demand, ana
this coupled with the continued large primary
receipts apparently had a good deal of in
! nuence on longs, for considerable wheat was
p Ut on the market. The market was qu.to ;
i weak toward the close, September declining to .
6S'.,fi6«c and closing at 6§%c. Near the close ;
i Minneappolis wired that new spring wheat was
offered to arrive there In two weeks !
Corn 1 in the main was acme and
flnrn Reports of damage by hot weather In ;
■Kansas firm cables and light rece caused ,
a rally early, BhorU covering freely fl l e P , te n or
Ser closed a shade higher. The Bfitatftr
oats was dull and uninteresting. Prices were
Influenced almost entirely by other grains and
the ranse of prices was narrow. l han|!r.g
from September to May was a feature, faep- |
tember closed a shade higher.
The improved yellow fever situation caused a ,
better feeling in provisions and the market was \
; strong and fairly active throughout. Opening
i at a slight advice a good rally followe-d on ;
flherai buying b/ shorts. The close was strong
'at or near th/ best prices September pork
gained 12% c lard 6@7*c and ribs -ValOc.
The leading futures ranged as follows.
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
SeSemb^?:. 2 "..- Ml g, »* §0^
M fe m !r: r .:::::::::: 3& *§" «S $.
Sep^be?;: 2 .. 30* 31 30% 30%
M^ r Ik S3 S" ■ 30%
September" fZ 19% JOTi »U »%
' December 19% J9% 19 2 J»*
May 21U 21% 21% 2Hi
Mess P.rk. rer barrel— , |
! September ....'.... S 32% 8 62% f32 % 8 42%
October v ■'■" 8 57% 8 4.< i S 4<%
l.ard. per 100 pounds—
September 530 535 530 530
October 6 35 6 40 5 3o o 40
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
tember . - 4 '■•"'■•• &05 4 9.% : ' " :
October . ■ .".:"." .-, 02% 6_lo _ 5 02% 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follow*:
Flour choice' ■ ikers , strong; patents, dull;
No 3 spring wheat. fi4f7fi9%c: No. 2 red. 70% @
71»*c- No 2 corn. 31^.c; No. 2 oats. 20%^21c; No.
2 white. ■!■.'/» ■'•■<■. No. 3 white, 22%^25%C | » NO. ,
' 2 rye f>2<f/ s.*>c ; No. 2 li.irley, 351i3Sc; No. 1 flax- j
•■ee'd ' 97% c; prime timothy seed, 12 4". mess
pork per barrel. $7 65®8 40; lard. per 100
pounds 55 17 1 i'i?5 30; short ribs sides (loose).
Si MTt'tiJ; dry Baited shoulders (boxed), $■.•"■'! |
5 62%; short clear sides (boxed), $5 25<8"5 30;
whlnky distillers 1 finished goods, per gallon,
$1 2*.
Articles— Receipt*. Shipment?.
Flour, barren 14.000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 69.000 6.000
Corn bushels •.465.000 429.000
Oats." bushels 444,000 4.VS.IW)
Rye bushels 7.000 78.000
Barley, bushels U.OOO 2,000 ,
; fin the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter ;
market was firm; creamery. 13%<517%e; dairy, |
12@15%c Cheese, firm, 9'jj9%c. Eggs, firm; I
: fresh, * 12c.
( , LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- Sept. Dec.
! Opening ' Si 6 I" 1 "
I Closing ■'• s»; 5 10
PARIS FLTIRKS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb. j
Opening 19 f '"' 20 50
Closing t> 65 20 65 |
piour — : 43 15 27 80
Opening « 15 27 SO
Closing « 15 27 95
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— CATTLE-rThe supply to
day was much smaller than the demand and
brisk competition advanced the price of desir
able offerings 10c. Good to fancy sold at $5 35@
6 06; commoner grades, $4 50@5 30; stockers and
feeders, $3 2f>o4 80; bulls, cows and heifers.
$2 25@5 25; Texas steers. $3 75<g5 25; calves,
I 6 85.
HOGS— was a good demand for the
light offerings and prices advanced 10916 c' for
all descriptions. Heavy sold at $3 K#4 62%;
mixed. U -'-'■■! '■"■: light, $4 35@4 75; pigs, |3 50@
4 OT>: culls, $2'ji3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts nf sheep and lambs were
again heavy. Sheep declined 10(ffl5c, lambs
selling 2»iff3sc lower. Sheep brought $2 EO@3 50
for poor lots and $4 75ff?5 for the best; lambs
sold at $?■ 5004 50 for culls up to $6 20@6 80 for
fancy focks. ■ ; .. ; : , •>•
Receipts— Cattle, 6000; hogs, 15,000; sheep, 15.
--000.
CALIFORNIA FRIIT SALES.
' SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices:
NEW YORK. Aug. B.— Peaches, Early Craw
j ford. 63c: Foster. 86©75 c, average 67c; Susque-
I hanna. 50(5 Me, average 67c: Pears, Bartletts,
$1 75®2 4". average $2: Plums, Eureka, average
$1 40- Kelrey, average $1 01; Prunes, Italian,
average $1 05; Silver. SOCffll 10. average *1 05;
Tragedy, 75ctfi$l 30, average »1 18. Twenty -
I three cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 3.— Peaches, Early
i Crawford 70@86c. average 79c; Elberta. SOc'if)
$1 21; Kelsey, average $1 57: Peach Plums,
average 51 25; Satsuma, average 0"» c; Yellow
Egg. average $1 3:>: Prunes, German, average
$1 18; Gross average $1 85; Tragedy, Ssc(jssl 30,
average $1 Oh; Pears, Bartletts, $1 25^1 70,
average $1 SR.
I. >STON Aug. ".—Peaches. Early Crawford.
average 78c; Foster. 65c; Pears, Bartletts. $1 30
',/" IS average $190; Plums, Comedy, average
$1; Wickson, average $1 35: Prunes. German,
! $1 05
CHICAGO Aug. 3.— Peaches. Early Craw
ford average 78c: Elberts. average 74c; Pears.
Bartletts, average Jl SofSl 90: Plums. Yellow
Egg. single crates, average $1 14. Eleven cars
sold to-day.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Aujr. S.— Exchanges, *225,925;
balances, $33,650.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Aug. 3.— There was no change in
the wheat market to-day, prices continuing at
66c for Club; 59c for Bluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— Consols. 108; silver. 27% d;
French rentes, 9»f 97 Vic; wheat cargoes off
coait, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quiet an 3 steady; English country
TAvERPOOL. Aug. 3.— WHEAT — Steady;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm;
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American, 3s 6d; new, steady.
3s 4Vjd; American mixed old, steady. 3s 4d.
Futures, steady: September. 3s SVi'i; No\emDer.
WHEAT— Spot Steady. Futures, firm; Sep
tember. 5s S%tl; December, 5s lOd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 ?4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 1 4
Sterling Cables — 4 BSV4
New York Exchange, sight —
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12/4
Mexican Dollars 49V4 60
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60Vi
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAIN'S.
WHEAT— The Ben Lee takes for Hull 22.322
ctls, valued at $24.500; Talus, for Cork, 75,192
ctls, at J7S,!W>.
Lower cables from Liverpool were a damper
on the Chicago market. There were more
buyers than sellers, but trade was dull. Later
on the feeling was firmer, crop news being
more bullish. The Herald reported 150,000
acres In the Red River Valley destroyed by
hail, and the Kansas Corn crop was reported
damaged by hot winds. Lighter receipts and
large clearances were expected to decrease the
visible supply next Monday. The bull senti
ment seemed to be growing, and the under
current of the market was better.
The local market was dull, with a decline in
futures.
Exports from this port irt July were 823,058
ctls, \alued at $357,518.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 03\ffl 05; milling,
$1 <.vV<M 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sessinn-9:15 o'clock -December -
14,000 ctls. $1 11; 6000, $1 10-t,. May-4f)00. $1 14' t .
Second S-sslon— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 1" ■■« ;
2ono. $1 \n%; 14,000. $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session— May -2000 ctls.
$1 13-*; soon. $i 13",. December— 2ooo, $1 10-%;
20,000, $1 10^. . ..„
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls. $1 13%: 2000.
$1 13%. December 14.000, $1 10%; 24,'X10. $1 10.
BARLEY— Some holders were inclined to ask
higher prices, hut buyers could not be brought
to pay them except In one or two cases. Fu
tures were lower. , .
The Ben Lee takes for Hull 63.R03 ctl?. valued
at JKS.3OO.
Feed. B0O86Uc; Brewing. SO-aS^e; Chevalier,
$1 10®1 15 per ctl.
CALL ROARD BALES.
Informal session 9:ir. o'clock-^ December- MOO
ctls S2&JC- 2nnn S2Vc Seller '99, new 4r>oo, Sic.
Second Session- December— 4ooo ctls. 82>ic;
14,000, S2'?c.
Regular Morning session— December— Bo,ooo
ctls, S2' s c. Seller '93. new -6000, 81c.
Afternoon Session— December— l2,ooo ctls.
S2%c Seller '99, new — 2000, 81c. May— 2w>,
"oATS— The market is unsettled, red being
higher and Mac* lower. The demand is fair,
but receipts are li^ht.
New white. ?1 3'i<fj 1 40. and new red, Jl MWB
1 17>* per ctl. Black, S7%c*9sl 06.
CORN- The market is dull, with a decline
in Eastern descriptions. Small round T yellow.
$1 30®l 36; Eastern large- Yellow. $107%®! 10,
White $1 07%@l 10; mixed. $107% i-er ctl;
: California White, $1 17%@1 22/2.
RYE-^O'r/92Sc per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT -Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California famtly extras. $3 60<Jr3 75,
usual terms; bakers" extras. J3 4003 66; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40/JT3 SO per bbl. for extra.
$3 25©3 40 for bakers' and \1 2.".@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTT'FFS— Prices in sacks are. as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye
Meal J2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmtol. $J I 50: ex
tra cream Cornmeal. S3 25: Oatmeal $4 aO^ 75:
Oat Groats. f4 76; Hominy. $3 S*W 60; Buck
wheat Flour. »4'S4 25: Cracked AN hpat. J3  ..
Farina. $4 50; Whole Whe H t Flour. » HI; Rolled
Oats 16 66®6 95; in sacks $h .■...■.; h ..■.
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. *4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs. ■
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay continue moderate) but the
market shows DO improvement whatever, being
dull and weak. Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN H6017 v<>r ton.
MIDDLINGS- $17 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley. Jin SO per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. *27®»: lobbing.
$2S 50<ft29; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Cornmeal,
24 50: Cracked Corn. $24025: Mixed teed.
116@16 50; Cottonseed Meal. (2S per ton..
HAY— Wheat. »7@B 50 for good and _$9 for
choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 60©8: Oat. ?■ ;'■"•:"'
Barley. Js<ff7; Island Barley. {s'ah; Alfalfa, $o^
7 50 per ton; Compressed Wheat, V'Vi 1".
STRAW— 2O@4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Some changes in Beans, generally toward
weaker prices, will be seen. The market Is
' ql BKANS-Bayos. $1 8001 90; Small White. |2 05
<§2 16; Large White, $1 8601 80; I'lnks. $2 25®
2 35; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 1504 25; Rut
ters, nominal; Limas. $4 10@4 20; Peas, $2!g2 25;
! Red Kidneys. J2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
1 Mu«tard 2%i<&3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
&c per lb: Alfalfa. S%<g9Hc: Rape. 3«34c;
Hemp ' 4> 4 T(4'-c: Timothy, 4%05%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25®1 50; Green. $150
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions have again advanced and are very
FtifT Potato** are steady at about previoua
prices The first car of Salinas Burbanks
'. carr.e 'in and sold at U 25 in sacks and $1 60
' per ctl in boxes.
Suppltea of all kinds of Vegetables continue
, heavy and the market la dull and featureless.
POTATOES-Garnet Chiles. jl-ijllO: Early
Rose 75c<g$l: Burbanks. 75c@$l per ctl In
sacks and ' $i@l2S in boxes; Sweet Potatoes.
3 ' ins HOl 20 per ctl for Sllverskins;
TMeirlp Onions 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES Asparagus. sOcosZ per box;
Green Pea« 202HC per 1b: String Beans, l®2c;
iCr ifeans 46 5 c: Cabbage. SOWSOc: River
Tomltoef jsaato: Eg* Plant. 60©75 c: Green
Ok?a 40ft6.V: per box: Garlic. 2-33 C; Green Pep
-1 pers "W:,o,- for Chili and 50@J5c.I*r box for
Bell; Carrots, 30«40c I«rM»ck Bay Cucurn-
P"' fr./fr?-.r- l'lokles 75C511 for No. 1 and
: fee L fir No 2; Summer Bquaah. ISOSSc;
Kow'at Sq°uash. 915020 per -ton: Green
rr.m 25 < aJI per sack for \aca\llle, *i«ii *o
crate for Alameda and So«7sc for Berkeley.
rOULTRY AND GAME. .
Another car of Eastern sold at $5 50<j?fi for
He-," $5 50 for old Roosters. IS SO for Fryers.
$3 50 for* Rrollers. no change, and is dull.
Lood .lock AOWI no change and i, dull.
„„.,„„, tn ,v, P free receipts from the East.
PoriTJtY LWe Turkeys. 25YG n oflln T r^s
i.;. nn'd Vl*lSc for Hens: Younß Turkeys.
I^A-c* gJf* per pair. $Kdl 23: GosllnßS. $1 25
r \ -'« I.itTks' »fi4 for old and J3 50®5 for
fmiM- HeiS' $4M©5 B0: youn X Roosters. $:.,,
tr f V old RooM ers. $4 25(g5: Fryers. <4; Broil
-si °: »M M 'for large' J2 BOtfß for small: ;
/.| 'eonf $1 B0« 1 75 per dozen for old and «1 7r>® |
2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGOS.
Most dealers have succeeded in Rettinsr 8n
! advance for Cheeae. though there seems to be
i plenty here. Eggs and Butter show no change
whatever.
Creamery-Fancy creamery. 20@21c: pwc
-ollDairy-Fancy.1 Dairy-Fancy. UOttc; (food to choice. 17@
i7ii.p • Htorf* l^'yflfic per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new. 9^(fflOc; old. R»i
■MC' Toung America. 10©M%c; Eastern. 13®15C.
EGGS— Quoted at MOI9C for store and 20®
23c per do/.-n for ranch; Eastern. l«H©»c for
selected, 16@17c for No. 1 and 14@loc for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, (10020 for frees .and $30 for clings;
Apricots. $30®40 per ton; Bartlett Pears, In this j
city, $35?i40 per ton for No. 1 and $15025 for
No. 2; Green and Yellow Plums. *15«2U per
ton: Colored Plums, S10<»15
Yesterday was a quiet day. There was no
especial activity in anything and quotations
ahowed no changes worthy of note. Peaches
were steady, and Pears also, with less of both
on the market. Supplies of Grapes were rather
larger, and they were easy as a rule. Melons
sold off slowly. .- ,
Lemons and Limes continue dull. brought $3
Isabella Grapes from Martinez brought $3
per crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 25©85 c per box: Crabapples, 35(g00c
per small box. „ — —.. .
mCRRIKS-Blarkberries. $2 50^4 per chest:
Strawberries $4W« per chest for small and
|2®3 50 for large" berries; Raspberries $3 50©5
per chest; Logan berries. ; Huckleberries,
6^frapes. 50066 c per box and 50(g".'.c per crate
for.Fontalnebleau. 75c@$l 25 per box and 7«c@
$1 25 per crate for Rose of Peru .oc@H 25 per
crate and box for Muscat and $125 for Seed-
Watermelons, $4«?12 50 per 100.
Watermelons, $4frl2 50 per 100.
Cantaloupes, $1 50@2 50 per crate; Nutmegs,
40c© 50 per box. 
Pears, 25(5 50c P«r- box. ' according to size;
Bartletts. 75cigjl 88 per box. ■
Nectarines. - — per box for white and 60@75c
Figs, 75c(Jf$l 50 per box fpr double layers of
black and for white.
1 Apricots. 35055 C per box. •_
; Peaches, 15<?J50c per box and la®3oc per bas
ket: Clings. 50®65c per box
Plums, 25®D0c per box; Prunes, 50@ c per
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. $2@4:
• Lemons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50®2 50
■ for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4i 4 50;
California Limes. per small box: Bananas.
1 $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1(32 50 per
dozen.
• DRIED FRUITS,. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The New York market for fruit continues in
good shape, as will be seen in the first column.
The local situation shows no change.
, DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6V4c for
40-50' s, 5c for 50-60' s, 4c for 60-70' s, 3Vi@3%c for
70-80"s, 2%@3«,ic for SO-90's. 2%@2%c for 90-100 s
and 2@2»4c for 100-110' s.,
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prune?, in
sacks, 6'ic for 40-50' s. ■ sV*c for 50-60' 4%c per
Ib for 80-70's. 3%c for 70-PO's, 3»»<S3M!C for 80
--90's and 2«i®'3c for 90-100's: Apricots, Krafllc
for Royals and 12>4c for Moorparks: Peaches.
7@7&c; Evaporated Apples. 7@7%c; Sun-dried.
4%<&5c per lb: Nectarines, 6®7c per lb.
RAISXNS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4H«?6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V»c for Seedless Muscatels and Ji /v
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2*i-??3c. '
NUTS— Walnuts, s<3Sc for hardshell. lO^llc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. ll@12c: Almon £?;
new crori. 7>£c for Laneuedoc and J^s c ior
paper-shell: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4 A
@5c for California: Cocoanuts, M °°®o- , . _
HONEY-Comb. HVic for bright and 10V|C ror
light amber; water white extracted. 'Wff7^£
light ambeT extracted, 6V4@7c; darK. oVic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 26@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
m
Chicago advices report Provisions gaining
strength, with prospects of higher prices. The
local market continues active and firm, with an
eager Inqulrj- for Hams.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S%c per lb for
i heavy, 9@9Vic for light medium, lie for light,
1214 c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13»4@14c; Califor
nia Hams. 13c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef. $14: Family Beer, $lSlils 50: ex
tra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16.50; mess,
$1S<??15 u0; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5H05%c per lb for
compound and 7c for i>ure: half barrels, pure,
7Vic: 10-lb tin?. SVJc; 5-lb tins. S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
i steers. lOQ'lOMic: medium, 9@9%c: light, 9c;
I Cowhides. 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
I 10c- dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands.
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlines. 20(ff30c each; short
Woo 33@60c each: medium. 70@90c; ions Wool.
90c@$110 each: Horse Hides salt $2^2 2p fQr
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts. &>«?«*.
TALLOW— No. I rendered, 4@4V*c per lb; No.
2. 3&3V4c; refined, ; grease, 2^V 4 c ■
WOOI^-Spring Clips-San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. lie; Foothill and North
ern free. ll(£14c; Foothill and Northern defec
tive. 9©llc Nevada. llfiMc: S?an Joaqul n Foot
' hill free 10012 c: P.in .Toaquln Foothill defec
j tive. B09c ; Humboldt and Mendocino, J«H^Bc:
Valley " Oregon. 17©18 c: Eastern Oregon I2(?14c
for choice and 9®11%c for fair to Rood.
HOPS-IS9B crop, 15@17%c per lb; 1893 crop.
12M:@13c bid and refused.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags.
26@28c.
Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8: Southfleld Wellinßtpn, $7 50: Seattle,
I $6: Bryant, J6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
I Scotch $v Cumberland. $9 In bulk and $10 50
I In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
j Cannel. $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
I Gate-. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, s=>sc; Candy Granulated. s\ic; Dry
Granulated. s^.c: Confectioners' A, s>*c; Cali
fornia A. 4viC Magnolia A. 4^c; Extra C, 4%c;
I Golden C, 4^ic; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
Vie more: boxes, J4c more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Domlnos. half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6%c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Alaska Codfish
Company issues the, following price list: Bun
'• dips 4V'; cases, sc; do. extra large-. 6c; bone
: less 6<&6<,ic; strips, 7OSc: middles, 7@9c; bricks.
r,-;:';,'. block*. 7c: tablets, 8c; pickled. in bar
; rels. »9; half do. $5.
QUICKSILVER— firmer at $43@43 50 for
local use.
NUT OIL— Is higher at 46556 c per gallon.
PIG TlN— Has again advanced to 35@37c per
lb. Tin plate. $S 75 per box.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at 64c per gallon
in cases and 59c in drums or Iron barrels.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7©Be per lb for Steers and 6%@7c for
Cows.
VKAL— 7®lOc t>er lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; Ewes. 6V£c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6*©s%C tor small. 6c for
medium and 5V4®5%C for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, sVic; dressed Hogs, 7®SVic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, August 4.
Flour, qr sks 2.960! Chicory, bbls .... 55
Wheat, ctls 70.870 Lime, bbls I>>-
Barley, ctls 6.130 Powder, car" 1
Oats, ctls I.ss<.;Eggs. dez 12.810
: Corn, ctls -■■ Hay. tons «ft
Butter, ctls 220 Straw, tons l
i-heese ctls 14.1'Supar. sks I.SWI
j Beans, sks lS:Raisins, bxs _1,02 a
1 Potatoes. ks I.l2olWlne. gals B3,»oO
: Onions, sks 3KI Hides. No ME
Middlings, sks.... lfi-1 Pelts, bdls 1M
Bran sks 1,987 Leather, rolls .... 80
Mustard, sks 4!T, Quicksilver, flsks I-
Wool, bags 2771
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 5.272 Feed, sks 1,010
Wheat ctls , 1.4S0:Wool, bales 36
Bran, sks 2,010:
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 3,0001
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alfred O. Morria to Mary W. Morris, lot on
S line of Sutter street. 137:6 E of Webster. E
27:6 by S IJ7:«; gift. -
Tillle Dlttenh'M-fer to Michael Hartman, l't
on N line of Post street. 142:6 E of Sett. E 2. r ,
by N 137:fi, qiiitclaim deed. Jld.
'Michael Hartman to Carl Beyfuss, same:
John F and Marcaretha Bruns to Angelo and
Virginia LuvWri. lot on NW corner of Pierce
and Eddy Etreeta. W H by N 76; 110.
Mary F" CaldwelJ to Ailani George, lot on E
line of York itr.rt. 93 N of Tw.r.ty-nrst, N 25
by E 100 |700
"Rebecca and George W. Carpender and Jenny
W. R,»bblns .Hays, to Hay City Building ami
Loan Association, lot on S 'i» e ,,°/ arado
«tre<-t :■";"> E of Castro, E 2:, by B 114; Jl5O.
• Jaclnta Bailly to Art).- Ballly. tot on N line
of Bills Htr.-et, 136 W of Jones, \N 2o by > 120.
$IMary1 Mary M. Rouleau to Claus Spreckels lot on
W line of Hyde street, 114:6 N of McAllister.
lane'"l^b^r?T 1 Alexander G.. Ralph D Da- I
vid U. and Josephine Moore. Margaret Alken
(Mcore).and .leanie Smith (Moore) to Risdon
Iron and Locomotive Works (a corporation),
lot on NE line of Rea.le street. 275 SE of How
ard XE 137-6 by William W. Rednall. lot on W
Clara Rlum to William W. Rednall. lot on W
line of Utah street, 162:6 S of Mariposa, S 100
b \vmi'a'm W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Wil
liam A. and Dehlia Kaas. lot on W line of
Utah street, 157:6 S of Mariposa, S 25 by W i
Gusta've Peterson to Edward Adams, lot on
E line of De Haro street, .200 S of Nevada, S
40 by E 100; also lot on E line of Vermont
street 100 S of Sierra. S ZS by E 100; $1.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Lizzie and Thomas
F Burns lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue, !
250 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120: $10. !
Same to William Berg, lot on E line of j
Forty-sixth avenue, 175 S of I street. S 25 by j
E 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Robert and Sarah Lynas to Anna M. White,
lot on S\V corner of Kus.vl! and Fulton streets.
W 4') by S 101.60. being the E 40 feet of lots
in and 11, block A. Suburban Tract, Berkeley;
v Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to William H.
Rockmann, lots 9 and 10, block 9, Allendale
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edwin B. and Sarah Hays to Andy L. Stone,
lot on NW line of Mlchlßan avenue. 76.32 NE
of Elm street. NW 120 by NE SO. being lots
281 and 252, Madison Square, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. • £,
Frederick and Anna C. Barnmann to Frank
H Hackett. lot on W line of St. Charles street,
S7-6 s of Pacific avenue. 8 37:6 by W 101:3.
being portions of loU 4 and 5. block J, Taylor
and Page Tract. Alameda; $10.
Christian and Julia Dietrich to Sarah Diet
' rich, lots 16 to 21, Potta Tract, map 3. Berkeley;
j also' property in Santa Rosa, Sonoma County;
gift. '■"'-• '■":'
Etna Fowler to Emma Sterrett. lots 6 and 7,
block C. Oak Park. Alameda: $10.
Benjamin J. and Margaret C. Smith to Wil
lam Clift. lot <>n NW line of Walsworth
avenue. 75 SW of Rayo Vista. SW 75 by NW
i 12." beinK lot 14, block F, Linda Vista Terrace,
Oakland: $10. , ■
Mary K. Commlns to City of Oakland, lot
747-T. on map showing lands to be taken for
opening Commerce street from E line of
Twelfth to East Twenty-second, quitclaim deed,
East Oakland: $150.
Emma 1... Bowne to The McCarthy Company
(a corporation), lots 5 to S in subdivision B.
Fruitvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Caroline Stenhenson to S. L. Potter, lot on
E line of Park street, 150:10 S of Central
avenue, S 50 by E 144:10. being subdivision C,
excepting the portion taken for widening cf
Park 1 street in block C, Alameda Park Home
stead. Alameda; $10.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Feronica Mil
ler re-record of 705 d. 196. lot on W line of
Willow street. 120 N of Eagle avenue. N 30 by
W 138:4. subject to a mortgage for $1100, Ala
meda; also lot on N line of Eagle avenue. 34:7
W of Willow street. W 34:7 by N 120, subject to
a mortgage for $2000, Alameda; $10.
Mary L. Palmer to Maud F. Hunt, lot on N
line of Twelfth street, 100 W of Oak. W 50
by N 300, being lots 24 and 25, block 16S, quit
claim deed, Oakland; $1.
Kate Griffins (or Griffin) to Edwin B.
Mastlck, lot on E line of Union street, 100 S
of Thirtieth. S 100 by E 133:3. being lot 5, block
H, Peralta Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
John D. Spreckeia 'owner) with Gladding,
Mcßean & Co. (a corporation), contractors,
architects Reid Bros. Tprra cotta and brick
work for a three-story and basement residence
on N'E corner of Pacific avenue and Lacuna
street, WA 193; $54,300.
Same owner with Western Expanded Metal
and Fire Prooflns Company (contractors),
architects same. Flreprooflng for same on
same; $7485 15.
Robert and Emma O. Mitchell (owners) with
A. W. Pattlanl & Co (.contractors and archi
tects). All work for a two-story frame build-
Ing (fiats) on the SW corner of Frederick street
and Tremont avenue. W 53H by S 81; $7618.
THE STOCK MARKET
Securities were fairly active on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, but variations
were narrow. Hawaiian Commercial was weak
at $97 75<g98. and Paauhua firm at $39.
Business was quiet in the afternoon at about
the morning's prices.
| Mining stocks showed no material change
one way or the other, business being quiet.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30
this morning the water was 16 feet 6 inches be
low the 1950-foot level station. The water has.
risen and fallen during the past twenty-four
hours, while the elevator was working continu
ously."
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay
dividend No. 6S of 75c on the 12th.
The Best & Belcher assessment falls delin
quent In office to-day. •
Occidental is assessed sc.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of. Nev
ada County has levied an assessment ol -c
per share, delinquent August 21.
Sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange dur
ing the first seven months of the year were
$3869.200, against $2,200,500 during the same
time last year, and of stocks 442,000 shares,
against 259.500. j the Justice mine says: West
The letter from the Justice mine eayn. West
crosscut No 1 from the station on the 3.0-foot
level was advanced 16 feet .luring the^ week,
making its total distance 2h9 'c* a™ maU
•station The face is in porphyry with a small
Streak of ore Vanning with the drift and assay
ing Sfifi l r , In cold ami $-11 Tfi in silver per Jon.
Turing the we* 850 feet of T-ratl tra<-k^have
been put down in the west erOWCUt frmtW
surface tunnel at the joint expense ol the « oij
fidence. Challenge Consolidated »n d^° n t s0 ":
dated Imperial Mining Companies. The total
length of this crosscut now in good repah- is
1800 feet from the surface tunnel They have
also resumed operations in the face of the
west crosscut, which is in 1922 feet from the
'Ttne Belcher mine, on the WMoot l^*
east drift from the station is now in tx ieet,
na'vin/ been advanced 10 feet during the .week
The face shuws porphyry. On the 1000-foot
level the east croScSt from the ma n north
ateral drift is in 212 feet. 7 feet having been
L" during the week. The face show : a mix^
ture of quartz and porphyry. On the """-foot
level the work of cloning out and retlmber-
Ine the Belcher Crown Point and Yellow
Jarkrt loin' north lateral drift is still be ng
continued There have been hoisted during
the week and stored in the orehouse at the
mine 39 mining carloads of ore. the average
top-car sample of which shows an assay value
°VIS Ma^th and Sacramento -In- of
The Mamirwh and Sacramento £»»««•<*
Utah raid dividends on the Ist. the for«ei
840 000 and the latter $5000.
The Republic mine of Washington -will pay
a dividend of 135.000 on the lath.
Thr Pacific Sheet Metal Works has declared
its usual dividend (No. 33) of 50c per share,
payable August 6. ■
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, August 3—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. : ■ Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. — 15
Is quar c0up. ..112 — (Oakland Gas.. 48 50
4s quar reg.... - - Pac Gas Imp.. TOM: 71
4s quar .128%"— U^ L S^"" 42 —
l s quar coup.-.IOSU — SF G & E.... .0% ,2
Miscellaneous— San ran 34 Vft
Cal-st Cab 55. .115 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55...110'iUl Insurance- 227*
ELAP 6s 130 — Flrem s Fund.22o 227V4
F & C.I Ry 65.. - 117 Bank Stocks-
Geary-st R ss. - 95 o-Cal ..... 66 — j
H C-& S 5V45. 107*4 — Bank of Ca1..2.0 2Sa
LA Ry 5*. :!.106%107 Cal SD A I \. - 98
LAL Co 68., &9 — Fist Natlonl.
Do gntd 65.. 99 - Lon P & A....12f1«* —
I>.. gntd 35..— 100 Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st .120% - Nev Nat 8k...152% -
Do Ist M 55. 11 — Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75.11. - Ger S & L-.1645 —
N R of Cal 65. 113 114 ,Hum S & L.lOoO 1160
NR of Cal 55.114U — Mutual Say.. 3i*4 421,
N PCR R 65.106>,i — S F Say U.. 800 520
NPC H R 5b. 106% — S& L 50.... — 82 Vi
N Cal R R 6S.IU — Security SB. — 300
DGL & H 55. 11 l — Union T Co.. — 146 a
Oak Transt 6s. 110 — ; Street Railroads—
Om CRy 65...126,4130 California .....116 —
P <fc Cl Ry 65.105 107 Geary 50 —
P &O 6s ....115 - Market-st ..... 61% 62>4
Powell-st 65...120%134 'Oak S L & H. - 50
sac El Ry ss. — — Presidio — lo
S F & N P 58.113*4 — Powder—
S F & S JV55.114%115Vi : California .... — 1.0
Bierra R Cal6s.lQS*j — E Dynamite... 85 —
B Pof A 65...112 - CHant Con Co. 72T ? .3J4 j
g p C 65(1905).112 112% Vigorlt 2% 3U
S P ,■ 65<1906>. — -1144, Sugar—
SP C 6«(1912).11S 122 Hana P C 0....10% 16 \
BPC1» eg ss. — WTVilHaw C & SC. 98 —
S p Br 6s 124 125' 2 'Hutch S P Co. n% 32
S V Wat ...116 — Kllauea B Co. — 30
S V Wai la. !!108% — Makawell SC. 4S —
SV W ls(3dm)101H - Onomea S 10. 35% 39
Stktn Gas 65. .102^4 — Paauhau S P. 39 40
Water Stocks- Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 76% 77 AI Pae A55n..116%117
Marln County. 50 - lOer Ld Wks...2So —
Spring Valley.lO2%ira*}Mer.Ex'Aßsn:r— l«0
Gaa and Electric- Oceanic S Co. S, S9«,
Capital Gas.... — — Pac A F A-.. 1% —
cSSiralOCo"- — Pac C Bor Co. — 13d
Cent L P ... - 7 ' ar Paint Co.. B<4 —
Equit G L Co. 3T4 4*4 1
MorninK Session.
Board— _, ..
50 Giant Powder Con |« *>
p ar a c^n^rcw>-^^:::::5|oo
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar n io
20 Onomea Sugar Co *>?■_»
20 Onomea Sugar Co j™ '»
100 Paauhau B P Co 2, c!
60 Pacific Gas Imp ■■ i{ "V
20 S F Gas & Electric Co fl 00
5 Spring Valley Water IM Wf,
5 Spring. Valley Water 102 00
• Street— « „
$20(h'> S P of A bonds HZ o<l
Afternoon Session.
Board— „
3*l Alaska Packers' Assn 116 »
75 Contra Costa Water JJ TO
gga^ crmm°e^-*s»^'::::|S
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar »s uu
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 3.00
20 Makaweli -■ ™ "°
50 Market-street Railway 62 00
15 Spring Valley Water 102 .a
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent bds.ll4 25
16000 S F & S J V bonds - Uo 00
$25,000 U S 4 per cent bonds (new) Hi 1^' 3
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD. -;';L* '.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas <j S 'H
50 Hana Plantation 16 no
75 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 12^
75 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 50
Afternoon Session.
Board— - . ' ...
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 117 2?
35 Contra Costa Water 77 25
100 Equitable Gas 4 12,4
20 Oakland Gas 1 47 75
40 S F Gas & Electric 70 S7' 2
30 S F Gas & Electric 70 75
20 Spring Valley Water ...• 102 25
50 Vigorlt Powder 2 S7*4
MINING STOCKS.
Following, were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best Belcher. 68|400 Potosl 50
100 Caledonia 73.400 Potosi 49
100 Con Cal & Va. 33 .200 Sierra Nevada.. 67
400 Justice :.. OS 400 Union Con 3S
100 Mexican 61 200 Utah 14
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 2SiSCIO Justice 09
450 Best & Belcher. 66 150 Mexican 61
100 Best & Belcher. -67 .'.OO Mexican 60 j
200 Bullion 09 100 Ophir 1 lj
100 Caledonia 69 100 Overman 13'
400 Con Cal & Va.. 2 251400 Potosi •. 47 i
100 Con Cal & Va.. 2 201150 Potosi 46
600 Con Imperial .. 021100 Savage 24 j
100 Gould & Curry.. 45:500 Seg Belcher 06 |
350 Gould & Curry.. 41 SOO Sierra Nevada.. 66
300 Julia 03 ] 500 Silver Hill 03
100 Justice OS I
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belcher. 68 300 Justice 09
300 Con Cal & V..2 32' i 150 Ophir 117%
50 Con Cal & Va.. 2 30 20(1 Overman 13
300 Crown Point.... 25j200 Potosi. ; 4:< :
200 Gould & Curry. 4t>!200 Savage ..-.. 2.". '
500 Justice 06i500 Union Con 3S
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 21I50O, Justice 09
100 Belcher 28 150 Mexican 61 j
160 Best & Belcher 6S 1 100 Mexican 62
ICO Best & Belcher 67j2500ph1r 1 12Vi
200 Challenge. 27 100 Potoßi 4S j
100 Con Cal & Va.. 2 400 Potosi 47
800 Con cal & V.. 2 27Vi 200 Potosi 46 1
50 Con Cal '& Va/-2 500 Savage 24
200 Crown Point -27|300 Union Con 37
100 Gould & Curry. 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, August 4—4 p. m. j
Bid. Ask.' ■ Bid.Ask
Alpha 03 05 Justice 09 10 1
Andes 20 Kentuck 03 05
Alta OS 09|Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 2S '29 Mexican 60 61
Best & Belcher 68 69 Occidental — 21
Bullion OS Ophlr ..........110 115
Caledonia — 67Overman 12 13
Chollar 25 Potosi 47 4S
Challenge 25 29|Scorpion 02 —
Confidence S9 96 Savage 23 24
Con Cal & Va.2 30 2 35 ! Seg Belcher ... 05 <>•
Con Imperial... 01 02jSIerra Nev 66 67
Crown Point... 27 .28 Sliver Hill .... 02 03
Eureka Con ... 50 — Syndicate °7 —
Con New York. — OS Standard 260 —
Exchequer — .04 St Louis — 12
Gould & Curry. 44 43 Union Con 3. 38
Hale & Norcrs 34 3fi|Utah 12 W
julia 02 Yellow Jacket. 36 38
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrograrhic Office. V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 3. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
t. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. £. N., In charge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1599.
Su.l
"" 6~
13
20
27
! Mo.
~~ r
14
21
28
Tu.
1
8
15
22
:o
We ' Th I Fr. 1
1 3 J 4
V 10 I 11 I
17 17 ! IS j
~A 17 li\
30 31 j
Sa." : Moon - <« Phase
\ 5 ! {^\ Now M
jJ_ 12/ August 6.
I
12
; -jkFrst Quarter.
[ j a Ijf August 14.
Is" C?) FuU Moo '^~
>i' August .O.
, !/«• Last Quarter,
'^Si August 27.
Moon's Phaser
/^t New Mi ■
12/ AUgUSt 6.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Bttrvt
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance ti
Francisco Bay. Published by official
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abo-.
twenty five minutes later than at Fort :
the height of tide Is the same at both places
FRIDAY. AUGUST 4.
Sun rises r.««
Sun sets. '.'.'.'.'". 7-13
Moon rises '.'.'. '.'.3: p. m
. O Time Time Time [Time;
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft
.* L W H_W LW • !h W|
4 ... 4:21-0.5 11:191 4.8 -3:59 2.9[ 10:05|"T?
5... 4:54—0.4 II :50| 5.1 4:41 2.6 10:49 67
•6... 5:23-0.3 12:18! 5.2 5:22 2 4 11:26 s !i
7... 5:51 0.0 12:45 5.2 6:01 2.1 !
H W I. W H W L ' v.'
8 ... 0:06 5.3 8:20 0.2 1:10 5.3 f:42 ! 1 9
« ... 0:46 5.0 6:51 0.6 1:361 5.3| 7:24' 1 ';
10 ...[ 1:381 4.7 7:23 1.0 2:03| 5.3 3:10 1 4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the Udf»
the eaily morning tides are given in the !*'•
hand column and the succeissiv* tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tfd*
and the last or right hand column gives tru
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
Lnlted States Cast Survey charts, except
wh ; n ,» m ' nu « "'en (-) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1c the mean of the lower low waters
STEAMEHB TO ARRIVE.
From.
Aloha 'Point Arena....'. 'Aug 4
Baracouta lAcapulco ' Aug 4
Corona San Diego .' .lAug 4
Point Arena.... 'Point Arena ' Aug 4
Willamette 'Seattle An 4
Empire Coos Bay 'Aug 4
National City.. Grays Harbor ..Aug 4
Hongkong Maru china and Japan lAug 5
Thyra China and Japan [Aug. 5
Pomona Humboldt 'Aug 5
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Bound Aug! 5
Bonlta [Newport [Aug. 9
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Aug. *
Samoa 'Humboldt 'Aug. B
Wellington Departure Bay 'Aug. 8
San Jose 'Panama Aug. 7
Crescent City... [Crescent City Aug! 7
Columbia Portland 'Aug. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 8
Fulton Portland (Aug. 8
Weeott 'Humboldt Aug. 8
Washtenaw ....ITacoma [Aug. 9
North Fork Humboldt (Aug 10
Areata ICoos Bay lAug. in
Coos Bay I Newport 'Aug. 10
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound! Aug. 10
State California Portland | Aug. 13
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
1
Coos Bay... Newport Aug. 4, 9 amlPier 11
City PueblalVlc * Pgt Sd.lAug. 4, 10 amlP'er 9
Weeott 'Humboldt. ... Aug 4. 2 pm Pier 13
Coo/lle Rvr Grays Harbor Aug. 4.12 m Pier 28
City PekingiChina&JapanlAug. 5. 1 pmIPMSS
Areata Coos Bay Aug. .', 10 amlPier 13
Chs Nelson Puget Sound.. [Aug. 5. 'Pier 2
Corona San Diego Aug. 6, 11 am' Pier 11
State of Call Portland Aug. 6. 10 amlPier 24
Aloha Point Arena. .l Aug. 6, 3 pm'Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. . I Aug. 7, 2 pm Pier 2
Curacao ...'Mexico 'Auk. 7, 10 am' Pier 11
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay Aug. 7. in am' Pier 13
Pomona ...[Humboldt 'Aug. 7, 2 pm Pier 9
Bonlta .:... 'Newport 'Aug. 8, 9 am! Pier 11
San Bias.. .'Panama Aug 8,13 m PMSS
Gaelic China* Japan Aug. 9, 1 pmIPMSS
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt SdJAug. 9, in Pier 9
Moana Sydney Aug. 9. in Pier 7
Santa Rosa San Diego [Aug. 10, 11 ami Pier 11
Columbia ..[Portland | Aug. 11. 1" am Pier 24
SHIPPING I\TELLIGE>TK.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 3.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 3 days 15 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Charles Nelson. Anderson, 134 days
from St Michael, via Dutch Harbor 8 days 1 *
ho>ir«.
Stmr State of California, Parsons. "2 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 30 hours 20 mm.
Stmr Luella, Miller, SO hours from Hobson
vllle, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, IS hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Strr.r Coos Bay, Hall, 75 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde. Matsen, 25 days fm
Hilo.
Brig J D Spreckels, Christiansen, 17 days
from Mahukona.
Schr Lily. Bottger. 7 days from Umpqua.
Schr Golden Gate, "Madsen, 40 hours from
Mendocino.
Schr Defiance, Blom, 7 days from Whatcom.
CLEARED.
Thursday. August 3.
Stmr City of Puehla. Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Pc-kins & Co.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 3.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Luella. Miller. San Pedro.
Br shtp Talus, Stenhouse, Queenstown.
Bark Northern Light, Challston, Roche Har
bor.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, Caspar.
. Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
Ing.
Schr Repeat, Olsen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Yacht La Paloma. Macphail, Honolulu.
Stmr Cleone. Higgins. . .
Stmr Newburg. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 3. 10 p m— Weat*«r
thick; wind SW; velocity S miles.
CHARTERS.
The Uncle John loads redwood at Eureka for
Honolulu; John C Potter, lumber at Tacoma
for Sydney. 43s 9d; Karoo, lumber at Port
Blakeley for Europe, 57s 6d.
■ The Queen Margaret was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe. 31s 3d.
The Marsruerite Dollfus Is rechartered for
wheat to J3uro»e. 31s 3d.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Charles Nelson. July 23. lat 56 53 N.
lon 167 15 W — Schr Sailor Boy, from 6t Michael,
for Port Townsend. ;
Aug 1. lat 37 15 N, lon 74 55 W— Ship Henry
B Hyde, from Hilo. for New York.
July 30, no lat. lon 14 W— bark Eagle
craig, from Portland, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 2.
Sailed Aug 3— Stmr Weeott, for San Fran
'oLYMPIA— Arrived Aug Schr Reporter,
from Redondo.
| PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 3— Schr Maria
E Smith, for San. Pedro. £-'- ; iv
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 3— Schr
Annie Larsen. from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA Arrived Aug 3— Schr
Serena Thayer. from Tacoma.
Sailed Aug Stmr Grace Dollar, for .
SEATTLE— Aug 3— Ship Spartan, hnc
'sailed Aug 3— Stmr Humboldt. for Dyea.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 3— Schr Defender,
for Port Ludlow. .
VENTURA— Arrived Aug Stmr Navarro,
' "fORT^BRAGG— Sailed Aug Stmr Noyo, for
Fnncisco.
5 ASTORIA Arrived Avar 3— Stmr Columbia,
I ho'iii-e \ue I; stmr Signal, from Seattle.
1 USAL— Aug 3— Stmr Newsboy, for San '
: F o\nYs' HARBOR— Arrived Aug 2-Schrs
I Guide and Ida McKay, hence July 19. Aug 3—
i Schr Ruby A Cousins, bence July 14.
siil'-'l AUi 3— Schr Alcalde, for San Pedro;
; ■ehr Jennie Thelin. for San Francisco.
' PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr
Mlneola. for Nanalmo.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Aug 3 — Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco. . -
EASTERN PORTS. • *
XKYV YORK— Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Allianca,
! for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. !
SWANSEA— SaiIed Aug 2— Fr ship Marechal
' Turenno, *or San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 31— Br stmr l^u
nox. from Portland.
Sailed Aug I— Br stmr Belgian King, for San
Francisco. Aus 2— Haw stmr Aztec, for San
Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 2— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru. hence July 8. .
Sailed Aug — Br stmr Carmanthenshire, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. "-'", .."C
--■ NEW YORK— Sailed August 3— Stmr Koeni
gen Louise, for Bremen.
LONDON— Arrived Aue 3— Stmr iMarquette.
from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Trave, from
New York..
HAMBI"RO--Sailed Aug 3— Stmr Phoenicia,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York. ,
• LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr Italia, for
Philadelphia.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr "Furnessia,
for New York. • ■•. - • • ■• ■ • • '
BOSTON— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Catavia, from
Hamburg.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Am
stprdam, from New York.
Sailed Aur 3— Stmr Rotterdam, for New York,
via Boulogne.SAN FRANCISCO
FORTIFICATIONS
NOW PERFECTED
Government Acts on
Call's Suggestion.
A FORT FOR LAKE MERCED
CONDEMNATION SUIT TO BE BE
GUN AT ONCE.
Heavy Guns Will Command the Only
Vulnerable Point of the City
and We Will Be Fully
Protected.
The Government has acted upon a i
suggestion made in The Call on Sun- ;
day. May 1, IS9B— the day that Admiral
Dewey annihilated the Spansh fleet in
Manila Bay. It has condemned prop
erty on the ocean beach which The Call
stated was the one weak point in the
city's defense, and will shortly strongly
fortify and garrison it, thus protecting :
Fan Francisco from any hostile ships
of war that may gather and threaten it. '
In the article printed in The Call on
the date mentioned occurred the follow- |
ing:
"A couple of fast cruisers heavily
armed would bring up one morning just
outside the Golden Gate, opposite the i
ocean beach. A formal demand would j
FORT FOR LAKE MERCED.
be made upon the Mayor of the city i
for indemnity — penalty for non-com- |
pliance, bombardment and destruction
of the town.
"What of our splendid fortifications,
cur heavy guns dispersed about the en- j
trance to the Golden Gate? What about
the submarine mine fields about which ;
we have h^ari so much? They are ail
thore and ready to protect the harbor !
against any hostile v< BseL San Fran
cisco Bay is practically Impregnable.
But, unfortunately, though the harbor
well protected, the city is abso
lutely defenseless. Between Point IjG
bos and Lake Merced there is a space
of ocean commanded by no heavy gun. j
There is nothing to prevent an enemy
anchoring there and bombarding the
city at its leisure; the rani?e of modern
weapons is equal to the task."
Attention was then directed in the
article to how easily such a danger as j
mentioned could be avoided, in these |
terms:
"A few heavy gun batteries, planted
among the sandhills between Point Lo
bos and Lake Merced, would completely '
t the city. Their cost would be
but thousands, while the r.ipt of a bom- i
bardment to San Francisco would run:
into millions. Tt is the one weak point j
in our system of defense, and It should j
V,p spo n to."
Uniti States District Attorney Coombs
receiver] by mall yesterday a communica
tion from the Department of Justice at i
Washington Instructing him to bring suit ;
in the Vnit'-'i States Circuit Court to con
demn 45.28 acres in the L.aguna de la
Merced tract near Ingleside for the pur- '
poses of military fortifications nr.d a gar
rison. The property belongs to the Spring
Valley Water Company a.nrl was offered i
to the Government by that corporation j
for $1000 per acre, hut the price was ,
deemed excessive and a board of military
men was appointed to report upon thp
site and its value. Major C. E. G. B. j
Davis made the report some months ago i
and it was indorsed by Brigadier General
John Wilson of tr.< Division of Engineers.
Secretary leer signed the report on July
24. Major Davis placed a value of from J
$600 to 1700 per acre upon the property.
After the condemnation of the property
the overnment will lose no time in for- ■
tifylng the place and building the neces
sary nouses for the garrison. The north |
boundary of the tract Is a little more than |
half a mile south of the old Ocean Sido j
House. It is a bluff jutting out into th" i
Pacific Ocean and 100 feet above the level I
of the water, commanding a fine view of !
the entrance to the harbor. The fortiflca- i
tions will prevent any hostile war vessels j
from approaching the land near enough
to throw sheila Into any part of the city.
Mortar batteries and 15-lnch rllles will |
constitute the armament, and when the
fort shall have been finished San Fran
cisco will be as Impregnable as Gibraltar. |
HOPE FOR MRS. BOTKIN.
The Decision in the Hoff Case Leaves
the Way Open to Her.
The police are considerably exercised
over the decision of the Supreme Court
Jr. granting a new trial to Albert Hoff,
the murderer of Mrs. Mary Clute. and
Captain Seymour said yesterday that the
decision entirely reversed the same court
in the Durrant case.
In the Hoff ca.se Judge Cook, in charg
ing the jury on the motive point,, used
exactly the same language as Judge Mur
phy in his charge to the jury In the Dur
rar.t case, a comparison of the records
bearing him out in that statement. For
the past ten year 3 Judge Murphy had
used the identical words In every charge
made by him to a jury when the question
of motive was involved, and the Hoff
case decision was a surprise to him as
well as to the police.
It Is now considered probable that un
less a rehearing is demanded and the de
cision of the Supreme Court reversed
Mrs. Botkin will apply for a nev.' trial,
basing her application on the decision in
the Hoff case.
LABOR'S PROTEST.
San Francisco Council Takes Action
on Mare Island Wages.
The following resolutions were adopted
by the executive COtntHlttM of the San
Francisco Labor Council at its meeting
last Wednesday:
Wherea*. the Board on "Waires at Mars
Island Navy Yard, under lnatruetlons to
readjust the wages of mechanics employed
by th« Government, has ordered a reduc
tion, which brings euch vugeu far below
THE MERCHANTS,
THE MAYOR AND
THE TAX LEVY
Politics and Figures
Submitted.
BOTH INSIDE THE DOLLAR
SCHOOLS SUFFER FOR THE FIRE
DEPARTMENT.
Supervisors Called Upon to Adjust
Fignres and Reorganize Some
Badly Jumbled Political
Ideas.
The Finance Committee of the Board \
: of Supervisors held last night what was ■
1 perhaps the most important meeting In
its existence. In an effort to honor a
pledge that the tax levy for this fiscal
year should be one dollar on every
$100 on an assessed valuation of $330,
--000,000 the committee had made a com
: plete series of estimated appropria
; tions for every municipal office. The
1 announcement of these estimates was
met by an outcry of protest from a ma
| jority of city and county officers. Fi
-1 nanclal disaster, deficiencies and muni
'■ cipa.l discredit wore predicted. Ap
: peals were made on all Bides for a re
j vision of the appropriations, and in
I justice to the departments concerned
; the Finance Committee determined to
take counsel with the Mayor and the
Merchants' Association.
Mayor Phelan, who is pledged to a
dollar limit of taxation on the indi
cated total assessed valuation, promised
to submit a series of appropriations for
municipal offices which would honor
the pledge. The Merchants' Associa
tion agreed to do the same, and last
night the Finance Committee met to
consider the various suggestions. For
nearly four hours the estimates of the
Finance Committee, the Mayor, the
Merchants' Association and the Audit
or were discussed.
Dr. Perrault, chairman of the Finance
Committee, presided and acted as in
terrogator. The figures of the Auditor
were left practically out of considera
tion, as they were made upon a basis
of a tax levy of $1 15. The other figures
which were submitted were on a basis
of a dollar limit, excluding the proposed
appropriation for St. Mary's Park and
several small deficiencies. The appro
priations for the different departments,
as suggested, were considered in de
tail.
At the outset it was seen that the
estimates of the Mayor and of the Mi r
chants' Association were singularly
similar and in significant details dlffer
! ent from those of the Finance Commit-
I tee of the Board of Supervisors. It
i was quite plain that Mayor Phelan had
been advised of what the Merchants'
Association intended to do and had
acted accordingly, reserving the privi
lege of changing the estimates of the
; Merchants' Association to .^uit political
conditions. Where the Merchants' As
sociation hn<l made reductions in de
partments which possess political In
fluence the Mayor, politically wise, was
generous. He Judiciously increased the
appropriations for departments that
represent votes, as the Department of
Public Schools for example.
As the discussion of the different esti
mates progressed another significant
fact was discovered. The Mayor and
the Merchants' Association, determined
to submit a levy based absolutely on a
dollar limit, found it expedient to re
i duce the salaries of municipal em-
I ployes.
This reduction whp found nerppsary
in several departments and the Mayor,
in answer to a query of Dr. Perrault,
declared that city employes would be
well paid after they had Buffered the
i reductions which he suggested. Dr.
Perrault replied that while the Finance
j Committee welcomed the suggestions
i of th« Mayor, an effort would be made
to honor the dollar limit pledge with
. OUt reducing salaries.
The third and last distinguishing
feature of the estimates submitt> 1 by
• Mayor Phelan was revealed when the
appropriation for the Assessor was
discussed. It was then found that the
Mayor, for reasons which probably
suggested themselves to him as ade
quate, had discriminated in favor of
Democratic officers and against Re
publican officials. He had increased
the appropriation of the Assessor and
reduced that of the Tax Collector. He
attacked the clerical force of the Li
fPnFe Collector, Justice Clerk and
Supervisors. He pleaded statutory
limitations whon he urged reductions
and fell bark upon the necessities of
municipal government when he 'advo
cated Increased.
After all the various estimates had
been discussed Dr. Perrault declared
that the Finance Committee would en
DIVISIONS OF THE FUND.
£ »
3 3
5 a
is
o
it
*s o
5"
3
■=■■<
-> o
w
3
Assess. extra clerks
Assessment roll computations
County Clerk
District Attorney's Clerks
Fire Alarm Telegraph » I
Fire Department :
Relief disabled firemen
Fish and Game Warden
Gas Inspector ••••■
Health Department..
Almshouse
City and County Hospital
City and County Hospital, repairs
Smallpox Hospital *
Health Board Expenses
Health Board salaries
City Physician
Examination insane
Justices' Clerks
Law Librarian and expenses
Law and Motion Calendar
License Collector and extra clerks
Maintenance feeble-minded 1
Municipal reports r
Police Courts
Police contingent expenses
Police station rents
Police patrol
Printing transcripts
Folio clerks. Recorder's office
Sheriff
County Jail subsistence
Employes Supervisors
Janitors, City Hall
Public buildings' lights
Tax Collector's extra clerks
Water fund
Street fund
Park fund — I
School fund
12.00.; 11,500 10,000
71.700 68,700 71,706
24,000' 14,700 22,500
18,100 47,340 46,000
! 539,300 595,000 563,500
1,000
750
1,800 900 900
75,000 90.000 65,000
85,000 .'<■'.. 000
i 1,305 5.000
4,0001 4.400 4,000
5,000] 1,500 5.000
21.000 40,380 36,660
3,000 3,000
5.000! 5.000 4.000
9,540 8,400 8,400
3,820 4,800 3.240
2,4001 250
7,800 7.800 6.000
20.000! 15.0001 15,000
7.000 7,000 6.000
33,800 ' 45,050 33.800
8,600 6.000 6.000
8,000 8,001 7.250
86,0001 28.000 28,000
2,000 2,000 1,000
20.000 22.440 20.000
73.940 65.0001 69.200
40,0001 32,740 32.740
. 12,540 8.100
28,5601 14,2801 15,000
40,000' 40,000! 30,000
33.000 tt.OuO 30,000
250,000 235,0001 235.001)
I 868,800 427.8*8 j 430,368
I 220.000 200.0001 214,000
I 1.200.000J 1,104,6201 188, 880
45,:
11,'
68,'
14,'
47,
the standard paid by private firm* for
similar work: and
■Whereas, This reduction by the Govern
ment is especially unjust at the present
time, when wages paid by private firms
are nn the increase; therefore be it
Ilesolved. By the executive committee of
the San Francisco I^abor Council, that we
emphatically protest against this uncalled
for reduction and that we urge upon Sec
retary of the Navy Long to not concur
In the report of the Board on "Wageß, but
to order a further and fuller investigation,
when facts will prove our contention:
farther
Resolved. That a copy of these resolu
tion* be sent to Secretary of the Navy
Long, also given to the pre»s.- • -•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4. 1899.
-1 deavor to equalize all the suggestions
I and would be glad to meet again with
' representatives of the Merchants' As
! BOciation.
President Dohrmann of the Mer
' chants' Association opened the meet
i Ing with the statement that the levy
I which he submitted was not considered
iby its framers a perfect instrument.
! Also he unshouldered all responsibility
I for the success or non-success of the
! dollar limit. The formulation of the
i \esy, he said, was merely an incident
I In the movement for better things the
I Merchants' Association had started.
I He emphasized the statement that the
j association would not be responsible
j for the non-success of the levy he sub
i mined if it should be adopted by the
Board of Supervisors and made the
permanent schedule.
To this rather startling opening
; statement Supervisor Perrault, chair
man of the Finance Committee, did not
reply. He merely requested Clerk
Russell to proceeed with the reading of
the merchants' schedule. Then it de
veloped that Mayor Phelan had taken
advantage of an idle afternoon to make
a little schedule of his own. He had
j been provided with a copy of the sched
ule of the merchants, and with that
! and those of the Auditor and Finance
i Committee before him he had prepared
[ a levy for submission, for which he
resigned all responsibility, which was
quite within the limit and which made
as unique a political parallel as ever
went into print.
In many things his schedule agreed
to the letter with that of the mer
chants, particularly in the pronounced
inclination that was evident to scale
the salaries attached to the unintlu
ential positions in tho gift of the city:
the janitors, the firemen, the engineers,
and electricians and the men who
guard the prisoners at the branch
county jails. His schedule also elim
inated the Park Emergency Hospital.
Over the janitors there was some
rather heated debate. Chairman Per-
rault asked Mr. Kelley of the associa
tion if it were a fact that he wished
to reduce the salaries of the janitors
and at the same time double their work
by reducing their number from 32 to
20. Mr. Kelley replied that it was, and
that if the Supervisors advertised for
men they could fill the positions at
that price. He said the same thing
with regard to the guards at Brancn
County Jail No. 2, whose salaries the
Merchants and the Mayor's levies re
duced from $55 to $50 per month with
subsistence.
The fact that the County Clerk had
been awarded a thousand and more less
, than the amount awarded him by the
temporary levy, Supervisor Perrault
j said, it would be impossible to operate
( the office at that figure. President
Dohrmann retorted that the County
Clerk had been allowed the amount al
: lowed by the charter.
Mr. Phelan's schedule reduced the
District Attorney's appropriation mate
! rially. When asked how he accom
plished it he said he had done away
with the position of chief clerk, who,
; he said, was a mere supernumerary in
that department. His schedule also
dropped three men from the License
'< Collector's department, and when asked
pointedly by Perrault if the chief clerk,
■ whose appointment he had, was among
those he contemplated dropping he was
at some trouble to explain.
His figures also did not allow for two
clerks of the seven now engaged by the
Board of Supervisors as assistants to
| Clerk Russell. Mr. Phelan said in cx
i planation he did not think the man
who wrote the minutes and the bond ex
pert were absolute necessities and he
had neglected to provide for them. He
! referred it to Clerk Russell and after
that official had made his reply Mr.
; Phelan took it back and was willing
that they be provided for.
When asked how it was that he and
! the merchants had cut down the Tax ■
j Collector, the Park, the County Clerk !
and a few other of the Republican of- |
i fices to the advantage of the Fire De
partment, Assessor Dodge and others j
of their political faith, he could not ex- i
. plain, except to say that Assessor ■
Dodge had done magnificent work and I
was entitled to a bonus. Of the fact
i that the two schedules agreed in hold
ing clown the County Clerk and other
equally essential departments to the :
strict figure of the statutes while they
allowed the Fire Department and fire
alarm and police telegraph to soar
profitably above the law, he had noth
ing to say, save that they were of ab
solute necessity to the protection of
the city and should not be crippled.
"Why should the County Clerk and
: the Tax Collector be crippled?" asked
Chairman Perrault.
The Merchants' schedule provides for
a tax of one dollar on $:i499.349; the
Mayor's a tax of one dollar on $3,754,
--723, not counting the St. Mary's Park
fund and judgments agairst the city
inside the pledge. The St. Mary's Park
appropriation, he claimed, should not
be considered Inside the pledge and
should not count in the levy. The orig
inal levy'of the Finance Committee con
templated a tax of one dollar on $3,500,
--! 000, or ninety-two cents on $3,800,000.
Following is a summary of the Mer
| chants* levy and following that a table
of comparisons that will illustrate how
! the scaling was done in the schedules
:of the Finance Committee,, the Mer
chants' and the Mayor:
Total
Entire Year.
: School Department 11,104.620
r«,]ir» r>fj'srtmpnt ,73.396
Fire Department f.50.000
Fire Alarm TrlPKraph 37.540
! Street Department 443. 61S
Health Department 2»X»:«0
Legislative and Executive Depts 506.M0
Judicial Department 2M.200
Parkfl and public grounds 200,000
Public buildings and Institutions Mi?' oo^
L/ibrartes and readlnß rooms fiI.SOO
Gas and electric llKhtinn 314.568
Water and water supply 235,000
I Miscellaneous • 346,400
1 $4,037,927
Elmers' Mysterious Disappearance.
The friends in Bakersfield of Anthony
Eimers have urged the police to renewed
efforts to ascertain what has become of
him, and Detective Anthony has been de
tailed on the case. Eimers lived with
Mrs. Harter at 331 Eddy street, and on
the morning of July 29 last year he left
the house, tilling- her that he would re
turn in a few hours. That was the last
seen of him. He had been drinking heav
ily and had squandered about $1400 in two
months. It was reported later that he
had committed suicide in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, but that was not confirmed.
HENRY MILLER
GIVES "HAMLET"
NEW INTEREST
About the last man who knew every
j thing was Dante. Since his time all men, '
even actors, have been obligee. In a meas
ure to specialize. Still it is a question !
whether an actor's genius can in this way ,
I be compelled to yield what it contains. ■
! Mr. Miller we have always looked upon j
j as the perfect stage lover, equally com- i
' pelllng, no matter what the century, no :
! matter how the course of love might run,
' and as it has ever been the care of the j
' critic that the interests of the true tra- i
gedian shall be safeguarded from the en- I
| croachmenta of the versatile star, Mr. j
i Miller's Hamlet has from the first been |
| marked for disapproval. More than a few i
!of us have said aloud: "1 cannot see
! Henry Miller in 'Hamlet.' It Is not possi
ble. With the memory of Booth still
fresh, too; what temerity." Reverent and ;
! gratefully as we shall ever speak the
name of Booth, we must remember that;
j there were many Hamlets before him and
' there will probably be muny to follow
i him. And even Booth's Hamlet grew so
' that what began by being impetuous,
! forceful and full of striking but artificial
methods became in later years melan
choly intellectual, philosophical, ideal. If :
we want new pictures we must have wall
space and a kindly light. Room was made
! for the frescos of Raphael by sweeping
away those of Peruglni and a few others.
! Therefore let us give Mr. Miller's Hamlet
room and light and judge it on its own
merits. Let every fluwer blossom on its
own stalk.
Mr Miller's is a very uneven bloom. j
Some scenes are excellent, some passages
So beautiful that their expression yea
o ■,w Interest to the character. Ihe
players' scene and the scene with his !
> mother are handled with so much
strength that whatever flaw* there may
be are unnoticed. The graceful, dlgnlued.
natural interpretation o£ the interview
with his mother, the struggle between
anger and tenderness, are almost a com
mentary of the character as Mr. Miller
™es it His attitude at the exit of the
ghost convinces us that amazemont and
sorrow overwhelm a solitary man lhe
little action with the sword hilt, forming
a cross at the words "For my part i n go
pray." the sudden tenderness of tha one
when he says to Ophelia, "1 did, I did lov ■
you once," an<l again when at the Brave
but a breath articulates "The fair Ophe- i
lia," his reading of the line, "He was a
i man, take him for all in all. I shail not
look upon his like again"-these and many
other things that for lack of space can
not be mentioned make US realize that
Mr Miller's dramatic Hamlet reaches a
i i.rettv close touch to nature. The real
Hamlet, the subjective Hamlet, .ceiim
the Bollloquies falls far short of being
Ideal He hurries over the lines as though
he would be through with them and de
stroys the Idea of introspection by cuper-
Efepeclally is this haste seen in the solil
oou'v on suicide. There is no horror at the
■ realization of "what .lreams may come."
! The tongue gives utterances to words and
j the hrnin rushes on to other ideas and
I there are no rellective pauses. The atti
! tude of the audience throughout the play
i perfectly reflected the unevenness of i*ir.
Miller's ' Hamlet —now cold and unemotion
: al, now anxious to applaud to the echo.
■ In many pronop there is too sudden a re
covery from emotions; too little depth of
feeling— and Hamlet was feeling, not ac
tion. A difficult task, indeed, when the :
j good and bad are bo plentifully mixed to
•'report me and my cause aright to the
unsatisfied." We bow to its strength and
| regret its weakness.
The role of Ophelia has r.ever been con-
I sldered the ultimate goal of any actress
and has more often than not been given
to those who have been found wanting
and who quickly fell into obscurity. Mips
i Anglin is an Ophelia so charming as to be
i almost perfect. She reads the lines as the y
have never been read before and of the j
simp! >8t passages makes an opportunity.
: If one ever doubted her artistic sense
: and her great ability Ophelia last night
i dispelled the doubt. The simple beauty
of her costumes, made by a local firm.
added not a little to the charm of the
part.
We have been bo used to poor ghosts
! that Mr. Walcot may be pronounced good.
I Mr. Standing was a pleasant surprise as
: Laertes and Mr. Brown a disappointment
! as Horatio. Never have we seen a better
j Polonius than Mr. Allen. His reading of
: the letter to the King and Queen is a
! work of dramatic art to be much ap
-1 plauded. Another pleasant disappoint
ment was Mrs. Boucicault as the Queen.
Her work, especially with Hamlet, from
j whom she seemed to take the key, was
' most artistic. Another good piece of work
I was Mr. Lamb's first gravedigger. He
had the sympathy and attention of the
audience throughout the scene. Miss
Dal< spoke her few lines with good ef
fect and Mr. Stevens made an acceptable '
King. The first player was so poor that |
we all agreed with Hamlet when he said j
of his speech, "It is too long-." We. too. i
thought he would never "come to He-
I cuba."
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
LEFT HIS WEALTH
WITH A BARTENDER
WHOFFHEIZ, a returned Klondiker, is a victim of misplaced confi
dence to the extent of SS6S in greenbacks and a draft for $150(3 m
the Bank of Victoria, B. C. He had been mining for over a year
in Alaska and returned with his two partners on the St. Paul,
■ which arrived last Saturday.
He had never been In this city, and after he and his partners had taken
rooms at Twelfth and Howard streets they started out to take in the sights.
About midnight Hoffheiz left Ilia two friends on Market street, near Fifth,
and after walking a block or two filtered a saloon. He was talking about
the money he had in his possession, and a man standing at the bar suggested
to him that he would be doing a wise thing to hand over the money and
draft to the care of the bartender, as it might get stolen from him. Hoff
heiz had the money and draft in a buckskin sack, which was tied round his
v.-alst. and he handed it over to Che bartender. His name was printed on the
pack. ' The money consisted of five $100 greenbacks, six $T>n greenbacks, throe
120 and a $.">. He had a few dollars left, and when he staggered out of the
saloon he hired a hack and drove around till the hackman put him out be
cause his money was exhausted.
This was early Sunday morning, rtnd after wandering around for some
hours he met a policeman and told him about hte troubles. The policeman
advised him to go to police headquarters and directed him how to get there.
He succeeded and told his story to Detective George Graham, who made an
arrangement with him to be at the City Hall that evening. Hoffheiz did not
show up, and it was not till yesterday morning: that one of his partners hap
pened to'come across him. He had been wandering around the city searching
for the saloon where he had left his money. His bed had been a. chair in
gome saloon, and he had not partaken of a square meal. He had forgotten
where he and his partners had taken rooms, and did not like to go to police
headquarters again, but his friends took him there yesterday. Payment of
the check on the Bank of Victoria has been stopped, and every effort will be
made to find the saloon where he left his money. Detective Graham has
been working on the case, but without success. Hoffheiz remembers that
there were two bartenders in the saloon, but he wps so full of liquor that he
remembers nothing more. He will give a liberal reward for the return of the
money. The police are anxious to know the name of the hackman, as he
might be able to throw tome light on the subject.
RED MEN PROPOSE
ADDITIONAL CHIEFS
AN ORGANIZER FOR THE STATE
ASKED FOR.
At the session of the Great Council of
the Improved Order of Red Men yester
day several propositions were presented
and discussed, but action thereon will not
be taken until to-day. Among these were
the creation of a new officer to be known
as the exemplifler of the ritualistic work
so that the -work may be done uniformly
in every tribe; another was the appoint
ment of a State organizer, who shall de
vote his whole time to the extension of
the order, and another the increasing of
the advisory board by the addition of
five great past sachems.
Charters were granted to Carquinez
Tribe No. 08. Mohawk No. 99 and to
Monadnock No. 100, also to Wanona
Council No. 23 of the Degree of Poca
hontas. Mlnnehaha Council No. 1 was
reinstated and a charter issued to it.
The awarding of the prize of $100 to
AUahomas Tribe for the best rendition
of the warrior'B degree was officially
made and on that occasion Great Junior
Sagamoro Harrison of the Great Council
of the United Btatta took occasion to ex
press his admiration of thp t.am and to
pay a compliment to Frederick V. North
rop the captain of the team, for ihe
time and labor he expended in bringing
his team up to the degree of perfection
that he dla. He also said some kind
words for the warriors and braves, who
though they had no speaking parts did
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MARY AND JOHN TO LIVE
APART, BUT NO DIVORCE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 3.
Mary and John Gooby will forever here
! after walk through life separately and
i apart, but a decree of divorce based upon
1 any cruelty, desertion or failure to pro
vide that has marred their past thirty
i years of matrimonial vicissitudes will not
1 be granted.
What wa.« supposed to be the last and
; final chapter in the history, of Mary and
i John's tribulations— that have each had
I their day in courts— has been occupying
, the attention of Judge Greene the past
i three days, the case being Mary Gooby
vs. John Gooby. wherein the first named
asked for a divorce and possession of
I property located at Seventh and Linden
, streets." An important pleading in the
! suit was the husband's cross-complaint,
1 wherein he likewise prayed urgently that
his promise made at the altar many years
ago be declared null and void. For multi
plicity of grounds alleged, for Intricacies
' of rank perjury and truth and for general
legal comedy the case rivals any that has
! ever been tried In the history of the Su
perior Court.
The wife, who boasts at least fifty
pounds avoirdupois over her husband, re
i cited on the witness-stnnJ the many acts
1 of cruelty alleged, and how John had
wasted his fortune in gambling on tne
stock market. She wa» corroborated by
her eldest daughter, who testified that on
one occasion she had to drag her father
1 by his ancient whiskers to prevent him
from beating the life out of her corpulent
mother. Another daughter. Mrs. Maude
Boyle, testified on the other hand that the
! parents hiul always quarreled and that
! on one occasion Mrs. Gooby had threat
; ened to shoot the father. Sho said that
she had usually collected the rents from
' her father's houses, but that the mother
' got every cent for the father's board.
To all such testimony Judge Greene for
the past three days lent an attentive ear.
i and at 6 o'clock this evening his Honor
summed up accounts and decided that
neither Mary nor John shoiild take any
thing by their causes of action.
CONTESTANT IN THE
WICKES ESTATE WINS
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— The contest be
tween Annette P. Clarke of San Fran
cisco and Dr. J. M. Shannon over the es
tate of the late Olive J. Wickes was de
cided in favor of the former by Judge
Hiil to-day. The matter came up to
day for the hearing of Dr. Shannon's
petition for the probate of an alleged
will in which he was named as executor
and under the terms of which Mrs.
Wickes' property in Fresno County and
$5000 <>n deposit in the Hibernta Bank
was bequeathed to the doctor, who alleged
that at the time of her death Mrs. Wickes
was a resident of Alameda County. Peti
tioner was represented by Attorneys Z.
N. Goldsky, R. X. Griffin and Messrs.
Dunne <t McPlke.
Contestant Annette P. Clarke appeared
by her attorneys, George D. Squires and
otto turn Suden, as executrix of the last
will of Alfred M. Wickes, heir at law
of Olive Jane Wickes, and she contended
that the latter was a resident of San
Francisco County, hut that just prior to
her death had been in Oakland under
treatment by Dr. Shannon. Judge Hall
decided in favor of contestant by refus
ing to grant Dr. Shannon's petition and
ruling that his court has no purisdictlon
to admit Mrs Wickes 1 will to probate.
FEMALE CONFIDENCE
OPERATOR IS WANTED
OAKLAND, Auk. 3.— The police are I
looking for a female confidence operator
whose last name was Viola Clinton, but '
who has several other names. She has i
been working "n the sympathies of sev
eral people and always ended each ac
auaintance with robbery. A few days ago
she told a pitiful tale to Mrs. C. L. Frank
of 827 Webster street and whs employed j
as a nursegirl. After three days she dis- I
appeared and with her went Jewelry val- i
ued at $100. The young woman is no more
than 21 years old, but she has successfully
worked several families. She has a rec
ord in Kan Francisco, San Leandro and
Berkeley.
Mrs. Prescott Her Champion.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Mrs. Nettie Speara
of sanger. Fresno County, who is being
Bued for divorce by Morgan C. Spears,
who in Ills complaint pictures the defend
ant wife as an AmaZ'>n going gunning for
him. has found a champion in Mrs. Lydla
Prescott, who asserts that the husband
has grossly neglected his family. It ap
pears that Mrs. Spears wrote to the So< v
ety for th»- Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren, of whi^h Mrs. Prrscntt is secretary,
some six weeks ago, asking for relief. I
much to make the exemplification as per
fect as It was, and they were commended
for having devoted so much time to learn
ing what they had to do.
THE POCAHONTAS. .
Members of the Great Council
Increase the Per Capita Tax.
The greater part of the session of the
Great Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas yesterday was taken up In the dls
cussion of a new constitution and of by
laws which are to govern the order in
the future.
The per capita tax was increased from
7H cents to lo cents.
A proposition that the Great Council
ask for a charter so that it may legislate
for itself was lost, but a motion to re
consider was given.
It was announced that the judges had
decided that the host exemplification of
the work by thf> teams fr<>m Alfarata.
Pocahontas and Yosemite Councils on last
Wednesday night had been done by the
team from Yoaemlte, and that it was
awarded the prize of $50. The officers of
the team were: Mina Rew. Pocahontas;
Mrs. J. Tait, "Wenonah: A. L. Holder,
Powhattan; Annie E. P.ishop, prophetess:
Kitty La Fon and Jessie Bell, scouts;
Ella Ellis and Alice Cook, runners; Amy
Young and Emma La Due, councilors;
■\V W. Cogging. Frank Blma. John Bell
and "William Burge. warriors; Adeline
Gleincaster, guard of the tepee.
RED MEN DANCE.
The entertainment and ball that were
given last night in Odd Fellows' Hall by
.the- Great Council of California, I. O. R.
MRS. KELLY FIRES
FACTS AT ENEMIES
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Mr?. Helen Kelly has been made the
victim of much whispering since it be
came known that she was to leave the
secretaryship of the Associated Charities
on September 1.
It has been stated that Mrs. Kelly was |
very discriminating in her administration: :
that certain churches and influences were j
favored by h* r more than others. At va
rious times Mrs. Kelly has been charged
with being too inquisitive, and with U
tempting to override the wishes of some i
of the district visitors. Rumor* have also j
gone around that the secretary lacks j
business ability and that it is largely due
to her Incapacity that the Associated ;
Charities is now a finaneinl wreck «itn
little prospects of being salved.
Those and similar insinuations have
been fieely circulated and have come to
the knowledge of Mrs. Kelly. To-day |
she made public positive denial of all such
insinuations and produced facts in justi
fication of her statement that the failure j
of the Charities is in no way due to her
mismanagement.
After a resume of the actual work of
the association since August 1. 1593, when
Mrs. Kelly took charge, she proceeds to
show that the laundry business in con
nection with the Charities was a failure
from the start, as was also the free bath
house. She says: '
The laundry was a losing business from the
Ftart. I had no control of it, only receiving
•he moneys Riven me from it and paying its
bills by warrant. With regard to the wood
yard I only received the moneys paid for sale*
of wood, which moneys I raid out on order
of the president.
Last fall the Charities decided that a
chain letter system would very roon
bring it out of its financial hole, but the
following paragraph from her report
shows that the thousands that were ex
pected from this source did not pour into
the coffers and the endless chain proved
to have a very definite end:
An Indebtedness of $1000 is before us. The
laundry, woodyard and baths are closed. Three
appeals have been made to the public during
the present fiscal year. The Thanksgiving
offering gave us $94 25. The chain letter hrlped
us |>Ul and the Joaquin Miller lecture gave us
859. Having the interest of the poor of the
city so much at heart as I have, would It
be likely that I would have placed the asso
ciation in such financial straits and then aye
It to have its difficulties settled by a stranger?
PROFESSOR HITTER RETURNS.
The Distinguished Scientist Satisfied
With the Results of the Har
riman Expedition. ,
BERKELEY, Anp. 3.— Professor W. E.
Rltter of the University of California, |
who was chosen as specialist in zoology
to accompany the Harrlman Alaskan ex
pedition, arrived at his home in Berkeley i
to-day. Professor Ritter expresses him- j
self as highly pleased with the results i
of the trip and praises the skill and care |
expended on the equipment of the expe- ;
dition and in the provisions made for its
cotnfoTt during its absence in the far j
north.
"The tour," he said to-day, "was full
of interest and delight as well as scientific
achievement. The days were cloudless ;
and warm, and there was light enough for
outdoor work at any time during the
twenty-four hours. The results of our
I investigations wore most gratifying, many ;
new species being discovered, and the ]
distribution of these and others were
observed.
"The botanists of the party were de- ;
lighted, as indeed we all were, at the
beauty, size and coloring of the wild j
Bowers on the islands along the coast. \
My own work concerned the marine in
vertebrates, and their variety and num
ber were astonishing, many of them being i
heretofore unknown to science. The re- |
suits of the expedition will be chronicled
by John Burroughs, the historian of the :
: party, and in bulletins to be issued by the
Washington Academy of Sciences. I shall
of course embody my own observations in
lectures before my classes and pert Taps I
! before the San Francisco Academy of
: Sciences and other scientific bodies."
Firemen Are Fined.
The Firo Commissioners at a meeting
yesterday fined W. J. Rodrigues, engin
eer of engine 30, three days' pay for ;
using impudent language to his superior i
offiVer, and Joseph Clancy, truckman of
truck 3. three days' pay fur riding on a
street car on his official badge when no i
fire was in progress^
Rnbbi Wise to Preach.
By Invitation of Rev. Dr. Voorsanger,
Ralihi Stephen P. Wise Ol X'-w York will
occupy the pulpit of the Tomple Emanu- !
El to-morrow morning. The service is to j
be at 10 o'clock. The public are invited to
attend.
[M., to the representatives to the council
' and those of the Great Council of the
Degree of Poeahontaa drew an audience
that packed the hall to its utmost capac
ity. The decorations were elaborate and
tlie name <if the order was displayed over
the stage in letters of gold.
Four hundred couples took part in the
grand march preliminary to dancing,
which was kept up till midnight.
The Democrats.
A meeting of the Thirty-third District
Democratic Club was held in the rooms of
the California Cycling Club, corner of
Twenty-second and Folsom streets, last
night. Delegates to the municipal con
vention were elected. On motion of B.
M. 'Swain the following resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the Thirty-third District i
Democratic C'luli hereby indorses the ad- !
ministrations of M*jror I'helan and As
■caaor IV'lse, and commend them as worthy
of the unlimited confidence of the people,
irrespective of politics.
Resolved, That we deprecate the inter
ference in our political affairs of bosses
and corporations, and we hereby pledge our
delegates to the municipal convention to the
cause of good government and municipal re
form.
A committee was appointed to canvass j
the entire district in the Interest of pure ,
politics and to place the issues of the day |
squarely before the people. After timely
speeches by several members the meeting
adjourned to the call of the chair.
Over a hundred Democrats attended the
meeting of the Young Men's Democratic
Club of the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict last night in Turner Hall. 323 Turk j
street. J. J. Flannagan presided. Judge
Robert Ferral, Hon. J. J. Barrett, SL
Schwartz. T. Carl Spelling and other
prominent Democrats addressed the meet
ing.
The Regular Democratic Club of the ,
Forty-first Assembly District met last j
night at Pacific avenue and .Larkin street. |
William Donlln presided and introduced i
the speakers of the evening. The Com- I
mittee of One Hundred was decried and !
the primaries exalted. Among those who j
spoke were Patrick J. Smith, F. Cavagna
ro, Samuel Pulack, H. H. J^owenthal and
Judge Carroll.
A meeting of the James D. Phelan Dem
ocratic Club of the Twenty-eighth Assem
bly District was held in Armory Hail,
corner of Second and Folsom streets, last
night. M. Rogers presided and D. T. Sul
livan acted as secretary. The delegates
nominated for the municipal convention
were pledged to renominate Hon. ,t. D.
Phelan for Mayor and Washington Dod?e
for Assessor. Speeches were maae by
Hon. S. R. O'Keefe, John Murphy and
John Coakley.
A rousing meeting of the Thirty-sixth
District Democratic Municipal .League
was held in Eureka Valley Hall, corner
of Eighteenth and Castro streets, last
night. Peter J. McCormick presided. The
speakers of the evening were Eugene N.
Deuprey, Major McKinney, William J.
Nixon. " Edward J. Coffey. John Proselt
and Judge A. \V. Thompson.
In his speech Mr. Deuprey said he
would rather go down fighting In the. in
terest of ginnl Ruvi-rnment than have a
victorious banner stained with political
corruption. Judge Thompson, a member
of the Committee of One Hundred, and
who assisted in the framing of the new
charter, indorsed the delegates selected
by the club and said he would personally
guarantee the voters of the Thirty-sixth
District that its delegates would select
municipal officers who would carry out
the principle? of the charter.
Hardened Scoundrel — How'd you
make out at robbin' the train?
Desperate Villain (in disgust) — Done
first rate till I got into the Pullman
sleeper. Then the porter neld me up.—
Harlem Life. 4
HORRIBLE DEATH OF
AN OAKLAND BABY
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Little Louisa Silva,
the three-year-old child of Manuel Silva,
residing at Thirty-third street and Four
teenth avenue, met a horrible death this
evening on Hopkins street, near the Cali
fornia College. The child was in the care
of an older sister, Annie, at the time and
they, together with a dozen other chil
dren, were enjoying a ride on the four
horse hay wagon of Henry Nlssen Mil
ler, a rancher from Diamond Canyon, who
had just unloaded • ton of hay at Manuel
Silva's barn. In some manner the two
Silva children lost their balance and fell
from the wagon. The rear wheel ran over
the baby's forehead, literally scalping her.
while Annie escaped with a bruised left
arm. Miller, the driver, called at the
City Prison late to-night and surrendered
himself. On the prison register he was
booked for manslaughter and was subse
quently released on his own recognizance.
The authorities regard him as entirely
blameless. The dead infant was removed
to the home of her parents and Coroner
Mehrmann has ordered an inquest to be
held to-morrow night.
SHE IS STILL ON HER
EX-HUSBAND'S TRAIL
OAKLAND. Aug. 3.— William S. Wat
snn has again been cited to appear be
fore Judge Greene on nexi Monday to
show cause why he should not be pun
ished for contempt in tailing to pay his
former wife, Almira F. Watson. $25
monthly alimony. Watson spent several
days in the County Jail last year i
fusing to pay alimony. Since then he has
again married. The former Wife has now
retained ex-State Senator Prank Mc-
Gowan to press her claim for alimony.
Oakland's New Glass Enterprise.
OAKLAND. Aug 3.— Articles of incor
poration were filed to-day with the
County Clerk by thi Corona Glass Com
pany which Is building a factory in We9t
Oakland for the purpose of manufactur-
Inp and working glass by various meth
oda into useful and ornamental forms.
The capital stock is stated at $4100. shares
at the par value of $1 each, and of which
$3 has been actually subscribed. The di
rectors are* William F. Duttner. Judson
M. Davis and Albert G. Oilberg of Oak
land; August Pasquet and Frank Scott
of San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
•k^ Steamers leave Broadway
lggw-^ wharf. San Francisco:
fiSHS&Enfe. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
1 mL&Py^^. AUEUft 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sep-
-6»ri*s2\i*^ tenib«r 3. change at Seattle.
■flfvJBH^SBl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
HK24^Bl C), Tort Townsend. Seattle,
f**"*§syiis3Stt Tacoma. Everett, Anacnrtea
and New Whatcom (Wash),
™ 10 a. m. August 4, 9, 14. 19.
'4 29 September 3, and every fifth day there-
afte?: chang™ at Seattle to this company^
SJSSITn °P A Ry S . -Vvin^r fo y e. fRy
" For EurVkf mumboldt Bay). 2 r m •• Augi.rt
2 - j2 T7. 22, 27. September 1, and every nttti
<la For h « r ant" er Cru . Monterey, San Simeon,
Ca\°uros Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
OnvVota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
s"n Pedrl. East San Pedro (Los Angles) and
Vewnort 9 a. m., AUgrUSt 4, 8, 1-, 16, XJ **.
2S V.Tte'mber 1. and every fourth day there-
a For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
I^s Angles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m AURUSt'2 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 28. 30. September
?" and every fourth day thereafter.
'For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
ofbo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia.
and^'Gua a ymat (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
%rKKT°Vrri n CE-4 New Montgomery
St GOODALL C "PKRKINS * CO.. Gen. AKt...
OOODA ' 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr $12 First cIBBS Including Bert*
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CAL1F0RN1Aia115..........^^...
COLUMBtA"saiIs....AUK. 1. 11. 21 31. Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Bu'.te.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
1 s E C. WARD, General Airent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS f. Ca.^^.^
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork....Außust 2! New Tork.... August SJ
St Louis August 9 ; St. Louis August 20
St. Paul August 16
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
I From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
1 Afiria July 26| Kensington ....Aug. 1*
Pmithwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Auk. 91
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
I VTERN ATIONA L*N Rpply to COMPA NY.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
* 30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYJTkISEiN KAFSBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
i Kobe (Hloga), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, July Y\
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
' NIPPON MART Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fop
; freight and passage apply at company's orice,
i 4"1 Market st., cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
i ' ~
Panaea&gsaß S. S. Moana sails
5K8|115« v!a Honolulu an.l
• »WM«"W Auckland for Sydney
W99 . Wednesday, August 9.
5s S\ •> at 10 p. m.
'siHltTCnlfV) The S. S. Australia
GHCdllDllll/^ calls for Honolulu
/nmpjTjOlL. Wednesday. August 23.
Vyi!!WUiC««P at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sue.,
Fncland etc.: $810 first class.
ID SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. M 4 Montflomerj
Pier Foot Pacific Freight ofece. 327 Market St
COMPAQNIB OBNIR4.LS TRANBATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -*<»,
fr a or g pfe7 ry 42. S !4 U r r t d h aS R.Ur °f^ot %
Morton it LA CHAMPAGNE. August .l 2: LA
SSr2?; E 'L A A Ue T«ilN^ N S^ M^ D L E A
rHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9. First-class to Havre
*66 ami upward. S per cent reduction on round
H P Second da« to "^vre »45 »0 per ce^^re-
! duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway 'Hudson building). New Yortt J. F.
FUO/ZI CO., Pacific Coast > -•■■». ° Mont-
i .gomery aye.. San Francisco. mm
BAY AJSD BXVEB STEASIEKS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
■Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. ra.
dVilv returnlne from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dal ly (Sa urday excepted). Reßular «teamer
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
j daily («ce £ ting R Sunday) Ay AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 305. : - : '.<:'
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:48
j m 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days "l p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.-S
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street I j<*,
■ pier No. 2. Telephone Main IDOB. _
FARE W*
S3 Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M - — Btt 625 KEABSTf NT. Established
fl»7l^^R In 1834 for the treatment of private
B ImJtm Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SSffiHSSB^L disease wearing on bu<i .van d mind
IT^BB H Skin Dtkeasea.J'hedoctorcureswben
\SB ■othetsftlL Try him. Charges low.
■CnrtiCuarsiitrrd. Ctilorwrlto.
1 »r. J. f. UIBBOIT. Bos 1987t Sac iranci««v
910
KAN fr___rOlSOO CALL.
BTTFINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery »tre«t.
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
SCO Hay- ™ untll 9:30 ° clt f \
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o clock.
Sls Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Btreet; open until 10 o clock.
C 261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. ,
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
"■"6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. _
Nort , r of Twenty-second and Ken
■-: until 3 n'cl..-.ck.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. ,-_£_ '' i
T., Masonic Temule, Post and Mont- -SST : <
eomery . -Regular assembly IHlb B- -
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. CW ,
Order of _R.-d Cross. All fraters are ▼ J
C ° rdla si y R TONNINGSEN, Em. Com. ( '
sir HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
TERBA BUI Lodge of Perfection, _^ ]
No. l-i-Stated meeting THIS (FRI- jT
DAY) EVEXINi at S o'clock. f\ -
GEO. J. HOUE, Secretary. «!s_3 :
HARMONY Charter No. 124. Order of W^
the Eastern Star, liii^ removed u> Gold- ■
en Gate Hall. -'■' Sutter st. Next y^
Btated meeting THURSDAT EVEN-
ING, Aug . 10, 1599.
EVA M. HARE. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- v C 2" >n '
(lonian Club THIS EV EN 1 at «_, &$J
k o'clock, at Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- >»___>
ltln st. ANGUS MoLEUD, Chief. ,
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Thirteenth ■
annual picnic of this society will take place
at Sh< Mound Park on SUNDAY, Aug 6. j .
Races and games for pld and young, for which •
valuable priiies ■ 111 be awarded; also a long
list of prate prizes. The committi are not
limited to the programme, as the society ha 6
reserved sufficient cash for any game that
the committees may deem proper. A union
bar.d. piper and fi.i.iler will lie In attendance.
Adults' tickets, Sue; children under 12 years ! •
free. Boats leave ferry every half hour. :
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco- ;
motive Works— annual meeting of the ]
etockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo- | .
tlve Works, for the election of trustees for th» J
ensuing year and the transaction of such
ether business a? may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com- -
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
stE.. San Francisco, on K'NDAY. the 7th
<say of August. 1S;«. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAT' SPci<»tarT.
ACCOUNTANTS. 3
B. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, andlta _ 1
adjust accounts for corporations ■<- firn-.s: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
WAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
KTjlre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) hava ■
tncved their law offices to the Parrott build- j
ins, £25-855 Market St.; tel. South 215. !
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; ! ■
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. •
3. R. PARKER. 016 Market st., room 67; advice j
free: charge low; business pushed. j
3>»"AOLE & NAGLI Attorneys-at-Law. Emma | |
Spreckels Building. '.<"' Market st.
jl S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927 .
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance. ,
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON 927 Market st.. opp. Masoi
BOARD AND ROOMS.
H^^E^T^^AIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714 .
Market St., S F. Cal.: Ame»>can and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single | •
or en suite; Ixmrd and room. $1 per day up; i
puites without board, Si per day: single rooms.
EOc; Fpecial rates by month, also to tourists.
VAN NESS, 1714— i Jest location in city: rooms !
new arid elegantly furnished; board splendid; ' ;
single double or suite of rooms: private
boarding house; only select people need apply.
BUNNY home for children, near BChool : large <
grounds; mother's care: $5 to $10 per month.
MISS WILSON. 13i West Mission, near 13th. !
AT -15 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
brard. $5 8 week up; Swedish home; parlor. ;
O'FARRELL; 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
I'OWELL. 3'<9 (Hrtel Waldorf), facing Union ,
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches. |
SUTTEK. 115* — Lovely inny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking^ :
TURK, llfi— Wanted, table boarders, weekly or
m'.nthlv: '■•-' table: no Chinese cooking.
BOARD \M> ROOKS WANTED.
BY~Japanese student In University; private I
American family; north of Market. Box 1114, j
Call office. *
BY young lady in respectable family; central
location. Box 10^5. Call Office.
____________
BOARDING FOR CIIILDK-IN.
GOOD home for 1 or - children at 11% Isis st.
MRS. A. HODITZt .
GOOD home for one or two children over two
years old: reasonable. Address box 1135. Call. !
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 a month. 210 i :
Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth Bt. ■
BOOKS Nl W AM> OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boutht and exchanged.
Holmes Bonk Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHAJJCES.
A^sl2soT SALOON on Third rt.. close to Call
building; rent $S0; established years and pay-
ing splendidly; investigate soon; a rare '.
chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St. J
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar, with living i
rooms; low rent; estab. years; flrst-class pay-
ing- very bet-t location on Hayes st. : owner ;
to leave the city. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s3so; BAKERY in lively country town, close I !
to the city; rent $20; daily sales, $20 ; all cash
etore trade; full value In sight. Call R. li. I ,
WILKE. 906 Market Ft.
$&->0; SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab-
lished many years and doing an average
business of $15 per day; card roome: cash
register; safe; fine oil paintings; located
close to Palace Hotel; rent JSU; lease. Call
R, G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice; ea-
loon with mercantile lunch; established years;
re::t low; clearing above $150 per month; lease;
close to Palace Hotel. Particulars of K. G. :
WILKE. 906 Market st. !
A— $l!00; CHOPHOUSE and coffee ealoon in'
wholesale district; established years; clearing j
above $150 per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market.
11000— WANTED— partner to act as treas- i
urer in a vaudeville show under circus can- |
vas; will guarantee profits to investor $300
per month. Call WILKIE & CO., 906 Market.
— CORNER grocery end bar, In best part
Western Addition; present owner there 5
years; must be sold at once on ■ account of
settlement of estate. LESS & CO., 765 Mrkt.
$700— LODGING use, 14 rooms; well furnished;
excellent location; Bteady roomers- Al tran-
sient trade; Investlg Lte. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living
rooms; excellent location; well-established;
receipts $15 day; muet be sold; rare bargain;
investigate. M. LESS _ CO., 765 Market St.
$150 COFFEE saloon near Wells-Fargo's new
bldg; old estab; must be sold tt>-day; sickness
cause of *ale. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
SSSO— RESTAURANT, dally receipts, $40, rent
$30. ele.'irs $150 a month. KREDO _ CO.,
' 22V4 Geary st.
A— $200; cigar stand near Market; daily receipts
$10: a bargain. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary st.
A— s2Boo; drugstore: will Invoice price asked;
|30 dally. KREDO A CO.. 22% Geary gt.
A— sl2s; BRANCH bakery and tamale parlor;
worth $300. KREDO & CO., 22 Geary st.
a <">fio. cigar stand nenr Market; dally receipts
$iol a bargain. KREDO .■<: CO.. 82% Geary st.
A— s2Boo: drug store; will invoice price asked; i
$30 daily. KREDO ft __. ___ Geary st.
j^rn - VLOON; barsain; sicknesK cause of
t!_e. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., ttt^ Market st.
Jloo— PHOTOGRAPHIC and stationery busl-
ness- furniture; prosperous town near city;
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market. |
•300_FRUIT store, doing splendid business, !
with good horse and wagon; owner compelled
to sell on account of sickness. McLAUGH-
L!N — CO.. 777^ Market st.
SALOON; fine corner; cheap rent; good i
business; l.arpaln this day. COWING & CO., j
935 Market Bt.
A ' CIGAR etore at great bargain this day.
COW ING & CO.. 935 Market St.
«6->o— CANDY, sodm and ice-cream parlors in |
good country town. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt
«iGOO— MEAT market ; established for years;
clearing $150 month. DECKER, 1020 Market.
t_ T—D— TWO free gold quartz claims; ledge 20
to 24 feet wide. BASILE. S Eddy st.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; for particular*
inoulre at 2585 Market St., n«ar Sixteenth.
J. McELLIGOTT.
SPLFNDID location for flrst-class dressmaker
■ or "milliner: fine store, with living rooms.
702 McAllister st.. near Gough.
FOR sale— Nice delicatessen and lunch room; ;
living rooms; fine location; cheap. Box 1119,
Call. ■
AN old established barber shop; 4 rooms, J
chairs, fixtures; complete; rent cheap. Ad-
dress 1106 Howard st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
CITY front saloon and lunch house, billiard
table, et*; clearing $100 monthly; call to-
Juy; $450. HEALY, 917 Market at.
$650 — CORNER erocery and bar; Western Ad-
dition; living rooms; full value in stock, etc.
HEALY, 91i Market st.
SI2S— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc. ; rooms. HEALY, 917 Market at.
LADY owns valuable mines: wants honest ;
workingman with some cash to help work
mines. Address M., 626% I st., Sacramento,
Cal.
OYSTER stand to let. 236 Third St.
HALF or full interest in prosperous black-
j pmlth and wagon shop; two fires and turning
; lathe ;■■ water power; center of town; retires
on account of age. Apply. J. G. BISBEE,
Auburn, , Cal. |
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire 14V4 Mont-
imery aye., terminus of Presidio street cars.
FOR SALE— Lark saloon, 12 -Seventh st, Odd
Fellows', building; make offer.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 ; Sacramento st.
PROMINENT corner on Market st. ; a cigar
and tobacco business. J. M.. box 1130. Call.
$350— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms; 20 ,
. mil^s from city; regular boarders and tran- !
• Plent trade; good reason for selling. Address
box PO2, Call office^ '.
PARTNER wanted— W»ll known navigator <
wants a party with s..rne capital to invest In
vessel property paying large profits; investi-
gate Addi box 1123. Call office. i
PARTNER in established nursery business in
unento; experience more essential than
capital. Address box 160. Bacramento. Cal.
CIGAR and stationary store; low rent; long
lease. 256 Third Bt.
PARTIES to furnish money to develop gold
mine; fortune for both. Box 1101. Call office.
: FOR Bale — Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont. city; own-.-s wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two ;
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther information inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont stß. |
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and ;
pork-packing business for sale in on* of tne |
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
1600— PARTNER wanted, good house, 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019, Call.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy sell and exchange real estate and busi :
ness chances; loans and collections made. Sio
Market st.
HALF interest in an established paying ho-
tel; price $1500. IOC7- Market, nr. 6th. r. 2.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
in city. Box 1479. Call office.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box .1. Call.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250; splendid lo-
cal I ty^cash_b______________________£ a^ l 2;
CARRIAGES AND WAGOWS.
! HEAVY express, laundry and peddling wag-
ons. surrey, horses. Mission.
! ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
,t. . cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 olsom st.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
i J McQUHI California Carpet Cleaning Co..
; '453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South —8; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
j. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
I U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate: f-arpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
I CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLHAMN'G COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SETMOUR, (
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR VAL,
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium hap arrived in San Francisco and
located at 1130 Market st. The recognized
leader of clairvoyance and occult science.
Do you wish to know facts you phould ,
know? If you will Bucceed In your under- I
takings? If you will win your lawsuit? If
your lomestic troubles will soon end? If you
will obtain your ambition? If you are loved :
If you will succeed in your love affairs? If |
Flok will you be cured? If past troubles ,
will torment you? If you are lucky in spec-
ulations? D i you wish information you ought j
to have concerning your future? Does an- j
other Bhare the love and attention that should j
belong to you?
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriagei.
Guarantees Success In All Cases.
Call and be convinced.
PROFESSOR VAL,
No. 1130- Market at.— No. —80.
! MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; euros disease by sympathy;
never fail?; has the Beven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife; gives lucky num-
bers; advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madame will
be convinced that she is no sham; tips on
race?; prices 2f.c and ur>. Come and you j
will be surprised. 910 Howard St., near Fifth. ;
Give satisfaction to everybody. ■
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
i card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease: full life readings;
ladies, BOcj gents, $1: sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley: tells your life from
j cradle to grave. 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor, par.3-5.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
j palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
MME MOREAU the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
r'ards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
' MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic. 1-A Eddy st.
• I MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
[ advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
i MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
bnnd's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'F=ir*-eH st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful.' Room 3in t 927 Market st
! ~ " COTTAGES TO LET.
; CORNER bay-window flat. 7 rooma, bath, gaa;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1576 16th St., nr. Dolores.
FLORENCE, 9. bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jon^s Ms.— Cottage. E rooms. *10. j
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market fit., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
'' ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
■ artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1 ; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 DO; flesh colored plates, from
15- porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
1 (per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
■ A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
; than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and brldee work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. 60c; crowns. $3 60: plates, full set. $5;
' ! all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth tt. > : ; :
■ ' AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOS Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldgr.. you can
1 have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
' without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 B0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
J p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
• DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
trans and fills teeth painlessly by his.wonder-
: ful secret -method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
* rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
: DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
1 i Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and t'lltngs a
• i specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
- VAN VROOM— Palnlega extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market at.
1 i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
t 'NO. 1841 Polk st.
■ MEYER. 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
3 OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up: open evenings. 850 Market St. .
9 i:mtATIO.\AL.
- AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short-
r hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
; ; A— HOPF"S Singing, Piano School; summer
, i rates, Vt : French, Spanish dally. Merc. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 6-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
I ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, aasay, archi.; day and eve.;
•■t. ISB4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_T_, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.
CATION Al*,
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. San
Francisco-Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying etc.; electrical engineering— theory.
cractice deeign, construction. mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual instruction;
°00 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
I no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log free^ —
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, DeUarte. vocal music, piano,
violin Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mer ng corrected: 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred- day and evening cUsses. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinatlona. etc.; special
courses in all English branches languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.: evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building. ■
A LA.DV teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly:
60c' an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and .vocalists. 1209 Octavla,
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters aa teactters;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte: special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Leipsic; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 MisHion nr. bth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
! ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42t> Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
| EMPLOYMENT WASTED Feni-le.
YOUNG woman with a child desires situation
at light housework or housekeeper: city or
country. MISS P. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place; city or country. MlfeS D. CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.;.'. - .
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady, good house-
keeper, good cook, good nurse, city or coun-
try good city references; or will go as com- i
1 an'ion. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st., phone
Main 804.
FRENCH cook, American born, superior in all
kind of fine cooking— German, American and
English styles, with best of references— de-
pires situation; can be seen at J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.'B. 316 Sutter st.
REFINED woman, stranger in city, would give
assistance in general household duties In ex-
change for home In American family, city
or country. Box 10S7. Call office.
COMPETENT good cook wishes position; pri-
vate family; city or country; references. Ad-
dre— box 1313. Call.
LADY (stranger in the city) desires situation
as housekeeper; good home more of an object
than wages; city or country. 310 Mason st.r.l.
GERMAN woman, flrst-class cook, wants situa-
tion in hotel; wages $30 to $35: city refer-
ences. 79 Jeasle st., near Second.
FIRST-CLASS German cook; situation city or
country. Box 10S8. Call.
PLAIN sewing and mending for 1 week only.
11 Taylor st., room 1.
COMPETENT woman wishes pituatlon to as-
sist in general housework. Apply at 206 Eddy.
TAILORESS and dressmaker, S years' experl- ,
ence with flrst-class firms, desires appoint-
ments by the day; tailor gowns a specialty.
589 O'Farrell St., near Leavenworth.
GOOD Swiss couple without children, lately
from Europe, wish situations; man as gar-
dener wife as cook; 4 years at last place;
references. 106V4 Third
GERMAN girl wishes to do second work or
general housework; wages $15. Please call
2 Tay St., off Clay, bet. Powell and Ma.-»on._
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes situation
at light housework, mending, etc.; will sleep
home; wages $15. Box 1131. Call.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes a situation as
a cook and laundress, or will do housework,
in a private family. 10^2 Eighth j-t
WANTED— PIace as cook by respectable col-
ored woman, with references. 1120 Powell
st.. near Jackson.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en-
gagements as lady's nurse or care of In-
valid. Address 912 Howard st.
WANTED— By respectable young lady, posi-
tion as working housekeeper. Address box
1106. Call. [
; WANTED— By competent woman as working
housekeeper; Is good cook and manager of
place in country; has best references. 350 San
} Carlos aye.
LADY wishes position aa chambermaid in
country or city hotel. Box 1478, Call office.
WANTED— By hospital trained nurse, care of
invalid, or will give massage treatment. Ad-
dress M., 527»,£ Birch aye.
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladies whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E.. care of
Sherman. Clay _ Co.. cor. Kearny and Sutter.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $C
week: ccnvenlent and respectable: fr«e 'bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V£ O'Farrell et. ; tel. East 424.
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden; good driver; can milk. Address
JULIUS KIECKBUSCH. New Adelaide, 614
Howard St., cor. New Montgomery.
STEADY sober man. married, desires employ-
ment in grocery store; 1 year's experience;
best of references. F. R. LORANGER. 701
Shotwell st.
ENGINEER and machinist; young, and very
handy with all kinds at tooi.s. also electrical
machinery; Al references]. Box 1095, Call.
WANTED— Position as coachman and care of
horses; good references. Address box 1084, '
Call office.
AS bartender; experienced; with best of per-
Bonal references from Mr. Wilkins' Cliff
House. BARKEEPER. 87 Third at.
PAINTING, paperhanglng and tinting; flrst-
class quick mechanic with best city refer-
ences; city or country. Box 1136, Call. _
MAN and wife desire to take charge of laundry
i In an institution; have had several years' ex-
perience; first-class references. Box 1133, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do cooking
and housework In family. F. M., 118 Eddy dt.
! BEDMAKER. porter or other employment;
speaks French and English. Address box
1126, Call office.
• GOOD coachman and wife would like to have
places in country; wife is first-class cook.
• Call branch office, Kentucky and 22d sts.
BAKER, bread and cakes, wishes position. 605
• Taylor st. -
WAXTED— Window or house cleaning, wall
paper cleaned or other work; have eight
hours every day to spare. ANDERSEN. 902
Bush st ; telephone East 963.
' INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
; the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
' and cows: very handy and willing; refer-
■ encea; city or country. Box 1096, Call.
i . — •
: POSITION as tinner in city or country or in
cannery; flrst-class workman. Box 1093, Call.
. CIVIL engineer, competent in field or office,
I wants employment. Box 1494, Call.
• INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
i bartender or porter: references. Box 1468. Call.
; EXPERT OPTICIANS.
I -^ ..-.i-- ,r^----rL.-_r.-i_ _-. _i _ ■
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
-1 ter member American Association of Optl-
-1 clans. 107U4 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.;
glass-en fitted by mall. ■ :"-*"■'>
'' exchange:
'■ aTI^JrTIuLE OREXCHANOE.
60 houses and lots, from $500 to. $20,000
30 in Oak'ld. Alameda, Berkeley; $60 to. 50,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0... 10.000
48 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: 1200 6,000
74 stores, saloon, business places: $1W to 4,000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS
l OF PROPERTY— WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
J FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.," 687 MARKET 1?T.
810 Fell 8 r $40 i 523 Linden ave.,4rni
979 Post. 8 r 37 50 418 Fulton. 3 r . . . 9
- 1720 Page. 6 r 25 2028 Golden Gate, 3r 8
i 794 Lyon, 6 r 25 ilOo" Golden Gate, 4r 10
. 1913% Devlsadero,6r 21 I 19 Erkson Ct.,4 rll
• 1225 Hayes, 5 r 20 ! 820 Buchanan, 3 r 8
431.4 th aye., 6 r.. 16 1 2085 Ellis, 3 r 8
918 Buchanan, 5r 15 <39 Locust ave., r 750
A. A. — DALE place, 12, oft Golden Gate aye.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde sts.— Four rooms.
- FLAT hunting made • easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
t 10 Montgomery st. V ,
. FLAT of 4 roomB; bay window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma et., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FULTON, Good lower flat, 6 rooma, bath;
■ near City Hall; $16. . ■
! LEAVENWORTH, — Flat. 6 rooms, bath,
_as; modern Improvements; rent $16. 
FLATS TO LET.
MODERN 6-room flat. 125 Ash aye.. bet. Polk
and Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
LOWER bay-window flat, 4 large rooms; bath;
yard. 714 Franklin st. -
4 SUNNY rooms; yard. 17 Hampton place, off
Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
5014>.2 Twenty-sixth St., near Florida.
SUNNY flat, 8 rooms; also house 15 rooms, cor-
ner; moderate. Apply 542 Halght st.
UPPER flat. 5 nice airy rooms; rent reasona-
ble. 1176 Harrison St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
2 NICE unfurnished flats. 4 rooms each; water
free; $10 and $11. Apply 12118 Bush et.
i % NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 6 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st., $14, and 960 Golden
Gate aye., $21. _____________
FLATS TO LET Furnitihert.
2 FINE rurnlshedr^ay^window flats; 6 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond st. ; rent $20. $12.
—————-—————___—_____———— ____———
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage or lower flat, unfurnished,
4 to 6 rooms, bath and yard. bet. Market,
Post and Gough sts., for small family. Ad-
dress box 1124, Call office.
FURNITIIt- FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY, Brussel= carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mark?t.
HELP WANTED — Ascents.
SOLICITORS wanted for San Francisco and
interior cities to sell stock in a corporation;
good commission to right parties. Apply box
1107. Call office, with references.
HELP WANTED — Female.
| WANTED— Scandinavian cook, wash
and iron. $30; Protestant cook and assist
housework, $30; German cook, $30; 2 second
girls and nurse, $20; German nurse and sec-
ond girl, $20: infant's nurse. $20; French girl.
houßework. $20; 3 waitresses, private board-
ing-houses. $20; 3 waitresses, restaurants, $■>
and J6 a week; 2 cooks, small hotels, $25 and
$35; Ironer for laundry. $42 50; 40 German
Scandinavian and Irish girls for general
housework in American and German families,
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
31C Sutter st
WANTED— First-class Protestant cook, short
distance in country, $30, see lady in office;
girl for general housework, Modesto, 2 in
family, $25, Walnut Grove $20, Alameda $26,
San Rafael $20; fancy ironer, country laun-
dry, $30; three Ironers, country laundry,
$25; 2 Protestant girls as cook and second
girl, $30 and $20. short distance in country;
: nurse and chambermaid, private family, short
i distance. $25. see lady this forenoon; 4 wait-
! resses for springs and country hotels, $20
' each; 2 Scandinavian laundresses, country. |
! $3(i. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. •-■■■■
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
2 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel,
Fresno. $20. Bee party here this morning-;
waitresses for best commercial hotels in coun-
try; 2 head waitresses, city. $25 and $22 50; 4.
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids, city,
$15; woman cook for San Rafael, $30; fancy
ironers. city and country. best wages; pantry
girl. $20. •
FAMILY ORDERS
Women and girls of all nationalities for cook-
ing and geneial housework, city and country,
$15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
RESTAURANT WAITRESSES, ATTENTION
We have orders now to supply the best res-
taurants in the city and are prepared to
offer you special inducements. Call and see
us at once. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary.
iECOND girl, San Mateo, $25: 6 second girls,
city, $20 and $15; waitress and laundress, $20;
private family; German governess, l child,
$20; parlor maid and waitress, $20, country;
second work, Menlo Park, $20, see lady here;
French second srirl. $20; French nurse, $20.
MISS D. CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
COLORED girl to work in doctor's office: ex-
perience required; $20 per month. MISS D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
! NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
6 WAITRESSES, city and country. $20; cham-
ber work, wait 1 meal, $20. MISS D. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. American family, $85; cook, German
style, $30; laundress, institution. $25: seam-
stress, Institution, $20: cook, American fam-
ily, $25; cook and second Kirl, Belvedere, $25
and $20; 50 housegirls, $15, $20 and $25; 3 sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25: 2 nurseglrls, $20 each
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ,
GIRL aboul 14 years to assist In light house-
work; 2 in family. MRS. M. R. WERT-
HEIMER. 706 Polk st.. The Gladstone.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls nnd
pants: Inexperienced instructed. HEVNE-
MANN & CO., 410 i Mission St.
YOUNG German girl for Alameda; wnges $20
to $26. Apply to-day, between 11 and 12, 56S
Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework, no washing. $15;
girl to mind baby, $10. 1240 St. Charles St..
Alameda. ■,':'■
WANTED— sewers on cording and
finishing underskirts. Apply 11. FRIED-
LANDER. Fell Bt. ■
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. 2116
Butter st. '
WANTED — First-class pants finisher. 410
Kearny st., room 20. second floor.
WOMAN to do washing and general housework;
sleep home. 3'.iS7 Eighteenth St.
TALL young lady to tend in hair store. 24
Geary st.
WANTED— A competent girl for general house-
work and cooking. Call 2618 California st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats; one that can
make buttonholes. 272 Stevenson at., upstairs.
WANTED— GirI, light housework, plain cook-
Ing; nice home; wages $15. 1121 Stelner st.
j GOOD waitress for small restaurant. 673
Hayes st.
_____
I CHAMBERMAID wanted. 8 Mason st.
WANTED— Talloress understanding military
work. Room 82, Columbian bldg., 916 Market.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice of ex-
perience. 641^ Stevenson st. j
GIRLS wanted at Pacific Sheet Metal Works,
Seventh and Townsend sts.
YOUNG girl for light housework In email fam-
ily. 814 Hayes st.
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St.. bet.
Third and Fourth.
"■ "
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women'and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and- Bryant sts.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; $20; references. . 1445 McAllister st.
TAILORESS wanted on fine custom coats. 423
Natoma st.
YOUNG lndy wanted U housekeeper and care
of girl 5 years old; wages $10. 10 Steuart st.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 Green St., near Mason.
GOOD hairdresser wanted; one who ventilates
preferred; good salary. 240 Stockton st.
LADY to give lessons In Spanish. Box 1105,
Call. : ■ ■■-■■> -■-■
WANTED— GirI for general housework; Ger-
man or Danish preferred. 997 McAllister St.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework. 1844 Howard «t., near Fifteenth.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32V4 Fremont st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in cooking In
small boarding house. 330 Main Bt. _^
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V. Fremont
st.; take elevator. ' '
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
WOMEN nnd _'Hs wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
I II : I , P \V A NTE D^Mnle.
WANTED— Engineer~for mine, $65 to $75 per
month; 3 miners, $2 25 per day; swamper- and
Jackscrewer, $35 and board, fare 80c; labor-
ers about mine, $1 per day and board; post
makers, tie makers, woodchoppera, farm
hands, milkers, cooks, waiters and dishwash-
ers; dishwasher for institution, $15 a month
and board, room and washing; every position
guaranteed. W. P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Man to
groom 7 horses and milk 4 cows, country. $30;
2 boys to drive wagon, $15; waiter, country,
$25; young man to wait, etc.. $20, -fare paid;
broiler, hotel, $60; several dishwashers, etc.,
$25; Frenchman on ranch, $20; omnibus, $25.
HELP WASTED— MaIe.
MURRAY "READY PHONE MAIN 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
3289 men wanted to-day, from $95 to $lo ana
found • ■ • •
$3 50 day Hay balers .......-$3 50 day
3 deckhands, good Jobs $45 and found
19 choremen and boys for farms ■
$26 to $10 and found
39 hay and harvest hands ••••"•
.........$2, $150, $125 day and found
24 milkers, city and country Jobs •
$30 $25 and found
$3 day Drillers Hammermen $3 day
86 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26, $25 and four*
....BLACKSMITHS .... HORSESHOERS....
29 blacksmiths and helpers $2 50, $2 day, $60,
$50, $45. $40. $35, $30 and found, for shops,
mines, sawmills, ranches, camps, etc
CARPENTERS ....BUTCHERS
6 bridge carpenters for sawmills
$45 and found
3 butchers and slaughterers $30 and found
Gardeners and coachmen, private,
$25 jmd found
i 9 stablemen, city and country
I $3fi, $30, $25 and found
29 four-horse teamsters, fare $140 $52
12 teamsters, Alameda County... s3o and found
198 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, city and country. $3. $2 50, $2,
$1 75 .day, $60, $57, $45, $35, $40, $30, $26 and
found
Canwashers, coal miners $52 and found
20 boys to pick fruits
Help for manufacturing and factories com-
pany Woodchoppers Fare Paid Tie-
makers Help for street car companies.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
To SAWMILLS AND WOODS: 38 mills In
California; 197 laborers, pile lumber, wheel
sawdust, learn to run all kinds of machines,
load cars, sort lumber, etc. ; anybody will
suit (positively no«experience required), wag?s
$26 to $40 per month, with board, lodging, etc.
WE PAY YOUR FARE Come and fee
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay at.
TO THE
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Band sawyers; saw filers; crosscut sawywrs;
lumber packers; Jib sawyers; tall sawyers;
planer hands; slab pliers; lumber pliers;
tallymen, $60; woodchoppers ; stablemen;
sawdust* shovelers and wheelers; laborers to
build roads In woods, etc.; screw turners;
tail eOger hands; truck hands; shingle pack-
ers; tie makers; loggers; cooks, male; en-
gineers; firemen; machinists; millwrights;
blacksmiths; carpenters; teamsters; oxen
teamsters; tree fellers; axmen; swampers;
flume tenders; bark peelers; snipers; setters,
and every other class of help required in
sawmills and woods: wages $95, $90, $85, $75,
$70, $65, $60, $50. $45, $40, $35, $30 per month and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE RAILROADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD); DRILLERS, HEAD-
ERMEN. SPIKERS, SECTION HANDS,
MUCKERS, LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
ETC. WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
YOU FREE
BOARD AND LODGING 0NLY.... 54 50 week
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
17 cooks $50. $45, $40, $30, $25 and found
18 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
34 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found
3 boys or young men for institutions
$15 and found
2 cooks and wives Shoemakers
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FOR OREGON AND WASHINGTON
184 men for sawmills and woods, $1 75 to $2 75
day; call early. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay st.
LAUNDRYX PORTERS BAKERS
Polisher Shirt ironer Washer and
4 other laundrymen by hand
$35 and $30 and found
3 second 3 third 2 fourth hands for city
and country bakeries, $35, $30. $15, $20 and
found; also 3 boys to help and learn, $15
and found
£ porters, city and country hotels and saloons
•. $20, $15 and found
Elevator and bell boys Janitors Bed-
makers. ...Pantrymen. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
FRUIT PICKERS. $30 FRUIT PICKERS
25 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruit?,
work in packing and drying houses, etc. (no
experience required), 90 days' work, wages
paid monthly, $30 per month and found: any-
body can pick fruit. MURRAY & READY.
631 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED
Mnn as chore man, wife as cook, for a mine,
boss here
Man as dishwasher, wife as waitress
Man as waiter, wife as waitress
3 farmers and wives 2 milkers and wives
Gardener an<J wife 3 cooks and wives
All for country Jobs, v.-aces $50, $40, $35, $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
3S MINES, QUARTZ, GOLD MINES, SILVER
MINKS
IS3 laborers (no experience required), any-
body will suit— that means you, steady Jobs
year round, fare from $1 30
wages $57 per mo., board and lodgings
6 quartz miners $2 50 day i
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEERS-COACHMEN
2 engineers, fare 60c $90
3 coachmen, references $30, $25 and found
FREE FARE, CARPENTER FOR ARIZO-
NA. both ways
Laborers, board home, city Job $175 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER, country shop $40 and found
Cook, city ealoon; 3 waiters for mines, $30.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Stlckerman, $3 day; lumber crew
for Oregon, $2 to $3 day, board $4 50 week, see
boss in city; teamsters. $r<o month: scraper
teamsters, $2 day; 2 choppers, $1 75 cord:
butcher boy; 4 boys for factory; man and
wife for laundry, $45 and found; farmer and
■wife, $40; 2 shakemakers, $2 25 per M; labor-
ers for cannery; miners, $2 50 day; carriage
painter. $2 50 day: butter and cheese maker,
$45 and found: and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— waiter and wife, $'0: 2 hotel wait-
ers, country; bread and cake baker, $60 and
found; second baker. $30 and found; ranch
cook. $18; restaurant waiters. $10 week: bell
and elevator boys, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2 WAITERS. $25; pantry man. $20. country ho-
tel: 2 elevator and bell boys, city. $15. HO-
TEXi GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WANTED— A good retail salesman: familiar
with the grocery or crockery trade: a good
man can secure a permanent position; give
reference as to competency and character;
Ptnte salary expected; none without experi-
ence need apply. Box 1110, Call office.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man In commis-
sion business: will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1C32 Market St., room 4.
YOUNG man in a butcher shop to drive and
take care of horses and deliver meat: refer-
ence required. Apply at Old Wilson Market,
953 Howard st.
WANTED— Lunchman and wait at table; $23
and found. Corner Lyon and Lombard sts.,
Presidio.
WANTED— Boy about 15 years of age to work
in a store, $3 a week. Address A. 8., box
1113, Call Office.
WANTED— Two barbers; steady work. 787
Mission st.
GOOD barber for Friday and Saturday. Call at
8 o'clock. 623 Clay st.
WANTED— Prepsboy In can factory: steady
work. 4"4 Jackson Bt. '':.'r-J.
WANTED— Office boy. Address in own hand-
writing, giving references, box 1120. Call.
WANTED— Experienced crockery packer; give
reference and wages expected. Box 1109, Call.
GOOD waiter wanted; call early, SE. corner
Greenwich and Lyon sts. .;,-;
PRESSMAN on custom vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. C4l Market st. • :
BOY over 15. attending school, to carry even-
ing paper. 409 Franklin st., at 8 a. m.
TAILOR wanted at 620 Kearny St.. first floor, ',
room JLV?
MAN who understands nursery work and
florist's business. Call at 600 Haight st.
DENTIST wanted; good all-around man with
instruments. Box 1144, Call office.
FIRST waiter wanted. Park Hotel, 29 Turk
I Htret-t.
YOUNG man with $50 can have half interest
in Rood business. WEBSTER, SB9 O'Farrell.
ERRAND boy; drug store; $2 50 week. Box
1506, Call.
A WAITER wnnterl at Golden West Hotel.
WANTED— butcher; willing to drive wa-
gon. Sampson's Market, 518 11th St., Oakland.-
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker and presser. M. J.
KELLER CO., Oakland. -
BOY wanted to learn printing. Apply 310
Hayes st. __^
2 FIRST-CLASS coppersmiths. Apply at once,
513 Fourth st., Oakland.
BRIGHT young man. 12SV4 Fourth st.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at 104 Seventh st.
THREE live salesmen; good pay. 300 Post at.
WANTED— WaIter. 145 Larkin st.; call early,
ready for • work.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2; board, $4 50 per week.. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. * ...
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
Ing, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
i BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
-1 m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tcl. Jessie 1164.
HELP WANTED—
C^R^HANSEN~&"c6~ PHONE GRANT ISS
" EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
Free fare and fee for teamsters, laborers
and tunnelmen for thexoast and valley rail-
roads; 10 teamsters for the Mountain Rail-
road, 2-3 free fare.
a carpenters, months' job, $3, building
6 carpenters, 3 months' job. $3, building
grain sheds, etc., see boss here. >; ■"■'•_, - : -
Hostler, $30 and found; floorman, stable,
$45- stableman. $20. .:-_■.•-■■->:.
Tallyman, $30 ar.d found, see boss here;
40 woodsmen for Southern Oregon, see boss
here $2 to $2 75, fare paid and taken out of
wages? janitor. $40; blacksmiths. $45, $40;
he ir P o e ner for a country hotel, $40 and found
Barkeeper. $40 and found; bellboy, $lo; ele-
vator boy. $15: houseman, . $25 , T.,,»
Cooks $60 $40. $35; potwasher. hotel. $30;
waiter. country restaurant. $35 and room;
waiter $3 a week; colored waiter. $30. C. R.
HA N SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAXTED-One hundred and fifty men on grad-
\n? iorrallroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoi wVgTsW TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
MFN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after S weeks' practice; only institution teach-
tng thP tonsorlal art: call or write for free
nSstrkted TcataloAie: MOLER B^ RBER
COLLEGE. «35 Clay St.. near Kearny.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ro kin Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
800 MEN-Call to-day: get a pair of ne h w sn°o n es:
bet Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 3 p. m.
is, 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
60c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
TRY our 15c meals; besTTn city. 406 McAllls-
ter st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters k for _,J_, u ™j£'
, Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.: free shaving In students department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138^ Eighth St.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the fprry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK., Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, sue-
KIlUp Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DALr-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
H C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
i2-room house; large yard; downtown..... $400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
E4-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St. : $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER, 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms; all
rented. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
54-ROOM iVouje (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$650—14 ROOMS, all rented: $400 cash, bal. time;
fine furniture; rent $40. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st.; new buyers dally.
$300 SNAP— house; all rented: near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
32 ROOMS Vz block of Market ; $100 a month
rent; $1100, half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms: $45 rent; very central: one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 O'Farrell st. j
A— s2so: 11 ROOMS; Sixth St.; all full; rent
only $30; also new 5-room flat, $100: rent $lt>;
cost $700. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
fsoo_lg RMS., all frnshd., all rented; rent $50;
on 3d st.. nr. Mkt.; M cash. Apply 827 Mission.
21-ROOM lodging house: owner must sell; make
offer. Room 2, 1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
JULIAN aye., 192, . corner Sixteenth— Lodging-
house, 11 rooms; all occupied; $175; rent $16.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN - HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT house, 12 rooms; fine condition. Cor.
Twenty-first and Guerrero sts. ; key next door.
SPLENDID house; fine condition: 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first et. ; key next door.
HOUSE 6 rooms. 6 Willow aye., off Larkin
St., bet. Eddy and Ellis.
$45— HOUSE, 8 rooms, high ceilings; large yard
and basement. 1615 Bush st.. near Franklin.
— ~™ ■————■ ™ ■— ~~* — — — ~* ~ — ' — — — — — ~~ — ■ — ■■— !
lIOUSES WANTED— FURNISHED.
Immediately, handsome furnished
flat or house, 7 or S rooms, bath, all modern
mprovements; must positively be choice;
prefer downtown: price must be reasonable.
Address full particulars, box 1137. Call office.
~ HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM— physicians, lawyers,
attention! Hypnotism taught in all its
branches; lethargy, catalepsy and somnam-
bulism; new and own method by French
hypnotist; also private entertainments given;
tobacco and intemperance cured; best of ref.
Address box 10S6. Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Purse containing money and coupons;
on San Mateo electric cars or on Harrison St.,
bat Third and Tenth sts. A reward given.
E? H. HAMMER, 44 Silver st. -
LOST— Female fox terrier; brown spot on right
side of head; new collar. Return to 912 Pine
St.; reward.
LOST— quartz Masonic keystone charm.
Return to 503 California St., rm. 204; reward.
LOST— Brooch made from 3 gold studs. Please
return to Call Office; reward.
LOST— terrier pup 2 months old; brown
on right ear. Return to 124 East St.; reward.
LOST— -Jetween Sutro Baths and Park and
Ocean Railway, a purse, with key, money and
letters. Box 1116, Call office; reward.
LOST— Curly brown water snaniel; breast,
toes and tip of tall white. Return to Henry
Meyer, grocer. Thirteenth and Mission sts.;
telephone Blue 10S6. Reward.
LOST— Gentleman's Elgin gold watch, with
fob: owners name engraved inside back cov-
er: liberal reward. Return ITO9 Howard.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
Instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice, $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed: trav-
elers helped at once: can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 6 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no In-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hour*,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
Cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments i ed; cure at of-
fice. $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can cave time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
'true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
ro years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind symp_thy and aid: sure relleT,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc., balies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. If. DA VIES. 1228 Market St..
pills, $1; very strong, $2. .
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how Ion? standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a. physician with men's
kpowledge: cure, $5; restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
. Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to!
and 7 to 8 d. m. . c.vi "
MEDICAL.
T_tyr G W~b'DONNELL, world-renown^i
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities from whatever cause. Dr. ODonne'.l
his treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician; nev*,-
fplls to cure: consult him first, save time and
Tnnnev treatment can be used at home; con-
__?tatl6n free: call or write. 1023^ Market st.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; w. ;
known reliable, safe, sure; maternity h~-
<>Tnrp«»d COD.: don t delay until too lar >.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cai.
A-DR AND MRS. SILVA. 215^ Mason st-
Private home in confinement: ladles fnen_l
In trouble: terms reaa. : call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe f ami
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box Rl< H-
ARDS & CO., druggists. 40fi Clny. sole agents.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city : infants adopter).
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gata
aye.: private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases: diagnosis free. 116 i Market.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st. -Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;fr> up.
MRS ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement.' 156 Second st. ; tel. Green a-
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11-" M.tsti st.
MINING AND ASSAYING. .
I WISH to buy Central Eureka stock. R. I-
CHENEY, 530 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL the machinery of Pacific Iron and Nail
Co. is. being torn down and must be sold at
once; consists of one 500 horsepower Corliss
engine, one 40 horsepower engine, boilers,
pipes, heaters, pumps and other machinery
too numerous to mention. Full information
by applying on grounds, foot of Myrtle St.,
Oakland, Cal.
BARS, back bars, mlrror3, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second- :
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
PURE distilled water Ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f o b. ; $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463, Consumers'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St.. S. F.
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
iron: wood planers. 12 in. and 24 in.; hydrau-
lic pump: 2d. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
$15 BUYS buggy in good order; must sell to-
day. 1297 Folsom St.
SA-FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
FINE large modern double-door safe cheap.
14 Fifth st.
Soo' SOLDIERS' overcoats, from $150; with
capes, new. $3 50. COLEMAN. 73 Third st.
GOOD horse, harness and covered wagon for
sale cheap. Inquire at 2900 Buchanan St.
EILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good a_a
new- cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market st.
1 3-h p. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
1 complete; must sell. EPSTEIN, 648 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar price hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suit. $9 75; pants, $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 613 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wina
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson St.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna- •
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
CASH pa!d for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates,- without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6>/4 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.,
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain l'.beral advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- '
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without, removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLE Y, 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$E per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■ •:.--.• ■■-
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farreil St.; pianos, organs ana
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest", every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer. . .
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style, MAUVAIS'.. 769 Market.
BARGAINS! Bargains!— Go to Wilsons Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market St., and see another lot
good Standard uprights; very cheap for cash.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano offered to-
day, $95. Room 12, Flood building.
WANTED— square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano in tine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, .75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 1..6 Ellis.
BOHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st. ___.
W G BADGER 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet* & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. ,: KOH-
LER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in th«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
a¥hTOn"& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor st.
— 455 Valencia St.. corner Sixteenth.
$35— Mission st.. near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery aye.
$22 50— Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First St. .] ' :
$20—354 Fourth st.
$26—1119 Harrison 6t., corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20. • •
Light, heat. janitor and telephone Included.
ASHTON & GARDINER. Room 210.
STORE suitable for drug, . dry goods ■or any
other business; rent $JO. Southwest cor. Pa-
cific and Leavenworth sts.
GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth st.; 4 living rooms,
stable; 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
NICELY furnished front suites suitable for
doctor or dentist. $20 to $35. 121 Powell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nltpd States, r'o°t^nld. for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St Ger-
main 616 Geary st.. above Jones; classes:
nfrw hon— , i to S p. m. : reartin-T hv mall. tl.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— FcT^artnerr~rnan understanding
manufacturing of ladies' wear, such as skirts
waists etc., to go In partnership with man
furnishing capital; only first-clasa artists
1697? cL P i y o : ffi r ci. c - enCe rB<lulred - .--««-« box'TERSOKA^S.
AFTER this date I am r.ot responsible for
any debts contracted by my wife, TERESA
_JST. ENia JOHN B. ST. DENIS.
LEDERERS QUINTONIOA has the name of
being the only reliable hair toulc on the mar-
ket: 0;c liottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S halrdressir.g parlors still growing
in popularity: 2."0 only; see the gieat display
of switches in his' w'.n.'.ow; $1 twitches only
75c, this week only. 123 Stockton st.
JOIIX L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney tit Law. and Copyright
No. ■; .-uttt-r nt.. La-.vs v Specialty.
San Frincisco, Cal. American and Foreign
S--nd for Circular. Patents Solicited.
a.-s 'RTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. S3 75;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market st.. und«r St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
rromO Farrell to 132 Eddy st. . j
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 "posTsT". will sell you
furniture, carpets, -cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
MR. CREEI.rS ling Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
i ffice. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
s.I arate ward for contagious diseases.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester i
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms; j
J?fc to $150 per night; tl 50 to $6 per week; ,
free 'bvis and bat:sage to and from -the ferry. !
SUMMER bamboo furniture beiow cost to or- !
der. X TOSHI TANI. .Tl3 Sn'.ter st.
}l PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape, I
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Kastern Out- I
nttlng 0.. 1306 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
LIFE Insurance pollcift* bought -or cash. W. i
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial j
•>c-:.t. International Hotel.
LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at :
wholesale ficurps. X"am 20 S.-.nsome st. j
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec- j
tion: jrunrantd. Dr. Gonlln. 614 Pine. ah. Krny. |
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought, !
sold: tel Mint f>97 JACOBS. I<>23 Folsom st. |
SI'ITS to ordfr on easy ! tai.ments. L. !
I.KMOP. 1117 Market St., bet. 7ttT»and Sth.
WANTED- Old p.U for manufacng. O. Nolte. i
.TcwpW. 'J4« .I'Fr.rrf'".. het. Powell A Mason.
PHYSICIANS AXl> SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL office and residence.
1021H Market .=t.. bet. Sixth an-1 Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED to buy. house and lot in good order. '
W. C box 11*1. Call office. :
PSYCHOMETRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrist;
reads character; gives advice, from spirit side
r>f life: heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For *nle.
THE choicest lots in Richmond; graded: street
work all done: ready for buildrn) possession
given on payment of first Installment : Isx
IPV *7.=. first payment, $•"'"> every three months:
on Tenth aye., on the elevated ground: very
choice: close to 3 lines cars; only $700. In
what better way can you save money, get
your home and Day for it out of your salary?
These very same lots cost more than JlOOO
each 10 years aeo: all the assessments hav»j
been paid; nothing more to pay now.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery St.
WORTH $7f<X).
Lot 100x200. eorneY San Leandro road and
Ro?e st.. in Fitehburg: new building, contain-
ing ft.-re. saloon. 7 rooms, ill Improvements;
in perfect order: iln- 1 garden; stable and ware-
houp*»: 9 rustic outhouses; e!>tc:ini roadside re-
Bort; must t-<» sold; account sickness of owrnr.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
dro electric car passes door.
PIX modern flats: SE. cor. Scott and Sacra-
mento: ail rented. J. H. CARSE, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
A6HTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots: any size; J135 per front
toot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st.. corner San Jose aye.. with ■
Improvements, (5500. \
Second and Silver sts.: comer, with improve-/
ments. J6700.
$1560 ONLY; reduced price: cheap corner; must ;
be sold immediately.
Reduced from $1650 to $155f>; ready to build j
on; southwest corner Webster and Filbert |
sts. ; 25x100.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES... ~ •■••
Five, 6. 7, i> an.! 10 room houses, finished
with all mo-lern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce an : PrimoiM sts., from 53100 j
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NKI.- |
SON, Builder. ________
FOR sale— Lots 22 and 23. blork 6. Mission and
Thirtieth st. Home?t*a.l Extent Union;
$500 ich. Address A. C. M. PENNINGTON,
Atlanta, Ga. ■ j
•HEAP -An entire b! k and 10 lots snuth of I
Golden Gate Park. r AZ Haight st.
REAL ESTATE (OIM'KY For Snlc
LANDS of TheodoT Meetz estate in Alameda
and within Kern oil belt for sale cheao In
subdivisions to suit. MRS. MATHILDE
MEETZ. 735 Railroad aye., Alameda.
FOR SALE— Farm. 2^j acres, 6 room and
basement house, barn, chicken and out
houses, well, fruit trees, 500 grapevines, etc.,
one mile «outh of Sonoma on main road. Ad-
dress box 1100, Call.
CHEAPEST and best in AmerVa— Weekly
Call, 16 page 6. sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
RESTAtmAJfTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice ;
rr»srr narlor. I' 3£ Market st. : popular pricrs |
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDT. 628, bet. Polk and Lsrkin— Parlor (100 I
3 or 4 elegantly furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; bath; gas; run. water; no childn. .
EDDY. 917— Nicely furnished housekpg suite; I
low rent; private residence; no children.
EIGHTH, 10%. nr Market— 2 furnished bed- '
rooms; also t for housekpg.. suitable for 2.
FIFTH. 33, opp. Mint, nr. Market — New mgt.;
renovated; hskpg. rms., $6 month upward.
FOLSOM, 623 Parlor suit*, 8 rooms, complete-
ly furnished for housekpg. ; single or en suite. j
FRANK] M. and 120 Double parlors i
and rooms for ghi hskpg; every convenience.
GEARY, 1917- Four nice unfurnished rooms, i
bath, toilette, gas. yard, basement,
HOWARD, 822— Rooms complete for housekeep-
ing. $2 week; suites, $2 00 week; unfur. ch<>ap. ,
HOWARD, ILTOVi-Sunny bay-window suite;
other rooms; light housekeeping; private; no
children.
HOWARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished !
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable. '.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 6 r.), $15 up; ref.
LEWIS 18, off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
rooms'. 110; watet free; cellar.
MINNA, 435— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
nice kitchen; renovated. Call before 10 or
after 3:30.
MISSION Suite of rooms, complete for
housekeeping: furnished; all connfcctlng.
MISSION. 945— Xlce front room with folding-
bed and convenience for housekeeping.
MOSS, 38, off Howard, near Seventh— .-sunny,
furnished housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, $2 50 per wk. up; alao single; quiet.
SOUTH PARK. 184, near TWrd-2 sunny front
rooms, complete for hskpg.; nicely furnished.
ST JAMES Laguna and McAllister—
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SUTTER 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites: al»o- hskpg.; tenna reasonable.
"iTTTF/R" TI4S. cor. Polk— Sunny bay-window
' Vulte rms:_water. bath; light hskpg.; $12 up.
TWENTY-FIRST 3278, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished • housekeeping rooms, renovated,
bath, laundry. __^
VALENCIA. 191. nr. Market-2 front sunny
hskpg. suites; 110 mo. each, with hath.
VALLEJO 1301—3 snnny front rooms, com-
pletely furnished; must be seen to be appre-
clated; $15.
2 NICE sunny furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; fine location. Inquire 2> Turk st.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfarn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
ouiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
t.ngle,. suite; charges moderate; car direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Rooms
2r.c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $.3 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
\RLINGTON House, 127 Kearny «t.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single: nrst-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to |1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Girard House. 192 Furnished sin-
gle and suites; also large unfurnished room.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
Isc to uay; SCo to $4 wk; also housekeeping^
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to 18 per week.
BURNETT. 1426 Market ! (old No. 1364)— Kur-
nlshed rma.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & ofnoes.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 473— Large bright sunny room, nicely
furnished; i closets; running water. - :;^
> ROOMS TO LET Furn. anil Infnrn.
EDDY, Elegant double parlors. $20: front
parlor, $12; also sunny rooms; running water.
FINE sunny flat, 3 large, rooms; bath; latest
improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
FOLSOM. 776M:-Large furnished single room,
every convenience.
FOURTH, IISVi. ar. Mission— management;
newly furn. aSid "renovated; choice front rm«.
FOURTH, 222%, cor. Tehama— First-class sunny
front rms., 25c to $1 day; $1 25 week up.
GEARY, 400 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. s.",r>— Elegan{ front and back parlors;
piano; phone; light housekping. ; other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. "SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton—
Sunny suites, single rms. : elev. free baths.
HOWARD, S2?— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1052. bet. 6th and 7th-£uite and 1
single, complete for hskg. : also sunny single.
I JONES. 41S— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
j gents preferred.
: LARK 804— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, $4. '
MARKET. Entirely renovated: new mgt.:
fine sunny suites; single also; very reasonaM.
MASON. 310 Light sunny furnished rooms;
gentlemen only; $5 to $8 per month.
MINNA, 140 bet. New Montgomery and Bd—
I 3 neatly furnished rooms, single and double.
I MINNA 667 cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
| wlndow room. $1 per week: transient
': MISSION. 827— Two large sunny rooms, well
j furnished. $?■
NICE newly furnished sunny rooms; can be en
•suite or single: flrst-class in every respect;
| . quiet house. Box 1132. CaU office.
i O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
| offices; elevator: electric Hunts; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 426. bet. Taylor and Jones— Neat-
' ly furtitshpd Bunny room; gas, bath.
! O'FARRKLI 427-Large beautifully furn. rm. ;
sunny; water; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
O'FARRELL 745, nr. Hyde— Handsomely furn.
! alcove sunny suit.-, also sing.: hot. cold wat..
I Kr:it.\ closets: private family: reas.; central.
I O'FARRELL, 776, nr. Larkln large parlor
• suite or separate ; also single rm.; private.
i ROYAL House, 126 Elils st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladle's' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S: month. $S to $30; elevator on
i office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat. ; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
", neai Furnished and unfurnished.
| SIXTH. .38, nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
-1 gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
I SIXTH. 136— Rooms for light housekeeping;
also rooms; $1 per week.
j THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THK Oliver, 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
| THIRD, I 0»%. near Mission— The Seattle—
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $3.
$S — THREE unfurnished, large sunny rooms;
i larce yard: separate entrance; new house;
rear 261 Perry st.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED— sunr.y connecting rooms or alcove
I suite, ninning water, unfurnished; bet. Oeary
and Pine and Powell and Jones sts. Address,
stating prl.-.-. to box 1656. Call office.
spixiai. NOTICES.
I ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
; painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
! CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
j SEWING MACHINES AM> SUPPLIES.
i j: MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
j machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Ft.
■SPIRITUALISM.
' MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
! life reader; also medical clairvoyant : treats
' private, chronic or obscure diseases. 232
Stockton St.; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
i MRS L. EHRHORN, medium and healing by
: faith; circles, Monday and Thursday evening,
i Sp. m. ; Friday afternoon, 2p. m. 1905% Mis-
! sion st.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night at 8:15; sittings
i daily 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle. 2 p. m. ; sealed
letters read; circle Bp. m. ; ll>c. 14 A Geary.
C. V. MILLER'S material! Xing, trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st. i
' AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister, sittings
daily, 2. 8 p. m. ; tests by good mediums; 10c.
■ GYPSY life reader,- returned with renewed
I power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. S 7th.
j MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl. . 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. <: -■*»<•: s'ttlnga. 11. -33 Valencia st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
, ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
' IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMEKEEKEBS!
; These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to clc«e contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. $1550 for a $2500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No 8— $2350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No $3000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No! 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes ' are located on the main
' avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
$20 Market st., R. F., Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$710— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath: lot
! 52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $20 per month.
: $3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath: lot 42x
f 207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc. ; half block
; from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to 6ult purchaser* on easy terms.
I Houses to let In all parts of Alameda,
! H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year • for $1.
post.Tgp paid.
ALAMiUDA HOUMI AM) lIUAHU.
I HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; lar«»
ground: prlvte MRP PR FTTNKK. 141* <th.
| BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BI'ItKKLKI REAL ESTATE. .
| FOR sale— Almost new house: 5 rooms, bath,
pantry: hot and cold water; folding doors; ,
bay-window; high basement; windmill and
tank; large lot, 50x13.">; fruit trees, flower
garden, chicken yard, stable: fenced and
cross fenced: price $12.".0; only $100 cash, bal-
ance $12 monthly: bank loaned $1000; take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin, a*k for RU-
DOLPH Sc PERKINS.
NEW colonial house: 5 rooms;- bath; pantry;
hot and cold water: stationary tubs; folding
doors; gas; city water; brick foundation:
street work all done; lot 85x100; price $1750,
only $100 cash, balance $18 monthly; close to
station, stores, schools, churches, 2 electric
i cars: take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln
Station, ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS;
office open Sundays and evenings.
\VE offer a \"-"l corner lot on Bancroft way
for only $200; aleo 6 good lots near streiUcar
line for only $1000 for the bunch. O. O. MAY
g. CO.. 2123 Center street, Berkeley.
FRUimLE ADVERTISEMENTS
FBI'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
LARGE, level lots, $400; only $2C down; street
work done; sewers, water, tas; fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare; jjlorlous climate; build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments; no city taxes. BYN-
D.ICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale sta.
OAKLAND. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATK.
6-ROOM cottage npar City Hall; fine lot;
anyklnd of terniB. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
" way, Oakland. -
'NEW 4-room cottage: bath; basement; central;
$50 down, 415 monthly. J. A., 1129 Howard.
OAKLAND .FURNITURE FOR SALU.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin, Oakland.
. ■ ■
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks;
Wash., July 8. Sealed proposals. In tri-
plicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. August S. 1839, and then opened, for
furnishing forase and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts in thla department for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. Information
furnished here or. by quartermasters at posts.
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all prooosals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at — — ," and addressed to undersigned. J. \\.
JACOBS. C. Q. M. :
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building, San Francisco. Cal.. August* 1.
IS39— Sealed proposals for dredging in Peta-
luma Creek. California, will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon. September 5. 13?9. In-
formation furnished on application. W. H.
HEUTCR: Major Engineers.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASKA (Glasgow) Gold Mine * Ltd. in
liquidation— Notice is hereby given that all
parties having claims against above company
■ are required to lodge same on sworn affi-
davit, duly vouched, with the (ffflcial liquida-
tor, or with his solicitors. Messrs. William
Baird ft Co., S3 West Regent st., Glasgow,
on or before September 9, 1599, otherwise th^y
will he excluded from participation In the
division of assets.
T. F. McEWAN. Chartered Accountant.
Official Liquidator. 121 West Regent st.,
Glasgow. July 13. 1899.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the firm of IN-
GRAM & GRAY, 1808 Devlsadero St., was dis-
solved July 21, law, by agreement.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Robert D. Savage and Eva Farrell 60-35
Robert C. Woolner and Metta Dittmer.. ..32-2.".
Ralph Davis and Ray Ettling 24-20
Leander G. Glfford and Hazel Hun=t 37-23
James H. Hlcklin and Christine Johnston. 49-26
Charles Small and Maria Fred 34-35
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
PETERSEN— this city, to the wife of Gus
Petersen. a son.
MARRIED.
CHRISTY— WALTON— In this city, July 31.
I«<»<*. by the Rev. J. M. Buebler, Hy Christy
and Mamie Walton.
CRAWFORD— BRIER— In this city. August 3.
1899, at the , Simpson Memorial Methodist
Episcopal Church, by the Rev. John Stephens,
Jefferson D. Crawford of St. Louis, Mo., and
Klrke W. Brier of San Francisco.
DIED.
Cody, Thomas Mclnnes, Louis J.
Denehy. Cornelius May. Hazel V.
Dyce, Captain John O'Kane. James
Filgate, Catherine . Pauli. Frank C.
Qoyen, Alice Powers, Johanna C.
Harrington, Whitford Roach, Bernard
Hr.*yt>>>H. Maggie Russell, Rev. Mother
LamlH>rt. Johanah Tauhmann, Henry
Louwaert, George W. Toner, Margaret J.
Lowe, E.lmun.l R. . Ward, Bridget
McCord, Rachel
CODY— In this city, August 2, 1599, Thomas
Cody, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 59 years.
DENEHY— this city, August 2. 1899, Cor-
nelius, beloved husband of Matilda Denetiy,
father of Ellen. Bella, George and Sadie
Denehy, and brother of Daniel Denehy, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 43 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1464 Jessie street, thence to MJssion
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hia
soul, commeneinr at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Ometery.
Y. M I.— Officers and members of Golden Gate
Council No. 34. Y. M. I. Brothers: you are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Cornelius T>*>nehy. from his late
residence, 1464 Jessie street, near Fourteenth,
to-morrow (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock. Fines
for non-attendance. Fraternally yours,
JAMES P. FOLEY. President.
JOHN WELCH, Cor. Secretary.
DYCE— In this> city. August 3, 1599, Captain
John Dyce, a native of Ireland, aced 70
years.
ir7"Fri»nds and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FILGATE— In this city. August 2, 18». Cath-
erine, beloved wife of H. P. Filgate, mother
of Harry J.. Ellen, Nat and Esther Filgate.
sister of the late Rev. Father Michael Kelly,
pastor of St. Augustine's Church. Bridgeport,
Conn., the late Mrs. James McHugh and Mrs.
Tully and of Patrick Kelly, and cousin of
Mrs. Michael Flynn, a native of Drumlish,
County Longford, Ireland, aged 37 years.
IL7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi- i
dence, 329 Harriet street, thence to St. Rose a
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GOYEN— In this city. August 3. 1899, Alice, be-
loved wife of the late William Goyen, and
dearly beloved mother of Charles and S.
Molkenuhe and Miss Lillle Goyen, aged 50
years.
HARRINGTON— In this city,- August 3. 1599,
Whitford P.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
A. Harrington, father of Benjamin P. Har-
rington, Mrs. C. E. Whitinsr and Mrs. Alice
Williams •of Oakland, and stepfather of the
late William yon Poelllntz. a native of Illon,
Herkimer County, New York, aged 78 years
I months .'nd 7 days. (Nevada City, Cal.. and
Jlion, N. V.. papers please copy.)
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-.morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Poet, until Saturday noon.
HASSTEDT— In this city. August 2, 1899, Mag-
gie Hasstedt, a native of Massachusetts, aged
54 years.
LAMBERT— In this city. August 2, 1899. Jo-
hanah, relict of Jacob Lambert, and mother
of John, James, Kate and the late Willie
Lambert, a native of County Cork, Ireland, j
aged 42 years.
• lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d°nc<\ 440 Second street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass !
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LOUWAERT —In this city, August 3. 1899,
Georee W.. infant son of Peter and Louise
Louwaert, a native of San Francisco, aged
12 days.
LOWE— In this city, August 2. 1899, Edmund |
Russell Lowe, husband of the late Lucy L.
Lowe, and father of Mrs. W. W. Brownell,
Mrs. Daniel McPhee and W. E.. T. R. and
O. ■ A. Lowe, a native of Missouri, aged 81
years 1 month and IS days. (St. Louis, Mo.,
papers please copy.)
Funeral services will be held to-morrow
' (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at Woodland, Cal.
McCORD— In this city, August 2, 1899, Rachel,
beloved wife of Thomas McCord, aged 69
years.
ETFrlendg are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 314 Third
■treet. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McINNES— In this city, August 2, 1899, Louis
James, beloved husband of Emma Mclnnes,
father of John, Edward and Elizabeth Mc-
lnnes. brother of John S. Mclnnes. and son-
ln-lavr of Mrs. S. Johnston, a native of Benl-
cla, Cal., aged 08 years.
inT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 803 Guerrero street, thence to St.
James Church, where services will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
12:45 o'clock! Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
t»-ry.
MAY— this city, August 2. 1899, Hazel Viv-
ian, beloved and only child of Ernert and
Florence May, a native of San Francisco,
j aged 8 months and 30 days.
(r^Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, fmm the residence j
of the parents, llfi'i Ninth street, between j
Mission and Howard. . Interment • Cypress j
Lawn Cemetery.
O'KANE— In this city. August 2, 1«9:1. James
O'Kane, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
. Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains !
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
PAULI— In this city, August 3, 189?, Frank C,
son of Gustave Pault, father of Edward. Wil-
liam and Rudolph Pauli, and brother of Gus-
tave J. Pauli, a native of New York City,
aged 35 years 9 months and 14 days.
(r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, August 2, 1899, Jo-
hanna C dearly beloved daughter of Mau-
rice and Bridget Powers, and sister of Mary
J., Nellie A. and Theresa 'B. Powers, a native
of San Francisco, aged IS years 6 months and
6 days. .
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t.. opposit* Lincoln 4choal»
Telephone South 80.
mcAVOY «Sfc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERB. I
1236 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. . {
Telephone, South 247. I
her parents, 339 Twenty-ninth street, thence
to ft Paul's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROACH— In this city, August 3, ISM, Bernard,
infant son of Mary and Joseph Roach, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 days.
RUSSELL— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Rev Mother Mary Baptist Russell in the
Chapel of the Passion, First street, between
Bryant and Harrisor* to-morrow (Saturday),
at 9 o'clock. R. I. P.
SISTER MARY GERTRUDE— At College Notre
Dame. San Jose, August 1. 1899, Sister Mary
Gertrude, dearly beloved daughter of Cather-
ine and the late John Culligan, and sister of
Jopie. Katie and Tessie Culligan.
TAUBMANX— In this city, Henry, beloved hus-
band of Franclsca Taubmann, and father of
Helen Taubmann, aged 6S years.
tT Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the under-
taking parlors of Theodor Dierks, 657 Mission
street.
TONER —In this city, August 2, IS9S, Mar-
garet J., beloved daughter of James and
Bridget. Toner, and sister of Lillie- and Syl-
vester Toner an.i the late Isabel E. Toner, a
native of San Francisco, aged 17 years.
JCTFriends and ar<iuaintances are respect-
fully invited to atu-nd the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 407 Georgia street, Potrero,
thence to St. Theresa's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing a.t 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WARD— In this city, August 3, 1899, Bridget,
beloved wife of Patrick Ward, and dearly
beloved mother of John, Christopher and
Elizabeth Ward and Mrs. R. J. Collins, a
native of Kingscourt, County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 65 years.
ItJTriends and a.-quaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 433 Vi Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will he celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COURT NOTES.
"W. P. Gaither, as .administrator of the
estate of the late Robert Jones, has sued
the Jumper Gold Syndicate of. California.
Limited,, to recover $10,000 damages for
the death of Jones. On January 1, it is al
leged, while the deceased was being low
ered into the Jumper mine, the. "skip,"
through the negligence and incompetency
of the engineer, dropped and Jones was
killed. Hence the sun. .
Winifred Morton, the colored woman
who came Into notoriety by claiming a
portion of the estate of Capitalist Edward
Barron of San Mateo for her Illegitimate
son, obtained three warrants in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Frank Shelton, her landlord, for assault
with a deadly weapon, and "John Doe"
Grundos, on charges of battery. They had
a light over Shelton's dog. They ail live
on Gerkin alley. .
Dennis Cronin, saloon-keeper, 120 lhird|
street, swore to a complaint in Judge i
Conlan's court yesterday for the arrest of |
Jeremiah Dempsev, a longshoreman, on |
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. Dempsey nad been refused more
liquor by Cronin, and he waited til: Cro
nin came outside Wednesday night to put
on the shutters, when he {.truck him over
the head with a club, knocking him sensa
less.
Ernest Witt, a bookkeeper, was con
victed by Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of carrying a concealed weapon
and will appear for sentence this morn
ing. Wednesday he went into the saloon
of Louis Joos, 25 East street, and got Into
an argument about the war. He got the
worst of the argument and returned with
a "jag" and a Loaded revolver and chased
Louis Miller, a nurse, out of, the saloon.
Louis I'iluso. who cut Loiris Penin?ton
of the Utah battery over the left ear in
a saloon on Kearny street, near Jackson,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. The case was continued til! to
morrow, and hi^ bonds were fixed at $2000.
The third trial of William C. Smith,
charged with assault to murder upon the
person of Morgan Drew with a knife, was
begun before Judge Dunne yesterday
morning. The defense stated that neither
Charles Barth nor Mips Esther Madden,
witnesses for the defense, could be found.
It is known that Barth is in Manila, but |
as Miss Madden Is believed to be still in ]
the city a bench warrant was issued for
her.
Sophia J. Allison filed suit yesterday
against George W. Grannis, Edward
Graney and Thomas Merry, as sureties on
the bond of John Wolf, who recently dis- j
appeared with all the assets of the estate |
or the late Mrs. Sarah M. Pearson, to re
cover $3970, her share in the decedent's
estate, but which Wolf appropriated for
his own use. <
■ ♦ ■ —
Salaries of Steam Inspectors Raised. |
The department at Washinston has |
fixed the salaries of Captains Holies and
Bulger, rnlterl States L.ocal Inspectors of
Steam Vessels, at $2250 each per annum.
The rate of compensation Is based upon
the number of vessels inspected durinp
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1599. Next
to the United States Local Inspectors In
New York City, Captains Bolles and Bul
per receive the highest salaries paid In
the United States and do, next to the New
York Inspectors, the greatest amount of
work.
. ♦ .
HOTEL ARRIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Meyer, Modesto |W H Steele, w & b.
J H McCormack, Wash; Chicago
C A Yoerk &w, Sacto :Mrs E M Rlnnlger,
J Goldman, Merced Seattle
C W Kirchman. Paeto jMlss York. Cal
C F Howe. Chicago jJ E Uaniove, Pacto
J Scheamel, «Tiicago A L Adams &w, lone
Mrs C Barker, <^rass V Miss E Adams. lone
Mrs M A Fenn. QrassV'iMiss W Adams, lone I
J W Miller, Peterson M Dana. Napa
R S Brown, Petaluma H R Farley, Salinas
Dr G W Dufflcy, Sacto 1 V Kingsbury, Montery
J B Miller. Nebr Miss X Montgomery,
F Tresk'AV. < 'rockett j Vlsalla
G T Wayman, Cal |Mrs W St J Candrow,
C F Matthews, Angels ■■ Vlsalia
A W- Kerrigan, Angels W P Thomas, Uklah
G L Seeward, Stanford Mrs G S Evans. N V
W H Jordan, Oakland IE B Evans. N V
J Perrault Jr, Boise |E M Brown, N V
R Hurt &w. Fresno I Mrs E L Peacock. Cal
A Fereva, Lincoln Mrs T W Heintzelman.
P Mattht'wson, Or Sacramento
W Ruhl. Portland W W I>ouglas, Sacto
Miss A Ruhl. Portland C A Roberts. Placervll
S T Holland, Spokane !E L Ptaniford. Cal
Mrs Holland, Spokane W Cornwall, St Miehl
L Holland. Spokane Mrs M C Burton, Fa-
E Sculen, Spokane yette
W P Kenny. Pa J Harrison. Denver
Q I Daly, w & o. Butte Mrs W Wood & d. Sac
J Ross Jr. Sutter Crk ,F G Frink & w, Moscw
H F Matthews. B C G H Warford. U S N
Mrs W Peters, L Ang !W F Swahlen & w.
E Bryce. Ariz ; Indiana \
Mrs S X Bewail, Cal S Ridenour i w. Mo
Miss Sewall, Pasadena C A Carlan & w. Mo
F B Allen. Qulncy Mrs H Weiler. Pa
V L Wood & w. Tulare Mrs R M Raab. Pa
H B Rice. Los Angeles H Frank. Berkeley
Mrs 3 M Ellison. Mass J Goiger. lowa
Miss M Ellison. Mass jF C Paulln. San Joee
J L Rankin. Pueblo C A Bisbee. Minn
Mrs N Kaiser, S Diego (Mrs F P Cary. 11l
Mm M FrMer, S DlegO'.J E Barrett. Pa
Mrs J Foster. Capay ;j M Bronaugh. S C
Mrs E Foster, Capay :F Wettsteln. Wis
Miss I Foster, Capay |j Clark, Denver
G L Hassett A w. Mo I
PALACE HOTEL.
C Campara, Chicago iW F Carson, Salt Lake
Mr & Mrs Counselman. IE M Mnrland. Pa
Chicago 'J F CrHehbone. Utah
Miss Counselman. Chgo H L Langnecker, Stnfd
C CounsPlman Jr. Chgo C M Moulton. Rlversde
Mi«s Meachern, Chgo 8 E Paramore, Mo
L Meachern. Chicago IS Harris, Seattle
H F Bowles. N V [Mrs J G HiKjker. Or
G L Hassett & w. Mo ;Mrs C Yerkes & maid,
C W Strine, Pa • j Chicago
C W Campbell. Pa IMiss B Cook, Chicago
C W Rusham. Chicago H H Palmer. S Diego
F Scrantrm. N V 'E Herman. Guatemala
Mr & Mrs C C Nugent, \J Wilson, Washington
eh & maid, Chicago Miss Wilson, Wash
C H Muehlbroner. Pa J W Wilson, Wash
Mrs J Ensley, Pa G Patton. Ixis Angeles
J A Hesson, Pa E S Moulton. Riverside
H J Ford. Pa Mrs M R Tucker. Ky
C E Locke. Pa Miss L B Tucker, Ky
W C Loor. Pa i C Talman, L Ang
L W Strayer. Pa H X Gregory, L Ang
H H Mull Jr, Greenbrg Mrs W Peters, L Ang
L Clawson, (Jreenberg [8 M Rostick. N V
F W Merchant. Pa T J Field. Monterey
J H Williamson. N V ;J N Murdock. N V
M M Cuthbertson, Pa ;Mrs G Holden, N V
J A Mackaye, Pa |F H Dakin, U 8 Mines
J N Miller, N J Mrs Dakin. U S Mines
J M Craemer. Pa 1 H Reynolds, Denver
G Craemer. Pa A L Root. N V
R M f'ook. Pa [A J McEttrick. Boßton
R Naylor. Salt Lake ;L A Newkirk, N V
E O Christy. Salt Lake
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A E Knowlton, N V (Miss Yeager, Portland
S E Ballard, S Rosa Mrs C Lewis, Buffalo
C Anschutz, Baltmre |C A Gerrard. Missouri
S H Downs, Vallojo |A Joatiuin, Nebr
J J Connolly, Seattle :L C Blake. Paso RbJes
C E Dustln. Portland !J Bailey, Pa
W G Koeney, Long Ck J J Hoy & w, S Jose
N B Davis & w, Prtld Mrs Harvey, Fresno
C R Forbes, Topeka J H Huddleeton, S Brb
V Wheeler. Portland W Manning, Orono.Me
J Wood & w, Tacoma
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 3.
Bchr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
ReyC "- SAILED.
Thursday, August S.
Stmr Sunol, Lleblg. Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Dlrigo, from
Alaska; stmr L'matilla, hence July 30; bark
Gatherer, hence July 15; schr Olga, hence
July «.
FREE BEDS AND
TREATMENT FOR
URGENT CASES
Emergency Hospital
at Mount Zion.
ACTION OF THE DIRECTORS
THREE BEDS DONATED TO THE
CITY'S SUFFERERS.
Physicians Who Will Attend to the
Police Cases While the City-
Hospitals Remain
Closed.
Yesterday the board of directors of the
Mount Zion Hospital decided to open the
doors of its sanitarium to the city's suf
ferers and to set aside three beds for pub
lic use in an emergency hospital which
has been created at its institution. Since
the closing of the city hospitals the neces
sity of centrally located hospitals has
been seriously felt.
The physicians at the Mount Zion Hos
pital nave taken the action because of
the danger and inconvenience experienced
by patients during the past tew days.
They denounce the conveying of patients
who are in need of immediate treatment j
to the City and County Hospital as j
trifling- with life. The hospital conducted
by them is located on Sutter street, be
tween Scott and Devisadero, and can be
reached within a short time from the
Central police station.
Every unfortunate will be treated free
of charge at the institution. A star? of
experienced doctors and nurses will be
In attendance at all hours to wait upon
emergency cases, and the use of the beds
will be given as long as Is necessary to
the health of the sufferer. The doctor*
are under the direct supervision of Drs.
Levison and Rr.senstirn, and are among
the most proficient In the city.
A free vaccination department will also
be made a special feature. Any one may
apply for free vaccination and will re
ceive the s»ame courtesies as would be
extended at a public institution. William
Haas is president of the hospital and E.
Haas is chairman of the hospital commit
tee.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Amended Order as to Physical Exam
inations — Claims to Be Paid.
The following is the amended order is
sued from the superior headquarters of
the National Guard relative to the physi
cal examination that recruits will have to
undergo:
Each applicant for admission to the
National Guard shall pass such a
physical examination as will warrant
the surgeon or physician conducting
the examination to certify "that, in hid
opinion, the applicant is free from all
bodily defects and mental infirmity
which would in any way disqualify
him from performing all the duties
Dertaining to military service."
Applicants for original enlistment
ehall be between the ages of 18 and 4j
years, and fur Infantry and artillery
the height must not be less than five
feet four inches and weight not less
than 120 pounds and not more than I'M
pounds; and for cavalry and signal
corps the height must not be less than
five feet four inches and not more than
five feet ten inches, and weight not to
exceed 166 pounds.
No minimum weight is prescribed
for cavalry or signal corps, but chest
measures must be satisfactory.
A eh( st measurement of less than
thirty-two Inches at expiration, or an
expansion of less than two Inches
should reject.
Company, troop and corps command
ers are authorized, however. In their
discretion, to accept desirable appli
cants who are ten pounds or less over
1 weight or under weight, or who vary
not more than a fraction of an uicii
from the required height or chest
measures. If they meet all other re
quirements, and their enlistment is
recommended by the medical exam
iner.
No person under IS years of age will
be enlisted or re-enlisted; provided,
that boys between the ages of 16 and 18
who may be needed as musicians may
be enlisted as such with the approval
of the battalion, regimental or brigade
commander.
No soldier who is over the age of 45
shall re-enlist without- the written con
sent of the brigade commander, or In
the case of naval militia of the divi
sion commander, N. Q. C.
No person under 21 years of age will
be enlisted or re-enlisted without the
written consent of father, only surviv
ing parent or legally appointed
guardian. For form of consent in case
of a minor see paragraph 365, rules and
regulations, N. G. C.
Applicants for original enlistment in
naval militia shall conform to require
ments for infantry; provided, how
ever, that commanders of divisions are
authorized, in their discretion, to ac
cept desirable applicants who vary
from the standard in regard to height,
weight or chest measures if they meet
all other requirements and their en
listment is recommended by the med
ical examiner.
Where It is not practicable for appli
cants to appear before a medical officer
of the Guard, company, troop, corps
or division, commanders -are authorized
and directed to employ a civilian phy
sician to make examination, at a com
pensation of 40 cents for each man ex
amined, to be paid out of the allowance
for "armory rents and other expenses,"
as an incidental expense of the com
pany, troop, corps or division.
Claims presented against the National
Guard fund growing out of the enlistment
of volunteers for the Spanish-American
war having been, after many months, seg
regated and adjusted, will soon be paid.
These amount in the aggregate to about
$30,000.
TO AID HOMELESS BOYS.
Active Preparations for the Youths'
Directory Festival.
A meeting was held on Wednesday
night of the general committee having In
charge the festival to be given in Armory
Hall, at Tenth and Market streets, next
month in aid of the louths' Directory.
A feature of the affair will be the "hos
pital booth," which will be presided over
by graduate nurses of St. Luke's, the City
and County and Children's hospitals. The
proceeds will be devoted to establishing
a sick ward in connection with the direc
tory.
All the committees reported progress.
and Chairman James R. Kelly announced
that he had collected $700 from the vari
ous banks in this city. This sum, Mr.
Kelly says, will be largely Increased.
Some valuable prizes will be raffled off
at the festival, among them being a hand
some Coast range, a -$400 piano, a picture
of Rev. Father McKinnon. who is now in
Manila, an onyx table and a full-blooded
greyhound donat<-<! by M. Kerrigan, for
which $1000 in tickets will be sold to the
coursing men.
The ladies of St. Charles booth will give
a theator party n't the Alcazar on Tues
day August 29, in aid of the festival, for
which the tickets are only 35 cents.
The ladies in charge of the various
booths were added to the general commit
tee which will arrange for a grand con
cert to be held shortly after the dedica
tion of the new Youths' Directory building
on Nineteenth street, which will take
place on Sunday, August 20. Invitations
will be extended to Archbishop Riordan
and Mayor Phelan, and it is expected that
they will attend.
The general committee will meet again
on Wednesday, August 16, at 2030 Howard
street. _
Grand Jury Convenes.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon, but it was so late before a quorum
■was In attendance that little was done in
the way of official business. A letter from
Chief Lees was read, in which he con
veyed to the jury his satisfaction with
the result of that body's investigation
into the methods of crooked Police Court
clertis in connection with the straw
bondsmen that have infested the City
Hall The Chief inclosed a letter from
Captain Seymour, in which it was re
ported that not one case in .which the
clique was mixed up had come up since
the investigation ended. The Jury will
convene again on Thursday next.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^ _ _____^-
DR. MEYERS Si CO. thoroughly un- f arrange to pay after they are entirely
derstand the human system. If It is run well, or may pay in weekly ° c monthlj
down or otherwise out of repair they can installments. No other physician has-
locate the trouble, remove the cause and ever made such a fair and liberal offer,
. rebuild the shattered constitution. Prices always reasonaDle.
«R. MEYERS ft CO. during the past ALL MKDICIXES FKKK -Mort phy-
year cured a greater number of men than slclans charge from?, to So t..r . ao '"^
during any previous twelve months since DR. MEYERS & CO. give it tree. Most
their institution was founded, more than physicians either charge an exorb tant
eighteen years ago; and to-day they have price for medicines or send their patients
more patients under treatment than at to a high-priced drug store, where a com-
anv previous time mission of 50 per cent is paid to them on
any previous nine. the J r. prescription3 _ DX . MEYERS A
THKY CURE special diseases, wasting ( - o . resort to neither, of these unprofes-
weakness, unnatural losses and all other sional and unfair methods. They furnish
forms of Nervous Debility: also Varlcocele t f r in , their own private laboratory all the
• and Rupture. Piles, diseases of the Kidney, i necessary medicines, appliances, etc., with-
Bladder, Spine, Liver and Stomach and ou t an y cos to the patient whatever.
Contagious Blood Poisoning. ■-,■'. '-.
m ..., .T v .^.^ _ „ „ „„„„ HO3IK CURES —If you cannot call,
FREE AnVICK-You can get some wrUe for ivate book dlasnoB , shee t.
valuable information in regard to > our , advice, prices and other particulars,
ailment by having a talk with these able , Thousands of men cur every year who
specialists, even if you_do not take treat- : never seen the doctora Consultation
ment, as they never charge for consulta- fn?e AU corresp ndence confidential. No
tion or advice. printing on envelopes or packages to in-
PAY IVHEV WELL — Patients can dlcate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "K3P
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, cctos daily : Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays oto v-
pATTROAP TSAVEL. !
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
, FINEST SERVICE EVER
. OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
peaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
A. G. P. A., A. G. P A.,
St. Louis. ' « Cincinnati.
; WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVET. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. 'VJ ■■;--
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. UIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
BAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara stre«t.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Perry.
Coromenclnfr April 23. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, *6-M. 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays^
and Sundays, at 9:oo. and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-» 8:00. *9:00. •10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a.
m • 1:00, *1:45. »2:30, •4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m. .
ii-00 a m. doea not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6-30 P m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <*> run to San Quentin.
FROM "SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS-5:25. »6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a m.: 12:S0, 2:13. '3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00. *9:40. •10:4>, '11.45
am; 1:00? 2:20. >3:30. *5:15. •6:00. 7:#o. 10:15
'Traln« marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM MOLVALLBr TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:"0. 7:50, $:m. 10:3..
a m • 12:35, 2:45, 4:53, 5:20 p. m.
FXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
nnrt Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
m-NDAYS - 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1-S Y4O, 3:55. 5:30. 6:3Q, 10:20 p. m.
1.-0. 3.4i>, J^ HROt;O rf TRAINS .
7-00 a m week days— Cazadero and way sta ns,
s'ti v m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5-15 o m week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and -way stationa.
SOO a m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:45 p.' m.' Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899. trains will run aa follows:
-South-bound. ; ~ : North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Vt-red. | Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations, Sunday Ker.
Dafly. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am *):30 am Stockton 3:46 pm 6:00 pra
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 8:30 am 1:43 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm I Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1:25 pm 12:30 am! Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm, Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm] Tulare I 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particular* of stage and other connections
inquire at Trafflo Department 221 MarUet at..
Ban Frand»co._ ■ . .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
- Leave San Francisco, via Sausaltto Ferry,
Commencing- SUNDAY. April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Sa,tur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Eve'n-
ines. arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
■and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. ■to Summit and Return. $1 <0.-
I THOB. COOK & SON, Agts.. 621- Market St.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THF.RN I>A('ll'l<' WIPAJII.
(PACIFIC SYSTRK.)
Trains !«■«.»«• anil »i <• tlue !• nrrlie nt
*A> FKAN«'IK(4».
(Main lane. Foot of Market Street)
leave — Fbom Auoist 2, 1399. — arrivh
7:OOa. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.. . . 5:45p
7:«Oa MaiTSTillo, OroTilloaml UeddiDg via
Woodland .» 5:43p
7tO*A Elmira, VacaTllle aud Rumsey. »:3«p
7iU<» A. Martiuez, San Ratuon, Valk-jo. Napa,
Callßtoga and Santa Rosa Cil.Sp
8:OO» AtlanUc liiprens. Ogdeu and Btat.. 9:43
MiitMA .lose, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, . Flacerriile,
MaiysvUlf, Chlco, lta<Uili>B 4lsl»p
»i«Oa •Milton, Oakdalo and Sonora 4:l«p
f«:aUA Yoatmite Valley vU Oakdale and
Chinese 4:1
O:OOa HajTranls. Niles and Way Stations. 1 • .-*sa.
B:«Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 1 2jl3p
9iO<M Fresno, 15akersliel<l, Santa. lUiliaia.
. Los Angeles, Dcming, El raso.
New OrlcaDS «nd East 0:-i3p
10:OOa. Vallejo, Martinez anil Way Statioos 7:43p
1 1 jOOa Haywarda, Niles and Way SUtions. S:43p
l2:i)Uu Niles, Livermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrillo -«:li»p
•IjOOp Sacramento ltiver Sfceiimers "SiOOp
8:00r Haywarils, NUes and Way Stations . »: »3p
4t>uop Hartiuez. San Iliu^on, Vallejn,
Napa, (Jalmtoga, Bsnte Hosa Sil3a
4:« Or Benicia, VacaTiile, ftacrauiento,
Wooaiand, . Kulßlits JLauiliiHf,
Marysville, Orovillo lO:4Sa
'#laOpNUe^ San Jcueand Stockton 7:1.1p
4:30p Yoaemito .Sleeping Car Raymond 12:15p
6:©OpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakcrs-
field, Sangua tor Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 9:45*.
B:SOp Stockton, Merced, Fre?uo : 12:15p
ll>3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresuo,
Mojave andlios Angeles. ..•. 8:43 a
Bi3Up Bauta Ko Itouto. Atlantic Kxpress
for M«jave und l'.ast C:43p
SiOOr Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogileu
aud Kast Bssop
O:OOp Haywards, Niles and Wan Jose 7:4 •■> \
•6:0« - Vallejo 12:1
17:00p Vnllejo. Port CoaU and Way Sta-
tions. J9»53p
BiO3[> Oregon 10xitress,Suci'iiiiieutu, Murjs-
vilie, ItetUlng, IVitland, I'nget
tjoniul an.l l',ast 8:13 a,
COAST DIVISION O'arrow <iaii!?e).
I (Foot of Market Street.)
t?:43A Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:<»p
B>l3a Newark, Cen terville.San Jose.Feltou,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cniz and Way
SUtions 5:50p
•2«13p Newark, Coutervillo, San sJose, New
Almauen, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rjncipal Way
Stations •IO:3»a
4ilsp San Jose. Olenwood aud AVay Sta-
tions 9:204.
b4:ISp Ft-ltoi), Santa Crnz aDd Way Sta-
j tlons /tt:2UA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN FRiHCISCO— Fcot of Market Street (S!i|> —
•7:10 3:00 11:00 a.M. 1.00 *2:00 {3:CO
■ •4:00 ' tB:0O *6:00 p.M.
: from 01IURD— Foot of Brc»(iw»j.— "0:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t!2:00 »l:03 . t2:00 *3:C3 ti:gQ -g^Ql-.M.
' COAST VISION (Broad (Jauge).
(Third and Townsenrl Sta.)'
•O:IOa Ocean View, South San Francifen.. «Or3Op
•7:OOA Sau Jcwe anil \i'uy Btatlona (New
Almaden W.-.lne.sdaj3only) «Biooa
17i30a. Sunday Excursion fcr Santa Cruz,
Pacific GroTo and Principal V.ay
Stations ; JBiB3p
9:00 a S*n .lose. Ti;\"i Pinna. Srint.t Cm/,
Tacilio (Srove. I'asn ItoWcs, Kan
l.nis Oliispn, Surf, Lompoc ami
lVlnciiml-WKy StatiuM 4:lOp
, lO>4(tA Snii.losoHinl Wuy ShHin.m «t«3»
Il::tOA San J»so and Way Station* li^ur
*Si43r San Mateo, ltedwood, Mei-.10 Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .luse,
Uollister, Bnuta I'ub. Salii-as,
MooterevaiHl Vacif.o Orore *10:86 a.
"li3Op San.Jtwe. Santa Crnz, Pacific Grote
ami Principal Way ,Stiiti<in» *7:3«p
j •4:13r- SanJosean.l Principal Way Stationa 9:13 a .
i •3:OOp San Jose anil Principal Way Stations *N:il.> \
3:; tOr S:in.l..--»i. ■; Principal AVny Stations -9:<><U
SsMrteJotaui] WajrStoUwM 5:30p
ttji43r San Jt^er-ml Way 5tati0n5......... t7t:tOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Bnndayexceiitwl. J SnnCay only. ♦ Saturday only.
fcSatuiday nnd Sumlay /Suxday and Monday
CAUFOKNIA NORTHWESTERN 2Y. CO.
LHISSEH
m FEAfiCISCO AND NORTH PACIHG!
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU i
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, U:00 a. m. 12:3*|
>:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri^
»t 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, U;00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3\.
t:CO, 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. -'-
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
$:40, S:IS p. m. Saturdays— trips ai
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS--8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40. 6:04.
C:25 p. m. ' •
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park, ■
■ame schedule aa above. ,
Leave ■ | Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco.
. April 18. I : ——4
Week Sun- 1»99. ' I S-\n- j Week
Days. day*. Destination. ' cays; | Daya ;
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato, ilO:4O am 8:40 an»
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 aia
1:10 pm 6:00 pmj Santa K»sa. 7:35 pm 8:J0 pm>
- 1- ! ' -
1 Fuitori. v
tOO am Windsor. 10:35
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:tO pm
T:80 am j Hopland and 10:25 ara
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 D.-a
1:31) am . j10:25 an»
8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm j «:20prq
T:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 »i*
and
! 1:10 pm 6:00 pmj Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:to pn>
t:SO am 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 am! 10:25 am
; t:3o.pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska^g*
Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
! land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
! Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
I port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichr
'■ Springs Saratoga Springs/Blue Lakes. Laurel
, Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
! Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley
! Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights-. Hullville.
' Booneville. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
I Navarro White3boro, Albion, Little ■ River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Braggr.
Wes'tport. TTsal. Willitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-,
I mir.g's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
j Scotia, and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ' . '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING. _ R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
| Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1112
BRILLIANT ILLUMINATION OF THE CITY IN HONOR OF CALIFORNIA'S FIGHTING FIRST
AND A MONSTER THEATRICAL BENEFIT TO SWELL THE FUND FOR A ROUSIG RECEPTION
MOHRIS MEYERFEI/IX
Managers of San Francisco Playhouses Who Have Combined to Make the Homecoming of the Regiment an Event That Will Go Down in the State's History.
PLAN'S for the reception of the
home-coming California volun
teers are 'under full headway, j
In addition to the labors already
undertaken to that end by the Native
Sons and Native Daughters and rela
tives of the Fig-hting First, the Citi-
Bens' Executive Committee is to make j
things more in the direction of a gen
eral public decoration.
Invitations were sent out yester
day by the executive committee to
about three hundred of the leading
merchants and professional men of
the city, requesting them to meet
■with the committee and help it form
a general citizens' committee to ;
finance the welcome. This meeting
will be held at 3 o'clock this after
noon in Judge Carroll Cook's cham
bers at the City Hall, when, it is ex
pected, the way will be pointed out
to raise the $50,000 deemed necessary
for a proper reception to the soldier
sons of the city and State.
The committee on decoration, of
which W. J. Martin is chairman, held
a meeting yesterday afternoon at j
which it was decided to report to the j
executive committee a general plan
for the illumination of the city on the
night of the volunteers' return. This
plan is a striking and original one j
and contemplates the employment of ■
electric lights by the tens of thou- ;
eands. It is proposed to outline the
ferry depot nnd tower with number
less incandescent lamps, to do like
wise with the dome and south front
of the City Hall facing Market street:
to span that great. thoroughfare with
festoons of many colored incandes
cents. so numerously strung as to
make a continuous archway of light
from the ferries to Van Ness avenue.
In addition, a dome of light to cover
the open space at the junction of
Geary. Kearny, Market and Third
streets is contemplated. It will have
all the significance, none of the trite
ness and ten times the attractiveness
of the stereotyped triumphal arch.
The committee decided also to call
upon the residents and business men
of the city to add to the official illum
ination by displays of lights in their
windows, candles and lanterns or in- ;
candescent lamps. It may also de-1
termins upon red fire illuminations
on Telegraph Hill and Twin Peaks, in
addition to displays of fireworks.
What daytime display the decora
tion committee may agree upon has
not been settled, but one thing is cer
tain and that is it is opposed to the
indiscriminate stringing of any old j
kind of bunting along or, across the
streets, and will request the mer
chants and householders of the city
to conform as far as possible with its
idea, which is that any decorations
Other- than flags will obscure the elec- ,
trical display.
While the decoration committee
was in session it received a cable
gram from Colonel Duboce, at Naga- j
saki. Japan, announcing that the '
boys were all well and sightseeing in
that vicinity- He said they would
arrange matters so as to reach the
Farallones at noon of whatever day j
it might happen to be.
The theatrical managers commit- |
tee also met yesterday and decided j
that their energies would best be bent
in the direction. of one grand benefit I
in which all the theaters could take
part. It will be given Thursday. Au
gust 17. from 12:30 p. m. to 6 p. m.,
at the Orpheum. The best talent in
the city — and there is enough and to j
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 ppventh street, corner Mission. Salt
Tfafr direct from the ocean.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of AH Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveycd.
F. A. HYDE,
415 Montgomery 6t., 6an Francisco.
rRED BEX-ASCO.
spare — will appear in its best sock
and buskin, and there will absolutely
Ibe no waits. It is expected to clear
$5000 from this source alone.
With this rapid movement all
along the line, the success of every
feature of the reception seems to be
i assured.
TRIUMPHANT MARCH
OF PENNSYLVANIANS
Ovation to the Men From the
Keystone State.
Ti*^ Pennsylvania regiment took ltf
place in camp at the Presidio yesterday,
after marching through the streets of
the city and receiving a reception as
cordial and prolonged as any that has
been given the returning volunteers.
It was 9:30 when the regiment came
out from the dock and turned up East
street. Awaiting it was the same detach
in. i.t of regulars that had escorted the
N. braaka and Utah men to the Presidio.
besides the Nebraska regiment and its
band and the band of the t'tah artillery.
The men of the -Pennsylvania regiment
had donned their blue suits, and they had
less of the appearance of troops returning
from the. tropics than had any of the men
who had preceded 'them. They had been
plentifully decorated with flowers and
marched well, and by their appearance
earned every note of applause which
greeted them.
And th^re was no lack of applause. Up
Market Btreet, on Golden Gate avenue and
along Van Ness avenue there was a va
riety of jubilant clamor which comes only
from a crowd bent on testifying to its
own enthusiasm. They went bo far as
to discharge shotguns and revolvers from
the windows of the wholesale houses
down town, mere cheering being consid
ered inadequate to the occasion.
On Van Ness avenue the regiment was
revk wed by General Shafter and his staff
and then it proceeded without further in
cident to the Presidio.
The reception committee from Pennsyl
vania had met the troops upon the wharf,
where they were welcomed by State Sen-
Muelbronner, who spoke briefly to
them on behalf of the commiti
There were, therefore, no ceremonies at
the Presidio and the regiment went into
quarters at once.
A substantial mark of esteem and sol
dierly brotherhood was shown by the Ne
braska miii as soon as the Pennsylvani
ans had been fairly settled. They invited
the Pennsylvanians to dinner, and com
pany by company the Easterners dined
with the men of the West, just as the Ne
braska men had dined with the men from
Oregon a few days before.
Early In the afternoon the baggage be
gan to arrive, and with it the customs in
spectors, who did their work in the com
pany streets. Each box as it came down
from the wagon was opened, examined
and passed, and at once Its owner stowed
it away in his own tent and settled him
self comfortably.
The mustering out of the regiment will
take three weeks anyway, unless some
unforeseen difficulty should delay matters
or unless specially hard and accurate
work should hurry it.
The committee of citizens from Penn
sylvania is extremely anxious that the
regiment should be released soon enough
to allow them to remain and go with it.
A number of the eommitteemen visited
Genera) Shafter yesterday to find out if
possible inst what time the mustering out
process was to be gone through with, but
the gen< ral was unwilling ty promise any
thing less than the three weeks. The offi
cers of the regiment have been working
on their papers all the way over from
Manila, but should these papers not be In
coTrect form 'they may have to be done
over again', and all the work so far com
pleted be lost. It is too soon, however, to
make any estimate of the time it will
A special committee of the committee
of Pennsylvanians consisting of J. A.
Herron "Harry" Hall, W. B. <'uthbert
son and Rufus H. Herron w*s -appointed
to draft resolutions of respect to the
memory of the late Colonel Hawkins. The
Bub-coabmlttee submitted its report to the
main committee yesterday, and it was
adopted. The report la as follows:
"Whereas, Pennsylvania's escort commit
tee appointed to meet and welcome the
Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry on
Its return to the United States from the
Philippine Islands, has learned with the
deepest regret of the untimely death on
luly IS 1599. of Colonel Alexander 1,. Haw
kin*. commander of ifald regiment; therefore
be it ■
Resolved, That in the death of Colonel
Hawkins, Pennsylvania has lost a true
patriot, a brave Boldler, and an honorable
and esteemed dtlsen and the Tenth Regi
ment a commander whose courage inspired
Ita men lo duty whenever duty was demand
ed. His. constant Interest in and care for
hIR men. his unfailing devotion to their,
welfare, and his high example of duty as'
a soldier and a citizen have all conspired
to gain for htm b hold u]K>n their warm
est affections. - ■
Colonel Hawkins : was a gallant soldier
in the civil war, entering the ranks of the
army of. the Union as a private
in the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cav
alry,, and by -his courage and stead
fastness in 'the performance ot every,
duty he won, by -successive promotion, the
rank of captain. , He had been for over
twenty-two- years an active member of the
National Guard of Pennsylvania, and for
twenty years colonel of the Tenth Regi
ment. Under his command, the Tenth was
among the nrst regiments to cross the Pa
cific Ocean, and carry the flag of his coun
try to the eastern hemisphere in the Span
ish-American war, in which it was the
first regiment to engage in battle with the
enemy. During the present conflict with
the Filipinos the Tenth was seventy-one
days on the firing line and participated In
all operations of the American army up to
April 13. 1599, and after that day was in
active duty at Cavite until the time of Its
departure for home. At all times Colonel
Hawkins was at his post.
Resolved, That this committee, as does
the whole people of Pennsylvania, most
deeply deplores his death, and tenders to
his sorrowing widow and fumlly Its heart
felt condolence In this grea: affliction.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution
THE SAN FKANCiSCO CALL, FRIDAY, AITtUST 4. 1899.
MARK THAI/li.
he sent to th« family of the departed sol
dier.
Preparations for the funeral of- Colonel
Hawkins are still being delayed because
of the uncertainty of the departure- of th
regiment and the wishes of the relatives
of the deceased. Yesterday General Shaf
ter it ceived a telegram from Adjutant
General Corbin approving the plan of
sending the colonel's body East under the
escort of one of the officers of the regi
ment. The officer for this duty will be
detailed to-. lay and the body will start
East to-morrow.
A GRAND SCHEME
FOR ILLUMINATION
The Decoration Committee
Plans a Brilliant
Display.
The committee on decoration for the
reception of the California boys met yes
terday afternoon in Mayor Phelan's pri
vate office in the Phelan building. W. J
Martin, chairman of the committee, pre
sided, and the following members were
present: W. H. Mills, Charles Hirsch
(representing Henry Fortman), A. Schil
ling. I. W. Hellman Jr. and Harry Hol
hn ok. In calling the meeting to order
Chairman Martin said:
Gentlemen: Ah you are aware, the Board of
Supervisors recently appointed a committee,
itlns of his Honor, the Mayor, and a rep
resentative from each of the three morning
to act as an executive epmmitt," to
arrange for the reception of the California and
other volunteer troops returning fron > the
Philippines, especially the California Regi-
The executive committee has been meeting?
from time to time since its creation, nnd the
work ;is far as possible has been apportioned
out to the different members. General ■;■■
young has been planed at the head of the
finance committee, and has selected as mem
bers representatives from the various mercan
tile and other Industries of San Frfi:
The duty of that committee will be to raise
the necessary money to cover all expenses in
cident to the reception by the citizens com
"VhTs' committee Is charged with the respon
sible duty of arranging suitable electrical
display and other decorations along the line
The people expect something out of the nsual
in the way of decorations on the occasion of
the return of the California Regiment. The
decorations will add. in a great measure to
the success of the undertaking, and therefore,
this "committee's responsibility is very great.
The question of two electrical arches across
Market street was decided upon by the execu
tive committee, provided, of course, that we
found it feasible, but the duty of this com
mittee not only covets electrical, but all other
decorations deemed necessary by the commit
tee.
For the further information of the
committee Mr. Martin said that the
general programme of the reception, so
far as arranged, provided first for a
naval parade", after which the men would
be landed as soon as possible and dined
by relatives at the ferry depot They
would then be marched to the Presidio as
Dart of a parade, the dimensions of which
could not be Btated at this time. The
same night or the night following the
programme called for a night parade and
a banquet at the ferry depot or Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
1 W. Hellman Jr. wanted to know what
money would be forthcoming for the needs
of tilt decoration committee. As it was
not possible to answer definitely it was
decided to listen to suggestions on decora
tion, decide on some plan and estimate
the cost.
"i have no -doubt." said Mr. Martin*
"that the funds will be forthcoming."
. "If thore is to be any daytime decora
tion." said Mr. Mills, "I would suggest
thnt it be limited to a display of national
colors, i am somewhat averse, personally,
to having a great wash of flags hung out
on clotheslines across the streets."
•'That suggestion agrees with the view
of the executive committee," said the
Chair. "We intend to prevent, as far as
possible, the stringing of banners across
the streets."
"As to night decorations," resumed Mr.
Mills, "the most beautiful effect I ever
saw anywhere was at Sacramento on the
night they inaugurated their light and"
power plant. The feature was an illumin
ation of the State Capitol. It was an out
line in lights of the entire building and
ill.- effect was extremely beautiful. The
south front of the City Hall in this city
pic-, nts a face that would lend itself to
a similar display. I made an estimate of
how many incandescent lights will be nec
essary, and 1 found It will take about
3000 so as to light the dome from the
lantern down to the first circle and to
outline the remaining portion of the
front."
Four thousand lamps, Mr. Mills estimat
ed, would be needed to treat the ferry de
pot in a similar manner and as many
more for the dome he proposed and a
rough drawing of which he submitted, in
tended to span the space at the intersec
tion of Kearny, Geary, Market and Third
streets.
The suggestions of Mr. Mills met with
general approval, as did one from Mr.
Schilling that the committee might in
vite merchants and householders to co
operate In the illumination by displays in
the windows of their places of business
and residences. Mr. Holhrook suggested
that circular letters be sent out asking
for such co-operation from private citi
zens and from the newspapers. He was
assured that the newspapers would at
tend to the matter wlthont solicitation.
In support of his suggestion for a tri
umphal dome of incandescent light Mr.
Mills said it would do away with the ne
cessity for a trliunphal arch, which nowa
days was generally a very tawdry wall
paper affair.
On motion it was decided to be the sen.se
of the committee that it report to the ex
ecutive committee recommending the Illu
mination of the ferry depot, the dome and
soutli front of the City Hall and the erec
tion of th« iridescent dome, as suggested
by Mr. Mills.
It was also decided that the newspapers
be requested, as suggested by Mr. Schil
ling to co-operate with the decoration
committee in illuminating.
At this stage Mr. Hirsch advanced the
idea that the illumination would be great
ly enhanced by the stretching across
Market street, from the ferry depot to
Van Ness avenue, of strings of many
colored incandescent lamps. This sug
gestion also was received with favor.
Having arrived at these general agree
ments on plans the matter of expense
was considered. Chairman Martin stated
"DOC" LEAHY,
that representative? of the various local
el ctric Hght companies had been Invited
present and give figures. Herbert P
Thayer of the Ban Francisco Electrical
Company was the only one present. He
figured that each lamp in the quantity
desired would cost 10 cents, each socket .
10 cents and wiring, etc., enough more to
bring the cost of each light up to $1. He
said, however, that the lamps might be <
rented and was borne out in this by Mr.
Mills that there was one construction
company in the city that had 90.000 lamps
which might be rented. Figuring on this
basis Mr. Thayer was of opinion that the
illumination proposed might be done for
:■ $9000. He was invited to and prom
ised to lend his aid in securing figures for
the committee. Messrs. Mills. Hellman
and llolbrook were appointed a sub-com
mittee to figure the cost of illumination.
A i-uggestk.n from A. Schilling that an |
archway of laurel and palm be erected
near the transport dock for the California
boys to manh through on their re-entry
Into the city met with approval.
At this point in the proceedings a mes- '
senger arrived with the following mes- j
sage from the returning Californians:
NAGASAKI. Aug. 3, 1890.
Citizens' Committee, San Fran
cisco: Will programme Farallones
noon; command well; sightseeing in
Japan. DUBOCE.
Mr. Hellman suggested that the castle
on top of Telegraph Hill presented an op
portunity for effective decoration. The
chair stated that it was the intention to j
raise a number of large flags on it us a
greeting to the returning volunteers. Mr.
Mills suggested that it might be set afire.
The chair was of the opinion that Twin
Peaks should be illuminated with red fire
and Mr. Hellman spoke of a recent mag
nificent illumination of Mount Tamalpais.
but was met with the objection that fogs
might intervene to hide the view.
It .lot being deemed advisable to pro
ceed further without an estimate, on the
Illumination proposed the committee ad
journed to meet Saturday afternoon at 3
o'clock.
GRAND BENEFIT
FOR THE FUND
Theatrical Managers Put Their
Shoulders to the
Wheel.
A behemoth of a benefit, a continuous
performance, the like of which has never
before been attempted in the West, has
been arranged to swell the fund for the
proper reception of the returning Califor
nia boys. It will take place Thursday,
August 17, between the hours of 12:30 p.
m. and 6 p. m., at the Orpheum. The
cream of the dramatic talent in the city
at that time will appear in a bewild. riiit;
rion "f scenes calculated to more
than make up for the patriotic outlay.
There will be no waits, everything has
been set to jig time, and the managers of
Ban Francisco hope to clean up fcKwJ of
the $50,000 needed to hail the fighting i-'irst
on itn homecoming.
Here is the. programme, roughly out
lined:
The Columbia will present Henry Miller
and his company in one of their most
fetching acts.
The California will offer Miss Blanche
Bates and the Frawley company in an
other act of a successful play.
One aci of grand opera will be sung by
th( Tivoii company.
Miss Florence Roberts, White Whittlesey
and the Alcazar stock company will pre
sent '•Only the Master Shall Blame."
The company from the Grand Opera
house will sing its merriest in an act of
comic, opera.
The Orpheum wil! offer as Interludes to
the operatic and dramatic numbers the
following star vaudeville attractions:
Alexandra Dagmar, the beautiful Rus
sian warbler; the great Cardownie tioup*
of dancers; Caron and Herbert, the fa
mous t-omnly acrobats; Mansfield and
Wilbur, in their novelty vaudeville sketcn;
Deonzo Brothers, the wonderful barrel
lets; Linton and Mclntyre, in their new
creation, "Doctor's Patient"; Bob Alden
and Strap Hill, the ragtime comedians,
Esmeralda, the wire queen, and the bio
graph.
The orchestras of all the theaters' will
take part. , , 
Ten members of the managerial commit
tee met yesterday morning at the olHce
of the Columbia Theater. J. J. Gottlob
presided, and the others present were:
William Leahy of the Tivoii. Harry Mo
rosco of the "Grand Opera-house,- b red
Belasco and Mark Thuil of the Alcazar,
M. Meyerfeld and John Morrissey of the
Orpheum. S. H. Friedlander of the Cali
fornia and Sam Mott and Alf Ellinghouse
of the Alhambra.
They got down to business at once Mr.
Meyerf.M'l said he favored the suggestion
of Mr. Leahy, whfch contemplated one
great continuous performance. The oth
ers seemed to be of the same opinion, and
starting with this in view it was ea^y to
arrange the other details.
"I hear about benefits in the East." said
Mf-\ rft •ld.fwhero they take In $5000. I
think we can do that here."
"It looks thai way." said Mr. Gottlob.
"If you give H to the public good and
strong, as we propose to give it in this
monsu-r benefit they will turn out."
"Yes," said Mr. Morrissey, "we can give
them a continuous performance that will
open their eyes. Look at the tatent in
the various theaters in the city."
Having decided on a continuous per
formance to run from 12:30 o'clock on
some afternoon to 6 o'clock p. m., it was
decided that Thursday. August 17, would
be the best time. Then the managers
began figuring on a theater, it being final
ly decided that the choice lay between
the Orpheum and the Grand Opera-house.
Messrs. Moroseo and Meyerfeld were
asked to submit figures regarding their
houses, the seating capacity of which is
about equal. The decision in favor of the
Orpheum was reached on the suggestion
that it was more central than the Grand
Opera-house.
air. Meyerfeld then submitted a rough
estimate of the revenue to be derived
from seats.
"There are twenty-four large boxes in
the Orpheum." he said, "and the sug
gestion made by Mr. Friedlander that
they be auctioned is a good one. The
first box should bring at least ?250, and it
ALF ELLINGHOTTSE.
will, if I have to bid that for it myself.
We ' ught to get at any rate S li 1 ' " » oui << r
the sale of boxes. .Then t her i ■ 500 ssats
downstairs should bring i 2 apiece and 900
at $1. Upstairs we have Wl '»> ordinary
•!! at GO cents each and 230 opera
chairs that ought to bring $1 apiec< .
That's J4950."
Mr. Meverfeld concluded that there
would be no expense for lights or other
nrc-ssaries. the house standing that.
chairman Gottlob announced that the
Globe Printing Company had offered to
print tickets free of charge: that the
Sterett Printing Company offered to do
all the printing free and" that Siebe &
Green would charge nothing for bill post
ing. It was stated that the lithographing
houses would get out a souvenir pro
gramme for the glory of the thing.
George Lask r,r' the Tivoli was chosen as
general] stage manager of the big benefit.
S. H. Friedlander was appointed a com
mittee of one "n press and printing.
Messrs. Meverfeld. Gottlob and Leahy
were named as a committee on the sale of
seats. Fred Belasco, with a close shave,
will be expected to look after the prima
donnas and leading ladies, who are ex
pected to do great execution in the flower
selling line. Mark Thall will take care of
the souvenir programme.
It was decided to call on Superintendent
McLaren of Golden Gate Park for flow
ers, which the florists of the city will be
requested to make into bouquets free of
charge.
It was decided that the whole committee
should meet at the Columbia Theater
every morning at 11 o'clock until the
great day.
NATIVE SONS.
What They and the Daughters
Are Doing for the Re
ception.
The joint committee of the Native Sons
and Daughters mcl last night in the ban
quet Hall of the Native Sons" building.
A communication was received from the
Mechanics' Institute directors announcing
that it would be impossible to allow the
use of the Mechanics' Pavilion for the
committee on account of the fact that
the Pavilion is being prepared for the
fair.
The directors in another communication
asketl if some arrangement could not be
made to have a First California Regiment
night for the purpose of distributing the
medals to the volunteers. These com
munications were filed.
Entertainment committee No. 1 was
granted more time to make its final re
port.
K. D. Barton, president of the Pacific
Coast Musicians' Union, stated that his
union had offered a band of fifty pieces
to play during the day parade gratis and
that as since the tender the music com
mittee had hired a band for the recep
tion from another union, and as the hiring
was stiil in fnrce, he withdrew the offer
made, as he believed that in view of the
fenerous offer the music should have been
rom the union he represents, in view of
the fact that many of the members are
Native Sons.
Mrs. Mary E. Tillmann stated that she
had called on J. D. Bpreckels of the
Sprockets line: of tugs, who informed her
that while he could not then tell what tug
would be furnished he would inform the
committee through her that a tug of the
capacity of 150 would be reserved for the
use of the committee at the time that it
was needed. The report of Mrs. Till
mann was followed by a vote of thanks
to Mr. Spreckels for his generosity.
The report of the secretary of the re
ception committee as to what has been
done since the previous meeting of the
joint committee was read and adopted.
The meeting then adjourned to the call
of the chair.
At the California Hotel headquarters
yesterday the officials in charge received
a visit from John J. Cordy, grand sec
retary of the Grand Court of the Forest
ers of America, who called to haVe a
meeting of the representatives of the va
rious courts to be held August 8, attended
by a representative of the grand marshal,
to obtain information as to what the For
esters can do to take part in the parade
which the Native Sons and Daughters are
arranging. A representative was prom
ised.
Past Grand Master "Workman George
H. Bahrs and supreme representatives of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen,
it was announced, have issued an appeal'
to all the lodges in tho State to contribute
to the fund for the reception. In his ap
peal he says:
Now, therefore, with the approbation of the
Krar.fi master workman, I call 'upon the vari
ous lodges of our order to contribute to the
fund to be applied to the reception of our
gallant heroes irom Manila, out of their gen-'
eral fund, or from contributions among the
membership, as liberal a sum as possible, for
no money can be more loyally applied .than In
pro\ ing our appreciation of the sacriflce.3 and
heroism of our returning fathers, sons and
brothers, while in thr service of our common
country. The fact that they volunteered per
haps rendered our doing likewise unnecessary,
too much honor cannot be showered upon our
boys. If our membership could be induced to
contribute 10 cents per capita, we could soon
havo a fund of $21100 to be applied toward
doing homage to our returning heroes.
Are we unequal to this demand upon our
patriotism and liberality? I answer. No!
•As the brave boys will arrive in a little more
than two weeks from date, it Is of the high
est importance that the lodges act upon this
app'-al with great dispatch. All contributions
will please b» forwarded to Brother Samuel
Booth, our grand receiver.
The Knights of the Maccabees are mov
ing in the matter and it is likely that
San Francisco, Golden West and Pacific
tents will take part in the celebration.
Bay City Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West has accepted the invita
tion and promises a fine feature.
Mayor Phelan sent a letter of accept
ance of a place on the committee of the
Native Sons and Daughters.
The Fraternal Eagles have signified
their intention of making a display with
other societies.
Military Notes.
Leave of absence for one month on ac
count of sickness has been granted to
Captain Andrew Jansen, First Montana
Volunteer Infantry.
Major Robert J. Gibson, surgeon, has
been ordered to report for duty at Angel
Island. Captain Thomas U. Raymond has.
WALTER MOROSCO.
been ordered to resume his duties at the
department headquarters. Acting Assist
ant Surgeon Robert J. McAdory has be< n
ordered to duty at the general hospital
at the Presidio, to take the place of
Acting Assistant Surgeon flyman M.
<'|i,.n. who has been relieved from fur
ther duty at the general hospital. Act
Ing Assistant Burgeon W. .\. Mc-Vean has
tieen ordered to duty at the general hos
pital.
Captain Edward O. C. Ord. Twenty
second Infantry, having returned from
sick leave, has been ordered to assume
temporary command of the Benlcla bar
racks and to act as quartermaster and
commissary of that post.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John J. Gil
huley has been ordered to duty at the
general hospital. Acting Assistant Sur
geona Guy G. Bailey and L. B. Sandall
Eave been ordered to temporary duty at
the general hospital while awaiting orders
tn sail for Manila.
A general conrf-mnrtial has been ap
pointed to sit at the Presidio for the trial
of such offenders as may be brought be
fore it. The detail for the court is as
follows: Major Henry H. Adams.
eighteenth Infantry: Captain William B.
Reynolds, Fourteenth Infantry; Captain
Henry C. Danes. Third Artillery: <'aptain
Joseph M. Califf. Third Artillery: Captain
Charles A. Bennett, Third Artillery; First
Lieutenant \V. S. MeXair. Third Artil
lery; Second Lieutenant Henry C. Evans
Jr., Third Artillery: Second Lieutenant
Ralph P. Browcr, Third Artillery, judge
advocate.
FINANCES FOR
THE WELCOME
Citizens Asked to Co-Operate
With the Executive
Committee.
On behalf of Mayor Phelan. M. H. de
Young. A. M. Lawrence. W. S. Leake. F.
YV. Dohrraann and Henry C. McPike, corn
poping the citizens' executive committee,
the following self-explanatory circular
letter has been mailed to 300 prominent
citizens in all branches of San Francisco
business and professional life:
The executive committee requests the
honor of your presence and the benefit of
your experience in organizing a general
finance committee for the reception of
our California boy? and other soldiers re
turning from the Philippines.
While you have not been able to give
your personal services to fight for yur
country, it is expected that you will give
a llttie of your time toward aiding in the
proper reception of those who have risked
their lives for our country and Its wel
\ meelinz will be held at the cham
bers of Superior Judge Carroll Cook.
New City Hall, at 3 o'clock sharp, this
Friday, August 4. If your patriotism and
pride ' for our city's reputation b» great
enough, your answer to this invitation will
be acknowledged by your presence at the
meeting. Cordially vnur^
For the Executive Committee for the Re
ception of our Soldiers.
A ROAST FOR ROSENBERG.
Oregon's Governor Replies to
His Letter Relating to the
Mustering Out of Sol
diers Here.
SALEM. Or., Aug-. 3.— Governor Geer
to-day received a circular from Edward
Rosenberg, secretary of the San Francisco
Labor Council, in the form of an appeal
to him to protest to the War Department
against the "criminal policy" of muster
ing out any more returning volunteers in
San Francisco. The circular states that
the labor market is being flooded and that
volunteers will be forced to re-enlist in
order to secure a living. This is the Gov
ernor's answer to Mr. Rosenberg:
T have been a workingman all my life and
while' all mv sympathy Is with that class of
fellow citizens at all times and everywhere,
your appeal In their interest is illogical, 111
--tempered, uncalled for and demagogical in the
exTreme. Your declaration that the War De
partment is moved by a desire to flood the
Fabo™ market and thus check the struggle of
the workingman for improved conditions is
absurd to I degree of imbecility, but equally
rational with the other statement that the
Government desires to compel volunteers driven
to want or destitution to re-enlist. ■ •
Such demagogical utterances as these, which
are not only not based on facts, hut bear in
them unmistakable evidences of studied per
version, do the real laboring men of the
TJnfted States grave Injustice and in the end
'"to seize "such an occasion as the one above
noted to make Inflammatory and almost In
surrectionary ' appeals to our working people
indicates want of crood taste and good judg
ment and recklessness of statement that does
no credit to the organization engaged in its
prom-ulcation. The people of Oregon do not
share the sentiment of the circular for they
are sincere friends of the real worklngmen,
of whom there is not one who desires it now
out of employment in the State.
Former Comrades.
Quite a number of men who served in
the First California who were sent home
on account of physical disability, but
have since their return to this city fully
recovered, feel that they have been lost
sight of in the rush of preparation. They
say that. th«y would like to escort their
former comrades on their return home if
they only knew to w* om they should
apply for permission to do so. If they
will "present their request at the head
quarters of the Native Sons and Daugh
ters in the California Hotel they will be
assigned a position in line.
Four hundred and fifty of the Pennsyl
vania men were entertained at the Or
pheum last evening. Tickets had been
sent out to the camp during the afternoon
ana they were dealt out to the men at
retreat. There was great hilarity when
the guests were announced from the
stage, and then when the band 'began to
play martial airs the tumult increased.
Dewey was cheered and the Orpheum and
Pennsylvania and San Francisco and a
great many others, but as with the other
men who have been similarly entertained
there were only groans and hisses for
Otis.
There was not a soldier who left his
seat before the end of the performance^
SAM FBIEDLANDER.
At the Orpheum.
JOHN MORRISEY.
and then the first thins they did when
the curtain went down for the last time
was to rise and give tnre< cheers for the
Orpheum and everything about it.
Parents' Association.
There will Hp a meeting to-niprht in the
Ellis-street armory of the association of
parents and relatives of thosi who are en
listed In the First California and the
H> .ivy Artillery.
"Cars stop here," this Is the sign
Tt> tfaxket-at. Hallway wish to defln*.
r«»Kamoid Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
SYNOD ON SHIPBOARD.
Party of Washington Presbyterians
Sail for Alaska.
SEATTLE, Aur. 3.-* A novel excursion
to Alaska left h> rf> to-day on the steamer
City <>f St;iU'.^. It consists of about "'0
Persons. Including the Presbyterian Sy
ncif] • it" Washington.
The annual session of tlu- synod will be
held aboard the steamer during the voy
;,s.- to Alaska. Gospel services ami liter
ary and musical entertainments will be
Riven and revival meetings held in the
cities <>f Alaska.
Judge Fitzgerald Seated.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. Judge . Fltz
perald, the newly appointed Superior
Judge of Los Angeles County, took the
oath of office this afternoon and will as
sume the duties of the office to-morrow.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A SORE POINT
It Is with some laundries to remind
them of the superiority of our work,
but we claim and reiterate that we do
the best class of work in the laundry
line of any establishment in San Fran-
cisco, and our patrons all bear us out
in our statement. If you bring your
laundry work here you will be our pa-
tron always. "No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Offlos
1004. Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 54-2 Eleventh St.
ONE WEEK Eg g"
FREE §
Treatment and Medicine g^k
FOR « |f%^
Catarrh Deafness, Mg!/p
N013E6 IN THE EARS c£ SS/il
AND THROAT DISEASES ■£a£3r y /jM
Blven to «how the superior 555^ tMk •'
merit of my new Invention Ss^ A^Plti
»nd ANTISEPTIC treatment; §5/ ftggiwr
that gjves many marvelous i|k £§RiS \
cur« 3 and so easy a child Sj •
can use It. In 1200 test cases «
all CATARRHAL patients re- S\ WbSBK"
lieved and 80 per cent Deaf-
nes3 cured. Best .of references KWffKgK^^;.
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best ia
to try It and be convinced while you caa.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or writ*.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
032 Market St., opp. Palaoe Hotol.
Kcurs— 9-11 A. M.. 1-»1 and 7-8 P. M.
TURKISH
"-SLRUGS
■ ; ■AT ■ .
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RUG.CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.,
Commencinc '.
THIS DAY, Friday, August 4,
at 2:30 P. M.; for one week.
lE7"Connoisseurs and ; . Home and Office Fur-
nishers are Invited to this Important Sale.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
NOTICE!
The public are hereby cautioned
that Dr. John H. Decker, dentist,
is NOT connected with my office.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
Dentist (30 years),
Phelan Building (18 years).