VOLUME l.\\\Yll->-o. it.
BURGHERS ROUT A BRITISH FORCE
AND TAKE HUNDREDS OF PRISONERS
GATACRE BEATEN AND
FORCED TO RETREAT
British Led Into Ambush and Suffer a
Decisive Reverse.
Turned Back by a Withering Fire, the Column Is
Raked by Shot and Shell as It Retires
Toward Molteno.
MQLTENO. Cape Colony. Dec. 10.— Genera! Gatacre left Puttecolumn. It is believed here that
he proceeded by forced march twelve miies toward Stcrmberg. He had 4000 men, includ
ing the Northumberland Fusiliers, the Rcyal Irish Rifles and two batteries of field artillery.
The British were unmolested by the Boers until the Boer position was reached, when a hot fire
was unexpectedly opened upon the advancing column. The engagement began at 4:15 a. m. At 7
a. m.. after a sharp artillery duel, the British retired. They are now marching toward Molteno.
General Gatacre found the enemy's position impregnable. It was impossible for the British infan
try to get at the Boers.
The British column had arrived safely within a couple of miles of its destination, the only
incidents of the march being an occasional sudden caii of "halt!" under the belief that the Boers
were near. Suddenly a terrific fire opened simultaneously on the British front and right flank,
he Royal Irish Rifles, which formed the advance, sought shelter behind a neighboring kopje and
were speedily joined by the remainder of the column. It was soon found, however, that this po
sition also was covered by Boer guns, which were more powerful than had been supposed. The
troops, therefore, sought a safer place about half a mile away, two batteries in the meantime
engaging the Boers and covering the troops in their withdrawal.
The action now became general at long range, and a detachment of mounted infantry
ioved northward with a view of getting on the enemy's right flank. Suddenly a strong com
mando was seen moving from the north and the Royal Irish Rifles and the Northumberland Reg
iment was sent out to meet it.
It was soon discovered, however, that the Boers had machine guns well placed and the Brit
sn were compelled to face a terrible fire. Finding it impossible to hold the position in the face of
i enemy apparently superior in position, numbers and art-llery, the British retired on Molteno,
Beers following up the retirement closely and bringing two big guns to bear on the retiring
column. It s beneved here that thhe British casualties were not serious.
LONDON. Dec. IT.— The Times publishes the foliowina dispatch from Molteno: "Genera!
oatacre attempted to assault the Boer oosition at Stormberg at dawn to-day (Sunday). The
gu-des led us wrong and we were surprised while in fours and after a very trying night march.
Our retirement was effected in excellent order, there being no hurry even at the most critical
. The Northumberland and Irish Rifles behaved as if on review day. I fear our losses are
heavy. One of our guns we had to abandon."
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 9.— lt is rumored here that the Boers attacked Kimberley at close
quarters last night, but were repulsed with heavy losses.
NEW YORK. Doe. 13.— The World
has the following from ' Molteno.
via Cape Colony. December 10:
General Gatacr^'s column met dis
aster to-<!ay while marchlr.jf to oc
cupy Stormberg. A stronjr force
;f Bn*rs was unexpectedly encountered
tnd the IJr!:;«h were forcM to retire after
".a\ir.e lost more than £» men. most of
* - hnm, however, were takrn prisoners.
According to reports of spies, the num
*r of the B«»n was ZZW. General Gat-
Lcre'« force numbered over •'• men all
old. He was moving from here upon
: T'rmbcnc. as the reports of natives and
i f«w scouts ►ad led him to believe that
he Boer position could easily be sur
prisM. Tlie first sign of battle was a
Jot, effective fire delJverrd upon th* Una
if the Dublin Fuslleer*. who were In the
idvance. It proved so effective that the
Irishman sousht shelter behind a kopje
'n the left. Th«v ar,r><--.ir»--d w»ll r-i . r-^A
BOHR AND BRITISH OFFICERS MENTIONED IN DISPATCHES.
The San Francisco Call
for a time and were followed into "the
shelter by the Northumberland Fusileers
and the artillery.
Scarcely had the last mentioned taken
the pround. perhaps half a mile from the
Boer fl Ir.g line, when It was discovered
the whole force was exposed to the fire cf
their enemy's (runs from a hill that en
abled the Boers to enfilade the British
lines. Here a few c ■:• iof the British ar
tillery saved the situation, for under their
rapid fire General Gatacre'" men were en
abled to withdraw In good order out of
ranpe.
The action at this time become general,
but all at long- ranpe. while the entire
British line, halted and from cover, was
attempting to "snipe" the Boers.
It was learned that a»larpe commando
of mounted Boers was moving from the
north wuh the intention to cut off the
entire brigade. The Northumberland and
Irish regiments started at once to enpaire
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
1 thorn, but were nrnmptly checked by a
heavy fire from machine i?uns.
Then. It appears, the commanding offi
cers decided that a complete retreat was
necessary and the return march to Mol
ter.o was begun In good order.
Over th* thirteen miles of the way. al
most to the boundaries of the •ncampment
: here, the Boers kept up a rifle fire upon
the retreating lines, but most of it was at
lons rar.Ke and not particularly effective.
The Boers? even attempted an artillery flre
at several points, but it was badly di
rected.
MEANS A RISING OF
CAPE COLONY DUTCH
LONDON, Dec 11. 4:45 a. m.— It is
hardly too much to reagTd Genera! Gat
acre's repulse, near Stormberp as the
most serious defeat British arms have yet
sustained In the whole campaign. Already
GE.>EKAL GATACRfc, THe DfcFfcATtD COMMANDER.
the official advices sh.->w that two men
■were killed, nine o2lcr~s and seventeen
tre:! wounded ~-\ nine officer.-* and 3-Ots
men are missing. But It is evident that
the worst is not yet known. The propor
tion cf wounded and ki11e«l la so srr.a l !.
when compared with the missing— who are
undoubtedly prisoners In the hands of the
Boers— that the *uplementary Hat of cas
ualties Is awaited with serious miser' ' .
It Is also fe ■<1 that there were se
rious losses of puns and equipment.
The serious aspect of the affair is the ef
fect It is likely to have on •'> Dutch ir.
Cape Colony, wit, have b*^*". w*V?HnR > 'a*'
to whether or not 10 throw their io» with,
th« Boers. Hosts of northern farmers are
now likely to Join the rebellion. The de
feat Is also serious because it will delay
the Junction of General Gatncre with Gen
eral French at .aauwponrt. The plan
was for their combined forces to relieve
the pressure on Lord Methuen's column.
The dlsclnure of sruch a strong froce at
Stormberg was quite unexpected. Doubt
less General Gatncre was th€ victim of
treacherous guides. But the result points
also the absence of proper cavalry scout-
In*.
The British troops that recently occu
pied Arunoel an advancing. They had
several, skirmishes, but no casualties.
Three miles north of Arundel they round
the Boers. 1000 strong.
The Pretoria reports of renewed fighting
at Mbdder River originated from the fact
that the British, with a team of thirty
two oxen hauled a naval gun to the top of
a high ridge north of Modder River,
whence they fired lyddite shells
on the Boer position at a range of 6500
yards, where the enemy was apparently
constructing an emplacement for ■ forty
pounder. The lyddite shells appeared to
do Immense damage. The Boers retired,
but the Incident Is Interesting as showing
that the Boers are still In position quite
close to Modd'-r River.
The engineers report that It would take
two months to rebuild the- Iron bridge.
Lord Methuen is still compelled to ride
about In a dog cart, as his wound pre
vents him going on horseback. Should
the rains destroy the temporary bridge
there is enough rolling stock on the north
side of the river to serve Lord Methuen's
purpose.
[1 la reported that the Bo^rs are busy
making mtrenchments at Spytfonteln
-•1 t!ors of WOTkl nre brginning to
appear at the fool of the heights. The
ired on by the British naval grin is
believed to form the right wing of the
enemy's main body, thrown forward for
patroling anil -
It is reported that the bad water at
Bpytfoatela thr • - :. epidemic of
typhoid.
Klabertey reports all quiet there up to
that the pressure of the
Investment is diminish--!
A dispatch from Cape Town to the Daily
Mall, dated Thursday. December 7. says:
"News that Chiefs Khama. Linchwe,
Bathoen and Sechell. with their people In
Bechualand have risen to attack the
Boers. seriously complicates the situation.
It is probable that the Bastitos and the
tribes will follow their example." ,
FEARS FOR THE SAFETY
OF GATACRE'S FORCE
LONDON. Dec. 11.— Upon the heels of
yesterday's new« of the gallant sortie
from Ladysmlth this morning comes In
telligence of the practical defeat of Gen
eral Sir W. F. Gatacre In his first en
gagement with the Boers. While this lat
ter reverse, though serious enough, is re
garded as only an elementary check, still
Its effect upon the morale of the Boers
and the minds of wavering Dutch farm
ers In Cape Colony will undoubtedly ren
der the task of the British much more
difficult and drawn out.
General Gatacre, moving out Saturday
with 3000 men and two batteries of artil
lery from Putter's Kraal in the h«pe of
surprising the Boers at Stormberg, w»d
misled by his guide and found himself in
an untenable position, with the result
that he was obliged to retire with se
vere losses upon Moltena. He reports
over 630 officers and men missing i:: addi
tion to a small list of killed and wounded.
Reinforcements will doubtless b<» s^-nt
up with all wgmtA to make General Gat
acre.s p. sition <»-.-ure. but the fact that
he has gravely underestimated the
strength of the Boers opposed to him Is
responsible for a feeling of considerable
uneasiness aa to the immediate future of
the campaign In that section of the coun
try.
News from I.adysmith created great en
thusiasm. General White evidently has
not forgotten the art of delivering a
smashing blow at the enemy, nor have
his troops lost their wont«ni dash through
the haruameiits of a prolonged siege.
General Hunter, who was one of the Sir
dar's right-hand men in the Soudan,
proved the right man to lead the sortie.
The destruction of two big guns and the ;
capture of a Maxim was the severest
blow the Boers have received in the ope
rations at Ladysmith.
From the fact that the correspondent's
telegram reached Frere on Saturday night
describing the fighting on Friday, it is in
ferred that the investment of Ladysmlth
is not so strict as it was.
fiffnic was he*rd yesterday'" morning,
hut it was pi-ohably only a continuation
of the futile bombardment. News of the
beginning of a general advance from
Frere Is momentarily expected. The tres
tle bridge over the river has been fin-
ishfd and the only anxiety of the troops
is to hear the word of command to go
'1 t^ hard, stubborn fighting, which
there Is very likely to be.
A Ladysmith soldier who escaped at
ports that he saw no Boers
and believes large forces to be on the
upper Tugela and at Colenso. All Indlca
; oint to the faf-t that tht re hn
a weakening of the Boer forces around
Ladysmith.
From the wrutorn border we ar
without news that Gt-neral Mefhuen baa
fought a fourth engagement with the en
my. though there were reports from Pre
toria last night that fighting had com
menced on Saturday near Spytfonteln.
Continued on Second Page.
CARBONADO VICTIMS
NUMBER THIRTY-TWO
Twenty-Three Bodies Recovered and
Nine Are Still in the Mine.
CARBONADO, Wttk, Dec R-
Thlrty-two men were kl'.W-l tx
terday's explosion at th^ <"arbon
Hill coal mine. It was found to-day
more men than supposed hal
escaped through the upper por
tion? of the mine. This evening twenty
three bodies had li. or; taken out, and the
searchers are looking for nine others
that are known to have been covered
with caved-ln coal and fallen tim
bers . near the bottom of the mine.
Work was suspended this afternoon
on . account of the gas, but this Is
being cleared away by fans. Eight se
verely Injured men have been taken out
and cared for at their homes and the
hospital.
Following is the complete liv «>f the
men killed, the nine at the end being
th".^ whose bodies have not yet been
recovered :
LKONARD JOHNS'.;.
J II JD.VKS. ag.-l •»: !.av»s widow
lid a married daughter at Burnett:
had a son killed In th»- mine a few years
-
HENRY BOINX, aged 26. unmarried.
• MIKE KK'HINKE.
J' >HN MKLI.KN
WII.MAM T. WILSON, single man:
relatives reside In Ontario.
DAVID X. THOMAS; leeaves a widow
and two children.
BEN ZF.M.F.K JR., 19 years.
J<»HN HILL. 19 years.
HOWILL MKKKIUTH SR.. aged 64;
I wii v. and nine children.
WaTKIN JONKB
ANDREW GOCKT, aged 26; unmarrici;
leave? a moth- r
KVAN M. LKWIS.
J"SKPH LEE
RICH.\KI> DARE.
I -AN IEL DAY US
Al'Gl'ST HENIAI'T. 35 years «M;
unmarried; leaves an aged father and
mother.
MATT NYLAND.
JOHN T DEO 'NINK
T. J. EDWARDS, hea.l of the local
lodge of Knights of "Pythias.
J> ISBPB TIIoMAS.
STEPHEN KROMOGE, aged 42; leaves
a widow and son.
WILLIAM H. DAVIS.
REES J< >NES, fire Inspector.
MATT RIHILA.
PAUL CURTISS.
BRITISH LOSS OVER
SIX HUNDRED MEN
LONDON, Dec. 11. The War Office pub
lishes the following dispatch from Gen
eral Forestier-Walker at Cape Town :
Gatacre reports: Deeply regret to
inform you that I met with a serious re
verse in the attack on Stormberg. I was
misled as to the enemy's position by the
guides and found impracticable ground.
The casualties, so far as known at pres
ent, are:
SECOND BATTALION ROYAL
IRISH RIFLES.
Wounded Lieutenant Colonel Fager,
/V\-^jor Seaton, Captain Bell. Captain
Kelly. Lieutenant Stephens, Lieutenant
Marnardston.
SUFFOLK REGIMENT.
Wounded — Second Lieutenant May
r\etrd and twelve men. Mlsslng-Coptaln
\A/elr. Lieutenant Christie. Second Lieu
tenant Rodney and 290 men. %
SEUENTY-FOURTH FIELD BAT-
Severely wounded — Lieutenant Lewis
and three men. Slightly \A/ounded — Two
men
SE\/ENTY-SEY/ENTH FIEt-D BAT-
KlVed-One |gijnn«?r. U/ounded Major
F»^rr"!\/e»I.
NORTHUiV\BERLAND FUSIL-
/VMssing — /Vletjor Stevens, Captain
Fletcher, Captain ATlor-ley, Second Lieu
tenant \A7aKte. Second Lieutenant Coul
son. Lieutenant Radcllffe. /VMsslnjj -Three*
hundred and six non-commissioned offi
cers and men.
ROYAL BERKSHIRE REGIMENT.
Killed One private.
The remainder of my casualties will
fc>e wired as soon as ascertained.
ADAM POWELL.
JOHN FELTA.
BEN ZEDLER SR.
KM 11. A HANIAUT.
EVAN RICHARDS.
JACOB LANDE.
The injured are:
Andrew Kichlnke, burned slightly, taken
home.
Mike J. Kichlnke burned, in hospital.
Abe Kalunda. burned. In hospital.
David J. Lewis, very sick as result of
firedamp. ■ 1 * '•*.;
James Conway. burned, in hospital.
<*an<lido i .b» fractured as a re
sult of caving.
Mik^ Knish. badly burned about face
and body, bruised and nearly suff
by firedamp.
Pet»-r M.-rp. «R» l d <0 years, burned and
nearly suffocau-<i.
Early this morning Merp and Knlsh were
found In the fourth crosscut p
about. They were rendered uncoi.
by the explosion ami came to only when
better air was forced by the fan Into
that portion of the mm*». Knlsh can
:>• speak, his lungs havlr.g bven m-
Jured with firedamp
A Oil umui'M Inquest will be held to-mor
- .-. • determine the liability, tf any. f..r
the d> ■ ■ -ting from the explosion.
No one can more than theorize as to the
cause. It Is generally believed, however.
th;it lr molted from either a sudden con
tact with a b'Mly of gas in the old work
ings of the mine or some act of eu
ness on the part of one of the miners.
Dynamite has been freely used in blast
•-■ -.il. but it is claimed that no danger
arra< he? to its BM whon th«" fuse and
punk with which it |g limited are care
fully handled. The miners are striotly
ordered to light the punk In the passage
having fresh air to prevent any ex
plosion. Smoking is prohibited, but It U
possible the explosion was caused by torn*
miner lighting a matrh <>r opening his
safety (Manney lamp. Fire Inspector
Jones, who was killed, reported yesterday
morning that the mine was absolutely
free from gas. This report whs placed on
the bulletin board <>{ the mine at 7 ..
and also written In Ink in the mtn* -
book. Jones was an expert inspector and
the company will rely upon this statement
to prove that the mine was In good condi
tion when the miners entered It at 7
oclock yesterday morning. Foreman Da
via, who escaped, made a complete round
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TERY.
TERY.
EERS.
of the mine during tIM forenoon and w\*
coming out when the explosion occurred.
He failed to find ga* anywhere. claiming
the mine was unusually free from It.
Some of the bodies taken out to-dar
were horribly burned, charred and twist
ed. Shocking «!rht« have been witness**!
all day. Sorrowing relatives bewailed th«
fate of their loved ones. In the street* and
the morjrue. The hospital contains bent
and twist- forms of men who will not
recover for months. The Inn** of a: who
escaped were powerfully affected by flra
damp. »
The bodies were washed and made ready
for burial a* fast as they arrived at the
morgue.. They were then removed to th*
homes, where heart-rending scenes we-
again enacted. The funerals will be held
Tuesday and Wednesday from the Pres
byterian and Lutheran Churches. Nu
merous offers of help were received to
day by Superintendent Davies from other
coal mining towns. All were declined.
Thirty miners from Wilkeson came up
In their working clothes and Joined the
rescuing force.
The mine Is still In rharg" of the State
Mine laapectar. State I^bor Commis
sioner Adams arrived to-lay to look af
t-r th^ miners' latcrei Roger*
returned to Tacoma thN morning
spending Ih* night at Superintendent Da
residence. He did not confer wtta
the miners.
SEATTLE. Dec. 10.— Washington miners,
through the local union, have taken steps
to render the families of the vtctica and
those Injured in the Carbonado explosion
financial aid. AH labor unions in Western
WashlngUn will contribute to the fund.
CANADIANS MOVE FORWARD.
ORANGE RIVER. Dec. 3.-Half of th<»
men of the Canadian contingent have
gone forward. Like the Australian con
tingent, they- have been put to stiff work
since their arrival and have been building
sidings, erecting piat{orros and rendering
the usual routine service. They are la
excellent condition ami very zealous.
RIVEB GUNBOATS SENT.
LONDON. Dec 11. — Two •hallow
draft river gunboats are being prepared
at Chatham for service In South Africa.
Each will carry two 6-pounuers. «uic*
nrer» and four Maxim*2
THE SITUATION IN SOUTH AFRICA.
I of the several columns of the British forces under Generals Buller. In Natal. Gatarce 4
the Naa , • route and Mcthuen with the Klmberley relief column, with post- 4
Umm '' ■« them. The white and black populations of the several British provinces are also given i
CATACRE IS
FORCED TO
RETREAT
Continued From First Page.
where the Boers are Intrenched on a
rar>K> of umall hill* whi<*h line either aide
of th< ■
Of course It Is probable that the firing
which was heard and pave rise to this
rumor was part of the British reconnols
rance, la which the naval 4.7-lnch gun
was taken out beyond the outposts and
fired a few rounds of lyddite shells. The
bridge over lodder River has been com
pleted and is strong enough to " carry
trains.
Boer accounts asserts that there are
20,000 men on tho Cape Colony and Free
State frontier. but a moderate estimate
cf the array opposed to General Methuen
would place it at 15AK) men. we.l Intrench
ed. Close observers axe now asking
whether It may not be General Buller's
Intention that the advance from Frere
and Modder River shall take place simul
taneously.
SPYTFONTEIN BOMBARDED
WITH LYDDITE SHELLS
NEW YORK, Dec 11.— The Sun has tho
following from Moddcr lUvcr, Dec. 9: a
4.7 Inch pun from the cruiser Doris,
drawn by thirty-two oxen, started at
midnight and proceeded three miles
northward. A squadron of the Ninth
Lancers and a battery of horse artillery
Joined the naval force at 3:20 o"clock this
morning. Th< naval contingent consisted
of four companies of marines and fifty
eallors. under command of Captain John
K. Bear-croft of the cruiser Philomel.
They began to fire at th* enemy from a
ridge facing BpjrtfontdaJ They fired four
ten charges of lyddite at ranges varying
from CTOU to 72i»j yards. One shell fell on
a IJfK?r tent, which Immediately disap
peared. Everything In the Immediate vi
cinity was wrecked. Another of the mis-
File* dropped among a bunch of fifteen
horses, which were blown to atoms. It Is
not known whether there were any Boers
near the animals.
It is believed that the enemy did not
sec the gun which did the damage. It
having been painted the color of the
khakt uniforms worn by the men. and
smokeless powder Ing used. There was
scarcely a flash when the gun was dis
charged. The bluejackets have chalked
th« name "Joey Chamberlain" near the
muzzle of their nun.
General Wauchopeo and the remainder
of th. Highland Bridage arrived here yeß
terday. Strong redoubts and trenches
have been erected around the camp here.
Modder River Is destined to be a per
manent stronghold. Th<> houses on the
north bank of the river have been blown
up and their sites cleared.
There are but few lioers at Jacob^dal.
but large forces of the enemy are at Spy
fonteln. to the east of Modder River Sta
tion, and at Scliloto kop, east of Spyfon
teiu. "*;*.
The first lyddite shell burst over a hieh
point in the r.in«re of hills. The area of
destruction was enormous. The whole
ground appeared to be churned Into red
dust. The Boers liurriedly left an em
placement which they were prepariruf for
a forty-pounder. The emplacement was
apparently destroyed.
CHARGE OF BRITONS
AT LOMBARDS KOP
[.Special CaMe to the New York Herald. - Copy
rlsht. ISO), by Jimei Gordon Ilennett. He
publication of tills dispatch li prohibited.
All right* n-M-rvc«l la the. United States and
On*at Britain ]
LONDON. 1 ■ ■'. 11.— - Daily Tele
graph publishes these dispatches from its
epeeial correspondent:
LADYSMITH. Friday, Dec S (via Frere
Camp. Dec. 9).— The most brilliant piece
of work that has been done during the
slprb was aocompllthed at an early, hour
this morning. A column of Light Horse
Natal Volunteers, supported by British
regular cavalry, went out last nlclit under
command of General Sir Archibald
Hunter. Defore dawn broke they at
tacked the guns on the hill near Lom
bards Kop. carried the position, blew up
the Boer guns, including a 6-lnch Oreoaot
piece and one howitzer, and captured a
Maxlm-Nordenfeldt quick-lire puns.
TUe sall&nt little force left town beforf
I \r>ck last night and took up a posi
tion near I ( Lombards Kop. At
about 2 o'clock this (Friday) morning
the advance b. gan. The troops got past
a Boer picket In the darkness and were
charging several hundred yards up the
hill when the picket awoke and the
eentry hailed "\Vle Goat Daar" (Who
rocs there?) Getting no reply he fired his
rifle and th«n ran off shouting "'vVlllein,
Hans. Marteens." (Flee— the English are
upon you.")
The Boers round the guns fired several
volleys at the advancing troops and then
fled dismayed down the opposite side of
the hill. Our men seized the guns with
out opposition. Then engineers, men of
No. 100 Mountain Battery, blew up the
heavy guns with guncotton and carried
off the Maxlra-Nordenfeldt.
Th- Boers had bum a splendid em
•nent on top of the hill, but I ■
I -re our men like babbits, lcav
•;ing. even their private .
I th*rt>. One of these epistle* said
that th«y had bon:l>arrl»»<l Ladysmith for
a n:or*.h and nine days, but that the
• k.-' were going about uncon
'.lf. and If the town was to be taken
the Boen» must flo It at terrible loss of
Our troops brought away the breech
lock of the Long Tom, together with the
rammer, sponges, sights, friction tubes
and other fittings of the weapon?. All
the guns on the hill are quite destroyed
COINAGE OF GOLD GREATEST
IN THIS COUNTRY'S HISTORY
Director of the Mint Roberts Reports More Bullion
Operated Upon Than in Any
Previous Year.
WASHINGTON. I><\ 10 —Mr. Roberts,
the director of the Mint, in his annual
report i
The mints and assay offices operated upon
more bullion In the aggregate,* and a greater
coinage was executed, during; the last fiscal
year than In any previous year. . Original de
posits of cold were slightly l<"ss than during
the previous year, amounting in value to $143,
457,190. against 1147.6i3.194 in the lineal year
ended June 20, I'9B. Domestic deposits were
the larK 1 in our history, amounting to $75.-
U2.457. against m.m.U» in the preceding year;
but there was a falling oft In foreign coin and
bars.
The coinage of gold vii the greatest In our
history, amounting to $105.177.1V>. againtt $54.
6 M.MS In the preceding year, and might have
been considerably larger if the capacity of the
mints had been greater. The stock of gold
bullion in hand increased from $K.€SS,6S2 on
July 1. IN, to 1U9.551.772 on July 1. ISW.
The coinage of silver dollars from bullion'
purchased under the art (if July 14, 1890, was
J15.204.70!>. against J10.002.750 in the preceding
year. nnd the coinage of subsidiary silver wan
*».«CS.S77 €5, against J«.««.R04.
The mints have ban hard pressed throughout
the year to meet the demand* upon them. th
institutions at .>>*• Orle.-uis and Philadelphia
running- overtime for the greater part of the
year. The pressure at the San Francisco mint
was not So great because the stock of silver
bullion at that institution was exhausted in
August. IS9S. An arrangement was made with
the house of J. * W. Sellgman & Co., New
York, by which 84^5.613 fine ounces of silver
at Philadelphia were exchanged for an equal
amount delivered to the mint at San FYandseo.
This exchange, enabled the latter institution
to coin the supply of subsidiary silver required
on tL. Pacitic Coast and to a** Ist In the coin
age of the required number of silver dollars.
This mint alt) converted Into coin the full
amount of Its very large receipt* of gold bul
lion. Its gold output bolng J-S,tiS,OOO. ..-. '• .
The mint facilities of the country will be
tax*] to their utmost until the, new building*
under construction at Philadelphia and Denver
are completed i-.ti 1 equipped. The stock of ({Old
bullion. is accumulating, and with the present
prt-Mure for- BUtmlOlary coinage cannot be re
duced. Fortunately the large cash balance In
the treasury permits at this time an unusual
stock of bullion without embarrassment, but
Congress at the approaching session should
m*ke an appropriation • for the equipment of
the new Philadelphia mint. The huildlnc Is
well advanced toward completion, and as the
power piaht-ond much nt the- machinery win
require considerable ■ time for "construction. tha
contracts for the same should be. let during the,
("mint year. ■ ' .. ,£'}-■'
.When the present charged for refining silver
were adopted the, power was applicable to the
conditions then existing, and the Government
refineries desired a share of the business. But
the cost of treatment has declined, and the
charg.es of private concern* have been reduced,
while the Government charges have rtmained
fixed. The effect has naturally been tn send the
silver bullion to private refineries. While there
Is no roM reason why the Government should
enter Into unnecessary competition with pri
vate concerns. It is desirable that so long as it
conducts refineries it should do so In an
economical andibuslnens-llke manner. •
- The- report mißK**ts that the charces
for reflninjr silver bullion be bo reduced
us to put the Government •on an _ equal
footing with private concerns in the busi
ness or to mi. an extent as will •brine
the moderate amount of silver bullion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
! now and utterly useless for offensive or
defensive purposes.
The whole operation, counting from the
moment at whl< h the order to charge was
given, was carried out in three-quarters
of an hour, with a loss on our side of
Bfcven men wounded.
This magnificent piece of work hn:- <-vi
dently filled the Boers with dismay, as
their guns on Mount Bulwan huve prac
tically been silent all day. The to
of the attack cannot fail to have un im
i mensa effect ui>on the morale of the
Boers.
At daybreak a sjnart skirmish took
place between the Eighth Hussars and
i the Fifth Lancers and the enemy to the
' northwest of Ladysmith, near Pepworth
Hill. Our cavalry had been *oserlng an
; attack on the guns during the night m 1
the Boers thought that all our troops
were engaged at Lombards Kop. They
therefore tried to get near the town, but
the movement was checked in capital
style by the cavalry and our Infantry
on a long hill. The lighting was, over
at about 6 o'clock. Our total loss for
the morning's work was four killed and
1 seventeen wounded.
WHITE THANKS HIS MEN
FOR BRILLIANT WORK
LONDON. Dec. IL— A special dispatch
they require for the treatment of gold
deposits. Tho "total amount of silver bul
lion refined In the United States last year
was in round numbers 91.0UU.000 ounces.
The superintendent of the New York
assay office, the report says, has called
attention to the fact that, although
about $30,000,000 In United Statw? coin was
exported last year, no bars were taken
for export, and suggests that the "export
charge" of one-tenth of 1 per cent, which
Is exacted.'. ls operating to our disadvan
tage. There is no object, says Director
Roberts, in forcing the public to take our
coin out of the country- by making It
more expensive to take bars. We had
better furnish the raw material than the
manufactured article. These bars have
to be shipped from New York to Phila
delphia and worked into coin at some
waste and considerable expense to replace
the coin exported, while the bars would
have served every purpose for export.
The export charge was nut on bars sev
eral years age, when gold exports were
heavy, and some means to discourage
them was sought. When the current coin
is abraded exporters will pay a slight pre
mium to get bars, which are full weight,
but our current gold Is now largely new
and on the average close to standard and
exporters are preferring to shin it rather
than to pay the bar charge. The follow
ing data Is given:
Th* total gold import* of the year amounted
to 5&5.978.W2. and exports to »:<7.r.:.'\773. The to
tal Silver imports were $31,110,578. commercial
value, and sliver exports $56,651,335. The stock
of bullion in the mints and assay offices on
July 1. IMB, was as follows:
Gold. J119.55J.77J: silver (cost). $55,575,898. ;
During the year 11.1W.W1 In worn and tin
current gold coins were received, with a loss of
nO.Mt, and $>.r.SS.<i76 of worn and uncurrent
pubsldlary sliver was recolned. with a loss of
J455.7V7. The seignoragc* on the coinage of sli
ver dollars during the year amounted to $0,520,
145: on subsidiary silver. fSG,S3S; on nickels and
pennies, M9C.18 The coinage of all nations.
Including recoinagea. in IS9S was:
Gold. CTT.MS: silver. J149.252.935.
The Government ha« now. practically no bul
lion available for the coinage of subsidiary cur
rency. It has bullion purchased for the coinage
of silver dollars, but this cannot bo used with
out authority from Congress. The needs of the
country for fractional currency are increasing,
and legislative authority for new coinage la
imperatively demanded.
In the report of thi* bureau a. year airo an ef
fort wh" maidc (a tabulate the prlnciiml stocks
of gold held for monetary uhc in the world at
the close of the years I<*h; and IH7. This table.
oorreeted by return* from additional banks
and the ellmlnntion of some err"rs. shows the
stocks of gold In slßht In Europe to have ln-
I by ulmut ;V> per cent from l»«-cembeT
Tbe stocks, Instead of continuing to
increase, showed a diminution. At first
thought the reduction Is. likely t.-> cause sur
prise, for with the onormous gold production
of the year, amounting- to $^?.o<Xl.o<y>, the stocks
of that m.tHl might be expected to everywh'-r*
augment. When it is conslde^red. however, that
th. Inited States t.Kik above J3OH.MV>.O»n of gold
that India's net Imports were over %VK
and that the Industrial consumption ..f
the w.^-ld waf JC'iOO.OOO. It will be underM 1
that no general Increase In Euroi^tin stocka
oooli oeew laal raar, nut it still remains to
be explained where the disappearing: gold of
Burope went to.
The total reduction shown by the forerolng
table Is I\y>.'*<o.(*-o. and the Russian stock
shows a reduction of 51C8.000.000 Rut M. de
Wltte, the Russian Minister of Finance, states
in bis annuxJ report that "during the year 189S
I from Ladysmlth by way of Frere, ad
dressed to the War Office, gives an ac
count cabled on Saturday of the capture
lof the Boer guns near Pepworth Hill. It
] says:
"General Brockelhurst, with cavalry
and artilery. reconnoltered In the direc
■ tlon of Pepworth Hill with a view of cut
ting off the Boer retreat, but he found the
position Btill strongly held. The Eight
eenth Hussars, pushing forward, drew a
furious fire and suffered heavily, losing
four killed and seventeen wounded.
"The Boers fired incessantly as the
British slowly retired. At a special pa
rade afterward General White thanked
General Hunter and all engaged, espe
cially Major Henderson, for brilliant
work."
METHUEN RECEIVING
HIS REINFORCEMENTS
LONDON. Dec. 11.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Cape
Town, dated Saturday night:
"The position of the enemy In Storm
berg district last night wu the follow
ing: At Stormberg six laagers: at Dor
drecht, !*)0 men; twenty-three rnlles south
of SterkFtrrom. 22" mm.
"Major Elliott reports that Dalgotty,
with a force, has g*M toward Dordrecht
to co-opeiate with datacre.
"The railway bridge at M odder River
was complotf-d December 1. Methuen re
; 'its he lias made a demonstration up
the line of he railway at daylight to-day
with artillery. The enemy did not re
spond. Methuen Is receiving the re
mainder of his reinforcements and sup
plles. He has established detached posts
on his line of communication.
' Mafeking reports all well on Novem
ber 30."
Killed in a Wreck.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 10— A special to the
Tribune from Cheyenne. Wyo.. says: A
freight wreck occurred on the Union Pa
cific road last night twelve miles west of
Cheyenne. In which Fireman Benjamin
Stocking wn« instantly killed and Engi
neer Davis probably fatally Injured.
Home for Consumptives.
DENVER. Dec. in.— The National Jew
ish Home for Consumptives, located In
this city, was formally dedicated to-day.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Hromo Quinine Tablets. All
drurrglsts refund the money if It falls to curs.
K. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
than ha« bean an Increase In the general
amount of gold In the country."
The reduction shown in the stock of tli» Im
perial Bank has been brought about by the
monetary reform. The enormous stock- In the
bank at the close of 1897 vai provided for
the purpose of bringing the paper currency of
the country to par with gold and establishing
Its tnterchangahllity. During the past year
the bank baa been paying out gold freely and
gold coin, lure absent from the circulation of
the empire, has a Rain entered Into Common use.
The Bank of England and Imperial Bank of
Germany both show a loss of gold during the
year, but the record of the exports and im
ports of Great Britain and Herman show that
each of these countries received about $50,000.
000 more gold than It parted with. Trade was
very active In both countries and apparently
drew on the reserve, stocks of the two leading
banking institutions. The money stock of
those countries was. In a larger degree than
the year previous. In movement among people
and In the local banks. It Is of special Inter
est that th«? mock of uncovered bank notes
In Germany was 124,000.000 greater on Decem
ber 31 ISSS. than on December 31, 1897. and was
$36,000,000 greater in France. That Illustrates
the elasticity which enables the monetary sys
tem* of those countries to *a*e off such an
extraordinary demand for goli as the united
States made on the world last yar. The Aus
tro Hungarian Bank had $17.000.00\> more of un
covered paper out at the end of the year than
at the beginning. The three countries had out
about $78,000,000 more of uncovered bank notes
than the year before, a fact which doubtless
contributes much to ease the financial situa
tion. The ability to thus enlarge the stock of
paper currency Is valuable to a country In the
event of any sudden call upon It for heavy pay
ments In gold. The issue acts as a buffer be
tween such demand and the commercial Inter
ests of the country, protecting the. latter from
sudden and sharp pressure. It is a legitimate
u>-r of credit by the country, through the agency
of banks of issue, to meet a passing demand.
The most notable change In gold stocks during
Urn year was In the United States. The stock
Of coin In the country. Including bullion in the
mints on January 1. IS>9B. was estimated at
$7U.245.!C3. and on January L ISM. at $?45..98.
708. a gain of $200,002,935. The gain appears
In the following items:
Stock January 1. !v! v '\ $74-.245.9. net Imports
of United Bute* coin. $33,082,718: coinage during
the year. 177.1H.1H; gain in bullion In mints.
$34,770,430; total. $9r,1.084.559. • • ■■
United States coin melted at the mints, $1,330.
741: taken by paymasters to Cuba. Porto Rico
and Philippines. $2,455,330; used In manufac
tures $l.M0.0o0: total, $5,288,071. Stock January
i. 1*99. $945,738,788.
On the Increased stocks shown by the abov*
statement. $1n9.632,540 appears In the reports of
national banks and the Government treasury.
The holdings of the former must be taken for
December IS, 1597 and December 1. 1898. their
nearest statements to January 1 being on those
dates. They »how holdings as below:
Treasury. January 1. 1898. $197,767,142: national
! banks. December 15. 1897. $157.605.M4; total.
I $3*5.375. 786.
Treasury. January 1. IS9B. $251,119.R51: national
hanks. December 1. 1898, $283,888,745:' total.
IMS.(M(t,<M; gain In treasury and national
banks. $159.632. M".
1 The difference between this and the aggregate
gain estimated for the country. $40,919,995. la
' considered to have gone Into State and private
' banks and general circulation.
The production of gold In all of the Important
gold fields of the world Is Increasing rapidly,
and with prospects of continued gains for years
to come. The yield in the world In the calendar
year 1838 wan $357,000.0C0. against $338,000,000 In
1697. The production In Australia to date In
1899 has shown a gain of 25 per cent over the
corresponding months of 188S, which Indicates
a probable gain fur the full year of $16,000,000.
The United States. Canada and Mexico will
doubtless Increase their production $18,000,000.
In South Africa the production In the first half
of the year was 35 per cent above the yield of
the same months In IS9*. and If the Industry had
been undisturbed the gain for the year would
probably hn\-*> been above $20, 0^0.000. A* all these
principal districts are now In condition to pro
duce, at a higher rate than at the opening of
the present year, and all are preparing for
larger yields, It Is not Improbable that when
operations • are fully resumed In South Africa,
the world's output will quickly pass $400,000,000
per annum. The world's stock of coin Is now
Wing Increased more rapidly and by a higher
annual percentage to the existing stock than i
during the period from ISSO to 1860. when the I
great output of gold from California and Aus
tralia, startled the economists of all countries
and gave the world a depreciating standard of
value. The effect of this new flood of standard
money upon the markets, the Industries, tht
earnings of those who work for wages, and all
of the various relations of the people : In our
present highly organized society, will be a
most Interesting study. It will Inevitably be a. A
potent factor In affairs. J
CAUSTIC COMMENT
ON CUPID'S WILES
F^ev. Father Phillips Strides a
Blow at the San Rafael
Marriage Bureau.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 10.— Rev. Father Phillips, pastor of St. Raphael's <
Catholic Church, has net his priestly foot on the practice of Catholics
marrying outside their own parishes. Incidentally the priest has registered
an emphatic protest against secret marriages generally, these two topics
forming the burden of separate sermons to-day, which have excitod lively in
terest even in San Rafael, and will doubtless create a flurry in San Francisco j
and Oakland.
For several years this city has been the Mecca of persons rtesirlous of I
having tho nuptial knot tied with as much secrecy as possible, and the fact j
that the newspapers have never failed to print all about such unions when i
the contracting parties were of any prominence in the social or business world
does not seem to have interfered in the slightest with the county exchequer
as tallied by County Clerk Graham. Not a few of these people have been
married by Rev. Father Phillips during his pastorate, while Rev. Father i
Lagan used to deem It a dull day when he failed to officiate at a marriage I
or two. But this beatific state of things has received a rude shock by the !
decidedly antagonistic attitude of Father Phillips, and hereafter when the
priest officiates at the nuptials of other than his own parishioners the path- ■
way to hia action will have been plentifully decorated with red tape.
"I desire to give notics that I will marry no more couples from outside '
parishes." said the priest, "unless they present dispensations granted by the ;
Archbishop. Heretofore I have received dispensations by telephone or tele- '<
graph, but I do not think that the proper method of conducting such affairs.
Moreover. I must have three days' notice in all cases.
"People often leave their own parishes to get married and come to San
Rafael because they harbor petty spite against the priest of their own
parish, or because they want to keep the marriage a secret. The marital
bond establishes a holy relation anu\ln my opinion, secrecy can b« desired
for no good reason.
"There is nothing in It for the priest, anyway, because all fees have to be
returned to the parish from which the contracting parties come, and offlclat- i
Ing at such marriages at a moment's notice frequently becomes' a nulßance." !
WILL BE A DULL
WEEK IN SENATE
Finance Committee to
Be Reorganized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— The week
does not promise to be a busy one In the
Senate, the Indications being for routine
business and short sessions Inside the
chamber with much preparation for fu
ture work in the committee-rooms. Sena
tor Mason will open the week with a
speech on his resolution declaring the
sympathy of this country' with the Boers
In their war with Great Britain. There
may "be other brief speeches upon this
and other questions, though there is a
general disposition on the part of the
Senators to postpone speechmaklng until
after the holidays.
The Republican Senators generally fe.-l
that the most Important work for th«
present is to secure the reorganisation of
the committees, especially the Finance
Committee, as preliminary to other work.
An effort will be made to complete the
reorganization during the present week.
The Finance Committee may meet on
Tuesday for preliminary consideration of
the finance bill, but this is not yet decided
upon. The expectation now is that this
bill will not be taken up in the Senate un
til after the Christmas holidays.
The Committee on Foreign Relations
will take up the reciprocity treaties on
Wednesday. The Committee on Privi
leges and felections will consider the testa
over Senatorial F^ats In a desultory way,
but the real work on these will not begin
until Saturday. when opposing counsel will
be heard In the Quay case.
BEFORE THE HOUSE.
Entire Week to Be Devoted to Debate
on Currency Bill.
WABHTXGTON. Dec. 10— The House
will devote the week entirely to the
financial debate on the currency bill. T'n
der the terms of the special order adopted
2 ; . II
| The Sunday Call's h
\ : GREAT CHRISTMAS 1 1
l\ ISSUE.... I
3 Out December 17. \ \
, j * AN INNOVATION IN \ I
A CHARACTER AND QUALITY. &
|H Note the Great Features : jjjjj
3 ▼ KITCHELL'S MARVELOUS MADONNA. V :
I A composite photograph of the famous beauty types j '
i of the Madonna. The most strikingly beautiful pic- I
ture of the age. !
j MY FIRST LIE AND HOW I GOT OUT OF IT, by j
; Mark Twain. i
I THE LEAGUE OF TEN, by Madge Morris. Wagner. J
| A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Ouida. ;
j THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS. by Hester M. Stowe. \
i FOUND IN THE SNOW, by Mary E. Wilkins. a
A CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS A
Em CAME, by Major Jose Ramon Pico. £&
li THE RECORD OF MY "WANDER-YEAR," by Father ffl
Yorke. . ' Hr
CHRISTMAS OF THE VET- THE FUGITIVE'S CHRIST-
! . ERANS. MAS.
CHRISTMAS AT THE FAR- STORY OF A HAUNTED
ALLONES. , " : HOUSE.
THE COUNTRY CHOIR. \ CHRISTMAS AT MANILA.
CHILDREN'S GAMES FOR CHRISTMAS.
Neither expense nor time has been spared, and
*5* the Sunday Call. December 17. will be the <?>
jfTo^^^ roost artistic and Interesting Christ- - i 2?'M
BJJjt/r^i* mas Issue In America. =£s^L^iff(f
■ . T~
1 [CHRISTMAS GIFTS
1* at CROCKER'S
jB ARTISTIC CALENDARS
*Jf WEDGEWOOD WARE .* VIENNA NOVELTIES
' STYLISH CORRESPONDENCE PAPERS
%jT FINE LEATHER GOODS
51 1 * CROCKER S *
;*£ 227-229 POST ST. . 215-219 BUSH IT.
on Friday the general debate will open !
to-morrow Immediately after the reading i
of the Journal and continue daily from
noon until 5 o'clock Friday. On Saturday
the bill will be read paragraph by para
graph for amendment under the nve-mln
ut ?n ru d e '» The vote wlu not be ttlken
until the following Monday. The debate
will probably cover a wide range. Includ
ing a general rethrashlng of the campaign
Issues of l»90 and there may be some
stormy Incidents.
The Republicans are arrayed solidly for
the bill, but many of them who have
never advocated the gold standard doubt
less will ha\e to take the floor to explain
their change of position.
On the Democratic side some of the
members am reported as favoring the
bill, but there has been no canvass made
as yet and It remains to be seen how
many of them will join the Republicans
upon this measure. nnn«MllllllM Over
street of Indiana, who will have charge <>f
the bill on the floor, will make the open-
Ing argument In its support to-morrow.
HITCHCOCK OR ALLEN
WILL BE CHOSEN
Contest for Vacant Senatorship in
Nebraska Grows Hotter, Thomp-
son Being Out of It.
OMAHA. Dec. 10.— The contest for the
Benators»hlo. left vacant by the death of
M. L. Hayward. grows hotter every hour.
That either ex-Senator \V. V. Allen
A. Hltchrock. editor of the Omaha World-
Herald, will be the successful com- ■
is now generally acceded, as the
dnry of \\*. H. Thompson vu armour . . l
too late to be ftf any mnmcnt.
Senator Allen, who spent all day Satur
day and part of the night In Omaha look-
Ing after his Interests. say» he Is In the
fight to may. The Douglas County Ja< k
sonlan Club and the County Central com
mittee of the Silver Republicans, at •
inKf last night. «»aoh adopted resolutions
In Hitchcock* favor, while th>-
Cooper Populist t'lub. after r. long and
stormy session lasting till late this morn-
Ing, adopted resolutions favoring All. n
An appointment I* not looked fur before
the middle of th«r w-.-k
Calendars and Christmas Cards now
ready for Eastern mall. Sanborn Vail &
Co. •
Bain Does Damage.
LAYTONVir.LK. Dec 10.-The rainfall
for the past twenty-four hours excetdf
anything In former year«. Numerous
washouts of highways are reported from
the north and south. Tw-nty largo
pouches of United Htates mail from Han
Francisco and the East, destined for Eu
reka and way points, are htld at Law
heads pending the abatement of th©
etorm. At Phtlllpsvllle the entlr« road
bed Is obliterated.
Its Up to You!
Make It a bottle of Evans •
ADVERTISEMENT*
DOLLS
FREE
...AT TUB...
"NO -PERCENTAGE," .
TitaeAw December
luesflay, 12th.
Our Christmas Gift Day.
"We present free to our patrons on the
above date an eirsar.t dot!. 13 tnchea long,
real ki<l body, genuine bttc bead, with
every purchase of We or over.
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW.
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
ffOH>mi<i G»
L V^949-95I MARKfeTSl
' M *""" " «MCX IO. MALI MM — ■•
The Largest Cut-Rate Drug Store on
in? Pacific Coast
l^tjjtoli I will ininraxteu
iggfetil&fJHk that my Rheumatism
££&&3L%&&1 Cure will relier* lam-
£«/ baft", sciatica and all
in r ■■■'■ rheumatic pains la
•9 m^t&fVLW two or three bourn,
v '^•Hlr CE< * cure * n a ' ew
\j£fkM * 7 " MUNTON.
/pfc^ *^By At all drsffsrists.
(CVjA*ZJ&fP^ 2r>r • Tia l- Guide
T&f^2B2a»W/ to Health and nudl-
I Wr cal advice free.
1 I » 1505 Arch at.. PhDa.
[all AILMENTS of MEN CURED,
DR. METERS A CO. hare th» largest prae- H
tlce and beat equipped mcrllcal Initltjtlnn ||
on the Pacific Coast. Eatabllshed 17 ye.irv H
PR1VATK U«)')K and advice free at Otto*
or by mall. All litters confidential. »|
731 Market St., San Francisco, gj
FOR SALeT
1740 men* of cbotc* rraln land In Cola**
County, (We mile* past of Arbuckl*. Th« lanj
U all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
Independent levees from flood waters. Th-»
yield for tb« past seaaon was over li sacks of
, wheat per acre,
lmprcvrtnenta conaist of a fin* two-atory
dwelling with hot and ml", water through jut.
tnree lanr« barns anu Trellt.
The land la assessed for 161,000. The Improve,
menta are Insured for S12.300.
For further Information apply to
J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager,
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST >
COMPANY. i
Montgomery and California Sts., San Francisco.
- i The luxury, comfort, convenience*. < >
i cuisine and moderate* chargta tiav* , ,
i > cr.eu the , ,
! PALACE and |
♦ GRAND
♦ T
♦ hoteta a reputation that Is known wh*r. ♦
i ever the Encllih lanruase Is isoken. *
ii Connected by a covered passaxeway— •
•ver the En«llah lanyuaie la »»• Hen. i
Connected by a corrred paaaajieway— , ,
n 1400 rooms— 900 with bath*. I
, JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. J
£$£1^ VITALIS
THE NEW
i.«n.| &£*.%*. 4U II CDC HP II
trw ioth D«y. •>>• 7 nun it
VITALIS t«i'*i V mho., REMEDY ••
RKSl'LT*. llquiekljAiar*lTr»mirtn5«rTaa«n«u. i- •-' IMI
I I'rf «.u«,W l> «♦»»«* til •*'<-\%<4 "It «b»i ' or ■-»•«•» ■
I Imt.irreston*. limiii I . «« TiUlity, Pawtr » faillnf Kttnary.
W^rits In««nl!v»m<v>n.«m|'«;..n Cur.i «b*n>!loth«r*(il!.
In>fit on having VlTAI.I*. .i . oth»r. Can '- runrl la •• «
puck.t. lly m.l ♦!.«<> i »r pitkinorih for 4&.OO • IS I
« uar«nt»« •• I «r» «r B»r«»4 Ik %.m»j. rirrnlar Ttf .»!'»•««
C'ALI'Mirr l(t:iO.Mtll,.rWn«l. I'MriMK
SulJ in S«a fruulKo *»» O«ilia< by th« Owl Uru4 to
[' DB.PIERCES" 1 ' '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.L1VER.HJNCS;
COKE! COKE!
P. A M f ■' -V \1.I».
Wh (I- rvaler an<l fhipp*r et Ccke.
OFFICE »3 FOLtiOM ST. .-
rtJPP nflWII Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL shafts
WMI U IIUIIIL.se. Overcoats an4
Valises checked f r««.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA HITTERS. TUB
*O great Mexican remedy; gives health an I
Btrength to sexual organs. Depot. C3 Market. •
WINTER RESORTS. !_,«,
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
The greatest of health resorts. Cures' all tils
when others fail. Intending visitors may p r .-
cur« special round trip tickets, entitling them to
rebate of |2 40. For particulars apply to
_. f/ W. ELY. City Agent.
1 (M Market at.. Baa Fnmdioo.ROSSER'S IDENTITY IS
NOW FULLY ESTABLISHED
the Second Victim of the Slayer ol Hildebrand,
Still in a Critical Condition, but
May Recover.
th»r«n«^Lf^ nOnt and censure »re r.ow heard on every hand for the Jury
L, , ™ i °. SSOr ' lh * Tennps soe volunteer, to escape the law's punish
ment, ir.c laxity In the administration of justice by corrupt juries is the
theme of many a boiling invective.
vrtT-Iv rt T-IV h< \ rolat ' v '» of Honry Hildebrcrd the story of the assault In New
*,™ ? " ro ; j Kht nothing but fresh sorrow, and the wounds which time had
almost healed are again opened. The widow of Henry Hildcbrand. his
«««#*??!!. * isU ' r won ' e^W-fitricken yesterday. The following state-
S»«S a,*? Hi!Jrlir3^d. the Bister of the young man who was fo foully
murdered i n the Spreckcls Market. Is addr.-sscd to the court and Jury that
winked at Justice. It Is as follows:
To the Court art.l Jury of th* Rotser Cafe: No doubt the above mentioned are more
Ji, *° * r ' hy thr SunJa >" I*r*rs that the murderer. Walter Itosser. who to
r.^artly murdered my brother. Henry Hlldebrand. without the least provocation. Is
«-*i coatlnu!nß his deadly work.
Had they convicted nnd punished him a* he deserved to be he would not have
had the <-.pj.ortur.lty to try and kill another man.
I Sincerely hope that Mr. Flater will recover, but If otherwise I tru«t that an honor
afc.e <vmrt and jury of New York will irlve his murderer his Just punishment, which he.
railed to receive here In San Francisco by the court and Jury, who had the strongest
•naence to conMct aim. but failed to do so. LILLIAN HILDEBRAND.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.-A dispatch
to the Herald from Efuntnvllle.
Ala., received to-night, gives con
firmation of the story that Rosser
Is the name man who killed Henry
Hildobrr-nd In San FranriFco lu-«t
yrar. The prisoner, who shot and per
haps fatally wounded Fred Slater In Mad
• lson Square Garden Just at th«» conclusion
of the Fix-day bicycle ra<e Saturday
night, was arraigned before Magistrate
Maya in Jefferson Market Police Court
this morning. I>r. Wynkoop of ltellevue
Hospital reported FKat«»t.to be in a critical
condition, though comparatively frt*e from
■ pain.
Although he tried to keep his pa*t in
th© background and even assured his
counsel. Mark Alter, th.it he had never
before been In trouble, it Is known that
Rosscr already has one life charged to
his account. While a member of the Tir^t
Tennessee Regiment, which was on its
may to tho Philippines, Rosrer, In San
Francisco In September. IS9S. killed Henry
Illldebrand, a clerk in the Spreclielu Mar
ket.
Rower's behavior at the time was «imi
lar to that he exhibited this morning al
ter hi* arrest. He wept and talked of his
deep feeling of disgrace and of his fln«»
:._-:;!!> connection. Just a year ago iie
threatened to commit suicide., but only
succeeded in convincing the police of Ills'
<lc*penue character.
Seidom has a tragedy In real life been
enacted with more sensational surrour.d
l".r*> than those that accompanied the
Fhootlng of Slater by Rosser. The men
were strangers to each other and. by the
merest chance^ were thrown together in
the great throng that filled Madison
Square harden, eager to witness the fin
ish of the great Fix-day bicycle r.ice. The
two men J«lr.«-d In the enthusiasm of the
'hour and chwrnl the winners as they rkw
cround <n the ihial etruggle. Suddenly an
altercatian arose between the two over
.-v Finall wager. Rosscr advanced :hr«.»»t
«nir.gly upon Slater, drawing a revolver
from his r.lp jtocket.
Th latter wan apprised of his danger by
a phoui of wiirning. and started to grap
)>'e with his assailant. There was a Hash
.-in-; a report, and Slawr fell, uith hi*
head pillowed In the lap of a young
woman who had been a spectator vi t'le
• f-cene.
So great was :h« uproar in the garden
m the time that fow know that a. tragedy
was b»«ing enacted. The starter of th^
races was using his pistol with blank cart
ridges, and the shot lired by Rosser v.as
RAVENSCOURT
DRIFTS ASHORE
British Bark Again in
Trouble.
Ejm" elaJ Pt»p»tch to The OUt
PORT TOWNSEXD, Dec 10.— After
having serious experiences at Panama
with 3'ollow fever, the British bark I^
venscourt arrived h«-re a few days ago.
When she sailed from Panama, germs of
the drr>adeU disease wore lurking in the
vessel and several of the crew were again
Btrtcken down, one of them dying, when
the v«3.«cl was thirty days out.
Upon her arrival hern Dr. Foster, Unit
ed States quarantine officer, ordered -the
vessel Into quarantine at Diamond Point
Btottotw Biter ix'ir.g towed to tho station
and raoorvU .it the Government buoy,
where she w;ls discharging ballast, pre
-------- a heavy c^lo
rane up. The buoy brlns UKborod to a
70^-j^und weight close t«j shcro. and Ka
vo.nsoourt b.-lutf a 1373-ton vessel, .ie be
gan to droij. Captain Scott let go both
anchors, but before they taught. th*> Ra
ven*court's stern struck tho beach, which
is quite rx>ck>*. Ev«-ry t-ffurt was mudo to
wcure a tug. when she started Ui iirac,
hut none could be had and an appeal was
neat to the United States revenue cut
t»-rs anchored at Seattle, but th« nlglit
being Ktonny and dark, tt>ert» wrts no re
rp iii>c This morning a tug w««nt to the
t-cene of the disaster and succeeded in
to «-l::g her from lior position on the
beach. If tho tidi* had been high when
*he went ashore she would have been a
total loss.
REPUBLICAN POLICY
ANENT THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK. Dec 10— "v^orld to
morrow will publish an Interview with
Senator William P. Frye, president pro
tern of The United States Senate. In re
ply to the question why it was neces
sary to take over the sovereignty of th©
whole Philippine archipelago, he said:
Commerce, they were of the utmost Impor
tance to our country, located as they were at
the very ttirrnhoH of the Orient, the Importa
tion la»t year amounting to fl.U)0.00O.O3O, with
en «0' -vii' '■'..!• civilization which will In a tew
year*, by tncTea«la»- tholr ncce>*ltles. double It.
TLen. too. th* cxlatlnir condition! in the
inland afforded a powerful argument In favor
of our action. Aatulnaldo, with his seventeen
chieftain*, then exile* at Hl:iK«p<>re. went to
11 ■ :.rk ■• r tn nail with Admiral I >« w»y for Ma
nila. He havlnic already galled they were taken
over In one of our re\ - enue cutters, received
i>- ::.« from the admiral, ralred an army, fought
•• j *-co* mv 11 y the common enemy, were of as
elutanc^ to v*. and while no promise* were
r. ••■:«- th^tn. orally or in writing, they were
j '£■ ti'ally our allies. Cou!(*. we desert and
l»ave them ti the lender mercies of Spain?
Purely no Am«-ricjin citizen would have JuHti
f■ 1 us In men action. The Kepubllcans pro-
Ii(i«» to. flrrt. restore pear* there, then rlv*
tW-tn « |f<vid Ko\-ernmrnt, dfcrnt wnjre*, nroune
In the p<"^Pl p «» ambition tr» become rood cltl
r<*n«. FU|>ply them with niod«-rn arricultural Im-
I'lementf. conftruct rallr»ji<l» and hlchways
it .-.kirj accet>n to the n-t enhv. build scliool
h .v*'». «tupj>!y teacliT*. educate them bo it* to
ft them for tli* exrrrlne of (rovern^iental tunc
'lnn«. after whlrh tru*t them with the control
•>: local and municipal affairs. I'osrlbly In
t!m^ tf.ey may t>ecome nt to ertabllrh a re-
T'Ulillran. «rtable and ctronif enough covernment
to rreserre order and pea^e, to protect life
and XToperty. to multe trentle*. obnerve their
• • .:»--i':-: s under tli«-t:i and compel others to
do llkewlm..
PotisiMy ....... . time arrives, we, beins
the iio!e jodsea. mlrht currender to them the
•-.v«>TPlrnty.iv»»Tiin« to i.urwlvci the naval and
ci.allnr etatlr^is ner^gsnry for our naval and
merchant marine. So far an I am personally
rnnccrned. I would never surrender the »over
fiirnty to any people within the Islands or to
any nation without.
A* to our constitutional rlrht*, tariffs, »ml
rratlon. etc., that question Is one of rreat lm
r«^nance, undoubtedly noon to b« dlncufs^d In
ConsTff<n and at an ea.rly <!cte settled. Th-r
fi-re I do not wl«h now. with only partial prep- ,
aration, to deal with It. I >.-]|. • howev«*r.
that Censre*s has fu!l power to enact for them |
»u«-h laws as may seem to be wise and Ju*t;
the* the cor.ftSfJt'.ormi limitation as to the
t'nlted Rtatesi. so often referred to, does not
•rply to trrrltorles.
I am confident that In the near future three
cr four rertmrnts of white men, with possibly
twlr* a* many natives, will be ample to pre
serve the peace.
thought by those who hei-<i It to bo a
part of the programme. Friends of the
Injured man. who sat within twenty feet
of him when ho was wounded, knew noth
ing of the affair until they read It in to
day's papers.
"I never saw Rosser until I met him
In the garden on Saturday night." Said
Slater. "We made a small bet if $5 At
the tlnish we were all standing up and
yelling at the riders. Just then 1 heard
an usher shout: 'Lookout; he's .• ing for
you with a revolver.'
"1 turned and was surprised to see Ros
sor right next to me with his revolver lev
led at my breast. Instinctively 1 grappled
with him mid tried t.» wrench" the weapon
fr.m Ms hand. Uefore 1 had hardly lime
to clinch he pushed the muzzle of the gun
rigalnm me aad fired. Rosser seemed to
b»- absolutely mad with passion because
of the lo*s of his bet. H. face was pur
ple and his eyes were ablaze. I bore him
no malice, had not quarreled wit him nor
annoyed him In any way. Why ue wanted
to kill me I don't know, but he did want
to and said so even after It waa all over.
When he was under arrest he taunted me
and said: "I am a doctor and I can tell
you that you look like a dead one.' "
After his arrest Rosser broke down and
sobbed, but it seemed to be from excite
ment rather than '■ row. He said that
his disgrace would kill his parents and
that he would not live to face them. He
. arore to commit suicide at the first oppor
tunity. He was taken to the West Thir
tieth police station, and under orders from
CMef Devery everything which he could
possibly use to assist in self-murder was
taken trom him. • •
After being locked in his cell a guard
was placed outside to see that he did him
self no harm. Rosser. however, evidently
changeo his mind about suicide.
The physicians have succeeded in keep-
Ing down Slater's fever, aud unless septi
caemia sits In he will have about an even
chance with death. To-night his condi
tion 1 ecame more alarming, but the case
was not considered hopeless. One of tho
saddest features of the shooting of Slater
is that he was toon to marry a charming
young woman of Wcstfield, N. J. She is
now prostrated with grief.
Chief Devery had a talk with Rosier to
day, ar.d from him received a full and
frto crnfo-s.-ion. Later in the day the
Chief .said:
"Rower Is a remarkable man. I don't
bellevo ho regrets the shooting of Slater.
1 think lx* would kill a regiment of men
withcut a tremor of conscience if be con
sidered it m-crssary. I havo heard that
Ills father, w!io was a railroad official in
Alali::ma. FrncticaJly bankrupted himself
in f< rurlr.e the acquittal of his son last
year In San Francisco."
YELLOW FEVER
OS THE GLENHOLM
Negro Contracted the
Disease at Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. I>c< 10,-The BrlM-h
arrhred in port last i.ljrht
ma with a ease of yellon
... .
. taltee and I thorouaiily
• r the direction oi Dr. Hill
iranttne ott
■ ■ ■•
and be Is from U •
■ • . -
with < •• I four men
I
■ en at Pan-
The negro was taken ill on the voyage,
atiil it Is thoupht be contracted the dis
ease oy occupying the berth of one of
the nv.-n who had died. The negro ha.l
never slept between sheets, and when he
was assigned to the snowy bed at th«»
hospital his superstitious soul revolted
and he Insisted on sleeping on a hard
mattrass.
report the yellow f< rer
tnent In the city, but
The St. Enoch, also from Panamn. which
is long overdue. w;.s r<-;>ort?<j off th<f river
this evening. Fean for her safety had
\i+rn entertained and a pir cent reinsur
ance was offered on her in San Francisco.
Columbia River Pilot Staples was placed
aboard of h?r to-day.
FIRE LAYS WASTE
A BLOCK IN AUGUSTA
AUGUSTA. Ga.. Dec. 10.-A flre which
had Its origin In the- big wholesale and re
! tall dry goods store of J. B. White at 2
j o'clock this morning, burned four hours
and laid the entire block bounded by
i Broad and Ellis and Seventh and Eighth
streets to waste. The damage will ap
proximate J1.W0.000.
The flames wero discovered on the sec
• ond floor of the White establishment and
spread to rapidly that the entire Fire De
partment was soon called out and help
summoned from Macon and Savannah.
The Arlington Hotel and the stores be-
I neath It. all a part of the old Central
building, abutted the White property and
was the second property to be attacked
and destroyed, the Masonic Hall a hand
some threo-ntory building occupied by of-
Bees and lodgeroom*. following. There
was much excitement among the hotel
gueste. but all escaped by the stairways
and most of them saved their personal
effects.
Many commercial men stopping at the
hotel lost hundreds of dollars' worth of
«i:niil«*s. Several mailer buildings were
quick] destroyed and their contents losl
The fire soon communicated to the
Schneider building, across Eighth street
and on the next block, but after hard
work the progress of the fire v..,. arrest
eel here. Following arc the principal
losses: *
J. ]< White, building and stock UV) -
000; Arlington Hotel. IHP.OOO: John Dorr
building and stock. $3.1,000; Masonic Hall'
f.5.000. The losses of tw<>nty-o]ght other
business men range from $1000 to Jloooo
earh. The flre is supposed to have boon
started from an electric light wire. The
Savannah and Macon Tire departments ar
rived too late to render any assistance.
DEATH OF E. M. SMITH.
Injuries Received in a Runaway
Prove Fatal.
PLACERVILLE. Dec 10.-E. M. Smith,
for nrarly fifty years a resident of Co
l'>m.i, died at Ills homo at that pl.i. .■ to
riay nt 11 o'clock a. m.. death resulting
from Injuries received In a runaway acci
dent • iilio on his way home from a visit
to this city yesterday. The deceased was
one of the b«.*st-kTiown pioneers in Califor
nia. He was for years the custodian of
the monument erected at Coloma by the.
State to James W. Marshall, the discov
erer of gold at Coloma. A wife and three
children survive him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 11. 1899.
WOMEN IN THE
MILL A MENACE
Rev. Dr. Smith Replies
to His Critics.
A NEW ERA OF SAVAGERY
RESULT OF THE INTRODUCTION
OF MACHINERY.
Future Mothers of the Nation Are
Losing Strength and Energy by
Spending Girlhood Days
in the Factories.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL. Dec. 10.— Rev. Dr. 8. G.
Smith, pastor of the People's Church In
this city, whose recent statements In re
gard to women wage earners and their
Interference with men workers, have at
tracted wide attention and criticism, to
night replied to his critics in a sermon.
Dr. Smith said In part:
"It was In savage times that woman
was the slave and served her master in
mcnl.il tasks. We are fast on the road
to a new savagery- The problem be
gan when the discovery of machinery and
the factory system took the place of the
man and tool. Greedy employers bade
the delicate lingers or woman and the
dimpled hand of childhood to grasp the
fallen task.
"Economic conditions have no chivalry
arid human avarice has no sense of honor.
Th^ majority of worklngwomen in this
country, now 4,000,0u.-, of them, are be
tween the apes of 14 and 25. The great
fact of the last decade, however, is the
enormous Increase among the number of
girls under 16 years of age.
"We are devouring the possible
strength of the nation by draining the
life of Its future mothers. Forty-five per
cent of the manufacturing in the United
States Is now done by women.
"Make our women beasts of burden and
the doom of our strength is at hand. No
army is any more vigorous than themo:ti
ers who bore them. The enormous In
crease of woman labor and of Immature
young • women Is the economic, social,
moral and physical evil of our time, and
is the most serious menace to the na
tion's life."
MONEY MARKET
SLOW IN BERLIN
General Sentiment Fa
vors an Advance.
Special Di«r>*tch to Th* Call.
BERLIN, Dec. 10.— The money market
situation continues to be the chief con
cern of the (iorman business world. Lon
don exchange continued to rise all last
week. Gold exports are now possible and
'•>re an Increase in the bank rate is
considered virtually certain. The ortlclals
of th»* Rctchbaak wort; In consultation
-■lay on the subject and ther<> wos a
tlment In favor of an advance
• T per cent. A definite decision is likely
to be taken Tuesday.
The Keichbank statement yesterday
showed much less improvement than is
BStuU at this time of the year. Private
discounts, after rfsfns to a point near
• .-■ d off somewhat yes
t«rd.iy. but the rise In the lx>ndun pri
- an expectation here that
r;k <f Kngland will make yet an-
Thus far. however, money market con
, ditions do not inspire a fear of perma
i nent trouble In Berlin, a feeling of as
surance arising from the fact that Ger
\ man -circulation is so thoroughly satur
ated with gold that any considerable de
rangement Is impossible.
To-day a high financial authority gave
the correspondent of the Associated Press
an estimate of the gold in circulation In
Germany, placing this at 2,500.000,000
I marks, and predicted that the industtial
> situation would continue very strong. A
j leading official of the Reichbank explain
ed that the Industrial boom had not yet
reached Its culmination., but was now ex
tending to the textile industries.
"Iron in tes," ho said, "continue to
Tlie syndicate of rolled wir» manu
facturers has adTanced prio-s ten m.-irks
a ton. A Pranco-BeLgian ■yndicate
with a capital of $10,000,000. has "acquired
\ .^stiihalla coal mine and intends to
.sh Immense modern furnaces and
Bte< 1 mills on the liortmund-Ems canal.
A motion will b. Introduced In the Reich
stag concerning thf orsanisatlon of Qer
i ■ • • Commerce in toreign
<iv.-«. In which partimiar Germany now
behind."
ket popt between the I'nited
Buccesa. During
the month of October 9000 packages went
from Germany an i during the month of
Novemb< r 5000, as against 11.000 during the
■ of H97.
After keeping silent at first, the
rlan press now I><-Kins to make a united
attack upon thai pan of Pr
Klnley's ni<-ss;in<- to Conirress relating to
• • Inl commission proposition. Tho
. ges Zeitung says to-day:
•■Such i proposition is wholly unaccount
able, it Is monstrous. its outcome
would bo that tho shrewd Yankees would
bambo.izlf the Cerman members of the
comnii;«J»ion nhout American meats, with
caldrons double-bottomed and similar
trlckn. while the Americano here would
manufacture evidence against beers and
wines. President McKinley's claims as
to the healthfulness of American meats is
preposterous after the scandalous em
balmed meat trial."
NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH
AT PASADENA DEDICATED
Pontifical Mass Celebrated by Bishop
Montgomery and a Sermon by
Father Yorke.
PASADENA. Dec. 10.— St. Andrews, the
new Roman Catholic Church, was dedi
cated here to-day with beautiful and elab
orate services. At 10 o'clock Bishop Mont
gomery of the Los Angeles diocese cele
brated a pontifical high mass, assisted by
Father Harnet. Fathers O' Regan and
Halm assisting as deacon and sub-deacon
Of the mass. Father Yorke preached a
very strong sermon on the Catholic
church, of It? misrlon as the
organization through which the teaching
of Christ must be promulgated.
This is the first permanent edifice that
the rhurvh has had In Pasadena. It was
built lax* ly through th.> efforts of Ka
ther FarreUf, the pastor, who was lllcr
d by his congregation and en
■ fed by the citizens. The building
■ [bout f20,000 and adds to the beauty
of the town. A large crowd attended the
i tio?i and the services In the even-
Ing, at which Bishop Montgomery
preached.
INCREASED WAGES
IN COTTON MILLS
FALL RTVER. Mass., Dec. 10. -The new
wnpe pchedulo. giving 75,000 cotton mill
employes In this and other New England
cities a 10 per cent increase in wages, will
go into effect to-morrow. On Dereml>er
IS an additional 60,000 mill employes will
I pKln to receive, a like advance in wages
n: I before the first of the year 10.500 <»tJi
'•i* will h iv.- n-'-eiveil the increase. Thus
by January 1 fully 143.000 New England
mill emplorea will be receiving an av«r
ie of pay equal to the previous high
when they wen paid the high
• • rate of wmm since the inception of
the cotton Industry.
Trunks. Valises and Pocket-books let
tered without charge. Sanborn Vail &
Co. •
STEAMER NIAGARA
IS A TOTAL LOSS
Foundered in a Terrific
Storm.
ALL HANDS PROBABLY LOST
QUANTITIES OF WRECKAGE IS
PICKED UP.
Supposition Is That Her Captain At
tempted to Run Under Long
Point and Caught the Full
Force of the Gale.
Special Dispatch to The C»U.
WFFALO. Dec. 10— It Is now certnln
that the Canadian steamer Niagara, Cap
tain Henry McCleery. foundered on Tues
day evening last a'oout eight miles east
of Long Point. Lake Erie, witn all hands,
numbering sixteen persons. Tugs sent
out from Port Colhurn and from Buffalo
to nearoh for the mlsMrp stcamor h.ive
returned, bringing with them great quan
titi.s ol v.rrikii(!>' |>i«-ked up near wnere
tho steami'r i- Btippoaed to liave foun
dered. C • ' Include* a part of
tli»- Kiag ira'fl >i»-«k . pnrticms of the cabin,
deck beams, other material and a quajj
lif. of ihlngles marked "Parry Sound,"
from \vhi' h i>urt the Niagara sailed tor
Buffalo.
JwiKir.PT f t< m th«» amount of wreckage
thnt has Jeen found the Nlaeara nv.i^t
have brok in up badly in the storm. It is
the opinion of luk*» captains that the boat
went down in il'.-ep water about eight
miles east of Long Point, as none of her
■pan baa been found, and if she had
rone down in shallow water ihey wo'Ud
b<- sticking up.
The Storm which destroyrd tho Niagara
wai one °f the worst that ever raged
over Lak» ESrie. The wind was blowing
a gale of forty-five milfs an hour and
It was snowing heavily. Even th«> largest
and strongest tiu;its made for shelter and
it is the opinion of vessel men that Cap
tain McCleery attempted to turn his boat
ar>i:nd and run under Long Point and in
doing so encountered the full force of :he
fturm, his craft goinr to pieces.
GOVERNMENT MAY BUY
WEST INDIAN ISLANDS
Denmark Anxious to Dispose of a
Group and President May Recom
mend Their Purchase.
. WASHINGTON. Dec, 10.— unofficial
proposition has been made to this Gov
ernment for the sale to It of Islands In
the West Indies owned by the Danish
Government. The price asked is $3,000,000,
and the administration now has under
consideration the advisability of recom
mending an appropriation for effecting
their purchase. Before taking any definite
steps In the matter there Is reason to be
lieve that the President will confer with
the members of the Foreign Relations
Committee of the Senate, and should they
approve of the plan ho will probably
direct that the purchase be made.
The proposition submitted to the Secre
tary of State has not come direct from the
Danish Government. A corporation has
secured an option on th.> Islands, and its
representative ha« indicated to "he de
partment that it is willing to dispose of
the tvrriury for the price stßt«?<l above.
These islands were the subject of discus
sion in the Benata Just before the war
with Spain, when S*».;ator Lodiro of. Mas
sachusetts introduce-! .■ resolution for the '
purchase of the ls»'"in«ls. The prioo then
suggested was $3,QOO.XKW. Tin* noject of
acquiring the Islands at that time was
In i rd«-r to provide this Government with
coaling stations for war purposes as well
as to prevent their sale to any I^'iropean
eminent. No action, however, was
:; ' * 11.
Denmark is still anxious to dispose of
the Islands, but realizes that this Gov
ernment would consider their transfer to
any European nation as an unfriendly act
and in violation of the Monroe doctrine,
and therefore prefers to sell them to the
United States.
BOERS HAVE BLOWN UP
THE COLENSI BRIDGE 1
FRERE CAMP. Natal. Dec. 10— HeMo
graphic communication with Ladysmltn
continues dally. General Schalkburger
and Commandant Louis Botha are In com
rr.and of the Hoer forces Investing Lady
smith. Their horses are said to be in
poor condition.
A heavy report was heard In the dlrec- j
tlon of C'olenso to-day. The sound was !
followed by a big cloud of smoke. The \
supposition Is that the enemy haa blown
op the bridge
Tf:e Trar.sva.il Government has decided '
to consider Winston '"hurr-hlll. who was]
raptured on November IS between Escourt j
and Phlvelcy. a combatant officer, and to !
retain "him bf a prisoner. >Jr. <'hur<-hill '
has applied to General Huller with a view !
of getting an exchange.
This has been a quiet day here. Th«
health of the troops i • xc.llent.
MACRUM MAY BRING
A NOTE FROM KRUGER
CHICAGO. Dec. 10— A special to the
Chronicle from East Liverpool. Ohio,
■•ys: Friends In this city of Charleb E.
Macrum, until recently United States
Consul at Pretoria, say he Is returning to
this country with Important Information
for the State Department, which he was
unwilling to risk cabling. His letters ccn
cluslvely wove that not only was Ma
crum not persona non grata to the- Trana
vaal Government, but that he waa not on
the best possible personal terms with
President Kruger. Cabling could be don©
only over a line controlled In part by Eng
land. It Is believed the Information
brought by Macrum Is from President
Kruger and the purpose !• to Initiate
measures lo bring the war to a close en
honorable terms to the Dutch republic.
BRYAN IS NOT A
CANDIDATE FOR SENATOR
Will Give No Information as to
Whom He Favors for the
Office.
OAI-VESTON. Der. 10— William J.
Bryan and former <*.nvernor Hogg re
turned to-day from Lafe Surprise, where
they have spent the last week hunting
ducks. Mr. Hryan at Union station,
Just before his departure for Austin, was
questioned relative to the Nebraska Sena
torshtp. !!'■ said:
"I have Just returned from a duck hunt
and know nothing about the Senatorial
situation in Nebr
"Will you be a candidate?* was asked
Mr. Hryan rej lied emphatically. "I will
not."
Mr. Hryan refused positively to be
drawn out on the Senatorial question in
Nebraska and gave no inkling as to whom
he favored for Senator. He was In ex
cellent health r.r.d spirits and caid he had
hafl a grand time at Lake Surprise where
be bagged fifty docks, twenty-five of
which were canvasbacks.
TO OPPOSE WHEELER.
Bailey Will Protest Against His Ad
mission to Congress.
NSW YORK. Dec. 10.— A special to the !
World from Washington nays: Represent
ative Bailey of Texas is ready to protest
apnlnst General Joe Wheeler's admission
to Congress should he return from M a .
nila and present himself to assume ills i
position us Representative from Alabama
Mr. Bailey ■will contend that Mr. Wheeler
cannot hold two positions— major general
of volunteers and member of Congress— at
the same time. Mr. Bailey has made a
canvass of the Democratic side and re
ceived promises of support from nearly
a hundred members.
ALEJANDRINO SURRENDERS
TO GENERAL MacARTHUR
Report That the Filipino Leader and His Staff Are in
the Hands of the American
Commander.
MANILA, Dee. 10.— A force of one hundred insurgents yesterday at- ■+
tacked near Ealluag. a wagon train escorted by thirty men of the Sixteenth ♦
Infantry. A sharp engagement followed. The Filipinos loot eighteen in ♦
killed and ntno In wounded. During the recent attack by the insurgents upon ♦
Vlgan the Filipinos obtained possession of the plaza and of a church In the *
center of the town from which the Americans dislodged them. It seems thai +
the escaped Spaniards obtained guns and fought with the Americans against ♦
the Insurgents. ♦
MANILA. Dec. 10. 4:30 p. m.-An expe
dition headed by the battleship Oregon
left Manila for Subig last night. It is re
ported that the Filipino commander, Gen
eral Alejandrino, with his staff, has sur
rendered to General McArthur, and there
Is also a rumor that Alejandrino is at
Agullar suffering from a wound received
in a fight between insurgents and ban
dits and that he will be properly cared
for.
Major Spence. with a company of the
Thirty-second Regiment, captured a new
Insurgent camp and uncompleted strong
hold In Tassan district. He left Dina
lupan % at daybreak yesterday and
marched ten miles along mountain trails,
Dually encountering a largo band of In
surgents, who retreated after a brief
skirmish. The Americans had no losses.
Tho records of the Treasury of the so
called Filipino Government, together with
a quantity of paper money and another
Nordenfeldt, have been found at Manga
tarem. . ....
Three Americans, who. with a commis
sary sergeant of the Twelfth Infantry,
wer<* traveling from San Fernando to An
left their escort for a moment and
went Into the bushes. As they did r ( re
turn speedily a search war maiip for them,
but they could not be found. They were
probably captured by the rebels.
A mall orderly disappeared between An
geles and Hamhah. He also Is supposed
to have been captured.
INTERESTING VERSION
OF THE IRENE INCIDENT
MANILA. Dec. 10.. 4:30 p. m.- -Colonel
Julio del Rio, who Is among the releis.d
Spaniards that have just arrived here,
gives an interesting version of the famous
Ir.ne Incident In Sublg Hay in July of
la*t year Be was formerly In command
of the Spanish troops In the Olingano
district. His narrative Is corroborated
by Sennr Rafael Rosello. a wealthy Span
ish merchant who also fell Into the hand:*
of the insurgents.
Both declare that the Spanish surren
dered to Captain Coghlaa of the rnited
States cruiser JTsjUiisj.il on an ex-
SgraillllSlll that they w m not to be
given tip i(, the Filipino?, and they as
sert that the Spfinish Qovernmrtit pro.a
lsed to Press their claims against the
United States for their long imprison
ment. »
According to their story, a thousand
Insurgents were besieging Olinsapo. where
there were two companies of marines and
a battalion of artillery, together with
m:tny civilians. The " Gorman cruis-r
Irene entered the harbor to take ihe
women and children on board At this
Juncture the insurgent steamer Fiiiptnas
flying the Insurgent flag, started to leave
r\ *r\ 113Vv 1 Ok Just because the P r 'ce of
LJOLI RJIC these suits is ten dollars, they
- ' are not ten dollar suits — far
breasted from that - The y are i 5-°°
w^» v ••w*"* suits in every particular except
blue serges price Wh
-^ When you see the suits
JK IO OO you will notice the dressy, sty I-
f47lvr«vrVf ish appearance they have.
You will be impressed with the evidence of durability.
Even as suits they are remarkable; as $10.00 suits they are
truly wonderful.
Double breasted blue serge sack suits fast colors — neatly
tailored — pronounced values at a saving price.
Boys' Reefer Top Coats.
Made of cheviot and astrakhan, ages 3 to 8 years, former prices $4, $?
and 56; all now reduced to » $3.83
From now until Christmas we p;ive free with every suit or overcoat In
this department any of these toys: ball and bat, wagon, tool chest, popgun
or humming top.
. Out-of-town orders filled; write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2.
718 .r.nrkst Street. ~
&gamm& RUPTURE.
51ft AX/y^ffeff I'SF. .NO MORE IHO.V
jDdgu^wMK Hoops or Steel Sprints.
JE^^EC'93sss^ Rupture retained with rut
l 'TS»?>Tand comfort and thousands rn<l|.
JOT fmC 1 call? CUIIKD by DR. PIKRCKa
% yJB^ M«Kr.etlc Elaatio Truni. C7Call at
' flee or writ* lor New i'araphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
63) Market at., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
i The Irene threw a shot across her bow,
claiming the right to stop her. M Ger
many had not recognized the Insurgent
flag. Tne Filipinos then raided a wnite
flag and departed. When she i.turn- 1
6he was flying the Insurgent Hag and was
accompanied by the United States war
ships Concord and Raleigh. r lho Irene
was then leaving the harbor with non
combatants.
"Without the least warning." says
Colonel del Kio and Bejnor X »ello, "me
American warship* began to bombard us,
Unrig about twenty-flve shots. Seeing that
resistance was useltss, as our gun* had
never been mounted, we raised the white
flag. Captain Cogbian came ashore with
several i Ulcers and It was expressly
stipulated that the surrender was to the
Americans alone. Captain Coghlan waa
asked to promise that the .Spaniards
should not be delivered to the Insurgents,
and when he had given his pledge the en
tire garrison surrendered.
"The Americans galled away on the
evening or the 7th, leaving the garrison
practically unarmed. They returned on
the Bth. Meanwhile the insurgents had
repeatedly tired upon the town. Captain
Coghlan now ordered the Spaniards to
embark on the Filipinos. When they
protested he said that, although In the
hands of the insurgents, they would be
treated as American prisoners.
"Nine civilians, all merchants, were
placed on board the Flliplnas, and. despite
their protests, were kept Imprisoned on
the vessel at Ollngapo until their recent
release."
Benor Rosello, who Is chiefly r^spon
slble for the foregoing statement, admits
that, except for one attempt to rob the
merchants, for which ARUInaJdo punished
the ofllcera of the Filipinos by reducing
them, all were well treated.
Colonel del Rio, In a subsequent state
ment, said:
"Captain Coghlan gave his word that
our capitulation, would be accepted as It
was made, that Is, to the Americans. He
promised that we should not be given Into
the hands of the lmmrgents, and I believe
he was sincere.
"Loiter the Concord went to Cavlte for
Instructions, returning with an order from
Admiral Dewey that we were to be hand
ed over to the Insurgents."
Colonel del hi.i and amor Rosello de
clare that the Irene left her anchorage si
6 o'clock In the morning and the American
warships arrived at 10:30, passing the Ger
man cruiser as she was leaving the bay.
They express surprise at the popular be
lief that the Irene slipped her cable on
the appearance of the Concord and Ral
eigh.
RELEASED PRISONERS
HAVE REACHED MADRID
MADRID. Dec. 10— An official dispatch
from Manila says that 2£) Spanish who
v. .-re formerly prisoners In the hands of
the Filipinos have arrived there.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
• FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJQ.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON Tue». W>d.. Thur». and Sat. at in
a. m. »:15. «JO p. m. its. Thur». nlnht) Kr*.
day.. 1 p. m. and 1:3": Sundays. lOVss) a. Nt i
fe "No^Wp^nV^in^ 011 - 1 ""
FARE 1^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
UIXBENBABII
9 222-224 GUTTER STREET 5
or en EVE.mncs. %
| DELIVERY. i
8 While our facilities lor delivering S
,5 are as perfect as possible for all de- »
3 mands made upon us, yet the sea- <$
2 *?? n 4 of the year create! i stress §
« th it can only be alleviated by or- »
'•■ drrln-; early. O
D We ship 'free within too miles, g
g MEXICAN CIGARS. I
g Just arrived- First «h'lcar»nl of <?
8 L he cdebrati "U \TERIATHHAL 11 %
8 brand. A mild and peasant smoke, O
•5 , H ,i v ? na nnd K-v West Cigars 3
0 in all slzrs and shapes. X
§ SPECIAL REDUCTIONS §
1 MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY I
| Coffee, "Oriental" 2 lbs 55: |
Q A rerfert blend. Rht-- i and J5
O tround hourly on our cremtsea. S
§ Egg doodles (Eiernudsln) 20c pkg %
0 German. Home made. Re* tsc. d
$ Chestnuts 2 lbs 25c %
I Catnp, '"'New Era bot. 15: 1
C* There !■ non# better. Tleg 20c O'
8 Cliies. Grean, Ripe, Cal. qt. 20c |
•* 23c** eW cro:> " Caror. Re». §
g Sweet Apple Cidir gal. 40c 1
§De Loi)<*t. The be«t. Rej. lOc. V
| Pate de Fcie Gras (G?os3 Liver §
§ Pates) in Terrlnes 50c : ; :
S La Forest. i> = 75c V
X Buckwheat Flour 10 Ib sack 60c §
» Pennsylvania. Rer. Tsc. X
>j Marshmallows 40c Ib [
D Hlchest trade. Re*. Soc. i$
§ Peas, Extra Fhe 25c can %
Q rrench. Imparted. Re*. J^. §
8 Toilet Waters, All Odors bot. 50c |
§ Or Crown Perf. To.. London. ,Q
§ Hermitage Rye Whisky Dot. 31.15 %
8 Marte In ISSS. Reg. gal. $4.50 3
'/ ii co bot. %i *ai. gai. !>4.OU Q
§ Claret gal. 35c : ;
X Warranted to keep In bottles. A $
* rood tafcle wine. Re*. SOc. V
® Tea and Coffee Pots, to close out, 50c •>
~^ Terra Cotta Enamel, 4-<jt. Re*. |Oc. S
« NEW GOODS: o
$ Bar Lc Due (Currants and Straw- g
8* terries) fl
8 Prunelles 8
O| German Dried P:ars «
i$ Suchard's N »isettes S
p, Suchard's Ghndujas «
v Jordan Almonds X
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
»_» Steamers tears Broadway
| * jk.. wharf, San Francisco:
' ett'-c-'ililw For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m..
fli&Prjcfe T "*' : - *. U 17 - »■ **• 'an. '•
I **v&^vK^l change to company's iltiw-
' {aV N -<^« I * r " at Seattle.
; BHssVaßssßl ' or Victoria, Vaneoov»r
f^c2v*y*\ (U. C). P->rt Townsend. Saw
t *>ia attle, Tacoraa. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatrnni
rn'ash.). 10 a. m.. Dec 1. 7.
„ r H m Jan. 1, "d «very fifth day th«r«-
*ii£: ;;,„« at Seattle to this company's
rtef^Vr. ?o7Alaaka and °- N. By.: at Taeom*
.teaper. P-y •" Vancouver to C P Railway.
For Fureka'<Humt.lut Bay). 2 p. m.. Dec. 5.
lh For*| t anta Crux. Monterey. «M Simeon, Cayn-
cos Port H^rford 'San L-ils Obltpo). SkvteU.
Fanta Barbara. V»ntura. Hu-n«rr.- Jan Pedro.
a:*- ro F "iV p^. ( V 0 * Km. 9*9 * STKr-a!
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Han Dte«o. ftcpplnc only at Port Har-
ford (Fan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
LeV AnV"les and Redonon (Los Arable*). H
•7 m Dec. 4. % It, 1«. W. 2«. 2J. Jan. 1. a-1
every 'fourth .'.ay thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. Pan Jo*» dM
Cabo M«i«*-'in. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa*
, lla and Ouaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m . :th or each
month.
For further Information obtain company**
i folder. . .. . . .
1 Th« company reserves th« right to ehanc*
without previous nolle* steamers, satllns; date*
ar* h«"« 'f ••I'lnr.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgcaery
street (PaUce Hotel).
GOODALL PrRKIN'R ■ CO.. Oen. Art*..
10 Market St.. P»n Franct«c».
~~~~~i .
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
r DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Fpear-street Wharf at 18 a. m.
CADE £12 Flmt Clnas I net tiding B«rt>
rririL pS Second ClH*a and MealJ.
Ft*t* of California. ..Palls Dec. 4. 14. 24. Jan 1
Columbia J-'ali* Dec. 9. ■». t>. Jan. I
Fhort Line to Walla 'Walla. Spok;»ne. Butt*.
Helena and nil point* In the Northwest.
Through ticket* tf> all r*>lnt» East.
B. C. WARD. G»Ti-rnl Ac»nt.
r..".i Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Sup»rlnt'n.^»nts.
AMERICAN LINE.
JIW TOEX, 80CTHAXPTO!». L05D05. PABW.
topping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everr Wednesday, 19 a. m.
! Ft. Paul Nor. «|Kt- LouU Dec. 11
1 Ft. L0ui5... .."..N0r. 22 St. Paul D-a. Tt
St. Paul v Dec. I New York Jan. 3
Red star line.
New York an.l Antwen.
From New York. Ererv Wednesday. 13 noon.
Frlesland Nor. 81 Kenningt on ....Nor. U
Fouthwark Nov. IS Noordland Dec 4
Westemland ...Nor. 22 Frlesland Dec U
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dnvvsen City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
10 Montgomery «*... or any of its agencies.
Rates and sailings far IDCO now ready.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHABF. COP.-
- ncr of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an!
connecting at Honrkong with steamers for
IndU. etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of palling.
AMERICA MARTT Thursday. Dee. It
HONGKONG MARU Tnenday. Jsn. II
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. •
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr»irht and passage apply at company's office*
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A**nl
PlflHtssflMl Th* 8. 8. Australia
»»!!« fnr Honolulu
.OS'treaatTW Wednesday. Dec U,
|^ , -L at Ip. m.
Ti^^X^S B. S. Maripoaa salt*
>)irAIOI I IU-' ,\:k!and for aixl
Q)lM.tOl!iU v Auckland for Bydn-r
/nmenhJL. Wednesday. Dec XT.
"■ '•' " nt • ■
Farcrlt* Lin* Round th* World, via Hawaii.
Pamoa. New Zriliin 1. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.: J'"l^ first r!a*s.
L 0. SPH£CKELS & C.103. CO.. «;•».. 114 Moniaomeri
Plar 7. Foot Pacific St *nic'<>Omr:W**r\HSt.
COH7AQHIE GZSCRALE TRANSATLANTICS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRH-PARI3. r-rjt-
fc'slllng every Thursday Instnd of <2jJ*S
Faturd-iy. from Nr.vernber 2. U». at "•»**<»•-
10 a. in., from Pl»r «- Ncrth IMver. foot nt
Morton lit LA NORMANDIB. Nor. II; La
GASCOGNE. Nov. 23: LA TOURAINK. Nor.
•0; LA BRETAGNE. Pec. 7. Flrst-«lasa to
Havre. 110 and upward: 5 per rent reduction on
i reund •tip. Secend-cli»* to Havre. IIS; I r>e.-
cent reduction on roond trip OKNERAf*
i a<:fnct FOR UNITED FTATES AND Can-
ada J2 Broadwar (Hudson bulldlnc). New
York. J. F. rnOAZB A CO.. Pacific Coast
1 Agents, 6 Montgomery art., San Francis
34
MONDAY.. DECEMBER 11, 189 a
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addies* All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manz(r«r
VI nUICATIOX OKFIcn. ..Market and Third. 9. F.
Telephone Main IKOH.
I 1)1 I old *I. HOOMs 217 to 221 Sterennon St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. 10 Cent* Per Week.
•"n«l. Coplen. r. Cent*.
Term* »M Mall. Inclndtnir I*onta*ei
I) VILA' CALL (tncliidlutt *unda> i. on«- yenr. .»0.00
It ill. I CAM. Mud dime Sunday). «i month". . 3.00
HUH « Ml (incliidlnir Snnday). CI month*.. I.JMI
1» \It.V < M I- — U> Slnnle Month "'►•'
MM)AV « Ml One Year *•*"*
Ul£BKL\* < M.I. One Year 1 -°°
All puxuisxcrt are nuihorlrrd to receU c
■ uhirrlpilooi.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKLAND oriii ■ DOS DrondwiT
C GGORGE KRoGXESS.
Miitgrr Foretsn li!>. rll«t:ic. Maruuette Build
in tr. Chicago.
xrw voiik ((luin-roMir.^Ti
C. C. C Mil TON Herald Sana* 1 *
KEW YORK mSI'RISSKXTVnVCi
MUM LL'lij:>N Jit 29 Trlbme Onlldlnc
CHICAGO n m STAXDSi
Sherman lloonri P. O. Sewn Co.i <Jre«t Xortb
era Hotel; rrnuoßt Hou«et Auditorium Hotel.
!OSW YORK VKWS STAXDSi
— Wntdorf-AiitoTia Hntt-li A. Br«l«BO, 21 I Blon
Squares Murray Hill Hotel.
unmM <!»• C> OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. F. KXULISII. Correwpondent.
RRAXCII OFFICES— S27 Montgomery atreet. cor
ner Clay, open nntll !»:.:«• o'clock. 3<M> Haye«
• trcet, open until Ui'Ml o'clock. CM* McAllister
■ trt-ct. open until !»::t(t o'clock.. <lIR Lnrkln
• treet. open until MM o'clock. 1!M1 Mli»«ton
• trret. ••!•••" until 1«» o'clock. 22<»1 Market
• treet, corner Milrrnth. open until :• o'clock.
lOtKt Yalcncla ntrrrt, open until 9 o'clock.
lOU Kleventh nil ret. open until t» o'clock. ,
\\V corner Twenty-«eeond and Kcntuck.v
tlrrctn. open until '.» o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Orphf-um— ln aid of the Charity Fund of the Associated
Theatrical Mttir'n, Thursday afternoon. December 14.
Columbia— "The IJon's Mouth."
Oallfi)ra'.a-"The ratal «'ard."
Tlvoli— "Tar nnd Tartar."
Grand Opera-house— "Th* Chimes of Normandy."
Alcaiar— "Mother Earth."
Alharrbra— Georgia Minstrels.
Chutes, .'jj and Theater— Vaud« «iv« every afternoon aad
evening.
Olyxnpla. corner HaMa and Ellis •trertii— BpeclalU«a,
Central Park— 6teeplechai>e and Coney Island.
Rama liattU cf Manila Bay. Market street, near
T'chth.
Western Turf Apo'x-iatton. Fan Mateo County— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wtb O. Laynir— Thursday evenlnir. IVoember li, at 7:O
•"dock. Thorough Jjr«»d T«-ar'.lngs. at t:i Howard street.
By l ».••> :i. Uldndce * Co.— Tursday, December 12. at i:
o'clork. Heal E»tat«. at CS Markrt street.
fINOTMER TURN IN TRfIDE.
T. :. : irade again veered around last
i sharp decline in the volume
. the preceding week, but dur
-tcad ot a loss in bank
• . : 19 y per cent, and the
mpoftart hibiung a loss were Balti
•r.e decrease in these three
So the ia ■ '» 1 ' preceding
: ited in the
,f the year always finds
tm Uuil, the siiimk.-i^o this year
ihan usual, and no former year ever
DM oi unfilled contracts and
i extending t.<r into the new year. Tlus con
tinued activity in trade for «nmc
> throughout tiie entire
1
Xor has any former year ever closed with such
uniform firmness in prices. Quotations for pig iron,
while already high, are fully maintained, though some
descriptions of manufactured iron are lower. Pro
ducers of iron and steel are generally sold well up
into the middle of next year, so no decline in the
iron industry need be expected for some time to
come. The recent famine in cars has not yet been
fully relieved, and the demand for iron for this ac
count continues enormous. Lumber, too, shows con
tinued activity, with no loss in firmness. Colder
weather has stimulated the demand for boots and
shoes, and hides and leather, already "high and firm.
:>rc still stronger in consequence, the former having
zip.iin advanced during the week. Shipments of boots
and shoe* from Boston have been 37.2,000 cases, or
0.3 per cent larger than in 189 S. and 937.000 cases, or
27.8 per cent larger than in 1892. the year preceding
the panic. Wool has again gone up under a strong
speculative demand, though manufacturers are not
buying much row. having filled their most urgent
Heeds. Almost all the large New Kngland cotton
mills have granted their operatives an advance of 10
per cent in wages, which does not look much like
depression in this industry. Another very favorable
feature is the improvement in wheat, which, though
flight, is stimulating, as it has broken the monotonous
decline of the past several months. The commercial
failures, too, which increased a fortnight ago, again
show a decrease, those last seek being 221, against
248 for the same week in 1808. When we look at
these figures, and add advances of 10 per cent in the
wages of cotton operatives in Georgia and mine
workers in West Virginia, it will be seen that 1899 is
making a brillinnt exit.
Wall street is quieter, as ufual at the clo«e of the
year, when the public investors generally withdraw,
waiting for the January disbursements. The con
tinued stringency in money there also operates against
any activity, hut it is hoped that the market will
get easier after the turn of the year. At present
the professional traders have the street to themselves.
Agkin; it is believed in New York that a critical point
in the foreign money market is approaching. Neither
the Bank of France, the Bank of England nor the
8.-uik of Germany has any gold to spare, and the
slow advance and lack of success of the British ar
mies in South Africa make financiers timid about
r.per.Ming. All three hanks have recently advanced
their rates of discount to keep their gold from slip
ping through their fingers, but the doubtful condition
of affairs in the Transvaal is against much improve
ment in the gold supply for some time to come.
In California the prospects continue flattering. We
have had a very fine year in 1899, but unless present
indications are misleading 1900 will be a still bettor
one.
1 church that preserved its unity in the
ult upon it^ orthodoxy is trembling in
llance trying to determine whether or not the
crs of the congregation should wear bon
t Ihriac Knrkc I: •■ rre be nothing in the htm
there certainly is in the feathers.
THE PfINhfINDLE EXTENSION.
/ N PPOXENTS of the proposed park improve-
OPPONENTS the proposed park improve
ment? have seemingly abandoned the conten
tion that the cost would be excessive, and of
late have put forward the objection that the construc
tion of the panhandle would require along a consid
erable part of the route a deep cut which would be
injurious to property and entail upon the city a heavy
expenditure for the remuneration of property owners.
It has been argued that unless the deep cut were made
the grade of the roadway would.be so steep as to
render it unfit for driving purposes. The opponents
ot progress have therefore presented what they regard
as a dilemma— either a grade too steep or a cost too
1 steep to be undertaken.
The new objection is not any more valid than that
1 which was first put forth. There is nothing in the
condition of the district to be traversed by the pan
handle extension that will require an excessive «x
penditure to render it fit for a grand driveway and
promenade from the city to the park.
In a letter discussing the subject Superintendent
McLaren of Golden Gate Park points out that the
deepest cut necessary to give a 6 per cent grade,
which should be the maximum,. will be only twenty
six feet, and that for only three -blocks; that it is not
desirable to give a uniform slope along the whole
distance, as the effect should be undulating; that the
width of the blocks, 275 feet, allows ample oppor
tunity for curving drives; that grades and bridges
: could be so arranged with reference to the present
i grade of cross streets that in driving along the pap
j handle from Van Ness avenue to the park it would
not be across any car lines on the level with the cars;
, and he concludes by saying:
"Once the land is acquired it is a matter for an
I engineer and landscape gardener to devise the best
plan for its improvement. Winding roads may follow
[ the present elevations or the twenty-six-foot cut be
made. In either event the great purposes of the pan
! handle extension will be served. Out of the thirteen
! blocks only three will be affected by the cut suggest
j ed, and that will enhance rather than diminish the
effect."
In presenting their various objections to park ex
tension, the opponents of the improvement are really
aiding the campaign of education on the subject. It
is desirable to have all the problems of the under
taking thoroughly thought out, discussed and under
stood from the start. There is no intention on the
part of the nio^t enterprising citizen "to go it blind,"
in the way of municipal progress. Every phase of \
the issue should be duly considered, and when that
consideration is given fairly, the conclusion will be
more favorable than ever to the projected improve
ments. •
The extension of the panhandle is a necessary ad- l
junct to the park. It is the connecting link which is :
to join the two stateliest thoroughfares of the city
with the great park, which is now one of the most
beautiful and extensive in the world. With the newly
awakened spirit of progress and civic patriotism a
provision for the establishment of the boulevard
should be promptly made. Let us vote it this year as ,
a holiday gift to ourselves and to future generations
of San Franciscans for all time to come.
Winter*, the murderer, wanted a brass band to her
ald his transition to eternity. He evidently did not
share the belief that he was entitled to an extremely
warm reception on thr other side.
Robert Buchanan asserts that Rudyard Kipling is
a Hooligan and not a poet. He may be right, but it
i* <=aff to say that he wiil pet no publisher to pay him
Hoolipan prices for his criticism.
The Union Reform party, with headquarters at Co
lumbus, O , has a platform of one plank. The mana
gers are confident that they can find some luckless
candidate to walk it.
THE KENTUCKY CONTEST.
OF the three members of the Board of Election
Commissioner- m Kentucky, two have reached
the conclusion that the lawful vote of the peo
ple in the recent election for Governor was 193.714
for the Republican candidate, Taylor, and 191,331 for
Goebel. the Democratic candidate; and accordingly
they have issued the official certificate declaring Tay
lor to be Governor-elect. The third member of the
commission refused to sign the certificate and has
filed a minority report.
Thr decision of the Board is not final. There is
still an avenue of appeal if Goebel chooses to make
11, and it is probable he will do so. It appears that
on the very day the Election Commissioners issued
the certificate to Taylor, the Court of Appeals de
two election cases in a way that is regarded as
favorable to the chances of Goebel should there be a
recount. In one of these, the court held that all bal
ibotlld be printed on white paper, sufficiently
that the printing cannot be distinguished from
the bark, and if ballots are used at an election which
do not substantially comply with the law the election
1- not conducted as required by law, and is invalid.
In the other case the decision was a ruling making
perpetu.il the writ of prohibition issued against
Judge Tony of Louisville restraining him from in
terfering with local elections by writs of mandamus.
Ht was charged by the Democrats with arbitrarily
issuing the writs.
With that much in the way of encouragement Goe
bel will doubtless make up his mind to continue the
contest. He is the more likely to do so by reason of
the fiery zeal with which his partisans are urging him
on. Throughout the country' generally political issues
have been so comparatively unimportant this year
that few people realize the bitterness which animated
the fight in Kentucky. An illustration of the spirit
of Ctocbel's followers is to be found in a recent utter
;«nce of the Louisville Courier-Journal. It declares
the fight against Goebd was made by a combination
of railways, trusts and other corporations with the
blicans of the Str.tc. and says:
la the day of election approached ominous mut
tering! of daughter were Riven out by the oracles of
ihe railway- Republican trust. Senator Deboe began
it. He was followed by the trust newspapers Rivers
of blond flowed through the columns of these. Citi
zens of the best repute were singled out and men
tidrcd by name for massacre. One newspaper, which
'■we its existence directly and solely to the trust.
advocated the burning of the Courier-Journal build,
ing and the lynching of the responsible owners of
the property. The Saturday night before the election
the orators of the trust made the air livid with their
prr.fanity and lurid with their threats. The Governor
of the State came here and sat upon a platform and
liftcned to talk that would have disgraced a Tagal
Prince Albert frocks and rifle hats, calling
themselves gentlemen but putting all Christian man
hood to shame, went about with their pockets stuffed
with trust money and trust votes to corrupt, while
the drag! of the trust, with Whallen at their hea-l.
were preparing to spring at the opportune moment."
Now. it is safe to say that these assertions contain
exaggeration! carried to the verge of complete false
hood. That they have been set forth by a paper of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11 1809.
the standing of the Courier-Journal is the only thing
which gives them significance, but that is significance
enough. It is a warning of the evil passions whioh
are aroused when such men as Goebel get control of
the political machinery of a great party in a State,
and should set the people everywhere on guard
against bosses of that kind.
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
rROM the summary sent from Washington of
the annual report of the Postmaster General it
appears the public expectation of a recommenda
tion for the establishment of a domestic parcels post
system is to be disappointed. In the summary there
is no reference to the subject, nor to that of postni
savings banks. The recommendations are, in fact,
extremely conservative and hardly go beyond what is
required in the way of extending facilities to meet
the growing demands of the country and for remedy
ing abuses which have developed under the existing
law.
The Postmaster General commends the bill intro
duced by Mr. Loud in the last Congress t<>
put an end to the misuse oi the privilege
of second class mail matter by persons who are not
entitled to it. The public is fairly familiar with the
facts of the case. Congress designed to give to news
papers and other periodicals a rate of postage which
would enable the people to obtain such educational
and news publications at a comparatively small cost.
The publishers of cheap novels and of advertising cir
culars adopted the scheme of issuing their publica
tions as "periodicals" and by that means procured the
ri.L.'ht of mailing them at'secood class matter. The re
stilt has been that the Government has been carry in:;
tons of that kind of stuff at a loss every year, and as
a consequence there has been an annual deficit in the
• ffice Department.
From this condition of affairs the Postmaster Gen
eral makes three deductions. First— That more than
one-fourth of the entire volume and .veight of matter
carried through the mails is rated and pays as second
class matter, when, under the spirit and intent of the
law. it ought to be rated and to pay as third class
matter. Second — That while this wrongly classe 1
matter amounts to more than one-quarter of the
whole volume of mail transmitted, it furnishes only
one-fifty-fifth part of the postal revenue. Third—
That the expense of transportation being reckoned at
8 cents a pound, the mere carrying of this matter costs
$14,108,129 04. while the revenue from it was only
$1,763,516 13. involving a loss to the Government of
$i2,.U4.6i2 01.
These abuses have been repeatedly pointed out, and
they would have been put an end to lotifr ago but for
the existence of a strong lobby interested in main
taining them, and for the widespread opinion that the
deficit in the Postoffice Department is due less to the
carrying r.i second class mail at a lose than to the
cm essive prices which are paid to railroads for car
rying all clashes of mail. In the last Congress many
Representatives voted against the Loud bill on the
express ground that they believed postal economy
should begin by reducing the rates paid to the rail
roads and not by depriving publishing homes and
advertisers of the second class mail privileges.
It is gratifying to note that the Postmaster General
urges upon the attention of Congress the need of an
immediate reorganization and reclassification of the
railway mail service. The two things, in fact, shoulj
he undertaken together. In the last Congress the
effort to put an end to second class mail abuses syaj
defeated by men ;vho said the railway abuses should
be remedied first, rind then when a bill to remedy
that evil was introduced it was defeated by members
who said the second class mail abuses ought to have
been first remedied. It is not worth while having
that farce repeated again. There is no use dealing
with the evil by piecemeal. Let the whole postal law
be reconsidered and all the abuses and defects be
abolished at one reform.
WHEN Edward Atkinson, by way of arousing
popular sentiment against the conquest of the
Philippines, began to circulate through the
mails copies of certain speeches made in Congress
against annexation he was roundly denounced as a
traitor, his pamphlets were excluded from the Phil
ippine mails and some of the more exuberant jingo
journals demanded that he be arrested by the mili
tary arm of the Government or lynched by the
people.
The British jingoes appear to be less rabid than
our own by a great degree, and their postoffice
authorities arc negligent of the duty of suppressing
treasonable documents. There exists in Manchester an
j organization calling itself frankly the "Manchester
, Transvaal Committee." which is engaged in circula
ting far and wide documents of various kinds calcu
lated to give aid and comfort to the enemy. The
issues which led up to the war are dealt with vigor
oasly, and the British Government is assailed with
something of the ardor which marks the conduct in
country of a Presidential campaign.
In one of these pamphlets, recently received, the
j Boers are described as "a people passionately seek
ing freedom from British control, cheated out of ter-
I ritory by British arbitration, once already robbed of
; independence by British force, and the recent victims
; of a foul plot hatched by the man whom the British
Ministers— and. so far as they know, the British na-
I tion— love to honor." The Outlanders in the same
pamphlet are depicted as "a medley of gold-seekers,"
who have swept upon the Transvaal "in sudden tor
rents, crowding into a single district and a single in
! dustry, seeking not a permanent home, but a preda
lory sojourn in a foreign land."
Commenting upon the assertion that the Outland
ers have been nnjmtly taxed, the Manchester com-
I mince says: "Thf gold law of the Transvaal is the
most liberal in the world, and. as might be expected.
I the progress of output and of profits has been phe
; r.omenally large. Compare with the Rand the condi
tions imposed 'by the speculators who own and rule
Mashonaland; there it is ordained that 50 per cent of
all gold mining profits goes to the Government and
that all diamonds are a Government monopoly."
Carefully and elaborately the arguments of the
committee go over every claim made by the British
Government and by the Otttlanden and show the
weakness or injustice of each. Coming at last to the
! question of the right of Great Britain to interfere in
the internal affairs of the Transvaal the committee
says! "A war in order to compel another state to
give to British aliens a share of the government is
lan act without precedent in the annals of public
: crime.*' nnd the pamphlet closes by saying: "To in
sist that we have su7erainty implicitly contained in n
j convention from which it is explicitly excluded, to
, read into that suzerainty an utterly unprecedented
power to interfere in the internal government whose
independence xc had expressly guaranteed, and to
refuse arbitral investigation of these claims, constitute
an aggravated insolence of demeanor which, if per
; sistcd in. can hardly fail to bring its own punishment
if the government of this world rests upon any foun
1 dations of morality."
BRITISH fINTI-JINGOES.
NATIVE OIL MINUS ODOR.
COOPER EXPERIMENTING.
HAVE YOU CINNABAR.
HOW MINES FLOURISH.
One or the biggest possibilities to bo
noted in the speculative future of the
California petroleum industry Is Just now
resident in the laboratory of State Min
eralogist A. S. Cooper rather than in the
areas supposedly underlaid by 011-yieldlng
formations and now being so vigorously
prospected and exploited.
«Th th l. dlscoverv <* new Producing
fields, which undoubtedly exist all over
the etate. the oil Interests mainly look
for the future of the Industry. But Mr
Cooper thinks that he has solved a chem
ical, laboratory and Industrial problem
the solution of which would mean more
than the discovery of several oil fields
of the magnitude of the Los Angeles
field.
As is well known, the California min
eral oils have been good for little else
than fuel. As fuel California petroleum
In supplying better than anything else the
crying need of the State for a cheaper
source of power. California oils so far
produced in commercial quantities have
Jin asphalt base, while the Eastern and
Russian oils, which practically supply the
oil lamps of the world, have a parafllne <
base. Mineral oils always vary in vari
ous ways according to the districts from
which they come, am! California oils are
peculiar and are differentiated even In
this State.
The mineral oils which flow or are '
pumped from the ground all over the
world have varying chemical character-
iptlcß and are complex In composition.
From the "crude nil" which comes* from
the earth com** ■erica of products, as dls
tillntlon Is carried on at varying tempera
tures and by varied processes. From all
such nils naphthas, benzines, etc., are
first recovered by distillation. These are
the most volatile elements. They are
produced In California oil refineries.
OH flt for Illuminating uses Is a sort
of midway product. How much Illumin
ating oil can "be distilled from a certain
crude oil depends, of course, on the
chemical composition of the crude oil.
After the illuminating oil has been dis
tilled at the requisite, temperature there
remain various kinds and grades of oil
useful for lubricants. In recent years
mineral oils have largely superseded ani
mal and vegetable oils for this purpose
But i small part of the California oil
product is refined. The Kreat bulk of
th«» product Is burned up under steam
boilers, and the demand for this purpose
exceeds the supply, as It is cheaper than
■team coal at the present hitch rates of
{1 a barrel and unward. At the refineries
across the bay and In Southern Califor
nia ■ considerable refining business r"^s
quietly on, yieldlnK a number of by
products. ineludlnK Illuminating oils.
lubricating oils, vaseline, paralllnc, as
phalt, naphtha, gasoline, etc.
This is one of the preat Industrial se
crets of the State. California oil was not
put In the ground by the Almighty to b'i
burned In ordinary "coal-oil" lamps as
the refineries of ISM are able to monkey
with it Nobody can burn distilled Cali
fornia oil in a lamp without i.. ins driven
out of the house by the odor and having
a lamp chimney to clean In a short time.
It smokes and smells. Up to date it is
better used in h furnace.
Hut some people do not think so and
this will be news to many Californians.
The Standard Oil Company controls the
Illuminating oil market out here as else
where. There Is no war between it and
the Union or any other California oil com
pany. The average householder knows
that the corner grocery soils oil at vari
ous prices. Good oil that neither smokes
nor stinks costs so much. Cheaper oil
smokes and stinks In either ■ lamp or a
coal oil stove. That cheap oil Is a mix
ture of California and tern oil. Hun
dreds of thousands of barrels of this mlx
ture are sold on this coast yearly. Men
who know the business say that Califor
nia burns on an nverapo a lower grade of
illuminating oil than any part of the dv
ilized world. The best Eastern oil is in
the market, but the cheaper oils described
are largely supplied and bought.
The reason why California petroleum
does not afford a K'-^'i Illuminating «>n \\,-.a
In its chemical composition. Petroleum,
which scientifically includes natural put,
mineral oils and .-..!' i] iis^'mlt, parafllna,
etc . Is a. hydrocarbon, i'nrbon and hy
dropen finer In greatly varying propor
tions into th»* composition of th» hydro
carbons. The Pennsylvania Illuminating
oil, constituting about s»t per cent, of the
crude product, lias won tlxi world because
the proportions of carbon and hydrogen
gave a comparatively perfect combustion.
When distillation, us now known. ,i
best with California oil the illuminating
oil produced burns with an ill-smelling,
sooty Ilame been use there Is a treuter pro
portion of carbon, ami hence not enough
hydrogen to maintain complete combus
tion. That is the re. is. >ri why the cheap
oil of the corner grocery smells.
Mr. Cooper ha* been wrestling with this
problem for some years, and his labora
tory experiments have been lesion li ■
aim has been to Invent a process by
which a hlKh-grado of illuminating 1]
can be made out of California petroleum.
Success In this effort would be one of the
greatest scientific. Industrial and Inven
tive triumphs which California has given
to the world. H would exceed in value
the dißcovory of the "coachlnc" pi
made accidentally a ppneration ago by i
negligent attendant on B petroleum still
which hu* Increased so much the per-ent
ape of illuminating oil obtainable from
crude oil. If the chemical constituents of
California oil car. be changed by an in
vented process rO ;,:- to prodUl 6 :i |
quality of illuminating oil the pi
will not only largely revolutionise :/;••
California oil industry, but will naturally
affect the Industry all over the world
The Htato Mineralogist Is not ready to
give the details of his pr< ■ appli
cations for patents .irr pending
Is Ptlll conducting experiments in bis
well-e.|ulpped private laboratory
the bay. All DC WU willing to SS
this
•I am fully satisfied that from California
petroleum tWi i .  r
cent of illuminating oil cunal to the best
in the world can l" pr tdu< •
centage varying with tin specific gravity
of the oil. When this is accomplished n
n is safe to say it win be. c a iir irni i ne
troleum will not be simply in romp.
with COB] but with illuminants as- well
and its relative price should be enhanced!
T/.ip will not be done by mi\in- with
the 0 0ll o i'tself" 1 b> ' a PFOOe " ° f SS * tto «
Thomas A. Edison says his plant on
the Ortiz grant, in New Mexico, will com
mence by taking out JIO.OOO a day. Figur
inK from his estimate of 1800.000.000 in the
district. it will require 219 years and 150
flay?, Including Sundays and holidays, to
extract the gold.— Exchange.
William Nlcholls Jr.. proprietor of the
Polar Star hydraulic mine at Dutch Flat
informs the Colfax Sentinel that ho will'
turn on water at th« mine December -
Two monitors wire used last season and
two more have been added for use in this
winter run. The mine employs a large
force of men Two thousand Inches of
water are used under pressure of several
hundred feet The gravel is coarse, and
large quantities of powder are needed
dislodge it from the bank. eaed to
Rev. Mr. Weber, the cvanjrelist. is a
mining man. and a thorough one at that.
He owns claims In Hut and Plumai
counties and is the agent for Eastern
capitalists. He is a geologist and MM
■ayer, and can la anything around .1 mine
from running an engine or amalgamat-
InK to sharpening a drill.— Nevada City
Transcript.
Frank Mandevllle of Willow Ranch
called at our olllce recently and drew
from his wallet a diamond washed from
the volcanic sands and gravels in the
vicinity of Nelson Point. The gem wa.s
discovered near the tall end of a sluice
box in which a quantity of gravel had
been washed.— Plumas Independent.
One of ihe instances of the Irony of fate
is the co.irlltlon of affairs at the Kedlands
mill near Haliarat. It seems that a cor
poration was formed In Southern <-ali
fornia for the ostensible purpose of work
tog a gold mine In the South Park min
ing district, but really with the object of
"skinning" confiding stockholders. A mod
ern milling plant was purchased and lo
cated all right, but th.r- was no ore. and
at the proper time the affair collapsed.
One day a prospector came along to in*
abandoned property. He dug around the
mill for a Bay or two. horned the rock,
and the result of his observations prov< d
the astounding fact that the mill ir.self
was built over a large vein— over twenty
feet of gold-bearing ore— that will mill
over 130 ■ — Plumas Independent.
Recently an old man operating one of
James N. Gillls' famous Jackass Pill
mines extracted a piece of gold which
was the exact counterpart of a duck, 'ihe
specimen weighed sixteen pennyweights
and Mr. Gillls purchased It at double
price.— Sonora Democrat.
As an evidence of the revival In mining
In Marlpom County we are Informed thai
I one day last week twenty-two ten-mule
m ,n l *l\ * M " rcOfl , for M «rtpo S a with mn-
l .™V I 7 and BU PP»*s- It »s stated
that the new owners of the grant pro
pose to spend J2.000.030 in development
work, and the butterfly county Is now en-
Joying a boom that justifies all that in
most ardent believer In the rtchnes. of
T?mcs a m * S eVer redlct^-Vi».-i!ia
ln .if i!f? d « »"Pnientß have h.-en made
in the Big H.iimnza nilrif. south of An
pels (amp, which have caused the stock
- ..^.. iiimp from BO cent* per ..haro ,"
ho Hinting is going on and the shaft
has reach -d a depth of 300 feet. At th"
£hfA ,r, r m k ™ v '"countered some of
; which will po as hiph as $1900 to the inn!
, A correspondent of the Unlon-Democr-it
from Big Oak Flat. Tuolumne cSCrtv
says: -Each succeeding week : brim clTl
\lcfnlt> and of vast amounts of capital
being invested in our mines, and there Is
every reason for assuming that this sec
in: nn r r^Vn;^'-- tht ' headofthe '- :
nt the OneMa mino process div
and nirrht Thj work f cleaSnV^?t the
..1.1 shaft !<> pomp forward as rani, v 4
1 ;; : . a n." »h- ""«•«! work )n thi new
f^^orouX P^V'tV^,^
the new mill Is ready for the superstru^
ture. work upon which will doubt"" r,L
before the water stops work. In t h«
case a number of wells will be due con
tißtious to each other and a suffldon
su, i v- reached in that way.-Randib^i
th at
mounted on ■ traction enplne. The drill
er has been secured solely for the mirooVo
of prospecting for gravel beds In Trlnitr
County The driller will be conveyed "by
its traction engine power to different 1,
ca Itles where conditions appear favor
able for underlying sravel'beds .-Redl
ding Searchlight J. o DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
or p To^ > K a r s m^\r r G °? a d n r clai
Charles X McClatchy of th. Sacramento
Bee is registered at the Lick with his
Arthur L. Lcvinsky. a Stockton attor-
I'Z'acl °°" a brlef Vi " U ' He '* at the
C. A Canfield and R. V. Ellis, who have
large intorwts In the Coallnga oil fields
aro at the Palace. Sf
T. S. Spatildlnar. a Woodland merchant
and C.eorge E. Wnhott. a Stockton "v"v
Grand"" 1 ' **' ftmon * the ••rivals at the
Mrs L. O. Schoonmaker arrived yester
day from her home In Plalnfleld V j
?hi ol i n . h at r the U9 F - X ■*—«
Major Charles McClure, U. 8 A Can.
tain Charles L. Potter. U. S. a' and
Oeorße , o McCTure arrived "yesterday
from the- DM en route to Manila, They
are registered at th« OccldentaJ
$?%, X Grlmnt who ls '"^rested in
gold dredging operations near Orovllle
Is nt the California w.,h his mother? Vi™
S. F . Murry. Mr. Grimn will make a fly!
ing business trip to Eastern points and
Win return home for the Christmas holl
days.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
A workman'B dining hall bat been estab
lished at the Chatham dockyard at a cobl
to the Government of 513.000. It is under
Hie management of the Dockyard Work
men'! Canteen Association.
T£° kfei of tho Bulwark, battle-chip of
U.OOO tons, was laid March 20. 1S». at
Devonport dockyard, and tho ship was
launched October IS. During this interval
aW tons of material was put In the
■• .-;.■!.
A fatal accident occurred on the Ger
man cruiser Hanaa last month, while on
her way from Singapore to China. A
."team pipe burst, scalding two flr. men t<»
death and ttir ship had to return to Singa
pore for repairs.
The Japanese battle-ship Shlkishirna,
recently built at the Thames Iron Works,
London, is Mill being put through a aeries
of trials while awaiting her armament.
During I trip at sea along the Cornish
coast last month she attained a speed of
IS.7S knots under forced draught and 17
knots under natural draught.
There are morn naval vessels built on
paper in Franca than In any other navy,
not excepting Italy. The latest addition
is a battle-shirk contracted for to be de
livered at Brest on or before June 11.
ITO3. The vessel in estimated to cost $4.
000,000. exclusive of armament, to be iia
feet In- Ungtli, 14,500 tons, and to have
triple-screw engines of 30.. horsepower
under forced draught and 10." 1 " horse
power under natural draught, with a coal
consumption limited to 14 and 1% p^un-ls
under the above conditions of power.
The British crusler Hyacinth of WOO
tons and XO.CQO horsepower has I*9*4
through a thirty hours' coal consumption
trial under one-fifth full power with the
following results: Horsepower. 2131:
speed. 12.1 knots, with steam at 13T
pounds. Ml revolutions and a consumption,
of 1.73 pounds per horsepower p*r hour.
Admiral Cervera. late commander In
chief of the 111-fated Spanlrh siuadron In
Cuban waters, has written a book of 213
pages containing dispatches receive! dur
ing the late war and also the reports of
his captains on the battle of Santiago. It
is published at Ferrol. and will probably
be translated In the Bun.au of Naval ID
telligence at Washington.
im! 1 , i J* ian clrru 'ar yncht Uvadla.
£/' Scolla "J «n U». has only per
formed one voya K e. namely from Glas C '»w
15 ."I,? 1 ' She dM not revolution!**
na%> building a. her designer. Admiral
it u°S" . .? Iy antlcl Pat«-<i Her engines
doing peaceful service In a factory and
the nm,,, f 1f ,,. la>a(lla hnn
prlately changed to that of Experiment.
Another theft of n code book I? .-aid to
; m^S&S on th * gunboat M "«S2 *t
Plymouth. The authorities refu.e Infor
mation, but It b admitted that a theft
J.?nn , ?? mmlltrd from th- captain*
; | ; ; " 1 "- a , ml rho ■
detained on board for a couple of night,
and a rigorous search made by the dock
i rmrd police. s,mo or the mt. wer* evin
"ripped. whHe others were paraded la
bar* feet and ttmr boots and Mocking*
: were overhauled. The missing book deal*
with a cod* nf " ffnals for shl^ soln X Into
action, which every now and again la
altered When the Magpie called NoJem!
ber 12 for the cape she had been supplied
with a new code. This Is the third time
within two years that naval code book*
have been stolen from ship*, and only In
the first case was the thief discovered
and punished.
There Is something amiss with the en
forcement of discipline In the Queen'a
navy and Indicates a very serious statj
of affairs. Th- number of courts-martial
held on sailors and marines for striking
or assaulting superior officers show a.
rapid annual increase. In KM there wera
79 cases. In 1537 there were 97. in .i during
UM the number had increased to 1«». Tho
growth of case* of "offense* against su
perior authority" Is a natural conse
quence, for whereas there wero only K3
In 1896 and M In 1537. the number rose tD
253 In ISOB. The total number of blue-
Jackets and marines afloat was 7/.201 la
IM6. In 1W the number was 82.241 and £3.
:« In IMS. There were In 1536 one case of
assault to ever)' 9*.' men. which In 1833
had Increased to one MM to every 69)
men. This offense Is practically unknown
In the United States navy, for the punish
ment Is Justly very severe, while In tho
British navy the punishment Is compara
tively slight; ___^
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Dsunrrus i j  !a i a , ra , Tn#J
home of Dreyfus is in Carpentras
I- ranee. I» ; f Vandause.
THE SHAMROCK-C. T. City. Th*
yacht Shamrock was designed by William
Fife Jr. of Fa ! r L l ''- on - the -flyde. and wa i
built by the Thornycrofts of Chlawtek.
England, She was launched June 2ft. IW.
AT SAN QUENTIN-R.. Oakland. Ccl.
The prison at Ban Quentin Is open to vis
itors dally, but It la advisable to n-Mr--.»
a communication to the Warden asking
him on what day the writer may have an
opportunity to see a certain prisoner II
Is only necessary to go to the prison an. l
apply at the gate for admission. Letters
sent to prisoners are read by the prison
oniclals. A prisoner Rains two month* In
credits for pood behavior the first year
four after the second, eipht th- thin'
twelve the fourth, seventeen the fifth*
twenty-two the sixth twenty-sflyn th«
feventh. thirty-two the eighth, thlrty
s*-ven the ninth and forty-two the temh
year; that Is to say. if a prisoner Is sen
tenced to five years, which Is- sixty
months, he can by good behavior havo
seventeen months of that time curtailed
and serve only forty-three months, or
three years and seven months. If the term
li ten years, or 13) months, he could re
duce his term to six yean and ;i half. Tb«
longer the term the greater the. amount
of credits.
Time to ship to Eastern friends Califor
nia glace fruits. 50 cents a pound. In flr«>
etched boxes or Japanese bask- Town
send's. Palace Hotel. •
Special Information wpaHai dally to
businesa houses nd public men by th*
Press CHpplng iJureau (Allen's), ilo Mont
gomery street. Main Wti. •
Best timekeepers in our "Little. Gold
Clock Department." Sanborn.Vall & Co."
At meetings of tho British Cabinet no
official record of any kind Is kept of th*
proceedings.
"Mrs. Wlntlow's Soothintp Svrnn"
Haa been n»M for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teethlns; with
perfect tuccess. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, repi
lates the Bowel* and Is th* beat remedy for
Diarrheas, whether artstnc from teething or
other causes. For tale by druegtat* In mry
part of the world. B« mire and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Fooifclr.B Syrup, tie a bottle.
Tourist Excursions.
Peraon&tly conducted tourist mxcantav. t1»
Santa Fe Rout*, with latest veitlbuled. cas lit.
upholstered «J*«pinc cars, throuxh from Cali
fornia to Boston every lnr»!«y. st Paul
every Sunday and Friday, to St. Louis *very
6unJay. and to Chlcaro and tntenn«dUt»
points mtmtf Sunday, Wednesday and Friday.
Call at ticket ofilce. CS Market street fjr full
particulars.
HOTEL DEL, CORONADO— Tak» ailvantaca
of th« round-trip tickets. Now only 160 by
eteamihlp, Includlnn fifteen day» - board at ho
trl; longer stay. JJ 00 per day. Apply at « N«w
Mootsomery street. San Francisco.
The California Limited
On th« Santa F# Route. Conncetlns trmla
leaves at $ p. m. Monday. Wednesday. Friday
and Saturday. On* day to see Lo« Angel** an 1
beautiful Pasadena If desired. All meals
nerved in Harvey's dining- car*. Fln<-»t
equipped train »nd best track of any line to th«
East. Get full particulars and handaam* folder
at ticket office. CS Market street.
In som«- part "h l«
announced .n* a silk
on tlw iloorknob. If the i>lnru |
the baby !■ a boy, and If white a Klrl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chiidren
in school? Then you have
often heard them complain
of headache; have frequently
noticed how they go about
in a listless, indifferent way,
haven't you?
Scotts £mufetcrL
docs grand things for such
children. It brings a healthy
color to their checks,
strengthens their nerves, and
gives them the vigor that be-
longs to youth. All delicate \ I
children should take it. A'
foe. and ft 00, »'.'. druuium York. '
SCOTT & BOWNfc, Chem^iif New Voffc.THE EMPORIUM.
Open Evenings.
December Sale
Carpets— Rugs— Mattings
Exceptional Carpet Bargains for early purchasers
—hundreds of rolls of new, this season's best pro-
ductions bought by the big store before the big ad-
vance in manufacturer's prices, go on sale to-day at prices which,
if we had to buy these Carpets now of the makers, would be en-
tirely without profit. Every one of the following items means a
saving of from 20 to 30 per cent.
Brussels Weave Ingrain, complete line of new patterns, strong and
durable, December sale price, per yard 240
Tapestry Brussels, good quality, strictly wool surface, fine line of
patterns in parlor, hall and stair effects, December sale price,
per yard 4/©
Sanford's Tapestry Brussels, double extra quality, an immense as-
sortment of the newest styles, including handsome hall and
stair patterns ; these Carpets with or without borders, Decem-
ber sale price, per yard 65c
No better grade of Tapestry made than the above. They are
full ten-wire goods and the combination price is $1.00 per yard.
Body Brussels, Whittals and Lowell make, with or without borders,
no better grade of Body Brussels made ; this splendid Carpet
marked for the December sale, per yard . $I*o7 1-2
Wilton Velvet, heavy deep pile Carpet, Persian, Oriental and Floral
effects, with or without borders, for the December sale, per
yard 77 1-2o
Linen Warp Matting?, art and tile effect, heavy, durable, service-
able goods, in a wide range of pretty and unique designs, De-
cember sale price, per yard 250
m emporium
W w Oolden fjtule ftazaar.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
AMUSEMENTS.
■Rm BILL AN *IN STANT ANEOUS HIT! '
The Famous Ixxltlmate Start,
EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
& CO.
The Monoloclst.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
And a Big Collection of VauCevlll* Etara.
LAST WEEK.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE,
Queen of Comic Opera.
Referred Pe-at«. J>; Balcony. l»s: Opera :
Chaim and Box Feats, We.
Matlnr^s Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA t£a
Commcn=inji TO-NIGHT,
Encasement cf tbe D!stlnpu!she3 Actor,
« FREDERICK WARDE
Toceit.er with MR. AND MRS. CLARENCE M.
DRCXB anil an Excellent Company.
TO-NIGHT. TVI-SPAT. WEDNESDAY. nu- ; ■
DAY AND SATURDAY NIOHTS.
**TMi LION'S MOUTH."
THURSDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY MAT-
INEE "ROMEO AND JULIET."
SUNDAY "RICHARD III."
r>r>ir*f^C EVENING 230 to SI
rKIVL>O MAT. SAT 250 to 7.-..-
CALIFORNIA JREATER !■{?»
AGAIN A TEXsSTRXKK.
AGAIN A BEAITIFCIi PRODUCTION.
THE SPLENDID PLAY.
"THE FATAL CARD."
Superbly Acted by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
TT.e Fame Play TO-NIGHT. TUESDAY AND
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS.
AT THE KKQI'EST OF THOUSANDS
AND T>» ICSBT A POPULAR DEMAND.
Thursday, riidiiy and Patutday Nlchta and
Saturday Matint-e.
Revival of tbe Great English Racine Drama, .
• THE SPORTING DUCHESS."
P: AH 1:1 Evenlnic ~TOc. t3e, He.
RICES 1:1 Matin ■ We. Me.
In Preparation— Pinero'n Beautiful Play.
-THE PRINCESS AM) THE BUTTERFLY."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIM ML
ONLY THIS WEEK,
BY GENERAL REQUEST. ONE OF THE
SEASON'S GREATEST HITS.
THE CHIMES OF
NORMANDY!
rmjal Prlee« »c, SSe, SSc. 15c and 10c
Good Re«erve4 Seat at Saturday M.itlnee, JOc.
Branch Tlc):et Office Hriporlum.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT Cerlns the Final Week of
FRAN':? POWERS* Beautiful Mexican Play.
"MOTHER EARTH"
MEXICAN LIFE ILLUSTR.\TED.
Preceded by the Laughable Farce Entitled,
•♦UP TO WATKINS."
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next We*k— Reappearance of
ERNEST HAS! INGS • in - "DR. BILL."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
EECONI> MEETING. Dec < :C. '.S.'t. Inclusive.
fclx hlKh-cUis runnlne races every week-day,
rain or ehlne. beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The IJcal artßlcr rai.-ctrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly Srom the railroad cara Into
a »uperb crand »tati 1. clacs-enclose^ where
ccmlortably housed in bsd weather they tan
cnjwy an HHMBBtI \lew of the race*.
Trains le*r« Third and Townnend streets at
Kid, ID 40 and 11:30 a. m.. and ttda, 1!:3&. IXM
and J:IS p. m.. returning immediately after
la*t race and at <II p. m. Rear <«rs reserved
lor women and their escort*. No raoklnx.
Valencia rtrwt 10 minutes later.
Kan Jrae ar.d way nations. Arrive at San ;
ttruno at 12.45 p. m. Leave San Bruao at 4:00 I
ard «:«S p. m.
Rates: Kan Frar.rl»<-o to Tanf< ran end re-
turn. Including admission to track. SI IS.
TV. J. MARTIN. President.
F. 11. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
f-mcir .'or «Jf>ucf»Lo-a>
j£»2*^VUr£*G3a Olwt. op*rm^i ..rrbii'rt,
/ejjy«Bl»»s«»r»-V3 *»ltta. un natural li*.
JDVaff Quna*M« V f litre-", or »ny lafl:.-imv
BJa»J| not to ■trtewa. li'.ti, irrttatlon or ck-era<
»—^ Pf»rcaa awmtiw. tloa cf mucous n..u«-
7!i TKtEuKBo««iCilCa branea. No«-aatrtBt«BU
\6&k csskMii.o ESS! ak>ld by «r««r<«tis
.MV C.T.A >« cr • < " at Id pUto wrKpi«t. '
JvAK. \^PV >7 »xpre*s rrrt.mu. fa*
>Tl ' liiTiH rii " ri l ljtXJ . ° r > b«lU«, fi.Tfi.
- v^ ■ Urcaur wet <* ratas^ ,
THE EMPORIUM.
AMUSEMENTS.
GET IN LINE EARLY!
SALE OF SEATS' begins at 9
o'clock THIS MORNING at tho
Orphsum Box Office.
Thursday Afternoon,
December 14.
"? T .". E Orpheum.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
IN AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND
OP THE
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco.
Tflt GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
FREDERICK WAKDE and MRS. C M
IJRI'NE In the Balcony Scene from "ROMEO
AND JULIET." Columbia Theater.
The FIUWLET COMPANY. In THE LIT-
TLEST GIRL." from the California.
An act of "THE CHIMES OF NORMANDT."
from the Urand Opera House.
An art of "Mother Earth" from th« Alcazar.
CAMILLE I»ARVILLn. MR. and MRS. ED-
JTIN MiLTON ROYLE. CORNILLE. GEORGE
FTLLEII G^LDKN and the Cream of Vaude-
ville, rrom the i >rph*um.
KERRIB HABTMAM and aa Operatic Sur-
rrl»». from the .oil.
ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS, from
the Alliarr.bra.
MAJOR MITE and Blr Thlncm. from the
Chute*.
THE MOURINO BROTHERS, from th«
Oljrr.pla.
GRAND OPEN AIR CONCERT AT NOON!
Curtain feists at 1 o'clock sharp.
CARRIAGES AT 5:30.
The Managers and Actors have helped
evrry known charily. .Now help them.
RESERVED SEATS— Entire Ground Floor.
SI: Halcony. 3c and COc; Box Seats. Jl SO.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddy and Jonos Sts. Fhoae SOUTH 770.
ONE WEEK ONLY — MATINEE SATURDAY
A GENUINE TREAT.
THE GEORGIA MINSTRELS !
A Truly Wonderful Performance In It»
Entirety.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evenlnca iJc, 80, ».>, and to,,
Matinee 15c. 25c and J5 O
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. THE GREAT SHOW,
BLACK P»T.T« TROUBADOURS.
POPULAR PRICES.
15c. 35c. 3.".«-. sOc and Tsc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
15c, Be, STiC and 50c.
FEn-RE BEATS THURSDAY and don't
wait for the usual big crush Sunday night.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ENTIRELY REDECORATED AND RENO-
VATED.
PACKED TO THB DOORS AGAIN LAST
NIGHT!
Everjth!r«r*B Just Like It Used to Bel
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY
MATINEE.
The Triumphant Comic Opera.
TAR and TARTAR
Presented by a Superb Cast, Including
FERRIS HART/WAN.
POPULAR PRICES— 3 AND SO CENTS.
Tele?hon« for Seats. Bufh 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
In His Great Imitation of CORNILLE.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
PItANK HALL
6ubdu!ng "Wallace." the Monster Lion.
ELI -A BURT. coasting the Chutes. '
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
THURSDAY" MGHr,
AMATEUR PINAFORE
MINSTRELS.
Phone for Seats— Park 21.
Christmas
Eye=Glasses
Can be purchased for anybody and exchanged
Inter to null the elcht. All fitted with tbe new
clip — don't slip, tilt or waver. New Opera
ci.ifn.-n arriving dally. B. it L. 7>>r,s Stereo
Field Glasses.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
Ins. Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
642 Market St.;>struhents
'«nata tnenifit Bu>. (mil.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
CAUGHT IN A TERRIFIC STORM OFF THE JAPANESE COAST,
ZEALANDIA IN A
HEAVY GALE OFF
JAPANESE COAST
Transport Back From
Mania Again.
WAR SAID TO BE NEARLY OVER
FILIPINOS ADMIT THTY HAVE
BEEN "BEATEN CxOOD."
That Is What They Told C. S.
Robinson, One of the Pas
sengers on the Zea
landia.
The transport Zealandla arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yeserday after a
roost stormy passage from the latter
place. On November 27 she was caught In
a t. -rrlflc storm, and several of the crew
still bear the marks of the injuries they
received. Chief Steward "Tom" James
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR WELL PEOPLE
An Easy Way to Keep Well.
It Is easy to keep well if we would only
observe each day a few simple rules of
health.
The all Important thing is to keep the
stomach right and to do this it la not
necessary to diet or to follow a set rule
or bill of fare. Such pampering simply
makes a capricious appetite and a feel-
Ing that certain favorite articles of food
mu.-t be avoided.
Prof. WlechoUl gives pretty good ad-
vice on this subject. II" say.-: "I am 63
years old and have never had a serious
Illness, and at the same time my life
has been largely an Indoor one. but I
early discovered that tho way to keep
healthy was to keep a healthy stomach,
not by eating bran crackers or dieting of
any sort; on the contrary I always eat
what my appetite craves, but for the past
eight years I have made it a dally prac-
tice to take one or two of Stuart Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meal and I at-
tribute my robust health for a man of
my ape to the regular dally use of Stu-
art's Tablets.
"My physician first advised me to use
them because he said they were perfect-
ly harmless and were not a secret patent
medicine, but contained only the natural
digestives, peptones and diastase, and af-
ter using them a few weeks I have never
ceased to thank him for his advice.
"I honestly believe the habit of taking
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after meals Is
the real health habit, because their use
brings health to the sick and ailing and
preserves health to the well and strong."
Men and women past fifty years of age
need a safe digestive after meals to in-
sure a perfect digestion and to ward off
disease, and the safest, best known and
most widely used is Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
They are found in every well regulated
household from Maine to California and
in Great Britain and Australia are rapidly
pushing their way into popular favor.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, full sized packages at 60 cents
and for a weak Ftomnch a fifty cent pack-
ago will often do fifty dollars' worth of
good.
17TTD GARMENTS
; T\ All Styles.
-*> v# .ILIL Lowest Prices.
& t
TAILORING 4|fj
EVENinas
WHY
Use a Welsbach Light?
If you don't get a genuine
Welsbach Light, you don't get
your moneys worth. See that
you get it.
Tho Genuine Gives -■ Trade
Satisfaction. In WE LS BACH
Sealed Box Bearing Marie
1 ALL DEALERS
Bexmrc of Oawn.tr.rteU Mantle* and cheap
imitation bran part*.
ivsiT DR. JORDAN'S great!
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q!) ( ion a. m. e±*7tt. e.r.ca A
\ *^t The L»t{»e«t Anatomical Museum in tbe
U _or->~v w «*t M eakne?»es or *ny contracted Q
L. W2» V?«M d'*«**e pemlil»«-ly enr*4 by the oldest '
9 IBS I £>I>ccuJUtr»ihcCott:. t»L 36 ytuf ■
A iffPk 0.1. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES*
\ l|tD )■ Ccmutution bee and itrictl» prrrite \
a ■ JL**t (j Tr« nmeßt personally or by letter. At
\1 ¥ M M "••'"« «-'"»■• m »eryc*icua?lenak«i. W
if if 1* Write for Hook. PtHLOKOPBYvr i I
r 1 J I 1I 1 HaRMUCE, MAILED PRBB. (AY
(?) U /i vtluable book fcr mra)
9 DB JORDAN AC©.. 1051 Market St.. a F. 9
11 t» "% "»A "»J> ~fc t»> % fi ■>%,%. a^p
fill W^t^ Permanent cure. Entire Umo
U3 I Lw V devoted to rectal di«eaaes.
wT HI aP "^ References, those cured. No
1. RIjMJkJ " ;l «' l- A. J. ATKINS.
U. D.; »35 Sutler «t.. San
1- rancltco; hour* 1 to 1 p. m.
was washed Into the scuppers while try-
Ing to take a picture of a big roller that
was coming up astern, and had his back
hurt. Chief Officer Deering was thrown
against a stanchion, and still walks with
a limp as a consequence. One of the fire
men had his scalp cut, and the firemen's
mess boy still carries his arm In a sling
by having been thrown across the meas
room. Ons of the quartermasters was
also hurt.
Dr. Beverley Clark lost his pet monkey
overboard. The little animal escaped from
the doctor's room during the storm, and
Eomo of the sailors attempted to catch
It. The monkey got on the lee rail and
seemed fascinated with the bight of the
raging waters. As the men made a grab
at It the monkey put Its paws together
and, taking the attitude of a diver ready
for the plunge, went overboard. Dr. Clark
threw his pet a rope, but, although it
could be seen swimming In the heavy sea,
it could not reach tho rope, and was
drowned. That was the only fatality dur
ing the voyage.
Chief Steward James has a snap shot
of the wave that nearly cost him his
life. He had Just pressed the button when
the sea broke aboard and carried "Tom"
and his camera into the scuppers. The
same wave carried away two of the ship's
boats and smashed thorn Into kindling
wood; so everybody aboard Is anxious to
see that negative developed.
The full' wing puijSfneers came up on
the Zealandla.: Major Charles McClure,
paymaster, U. S. A.; Captain C. L. Pot
ter. Engineer Corps, U. H. A.; George G.
McClure, George Gibson McClurt-, B. J.
Slttig and J. R. Dv Chaucy, pay clerks,
I. fc>. A.; Captain T. P. Dorrls, master of
tho wrecked transport Morgan City; J.
J. Kenney ami William Keemer, dis
charged soldiers, and C D. Robinson. The
latter gentleman is in the contracting and
stevedoring business at Manila, and has
for a partner Fred Macondray, formerly
purser of the transport Valencia. They
had the contract to get the United States
cable ship Hooker oft the rocks at Cor
regldor, but failed, and the wreck has
been abandoned.
The Hooker was formerly the Spanish
steamer Panama, but was capturea soon
after tho outbreak of thw war and turned
into a United States trans-port. She was
sent to Manila with a cable for an lnter
lsland service, but was wrecked. All the
cable was got out of her by Robinson
A Macondray's men. but an examination
by divers showed that there was a hole
thirty feet long In The hull, and that the
machinery and boilers and everything else
In the hull were loose. The vessel was
then left to Its fate. Mr. Robinson says
that the Filipinos are beaten, and that
several of the captured Insurgents so ac
knowledged to him before he left Manila.
"They told me when talking about the
fighting." said Mr. Robinson yesterday,
"that they had been 'beaten good.' From
now on I think there will be little else
but guerrilla warfare. Lawton and Mac-
Arthur hay© the island divided between
them, and Agulnaldo was in a corner
when we left. The cavalry has done
splendid service in Luzon, but there are
not enough horses down there. Uncle
Sam should send horßes artd not men
from this time on. as the mounted troops
will end the warfare and not the In
fantry."
< "aptaln Dorrls of the wrecked Morgan
City comes home completely exonerated
from all blame by the Japanese court of
Inquiry. "Going through the Inland sea
I had a pilot who had been twenty years
in the business," said he yesterday,
"nevertheless he lost his way and r;in
the Morgan City hard and fast on the
beach. 1 had been continuously on the
bridge for twenty-six hours and went be
low to get a mouthful to eat. Twenty
minutes later the crash came. The offi
cers of the regiment we had aboard kept
splendid discipline, and there was no
panic. Everybody was landed and no
one hurt." While the court exonerated
Captain Dorrls the pilot lost hia com
mission and will never be able to navi
gate the inland waters as a master again.
While the Zealandia was at Manila Cap
tain J. Wallace of the American ship J.
R. Walker was married to a Miss Mo-
Kenzie of Yokohama. The young lady
went to Manila, and there the ceremony
was performed. Mrs. Wallace Is now on
her way to New York with her husband
on the J. B. Walker. Captain Wallace
Is the son of the well-known San Fran
cisco pilot.
The hearts of the priests at Malate
were made glad by the return of over
$12,000 worth of valuable relics while the
Zealandla was In Manila Ray. A com
pany of engineers drove a body of in
surgents out of a small town and there
found a lot of loot which the Filipinos
wero preparing to turn into rash. First
S-'rpeant Reardon of Company A, Knsrl
n< <r «'orps. was sent to notify the fath
ers that they could have the church
property whenever they wanted It. The
• the priests was very great . as they
never expected to see the relics again.
The bodies of Captain H. J. McCrath
of the Fourth Cavalry. H. H. Hopkins.
Company F, First California, and Frank
J. Murray, Company A. First California,
arrived on the transport. Captain Mc-
Grath was killed a few days before the
Zealandla reached the Philippines. He
was out on the south firing line and was
shot In the leg. The wounded man was
tak<n to Manila and operated on, but
Oied n few days later Hopkins and Mur
ray were shot early In the war and were
burled In Manila. Their remains came
home consigned to Mayor Phelan.
FUNERAL OF MRS. CROWLEY.
Remains of the "Wife of the ex-Chief
of Police Interred at Calvary
Cemetery.
The funeral of th* late Mrs. Mary A.
Crowley. wife of ex-Chief of Police Pat
rick Crowley. was hold yesterday after
noon from the family residence, 1629 Sac
ramento street.
Kotwlthstandlng the wish of the bereav
ed relatives that the funeral should be
strictly private and that no flowers be
sent, friends of the deceased lady respect
ed and loved her so well for her many
admirable qualities that they sent an
abundance of floral emblems and many
attended the funeral. The Interment took
place in Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Rev. Father Ryan of St. Rrigid's
Church celebrated the mass for the dead
at the house. The pallbearers were:
Chief of Police Lees. Captain John F.
Seymour. Detective (Jus Harper; Thomas
O'Brien, ex-Tax ('"Hector: Captain
Charles Mayo and Lawrence Selingor.
Among those present were Robert J. To
bln. Police Commissioner; Captains Bo
hen. SpiUane, Dunl^avy, Glllin and Mo
ran. Sergeant Green and Officer John
Cronln.
Violated lire Ordinance.
William P. Jones, a carpenter, was
arrested yesterday afternoon on com
plaint of the Fire Wardens for erecting
a wooden shed on the site of the Bald
win Hotel ruinß. corner of Powell and
Market streets. In violation of the fire
ordinance. He waa released on $50 cash
ball.
Our store will be open evenings during
December. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
BERGEROT NOW
CRITICIZED FOR
PETTY POLITICS
Accused of Misusing
His Office.
TEACHERS ARE INDIGNANT
BOND FJGHT BRINGS FHELAN
AGAIN TO THE FBONT.
He Effects Another Compromise With
the Gas Company and Lighting
Contracts Go Over for
Six Months.
The attempt of P. A. Bergerot, Presi
dent of the Board of Education, to make
a postal card canvass of the School De-.
partment, In order to fix himself more
tirraly In the good graces of Mayor Phe
lan, has got the dapper little head of
things educational Into several different
temperatures of hot water. Ills fellow
members on the School Board, who are
not out for office, are giving him the
laugh In liis discomfiture. The teachers
among whom Bergerot tried to do his
politics, and the members of the women's
clubs who have been agitating the project
to have Mayor Phelan appoint two women
educators to the Incoming School Board,
havo risen In their Indignation and are
hurling at the Bergerot bead large and
well-seasoned bunches of criticism and
accusations of varied character.
To the postal cards which Bergerot sent
out the other day. In which he demanded
that every teacher In the Department de
clare herself either for or against the
proposition, Bergerot attached his official
signature as l'resident of the Board of
Education. It was a clever device, for It
gave to Bergerot's private political aspi
rations the semblance of ofllclai authorix
aticn. The only drawback to it was that
every teacher who got a postal discovered
the scheme and then got mad.
So far Mr. Bergerot has received only
forty odd replies to his list of questions
and according to a prominent teacher In
the department who was speaking of the
matter yesterday he can expect few more
Referring to the feeling against Bergerot
she paid:
"President Bergerot has Bimply used his
ofnVial position in an attempt to curry
fav.-r with Mayor Phelan. lie has not
only done that but he has tried to make
his capital out of us. I hope he Is sat
isfied with the result. If Mr. Bergerot
wants a position on the next School Board
he has no right to attempt to use the de
partment to further his personal ends. If
we want women on the next board we
will Inform Mayor Phelan and not Mr
Bergerot, of whose appointment as the
Mayor's agent we have not yet had no
tice."
The forty and odd postals received In
reply to Bcrgerot indicate a mixed desire
Some favor no women, others one woman
and others two women. Nearly all of
them, however, agree that Superintendent
\\ e»>:-tcr should appoint a woman as one
of his deputies. A campaign with that
object in view has been started and the
opposition to W. D. Klngsbury's appoint
ment, which has already developed ia
strengthening. Klngsbury is in disfavor
with many of the leading lights of the
department and many wires are being
pulled to compel Webster to give that
particular dt-putyshlp to some woman
teacher. Otherwise the Board of Educa
tion plate stands v when last announced.
Mayor Phelan's singular silence regard
ing' "I 'polntments is worrying the Job
chasers. It Is already near the middle
of the last month and the Civil Service
Commission, upon which so much de
pends, is not yet announced, and the
"pollles." who have lately accustomed
themselves to a polish of grammar and
simple arithmetic, fear it will all wear off
before they have a chance to use it.
The bond elections are dividing interest
with the main question and the light that
was started against them has resulted in
bringing the Mayor into the arena, pan
handle in hand, to direct a counter cam
paign. Registration for the panhandle
election will close to-morrow night and
the sewer and schoolhouse bonds on
Thursday night of this week.
Mayor Phelan has finally had a talk
upon the street-lighting contracts with J
B. Crockett, president of the Gas and
Electric Company, and In a letter which
he has addressed to the Board of Su
pervisors, says that the company has
Bjrrmd to furnish street lights at tho com
promise price fixed last June, until the
end of the next half of the fiscal year
Mayor Phelan has agreed on his part to
have the late bids or the company either
laid on the table or rejected until the rate
Is regularly fixed by the charter Board of
Supervisors. k
INHALED TOO MUCH GAS.
Lena Yepson, Waitress In a Restau-
rant, Found Unconscious in Bed.
Lena Yepson, a waitress In A. O. Qutm
by's restaurant, 969 Howard street, had
a narrow escape yesterday from being a
victim to carbon monoxide. She resides
In the Orlando House, Sixth and Howard
streets, and was discovered In bed during
the morning with the gas turned on. Hr-r
window was fortunately slightly open,
otherwise she would have been a subject
for the Morgue.
MSs Yepson was taken to -the Receiving
Hospital In the ambulance and was scon
pronounced out of danger. She Bald she
went to bed Saturday night about 9
O'clock, and how the gas got turned on is
a mystery to her. as she declared she
did not do It herself. It Is supposed Phe
did It accidentally-.
Young Artiste to Entertain.
Next Thursday evening the many
friends of little Alma Wuthrich will ten
der her a testimonial benefit at Frank
lin Hall, Flllmore and Bush streeu. in
spite of her tender years, the little ar
tiste has played many successful engage
ments with local attractions, her most
conspicuous success blng with The
Brownies Company. Many of her pro
fessional friends, including the heat tal
ent In the city, have volunteered their
«. -rvices. and a fine programme should
serve to draw a large audience.
"California Violets," a calendar for
1900, published by Sanborn, Vail & Co.
price 50c. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A STUDY OF SHAKESPEARE'S FOOLS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE,
Contributor* to this eours«: Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolf* T>r Hamilton
W. Mable, Dr. Albert B. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. I»oac N. Denunon. Dr. VI 1» D Bcud
d«r and others. v
VIL THE FOOLS OP SHAXES
PEABE.
(Concluded.)
It Is evident then, that Bhakespeare
places even the lowest order of his clowns
In Intimate relation to the main actions of
the plays. In their simplicity they not
only throw light on the conduct of the
main characters and unwittingly let out
the truth about these, but they keep the
principal Idea prominent by their actions.
Even their vulgarity counts. Of only two
of the early comedies can It be said that
the clowns are without appreciable Influ
ence upon the plots— the "Comedy of Er
rors" and "The Taming of the Shrew."
These show the 'prentice hand. In them
the clowns stand apart from the action of
the plays. Yet it Is to be remembered
that In all cf the plays preceding Shakes
peare the clown parts furnished notrlng
but Irrelevant buffoonery. The wonder Is
that he discovered so soon the dramatic
possibilities of the fool and made him
mean something In the dramatic scheme.
We may notice, too, In the early comedies
REDUCED FAC-SIMItB OP TITMJ PAQB OF SECOND QUARTO
F.I;ITION.
how the poet Is developing that mastery
over word and phrase, that facility of ver
bal invention, to which the adjective
"Shakespearean" Is applied. In the two
plays last named he seems to revel In now
found powers and to set no bounds to
their exercise; profusion of epithet de
lights him. It can be easily understood
how the fool element gave free play 10
his language Inventiveness. The fool
might be gorrulous. Inconsequential, In
exact and reckless In speech, but he was
expected to be ready and venturesome.
The fool-speeches may be regarded In
these early comedies as so many experi
ments In language. They test and try
one phrase after another to find out how
much It will yield. The fool seems to lis
ten to his own words In order to discover
their remotest suggestions as a basis for
his new ventures In wordy warfare.
Much of Shakespeare's later Ingenuity in
phrasemaking and much of the ease and
scope of his later diction con be traced to
the freedom with which he was permitted
to manage the language of the fools In
his earliest plays.
Leaving the Instinctive fools, like Cos
tard and Launce. and the mechanical buf
foons like Grumlo. and Dromlo of Ephe
sus. we reach the plays tn which Shakes
peare has presented fo>ls of a higher or
der, the fools of conscious wit and wis
dom—like those In "Lear." "Twelfth
Night" and "As Tou Like It." These men
know what they are about; they are In
line with nature, but they are playing a
part, however much they may dissemble.
Kent discovers that Lear's boy Is not all
fool, and although Cella refers to Touch
stone as x "natural." Jaques finds In him
the real character of humorist and phi
losopher. Either Touchstone Is wondrous
skillful In the first act In passing for a
pure fool or there are two fools In the
play. Dr. Furness puts the question thus:
"Is the 'clownish fool" and the 'roguish
clown' of the first act. with his bald Jests
of knights and pancakes, the Touchstone
of the fifth act. who has trod a meas
ure, flattered a lady, been politic with his
friend and smooth with his enemy? U
the simpleton of the first act 'nature's
natural' as he Is In truth, the same with
the Touchstone who can cite Ovid and
quarrel In print by the book? Are there
not here two separate characters?" If
there are two fools It cannot be doubted
which of the two Is the real Touchstone,
the real tester of human quality and char
acter and social situation, as the name
Touchstone Indicates. When Rosalind
says: "Thou speakest wiser than thou art
'ware of." Touchstone humors the belief
that he Is an Innocent: "Nay, I shall
ne'er be 'ware of mine own wit till I
break my shins against It." lie Is willing
to please and to be pleased, whatever es
timate may be nut on his abilities. He Is
content with the world, though he does
like to parody Its shams. Society does
not believe more strongly than Touch
stone. In talking with Cnrln. pretends to
believe that bad manners mean damna
tion. "Why, If thou never wast at court,
thou never sawest good manners; if thou
never sawest good manners, then thy
manners must be wicked, and wickedness
is sin. and sin Is damnation. Thou art In
a parlous state, shepherd." Touchstone's
alliance with Audrey is his humorous sa
tire on 111-mated couples and marring.**
not based upon true love. It Is "a poor
humor" of his to take 111-favored Audrey
because she Is honest.
The etiquette of quarreling and other
overwrought schemes of etiquette were
never treated with such delicious satire
as Touchstone's In the famous dii
tlon on the "seventh causo" <A<-t V
scene 4). And how ridiculous does this
wise and pleasant fool render those ever
dreary and ever-renewed discussions of
the relative merits of city and country
life, which usually come to naught h.
cause they assume that real happln.
pends on where a man lives rathrr than
on what he Is! Touchstone iln<ls tho
shepherd's life "In respect to Itself a
very good life: "but In respect that It is
a shepherd's life. It la naught"'— and with
mock seriousness he continues to paly <fr
th© advantages and disadvantages (Act
111, scene 2> as his betters have done be
fore and since, purposely missing the
main points that would have made the
dlscuselon worth while. Jacques Is sup
posed to Interpret aright Touchstone's
character (act 11, scene 7), but the Duke
Senior Is also right when h» Bays Act V,
seen© 4) that Touchstone "uses his folly
like a stalking horse and under the pre
sentation of that he shoots his wit."
Touchstone* wit and satire Is. however,
of the kindly sort; he has no serious
complaint to make after all; he Is but
one In a world of Irresponsible*- a world
that la very pleasant with all of Its faults.
He breathes the romantic air of the for
est, like his betters, and is kept In har
mony with the prevailing mood of th«
play, to which he Imparts a humorously
moralizing element.
Feste, the fool in "Twelfth Night." Is
not so wise as Touchstone, but he Is
more quick and facile. Shakespeare per
mits him to enjoy and understand almost
all of the other people In the play, an
advantage which Is denied to all save
Feste. If he Is not so Intimately wrought
into the texture of the plot as Touch
stone In "As You Like It." he seems to
preside over It everywhere. He con hard
ly be blamed for feeling his superiority,
for he Is the keenest of observers, ana
of ail Shakespeare's fools the most versa
tile. He feels both the comedy and the
romance of the changing situations, and
adapts himself to all of them with eas«
and geniality. The brightest of fools. he,
is usually "In very gracious fooling." Is
ready with "a love song or a song of
food life" for Sir
Toby, and can as
easily please the,
duke's lovesick hu
mor (which hn
knows to bo half
fudge) with a senti
mental song of woe.
The chief function
of the Shakespear
ian fool as crttlo
of the other char
acters is exemplled
In Feste more
plainly than in the
fools of the other
comedies. For In
this play the other
characters are so
engrossed with love
or wine or self-con
celt that the fool
may criticize them
impartially and
boldly, without dan
ger to himself. Ho
has his fling at
Maria. Olivia. Mal
vollo and Sir Toby
in a single sceno
(act I, scene 5). and
before, the play Is
done he has exhibit
ed the falling* of
the others (act 11.
scene 3; act 11. 4;
111. 1: TV, 2). Ho
even depreciates hl3
own office, calling
himself Olivia*
"corrupter of
words." In spite oC
his evident pride in
his accomplish
ments. And at th*
last Shakespeare
leaves him on tho
fate- to sing con
tentedly of the folly
of men and of tho
rain falling on Just
and unjust. "A great
while ago the world
begun." and Feste
is not troubled that
It hasn't Improved
faster.
different from
the £*•■ and versa
tile Feste Is the
cWply tragic fool In
••Kir Lear." Ho
is overwhelmed with tho fnlly and sin
which he sees about him. Th»r
real gayety left in the hoy. although h«
tries to keep up appearances: his
are- but variations of the awful th- •■
the tragedy; his ■allies ..
dlctments of Lear and full of a s.t! Irony.
Out of love for L*\ir md Cordelia h«
cllnirs to th" King as long as possiMe. but
he cannot forbear continually reminding
I. ear (and the aridl^ncei every time !
lean on th<> ttam (act I. n<-en<» 4; I. 5 II
4: 111, 2» that It Is Lear's folly and ill
have brought about the ruin and cal i
This Is the important function assigned
to Lear's fool— the ?adest. the most pa
thetic fool in the plays.
Ohio State University.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn- Winter Term, 1890-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World* Oreat
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studlea for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATTJEDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
MOSES AND DARWIN.
Isaac Selby Contrasts Their Teach*
ings at Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
Isaac Belby contrasted tho teachings of
Moses and Darwin yesterday afternoon
before a largo audience In the- Y. M. C.
A. auditorium. He contended that Dar
win's theory of the origin of man was
absolutely false find that the only true
solution of the problem of man 1 existence
lies In his creation by God. who had con
tided to Moses by revelation.
"Darwin comes to us." said Mr. Selby.
"with certain speculations of science
while Moses comes to us with th© word
of God regarding man's creation, and the
latter Is entitled to our fullest credence
"While we must credit Charles Darwin
with all ho has contributed to natural
science and placo him among the. great
men of the world, we need not Indorse his
speculative opinion.
"Darwin Introduced th© subject of evo
lution and based It on the similarity of
structure in the animal world, but this
similarity only goes to show that th.- *am«
mind created both tho lower and hltrher
Sl JVh i.i ii l man , lf '"' ? Ood ' s uniformity
with which his plans In nature were con
ceived. Darwin ■ arguments based on tho
rudimentary organs and the science of
embryology, which teaches the condition
of life before birth, Pr ° VO n >thln«c or
prove too mui'h.
"All that Darwin has discovered Moses
told many years before In th© Book of
Life and It proves only that God created
the simpler forms of life ilrst. and tho
complex later, llnlshlng up with man on
the sixth day. Darwin's confessed Im
perfections In his genealogical record cer
tainly disproves his other reasonings by
analogy and demonstrate th.it Moses*
story of the creation was the only logical
and correct one."
Appeal for Hospital Donations.
In view of the near approach of Christ
mas. when everybody is supposed to bo
engaged In preparing a happy surprise
for some relative or friend. It has been
suggested that the Inmates of the City
and County Hospital should not be over
looked by th. charitably inclined peopla
of the city. Donations of old linen,
clothes, lint, easy chairs and blankets
will bo gratefully received for th© we
and comfort of the patients of that In
stitution. An Insufficient appropriation
for the proper conduct of the hospital Is
said to have compelled the most rigid
economy In its management, hence do
nations such as those referred to would
be particularly acceptable at this time.
Miss May Patton, head nurse at the hos
pital, also suggests a theater party for
the nurses.
56
SPORTING EVENTS OF SUNDAY
LUXOR ROMPS
THROUGH THE
OPEN STAKE
San Jose Greyhound Adds to
His Victories at Union
Park.
Coursing of the highest possible claw,
Uoth from the bettor's point of view and
from that of the mere spectator, marked
the sport of the leash at Union Park yes
terday. The stake, In which the highest
class dog* in the State were engaged, was
won by Curtis • Son's Luxor, the black
«nd whlto s;on of Skyrocket and Wave,
i H« enjoyed the fortunes of coursing
throughout the day. killing quickly In the
.majority of Instances and thus had little
'taken out of him.
Ho d« featM Magneto by a score of ft— o.
tjennlo Wilson. 4—2: a byu with Gladiator,
i"wnom ho brat. 8—0; Hot Haste. &— and,
pn the rtnal. T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee.
"6— L He led to the bare by a gradually
length* nlng distance, let his opponent In
■lor only a mom«-nt and then killed.
There were many sensational courses,
Lhut the most remarkable was between
•Urutus and I.iivii.iM. The former »a*
a. strong favorite at odds of 6 to 1. but
van bihtcn by a tit-ore of 47 to 6. He
scored thr<»e points before Lavender got
ton the hare, when tshe shut him out un
[til the last moment. They ran for three
Ixnlnutes m a area near the stand.
Juti*;** Grace, who ha:* ofticiatcd la the
eadule for mon* than a third of a cen
tury, pronounced it the biggest score of
Ills character he ever remembered, the
■points (m ing pilnl up one by one.
In soring points, if one greyhound se
cures «i before the other scores, each
tpotni made by tJ.e f'irmcr after that is
counted as 2. In this way a score of
7o lias b.-.-n run \>p- Brutt:s scored i
points, however, beiore l.«a vender com
menced, bo the "Hoot Mon'« ' mite of a
sn-y hound ran up her marvelous scor«
laboriously, one point at a lime. She was
th»-n drawn from further competition, tse
■curlng third money.
lyog ];ci> l>«-at Connemara at <xlds of 1 '
to t liy a fluke, the har« swerving to the
former. Rock Island King beat Emln
l'jiffia at 1 to Its after a long and exciting
course. Emln had th« best of the early
part of ii, but the hare proved a strong
fliip anil the King lasted ling enough to
l>« ;it ih.- Pasha Kennels' dog. itoytU Klush
v.is l>« it. :i by Wild Tralee after a three
r.i.:iutf course* with Clover. Kara beat
t'uvahi-r nt 1 to 4 after the latter let up.
In trying to save the life of a hare
*"<harlk-" Grlswold. tho acting slipper.
♦•■« BCVcrehr Mtten on the right hand by
Clover. The hare ran around the neld
ami b;;rk Into the slipper's stand. Mr.
tltiswolci e.iuirht it and the rtog's. strong
Jay* closed with a Ftiap on h!s hand. Th,.
wound was dre«t>e<l and Griswold con
tir.u«-d with the slipping. Uy a coinci
dence. Clover and Koyal Flush also ran ;
a hare In the nurce.-dlng round into the
clipper's stand. This time there wns no
rnitectlnff hand mitMretched to sa\e the
run- and the dogs secured it. The detail
«<i r<*ults of the (lays running, with the •
official scores, follow:
<>j>en ftote— J. Kctnan'a lU>yal Buck Iknu E.
Ccs»cr:>'ii Silence, l—Z; J. Iran's ConnotnarA
l««t Strrl & KnoHle*' Fleetr Mist. 1«— I; C>n
t:eii Broa.' Clover t»at T. J. Omnln'a "Tioiti
fcUi. 11-T: r^r.neii Bnw.' I»«r Boy b.-at rxinin !
& S.>n'i> Conitnulore. s—o; F. A. McCsmb'f ;
Itoyal JTufh twut J- 3. EOmin-.di" MorninK !
<J!ory. 12-4: XTah«r A Reids ii«d Boy beat U.
Winder* •:•.;.::. Aim. 12— <; John Charlton'a
iH-jlly Vsrden t>eat J. H. l'erliro"* Controlier.
IS-*: T. J. Oronlnn WJld Tralee beat J. l"«ar/»
• ila<llati>r. 6—l; It. Oiella's Golden Kuswt
t»Mt J. P. Thrift* Graxyhorr-er. s—o; J H
Hurrinonn Ili-t Hurte b^at H. L. Tkyloi ■ i
:•-..•• Sl«o«, T— 4; Curtl? & Ron'i Vulctii b^at
IZ. ii n. Srotfa l>rd nyron. 3-1; Curtle A
Hotl'a LOXOT best M. I>«dnn'B Magneto, i— o;
I'ajiha Kenr.eli" Reannex b^nt Ou* Al»ercrom-
M«'» Victor Klntr. $—0; Handy & Smith"* Jen
r.le WlWon beat n. X <je n. lys^tß Wanda.
«— i: Otif Aberrmmble'ii Hork I«land Klnt bfat
F. <*. Murk'n IMla M. 11— S: Pa«ha Kenneln 1
JZrr.ln I'ai'ha b'^t .1 Iwnnin" Ort<4>er Woodt-ock
«—2: It. K. d» B. lxife*« Whltehead »>eot I>.
Wltujer'n rilhkr Attrn.;>t. *— J; J. C Thrift 1 * I
Itrutua N-at It. E im II Uip««'a Sara, 4-2; \
Mi rl & KnowW Fn «ty Morn t^at Gu» Aber- I
crumble* B,K-k Inland Boy. 4— J: <*urtl» A Son* j
NarrlFf!U» bfat n. L.. Taylor"* Mose. fi— J; Sterl
« Knn»le»" O'Hara beat o*urti« & S •!, r Oava-
Jler. 14-<: J. M. HaJton'* lavender beat J. I
]■■••!■•■ TUark ne»». 7—4.
S^Tor.d round -Or.nen.ara Ix-at Royal Burk. -
r— 1: Royal Flt:*h l*nt n«ver. 77—11; Ixx Boy i
»*«t nsd Boy. 7-0; Wild Tmle« beat PUly Var- f
«^en, «_s : MM HaMe beat <;r.iaen Russet. :»-2; I
Vu^nn be»t H«ar.r>#>x. 15-1: Vw* b*«t Jennie I
Wilsion.* 4-5; R«k lilatid Kln» heat Kmln
T*a«hs. 13—10; Brutu* heat Whltehead. 4-0;
1r My Morn hent Narrli=*ui«. t— o; Lavender
l*nt rt'Hara. «— 2.
Third r"und-I«* Boy b»at Connemara, 3—l;
Wild Trale* b»-at Hr.val Flurh. J»— J; Hot Hurt*
l~»t Vulcan. 4-S: l.uxc, r rH n a bye. Rock Inland
Klnc betne withdrawn: Bmtud beat Narclwus.
«— S; !<.•■•< ran a natural bye.
Fifth rmini-Wili Trulee beat Line Bsy. •— 6: j
TAKES FOR HIS WIFE
A NORTHERN BELLE
AVERT pretty wedfllnc will be that of Charles F. Morel and Miss Ade
laide I. <;raaff. which will be solemnized to-morrow afternoon at the
home of the bridge mother. I<1» Jackson street. Only the immediate
relatives of the contracting parties will be present at the ceremony,
wfc'.ch v.ill »*• jxrformed by the Rev. J. Q. Mangold, pastor of St. John's
Kvansc'ical Lutheran Church.
The parlors of the residence will be prettily decorated with a profusion of
*rr.Uax and violet*, and the happy couple w!M be Joined In the holy bonds of
wedlock und. r a dainty floral wedding bell. The bride will be attended by
Ml«« M. Uosenthal. us maid of honor, and will be given away by her
mother. Mr. Morel will have A. Hoffmann for his best man. There will be
no other attendants.
Immediately after the nuptial knot ha* been tied the guests will Kit down
to an elaborate w«-.i,slnc dinner. At its conclusion Mr. and Mrs. Morel will de
part on one of the afternoon trains for the southern portion of the State on
their honeymoon.
The invited guests Include Mr and Mrs. Fred Morel. Charles F. More!
Hr.. father of the groom; Mrs. A. Hoffmann. Mr and Mrs. Dougherty ' Fay
F. Morel. Miss Alice Garson. Miss M Hixson. the Misses Rose and Violet
Gran*. ulsters of tho bride; A. Hoffmann, Miss M. Rosenthal and Mrs. R.
Graaff.
Miss Adelaide Graaff formerly resided in Seattle, where she has a host of
friends. During her short residence In this city she has duplicated her social
success in the Northwest. Charles Morel occupies a responsible position with
a prominent business house of this city and he is popular among a large circle
of friends.
Luxor beat Hot Hut. 5-«: Lavender beat Bru
tus. 47-«. »-*
Final-Luxor beat Wild Trmlee. Lavender
waa withdrawn.
Ingleside Coursing.
Favorites ran true to form In nearly
all the courses yesterday at Ingleslde
Coursing Park. Mac's Melody won the
final in the open stake with Depend On
Me as the*mnner-up in a well contested
course. Following are the day's results:
Open Hake: First tie—E. M. Kellopg's Hum
mer beat James Byrnes' Battleship. 6- , 11. A.
Derkelman's Snapshot beat J. Begtterson'a Gold
Hill, a —»; H. A. Deckelman's Old-Glory beat
Ji« Ferry's Commodore Nash. 12—10: Dave
Ilyrtirf Molile Horan beat S. McCullough's
Rowena, j—o; Murphy a- Toland's Twilight Jr.
beat Captain Kane's Oreenhall, 12—*: Bartels
Hrwi.' Man Melody beat D. Ford* Honlta.
S—l; J. Uy roes' If ■!■!■ brat H. E. ''.<■ 11. \s>
j«e*"s Waxlena. 12—0; .'key * Rock's Minerva
t*-at C. I. Appleby's Clare B. 6—4: 11. A. Deek
• ■lmanii Korker beat Ed Wilson's Magnesia,
B—S: H. A. Deckeltnan's Ixiwrencc beat W J.
Browning's Mountain Belle. 11— *; n. Baumels
ter'B Winning Way* beat J. Lln»han'B Racine.
14—9; K. M. KellOKK's Sweet Emma beat T. J.
MellUKh'n M.ild of the Mill. I I; H. Lynch'
Islington beat A. Jotaaon'a Bald Kaitle. 16 —7:
R. n. de K. Ixi;..-z'« Ft. Anthony beat M. Ml
rhallkl's Glenroy. 7-4; P. MeCabe'a Craig Boy
»x>«t A. Jolinson'n I^owUnder. &—4; T. J. Cro
nln'ii Maid of Bail beat 1. Witrlns' IVxter P.
6—l; T. Ixxran's Ml«s Orlzzle beat T. J. Cro
nln> Iron Duke, i« —r. ; T. J. Cronln'B Depend
«m Me heat F. V. t.'bamblU's R»oklln Bella.
i—2: E. M. Kcllokr'b Lady Qllmore beat W. I.
TraJo'H Wandertna Tom. IC—5: A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan beat SeMne i Daly's Shy-lock Boy.
IS—11: I»we i Thompson"* Prince Hal beat J.
Matier r Bfniria Boy. IS—4: J. Sersrrson'ti Can
lii-Ur'.H beat D. Fort » Juanlta. 6—o.
Sr«v>nd t!e— Pn«p»<hot beat Hummer, 14—11:
OM Olory beat Molile Hoxan. 10—1; Mac's M"!
o,Jy beat Twtllßht Jr.. 8-2: Minerva beat \Va
dena. 17—*; Rocker beat Winning Ways. S— 6:
Sweet Emma beat I^wrence, S— t; st Anhtnny
beat I«e\ir.icT n. 15—7: Train: Boy beat Maid of
Bail. »— Itr^end On Me beat Miss Oriasla,
4—o: Lady Gilmore beat Tod Sloan. 31-10; Can
delartd I eat Prince Hal. 6-S.
Thtrd tie— M«r'« Uelodjr l>eat Pnapshot. 6—4;
Minerva bent <• ■: Olory. i> — 7: Pweet Emma >wv»t
Rocker. 6—4; Craig Boy beat St. Anthony. 1«— 4;
Defend <^n Me Beat Ijidy Gilmore. S-«; <"and»
laria ran a l<ye.
Fourth tie— Mar*» Melody beat Minerva. 16— 5;
Pweet Bmma l«*at <"ml* JJny. 6—3; Depend On
Me be* I Can-lflarla.
Fifth tie— Mhc-'i Melody beat Sweet Emma,
-«'-•-' On Me ran a bye.
Final— Mac'c Melody beat Depend On Me. 9—4
STOCKTON COURSING
STOCKTON. Dec. 10.— The results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day are
as follows:
Anna Held beat Hwwt Briar: RlKht Arm beat
Itnvni Ttp: Ft. Elmo beat Sarah Gold; Kerry
Cow beat Rattle Ax; Alma beat Pal Malloy;
letter Than Gold beat Fashion Hate; Koriret-
Me-Not l>eat Sunbeam; Rowdy Hoy beat
Honeymoon; Sharkey beat Flush of Gold: I>uke
of Oak Grove beat Lilly D; Prince of Fashion
»<e»t <Itrper; Wild L*«ale beat Arlon; Wln
r.lr.c I«RMte beat Blnrk Chief: Robin Adalr
beat Gentleman Georjre; Revolver beat Royal
Gre«-ntiek; Haxel beat Woodbine.
Second round— Anna Held beat RlKht Arm;
ft. Elmo beat Kern* Gow; Alma beat Better
Than Gold;' Rowdy Boy beat Forxet-Me-Not:
Fharkey beat Duke of Oak Grove; Prince of
Fashion bent Wild Lassie: Robin Adalr beat
Winning Lassie: liar.] L beat Revolver.
Thinl round— Ft. Elmo beat Anna Held; Alma
beat Rowily Boy; Eharkey boat Prince of Fash
ion: Hazel L beat Rcbln =. lair
Fourth round— Alma beat St. Elmo: Sharkey
beat RaaH I.
Final— Alma beat Sharkey.
■ ♦ »
HANDBALL IN RYAN'S COURT.
White and Collins Put It All Over tho
Old Masters.
Professor John lUonlun and E. Curley
played yesterday at Phil Ryan's court.
SiS Howard street, against the cyclone
I:ids. White and Collins. The result was
victory for tho younger players. Up to
date the boys have sidetracked all com
petitors in tho local court. The score of
yesterday's play was: White and Collins,
21. 8. 21. 21; Hiordan and Curley, 19, 21.
14, 15. Scores by other players at the
name court are as follows:
P. Striner and -i McDonald defeated M.
McNeil ond P. McKlunon. Score: 21—14.
36—21. I -10.
P. Mum and C Smith defeated C. I^ar
kln and P. Carney. Score: 21—19, 11—21,
G. James and J. R. Bookman defeated
M. BH.«-h and K. M. Donough. Score: 21—
12. IS— 2l. 21—17.
P. Ryan and T. Leach defeated A. Me-
Vlrker and J. Condon. Score: 21—11.
15-21. 21-?).
XV. Fisher and W. Manlon defeated P.
Ryan and G. McDonald. Score: 21—11.
14-21. 21-12.
N. J. Prendergast and I). J. Sheehan
defeated W. 11. Kedlan and L Water
man. Score: 21—20, 12—21, 21—15.
H. Racoullet and M. McNeil defeated
P. Talo and L. Carralnti. Score: 21—16,
13-21 21-20.
T. Srrres and F. Smith defeated A.
Whlteman^and E. White. Score: 21—19.
10-n, 21-17.
1 ♦ ■
Madrid paprrs Issue supplements that
contain nothing but prize-winning num
bers in fume great State lottery.
Madrid papers Issue supplements that
contain nothing but prlze-winn'ng di m
bers in fume great State lottery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
LACE DOWNING, THE NEW CYCLING
WONDER DEVELOPED IN SAN JOSE
Has Defeated the Clever
est Amateurs on the
Race Path.
During the Winter Season He
Will Be Pitted Against
the Be t San Jose
Scorchers.
SAN JOSE, which has given to the
cycle race path such Illustrious
names as Wilbur T. Edwards,
Otto Stagier. Floyd A. McFar
land Hardy Downing. John A.
Alexander and Clarence Davis, has
added another to the list of great per
formers. Lace Downing has developed
within a few short weeks and Is pro
nounced the p»»er of any amateur on
the coast. T'pon his first appearance,
recently, he swept the boards. winning
the three races which made up the
card. Since then he has defeated E.
F. Russ and George P. Fuller, conced
ed to be the fastest amateur on the
coast.
Voting Downing has had the oppor
tunity of training on the fast track
of the Garden City Cyclers, supple
mented by muscle-building work on
the road. When his brother and the
other crack professionals In the Mc-
Partand party arrived here he ep
joyed the benefits of their coaching
and also the use of their motor-driven
pacing machine. This brought out the
ability of the young wheelman and
placed him at the head of the IMb.
During the winter reason of racing at
San Jose ho will be pitted against the
best riders In match races.
STARS TOO
MUCH FOR
THE LOCALS
Close Score in an Unexciting
Game at Recreaiion
San Francisco 2, All-California 3.
Thin is the sad story of a baseball game
in which tho local team worked oft
eight hits on the stars, scoring only
twice, while the men with polished ii.i
mond training hit only three times and
made a trio of run*. Johnson twirled for
the star men and was touched for a .
few choice strips of leather. I burg's slow
curves were not straightened very often,
and When they were they were of the
heaven-seraplnK Kind that do not fall to
♦ arth. but in a. cradle of mitts
At the very start • Brockhott purloined
first baM on I.r ad's error. "Heine"
K nig helped him around the bags with a
swift two-base lilt. For a time things
looked sky-rockety, but nothing of mo
ment happened, and the locals were re
tired with one tally to their credit."
Jealous of this overture, the "lamps of
heaven" began shining and when they
took the Held again Uncle Hank's cal
cium was dimmed by their greater re
fulgence. llertet had an honest ing to
first, skipped to second and third on a
paKsed ball and scored on Chance's hit.
Hulen walked, sending Chance to second.
Hoth these first magnitude shiners ad
vanced a base by theft, but Sullivan took
aversion to Hulen and threw to second,
trying to catch him off his bag. Josh
Rally Juggled the spheroid and Chance
went over the rubber.
The third Inning brought All-California
another run. th»-lr last. Chance Jogged
to first and scored on a hit by I^ockhead.
In the sixth Pan Kranelsco added a stripe
to the *<-. re. Josh Rellly swatted a two
bagger to far center, quietly m.i<le third
base on Pyne's hit. and then Iburg got
into the game and started a fireworks
■hop of hip. own. sending Rellly over the
rubber to the benches far awny. That
was all the locals did In run-making, but
orn-e or twice t-hey were on the edge of a
precipice to tie the score. They leaped
not and lost.
Som* pretty fielding In the outskirts
was the feature of the day. Lockhead
showed himself to good advantage on
several occasions, eating up some buzz-
Ing, speedy files In voracious fashion.
The score was:
SAN FRANCISCO.
An. n. nn. sb. po. a. b.
nrorkheff. 3b 6 10 0 0 7 1
Htlrlcbrand. r. f 4 0 10 4 0 0
Krxiß. h. s 5 0 1 0 0 1 0
Sullivan, c 4010201
Courtney, lb 2 0 1 1 14 0 4
HMlly. 2b 4 110 0 0 0
Pyne. c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Muller. 1. f... w 4 0 10 10 9
Ibunr, P 3 0 10 0 4:.; i'
Totals Vi I 8 1 24 12 1
ALL-CALIFORNIA.
AB. R. BH SB. PO. A E.
Van Haitian, c. f... 4 0 0 0 3 0.0
MertPi«. 2b 3 10 13 2 0
Chance, c 2 2 14 1 1 0
Hulfn. Sb 3 0 0 110 0
Lockh^ad, ■ a 4 0 1 1 • 4 2
(ihanahnn. lb I 0 0 • 10 00
McCarthy. 1. t 3 0 0 0 10 0
Knell, r f 3 0 0 0(00
Johnson, p I 0 1 0 0 I-.O
Totali 27 I 1 1 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pan Francisco '... 10000100 o—2
Bate him 11201200 1— «
All-California 20100000 •— I
Base hit." 11100000 •— 3
SUMMARY. ■
' Run responsible for— Johnson. Two-b*»e hit*
— Krur. Sullivan. Rellly. Sacrifice hit—Hllde
brand. First base on error*— San Francisco 1.
First base on called ball*— San Francisco S. All-
Callfornta, 4. Left on bases— San Francisco 10,
AU-Callfornia 5. Struck out— By Ibur* 1 Hit
jay pitcher— Chance. wild pitch— lburg. Tlm«,
of game— l:3o. I'mpln«-John Sheridan. Official
mbtm> W. Btapi^on.
WATCH FOR PITCHER DOYLE.
Sacramento Won Easily From Oak
land After He Got It.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 10.— Sacramento
won easily to-day from Oakland. Pitcher
Doyle, on coming to bat In the first in
ning, was presented with a handsome gold
watch and chain and diamond locket, the
funds for the purchase of which had been
raised by popular subscription. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AH. R. BH SB. PO. A. E.
Ml>nußhlin. 1. f 4 2 110 0 0
Harvey, ib 5 ; 3 i 1! 2 0
Eaimn. ». ■ 3 0 0 0 6 2 1
Stnnloy. c .', 14 0 3 - 0
I>oyl<\ p.. 5 0 0 0 14 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 113 I
Stulz. 2b 4 12 0 2 « 0
Nrwbert. r ♦ 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Mulvey. c. f 4020200
Totals 3S 6 12 ] 27 17 1
OAKLAND.
AH. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. t 2 i"' 10 2 0 0
H.itrh»n«on. lb 3 0 1 2 3 0 0
Hammond, c 4 ♦■ 1 0 11 0 0 !
Hardle. r r 4000200
Dunleavjr. 2b 4 0 1 1 3 2 1
M'»<kiman. • ■ 4 0 10 3 11
Cralt. if 4 11112 0 ;
Morrow. 3b 4 0 10 119
Bnrlll*, p 3 10 0 0 0 0
Total* 32 2 7 4 27 ( 1 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 200100300—6
Ha** hits 202Z1032 o—l2
Oakland 0 o*ooooll— y
Base hits 1 11000112—7
BUMMAKT.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 2, Bevllle 4. Two-
base hits— tulr. Stanley, Mulvey. First base
on -error*— Sacramento 1, Oakland 1. First base
on called balls— Sacramento J. Oakland 3. Left
on bases— Sacramento } Oakland 8. Struck out
—By Doyle J. by Neville 8. Hit by pitcher-
Donovan. Double play— Doyle to Eacan to
Harvey. Passed ball— Stanley. Wild pitch—
IJevllle. Time of game— l:33. Umpire— McHala.
BICYCLISTS IN GOOD SHAPE.
Six-Day Men Not Exhausted as They
Were Last Year.
NEW YORK. n<r. 10.— There wai a
marked contrast in the condition of the
bicyclists who finished In the plx-day
race at the Madison Square Garden to
their exhausted condition at the finish it
the race last year. To-day saw all of the
meMMfOl riders in excellent physical
condition and several of th«»m took long
walks this afternoon. Miller and Waller
expressed themselves as satisfied with the
race and ealri th»>y Mi a« though they
could start on another week of racing.
Maya and McEachern, the team that fin
ished second, w*-re up and about early
Glmm and Pierre, the winners of the
third prize, seemed to be the only dis
satisfied riders to express their feelings
openly. Pierre said that his team had
bren unjuKtly deprived of a number of
laps, which accounted for their not win
ning.
McGovern to Meet Santry.
CHICAGO. Dec. 10— Terry McOovern.
the 116-pound champion of the world, has
been matched to meet Eddie Santry of
Chicago in a six-round bout, to be held
here January 20.
Cyclist Beats Roller-Skater.
CINCINNATI. TW in.-The series of
races between Harry Gibson, middle-dis
tance champion bicyclist, and Reno
Runlek. champion roller skater, closed
last night at Music Hall. Gibson won
two race* and the series. In last night's
contest, which was an Australian pursuit
race, Gibson caught Runiek after p*»,ial-
Ing eleven mii» and seventeen laps
Tim.-, 3G:2S:
CHAMPIONSHIP GOLF.
Two Couples Play Second Bound of
Open Tournament at Presidio.
Play continued yesterday at the Pre
sidio links In open competition for the
championship of the Oakland and San
Prnnrlsro Golf clubs, which began on
Saturday. Eight players won their way
Into the second round on Saturday, and
these wore paired oft thus: lieutenant
W. G. Miller. U. S. X.. with Charles
Page; J. Lawson with W. P. Johnson; C.
Conde Jones with H. M. Fitzgerald; S.
I. Abbot Jr. with H. B. Goodwin. Of
thrsc four couple two played yesterday,
Charles Page beating Lieutenant W. (}.
M'lNr 5 up 4 to play, and K. Oonde Jones
defeating R. M. Fitzgerald 7 up 6 to
play.
I. L. Abbot Jr. and H. 1!. Goodwin will
play off one round to-day and the second
nine holes on Tuesday. J. Lav/son and
W. I*. Johnson will piny off their match
on Tuesday, after which the second
round of the tournament will be com
pleted. Tin- four winners will enter ♦!.••
semi-final round, which will leave two
to contest in the finals. The final round
of thirty-six holes will probably take
place next Saturday.
The table shows the scores In the open
ing round by strokes:
! First | Second I
Players— Round. | Round. (Total
1 1
L. O. Ktllogg M 7 jio«
U. \V. «; Millar SC7;."-\ i: jioo
I I
J. W. Byrne
Charles Page , No rec
—
J. Uwisnn , ."6.V1.1.V.46; .15.13 ' »64
E. R. Fol«er 1 WIIIW 7SM I »73
;
~ I
A. B. Williamson 9775.*.4.".7| 676457566! 1C«
W. P. Johns 75536C657! 565548466 ICO
R. H. Gaylord 73666*549 7MS4CS« 101
K. Conde Jones • •.«;.>■, :,:,;,« MMMM 103
F. S. Stratton I Bs6»<wCCC| 6665556671 10«
Ft. M. Fitzgerald I 6C7464655! 5674655561 104
I
M ft cjfXKlwln Woa b]
r». I>. Omwikkl Wuult
S. 1.. Abbot Jr 77S4fi?C>5 75645.... ••:
Major H. Oallegher.... 565C67663! 37417.... j tM
{For seventeen holes
•For thirteen hole».
tFor fourteen h<il»s.
As one hole was forfeited In the round
between L. O. Kcllopg 1 and Lieutenant
\V O. Miller, seven should be added to
Kellopg's ore and six to Lieutenant
Miller's, bringing the former's total up
to 111 and the latter's to 106.
As Lawson beat his opponent 5 to play,
only thirteen holes were played: but his
score, according to the average of the
previous play, would have 1 n-n S3. while
E. R. Folper's full score would have been
102. S. L. Abbot Jr. beat his opponent
6 up and 4 to play, but his full score
would be 108 and ...ajor Gallegher'B 116.
• ♦-*>-♦-♦-•-♦-♦-♦-•-♦-♦-♦-•»-♦--♦-#
Though Gaylord's score In medal play
was 101 as against E. Conde Jon. s" lift
yet the latter won 2 up and \ to play on
match play.
Mechanics' Fair a Failure.
At the regular quarterly meeting of the
Mechanics" Institute, held Saturday «*vm
lng In the library rooms, the president. K.
A. Denlcke, stated that the last Me
chanics' Fair had been a financial failure
Involving a net deficit of $7200. The fol
lowing amendments to be considered at
the next quarterly meeting were offered-
To Increase the annual dues from $6 to
$12 and to abolish the proportional system
of voting and to restore the plurality
method.
The Institute has now a membership of
4200. 200 of that number being life mem
bers.
MANY PRIZES
ARE WON BY
CRACK SHOTS
Good Scores Made by Marks
men on th> Shell Mcund
Range.
At Shrll Mound range yesterday there
VII any (juantlty of target shooting and.
for all that the conditions were not favor
able all if the time, a number of rifle
men made more than average gfiod scores.
While there was no wind to .•*;.. ak "fa»f •a»
light was unsteady nt times and fooled
the miirk«m»ii as to eUvatlon.
It look! as !l!oUK?i It I. d RodSCn of
the Germanla Sihuttren Club has a ci;. h
on the ilrst champion class medal. In
yesterday'a contest a*, made 4ii rings,
•rail )i Is the hlKhept mmle this year In the
Ctilb, aHhongh he has beaten this run l>y
abOQi ;- n joints. Me wai' also high on the
Bosbnell champion medal with 22^ in i>n
■hots, lingU entry. In the same . I it> 1»
W. HcLaughlin held th»- hiKh kuh in the
three-Shot entry match, making 72. for
cash prises. The bcoici of this- etak yta
terday were as follows:
Class medals. 20 shots. German 25-rlni? target
— i"ir-t champion class. Dr. L. O. Rodger*. 411
rings; a>coad champion class, R. Stettin, M;
first class, U. Stelllng, 403; second class. J. D.
Helse. 401; third class. J. Heuttler. 3:;. best
llrst shot, I. P. Schuster, 25; best last shot.
R. Stettin. 23.
Hue. ii championship medal, 10 shota each
shoot, single entry, '>rman faring target— Dr.
I- O. Rodger*. 222: J. CtHchlg, 221; F. P. Schus
ter. 213; D. B. Knktor. 202.
CUltcal f'-r . a?>t. |.ri7.e!«. unlimlt<><l »-ntrle». 3
ring target I > W. MrLailKh
lin. ft; F. iv Bchnater. :i. r> » Factor, :i
li L. O l:. .iK-r* 71 N. Ahivn. «.
The of the Nnrd<leutsrhcr
sen Verein iraa f>>r cash prisea >>n
th» i.'iv- \t t.irK't. h»-«t centeri i
ured i.. machine. Here i». Salileld ahowed
u\> t>> .tdviintage with a black disk In
which he placed hi* ho«t bullet within
k| i-i^»j .>f an inch from the trii.- cen'cr.
There win ahM ■ <-onte««t for turkeys, the
best Korea in thr»e nhotx. tlerman
target, taking the lurgei<t and f
biros. John de Wit had the pick of the
1-it with Tl. The Fcores of the club stood
aa fiillnw -.
UulUeye shoot, cash winners-First, D. Sal
nel<l. go points; second. 11. Hupp«-rt. 116; third.
O. I^emcke. 27;.; fourth. J. Gefkln. 32:.. fifth. H.
Hub r, ;2»; sixth. F. Thode, 43:.. seventh. D.
.Schlnkel. 442; eighth. J. Lankenau, 5«4; ninth.
John de Wit. 624; tenth. Ed Stehn. 700; elev
enth. 1. _,\\ lUt7.au. 959; twelfth. F. P. Schus
ter. 9C4; thirteenth. William Morken. 1051; four
teenth. J. Woebcke. 10S5.
Turkey shoot, first winners— John de Wit,
71; F. P. Schuster. «; H. Helberir. «2. a
Mocker. «2; J. D; Helse. 60; O. L^meke, «i F.
Hush. ..6; I). Schinkel. f,6; H. Ktrelllntc. 545. F.
Koch. :.». D. Sulneld, -J); O. Schlnkel. SO. H.
IluLer. 4«.
Some one Jokingly said that John T't
schlg of The San Francisco Bcboeta*) Ve
rein was \n th.- "has been" » :as». which
awoke the veteran rifleman up. and he
pulled for all the points In sight. That
he was successful was shown by the
fact that he ran up 442 rings for theothers
to follow in the 2v-shot class, medal con
test. J. D. Heise was another who -.vas
proud of his success in medal-winning
Yesterday be made Ml rings, shooting in
the second class, and was high. This gave
him the medal for keeps, having been the
highest vt hi.- clam three times in suc
cession. The high scores of the club w..-re
to the following:
Champion class. J. trtschlg. 442 rln «.; flrat
class. J. Grfkin. 4C«; second class. J. D. Helse
402; third clans. I>. sialflHd. 421; best first shot."
J. Beuttler. 25; best last «hot. H. Stalling. 25.
The principal feature of the shooting'
of the OSolden Gate Rlfl> and Pistol C:ub
was two consecutlce 10-shot scores by L>.
U. McLaughlin, which footed up 4*4 rfnrs
<Jirman rlt:»: target count. This Is the
club s rifle record. The scores of the day
were as follows:
ItlnV. 200 yards. German 2*- r lnn target, one or
two ten-shot scores— P. « McLaughltn 22*
B»; F. B. Helknap 216. til: J. Kullman 214.
179; (.'. M. Henderson 2f>«. 193; E. Wanne 203
154; J. i: Hrl.U-.i- HO; C. N\ Moore 207- n'
Tamm»-\.T IN. tM; J. E. Gorman M a U.
Dorrell m, 212.
Pistol, fifty yards, standard American target
count, one or two ten-shot scores— J. E Gor
man U. Dr. I. O. Rodger* 91. A. P. Dorrell
91. 75; J. E. Hri.lis-.-5 IS; Major Tompkln* 79.
92; r. Kohcrts SS, 73; C. M. Hendprsun «1 81-
J. KiMlman 57, v. W. llelknap 75.
In yesterday's class medal contests of
the Red Men's Schuetzen Company l>»y
the permanent ownernhlp of several of the
medals. Eml! Schlerbaum b» comes th«
permanent owner of the championship
medal. William Kreutzkamm. for the
highest bcore. got the championship- bar.
William Dressier takes the first class
medal. TV 11. Ruiffs the second. Captain
H. Grieb the third and E. Zemple the
fourth. The high scores of the day. twen
ty shots. German 25-rlng target, were as
follows:
Champion clas*. William Kr*ntzk.-imm. 411
rln»{<i; flrnt class. William Dre**ler. *>. *econ<]
claa». V. 11. Rulffn. 177; third clans. Captain
Henry Orteb. 339: fourth cloii«. E. 3>mple, 150
b«»»t firft »hot. Captain 11. Grleb, 23; bent last
»hot. fai'tain 11. Urteb, 20.
The tnoinbcrs of the Independent Ri
fles were ->ut In full force. The Rifle* re
cently had an election and selected ri.-*t>
Bentlem«n to attend to the affairs of the
organization: Captain, L. Schneider: first
lieutenant. E. Moennlng: second lieuten
ant. H. rlansen; recording secretary. U.
M'-nke; •Ir:nnclal secretary, P. Lew tor*
treasurer. H. CJoetJen; trust..-, O. Hu
ber. At the shoot yesterday the following
scores were made in 10-nhot runs. Blunt
target, with mii.»k.-is:
Captain L Schn»>ld*r. 34: E. E. WH»rel 40
C. Iwm, M Corporal 11. Frederlckson' t*'
H. Go^tJ^n. 40; Corporal P. Rchonlr. m' ; h
Kuhlkr. 33: Lieutenant E. M.^nnlnr M* c'
i;ilr*riion. :<i; S»rir^ant O. Mitchell 42; D. Stefl
fen*. 33; H. Marzholf, 21; C. 11. lf«()rtrdl«rkf
12: F. Wilde. 28; Sergeant C. Andrew*.. 38; ll'
Felix. 14; Dr. Melerdlerk*. "37: Dr. Statlm.tn 5
Ladies' Society to Banquet.
Next W'cdesday the Ladles' Society of
St. Mark's Evangelical Lutheran Church
will celebrate. Its twenty-fifth anniver
sary by a banquet in the parlors of Its
place of worship.
For Men and Women.
A great many ask. "Are % s***>*
your belts worn by women 1 fi?j_
as well as men?" Emphati- 11 l\z^>\
cally yes. I have testi- 1 /// /i ?oJB< /^v
monials from women in all rVV/AVsj^ X
parts of the country, who^^^'slK
cannot say enough in praise^|l3Kfife
Or, Sanden Electric Belt, lufjf J )
It is foremost in the ranks. II UvTCv \ 1 I
It leads, others follow. Re- 11 ri 7 Y/j/\
member, you do not ex- 11 // j ujj\ \ \
perience that burning or \{\f] (M{ \\ \
blistering in my belt, which 11 jJ \V--\\ j \
is so objectionable in all | Jj^^Ss^^ s^ V
others. Call in my office I^7"^ W^ir^C^^ys
and test it, or send for the rrvu<2^\
little book, "Three Classes r—— '• -\^
of Men," which tells all about how they are used.
Consultation free. Office hours, 9 to 6; Sundays
10 to 1.
DR/T. A. SANDEN, 18 T^™i™ EET '
1194 B.nth B:r:ig Str.et, U. km% tl M . 0»l. ; Buul BslKiaf. Ptrtl»«<, Or.
STATE FAIR
PROTEST IS
PASSED UPON
Naticnal Trotting Asscciation
Board of Review Decides
Some Racing Questions.
The board of view of the> National
Trotting Association, at Its recent session
In New York, decided two protests, which
were entered during the State Fair at
Sacramento. Involving questions which
have excited considerable Interest among
horsemen In this State.
The first protest was against allowing;
the mare Dr. I'r.t- • plater, ownnl by
James W. Kea of San Jo«e. to start Ira
that stake because vhe wore hopplv*. At
the time the stake closed and this mar*
wan entered hoj>ples were not prohlbttril
by the National Trotting Association.
Subsequently and before the race that as
sociation adopted a rule prohibiting hop
ples. President A. H. Spreckcls ami
Director P. W. Covey of the Btat»- Agri
cultural Society held that the conditions
of the race at the tlmo the stako clo.h.ml
should govern, and the mare was per
mitted to start. The board of review .it
New York has affirmed this ruling and
hereafter it will be the law thnt stakes
trotted on National Trotting Association
tracks , will be goverened nnd controllt-d
exclusively by the published conditions
and the rules us they existed at the tlmo
the stake closed.
The other protest was ngalnst permit
ting the colt Director Heir, own^l by A.
C Severance of Los Angeles to start. It
appeared that when th. third payment
was duo on entries In this stake. Mr*.
Severance wrote saying that she wixhi-d
to make third payment on her entry
Dlrectus, and that she wished Dlrert
Heir to be dropped from the stake. It ap
peared that this was a ml«taki> of h«-r
stenographer and that her intention was
to drop Dlrectus and pay upon Direct
Heir. She had no knowledge of the mis
take until a few days before the met was
trotted at the fair, and the protest was
made, aft her fourth and fifth payments
were made upon Direct Heir. The board
of review decided that she should be held
to the terms of her letter, and that a
mistake having occurred, the person who
made It should bear the -consequences
rather than third parties who probably
continued payments In the faith that the
colt Direct Heir had been dropped.
Tanforan Entries.
Trie entries for this afternoon* running
events at Tanforan lire 4s follows:
First race— Sl^ furlonrs: all are*:
V* Furl* 107, 440 Hoh*nlohe US
449 Ponro Hi 1 43n St. I.;.; I>T
424 Si-i.iUfv M 4W Ill'mnr Chance.. ll7
419 nona \~ ST2 Merrh Seven «»
4."«7 White Fern 107 31S Cmker 107
Wo I'rchln »7 4:»'-a-!iar Young... s?
430 My Dear 107 430 Miss Hoak US
... Tom Smith 112 42« I^lpzls; -k
440 Ik. of York 11..1U' 100 Tom bharkey.... £1
Pecond race— Mile and a quarter: three-year
olds and upward; •elilnc:
432 Espionage 101|(iH)Me*dowthorp« ..113
4!S -mo M 44S .Stuttgart .. W
43< Owyhe« 101: 413 Alicia 107
127 Haildo 107 #4 I>cfiance m
422 Ledaea 101'
Third race— Five furlongs: two- year-olds:
442 Const ellator 10* 4.Ti5 Silver Tall 113
3<<9 Juletto loo; 442 F. W. Urode rs
41» Tar Hill 1M .-»!: - -Mine .. . IV,
411 Racetto V>s 4V, Zixka V',
424 Uohardlne .. l"0' 353 Giro I,S
... Antoinette .. l--".
Fourth race— One mile; thre«-year-olds anJ
upward; handicap:
421 Dr Nembula lf>|H34)f>yser 113
(441)Tlmemaker . lOSJ 43i Napamax . 135
<432)Lothlan 100;
Fifth rn«*e- One mile; thr>"e-year-olds and up
ward: selling:
432 Pare II m 4<4 Tom Calvert r»
440 Inverary II 10J| ... Tom •>0mwe11..107
... M'r>p» Ji,-«)1 Mrst Call 107
425 Meadow Larlc...!^ ■
Sixth race— Five and a half furl n«§: all
ages:
434 Ventoro r> rx Southern 01r1.... 95
4<: Yellow Tall.. *i\ ZX* Lady lleto|»e....irj
(434) Geyser 107 437 Silver MaM iv
411 Slater Alice 101
Selections for To-Day.
First race Caesar Yo-mg. Ft. IsMor, Urchin.
Second race — Meadowth >rpe. Espionage, Owy.
be*.
Third race— Sardine. Tar HIIL Silver Tall.
Fourth race — Oeyrer. Tlmemaker, Napamax.
Fifth race— Merojs. Tom Cromwell. Tom Cal-
T*rt.
Sixth race— Yellow Tall. Ventoro. Southern
Girl.
■ ♦ ■
Your nam« In gold letters free of rhar*«
on all leather goods. Sanborn.Vall & Co.*
■ ♦ ■
Are Now Happily Wedded.
The romantic engagement of Actor
Robert Elliott of the Shenandoah com
pany and MIM Carolyn It I »-- 1 •-»• v. who
met for the tlrst time on last Thanksgiv
ing day. nod Its happy culmination yester
day In St. Ma: Cathedral, when tho
couple were married by Rev. Father
Rnnim. Over live hundred spectators wera
present at th« ceremony. Harrington
Reynolds was' best man and Winifred
Dempsey act*d as bridesmaid. A recep
tion nd ■upper followed at the home .»(
the l>r!.l- :T Ellis street. Among the in
vited guests were Fred Peel, manager of
the Shenindcah company: Daniel Consl
dine. Louis !!•••: William Whitta
ker. Ml«s Caroline Franklin. Miss Julia
Baeheldcr, Miss Alice Rlker and Milton
Levy.
Builders' Contracts.
11. A. Penults* iown<r» with A. F. Hellmuth
contractor, architect* A. F. Oak««y and Jnmn
11. Jordan, all work except »«>w.-i plumblr.ir,
ras and water service, plumbing fixture*, km
fixtures and *hade*. for a two-*tory fr*m»
building on 8E corner of Seventeenth and Kol
pom mm*. 8 100 by X 21; total. J1535.
A. M. Speck lonnirt with Jones. Peterson A
R'.iintr»^ contractors, architect Churl c. M
H-WKun. all work for ■ two-«tory fram. build-
In* (brick foundation*) on a line of CJreaa
Btreet. 174 E of Van N'es» aoejue. E 26 « by 8
54:51*. SW 23:10*. N 70; total. UZO.Alameda
CHARLES EMLAY
SHIES TWO MEN
FROM DROWNING
Adds to a List of
Heroic Deeds.
ViCTIMS FALL OFF THE BRIDGE
GASPING FOR LIFE WHEN RES
CUED.
•
The Guardian of the Alice-Street
"Draw Acts Promptly and
Lives Up to His
Title.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call.
90S Kroadwny. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND. I>ee. 10.~Another life was
added to-night to the long list of those
[raved from a watery grave by Charles
Kmlrvy. whose deeds of heroism while
tender of the Webster street bridge won
'for him the title of "Hero of the estuary
'cf San Antonio."- In fact, he ha* saved
two lives within the past twenty-four
hours.
Errlay at present Is tending Alice
Ftrect brMge while the new Webster
str»N-t bridge Is being constructed. To
i:ight. t-hortly afttr * o'clock, while seat
ed in his cabin, he h«*sird a loud splash,
.followed Immediately by the voico of the
Harrison strvet bridge tender calling
"Man overbonrd." Emlay acted prompt
ly. Running out and plunging into the
water, he soon found a man floundering
and gasptaf as if about to sink for the
last time. With his usual prowess, the
heroic bridge tender swum with his hu
man burden to the nearest landing place,
.end after following the usual method for
resuscitating: such victims, pent the man
on his way.
The rescued man. hnwrn-or, was so much
under the Influence of liquor that he could
scarcely give hi* r.nme. which sounded
like Hans Nelson. From his Incoherent
mutterirjgs was gathered the fact that he
i.- a Swede employed on a vessel in the
harbor, and that lie fell off the bridge.
Only last night ESmlay rescued a drown
ing mnn from the water. On that occasion
Jilso the victim was intoxicated and had
fallen off the bridge. His name was not
lt-amtd.
WILL TEST THE LAW.
PAN JOSE. Dec. m— Siebe & firwn, th*«
F;in Francisco bill posters, at whom the
recent bill-posting ordinances, passed by
tl >' City Counrit, witp aimed, are going
t.. trst the validity of th«» city laws In
«-"iiii. Suit hajs been commenced against
the city of San Jose. Mayor, Common
<*.'U!!<-ll and ChWf oi Police, to enjoin
them from removing any of the advertis
ing signs that the linn has recently erect
• <1 Jn U»e rlty. and Judge Rtv *es of the
Superior Court has made an order re
straining the Chief of Police from inter
fering -with the bill-boards until further
order of the court.
IT.til recently the Mercantile Advertising
Company had .1 monopoly of the bill-post
ing business In thlm city, when Slebo &
Green entered the field. About l<x» sign
boards twelve rVet high were erected and
, n paratloos mud© to extend them up
v ™rd about th« Fame distance.
The* local company at once had ordl
k&ees passed that would cripple the out
•!■:• r*. Ordlnaecx were rushed throueh at
-; > ;il meeting* raising the license or blll
i> slers to 57S per month and limiting the
hi !;ht of till boards to ten feet.
Violation of these ordinances was made
I ;• -liable by flnen of $100 or imprlnon
in» r.t for thirty day*. The Chief of Ponce
v.is just i bout to put these in effect.
Biebe & Oreen claim the^e. ordinances
Sl> UlegalJ at) they wore made merely to
f!.':t out competition. The complaint re
clt^» that lilaintlffi* have made various
( "iitracts to maintain bill boards exceed-
Injc ten feet in height about the city for
::'ivertlsUi»; purpow-s: tha.t the contracts
«re lrremevablo and have cost large sums
■if money; and that ■'. they are not al
lowed to maintain bill boards erected
they will suffer preat log».
, .. - _ _
Probably Suicide.
N'OVATO. Dec, 10.— Paul J. Mortal, a
ranch hand employed by G. Mattonl. died
tO-d*T under circumstances pointing to
t-u!cide by poison. He complained of feel
ing unwell, but refused to ray what was
t!.<- matter. A companion caxne to town
for a physician and on returning found
M«>rinl dead. The man had been despond
< Dt for »om<; time and Is thought to have
fparM that, owing to a recent change in
the. ownership of the ranch. h»- would lose
hi* position. Deputy Coroner Steven Eden
was notllled at Sun Rafael and will hold
an lnqu"«t to-morrow.
Adventure Wrecked.
SEATTLE. Dec. 10.— Indians have ar
rived at Junr-au with nows of the wreck
on tho cast shore of Admiralty Island.
Alaska, of the little railing schooner Ad
venture. A furious Rale drove her on th«»
rocks two weeks ago. tearing a hole
tfven feet long In the port side of the
vessel .just W™ the I iter line. There
"•^ •! '" fotrs j.m "»<••■, tiTTXT" Biro ami one
■woman, aboard the schooner, all of whom
escaped.
ONE FINAL EFFORT
OF EBELL LADIES
Oakland Offlo* s.in Francisco Call, 90S Broadway, Dec. 10. (
The ladies of the F.bell Society
announce one final effort to com
plete the library site fund and It
will \>e ■ .-!<> on Thursday even
ing at th<* First Presbyterian Church
and r-it Hamilton Hall, as at first an
n'ninr«' when librarian Greene will
give nn illustrated lecture on libra-
Tim. There will be an excellent mu
sical programme and a few addresses
by prominent Oaklandcrs. The pro
ceeds will bo devoted to the site fund.
A little less than $3000 Is needed ard
it Is certun that the ladies will achieve
success alter their earnest efforts.
While efforts are bring made to
raise the money necessary fcr the site
the frontleman who secured from Mr.
Carn«*pie the donation to Oakland hie
kept modestly in the background, sim
ply doing what he could to advance the
Interests of th« fund. The man Is
Henry A. Chlttenden. for many years
a New York newspaper man. who
made the acquaintance of Andrew Car
negie and who conceded the thought
of writing and placing the ne«ds of
Oakland for a public library before him.
For the first time since the arrival of Mr. Carnegie's letter Mr. Chltten
den has made a statement.
"Now that Oakland's Four Hundred of the. Ebell Society are assured of
(success in their undertaking to raise twenty thousand dollars by popular sub
Brriptlon for the Free Public Library site," he says, "there Is hope of a speedy
settlement of that vexed question.
"What is wanted now. before all things— may I be pardoned for calling It
our ling-felt want?— ls a proper housing of Oakland's library and the speedy
materialization of Mr. Carnegie's <lft. That devoutly wished consummation
is offered by the Ebell ladles' fair hands, upheld by a popular demonstration
that is creditable alike to Oakland, to the Ebell and to Mr. Carnegie.
"One word more This determination of the site question is far more be
coming to Oakland, as It must be more, grateful to Oakland's benefactor than
would have been any scheme to procure a costlier site involving the Indeli
cate n«king of Mr. Carnegie to so partners In a tax levy or a bond scheme
or even In a people's subscription for the erection of a statelier library." ■
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
BERKELEY WILL
PLAY CARLISLE
INDIANS' TEAM
Christmas the Day of
t.ie Match.
BERKELEY, Dec. 10.— big football
game of the reason Is yet to come. Before
the your U over the victorious team of the
Blue mnl Odd will line up against one of
the great teams of the East and the grid-
Iron veterans of California will measure
their prowess with football heroes of the
Atlantic tOope.
LatO last night arrangements were con
cluded in Berkeley for a match to be
played with the Carlisle Indians in San
Francisco on Christmas Day. a chal-
Unge was sent by the Indians early last
week, but tho Berkeley men refused at
lirst to accept it. They seem to have
changed their minds about the matter, for
Football Manager Irwin J. Muma 1::. tel
egraphed East, agreeing to the ten of
the Carlisle men. T^ie game is now as
sured.
How much preparation the U. C. team
will under) before the game, or what
extra training they .ill undergo, has not
us yet been decided. The work of the
men will be entirely under Cocnran's (11
rection, as • fore the Thanksgiving
match. Kelly will remain with Cochran
to htlp with the coaching. Both Prince
ton men were preparing to leave the uni
versity town within a few days, but their
stay will now be prolonged until after
Christmas.
As to the team which Berkeley will put
in the field all pave one of the men who
played against Stanford will keep their
places. That one will be Captain James
Whlpple. who will not be a regularly en
rolled student at the university until after
the first of next month. Clay, who has
made a fine FhowinjT all the season on the
Held, is to be substituted in his stead.
The Indians are ranging to leave the
Bast in time to arrive in Ban Francisco
at least three days before Christmas.
They will be represented by a force eight
een strong. Including the regular eleven,
with a trainer and substitutes. The
grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom streets
have been rented for the occasion, and the
g.une will be played the afternoon of
Christmas day.
MUSICAL TREAT IN
STORE FOR BERKELEY
Mrs. Hearst Arranging: for Concerts
to Be Given Under the Direction
of Henry Holmes.
BERKELEY. Through the ef
forts f Mrs. F
of the university tuw . students of
t c the
if the
■■■ . |
■ ■• w hall, which
■
Mis.
■
chamber c
■
Kur : the plan .ir- 1 not
know:. • is are
It is thought tliHt
• • .« and
■
be announced time early
In January.
MELROSE PEOPLE OBJECT.
They Complain of Neglect on the
Part of the Southern Pacific.
MELROSE. Dee. 10.— The people resid
ing In this vicinity have twice petitioned
the Southern Pacific Company to extend
Its local trains to Bather .station. A large
number of men reside with their families
in the neighborhood of Melrose, Sather
and High street, and It would save them
much time and inconvenience if the local
train could extend to Bather instead of
running only to Frultvale. It takes at
least twenty minutes to walk from their
residences to the Fruitvale station,
and on the cold. rainy mornings
of the winter months It is any
thing but a pleasant tramp. The dis
tance from the Prultvale depot to that at
Sather Is only a mile, and there is ample
t'me to makw the run and run on the
fame schedule as at present. The regular
commuters contend that it would be for
the financial interest of the company to
make this extension and carry psssfligf l%
through to Pan Francisco at the rates
which are now charged from Frultvale.
They argue that it would not work any
detriment to Frultvale and way stations
to make this change, but on the other
hand would serve to materially increase
the number of subruban residents around
th* neighborhood of Bather.
Several very fin* tracts of land have re
cenly been subdivided and placed upon
the market, and were a regular train
service established to that point many
families would locate upon lots which
they have purchased there.
Death of Dr. Hathaway.
BERKELEY. Dec. Ill— Dr. Edmund
Valentine Hathaway passed away shortly
before 11 o'clock this morning at his resi
dence. 2427 Channlng way. Dr. Hatha
way was £2 years of age. He was a na
tive of Freetown. Mays., and moved to the
university town aT.out "two years ago to
i«tay wfth relatives her*. An announce
ment of the funeral will be made later.
HENRY A. CHITTENDEN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
OAKLAND
VINCENT MAY DE FROM
THE HOLD-UPS' BULLETS
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. 10.
THE carefully planned hold-up and attempted
cold-blooded murdrr of Robert Vincent last night
in front of his residence. 5C2 Sixth street, to
pether with all of Its sensational details, added
one more chapter to the Startling scries of rob
iwrifF that have been attempted in O.iklnnd of
late. That this was not another chapter of murder Is
due only to a miracle. The men who fired at Vincent
last nipht fired to kill, and they only missed their de
npn by one-sixteenth of an Inch. Had they struck that
dteta&ee to the rlßht they would have cut Vincent's
spinal cord and caußed lnatant death.
The general opinion Is that the work Is that of the
same Rang that on the night of November 12 last mur
dared John Thomas in hie saloon at Campbell and Pa
treeta, when he refused to comply with the order
"Hands up!**
Oakland had scarcely recovered from the recent epi
demic of midnlKht hold-ups which ntarted with the job
at Peter Chrintianson's saloon, corner of Second and
Washington streets, on the night of October 31 last,
until it wus followed on November 4 by the bold If un
saecessful attempt to loot the safe and cash box at the
power house of the Alameda Electric Railway. On the
same ni^rht there was the more successful hold-up at
Coyne's saloon at Fifth and Peralta street, culminating
»n the cold-hlooded murder of John Thomas. Then the
Startling discovery was made four days Inter of several
■ticks of dynamite In the rear of the Standard Oil Com
- plant at Ninth and Campbell streets. Imperiling
■ d property in a large resident district in West
Oakland.
The signal success of the Police Department In frus
trating this last attempt at crime was marked hy a
sudden cessation '»f operations on the part of the enml
and t=lnoe then, in the vernacular of the Htreet,
th.-y have been "lying low" until last midnight, when
• Vincent was stood up und shot while fleeing
from the thug*.
Vinoent is the proprietor of a market at Wnshine
tfin strt-et. near Seventh. His place of business, as well
as his resilience. 5£2 Sixth street, only three blx-kH f r >m
hls« shop, are located In the very heart aud buslne^«» cen
ter of < 'akland. As was custnmarv on Saturday nights.
Vlnceat's market remained open very late, and when he
left he had In his possession the receipts of the day's
sales. si«me $50. As usual. Mr. Vincent walked down
Wa.-hlnKton to Sixth str«-et, thence along the n'Tth Hid.
of Sixth to <"lay, but <>ne block west. It was just after
he tiu'l crossed Clay street, and being perhups MVentr-
Bye f»-et from his own home, when two masked men.
heavily armed, who had been lying in wait In a yard In
the rear of ■ vacant two-story hou^e, corner of < "lay
and Sixth streets, sprang out in front of him and ordered
him to throw tip his hands.
The proximity of his home and the belief that he eouM
roach It before the thugs could Inflirt any Injury, prompt
ed Vincent to take to his heels and ret] at the t"j, of
bis vi>ic<*. As h*> left the sidewalk to reach the street.
one of the masked men leveled his revolver, took steady
aim and fir^d. The accuracy of the film Is evidenced by
the fart that the bullet penetrated Vincent's neck, and. as
h.» fill moaning, his assailants took to their hf-els, run
ning al«'iiß (May stnet to tuke refuge along the water
front. They made no further attempt to secure Vincent's
money.
POLICE CHOOSE GUARDIANS TOP
THE WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' FUND
PROMINENT BOBBIES PUT THEIR BALLOTS IN THE BOX.
SERGEAMT UNPHEUIER may bo an orphan, al
though he certainly is not a widow, but he was
:i last evening to support the dignity and wear
the title of president of the Widow* 1 and Orphans 1
Association of the San Francisco Police Department for
one year. The annual election of the association was
held in Judge Mohan's courtroom between the hour* of
5:30 and 7 p. m. Sergeant LJndhelmer had been a.n
av'jwi'd candidate for the presidency from the time the
subject was broached some weeks ago, and he was on
hand as soon as th- voting began, to see that he got all
that was coming to him.
Among the first batch of ballots drawn from the box
wore several containing the name of Sergeant Pat Shta.
fur j'Tt-Bldent. c«»ld shivers b» gan to play tag up and
rt'iwii L.lndhelm<T"s spinal column, but Shea was not
making any contest for the place, in fact he was not
even present, and as the count proceeded Llndheimer
gradually recovered his composure and toward the close,
wta n lii» election was assured, his chest began to ex
pand to the Imminent danger of his waistcoat buttons.
There were really no contests for any of the other
offices, with the exception of financial secretary, and
THE FRAWLEYS IN
WEAK MELODRAMA
mH. FRAWLEY knows his public;
p<. (!<,<»s li;ulilen Chambers, the
author Of "The Fatal Card." Mr
Krnwley befran by giving us good
plays with good companies, resorting oc
caxionally to melodrama as a spice to the
season; now he gives us melodrama with
an occasional good play as a sop to Cer
»»-nas and the company— well It is not
good. "The Fatal Card," by C. Hadden
Chamber*, is unblushing in its appeal to
the gallery. It lujrlns with an aborted
lynching and ends with an explosion of
dynamite and possesses throughout the
ira*s chanu fTI-tits of a "penny-dread
ful." No element of the true melodrama
Is omitted. There is the gentleman
rogue, the confederate sleek and slick,
the adventuress, the hero and the heroine
und the boy and the girl, the wily detec
tive, the injured innocent, the comedy re
lief and the slow music— the nlom 1 music
we have ulwnys with uk. The dialogue
Is as Imposstbl* en* George Meredith's, but
in another way. It is sententious or sen
timental. <oy or cunning, as the case de
niamlh. and always hustling with lighten
ing rods to catch applause.
I do not see how actors of intelligence
can be at any pains to perfect themselves
in such a play and that Is pornaps one
reason why Mr. Frawley's players are bo
ineffective. The other reason Is that
most of ihtm don't know how to act. lt.ir
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
It Is evident that the hold-up was carefully planned. i
as nave been all the recent hold-ups, for the thugs must '
Y e known that Vincent carried his day's receipts home,
and the vacant house near his residence afforded them ,
an excellent hi.llng-placo wherein to waylay their victim.
They had. moreover, figured out the time of Vincent's
arrival and the time that Officer Flynn usually reaches i
sixth and Jefferson streets on his patrol, which was not
many minutes prior to the shooting.
The shooting aroused the neighborhood. Lee Gilbert, '
Mr. Vincent's next-door neighbor, was Just retiring when i
he heard the one shot tired. He peered out through his
front bedroom window, and says he saw two men of *
medium height run toward Clay street and turn the ,
corner.
"I did not kndw what the shootlp** was about," he '
said to-day, "but I saw Mr. Vincent stnegerlng toward his <
•fate next door, and I instantly realized that he must 
have been shot."
p At the Receiving Hospital, whither John Rohan and *
W. H. Houghton. who were attracted by the shooting. -<
immediately carried the Injured man. Dr. W. 8. Porter i
extracted the bullet. Vincent's escape from death was
of such narrow margin that the extraction of the bullet <
required a most careful and delicate operation. The <
bullet had penetrated just one-sixteenth of an inch to the
left of the spinal cord, and taking an upward course, '
Imbedded Itself In the left jaw. Mr. Vincent has been .
removed to his home and Dr. Porter continues In attend
ance. The Injured man Is not out of danger by any
means, the fear of blood poison setting In being the most •
impending.
The police have been at work on the case all day. Just
an soon as the affair was reported to headquarters squads
of officers and specials were detailed to scour the whole
district below Seventh street, including the entire south ,
water front, and every belated pedestrian was halted
and had to give a satisfactory account of himself. The
open boldness of the hold-ups strikes terror not only to •
the citizens, but to the police, for notwithstanding the
utmost diligence the criminals implicated have evaded
♦ very avenue that might lead to their capture. It Is '
apparent, too. that the murder of John Thomas and his
murderer's successful concealment of Identification has
tended to embolden the criminals in their work.
One clew— and only one. though It may prove invalua
—was found to-day. The police have In their posses
sion two hats that no doubt were worn by the foot- -
pads Just prior to the hold-up. Mr. Vincent has Stated
his belief that hi.* assailant! were young men, and the
hats found are such as would most likely be worn by
young men. The hats, one an ordinary black derby
and the other a plain Fedora, were found In the yard 1 at
the rear of the vacant house. 19 Clay street, where the
footpads had been lying m wait for their victim. These
hats had been left lying In the corner of the yard near
est Sixth street, and the footpads during their actual
work had substituted ordinary black slouch hats, which
could be pulled 'down well over the eyes to hold their
masks perhaps. The appearance of neighbors on the
scene so soon after the shooting no doubt hastened the
footpads in taking to their heels and prevented them
from reclaiming their original head covering.
Chief of Police Hodgklns expresses the belief that the
assailants of Vincent are new at the business.
"I really believe that these two fellows are novices. No
professional crook would have found any reason to shoot
at a man under the circumstances in Vincent's case. He
was running away from them and was yelling and one
pistol shot would Instantly arouse the whole neighbor
hood. I moreover believe that the assailants were young
men and. If a strong effort will land them where they
belong, we certainly have hopes.
that was a contest In name only, ex-Servant William
L. Coles having made a light for the place against 8.
Hankln, the Incumbent, who has held the office for five
rears. Rankln received 1«3 votes, the highest of any can
didate on the ticket, while Cole* was absolutely Ignored.
Sergeant John Duncan, who has been treasurer of
the association for the last eight years, was re-elected
without opposition. The balloting passed off without In
cident, the members coming singly and In twos and de
parting as soon aa they deposited their ballots.
Sergeant Michael Joseph Conboy, one of the out
going trustees, who was present In full uniform for the
piirpndP of lending proper dignity to the occasion and see
ing that the returns were propt-rly canvassed, overlooked
the count from the Judge's bench. Ex-Chkf Kirkpatrlck
was a silent but Interested spectator. The result was
announced by Lieutenant "Jonnnle" Martin as follows:
Prisldent. M. Undhelmer, 136; vice president. J. T.
Fttzhenry. IM; treasurer, Sergeant John Duncan. 161;
financial secretary. 8. Kankin. 163: recording secretary.
Corporal H. Cllls, 1">4; trustees— John Rainsbury, 161*
John Cronln. 14<5; John J. Cuughlln. 132; L. C. Clark, M;
I. J. Tracy. tt. The total number of votea cast was 169.
The asßocltitlon is in a flourishing condition with a mem
bership of 600.
rinrton Reynolds as George Forrester, an |
aristocratic swindler, 1b a man with an. I
Hctor'B face— petrified. He Is pnsey and |
shallow and remarkably Indifferent. |
Frmncta P.yrne Is allotted the part of Ger
uld Austin the hero, hut h'- Is too creamy
for the part and. In what Is probably ihe
worst love-making Been* ever perpetrated
by a playwright, he Is pitifully Inane 1
would suggest to him as a man of Intelli
gence that he reconstruct that seen* on
and In other and better lint s.
In the subsequent and serious Bcenos —
love-making Is seldom s< rlous— he Is more
acceptable aoid I cun Imagine him doing
well In a part that suits him. Mary Van
Huren la beautiful and that is all. The
maiurescent Mary Hampton no doubt
finds the part of a melodramatic heroine
Irksome and yells her sentiments Into the
teeth of her lover In resentment of her
rate.
Mr. Frawley Ib in the cast.
Next week we are to be offered Plnero's
"The Princess and the Butterfly," an ex
cellent play, which I hope will help us to
forget a fearful fortnight. It will be grat
ifying indeed to say something good of the
Frawley company, a pleasure that has
hitherto been denied me.
PKTER OARNKTT.
Benefit for the Managers.
The pale of seats for the benefit for the
"charity fund" of the Associated Theatri
cal Managers of San Francisco will open
to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock at the
Orpheum. All the theaters are to contrib
ute talent and a highly Interesting pro
gramme Is promised.^
Onyx tables, lamps, framed pictures
and statuary cheap. San born, Vail & Co.*
Berkeley I
HIGHWAYMEN ARRESTED.
Deputy Sheriff Howell Captures Them
After a Desperate Fight.
PORTLAND, Dec. 10.-A special to the
Oregonian from The Dalles nays:
Deputy Sheriff Howell of Pasco County
had an exciting experience to-day with
two men. Brown and Wilson, whom he
had arrested on the Canyon City road
on charges of horsesteallng In this county
and highway robbery In Portland. Deputy
Howell arrested the men, who were on
horseback, near the top of the Deschutes
grades, and having only one pair of hand
cuffs put them on Brown. He tied the
horses' bridles together and started hln
prisoners ahead of him. Wilson, with his
pocketknife. cut the bridle, and both men
started down the grade at full speed
Howell In pursuit. After a chaae of a mile
he shot Wilson's horse from under him
and without further difficulty recaptured
his prisoners. Wilson has a gunshot
wound In the back, which he Is supposed
to have received In a fight with officer*
In Portland a few days ago.
Supplier for Philippine!.
SEATTLE. Dec. 10.— The quartermas
ter's office here states that the War De
partment has ordered the transports
Sheridan and Grant to this city to load
supplies for the Philippines. Assistant
Quartermaster Robinson has already con
tracted for 4000 tons of hay and 500,000 feet
of lumber and a quantity of corrugated
iron, one transport will probably io*d
at Tacoma,
THERE WILL BE
SOLDIERS FOR A
YEAR TO COME
Thousands Still for
the Islands.
WHERE THE TROOPS ARE NOW
NOT ENOUGH ARTILLERYMEN
TO MAN THE GUNS.
Army of 100.000 Renewed Within
Twelve Months — Congress
Expected to Increase
the Force.
As soon as the weather permit*
tents at the Presidio will h.- taken down
and everything movable will |
from the camps and will b.^ Stared
to be In readiness for another cmi ri
PUc-h as caused thrlr first .... uj
The buildinßs. the piping and the .s.wr
)ng will be left, but everything else will i
be cleared away.
It will not be for very long, however. '
for within a few months the tentd will
again have to be put into us.-, for until
the muster out or the votonteen now ir.
the Islands the Presidio will be as big a |
military post as ever It ha* been.
By July 1, 1901. twenty-four rt-glments
of Infantry and one regiment of cavalry
will have to be mustered out. and every
one of them will have to be brought back !
to this country. There will !).• m. •
ports to spi-ak of on the Atlantic
ut that time, and as a consequence ti. y
will all have to come back through this
port. Besides that, of the twenty-nv.
thousand regular Ir. the Philippines two
thirds of them will have been mu>
out within the next »ight#'.n months and
they. t0... wi1l have to be brought Lack
through the Presidio. In all th. trooos
moving eastward through San Francisco
from now until July of 1901 will amount
to more than forty-five thousand.
In the meantime, hnw»*v.T. the force in
the Philippines must be kept up and con
servative estimates put five hun.lr. 1 men
a month as the very smallest possible
number with which the present force can
be recruited. It i« believed thai th. >;..\
ernment will not attempt to maintain ;h»
volunteer commands at th-tr original
strength, for it would not be worth v/hile
term. As a consequence, the volunt.-.-r
to enlist men for the remainder of their
regiments will probably »>^ left to flit up .
their own ranks by consolidating bat- j
talions and companies, perhaps, until the ■
time comes for them all to go.
Five hundred men a month means
twenty-five hundred applicants a m.'t'th
for enlistment, but the rrcrultin* offices
can get that number easily. As a n
of fact, nearly thi- entire strength of the
present army of the I'nlted States, prac
tically a hundred thousand men has been
recruited since the beginning of January
jsvs. Before the Spanish war th>- compa
nies of the regular army rarely numbered
more than sixty men. and the regimt-nts
were of only two battalions. Wh. n the
war opened the companies were recruit- i
ed up to one hundred and six men. md
ai. other battalion, four companies, wa..* ;
added to each regiment. Nearly all I
new recruits were men enlisted un I
order Shat allowed them their diii-har*e*
upon application ar soon as thi
closed. As soon as peace was declared
they commenced to apply for their Jl.«
charges. and since then they have all
been M go Yet the regular army la still
at its full strength. m..r»- than a bo I
men to a company and twelve '-..rnpanieg !
to a regiment of Infantry. In addition to
that, the State volunteers hnv.- all been !
discharged and In their places th. re : ,re
now In the field twentv-f..ur full regi
ments of volunteer infantry, making
al'.ne a force of more than thirty thou
sand men. All these have be*. n raiced
since last June, and all hut sown of th»se
regiments have gone to Manila through
thir= port.
There Is a force In Manila now of close
to sixty thousand men Including forty
seven organizations, both regular and
volunteer. Twenty-four regiments of in
fantry and ..ne f cavalry are volunteers
The regular establishment const
twenty-five regiments of Infantry, ten of
cavalry and seven of artlllerv. The Firxt
Pecond. Third. Sixth and Ninth Cavalry
are In this country: fn< * Fourth Is In Ma
nila, the Fifth In Porto Rico and the
Bt-venth. Eighth and Tenth In Cuba
the artillery, the First and the Seventh
are at home, ten batteriep of the Second ;
are In Cuba and four at home; of the !
Third, ten batteries are at home and four
In Manila; of the Fourth, thirteen bat- i
teTle? are at home and one In Manila; of
the Fifth, twelve batteries are at home
and two in Manila: of the Sixth, twelve I
batteries are In Manila and two at Ho
nolulu. The full artillery regiment Is i
composed of twelve heavy or loot batter
lai and two light or mounted batteries.
Of the Infantry arm. trie Third. Fourth
Sixth. Ninth. Twelfth. Thirteenth. Four
teenth. Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eight
eenth. Nineteenth. Twentieth, Twenty
first, Twenty-second and Twenty-third
are In Manila: the Eleventh Is in Porto
Rico; four companies of the First are at
home and eight In Cuba; the Second. !
Fifth. Eighth. Tenth and Fifteenth are '
divided In the same way; the Twenty
fourth and Twenty-fifth have four com
panies home and eight each In Manila,
and the Seventh Is all home, with three
of Its companies In Alaska. The Eleven* h
Cavalry Volunteer and the Infantry vol
unteer regiments from the Twenty-sixth
to the Forty-ninth are all in Mnnlla. with
the exception of the Forty-ninth, which
Is on Its way there, and the Forty-eighth,
now In quarantine at Angel Island, which
will start for there as soon as It is freed
It can he seen from this that practi
cally all the Infantry and a good part of
the artillery is used In garrisoning for
eign possessions that two years ago this
country had no Idea It would ever own.
It will be seen, too. that all the troops at
home are no more than enough to keep
the posts regularly manned, and there 1*
hardly enough artillerymen to keep the
guns clean and free from rust, let alone
keeping them In proper condition. For
this reason It Is becoming more evident
that th*»re will be no Increase of garri
sons at the Presidio or anywhere else.
It Is this condition of affairs which
leads army officers to hold the opinion
that there will b# a great deal doing In
the military line at the present Congress.
If th* volunteers now In the Philippines
are let go without something to supply
their places there will hardly be 1.-ft h
soldier In this country. It will take *s,i>>)
men to garrison properly the Philippines
for some years to come, and there Is not
much more Infantry than that In the
army now. As to artillery, there is n>t
enough In the whole corps to man the
guns now mounted for roast defense.
It Is expected that. In view of th»s«
facts. Congress will Increase the army,
but by how much Is still a problem. If
It does not. and by July 1. WH, the army
in the Philippines has not (fuelled the In
surrection, there will be a peculiar staie
of affairs. The volunteers fust sent over
will have to be returned to their homes,
and there will be nothing for the >J..\
ernment to do but to provide for mor*
Sooner than do this, and In view of the
Increased territory to be guarded. It Is
expected a substantial Increase In th*
army will be made At any rate, for an
other year and a half San Francisco wIU
hold the new and suddenly attained posi
tion of the foremost military post In the
country, and soldiers will continue to
throng the streets of this city for a long
time yet.
Thinks Herron Safe.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS. YV\«h. I>. c.
10.— When Captain E. F. Glenn. Tweniy
fourth Infantry, was shown the Seattle
dispatch expressing fear for the safet>
of Lieutenant Herron. Eighth Cavaay
In Alaska, he said: "I have not th»
anxiety us to the lieutenant's safety; h«
unquestionably Is at Fort Gibbon, at me
mouth of the Tanana River, which « a 9
his objective point. Nothing can b« heard
from him until Ice forms In the Yuk-m
when he will probably come out by way of
Skaguay.
Examinations at Stanford.
STANFORD I'NIVKRSITY. Dec. 10.—
The university will clow for the semester
December 21 Entrance examinations for
the following semester will be held from
January 5 to 9, Inclusive. The university
will open for th« next semester Janu
ary S.
"ORIENTAL TRADE
A MYTH," SAYS
COLONEL IRISH
Burning Denunciation
ot Expansionists.
GAMP NOTWORTH THE CANDLE
EXx^NSE OF PHILIPPINE WAB
WILL fiWAMP PROFIT.
Five Great Nations Are o'ompetins
for the Asiatic Trade of $2 25 Per
Capita — America's Share
13 Cents Per Day.
Notwithstanding the drizzly weather
la*t night the Turk-street Temple wan
: comfortably flll.-d early In the evenlnc
with the frli is«!s and members of t'io
Social Democratic party. Tho anm>urce
ment that Colonel John P. Irish wai to
address the party on "Oriental Com
merce" was the nuigpet. The speaker in
Introducing his subject touched briefly on
the platform of the party he was about
to address.
""Hi. reading of some of your principle*
has disclosed the fart." said he. "that
you are thinking of great things; striving
after lofty ld«ms. and whatever may in»
aald of your party, your principles as »et
down In your platform show that you
have close at heart the betterment of
humanity. You wish to show your fel
low creatures the truth. You and I ar«
on this point Identical In our views; -*»
neither of us wish to s.e our fellow nr-n
led away. We both desire that all should
know the facts of lift-; that we should
have the benefit of an open-minded, un
biased public led astray by no deluMona.
uncorrupted by sophistical notions. Homo
have their attention led from higher
things by gorgeous pageants. Great
monarch*, knowing In their hearts th»
canker that Is eating away their power.
divert the attention of the populace ny
magnificent spectacles. One ut the most
specious delusion* before the nation to
day is the pageant of out Oriental com
merce.
"Trade Is a great thing. Trade Is on©
of the means of brim* all human *■"
clety together and placing It on the same
plane. Trade consists In th»- cxi"hang*> of
the surplus products of mankind. And to
obtain this surplus, to build up a trad«*. a
nation must have peace and be und's
turbed by war or internal tumults. It '.-■*
\ a mistake that trade can be induced by
war. War destroys.
"We are told that to Induce Oriental
trade we must Invade the Orient with
fire and sword; we must bring the hor
rors of war to the firesides of a pe.-wvful
people. What Is the trad»- of the Orient?
Our trade with Great Britain brings us
$13 per capita per day; our trad« with
Canada brings us $17 per capita per day.
and out trade with the entire Orient
brings us $2 23 per capita per day.
"I wanted to see why the buying capac
ity of Asia was so low. I consulted statis
tics; I corresponded with Asiatic ecr no
mists and I round that In Brttlsll India
: the average annual Income per h«*ad It
16 23. while the average annual Inromo of
Great Britain per head Is $201 The av
erage annual Income of the people of Eu
rope is an Immense per cent .<-*»' lof the
Asiatic oeoples.
"There are live pent nations— England,
\ Germany. France. Russia and "he United
competing for that $2 21 per cap
ita of Aslitlc trade. We are getting a fair
share, not our full share, but are secur
i ing 13 cents annual Income per capita,
when we should get -■> nts per annum.
| I hope we will get It.
"Th- Oriental trade Is being used as a
pageant to divert attention from th«
ruinous expenditure on the Philippine T?<ir.
Wherever a feeble voice Is iu»sea agaln.it
. this awful wast a great roar or.swern It
with the for-hlsm that "Without war a■•
cannot get the trade of the Orient.' I
i have not heard any of the rulers of Asia.
any of the Indian rajahs, and among thcs»
men there are numbered the most bril
liant diplomats and shrewd statesmen of
• the world, say that In order to get Amer
ican trade it Is necessary to seize terri
tory in the United States. They have mu
tual trade and they will continue la hare
mutual trade with Ul without pnylng Th*
price of blood and gold. Before our H.ir
floats over a peace that hns cost hundred*
of blight yrurg lives and lost us for»ver
i the flower of our youth we shall have
spent so »nany millions that we shall hnvo
discounted all our profits on Oriental com
merce for years to come.
"We sell $17 per head to Canada, and w«
I don't have to cut a throat to do If W«
sell $13 per capita to th» British Isles, and
; we own not an Inch of ground, except a
few rocks east of our Atlantic seaboard,
| and we have not found It necessary to in-
I vade Britain. Is It possible that then*
I In any truth In the statement that. In
order to gain trade, we must Invade th«
land with which we wish to enter Into
1 commercial relations?
•'[ believe no wrong was ever commit
ted In this world that did not bring
retribution swift on Its he<e>l4. I be'lev*
every nation that commits a wrong on
another Is bound to feel the- effects. I
I came here this evening only to say that
the price we are naked to r>av for an
Oriental trade Is not worth the advan
; tage that may accrue from It. You may
have a trade that will gild this continent
from Maine to California, but If It bo
bought with blood It will prove not a
! blessing, but a curse. We could get that
Oriental trade by the niin« nean.i an
we do civilized trade— by producing a
cheaper article better than any one els*,
and whoever does that gets the trade,
, and gets It unstained ly blood.**
Prolonged applause demonstrated th*>
I deep Impression the address had mad* on
I the audience, and In the debate which
I folloy'd th«» questions asked *ho .red
I Colonel Irish's Burning words had been
appreciated.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
Ml to 180 Geary i .r«*t. Abor* Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AXD STATION'ERT.
COAL. COKH AND PIQ IRON.
If HI CAW £ Cft K0 Battary dtr«K.
J- Ir W IL3UiI (I tU- » Telephone Main ISO.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC PftVFS CO B>>lppln« Butenen. 104
JA> DUICoatU'. Clay. TeL Main irM.
FURS.
XN IflFSTin * * '"' it. upttsin. L«?e«
. 11. LVIJMV, rtyu*, lowett price*. Wfnodellng.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, M " * * &2Zi
at. Castings of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1506.
PAPF.R DP.ALRR^.
WII 1 1MFTTF i ' UL * AND paper co..
nILLAJICIIC TO Montgomery st.
PRINTIftO.
ECHUCHES, mfc Ss?g-«.r.
• Vr UtUiILJ. in Banaom* at.. S. F
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
Tele^phU, PARTRIDGE m Oiy
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. cd B la?I
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its OKEE.N
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la U«
market. Office and Yard*— Mala street.
Radway's
Pills
Purely r»)c»taH». ralld and reliable. Cana*
1 perfect dlcestlon. compute absorption and
h»a!thful rniulifity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. wela. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularltUs. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
1 stipation. Piles and all derangements of th«
1 Internal Vlacera. »c a bo«. At Drugglsta.
lor by mall KADWAT A CO.. Kit Tork.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
:NF.Mi OFFICE of the San Fraacisce
Call, corner cf Market and Third ctreeta, oper
ur.tll 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
comer City; open until 9:30 p. m
*P0 Hayes »treet; open until 9:50 p. m.
CIS McAllister street; open until <• :j p. m.
€15 Larkln t-treet; cpen until SO p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
T2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JD6 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
ICM Valencia street, open until » p. m.
1223 Po!k street; open until » p. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
turliv rtrerts: rpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _ffV.
Arvh Mason*, meet, THIS EVENING. XJC
1 >• rre« «. / V >
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M. 7T~
—Called meeting THIS DAY. Monday. ~tt\.
I>ec. 1L IM'9. al 7.3u o'clock p. m.; de- j£3T
gree X. Uy order of the W. M. /V^
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Ixxice No. 2CO. F. A
and A. M.. ihJ'i FSlltnore «t.. between _JU_
l!u*h and Gutter— LoJae of lnttruction )53v
THIS EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. lly/V>
crJer S. W. HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
WILDEY Encampment No. 23. I.
O. O P.— Orflcers. «u>J metnt>c!*
«..-* recuertoU tn meet ::i Encamp-
rutnt Hall THId DAY IMON- *%fiw-
DAI"), ct 1 p. m.. to attend the funeral of our
late member. \\. KJIXITZ.
J. H. HAX SEN. C P.
YEIIBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. .^^-^rv
v » >. F. -Member* .lt» requested
to assemble ln Memorial Hall
THIS I'AV (MONDAY;. Decem- / w" k
b«-r 11, at 1 o'clt«ok, n> attend the funeral of
Brother C. W. ril.l.lTZ.
CJIAS. WILSON. N. G.
FRANKLIN Savin** anJ Building Associa-
tion— Notice !« hereby mven that the annual
meeting of the Hoc-kao!ders of the above
i. .■•■.. i .:.•.' • n will be ht-M at the meeting n>om.
No. 411 Bush St.. vii MONDAY, the 11th of
December. IS3J. at S o'cl.wrk p. m.. for the
fAirpose of electing dlrectoi* and for the
t:.-.:.»ii ■'.■:. i>f sucn other business aa may
properly cosie before the meeting.
F. •ANN. President.
WM. HATJE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
The Nevada National ISar.k of San Francisco.
> hi . will be held at Its banking li.>uk\ 201
Mont£f>n»ery St.. San FranclHco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 9. 1900. «t 3:15 o'clock p.
m . for the election of directors to M-rve for
the ermulr.r jeer, and the transaction of such
other buslaewi as may come N-fore the meet-
Ing. GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
t^an. Franc'.soo. December 9. IiSJ.
THE Ckltfornia Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine Iv the hydraulic
jrooers irom B. F. Keith and J. and \Ym.
llsr.aori. la the Sydney Flat Gravel Mine,
near Jacksonville, Vuoiumne Co.. to deposit
t:.. .:■■;_•■ In WcvxJs Creek and Tuolumne River;
Jrcm th» Eureka LiJie an.. Yuba. t'.inal Co..
> \s :.'..:<■•*.. ln a portion ■ f the Consolidated
Plarer Mine, at Columbia Hill. Nevada Co.,
to deposit tailings In Spring Creek: from F.
M 'I";.::.;..*!- n. ln the Chalk Flat Mine, near
Pike City. Sierra Co.. to deposit taillnss In
< !..i.k Fiat llavlne; from Walter Iljlre. la
the Bc4re Piacer Mine, near Xtallroa<l Flat.
<»...••;«■ Co., to deposit tailings In a ra-
vt:i«. below the mlr.e; from Paris Bean, in a
branch of Ooffe* Pot Ravine, in Yuba Co..
near Clipper Mills, to Jej«osit taUings In
Coffee IVt Ravine; from J. W. Plnd«r. in the
L'.ttle Gap Mine, near Hamilton, Tuolumne
Co.. to deposit tfclllr.rs ln Streamless Valley;
f r >m J. M. Gilbert and A. M. Colwell. .n the
Iten Frar.klln and Darts Consolidated Mine.
et Yar.Ueo Jims. Placer Co., to «le;*>i-it tull-
■••?« in an • '.! pit; from Jos. Williams rt
als.. la the WllMams liaach Mine, near Ono,
Fhasta Co.. to deposit tailings ln Watson
Ouicb; from O. W. Henderson et als.. ln the
I'outliern Orors Mlnr. at Yan!-*e Jims. Placer
Co.. to deposit tulllngs ln Mexican (iulch;
and from A. W. >.:».: :i et. als.. in the Chero-
k»« Mine, at Cherokee. Butte Co.. to deposit
tailings in I>ry Creek, gives notice that a
meeting wl!l l>e held at ruom IX Flood bullJ-
lng. Pan lYandsco, Cal., on December 28,
ifcW. at I:3d o. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting bf
the stockholders of the Paauhau Surar Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office
of tbe comrany. 327 Market ft., in the city
an' county of San Francisco, on SATUR-
DAY. tb» :a day of Dee-ember. ISS*. at the
nour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board cf directors to eerve for the
er.suine year und the transaction of. such
ether bu»lne«a as may ccme before the meet-
Irq Transfer books will close en <-dnes-
Cut, November 22, IW. et 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. FHELDON. Secretary.
TJie above advertised meeting cf the Paau-
bau S<i»»r Plartatlon Company Is postponed
until THURSDAY. December 21. 1599. at 11
r>c\'<V ■ m. X H. SHr.LDON. --tnrv.
ASTIIOLOUV.
YOUR fortune— A etmlorv. by mall enly: fend
P. O. meney ordT f<T $2 l\ with the following
required data: The hour of your birth a. m.
<t p. m : <!ate. nvath. year: city and country:
also whether male or female, married or sin-
gle: please stnt» where you wlrh your horo-
*JT« arid reading forwarded to by mall. Ad.
PROF. L C. HENRY. Astrologer. P. O. box
HI". Fsn Francisco. Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KINO. Klxth floor. Chron-
icle building: no advance charges; ail cases;
estates, mortgages. damages, collections,
bankruptcy: wills, etc.. Crawn; moderate fees;
call or write.
ADVICE free; dlvoree law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. M 0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason;
ct-nsultatlnn free; moderate fees.
F. EL MERiBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sult ' rrartlce at CC3 Cal. st.. Clunle bJdg.
'■ S. CLARIC Emma Kpreekels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
ADVICE fr»»: no charg* un'.ess successful. W.
W. DAVIPPON. y;; Market rt.. opp. Mason.
niCYCLE lIBPAIRING.
T . Of- H. n. VARNEY. Market and Tenth!
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPESCIALTY.
BUAHU AND lIOO.MS.
"BELGRAVIA H OT EL/^~PonTand'c[ay— Sun-
r.v ruites; best board; for 2. $45 up; single, $20.
EDDY. 123— United State* Hotel; rooms ii a
week up. with board $5 M: suite for two with
board. (12: board, !♦ week, meals, He: ele-
vator runs all nlgnt.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market-Elegant
new furniture. tln>t-cla*s In every respect:
table unsurpassed; hot and rolii water, ele-
vator; suites, with board for 2. $10 month up.
LAS PALMAF. IW* Market et.-^Rulte or 2 or S
rm. ; private; hath; sin. rms.; board optional.
LONGWORTH. .VJ Geary— Large suites, bath,
for 3 or 4 gentlemen; excellent table board.
JCEW family hotel: first rlnss In all appoint-
ments: excellent UM». SC7 California St.. oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
rood tabl«- hoard; terms to holiday transients.
UOAIID AND lIOOHS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS room and board wanted: no ob-
jection If part or the whole In exchange for
vocal and piano leysons; by leading singing
teacher of I 1" . who** office Is In central ;..-
catlon. P.ox 1710. Call office.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WAXTBO 1 or : small children to board ln
l-lfumnt. runny home In tl,<» Mission • JS to
$30 per month. Box 1754. Call office.
WIDOW, has a nlee me, wants a small child
to boarS; cooj home; best «*are. M Fell n.
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hflmw Pook Co.. TC4 Ml»s'<~n «t.. near Thlitl.
nOQTS AND SHOES-
LADIES' lace ihoes. $1; boys* shoes. 75c.
Men's c>er*y *hoes, $1 2i; men's hr*>ts $1 7S.
Price lUt rent free. PEOPLES' SHOE
ETORE. 13C3 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
BOOTS and sl-.owi made to order from lst-c!ass
material. »« to $t; repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NINES 441 Hush St.. formerly with McNulty.
in BIITBM CHANCES.
A— PARTNER wanted; restaurant: to attend
ca*h counter and help In general; $71 per
month guaranteed ; prefer I ■•'■:• ■ r to hired
help. STENBEK<» CO.. 2C'4 Kearny «.
A -t27S— SALOON: i blocks of Market: 3 newly
fumlr.hed rooms; handsome bar and back bar;
value ln Eight: owner kick; must »i 11. STEN-
BEP.Q CO.. rtS Kearny M
A— J45O-HORSESHOEINO bhop: best location
In rlty; established 10 years; clears over $100 a
month; full value In atock; owner owns the
I uliaing. TEN BERG CO.. K\ Kearny st.
Mf*— COFFEH. tea, crockery, hardware; the
very be*t location: route with 200 customers;
$100 per month ruarante«4; lull Investigation
allowed. BTENBKRG CO.. V.^t Kearny st.
GROCERY and bar; corner: mast sold at
■rmpe. COWING A CO.. Xi Market st.
FINE corner gr» ' I '"r and bar: «lrkne*s cause;
bargain. COWINO & CO.. 535 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, clears, candy, notions,
wchool supplies. Pee COWINO. m Market st.
lIMO—SALOON; Potrero. near Union Iron Works:
fine fixture*: fall value, In stock: receipts $25
day. rent $20 month. BASrj>B. » Eddy st.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
A— CORNER saloon with 7 yearn 1 lease In
wholesale district: place e*tab. year* and
clearing from $3t*> to J«uO per -nth; no better
o?er in market. 11. O. WILKE. 906 Market.
A-S4OO— DELICACY store and branch bakery,
on Larkln m.; rent $li; good paying business;
fine place for 2 ladies or man and wife. . call
R. G. WILKE. H/6 Market st.
A— JCO— CANDY store and factors*, with living
ruomi, In choice location on Polk St.; rent
$32; clears $35 per week; elegantly fitted; a
rare chance. R. O. WILKE. 9f6 Mai st.
A-s2C(>— RESTAURANT In mining town of 40C0
Inhabitants; dally receipts $20; rent $35; a
bargain. R. G. WILKE, »06 Market st.
A— s|i\«)— COßNEß grocery and bar: choicest
location; rent $40; doing a lome store and bar
tra<!e: rtock all fresh; a rare opportunity.
Call R. G. WILKE. *06 Markft st.
A— moft- RESTAURANT close to Market and
Maaoa sts.: doing a rushing business; place
elegantly fitted ip; worth double the money
usked. Call R. Q. WILKE. 606 Market st.
A-sttO— I*ORK and delicacy store, doing a
large and first-class paying business; rent
$20; the very best location; owner must sacri-
fice on account of other investments; a great
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 606 Market st.
A— ICOO— SALOON: ■ >'Farn II and Stockton sts.:
I lease. R. O. WILKK. SO6 Market st.
WANTED— Party to Join me In hotel proposi-
tion: must command about $r>o/00. Box 1798,
Call office.
$75— FRUIT and grocery store: good location;
living rooms; rent $12. 412 Folsom st.
BLACKSMITHS, machinists, mechanics— Best
recipes; how to weld cast steel. Improve poor
Iron, write upon steel, silver, gold; 19c. J.
ZIMLICH, 227 East Seventh St.. Los Angtles.
RELIABLE man to take half-Interest in a fine
tailoring store; long established: present
owner has other Interests which demand his
personal attention. Box 1791. Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $10,000 capital to go
Into fruit and cattle proposition: will be pay-
Irq property from start. Box 17C5, Call office.
$72V-SALOON for nale; well equipped and In a
line locality: sickness is the cause of retiring;
no agents need answer. Box 1795. Call office.
SALOON. Ith 2 living rooms furnished; good
trade, rent reasonable; good location. Box
IKS. Call office.
EMALL home restaurant, north of Market St..
for sale at a bargain. Owner, box 1706, Call.
TO furr.irh a restaurant on the Installment
plan call 422 Parrott building.
TO buy or sell a place of business call at room
422, Parrott building.
FOR sale — Old established wagon-making and
horrefhoelnK buriners: 15 years present lo-
cution. Apply 22 Cortland aye.
FOR sale — Cheap, a good-paying fruit store on
Scott St.; good business. Apply COl Halght.
$2000-PAUTNER wanted In old established
business. Uox 1714. Cat] office.
BARBKR shop and rooms complete; rent low.
11C2 Howard St., near Seventh.
FOU FALE— First-class restaurant; north of
Market St.; half down. Box 1713, Call office.
SMALL home restaurant, north of Market St..
for tale bt a bargain. Address Owner, box
1706. Call.
FOR eale— <Jood fruit stand: $ living rooms;
cheap. Apply 150 Eighth ft.
RESTAURANT— Good place for man and wife;
dally receipts $12 to Jig. 215 Mason st.
$150— FOR tale; a first-clasa candy and Ice-
cream parlors; very cheap. 203 Second st.
EHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and mere in work. WM. HENDRICKSON
& CO.. Cl 4. Call building.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrtptlons has been establlnhed at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tts. Open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception cf adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened .
at 1223 Polk 6t.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096 Va-
lenc'.a st
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy.
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons.
new, fuitable dry goods stores. SIS Harrison.
ALL kinds of rragrns, burgles, carts, harness,
«te.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wacons. carts,
bugrl>s. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
CARPET XIEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 3i3-3i7 Tehama St.; tel S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth tt.: tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Car^t Cleaning Co..
433 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rate*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.:
tel. Main TH. OK" WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.
FTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie J44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 243 14th
st . ; cleaning. Sc per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate aye.: l»th'r.e East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spoar st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
tulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
»he reveals every hidden mystery: she will
»how you how to overcome your enemies, re-
move family troubles; retore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
With r;— terms. MRS. Ml F. CLARK.
2CJ Turk St.. near Jones. Home Boa. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance.
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ten 8 Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
MRS. DU PREE. card reading; questions an-
swered by mall; advice given. Is 7th. room 7.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future. 25c. :*• Sixth, r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
nader; 2."> c up. 73 Fourth ft., near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the origi-
nal gypsy life reader: readings. 25c.
MISS MELVILLE, rreat clairvoyant and water
reader: Cerman spoken. 9214 Mission. or 1 Mint.
EDWARD EAR] Independent slatewrlter.
S3O Ells St.: circle Pun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
__sltt!nirs daily. Sin* Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; SSc up. 6 Fourth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 102% Sixth St.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
I'iiniVs picture. 25c; Indies. ?14 O'Farre.. St.
COLLECTION (lITKKS.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge unl
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~
COTTAGE of • rooms and bath at SlO3 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon; -lately renovated.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms. 23 Bylnrton st . between
Ellis and Furrell. Flllmore and Webster.
COTTAGE. « rooms, bath: stable with 4 stalls,
and large yard. 1205 Valencia st.
DENTISTS. ~
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINB* dental parlors, 927
Market »t.. over Cafe ZAnkond— Teeth extract-
< .1 without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaerthetlcs ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artlstlo
dental work at reasonable prices: pure gold
fillings from $1 up. other fillings from toe;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled cr crowned without pain; plates that fit
from '< CO up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Pynol. on application t.i the gums, removes
the pain: »•' our flesh colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for M
y*ars; crown and trl.lge work; teeth with-
oat a plate; fillings. COc; crowns. $3 CO; plates.
full set. ti; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Slsth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. (4 SO up- of-
fice hours. 9 iv. m. to 10 p. to.; Sundays, »'to 2
p. m. 41. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager
V; GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farre'l sL ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hi* wonder-
fulwcret method; crowns. $2; brliger 14-
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received B 'first
prUas; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
full set of teeth. $4; crowns. 13; fillings. 25c.
6 You^G. t n«poik h .r ~ puta - dr - * <\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL!L, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM— Pnlnless extraction by electric-
Sty; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. ?97 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market ft., near
Hleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors ;open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; work warranted 19
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading
system; »asy payments; evening classes; pat-
terns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking. -lies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary: dresses
made. 15 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Pust. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S ess College, ii Tost St.. S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 0-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building: be wise: follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
ALL ftudents but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market st.
ENGINEERING school.clvil.electrical. mining."
mcch.. survey, asimy. arch!.; day and even.;
*st ISC4. VAN DER NAILLKN. 933 Market.
MISS M. O. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall. 302 Montgomery st.
THE Hitchcock School, San Rafael, for young
men and. boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
K. J. APPLEBY, banjolst and teacher; hours,
1 to 5 and^S to 9 p. m. 220 Eddy st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater, 310 OTorrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College, 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stare, quickly taught;
or class. Barker's Academy.927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 1234 Bush St.
LAW whools. 527 Market, S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
START right and the end Is In sight. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1003 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG.arithmetlc, grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 424 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
] FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 65a CUy «t.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Poet; phone Main 1»86.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414»» O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 4:5.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary nt.: tel. Grant 3*.
EMPLOYMENT — FEMALE, j
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation.
can give best of references; German waitress
desires situation In private family, best of
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion: beEt of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires a situation
i.s Brsesln: first-class German second girl,
best city references, and a first-class cham-
bermaid and waitress, hotel or boarding
house, rant positions. Apply to MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.. phone Main C3l.
: ALL-AROUND cook and help: can take chefs
plac« or full clianre of kitchen; English.
French and German cook; first-class pastry;
first-clays hotel reference?. 242 Natoma et.
COMPETENT and reliable woman wishes situ-
ation to do general housework In city or coun-
try; moderate wages; references. Address 7C2
Brannan ft., near Seventh.
DRESSMAKER; thoroughly competent: perfect
fating: latent styles; expert In remodeling;
goes to families; price moderate. Address J.
HARROLD. box 1717. Call office.
WANTED— By reliable woman, position as
cook In private family: good references: city
or iK>untry. 215 Mason st.
A GERMAN woman wants to do washing. Iron-
ing and house cleaning by the day. Please
call C 5 Tehama St.. between 1.-t and 2d.
GERMAN lady would like to do housework and
washing by the day. 609 ft Natoma st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing or houseeleanlng. 1206 Folsom st.
WOMAN of ability and refinement desires posi-
tion In nice family; light work and sewing;
hair dressing: manicuring. LEONARD, box
17C2. Call office. f
RELIABLE woman wishes situation an work-
ing housekeeper or nurse. Apply Sl5 Ala-
bama st.
GERMAN girl willing and good washer desires
day work cleaning or wasWng and Ironing.
4 IS Parnell m.. tel. Main D 332.
GERMAN girl desires steady work: half a day
or a few hours dally. 41S Parnell st., teL
Main 5332.
YOUNG woman would like position as house-
keeper or will do chamber work In a lodging
house; answer by letter. CCS Jessie st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to do general
. housework. Call at 12 Rltch St., off Folsom,
between Third and Fourth sts.
! GOOD washer and Ironer wants washing to do
at home. Call CC4 Eddy st., near Hyde.
GOOD dressmaker wishes few more engage-
ments by the day; $1 CO. M2A Turk st.
RESPECTABLE American woman, no lncum-
brance, desires position as housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust; capable, dill-
gent and faithful worker; city or country.
Address J. A. P.. box 1483. Call cTtice.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day;
terms $3 per day. Call or write. 1424 Market
et., room 7.
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children's
dresses; reasonable; all work guaranteed: will
go out at $1 25 a day. Call or address 63»
Fourth tt.
. __
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 right; $1 CO to $<
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage t.i and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky f.ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
iptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia Ft.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk rt.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with homes, tools,
willing to make himself useful, wants light
work; good home more an object than wages
Address H. W.. 23« Rltch st.
COOK with wide experience; good reputation;
cood on broad and pastry; sober and eco-
nomical. GEORGE STOLL. Ross House.
MIDDLB-AGED reliable man wants hotel or
Institution work: good references. PETEK
MORROW. 227 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS cutter wishes position: Is also
experienced, first-class tailor. Box 1735. Call.
WANTED— Position In drug store by graduate
of pharmacy; 19 years' experience; In or out
of city: best references. Address box 1735.
Call office.
YOUNG man who ha» had some experience as
notion and dry good! salesman wishes posi-
tion as salesman, clerk or assistant book-
keeper; good references. Box 1733. Call office.
j SITUATION wanted by active arid Industrious
elderly man; thoroughly understands care of '
homes; good milker and gardener; willing to
make himself useful at anything; references
Box 17.-.C. Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger and decorator, first-
class, temperate man. best references, wants
employment: will work reasonable; city and
country. Painter. 966 Folsom st.
YOUNO man, coatmaker, desires employment.
Box 1766. Call office. '
STRONG boy of 16 wishes employment. 55»
Stevenson St.
BUTCHER wants a position '.n a chop or mar-
ket; reference. Address 4H Newell St., off
Lombard, bet. Mason and Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS llcen*e<l plumber will work by
the day or month for property-owner or ea-
tute. has all necessary shop tools; owner can
buy stock at cost: reference. Box 1753. C.iU-
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, de-
sires a permanent situation. As to qualifica-
tions. Al references, etc.. address C. S., 1022 i
Jackson st. ':'■>■
A YOUNG man, energetic, trustworthy, desires
ptsltion as delivery clerk: good driver; wages
$5 per week; references. Box C. Call office.
YOUNG man, speaks English and German
blacksmith by profession, able to do any
work In steel or Iron, especially tools, wants
work. Box 1710. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER and machinist desires employment;
6 years' experience; understands the care of
boilers, pumps, dynamos, gasoline engines;
good references. Address box 1720. Call.
YOUNG man, German, with best of references,
wishes a position to do anything, but would
prefer a place as druggist or nurse. Box 1721,
Call office.
STEADY, unmarried man desires position of
trust as collector, watchman or work as Jani-
tor or elevator man: can supply the best of
references. H. B. care of C. P. Richardson,
137 Market st.
WANTED— Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.: reference* given.
_ Address box 14r«. Call office.^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1W« Va-
lencia »t. .-•■':
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
CUT THIS OUT.
USEFUL PRESENTS.
"WEAK EYES AND POOR BIGHT.
NEW METHODS.
In fitting Mayerle'a Eyeglasses and Spectacles
by mall. This is proof.
WHAT DOES THIS MEANT READ IT:
Mr. George Mayerle, 10714 Market St.. San
Francisco— Dear Sir: The glasses I ordered
from you by mall, much to my surprise, give
me perfect satisfaction. When I ordered them
I very much doubted your ability to suit me.
but I must confess that I am delighted with
them. I have Just had three sets of glasses
made to order, but since I have been using
yours I have filed the others away on a back
ehelf. ARTHUR DRANSFIELD.
Librarian Public Library. New Harmony. Ind.
FROM REAR ADMIRAL W. T. SAMPSON.
Mr. George Mayerle, San Francisco— Dear Sir:
I received your glasses about August 14. Just as
we were sailing (ran Guantanamo for New
York. The glasses had evidently taken a long
Journey before reaching me. which they did In
good order. They fit beautifully, and I have
been using them constantly since they came.
Yours sincerely, W. T. SAMPSON.
Rear Admiral. U. B. Navy.
CURED DREADFUL PAIN.
Mr. Geo. Mayerle— Dear Sir: I write to In-
form you that the glasses I received from you
have cured the dreadful pain In my head, for
which I am thankful to you. E. BAGOT,
15SS Lafayette 6t.. Alameda, Cal.
FROM GREAT FALLS. MONT.
Mr. George Mayerle. expert optician, Ban
Francisco— Sir: Your glasses arrived last
week and have proven very satisfactory in ev-
ery respect. I shall take pleasure In recom-
mending them to any one suffering from affec-
tions of the eye. Please duplicate order In eye-
glasses with your patent offset frames. I am
Yours. HOWARD M. LEWIS.
WATERY. PAINFUL AND SORE DYES
CURED.
Mr. Mayerle— Dear Sir: My eyes have been
watery and were Inflamed and very painful a
long time. The glasses that have been prescribed
by doctors and opticians seemed to suit me fine
when I first put them on, but caused awful
pain after using them awhile; but your glasses
have entirely cured my eyes. I can use them
with comfort. JOHN SETINPFLE,
I have testimonials from the highest U. 8.
army, navy and Government officials and moat
eminent doctors, lawyers and clergymen. May-
erle's copyrighted system of fitting glasses by
mall sent on receipt of 2c stamp.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
10.14 Market st.. San Francisco; exam, free.
Telephone Mint 257.
GEORGE MAYERLE. Oerman expert optician.
1071H Market St., San Francisco: exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT flat < rooms: bath. 440 Geary st.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10
Montgomery st.
GEARY. 1917—4 comfortable rooms; bath- tol-
let; 2 beds: 2 stoves; gas and coal; $13.
lIAIGHT. 621-Elegant almost new flat of 7
rooms and bath; $25.
HANDSOME upper flat of eight room* and
bath: sun In all of the rooms. 724 Turk st.
LOVELY new comer flat. Richmond District
Eighth aye. and Clement St.. 6 rooms; bath.
MODERN flats; Just finished; 5 and 7 rooms:
bath: basemt.: yard. 1923-1537 O'Farrell ; reas.
MISSION. 1511. near Eleventh— 6 large, sunny
rooms; bafh. yard and laundry; rent $17.
$19—5 ROOMS, bath; yard; water free. 1323
Stelner st., near Ellis.
$16—4 NICE rooms; bath; toilet; gas; yard-
cellar. 1917 Geary st. '
FKKK TO _ ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; SOxSO Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1313 Stockton
«t.. near Broadway; open evening.
FIVE rooms, furnished, for sale cheap. Call 10
to 12 (no dealers). 25 Birch aye.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 CO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A- Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 13..3.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrak.in yokes. $10 to
$:0. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kfarny. top floor.
HELP — AGENTS.
WE want agents to cell Economy harness riv-
eter; holds enough rivets to do several dollars'
repairing; sells, loaded, for $1: price Is right;
reload for 7c; agents make $200 per mo.: send
II for sample and terms. Foote Economy Co.,
33 Boucher St.. Ix>s Angeles. Cal.
HELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
A thoroughly experienced typewriter and
stenographer, references. $25 without machine,
PI with machine, see party here at 9 Mon-
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAITRESSES. Bakersfleld. Jamestown. Duns-
mulr, Keswlck. Islcton. Tlburon, $20; cook.
Kennett. $25; cook, restaurant, $1 day; wait-
ress, city, $15; mangier. $15; 20 girls wanted
Monday tor housework, $25, $20; 10 girls to
arslst. $15. $10: chambermaid to wait. city.
$20. C. R. HANBEN & CO.. 104 Oeary st.
ASSISTANT nurse 1 child. $16 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN governess, t children, $20: country:
see party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NURSERY governess; must understand music;
$25; country- MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
PLAIN laundress $20; small country hotel; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
A LAUNDRESS. Nevada. $30: cook, American
family. 135; cook, 3 In family, $25, see lady
here; 2 cooks, country hotel. $23 each; 2
cooks, hotels, city. $30; 20 housework girls,
city an.l country. 130, $25 and $20; 10 young
girls to assist, $10 to $16; 4 restaurant wait-
resses, $6 per week earn: a colored cook,
country. $25. MISS H. CULLINA-N. 823 But-
ter st.
YOUNO girl for general housework: American
family; wages $20. Inquire after i a. m. at
712 Cole st . near Waller.
CAPABLE young girl for general housework;
$20; references required. 2114 Central aye.,
between 9 and 12. .
WANTED— or woman to do light house-
keeping In small family. Apply at once at $81
Oak St.
GIRL for general housework; to sleep koine.
Call 1 to 6 at 1608 Bush st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 633 Na-
toma st.
WANTED— Young girl to work at dressmaking;
also an apprentice. Address 16154 Devlsadero.
WANTED— A neat young irlrl to assist In
housework. Call at 1711 Baker st. . :•! "
WANT a neat bright young salesgirl. Inquire
1304 Market st. 1
GIRL for Plain cooking and washing; I In
_ family; $15. 2612 Larkln st.
NEAT girl for general housework In small fara-
lly. 1726 irk st.
GIRL about 16 to assist with general house-
work. 3248 Twenty-second St.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
737 McAllister St., near Octavla.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking; paid
while learning". 625 Golden Gate aye. ■ --:..
WANTED- A waitress. 613 Clay st.
WANTED-Expertenced waitress! Apply 128
Ninth st.
GOOD finisher on coats; understand button-
holes. 251 Eighth st.. Oakland. «
GOOD finisher wanted on custom costs. 304
Tehama st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness: hail-dressing taught In four weeks. Call
or write for free illustrated catalogue. MO-
_LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay rt.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts and shirt
waist; steady work. Apply A. HOFFMAN.
412 Market st.
WANTED— First-class saleslady for cloak
store; good wages; permanent position. Box
1782. Call office.
WANTED— Responsible, willing woman, fairly
educated, for position in Texas; references.
Box 1745. fall.
WANTED— Young worran for general house-
work, need not cook. IR3I Eddy st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woraanfor housekeep-
er: a Protestant preferred. Box 1786.
WAITRESS wanted: good wages. 681 Clay st.
WANTED— Dressmaker and an apprentice to
come to work Monday morning. 131S Larkln.
WANTED— A girl for upstairs work In a small
family. Apply 2000 Oough Et.
GIRL wants to do general housework. 87 Jack-
son st.
YOUNG girl to work In restaurant. 8 How-
* ard st.
NEAT second girl for Sonoma; $16. Apply 2210
Central aye.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has be«n opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— American gardeaer. $80; 2 farmers.
$23; 6 miners. $2 i 0 day; bread baker. $45 la
$50; I restaurant cooks, $40 and found and $S
week; waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. C 23 Sacramento it.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
U NEED A BAKER
A OOOK, A WAITER
DISHWASHER. POli-
TER. FARMER, PRUNER. LABORER.
TEAMSTER, MILKER. BLACKSMITH.
MINER, CHORBMAN, Wo< v,< "Hopper
CARPENTER, QUARRTMAN GARDENER.
COACHMAN. WHEELWRIGHT. PAINTER
OR ANY OTHER CLASS OF HELP.
PHONE MAIN 6S4S
TELEGRAPH OR CALL
IN PERSON. MURRAY
& READY. EMPLOY-
MENT AGENTS. 634
AND 636 CLAY ST
MURRAY ft READY PHONE MAIN .'S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
8 miners for gold mine $75
milk wagon driver, bakery wagon driver, city
Jobs $20 and found
6 chore boys
6 pruners. orchard and vineyards.. .$26 and fd
18 farm hand $26, $26. $20 and found
65 woodehoppers $2. $1 CO. $1 cord
plar.o player, upholsterer, other help
MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL BARKEEPER OTHER DEPt!
12 rooks, come and gee..s4£>. $40, $3rt. $:T. and fd
7 waiters, come and see.. s3s, $2<\ $25. 520 and fd
bartender, country hotel, bess here
$30 and found
young man. city, grocery store.. sls and found
dishwashers
MURRAY A READY,
634 and 638 Clay St.
IRON MOLPER CARPENTERS. ETC~
Iron molder. $3 50 day; mining machinery,
country, steady Job; 6 carpenters, house
work, S3 day
carpenters, bridge and mill work $45 and fd
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay m.
C. R. HANSEN St CO 104 GEARY~ST~
Teamsters for the Coast Railroad, free fare;
2 slasle-hand miners, $2 W> a day; 10 farmers
f r orchard work, $29; 6 woodchoppers. Tic a
cord.
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $73:
baker and pastry cook, country hotel north.
X". Mok for a hospital, country. $40; fry
cook f«o; waiter, country hotel. $30. C. R,
HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
" ' ATTENTION ! "
10 two-horse teamsters; free fare; call with
blankets. S o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST cook. 'plain hotel, $40; call early.
'• H HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary rt.
ONLY legal authorized employment office on
the. Pacific Coast— BARBERS' HOME, 1205
M.irket ft., cor. Eighth. Barbers' bosses sup-
plied with llritt-class help; charges reason-
able; country employers must pay transporta-
tion of men: send stamp for reply; barber
- ■; - ' r .•• WM HAHEREJ-HT. Mgr
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
m»nt. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jestle i;i.
MMAN and general man wants employ-
ment: single; do any kind of work; go any-
where: thorough; best reference*. Address
box 1716. «'all office.
GERMAN speakln*. married man. steady, with
references: do all-round common work; one
who understands care, of horses preferred; no
driving wanted. Box 603. Call.
WANTEI'- Steady man to keep plain accounts:
assist In light work; will pay $16 per week;
small capitnl required. 1016 Market, room 10.
("A B I N BT-M AX ER wanted. FINK aTcHIND-
LER, UM Market st.
BARRKR wanted and bootblack. Italian or
Mexican. 126 Market rt.
3 EXTRA wa!t»rs. 60S Seventh it.; call early.
WANTED — A barber; young man preferred. 21
Thirtieth st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
BUTCHER wanted; experienced cutter; refer-
ences. Address box 1799, Call office.
CAKE baker's helper. M Fourth st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. RS Montgomery st.
ENTERPRISING men for city work; good
terms. 1027^ Market st.
COOK wanted; hotel. 684 4th rt.
GOOD waiter wanted. (81 Clay at
WANTED-Nlght dlshwaaher, at 1390 Turk rt.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 87
Eddy st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 210 Washington st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 60 East st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; good all-round of-
fice man. Box 602. Call.
BARBER wanted; steady place. 487 10th rt..
bet. Washington and Broadway. Oakland.
LADY or gent: first-class negative retoucher.
DAMES A CO.. lilt Washington. Oakland.
WANTED— An errand boy; must have refer-
ences. 734 Montgomery st., room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted. 814 Clay rt.
BARBER shop for sale; very cheap; 16c shop;
good reason for selling: cash or part cask
Particulars of G. TROST. 1532 Mason st.
BARBERS— Oood-poylng 2-chalr shop: country
town. DECKELMAN BRos^ i^ Ellis st.
TAILORS— First-class tailor wanted on ladies'
suits; must be rapid, good, quick operator;
proficient In details; good presser. Apply to
STEIN. SIMON tt CO.
FfRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted: good
wages. BELABCO A HARRIS CO., 641 Mar-
ket tt.
YOUNQ man who understands cutting meat
and deliver and do general work; references
required. J. B. BAXTER, cor. San Pablo
aye. and Thirty-ninth st.. Oakland.
WANTEI>— Laborers and mechanics to know
that FM Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
rims Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
PHARMACIST wanted; first-class man only;
graduate preferred; permanent place: good
salary to right man. Address PHARMACIST
box 1772. Call office.
BARHERS--Hotel shop for sale; a bargain
DECK XI. MAN BROS.. 106 Kills st
VESTMAKEK or coatmaker can have nice shop
room cheap. 104 Kearny st . tailor shop.
BOY to drive wagon; help In grocery and bar;
wages $3. Box 1711. Call office.
SPECIAL first-class carriage striper who want*
■-i ; : iyment for part of his time. 109 Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S
F. HAURKR i-oi.T.F.OK. 741 A Hownnl St.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prli-es
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny!
600 PAIR 6 men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission ft., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
EEAMEN. green hanos and ordinary seamen,
at HERMANS. H Steuart st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Violinist and pianist at PROF.
FOSTER'S Dancing School. 1353 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn harbor trad»: only eight
weeks required: constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach th? tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. HOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. C 35 clay st. The only institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO. attor-
— eys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
60c. EG2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2.1 «■.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night. I.lndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: II a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091 Va-
lencla st. __^__^__^_^__^^^^____
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
AUCTION sale of horses In Oakland, cor.
Eighth and Harrison sts. Thursday. Dec.
14. at 11 a. m. 30 head, weighing from 1000
to 1600; stock can be seen at place Tuesday
and Wednesday; dissolving partnership; all
horses must be sold to highest bidder.
CATEN A OLIVER.
FOR SALE— Handsome sorrel mare. l.'. ; 7 hands:
sound, gentle and fast; also rubber mounted
harness: also new O'Brien Stanhope buggy;
prices reasonable. Apply 1729 California st.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1631
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black team*.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st : auction- sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1121
and 1623 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched Mack teams.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON A CO 1021 MARKET ST..
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE.
20 rooms, rent 140. only $650
23 rooms, rent $40, only $£00
48 rooms, good location, only $750
- 67 rooms, finest corner In city $3500
SI rooms, cheap rent a snap $2500
63 ROOMS, elegantly furnished near Leaven-
worth St.; price. $3500. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
28 ROOMS, furnished: building on 24 more;
Geary at. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
37-ROOM house; Just the thing for some nice
family; above Post St.. near Jones; clear*
$150; price. $2500. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
20-ROOM house; Kearny st $1060
24-room house; Sixth, near Market 150
I1)-roomI 1 )- room house; Fourth st 1400
Loan money on furniture. 1H per ct. monthly;
$500 and more. German- American, 34 Kearny.
TO buy or sell your furnished house*, see BA-
BIUB, I Eddy; 200 bargains; S to 100 rooms;
title guaranteed; money loaned on furniture.
$100— FURNITURE of 7 rooms.
$275—9 rooms; hard-wood furniture.
$1100—24 rooms: all rented; north Market.
Central; always pays. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy.
LODGiNG-HOUSE— 3-story. 60 rooms: In first-
class order; 237 Minna St., between Third and
Fourth sts.; rent cheap to rood tenant.
BURNHAM A MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery.
PARTLY furnished 7-room house; cheap If
taken at once; cent. located. Box 1718, Call.
TO buy or aell a house *-r to furnish your house
new on the Installment plan, call at room 422
Parrott building.
$1250— NEW furniture: Ellis-et. residence; $75
above rent. 422 Parrott building.
$40— LET; lodging-house. 13 rooms. 1531
Market si. near City Hall aye.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Hot; houses to let: fend for ctr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK A CO.
HOUSE. FLATS.
1705 Mason. 4 r $10! 133 Scott. I r $17 V)
25 Lily aye.. 6 r.. II 171« Mason. 6 r.... 20 00
273 Jessie. 8 r 23 575 Oeary. 4 r.... 900
f42 Howard. 6 r... IS 41S Fulton. I r.... 900
110 N,it na. I r... 131 m Shipley, 1 r... SOO
ALABAMA. 1664. near 27th— House, I rooms;
nice yard; rent $7 50; cosy. Owner 916 Bush.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
yard; rent $37 50; water free.
DEVISADERO. 521. corner Hayes— A bouae. 8
rooms and bath; $65 rent.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
JESSIE. 353. near Fifth— House of I rooms and
bath, all In good order. 111.
ONE 6-room house: all modern Improvements.
30 Noe St.. near Thirteenth.
REED. — House, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; $IS. Key 1325 Washington st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Lady's gold watch Saturday night, be-
tween Poodle Dog restaurant and Columbia
Theater. Reward at 201 Sansome st.
LOST— From float at Tlburon. gasoline launch
"Norwood": 2$ feet long. 6 feet beam. 6 horse-
power engine. C. A. McNelll. Tlburon. Cal.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES RODGERS. No. 236-1421.
The finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic dls-tases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of case* successfully; treatment can be used
at home: consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., 1362 Market.
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWTER. 610 Eddy at., bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hour*— 10 to 12. 3to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2711; res.. 1312 Golden Gat* are.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 17 year*;
call on a physician with man's knowledge:
cure $5: consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late sclen.
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed: treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $3: hours 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours. 10
a. m. to 6 p. m.; at residence. 12* Van Ness
nve.. 5 to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment. $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human hody. 115 M»«r.n st.
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, Mining attorney, room 40. lib
floor. Mills building. S. F.: tel. Main »44
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! Mcl
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures, new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1323 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— B« sure yoy go to the right store.
721 Market st.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store in the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
A NICE mandolin, which cost originally $n
for $1 60 at UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant avel
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathe*
Iron A wood; Id hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale!
ONE H. U, Smith 4-slded sticker: 1 GoodeU A
Water, planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor: 1 band saw; ; locomotives; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
A-$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hat*. $1 75. OD .
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers-
oak; complete; cheap, 1916 Mission, nr. 15th.'
MAGIC lanterns; new. and second hand- acety-
lene generators. Dullard A Creek, 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS SALE.
ANOTHER fine latest style sealskin Jacket.
worth $200. for $110. UNCLE HARRIS. 3
(»rant aye.
F f ) «Lu •We- Bill lar<l table; suitable for private
family. 7K Webster st.
B^t F^~ New ■ ni • w%or "l 'or banks, merchants.
I™?"*- residences; rortable safety boxes;
wait. Ba? 1 ?: bulllnn ■■'••• vaults, etc Th*
uaiti Pafe Co.. IJ9-m Market »t.. S. F . Cal.
F Fncl| I .h ii n 1 w l a ! 11 !r'' T ' Carr •»* •» * nd »
rm-lirif "v£ r L rk - flr * clajr « twlckdust. 8. 11.
- .HIRCH. *** Hansome st.; tel. Main 6038.
' llO^aTi*. 0 To*T 0 *, I ,"'"' 3 •«•*«•". 5 locomotive..
Brea£wa£2 <1 " U J laChlnery uteJ on Eureka
breakwater, j. p. jardine. 23) Fremont.
E rioo°^on~ C , crt P hofso *™ph. price reduced to
■
— — r; — —
__and sr.l.t. \v. i'
■■v"; r p Trv
S ££? ND " HAND machinery. -lectrtcal suddllm
boiler* and engine,. H. B^wi.igi'lt'g:
BUYS, sells, rents gear mar-hlnrry bollen
water pipe; new. 2J hand. Wnitluw^iiaslieaT:
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pill,- h T mil Am,'
gists, or Dog Hcpltal. Bl7oold>k Q T a ?"> ™«-
BAFE9— New ri n d band
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED-To hire 130 first-class icraper teams'
_«W^EJmh*u n r.r d bb * f * ; l ° n < >™ "
!&"
LADIES' and e » l . I . <Sl * a ' - c *»t-oT dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. iU Foi, ora . nr «th.
MONEY TO LOAX
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8 F Oak
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays J NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abov**BUtar
telephone South 14. owia.
AVOID delars; try al] o'her-.. 'r«rTse« me; tM
to $100,000; I per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estate* In probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages b.;u«hr advtcj
and money furnished. P. a. [. ..■ «« Markt.
ANY proposition, any amount; I per eenr first
second mortgages, estates In probate. tiit>rest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages, confidential; advice free. q E.
OLSEN. room IS. first flcor. Chronicle bld'f.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: Ist. M -ar.-j 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages anu legacies bought: no do-
lay; get my terms before doing business c.ae-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry btore, 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party or» furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
IiONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st-
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms)
C 3 and €9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 121 Kearny. room 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds, lowest
rates; take elevator; tel. Davis 935.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st. '
$5000 TO loan on furniture and piano* at 3 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 109 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorsee
B. F. Discount Agency, IU Phelan bldg.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rate*; Ist and 2d mortga.;
any proposition. DRY DEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 11l McAllister st.
IF your property I* mortgaged and you need
more money «-» H. MUnpHY. *T Market nt.
MUSICAL I>STIII'.UE.\TS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced plan
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good
pianos for $3, $4 and 15 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Btelntvay Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Francisco:
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hoo*«
.west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
K. 28 and 30 O'FaiTell st.; pianos, organ* and
all other musical Instruments of ail grades
and prices; terms easy; price* lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleas* and satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new style*. KOH-
LER A CHASE. $0 ©"Farrell st
A DECKER baby upright Is a fin* thing for a
holiday gift. See them at MAUVAIS*. 7U
Market st.
DECKER pianos and Packard piano* and or-
gans are sold only at MAUVAI3'. 769 Market.
OLYMPIA music boxes are sold very cheap for
cash or on Installment* at MAUVAIS*. 769
Market st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
14. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
I Chlckerlngs. 2 Melnways. 1 Voae A Sons and
fifty other slightly used high an 1 medium
grade pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter sal* of pianos on storage;
clostnc out lot of uprights Jb) up: open even-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; pi Ices reduced to Insure prompt sale*.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A SPLENDID opportunity to secure a beauti-
ful upright at a snap. Rm. 12. Flood bidg.
ELEGANT Stelnway upright sacrificed for
cash. Room 10. Flcod building.
:.!:•; ANT upright, stool and cover; coat
$350; for sale on $% Installments DJI Post.
A— ELEGANT Estey upright for sal*- slightly
used; magnificent tone. 203H Gough st.
OCR ptanoa have arrived; rented 13 per month.
Scott-Curtai Piano Co.. Ui Hayes si
WANTED— Upright piano for caah. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st. •
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other planoa. SOS
Post St.; open evening*.
WANTED— 2 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
SOS Pont st.
FINE F!«eher A Stelnway upright: aacriflecd.
KEEFFE'3. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Oeanr st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 21« McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. BCIIMITZ. IS
McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, tlther*. old and new. 11.
MULLET*. maker, repairer, t I^itharn pUe*.
OFFICES AM) STORES — TO LET.
LOFT 687 Mission st. : 3ox*>; power available for
shirt, glove, shoe or paper-box factory.
STORE or factory. 819 Howard St.; ilsfl or
part thereof: light all over.
TO-LET— Store; 223 Sixth St.: with bakers oven;
suitable for a bakery. Key at 223 Sixth st.
422 PARROTT bulldlng-Offlce furnished or un-
furnlJhed: reasonable.
ELEGANT large store: 4 fine rooms In rear;
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
993 Valencia St.. under Hotel Dennlston. cor-
ner Twenty-flr«t: business center «f Mloslon.
~~ ~ PALMISTRY. ~
ARLENI. disciple of Cherlro. scientific palmist.
The Norwood. 11l Taylor st.; phone Sutler
1301.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper;
superior to all and lower In price: s-ampl*
dot. 25c. malle.l. Cal. Camera Co.. 21 Geary.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Qulntnnlea la the on* thing that
will give your hair a fine gloss; 13c Dot. Sold
by LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
HA 111 and scalp remedies claiming to cure all
Ills arc fakes; If humbugged send stamp*. In-
formation saves dollars. DR. KUESTER
specialist. Narrow Gauge depot; gray hair
restored In 3 days.
HAVE your hair dressed by the famous LED
ERER. an artist In halrdresslng. 2Sc: doll's
wigs made to order; K. am • Shampoo, 4c pkg
O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. female specialist; Ma-
ternlty Villa. 1411 Eighth •■• . Alameda.
NO excuse for wrinkles; removed- lettuce lotion.
Almnniline skin food. Mme. Fisher. 13 Powell.
WANTED— Partner, lady or gentleman, with
$500. to take half Interest and act as treas-
urer In theatrical company; new territory.
Addre«* Actress. Call office. Oakland.
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct, beautiful
map; your soldier boy want* It for Xmas.
don't be stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
of $1 Pacific Publishing Co.. r. Ml. 927 Mar-
ket st., S. F., Cal. ; agent* wanted everywhere.PERSONALS.
JOl **h KOONiC Patent Trademark""
Attorney at Law. and C. right
No. « Sutler st Law, a Specialty.
Fan Francisco '"a. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
T V 1 r T Mr,i J.,?J .,?r 5 . e . r ° a w * Installment*. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and sth.
K m2£P25JJ|55 In 1 very room; Winchester
-I .• « ,?' "* Bt * near Market; 100 room"
?JL%*, 1 M i*r n1 * ht: tl 60 to $6 r*r week! '
free bus and bacKage to and from the ferry! I
COOO CHIIIfcTMAS trees; cites and prices to suit
• 11: delivered; order early. California Christ -
T tnas Tree Co.. MS Sacramento; tel Main Uw.
r « U , H °^, S d "" lrt . n * *« tnv «t in Nome mining
CalfSfflee °* » should address box 1473.
IX"»LL wtjrs made of human hair at La Verlte
raxlora. 1140 Market St.; telephone FoUom 44«?
LEADING- theatrical and masquerade cos-
\f T l\'' r /'' U -*i.S. B<l wlcb: «> un »T orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market Ft
AU T'!F IC . hoJ rdre*'lnr. 2&c; shampooing 20c;
halrdrestlnK and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parloni. 1026 Market tt.. over Wonder.
BTXMMBUSra corrected: booklet. J. WHITB.
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland. ;
ONLY rtore thrt buy* old cold. Jewelry and I
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. t"6 Kearny.
BEST price for ca*t-ofl" clothing and brlr-a-
I'rac H. MARKS 233 Third rt.: send postal.
PAIKTIXa and raperhanrlnr; rooms papered.
t2 T.H up. JENPK.. A BATH. Sre Sixth st.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair snedaltists, grow hair
<r no yay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy %U
INCRUSTATION— New Invention fnr china dec-
crators. Fe» a. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN a CO.. mfrs. of flne furs and peal
ra.rmet.ts: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lnc call on B. COHEN. 117 Third st.
WANTED-OM rold for manurg O. NOLTE.
1«-»iVr ;« O'Far™-H. 1»»t Pnwe'l wnri Muwn.
REAL ESTATE^ — CITY — FOR SALeI
A. M. EPECK &CO..
«67 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
1120.003.
DowT.towrj business corner. 137:6x137:6: stores
and lodging houses above; rents JSOOO annually.
fIOO.OOO.
KIMs-ct. corner: 00x127; stores and 70 rooms;
m-11l pay 7 per cent net.
*32.t00. 1
Stores and flats; modern: rents about $3400
yearly; let 10x60 feet: I frontages; cost tSO.OOO.
$27.t.00.
Near KV.r and Jones Its.* store and 26 rooms |
above; modern; rays 7 p<r cent net.
$rr..000.
Geary St.. near Taylor. MxM feet; no better
Tt-uy fi own town.
m.ono.
Mlaalon st . near Third; lot 40xS2; best bar-
gam on Mission st. to-dmy.
112. MX).
Close to Market and Taylor sts.; stores and
f.ats; I" feet front; rents about 1100.
IS2OO.
Corner near Market st.: ■ nts HIM yearly;
tt. re and flats; nearly new.
rrsoo.
Three new flats; vicinity Powell and Bush
ets. ; rents ITS.
J6OOC.
fS» Poet St.. I rood fiat* rents $60; lot 27x110 feet.
ISUfc
I^ot 10<>xl00 feet and cozy modem residence; ,
fine stable; warm belt Mission.
111.00.
Near Powell and Clay »ts.: 1 flats: rents JIS
A. M. CPECK A CO.. 667 Market st^
SOUTHEAST cor. Broadway and Jones; 47x60:
fine sheltered comer, magnificent view of
bay; n?uFt be sold on account of owner's
death ; brick foundation goes with lot: ccn-
venlent to tars; price 14100. THOMAS MAGEE
& FONS. 5 Montgomery st.
f£4oo-MODERN fc-room cottage on bltumlnlsed
street; let S6xlS. also a large 7-room hous*
en Pierce rt., near HaJght; houses built to
tult purchaser: easy •'■ >■ Inquire on prem-
Ires. F NELSON, builder.
110 REWARD for the arrest md ccnvlctlon of
any person caught tearing down our real es-
tate signs. GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON
He CO . ITOC Marktt »t.
FOR rale— Cheap, new I-story houses; * rooms;
latet-t Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Caktro-ft. cars; patent sidewalk.
808 LAUREL «t., cpen to-day. 10 rooms, price
:■'' business com»r. California st. ; muit be
Imnwd lately sold. Call at 1312 Sacramento at.
FOH rale cheap— J 2-ctory houses, in good eon-
.".•:-.. en 2CU> St.. near Howard. MUS.
POHLKER.
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Park,
vest of Flrrt aye.. and you with to sell them,
it: l en W. 3. (JINN 419 Montgomery st.
123. W— FINE business property; good lncr^me;
flats and t-tores Owner, hnx 12. **. Call offlce.
11EA1. ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Salo
HOMESTEAD. $300. Bonoma Co.; Improved;
flne property; stock; location; 60 acres open
land. t4l t'alirornla st.. room I.
ROOMS lull :iUC>EKUi:i'I.VG.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
' tUements and subscriptions has been opened
v 1123 Polk St.; cpen until » p. m.
AUSTIN aye., 102, near Polk— 2 sunny fur-
nlrhed rooms; complete for housekeeping,
with bath: cheap.
I CLASSIFIED .. Ivertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call'branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore »t.
EIGHTH. 112 — Furnished and unfurnished
rms. for housekeeping; reasonable; also -Ing c.
FIFTH. 3i3— 3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $13: also single rms.. $i. tf and 17.
GEARY. tls— Nice sunny suites for houskpg.;
other rooms; running water: baths: phone.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 640— Corner suite, with
kitchen; sun .II day; gas »tove.
HARRISON. 7Sl— Four rooms, furnished com-
plete housekeeping: bath; large yard, rent $16.
HARRISON. 735— Two sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; $S.
HOWARD. TH— Large eunny front basement
room; furnished; housekeeping; liable.
HOWARD. 7SlH— Sunny bay-window sult« tor
man and wife; others reasonable.
JULIAN aye., IS2. cor. Sixteenth, near Mission
—Furnished housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 2S— Funny furnished housekeeping and
eingle rooms.
MISSION. 654. nr. Third— l sunny front, newly
lumlshe4 room vlth stove; rent $7; also 1. $5.
JJIFFION. *45— Nice front room; folding bed;
kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
JCOE. 2:4— Large runny front or back room; or
housekeeping; $7 to tlO.
iyFAIIRELL, 22S— Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also eln*le room.
TENTH. 136 — Runny furnished housekeeping
rooms; al*o nice single rooms.
THIRD. 340— One sunny room, complete for
housekeeping; $« per month.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
euhsenptions has been established at 10SC Va-
lenrla st.
BOOMS TO LET Kara, and I'nfurn.
A— TmUNSWICK lIOUSE. Hi Sixth— Rooms
tic to II per night; {I 2J to IS pei week, and
light houxket-plng; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern n-rvlcc: elevator;
bath: rooms 10c to $1 :.<i day. MRS. J. KING.
BEFORE looking further for rooms, call at
room 422. Parr 'it building, and get Hm.
BOHEMIA, 231 Pout. cor. 6tockton— Single and
cor. tunny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourltts; elevator; all convenlcnca.
BURNETT. 1426 Market »t. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlsned rms., mj!Si-. slnrle; also unfurnlthed.
BUSH. 726. near Mamn- Furnished rooms for
gentlemen; }>, and V l"-r month; private.
CALIFORNIA. 14f«-Neatly furnished tunny
rot;ms; Reatlemcn preferred.
CARROLTON. 12l« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner: well furn; rm». it offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscrlptlons
received nt Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore sL
CI.AY. ■ft— large furnished room; use of
l>Mh and telrph-jne; rent 17; call mornings.
UUVIFADERO, 1933. corner California— Neat
f iii.r.\ raiini, t4ngle or en suite; rent »-«sble.
EDDY, 473— Bright punny room; well furnished;
I rinMts: gas; runnlnir water: $12.
ELLIS. HS— I^arge sunn}- room; suitable for .
rrnUemen; everything new.
|
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to Ut. *
FILLMORE. .-45. cor. Bush— Large front cor.
room; furn. or unfurn; pun. pas. gra«.-. bath.
FOURTH. 222H— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and single itna; reasons quiet.
FURNISHED rooms from $1 a week up by a
tingle woman 17 Verona st.
GEARY. 405 CThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en nulte or single. Mlta. H. HYER.
GEARY. 774— Large sunny suite of rooms; aft.
; %-ate family; nicely furnlthed.
j GIRARD House. IS2 Seventh— funny furnished
r.-K«ns; day or week: reasonable.
I GOLDEN GATE. 435— Nicely furnlahed hall.
1 room and bath.
I GRAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Seventh
it . and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
s I tingle: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
H GRANT aye.. 217. opp. Samuels' lace bouse— En
I i euite or elngle; very reasonable.
j! HANCOCK House. 761 Mission— Select family
[ : \ rooming- bouse; f l M to |< per week.
ROOMS TO LET — I urn. and Unfarn.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nlshed; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 107S, near fie\enth— Sunny furnished
room In private house; $4 month.
MASON. 213*4— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable; quiet and homelike.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 604, near Sixth— Furnished rooms,
alrurle or en suite.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
S.'.c day up; S2 week op; transient.
NINTH. 20, 'nr. Market— Front bay-window,
suitable for 2; grate, gas: $10; single. $4.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 2CS and 224— Nicely furnished
sunny front room; also other rooms.
O'FARRELL. 504— Sunny BUlte; latest improve-,
mentii; gentlemen only; also single rooms.
O'FARRELL. 319— Nicely furnished front
rooms: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent rea-
sonable. j
PERRY. 34— Single furnished front room to let.
ROSKDALE. 821 Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo rooms;
;:<■ a night; tl a meek; tranelent.
ROYAL House, 1?6 Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
reading-room, snioklng-room and ladles par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 M; week. 12 to
|S; month, *S to 130: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SACRA MeV»TO, I"GS-S rooms; separate en-
trance; yard; sun; rent >8.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SITTER. 705— Office of late Dr. Robertson; also
othrr sunny, handsome rooms.
TENTH. 123, near Market— Small light room.
with running water; rent $3.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A Rood rooming house
for go-vl people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWELFTH. Two nice sunny rooms; pri-
vate family. ■ ..
TWO large rooms in rear of 713 Natoma St.,
bet. Elghtn and Ninth; rent IS.
TI'RK. 124— Nice large room; running water;
very cheap; $6 £0.
VERONA plare, 17. - near Third— Furnished
rooms from f 1 per week up. by tingle woman.
VAN NESS. SOS— La r . sunny bay-window
rooms, newly furnished: no children.
2. S. 4 NICELY furnl»hed room*; rent to suit
tenant. Apply 3426 Sixteenth st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk • '. . open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
IF you want to rent your rooms call at room
421 PParrott t bullying
STAULES TO LET.
RENT— Fine stable for 10 horses and wagons.
4H3 Seventh street. >ai
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. }1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<ir. Montcrtrery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. &520.
SEWING .MACHINES A.VU SUPPLIK*.
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, so \ exchanc«d. rented: re.
rnirlrc at lnwe«t rate*. ' 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
OffVe -■' Port St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
WATCH HI I' \ I MIX..
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry *-■« f>*>ttral Co.. TAD ICenrny.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I ELEGANT 9-room colonial homes adjacent
University at Cal.: Just completed; porcelain
bath; finished In natural wood; all modern
, conveniences; sunny frontage; terms If de-
*lred. M. L. XCURTS. 17th & Bway. Oakland.
TWO flats— lo rooms: modern- near station: t
minutes to University: price 42500: easy terms.
FREEPE A- QQDPIXGTON. Berk"ley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE.— Dividend No. 10 (He per
»hare) of the PAAUIIAU SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market street, on and
after Monday, Dtcen.ber 11, 1539. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. December 6, m 9,
at I o'clock i>. m.
E. It. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies— New
Montgomery St., in Francisco. Cal.. December
11. :-.>:•. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m. December
21. IVJ3. and then opened, for furnishing Hats.
Woolen Drawer*. Shoes, Petroleum, and Wrap-
pins Paper. Naphthaline. Hatchets and Hatchet
Helves. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (Includ-
"iK In the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon), and such preference given to articles
of American production «4..1 manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the
consumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right to
accept or reject any or all projiojals or any part
thereof. lYoposals for delivery at other i>olnts
will he entertained. Information and blank
proposals fumlsh«-d on application. Envelopes
will, be Indorsed "Proposals for Military Sup-
plies. No. 7V02." and addressed CAPTAIN OS-
CAR F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster, U. 8.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
BIDS wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the \'et. ran.-' Home of i"all-
fornia, at Its offlce. room 13, 320 Sansome st..
Fan Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. December 23. I&S3. and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary suppling for the Vet-
erans* Home. Napa County, cal (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
January 1. 1900, and ending June 30 l»00
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting l.lds will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidden will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
u les, and no bid will be considered unless It
Is In accordance with such schedules Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon me well-known and re-
sponsible banking house fnr at least 10 per
ce.nt of The amount of his bid. payable to C
Mason Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a Rood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceritance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all »,|.ls and to order nny quan-
tity over or under the amount specified
Addrrss J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st San Fran-
cisco. Ce.l. By order of the Board of nirec-
tnm.- J. .T. SOOVII.I.K. F.-?retary
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS^
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. Ftate of California.— the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company a
corporation, upon its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70 422.
Notice Is hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing Its offlce and place of business In the city
and county of San Franc! State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
. county of San Francisco, State of California
. which application is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of snld corporation, and
that Friday. December 22d. IS9O. at 10 o'clock
a. m.. at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
the City and County of Fan Francisco, have
been hi pointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of Raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 2«th day of November. ISW.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RFORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November M, ISM. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN,
Deputy Clerk.
HhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flnnnagan & GalK?h«?>.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
ZO Fifth at., opposite L nooln acbodl.
Telephone Sou Ji SO. _•
mc/\\/ov «fc co.. ■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St., between Sth and 9th. i
FVNEKAL DlHK'T'>ItS A: KMMALMERS. I
l^ij M;irk>t between tth and >th. I
Telephone -lt'i 247. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 11. 1899.
BIETHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOBJL
LEONARD— In this city. December 8. 1899, to
the wife of John P. Leonard, a KM.
KI.NNY— In this city. December 9. 1899, to the
Aife of Joseph Kenny, a dau«ht- r
DIED.
Ah Hung McAvoy. Mildred E.
Ah Sun McCarthy. Ann
tlliott. Rev. Wm. Nash. Susan G.
l\*litz. Claus C. W. Noon. Patrick
Garcia, Louis Pfeifter. John W.
Grimes. Annie lienney, William
Gavin. Irtne Talty. Peter
Hathaway. Dr. E. V. Taureck, Arthur
Huydock. Jane Tyler. Jennie
•J. Joseph Van Duzcr. Oliver
Howe, Camilla C. Waterford. Rufus
Huns-rford. Mabel Wells. Kuth A.
Laymance. Klljah M. Wlllan. Harry
AH HUNG— In this city. Deomber 9. 1599. Ah
»vn K . a native of China, ageii 4>i years.
AH SUN— In this city. December 10, 1&99. Ah
•^un, v native of China, aged « years.
ELLH>TT— In this city, December 10. 1899. Rev.
William Elliott. Haptist minleter of lowa,
: of B. N. Elliott and father
Of Joele Kallenberger, Mrs. T. A. Close and
Ma R. W. C. and C. W. EUoitt, a native of
« 'hio, agsd 80 years.
FIELITZ-In this city. December 9, 1899.
Claus Carl \Tllhelm. beloved husband of Mary
Kielitx. and cousin of Peter F. Kohnke and
Mrs. Margaretha Koch, a native of Hamburg,
< lermany, aged 68 years. A member of Yerba
Huenn Lodge No. 16, I. O. O. F.. and Wlldey
Encampment No. Ti. 1. O. O. T.
C~7Kriends and acquaintances are respei-t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
lay), ul 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows"
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where funeral services will be held, under the
ausplcea of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O.
< '. X Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
UARi'IA In the City and County Hospital.
December 10, isi«», Louis Garcia, a native of
. aged IT years.
GRIMES— In this city, December 8, 1899. Annie,
wife of the late Thomas Grimes and mother
Of Mrs. Annie Abbott. Mrs. Josie Thulander.
'Ella Putnam and Thomas and Johnny
Crimes, a native of County Kildare. Ireland,
aged 46 yean*.
CDT'Fnenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■Jay), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of J.
<"onnor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GAVIN— In this city. December 10, 1899. Irene,
■iiarly beloved daughter of Michael and Mary
Qavln and sister of Mary. Annie, Frank and
1. .r.-tta (Javln. a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years j months and 1 day.
■CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, fn.m the parents'
i.<-e, :<IT Clay strvet. near Webster. In-
ent Holy Cross Cemetery.
HATHAWAY- In Berkeley, at his home. 2417
charming way, December 10. 18S5. Dr. E. V.
Hathaway, beloved husband of Katharine
Ann Hathaway nnd father of Mrs. Howard
Ptillmafl and Harry R. and Mary Page Hath-
away, a native of Freetown. Mass., aged 81
years an.l 11 months.
t7Nottot of funeral hereafter.
BATDOCK-fB this city. December 9, 1899.
Jane, dmrly beloved wife of Thomas M. Hay-
dock, a native of County Down, Ireland, aged
17 years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the chapel of
the Craig A Cochran Company. 52 and 66 Mint
a\«>nue Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOLLAND— Ia this city, December 10. 1899.
J .'»•;. h, beloved husband of Mary A. Holland
and father of Mullle. Sallie. Edmond, Uer-
trude, Frank anil nojrd Holland, a native of
Cork. Ireland, aged TO ■ •
CCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, d Halght street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
rated for the repose of his coul, com-
.• at ;..3O o'clock. Interment private.
HOWE— la this city, December 10. is? 9. Ca-
milla C. wife of W. F. Howe and mother of
.in I> . Hubert IV and Walter <\ H >we,
and daughter of the late R. B. Dikeman of
-.'\n. N V . a native f>f Brooklyn, N V ,
.months and 23 days. iHnx-k-
lyn and New York papers please copy.)
£7 Friends and axr«(ualntan'-es are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Ul« Fifteenth street. Interment pri-
vate.
IU NiIKRFORD— In St. Paul. Minn., December
-. Mat.-!, wife of Becber M. Hungerford.
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Davis of
Ml . :-.:■ Fulls. Me.
LAYMANCE- la (-►akland. December 9. 1899.
. M. batovad husband of Adeline D.
Larmaoca, and father of M. J.. \v. J.. J. \v.
and Efnest K. iAymance and Mary C. Robin-
a native of Tennessee, aged <&> years.
(Atlanta and Chattanooga papers please
C rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
lay), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 229 Twelfth street, corner of Alice,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
McAVOT— In this city. December 9. U99, Mil-
dred E.. beloved daughter of Edward A. and
Man' E Mi-Av.y. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years and S months.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Moadajr), at ll o'clock, from the residence' of
the parents, 1065 Broadway. Interment Holy
- Ometery.
MCCARTHY -In this city. December 10, 1599. at
her kite residence. 8 Minna street, Ann, be-
loved wife of William McCarthy, a native of
Band. in. County Cork. Ireland, aged 72 years.
ITj^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the j. arlors of
the ; '.•■rtakers. 777 Mission street,.
thence t.. St. Patricks Church for services.
toffliiMiM ln| at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary t'emi-tery.
NA.-Ii In Barkalay, December 10. 1899. Mrs.
Jjus«n «}. Nash, a native of Plymouth, Mass.,
71 y.\ir>. a
C rFWeada and acquaintances are respect-
fulyl invite-! to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at th» home
■ Btaoo, Mr* B C. Marilave. I'ij37 Lin-
coln street, Pttkafay. Interment Muuntaln
View 'Vmetery.
In this city, December 8. 189?, Patrick.
Bel \-<i husband of Margaret N'or-n, and
father of Margaret, Mary, Julia and Agnes
Mrs. C. J. O'fonnell. Mrs. C. R. Short
nnd Mrs. W. H. Fogarty. a native of Ire-
land, uged 69 years. (Newark, N. J., papers
plfsja oonr.)
C - Th" funeral will take place to-morrow
lay), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. J.'.!* Haight street, thence to Sacred
H-art f*hurch. where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
s. ul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
■
ITKIKI'KI'. In this city, December 10, 1899
John William Pfelffer. a native of (iermany,
aged SO years 9 months anil 13 days.
KKXN'F.Y- In this city. December 10. 1899
William Renney. a native of Massachusetts.
;iK-e<l 7S yearn S months and U years.
TALTY- In <">akland, December 8, IS&9, Peter
beloved huslwnil of the late Mary Talty nnd
father of Joseph Tally, a native of Irvland
aged W) years.
TAURBCK- In this city, Ix-ccmr*r 10, 1899
Arthur, beloved son at John and Hannah
Tnure.-k ari.l r.r..th.-r of the late sMwin Tau-
re. k. and grandson of the late Patrick an.!
Ellen Paiatond. a native of Baa Francisco
HRed 7 months and 15 days.
TYLKR— fa this city. November 9. IS&9 Jen-
nie Tyler, dearly beloved wife of N. A Tyler
and beloved mother of H C , E. n. ami H W
Tyler and Mrs Louis Knight, a native of
New York, aged 77 years 3 months mil M
dnys.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 Mo n. lay), at 11 O'clock, fmm the parlors of
the Gantner & Ountz Undertaking Company
y and in <~|ty Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by i-arrlage.
VAN DUZBR— IB this city, December 9 1<!99
ullver. beloved hunt.and of Kllen O. Van ixi-
atr, a native of St.it. n Island. N. V.. aged 67
years 9 months and Ni day*. iNew York City
D Island and Portland, Or., papers please
t> Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services at 2 o'clock to-mor-
ri-w (TUeadajr), from the Masonic Temple
c. rner of I'nst and Montgomery streets un-
der the auspices of CloMen Gate L.vlge M ,
#', F. ami A. M. Remains at the parlors of
N. Gray * Co, Ml Sacramento stri-.t
WATF.RFoKD— In this city. December 9 IV>9
Itufus Waterford. a native of Canada ' «»«d
41 yenrs. ' "• c "
■WKM.S-In Satlooy. Ventura County Cal De
camber 10. UN, R Ut h a., beloved wife of
! T r W .T. 1 1" a" d dau * ht " r "' J^hn Nlcholl
..f Kant f^nkland. a native of California
WILLAN-In this city. December i, 1*99
Harry, beloved husband of May Wlllan a na
tlve of Manchester. England, aged « vwr.
anl S months. A member of Mariian^!
Tribe No. 4. Improved Order of Red M "n
CTFriends and acquaintance* are resnert
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the parloT. of
Valente. Marlnt & <\>., W Btockt >n street
be held under the auspice* o f Manzanlta
Tribe No. 4. Improved Order of Red Men.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
Exquisite Christmas Display
. Comb and 'Roll Tray, Cake and Otrot
Tray, Rich Cut GUssfoare, Cameo Ware,
COME JUST TO LOOK
Great American Importing Tea Co*
IN AWARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE.,
' Bet. Sutter and Post Sts.
861 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
FATHER GRANT
DEFENDED HIS
ABSENT FRIEND
Openly Criticized the
Monitor.
CONGREGATION IS SURPRISED
Rev. Father James A. Grant, assistant
pastor of St. Peter's Church, which Is
now presided over by Rev. Father Yorke,
has taken umbrage at an editorial which
appeared in the last issue of the Monitor.
It was entitled "A New Head for the
Church?" and reflected on his friend, Rev.
Father \V. D. McKinnon, chaplain in th«
United States army. Father Grant took
occasion to make a statement to his con
gregation before delivering his sermon at
the 10:30 o'clock mass yesterday, declar
ing in unmistakable terms that the edi
torial was such that it called for an em
phatic repudiation. His re-marks created
a mild sensation among the parishioners.
In explanation of his action In criticiz
ing the- tdltor of the leading Catholic
organ of thlß city. Father Grant informed
his auditors that some time ago the
jirh sts of the archdiocese were asked to
engago the people to subscribe to the
Monitor, and. In doing so, engaged them
selves to a certain extent to accept opin
ions expressed therein. He took It that
the priests might therefore be supposed
to indorse what had been said editorially
concerning Father McKinnon. Father
Grant then stated that the editorial which
appeared In last Saturday's issue was
particularly offensive to the friends of
the absent army chaplain. He said
further that, although Father McKJn
non's name was not mentioned, the edi
torial was a comment on a dispatch
printed lately In the San Fraiicvlsco
papers, purporting to have come from the
chaplain and addressed to the Archbishop
of Manila. He then read the alleged dis
patch and part of the editorial accom
panying It:
About the middle of last month the fol
lowing cable message was received at Ma
nila and published In the local newspapers
there:
"We leave In a few days. His Holiness
appointing me as coadjutor under you. Im
pressions are false. My letters will precede
me and come direct fn.m Rome to you.
Archbishop Ireland Indorsed the same.
President McKinley knows of the present
steps being now taken by the hierarchy of
the church."
The message was read by the direction of
the Archbishop of Manila, to whom It was
directed In the form of an encyclical, and
the Archbishop announced that be Intended
to remain In his place In Manila, unless
silenced. He expressed a longing for an
ending of the n-belllon.
Father Grant continued, statin?, that
the editor of the Monitor made a protest
against State interference in the appoint
ment of Catholic prelates. Aa the dis
patch, he i-aid, was supposed to have
come from Father McKlnnon. It lo>Toa
upon the reafler the Impression that
Praaident McKinley had interfered in tho
supposed appointment of the popular
pijirltual adviser of the California Volun
teers as coadjutor of Manila.
"Aa there is no possible reason to sup
pose the dispatch is true," said Father
• Irant, "and as there never was a ques
tion of Father McKlnnon being appoint
ed coadjutor to the Archbishop of Manila,
and as the article leaves upon the reader
the impression that Father McKlnnon
consented to State Interference In this
supposed appointment, I think a great In
justice has been done him."
In concluding his remarks Father Grant
said that, as an old friend of the absent
priest, he wished to mate that this opin
ion expressed in the Monitor was such as
called for an emphatic repudiation. Hav
ing delivered himself of the foregoing re
marks, the ppeaker proceeded to preach
on the gosptl of tho day.
REV. DR. WOODS PRAYS THAT
POLYGAMY WILL BE REMOVED
In a prelude to his regular sermon Rev.
E. A. Woods of the First Baptist Church
last night dwelt on "Bigamist Roberts and
Congress. " lie said:
Salt Lake City was founded by the Mor
mons In 1848. Polygamy was prohibited In
Utah by an act of Congress called the Ed
munds bli In I*B2. By a constitutional con
vention in Utah polygamy was prohibited in
UST. Utah was admitted as a State in IW6.
with a euk-mn agreement that polygamy
wa6 and forever should remain unlawiul
It Is in evlde'.n.- th;it Mr. Robatta, who
now asks to be admitted to Congress,
pleaded guilty to the charge of polygamy In
nd wan Imprisoned lor a period of four'
months. It Is also In evidence that Rob
erts, in violation of the law of Utah and
of the United States, has continued to live
with three wives up to the present time and
ha» a number of children born by such
union.
Mr. Roberts' claim Is that he has been
regularly elected to Congress and therefore
hu-H a right to hlg seat, and ttiat any action
t.y 1 ungress can only be by expulsion and
not be by refusing him admittance; also
that the proclamation of President Harrison
cranted pardon to those who had broken
thl.« law. The plea, is also made that he Is
morally bound not to turn adrift his wives
and children. It Is said In reply that Con
gress must decide whether the legal method
of dealing with his case tihall be by action
to prevent his taking his seat or by expul
sion afterward. As to the pardon by the
1 l^nt the fact that he has continued
his lift of polygamy forbids his claim. He
ou»!»t. of course, care for hU wives and
children, but he can do this without a con
tinued Violation of the law of the land.
Let all good people bopa and i<ray that
the curse of polygamy, which ha» disgraced
our nation for a half-century, be entirely
removi.-J.
REV. DR. BEYIER GLORIES IN
BIGAMIST ROBERTS' DOWNFALL
Row Herbert N. I<< vi.r, pastor of Me
morial Presbyterian Church, lv his sermon
y» st<rday on the text, "I^pt God arise;
let his 1 1.. mies be scattered, ' alluded to
-h.Tts case. He said In part:
"This text has had notal.l ■ vimlicat'cn
in the course of recent events. God ins
grandly arisen in hit* mlgi.r. The pubic
conaciencc has UMtted Its divine rro
roffallve and the menaced American hume
Is sivi'il. COUW anything be more rnag
niflcently eloquent than thf.se seven
rolls of petitions with their 700.000 names?
Was It not like bringing the law Into the
■ynagOKUa aid appealing unto the testi
mony? It was the state, the divine intti
tutinn of government rlsl g to the pro
tection of the home, which is Its divine
unit. Once again we have abundant evi
dence that <>n vital mural questions th©
heart of the nation is right.
"From 1 his hour, then, let polygamists
beware; from this hour let all moral
plagfM npots clean up. Are we not on the
threshold of a new revival of vtrtuo?
Surely Moses and Sln.il and the religion
of Christ, who came not to destroy but
to fulfill the law, are still the II Ing spir
itual forces of the nation. All this is but
another indication that—
•• 'God is on the throne;
All's right with the world.' "
DR. NELANDER DISCUSSES THE
MISSION OF THE FAIR SEX
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church last night addressed his
congregation on "The Mission of Woman
Under the Gcspel." In part he said:
It Is frequently said by way of criticism
that the majority of members of the Chris
tian church are women. It Is true that two
thirds <f church membership Is of the
gentler sex. It Is also true that seven
eighths Of the Inmates of our prisons and
penitentiaries are men. It Is not easy to
see how any fair deduction from those two
premises can place any discredit upon the
church for her preponderance of female
mt-mbt-rfhlp. It would seem, on the con
trary, to speak well for her purity of char
acter. Nowhere can fry produced such f.-
niMle portiiiits as adorn the pages of the
Bible.
Jesus Christ opened a new and brilliant
career to the female race. The birthright
of women under the gospel does not con
sist in vague and distant adoration, nor in
extravagant and romantic Kallantry. but it
ambraoM the intelligent compaoloaablp of
man and Intrusts her with every blessed
agency of usefulness. The obligations of
gratitude alone shuuld bind every woman
to Jesus Christ In a willing and faithful
devotion.
Selling depot for Waterman fountain
and other gold pens. Sanborn.Vall & Co.*
PLUNGING HORSE
IMPERILS LIVES
OF THREE PEOPLE
Accident in Golden
Gate Park.
WILLIAM MATHEWS HJURED
An accident in which Miss Morie. who
resides at 239 Powell street, and Mr. and
Mrs. William Mathews of 257 Twelfth
avenue, narrowly escaped serious if not
fatal injury, occurred shortly after 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon in Golden
Gate Park, near the Cyclers' Rest.
Miss Morie wai mounted on a spirited
horse. When near the Rest the animal
took fright and plunged across the road,
colliding with terrible force with a horse
driven by Mr. Mathews. Mr. Mathews 1
animal was almutt thrown from its feet
end in whf-eling to save itself fell, upset
ting the huggv and hurling Mr. and Mrs.
Matlu-ws headlong to the ground.
The Mathiws" horse then took fright,
and, drugging the upturned buggy, dashed
into the cycle path. After :i run of about
a hundred yards the horse became entan
fled in a wire turf protector and fell,
'wo cyclers, one a Mr. Hanque, held
down the animal until the police relieved
them.
Mrs. Mathews. after being thrown from
the buggy, immediately Jumped up, hav
ing fortunately escaped uninjured, and as
sisted Borne friends to place in a buggy
her husband, who was suffering from
concussion and a laceration of the scalp.
Mat hews was removed to his home, and
although painfully is not seriously in
jured. Miss Morie got her horse under
control and continued unassisted to her
home.
Lewis Michelson, who said he resided at
209 Post street, and Harry Wilson of 49
Stockton street attempted to run the park
v.st«rday afternoon and fell into the
hands of the police. The two young men
were out driving, and when their horse
developed too much speed Mounted Officer
Manuel de la Guerra rounded them up.
Michelson got angry and threatened to
kill the officer if he touched the horse.
Wilson contented himself by cursing De
la Guerra. The officer, however, took them
to the station, where they remained un
til Michelson deposited $40 and Wilson $20
bail.
Later In the day Lewis Michelson's
brother. Bill Michelson. went to the sta
tion and started to roast the police. On
the order of Captain Thompson he was
thrown out without ceremony.
During the afternoon a party of four
driving in a rockaway had one of their
trart-s broken by a fractious horse. The
damage was repaired by I'.iptain Thomp
son and the party drove on.
A man whose name could not be ascer
tained received a fracture of the Jaw
while wielding a baseball bat. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Yesterday was feature day at the
Chinos. Major Mite, in hts laughable imi
tation of Cornille singing coon songs, and
Frank Hall, in his daring act with Wal
lace, the big lion, were the attractions in
the theater. Miss Ella Burt coasted the
chutes on a bicycle and took away the
breath of the crowd. The high divers add
ed to the excitement, and to finish the day
of pleasure Emil Markebeurg made a bal
loon ascension and parachute drop. The
aeronaut went up about .V«1O feet before
cutting lnofe in hts parachute and landed
without injury in the panhandle of the
park.
The result of the aquatic contests at
Sutro Maths follow: Ono hundred yard
dash 'Juvenile!— H. Lelcken first. EL Free
man second: 100-yard dash (amateur)— C.
Wallnce first. H. Lolcken second; 100-yard
dash (free for all)— H. McCorralck first. H.
h're.-man Mcond: hlfh diving for boys— F.
N'tal tlrst prize. H. Freeman MCond prize;
trick am. fancy springboard diving— H.
Fr.-.-se first prize. H. Lerd seend prize;
under-wi er swimming contest— J. L.
Jackson first. F. Rllry second.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
O W Trahem. Stockton Cy Mulkey.ff Nap*
E Gammon, Courtland B M I.elonjr. Sacto
.1 Livingston. Pinole Qeo Phillips. Sacto
\Vm Sims, Sacratnento T.J Kirk, Sacto
W McDonald, Vallejo A H Mow'at. Si V
Ii C Nichols. Stanford .a c M.iulson. Polll«
W l,a\vson. Alvarado H Power, Auburn
C B Overacker. Nile* Mrs T Daly, Denver
H G Young, 8 Diego H Andrews. Red Bluff
II L Baker. Oakland A A Pena. S Crux
T J Wicks, I' 8 A A Bordus. Kansas
II Day. 3 Jose - J W Brawley. Kam
J Craig, Woodland J F Arnerleh. Napa
T Oatts. Palo Alto C B Grimes. Chicago
W H Splller. N T W H Murphy. P Alto
M Leßoy&w, L Anf E M Parr. Pinole.
H Isaacs. L An* B Hartman. Merced
I* Walsh. Topeka A Ronendale, PacGrove
F C Parker Chicago Mrs C Hansen. Salinas
II SomtncrcampAw.Ma Miss M Hanson. Salinas
T C H*»aly. Alaska Mrs A Avalvl.W'atsonv
Fred Gasch, Alaska Don Palmer, S Jose
W C Pedlar. Alaska W B Maud. Fresno
3 W Bowen. L An* A O White. Stockton
J A GaJlagher. NT I A Emallfleld&w. Stcktn
(1 Brandt, Cincinnati C Bryant, Diamond Sp
J McComa*. Cincinnati F Wllklns, Colusa
F W Walz. Cleveland W Tlllouon. Redding
F Spauldlng. Woodland F Swasey&w, Redding
J R Weeks. L Ang J M Nye. Athena
C Robertson, Pacto Dr J Barr. Mar>*s%llle
G X Wllholt. Stockton W 8 Johnson, Marysv
C A Jone«. Portland <! Harne\&w. Marysv
M Macougny, Cal Miss A Tombs, Marysv
E Ecott. Portervllle E Krellenbenr W.llan.l
G AKnew, Ilolllster J Browning, Grand Is
0 Btoer&w, S Crux A A Hyatt, Vacavllle
PALACE HOTEL.
P B King. N I P^nora Novana. P I
B F Crowell. Stanford Mrs L O Schoonmack-
J B Pratt, Omaha er, N .1
Oscar Stelner. NY DO Perry Jr. Utah
\V ■ Stone. N V Thou Vigil*. Loa Ang
Misses Stone. NY R V Ellis. Coallnxa
Miss A Str.no. NY It A Cantleld. Coalnica
F Lublo. Manila C 8 Robinson. Manila
Henora Lublo. Manila \V P Sullivan. St Lou
Senora Peterson. PI II V Clark. St Louis
Q Cavet. Manila L Gerllnger. Stanford
Benora Cavet. Manila J C Kemp Van Ee.
i; Ballskes. Manila Hodson
1 Lublo, Manila Robt Elliott. N V
J Restßu Manila Mrs Elliott. N T
O D Jesus. Manila II F Bretherton. N T
A Villaf'ilra. Manila F B Dorsey. N V
Penor Maximo. Manila Win Kerkhoff. La Ang
V Cabrlnafl, Manila , Mrs Kerkhoft Ls Ang
Penor Bonlto. Manila w P Postln, Chicago
Fenor Pedro. Manila I Mrs Fostln, Chicago
Penor Wasola, Manila A C Humphreys. N V
Beoor Severo. Manila H Humphreys. N V
M Novana. Manila '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J B Thomas. Victoria J R Schuster. N T
J W Turner. San Jose A Clark. Chicago
Dr C H Ball. Healdsbg E J Wheelock. Va
J J Hunter & fm, Colo J Mannix. Benlcla
I- Lyman. Pacto R Maxwell. Michigan
C Carlson. Vallejo J Silver. Picons
A W Bowman, Los An J C Leftwlch, Ala
I! Hendrlcks. Vallejo J W Gentry. Vallejo
A Triguelro, Benlcla II Ko«ter. San Diego
.t Malloy, Marysvllle Mm M J Carr. Petalu
A Moran. Uklah ... • 
Weather Report.
fllft Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 10. 1899-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last 24 This ' Last
Stations— hours. season, season.
Kurcka 0.42 22.92 8.21
Red Bluff 0.04 7.4« 2.12
Sacramento XT * 7&2 181
Sun Francisco Trace 7.95 2.38
Fresno 0.00 3.88 1.49
Independence 0.00 0.90 0.61
Pan Luis Oblspo 0.00 6.M 0.71
Loa Angeles 0.00 2.49 0.19
San Diego 0.00 1.25 0.9«
Yuma 0.00 O.M 0.70
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
16 degrees: minimum. 46: mean. '1.
WEATHER • CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather
prevails over the Pacific slope. Light rain,
with snow In the mountains, has fallen from
Central California and Northern Nevada north
ward to the r.rltlsh line.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the north
ern portion of the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. '•■.'. •
1 he temperature has remained nearly station
ary in all districts.
A wind of 36 miles per hour from the west Is
rei*>rted from Fort Canby.
Conditions are favorable for showers over the
northern portion of California Monday and gen
t-n>llyt-n>lly cloudy weather over the southern portion.
It' will be somewhat warmer In the valleys.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hours i-n.lln« midnight. Deceml-.e- 11: t .
For Northern California— Monday,
with showers over the northern portion; warmer
In the Interior; light southerly winds.
For Southern California— Partly cloudy Mon
day light west winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy, with rain or snow in the
northern portion; warmer except In the extreme
western portion.
For Utah— Cloudy Monday; warmer.
For Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Mon
day, probably with occasional showers; light
south winds. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Oast and Geodetic Survey—
Tlmea and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and Jow waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the mim at both places.
MONDAY. DEIF.MBEK 11.
Sun rises T U
Sun B»*t8 4:01
Moon sets (, 1:14 a. in.
D Time; Time Time Vi::.-
2. Ft. Ft. Ft n.
• h w ;l w Jh w| lw(
Ll ... 1:11 (.0 1:09 0.7 7:261 4.1
LWHWL, W H W
12 ... 0.19-1.7 7:15 «.2 2:05 0.1 8:40-4.2
LJ ... 1.26 I.! 7:M «.4 2 &9 -O.S ».4«| 4.1
14 ... 217 2.5 8:18 -«.« 1:60-0.9 V):U 41
15... 3:05! IT '.. :; «.« 435-1.1 11:M| 4.«
16 ...
M W U \V II U L \\
17 ...[ 0:22' — 1.71 441 | ■
NOTE— In the above ezpoaltlon of the tldea
the early morning tldea are given In the left
band column and the auccesalv* tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column glvea the aecond tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the laat or right hand column glvea tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tldea. aa aometlmes occurs. The helghta
clven are In addition to the aoundlngs on the
United Statea Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus alsn (— ) precedes the height,
ftnd then the number Riven is subtracted fr m
the depth given hy the charts. The plane of
reference Is th* mean of the lower Ivw waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
□ I»IUQr, r I UUi. I UUS,
_____
Stats of Ca1.... Portland Dec. 11
Empire Coos Bay Dm. 11
Homer Coos Bay Dec. 11
Arcata Coo« Bay Dec. 11
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Dec. 11
Orizaba Vancouver Dae. 11
Ban Jose Panama Dec. 11
Albion Ttllamook Dec. 11
Aloha Tlllarnook Dec. 11
America Maru.. China and Japan Dec. 12
Bonlta Newport Dec. 13
Progreso Taroma Dec. 11
Tetlus Departure Bay Dec. 1*
Queen Victoria & Pucet Sound Dec. 13
Q. W. Elder.... Portland Dec. 13
Miami Seattle Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tan.— la Dec. 13
Pomona Humholdt Dec. 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 14
Robt. Ado— Nanalmo Dec. 14
E. Thompson... Departure Bay [Dae. 14
Alliance Oregon Ports Dec. 14
Point Arena.... Point Arena Dec. 14
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 15
Newburj Grays Harbor Deo. IS
Samoa Humtoldt Dec. 15
Marlposa Sydney Dec. 15
Thyra China and Japan Dec. 15
Newsboy Grays Harbor Dec. 15
Crescent City... Crescent City Dec. 15
Columbia Portland Dec. U
Coos Bay Newport Dec. is
Aberdeen Portland Dec. 17
Walla Walla. ..lVlctorla A Puiret Round Dec. 13
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
L'matllla .. Vie & P*t Sd. Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 11
Mlilon Tlllamook Dec. 12. 3 pm Pier 2
Errata Cooa Hay Dec. I*. 10 am Pier 13
:lom<"r Oregon Port*. Dec. 12. Warn Pier 20
Coptic China* Japan' Dec. 13. 1 i>m.I'MSH
Australia Honolulu Dec. 13. 2pm Pier 7
Mate of Cal Portland Dec. 14. 10 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Dec. 14. 9 am Pier 11
'OBta Rica. On. America. Dec. 14 PMS3
; a«ttt Rosa. San Diego DM. 16, 11 am Pier 11
?t Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 16, 2pm Pier 2
jueen Vie * F'Kt M. Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 9
s'ewburfj .. Gray* Harbor Dec. is
san Jose.... Panama Dec. 18, 12 m PMSS
Columbia ..Portland Dec. 19. 10 am 1 Pier 24
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
SUNDAY. December 10.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60U hours from San
Diego, etc.
0 8 atmr City of Para. Zeeder. 27 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki l&H days.
Stmr Matteawah, Crescup. 110 hour* from Ta
coma.
i; ■ stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, SO days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 21 day*.
Ship Columbia. Nelson. 12 days from Tacoma.
Bchr Zampa, Peterson, 7 days from Orays
Harbor.
Schr Maty C, Madsen, 9 hours from Port
Rom,
P. hr Manila, Peterson, 9 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, 17 days from
New Whatcom.
BAILED.
HI-SPAT, December 10.
Stmr Point Arena, Haniwn. Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka
Ptmr Porv* Bay. Olelow, San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork, Ba»h, Evireka.
Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson, Coqullle
Ftmr Alex Duncan. Nonander. .
Ship Brnjamln F. Packard. Allen. New York.
Fr bark Cambronne. I* Oiff. gu»»nstnwn.
Bark f C Allen. Johnnon. Honolulu.
Pchr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Bowenn Landing.
S.-hr Mary EttA. An.lprnon. Whirrs Point.
Bchr Bio Hey, Talmen. Tlllam -k
Bchr Ralph J. Long. T»tgk<>!t. Sluslaw Hlver.
Bohr Corinthian. Korth. Bowens landing.
Bchr J Epplnger. '"oijitrup. Bowens Landing.
Bchr Ocean Spray. Un'ti, Iversens Lamllnß.
TELEORAPHIC.
Point LOBOS. I>^c. l". 10 p. ra.— Weather
cloudy; wind 8. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ALBlON— Arrived Dec 10-Stmr Tlllamook.
hence D«c I.
Sailed Dec 10— Ptmr Scotia, for Ban Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 10— Schr Bar
bara Hernater. hence Dec 8.
Sailed Dec 10— Htmr Noyo, for San Francisco.
' SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr WlllaznetU.
hence Deo 8.
Sailed Dec Stmr Miami, for San Fran
cisco.
NEWPORT- Arrived Deo Bchr Excelsior,
from Port B!ak<-l*y.
GRAYS HA Arrived Dec 9— Stmr
Newsboy, hence Dec 5: schr North Bend, hence
N..v 23.
PORT TOWXSKND— Arrived Dec 10— Br bark
Kate F Troop, from Vancouver, for Wilming
ton. Del.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec l<V-Stmr South Port
land, for San Francisco; stmr Brunswick, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 10-Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Nanalmo.
SAN DlEOO— Arrived Deo I<^-Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
Palled Dec 10 -llr stmr Belgian King, for
Hongkong.
PORT AMBLE— Balled Dec 10-Bchr Ida
Bchnnuer. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec Stmr Fulton,
hence Dec 7: *tmr Aberdeen, hence "th.
rXTAN STKAMERS
NEW YORK-Arrlved Dpc 10— Stmr Mesabe,
from Tendon.
QUEEMBTOWK. Dec in— Sailed Dec 10—
Stmr Etnirla, from Liverpool, for New York;
utmr I'ltonln. from TJverp'>ol. for Boston.
BAILKOAD TRAVBu
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
SS q nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with th« highest class accommodation*.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
XOICDAY. WEDNESDAY. fBIDAT. "ATTODAT.
Arriving In r *htcago at 1:11 p. m
ntIDAY, StmOAY. TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
T'pholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
for Denver. Kanfas City. Chicago and the East
6:9* p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford, VUalia,
Tutare and Bakernfleld, famishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office. 63S Market St., telephone
Oakland offlce. lilt Broadway.
Sacramento offlce. JOl J «r.-et.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street
MOUNT TAMALPAIS HlNk' RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via BausalUo •'crrr.
Week Day»-^:JO a, m. ai 1 \.<i p. m.
Sundays— 4.oo, 10:00 a. m. and l:i» p. m
Bteeuß-neated. closed ca on ai; iraina.
Fare— tot n Ft loclsco to bummit and Keiura,
AUCTION SALES
THIRD ANNUAL SALE
ftfc op fej
if) THOROUGHBRED
4U YEARLINGS
(Without Reserve) From the * . .
NAPA STOCK FARM,
A. B. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Consisting of th- finest king and beat bred
sons and daughters of Eoto, I'rlshton. «s»n.
Miles. Idallum. IMryear D an i The Judge, out
of the dama of Bamboolla. Canace. Zi«k*.
Champion Rose. Watoaaa. Pldalla. Aluminum.
Catulu- Devcreux. Tomplno, M ana, Sevens.
Grotto, A lei Ztnfandrl, Little T O. Tube-
rose. Oakw.' etc. The grandest bred race
mares In California are represented In- this,
the largest sale of yearlings ever h>ld on th<*
Pacific Coast. All are thoroughly broken but
positively untried.
SALE TAKES PLACE
THURSDAY EVENING DECEMBER Hth
. 1 At 7:45. in Pavilion. Electric Light.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE LXCHANGE
Ttl HOWARD ST.. near Third.
I Horses at Exchange Monday. Catalogue*
ready. WM. O. LAYNO. Proprietor.
' F. W. COVEY will, officiate as auctioneer.
Beats reserved.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
-t_r-t_ -i_i~ i_- - -1 1- _ 1. I—l -*_,- — 1_ -i_ -11 1-1 -ii_ _ -1 -1- -1- 1 « ~i i-*~w~~
■•I'THKRN miiric-canrANY.
(pa. 11 11; svirrKM.)
Train* i«-i«%«- •*■•! arr .Inn I<» nrrlf* sit
NAM til •*<!«« O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
Him - From Xottxbu 13, 1839 — *«m»«
•7:OO» Braids Bulxnn and Sacramento.... '* «•»/
EI V Vica»ll>'an.lßom»ry.... *7 rl 3 r
•7iOOa Shut* Wnmm i ■■■'«. Wniows.
Red lilutt Portland ... •7^••r
*7i3o a Martinez. •'< »nIJaN.. n. V'ailejo, >'apa.
. -tofaaaUtMßta Roam *ail3r
•»:»•» Th • Uin. iri'l LJ-nlted-Osdea. Dea-
let. 0u..»1-4 CLlcaj> *3:13r
••■:io» San J am I ltrimora. Hloektnn.
Ion«. Haeramrutu. PlacrnUla.
lUrjulllp. t.hlco. UxUtiutT ••■l^r
•••inOA •Mllton.OaJEdAlaand . •»!■.,
•»:<>«»» Ihrniiii. Ntlraard Way htatlnca. •• •» ••"**
••>■•«» AtU r.Tprcsa— Og'lcn and K4at •».»»*
•»!••» Martlurs, Trtcy. I^atLrop. btodituo.
Mr..:. . *!2il3r
•Hiooa Port Costa. I'resuo. Mejav* a-.. 1..*
AiiKClr*. •«l!3r
•lOiOOa Vallr]a. M.uMnn ard WayNtatloua '4.M»
•1 1 :OO Uayw&rda. Nil. • aod Way Station*. *"•*« ••! r
•l»:o«jt Ml. a. Utrrriore. Stockton, Hacra-
meoto. M. ii.lot*, lUi.foiO. Viaaiia,
Pcrtcnllle •IjlSp
tltOOp Si:rar.ir-.:to I 'i.. r .Stemnrra ♦*:«>4>e
•3tOOr UayworOa. NUeaaad irfcUtlcci. *3i«3p
•4iuu r Martin.-'. '•,;.. VatkK
N»| • Oalhtnfa. :ui.t,i Ucaa •••!■*
*4itMir n*nicl.t. V*cu»i: •■. Karv2uisnt(\
Woo. II in : KnlctiU 1-aiMttiig,
M*fiatlll\ OroTiil* . •l«:l»a
•4i3UrNlle«.HanJr«aaiidKtnrkton *?siar
•3iti«rTb« Owl Limited— Tracy, Freao«
lUkcnSeld. Haiigua for Hianta liar-
baxa. 1,. a Aug. In •*:«»»
1 •AiSOr Stockton, Mrree<l, rr-«no •imiar
•3i3Or rrraiio. Mak«nlieM. Haul a tturlmra,
Los Ancelca, l»-r.lrs. >i »«O,
Newlul *■>« and Caat. •••••I*
•aiUr Hn.u 1.. 1;... •.— A ltanllo Etpnaa
fnrM..J»M«u.| i;a«t *<l:l3r
•OtOO Hay wards. Kiln and San Juso *7.43«
4Oi:iur Vallirju # |-4il»p
••■a»i (JrlcntalMail-Ogti-nai. : r-» t -»Or
t?iOUp Val. ].. Purt lu.ita and Way su.
tloua :t»iM»
•H:«>3r <>rr »v and Calif la l.«i " » M«o-mmviitii.M «o-
mmviitii. Mai>a<ll!«. le.i.it..^.
I'..rt^i..l. r.i;.t ho.in.l an.l !■«-> *«II3A
COAST DIVISION (Narron 4.aa«e).
(iTootolll.r t s:mt.)
*Hil3a Newark, (>ntrrilllr.. v| l >iiJii«e.l''rltf)n,
Bouiarrrirrk.nai.taC'riizand War
HUt. •3i»4>»
tailSr Newark. C«tit«r»lll«. Han Joa«, ■ »
Aloia.l«n. Kit. lloulder Creek,
Ranta Cms and 1 riudpaJ Way
Builoua iu:.l«4
•«Hsr Newark. Han Jtme, Los Gatoa. •»•»•*
klli!3r Hunters' Ki-.nu.ii. M«u Ji*e> and
WayHUtlotia {7i3«»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaS.l F«UC!3Co— fwt .f larkM Strut iS;^»)—
•715 900 lluuA.M. lie: *2:53 |)S«
•4:00 . 1140 *8:33r.»i.
rr«aiO»[U»s-r»«l«'3i.ii».t. — •«:<)• 800 IOOOt.M.
t!2:C3 *i:: >::: »3:C3 |I:C3 •ii:m.
COAST DIVISION llroa.M.aagf).
(Thlrilui.d Townaci..! St«.)
t«il 4) A Oc«au V>V« H«.ti'.!i Han KraocliMso.. t«:S«v
*7iOUa Bail J. •• ai>d Way KUll.itta .NOW
• AliiKiiUu Wedneidayaouli) . •!.»•»
•*1O«A Han Jmo. Trrs I'liiua. HanU Cms.
Pacilka v.mir. 1 »• » Mas, Kai>
l.nls OliUpo, finrf, ni*,c and
Principal Way M.itl. i. ( *lil*p
■lOiIOa Ban JtMcand Way NUthms *oi33a
•lliaiiA Hau JOlO and Way HUtlou* *3i3or
t»i44r Bai. Mat-o. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
I'aiu AltA fiant* Clara, H»i' J.j"«,
Tras Plnoa. h.i< t« (.'ins. flallnaa.
Moalrrryand I'aclfto IfOM t1»i«414
JliSOpBanJo*eai»d Way Statlotia *7::ti>p
lilSr Ban Joaaaud Principal WayMtatlnni «Jil3%
i-VMOpHanJosoaod Principal WayHutiona tU:<»<»»
*.%i3Or San Jos* and Principal Way fcbitioua "»:::*• I
•CiUOpSanJosoaud WayStatlnna »«i««4
Hlx-l-'ir San Jt,«eaml Way hutlolia # Tl3or
A for Jafnminc 1* for Afternoon.
'Daily. (huui!«»M^'f! I Sunday only,,
6 SatuM iT 'i y
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T I boron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
L. SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK I)AYi»-7:ao. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:J3.
1:30, 5:10, (40 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.^J
and it in d. ra.
EUNDAYS-S:0o. J:3O. 11. 00 a. m 1 JO. 1.30.
6:00. k:2O d. m.
HAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY! < 7:50/t:S>. 11:19 a. m . 1I:O.
1:40. (:io p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1-55 and * r. p. m
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9 40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. 8:05,
* 25 d. m
Between S.ia Francisco and Schuetxea Pars;
same -schedule a< above.
Leare Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco.
■ October 15. I ■
Week Bun- 1539. Run- I Week
Days. days. Destination days. I Days.
1 7:10 am 1:14 am Novato. 19:40 am 1:49 am
J.I" pm 9:20 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm s:uu i.m Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm t:t2pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:13 am
*: i-hunr.
Lytton,
Oeyservtlle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:25 pfti 1:23 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am L'kiah. 7:»pm •:» pm
7:10 am 10:25 am
8:C0 am Guernevllle. TXpm
8:30 pm , « 12 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Bonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm B:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:05 pm 1 9:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am SebaatopoL 10:40 am in:X3 am
1:20 [.- G:GO pm 7:33 pm| t:23 pm
Etases connect at Pint* Rosa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springe, at Lytton
(or Lytton Spring*: at Geyservllle for Skatrxs
Springs: at el verdale for the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for iMin.iHn ;» rlnK«, Highland S[.rin««.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. H<nla Day. Lake-
port and llartl.tt Hprtngs; at L'kiah fur Vichy
BprlnKs. Saratoga Springs, Itlue Lakes. Ijiurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pvmo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*a
Hot Pprtnjrs. Mend.-K-tno City. Fort Hr-nc*.
Westport. l*»al. Wlllltts. '. iyt"n*tlle. Cum-
mlng s. Hell's Springs. H&rris. Olsen'a. Dyer.
Bcctta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sunday round trio tlrketa to all points
beyond Sun Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. CO Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITIXO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Oen. Pas*. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via I— sjiHaj Parry.
Commencing October i. lias
TROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAT9-»7:00. *•:». 11*0 a. m.: «l:4i
•3:40. 5:15. •••». 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 d. m '
SUNDAYS— •J:OO. 'IOtOO. 'lrlO a. m. ; lii
1:15. '4:45. • JO. »:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:23. ««:35. 745. »9:40 a. m.
•12:20. 3:15. 3:49. «S:l5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:44 and 10:13 p. m.
BUNDATS-6:tO. *J:CO. •10:00. ni:« a. m.;
•1:«. »3:15. 4 «v •«■» p. m.
Trains marked ••) start from San Quentln
PR"M MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:13. 6:«. 7:83. »46 a. m.;
■ 13:35. 2:35. 1:45. : 2) p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7 M and 10:20 p. at.
. i>AYB— »:06. 10:03 a. m. . 12.01. 2:15. I*o.
C:00. 6:43 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and ay stations.
3:00 a. m. Sundays— and way station*.
a Dr. Gibbon ? s Dispensary.
Lt^J (»!!."» 1i»:.% It. M' ST. Established
In 1 "*:> 1 tor the treatment of Private
Wi 1 k asW I >bf asra, Lost Manhood. Debility or
tlbw>asewearlngnnbndyand mind and
.skin IMs-a . rrur.-awli- i
others fall. Try him.' Charge* low.
H <'ore*Kßaranlee4. Callorwrita,
I Or. J. f. cim»u>, B«»* tO37,tiaaFraac<aca,
910
REED'S WILL LIKE A
BIG POSTHUMOUS JOKE
Relatives Left to Wonder Who
Is the Little Legatee.
The Identity of the Mysterious Heiress Cuts
No Figure in the Probate of the
Capitalist's Will.
*yr? I.T* the shrewdness nM John I.
/7lA\ Reed over had ho must have put
It into his will, for in more than one
way it is a curiosity— not so much
fur what is in It. but for the effect it will
have upon his estate and upon any legal
trouble ;hat may arise over it. The little
Garcia girl lias not come forward for her
share yet. lut she will, and it louks as
if s-he would git what she is after. Tor
the will was ::ot drawn by a 'prcnticu
band.
It is the r.enrral belief that th* child to
whom R««d left so much of his fortune
was his own natural child, but there is
no one to say to, and. what is more, it
cuts no licure in the probating <<t the
will who s-lie was or is. Her legacy is left
to her; :h'. re is n<> attempt to say who n'nvi
is except that she is the daughter of
Kramers Garcia, once known its Frances
Lawrence; but beyond that there is no
telUfiff vhrif:* child she is so f;ir as in-
will is concerned. It is like a pusthu
tttuus J<'k<- "I th« old capitalist. He has
hiiiKl'-il out a child of ij for a. good sharv
of his «'stai«- and lie has left his own 7>c-o
j)!«- to speculate on who *he is and why
■he *■!»:« r«.-s his mono**.
:
• n for th<
■ ■
• as a
to the
- .'i the
■
Robert i:
• M. trln Count} ,
effectually
■ ■ ■
• I th.
i:\ i >-
S >vetn-
S vi nihi r 2;
r.- the
the
.It ran rx»
• ■ ■
■
■
the mm ho
little mys-
■ iih it
inn-nt. hf
■
SOUGHT TO END
HER LIFE WITH
CARBOLIC ACID
Attempted Suicide of
Eva Haskell.
WAS DISCOVERED IN TIME
CLAIMS SHE WAS ILL-TBEATED
BY A JOCKEY.
Eva ll.iFkell, an attractive young*
■woman, attempted to commit suicide In a
lodging house at 15 Eddy Ftrc-et last night
by swallowing a portion of the contents
of a vial of carbolic acid. She was dis
covered In time and at once removed to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ULCERS FOR
35 YEARS
Eleven on One Limb at One Time
With Excruciating Pain. All
Remedies Tried, and Number-
less Physicians Little Benefit.
CUTICURA Speedily Cures.
II mother has been a victim to ulcers from
Ywiccse veins for thirty-five years. Eleven of
thene terrible sores hare existed at one time on
the limb affected. Excruciating pain and Intense
suffering*.- endured, with all ports of remedies
en trial and tumherless physicians' calls and
pre*rrtplione applied, but all practically with
tut little benefit. However, at laat the remedial
agent wan fuund In Cmcciu (ointment), which
surely proved iis weight in gold, alleviating pain
and causing healing processes to commence and
I cure speedily eiTcrtcd. She has, also, used
Ccticuba with marked benefit in erysipelas
Of the face aud eczema. The flllll ISM Soar,
blso, has ettabllthcd a record only as the best
•■'-•■. jiurlfyitig, and healing in Its nature,
having proved itself a moot excellent and Vhlu.
able auxiliary to the Citiccra (ointment).
I would remark that thl» testimonial is entirely
unsolicited, being a Toluntary contribution for
Lum&nlty's a&ke, and the commendation of the
(V::iim RcKcnitß to the fullest confidence,
being «atii£ed of their parity, Genuineness, and
almwt miracle* wrought.
lUrch X«, lUa. W. T. MORSE, Cabot, Vt.
CUTICURA
Begin* with the Blood and End* with
The Skin and Scalp.
That U to say, CrTicv*a Ue» .ltkxt. greatest
cf Mood purifiers and humor cxpellcrt, purifies
tiie blood and circulating Culds of llcvor Uebks.
and t inii> removes the cnutt, while warm bath*
with (TTiiTw ho*r, and gentle anointings with
(,'rrtcrita (ointment), greatest of emollient f kin
cere*. eteaaM ttte sLln and scalp of crust* and
i < -•!> *, allay Itrblng. burning, and inflammation.
•outhe and'beal. Thus are. speedily, permanently,-
ard economically cured Uie mari torturing, dls-
:..• ir.i v humors of thentln.scalp.and blood, with
lot* of Ualr, when all oi her remedies falL
hold tVrornotit the wotM. I^rraaD. -« C < ".r.
J n jr.. It • ■••, i:>«i ■ i.-' Torturing Stic :• •<•«►•• <•».
SAVE YOUR HANDS nScST&r*
A HANDSOME
XMAS STOCK.
AIX OUR GOODS AUK NEW. NO OLD
f~V nork. y.vr rj t hir.R- of this year's design can
>• M«ti at RADKE & CO.'S. the Jewelers, US
gutter ■•'•t Inspection rolldted.
Price marked In plain flrurea.
M»-i order a special feature.
ho was fon<l of her mother: because he
had taken a fancy to her; because he had
any one of. ■ dozen reasons, any one of
which was nobody's buslnes but his own.
Ho may have left uer the property be
cause ne wished to, and so far as the
lawyers can po, that must suffice, for the
old man knew how to express what ho
wanted without saying too much. The
question of a contest of the will is. there
fore, a debatable matter.
Should there be a contest there will
probably be a scandal. Everybody ex
pects it. and they would not be disap
?>ointed. but in the end It will.} be but
little use, for the scandal would n< ' hresV
Lt>e will, and the legacy would still be is
pood as gold.
Mrs. Garcia has already started on the
business of securing to her child me
fortune in store for her. She called on
Orestes Orena; of the firm of Hlshop .V:
Wheeler, last Friday, and told him who
she was. She wished particularly to
know what was the prospect of getting
an allowance for the child, as she wanted
above all things to have her properly
educated. On the question of allowance,
however, there is a line point. If the al
lowance is to come from the estate the
child will have to prove that the is the
child of the testator, for otherwise she
can have no family allowance, If. how
ever, she wishes to pet it from her own
part of the estate it is different. The mat
ter was not detlnitely settled, however.
In the meantime the trustee, Justo Vl
dal. baa dropped out of sight. He was a
frequent visitor at the Reed home during
the life of John Reed, and at the timo of
his oVath was staying there. Since then,
however, he has left; and sine.- the pub
lication of the peculiar terms of the will
he has not been heard of at the old lib., c.
Mr*. Garcia told Orena that she had
known Vi.'.ul for a lons time. She gave,
the lawyer the Idea, too, that neither she
nor her* child had seen or had had any
thing to do with Reed, and the presump
tion is that si:, kept track of Reed
through his friend Yidal. She Is a small
woman, apparently about 40 years of age,
good looking, well dressed, and has not
the appearance of a woman who has had
to work hard.
The property 1. ft to the child Is vari
ously valued at from $13,000 to $25,000. 'It
forms part of the ]:■■< ranch at Reeds.
It Is all In land, but the land, by the will.
may be sold and the proceeds turned over
to the child, or at least an Income from
them until she is of age. Should she die
without issue before she is 21. the prop
erty is t£» go to the members of the Reed
family. if >:..- die with Issue before she
is 21 the property will en to her children.
If she reach the age of D she will be Riven
the legacy In its entirety. In any event it
will be hard work for the lawyers to find
a loophole; so far the only one' is: "Is the
Elvira Garcia being put forward the child
mentioned In the will of John J. Reed?"
the Receiving Hospital, where she was re
lieved of the poison.
Joe Naxvaez, with whom she was con
sorting and who was In the room when
the took the poison, was arrested by
Sergeant Helms and charged with
vagrancy. Narvaex Is the Jockey who
was suspended for life for doing the bid
ding of "Little Pete." the Chinese
plunger who was afterward shot and
killed by a highbinder
The disgraced Jockey has been consort-
Ing with the Haakell woman for about
two years. Yesterday she complained of
| his ill-treatment and determined to com
mit suicide. Shortly after 10 o'clock last
| night Lilly Moore, a friend of Miss Ha*>
kell, went to the latter room and found |
her in bed suffering from the effects of
an over-indulgence in liquor. After
uw.ikening her Miss Moore asked her
urn she was feeling.
"I'm so sick." answered the despondent
woman. "If I could only Bee my poor old ;
mother I could die happy."
Her friend tried to cheer her up. when '
suddenly Mit-s Hat>kell reached for a vial
of carbolic acid which was on a table ad-
Joining her bed, and placing it to her lips
proceeded to drink the contents.
Miss Moore quickly seized the bottle
: and threw It on the floor. She then called
the landlady, who poured the contents of
a bottle of sweet oil down the woman's
throat.
■ hci was In th*» ro-im at th* time,
d out before tin* polic. arrived.
He returned s ahori time afterward and
under arrest. The woman was
Immediately removed to the Etecelvins
Hospital, where the usual antidotes were
given her.
HaskeU's parents live In Bacra-
Bhe left h. r home to lead s cay
:id soon became a familiar ngure in
the Tenderloin.
FILIPINOS FOB PARIS.
Large Troupe Now in This City on Its
Way to Europe.
A quaint collection of little brown men
and women known as the Royal Filipino
Circus and Band is now quartered at tho
Palace Hotel, en route to the Paris Ex
position to exhibit their skill In various
arts, acrobatic, musical ■ and otherwise.
The merry company li under the guid
ance of \\ alter Everett Stone, who i» ac
companied by his wife and two daugh
ters The troupe came down from Port
land nnd will Rive performances In this
city before their departure. The company
now here Includes twenty performers, ail
skilled in their peculiar line of work.
Mr. Stone has secured the privilege of
exhibiting the troupe In many of the cities
of the United States, Europe and Asia,
and must return the natives to Manila
by the end of next year. It Is his inten
tion to give benefits for the Red Cross
Society, Association of Relatives of First
California Volunteers and the unemployed
of that regiment.
CHRISTMAS AT ST. MARYS.
Elaborate Musical Service to Cele
brate the Festival.
A parochial meeting of the Church of
St. Mary, the Virgin, was held at the rec
tory on Tuesday and the following vestry
men for the coming year were elected; N.
C. Woodward, T. Hanks. L. C. Ralley. A.
1. Miner, D. L. de Fonseca, M.D.. Mrs.
Kllse trick. M.D., Mrs. A. E. Johnson.
The ladles of the Altar Society will
hold a fair at 2723 I^aguna street, corner
of Green, on Wednesday, December 13,
afternoon and evening.
Active preparations are on foot to
make the Christmas service a memorable
one. A special musical programme will
be rendered and the, church will be beau
tifuly decorated. The soloists . engaged
are: -Soprano, Mrs. Aiken; alto. Miss
Rheller: tenor, J. Collins; basso, C. Wol
(-• v Johnson. Miss m. Homer will be at
the organ. >-
Dr. Parker's < ouch Cure. One done will stop
a cough. Never falln. Try It. All druggists. •
Retaliating- on Joost.
Bahn Joost and Special om<«»r royn«
i am havinj; a small-sized war of their own
on th« eastern slope of Twin Peaks.
Joopt won the first skirmish, compelling
Coyne to appear 1..-fnro the Police Com
missioners to answer to the charge of
throwing Joost over an emhankment.
The Commissioners dismissed the charges.
Coyne no sooner pot his second breath
than he hied himself off to the Police
Court and swore out no less than three
warrants for the arrest of his prosecutor.
Acting on the authority of these warrants
Captain James \V. Glllin dispatched a
I>oFt;«« of his ablest division to corral the
offending Joost. Th.-y succeeded yester
day and brought their man to the Seven
teenth-street station, where he was
charged thrice with malicious mischief.
I He was released on his own recognizance.
Trapper's Oil cum rheumatism a- neural*'.*
Dnynii»t». Uk Cask. lUchards ft Co. 4M Clay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1899.
JUMPED INTO
THE BAY FROM
THE SAN RAFAEL
AnUnknown Commits
Suicide.
CRIED OUT "THIS ENDS ALL"
HE WENT TO HIS DEATH NEAR
FISHERMAN'S WHARF.
Two People Saw the Well-Dressed
Stranger's Plunge, but Were
Tardy in Giving an
Alarm.
Ab the *t earner San Rafael was making
her last trip from the Marin Shore to this
city last evening an unknown man com
mitted suicide when the Vessel was oppo
site Fiphermuns wharf by jumping from
the rail Into the waters of the bay. Th?re
were only two witnesses to the scene, a
small boy, whose name the pssscinfi rs
forgot to as' • rtaln, and a person who
sis name as Boyle ami told captain
McKenzle that ho was employed In the
business office of the Kxamlnt r.
According to Captain McKensto, the
suicide might have been prevented had
it not been for Boyle's stupidity in fall
ing to Kive a prompt alarm.
The Ban Rafael was making the swing
toward her slip when Boyle rushed into
the pilot bouse and said that a man had
| jumped overboard near Fisherman's
Boyle said that he was leaning
against a Bagpole In the stern and watch
a tall, well-dressed man
with a smoothly shaven face on the oppo
site side "i the boat, who had been act
trangely, when the man suddenly
climbed upon the rail and shouting,
••This ends all," plunged headforemost
Into th.- «
In M i ensle stopped tho boat and
returned to the spot, but no sign of the
Ide could be discovered,
win n the ferrj boat returned to Sau
sallto on the 9 o'clock trip th'- .
having heard of the suicide, soon spread
the news around that city and San Ra
fael, and much speculation was Indulged
1 in on the streets as to the identity of the
■ suicide, it is believed that he was a resi
dent of Marin on account of the fact that
; death was sought while the steamer was
crossing from BausaUto.
■ rding to Captain MoKenzle, who
related the facts tn a number of persons
-ii Rafael last night, if Hoyle had
given a prompt alarm instead of losing
so much time in climbing to the pilot
house and relating his story tho man
might have t n saved. The facts are
corroborated by a small boy wh"<c name
Captain McKensle failed to learn.
Both Fractured Their Hips.
The l,utzs aro an aged couple residing
at 4^'j Tehana street A week ago
Mrs. Kutz, whib- flnsromilns; the front
fell and broke ht-r thigh. <>.•! B •
unlay ln-i husband was seised with an ep
ileptic tit. and. In his convulsions, ?•'!
and Injured himself in exactly the p»mc
part of tho body, and only a f«-w yards
from whore his wife received her h
Th<- couple art- at the County Hospital.
tioth doing well, ani will in a f < w days
be about again.
Pterllnß silver artlolos for tho wrltlnp
desk and dressing table. Sanborn, VHI
&. Co. •
BOLD ROBBERS
ATTACK A GROCER
I «=jr=3HE fact that th. police have not yet captured the robbers who have
been operating In the city for the past two or three months was forcibly
j[ brought Saturday night to the attention of F. L. Rahn, proprietor of a
grocery and saloon on the northeast corner of Sacramento and Taylor
streets.
,'« About 9 o'clock Rahn was in the grocery alone when three strangers en
, tered. One of them ordered three beers. Rahn went to draw the beer and as
> he turned to serve It he saw a revolver In the hands of th. oldest-looking of
' the trio. The man slipped it Into his pocket, crossed to the lunch counter
■ and suggested to Rahn that he should get them some cheese and crackers.
', Rahn went Into the grocery and returned with the crackers and cheese, which
, ho placed on the lunch counter. As he turned he looked into the muzzle of a
• revolver in the hands of the man who had done all the talking.
[ ' "Now. you keep quiet." said the robber, in a determined voice, "or It will
" be the worse for you."
\ Rahn, who is stockily built, al once showed fight. He attempted to grap
, pie with the robber, when another of the trio pulled a revolver out of his
► pocket and. cautioning his pal not to shoot, struck Rahn a heavy blow on' the
' back of the head with the butt end of his revolver. Rahn yelled for the po
l lice, while he was again and again struck on the head with the revolver. His
> cries for help alarmed the robbers and the trio finally rushed out of the gro
. eery without getting any booty.
► A few minutes later Rahn was found lying on the floor of the grocery In
| •■ pool of blood by M. 1.. Ahllnger and Fernando Loualzo, who happened to
i drop Into the store. They, immediately notified the police. Yesterday morning
, Captain Bobcn detailed Detective Ed Gibson oh the case. Rahn told Gibson
■■ that he thought he was attacked for revenge, as he had had trouble with a
» man on Thanksgiving night and the man declared he would get even with
I him. but Gibson found that the suspected man was a carpenter In the
 neighborhood and was above suspicion. He was satisfied that the three men'
> were robbers and not new to the business.
► . Rahn described the trio as follows: No. 1. 34 years of age. dark sack suit
: soft dark hat. small light mustache: No. 2. who struck .him with the re
> volvcr. 21 years of age. smooth face, dark sack coat, dark soft hat: No. 3 who
> appeared to be the lookout, 27 years of age, smooth face, dark clothes and
> hat.
► When peon yesterday Rahn.- who bears souvenirs of the affair In the
„ shape of a large plaster fore and aft of his cranium, gave the following ac
► count of the fracas:
> "About 9 o'clock three men came Into the barroom through the door com
> munlcating with the grocery and ordered beer. When I had served them
■' one, a tall man, with a black mustache, walked over to a shelf where
' crackers and cheese are generally kept, and after raising a screen which is
> kept over the dishes, asked me to get some cheese. I went into the store and
► returned with some and walked over to the corner to place It In the plate.
- While I was doing this I was struck a terrific blow on the back of the head!
' and on turning around the man who had made the request for more cheese
, struck me again, this time on the forehead with the butt of his pis
- tol. At the same time the other, a clean-shaved man of about 30. covered
> mo with his pistol and told me to keep quiet. Instead of complying. I shouted
" for aid, and the men fled through the, saloon door. Daring all this the third
. man had been looking through the glass door leading into the grocery to
. warn his "pals" if any one entered.
"Just before the hold-up I had emptied the till and had some hundred dol
. lars on my person. I think I could identify the men, particularly the pistol
- wielder. They seemed to me by their dress to be mechanics or clerks. I don't
• think they were professionals."
DISASTROUS BLAZE IN
THE SPRECKELS MARKET
Fire Breaks Out in the Rear
and Causes Heavy Loss.
Adjoining Property Saved by Prompt Action
of Chief Sullivan and His Men— Escape
of S, H. Smith and Family.
FIRE broke out in the Bprorkols
Market, on Market street, early
this morning, and for a time
threaten. ,i to destroy the fine
structure.
Shortly after 1 o'clock Special Officer
Con Kelley discovered flames issuing
from the Stevenson strict entrance of the
building. He at once turned In an alarm
from box 4S. at th" Intersection of Market
and Kearny streets. When tho lire de
partment arrived '.n the scene the Rto
venson street sldo of the building was
ablaze. The flames were confined to the
■irant conducted by H. H. Crane
and were creeping with remarkable ra
pidity to the floor above Several streams
were at once played on the burning struc
ture and in a short time the tire was un
der control. Had it not been for the fire
proof construction of the building the
flames would have spread to the adjoin
ing buildings and great damage would
have resulted.
The tire started In the kitchen of the
restaurant, presumably from sparks from
the range, whict) ignited the woodwork.
The men employed In the teslaui'snt left
there about half an hour before the
fire was, discovered. Following their usual
custom 'they banked the lire In the range
before having. While standing on the
corner of Stevenson ami Fourth pi
Kelly saw flames enveloping the rear of
the building, and losi no time in turning
in the alarm. The tire was also seen by
an attache of The Call, who turned In an
FOR THE BOND ISSUE.
Meeting of Improvement Club People
to Favor the Coming Questions.
The Western -Addition Improvement
Chib will this ovoninK Inaugurate a series
Of district meetings to bo held in behalf
of thf bond Issues for the panhandle,
the hospitals and the sewers. Mayor
Photon, Irving M. Scott. M. H. Hecht, EL
A. Denicke. \V H. Levy. E. Lobe, A.
Sbarboro, M. V. Samuels. Judge Cooney,
i> v. Koiiy. iv h McCarthy, Charles
Kundschu and othors will mako addresses.
The meeting will be held in Franklin
Hall, on tho corner of Hush and Flllmore
sire«-ts. Prior to the open meeting there
will be a meeting of the Ontral rlub at
half-past seven, to which all presidents
and secretaries of civic dubs are Invited.
Threatened His ex-Wife.
Jose Dutro. a laborer, was arrested last
night on a warrant ■worn to by his ex
charging him with threats against
F- L. Rahn Badly Beaten
With Revolvers by
Three Men in hf is Store
alarm from tho auxiliary box in The Call's
editorial rooms.
The Fire Department worked with to
doubled energy to prevent the flames from
spreading. While members of engine
company 2 fought the flames from tne
rear under the direction of Chief Su'.ti
van other engine companies attacked the
lire from the Market street side. Think
ing that a serious conflagration was im
minent Chief Sullivan turned In a sec
ond alarm. By the time the extra en
gines reached the scene the lire was un
der control.
The wholesale meat department of
Hammond a.- Brod, which occupied the
opposite Mi.ll. suffered quite a loss. A
large qu.inuty of beef was spoiled iy
smoke an;] water.
A family named Smith, who oc
cupy a suite of rooms imme
diately over the market, w«re
forced to beat a hasty retreat by the
npproach of the flamt-s. The family con
sists of tv h. Smi tii. manager for Dr.
llyeri A- Co.: William Smith. Mrs. Smith
and four children, the youngest «>f whom
is 9 months old. Smith was aroused l>y
the rrnsh of falling glau hikl after
awakening Mrs. Smith he drugged his
children out of bed and safely conducted
them from the building.
M. J. I'aniiviin and Dr. Holsom also
occupied a room in the building. Canavan
■wakened his sleeping companion, and.
Kr;iM>itiK what clothes they could, they
hurriedly Wt the building.
Mr. Crane estimates his damage at $2000.
His loss is fully covered by insurance.
The aggregate loss wil 1 reach JIO.OXt.
life. The warrant was issued last May.
shortly aftor Mrs. Dutro had obtained a
divorce; i>ut upon Dutro's promise to
keep away from his wife the warrant was
not served. I^ast night Dutro. while
ilrunk. went to his ex-wife's resilience at
■):> <;r.<ii str«"t and rniseil a disturbance.
The poUee were promptly notified, ajid
Dutro's arrest followed.
DR. RADER EXPRESSED HIS
VIEWS ON THE GOLDEN RULE
Rev. William Rader's sermons on the
tragedies of Shakespeare are attracting
unusual Interest and every Sunday even
ing the Third Congregational Church Is
Crowded. Last night seats were hard to
obtain and the regular congregation gra
ciously Rave up Its seats to Strangers. Dr.
Rader spoke on "The Merchant of Venice
— the Drama of the Golden Rule." In part
he said:
The "Merchant of Venice" In not a trag
edy, but a catastrophe. It Is located In the.
Rlalto of Venice, immortalized by Ku»kln.
and associated with the dissipation of Lori
Hyron. It I* composed of two stories, that
of the pound of flesh and the three boxes.
The play centers In Jessica, who ran away
with a Christian ami broke her father's
heart; In Antonio, meek and gentle, and
!'■ rtla, who In a new woman of Intellect
rather than feeling, fascinating, eloquent
and audacious. Shylock Is probably not
meant to he a universal type of lletii-Hw.
He represents Judaism without Its (<■.•..■.•!
ness. The Jew has been the victim of con
siderable criticism from Marlowe to Mark
Twain. He was a fanatic holding tn the
Mt.lical law of an eye for an eye and a tooth
lor a tooth. He hated Antonio, and his
si*-ei-h is unanswerable irom Shyl«.k »
standpoint.
Both Antonio and Phylock indicate a la
m«ntable lack, nf the spirit of the gulden
rule, which unites the elements at Justice
and mercy. I'ortia Is the mediating prln-
In her speech Hhak»-H|>eare shows
that the admlnl- tratlon of the universe Is
not on a basis of Justice, but Justice sea
s'. ne,l with mercy. The world is not ruled
In Justice a i >art from mercy, and If It were
so ruled, what would become of mn«t of us?
Mr llader warned his hearers to be care
ful about the David Harum rendering of the
gulden rul-: frlio unto the .•th-r fwlow as
he would <io unto JTOU, but do it first."
SHE WAS POISONED.
Lizzie Kiesel of Fruitvale in Convul-
sions Crossing the Bay.
I,izzir Klaaali a young woman, who
lives on the Bad WDOd road, Krultvale, left
this cky at midnight on the last boat
across the hay. She was taken with con
vulsions before the steamer '•cached Goat
Island and was In an unconscious condi
tion when the mole wa.s reached.
it was suspected that she had taken
poison, but nothing COUld be pot from her
but her name ami the fart that she livt-d
In Fruitvale. Sh. was put aboard the
cars to be sent to the Oakland Keceiving
Hospital.
Several times before the train reached
Broadway, about 1:20 o'clock this morn
ing, she was convuised with agony. At
the hospital the doctors said she was suf
ft-rtiiK from poison of some sort, whleh
they could not then determine. The pa
tient said she had been put on the boat
at San Francisco by a man named H»ll.
She will probably recover.
The woman stated that she had been In
the company of Gilbert Bell, ;i letter-car
rier of San Francisco, but would give no
further information.
CHRISTENED THE SURPRISE.
Little Miss June Llndsey of Fruitvalo
had the honor of christening the first ves
sel of the new Interisland shipping com
pany that Is to run schooners between the
Islands of the Hawaiian group.
' The vessel is the gasoline schooner
Surprise, launched at Benecia last Thurs
day. There was the usual bottle of wine
anil the usual crowd of well-wishers and
the christening went off as successfully
as It was possible to make It. The bot
tle broke, just on the bow and as the
wine foamed over the stem Miss L,indßey
repeated the time-honored words, 'I
christen tine Surprise."
The new boat is the tlrst of a fleet to be
operated by what will be known an the
Koua Transportation Company. Another
vessel similar to the Surprise Is already
under way
Boy Falls From a Swing.
■\Vrilo Raisin. an elgnt-year-Old hoy re
siding at H John str<»-t. fell out of a
swinK at tiif Children's Etayground in
Qolden Gate Park jwsterdA] afternoon
and frmetored his ri^ht leg; abore the
knee. The I was let at Urn Recelvliig
Hospital by Dr. Hopper.
Charged With Petty Larceny.
, George J. Hamilton, alias Wren, was
arrested by Officer Hurley on . Annie
street yesterday evening and charged
with petty larceny at the City Prison.
Hamilton had in his possession a buggy
robe of which he was unable to give a
satisfactory account.
Injured by a Foul Tip.
Thomas Walcott, ISB Clara street, was
struck on tht> side of the head by .1 foul
tip while playing baseball In the park yes
terday . afternoon. A . small bone just
above and a little In front of the ear was
fractured. His Injury was treated at the
Receiving Hospital by Dr. Hopper. .
Chess Master Dead.
BERLIN. Dec 1" Dr. Max Lang*, Urn
famous German ohessmastcr. t h«-.>r»-tloliin
and problemist, is <l<-a.l at Leipslc. 1!
born in Madßeburß lti 1.5.:2.
Christmas presents selected now will
b€« reserved and stored at our rls»k until
tlrao for delivery. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ELEGANT STOCK
Holiday Goods.
Ladles' Noveltu NECKWEAR, in Jabots, Fichus, ScarTs
and Ties 00c to 87 each
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed HANDKERCHIEFS, both silk
and linen 20c to 75c each
Ladles' Fine Hand -Embroidered HANDKERCHIEFS,
scalloped and lace edge 15c to $5 each
Ladles' SILK SKIRTS, In all the new stales and colors;
also black
$6 to .S l i«"> ciich
Ladles' and Gents' Fine SILK UMBRELLAS, with 'voru,
tortoise shell, pearl and silver handles
$2.50 to $9 each
Ladles' and Gents' French and Encjllsh KID GLOVES....
$1 to $2.50 pair
Ladles' FEATHER BOAS, 18 to 72 Inches long, In natural
black, grag and beaver. . . .$2.50 to $27.50 each
Ladles' Beaded Novelty BELTS, In white, black and
colors 50c to $3.50 each
Gents' Fancg NECKWEAR, in puffs, knots, bows and
four-ln-hands 25c to $1 each
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG. BOWEK ft COB SPECIAL SAVING SALE
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
I &CO
Open nights 'till Christmas
New goods
Finnan haddies— by express
Malaga raisins— six crown— finest
Hungarian prunelloes
French glace' strawberries
mirabelies — walnuts
almonds— paste
Wiesbaden stuffed prunes
Louisana mammoth pecans
Oriental stuffed dates
German honey cake
SPECrAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Canned fruits 3 tins 50c
reg'ly $2 25 dozen— Alcalde
Contracted for them before the fruit
grew— would cost 52 at cannery now
Coffee— Hawaiian (A'ona) 25C
reg'lv 30c Ib— roast or ground
raised on American soil
Salmon— reg'ly i2§c tin . lOC
fine fish for refined tastes
Whisky— Old Croxc and Hermitage
*V*'»i . r *Z*ly special
x Hermitage Rye '86 bot $1 50 $1 15
" '86 gal 6 450
Old Crow bourbon '89 hot 125 1
-r'u " " '89gal c ' 4
These names and our name is all
the guaranty needed
Marmalade— A'ei7/er 2 oc
reg'ly 25c jar
Made in Dundee Scotland
Shrimps— pickled 2 tins 2CC
reg'ly 15c tin
for fancy salad
Ginger— reg'ly 15c tin lOC
A sweet, meat— crystallized
Bacon— reg'iy 18c l6c
Armour's Star and Ferri*'
Prepared for particular people
Beer—^i'*Tard qts $2 10
• reg'iy $2 35 and 5i 55 pts |$£
Car just arrived fresh
Cucumber jelly- Wrights i^c
reg'lv 20c bottle
keeps chaps aw.iv
Dates— reg'ly 15c Ib 12\C
tNew fruit just received
Dates are good food
WalnUtS— rrg'lv 15c Ib I2^C
Lay in a supply for :r: r
the holidays .
Pop COm-reg'!v $C 6 lbs 2^C
Fun for young and old
Statuary
funny and otherwise for
Christmas— novelties
selected for fine trade
bon bons for dinner favors
...0F...
GOLDBERG, BO WEN * COS SPECIAL BATIKS SALE
' ' —.——.-. — — — *— ■■ >--■.-■- - ■ ■ ..
OOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO.
Cigars
for the Holidays
Our cigar stock is com-
plete in assortment of brands
— sizes and shapes — and in
variety of packages —we
have good cigars in boxes
of from twelve to one hun-
dred at prices ranging from
a dollar and a half to
twenty-five dollars a box
Humidors
made of polished natural
woods—plate glass front—
for preserving cigars in their
original freshness
A box of good cigars in a
beautiful humidor makes a
; gift any smoker will appre-
c iate
Open nights 'till Christmas
. 4)3 Pine 131 Sutler tSoo California San Francttc*
1073 Clay between Eleventh *nJ Twelfth Oakland
Come Just to Look
Great Bargains
China
Crocker?
c;i;i«.«.\% arc
Lamp*
Ornament*
Novelties
Clocks
Come Just to Look.
Great American Iraportina Tea Co.
Central 210-212 Grant »i*>.
Stores: Bet. Sutler 11 d i ost sts.
861 Market St . or p. Powell.
52 {Market St.; foot California
Branch Store. I very where.
r «PATENTSI *J
UU. T. HESS,
WOTART wj^-'.C'J AND ATiv.ttM£T-*»'-LAW.
Tenth Moor.' Ktoiti 1013, Claus 9prtck«U li;'.!r.
Telephone llrown SOI.
Residence. ci California at.. b«low PowtlL
Ban Francisco. %
in M m r ■ ■ . . "