VOLUME L.XXXVI— NO. 35.
AND THE
EAGLE SCREAMED!
NO wonder the eagle screamed '
yesterday. Not at the tons of
explosives detonated under
his flapping pinions, but for
joy of San Francisco's celebra- ,
tion of the Fourth. Never has
there been anything like it in the city's
history; never such spontaneous patri
otism: never such an association, of
memories, nor so much of Joy and color,
and music and noise; never so few and
such insignificant fires, and never so j
few people -who "didn't know it was j
loaded."
Match that if you can for a Fourth
of July record- Impossible!
A whole city was on its main streets
before the sun was three hours high,
formed in living walls spitting fire,
burning punk and money and exploding
with patriotism and civic pride to wit
ness a parade of fourteen long divisions
made up of the veterans of three wars
and the unhealed wounded of one; of
new recruits for battles still to come; of
cadets eager to attain the years that
crown a soldier, and of patriarchs who
shed their blood on "that dark and
bloody ground" in the war with "Mexico.
They were all In line. They may never
be together again till they ford the
dark river to enter the hills of eternity
beyond.
More than 2000 of the boys in blue of
Uncle Sam, infantrymen, troopers and
artillerists from the Presidio, marched
with them, erect, soldier-like, sturdy
equal to any fortune and half a
dozen Filipinos apiece. At least that's
what many In the admiring throngs
thought, and It looked that way to a
man in a window.
'"h" very siirht of the marching regu
lars, the cavalrymen on spirited horses,
the artillerists on foot and on their
guns was enough to swell with pride
the breast of every beholder who needs
must feel strong to think that such
walls of blue ever Intervene between
him and th<* foe. The soldiers seemed
to appreciate the feeling of the citizens
itnd put their best feet forward in the
march from the ferries to the re
viewing stand.
Through some oversight, the only
iat marred the perfect picture of
the parade, no men of the United
; navy were in line. Somebody
blundered and the men who fought
with Dewey, or who would have been
glad to have fought with him had they
had the chance, were not invited to
- ipate. Their absence was con
spicuous <nough to cause a great deal
mment, but it was entirely due to
lent and the public was content to
look instead upon the fine body of men
turned "lit in line by the California
Naval Militia. So well were they
hand: so sailorlike did they
rnanh, that many mistook them for
men from Uncle Sam's warships and
gave thpm round and round of pp
plause. It was a mistake, but it was
also a compliment, which rtie battalion
appreciated an i deserves.
Attract] ng a large share of attention,
'the cadets of the League of the Cross
made a splendid picture and ,were
greeted with waving nags and salvos
of applause at many points along their
line. There were many bands in the
.parade, but none of them put more vol
ume into their music or more spirit
than did the drummer? and fifers of
the league. Their beautiful uniforms
lent a flash of color to a part of the
line that- might have been repeated to
advantage' at other places.
The Native Sons made a good show
ing, but not as good as on former oc
casions and not such as was expected^
considering that the grand marshal
was one of their number. Th •>• might
have been out in greater number and
expected to be, but the calls on their
membership from so many directions
were bo Imperative, that they had to j
bo content with a fair showing: one,
however, that did honor to their loyal-.;
ty to the Stars and Stripes and their
love of the old bear flag.
The German and Swiss citizens of
San Francisco had a fine representation
in the parade, th- turners and sharp
shooters in their uniforms of gray find-
Ing many applauding admirers in the
'•king crowds.
The members of the Italian colony
have also reason to feel proud of their
countrymen in line, the Garabaldi
Guard, the blue-bloused fishermen and
the ranchers with their floats adding
much to the ensemble.
The one feature of the pageant, that
which attracted by its oriental gor
gfousness and its utter oddity, was fur
nished by the Chinese residents, it was
near the end of the procession, but was
(i dream of bright color in fantastic
dress and trapping that, despite a lin
gering taste for things Celestial,
'•(impelled admiration. No such feature
could have been produced in any other
city of the country, and It was only
through the active efforts of Consul-
General Ho Vow that it was possible
.here. The occidental mind could im
agine no such a color scheme, no West
ern eye could plan such fantastic com
binations, and, if the truth be told, the
cis-Paciflc ear would not be tolerant of
the Tartar music. It was all there, how
ever, color scheme, fantastic conceits.
Tartar music, with five or six hundred
The San Francisco Call.
Chinese, playful as kittens at the op- ;
portunjty to celebrate, lending the
move' >jyit to the whole. It was a po- j
etic peep into the real interior of ro- !
mantle China such as has never before
been vouchsafed to the citizens of Pan
Francisco.
The little brown men from the land i
of the Mikado did not make a large,
though a very attractive showing.
They limited themselves along the j
route to sending high into the air their I
PARADE PASSING UP MARKET STREET IN FRONT OF THE CALL OFFICE.
SIGNAL CORPS ESCORTS GENERAL SHAFTER.
CAPTAIN C. L. HEWES of the Signal Corps, v/lth First lieutenant U.
W. Haseltine and thirty-five members in full dress on prancing bay
steeds, detailed as an escort to Major General Shatter, arrived at Fort
Mason, the military residence of the reviewing officer, at 10:30 a. m.
and at once reported to Major R. H. Noble, General Shafter's chief
aid. The escort in the meantime rested at ease on the main roadway outside
of the military reservation, while General Shafter and his staff, consisting
nf Majors Noble, Cosgrove, Green anri Gallagher and <'apt;iin E. Plummer,
were getting- ready. As soon as tins bad been arranged the major general
rode out and was receive.! by Captain Hewee and nifl company, and the line
of march along Van Ness avenue was commenced.
General Shatter and bla escort md.. along Van Ness avenue until the head
<if the procession wa: mci near Hay -s street, when b< retraced his march
and proceeded until he reached Post street, th< designated reviewing point.
Captain Hewes and his men escorted Shafter and liis staff t<< Fort Mason
after the review and Wfite personally thanked by the. major general.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
famous daytime fireworks. They were |
not chary of their stock and added a
decidedly interesting feature to the pro- j
cession.
The newsboys and messenger boys, i
who brought up at the end of one of ;
the divisions of the procession, made <
themselves heard and felt, lending the
lung power of untrammeled young
America where it would do the most |
good to the general effect.
Even after the parade had disband- i
Ed and San Francisco knew that she
had outdone herself she did not rest.
Again in. the afternoon she gathered
her patriots to hear the story of the
birth of liberty and her country's prog
ress, to sing the hymns of the republic
and listen to the national anthems. Af
ter that the eagle screamed at will and
the patriotic small boy and his papa
were kept busy in the effort to carpet
the city's streets a foot deep with burnt
offerings at the altar of liberty.
As the dusk came on ajid the eagle,
husky voiced from continued exertions,
ceased to scream and roosted, the heav
ens above the peninsula and far out
into the bay and ocean were lighted up
by the combine'! fires of innumerable
pyrotechnic displays. Officially there
were three big ones; actually there
were ten times that number worthy of
note.
Some time past midnight the majority
of San Franciscans had sought their
drowsy beds, satisfied with themselves,
the world and the celebration. A few
firm in the belief that a good thins
should be pushed along were still busily
engaged when The Call went to press,
helping the Fourth towards Thanksgiv
ing day.
THE PARADE A
GRAND SUCCESS
Stree's Thronged With Thou
sands of Spectators Who
Gaze at the Glitter
ing Panorama.
Promptly at 10 o'clock the signal gun
on the dome of th>- Claus Spreckela build-
Ing thundred forth in warlike tones the
announcement to the waiting thousands
a|ong the iljie of march that the great
procession had started. Before the report
h;ni cited away there came the Quick.
spiriting roll of the snare drums, a crash
ing of cymbals and then the martial
strains of "On the Day That Dewey
Conies Home," and the long military,
naval and civic panorama began to unfold
itself before the eyes of the masses of
enthusiastic spectators.
The formation of the procession took
over two hours. The first three divisions,
which practically constituted the military
and naval display, got into line with more
precision and rapidity than thp others.
The head of the procession was formed on
Market street just below Montgomery,
the first, second and third divisions reaon
ing from Montgomery street on Market
to the ferry and overlapping several
blocks on East street. The other divisions
formed along the side streets and fell in
at their proper places in the procession.
Shortly before :i o'clock the band of the
Twenty-fourth infantry, which came in
rrmn the Presidio upon the cars, marched
up Battery streel and took its station at
the corner of Market. Next came the
regular troops under the comman.l of
Colonel Henry B. Freeman. They
marched down Market from Golden Gate
avenue, and the right flank, which wan
beaded by a battalion of the Twenty
fourth under the command of Captain
Ammi'ii A. Augur, began to form at the
junction of Second and Market. i'p <n
t'olonel Freeman's staff were: Major f3d
ward B. Moseley. surgeon; Lieutenant
Joseph D. r.eit< 'i and Captain Arthur C.
Ducat. The latter officer was severely
wounded at San Juan Hill.
Next followed 1200 of the regular re
cruits in three battalions, all under (he
command of. Major Owen J. Sweet. Then
came Batteries 1. O and E of the Heavy
Artillery under the command of Captain
Bedarwick Pratt. The latter battery was
commanded by Lieutenant John P. Hams,
who waa badly wounded in the Porto
Etican campaign. Light Battery C, Cap
tain Joseph ML '"aliif commanding, fal
lowed the heavy artillery, then Troop F.
Sixth Cavalry, and Troops D and H.
Fourth Cavalry. The medical <<>rp
brought up the r»,ir commanded by Acting
Assistant Surgeon lieutenant Barney.
These commands formed in the t.rder
with the cavalry resting on East street.
Captain Rumboug'h brought over the hand
of the Third Artillery from Angel Island,
and this headed the heavy artillery.
At the same time that the military was
getting into position the Naval Militia,
N. <;. i.. under the command of Captain
Louis H. Turner, was forming on Baal
street. They fell into line directly bc
j iiind the cavalry.
While the second and third divisions
were forming, the first took up Its posi
tion between Battery and Montgomery
streets on Market. Chief Lees and Cau
tain Whitman in a buggy headed the pro
cession with twenty mounted police im
mediately following. Rifle companies A
and B, under the command of Captain
Spillane, with the drum corps of the Po
lice Department, headed by Andrew Ben
son, gorgeously arrayed as T'ncle Sam,
formed just in advance of Casassa's band.
Immediately behind the band came
Grand Marshal Stephen V. Costello with
his chief of staff. Colonel A. A. Borlini.
Then came the cavalcade of aids under
the command of Albert W. Lehrke. the
chief of aids. There were about twenty
In this detachment, the others being de
tailed with the various divisions. This
was the complete formation of the first
three divisions of the parade and was
kept intact throughout the entire line of
march. Just ahead of Casass&'a band i
was Troop A, First Cavalry. X. G. <".. Un- :
der Captain M. Burnett. The troop pre
sented a fine appearance.
The Regulars Look Formidable.
It was the general comment along the
line of march that the regulars made, a
very formidable appearance. The infan
try was in light marching order, and the
three batteries of the heavy artillery also
acted as Infantry. The guns of the light
artillery excited great interest. This bat
tery is a historic one. It is the famous
Gregg's battery, and saved the day for
the American forces at the battle of Bu
ena Vista in the Mexican War. The three
battalions' of recruits, despite the fact
that they have not been long in service,
presented a fine appearance and are a
magnificent body of men.
That the parade moved so smoothly is
largely due to the efficiency of the aids,
who kept the various organizations well
closed up in the line of march. The band
of the Twenty-fourth played almost con
tinually throughout the march and their
music helped to keep up the spirits of the
troops, who wore somewhat fatigued by
their march in from the Presidio.
The fourth division, which was under
the direction of Marshal Thomas K. Dunn
and his aids. Dr. AY. o. Wilox and Phil
, \V. Hammersmith, was composed entirely
of carriages containing the officers of the
day and invited guests with M. Ritzau's
band in the lead. In the first carriage
wen Mayor Phelan. George R. Fletcher.
1 president of the day; Secretary Robert
i W. Dennis and \V. J. Herrin of the
Fourth of July committee. The next car
■ riage was graced by the presence of Su
; pervisora Kalben and Attrldge, Merton C.
Allen, (/Tatar of the day, and Committee
man James Devlin. Judye Lawlor and
Treasurer Truman were given seats in the
same conveyance with Supervisors Lack
| raann and Deasy. Judges Graham and
Treadwell were placed under the protect
i ing wings of (Vmmitteemen Flinn and
Platt. In another carriage rode State
Secretary C. F. Curry. Cnmmitt ••email
Fred Raabe, School Director Head and F.
Kgan, while immediately following them
came Dr. Clinton and Judge Mogan.
County cierk Deane, Superintendent of
Streets Martin Fragley, N. Blackstock
and Dr. R. \v. Payne were also Included
among in<. guests of the committee Sam
Danmnhauni. Ike Blum. Assemblyman
Kennedy and ex-Milk Inspector Dockery
coolly took possession <>f the carriage re
served for Messrs. Waish and Cassidv and
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the latter w*>re not In the parade, much
to tlu-lr regret.
The rear guard of the division was
brought up by carriages, in which were
th<=> members of the Consular corps as
follows: 11. Matsu. Japanese Consul, and
suite; A. de Trobriand, French Consul;
C. Calderon. Honduran Consul, and J. M.
Tindes, Costa Rican Consul.
The Mayor Takes a Short Cut.
When the divisioT-. swung: into position
in the parade on Market street the car
riage containing Mayor Phelan and party
was inadvertently left behind and waa
compelled to trail along after the fifth
division for a few blocks. The driver
made a short cut up Pine street from
Montgomery, however, and managed to
slip into his proper place In the line as
the procession moved along Kearny
street.
The fifth division was marshaled by
John O'Keefe, assisted by Captain F.
Warren and Lieutenant Cyrus K. Legr
gett. First came J. C. Coggln's band,
followed by the Independent Rifles, which
organization made a very creditable ap
pearance under the command of Captain
L. Schneider, First Lieutenant E. Moen
ing and Second Lieutenant John Staude.
Then came two carriages with the gray
haired veterans of the Mexican War,
while Just behind them came a half
dozen conveyances in which rode the he
roes of a younger generation, veterans of
the Spanish-American war, who are con
valescing at the United States Army Hos
pital at the Presidio. The wounded and
sick were the recipients of a great deal of
attention all along the line and one sol
dier with the side of his face almost cov
ered with bandages concealing an ugly
saber wound was the special object of
sympathy on the part of the women spec
tators. As the procession moved slowly
up the street a number of ladies, who
had come fully prepared to carry out their
part of the programme, threw showers of
flowers into the carriages among the in
valids. They were amply rewarded for
their thoughtful kindness by the smiles
that lighted up the faces of the soldiers,
black and white, who were the recipient*
1 of their favors.
The turnout of discharged veterans of
! the late war failed to materialize, chiefly
owing to the fact that a majority of the
veterans remaining in the city are also
Native Sons and preferred to march with
their parlors.
Cadets Make a Fine Appearance.
The sixth division, which was composed
entirely of the League of the Cross Ca
dets, under the command of Colonel "Wil
liam P. Sullivan Jr., made an excellent
showing. There were in the neighborhood
of a thousand cadets in line and their
erect military bearing and perfect align
ment was the subject of much favorable
comment by the admiring throngs of
spectators that crowded the sidewalks
along the line of march. Their marching,
too was almost perfect and their neat
uniforms set off their youthful figures to
the best advantage. Colonel Sullivan
swelled with pride as he sat astride his
charger at the head of the column and
he had ample justification, for the or
ganization of which he is the active head
was not the least figure in the big Fourth
of July parade. The cadets more than
fulfilled the expectations of their friends
and. in marching and military' bearing at
least, some of the regular troops mijrht
well take lessons from them. The ladies
especially appeared to have a soft spot
in their hearts for the manly, soldierly
looking young men and bays and such ex
pressions of approval as: "Aren't they
just too sweet?" "They're perfectly
splendid," "They march better than the
regulars," were heard on every' side.
At the head of the division rode Mar
shal C. A. Macomber, accompanied by
his aids, Charles Bliss and D. P. Lowney.
A short distance behind rode Colonel Sul
livan with his staff and field officers of
the regiment as follws: Lieutenant Colo
nel, Thomas F. Ryan; surgeon. Major Jo
seph G. Morrissey: adjutant, Captain
John P. Duffy: commissary. Lieutenant
i Joseph A. Watts; inspector. Captain Dan
iel J. McCarthy; quartermaster. Lieuten
ant Harry Mahony: major, First Battal
ion. Daniel C. McGloin: major. Second
Battalion, Daniel C. Deasy: major, Third
I Battalion. William H. McCarthy; adju-
t ant. First Battalion, John J. Crowley:
■ adiutant. Second Battalion, Frank Gon
i zaits: adjutant. Third Battalion. William
A. Kelly; assistant surgeon. Captain J. F.
Sullivan.
Close upon the h^els of the mounted of
ficers marched the regimental band and
! drum corps and between them the sixth
division was amply supplied with pa
triotic music of the latest brand, rendered
in the most approved fashion. After the
drum corps came the fifteen companies
in alphabetical order. First came Com
pany A. commanded by Captain William
c. Hopper and Second Lieutenant John
Long; then came Company B, commanded
by Captain J. T. Curley, First Lieutenant
Stanislaus Riley and Second Lieutenant
T. E. Gardner: Company C. Captain P.
L. Bannai: and First Lieutenant J. R. Mr-
Gee; Company D, Captain I. D. Dwyer,
First Lieutenant George Sullivan and
j Second Lieutenant V. Carroll; Company
K. Captain L. McCryston and First Lieu
tenant H. Malone: Company X, Captain
I M. F. Hynes. First Lieutenant J. H.
■■ Long and Second Lieutenant J. H. Shee
han: Company G. Captain William Dixon,
First Lieutenant William Trrry and Sec
ond Lieutenant James Toohey: Company
H Captain James Power, First Lieuten
ant J. Reegan and Second Lieutenant J.
Keating: Company T. Captain H. Power
and Second Lieutenant John McCarthy;
Company K. Captain J. H. Reilly and
Second Lieutenant Al Hanley; Company
L. Captain Frank Monaghan. First Lieu
tenant Frank Grimley and Second Lieu
tonant J. F. Meagher; Company M, Cap
tain A. S. Mclntyre; Company N, Cap
tain Frank Wyms and First Lieutenant
J Kennedy: Company O, Captain Joseph
Wesplear: Company R. Captain James
l'lynn. First Lieutenant Mark McCann
and Second Lieutenant Charles A. Flynn.
Tn.e Native Sons Out in Force.
Marshal A. K. Daggett, assisted by
I Fred Suhr Jr. and Walter T. Burke, di
rected the movements of the seventh
division, which contained many parlors of
the Native Sons of the Golden West and
also the various German societies.
First came Yon der Mehden's band, fol
lowed by Golden Gate Parlor nearly a
hundred strong, the members of which
were resplendent in. blue and yellow r .>
galia and yachting caps. Kach man car
ried a flag and held up the high standard
lof the organization. Following in their
; footsteps was Sequoia Parlor, similarly
attird. but with rod and white regalia.
The leautiful banners of both parlors.
mounted on pneumatic wheels, were
push d alone through the entire parade
and informed the watchers who they
were.
Next in line were the members of the
-~2
SOME MOVING SCENES OF A GLORIOUS FOURTH
Sao Francisco Vereln. They turned out
in large numbers and made a splendid
appearance. First came the Schuetsen j
section In neat uniforms and with a mili
tary leering. Next came the Turner sec
tion wearing hats adorned with varl
colorr-d ribbons and gray uniforms. The
young members of the organization who
formed the. rear guard wore white yacht
lag c:ips and marched in section, th» ;
members of each section carrying red, j
white or blue flags. A large wagon con- ;
tainlri? a number of little girls closed the :
division.
Then followed th« eighth division with
Its naty looking Turners, uniformed com
panies of Bchuetzen Vereins and many
hundreds of bright and healthy looking
boys and girl?, the former on foot ana ;
the latter In grayly decorated wagons.
At the head of the division rode Oscar
Hocks, its marshel. and John VWisse, his
aid. Following in their wake was
an excellent band piaying patriotic
airs. to which the marching men
kept fine time. Behind the band
were the members of the S. F. T. B.
drum corps. About a half hundred mem
bers of the San Francisco Vereln Schuet
zen section came next and attracted much
rinxiro, by their soldierly appearance. Cap
tain F. Attinger was in command of the
company and F. Kommer rind Joseph
Btraube were his lieutenants. The Turner
illowed ■was headed by Joe
Mi ;. ■ r and made a fine showing. The
athlete? were attired in their neat cos
tumes of gTay. which showed off their
figures to advantage. A large float with
the name of the society decorating ea-ch
pido and overhung with evergreens and !
THE BOYS AT MANILA.
'in his address at Metropolitan Temple yesterday Mayor Ph el an oeemed
to strike a sympathetic chord. Speaking of the late war with Spain and the
conditions it caused in this city, he salt!:
"•San Francisco was converted into a military camp, as many as iZo.OOO men
having- pitched their tents by the Golden Gate, and the very first regiment 01
them all mustered in was the First California, under the command of Colonel
James F. Smith. This San Francisco regiment was under the command of a
San Franciscan. Great as was his honor, it was soon to be magnified by tne
position given to our regiment among the expeditionary forces sent to the
Philippine Islands. Aboard the City of Peking, on the 25th day of May, it
was the first regiment to Bet sail from the United States for the purpose of
engaging a foe on foreign soil, and perhaps, ultimately, for foreign conquest.
• • • No one who witnessed the march of the First Regiment from the
Presidio to the wharf during the early morning preceding the day of depart
ure will forget the stirring scenes. Fathers, mothers, wives children
friends of the parting soldiers thronged the streets and chef-red the gallant
army. The love of country, devotion to the flag, pride In the heroism of our
townsmen moved the people beyond the description of words.
•'Our boys sailed away, and their first exploit In the mid-Pacific was to
seize the Ladrones. for years a possession of Spain, and tnere raise the Amer
ican flag— the first time that the flag was ever raised in the Pacific by au
thority of the Government.
"On their arrival at Manila Bay they soon engaged the enemy, and, alas,
many of our friends of yesterday fill heroes* graves to-day in that foreign land
-foreign no more, since their valor has consecrated it to freedom and
brought it under the protecting aegis of the United States.
"We find on the coat of arms of the city of San Francisco words (long
since Inscribed, but now the very voice of prophecy). 'Oro en paz. flerro en
euerra'-gold in peace. Iron in war. Happiness and plenty was the reward
of labor in this sunny land, fortitude and courage the characteristics of the
people when forced to the stern arbiterment of arms. This is the story of
San Francisco written upon its seal and completed by the glorious achieve
ments of the First California Regiment in this year of grace 1599. Just fifty
years after the discovery of the precious metals in our mountains the gold
of peace has been triumphantly transfused into the iron of war, and the writ
ten word has been fulfilled. ;' ■■■■-• ■■
"I saw the troops depart on that memorable day. bidding them a last fare
well on the deck of the City of Peking, and on the occasion of their return I
will greet them proudly In the name of the city they have honored by their
patriotism and valor."
bunting contained about fifty little chil
dren too young to walk and who derived
enjoyment living their flags at the gaz
in thousands. -The little ones were also
attired in their gymnasium suits and pre
sented a pleasing appearance. Nearly a,
thousand uniformed men and half that
number of citizens bearing the national
emblem composed the division.
The ninth division, headed by Marshal
A.doiph Becker and his aids, Antome
Klein Thomas Meyer, John Klndner,
Fred Kautz and J. Leffler, came next, va
rious additional sections of the herein
Eintracht constituting the bulk of tins
' 'First came A. Dijeau's band and the*
drum corns of the Verein Eintracht.
Then followed the Schuetzen section in
gray and green uniforms, with i.lack
plumes in their hats, under Lieutenants
Schmidt and Yon Hardwick. The Turner
section, under Commander Stahl, red
belt ■■!. in neat uniforms of light gray, was
followed by the junior members of tho
Verein Eintracht. The Mission Turn
Verein, known by its immense straw hats,
preceded the handsome float of the Ein
tracht. which represented Germania and
Liberty.
Novel Features of the Parade.
Next came one of the unique features
of the parade, the Columbia Park Boys'
Club, led by its drum corps. All were
dressed in natty black and white and
numbered fourteen sets of fours. They
received hearty applause all along tho
line of march." Tne youngsters did not
falter, but maintained their sturdy step
to the very end. In their footsteps came
the -small boys who form the Lodce of
the Golden Links, under the command of
their captain, Roy Douglas.
Between the ninth and tenth division*
were three prettily decorated carts, one,
a fancy little dog cart, was driven by Miss
Bon a McClemon. A companion cart,
unique in Us smallness and beauty, pro
ceeded by its Bide. Miss May Pettce di
rected the course of a diminutive pony
similarly harne^ed. Mr. Meyer, in hi 3
automobile, patriotically bedecked, at
tracted much attention and interest.
Marshal Dalzell, with Guido Almagia
and Frank Mignet as aids, led the tenth
division. Captain Olmo, with martial
tread and carrying a destructive looking
sword, marched proudly at the head of the
Garibaldi Guards. The red shirts of Jho
guards, which tell the story of Italian
liberty, formed a striking contrast with
the black of their uniforms. The officers
and veterans of the Garibaldi Benevolent
Association followed in carriages.
The Scavengers' Protective Union' all
of whom are Italians, turned out fully
300 of its members. Each man carried the
stars and stripes, and they entered into
the spirit of the occasion with as much
enthusiasm as full born Americans. Fol
lowing the Scavengers' Protective Union
boys was the Ranchers' Association. The
officers of the Ranchers' Association rode
in three carriages, and Immediately after
them came one of the prettiest floats in
the procession. The first float, a veritable
vegetable garden, was drawn by six mug
nificent white horses. The sides of the
float were constructed with sacks of po
tatoes, bunches of beets, turnips and car
rots. Two hundred and fifty members of
the Fishermen's Association followed the
Ranchers' Association. They wore blue
shirts and white straw hats encircled with
blue ribbons. Their float, a thirty-foot
boa! with its white sail thrown to* th <•
breeze, attracted considerable attention
The Royal Italian Guards, under com
mand of Captain Zita. came next In the
line of march. They wore bright red shirts
and red caps Following the Italian
Guards the automobiLe, drawing two pas
sengers, glided along the pavement as
smoothly as an electric car.
Gorgeous Chinese Display.
Next came the gorgeous display of the
Chinese, the splendor of which can be de
scribed in the ancient, but in this case
strictly appropriate, phrase as "truly
Oriental." The Celestials outdid them
selves In preparation and in execution. ]
Their fantastic banners of richest silk and
the brilliantly colored floats extended over
ten blocks. Chinese Consul Ko Vow stated
that the cost of the display was about
$10,000. Their division won the hearty
and well deserved applause from Its form
ation to the end of the line of march. All
the Six Companies, the military' and so
cial organizations of the Chinese of the
city, were represented.
'T J Kllleen acted as marshal, assisted
by L. C. Ratto. Martin Tlerney, R. U
Park C Dick and W. Fook as aids. At
the head of the first section cam© the
members of United Parlor, Native Bons of
the Golden State, in deoorated oarrlagros,
carrying the bear flag and the purple ban
ners" of the parlor.
Two Chinese beating enormous cymbals
proclaimed the approach of the imperial
standards, whose gorgeousnes of color
was rivaled by the elaborate attire or
their bearers. The black disjointed char
acters or the glittering coils of the dragon
stood f'Tth sharply on the deeply tinted
Bei orting those cam.' the Cell
euards two by two. bearing battle axes
and staffs surmounted with shining brass
insignia. A flout draped in dark red con
taining a dozen gayly dressed Chinese
youngsters whs followed by a line of
mounted children, whose faces, clad In
bushy black whiskers, peered about with
an t xpresßlon of ludicrous ferocity
Then came more puardp and hersKis,
with even more splendid banners, accom
panied by a body of fifty men. marching
in columns of fours, and following them
the resplendent float of the Tong
\ line of Mongolians In parti-col-
I ored vestments and peculiarly feathered
i headdresses preceded the shrill band of
i the Chinese Theater. The hideous dragon,
| with its enormous goggle eyes and flap
; ping ears, squirmed and colled its way in
i a most lifelike fashion through the
! streets. A body of spearmen, with wide,
flat hats, following closely in the rear,
lunged vicious stabs at the monster from
'. time to time. Fifty spearmen in grim
: black turbans and Tartar uniforms com
pleted the unique and extravagant display
of the Orientals. About twenty carriages
followed bearing the Chinese dignitaries.
Folowing the Chinese came the He
brew Orphan Asylum band, which headed
two hundred and fifty noisy delegates
I from the Newsboys' Union. Their laud-
I ed chief, Robbie Wall, and Max, the king
of the newsboys, led the patriotic youths.
The American District messenger boys,
commanded by Sergeant George Brown
and George Gottlng, and the San Fran
cisco District Telegraph messengers,
1 commanded by Captain Richard W. Pur
vis, marched next in line and gave vent
to their patriotic enthusiasm with fre
quent cheers all -along the line.
Last of all came a number of decorated
'•■ wagons, a handsome Japanese float in
| which several Japs amused themselves
< and the public firing off bombs that flew
■■ high in the air and bursting, released pa
per balloons in the form of horses, sheep,
; goats, etc.
Reviewed by General after.
The procession turned into Van Ness
avenue at 11 o'clock, but it was fully_half
ian hour later when the leaders." after
j countermarching at California street.
j passed in review before Major General
; Shafter on Van Ness avenue at Post
street. General Shafter presented an im
posing figure as ho . sat bestride his
charger, surrounded by his staff, consist
i ing of Majors Noble, Cosgrove, Green and
Gallagher and Captain Plummer. A de
j tachment of the Eighth Cavalry, forming
: the private escort, of the general, occu
pied a position directly In the rear of the
officers, while the official escort furnish
ed by the Fourth of July committee and
consisting of the signal corps of the Na-
I tional Guard was stationed on either
I hand.
As the battalion of police, who formed
i the advance guard of the procession,
reached the reviewing point it was de
i ployed to the side of the street near the
: general and his staff and stood at atten
] tion. As Grand Marshal Costello and his
I staff joined the party at this point, after
: going over the route of the parade, and
i Troop A of the National Guard, which
acted as escort to the grand marshal, took
its place along the side of the road. Colo
i nel Freeman, commanding the military di
' vision,, also joined his chief as his com
mand passed in review and remained with
! him until the parade dispersed.
A the various military bodies passed j
; the reviewing point the officers raised
their swords in salute to General Shaft i
the troops of cavalry likewise, the salu- i
tation being returned by the general. The
latter also punctiliously returned the sa
: lutes of such of the civilian organiza
; tions as bethought themselves of this
courtesy, but he reverently raised his
[ chapeau when the Mexican War veter
ans passed in front of him. and again
' when the wounded soldiers from the army
hospital saluted. General Shafter was a
clos< observer and every minute or so he !
turned to one of the officers at his side to
make some remark or comment on the I
| appearance of the marchers. The gorge
i ous costumes of the Chinese particularly
: appeared to strike his fancy and the little
| tots on the floats and the boys who
; struggled manfully to keep their ranks
I In the parade caused him to smile in an
approving manner.
The moment the last of the procession
: had passed on down Van Ness avenue
General Shafter and his staff, escorted
; by the Signal Corps.' set off at a brisk
• trot for Fort Mason and with one last
look at the brilliantly arrayed horsemen
; the crowd began to slowly disperse. The
1 big Fourth of July parade of 1599 was a
1 thing of memory.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
PATRIOTISM IN
WORD AND SONG
Metropolitan Temple Crowd
ed With Enthusiastic and
Country Loving
Citizens.
No end of enthusiasm was manifested
yesterday In Metropolitan Temple, in
' •which were held the literary exercises
!of the day's celebration. The literary
j committee, consisting of E. J. Banning,
E. W. Williams, B. Tarbox and T. Lyons,
j had spared no pains to make them at
! tractive. To make even intellectual en
i tertainment Interesting the surroundings
must be in keeping with the subject, and
; to this the committee gave special atten-
I tion. Around the galleries were shields,
; banners and drapings of the national col
i ors in softer shades than commonly em
ployed In large halls. From the celling
was suspended a swinging canopy with
ball of flowers attached. Above the ros
j trum was a star of hope and to the points
j hung more floral ornamentations. The
i rear was draped with American flags and
streamers.
Long before the hour scheduled for the
exercises to begin the entire seating ca
pacity of the large hall was taxed, and
even the big rostrum showed no space, for
! in addition to the officers of the day there
were the ladies of the McKenzie Musical -
Society. There was music, and plenty of
it, provided by Blum's orchestra and
band. At the first strains of "The Star
j Spangled Banner" President George R.
Fletcher motioned for the audience to
j arise, all standing in silence. As a fitting
1 conclusion the same piece was played,
j and by request the audience joined in the
: chorus with great feeling. As a whole,
It was a happy, patriotic occasion, which
will be long remembered.
Grand Marshal Stephen V. Costello
opened the exercises by introducing Presi
dent Fletcher, who after a few pleasant
remarks presented Mayor Phelan, stating
that this was the third occasion upon
which the gentleman had addressed the
people of the city on a national holiday
as the head of the municipal government.
Mayor Phelan was pleasantly greeted.
After complimenting the officers of the
day for the success with which they had
met, he said in part:
The sailing of the transports en May 25; IS9S.
was a momentous event In the history of the
United States. Out of the harbor of San Fran- i
A CHINESE ST. GEORGE AND HIS DRAGON.
ci=c<> went the troopships, carrying: the first ex- I
pedition Of armed forces evpr sent by the re- !
public to foreign lands <in a warlike mission.
The traditions of the pa*t were all opposed |
to it, but the exigencies of th" prevent Forced
a dej I'.rture from the established national pol- '
Icy. Ii is true that th»> country li:id been warn- .
in by th<> founders if the republic against for- i
eiirn '"nnections and pciH.Tssiuns, aiul had lievn
i to make the growth of the country con
tinental, absorbing, if necessary, from time to
time, contiguous territory, but suddenly the
conditions changed and the conduct of the
country verified the old classic apothegm, i
"Time.-' change and we change with tlvm."
.Mr. Pridian spoke of the conditions ;
which brought about the war with Spain,
the destruction of the Maine the victories '
mi land and f-^a of Uncle Bam' a warrior*
jmk] tin part played in the terrific tragedy :
itinns by the patriots of this city.
When M»»rton C. Allen, the orator of the i
day, was introduced to deliver the ora
tion he was welcomed by the most flat- 1
tering applause, for this native son is well j
and favorably known to the most of the |
people of this city, and the State, for that i
matter. He spoke of "the day we cele- !
lirate," the birtli of freedom, the fllg-ht of
years that has added preatness to the
nation and the patriotic devotion of Bev
enty millions of people to the flag that '
represents equal rights and the equality i
of all under its protecting folds and con
tinued:
I need not tell you, my fellow-citizene, that
the past year of our nation 1 * history has been I
made up of great events. It has been a year I
not only of blessings to the American people, !
but of momentous influence upon the thought
and governmental tendencies of all nations.
We have won great triumphs, but with them
have come to us new and serious responsibilities.
For the moment, however, we may be pardoned
an Indulgence In those feelings of pride and
gratification natural to the day and the occa
sion.
Weary Months oi War.
Weary months of war have cost us much In
blood and treasure. But the war, my fellow
oltlzena, has been worth far more than It has
cost. To the world It has been an object lesson
that can never be forgotten. New lessons have
been written upon the folds of the flat?, new
names added to the muster-roll of glory. Brave.
men have fallen, but the Maine has been
avenged, Spanish pride and arrogance has been
humbled, the Stars and Stripes float over Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines, humanity Is
to succeed oppression in those fair Islands of
the sea. and. please God. where the American
flag floats to-day over new territory, purchased
at the cost of American lives end treasure,
there it shall float forever, the emblem abroad,
as at home, of human liberty, and the ceaseless
guardian of the rights of those Island races
who are destined through American valor to
know and to appreciate the inestimable bless
ings of free government.
1 need not tell you of the deeds of a Pewey,
a Sampson and a Sen ley, of a Shafter. a Wheel
er, a Miles, a Lawton and a Roosevelt. No
words of mine can a H to the fame of the sol
diers and sailors of the republic who have thus
laM down their lives In the most sacred war of
history,
In all these glorious achievements California
has played her part. The voice of the Golden
State has been heard in the guns of the Olym
pia and the matchless Oregon, sound ships.
built by sound money and manned by sound
men. The pomp and glory of martial display
are as familiar to our eyes as the eternal,
blue of heaven's canopy over our heads. From
our midst went forth the first regiment of
regular troops bound for the death-dealing
swamp of Cuba. Not less prompt were the gal
lant sons of our own soil in responding to the
Presidential call for volunteers.
California's Grand Part.
Hardly had the ink tlm« to dry upon the
manifesto of our great commander before the
answer "Here!" rang down the line of Califor
nia's First Regiment, with gallant Colonel
Jim Smith at Its head. "For God and Coun
try" was their rallying cry, and deeply did It
touch the hearts of a great people.
With the American people the die is cast.
The Philippines must and will be retained. To
that sentiment the honor and faith of the na
tion are pledged, and, God willing, that pledge
will be kept. It Is the American people who
speak, anil by the side of that majestic voice
the criticism and Invective of a thousand Ed
ward Atkinsons will appear but as a whisper.
New occasions teach new duties; time makes
ancient jjood uncouth.
They must upward still and onward who would
keep abreast of truth.
With that sentiment aa our guide we may
face the unfolding years of the unknown future
without a fear. It will bring to us a remedy
tor every 111, while serving as a beacon light
of hope by which our ship of fate may steer (
to safe harbor. We have our problems at '
home and abroad, problems of labour and capi
tal, of men and of policy, but over us watches
with kindly eye the God of nations, and In our j
hearts we know that all Is well.
The New America.
Upon the future 1 cast the eye of faith -and !
hope. The new America is at hand, clad in all j
the. brightness of a Bummer's morning;. We \
face a gateway of promise, and as wealth, \
hitherto hidden from view, flashes in our faces, ,
we can hear the heartbeat of progress as upon :
the wings of heaven. There Is music In the
air. the music of the new and better dawn.
It is borne on the breath of the morning and
repeated in the -sighing breezes of the twilight.
The message is oil cheer, of gladness and of in
spiration. Our hearts are uplifted, and as we
stand with heads upraised, In the reverence
of the solemn hour, we salute —
A flag that hangs over my threshold, whose j
folds are more dear to me
Than the blood that thrills In my bosom Its •
earnest of liberty.
The concluding- remarks of the orator of ;
the day wore In tribute to the noble part
taken by the women of the nation in the !
late war and present troubles in the Phil
ippines and, he said, especially deserving- '
of reverence are the ladles of the Red !
Cross, who, as nurses In the fields of
battle and/providers for the soldiers at i
homo, have won the everlasting: gratitudes I
of citizen and warrior alike.
A GATHERING
OF THE CLANS
Scottish Thistle Club Holds 1
Its Annual Picnic and
Games at Shell
Mound.
More than 5000 people assembled yester
day at Shell Mound Park to witness th«
seventeenth grand annual gathering and j
games of the San Francisco Scottish j
Thistle Club. The grounds were prettily
decorated with many flaps and ensigns i
floating from masts over the grand stand.
In the great crowd were a number of
mcml era in Highland costumes, the hand- i
somest being that which was worn by j
Hugh Fraser, who, on display, was i
awarded the first prize.
The greatest interest was manifested by
all in the games, thirty-seven in number,
which were started at 10 o'clock in tho
morning and were continued without In- j
terruption until 7:30 o'clock in the even- i
ing.
The events which" attracted the greatest ;
amount of attention were the pole vault- :
ing under the P. A. A. rules., the bicycle
races and the cake walk and Irish jigs,
while some of the exceedingly pretty f^a- |
tures were the sword dance, the reel ;
o' Tulloch, by adults and by juveniles, and
the Highland fling. Frank Butner and
Margaret Cronin, two little tots, made a
hit In the cake walk and were awarded
second prize.
The following was the programme of
events, together with the names of the
winners of each event.
Quoits— First, Alex Strang, 29; second, James
Laurie. 9; third. Robert Jardine, 6.
Boys' race 'handicap), 18 years and under-
First, Me. McDorvjugh; second, P. McDonough;
third, H. Logue.
Girls' race (handicap). 15 years and under-
First, Maggie Moter; second, Mabel Cody;
third. A. HeDonouKb.
Standing high heap-First, J. Murphy; sec
ond, J. Pexmuth: third. T. Carroll.
Putting heavy stone- First. T. Carroll; sec
ond, Hal V.-stal; third, Al Lean.
Putting light stone (for active members only)
—First, G. M. Tevendale, 34 feet 74 Inches;
second. J. A. Cameron. 34 feet 4 inches; third.
J. R. Ross. 28 feet 5 Inches.
Throwing heavy hammer -First, T. Carroll,
liH feet; second, J. A. Cameron, 89Vi feet;
third, H. Vestal. 88 feet.
Throwing light hammer (for active mem
bers only)— First, J. A. Cameron, 111 feet; sec
ond, G M. Tevendale. ?? feet. 10 Inches; third,
A. Sharp, 87 feet, 1H Inches.
Hop. step and jump or hop. hop ana Jump-
First. J. Murphy, 40 feet, iy, Inches; second
A . L»an. 36 feet. 11 Inches; third. J. Sexsmith
36 feet 6*2 Inches.
Rest dressed boy in Highland costume— First
R. Ross.
Best dressed man In full Highland costume—
First. 11. Fraser; second. N. Lindsey.
Best dressed man in plain Highland costume
—First. .1. McDonald; second, G. Brnwn; third
A. Met 'aw.
Mile rac for amateurs (under the supervi
sion of the P. A. A.)— First prize, j?.,ld medal
second prize, gold and silver medal' third
prize, silver medal — First. George Klarman
!. G. Prawn; third. M. I-. Esplnosa
Old men's race— First, C. Douglas; second C
If. Brown; third, David Held.
Grand Hijchland reel (for men>— First
Qeorge W. Patterson; second, Adam Ross.
Hitch and kick— First. J. Murphy, S feet 3
Inches; second, J. Sezsmith. s Veef third
Thomas Carroll, 7 feet 10 inches.
Running high leap— First. J. Murphy, 5 feet
3 inches: second, Al Lean, 5 feet 2 inches:
third, Thomas Carroll, i> feet.
Sword dance for men— First, P. D. Flndley;
second, Robert Ross; third, A. llrt'aw.
Reel o' TnUoeh for lads and lassies (cash
pTize to each— Velma Marlland. Hazel Nelson.
Edith Lane. Ruby Lane, Fred Nelson R. Rosa
P. Allen. Bessie Allen. Hazel Allen.
Tossing the caber-First. T. Carroll. 36 feet
4 inches; seoond, J. Cameron 3." feet §H inches
third. H. Vesta t, IS feet <•>•), inches.
Highland fling for men In costume— First.
George W, Patterson; second. A. Ross; third,
A. McCaw.
Young ladles' race— First. Kitty McMahon:
second, Eunice Coady; third, Hauls Jones.
Married ladles' race— First Mrs. N. Byrne;
second, Mrs. A. Davidson; third, Mrs. Agnes
Crystal; fourth, Mrs. J. Murphy.
Vaulting with pole for amateurs (under su
pervision of P. A. A.); first prize, gold medal;
second prize gold and silver medal; third
prize, silver medal— First, D. Finn, 9 feet 10
inches, won by 10 inches handicap; second, 11.
Irwln; third, S. Simpson.
Reel o' Tulloch for men in costume— P.
D. Flndley; second. George "W. Patterson; third,
A. Me' 'aw.
Bicycle race (two miles)— First, O. Wyman:
second, J. S. Brereton; third, P. Valentine,
Time. 6:04.
Sailors' hornpipe In costume— Exhibition by
Professor Flnley.
Race for active members only (twice around
the track)— R. H. Murry; second, A.
Ross; third, P. Riddle.
Football dribbling race, first prize grold
medal (to be won three times In succession) —
First, J. McGregor; second, C. Williamson;
third. J. Smith.
Irish Jig and reel dancing (for Irish only), no
member of the club allowed to act as Judge —
First, John Keane and Miss A. Cavanagh; sec
ond. J. J. Foley and Pearl Hickey; third, John
Monahan and Julia Maloney.
Race for ship apprentices First. F. Keogh;
second, O. Heriot; third. A. Nordman. All
from the United States ship Philadelphia.
Bicycle race (one mile.)— First, G. Wyman;
second, J. S. Brereton; third, P. Valentine.
Time, 2:p9'4.
Cnke walk contest (for everybody)— First.
J. Stewart and Kate Bedie; second, Frank
Butner and Margaret Cronln; third, Louis Bar
ney and Kmma McKay.
Three-legged race— First, G. S. Thompson and
A. McCaw; second, A. Kelly and J. Dal ton;
third. F. Wilson and J. Daly.
Sack race (hurdle)— First, L. Haselbacher;
second, J. Ahearn; third, R. McAllister.
Obstruction race (twice around the track)—
A DREAM OF EMPIRE.
The drooping banner drapes the staff.
No motion in the starry night,
Nor sound, except a distant laugh,
Where guard-matea wake before the
flght.
The soldier sleeps, his bosom bare,
His rifle at his fingers' tips;
Bend low among the bivouac there
And listen at the parted lips.
Faint syllables escape that tell
What fancies In his slumber thrive:
He reigns, a Hastings, splendid, fell.
He breathes the lordly name of Clive.
He rides the huddled tribesmen down,
And piles the red, Insatiate steel,
He takes the trench, he fires the town.
Nor halts till conquered foemen kneel.
Turn from the soldier, let him dream.
God shield him when he sleeps and
wakes :
Beyond the broad Pacific Stream
A statesman sits, as daylight breaks.
His couch, neglected, waits his head,
But ampler vision* fill his brain;
He sees a palace by the bed,
A world across the counterpane.
Lo, subject peoples bear him glfta
And serve upon his kingly state;
The equare Its myriad voice uplifts,
And halls him good as well as great.
The free man Is his brother's peer.
Neither a master nor a thrall,
And freedom Is not now and here,
But always, everywhere, for all: ■
July 4. 189». EUSTACE CTLLINAN.
First. F. Wilson; second. R. McAllister; third,
J. McDonald. _ _
Games committee race— First. Oeorgs W.
Peterson; second, A. Malcom MoLane.
The following constituted the several
committees:
Game*- John Roes, chairman: George W.
Paterson, secretary; John Smith, James Law
rence, James Baxter. W. A. Dawson, J. R.
R>??, Andrew Ross, D. Toung. Malcolm Mc-
I-*nn. _ __
Reception— John Smith, chairman, H. Fraser.
W. Orant, R. H. Murray. J. Swan, H. Duncan.
A Ross, W. D. Chalmers. R. Pollock, D.
Pollock. T Christie, A. Nicholson. J. Nlven,
A Strangr A. Sharr. P. Keith. J. R. Watson,
X Campbell. A. Clelland. R. F. Wilson.
Literary— Alex Strang, John McDonald. David
Pollock. _, _,
Finance— Robert Murray John Swan. P. D.
Flndlay.
Club Plpero— Nell Lindsay. J. McDonald. A.
Ross>, Duncan Fraser.
Finance Committee on Games — John Smith,
Andrew Ross, John R. Ross.
Official Starter— John Donaldson.
Official Judge— W. A. Dawson.
Floor Manager— Peter Riddle.
Assistant Floor Manager— John Swan.
Floor Committee— D Pollock. D. Brown. A.
Young-, TV. Murray, Alex Strang. W. Grant.
HIBERNIANS AT
SAN RAFAEL
A Crowd of Picnickers Listen
to Patriotic Addresses
at Schuetzen
Park-
Hibernians, ever patriotic, enthused with
the love of country, more with the love
of freedom, crowded Schuetzen Park yes
terday from the farthest glen to the
gates. Early in the day the first train
bearing Its load of pleasure seekers
stopped before the park gates, but the
big crowds awaited the passing of the pro
cession In the city before starting for the
picnic, planned and directed by the An
cient Order of Hibernians of America.
The early crowds went out "under the
trees and lunched and then joined in the j
games. Then they danced until along in
the afternon, when It was announced that
City and County Attorney Franklin K. >
Lane would deliver the day's oration.
Mr. Lane and Judge Cooney, who was
to Introduce the orator of the day, were
escorted to the stand by the band, which
rendered "The Wearing -of the Green." In
introducing Mr. Lane Judge Cooney first i
asked the attention of the crowd, and then
said that he, as well as his brothers, was
proud of the demonstration in sympathy
of the spirit which actuated the Ancient
Order of Hibernians fittingly to commem
orate Independence day. «83ai
"We are all nationalists," he said, "and :
not one of us here to-day but would fight ,
for Old Glory, and again, should the tide
of time so turn that the struggle would
avail, they would tramp in the line of bat
tle to free their mother country. Old Ire
land. In foreign lands to-day the Celtic |
soldier plods his way across the fields and I
stands shoulder to shoulder fighting splen
did battle with others who claim no al
legiance with any flag but the stars and
stripes, and with the ending of each day's
strife this Celtic soldier has taught a les- :
son to the rising generation of his blood—
the lesson that liberty to all is more pre
cious than life to the few. Though it
seems like oppression, this war in the
Orient is not. It is but a war to teach
the natives of the eastern isles the true
worth of liberty, when they know liberty |
under the direction of the Declaration of
Independence, as they will know it when
the insurrection is crushed."
When the applause had subsided Judge
Cooney Introduced Mr. Lane, who said:
Nine years ago I went to Virginia and looked
upon the tomb of the man who "rote the
Declaration of Independence. On the tomb ;
were engraved the simple words "Thomas
Jefferson, " than followed that he was the writer
of the one treat Instrument of liberty. I
would rather have those words engraved upon |
my tomb than to lie in that magnificent i
mausoleum of craven marble that hides the I
body of the great Napoleon or to rest beneath
the golden tombs of the Czars. AlthougTi
Thomas Jeffersi-n was the founder of a great
political party was known throughout his llf»
in the world of diplomacy and state, Uiess
things have almost been forgotten In the mem
ory of the work of his pen. that work which
freed a nation and dmpied the fetters of op
pression from the net ks of 3.000,000 people.
Turning from this sti ry to the deeds of men,
you all know tLut the first men to take up
arms In the revolution, the war of freedom.
«»rv the sons of Ireland. The army under
Washington was Irish in the majority, as hay«
been the armies that have fought this country'}
battles since and are lighting them now; an 4
one of the reasons that Ireland Is not now fre*
is that this country has drawn away its brain
aril brawn and insufficient men remain to
shoulder the great burden of suooasiful battle
against English oppression.
Again, on ar.other line. I want to fay that
I am an expansionist with liberty, and I glorf
In the results of our late war and th« war of
th^ present, but with that of the present let
the spirit of freedom ever lead the troops and
let tliem gain strength that on the swinging
or their swords they are but bulldlnf a way
to plant the seeds of liberty as we have known
it ur.l;r the Declaration ">r Independence.
The crowd at the picnic -was the largest
of th« season, fully 4000 people passing the
holiday at the park. This success was not
all flue to the day, either, the Individual
members of the committees being entitled
to most of the credit. The committee*
having the picnic in charge follow:
County Board Officers— P. J. McCormlck.
county president; J. P. Henry, county vto«
president; E. J. Hannon, county secretary;
J. J. Donohue, county treasurer; Rev. D. O.
Crowley, chaplain.
Picnic— Judge M. Cooney. chairman; J. J.
Donohue, vice chairman; Dr. Charles J. Mo-
So mused the Macedonian Kin; ■i * ,i
Before the teeming Persian plain; fc
Bo Caesar gave ambition wing i
And nursed the thought of Roman j
reign.
Oh dream of empire. In thy spell _
Behold enraptured nations lie! J
Oh lust of 'power that will not dwell
At home, beneath a quiet sky. V
m
We dream of empire and are strong V
To take and keep: what scruple then m
Or timid talk of right and wrong • i
Deters us? Are we backward men? I
1
Ay, backward: when the forward way "'
Crosses a trampled people's right — 7
Ay, backward! rather than astray — &
Ambition blinds: we crave the light. -.
k
Oh for a bugle note to rouse -_
Dead Warren and his minute men! t
Speak, Franklin, from the Narrow '
House, I
Bold 6lgner, hero of th« pent &
This flay, this crisis, need thy vole*, '
This day, this crisis, need thy vole*. fc
Declare again for liberty; 7
Determine now the patriot's choice, "
And bid Two Nations still be free! . .-n
' \*j ~~ fa
Two Nations? Ay, for serf and lord f
Are neither free: one's hands are bound, 4
The other's mind; a freeman's sword ■»
Ever on Freedom's side is found. j
Carthy, secretary; J. P. Henry, treasurer
Reception— Rev. D. O. Crowley, J. J. Dono
van, E. I. Sheehan, J. P. Henry, P. Broderlclc
P. J. McCormick, F. Conklin, C. B. Flanagan'
B. Lee. M. J. Manning. T. Norton, M. Fitz
gerald. F. Boland, M. Donohue. D. Fltzpatrlok
E. O'Connor. T. R. Bannerman. J. Kenny, M
C. Gorham, A. Sheehan. T. P. Crowley Capl
tain Mellott, J. P. Dignan J. J. Donohoe, J.
J. Meehan, M. Coor.ey. J. S. McCormack Cap
tain J. Sheehy. J. O'Gara, J. Murphy. Captain
Casey. J. H. O'Brien. William Hannon Ter
ence Clancy. M. Duane, M. J. Wrin and M X
Dunleavy.
M. F. Sullivan, floor manager.
John P. Henry, assistant floor manager.
Flo or— James Smith, John P. Dlgnan John
OHrien. Eugene McCoy, Frank Conklin, Rob
en ShepMon. Ed Nolan, James Barry, William
Shaughneesy.
Games Committee— E. J. Hannon. M Dunn*.
M. Donohue. T. Norton. M. Fitzgerald T.
Ward. J. J. Donohue, M. E. Sullivan, J. J.
Barry.
FIREWORKS DISPLAYS.
In the evening the pyrotechnic displays
attracted thousands of patriotic enthu
siasts, who* In spite of wind and fngr,
journeyed out to the various places se
lected by the Fourth of July Committee
for these exhibitions, and also to Glen
Pnrk, where the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs had arranged quite
an elaborate programme consisting of
fireworks in the open and dancing In the
free theater.
An overhead fog and a bracing west
wind were the accessories of the exhibi
tion In the vacant lot just east of the
Chutes. About 3000 people had gathered
to pee the Phow, and half of that number
hugged the leeward side of the Chutes
fence, for the breeze was cold that blew
from the salt sea.
There were rockets and bombshells ga
lore, but most of the brilliant meteoric
displays and showers of gold were in
visible in the midair tog, but such as es
caped the gloom ami were wafted gently
down into view were very pretty.
At Washington Park the crowd num
bered more than 5000 people.
Another big crowd assembled at the old
baseball grounds at the corner of Six
teenth and Folsom. There was no fog in
the Mission t interfere with their full
enjoym.nt i I pyrotechnics, and they
gazed in rapt admiration at the dazzling
lights which resulted from the bursting
of hundred of shells in midair until the
supply or lireworks had been completely
exhausted.
The 2000 people who went out to Glen
Park tscaped the fog also, but the air
was quite cool.
get pieces representing Admiral Dewey
and the flagship Olympia. which were the
features of all the exhibitions, excited
great applause, and the patriotic enthu
departed satisfied, notwithstanding
fog and wind and cold.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
lOt Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the oceun.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 Actions of the Just
Smell Sweet"
Tne fragrance of life is vigor And
strength, neither of <which can be found
in a person whose blood is impure, and
whose every breath speaks of internal
troubles. Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies
the blood and makes the weak strong.IN SAN FRANCISCO AND ITS NEAR-BY RESORTS
GREATEST
OF MARIN'S
CARNIVALS
San Rafael's Share in
the Nation's Anniver
sary Jubilee.
Thousands Attracted to the
Suburban City Across the
Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN RAF ABU July 4.— Th© biggest
and moat successful Fourth of July cele
bration ever held In Marln County is a
thing of the past, and those actively con
cerned In making It what it was, especial
ly the Native Sons, are receiving congrat
ulations on all sides. Over 10,000 persons
■witnessed the various features of the cele
bration, and all united In the opinion that
the affair was worthy of any city In the
State.
At 10 o'clock occurred the grand street
parade. The precession formed on Fourth
and E streets, and. with Grand Marshal
Herzog at the head, passed down to Grand
avenue, thence to Palm avenue,, through
the Hotel Rafael grounds to Irwin street.
thence to Mission street, thence to De
Ileiry street, to Fifth street, to Bay View
and counter marched on B street to
Fourth and to the opera house, where the
review occurred.
Closely .-'.lowing the grand marshal and
his lids, of whom Lewis Hughes was
chief, came the float bearing- Miss Bertha
Kappenmann, the Goddess of Liberty and
Mips Florence Blumenthal. who filled the
role of Eureka. Next in the line of march
were the Veteran Firemen of San Fran
cisco, who were assisted In hauling their
time-honored engine by many fair maids.
There were four floats in all. That of the
Foresters represented Dewey's flagship, the
Olympial mounted on four stars symbol
izing Cuba. Porto Rico, Hawaii and the
Philippines*. The Knlehts of Pythias and
the Young: Men's Institute were repre
sented by floats. Three of these were de
signed by Charles Tidball.
One of the unique features of the pa
rade was a jinrikisha loaned by the Ti
voli Theater, drawn by a man dressed to
represent a Japanese, and bearing' Mar
guerite and Dorcas; the two little daugh
ters of \V. S. Dreypolcher. Tills novel ve
hicle was guyly decorated and on the back
support perched a huge stuffed eagle,
whose wings were outstretched protect
ingly over its tender charges. The deco
ration of the .: ik'.sha was. the work of
the children's mother and her creation
captured a prize.
Four bands took part in the march — the
Richardson's band of Sausalito, the St.
Vincent's Orphan Asylum band, the Vet
eran Firemen's band and the San Rafael
band. George 7 larding' s Darktown fire
brigade was wedged in between two of
them and afforded a deal of amusement
by spraying one another and the crowd.
About 2500 people participated in the
parade and it required thirty minutes to
pass a given point. The Native Sons
formed the largest single feature, the
Pausalito and Nicasio Parlors uniting with
San Rafael.
Immediately following the parade liter
ary and musical exercises were held in
the San Rafael Opera House, consisting
of an overture by Richardson's band;
opening remarks by Hon. F. M. Angel
lotti, president of the day; a vocal selec
tion, "The Star-Spangled Banner," by
Miss Rose Caesar; a patriotic oration by
Hon. Frank L. Coombs, and "America"
by the audience. Following these exer
cises the St. Vincent Orphan Asylum band
serenaded Miss Kappenmajin and Miss
Blumenthal at their homes. Miss Kap
panmann was serenaded in the evening
also by the Veteran Firemen's band.
At 1 p. m. a picnic and dance began at
San Rafael Park. Races and games for
prizes afforded entertainment to all who
attended.
Beginning at 8:30 o'clock In the evening
a magnificent pyrotechnic display was
given east of the broad gauge depot, un
der the supervision of W. S. Dreypolcher.
A representation of Old Glory and the
bear flag crossed, and one of Admiral
Dewey, caused an outburst of enthusiasm
that made the. hills echo and re-echo.
All th • narrow gauge trains ran on Sun
day time, and a special broad guage train
at 10:30 p. m. took most of the visitors
back to Ban Francisco and Oakland. A
crowded special departed for Cazadero
and way stations on the narrow gauge at
10 o'clock.
QUIET AT LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— ln contrast to
the patriotic fervor which one year ago
characterized the calibration of the
Fourth of July by the people of Los An
gH.-s, the public observance of the 123 d
»rsary of the independence of the
Vnited States to-day was of a most quiet
and unostentatious character. Trains to
the several beaches were crowded from
early in the morning until lato at night,
the Santa Monica trolley service currying
nearly 3000 passengers to the bicycle races
and other attractions at that resort.
There was no parade of the Seventh
Regiment, N. G. C, owing to the fact that
the several companies are an yet une
quipped. The city was generally dec
orated and Broadway and Spring street
are ablaze with flags and bunting. Many
business houses made elaborate displays
of the national col rs.
Exercises were held at Hazard's Pavil
ion, Captain I". J. Creasy being chairman.
This evening there was an elaborate dis
play of fireworks at West Lake Park.
CAKEWALK AT PLACERVILLE.
PLACERVIT-LK, July 4.— Notwith
standing that the day was celebrated at
•ma, Green Valley and
Valley, in this county, a large
throng of visitors joined In the celebra
tion h<-re. The procession was an exceed
ingly large one. Plaeerville Post G. A. R.,
Iges, parlors of the Native
and Native Daughters of the Gold
on West, the fire companies and the Uni
formed Rank. Knights of Pythias, turned
out in full force. Finn. C. A. Swisler was
president of the d:iy, Prentiss Carpenter
orator and Mary Vlgnaut reader of the
Declaration of Independence. The entire
on and evening were occupied In
games and :!mt:s<>mf>nts, the most inter
esting being the races between hose cart
teams of the three fire companies and a
competitive cakewalk by colored people
if Sacramento and El Dorado counties.
Games at Watsonville.
WATSON July 4.— Watsonvill©
celebrated the national holiday under the
auspices of the Young Men's Christian
Association. Dr. Buck of Santa Cruz de
livered the oration. The Declaration of
independence was read by Mrs. White.'
Rev. Rich delivered the prayer. "Tha
Star Spangled Banner" was sung by Miss
Pearl Kevins. The "Watsonvllle Band
played several patriotic pieces. Blcyela
races, games and amusements were the
order of the day.
NATAL DAY
GAYETY AT
SACRAMENTO
Best Celebration Ever
Held in the Califor
nia Capital.
Nevada City Soldiers in Pa
rade After a March of
Seventy Miles.
Special Dispatch to Ttie Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 4.— The Fourth of
! July celebration which closed to-right was
j one of the most successful ever held In j
I Sacramento. From morning until late at
i night there was always something to en
-1 tage the attention of the people, and nut
! an hour passed but It was marked by
: some patriotic feature. The day op< ned
cool and beam if ul, the weathri proving
a delightful release from the hot spell
which has prevailed for some days
throughout the valley. Cannonading
marked the approach of day and desig
nated the hour when the procession was
to start.
The parade was novel in many pariicu
lars. Some of the more prominent fea
tures of the line were the military com
pany which had marched seventy mile*
In a broiling sun from Nevada City in
' order to join In the <"apital Citv'3 celebra
! tion; the local lodge or Elks, drawing af- ;
I ter them an immense float representing
; a mantel cioek of deep purple color,
■. trimmed with gold and with the face dcs
! ignating the Elks' hour of 11 o'clock; the
I Native Sons and Daughters of the Golden
West, the former attired in suits of im
maculate duck and carrying snowy para
sols, and the Native Daughters riding in
carriages that were exquisitely bedeck) d
with masse? of colored textiles and
bright flowers; the Commercial Travelers,
over 100 strong, each carrying a grip or
uniform size and a parasol, and each full
to the brim. with enthusiasm: iloats rep-!
ing the Olympia and Mi rrimac and
manned by you . ■ • ireii In becorn- |
ing fashion; a living- flag with the i
formed of several scores of school chil- !
drep. marching abreast hand in hand.
Some of the equipages in lino were most
attractive. One was a cart covered with
flowers and driven by Mrs. Homer Buck
tnan. Another, a vision of light blue ef- ■
was a tandem turnout, in which
seated Miss Flora Meister and Mis.-?
Edna McClatchy.
Literary exercises followed the parade,
the orator of the day being Superior j
■ Gaddis of Woodland. These were
w.--d by daylight fireworks at Capitol
| Park, witnessed by an immense crowd,
i and the butchers' picnic at Agricultural |
i Park, at which there were horse races, a :
1 barbecue, a speed contest between steera
I and a chase by innumerable Juveniles :
; after a bra - •■- The picnic '
was in every sense enjoyable and the
i brawny butchers had no end of fun.
The came of ball between the Gilt!
Edges and San Francisco, in which the
former walloped the latter, added to the j
delectation of the populace.
To-night the dizzy whirl which the town
experienced was climaxed by a pyrotech
nic display and open air concert at Capl
; tol Park, lighting up the stately outlines
i of the Capitol and making the air radiant
j and musical by turns. All around, the
1 Fourth of July was a noteworthy on^, and
; the several thousand visitors from out- i
?i'le places were charmed with the variety ;
of entertainment offered.
BEARS DID NOT FIGHT.
BAKERSFIELD, July 4.— Much enthu
siasm was manifested here to-day at the
celebration and the town was crowded
with ranchers and cowboys. The festivi
ties consisted of a parade, speaking, rac
ing and general athletic sports. Senator
B, C. Smith was orator of the day. It was
to have a bear fight at Athletic
Park, but it did not take place. The ex
ise was made that the- officers would
not permit it, but many insist that it was
a scheme to attract people to the park
and get 50 cents admission, that it was
not intended to hay* the fight. This
feature of the celebration was unfavor
ably commented on both by the visitors
and townspeople.
The days pleasure wound up with a
grand ball and display of fireworks.
: ig took place op a large platform
i at the Junction of Nineteenth
■ and Chester avenue. Both Mojave
and Kenevlll" in this county celebrated.
The day passed off without an accident.
Parade in Auburn.
AVBTTtN, July 4.— Tt was exceptionally
pleasant to-day and everything pertaining
to the celebration of our natal day went :
off without a hitch. The procession i
formed at the station and marched to the ;
oth"*- end of the town and counter
marched to the opera-house, where exer
cises were held. Miss Mao West as God
dess of Liberty had for her maids of
honor Mabel McCormiok, Mlbs (.'amp,
Mary Fulton and Mildred Stevens. Cap
tain Radcliffe represented "Uncle Sam."
J. H. Lindsay "Washington Crossing the
liflaware" and Miss Borland and Miss ]
Waugh "Prosperity." The oration was j
delivered by El wood Bruner and Miss ,
Eleanor Meredith recited the Declaration |
of Independence without notes. Ex-Dis- i
trict Attorney L. L. Chamberlain presided. |
The parade was marshaled by Captain J. |
A. Predom. The miners' drilling contest:
was« won by Henny and Hanson In the j
»a ;ind Henny in singles. In doubles
chea was made In fifteen minutes
and in singles Henny made 4Vs inches in
five minutes. The festivities closed with
a mammoth outdoor dance on the plaza.
The Day at Hueneme.
VENTURA, July 4.— The people of this
y united in a grand celebration of
the Fourth at Hueneme. The town was
attired i:i red. white and blue. Some
5000 p< rsons were in attendance. The pro
gramme of the day included the rending
of the Declaration of Independence by F.
L. Falrbank, a patriotic oration by Hon.
B. T. Williams, songs by school children
be reading of an original poem by
Mrs. M. E. Dudley. Music: was rendered
by the Nordhoff and Hueneme bonds. A
grand basket picnic was held on the beach
and there was dancing in the warehouse
during the afternoon. Another feature
w.ip the athletic sports. In the evening
there was a display of fireworks. A grand
! ai! concluded the festivities.
Sports nt San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, July 4.— San Dlego'« cele
bration took the "form of excursions and
sports. Five thousand people went to La i
Jolla. where a programme of swimming
and boat races was carried out. being pre- j
ceded by a thirteen-mile road race, of
which Arie Hover was the winner in flftv
minutes, the Blow time being due to bad
roads. Another large party went to Lin
wood Grove, where Company B, Seventh 1
Regiment, gave an exhibition drill. At i
Coronado there were horse races, and in i
the evening a large lawn party at the
hoteL 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
FAIR SEX
CONDUCTS
THE FETE
Novel Fourth of July In
novation Witnessed at
Hollister.
Women in Charge of Every
Feature oT the Natal-Day
Celebration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
©4--f-f + 4- + + -f4- + + + -*->- + + ®
♦ ♦
+ HOLLJSTER, July 4.— Miss Kate ♦
-♦• Indart, one of the aids to the grand ♦
4- marshal, performed a heroic act +
4- during: the parade this afternoon. +
■♦ Morgan's Hotel team became un- +
-♦- manageable at the depot and bolted -♦•
■f- straight for an approaching train. +
+ Miss Indart, mounted on a magnift- +
+ cently reined animal, dashed for- 4
-- ward, caught one horse by the +
4- bridle and forced it to a standstill. +
4- Troop C was about to embark for 4
-- Salinas and loudly cheered th© in- 4
-- trepid young lady. 4
+ ♦
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
HOLLISTER. July The celebration
to-day was the grandest in the history
of Ulster. The entire affair was in the
hands of women, and the fair sex fully
demonstrated its ability in this line. The
festivities commenced on the arrival of
the excursion train from Salinas, carry
ing Troop C of the National Guard and
military band.
The civic parade was an illuminated pa
geant, surpassing In grandeur anything
heretofore attempt here. Fourteen
floats were in line, representing as many
different orders. The parade was mar
shaled by Mrs. R. E. Shaw, assisted by
the Misses Ada Castle, Katie Indart, L.
Moore and Alice Jean, all superbly
mounted. The Goddess of Liberty was
personated by Miss Lottie Lathrop. A
feature of the parade was the mingling
of blue and gray, two scores of ex-Con
federates being cheered along the line
while marching with Reno Post of the
Grand Army of the Republic. The orator
of the day was Miss Sadie Garner, vice
principal of the Hollister School.
The afternoon sports were conducted by
the ladies and each event came off
promptly at the advertised time. These
included a 200-yard hose race, won by the
Wideawakes No. 2 in 42**» seconds.
The "Horribles" were made up solely
by the society ladies of the town, and
they scored heavily in their hits on promi
nent characters. The ladies also con
ducted a museum of living wonders, with
all accompanying "spielers." Twelve
hundred people paid the admission price.
Not an accident occurred to mar the
pleasure of the day.
To-night- the town was brightly illumi
nated and thousands of people thronged
the streets, watching the display of tire
works. Wells Opera-house was crowded
with dancers, the ball opening with a
grand march and Cakewalk by society
leaders.
FIRES AT MARYSVILLE.
Miscreants Touch Off a Display in a
Shop Window.
MARTSVTLLE. July 4.— The fire bell
lent its tones to the boom of the small
boys' cannon to usher in Independence
day !n Marysville. At 10 o'clock last
evening a blaze was located on the roof
Of Major E. A. Forbes' residence, result
lng from a descending skyrocket, and at !
midnight a similar blaze was located fin
the roof of the Appeal building and th»
P. George building adjoining. One hour
later a third alarm was turned in. Some
miscreant broke a show window in M.
Schwab's store on D street and touched
off the fireworks on display. There was
an explosion, but the firemen, who were
on the alert all night, rushed to the
store with their chemical apparatus and
prevented the blaze from spreading. Two
men were seen running away from the '
Window before the explosion took place.
This evening the people turned <■ .
heai an open-air concert, that being the
only attraction programmed.
Two accidents are reported. Twelve
year-old IjOii Goldstein is under a doc- j
tor's care for a badly lacerated and
burned hand, the result of the premature
explosion of a blank cartridge in his toy
pistol.
L. V. Smith, while employed on a har
vester at the farm of his brother-in-law,
Jeff Nelson, had the little ilnger of his
left hand caught In the machinery and bo
badly mashed that the physician found it
necessary to amputate the member.
WOODLAND'S FOUTtTH.
Beautiful Floats Seen in the Morning
Procession.
"WOODLAND , July 4.— The celebration of
■ the Fourth of July wa« a very successful
'■ affair. The decorations were elaborate
I and handsome and the weather was fine.
I Th© parade was a success aa a spectaeu-
I lar pageant, and the Industrial features
| were' highly complimented. An Immense
; concourse of people witnessed the parade
i and the line of march was enlivened by
the music of the Davlsville and Woodland
, bands. The Goddess of liberty, Women's
I Christian Temperance Union, Grand Army
. and States' floats were particularly no*
j ticeabl^ for their beauty.
William Bemmerly officiated as grrand
j marshal, 5!. Diggs was president of the
day, A. C. Huston read the Declaration
' of 'independence and City Attorney W. A.
And* rson delivered an eloquent oration.
The musical programme was an excellent
one and patriotic son^s arouted much en
thusiasm. A ."alute. was fired at sunrise,
, another at 12 and a third at 6 o'clock in
', the evening. At 2 o'clock In the afternoon
there was a beautiful display of day fire
works, and at 8:30 in the evening a" mag- ,
' niflcent pyrotechnic display. During the
! afternoon both bands gave open-air con
i certs and there was a fine programme of
i amusements. The festivities concluded '
i with a ball this evening.
Frnsr.o's Electricial Display.
FRESNO, July 4.— Fresno had one of the
best Fourth of July celebrations In its
history to-day. A large parade took place
in the forenoon, the chief features of
which were floats representing the battle
ship Oregon and Dewey's flagship Olym
pia manned by school children. Literary
exercises were held In the Courthouse
park. Addresses were delivered by Frank
H. Short, president of the day, and Gen
eral Kittrell, both of whom talked against
expansion. The cfci»f feature of the even
ing was the electrical display on the
Courthouse. Pyrotechnic effects were
made with 120) incandescent lights. There
were also a cakewalk and other features.
It Is estimated that 20,000 people were in
town to witness the celebration.
ORIENTAL
SPLENDOR
IN PARADE
Chinese Section a Fea
ture of the Procession
at Stockton.
Menu oF Pleasure Dished
Up to Patriotic Fourth oF
July Crowds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, July 4.— Exuberant pa
triotism pervaded the city to-day, [t has
been many years since Stockton witnessed I
such a celebration of the national an
niversary. More flags were flung to the j
breeze, more bunting used and more pow- ,
clf-r burned than on any such occasion
within the memory of the younger gen
eration. The unanimous spirit with
which people of all classes united in the ;
ation was one of the most pleasant
and profitable lessons of the day.
The rising sun was greeted by the ring- :
ing of the church bells and the boom of
cannon. The morning hours were made i
lively by the gathering of the various or- :
ganizatfons which were to take part iv
the parade. The length of the proccs- i
sion and th<> rich spectacular features it .
possessed surprised the thousands who ■
gathered to watch it move through th.±
principal thoroughfares of the city.
Grand Marshal Koch succeeded in get- j
ting the various organizations in line and;
on the march shortly after 10 o'clock. The j
route was !• -ngthy, but the cool day fa- !
vored the participants. The procession j
was composed of the various civic, mill-)
tary and fraternal societies of the city. |
A large number of floats typifying pa
triotlc subjects were furnished by the
committee and the lodges, clubs and as
sociations w< re represented In a similar i
manner. The military companies and the
exempt firemen, with the "old machine,"
made a nice showing.
The richest of all, however, was the :
oriental division, made up by the local j
Chinese. Th< Mongols carried the b*g- i
gest American flag in the procession at
the head of their divison, and the spec- ;
tacular .show which followed attracted
mor attention than any other. The local j
Mongols "spread themselves," and were
evidently pleased with the reception ac- !
corded them.
The literary exercises were held during
the afternoon at the Yosemite Theater.
The following was the excellent pro
gramme given:
"Stars and Stripes," Yosemite Thea
ter orchestra, Professor Steele, leader;
address of welcome, Mayor "W. B.
Harrison, president of the day; invo
cation. Rabbi R. Farber; grand cho
rus. "America," by I l *' trained voices,
ler the direction of Mrs. Edward
Oullaban; reading Declaration of In
dependence, Professor J. 11. Wilkin
son; solo. "The Sword of Bunker
Hill," Martin Oarkeek; poem, "Fourth
of July," written for the occasion by
Phil Francis, read by Mrs. Vera Ed
wards; special feature, medley of na
tional airs by soloists of 100 trained
voices, under the direction of Mrs. Ed
ward Oullahan; (a) "Red, White and
Blue, " Mrs. Fred Buttrick, soloist; (b)
"For Old Glory." Miss Ge-novieve
i'ftors. soloist; (c) "Union Forever,"
Horace Vincent, soloist; (d) "Star-
Spangled Banner," Mips Nannie Mc-
Carthy, soloist; oration, ex-Mayor \Y.
R. Davie of Oakland; quartet, "Break
the News to Mother," Horace Vincent,
Albert i. Parker, Edgar Butters and
Martin Carkeek; benediction, Rev.
Robert Trevorrow; "American Re
public". (Thiele), Professor Steele and
orchestra; "Home, Sweet Home."
The evening was made bright by illuml
! nations, the most notable being the court
house dome. Several bands t'lscoursed
music for the people. The pyrotechnic dis
play on Hunter sciuare attracted thou- |
sands.
PACIFIC GKOVE'S DISPLAY.
The Day's Pleasure Marred by One
Serious Accident.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 4.— The nation's
birthday was celebrated at this resort
with much enthusiasm, visitors vying
with the townspeople in manifesting th-ir
patriotism. Everybody feemed to feel
that this Fourth, the last of the present
century, Is one of unusual significance
and unusual thoughtf ulness of the true
meaning of the anniversary was appar
ent on every side. The day's exercises
began with a parade and drill of the Pa
cific Grove brass band, little Winifred and
Gladys Tuttle, dressed as a gentleman
and lady of 177G, leading, carrying hand- i
some flags that .were almost as large as |
themselves. The band also gave a pa- !
triottc concert at the beach both morn
ing and evening on a stand erected at
the end of the long pier. An invitation j
tennis tournament, gentlemen's doubles, i
interested a large crowd during both
morning and afternoon, and a good base
ball game was played on the local dia
mond in the afternoon. Among the noted
tennis players of the tennis courts were
the Page brothers of Oakland, Dr. Seager
of San Francisco, Jones of Salinas Hugh
Rose of Denver, C 01.,; Harper brothers of
Pacific Grove and Osborne of Stanford.
The winners were Seager and Sobey.
The main demonstration of the day took
place at 8 p. m. in Assembly Hall, the
chief ov«nt of which was a splendid ora
tion by the eminent California divine, Dr.
John A. B. Wilson of San Francisco. His
subject wes "Greater Amerk-a," and the
oration was delivered in the speaker's
most delightful style. After the address
the crowd repaired to the beach, where
a fleet of pleasure boats were illuminated
and a display of fireworks was made.
Fourth of July firecrackers caused an
accident which hns had serious conse
quences to F. W. Jackson of San Fran- j
cis.-o, a Stanford student whet is summer-
Ing here with his mother. Young Jackson
was coasting down the hill on Lighthouse
avenue on his wheel and at the same
time a buggy containing Miss Faulkner
and A. Galloway of Salinas was ascending !
;he hill. ' A bunch of firecrackers care- '
lessly thrown by a small boy on the
sidewalk terrified the horse and caused
him to jump violently to the opposite side
of the street, throwing the buggy directly
in the path of the wheelman. Jackson
wj>s too close to the buggy to turn aside !
when the horse shied and crashed into the '
vehicle. His handle bar caught in the :
front wheel of the bu^gy and he was |
thrown off. striking on his head and sus- |
tainlng a bad scaip wound and a com- i
pound fracture of the right clavicle. A
surgeon was immediately summoned and
the injuries dressed. Mr. Jackson will
probably be disabled for several months.
The occupants of the buggy received no '
injuries.
Barbecue at Monterev.
MONTEREY, July 4.— The Fourth was
celebrated here to-day under the ausplc<;~ |
of the Knights of Pythias and the Volun
teer Fire Department. A barbecuo was
followed by patriotic exercises. In th-i '
evening a fireman's ball was held in the !
opera nouse. The town was beautifully
decorated. I
CHURCHES
IN CHARGE
OF IT ALL
Greatest Celebration in
the History of the Gar
den City.
Christian People Show Their
Skill in Providing Pleasure
for the Populace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 4.— The churches and 1
Sunday-schools had charge of the Fourth |
of July celebration h«re to-day. It was j
t.he greatest celebration ever seen in the j
Garden City and proved that these Chris
tian people are past masters when it |
comes to celebrating Independence day.
Besides being the largest it was the most
orderly event of the kind ever held here, j
not a single Incident occurring during the j
clay to mar the pleasure.
The celebration opened wllii sunrise
guns. At 6 o'clock the church bells tolled
and a few minutes later the year was
rung on the fire bell. From this time on
the fun was fast and furious until the
"good night" piece announced the end
of the fireworks. The celebration was a
grand success.
The parade was a couple of miles long
and the best eve* seen here on the
Fourth of July. Every church and Sun
day-school in the city and many from the
suburban towns were in line. In all near
ly 2000 Sunday-school children marched
in the procession and they presented a
pretty spectacle in their white suits,
with bright ribbons and Hags. The floats
were numerous and pretty.
Chief of Police Kldward and a platoon
of police headed the procession. Grand
Marshal "Whitton, with Chief of Staff T.
J McGeoghan and aids, followed. The
first division was headed by the Fifth
Regiment band. YV. B. Ilobson was mar-.
shal. It was made up of Company B, .
Native Sons of the Golden West; Sons o- !
Veterans; Phil Sheridan and John a. Dlx
Posts, Grand Army of th. Republic; La- .
dies of the Grand Army of the Republic,
and the Woman's Relief Corps, in car
riages The second division was headed
by a platoon of the various clergymen of
the city. J. P. Radford was marshal.
Then came these various church organi
zations in line:
A. M- E. Zion.
Calvary Baptist.
First Bai>tlst.
Central Christian.
First Christian.
First Congregational.
Grace English Lutheran.
Centella Methoaist Epworth League.
Centella Methodist Sunday School.
East San Jose Methodist.
Evergreen.
Volunteers' Band.
Second Section— Religious Organizations.
Drum Corps.
Volunteers of America.
First Methodist Epv.-orth League.
First Methodist Sunday School.
I Sou th Methodist. ,
First Presbyterian.
United Presbyterian.
Cottage Grove.
Gardner Sunday School.
Second Presbyterian.
Campbell.
Lawrence.
1 Santa Clara.
Valley Vle'vt.
W. C. T. t* - !
Loyal Legion.'
Most of these organizations had floats.
The Santa Clara float was the prettiest
one in the procession. It represented Cali
fornia and the four seasons of the year.
In the center was a young lady represent
ing California. Above her was a bower
of greenery and poppies. At each corner
was another young woman, and about
1 her were the fruits and Mowers of the :
I season she represented. The Women's
Christian Temperance Union had a line
float, as did the Congregational church,
which had a float representing the May
flower, in which were seated some young
persons dressed as Quakers. Campbell
was represented by a float and over a
hundred Sunday-school scholars on bi
cycles. All the floats were good and far
' above anything ever witnessed in the city
except at the time of the rose carnival.
F P. Russell was marshal of the third
division. It included the following:
Marine Band.
Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias.
Enterprise Lodge No. 17, A. O. U. W.
Mount Hamilton I»dge .No. 43, A. O. L. v\ .
The Mayor and Common Council.
Board of Supervisors.
Board of Health."
President of the Day. W. G. Alexander.
Orator of the Day. Hen. T. B. Hutchlnson;
poet. Rev. C. J. Thompson.
Woodmen of the World.
Fraternal Aid Societies.
Junior Aid Society No. 413.
Junior Order of Mechanics.
The fourth division consisted of the
Fire Department.
In the afternoon literary and . musical
■ exorcises were held in St. James' Park.
Thousands of people were present and
enjoy-'d the occasion. Hon. T. B. Hutch- \
Inson of Napa was the orator of the day.
The programme Included an invocation by
Rev T S. Young; music, Oratorio Soci
ety, "Gloria," from the "Twelfth Mass,"
(Mozart): opening remarks, by Mr. Will
-1 iam G. Alexander, president of the day;
reading of the Declaration of Independ- i
ence by Mr. James P. Sex; music, solo j
and chorus. Oratorio Society, "Unity,"
words by Mr. Alfred Austin, poet laureate
of England, music by Professor James I
Hamilton Howe; Mrs. Mary Weaver- ;
> Macauley sang the solo part. Prize poem.
i "The Storied Flag," by Dr. Charles J.
I Thomps-n; oration, Hon. T. B. Hutchin
i son. The exercises closed with the rendi
: tion of "The Coronation" by the Oratorio ;
Society. , _
This evening a display of fireworks was
given In a vacant lot on Julian street,
: near the broad-gauge depot. The display
cost ?2(X)0. The city turned out en masse
: to witness it.
The committee in charge of the celebra-
I tion, of which W. G. Alexander was chair
i man. is highly praised for its success.
Panic at a Parade.
KESWICK, July 4.— While the Fourth of
July procession was passing through the
streets the car of State broke down, caus
ing momentiirv panic among forty-five
little girls aboard. They all slid or jumped
off the wagon and fortunately no one
was injured. The celebration others iso
was successful. H. F. Baker of Kcsv.-ick
delivered the oration. Christopher J. Kelly
and John Fox were the winning team in
the miners' drilling contest for a r>urse
of $50.
Entertained at Walnut Creek.
WALNUT CREEK. July I— Many
strangers arrived here to-day to take p.irt
in the celebration. G. W. LJrown sent out
over 100 invitations to friends in San
Francisco ar.d this vicinity for a bull's
head dinner. The ground? a few miie3
from town were beautifully decorated Tor
the events, which was a notable success.
In the evening a grand ball was given at
the new town hall.
WHEELMEN
OF NAPA IN
EVIDENCE
Score a Big Success
as Directors of the
Day's Festivities.
Prizes Awarded to Entries
Making the Best Show
ing in the Parade.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, July 4.— Napa had the bisgest
celebration of Independence day in her
history. There were crowds in attendance
from the country and nearby towns. The
exercises consisted of a parade in the
morning, speaking at the Pavilion, danc
ing and games in the afternoon and a ball
in the evening.
The parade was made up of three bands,
cycling clubs, fire apparatus, marching
clubs, floats and decorated carriages. D.
S. Kyser was tho grand marshal. The
Alert Hose Company won the first prize
for decorations on lire apparatus, with
Unity Hose Company second. In the. dec
orated carriage division E. M. Porter won
first prize, the Misses Kelly second, Miss
DollarhWe third. Miss Busb fourth. For
genera] and business floats 11. C. Horst
meyer won lirst. For county school floats
Shurtleff district won lirst. Browns Val
ley second, Jefferson third.
Superior Judge Buckles of Solano de
livered the oration. H. C. Gesford of San
Francisco also spoke. Pen y s. King was
president Of the clay. The Declaration of
Independence was read by Thomas Derry.
Th. re was music by a chorus, and Mrs.
M. C. Dillon san.a "The Star-Spangled
Banner." the strains of which, mingled
with "Dixie," aroused much enthusiasm.
Petaluma Was Crowded.
PETAL.UMA. July 4.— The Fourth was
observed hure by the firing of twenty-one
guns at sunrise and sunset. There was
a grand parade in the morning and ex
ercises and dancing at Cedar Grove In'
the afternoon. To-night there were fire
works and a minstrel entertainment by a
local company, concluding with a grand
ball. An immense crowd from the sur
rounding country attended the celebra
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You want a light weight and light pattern suit for
warm weather wear.
Our all-wool ready-made suits for
fi 1 the bill. The price is low, to be sure, ix. .v. ait; out of
the ordinary for the money. We thoroughly guarantee them.
Money returned if yon want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Boys' Soldier Suit , washable material, neatly trimmed :
ages 3to 10; for vacation wear ; price. . , 85C
Blue Overalls, made for girls' wear. 40c
Boys' Reefer Suit% small sizes, $3.50 values $2.45
X^^\ — — — 7ss^^\
Nsgfi££/"~ 7IS MARKET ST. N^O*j/
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
PATRIOTISM
UNLOOSED AT
THE SEASIDE
Outing Parties Partici
pate in the Celebration
at Santa Cruz.
Campers Came Down From
the Mountains to Make
Merry on the Fourth.
Piv«clal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 4.— Santa Crua
teemed with people to-day, It being the
largest crowd here for years at a Fourth
of July celebration. For several days th«
morning trains were crowded with peo
ple from San Francisco and other cities.
These, with the campers from the moun
tains and parties from the country.
crowded the streets. The city was elab
orately decorated with flags, bunting and
evergreens.
The celebration opened with a flag rais
ing and national salute at the Lower
Plaza at 9 o'clock by the Fourth Gun Di
vision, Naval Militia, Carl E. Lindsay in
command. At 10 o'clock there was a civil
and military parade, George Startler Jr.
being grand marshal, with Sheriff Besse
as chief of staff. The aids were W. A.
Maguire, H. D. Smith, George Dabelich.
A A. Morey, M. Mitchell, M. C. Hop
kins, Thomas D. McPherson, T. J. Kelley
and Dr. J. P. Parker. The marshal for
the first division was W. H. Patton. The
aids were W. T. Morton, H. H. Miller, R.
L. Cardiff and C. E. Canfield.
After the parade, which was witnessed
by an immense concourse of people, lit
erary exorcises were held at the Armory.
There was music by the band, a prayer
by Father McNamee, an address by J.
\v Linscott, president of the day; sing
ing by the Ladies' Double Quartet, read
ing of the Declaration of Independence
by L«=-o Cooper of San Francisco, "The
Star Spangled Banner," by Miss Maude
Hohman. The oration, a masterly effort.
was delivered by Rev. James B. Orr, the
pastor of the Congregational church.
In the afternoon there was a band con
cert on Pacific avenue and crowds at the
beach. At U o'clock there were athletic
contests for prizes.
The festivities of the day closed with
a display of fireworks and a concert on
the beach and a ball at the Armory,
given under the auspices of the Naval
j Reserves.
34
THE DAY AT THE EAST AND IN
LANDS ACROSS THE SEA.
TRIBUTE TO HUGO
GROW MEMORY
Impressive Ceremonies
at Delft.
•al Dispatch to The Call.
DELFT. Holland. July 4.— There was a
picturesque and impressive ceremony at
the Nieuve Kirck this morning. The
church was filled -with delegates, diplo
mats, high officials and ladies. The cere
mony I cgan with a chorus singing Men
delssohn's "How Lovely Axe the Mes
sengers Who Bring Us Good Tidings of
Peace." after which A. P. C. Van Karne
beck. the former Foreign Minister and
head of the D-utch delegation to tha
Peace Conference, who presided at to
day's ceremony, briefly outlined its na
ture. He said:
Is'owhero has the conference met with heartier
■sympathy than in the United States and It is
In token of this feeling- and acknowledgment or
the reception of the conference by the Nether
lands that the American delegates In the
-name of their Government desire to pay trib
ute to the memory of Hugo Grotlus. In order
to givo this additional significance they have
chosen for Its accomplishment their great na
tional feast day.
After the national hymn of the Nether
lands had been sung- Andrew D, White,
UnlW States Embassador to Germany
and head of the American delegation to
the Peace Conference, in a long, scholarly
address, paid an eloquent tribute to
Grotlu* 5 , to carry out whose Ideas are
assembled delegates from all nations."
Mr. White added:
I feel that my own country unltts not only
in fcer gratitude, but In that of the clvlllaeC
•world.
After tracing Grotlus* work and the ef
fect of his Ideas Mr. White said:
From thtß tomb of Grot Imb I seem to hear a
meseare to go en with the work of strengthen- j
ing peace and humanizing war and, above all.
to give the -world at least a beginning of an ef
fective, practical scheme of arbitration.
At the end of his address, Mr. White
laid on the tomb of Grotlus, in behalf of
his colleagues, a wreath of sliver oak and
laurel leaves, bearing the inscription, "To
the memory of Hugo- Grotius, on the oc
casion of the Peace Conference at The
HaßUft, in reverence and gratitude from
the United States." The -wreath was
three feet in diameter and was in a big
beech cose, ornamented with silver, bear
ing the inscription:
"To the Government of the Nether
lands, from the United States*, on the oc
casion of the Conference. 1599."
The names of the delegates to the Peace
Conference follow.
Tho a/Idress of acceptance was made
by Dr. W. H. de Beaufort, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs and president of the
Ministerial Council of the Netherlands.
To-day's ceremony will make a deep impres
sion throughout the country. We Hollanders
are proud of our country, its glorious history
and the memory of our (Treat men. "We are
pleased to see them appreciated by foreigners
and the citizens of a country for which we
have such respect and regard. We are closely
connected with the historical traditions of
America. The first settlers on the banks of
the Hudson were Hollanders, and we shall
always remember with a certain pride that
it was a Dutch captain who first saluted the
Stars and Stripes. To-day we salute your
star-spangled banner In our country. Your
country i.* me of the largest in the world.
ours is on» of the smallest; but 1 we have one
thing in common, which is that we both won
our country and its independence by our valor.
In conclusion. Mr. de Beaufort said he
hnped to-day's ceremony and wreath
would act as a stimulus to future gon-
lions in their exertions in behalf of
Ptill further reforms in International law.
and ih;u tho wreath would be an ever
lasting emblem of the historical friend
ship of America [Holland.
President Beth Low of Columbia Uni
versity and delegate to the conference In
returning: thanks said:
We do not ma light (what we owe to
England, but we trla'ily admit that we owe
in a larsre measure to the Dutch many of the
things which we count as the most precious
The ceremony concluded wit the sing
ing of "The Stur Spangled Banner." v
Baron Blldt. head of the Norway-
Sweden delegation'to th» conference, an
nounced that he had received a telegram
fnun Kins Oscar, associating Ills homage
with that paid, at Delft to Grotius. The
Grotlus statue; the church and the Town
Hall were profusely decorated with the
ELKS WINS AT
MANHATTAN BEACH
Defeats Gardiner by a
Mile in a Hot Race.
Special Dispatch m he Call.
NEW YORK; July I. — The* bicycle meet
ing at the Manhattan beach track this
afternoon attracted 4000 people. The prin
cipal event waa a race between" Harry
Elkes f.f Glen Falls, middle distance
champion of America; and Arthur ("lard-
Iner of C'hicapo. The distance was i wen
ty-five miles and the purse ?]Oi.>. The con
testanla were paced by motorcycles.
Gardiner was paced by Fournier an:i
Hehshavr. Elkos i'sed a quaJ motor rid
den by ( "rooks, Ireland, All. t: and Cal
. When !)!<■> race'started a strong wind
was blowing, which was directly against
the riders, for an eighth of a mil" 1 on each
lap.
From the start of the race Kikes and
his quad began to gain on Gardiner and
at the first ir.ilo they had secured an ad
vantage 01 ?i full lap. Gardiner was very
much handicapped by thp wind. He v.-.i :
continually failing behind his pacing ma
chine, while Kikes was riding close up
to the duad.
•pespito tli« big advantaere of one lap
obtained Elkes renewed his efforts and
continued to increase his load. At ihe
fifteen mile mark Gardiner was two and
a half laps behirtd:
On • be last lafr*Blkea rode ahead of his
pacers and finished just '!<•,< mile ahead
of Gardiner. His time was 47:32J!-5, while
Gardiner' time was 50:0S 4-.",.
Celebrated Bt Pretoria.
PRETORIA. July i The Fourth of July
was celebrated here on a large Bcale. Rear
Admiral Howieon and < ";< 3 >t ;i i r! Cooper,
with th< other officers of the United
States cruiser • "Jj i< ■; i m ■ ■ - participated. F.
\V. Reitz, the Transvaal Secretary of
Btate, called upon C. F. Mac-rum, the
United States Consul, and tendered the
congratulations executive <>f the
South African republic.
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness !
Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
BRYAN CHEERED
BY TAMMANY
Eulogized During the
Orations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 4.— The Fourth of
July was celebrated here under glorious
weather conditions with much noise, mer
ry making, a profusion of flags and ex
cursions and sports of all kinds. It was
stated that there were more firework? sold
and more excursion boats running than
on any previous Independence day.
Tammany Hall celebrated with formal
exercises In the Wigwam. Joseph J.
Willett, president of the Alabama Bar
Association, made the oration of the day.
During his oration Mr. Willett said:
I Fe<' that man Alger Is running f>>r Senator
from Michigan "ii an anti-trust platform Is It
that rich Alger, the friend at Mark Hanna. «t
Armour, of Egan, running on tui anti-tmst
platform .
Mr. Wlllett then told a story of a
Southern negro who was fooled lntn sell-
Ing his master's farm for $4.6u, and added:
Won't the people of Michigan be lifted out of
everything they own i f they let -Mger play the
parne on them .
Congressman Asher G. Caruth of Ken
tucky, who spoke words of eulogy of Will
iam Jennings Bryan, "the great apostle of
the ph.ii. people." and, reicrrlng to Tamm
any, said that her "past loyalty is an
st of her future course. It matters
not who is chosen leader, she will be
found in 1900 as she has always been
found, lighting the people's light. She
will not hanj; back wh<>n the cry to battle
rings through the air. Lusty will be her
war cry mu\ deadly her onslaught. The
enemies of. the people will rind her toma
hawk at their heads and around her vig
wam will l" hung the scalp* of her slain."
Ex-Oovernor J. S. Hogg of Texas was
responsible for the sensation of the d>iy.
"We Democrats will co to the next
convention," he said, "advocating as be
t'nri' thf unlimited coinage or' silver end
g:oM at the ratio of 16 to 1."
There was loud cheering at this. Xx-
Governor Hoyp sni.i that th'^ Democrats
In 1900 would denounce trusts, favor the
income tax. the granting of Cuban mdc
pend»-nce and the construction and main
tenance of ml- Nlcaraguan Canal, and
denounce Imperialism and government by
injunction.
"With these principles we will eto into
battl" confident of victory." he declared.
"But we want the support of Tammany
Hall, the greatest of all political organ
izations. And above all we want to po
Into the fiirht under the leadershio of
William J. Bryan."
A< ex-Governor Hops uttered the nam"
of Mr. Bryan tho cheering was deafening
and continued. IMirinp a slight lull some,
body proposed a i h( er for Van Wyck. but
the crowd failed to take it up.
RACING AND POLO AT
THE BURLINGAME CLUB
Burltngaire Country Club was on fete
■ ■ ■ m< ml ci a ; articipa '.'w.n In
a round of field sports thai Included pig
eon shooting, pony racing and polo, most
brilliant of all pastimes. The racing at
Corbitt track broughi out a large attend
ance of fashionably gowned women,
which, with tiit- four-in-hands and other
I equipage?, lent to the occasion an ap
pearance of Derby day in miniature.
\v. s. Hobart, Charles Dunph:
Oliver Tobin divided honors in the compe
tition. There was but one fall during the
afternoon, when a lowly mule tossed Mr.
ii,:! iri ovei I is head. This race had been
arranged to supply the comedy element.
It filled the bill and the air with a figure
in white riding breeches and red satin
Jacket. Th. riders drew lots for choice of
Is. all trying their best to avoid one
animal known to have a bad temper. Mr.
Hobari drew him.
1!. was the last to emerge from the sad
dling paddock to join in the parade be
fore tn- grand stand. The gentleman
jockey had a position up on his mule-
Shlp'S withers after the fashion of Tod
Sloan, lie was not prepared for trouble,
and when the mule kicked his rider went
over his head and was rolled In the fresh
earth. When thf spectators saw no harm
had resulted they gave way to unre
strained laughter and applause. There
was some delay at the post, as Peter Mar
tin's miik- refused to break with the
others. An even start was finally effected
and Mr. Hobart won all the way.
The racing throughout was exciting and
picturesque. The riders were resplendent
in their silken jackets, white riding
breeches and top boots. Many of the fin
ishes were close and whips were plied as
tTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 189 f-
BOYS AT MANILA
OBSERVE THE DAY
All Nationalities Join In
With Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, July 4.— There was a great
celebration of the Fourth here with
fireworks, bands, speeches and decora
tions everywhere, all nationalities par
ticipating.
The foreign ships and consulate, in- J
eluding the Spanish, raised their colors j
in conjunction with the Stars and.
Stripes. The flagship Baltimore fired a j
national salute at noon.
All nationalities enjoyed what the j
Spanish newspapers termed the "Fiesta
•>f North America." Newsboys shouted
Fourth of July editions, soldiers parad- |
ed the town, throwing firecrackers from
the batteries on th~ water front. In th>>
afternoon the Luneta was crowded
with .Americans, Filipinos and Span
lards. There were thousands of pedes
trians and hundreds of carriages went
there for the concert- Directed by
Bandmaster Carl Erndt of the Sixth
Artillery Band, a hundred Filipinos I
played American tunes.
Several hundred boys and girls — Fill- j
pinos, Spaniards and Chinese from the !
public schools — dressed in their besl
i lothes, each carrying un American j
flag, sang "America" in a curious mix
ture of dialects. Chaplain Knudsen of :
the Washington Regiment read the
Declaration of Independence. The offi- :
ocrs of the United States cruiser gave
a reception and dinner, which was at
tended by the foreign Consuls, the offi
cers of the foreign warships and all the
society of the army and navy circle.
Colonel Denby presided at the tele
bratlon at the Soldiers' Club, where O. |
F. Willfams. United States Consul G< n
eral, and others delivered addresses
The officers of the Colorado Reglmem
gave a reception at the regimental
barracks and there were Beveral dances :
.luring the evening.
A gem ral celebration at night was
rendered impracticable by the law re
quiring the streets to be cleared at 8:30
o'clock.
Hollisfer Capitalist Dies.
HOLLISTER. July 4.— Ex-Supervisor
Snibley died to-day. At the last election
he contested the election of Supervisor
Palmtag. and the Sup< rior Court decided
a tie. Tfte case is now Dendins in
th"" 1 Supreme Court. Mr. Snibley owned
an Immense lumber business here.
BURLINGAME CLUBMEN 0T
FIELD SPORTS.
freely op though large stakes depended
upon" the outcome. Major J. I>. Rathbone
and J. B. Crockett were the stewards of
ty t • - meeting.
At the conclusion of th< races thi bi •
tators adjourned to the polo field. Two
teams of three men each were quicly or
ganized. Charles Dunphj captained the
"blues " the remaining m< ml • 1 being
Edward Tobin and Tom Driscoli one tlmn
tennis champion. Walter Hohntt (cap
tain) Peter Martin and Oliver Tobin wen
the reds. Ponl< s and rid( 1
fresh and did not plaj as fast a* they
could, but they sen! the blood tingling
through the veins of the spectators with
;h. ir brilliant horsemanship. Three pe
riods vkt-i' 1 played, the reds winning ulti
mately by a sc< n of »ev< n g< ;tls to three.
Tom Driseoll was a left-handed tennis
player ami uses the polo dub in thf- Hunt
manner. On one occasion ii BHpped from
liis ham! and tlr-w high Into the air. He
'iiil not check his horse's gallop, but went
on. caught the club as ■ <!rum major
would his baton, and was in the midst of
the play act once. He was loudly ap
plauded for his clever work.
The dash of the rid<>rs a<Tr>?s the field
was o brilliant spectacle, the pi.riies enter
ing into the spirit of the play a? thor
oughly as their riders. Charley I'unphv
scored the majority of the goals In the
third period for his side. It was dusk
when the players left the field to spend
the evening In a milder form of enter
tainment.
Major J. L. Rathbone, president of Rur
lingame Club, directed the festivities
throughout the day. tactfully caring for
the members of the club and their guests.
J. K. Orr was referee of the pigeon shoot.
B sport with which he has been identified
for many years. The detailed results of
the races follow:
Three-sixteenths of a mile— Won by Oliver
Tobin on Peanut. Charles Dunphy nn Mprry
Legs pecond. \V. S. Hobart on Brandy third
and J. O. Tobin on Killarney fourth.
OLD GLORY SEEN
ACROSS THE SEA
Floats in Every Capital
of Europe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. July 4.— The Americans
abroad celebrated the Fourth with great
Enthusiasm. The American flag was dis
played in every capital in Europe ,
[n Berlin many members of the Ameri
can colony went on a special steamer for
a picnic on the River Spree. There were I
S and fireworks in the evening.
The embassies in Berlin, Paris, Rome and ,
other continental centers gave receptions. |
In London American flags were numer
ous and many of the business houses !
closed and gave the employes a holiday.
Joseph H. Choate, the united States!
Embassador, and Mrs. Choate celebrated i
the day with receptions both at the
United States Embassy -and at their resi
dence. Bach of the buildings was taste
fully decorated with flaf.;s and Mower? rep
resenting the national colors. The guests
Included Sir William Collins, the Queen's
master of ceremonies; Samuel T. Clemens
and Mrs. Clemens, Senator and Mrs.
Mark A. Hanna. Senator and Mrs. Lodge
and United States Consul General and
Mrs. William -M. Osborne.
The reception at the c'hoate residence
was attended by i."iMi persons, including
many English people and a number >>f
the leaders of the International Council
df Women. Some boys of the United
States training-ship Munogahela, r:*>w at
Plymouth, who were present, attracted 1
much attention. A band played on the,
terrace. Among the guests were the
Duchess of Marlborough, Lady William
Beresford, Si!- William Vernon Harcourt, j
Lord Strathcona and Mount Rojal. the
* anadian High Commissioner; Mr. and!
Mrs. Gilbert Parker, Mr. and Mrs. Ste- \
phen Crane, Mr. and Mrs. John Drew,
Mesdames Ronalds, Mackay, Rider Hag
gard and Frank Leslii : General Wheaton
and Mis. Wheaton, F. <r. '"hoate and Ad
miral Kinaben and Mrs. Kinaben.
MILES AS AN ORATOR.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, July 4.— General
Nelson A. Miles, who arrived here yes
terday as the gueßt of Hon John Sher
man, to whom the K fi neral ip related by
marri nr> % . was the orator this afternoon
ai the celebration of the Fourth of July
at Sheiman-Heinman I'ark. The ex-Sec
retary and Senator was unable to partici
pate en account of his health, or to ac
roinpany the commanding general, fmt
even attention was shown (ifneral Miles
here i nc! he was accorded an ovation
wherever he went He was Introduced at
the park by General R. Biinkerh.»ff and
tendered ovations both before and after
his address. General and Mrs Miles left
to-nijrht for Washington.
Five-eighths of a mile— by. W. S.
Hobart on Comanche, Charles Dunphy on
Killarney second. K. J. Carolan on Pinto
third anil Alex yon Schroeder fourth.
One mil?— Won by Charles Dunphy en
Yucatan. F. .1 Carolan on Master Lee sec
ond. .1 !■. Walters on Brae third.
Half ■ n;i!e— Won by W. .S. 11. .hart on
Brandy. Charles Dunphy on Klllarney sec
ond, Oliver Tobin on Peanut third.
Mule race — Won by W. S. Hobart J. O.
T< 1- i i second. A. yon Schroeder third.
Charles Dunphy fourth and Peter Martin
Bfth.
Match race, one and a quarter miles, over
four hurdles— Won by W. S. Hobart' Dr.
1 vis ridden by A. yon Scnroeder; second,
.1 O. Trbin on Jubilee.
The pigeon shooting wns for a challenge
cup, to be won twice before becoming
the property of any one. W. B. Tubbs.
F. W. Tallant and A. C. Tubbs were the
scratch men, shooting from the thirty
yard mark. The others were allowed
handicaps of two and four yards. \V. H.
Howard won after tying F. W. Tallant
with eighteen birds in the first twenty
.it which they shot. In the shoot-off Mr.
Howard killed ten straight. Mr. Tallant
having the misfortune to lose his ninth
bird, dead out of bounds. Mr. Carolan
was also unfortunate, two of his first five
birds dyinp outside bounds. The detailed
score of the match follows:
F. W. Tallant ..21221121202101122212 —1S
W. H. Howard 22in221:.'21212022V02 —
W. B. Tubba *100222i22222022w —12
A. C. Tubbs 22033Q0221122*15w —12!
H. yon Schroeder llllUO2ll222noiZi>w — 14 !
D. Drysdale > 22212i'0w— 15
H. Portman 2C0G1021!!010211w —in
Prince Ponlatowskl 02C211C2101210r0w — 9
A. yon Schroeder 3niZ202210*2C012w —10
F. .7. Carolan 21*1*11022222201w —12:
W. B. Hobart 01121WHno<;2U220w — S
P. D. Martin 1221212210J02102111 —16
•Dead out of bounds. . ■ \i :- ; ..-.
In the decision of the tie the following
score resulted:
F. W. Tallant 11111112*1—
W. H. Howard... 2221112111—10
•Dead out of bounds. v j
■.■......■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■"■■■,
FIRST SEMI-ANNUAL
CLEARANCE SALE
jJiJWXH
BEGINS TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), JULY 5,
t h on' as to the quality of merchandise
Our Intention Is to make this sale an "nprecedente o n^ one object in view-to make a
offered and the extraordinary low prices quoted. We E "ch and every department will be repre-
thorough CLEARANCE of spring and summer Roods. I. aled . BELO W WE quote ONLY A
sented by bargains which have never been heretofore
FEW OF THE MANY CHEAT OFFERINGS. .
SILK DEPARTmTntTdRESsTHTdPt. DOMESTIC DEP'T.
: mM^^M fclilßlPi p^afl^^
price yar<l SCOTCH CHEVIOTS. PRINTED PIQUES.
' in inch All Wool Scotch Cheviot Suitings. In l:(in vdg printed piques, this season's
FANPY Sim tan and gray check effects, and 3S-lnch Whip , t , .., : 1<? * and co iorin^: former price
rARUT iIUO- Conl Mxtu?e« In every shade; very desirable : 250> _„„. and ,-,.. Clearance price.. lf) C
1800 yds., extra heavy quality, rich Fancy JsJSerjprlceA«o and 50c. Clearance 25C yard
S^^^^i£pt%*£ prl - m ;:r y MADRAS SUITINGS.
Sc^nc^^ic^ S* " "*'* 75C FRENCH NOVELTY SUITINGS. "iTh imported Madras Suiting fast
45-inch. All Wool, in fancy mixed effects, and
3S-inch solid color Tufted Suitings. In blue, ance price
BLACK TAFFETAS. I !:.' o^.^ 35c PILLOW CASES.
2000 yds. Genuine Swiss Taffeta Silks, 21 } ara «^^^ . log drz Hemmed Pillow Cases, made of
Inches wide, extra good quality with a .»ri,imiire ! Rood quality muslin, size 45x36; regular
ciela^pric^^.^^.^yard^sC BLACK ALL-WO K GRENADINES. ! price. 15c. Clearance ; - each . SAc
38 Inches wide in choice open designs: former ■ <toz. Hemstitched Pillow Cases, good
_■;.•' n.ioucecr: price, 65c. Clearance price — ..^j ZOC quality muslin, size 45x36: regular price Me.
BLACK DUCHESSE. J Clearance price .^ 12> C
1500 yds. Black Satin Duchesse. 24 inches D| AP|( CRFPQNNES. .i.'^
wide, extra good quality, very lustrous DLAUN UnCrUIIIU.O. SHEETS
Regular price. $1 60 a yard. Clear- fir f. 15 Brilliant Knplish Mohair Creponnes. hand- OnLLIO, , . .. „„„.
an price yard «J> ■ gome designs 45 Inches wide, that have been -- doz , Hemmed Sheets, made of pood
; selling at $2 CO and $1 75 a yd. Clear- «£ I -■>•• quality sheeting:: size 90x90: regular price,
j ance price > ard tf» ■ — 80c. Clearance price A"7 ■
CORDED TAFFETAS. ,„,.. M M RIBBON DEPARTMENT. j BLANKETS ,
Taffeta Silic. in new shades of blue. pink. : ™ yd* All SUk Moire and a'.T'ne/co^ 5 caseslarse s.,e White All-Wool. Call-
cvrano, corn, turquoise and green, elegant Ribbon, full 3' 2 Inches wide, in all new c or fornia Blankets, made of extra quality
for waists: worth 1100 a yd. |2r|r* Ings, extra quality; worth »c. Clear- ISC wool, silk bound In pretty borders; regular
Clearance price yard VFVFV j ance price > arl mv~ price $5 50 pair. Clearance price.. CQ-«''
GREATEST REDUCTIONS 4S ! "??- «f,, mack cotton TURKISH BATH TOWELS.
FeS made 'n"ot Silk and a Cotton Hoae, hi«h spliced heels and toes; regular 85a h 2«: size, bleached. Bath Tnwels,
Waists Our aim l« not to carry a single quality. Clearance price *)(\c. heavy quality: regular 2:<c towels. |01/>
one over, hence the deep cut in prices. F' nlr vw Clearance price 1 - 63 V
Now Silk Waists, this season's latest ; __.._. impr TnDPUnM I inrc
styles and colorings, that have been selling BOYS HOSE. TORCHON LACES,
at $15 fmd 112 50 each. Clear- ST— ,„, doz Boy's Fast Black Derby Ribbed Va- *100 yds. Patent Torchon Lace Edgings
ance price »♦*■ cation Hose sixes 6 to ?><>; the kind that sells j and Insertions, 2 to 3>4 Inches wide, pretty
and Colored Bilk w«l«t« thl» «ea- "-^ « c ilir Clearance price loc ; pattern- worth 12c and 10c yd. « c
U nek and 1 ni. reo mik v^aisis. ins ea j IOW Clearance price t^W
sons styles, that have been selling at
5,5. .. i "." 15 . i ". c a "!S3^i LADiES VESTS. LADIES' NECKWEAR.
| 150 do*. Ladies' White and Ecru Cotton This season's styles, Jabots and Fronts,
35 doz. Ladles' Percale Shirt Waists, this | nibbed Vests, low ne ( k and no odds and ends; regular price, $1 60 fffj/-.
season's styles and colorings; regular 6 ioeves Worth 25c. Clearance price |ni/-> each. Clearance. price 01/w
prices, $150 and $125. Clearance "7 K r each la«W ..-,-•», iii.inurnniiirpii
pnee * &c nnKU HMnFR^iRK LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS.
20 do? Ladle* 1 Fine Colored Madras Shirt 1 w"**^" UNUCnOMnIO- no doz . Ladies' Hemstitched, Embroidered
Waists ' with embroidery insertion- ivautl- ! 15 dox. Ladies' Linen Crash Underskirt^ extra Handkerchiefs in very pretty new designs,
ful styles; regular price. $3 00 and' fir. 1 : wide, well made; worth $1 00. Clear- f»GJ C | nice sheer quality: worth 3oc and 15C
J2 50. Clearance price yard tp « ance price each \JU\-' \ 2 0C each. Clearance price 1«J»W
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
SURPRISES AT
GOLF TOURNEY
Easterners Score in a
Soaking Rain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ONWENTSIA GOLF CLUB GROUND,
LAKE FOREST, 111., July To-day's j
play in the golf tournament was remark- ;
able for the quality of golf put up under
adverse circumstances. The grounds were j
in poor condition from the soaking rains
of last night, which continued at Intervals ;
dining the morning, notwithstanding some j
extremely low scores were made, and dur- i
ing the afternoon, when the west wind ;
had partly dried up the course, golf of ;
a sensational character was played by ,
some of the contestants.
To Walter Fairbanks of the Overland :
Park Golf Club of Denver and a veteran
of the St. Andrews Club of Scotland, and
J F. Curtis of the Essex County Golf Club
of Boston belong the honor of one of the ,
most remarkable scores ever made in a i
trolf tournament. The two golfers played i
forty holes before their struggle was end
ed with one up in favor of Mr. Fairbanks. |
They were all square at the eighteenth i
and thirty-sixth holes. Then for - four I
the two struggled: halving the thirty-sex
enth thirty- Ighth and thirty-ninth holes, :
■ ir. six, tour and seven respectively, the ;
I Westerner finally winning the fortieth in l
four, amid enthusiastic applause of the ;
gallery of 700. Mr. Fairbanks will play H. j
P. Toler to-morrow.
One of the surprises of the day was the ,
decisive defeat of William McCawley of |
the Merlon Cricket Club, Philadelphia, at ,
the hands of William Holaberd Jr. of the ,
Glen View Club. Chicago, a 16-year-old
boy The result of to-day's play was de- ]
cidedly in -favor of the East against the I
West " eleven of to-day's winning players i
coming from Eastern clubs, while only
live, Including Mr. Fairbanks of Denver,
are from the West.' Of these five, C. B.
McDonald and V. H. Smith, the latter;
the runner up in last year's tournament
over the Morris County golf course, are
looked upon as having the best chance
to win the championship.
Notwithstanding the intensely disagree
able weather, a holiday crowd was pres
ent in the afternoon, and the playing took
on the appearance of a society function. j
Hundreds of women were present and
they refused to seek the shelter of the :
clubhouse veranda during the rain, but
followed their favorite players around the
course Holaberd. Douglas, Reid Jr.. For
gan and others had large galleries am
the course a.- the players fought their
way over the links presented a decidedly
animated appearance. •
The contestants who defeated their op
ponents in the day's play were: C. Una
weaver. W. J. Travis. John Reid Jr., A.
M. Robbins, Findlay S. Douglas, D. R.
Forgan G. G. Hubbard, C. K. McDonald,
\v A. Holaberd. W. B. Smith, J. G. ,
> Thorpe. James A. Ting. H. M. Harriman,
Roderick Terry Jr.. Walter Fairbanks
| and 11. P. Toler Jr.
BOSTON AND BROOKLYN
LOSE DOUBLE-HEADERS
Philadelphia Advances to Second
Place in the Race for the
League Pennant.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pot. Clubs— W. I- Pet.
Brooklyn ...45 21 .GS2 Cincinnati -.33 30 .524
Philadelphia 39 24 .61* PittsburK ...:« 31 .516
Chicago .. ..88 24 .*ll New Y0rk. ..30 35 .462
Boston 40 26 .60fi Louisville ...23 43 .34:*
Baltimore .37 26 .557 Washington 21 47 .309
St. Louis 36 29 .534 Cleveland ...12 51 .191
PHILADELPHIA. July 4.— The Phillies re
turned home to-day from their successful trip
and signaled their home-coming by defeating
Brooklyn in a well-played game before the
largest crowd ever assembled at a morning
Kam<» on the local grounds. Attendance, 11.557.
Score, morning game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 7 12 1
Philadelphia 'V.'.V.V/.V. !!.'.'.' !!"!!!!" 10 14 3
Batteries— Farrell, Grim and Dunn; McFar
land and Fraser. Umpires— Emslle and Smith.
The Phillies again defeated Brooklyn In the
afternoon game without much effort. Hughes
was hit hard, while Magee, whom the Phil
lips recently acquired from the Louisville club,
was a puzzle to the visitors. Attendance, 11.
--•
nub*— n. H. k.
Brooklyn 1 4 ♦
Philadelphia 9 13 0
Batteries— Hughes and Grim: Magee and Mc-
Farland. Umpires— Emslle and Smith
.
BALTIMORE, July 4.— The Orioles won this
morning's game after the hardest kind of
work. The visitors played championship ball
and wore ably seconded by the pair of um
pires. Lewis lost his game in the sixth in
ning by giving three buses on balls in succes
sion and a fly. Attendance. 4212. Score,
morning game:
Clubs- R. H. K.
Baltimore 2 5 2
Boston 1 " 1
Batteries Robinson and Kltson; Bergen and
Lewis. Umpires — McDonald and Manassau.
Boston gave the Orioles a scare near the dose
of this afternoon's game, but the three runs
secured at the opening by the home team were
too much of a handicap for the Champions
to overcome. Howell pitched steady ball, while
Nichols was inclined to be' wild. Attendance,
.•,47". Score:
Clubs R. H. E. '
Baltimore .', 8 .'
Boston 4 12 1 j
Batteries. Howell and Robinson; Nichols and
Clarke. I'mpires— McDonald and Manassau.
NEW YORK. July 4.— The Washington* de
feated th» Giants to-day through timely bat
ting. McFarland pitched cleverly, particularly
when bases were occupied. . Attendance, 2SOO.
Score, morning game:
Clubs K. H. E.
New York 2 5 l\
Washington ." 1" 3 1
Batteries— Carrick and Warner: McFarland
and KJttr •!;:•■. ["mpirea Lynch and Connolly.
Weyhing was Invincible this afternoon, only
one local player reaching second base and that
was in the ninth inning. Seymour pitched well,
but the Washlngtons managed to make their
few hits at the right time. Attendance, 4000.
s. ore
flubs— R. H. E.
New York 0 6 2
Wash.nrt 2 .' 0
Batteries— Seymour and Warner: Weyhing
and McGuir?. Umpires— and Connolly.
; CINCINNATI. July 4.— The Colonels put up
| the strongest game to-day that the Reds had
> ever had on their home grounds. The pitching
\ of Hahn and the quick work of the Reds in
I the field were the features. Score, morning
, Kame:
Clubs— R. H. E.
: Louisville 6 10 4
I Cincinnati 6 6 2
Batteries— Howling and Zlmmcr; Hahn and
Peitz. Umpires— Oaffney and Andrews.
The Reds hit Cunningham hard in the after
noon. Phillips kepi the Colonels' hits rairlv
well scattered. Miller's batting was the only
feature. Attendance, "C"2. Score:
Clubs-. R. H. E.
Cincinnati 9 1" 3
Louisville 6 13 3
Batteries— and Peltz; Wood. Cun
| ningham and /.immer. Umpires— Gaffney and
Andrews.
PITTSBL'RG. July The Pirate* won their
; eighth consecutive game by defeating th"
Cleveland* in a close but otherwise uninterest
ing contest. Attendance, JCOO. Score, morn
inK game:
Clubs— R. H. ].-
Pittsburg 4 13 !
Cleveland 3 9 • l
Batteries— Hoffer and • Bowerman: Hughey
and Sugden. Umpires— Swart wood and Latham.
After playing excellent hall for twelve In
! nings, Cleveland lost the afternoon game in
i the thirteenth through errors. Schmidt re
■ ceived the best of support and did good field
| ing himself, but In the thirteenth his fumble
1 and two hits filled the bases. McCarthy's hit
sored Howerman and Tannehlll scored when
; S. hmidt let a ball thrown by Schrecongost
■ through him. Attendance. 6200. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. F-.
Pittsburg ; 7 15 4
Cleveland 6 11 3
Batteries— Sparks. Tannehlll and BowermaS:
Schmidt and Schrecongost. Umpires — Swart
wood and . Latham.
CHICAGO. July 4.— For the first time In th.
history of the Chicago National League Club
both of the Fourth of July baseball games
were postponed to-day on account of rain.
New Pole Vaulting Record.
SEATTLE, July 4.— Don Palmer of the
Seattle Athletic Club established a new
pole vnultir.p record to-day at the ama
teur field and track games. He cleared
the bar at 10 feet S inches.
SEARCHLIGHTS NEW OWNER.
J. H. Bronson of New Haven Said to
Have Been the Purchaser.
NEW FORK, July 4.— A Hartford
special to the Morning Tvleerraph says:
The great California pacer, Search
light, 2:05%, which was sold yesterday
to Ed Mills of Boston, as agent, is said
to have been lmrohasod by J. H. Bron
p>>n of New Haven for $15,000. It is un
derstood he will remain in McHenry's
stable. Bronson is also said to be de
sirous of purchasing tho tr<*ttin£ stal
lion Monterey, which recently stepped
a half In 1:02, and for which $20,000 is
asked. Mills Is now on his way to Den
ver to make the purchase.
WHEELED IN THE RAIN.
Pullman Road Race Decided Over a
Muddy Course.
CHICAGO, July 4.— L. H. Bender won
the Pullman mad rare in the rain to-day.
Owing to tin heavy rainfall it was a
heart-breaking course and the- time was
slow. There was much dispute <is to the
exact Urn.' made by the winner, and the
judges spent a pond part of the afternoon
in attempting to renrh a decision. Wil
liam Cowden finished second and George
J. White third. Owing to the confusion
over thf> time no effort to announce the
winner was made for several hours after
tin r.i. c was finished. The driving rain
and sogg} roads drove many of the
starters from the course, and there were
many spills and minor accidents.
■ a fit MEN
jASflil WOIHFN
ilS«4|i "UIJIEII,
fpSlfl YOUNG
•*^«* V JL 1/ •
7
Should study this diacrnm. for about one per-
son out of every five suffers from art trouble,
functional or organic, and nearly all ouch suf-
ferers are misled as to the true nature of the-
malady until destructive .changes have taken
place. Th» *ar!y symptoms of HEART DIS-
EASE ■■• very misleading, and the patient
usually ' suspects nervous trouble, stomach
trouble nt f me other disorder, when In reality
it Is most serious heart disease that Is slowly
and surely approaching. This ratal error may
be avoided by a careful study of the following:
Early symptoms of heart disease are periodi-
cal headaches (Fig. 1). flushing of cheeks or
face upon slight exertion <Fi s. 2-3). fluttering
of hfart-palpltatlon— (Fig. I), weakness of
limbs at times (Fig. 5-5). shortness of breath
upon slight exertion, irregular pulse. smother-
Ing spells, tendency to tain, and P ain In side
It Is gratifying to know that a positive and
permanent cure for heart disease has been
found. The remedy is HUDTAN.
+ . HUDYAN corrects
i MFN AMPI tne a *>ove symp-
WOMFN • tOms ' for HODTAN
1 Ahv^rn strengthens the heart
ADVISED and rebuilds the brok-
rhth., en-down tissues. Men
I Call Or Write. aril women from all
•♦■ •♦■ I'»rts of the country
.. Ay . . , nave t"ld haw HL'D-
-IAN saved them from an early grave HUD-
YAN regulates th* hearts action. HUDYAN
gives tone to the heart muscle.
Stomach and liver disorders often cause func-
tional heart disease. HUDYAN promptly cures.
HLDTAN curt-:' are permanent. 1
HUDYAN Is fcr sale by dnicrglsts 60c a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
• If your druggist (Toes not keep HUDYAN.
■end direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets San
Francisco, Cal.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors
About Your Case Free of Charge. Call or
Writ*. ■ 'SPORTS
REALIZATION
EASILY TAKEN
BY ETHELBERT
Spencer's Mount Wins
Pulled Up.
TWELVE LENGTHS TO SPARE
LOTHARIO SECOND AND FILON j
DOR THIRD.
Mesmerist Captures the Second Half
of the Double Event and Dr.
Catlett the Independence
Steeplechase.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 4.— This was get
away day at Sheepshead Bay, and the [
crowd at the track was bigger than any
other since the Suburban, at least 20,000
people being present, most of them
drawn by the rich Realization stakes tor
three-year-olds at a mile and live fur
longs. All the good three-year-old colts;
with the exception of Filigrane and Jean
Bereaud. were eligible, and out of these
tlve elected to go to the post, with Ethel
bert a pronounced favorite.
In the first break Half-Time stumbled,
threw his jockey and ran a mile at top
speed before he was caught. After some
delay they were sent out again, and this
time the flag fell with Filon dOr in front,
Ethelbert next and The Bouncer third.
As they came sailing down the stretch
the jockeys were lying low on their
horses' necks, for the wind was blowing
a gale up the track and their speed was
greatly retarded thereby. As they passed
the grand stand half a mile of the dis
tance had been run in :50 2-5, and Filon
dOr was half a length in front of Ethel
bert. he a length in front of The
Bouncer, and all going well in spite of
the half-gale that was impeding them.
They reached the five furlong mark in
1:03 3-5, and then for a short time the
wind was behfnd them and Spencer took
a good hold of Ethelbert, letting the wind
help him as it would, although he saw
that he got a length the best of Filon
dOr as they rounded the lower turn. Un
der the wind and as they straightened
out for the run under all canvas the boys
on Lothario and Filon dOr foolishly tried
to catch Ethelbert, instead of saving
their strength for the final rush through
[the stretch. As they came up to the
upper turn, which marked the end of the
mile 1:44 1-5 had been clicked off on the
watch of the timer, and Etheibert, under
wraps, was still a length to the good.
Next came Filon dOr, two lengths in
front of The Bouncer, both being urged
a bit by their riders, while Lothario was
fourthjfand ..•"-Time, hopelessly eaten,
in last place.
The mile and a Quarter on the upper
turn and the last bit f of the race with
lair wind was reached in 2:10 by Lthel
bert but Spencer had concluded that it
was tim- for him to clinch the rac<^ and
he loosened his horse's head and leu the
others as if they were standing still. The
speed was not great ' hen, but the ground
covered had been long and the wind wa3
no less than it hail been. With but a
quarter of a mile to go; the lot came into
the stretch. Ethelbert gaining with every
jump. A furlong from home he was .i
half-dozen lengths in the lead, and in
spite: of the fact that Spencer took a
steadying pull on him he won by a dor.en
lengths, while Lothario got the place
by a couple of lengths.
From a spectacular point of view, the
Independence steeplechase was the best.
It was over the long course, and Dr. Cat
lett was the favorite, with Peconi-j a
strong second choice. At the fall of the
flag. Peconic went out at once, attended
by Dr. Catlett and Wigtown, and they
ran that way until they had passed the.
grand stand the second time, and weru on
the last lap of their Journey. Then Fin
nigan sent Dr. Catlett after the leader,
and •i.igan followed suit with Westown.
It was all Peoonio wanted, for he stopped
at on"cc and finished the race in the rear
of the procession.
It was a pretty contest from this time
out between the favorite and Westown,
and it looked as if they would have the
race to themselves until the last jump
had been . Mated. Then Harry Smith
set loose King T at them, and, while h<?
could not pass Dr. Catlett, he man.it:",]
to snatch second place away from
■\Vestown.
The other stake on the card was the
second half of the Double Event, with
Prince of Melbourne, winner of the ;irst
half, coupled with Radford, as the
favorite. The Bromley pair. Mesmerist
and Irorjuois Belle, were well backed
second choice?. The start was made
promptly. and Mesmerist was in front
from end to end. winning with a trifle to
spare, whil* Mark Cheek got the place.
Results:
Five furlong.- -Fluke won, Bis Gun second.
Prestidigitator third. Tim*, 1:01
Six furlongs — Klarney Stone won. Dr. Eioh
bers- second. Armament third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Double Event Futurity Mesmerist
won, Mark Cheek secon<l, Radford third. Time,
1:12 1-5.
Realization, mile and five-eighth?— Ethelbert.
US (Spencer), 9 to 20 and out, won; Lothario,
122 (Turner). 10 to 1 and 5 to 2. second; Filon
»VOr. 119 (O'Leary)..6 to 1 and 2 to 1, third.
Time. 2:61 2-5 The Bouncer and Half Time
i in.
independence steeplechase, full course— l>r.
'"atlett won, King T second, Westown third.
5:13.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Maximo Gomez
won, Intrusive second. Great Land third. Time,
1:47 2-J.
.
CROCKET WINS HANDILY.
Finishes in Front for the Independ-
ence Stakes at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. July 4.— The Independence
stakes, valued at $1500, was the feature
at the Fair Grounds to-day. f'rooket
was favorite in the opening of the bet
ting, but receded from a heavy play on
the others. To a good start Crocket
jumped into the lead and stay.-.! there
throughout, winning handily by two
lengths from the post favorite. "Forget
Not, with Obsidian in third place. The
■track was fetlock deep In mud. Results:
One mile, !»-ii!!)e K'>>-nlKpn won, Hush sec
end. Traveler third. Time, 1:45%.
On* and one-half mile, selling;— Gomez won
Almante second. Demosthenes thlni. Time
2:43.
On<* mile, selling: — Forbush won, L,lvadia sec
ond. TroxilJo third. Time, 1:45.
-year olds, five and one-half furlongs—
Sejjiiranoa won. Maud Wallace second, Martha
Street third. Time, 1:11%.
Independence handicap stakes, 11500, mile
and three-sixteenths Crocket won. Forget Not
ffcond. Obsidian third. Time, 2:04%.
Handicap, Fix furlongs— Pat Morrissey won,
Our Gertie second. Fireside ...Ird. Time. I;l4'^.
One rnil«* and seventy yarfls— fUlTaeHo won.
Streamer second. Rebel Jack third. Time,
REIFF WINS A PLATE.
Midget American Pilots an Outsider
to Victory.
LONDON, July 4.— At to-day's racing: at
the Nottingham July mec-tlnK J- R<ifT,
the American Jockey, won the Burford
on B. Foster's three-year-old chest
nut fill y Marceline. This race is a han
dicap of 200 sovereigns by subscript
ereigns each ■<:><) '■■ sovereigns extra
for starters; for three-year-olds and up
ward. Nine horses ran five furlongs
straight. The betting was 8 to 1 against
' '' ne -
See
Miss Pearl Hlckman and Irish dances at
International Cakewalk Carnival, Me
chanics' Pavilion. July 15 to 22. •
RACING, BASEBALL TENNIS, COURSING,
HOT FINISHES
BETWEEN THE
HARNESS HORSES
Great Day's Sport at
Oakland Track.
FOURCHOICES FINISHED FIRST
DR. LEEK'S DENTTNA LET HER
FRIENDS DOWN HARD.
Harvey B Cakewalked In — Catinka
Wiggled In Before Her Com
pany — Guy Vernon Downed
Athavis.
Devotees of harness horse sport found
sion from the exploding
bomb and noisy "red head" at Oakland
tra.k yesterday. The racing was con
: under the auspices of the Golden
Turk Driving Association, and was
SS , ,\ D j ■ • ■ •■■■pie. A lengthy
programme of six events was decided, and
ls sundown, and long past, ere the
crowd left for this side. The card could
been shortened and the rules much
more clearly interpreted.
The sport wore :i clean look from the
t, the finishes of the different heats
being highly invigorating. Johnny Hum
phreys and Harry Corbett attended to the
wants of all of a speculative turn of mind,
and Johnny remarked "they about held
their own." It could be said that four j
legitimate favorites won. in Harvey B,
Catlnka, King Cadenza and Guy Vernon. j
The opening event for "green 'uns" saw |
erx line up tor the word, with A. B. P.
driven by Patrick, a sizzling hot choice.
After finishing sixth, then fourth, Lady
Falroße, with H. Miller at the helm,
stepped off two winning heats without a |
"jimmy."
A big thing was to have come off In the ;
2:30 class affair, but it has now been !
postponed. Dr. Leek journeyed to far
away Petaluma, returning with the mare
Dentina to "fool the boys." Ruling fa
vorite for the first heat, she collided with
her pedigree before the stretch was reach
ed, finishing sixth, despite the doctor's
liberal use of the scraper.' Consistent as
ever in the next two he, its she again fin
ished sixth at each essay. Ethel H. the •
long shot of the day. a 6 to 1 shot, sallied
to victory in the third and fourth heats, ■
well handled by L.. Richardson. Fair
mount Prince and Alfred H each" secured
a heat, but failed to stay the route.
The race for the O'Kane challenge cup
furnished no contest whatever. Harvey
B secured the two necessary heats with
out a struggle, with Admiral Dewey sec
ond at each trial. Prince Howard, the
only other contender, was distanced the |
first heat. ■
King Cadenza, over which H. Dunlap
held the reins, made the other five entries
in the 2:20 class look cheap. Nicely rated,
the son of Steinway stepped off two very
pleasant heats in 2:25%; 2:20%. On each
occasion he was followed out by Prince ,
c. The winner was a pronounced choice
In the betting.
Perhaps to Mr. Brod's good driving, pos
sibly to the bad handling of Athavis -by
Mr Drury Guy Vernon, the favorite, cap
tured the" butchers' race. Vernon won the
opening heat in 2:30. Athavis then came
out and put bis foot down in 2:24 ,-2, leav
ing Guv back in the dust. or the third
and deciding heat Athavis ruled a con
scientious sort of a favorite, but possibly
lacked condition. Just before the stretch
was reached he stepped on some tacks,
and Mr. Brod and his gray were the he
roes of the afterpiece.
SUMMARY.
First race— Trotting and pacing; green class; '•
Lady* Valrose', by Falrose (H. Miller)
_ 6 4 11
General' Smith, untraced <\V. Ham
erton) ■• 4 12 2
Sweet Peas, by Ira Woolsey (T.
Miller) 1 5 bar. ;
A H P ' untraced (H. Patrick) ... .2 2 3 ro. !
Blanche L. by Nephew (Leaner). ...» 3 4 ro. j
Sandow by Dlctatus (J. O'Kane)... .s 6 6 ro. j
Tlme-^:S6, 2:31. 2:29',. I:::*; 1 *
Second race— 2:3o class; trotting and racing; |
Ethel' H, by' Don Marvin (L. Rich-
Klhel H. by Don Marvin ( I>. Kion-^
ardson) 5 4 11
Fairrnount Prince, by John Seven
Oaks (W. Hamerton) 2 13 2j
Alfred H, untraced (J. Hamerton)... l 3 5 3;
Billy McKJnley, by Tosemlte (E. ■;:-• j
Stewart) 3 2 2 ro. .
Lee Rose, by Waldstein (T. Miller). . 4 5 4 ro. !
Dentlna. by Ludan (Dr. Leek) 6. 6 6 ro. '
Time— 2:27, 2:29U, 2:35.
Third race — O'Kane challenge cup; heats, 2
In 3:
Harvey 1?. by Steinway (J. Ohlandt) l i
Admiral Dewey, by Dawn (U. Gallagher... 2 2
Prince Howard, by Dexter Prince (W.
Hamerton) diß
Time— 2:37, 2:31.
Fourth race— Free for all pace; heats, 3 in 5:
Catinka. by Abbourord (H. Patrick). . 3 1U
Butcher Boy. by Secretary (Costello)...l 4 2 :
l'lunkett. by Strathern (J. Coon) 2 3 3
Roan Wllkes, by Raymond (F. G. j
O'Kane) 4 2 4'
Time— 2:22^4. 2:17*. 2:18%.
Fifth race— 2:2o class; trotting: and pacing;
heats". 2 in 3:
King Cadenza, by Steinway (H. Dunlap)... l 1
Prince C, by Cyclone (N. Curley) 2 2 !
Atto Vein, by Electioneer (G. Kleiner) 4 3
Mattie B. untraced ill. Auzerals) 3 6i
Correct, by Direct (Huttua) 5 4
Peanuts, by Sidney (F. G. O'Kane) 6 6
Time— 2:2s%, 2:20 V
Sixth race — Butchers' race; heats, 3 in 5:
Guy Vernon, by Guy AVilkes (Ham- I
mond) •- 1 2 1;
Athavis. by Clovia (Drury) 2 1 2
Roxie, by Guy Wllkes (Finnstone) 3 3dx 1
Time-2:30. 2:24%. 2:2:. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
GEORGE WHITNEY
IS A PEERLESS
TENNIS PLAYER
Defeats Champion
Sumner Hardy.
MOST BRILLIANT CONTEST
GREAT ENTHUSIASM AT THE
CLOSING MATCH.
Pacific States Lawn Tennis Associa
tion Tournament at San Rafael
a Complete Success in
Every Respect.
The Pacific States Lawn Tennis Cham
pionship Tournament at San Rafael is
over and George Whitney Is the hero of
thf hour. His second and final battle for
supreme racket honors was fought out
yesterday and ho is now invested with all
the rights and honors that go with the
tennis championship of the coast. Sum
rier Hardy felt his strong- right arm yes
terday afternoon and was placed hors dv
combat after the most brilliant single
match of the throe days' contests.
It can hardly be said that fceorge Whit
ney's playing was equal to that of Mon-
Caugbt Round the Tennis Net at San Rafael.
day, when he defeated Sam Hardy in
: three straight sets; yet for this very rea
l eon the match was m^re exeitinp. Sum-
m er Hardy won the first set. This aujf
tnented the doubt as to the outcome.
When the second set was four all and
Hardy showed a speed that was amazing,
! things looked blue in the California Club
camp and Oakland rejoiced to the full.
j Had this set become the property of
: Hardy Oakland money would have k> ac
| around the courts begging for an accep
tance. Hut s»uch was not to be. The
local man won the next two pm=s and
the two Beta following, dealing a double
death blow to the- Hardy family.
The first game of the contest went to
Hardy. He took a lesson from his
: brother's defeat, profiting by a close at
tention to Whitney's style of play in this
match He knew as well as anybody that
if he were to lay low the winner of the
All-Comers, he must play a daring, auda
cious and risky game. This he did, and
his playing was full "f brilliance ana
dash. He passed Whitney again- and
again by the most perfect back-hand
drives, accepting chances that seemed
■ futile. There was a strong contrast be
tween Whitney's cautious, careful and
persistent work and Hardy's reckless and
successful exhibition. Perhaps no more
brilliant tennis has ever been. Been i:i
California.
At the end of the second set when the
score read a set for each contestant, six
games to tour, both Whitney and Hardy
felt confident of ultimate victory. Not so
with the bottle-holders and seconds. Rob
ert N. Whitney and Sam Hardy each
sweating over the body of his brother.
On the back lines they swore to them
| PP ]ves— and smiled alternately as the for
tune, of the battle changed. As Joe Daily
shouted the result of each score in the
i third set as It went creeping up for Whit
i new until he had five straight games,
"Brother" Bob was getting rid of a
i pocketful of cigars and ••Brother" Sam
was thinking of funerals. Sumner won
1 the sixth game which was his sole por
' tlon in the third set. The California ron
i tlngent sang 'Must One Game" and the
young lady friends of the Oakland man
stamped petulantly.
This was really the end of the contest,
though another "set had to be played.
Hardy was weakening, losing confidence
In himself and failing to Bcore by his bold
1 chances Whitney steadily improved his
game which was of the championship
order. The first game of the final set was
Hardy's and then the local asphalt king
: captured six straight without the wink-
Ing of an eye. The championship match
of 1899 was completed and congratulations
' followed. Whitney is the winner of two
1 cups one for the all-comers and the other
for the championship victory.
The score of the match yesterday was
4 — 6 G_4 6 — l, 6—l.
In the morning a consolation doubles
was played Very little interest was taken
in this affair, the spectators being .satis
fied with a nier- knowledge of results. The
i scores of this tournament are: Bradshaw
: and Root beat DlbWee and Crooks 6—2.
I Cy— 3; Hardy and Hunt beat Welhe and
i Nicholson G — 4. 4—6. G— 2; Bradshaw and
Root beat Roth and Allen C— 2. 6—4; Hardy
and Hunt beat Powers and Phillips 6— s,
, G— 3. The finals were won by Hardy and
1 Hunt. 6—4, 6—3, over Bradshaw and Boot.
CANDELARIA
CAPTURED THE
RESERVE STAKE
Final With Daisy Clair
Was Close.
— « —
GOOD COURSES AT UNION PARK
TOD SLOAN BEAT FOR GLORY AT
10 TO 1.
Wait-a-Little Ran an "Undecided".
Wit Crawford Lad, but the Lat
ter Failed to Score in
the Run-Off.
There were fifty-six entries in the Re
serve stake, for all-age greyhounds, at
"Union Coursing Park yesterday. The tlnal
was won by J. Seggerson's Candelaria In
a pretty and close course with Russell,
Allen <& Wilson's Daisy Claire. The lat
ter was favorite at odds of 1 to 2. Can
delaria l<-il and held the hare for a few
turns, afn-r which there were a few ex
changes and Daisy had somewhat the best
of the last part, but Candelaria killed and
won the Btake.
It was an "on and off" day for betting,
both long shots and favorites having their
1 inning's. In the second round Tod Sloan
beat For Glory at 10 to 1 after running
two undecided courses in the first. This 1
was a surprise, as For Glory led and
looked a winner in the beginning, but Tod
outworked his opponent at all points to
ward the end of the game. The next best
short end, to win at 4 to 1, was Maid of
Erin, who worked very cleverly after St.
Anthony led to the hare.
Daisy Claire ran strong and conscien
tiously and was lucky in her first two
courses in not being pitted against crack
dogs, though when she did get high class
dogs she did very well and snowed herself
a true sister to lior-ie Claire, who won the
consolation stake last Sunday. Candelaria
went through the stake by hardly win
ning every course, though he easily beat
Forgive, who is regarded as a "lurcher."
Altogether it was a .splendid day's cours
ing. The hares ran strong, and though
many of the courses were long they were
not gruelling. In the third round Wait a
Little and Crawford Lad ran an "unde
cided." The former got the best of the
slip, led for several lengths, caught the
hare and fell. Crawford Lad got a turn
and Wait a Little made two wrenches and
a kill. In the run-off the Lad never
scored.
Following is a summary of the rounds:
Reserve stake, first — Maid of Erin beat
Liberty Bell; St. Anthony beat Master (Jordan;
Maggie N beat Miss Skyrocket: Fleeting Fancy
beat lowa Maid; Magnet beat Senorita; For
give beat lowa Boy; Candelaria beat Quick -
Btltch; Black Hess beat Safeguard; Cavalier
beat Sunburst; Black Lock beat Terronite; Tod
Sloan beat Innisf alien; For Glory beat Mag
neto- Kosle Claire beat Bonlta; Border's Val
entine beat Free Silver Boy; Winning Style
beat Pastime; Battleship beat Flying Faster;
Gallagher beat Beau Peep; Crawford Lad beat
St mo; Scout beat Old Glory; Walt a Little
beat Ben Hur; Daisy Clalr beat Trinket; Lain
Rookh beat Irma; Sweet Lips beat Wheel of
Fortune; Rochester beat Las Palmas; Con
queror beat Tic Tar; Hot Haste beat The
Devil; Minerva beat Report; Sharkey beat High
Dice.
Second round — Maid of Erin beat St. An
thony; Maggie N beat Fleeting Fancy; For
give beat Magnet; Candelariri beat Black Bess;
Black Lock beat Cavalier; Tod Sloan be*< For
Glory; Ro«le Claire beat Border's Valentine;
Battleship beat Winning Style; Crawford Lad
beat Gallagher; Wait a Little boat Scout; Daisy
Clair beat Lalla Rookh; Rochester beat Sweet
Lips; Conqueror beat Hot Haste; Minerva beat
Sh.irkey.
Third round— Maggie N beat Maid of Erin;
Candelaria beat Forgive; Black Lock beat Tod
Sloan; Rosle Claire beat Battleship; Wnlt ft
Little beat Crawford Lad; Daisy Claire beat
Rochester; Minerva beat Conqueror.
Fourth round— Candelaria beat Magpie- X:
Black Lock bent Rosle Claire; Palsy Clair
beat Walt a Little.
Filth round — Candelaria beat Black Lock;
Daley Clalr a bye; Minerva withdrawn.
* Final— Candeiaria beat Daisy clair.
Fresno Defeats Selma.
FRESN<">. July 4.— S^lirm wn> defeated to-day
hy a ficore of 8 to 2. Both teams made all
their runs In the fourth Inning, when Fresno
l.atted Munfion out of th<' box. A home run
hy Decker with t)i.- bast-p full, and a sensa
tional running catch by <"hance, were the fea
tures of the game. Score:
R. H. B.
Fresno 8 12 6
Selma 2 6 1
Batteries— Maul and Swarts: Munson, Davis
and BustlllOß. |
■^^ <&
DENTISTS WIN
A GREAT TEN
INNING GAME
Dunlevy's Sensational
but Costly Catch.
LETS IN THE WINNING RUN
OAKLAND DEFEATED IN A MOST
PECULIAR MANNER.
Andrews and Steffani Both Pitch
Winning Ball — Some Fine
Fielding by Each
Team.
By making a sensational catch of a
foul fly Dunlevy lost a ten-inning game
for Oakland yesterday afternoon that was
as full of pyrotechnics as any well regu
lated Fourth of July celebration could
boast of. No blame can be attached to
Dunlevy, however, for he had played a
marvelous fielding game throughout, ac
cepting eight chances without an error,
three of them being long foul flies that
he took from off the fence In front of the
left field bleachers.
The peculiar condition whereby he last
the game by making a put-out occurred
in the tenth inning. Graham had opened
with a double and went to third when
Steffani suddenly snapped the ball to sec
ond to catch him napping. The bag was
uncovered and the ball rolled out to cen
ter. After Anderson had been assisted out
at first by Steffani Dairymple sent up a
high fly to left that looked at, the start as
though it would fall in fair territory. Dun
levy started after the bail, which was
carried outside the foul line by the wind.
The iielder, who was looking up at the
ball, could not see that it was foul, and
by a great sprint hi- managed to get under
and hold It. Graham was ready at third,
and as soon as the ball landed in Dun
levy's hands he started home and scored
what proved to 'be the winning run. Had
Dunlevy not caught it Graham would
have been held at third.
Oakland came dangerously close to
si oring in its half, for with one man gone
the bases were tilled, but a great double
play ended the trouble.
With the exception of Schmeer, who
had an off day and piled up three bungles,
the Qelding on both Bides was exception
ally brilliant. Leake for the Dentists and
Dunlevy for the Dudes carrying off the
honors. Andrews was in in. box for the
visitors and again demonstrated that with
Donlin out oi it he is the fastest pitcher
in the league. For nine innings Oakland
banged away with the nei result of one
homesick swat. In the t>-nth they picked
up two more, but they were not fruitful
ot runs.
StetTani, Oakland's new twlrler, also
pitched a fine game, seven hits being the
>urn total dt San Jose's stick work. Bar
ring a tendency to waste time beforv de
livi ring the bail he made a most favorable
impression on the cranks. Nothing
sei in. d to rattle him, not even the coach-
Ing of Dalrymple and oDea, and twice
when San J.^s.- opened up with doubles h-j
r-tir.-d the side without a run. Unfor
tunately he forced in the first run for the
visitors' by a base on balls, but that «as
liis only evidence of fllgntlness. Steffani
gives promise of fooling: the hardest hit
ting ti^ims in the league. He is a .S.ui
Jose boy, but will make his hnm>- in
Oakland and devote his time to the game.
bevy had several close decisions to
make and acquitted himself creditably,
though once or twice the crowd thought
he was off, but in every instance hit de
cision was in accordance with the rules.
San Jose scored its first run in the sec
ond, when Hanlon made the circuit
on singles by himself and ODea, an error
by Ford, which tilled the bases, and a pass
to Leake, forcing Hanlon home. ; ,
Oakland tied it up in the fourth. Peeples
led off with a single and was sacrificed to
second by * Hammond. Hardie flew to
Graham and Peeples started for third.
Graham tried to head him off, but Iho
ball got away from ODea and Pet-pies
kept on home.
From that time until the tenth, when
Dunlevy's catch cost a tally, there was
not a sign of a run. In Oakland's half of
the last inning, with one man ou|, Lang"
and Schmeer singled. Donovan hit 'to
Leake. who tried for Schmeer at second,
but the kid beat the ball and the bases
were full. Ford followed with another
smash that nearly upset Leake when he
stopped it, hut he handled It nicely, forc
ing Donovan at second, and Andorson,
who made the putout. sent the ball to first
a^ead of Ford, terminating as nice, clean
a game as has been played here yet.
Score:
OAKLAND.
AE. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Peeples, 2 b 3 l 1 o ] 2 0
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 3 •> 0
Hardie. r f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Dunlevy, 1 f 3 0 0 0 7 - l o
Lange 3 b 2 0 10 2 10
Schmeer, s s 4 0 10 4 3 3
Donovan, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Ford, 1 b 4 0 0 0 11 0 1
Steffani, p 3 0 0 0 0 7 l
— — — — — ___
Totals 30 1 3 0 30 16 "j
SAN JOSE.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McOucken. ef 4 0 10 5 0 0
Graham, rf 4 1 1 n 2 0 0
Anderson. 2 b 5 0 0 0 2 6 1
Dalrymple, If 5 0 10 2 0 0
Hanlon, 1 b 5 1 1 0 12 0 0
ODea, 3 b 3 0 2 0 10 1
Leake, ss 3 0 1 0 1 7 0
Andrews, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 4 10
Total ...36 2 7 0*29 16 ~2
•Schmeer out on Lange'a interference with
thrown ball. '
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 00100000 o—l
Base hits 0 00100000 2—3
San Jose 0 10000000 1 2
Base hits 1 2 110 1 0 0 0 I—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Steffani, 2. Two-base
hits— McGucken. ODea, Graham. Sacrifice hits
— Leake, Kent. Hammond. Graham. ' First base
on errors— Oakland, 1; San Jose. 4. First base
on called balls — Oakland, 3: San Jose, 1. Left
on bases— Oakland, 4; San Jose, 9. Struck out—
By Steffani. 3; by Andrews, 3. Hit by pitcher—
ODea, Peeples. . Double plays— Dunlevy to
Hammond to Lange: Leake to Andrews to Han
lon; Anderson to Kent to Hanlon. Time of
game — Two hours. Umpire — Levy. Official
scorer — Stapleton.
Santa Cruz Wins.
SANTA CRI'Z, July 4.— The game to
day resulted as follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E
Williams, 2b :> 1 0 0 2 0 0
Pace, c 3 2 2 2 5 3 0
Devereaax, 3b 3 1 1 i i ; y
Clark, lb 4 0 1 0 9 i o
L'rennan, o. f 4 0 0 0 l o 0
Strleb. 1. f 3 1 1 2 S 0 0
Arellanes, r. f 4 1 0 0 1 i 2
Kleiber. 9. s 3 0 1 0 3 2 1
Balsz. p 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
Totals 34 6 6 5 27 11 4
WATSON VILL.E.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E
Brockoff. 3b 5 1 2 0 2 5 2
Courtney, ». s 1 1 0 o 2 2 l
Selna, lb 3 1 0 0 13 0 0
Morrow, c 4 1 0 0 7 1 1
Billings, c. f. it 2b.. 4 0 2 10 1 0
Blake. 2b & r. f 4 0 2 0 3 1 2
Kelly, c. f. & r. f... 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hayes, 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 o 0
Harper, p 2 0 0 0 0 4 1
Totals 28 4 6 1 27 14 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 11100120 o— *
lia^e hits 02300010 o—6
Watson ville 2 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 o—40 — 4
Base hits 1 0 0 0 3 0 11 o—6
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Strleb. Two-base hit— Pace.
Sacrifice hits— Kleiber, Hayes. Kelly. Courtney.
First base on errors— Santa Cruz 5, Watsonville
3. First base on called balls— Santa Cruz 3.
Watsonville 5. Left on baees— Santa Cruz a.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
► 'Dr. Carl D^b I||E'IIIIIAmi 111 See tlie Herd «
r ChtropoJtstjtiJ I H***** and -Ponies — *
k Ma^ur—'on pi r Coldenßule Bazaar. T^ twiiwin 2
► mi^ nwe t "° 0r 'CAUfWniASLAQC£ST-AMERICA'SCRAIIDESTSTOf£; .;/"' fr ,~ 2
X «'*r postcjp.ee. Clll — yrte. V
v All izj>ay SPECfAL SALES f
t Colored *
i JPli Parasols I
\ j^MW Half Price I
I /U^7 i* On special sale to-day (Wednesday) only, our £
', entire stock of Colored Coaching and Car- J
I W^T^ ; . ' ri age Parasols at" just one- half the present «
k \^-* !v^*!^ 1 marked pnee. +
k $1.00 Parasols... .soO ] $2.50 Para?o!s...s/-25 | $5.00 Parasols... s2. sO *
v : j
X J
I Dress Goods Special To-Day %
I Less Than Manufacturer's Cost. J
► The greatest Dress-Goods Prc: -Cutting of the year —^member J
k that these astounding reductions are for Wednesday oniv. %
£ 46-inch Novalty Suiting: in Stylish Mixtures of greens, blues an! lavenders — J
i original v&lue $1.25 yard — Special for Wednesday only 4-9 C +
£ 40-inch Silk and Wool Mixed Satin Finish Fancy Suiting, three handsome designs <£
k in li^ht summer thade?, original vain* $1.25 y.iri — spec on Wednesday onlv.^Oo ♦
V 42-inch Fancy Checkei Cheviot — two-tone! effects — brown and black and green •
► and back— also stylish effect? in bright plaids — Dreseit price 75c yard — special "J
► all day Wednesday 4Oc %
42-inch Fancy Two-Tone i Curled Mohair, always stilish ar.d durable, seven choice •
£ co^orin^s in broch; eff-ct*. original vilue 75-. yard— special o i Wednesday only
I at ■ WO «
► J
i 35c and 40c Piques Wednesday Special «
I To-Day 21c Yard. eat Safe, 62c. \
► Oar entire line of Imported Fancy
► Pique-, French and English " m 'kef, so == ~ -~~~ —^7 Family Meat *
► fashionable for Suits, Skirts and Waist?, [I t — -rff^f ' Safe hke P ict ? re> 2
r colorings rich and exclusive— were 35c f^~ j If f. ; V]I i'^ inches high, j
\ and 40; yard— on special sale for to-day *te V-== L ■ =y| fine wire screen 5
k only '. 21c rfjU-Lis=— ---J p^i on sides and
k '"" _«»__^_- . |.< :; '^ : rr^p ■:•'- j| front, adjustable
{ Greatest of All B^^ji: pP:S fft; to °. D da s v pe o C nfy ?
► Book Specials. > ~~~ — liT at esc j
► 77^>t' 7ti'3 Remarkable Bar- , <
J[ /<2/«s y4r^ Positively for Wednes- — v <t
k day only': 1
► New Cloth-Bound Books, /sc« —--«<»• 2
t loosuchtui.sa »: To-Day Crockery ;
k Romance of Two Worlds, Snow Im- «■■__#* »_ -^.^."_ .»^. <•
[ age, Grandfather's chair, Bonnie EJGiJ t %>I9GGI3ISa «
7 Prince Charlie. With Wolfe in Can- r r j
H'!a, Under Drake's Flag. True tJ --?--~«-  , „,-.„ , Ta _ 2
► the Old Flag, Light That Failed. 1 , (^s=LeH^ Good quality of Jelly <f
k Uncle Tom'? Cahln. Black Beauty. P>^_^___»^-^ Tumblers with tin covers, "1
k Longfellow, Tennyson and Whit tier's P">«S=SsSbSH can b e usetl afterward <
k Poems, etc^. etc " n pi -I "# for the table; regularly *
► Those famous Bonner Books, , , ~ 85c doz^n; special price J
kSO each— 3 for 25Cm j '1 '' to-day only, per dozen
h75 t t •■- Sp'endid Kurnmer R'iidinff : I -■"■•- > . 25C <j
k Bailiff's Scheme. Haunted Husband. '■£ >— LI >^ . Fancy Shape Individual <
V Kit Carson's Last Trail. Love [a " r ,. ■,>, «•„___ - nf » rpa m Pitrhar "#
L Lord of All. "Hollo of Normandy,: l^K •.- < "\j 5, ? ar and Cream i-itctier, J
£ Scourge of Damascus, etc., etc. >^.4 t Lki>' r Carlsbad China, tinted in J
w ... biue, green "^^T^S^N, <
I Pure Groceries, *"£* f^s3fe?( 3
S —. mm rptiuiarlr .\tt* V- A In <
I Fine Liquors* 25c a pair; [V.- v ; >; .7 \^yy/ *
£ i'jjc xtraord in Specials for special to- p("^v*.'*r* '• \^'j 2
{ Wednesday and Thursday only : a *l' t^ 6g <
£ imported Sardines— }ts......\ . 3
f ..........7 Cans far 50c ' ' ~\
%. Fancy Maine Sweet Corn +
I —We guarantee that there is none bet- <£
h ter at any price — only i d cans to a QQq tin- &r\ *
► customer, at per dozen, $1.05— 0r can ' V"- '< *
► ...•. 9c derwear JrJ J
J ' Bromangelon — I-dorsed and - <9£** L //^K 2
r recmmen:ed by the New York Journal MOM" tfOui /^\ •U\v,UY\ 4
? of Health as a pure and valuable food / 'fi A
C proiuct— package regularly 13c, for this Agreat .Underwear fi?'^\\\\hm\ i
► sale on.v and /on// o/-*5 /o a customs opportunity for men. Vs^^l |l|; 4
■ " ' " lOc oz?n fine derby \\ 4
► Domestic Champagne ribbed, form-fitting A^TT/ (I <
► a charred wine, but naturally ferment* i srarmjnts; Shirts or [ImKM i l 2
P —purchase money cheerfully refunde-l if Drawers; handsome Inj Ui!h\\ Vi J
t on sampling it fails to please: blue shade; trimmed •; r^A !W- J
I 12 quarts for $W, o- 24 pints for $1O splendidly; pearl but- L|j |{ i,^ :IW ff '
I Assorted Table Wines— Our tons; drawers gus- V|iJ/M / 4
* best qu.litv Claret, Rj.s.in S> Burgundy seted and re-en- \tiUt V ii; i |, _. 4
► andSauterne: forced: extra , - well ///«*// /' r /bs£ "4
* Case 12 quarts for *3.80 knitted.clean.bright. [ ///..' II
► Or 24 pints for 54-OO^aple goods fresh W—^J/il^, «
£ Orange Cider-* healthy sum- from the mill, am a \I/ (J 2
t mer drink- for 2 days : big bargain at 50c / - C -O> 2
I 1 dozen quarts $2.00 "eh; *pec:al to-day c >l j
$, 1 dozen pints $#.00lonly 38c 4
Watsonvtlie 6. Struck out-By Balsz 6. by
Harper 6. Double plays-Clark, unassisted:
"elna" unassisted; Arellanes to Clark, J^'
halls— Morrow 2. Wild pitches— Harper 3. Balsz
1 Time- of game -2-.. Umplr^-Cahill. Scorer
— Flelsle.
Sacramento Wins.
SACRAMENTO. July 4.— l'p to the sixth
inning in to-day's game the contest was
a-* metty as any ever seen on a. local
diamond." At that time the locals found
and straightened out Iberg's curves, and
what ought to have been a 1 to 0 game
was marred so that it looked like Sacra
mento 11. San Francisco l. Doyie pitched
the came of his life and was given good
suDDOrt Sheehan. Kagan ami Stulz each
played star ball and the latter spun a
fonk one over the fence for a home run.
San Francisco played good ball, but Iberg
was clearly outclassed in a contest with
DOyle - SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dennie, r f.. 5 1112 0 0
Harvey, cf 5 * ° 2 ° U
"ovl, P 5 3 4 0 10 1
F.aUn. p B 4 0 2 0 14 1
Phanahan. 1 b 5 12 0 9 0 0
Stanley, c o 1 1 0 7 0 1
McLaughlin. If 3 1 3 0 3 0 0
Stu£ 2 b 5 12 0 2 10
Sheehan. 3 b 5 2 2 0 0 3 0
Totals ** 11 IS 1 27 8 3
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
HUderhran.U. r t... 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
KrUK m a 4 1 0 0 2 7 1
Relllv. 3 b 3 0 10 2 0 1
Sullivan, lb 4 0 1 0 y l o
1-vne C f 3 0 110 0 0
Muller. 1 f 4 0 10 3 0 0
< I'Nelll 2 b 3 0 0 0 3 3 1
Swindells, c 3 0 0 0 6 10
Iberg. p 3 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 31 1 4 1 27 12 3
RUMS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento o o o o o 3 l l 6— n
Ka«e hits 0 0 1113 13 S— IS
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 o—l
Base hits 1 10001010—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Iberp. 9. Home run —
Stulz. Three-base hits— Doyle. Two-base hits
—Sheehan (2); Sullivan. Mcl-aughlin. Sacri
fice hita— Kni?an. First base on errors—Sacra
mento '»; San Francisco, 3. Flrstf bus.' on
called balls— Off Doyle. 1. I-eft on bases—Sac
rament.i. •">; San Francisco, S. Struck out— By
Doyle. .".; by Ibersr. 4. Hit by pitcher— Retlly.
Double plays— O'Neill to Sullivan to Krvig to
O'Neill. Passed balls— Swindslls. Time of
game — One hour and 55 minuter-. Umpire —
O"Connell.
ON CHICAGO TRACKS.
CHICAGO. July 4.— Hawthorne; weather
showery; track slow. Results:
Five-eighth* (if a mile. twr>-year-olds—
Princess Thyi» won. Strathbroeck second. In
Debt third. Time, 1:05.
Seven-eighths of a mile— Hannah won. Oheval
dOr second. Lillian Reed third. Time. 1:3544-
Full course steeplechase — Colonel Wlghtman
won. Del Coronado second, Gjrpcelver thirl.
Time, ."i:O3.
One and an eighth miles. Dewey handicap,
J650 — Prince Blazes won. First Brigade second.
Samovar third. Time, 2:01.
One and a quarter mile*— Monk Waj-mao
w<.n, Isabey second. Krins Kringle third
Time. 1:17.
One mile, selling— Marvato •won, Hard!
second, Winslow third. Time. 1:49.
CHICAGO. July 4.— Showery; tracl
slow. Harlem r> suits:
One and an eithth miles, selling— Fra.nl
Thompson won, .T .1 T seennJ, King Uermudi
third. Time, ! :.7.
Flve-elghtha .it' a mile — Inloofe won, Lomon
pecr.nu. Caviar third. Time, 1:07.
Two miles, selling— lianquo II won, Nonda.'
second. Barton third. Time. 3:55.
Thrf-p-'juart'-rs of a mile— C&nova v>m. Ho
bart second, T>.ny Uralzi thir.'.. Time, 1
fine mile and seventy ynrds. J6W added-
Jchn Baker won. Branch second. What-er-1.. >'
tliird. Time. 1 :i4.
Two miles-, se 111ns— f»enr(?e I^ee won. TeutOl
second. Mr. Eaaton third. Time.
Shamrock Going to the Clyde.
SOUTHAMPTON. July 4— lt is reports
doubtful whether the cup challenge
Shamrock will engage in any trial rao
with the Prince of \V;tl< .-' cutter Brit
annla. The Shamrock bent her sails to
day and will take a spin on Friday. Sh
will start for the Clyde, according to ru
nior.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO
Cure all weakness and diseases of Men
Established 18 years. No pay till curec
Advice and pr.vale book free, at offict
or by mail. Home cures a specialty
Consultation free.
731 Market Street, S. F
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
56
WEDNESDAY : JULY 5, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrws All Commmiicatiorwjoj^
PIJBUCATIO.N OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts-. S. P
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS *IT to 221 St.yen.on Str«e»
Telephone Main 1374.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Bln*le Copies, 5 crnts.
Terms by M-i!. Including Postaeet mann j
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year •«-«"
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 month. 8.00 j
DAILY CALL (includinc Sunday Call). 8 months /.-' !
DAILY call Single Month •-•• °'»
SUNDAY CALL One Year *'V"
WEEKLY CALL One Year ••• ■»■■""
All postmaster, are authorised to receive subscription*.
6amplo copies will be torwarded when reque»t«d.
OAKLAND OFFICE „ -_- 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising Marquotte Building.
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman Hcuee; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel)
Frtmor.i House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENB JR 20 Tribune Building ,
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Aster Hotel; A. Brentanc. 31 Union (Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. .
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
j
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until j
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 i
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
. AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Adventure of Lady Ursula."
California— "A Midnight Bell."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Ehamus O'Brien."
\lcazar— "Don i«sar de Baian" and "Only the Master
Ehail Blame."
Grand Opera House— "The Beggar Student."
Alhambra— "Faust."
Chutes. Zoo tuid Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Par.orama Co.. Market street; near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
>- Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By East m Eldridg* & Co.— Tuesday, July 11. at 13 o'clock.
R^]'Eg;:it-, at S3S Market j»trrt;t.
A SLfiVEriOLDING REACTION.
A. i iRRESPONDENT of the New York
ie, writing from Los Angeles about the
jugation of the Filipinos, says: "Nothing
ices to their senses more quickly than
force properly and paternally applied. It
is precisely the effect of judicious - i J punish
■ on the wayward and precocious youth, of which
he retains the lively recollection for the term of his
natural life."
That was the argument made by Parson Brown
in favor of enslaving the African race and I
stern discipline under bondage. General Lee. the his
:i of the Confederate veterans, in his report at
Charleston welcomed imperialism because it would
bring the race problem home to the whole country
and aid the intentions ' entertained by the South
toward the negro. It is a startling reflection that the
sentiment which led to the abolition of slavery has
• peared, the spirit has evaporated. Lincoln
• i that cause in the name of the Declaration of
pendence, stood for' the equal rights of man and
sternly faced the responsibility of civil war for the
sake of one Union and one law for all under its juris
diction. To-day the Declaration of Indepen
dence is read at all meetings to celebrate the an
niversary of our independence, but what orator will
take his stand upon it as the vital principle of our
government as Lincoln did?
The fact is that there is a reaction against freedom,
against <c] ; government, against government by the
consent of the governed. Unfortunately the leader
ship in this reaction is found in the United Si
One of it? effects is obviously a revival of the la?h
for the ownership of man by man. Chattelry in
human flesh ha? ceased to excite aversion. Next to
owning subjects by a nation comes naturally the
ownership of slaves by individuals. A work has been
written by an P'ncrlish clergyman called "The Missing
Link," wl - ■ I'lely circulated in this coun
try md 'he British colonies by the imperialists in
both countries. It is an argument for the reduction
of the dark races to servitude, with the white races as
their • national and personal. It is an in
'•inion to the literature of imperialism
It tr rses ;e same ground as "The South Side
View of Slavery," Brownlow's vindication of chat
tels and the transactions of the Pro-Slavery Society
of South Carolina. It is a sort of literature that was
obsoleted in this country when the constitution was
amended to forbid slavery and involuntary servitude
in the United States and all places within their juris
diction.
British imperialism stands confessed as a policy ;in
ken for commercial purposes. Prior to 1X24 it
paid, beiau-e negro slavery, with trade, "followed the
flag." When slavery was abolished and it was the
1 of the British conscience that shackles fell from
a slave when his foot touched the soil of the em
pire, the profits of imperialism declined. It is a
policy that pays only when men can be forced to
work in tropical heat and humidity.
We are entering upon imperialism at the dictation j
of greed. Colonel Denby, whose view 9 were
cially adopted when he was sent to the Philip:
after their expression, said: "We take the Philippines
not for the good of their people, but for nur own ;
fit Tf it won't pay us to take them, we don't want
The syndicates and combines which have
I this country into imperialism, for their own
t, are wise in their generation. They want to
make it pay them, and to get a profit which they will
lead the people to think is for the nation they must
own labor and coin its sweat under the lash.
England and the United States, allied to subjugate
the black man, joining in a hypocritical snivel about
the "white man's burden," whicli consists in making
a black man do his work, and whipping him for re
fusing, are led to the practical restoration of slavery.
It is quite startling that when men in the military
service spat on the constitution and condemned it
as unworthy of discussion, .md the pulpit denounced
the Declaration of Independence as "a damnable lie,"
instantly all the furies of human greed and selfishness
were let loose and the man-hunter and slave-catcher
was not ashamed to bawl the righteousness of his
calling.
W. K. Vanderbilt wants to be a king, even if he
becomes only a monarch of railroads. There is a
kingship to rent in Samoa; he might bid for that
THE CUBfIN-AMERICANS.
I
IN our political campaigns we hear of all kinds of
•Americans, except just plain Americans. No one
thinks of nominating a candidate to catch their
: ! votes, and" we hear no flattery of them in stump
I speeches. To the hyphenated Americans from the
: four corners of the earth there has lately been added j
: a new field from the fifth corner, and the new hyphen-
T T *
i nted mongrel is catted a Cuban-American. He is a
■ man who wants to get all the joint advantages of
I American markets and prices, and the cheap labor
| and tropical productions of Cuba. He is a man with- J
i out a country or a pedigree, a professional parasite, j
whose God is a dollar, and whose business it is to I
embroil nations to make trade out of the blood of j
their people. The parasite prates a deal of patriotism j ;
; and has the art of making people believe that the i ,
blood and tears they shed and the moneys they waste j ,
' in needless wars for his benefit are sacrifices made for
their country and mankind. Men of this class have i
organized a Cuban-American League, with head- j
quarters in New York. Its officers are William ■
O. McDowell, president; Charles W. Butler, treas- j
urer; Antonio A. Aguirre, secretary; Dr. Leon Bou- j
land, director of the educational department. Here
. we have an Irishman, a Scotchman, a Spaniard and
: a Frenchman running Cuban- American affairs and J
"educating" the American people to break the word j
| and promise and pledge of the nation by annexing j
| Cub*.
j These men have begun dictating American policy in j
' a fashion if possible more insolent than that of Great i
Britain: On Tune 2 they sent to the President of the j
j United States this insolent letter:
"The Cuban-American League desires to enter its I
most earnest protest against the continuing of the
tariff barrier and foreign rates of postage between the i
United States and Porto Rico, the Philippines and j
I Cuba. So far as Porto Rico and the Philippines are ,
I concerned they are as much a part of the United
States as Alaska or any of the Territories, and we be- i
lieve their continued treatment in the matter of tariff i
and postage as if they were foreign countries is con
trary not only to the letter and spirit of the consti
tution of the United States, but to the best interests
of the nation, and so far as Cuba is concerned we
recognize it is destiny that she should become and
continue a permanent part of the United States, and |
' in order that any of her deluded people that try to ;
oppose or delay this consummation may benefit from
! the educating experience resulting from free trade
with this nation, we urge that so long as she shall
remain under the flag of the United States every I
i courtesy existing between the States of this union
be extended to — that is, free trade and national ;
postage rates. The Cuban-American League recog
i nizes that such a policy will attach her people and her
'. interests to this nation with ties as strong as those |
which bind California, Louisiana, Illinois and New
1 York to their sister States."
If this letter is insolent, the answer is extraordin- !
! ary. The making of tariffs and postal rates is a civil :
' function ot Congress. That body and that alone, un- !
' ! der the constitution, can change, suspend or extend
; them. The Cuban-American letter was answered by j ]
I an Assistant Secretary of War, who said:
1 j "In reply I beg to inform you that the subjects re- > '
| ferred to in your letter are now receiving the earnest j
. ] attention of administrative authorities, especially that j
of the military branch of the public service. The , 1
*. { j
statements made in your letter will be duly weighed j '
1 in connection with an equitable adjustment of the .
important questions."
The "military branch" is considering whether it j
will set aside the laws of Congress and decree free •
trade with Cuba! The "military branch" is contem- ;
! plating the extension of American postage to foreign I
: soil, which Congress has solemnly declared shall not I
:be made a part of our territory! If the "military i
: branch" doesn't see what it wants will it please ask •
for it?
These things, which it is reported by the Assistant
Secretary of War to have under "earnest considera- j (
tion," are none of its business. To make them so is I
:to be guilty of the boldest usurpation. If the Re- ' i
: publican party propose to identify itself with such '
J declarations and such doctrines it is time to look for '
I new leaders who respect the constitution and believe ' *
1 in free government.
i
The "military branch" is spoken of as if it were I •
one of the co-ordinate branches of the Government, j i
when the men who made the constitution regarded a .
military establishment as an evil justified only by nn- t
cessity. . ! t
Surely we are going the pace that kills republics if
| this branch is guilty of even debating its power and '
j right to nullify the laws of the country.
Tobacco and sugar, two prime industries of this .
i country, which are of such importance to our farmers I <
|as to require their protection by a tariff enacted by t
■■ Congress, arc to be ruined by the insolent demand of !
: this Cuban-American League, and if the army weigh '
I. that league against the American farmers and find ;
■ them wanting there will come a Congress in which I
i the army will be stripped of its power and its arro- ! ■
| gance will be humbled. t
EXPEL THE "GRAFTER."
WHEN the Republican Central Committee ;
hnids its meeting on Friday it should proceed
promptly and summarily to the expulsion from
its membership of J. M. Chretien. There is no need
tor <; [of the purpose of investigation. His
record on the Fourth of July Committee has been
made public, and his dismissal from that body has re
ceived popular approval. There will be approval also
for his instant dismissal from the Republican com
mittee.
The issue is one that cannot be avoided. It is now I
a matter of general knowledge that Chretien, while
serving on the Fourth of July Committee, sought to
tin is that patriotic festival into a means of enriching
himself. The evidence of his attempt to "graft" was |
sufficiently convincing to lead to his expulsion from
the committee, and with that fact strongly impressed
upon the minds of the people it will never do to in- 1
trust him with any authority whatever in the manage- j
ment of the Republican campaign.
The American people are tolerant of many things, |
but they will not tolerate a man who turns popular
patriotism into a matter of personal profit and plays j
a confidence game upon the ardent loyalty of the
public. Such a man they will always regard with sus
picion, and any political party which intrusts him with
authority in its management is certain to lose to a
considerable extent the confidence of the masses.
The Republican committee owe 3it to the party to j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
dismiss Chretien from its membership. The men
who are intrusted with the duty of preparing for the i
campaign, handling the party funds and providing a
means by which every Republican shall have an equal
vote at the primaries, must be men who are above
suspicion of "grafting" or making any undue use of
their authority. It is not enough that a majority are
free from suspicion. All must be so. Chretien
must go.
AGRICULTURAL SCIENTISTS.
f~* ALIFORNIA has a cordial welcome for the
( members of the Association of American Agri-
cultural Colleges and Experiment Stations who
have come from their distant homes to attend the
convention which assembles in this city to-day. San
Francises is Fortunate in having the privilege of ex
tending that welcome. A very large proportion of
our citizens own farms or orchards and are interested
in the work in which the visitors are engaged, and will
receive them, therefore, as fellow-workers as well as
distinguished guests.
No State in the Union, and possibly no similar area
of country in the world, can be more interesting to
agricultural experts and, experimenters than Califor-
The whole rural industry of the State is to a
considerable extent an experiment on a grand scale,
with thousands of intelligent, progressive men work-;
ing along varying lines for the accomplishment of
new fesults in vineyards, orchards and fields. In al
most every comity in the State the observant stu- *
dent of scientific agriculture can find something of j
more than ordinary interest and value, because in
every county there arc many men who have long been
experimenting with more or less scientific exactness
in developing rural industries.
As the convention is composed of men who ar« ex- :
perts in agricultural matters and are competent to
judge and estimate the value of what they see, it will j
be gratifying to show them as much of California as
they will have time to visit. When to them we have
made known the great and varied resources of the
State we shall have authorities to speak for us in all
parts of the Union. Their visit to California will,
therefore, prove to be one of mutual benefit as well as
of mutual pleasure, and the welcome they receive in
this city will be repeated and renewed at every place
where they may go to examine the resources of our
golden land.
STUDENT FEES AT STANFORD.
A CORRESPONDENT, whose letter we pub- j
lish in another column, commends the course!
of The Call in opposing the imposition of a
registration fee upon the students of the State Uni- \
versity, and expresses a hope that an equally strong
effort will be made to bring about a repeal of the tax
imposed upon students at Stanford.
The letter is inten sting from the revelation it makes
■ ■ . •••• ■on given by the public to matters of
higher education at our two great universities, and
■ at both of them education
Id be free. For thai reason it is published as an
expression of the voi< c of the people. It will be im
ble, however, for The- Call to oppose the Stan
ford fee system as it did the purpose to impose one
at Berkeley. The conditions of the two institutions 1
are so different that what would have been a wrong
in the one case is perfectly justifiable in the other.
State University is a part of our system of
public education It was founded by the people for
the instruction of the youth of the State and is main
tained by taxation imposed upon the property of all.
The manner of its government f-'id administration is,
therefore, a matter of public concern and is subject to
public criticism just as that of any other State institu- j
tion. The imposition of the suggested registration
fee upon students at a university so established would*
have been wrong, inasmuch as it would have shut out!
from the advantages of the institution the children of i
some of the people who are taxed to maintain it. It
would have defeated the very aim for which the uni
versity was founded — that of making education free.
Stanford University occupies a very different posi- i
tion from that of the State University. It was not
founded by the people, nor is it maintained by them
It is a private institution founded and endowed to
perpetuate the memory of the family of the founder
The trustees may, therefore, conduct it in any manner
they choose so long as they do not violate the terms
under which the trust was created or those of the
charter granted by the State. The trustees have as '
much right to impose a tuition fee upon students of
the university as they have to limit the number of ;
women who will be admitted to it.
It is well known to be the desire of Mrs. Stanford
to provide education at the university as freely as pos
sible, and there can be no good reason for doubting .
that the trustees will co-operate with her to that end.
In time education may be untaxed there as at Berke
ley. The issue, however, is one for Mrs. Stanford
and the trustees to deal with. As the public is not]
taxed to sustain the university it has no right to dic
tate how it shall be conducted.
In view of the riots, threatened strikes and general
disorder in his monarchy, the King of Belgium is
thinking of appealing to the country. If his affairs
grow much worse he will probably discuss seriously
the expediency of taking to the woods rather than
talking to the country.
Tt appears that the day of the dog has passed in
Berkeley. The poisoner is abroad in the land and
aristocratic dames are guarding aristocratic canines
with a vigila*nce worthy of a better cause. The ladies
insist that in Berkeley at least everything shall not go
to the dogs.
It is all in the point of view. Recent dispatches
from the Philippines dilate glowingly upon the vir
tues of a 'Filipino patriot who was shot to death by
the Spanish authorities. And the American forces
are. hot after that conscienceless rebel and military
outlaw, Aguinaldo.
The Samoan people seem to be laboring tinder a
political disadvantage that is without historical par
allel. They have two kings and want neither, but
seem destined to be oppressed by both.
The qualification?, for enlistment in the American
army are being materially modified. Recruits are
asked now only to be sufficiently educated to point
the muzzle of a gun in the right direction.
When C. P. Huntington hears of the assessment of
the Market Street Railway Company he may try to
move the road out of the State. The sad news should
be broken to him gently.
Commercial agencies report that money is cheaper
in London. On this side, however, it has not been
noticed that $10 bills are being marked down to $6 99.
King Humbert of Italy may be tottering on his
throne, but he appears to have left a jail or two in
which to incarcerate fractious statesmen.
The Southern Pacific Railway Company has agreed
to lay its wires underground — even those to Sacra
mento.
A QUARTETTE
OF YOUTHFUL
HIGHWAYMEN
Hold Up and Rob An
other Boy.
WILLIAM HARRY THE VICTIM
STRUCK ON THE HEAD WITH A
BLUNT INSTRUMENT.
His Wound Was Dressed at the
Receiving Hospital and the
Police Are Searching
for the Robbers.
William Harry, a boy 17 years of age.
whose parents keep ;i bakery and con
fectionery at 323 Hyde street, was held
up and robbed of all the money he had
on Leavenworth Btre<t. between Califor
nia and Pine streets, aboul :< o'clock Mon
day night. He wan also struck on the
head with some instrument which caused
an ugly wound "ii his scalp.
The boy, for fear of unnecessarily
alarming his parents, went to bed after
he got home wi Ing them of his
experience, but yesterday morning:, when
his mother observed the clotted Mood on
his head, she asked for an explanation
and took him to the Receiving Hospital,
where the wound was stitched and
dressed. If the Mow had been an inch
lower it might Dave killed the hoy.
"I was on my way home," he said, "and
when Walking between California and
Pine streets on Leavenworth 1 passed
four young men who were lounging
against the wall of a house. J walked
past them and they came running after
me. "When they got up to me I was
struck on the head with some instrument
and the blow dazed me for a moment.
Two of thc-in grabbed me and another
one went tnrougb my pockets, taking
$1 25, all the money I had, and a valuable
knife. It was dark at the place where
they held me up and I d^n't know if 1
<.mild recognize them again, it was all
done so quickly. After they had robbed
me they ran away. I did not call fur
se stance, as 1 was too surprised at the
attack."
The police wera notified and every ef
fort will be made to capture the young
footpads. It is supposed that they com
mitted the robbery to get money "for the
Fourth, but they had evidently meant
business, as Harry says that each had
a short, stout stick or other instrument
In his hand_.
STUDENT FEES AT STANFORD.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3, 1899.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: I hope you will,
by ringing editorials and otherwise, bring
about in Stanford University that which
has just been achieved by the R^g^nis of
the stale University, in removing the
odious $20 tax. Stanford University coir
!• cts each year from- each and all of her
students $20, and this, as every one knows,
is in many instances a great hardship.
There Is no longer any reason why this
should be don . Stanford claims to be
and dc.ul.tK-ss is the richest university in
America, it' not in the world. The sala
ries of hnr president and faculty are, to
s;iy the least, very Liberal, and are from
this time to be paid in full. Her income
irmous. in the near future she will
be, as she ought to be, txcmpt frum tax
ation, - tornla has the unenviable
iLg the only State in the
Union that taxes her churches and edu
cational Institutions. For these and many
similar reasons this university should fol
low the examph I et a 1 Berkeley and
remove this financial burden from the
shoulders of her students and patrons,
marly of whom are poor and are enduring
many hardships for the education which
Stanford affords.
PATRON AND FRIEND OF STAX
FORl '.
AN AUTOMOBILE ROUTE
To thf Editor of San Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: Being a constant reader of The
Call I have noticed* (in particular') com
ments iiiH'ie on the immense undertaking
which feems to be ascribed to crossing
the plains by the automobile from the
Missouri River to California. Seeing a
delay has occurred In starting, owing to
the possible danger of steep and heavy
grades to be met with on the route, ppr
mit me to state that such insurmountable
• bstacles as would be conjured up in the
mind from the reading of Sunday's Call
axe only imaginary and on the road do
not exist. ( >f course 1 speak from per
sonal experience and observation, having
crossed on foot all of the following routes
to raining camps and places, viz., across
the State of f'>wa to Missouri River:
thence to Auburn, Powder River, foot of
Blue Mountains' thence to Roise Basin
and what ip now called Maho City; thence
to Salt Lake City; thence to Virginia
City on Alder Gulch in Montana; thence
to Honey Lake Valley, Cal.: thence back
to Lancaster on the HumboJdt; thence to
Grass Valley, Cal., In the early 60s.
Therefore can safely pay if your automo
bile will be able to Burmount a 25 per cent
Hi' pr down the driver need not be
afraid of encountering anything worse on
the route to the Call office in Sari Fran
cisco. Respectfully submitted by
K. H. DALEY, Arohltect.
228 Poet street, city.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
O. J. Woodward, the Fresno banker, is
at the Lick.
F. A. Fee, an attorney of Madera, Is a
g-uest at the Lick.
R. Van Brunt, a mining man of Leland,
Or., is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. P. N. Cross of Stockton is one of the
! late arrivals at the Occidental.
Lieutenant G. W. McfElroy, U. S. A., is
j a guest at the Occidental.
r : iptaln John McGowan. U. 8. N., Is
i among yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
C. Whitehead has returned to the city
from a recent trip into the interior of the
i State.
O. Vivian I.addp. n merchant of Hong
kong', is one of yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
A. H. Rutherford, who has been visiting
China and Japan, returned home on the
Coptic yesterday.
John T. Campbell, the Honolulu capital
; Ist, is a guest at the Occidental, where he
! arrived yesterday.
Railroad Commissioner M. Blackstock
I has come up from Ventura and 1b regis
| tered at the Grand.
Jules Clerfayt, the popular agent of the
I Pennsylvania lines in this city, leaves this
! evening for a short pleasure trip to the
Bast and Europe.
Rev. and Mrs. W. J. Callahan, two mis
sionaries who have been In the Orient for
'< several years, arrived on *he Coptic yes
terday. They are at the Occidental.
Colonel Frederick H. Ames of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Volunteer Tnfantry. re
turned from Manila on the Coptic yester
! day. He' is visiting friends in Oakland.
Mrs. W. T. Hobari and family of Pe
i king, Frank" Davis and family of Tientsin
• and a party of missionaries from the
Orient are registered at the California.
Dr. T. ■ R. Meua of Fresno and George
Blake, a mining man of Sonora. are both
' Btaylng at the Lick, as is Edward Moyle,
■ a wealthy mine owner of Grass Valley.
Lieutenant H. B. Parmenter, who took
the Nero out tc Manila, has returned to
the city. Mrs. Parmenter went out to the
Orient to meet her husband, whom she
accompanied home.
Seventy-five delegates to the convention
Of agricultural colleges and experiment
stations, which is being held in this city,
arrived from the East yesterday and reg-
I istered at the Occidental.
j Assistant Secretary of the Treasury F.
A. Vanderlip has returned from the tour ;
of quarry inspection he has been making
throughout the State and is registered at
the Palace. C. V. Rich is with him.
C. Gruner. A. Rosen, A. Giesee and A;
Haesloop are four young gentlemen 01
Hamburg who have been making a tour
of the world. They arrived here yester
day on the Coptic and went to the Palace.
Lieutenant Richard Fitz and Lieutenant
Zeren are two German army officers who
have been touring the world for pleasure
while on leave of absence. They are at
the Palace.
Jose Leon Castillo, who two years ago
attempted to overthrow the Barrios gov
ernment of Guatemala, is in the city. He
arrived Monday evening and went to
apartments on Geary street, His presence
in this city is thought to be for the pur
pose of safely concocting future revolu
tionary projects. .
R. McCune, eon of A. W. McCune, who
was the leading candidate for United
States Senator at the recent contest in
Utah; D. Q. Ewing. son of a prominent
Pittsburg attorney, and R. K. Cochran of
New York, who have been away on a tour
of the world, arrived on the Coptic yes
terday and are staying at the Grand for
a few days, resting before completing
the journey to their respective homes.
John P. Jack
son Jr., one of the
rsfsuTv'of^
offspring of the
Collector of the
Port, has other
claims to distinc
tion besides those
+4 -^>+
<», <*
■ HOW JACKSON
' WAS
"TRUN" DOWN. I
4> 4
■f-$ ■ - $-*
arising from the fact that he is the son
of his father. John is rich. Not merely
well-to-do, comfortably off, or in easy cir
cumstances, but really wealthy.
John has acquired this Croesus-like
competence by a variety of means. Some ;
of it has come to him by inheritance,
some has been gathered by hard work,
and much has been picked up by carefully
speculating in paris mutuels and other
stocks which are of uncertain stability
and have a habit of generally flopping the
way least expected.
John is what is generally known as a
"wise guy." He overlooks nothing, from
a champion ring contest to matching for ;
car fare. He even marks the sparrow's j
fall, and when th* bird is about to topple
John will be sure to- be found i
standing under the limb willing to
give or take odds on the man
ner of its lighting.. He is so well-in
formed that he seldom comes out at "the j
little end of the horn." Once in a while.
however, he gets up against It, as he did j
in the following instance.
Mrs. J. P. Jackson Jr. was sitting on the
porch of her house in Belvedere the other j
day when she was approached by a rather
seedy looking Individual who requested her j
to invest In a lottery ticket. Mrs. Jack- -
son complied. A few day 3 later the list
was published and Mrs. Jackson found
she was a winner to the extent of $10. She
said nothing to any one, but, putting on
her things, came over to the city to cash
in. What was her disappointment to find
the ticket was bogus.. That evening when {
her lord and master had finished his din- i
ncr she proposed a little game of freeze
out.
"I have here a ticket that has a $10 win- |
ning number on it. dear," she said. "I
will put It up against $10 and the one who
wins will take all."
John seeing something easy agreed to
take a chance. The stakes had hardly
been posted when his wife, declaring she
had a headache, stopped the game. "I j
really can't play any more, dear," she !
said. "You give me the money and take j
the ticket over with you to-morrow morn
ing and have it cashed." John did as she
requested.
The next day it cost John $4 25 for
liquids, $5 10 for a lunch and two wordy
altercations that almost resulted in mix
ups, and. to cap the climax, upon his re
turn home his wife sweetly informed him
that she had spent the ten he gave her j
and could not possibly refund It.
Say "Little Louisiana" to John now and
he buys without a word.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 4.— "William Shake
speare of Ceylon, here fr^>m San Fran
cisco, is at the Fifth Avenue; C. C. Des
mond of Los Angeles Is at the Nether
lands; J. H. Quinn of San Francisco la ;
at the Rivera; J. T. Bowers and Phoebe
R. Bowers of San Francisco are at the j
Manhattan.
OLD GLORY IN THE BREEZE.
The prettiest sight in all San Francisco when the early sun
light fell athwart the bay this morning was the great, beautiful
flag floating from the pinnacle ;f The Call Building. As the mel
low sunlight gleamed on the unfolded splendor of the colors of Old
Glory there was not a citizen in this broad city who did not feel a
thrill and an impulse of patriotism. The spectacle of the Star-span
gled Banner, gleaming far up in the sky. excited more admiring
comment than any other incidental feature of the observance of the
T>ay of Patriotism in the City by the Golden Gate. — From the Re
port, July 4.
THE DOUBLE BILL
AT THE
ALCAZAR
THE Alcazar presents a double bill
this week— "Only the Master Shall
Blame " and "Don Caesar de Ba
zan." Criticism of the curtain raiser
aa a play Is no affair of mine— that
goes without saying. I made no haste to
read the journals In the morning, lest
"good digestion" might be prevented
from "waiting upon appetite." Resides,
there was no need for haste. I have the
good fortune to sit at a "truth-telling
breakfast table," and after listening to
all it had to say I reached out my hand
for the papers and the punishment, well
braced for a shock, and received a much
lighter one than I expected. I have been
told that my title was a deep, dark hint
to the critics. If so, they did not take
the hint. I have read all they had to
tell me and after extricating myself from
the meshes of "lady villains in melo
dramas," "superfluities," "hackneys" and
"handicaps" and many words of kind en
couragement. T acknowledge my faults,
promise to profit by the needed advice,
and snatch up my pen, ready to push my
way from the frontiers of drama Into the
thick of the fight.
I 'eel warranted In saying that Miss
Roberts played the role of Margaret Niel
in a manner S"~> charming as to earn the
deepest gratitude of the author, that Mr.
Whlttlesey, as Leary, was far better than
she builded. and that Mr. Platt. Miss
Crews Miss Banning and Mr. Dennl
thorne more than sustained their parts.
The change between Mis? Roberts' cur
tain fall and her entrance as Montana In
"Don Caesar de Bazan" shows most per
fectly the versatility of this clever little
woman. Don Caesar will never grow old
or cease to charm with Its swashbuckle
rollicking comedy. Mr. Morrison's grasp of
the character is a firm one. He speaks the
lines so as to bring laughs In just the right
places and holds the interest and sym
pathy of the audience to the curtain. Mr.
Whlttlesey was every inch the King and
wooed his Maritana with an earnestm ss
that ieft no doubt as to his deep infatua
tion for the bf-autiful, foolish dancing
girl. The play at the second perform
ance w< nt with that grateful swing and
dash that were lacking on the first night.
The minor parts are fairly well sustained
and ihe play, especially in the first act,
well mounted.
CHARLtOTTB THOMPSON.
Battered a Chinese.
Joseph Murray, a barkeeper In a saloon
on Mason street, was arrested yesterday
morning at Powell and Market streets by
Policeman Ottsen and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of battery. T.ee Sing
and a friend were viewing the parade
■when Murray, without any provocation,
struck Lee Sing on the face, knocking
him down. He was following him to re
peat the. attack when arrested.
DAVID R. PERRY
RUNS AMUCK IN
A RESTAURANT
Barricades Himself in
a Room.
FULL OF FEAR AND FIGHT
A SERGEANT AND OFFICERS
CAPTURE HIM.
Charged With Disturbing the Peace
and Exhibiting a Deadly Weap
on and Released on His
Own Recognizance.
David R. Perry, the well-known con
tractor and builder, created a scare in the
Pup restaurant on Stockton street yes
terday morning by flourishing a revolver.
Imagining that he was being pursued by
some one who wanted to kill him. He
ran Into a rear room above the restaurant
and barricaded the door with the bed
*re-id Thinking thai this was not de
fense enough, he tore the door of the
closet in the room Bj - and
placed it also against the door. I hen he
■ shouting for hi- to come on.
The proprietor telephoned to the <
police stati*
Policemen Whalen and ' ■ were de
tailed to capture the apparently crazj
contractor. When thej ed the res
taurant and ascended to the room in
which Perry had barricad. f they
tried persuasion, but it had no effect on
him Then they ende force open
thedoor, but all their efforts were unsuc-
Ce Whalen was detailed to go to the rear of
the r.staurant and to effeci an entrance
by the window. He armed himself with a
hatchet and made his way over tn.
of houses on Market, and Stockton street*
till he reached 1 the Pup. Then he climbed
down the fire escape to the window of
Perry's room. When Perrj saw the officer
with the hatchet preparing to break^ in
the window he pulled the bedstead awa>
from the door with the lnte " tl 1 2 n Il °f m e n 8 T :
caping. Sergeant Mahonej and Policeman
Clancy were standing i utside mi he ha!l
wav. and as Perry appeared with the re
volver in his hand they grabbed him and
wrenched the weapon from him. He was
taken to the City Prison, wnere charges
of disturbing the peace and exhibiting a
deadly weapon were r feed against him.
Perry appeared to be suffering from the
effects of a prolonged debauch. In the
prison he imagined that he was the King
of England and that live warships were
on their way to this port to take him to
London to ascend the Throne. After a.
few hours he became quieter, and at 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon Judge Tread
well released him on his own recogniz
ance. .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied dally to
buslneßS houses and public men by the
Fress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 51u Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LINKVILL.E— Inquirer, Fairbanks. Cal.
Linkville is the county seat of Klamath
County, Or. Klamath Fall is the post
office name for Linkville.
EMPRESS OF AUSTRIA— P. D., Red
Bluff, Cal. The late Empress of Austria,
who was assassinate.! September 10, lMti.
was born December 24, 1837.
OLD COINS— T. F., Oakland, Cal. None
of the coins in the list submitted com
mand a premium from dealers. The sell
ing price of a half dollar of £832 with large
letters in the legend is $2 60; one of 1836
Is 75 cents; one of 1837 is 75 cents, and a
quarter of 1838 sells for half a dollar A
Columbia half dollar of 1892 Bella tor $1 Jo.
DISCHARGE FROM THE NAVY— S.,
Santa Rosa Cal. There are three kinds
of discharge from the naval service of
the United States— honorable, ordinary
and dishonorable. One who receives an
honorable discharge from the navy is en
titled, if he re-enlists to a certain fur
lough with pay, or if he continues In the
••w ir* -w tea -^rr tee TT tei 3PT ?S 35T KS '35'
service without furlough he Is entitled
to receive furlough pay in a lump sum.
One who receives an ordinary discharge
may re-enll?t but is not entitled to fur
lough pay; while one who receives a dis
honorable discharge cannot re-enlist.
'•Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty yean by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect suceeFs. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teeth
other causes. For sale hy Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure anl ask for lira.
Winslow's Soothin? Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, ir.cHidinE fifteen "lays' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. Sa.:i Francisco.
On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis, and return at the very
low rate of $76. Occasion— annual meeting of
the Ep worth League. Get full particulars at
the Santa Fe office, 62S Market street.
Loss of hair, which often mars the prettiest face,
prevented by Parker's Haib Balaam.
Hindkrcokxs, Hie beat cure (or corns. 1.5 ccs.
After a Refreshing Bath
On a sultry day, the prospect of put-
ting on such exquisitely laundered
linen, white and faultless in finish. Is a
pleasure to the man that has his shirts,
cr.iiars.and cuffs "done up" at our laun-
dry. Our aim is to please our patrons,
and we spare no pains to do it, as we
want the patronage of every man In
San Francisco. "No saw edges."
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
, Telephone South 420.DODGE IS UNDER THE
FIRE OF CRITICISM
Supervisors Doubt the Justice of
the Assessments.
It Is Claimed That No Equalization of Tax Burdens Has
Been Made, and That the City Has Been Placed
at the Mercy of the State.
THE assessment of city and coun
ty property made by Assessor
Dodge was the subject yesterday
of general comment Public offi
cials arid business men concerned
themselves in analyzing the As
sessor's figures with the result that
some interesting facts were developed.
The prevailing; opinion 'if? that the Ap
sepsor knowingly or unwittingly has
committed two glaring blunders In
his increase of city and county values
he has placed San Francisco at the
mercy of the State and has subjected
th-> people of the city to unequal and
unjust State taxation. The Assessor
has placed in the hands ■''" the State
Board of Equalization a weapon with
which to force San Francisco to pay
mor- than its share of the expenses of
the State" government.
More than this. Assessor Podge has
neglected to equalize city and county
taxation. While he has made the cor
porate and capitalistic classes pay more
than they have hitherto done and has
made them bear proportionately their
share of municipal taxes, he has not
reduced the assessed valuation of the
property of small real estate holders.
It is notorious that the majority of
small real estate holders have heen as
sesped comparatively higher than in
fluential property owners. The hold
ings of the. small owners have been tax
ed to the limit and in a just equaliza
tion the assessed valuation of these
holdings would have been reduced,
Assessor Dodge has made no reduc
tion in these assessed values. He has
on the contrary fncreased real estate
values over the assessment of his pre
decessor. The small holder is thus
placed in a peculiar predicament. If
the Supervisors honor the dollar-limit
pledge he will pay less in city and coun
ty taxes. but in consequence of the In
creased valuation of hi? property he
will pay more in State taxes. He thus
derive? a benefit and suffers an injury
at the same time. In discussing the
matter yesterday a Supervisor offered
Etn interesting suggestion. Assessor
Dodge, he insisted, should have reduc
ed the assessed values of the property
of small holders as well as increase
the assessment of corporations and
capitalists. What was added to the
burden of those that had escaped just
taxation should have been deducted
from the classes that had been over
burdened.
It is argued in defense of the Asses- I
sor that the classes that have been :
compelled to bear their just share of !
city and county taxes will be reed to
pay ih a increased taxation which will j
be levied by the State. While this is
true, it does not alter the fact that the
?nnll holders have not been relieved
from in unjust burden. If Assessor
I'odce had scaled down the assessed
valuation of real estate and had left
the total assessment at the figure it
was last year instead of increasing it
fooiOOO.OOQ he would have made a just
-'realization.
As it is the Assessor has placed the
rity utterly at the mercy of the State.
Th- State Board of Equalization has
had a disagreeable habit for years of
increasing the assessment of San Fran- i
ris'.o twenty per cent. If this is done
this year the boasted benefit given to
;he people of this city by the Assessor
will vanish into thin air. The State
2nd not the city will reap the Ivan
:ages of the Assessor's activity.
Another feature of the assessment is
sl=o creating considerable discussion.
Assessor Dodge intends, on the dubious
opinion of the Attorney- to as
;ess quasi-public and corporation bonds
to the extent of $21,000,000. This will
raise the total assessment to $407,000,000,
and upon this total the tax rate" will be
sxed. However this rate may be view-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO
TENDER
SKINNED
MEN
Shave with CUTICURA
SHAVING SOAP, and be-
fore cleansing the face
gently rub a bit of CUTI=
CURA (ointment) over
the shaven part. Wash
all off with CUTICURA
TOILET SOAP and hot
water.
This simple and inex-
pensive treatment will
make shaving a pleasure
and prove a great com-
fort to those with tender,
easily irritated skins.
■Sold throughout the world. Price, Cuticoba
Shaving Soap, 15c; CuticUßA Toilet Soap,
25c; i dtk iha [ointment;, 60c. PotteuDrUG
and Chem. Corp., Sole Props., Boston, "All
About the Bkia, Scalp, and Hair," free.
I ed, It cannot be considered absolutely'
• cd.
Wh"n it Is announced the taxpayers
will believe that they are the recipients
phenomenally low rate. If the
lecide, however, that the taxa
• nds is Illegal, there will be a
In the funds amounting to
r> rents "n every hundred dollars in as
ns. Taxpayers will have
red only a temporary and fictitious
benefit, which will b^ destroyed by a
heavier taxation next year.
At best, therefore. Assessor Podgre's
rrnination to tsx quasi-public and
corporation bonds will result in confu
sion. A member of th^ Board of Su
pervisors sutrcested yesterday that the
matter oueht to he tested in the courts
without subjecting the municipal gov
-1 eminent to the hazard of confusion
which seems almost inevitable. A test
I case rould be made, it is urged, and In
: making such a test the assessment of
bunds should not he Included in the
• • assessment. Tf this were done the
city would naturally receive its proper
revenues if bonds were taxable and
would loso nothing if they were not.
Under the plan adopted by the Assessor
there may he a deficiency. Under the
I I scheme there would be at
l»a?t an orderly administration of af
fairs and there mieht be a surplus of
funds in the city and county treasury.
c of the Supervisors who will pas?
upon the, Asseppor'? estimate? have ex
amine.l the roll in detail, and they be
lieve that Dniic has shown unju?t dip
crimination in many cases. It Is claim
at certain very larpe firms and
corporations have b^en assessed on a
r cent basis, while others have
heen assessed practically on a nominal
valuation. There is a disposition on the
part nf certain members of the Board of
Supervisors to increase the assessment
of the Pacific Telephone and Telf^raph
Company, for example. The men who
ar p to sit as a city and county hoard of
lization do not believe that this
corporatfon has been adequately as
gessed, and it is not unlikely that its
books v. ill be demanded for examina
i tion.
The same opinion prevails in refer
ence to Wellp, Farpo & Co., which, it is
claimed, has not been assessed accord
ing to the value of its holdings nor in
proportion to other corporations. Bev
ther larpe taxpayers will also he
subjected to a searching inquiry. The
rvisors will bepin this work with
out delay and the results promise to be !
interesting. Tt may he fonnd that the
Assessor's boasted equalization of tax
na is In reality no equalization
that his announcement that, while
t vjr. aPP espe<i valuations of personal
property were Increased taxes were not,
may have more significance than it at
first seemed t n possess.
WAS MADE TO CHOOSE
BETWEEN TWO EVILS
The Reason William Michaelson De- :
cided to Pay His Own Way
to Jail.
William Michaelson, who conducts a
stable on Ellis street, between Hyde and
I^arkin, was given the alternative of rid
ing to the Central police station in the
company of an officer on a cable car or
going to the same place in the patrol
wagon. He choose the car. When the
conductor came for his fare. Michaelson
demurred on the ground that he was. un
der arrest nd therefore exempt from tax- ]
ation The officer, however, informed him ,
! that if he persisted in taking that view
of the matter it would be very easy for i
1 them both to alight and take advantage
of the conveyance that a kindly munici- |
pal government had provided for just '.
■ such emergencies. Michaelson gave this I
proposition prompt consideration, weak- j
ened and coughed up the necessary nickel
without any further argument.
The reason of Michaelson's arrest was
i as follows: Harold Wheeler, an attorney
! with offices in the Crocker building, was
crossing New Montgomery street Monday
afternoon, when Michaelson driving at a
very fast trot swung around the corner.
He saw Wheeler, but made no effort to
either pull up or swerve out of the way.
Mr Wheeler, who is a gentleman well
advanced' in years, was struck by the
horse and knocked down, receiving severe
injuries on his leg and side. Michaelson,
as soon as he witnessed the accident,
whipped up the animal he was driving
and attempted to escape. Officer W. M. ;
Ross, who happened to witness the whole |
occurrence, promptly overtook him and j
put him under arrest, charging him with
. battery in addition to fast driving.
A MTJBDEROUS JAP.
Attempts to Carve a Sailor on the
Ship Tacoma.
A cutting affray occurred on the ship
Tacoma last evening, in which Charie.- a.
Muller received several severe knife
wounds on the face at the hands of G.
Feuomolo, a Japanese cabin boy. His
wounds were treated at the Harbor Hos
pital after which he was taken to the
Harbor Police Station to be held as a
- against his assailant, who was ar
rested by Officers Ferguson and Arduello.
er is the ship's carpenter and re
sides at 266 Brannan street. He has made
a number of trips on the ship and for
some time has failed to agTee with the
Japenese. Both hay frequently quar
reled, mid It is suppgsed to have been an
old gr.udge which caused the murderous
act. Last ni^ht th^ men had some dis
pute, which ended in Yeuomolo seizing a
large bread knife and making prepara
tions to carve his antagonist. He su<-
Cf-f-ded in inflicting several ugly gashes on
Muller's face, but was disarmed by by
standers before he had a chance to com
mit a murder. Police officers were soon
on the scene and the Japanese was
booked for assault to murder.
Fired Off His Pistol.
B. Childs. a clerk, was amusing him
self on Van Ness avenue yesterday morn
ing while waiting for the parade by firing
blank cartridges from a revolver. Police
man Winzler arrested him and booked
him at the City Prison on a charge of dis
charging firearms within the city limits.
Burial of Indigent Soldiers.
The annual report of Edward A. Rullis, I
superintendent of Interment of deceased
civil war veterans, shows that sixty-five
applications for burial at public expense'
were made during the fiscal year. Forty
eight were allowed and seventeen reject- i
td The expenses amounted to $2400.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" lam comet
Tour» welcome, Chronicle building, No. tt.
THTE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, VEDBESBAY, JtTLY 5, lS9f>.
PUBLIC INSTALLATION OF
GREAT CHIEFS, I. O. R. M.
J. H. HUTHAFF, Chairman of the Executive
Committee.
OX the evening of Thursday, the 13th Inst., there will be a gathering •
in Odd Fellows' Assemblj Hall on Seventh street, near Market, of •
the membership of the Improved Order of Red Men. for on that even- \
Ing there will be a prand "raisinp up of the chiefs" of the various .
tribes ot the San Francisco hunting grounds. In other words, there .
I* to be a public installation ol all the officers of the local tribes. The af- •
fa ; r will be conducted by the district deputy great sachems.
The deputies who will raise up the chiefs are: T. Roche of Bald Kagle ;
Trine great chief; F. R Swan of Osceola Tribe, great senior sasramore; M. L. ,
Wheeler of Pohonachee Trib< nior sagamore; N. A. Lewis of Modoc .
Tribe great prophet; Ij. L. Remey of Winnemucca Tribe, great chief of .
(r d S ; p r Blick of White Eagle Tribe, great keeper of wampum; Jacob •
Fowzer of Arapahoe T:. sannap; H. L. Stacey of Winnemucca Tribe. "
great mishinewa; P. Bellgrade of Seminole Tribe, gr^at guard of the t
of installation is to be followed by a grand ball and the .
whole affair will be under the direct: i I committee com- •
r>c»ped of one representative from each local tribe. J. H. Huthaff of Althomns ■
Tribe Is the chairman of tha* committee, A. Hausman of White Eagle Tribe. \
vice chairman; H L Stacej of Winnemucca Tril.e, secretary, and M. I.iesen .
of Miantonom'ah Tribe, treasurer. The other representatives on the com- .
rnittce are W J Smltl H.Jones. Pohonachee Tribe; P. D. •
Rrardon pocahontas Tribe; F. Brandt. Botoyome Tribe; M. Causse, Semi- '
ole Tribe- Porter L. Bliss, Modoc Tribe; A. J. Enemark, Bald Eagle Tribe; '
P S Symour Osceola Trib^; •'.- Bassert. Arapahoe Tribe: G. H. Cabaniss,
Mor.tezuma Tribe; F. Ralph. Ahwa^hta Tribe, and M. Griffith, Monadnock ]
p S ' <? Seymour has be^n selected as floor manager and he will be assisted ]
>, fiia fnilnwins named members of the flmr committee: M. Llesen. A. Jones, .
m" r.fu-se \ T Enemark, Q. Bossert and J. H. Huthaff. The following con- •
.M, lt^ the' reception committee: F. Brandt. W. J. Smith, F. D. Brandon. ■
Sorter L Bliss H I>- Stacey. George 11. Cab&nlss, F. Ralph and M. Griffith. "
The affair wiU be BtncUy Invitational and the members are allowed only {
two tickets each.
PICNIC ENDS IN
A STABBING AFFRAY
TWO COLORED MEN MIX THINGS
NEAR OAKLAND.
Six Knife Wounds and Various Con
tusions the Portion of C. H.
Jackson.
OAKLAND, July 4— An ugly stabbing
affray occurred at Plitzville Park on the
county road this evening, just as the pic
nic given for the Old Colored Folks'
Home was breaking up for the day.
The principals were .1. C. Dennis, a col
ored musician. residing a.l 2507 Bush street.
San Francisco, and Charles H. Jackson.
a colored cook employed on th-> Pullman
dinine cars running between Oakland and
Offden, residing at 1833 Campbell street,
this city. Both men were arrested by
Deputy Sheriff Quinlan to-night. Jack
son was first tak^n to th* Receiving Hos
pital where he was treated tor six knife
wounds and otner injuries. Dennis was
al«o treated for an ugly gash on the left
forearm. At the County Jail Dennis, who
la believed to be the aggressor was
charged with assault with a . d.
'' weapon, whfl-=> Jackson whs booked for
battery There were numerous others
Implicated in the mix-up, but they es
caped before the* officers could be sum-
m According to Dennis' story the row was
caused over the refusal of a doorkeeper
to admit him to the dinine-room. Jack
son, however, tells a different tale. H«
I stated to-night that Dennis and his four
brothers were quarreling with 'Majan
Waters over an alleged insult given by
the latter, that he cautioned one OI the
brothers Andrew Dennis, to quit quar
reling and have respect for himsHf, wh<-n
J C. Dennis upbraided him for his lnter
"Suddenly I wns struck on the left
! shoulder." continued Jackson, "and T felt
the cold steel pierce my flesh. I struck
back and then started to run. but was
stabbed again and again in the back, and
finally tripped up. when the whole crowd
jumped on me. at the same time engaging
In a fr*e fight. I was stabbed six times,
and four of these w-re at the hands of
Dennis I was klrkfd in the mouth, and
after I got up and ran behind the coun
! ter in toe barroom Dennis throw a beer
bottle at me, hitting and cutting my head.
] knew no more after that.
The wounds, badly lacerated lips and an
abrasion of th*> right ear bear witness to
Tnck=on'-; story. Tt is believed a more
1 serious charge" than that of assault will
i be placed against Dennis.
Dennis' wound, on the right forearm
was inflicted by his brother Andrew as
the latter made a lunge with a knife also
directed at Jackson. Andrew is still at
large. The weapons used were ordinary
pocket knives.
An Ideal Cafe.
The new r*rypfal Pnlare. r, Kearny and
12 Geary Btreet, which has heen reno
vated by It p proprietor. Mr. I. Deutch,
at an enormous expense, will be opened
to the public to-day. The place is fur
nished in the Louis Quinze, style, and is
not only the best appointed but the hand
somest rafe In the city. Costly paint
ings adorn the walls, while on every side
the exquisite work of the decorator is in
evidence with such perfect taste that the i
"tout ensemble" of the Crystal Palace
Is an artistic dream of beauty. From 11
to 2 o'clock every day an elaborate lunch
eon will be served. Only the pur^pt !
liquids are kept in the cafe and perfect ;
and polite attention is guaranteed every
one by right of Mr. Peutch's past record.
The Crystal Palnr.' is without a rival in !
the line of first-class cafes. • ,
SESSIONS' EXPLANATION.
Says Water Front Company Is Not
Selling Streets.
OAKLAND. July 4.— E. C. Sessions, the
agent of the Oakland Water-front Com
pany, says the Mayor Is mistaken regard
ing the title to the property on which
Balfour, Guthrie & Co. are now erecting
large warehouses.
Mr. Sessions says:
The small parcel of land now being built
upon by Balfour, Outhrle & Co. below First
street, extending to the center line of what
would be Market street. If continued below
First, is pome 3f>o feet north or inside of the
1 line and has perfect title. Sam» as th^
r " st r "" " f pancy. The only formal and
public dedication ot Mreetw maiii" at this p..int
was that mad» by the Kollenberger map.
which did net include anything below First
street.
Owing to the fact that the Oakland Water
Front Company (which owns at this point a
strip of land inside the patent line 800 fret
wide) has recently conveyed voluntarily to the
city by deed a strip of land in the lino of and
for the full width of what would be an ex
tension of Market street southerly of First
over this 300-foot strip, and also a strip equal
to one-half of the extension of Market street
in front of Balfour, Guthrie & Co., render* It
desirable that some arrangement should be
entered Into by the city for the, acquirement of
the portion of Balfour, Outhrie & ■•-. >■ strip
■which would be included within an extension
of Market street. As to the pending litigation
between the city and the Oakland Water
front Company. I don't Bee that it cuts any
figure in the matter at all.
With the President.
The Holyoke (Mass.) Telegram and the
ITolyoke (Mass.) Transcript of the date of
June 17 contain an account extending over
several columns of the reception in that 1
city of President and Mrs. McKlnley, Mr. !
and Mrs. Abner McKinley and Mr. and j
Mr?. George E. Morse of San Francisco, j
Mrs. Morse is a niece of the President,
and she and her husband, the clerk of the
United States District Court in this city,
accompanied the President and party
from Washington on his recent trip to
Massachusetts.
Not Gottlob, Marx & Co.
In the account? of the recent suit
brought by the Japanese actors against
the management of the California The;i
ter the names of Gottlob. Marx & Co. were
Included among the defendants. The
men desire to have it known that
they have nothing to do with the Califor
nia' and that the only two theaters at
present under their management are the
Columbia in this city and the Maedonough
in onkland.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss Lockbeart's
LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM.
[LETTER TO MBS. PIHXHAM NO. 6>,104]
" I cannot express my gratitude to
you for the good that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me. I have taken five bottles of
the Compound and two boxes of Liver
Pills and feel better in every respect.
I had suffered for years with dropsy;
the veins in my limbs burst, caused
from the pressure of the water. I had
the worst kind of kidney trouble, faint-
ing spells, and I could not stand long
at a time. I also had female weakness
and the doctor said there was a tumor
in my left aide. The pains I had to
stand were something dreadfnL A
friend handed me a little book of yours,
so I got your medicine and it has saved
my life. I felt better from the first
bottle. The bloating- and the tumors
have all gone and I do not Puffer any
pain. lam still using the Vegetable
Compound and hope others may find
relief as I have done from itsus©." —
Miss N. J. Lock me art, Box 16, Euza-
beth, Pa.
Only the women who have suffered
with female troubles can fully appre-
ciate the gratitude of those who have
been restored to health.
Mrs. Pinkham responds quickly and
wHhoutcharge toall letters from suffer-
ing women. Her address L» Lynn, Mass.
LOVE HAS WAYS
TO FOOL LAWS
AND LOCKSMITHS
Marital Experience of
M. D. Garratt.
REAL LIFE BEATS MOROSCO'S
WIFE NUMBER THREE WAS
WIFE NUMBER ONE.
Garratt Was Wedded, Divorced. Mar
ried Ag-ain and Finally Espoused
the Woman He Had
First Chosen.
GARRATT GARRATT In Carson, Nev., June
ton D i iarratt and I.'- ■ rati
! rirnnunr>-meiit i? .
■ •• '1 assertion that Mo
i
reive : gs i ge than cart be
found in r< a) lit' 1 .
A few Milton D. G
ng In his fai
br.ih- ;■ undi ■ at :i -alary of $\>, per w
]:.;...■ _ man reach< 'i his major
Ity his sire, W. T. Garratt, died, leaving
the youi g man a competence. L T pon com
:■ ace Mr Gan atl con
cluded thai the mosi sensible t!>; r -^ to do
I. followed his own
I ..ii his wedding tour ma.de a
trip to Honolulu and enjoyed life to the
.
For some reason the union was not a j
happy one, and after a year of married
life the wli rce, no de
fense being made by the husband. A.l ci
the livorce there was a contest over the,
■i\. a portion of \ j . . !• '! Mr.;. Gar- j
rait . laimed w. lity holdings.
She demanded $25,000, bui at the eon
i of a spirited battle she compro
ipar-
entlj contented, sToung Mr. Garratt did
likewise, believing that all was "off" be
twei .. ■ self ,i:d his former better half.
A Ii! ' ' ion of :
■ ■ ■ rider met, wooed and
won a Mi.-s Flo V Bain of this city.
This aleo was apparently a happy mar-'
It endured for two years. Then
vor< c suit, in which
thf wife was the plaintiff. She gained the
de< ree oil g i and proundf,
and the young man was again left upon
the cold world to his own resources. H
was not long* satisfied with his situation,
;in<l } c companionship
of his nrst love, and It wns a matter of a
short timt- when t>i.->v decided that thur
■ion was a mistake. Under the laws
of this State th< y could not remarry with
in one year, but love tinds ways to boat
laws as'well n.s locksmiths, and the result
appears in the marriage notice that in
■ s this article.
The comi which prew out of
the lpsral contest with the first wife, who
number three, weir bo serious
that in the end young Mr. Garratt dis
posed of his inter st In the manufacturing
institution his fathrr had made famous.
Mis brother-in-law, Henry P. Morton, the
well-known drayman, to..k over his hold
ings. It is und< i 3tood that the consider
ation was the payment of a goodly sum
in spot rash and the guarantee of a cer
tain annuity. It is announced the re
united couple will make their home in (
this city.
See
Little Harry Mangels and Etta Aronson,
Little Blanche Treleaae, Little Cora Da
vis. Little Tutie Taylor and all the bright
juvenile cakewalkers are entered in the !
International Cakewalk Carnival. Me
chanics" Pavilion, July 15 to 22. •
— +-.
London's Imports of fcraln amount to
about 25.000,000 bushels per annum, 8,000,
--000 of which consist of wheat.
SELBQRNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29, with
handsome new buildings heat.-d by steam and
lighted by electricity. All buildings one story
raised well above ground. Steam from .outside,
no furnace, no stoves, no flues in boys' quar-
ters The nearest approach to a tire proof
school For catalogues, testimonials and refer-
ences apply to the principal, REV. CHARLES
HITCHCOCK, San Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO FARK, SAN MATEO COUNTY, CAL..
is rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tages for the care and thorouch training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1866.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and Illustrated circular address
REV. W. A BREWER, A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2. 1899.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MENLO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF TUB
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 2126 California St., San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered In music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills. President,
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co.. Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fall term opens August
1. 1539.
CONCERTS AND BESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
MATINEE EVERY DAY.
GREAT BILI. IN THE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT
AMATEUR NIGHT,
»SSBaI WOOD-SAWING CONTEST!
PHONE FOR BRATS. STEINER ISSI.
Rnffle t^ m^^ mm ~—
13 d. *» *»* W Those who were there
a pay tho Panorama Is a
/-kV correct representation.
\9 M. Explanatory lectures
by Prof. W. Q. ROL-
XV|.Qrill3i Market St., nr Eighth.
Admission, 50c.
I>Q__t Children, 25c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c; -,v . CHILDREN Be.
Bathing, Including admission. Sac; Children, 20c.
Hales.
\ ffl * M sho Dn' wf}ere c' n M
Wash goods, muslin, portieres.
One Thousand Yards Unbleached Muslin—42 Inches wide (notice the.
width) Cotton goods going up. Hale's prices going down. The reason?
Overstocked Too many of one kind, must turn it into cash. For fl^C
you beginning to-day A yard «>
Remnants of Gingham—24oo yards of gingham remnants. 27 Inches wide.
In medium colors. These are factory remnants, good heavy cloth. Not over
2'l yard« will be sold to one customer. The price beginning to- C^r*
day.... ...A yard KJ\*
Tapestry Portieres 50 pairs of the $4 no kind, 3 yards long by 50 Inches
wide with'an 8-inch fringe, to be closed out to-day, 5 colorings to choose
from', beautiful all-over designs, exquisitely rich. Price to #QQ
White Pique—The neatest fabric for shirtwaists and outing skirts you can
get small cord, 2S inches, 10c quality, for wash goods seekers he- Op
ginning to-day - A >ard °^
Fine Dimities—Some of the daintiest patterns you have ever seen, light
ground, small floral effects, pretty for children's dresses, ladles' waists,
party dresses, etc.; 13c quality will go. beginning to-day £:"^ lOlp
A yaru ■ ■** ***
Cheap vacation outing suits.
Separate Skirts—A pretty little skirt of white pique, full tailor finish, lap-
stltched seam?, a perfect fit. the kind we introduced at $4 00. 24 CO Q^
left, the closing price Each *&-*••■*'«*
Duck Skat- A pretty little separate skirt, in colors, fine for vacation full
finished, very wld* and perfect fit, a Jaunty little affair, washes C 1 AA
as neat as can be Ea<* «$> 1 • v 'vr
Tailor-Made Suite—Black cheviots In sizes 32 to 40. fly front Jacket, skirt
well lined and carefully made, a neat little suit, plenty good """•■' to
knockabout in on you- vacation rambles, only 15 left; come CO Q =
early to-day -ar" v
Cheviot Cloth Suits—Eton Jackets and braided skirt, carefully made and
properly lined, a pretty little suit In tan, gray or blue mixtures. C^£ OCJ
good for vacation. 14 left, the price to close \p-ww
Men's shirts and sox.
Men's and Roys' Unlaundried Shirts-Here Is a bargain for hubby and the
boy A good heavy muslin shirt, strongly stitched, with reinforced back and
front 4-ply linen bosom: this is a good strong shirt, and it fits we IT vv c
have' to buy big quantities to sell at this price. Ready to- 25C
day Each <*"****
Men's Negligee Shirts—Made of tennis flannel, Just the thing for camping,
medium ' light and dark shades, yoke back and double stitched seam a
good tough shirt for knockabout wear, looks good, wears good h lB 3«C
good i*en
Men's Cotton Socks—Made of fine mam cotton. In black, tan. brown and
gray with double heels and toes, to save darning. A good sock for If If
' the "money, at Hale's A P«"r »■«-»>*
The reason why we sell linings so fast.
Linings—One of the busfest counters in this busy store, good reason for
It too- good values make good trade, good goods keep good trade, good trade
held and" new trade coming. That is why we are busy. Here are some of the
values that are making Hale's grow bigger:
Lining cambric !n colors and black 4 o
Taffeta percales in black only. 1 yard wide oHe
Kxtra heavy silesia in colors and black, yard wide ..« c
Fancy striped skirtings, yard wide 12* c
Big savings on dress trimmings.
*" Dress Trimmings Reduced—Making a dress? Here Is a chance to make a
Eaving" General clean-up throughout the trimming department. Hundreds of
odds and ends of broken lines to be put on the tables at clean-up prices
t0" a> ' Lot I—lridescent beaded festoons and drapes, worth from 50c to 75c;
spangled and beaded bands in iridescent and plain effects, worth from
$100 to $175: gilt lace and beaded trimmings for dress and hat trim-
mine, worth from 75c to $1 25: black beaded and spangled lace 3 and
4 Inches wide worth from 75c to $1 25; jeweled metal belts, worth up
to 50c Anything in the above lot to go at a clean-up price QffJ/-*
beginning to-morrow A yard -^OC
Lot 2— Rail trimming Iridescent beaded, the $125 kind: waist trim-
ming gauze nnd chiffon combinations, frogs, etc.; spangled trimmings
that were $' 75 and $2 00 a yard: colored beaded medalUona. $100 and
$125- jeweled anil letted ornaments with fringe that sold from y<O/-»
75c to ?1 f'O Everything in the lot at a clean-up price. .A yard "OV*
AMUSEMENTS.
'CQUJmiAiSB
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
■"MORyAIILLfP
A SPf&Ai CO/WAXY
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy,
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula."
Next Week— HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY In the latest New
York Empire Theater success,
"LORD AND LADY ALGY."
CALIFORNIATHEATER.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
THE ONLY COMEDY IN TOWN.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE.
L. R. STOCKWELL
In Hoyt's Irresistibly Funny Comedy,
A MIDNIGHT
.•.BELL,..
DEPICTING LIFE IN NEW ENGLAND.
A Selected Company. Realistic Production.
Special Car of Scenery.
100 — t — I— I— CHILDREN— -I— l—
THE ONLY ' COMEDY IN THE CITY.
PRICES "sc. 600, 35c, Ko and 15c
ALCAZAR™
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY, 2:15 P. M.
6th Week of LEWIS MORRISON.
SPECIAL DOUBLE BILL.
DON G/ESAR DE BAZAN
Only the Master Shall Blame.
Only the Master Shall Blame.
15c, 25c, rgfghs 35c, 50c.
NEXT— Florence Roberts in "CAMILLE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Prop, and Manager.
LIMITED ENGAGEMENT OF
DENIS O'SDLLIVAN
In the Romantic ODera.
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
THURSDAY NIGHT,
First Appearance Here of
ADA WALKER, Soprano.
AN UN EQUALED CAST.
ENLARGED CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
oooooooboooooooooo
%*!•* JP A LACE '-"-"o
%GRAND tLQXSLM-%
Q SAN FRANCISCO. . Q
W Connected by a covered passageway. jf
® 1400 Rooms— wi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE FBiCES: O
O European Plan. B l.OO per day and upward ©
American Plan. sB. oo per (Jay and upward n
•* Correspondence Solicited. V
O /OSS 0. KIRIPATRIOZ. Xuifir. O
I Hales.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-PAT (WEDNES.). JULY 5.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any seat.
HAVES AND LYTTON,
The Talented Comedians, in the Roaring Faroe.
•A WISE GUY."
MORIE, the Tourist Juggler.
GARDNER BROS.,
Musicial Comedians.
THE FOUR O'LEARYS, WILLIAM CRESSY
AND BLANCHE DAYNE. MALVILLE AND
STETSON. THE FARRELLS, THE PAS-
QUALIS. assisted by BIG ABRAMOFF.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main MS.
ANOTHER LEGITIMATE TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Mlllocker's Beautiful Opera.
The BEGGAR STUDENT
OUR NEW PRICES— EVENING:
Orchestra. Reserved, SOo and 35 o; Dress,
Circle, Reserved 25c: Family Circle, Re-
served, 15c: Gallery, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
Seat in the House. 25c: Family Circle. Re-
served. 15c; Gallery, 10c
NEXT Gorgeous and Surpassing R*>
rival of "CARMEN."
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
MARIO LAMBARDI, Manager.
Lambardl Grand Italian Opera Company. '
TO-NIGHT,
"FAUST."
With SOSTEGNI. ÜBERTO. MARCHETTX,
BADARACCO. BUGAMELLL
TRAVAGLLNI.
Thursday "PURITAN!"
Friday "MASKED BALL"
Saturday Matinee "MANON LESCAUT"
Saturday Nljrht
"THE BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Sunday Night "IONE"
Prices— ll 50, $1, 50c and 26c. -
Reserved seats on sale at the Alhambra Thea-
ter. 'PHONE SOUTH 368.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Musio Hall.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL OF NOVEI.TTES.
First Appearance Here of the Celebrated
3— FLYING BANVARDS—
Sensational Gymnasts and Acrobats.
Last Week of the Olympla's Greatest Favorite.
QUERITA VINCENT,
In New Songs and Buck and Wing Dance*.
THE KEESINCS,
Society Duetlsts.
HERBERT <* WESTON,
' Musical Comedians. •
AND EIGHT VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
■OTSTTCXJI7C **> R BARBERS. BAK-
-15 ft 11 XI J2lO en - bootblacks, bath-
**'*'*■**** -houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, floorrollls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturer*. 609 S»or*m«nU 5>
lA/. X. HESS,
ITOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTO&NXT-AT LAW,
Tenth floor. Room 1015, Claus SprecJteU Bid*.
Telephone Brown SSL
Residence. 821 California »t-. below Powell.
San Francisco. ; -
Weekly CaU,sl.oo per Yew
78
DREYFUS SLOWLY
REGAINS STRENGTH
SINCERELY
GRATEFUL TO
HIS FRIENDS
He Is Astonished Also at the
Machinations of His
Enemies.
SURE OFTcyi'ITTAL
Feels at Last That Justice Will Be
Done to Him by the French
People.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
RENNES. July 4.— Maitre Labor!
paid another visit toCaptain Dr< y
fus at 10 o'clock this morning, re
maining with him until noon. The
lawyer found th ■ to be In even
: spirits than yesterday, and in
tn ,. j ■• - : »reyfus has shown to the
frightful blow he suffered in the judg
ment of the court-martial and his ter
rible . - Island, com
with his mary( lous recuperai
>-sical and mental strength
he left Cayenne, Maitre Labor! saw the
ice. Coun
joyful In appearance on
leaving the military prison to-daj
beyond doubt his interviews with D
fus have given him the most favoi
Impression r< specting the outcon
the court-martial.
It is impossible to Imagine a town
calmer than Rennes. The inhabitants
nt tv the
;■ Dreyfus. Barely half a
dozen - • l! "' vislt of
-.1 and Madame Dreyfus to the
prison to-day. The town, however, is
full of ■: • who scrutinize all
strangers, and a few gendarmes are
patrolling before the residence i C Mad
as. They approach and watch
everj one stopping before the gate lead
. tyard of the mansion.
Matthieu Dreyfus paid his first visit
to his brother at 3 o'clock this after
noon The interview lastied a hall
hour. Th-- brothers threw themsi
into each others' arms. Matthieu said
und his brother aged and broken
,lth but not the physical wreck
I i n silt of his sufferings
is bright and his
md his intelligence as
is when he was occupied with his
duties on the general staff.
He was . . vith insomnia dur
ing the voyage, but hns now recovered
had a refreshing
The prisoner is still suffering
from y, but it is slight and
there is every reason to believe that he
will rapio'ly recuperate 1 Nat
urally he is under medical treatment.
Matthieu found his brother in g 1
spirits and buoyed up by the necessity
of mustering all his strength for the
coming ordeal and by the hope that at
last h>- will have justice done him. He
is extremely reserved as to his life on
Devil's Island, which has left an indeli
ble impression and remains in his mem
orj as a horrible nightmare.
j >rej fus looks back to his existence of
i: years with relief, tinged
with a feeling of the horror of a sane
man who has escaped from a mad-
He declares his brain is almost
reeling in the face of the mass of docu
ments and explanations M. Demange
and M. Labor! are bringing to him re
ng rh" extraordinary machina
tions of his enemies and the persever
ing devotion of his friends. Dreyfus
tonished and full of heartfelt
gratitude at their sacrifice. This feeling
is particularly strong as regards
Colonel Picquart, whom he hardly re
and the story of -whose perse
cution has profoundly moved him.
captain Dreyfus was unable to talk
freely with his brother, owing- to the
presence of th.- officer, who is under in
structions to be present at all inter
views the prisoner and mem
of his family. This arrangement
has been a terrible trial for Mme. Drey
fus and the rest, as they have been
restrain- their emotions so far
as possible and have been unable to
converse as to intimate matters because
every n ird hn> been overheard and
• hed by the officers.
Only Maitres I '••manse and Labor! are
allowed to see Dreyfua privately. His
counsel will return to s.» him together
at the l-trlnninß of next week, thus
giving hii time in the mean
while to acquaint himself thoroughly
with the contents of the various dos
siers. _
FRENCH PARLIAMENT
TAKES A VACATION
PARIS, July 4.— ln the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Paul Beau regard, Repub
lican, representing one of the districts of
the Seine, submitted his promised Inter
pellation on the subject of the bill deal
ing with workmen's wages and the hours
of labor. He disputed the right of M.
Millerand. Socialist, Minister of Com
merce, to deal with the matter by decree,
as he pr posed, until at the next session.
The speaker was loudly interrupted by
members of the extreme left.
M. Millerand. in replying, disclaimed all
intentions upon the part of the Govern
ment to curtail the rights of Parliament.
Other delegates tried to debate the mat
ter, but the Premier, M. Waldeck-
Rousseau. declined to consent to this, and
the Chamber upheld him by 33S to 186
votes. The Premier then read a decree
proroguing Parliament for the long vaca
tion, and, amid applause from the leftists
and protests from the right, the House
was adjourned.
CONFERENCE AMENDS
ARBITRATION CLAUSE
Germans Wished It Made Optional
Instead of Com
pulsory.
THE (jAGI'E, July 4.— At a meeting thi*
afternoon of the arbitration committee,
the question whether arbitration Phould
be obligatory or optional arose anil ch-..-w
a declaration from the German delegate
to the effect that he had received formal
Instruction* not to acceet the pl>.-a of
obligatory arbitration otherwise than by
special convention.
Ln view of this statement, article 1 of
the Russian proposal was struck out and
replaced by a provision declaring that
arbitration should be optional, 1 xcopt in
cases of conventions between thf /-owth.
All the delegates agreed to this, M.
Bourgeois, head of the French delegation,
,}< daring that he had accepted it only as
a compromise.
See
Williams, Steward, Gleanon and McMa
lK,n, Tillman, Everett, etc.. great calse
walkere, at International Cakewalk Car
nivaJ, Mechanics' Pavilion, July 15 to 22.»
FOLLY OF CASTELLANE.
PARIS July 4.— Comte Boni de Castellane, who married Miss Anna Gould,
has ;..Mr.-ss.-.! a communication to the Prince of Monaco sharply criticizing
the Prince t"r his recent letter to Madame Dreyfus Inviting her and her hus
band to sojourn at his chateau after the prisoner's acquittal, of which the
! himself as confident. The Comte. who charges the Prince
with "interfering in an affair in which you are in no way conc.-rned." says: "If,
as a foreign sovereign, you thought you could lnlluence French officers in the
grave verdict they are about to pronounce, I leg you to note that we don't
in an equal footing, as none of us would condescend to call to account
a Prli <•>■ who is under tutelage.
"You are perhaps a relative of 1 >reyfus by marriage, but in this case It is
premature to triumph. If. on the other hand, it is as a protector of gambling
3 that you Intervene, permit me to tell you that Dreyfus himself would
dispi r.se with your services."
BRAZOS IS A
RAGING TORRENT
Reports Daily Become
More Alarming.
Special Dlspat I The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July I.— A special to the
Republic from Dallas, Texas, says: An
other flood disaster which, from the
first bulletin received here to-night, ap
pears to be worse than that at Calvert
on Friday and Saturday last, occurred
this afternoon in the Kniz«>s \ alley,
about 100 miles down the river from
Calvert. Reports say that the large
>!■■••! bridge of the Missouri. Kansas
and Texas Railroad, at Dewey station,
near the crossing ol the Brazos River
is gone. The river in that section be
gan rising suddenly yesterday and to
night is six feet higher than ever be
fore known. Immense drifts of houses,
trees, fences, etc., are floating hy
Sealey anil Dewey. Alarming reports
are comin«" in from La Grange and
Sealey of loss of life in the vicinity of
Brookshire. chief Lineman Lowrey of
ilim Postal Telegraph System, to-night
tlic following statement over the
long distance telephone from Sealey, -."
miles south of J 'alias: "The Brazos
River here is more than live miles wide
and the water lashing furiously. All
kinds of floatable property is
rushing along with the current. On
tin's side of the river, at Sealey, there
is ;ts yet little danger, but on the other
si'!*', Dewey and Brookshire, the condi
tions are terrible. Brookshire is thir
teen miles from Sealey and ?,7 miles
from Houston. \\V cannot £>■' from
the Sealey sid>- to the Dewey and
Brookshire side, and as our wires are
all gone on that side, we cannot tell
t!;>- .-xtent of the disaster at Brook
shire.
"I reached Sealey to-night In a small
boat, after spending last ninht on an
Island four milt-s from here. The bit:
bridge of the Missouri, Kansas
Texas Railroad at Dewey is --is g las
ruined. It is covered with water and
the center span is six inches out of line.
The entire structure Is likely to go at
any minute. Four miles of Missouri,
Kansas and Texas track are gone on
the Dewey side and about a mile on the
Sealey side has been washed away.
"If boats and special trains from
Houston or other points have nut yet
reached Brookshir>' they are too late.
The people, I fear, ■will be drowned be
fore they ran in- reached. This after
noon there were from three hundred
to four hundred persona on a small
Island near Brf.-okshire and the water
was rising rapidly. I fear they are
drowned by this time, as they had not
the slightest means of escape.
''The river here to-night is six feet
higher than in 1886, which was the rec
ord up to the present."
PAYMASTER WILCOX
MAY BE DISMISSED
Findings of the Court-Martial Now in I
the Hands of the Presi
dent.
NEW YORK, July 4.— A "Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
l."i;j? has forwarded to the President for
his action the record and finding of the !
court-martial which tried Paymaster Wil
lis B. Wllcox uf the navy. This means i
that the court found Mr. Wllcox guilty
of th<"- charge of drunkenness and recom
mended that ho be dismissed the service.
I understand that Secretary Ivng has rec
ommended that th'- finding be approved.
.Mr. Wilcox was trif-d at Mare Island, the
scene of the alleged offense. The report
current in naval circles concerning his
misconduct is t< *h" effect that upon his j
return from the Monadnock at Manila he
was sent to the naval hospital at San
Francisco for treatment. After his dis
charge from the hospital he was ordered
borne and granted leave, but his subse
quent condition was such as to lead to the 1
presentation of the charge upon which
he was tried.
Th< Secretary's recommendation that
the finding- be approved by the President
is based, it is said, upon a warning given I
to Mr. YV!li"ox some time ago. This officer
while at Manila earned the commendation
of Admiral Dewey by making a trip
across the island of Luzon with Naval f
Cadet White before the beginning of the j
insurrection. His report Is a very valu-
I able naval document.
STORES STONED BY MOB.
Rioting- Continues on the Streets of
Madrid and Barcelona.
MADRID, July 4.— At Alicante to-day
a mob stoned thf stores whose owners
refused to close. The Octroi offices were
set on fire by the rioters. During a
cavalry charge at Valencia a French
man who attempted to raise a flag at
a window was injured.
BARCELONA, July 4.— The disturb
ances were resumed here this morning.
Many stores were compelled to close
and the horse-car service was sus
pended. As the lines are worked by an
English company it is reported diplo
matic representations will be made to
the Government on the subject of the
damage sustained.
NICHOLAS TO THE FINNS.
Hopes the Suffering People Will
Prove Their Loyal 3>evotion.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4.— While
refusing to receive the Finnish depu
tation, the Czar has issued a rescript
declaring that when he ascended the
throne he took up the sacred duty of
watching over the welfare of all peo
ple under thi> Russion sceptre and
"deemed it well to preserve to Finn
land the special fabric of internal leg
islation conferred on it by my mighty
forefathers." His Majesty then ex
pressed the hope that "the loyal devo
tion of the Finns would he proved to
the satisfaction of their Governor Gen
eral."
Lieht on Diamond Head.
HONOLULU, June 27.— The Govern
ment tug Eleu is now engaged In taking
observations of the new light (red and
white > at Diamond Head, lit for the
first time on Sunday evening, and it is ex
pected that about the first of next month
the official proclamation of its being in
operation will be promulgated.
THE SAN FRAJSCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1599.
LEASE OF LIFE
FOR ABE MAJORS
Outlaw Granted a Stay
of Execution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 4.— Abe Ma.iora
will not be executed on Friday, Judge
Hart having granted a stay of execution
until the case may !><■ heard by the Su
preme Court of tin- State. While public I
sentiment gent-rally is strong apains*. the
young fellow In Qgden, the. ministers of
this city, the various women's soci itles
and even the prisoners in the State ;>■ nl
tentiary, where Majors now is confined, !
have taken up liis case, believing that it
was not h<' who tired the shot that killed
Captain Brown, but that it was the work
of his brother, who was killed. Police
offl< era generally, however, arc against
the stay of execution, and say the move
ment iii behalf of Majors is merely maud
lin sentiment.
The Call correspondent saw the con
demned man to-day at the penitentiary.
He was much pleased over the respite
granted, and Bald "he was satisfied that
when the case came before th«- Supreme
Court he would be granted a new trial.
"There is no doubt in my mind." he
said, "that my conviction was the result
of prejudice, and was had in the heat of
the moment, without a due consideration
of facts in the case t >n.- tiling I wish
you would say for me- 1 never tired tho
shot that killed Captain Brown."
"You know the st'>ri>s that have been
printed about you in the California
press?"
"Yes, but I do not care to discuss that
now."
NEWS OF HAWAIIAN
SUGAR PLANTATIONS
Cabinet Decides to Grant a Franchise
to the Hilo and Kohala Rail
way Company.
HONOLULU, June 27. Stockholders of
the Kihei plantation nr>- elated at the
news brought on Sunday that an abund
if artesian water has been struck at
a depth of 220 :
The Cabinet yesterday granted
Spreckelsville plantation owners the
privilege of constructing another dltcn
mountainwards of the present one.
Last Thursday evening the boiler and
engine house of Honomu plantation,
Hawaii, were destroyed by tlr>\
The Cabinet lias reconsidered its former
decision and has decided to grant a
franchise to the Hll<> and Kohala Railway
Company, so that some day in th<- near
future the large Island of Hawaii will I •■
almost encircled with railroads, taking m
all but about three-fourtha of the \\ •
side and tapping the most fertile ianda
and prominent plantations of sugar pad
coffee.
<»n Friday last a fire, started by a
spark from a locomotive, broke out In the
■ flelda at Koloa plantation and
burned over an art a of seventy acres.
Mr. Conant has been appointed manager
of the Mcßryde plantation. Its stock
holders hare also been gladdened at the
strike of an excellent supply of water at
180 feet. This company has segregated
the fertile Lawai Valley for settlers
working on the plantation.
AmoniT the very knowing: ones tln'ro
are breathless whisperings of a projected
"big- deal" in Honnkaa.
WILL INVESTIGATE
SUPPOSED MURDERS
WASHINGTON, July 4— There is r. as a
to believe that the State Department will
Bet on foot an investigation of the sup
posed murder of Americans who were
mr-mtrrs of the expedition ascending the
Xinpcu river, in Brazil, sonic months ago.
Minister Bryan has made no official re
port concerning the alleged massacre, but
it is expected that he will seek the aid of
the Brazilian Government in establishing
the truth or falsity of the report.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT TTTT T »
SAVED!! Wdl iLAUGHLIN'S BELTI
And Gratitude Prompts Him to Acknowledge It. t
Ukiah. Cal. 4-
_r^^^^r _^g=a»w^ DR. McLAUGHIjIN— Dear Plr: I was a broken-down man, 4-
:^g^~ fr ~'~- ..n^Ssa- ._ completely, of no account for business or pleasure: was dizzy, 4-
---~~^-— ~"Cr^- -=^ — -■ ~—^^m. * ' nervous, lame In legs, back, and. In fact, all over. My mem- 4-
M #r->w "* or was poor, and I was debilitated. [ got relief within 4
~~ ; three days after putting your belt on; my strength Improved, ■+-
i ~ "*~ s— — £ >IJBNv "*----_ -*• and the lameness left me. I have gained every day since, and •+-
- —■^^ r^&t V^« - •** '-V ~Z~^ am now '° m Pl'*tely cur^d. 1 feel as I did thirty years' ago. .
- — — ]ifffj> jg^Sy — -~~~ ■ Tour belt knocks medicine Into Christendom, and to It I owe "*"
=3 g£lJ^^^^w^ :^^^^-J^y^'^ S^' :==:= —-- As is the "Life Buoy" to the drowning "t
\\^^ !^ i^^^^?/^^^^^^^^^====r-- man, so is my Electric Belt to him who is 4:
-- "^j^> j/Ci^^^^^^Xf ""^^^ A^^^^»^ir^s?^ |i^^j^i^-----^^r' wrecked by disease and pain. It is the ♦.
-^^^•l^^^^^V"^ I one su P reme remedy with the same mag- 4-
>^7^" fg^XnSi^l^^r^ s^^-^ yf^"'"S^^ netic charm as ever. Those whom it has X
%^^m¥¥^^m^^^wif : '']m^^^ cured are daily sending letters of praise ♦
Ifi^f v^^>^ an(^ thankfulness, and their words are the X
''~WS^^^^^SS^W^S^^^ most convincing ever penned, for they're >
genuine. This famous Belt pours in a X
r - < '^^^^r^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Hood of Electricity to the nerve center, X
"" "v \ \ ■^^^^a^^^^J^^^^l-^ :^\v^ and through that reaches every affected ♦
P art °^ c s y stem - s a battery it is per- "t
<^sss?^ v^^^^t=c feet, and is the most comfortable applica- -4
"~ tion of curative Electricity ever used. My X
Belt never fails. I've never deceived in a single case. The reputation of the Belt is its 1
guarantee; and it is not only a quick remedy, but a lasting one. You should try it. - It ▼
will cure your pain, your Weakness, your Rheumatism, your Kidneys, your Nervous De- ■♦•
bility. Why suffer? Your recovery begins the very hour my Belt clasps your body. It X
gives action to the blood, strength to the nerVes and muscles. If you've used plasters, X
tonics or liniments, and these have failed, as they will do, try nature's own remedy, >
Dr. McLau^hlin's Electric Belt. I
CALL AND TEST THE BELT OR SEND FOR FREE BOOK.— You can learn all ' ♦
about it in ten minutes. It is simple, but grand. You can test it and feel its power, and +
when you understand it . you will want it. You will know that at last you have found ♦
vio-or, health and happiness. If you cannot call, send at once for my free book, "Three Classes 4-
of°Men." It is full of candor, full of nature's truths, and will help you. Call or write to-day. X
...'.'■- ■ 4-
nn II A 11^1 Illinill 111 702 Market. Cor.Kearny, office hours-s a.m. toio P m ±
IK M IX mf 1 I ill I? 'Hi 111 SAN FRANCISCO, and Sundays. 10 to I. 1
Hill 111) fll EilU&»n 111 Cor. Spring and Second. Los Angeles NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES 4-
. . ■ ■ " ■ ■■ ■ " '4
4.4.4 4,4 4 4 44»44-4-»4- + + -»->>--f » ♦ ♦ ♦ »«4 » ♦ »♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ HH^MHHHIHMMM M^MMH»If
CROCKER'S OFFER
TO VINEYARDISTS
Fourteen Dollars a Ton
for Grapes.
SEEKS TO CONTROL THE CROP
BELIEVES HE CAN ADVANCE
PRICES.
♦ - -
Asks the Growers to Co-operate With
Him and Thus Add to the
Profit From Their
Vines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, July During the
past few days every vineyardist in thi3
part of Sonoma County has received a
copy of the following circular letter from
Henry J. Crocker, ex-president of the
California Wmemakers" Corporation:
♦-f♦<♦++++++ + + + + + + + +
4. • 4"
4- SAN FRANCISCO. July 1. 4
-- Dear Sir: 1 Invite your attention to 4
■*■ the proposition I am making; to the 4
-- grape-growers of thisl State. It Is 4
-v owaoii on tlie Idea trutt Without some -*•
4- plan of establishing a basis for prices 4
-- the viticulture! interests of the .-state 4
-- Will again be Jeopardized by the failure 4
-- of the winemakers of the State to re- 4
-- organize. • j"
4- I firmly believe that the course of the 4
-- California YVinem;ikers" Corporation "was 4
-- the right one to pursue, but without a 4
-- control of the product they cannot sue- 4
-- ceed, and it is generally conceded that 4
-- they will not combine together again for ♦
4- 'mutual protection. *
♦ Under the circumstances I have re- 4
■♦- signed the presidency of the corporation, ■♦-
•♦- and, following my original ide;» of bene- 4
tilting the industry, of which the grape- 4
+ grower Is the foundation, 1 propose to 4
-- make an attempt to assure to the grape- 4
-- grower a fixed price annually for his 4
tpi duct, and thus remove him from the 4
-- uncertainties of a fluctuating market. 4
-- The average price of grapes for the -♦•
4- past ten years has bt-en $19 50 per ton. 4
-- With absolute control, I feel such con- 4
-- ndence In my ability to increase this 4
-- value that I will pay you cash on qeliv- -♦■
4- cry $14 per ton for all the standard va- 4
-- rleties and $12 per ton for missions and •♦
4- Jlalvoises. , . "♦■
4- Contracts will b.« made separately with 4
-- each Individual grape-grower for seven 4
-- years, and should I secure enough con- 4
-- tracts to make the project feasible I feel 4
-- assured that the capital which was In- 4
-- terested in the success of the wine- -♦•
4- makers will gladly come forward in the -♦•
4- grape-grower.'' interest, and the result 4
-- will be a benefit to the various branches 4
-- of the Industry. If I fail to secure the 4
-- contracts I will be compelled to drop 4
-- the project. "♦"
4- Trusting to hear from you In regard 4
-- to the matter, 1 am, yours truly, 4
4. HENRY J. CROCKER. 4-
Tn an Interview to-day one of the lea<l
liik wine dealers and vlneyardista "f So r
noma County expressed tin- opinion that
the offer of Mr. Crocker was not only
most liberal, but was one which should
be taken advantage of by every vlneyard
ist In the county. Mr. Crocker has ample
financial backing, and will undoubtedly
fulfill cvi rj promise mad.- to the
yardists. Mr. Crocker accepted th. ;
il.-my of tl)-- corporation tirin in the be
lief that he could lift the industry t > i
paying basis fnr tlie growers. Ii: 1
dissension caused a failure of his plans.
This was followed by his resignation ■ f
the presidency, and the affairs of the i or
poration will s'">n be brought to a close
Mr. i 'rocker does noi bind himself to par
the prices quoted, unless h>- la assur<
absolute control of the market. With
each circular was sent a postal card aa
follows:
July .
Mr. Henry J Crocker: I think favorably i:"
your proposition f. t purchasing grapes. I have
acres, which ; r iduce
Many vlneyardlsta made bast.- to reply
affirmatively, bur others hesitated.
In the opinion of the leading •K>;ii»>r re
ferred t". whose name The tall eorre
spondeni wai requested t.> withhold,
"Mr. Crocker win not secure sufficient
Cta t ■ pui h!a project into ■
The • » 1 1 1 >- i« ason for this belief is that it
is t'"> r '<"'i. too liberal, a characteristic
of Mr. Crocker In bis dealings with the
grow< rs."
Interviews with :i numbpr of vineyard-
Ists to-day confirmed this opinion. They
hold back' in the belief that prices will go
still hiirher, and th«y may lose better op
portunities by signing Mr. Crocker's con-
I : acts.
In this connection It may ho said th.-v
John I>. Bosch of Windsor, who is now
erecting the largest winery In the county
at Geyserville. Bad great difficulty in se
curing tho necessary contracts at $12 a
ton to warrant him in putting 1 up this
winery. This price was $2 a ton or more
above" the prices received by the vine
yardists last year for their Krnn<s. Now
comes Mr. Crocker with another $2 ad
vance, and tn»- hopes of the growers are
aroused for still bettor prices.
DEWEY RECUPERATES
IN CEYLON HILLS
PORT SAID. July 4.-The latest news of
the Olympia is that the ship stopped at
Colombo to enable Admiral Dewey to re
cuperate his health in the hill country of
Ceylon. The Olympia probably will soon
iinivf at Suez and proceed to th« Oa;-
--danellea, the United States Minister hav
ing invited tii<' admiral to spend a short
time with him on the Bosphorus.
DISASTROUS FIRE
IN RENO'S CENTER
Rows of O;d Buildings
Totally Destroyed.
THE CAUSE IS UNKNOWN
AGED FORTUNE TELLER HAS A
NARROW ESCAPE.
The Loss Is Estimated to Be at Least
$25,000, On Which There
Is Very Little In
surance.
Special Dispatch to The (rail.
RENO, July 4.— Fire broke out at the
southeast corner of Second and Virginia
streets at 10 o'clock to-night in a row of
wooden buildings and spread with alarm
ing rapidity. Shortly after 11 o'clock the
spread was checked, but by that time
half a block each on Virginia and Second
streets, extending respectively south and
east from the corner, was a seething
mass of flames. •
All of Reno's fire-fighting facilities, as
sisted by willing volunteers, have fought
the lire from behind hastily constructed
screens, the heat being so intense that
all the buildings across the street from
the Ore are badly scorched and have been
on Bre a number of times. j
On Virginia street, at the corner of
Becond, the first building destroyed was
that occupied by Fred Kohlster. tailor
Bhop; then '•earne Dodson & Farrion's
Columbia bicycle factory, th.- Spanish ta
rhale factory, Dan May's shoo factory, <
Mrs. Goodman, fortune teller; T,ouis Even- j
zinon's saloon and a French laundry. On
Becond street the fire took in three build
ings owned by F. C. Vpdike and occupied
by a paint shop, paper Btore. carpenter
shop and an unoccupied house. These,
together with their contents, were totally
deal n >yed.
Being altogether wooden structures and .
a fair breeze blowing from the west, they
burned lik.- tinder. allowir"» no time to i
remove their contents. The spread of the
flames was so rapid that it was with diffi
culty that Mrs. Goodman, an aged and
decrepil fortune teller, was rescued from
her rooms. The front of the Washoe
County Hank was somewhat damaged by
beat. * The front and contents of H. J.
Thye's wholesale liquor establishment,
Porteous 1 Decorating Company and Fol-
Bom & Cahlan's grocery Btore suffered
considerable damage. Mrs. Needham s
furniture store was on fire twice, but was
finally saved.  . ... ,
The fine business hb>ck recently built by
M>-, Oscar .1. Smith was scorched on the
south Bide Th.- loss is estimated to-night
at $25,000 insurance very little. The flre
originated near the rear of Dan Mays
shoe factory, but its cause is shrouded
in mystery.
SAMOAN COMMISSION
READY TO RETURN
Will Sail for San Francisco Within
Ten Days If No Complica
* tions Arise.
NKW YORK, July 4. A Tribune Wash
ington special says: Long this morning
received this cable dispatch from Com.
mander James Miller, commanding the
auxiliary cruiser Badg< r:
AUCKLAND, July 3 Brutus sails for Hono
i iger with' thr commls
n the 14th, If nothing prevents.
This is taken by the authorities as con
clusive evidence that the Commissioners,
while tht-ir labors hay.- not been com
pleted, clearly sit- the end In sight, if no
new i ompllcatlons arise.
The collier Brutus went out to Samoa
tn supply th" Philadelphia with coal for
the flagship's return voyage, and re
mained with the Badger as a fuel store
ship in case 'he commission's stay should
be protracted. From Honolulu she prob
ably will go to Pan Francisco. Naval of
ficials think th<- Badger will proceed
straight to the latter port, reaching there
aboul Augusi L
The Commissioners will come dlrt-ct to
Washington, and probably will hold sev
eral conferences here after submitting
their reports to their respective govern
ments.
The Abar.'nda left Valparaiso to-day
with material for the new coaling station
at Pago Pago, Samoa.
HUNTER WILL REPRESENT
ENGLAND AT SAMOA
Will Temporarily Replace Consul
Maxse. With Full Au
thority.
LONDON, July 4.— ln the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Sec
retary of the Foreign Office, Ki^ht ilonnr- .
able William St. John Rrnderiek. reply-
Ing to a question, announced that Mr.
Hunter, the chk-f police magistrate of the
Fiji Islands, had been appointed Tiritisli
consul :it Apia, Samoa, duritip the ab
sence nf E. I?. S. Maxse, adding that he
would exercise the same functions as Mr.
Maxse, whom he temporarily replaces,
but does not supersede.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
IF YOU ARE THINKING OF FIXING UP THE HOUSE.
Delightful Patterns-Beauty Spots to Walk
On— at Pleasant Prices.
THE OLD-FASHIONED DAMASK INGRAINS, sides to^a^..^.
OLD"FASH;ONEDTHREE-PLYs;"thkka^"bo^ 73c
GREAT BIG RUGS to*h the cunnmg l.ttle Jap -^yen o™^ gQ
co nnns:s and desi?ns., qx 12 v /( nrm »rlv /is 70c
OLD DUTCH CARPETS. XXX V rljrVTTi\ri
The Celebrated "FAN TAN" and "NAGAYA" MATTINGS....-...— ■—••
($B.OO quality), a roll, 4° arus 353.y0
Out-of-town otders, with dimensions, given special attention.
ART CARPET CO.,
228 POWELL STREET, Near Geary.
*» a « ■ f+ •■ f«% I
pje^CANOEJ
W snd TUMORS CURED
vhnhheS Anvlumpics
.-.<-,' ''"'?''' " woman's breast is
ws) s poison the
%ag4L*^ T&&rS When the cancer
,v armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hare Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEIND to SOME ONE with CANCER
ivisir DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF AHATOkm
a C& iflniAin*af.»stflAiw»,BLf.asL d
T Q" The tjireeit Anatomical Museum in the \
I to lflEß^S\ bpecialist on the •-"•"- Hsu 36 year;- 0
1 A &&T&1 CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
; Comultation free ar.d strictly private \
I $ h lf%^ P^r/ IMe^r«ine»«y:easeiinser»En.1 M e^r«ine»«y : easeiin5er»En. ' T
! Ar f |lR Write for Rook. PUII.OM»PHYof 1
j'f 11/ \\-i »4KRIA(.i:, mailed frKEJi. (a"
j \ Jj jl valuable buok for mm) k
V .I«»KI> * \ * CO* 1051 Market St.; S?F. f
. . _
mrWffß kisL m >® ™ar r**m
- I HhM »B™BII E Sh ML
Ci^Mt^U^/C^ THE NEW
UTXSr 10th Day. *ft« -'Of- if llibllUnH
V ITAL!S iCthD^ **- IS DcycnV
PRODI TBS THE «m.vK 30th Day. Si S. iLIM I1 1
BEBI ITS, It quickly* surely rfraoves Nervousness. Imi.otfticy,
NiKhtly F.mis.ii.>n», Evil l>mms WaftinE Pi»MU«i and all effects
of self -abuse or <*xcf-s* an*', indisrr^tion. Restores L"?* Vitality,
Power ami Failinr .Me mcry Wards 'ff Insanity and Coniurup-
tion. Cnr« wh«n ill ■•■•• fall; Insist on havi'n? VITA I. IS,
I no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail *l.<.n
fif^^ I^tJt^■^^siJ for >■•.">.«<«> with ■ guarantee to Cure a*
(cfiincl the Monry. Cirrular Tree. Ad,)re«-
CALUMET CIJiK CO., 884 Drarburn .»t., Ch!oar»
I Sold by Owl Drue Co.. 3alilwln i'harmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Crant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
ELECTRIC BELTS.
Prices from J3 50 to
ffi^vT- "^■^'•^Wi ' 25 - Largest inanu-
kC-\\ '! N - T n // ■V%Q facturers in the Unl-
:ul^^^T?CT^fh3' ted States. w°th this
connected with this
eEtabllshment
'r*sssjM&_ -', > |7 For particulars
**JL jt^ call or semi 2c In
/j"f*» stamps for "Booklet
' v No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
IMtnVI 6 f-* LOST VIGOR,
f— "AND MANHOOD
Cures Impctency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of sill-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood'builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re>
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 pir
boxi 6 boxes for $2.50, with ,i written
guarantee.to cure or refund the money,
S«n>ita medica! Co., CHntcn « 3achson its., eWcago.
E. Ik Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. 8. F.
t NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Pep-,
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Snpervlsora of the City and County of San
Francisco, City Hall building, second floor, July
I
'public notice Is hereby given. in accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City ami County of
San Francisco, for the year 1899, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. in. to
4 o'clock p. m.,' and that said Board of Super-
vi«»ors met to examine the Assessment Book
and equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON; July 3, 1899, at 2
o'clock and will thereafter continue in session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them is di^osed of, but not
later than the 17th day of JulyT IS9'J.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also Riven, that In accordance
with sections 1897, 1593 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and is now open for exam-"
lnatioT and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN* A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PChlchester's English Diamond Brand.
ennyroVal Nils
_^JJ~V Orlclnai and Only Genuine £,
f'Ah 6£j£m Drujgirt for' Chichater c English D.a-Jv^t,
&t*ilgffQE>&.Kiond Brand in Kcd »a.l Gold me'.allie\\r3'
i —^SJyboxts, tealod with blur ribbon. Take \jr
I T^N *l>i Wjno other. Refute dar.gToy- .^«j'.»'!tu- V
I'/ ~ Aftiont and imitation.'. At Urujtsisls, or >cid 4«,
I 4» 2g In i umpß far particulars, tcstioorli'.s sni
V"C &9 " K*"Urf Tar to«Uc«>." in letur. ty return
«V If M»ll. I«,00OT»»timoni»U. ftiii*- Paper.
fChlf*i enter C>»cialcalCo.,Vn<l!'>osaBq»»r»
l»!4 by all local L>ru<gl3tt. PI] EL& '> A.. i \
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pads, J. EBFIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA ft CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
I DR.PIERCES }
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
| BLQOP.B.SV£R.LSJfrGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Ib a Great Restorative? Invlgorator and Ner-
vine.
, The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells on its own Merita
■NABER, ALFS & BBUNE, Agents,
313 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
| OCEAN TBAVEIfc
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fe^ Steamers leave Broadway
»^>t^ wharf, San Francisco:
3 $!*«■§»». For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
' BbSl hßoiM^ *■ change at Seattle.
« sswf4rl jal Kit Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I BlnV^rTsTnti '*•>• ''"« Townsend. Seattle.
• Ir* l^B^Wi tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
1 I a. in. July 5. 10. 15, 20, 2j -
-1 30, August 4. and every fifth day thereafter;
1 change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. f.
}:■. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. July 3.
I g, 13. 18, 23, 28, August 2, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
I Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Ang-eles) ana
' Newport. 9 a. in.. July 3, 7. 11. IS. 19. 23. 27, 31.
. Augrust 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
• For San Diego, Stopping only at Port Har-
I ' ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a,
I ! m.. July 1. 5, 9. 13, 17. 21. 25. 29. August 2,
! and every fourth day thereafter,
i For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Caho. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., "th of each
1 j month.
, i For further Information obtain folder.
' | The company reserves the right to change
1 without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
i TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
j street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
\ THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DIPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC 12 First Clas* Including Berlin
I nllL 58 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails June 22; July 2, 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7.
17, 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt«,
! Helena and all Dolnts In the Northwest.
Through ticket." to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
C3O Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
 Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-'
YIN HAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
j TICKET OFFICE, 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
. ■■ New York July 121 St. Louis August <>
' St. Paul July ! - St. Paul August 11
New York ..August 2! New York ..August 23
RED STAR LINE.
' New York and Antwerp.
\ Firm New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
. Noordland July 111 Southwark ...August 3
Friesland July 19 Westernland ....Aug. <»
Adrla July 2fi' Kensington ....Aug. 18
i EMPIRE LINE.
1 Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
' For full Information regarding freight and pas.
sage apply to
! INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, lpm for
! YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
: Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
i India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Failing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, July 5
AMERICA MART' Saturday. July 23
'■ HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mail Steamshio*
1 Sail from New York Every Saturday for»
Glasgow, .via Londonderry.
Saloon PasKn£e. $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome $85. Other Steamers. $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furnessia, $24.50. Other
1 Strs.. *23.r.0.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
, HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUOAZiI. 5 Montgomery st
Or L.. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st.
1 Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st.
; SAN FRANCISCO.
fjj^ -_^ Wednesday, July 12
Oj/^ 1 • > -at 10 p. m.
SiWfTlSnlD^ The S - S. Australia
salls for Honolulu
(sm93itth Wednesday. July 2 6 ,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENEKAIiB TRANSATLANTIQDS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. .»—
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4i233j3r
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •*J*«?Eis
Morton st LA CHAMPAGNE. July 8; LA
NORMANDIE. July 15: LA BRETAGNE. July
22: LA GASCOGNE. July 29: LA TOURAINE.
August 5. First-class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $4.'): 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES 'AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building New York. J. F. FC-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom-
ery aye.. San Francisco.
1 i BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
. THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. no.
dally, returning from Stockton at I p. m
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. in.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
. Telephone Main SOS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
; a. m., 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): I rl-
I days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 ami
1 p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
i Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IEOS.
PARE We-
I A PERMANENT CURE |
$ of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea |
j| «n.i Gleet, ntaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C days; no other treatment required. C
5 Sold by all druggists. SAGRICULTURAL
CONVENTION TO
ASSEMBLE TO-DAY
♦
Mayor Phelan Will
Welcome Visitors.
TWO GENERAL SESSIONS A DAY
WILL MEET IN THE ACADEMY
OF SCIENCES BUILDING.
The " - ' nal Meetings Will
Be Mills Building
nnd Occidental Hotel — To
y's Programme.
The thirteenth annual convention of the !
Association of American Agricultural Col- |
leges ar,d Experiment Stations will as- !
Eemble In the Academy of Sciences build- '<
Ing at 9 o'clock this morning. Henry P. j
Armsby president of the association, i
Mayor Phelan will b« present and upon j
the part of the city will make the address •
of welcome to the members of the dietin- j
gulshed gathering. President Armsby will
reply to tills, and then the convention will
eot <3i>ven to work In earnest. The mem- '
bers at the association, have been gather- !
Ing for the past two days, but yesterday i
the- major portion of them arrived togeth- !
er. With a very few exceptions th*y are |
&11 At the Occidental, where the execu- j
tire committee has its headquarters and j
where a number of, the sectional meetings !
will be held. The other sectional meet- !
ings are to be held in the Mills building,
while the general sessions of the conven
tion Will be held every morning and even-
Ing m the hall of the Academy of Sciences
building. :
The Association of American Agricul- !
total College* and Experiment Stations j
Ul a great deal of important work of a ■
thoroughly national character to transact j
at this convention, and Its work will be j
'watched with great interest. The pro
gramme tor to-day embraces the astern- j
DlLng of the convention, as has been j
Stated. At the general session this morn- i
ing E. W. Hilgard of California and F. j
XV. Traphagen of Montana will discuss !
the alkali Boils. At 2 o'clock in the after- j
noon tlie sections or agriculture, chemis- i
try and mechanical arts will meet- These I
various sections will meet as follows: At
£ o'clock in the afternoon section of agri- :
culture and chemistry in the assembly
room in the Mills building; section of me- !
chanical arts, parlor Occidental Hotel, 4 ■
o'clock; section of college work, parlor A.
Occidental Hotel; section of horticulture ■
and botany, rotunda Mills building; sec- >
tion of entomology, room 1, second floor, '
Mills building. At 7:20 o'clock this even- i
ing there will be another general session j
in the Academy of Sciences building, at j
which the first hour will be devoted to I
routine business, after which will follow j
the annual address to the association by
President Armsby.
The convention practically began its I
work last night with the meeting of the j
executive committee-, which was held at i
the Occidental Hotel. The members of I
tliis committee art-: Henry H. Goodell of :
Massachusetts, John H. Washburn of j
Rhode island, Alexis: Cope of Ohio and!
William H. . ggeti of Minnesota. The !
meeting uf the committee was an execu- \
tive one azi«i nothing was given out for !
publication. The report of the committee
will be read this morning at the general j
session just as soon as Mayor Phelan has
cGncluded his address of welcome and the
convention gets down to work.
The association ;s represented by the !
ioai'irif; agricultural scientists from all
over tiie country. They are men of moans,
inrluence and high Intelligence, and a.- a
body they are working for the advance
ment of agriculture upon a plain, sensible
and paying basis. »Uuch that has bfcen
accomplished in the direction of agricul
tural experiments is due almost entirely to j
the association.
The following members of the associa- '
tion are registered at the Occidental:
Samuel B. Green, St. Paul, Minn.; T. Drew, I
Washington. U. i.". : F. lioupendorf. New York;
City; Ch Muhrland. Durban. N. 11.; VV. Frear. ;
stottM <..(>U«Ke i'a.. : T. Hunt. Columbus, Ohio; ■
V. E. Mussey, Lexingtcn, Ky. ; W. L. Hutclnn- !
Fon, Starkvllle. Mis*.; A. B. McKay, yturk- i
ville. Miss.; K. L. Lloyd, StarkiMlle, MJss. ; B.
\V: Kilgore. Raleigh. >i. C. ; R. E. Blouin, New j
<Tiean». La.; \V. F. GllfclFon, Luramie, Wyo.: I
B. C. BuiTman, Lararr.ie. Wye: Jl. P. Ormsby, I
State College. Pa.; J. L". Stubbs, Reno, Nev. , J
H. H. Uoodf.il, Amherst. Mass.; B. L. Hart-
He!!, Kingston. K. I.; M. E. Jaffa, Berkeley; I
F. P. Andersen, Lexington, Ky. . J. F. Scott, .
city; M. Parchell, Washington, L>. C. Mr.
Hayes. Washington, D. C; F. W. Woll, Ma.l- !
leon, Wta. ; E. F. Adams, city; A. L.. War
ner, Chicago, T . A. Rich. Burlington, Vt.;i
L. G. Carpenter. Fort Collins, Colo.; Dr. It. !
Jvedzig, ijuusleeg. Mich.; E. K. Jenkins, New j
Haven Conn.; \V. m. L.ter«ett, St. Paul, ilinn. ; '
F. M Emery. Boeexnan, Minn.: J. Hills. Bur- j
ilngton, Vt. ; H. F. Friends, Moscow, Idaho; j
T. H. Worst and E. Kaufman, Fargo. N. U. ; !
A. A. Brlgham, Kingston, K. I.; B. Van Herff, ',
New York City: E. Mf-ad, Cheyenne, Wyo.; i
W. H. Wiley, Washington; C. B. William?. >
Raielph. X. C. : E. E. Chllcolt. Brooklngs, S.
D.i H. J. Redding, Experiment. Ga. ; M. A. '
SccveU; E, B. Voorhele, New Bruns-wick.
N. 3.: C. D. Woods, Orone, Me. ; A. C. True. !
W»*lllrigtoja, D. C. J. V, Patterson, I^.xing- ;
ton. Ky.; W. V. Patterson, Lexington, Ky. :
Miss J. Reno, Greenville. .■•; J. a. Myers,
>.>"*■ York City; E. D. Haletead. New Bruns
wlck, K. J.i F. Hensol Chicago, 111.: E. W.
Allen. Washington, L>. C. ; J. L. ChatlieM. Fort
Collins, Colo.j G. W. Flint, Storas, Conn.
SAVED A WOMAN AT
THE COST OF WOUNDS
H. BJJSSELL'S BK-AVETtY PRE
VENTS A FOUL mTEtDEB,
Thrilling' Struggle for Possession of a
Razor Ends in a Bloody Manner.
Barter Tamey In Hiding.
Howard Russell, a mining man. Is a vic
tim of his own daring. In an effort to
save a woman from certain death at the |
hands of a divorced and Intemperate hus
band, Russell received slashes from a
razor that will probably disfigure him for
life.
Last night Russell was passing: through
the hallway of 141 Taylor street on his
way to hie room, and on nearing: the
room occupied by a Mrs. Tamey he heard
a loud and threatening voice and the un
dertones of a woman pleading for her
life. Russell peered through the shutters
and recognized Tamey. Seeing he had a
razor in his hands and was nourishing
it before the eyes of the terrified woman,
Russell; without a moment's thought of
his own danger and without any weapon
of defer.s<; but his hands, burst into the
room and grabbed the drink-crazed bar
hf-r. Th>- latter upon diFcovering the ally
r.itned on Russell and swung his sharp
tool with deadly aim. Russell managed
tv avoid it by blocking the blow and he
closed in with Tamey.
The Inttor was fo • -mined to commit
injury that he managed to get one of Rus
sell's fingers in his mouth and bit it se
verely. During the scuffle Mrs. Tamey
tried to zuiii possession of the razor, but
only succeeded in severely cutting her
f.ng»-r.
Taniey managed to free his razor for a
moment nv.<l Inflicted two terrible gashes
«.n Russell's lace and head. Evidently be
coming frightened at his deed the drunken
razor-wl elder rusht-d from the house and
is now in hiding.
Russell bled profusely and he was sent
to the hospital in all haste. Dr. Heintz,
the surgeon on duty, attended the wound
ed man. Twenty stitches wore necessary ;
to close up the gaping gashes.
Russell said that Tamey had frequently
threatened to kill his ex-wife. The po- ,
lice are searching for Tamev.
AN AGED GATEKEEPER
STRUCK BY A TRAIN
James Tlerney, a gatekeeper for the
Southern Pacific Company at the cross
ing of San Jose avenue • and Randall
street, was killed at 8:4.') last night by the
Incoming San Jose train. }-.<:• train,
which was late, was being sent along at a
fast pace on the down prade toward Va
lencia street station. When the warning
bell notified Tierney of the train's ap-
J proach he proceeded to lower the gate? |
1 at the crossing, and in so doing attempted i
; to attach a lighted lantern to the gate I
;on the west side of the track. He appar- I
j ently miscalculated the speed of the ap
• proaching train, and before he had time
, to cross the track the train was on top of
i him.
The engine, struck him in the hack and ,
j drove him against one of the po»ts, split:
| ting hi? forehead in a perpendicular line
■ from his nose to the top of the head. He j
; died In three minutes after he received |
i the blow. Patrolman J. F. Dennan. who j
• was near by when the accident occurred.
<iad the body removed to the Morgue. i
i Tierney had been in the service of the j
Southern Pacific Company during the past j
thirty' yeart=— lirst h.h a laborer, afterward
as a section hand an( ultimately as a \
gatekeeper. He was about 70 ears of age, I
unmarried; but has some nephews and
nieces in this city, whom he brought from
Ireland. It is sy'id that he was possessed
of considerable means, as he was an eco- '
j nomleal, sober man who attended to his
business and saved his money.
Jame? Hewitt was the engineer in
charge of the train. He said he did not
see the man until he was so pear him it
I was useless to try to stop his heavy rain.
jHe whistled to him. but it was of no I
I aval!. The man was thrown to one side
• and was not caught under the wheels.
I His duties did not require him to cross
■ the track at the mom. nit he did.
.Tan.-'> Hewitt, the engineer of the train
which struck James Tierney, was arrest
ed at 1:40 a. m. by Officers Edner and Far- .
I rell.
THE PRESIDENT EXPECTED.
Reception Tendered by the Sons of
the American Revolution.
Sons of the American Revolution arc
confident that President McKinley will
visit California during his term of office.
Members of the society have received
from the Chief Executive assurance that
he intends to come here. In expectation
of the visit the California society has ten
dered him a reception. The engrossed in
vitation to the President Is a thing of
beauty and must, therefore, be considered
a "joy forever." The address. "William
McKinley. President of the United
States," is displayed In illuminated text-
The body of th« invitation under the ad
dress reads:
Compatriot: In ant I I pat I of your Intended
visit to our -•■■•• the California Society Sons
of the American Revolution; parent society of
our patriot! ord^r, extend you a cordial wel
come and tender you a reception during your
visit in our city.
JOHN' ('. CURRIER,
GEO W. SPENCER,
BYRON" MAVZJT,
Committee.
San Francisco, June IT, 1599.
The invitation, which is engrossed on
highly finished bristol board was yester
day forwarded by mail to the President.
DRUNKEN AND BRUTAL
SON DOES DEADLY WORK
C. MANNING HTJRLS A LAMP AT
HIS MOTHER.
Mrs. Kennedy, Who Intervened,
Burned, and May Die — Her
Niece Also in a Critical
Condition.
Cornelius Manning, in an attempt to
hurl a lam;* at i i ;<e at >
the corner of Jones and Greenwich
streets la?t night, seriously burni d Mrs. ,
Mary Xc • : ttle 1
her husband, Paul Kennedy.
The latter's wounds are not dangei
ac of the woman nnd child were
I possil
at t!i. Harbor Hospital, where the trio
was T
• the Kennedy family, residing
at 730 Hay i ■ called on a Mr^
Manning, where the affair happened.
Cornelius Manning, a son
in lat'-r with a friend and
mi n si it "•
Mam islve
ge. The friend took his departure,
■ s Mrs. Manning
n for ins beha . I
-
: ■ -■ nine
- clothing. Nit satisfied
with hi.- 1 contemptible work, he seized an- '
: 1 was about to i
• at his moi • ' ' .
> rescue of the
: • zing oil in her
edy, realizing his wll j she
In a sheet of tiame,
r ana n led her Into a bed
room, where he wrapped a blanket around
her. but hi l not s«ubdue the fianvs
until ri-ey had horribly burned the un
fortunate woman. No arrest has yel
but it ls probable that young Man
y 111 be taken into custody to-day.
HAWAIIANS IN LINF.
First Foui-th. Since Annexation Cele
brated Appropriately.
HONOLULU, H. 1., June 27.—Arrange
■ rst celebration in thf Isl
n 'if the Fourtli of
J'llv are progressing in fine shape. Th^re
will be a big demonstration. Special
■■! Sewall, Pr< si leni I tole
I n>mint-nt Hawaiian will make
■
out of the eagle." The parade will be an
frair. Triumphal arches
the line of march will be numerous. One
will be symbolic of Hawaii m-i. Over the
. of Columbia will stand
out prominently with that of Hawaii and
above these th<» standards of the two
- will mingle their folds.
Golden Gate Encampment.
N'pxt Saturday n'.erht the offlr< 1
en Gate Encampment No. 1. I. O. O.
F will be publicly installed in Memorial
Hall of the Odd ' Fellows' building, on
whioh occasion there will he .in address
barles A. Sumner. Patriarch William
E. Dubois is th* chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements.
ENCINAL CITY STIRRED
BY ITS LOCAL SCANDALS
ALAMEDA, July The unceremonious
dismissal of A. V. Fisher from the city
Electric Light Department threatens to
disrupt the Harmonic Hall party. The
leaders discovered when they let him out
to make a political Job for Thompson's
Eon that he had more friends in the rank
and file of the party than they calculated
upon. While the Harmonic Hall major
ity in the Board of City Trustees has been
wielding the ax in true political fashion
Fisher's friends in the party have been
sharpening their scalping knives and have
warned Trustees Mackie and Schulte and
Chairman Brick that war will be declared.
The Harmonic majority approved last
night the action of the Electric Light
Committee In discharging Fisher, and ac
cording to the programme named Thomas
Thompson for the place. There was no
discussion over the matter. Fisher will
make a claim for July salary in full. lie
refused to recognize as official the un
signed notice of June 30 that his services
were no longer required. He did not turn
over his books and continued his regular
duties until his office was declared vacant
last night. As he was employed by the
month he will claim that ho worked part
of July and is consequently entitled to a
full month's pay.
After the meeting adjourned last night
Fisher followed Brick Into the City
Clerk's ofllce and gave the chairman of
the board a severe tongue lashing. Ho
called him a coward and an unscrupulous
politician who did the bidding of Trustee
Mack .;_' O
The newspaper men were present and
Brick told Fisher that it was not 300 1
business to talk so plainly before repre
sentatives of the press. Fisher accused
Brick of making defamatory statements
concerning him to J. O. Messer, another
ex-employe of the electric " light depart
ment. This charge the chairman re
fused to discuss. railing to get any satis
faction out of Brick, Fisher returned to
the Council Chamber to have a personal
encounter with Mackie a.llll Schulte, but
the two Trustees had departed.
The holiday has somewhat quieted the
excitement that followed the Lamborn-
Schulta scandal, but startling develop
ments are looked for as soon as the
Fourth is over. Mr. Lamborn declared
that he will not let the matter rest and
will drop a bombshell into the camp of his
accusers that will shake the city from hill
to bay He also asserts that he will glvo
Schulte an opportunity to prove his ac
cusations as a defendant In an action for
libel. .
\lnmeda has never experienced so much
excitement In the conduct of municipal
affaire and the citizens expect that many
dark official cats will be let out of the
bag before the occupants of the City Hall
finish their fight.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, AVEPNESBAY, JULY 5, 1899.
THE IDAHO CRISES
GO TO WASHINGTON
Supreme Court Will Rule on
ConfiQing Men in the
Bull-Pen.
BOISE, Idaho, July 4.— Attorney A. A. Fraser to-day received a.dis
patch from Washington, stating that the United States Supreme Court
had iesued a writ of error in the habeas corpus case of Boyle, one of the
Commissioners of Shoshone County, confined in the "bull pen." This pro
ceeding was one of the first guns fired by the defense in the Coeur
ene dynamite cases.
Under this writ the record of the Supreme Court of Idaho will have
to be sent to Washington for review by the highest tribunal of the land.
SHAKESPEARE HAVES
AS COCK-EYE HOGAN
Why Be a Long-Haired Legitimate at Fifteen Per When You
can Do a Smash Act in Vaudeville and Wear Kohinoors?
BY ASIiTON STEVENS.
ONCE an ambitious actor of the
j legitimate on a salary that
' would hardly keep a newspaper
man in the luxuries of life, Ed
mond Hayes is now playing at the Or
pheum the part of Cock-eye Ilogan in a
rowdy skit '-ailed "A Wise Guy" for an
Income bigger than that of the Gover
nor of this State. Such is the fortune
of vaudeville jt you hit it off right. Mr.
Hayes throws ambition to the bow
8, puts a patch on h!s brow, redcn
his nose, profanity in his teeth, squeezes
a set of clothes several
sizes 1 •■ • small, punches and caresses
his associate player, Miss Lytton, in
s In all sorts of furious horse play,
and behold! he bids fair to rival in
riches the Rockefellers and Vanderbilts
of comm rce J of William
Shakespeare. but the stage has
changed!! Y"ou would n n t believe me if
i told you how many gold pieces this
team of Hayes and Lytton receive from
the Orpheum management for twenty
minutes' work. Mr. Miller's wage for
hard acting ami harder management
look small by comparison, Mr. Mor
FIRES AND MISHAPS OF THE FOURTH.
A BOX FACTORY IN
NORTH BEACH DESTROYED
! The Festive Firecracker Starts a
Number of Small Blazes Through
out the City.
The Clatsop Milling Company's box fac
tory on the corner of Powell and Chest
nut street?, was totally destroyed by fire ,
la«=t night. The buildings were long low
sheds and but little pecuniary loss was
suffered from their destruction. The
Bheds however, were filled with cut box
wood' supplies, and It Is estimated that
115.000 worth of material was consumed.
The lire was first noticed by Miss Emma
Hepp, who was walking along Powell
street about 10:20 o'clock. She saw the
blaze break out in the center of the roof
of the building, and without waste of time
rushed to the corner, where she procured
an alarm key. Up Lombard street she
ran to Mason and turned In the alarm.
Before the tire department arrived the
box ■ tory was burning furiously and .
the flames rapidly spread throughout the
structure A second alarm was then rung
in and every effort made to confine the
llames. In this the firemen were success
ful though at one time it looked as if the
house of L,. Cuneo, south of the factory,
would be destroyed.
The fire was of the stubborn kind,
the smoke clinging to the ground and
forming clouds which no light could pen
etrate The firemen fought the confla
gration as much with axes as with water,
devoting most of their energies to the
saving of surrounding buildings. \\ hen
! the second alarm was sounded the lire
had gained such headway that the com
plete destruction of the building could not
be prevented.
The Clatsop Milling Company ib an
Astoria lumber and box manufacturing
ration of which J. M. Huddart is
manager. The company had recently laid
in their summer supply of box lumber and
was very heavily stocked. Most of the
work done at this factory was simply
box-making, cut lumber being, furnished
1 from other factories of the concern.
As usual on the Fourth the Fire De
partment was kept busy last night an
swering caHa to Incipient blazes caused by
I carelessness with fireworks. The list is
1 as follows: .
Box 128, 2:04 p. m., three-story frame
building 1317 Leaven-worth street; owned
by Mrs. de Foust and occupied by A.
Smith as a dwelling; loss, slight; cause,
fireworks.
Box 186 6:51 p. m. Two-story frnmo
building, 413 Fifth street. Owned and oc
cupied by Mrs. A. Agnew. Lioss slight;
cause, fireworks. ..
Box 345. i*;3o p. m. Two-story frame?
building. 727 Davis street. Owned by Fair
estate and occupied by Ernest Durg as a
OLD WASHINGTON
COLLEGE DESTROYED
O /^n AKIJVND. July 4.— Curtner Seminary, at Irvington. was burned
${[ y> early this morning. The flames were first discovered by Mrs. Ingram,
jjwlfe of the principal. She amelled smoke and awoke her husband. At
X \v^/ that time there was but a small blaze, but having nothing with which
.^ to fight it he Bent the chore boy into town for the Fire Department.
Q Although the response was prompt the main building was completely
; •♦■ destroyed, besides much of the furniture. The sixty girls who studied at
, O the seminary last term are away on vacation and only four people were In the
X building when the fire broke out. Professor Ingram has lost all of his library'
5^ and personal effects. The loss Is estimated at $25,000. the building being ln-
Q sured, but not the furniture. It was built- In the early seventies by Henry
+ Curtner and for years was a school for both sexes, being known as Washing-
O ton College. A few years ago it was tak^n in charge by Professor Ingram
♦• and his wife nnd conducted for girls. The school was a conditional
O gift of Henry Cutner to the Christian church.
gan's would be only an item.
Why do the vaudeville houses pay
such price? Well, drop in at the Or
pheum and you will find out for your
«elf. Hayes and Lytton do what prac
tical managers describe as "making
good." Th«»y keep the crowd Jellyinp
with laughter all the while they are on
the stage; they delight the groundlings
and compel laughter from the wise;
they own every inch of the house for
twenty solid minutes. Your better na
ture tells you that the whole act is wild,
brutal, vulgar, more obvious in its
physical fun than the worst of the
British comics; hut it ls to laugh that
you sit there. I simply threw up my
hands at the Fourth of July perform
ance; they are still up when It comes
to criticising Hayes and Lytton. They
are the limit. I take back all that I
ever said about Johnny and Emma
Ray. Who ar.' Kelcey and Shannon
beside this c imbination?
There are other new figures in the
bill this week, clever too, but Cock-eye
Hogan and Jeanette Flim-Flam are
the ones that send you away wonder
ing where you are at.
dwelling h< . ■ and saloon. Loss partial;
fireworks.
Box P- ni —One-story frame
building, 511 Eighth street; occupl
O. J. Kapcete. Loss Blight; cause, are
works.
i. \ 27?. 9:59 p. m.— Two-story frame
building 2309 Mission street: owned and
occupied by Mrs. Mary Burns. Loss
(■■light: cause, fireworks.
235, 10:24 p. m.— Two-story frame
building, 1106 Potrero avenue. Owned by
Cosm ition and occupied by
Mrs. Mary Kenney us a dwelling-house.
].<->ss Blight; cause fireworks.
Box . p. m.— Two-story frame
building. 1046 Kentucky street. Loss
slight; cause fireworks.
A FEW DIDN'T KNOW
"iT WAS LOADED"
The Chapter of Fourth of July
Accidents Remarkably-
Short.
It was a dull day at the Receiving Hos
pital. The small boy who celebrates the
Fourth with that burning ardor which
leave? its* traces behind was conspicuous
by his absence. Not more than a half
dozen lads •'.rifted in to the city's doctors
during the <iay and helped dissipate the
reserve stock of linseed oil and lime
wat< r.
Powder scarred hands and faces rec r>~. 5
attention and the patients were all brave,
though piil<-. Now ami thpn a sufferer
came ii alone, but the majority boasted
a following of white-faced boys,
looked on with clinched fists ami sup
pressed breathing while the hero had his
wounds dressed.
Only one woman found her way to the
tal. She had not been celebrating,
but her laudable desire to fittingly com
memorate was denied her. The lady want
ed to be vaccinated, but thf vaccination
department was not in session and so she
- must celebrate some "'her day.
>s rr< b ted ;i t tho hospital ''
v. re serious or lik' ly t.> result seriously.
Edwin Clark, 12 years of ag<\ residing
at 1322 Broadway, had loaded a cannon
and happened to have the muzzle turned
toward bis face when it exploded. The
result was that his face and eyes were i
powder burned.
Walter Segor. 15 years of age. residing
at 6 channel street, had a quarrel with
another boy at Tenth and Bryant streets
about the possession of a revolver. The
oth^r boy got mad and fired a blank
cartridge at Seeer. The charge struck
him on the neck, causing a slight
sion.
Morris Stuesoft. 13 years of ago. resid
ing at 3018 Sixteenth street, wondered why
his cannon did not go off. While examln-
Ing: the muzzle the piece exploded and his
far-e end e.vcs were powder burned.
Tony Andarndez, 11 years of age. whose
home is at 245 Eighth street, and his
friend, W. J. Rourke. had been firing
off a revolver. Rourke, thinking that all
the cartridges were out, placed the muz
zle of the weapon against Andarndez ana
pulled the trigger. There happened to he
a cartridge in the revolver and the wan
ding entered Andarndez' s abdomen about
an inch and a half.
Carlton Jen son, '.'l7 Polk street, while
setting fire to a quantity of sulphur and
potash outside his home, bad lii^ left
hand badly burn4d.
Thomas Ky.-.n, 513 P.rannan street, and
(i. B. Paganini, 1H Russell street, had the
same experience. They were louklng into
the muzzle of a cannon and it exploded,
burning their faces and eyes.
Joseph Uro'^nv. of >'~ Clementina street
had ius left fingers burned, and A. Jones
of 10208 Folsom street was treated for
v wound in the right hai
John Kennedy, a small boy residing at
106 Clark streel d down the muzzle
of a cannon when 11 was loaded, with
the result that he made a hasty visit to
the Receiving Hospital to have his face
treated for bur:-. G. B. Paganlnl of 18
Russell streel had a similar experience.
His burns w< ■•
Walter McD well, who.se home is in
Creamer place, Is happy that he is alive.
He stood ■ ■■-■■ I ■ ■ filled with powder
with fuse attached. ii>- discovered his
mistake v. of the b"ttle
lodged in his wrist, face and legs,
Robert McNeil i f 318 .Tot-.ps street ex
perimented with a fire uoKt-r. His Inju
re speedily dres »d.
William Galln- 2 'iara sireet. was
trt-ated for ppwi In his face. Toy
cannon.
Emma Fader, a L4-year-old working pirl,
residing ai 51 Jessie Btreet, was shot in
the right leg 1 i irles Dunn of 41 Jes
sie street. .-■ ' • atal thai she thought
Charles shot her In fun. Dr. L>ray ex
tracted the bullet from her leg. Young
Dunn was arrested and charged at the
City Prison with an assault with a deadly
weapon.
All crt G. Quinian of 19 Clementina
el became In a quarrel with
. friend, whose name he refuses to
divulge, and the latter struck him over
Th.- right ey< . ; r " - - ■ wound.
At the Harbor Hospital Charles White
of 652 Folsom street was treated for a
lot wound ..f the lower Up. Hia In
Juries were noi - d he was !mme
hls home.
Nellie Campbell of 1120 Broadway was
another patient at the same hospital. Sh«»
suffered from powder burns on the face,
received while setting off fireworks.
Emanuf] Ugorte of 1712 Kearny street
■was accidentally shot in the ripht hand
and sought medical assistance at the Har
bor Hospital.
Percy Schwartz, an 8-year-old boy re
siding at 1124 Eddy street, was badly
burn»d about the face durinp the after
noon-while playing with powder. He had
a quantity of it wrapped up in paper and
attempted to set it off with a match. As
soon as the fire touched it the powder
flew up into the little low's face. He
was taken to a nearby drug store, where
the burns were dressed. Some of the
powder pot into the boy's eye and it is
reared that his sight may be permanently
injured.
Y. M. I. OUTING
AT EL CAMPO
XI <';im;' I in m< rry crowd yes
- From early morning until late In
fternoon the pretty picnic grounds
with the members and
friend I . Men's [nstltute, un
der v. ■ outing and
bration was given.
•rival of the 2:30 boat from the
city the patriol 'S were begun.
EL !:. Thomas opened with a few Intro
■ ry remarks on the occasion of the
celebration and then introduced Miss
Daisy Y. Keane, who sapg the national
anthem, and f.ir an encore "Columbia." '
\V. H. Langdon, orator of th«- day. was'
;•: • s< i and for lifteen
minutes eloquently dwelt on the stn gg
the forefathers had encountered in their
for liberty. He paid a beautiful
tribute to <'M Glory, and concluded with
a vivid picture of the heroic efforts being
made by the country's d< in the
pines to uphold the Stara. and
His patriotic utterances were
loudly applauded t>y his listeners.
The races resulted as follows:
<;ir!p under 12 years— First, Rosie Desmond;
Boys under 12 years— First, J. H. Heron;
second. J. RJorden.
First, G. McFadden; sec
onu, N. Mack.
Young men's race— First, William McCar
fery; Beeond, W. I>ane.
First. Mrs. M. Heffer
irke.
Mar; • t, Bob Ilarrlgan;
■
Fat ladies rat, Mr?. 1,. Gotyee; sec
ond. M!:-.s M. I I'Meara.
Fat . ■.. F.. Miles; second, C.
B. Slchlen.
■-legged race— First, J. Rlelly and W.
len.
Members Young Lndles' Institute — First,
Mies ] Institute No. 1; second,
Miss K. O'Meara, same Institute.
ibers V"uni; Men's [nstltute— First, J.
m; third, J.
. :■, in.
Running hop, skip an<! jump— First, W. C.
■
• a had the cele
. and it was due to their
efforts that it was a success:
Gam< ' lirman; J. M. Rodgers.
S J : ' - a. White, L.. T. Br wn .r
I ■ ■! I'lnkham, T. J. Horan.
• • Duffy, .T. A. Dunleavy, M. T. CresaUa,
T. !!. Slevln, A. • mas Kane, Antone
mulor, M. Sababin, John Violioh.
manager; \V. P,
r, assistant; J. A. Kelly, George M. K<-1
ly, P. A. Sullivan, Thomas E. Priest, Peter
rty, Eugene /S. Sullivan, Jani>>s I. Foley,
.t. .T. Monahan, D. F. Keefe, E. E. Miles F. J.
Foran, Dr. C. P. Me •< J^ttiean. J. J. Rlley,
' . W. .T Ri-
J. ' r Kei fe, I . .1. Ola arj . i >r. J. S.
Rirhards, Arthur Pollard, J hn Mahoney, P. .T.
Lawler, F. M R h a Murphy, N. J.
H -v, John Rlley, Joseph if. Hoare William
I of management)— P. ,T. Ha
*.-;.!!. R. 7. a>:n. D. .'. Moynihan, .!. T. Comyns,
i: .1 O'Rourke, W. P. Cooper, I>. Barry, I>.
J. Cullen, I). J. Mahoney, C. Cummins, D. K.
Hayden, J. A. Dunleary, F. J DriFcol!, E. B.
ia, YC\ A. Hreslln. P. J. Lawler, W. J.
X. F. Ryan, J. E. Gallagher, James
Ptrain Jr., N. J. Hoey. M. J. Neubauer. M. T.
Creialia, T. Powers, T. J. Horan.
Arranecm^nts- T. F. Ryan, chairman; D. J
-.. B. R Thomas. D. E. Hayden, J. E.
Oall;it'h<>r. M. J. Neubauer, T. Powers, T. J.
H< ran, W. J I larlln.
DISCHARGING FIREARMS.
Many Arrests Made by the Police for
Use of Pistols.
Yesterday a number of men, endeavor
ing to make their celebration of the
Fourth more noisy and pronounced than
that of other people, carried revolvers,
in which they discharged blank cart
ridges. During the day orders were issued
from police headquarters to place every
person under arrest who carried or dis
charged a firearm. At the California
Street Station the following were booked
and charged with having discharged fire
arms Inside the city limits: Leon Blanchi,
cook; Emil Lauten, machinist; L.. D.
Kink, bookkeeper; J. F. McGrath, clerk;
E. M. Kennedy, paper carrier; George
Stevens, clerk; Henry W. "U'lose, saloon
keeper; George Johnson, bootblack; H.
Taylor, porter; William Walther, saloon
keeper; James Turner, waiter; Jung
Loeng, mess man; Joseph Blattner, paint
er; Chew Won, cook.
A bail of S2>< was required for the re
lease of each of the prisoners. Many of
them furnished the required amount of
cash and left the station.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO. July 4—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. £6; Fresno, 100; I/os Angeles, 70;
Red Bluff. 96; San Luis Oblspo. .76; San Diego
CS; Sacramento, £4; Independence, 92; Yuma, 106'
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature
C 4, minimum, S2; mean, SS. ;,.\
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The weather la generally clear along- the Pa
cific coast and partly cloudy over the plateau
i region. Light rain has fallen along Puget
Sound and at Spokane.
: The pressure has rally risen over the Pa
[ cific slope except in Nevada and Utah, where
, there ha.« been a slight fall.
The temperature has remained about sta
tionary except over Eastern Washington, where
there has been a fall of about 20 degrees.
Conditions are favorable lor fair weather over '
I the Pacific slope Wednesday, except In North- J
i crn Nevada, Utah and Northern Arizona, >
I where scattered light showers are likely.
i Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
I hours ending midnight July 5:
! Northern California— Fair Wednesday; cooler
In the upper portions of the Sacramento and
San Joaquln Valleys: fresh west wind.
| Southern California — Fair, except cloudy and
! foggy along the coast Wednesday morning;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy and threatening probably
: with thunder storms in northern portion; fair ;
I southern portion Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy and probably thunder storms
Wednesday; cooler.
Arizona— Cloudy and probably thunder storms
In the mountains of the northern portion: fair
in y^uthem portion Wednesday; cooler in
northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
except ll«;ht fog WWnesday morning: fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
■Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thort'.y of the Superintendent.
VOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Mlssion-«treet wharf) about
twenty-fly- minutes later than at Fort Point:
the helßlu of tide Is the Fame at both places.
WEPNEPPAT, .TULY I.
Un rises ;};•>?
Un sets ' :-> ''
Loon rise? ' 3:46 a. m.
D Time (Time .Time , rime!
S Ft. i Ft. Ft. I Ft.
» LW| IH Wl LW| Hw;
— 1 f — l ( — ] i — I 1 —
5 ... 4:01 —0. 11:011 4.5' 3:1« 3.0 9:35 6.2
6... 4:44-0.9 11:45 4.7 4:04 3.0 10:16 6.1
7... 6:20— 1 12:22' 4.8 1 4:51 3.0 10:56 6.0
8... 6:55 -O. SI 12:56 4.& : 5:35 2.9 11:35 5.8
9... 6:24—0.5 1:291 5.1 6:20 2. Si
H W| L W| 'H W L W
10 ... ' 0:15] 5.5! R:.-R« -0.2 2:01 5.2! 7:« 2.,
LI ...I 0:551 5.1| 7:29j O.lj 2:30] 5.2] 7:55 2.5
s
Time
.Time
Ft. (
JH W
NOTE— In the above exposition of th* i.d-?
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
flay In th» order of occurrence a* to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
I8.«t tide of the day. except when th»r«> are bur
three tide?. a« fomctlmt? occurs. The heights
given are addltlnn.o to the Frundir.*! 1 on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Fljtn <—) precedes the helffht.
and then the number given l.« subtracted from
the depth elven by the rhart?. The plane of
r«"ferpnrt» is> the nripftti n* •he lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer From. | Due.
Coqullle River. .'Grays Harbor July I
Empire 'Coos Bay July i
Aloha Point Arena July I
Areata 'coos Bay July '■
Weeott Humboldt July I
A. Blanebard...jCoos Bay July :
Bonita Newport ''-•.• ;
Pomona Humboldt July <
Walla Walla.. .:Victorla * Puget Sound July '
Willamette .... (Seattle [July i
Santa Rosa San Diego July !
North Fork 'Humboldt July ',
Point Arena.... Point Arena [July "
Pan Bias Panama July '
I.nella [Yaqulna Bay 'July 5
San Juan Panama 'July *
Columbia Portland July !
Coos Bay .Newport 'July 5
Czarina iPuget Sound Uuly J
America Maru.lCblna and Japan July 11
Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget Pound July 11
I
I Due.
BTKAMFRS TO PAIL
Steamer. [ Destination. ; Sails. i Pier.
Weeott Humboldt Uuly 6. 2 PIT 13
Corona .... Pan Diego July 5, '.1 am Pier 11
Cltv PueblalVlc * Pgt Sd. July 5, 10 nm Pier 9
A Blanch'd Coos Bay [July 5, 5 pmlPler 13
N Mam i ' In i < .Tartan July 5. 6 PMSS
Coqullle Grays Harbor 6. 2 pmlPler 2-
City of Rio China* Japan] July 6. 1 pmiPMSS
Fulton .. 'Oregon Ports. .Tulv 6. 10 am Pier 20
Areata ... 'Coos Bay Uuly 6. 10 ami Pier 13
Curacao ...(Mexico [July 7. 10 am [Pier 11
Bonita ... 'Newport Uulv 7. '• am Per 11
State of Cal Pi rtland Uuly 7. 1" ami Pier 24
Acapulco .'Panama Uuly 8.12 m'PMSS
Santa Rosa ' San Diego IJuly 9. 11 am' Pier 11
Walla W...|Vlc A Pet SdUuly 10. 10 am I Pier 9
Czarina IPueet Sound. July 'll I
Columbia .. (Portland I July 12. 10 am' Pier 24
Maripoe.a ... Sidney . .. 'Jul- 12. 2 pm'PJer 7
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
SHIPPHfG IXTKLLIGEM F.
ARRIVED.
Monday. July 3.
Pr stmr Coptic, Sealby, 27 day* IS hours 9
minute? from Hongkong-, via Yokohama 17
days 1 hr.ur an.l 14 minutes, via Honolulu 6
days 4 hours and 58 minutes.
Tuesday. July 4.
Ftmr South Coast. Strem, 67 hours from San
Pedro.
Sehr Aldee, Isaackson. 67 hours from San .
Pedro.
Schr Newark. Beck, 18 hours from Bowens
landing.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Schr Glendale, Johnson, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Pchr John F. Miller. Handen, days from
TTnsa.
Schr C. H. Merchant. Ol=en. 10 flays from
Seattle.
Bark Sonoma, Mattsen, 9 days from Ta
coma.
SAILED.
Tuesday. July 4.
D 8 Ktmr Gedney. nickels. Alaska,
Ftmr Lagruna, Ericsson,
Bnrk Fresno. Underwood. Port Gamble.
s.-hr Mildred. Kindlen. Seattle.
Bchr Seven Sister?. RaFmussen.
Schr Alcalde, Weitkunat.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 4, 10 p. Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 10 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
June 9— Let 16 P. lon* 37 W. Br ship Castle
Rock, from Swansea for San Francisco: June
2.1— 1, at 3S N, long 17 W, Br ship Blackbraes,
from Shields for Pan Francisco.
Per Coptic— July 3— Lat 37.31 XT, Ions: 123.2S
W, stmr Australia, hence July 3 for Hononlulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN NiI- Arrived July 4— Br stmr
Elm Branch, from Vladivostok.
EUREKA— Arrived July 4— Stmr North Fork,
hence July 2.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 4— Stmr Humboldt,
for lJy»a: stmr Orizaba, for Dyea.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July B— Bktn
Skaglt. from Port Luldow.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HILO— June IS— Bktn Archer, for Ban
Francisco.
HONOIPU— SaiIed June Schr Muriel, for
San Francisco.
KAHL'LUI- Arrived June IS— Bark Haydn
Brown, hence May 30. Sailed June Bktn
Wrestler, for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— SaiIed June JO — Brig Consuelo,
for San Francisco.
' ANTWERP— Arrived July I— Br ship Mer
ioneth, from San Francisco.
DUBLlN— Arrived July I— Br ship Peleus,
hence Jan id.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived July 8— ship Fannie
Kerr, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— July 3— Br ship Aller
ton. from Oregon; Br ship Osborne. from Se-
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July I— Br ship Car
diganshire, hence Feb 25; Br ship Poseidon,
from Oregon.
LONDON— Arrived July 3— bk Colbert,
from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July I— Fr bk Jules
Verne, hence Feb 4.
PANAMA— Arrived Jun» 22— Stmr Colon.
hence May 29. „„., T
KINSALE— Passed July 3 — bk Inverlochy,
from Oregon for Queenstown; Br bk Gwydyr
Castle from Tacoma for Queenstown.
LHTNGENESS— July Italian ship
F C Clamp*, hence Jan 5 for Grimshy.
SciLLY— Paused July 3— Br ship Grenada,
from Tacoma for Queenstown
HONOLULU— Arrived June 23— Bktn S. O.
Wilder hence June 8: Br Ftmr Doric, hence
June 17. June 24— Bark Martha Davis, hence
June 9. June — Br stmr Coptic, from Yoko-
Isailed June "2— Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco June 22— Bktn Robert Sudden, for San
Francisco. June 24— Haw bark Himalaya, for
c an Francisco: Br stmr Doric, for Yokohama.
B AUCKLAND— A rrrIved previous July 4 —
Stmr Alameda, from San Francisco.
•TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 4— Stmr Anchorla,
from Glasgow. Sailed— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse, for Bremen; stmr Aurania, for
LONlKiN— Arrived July 4— Stmr Mesaba,
from New York.
LlVEßUOol>— Arrived July 4— Stmr Cata
ltta, from Boston.
MOVlLljE— Arrived July 4— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York for Glasgow.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
evert dat in the tear pn.lmas
palace and pullman upholstered
toup.lst cars lea vis oakland mole
for chicago and the east. take
market-street ferky at i:3O p. m.
dining rooms are managed bt mr.
Fred harvey. and are perfect in
evert detaiu serving meals at
rechlar hours and reasonable
ra'tks.
no other line offers so mant in-
ducements as the santa fe route.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 15J1.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 111S Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
BAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara- etreet.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via taiuUUiiu Berry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, ISS9.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. ra.
E«tra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11 :» p. m.
BTJNDAT3, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43, 2:30
and 4 p. xn.
F»r». S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 4».
THOS. COOK A SON. Agts., 621 Market rt.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
HfIITTIIKRN P««mC VnitPAHT.
(PACIfIC swim.) •:>:■■ J; ■
Trains !«■»»»«• »nfl jut it tie lv »rHif a*
NAN t'KANCINCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From June 25, 1599. — akrit»
7HH) \. Benicia, Suiaun and Sacramento 3:43p
7:OOa Marysrilie Orotilleau;! Redding Tia
Woodland Si-I.ip
7iOOa Klmira. V.icaTille and Rumsey. 8:43p
7:;i«»a Martinez. .Sauit»u:ou,Vailejo. Napa,
(.alift^ga and Santa Uosa 8:l."»p
»:«»Oa Atlautio Express, «>g<len and Kast.. U: 13*
Mi:ioa Sau .lose. Lirermore, Stockton,
love .S3Cranifiit.>, Placerrille,
MarysTllli-. Cliieo. lied Itliitf «ilf»r
:io » *Miiton. OsAdaleand eionora 4:15p
8:30 a Yoscmite Valley via Oikdalo and
Chinese ' 4:15p
OiOOa Haywanis. NiluS aud Way Stations. 1 1:43 a
I 1>:<»Oa Martiutz, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
HeneusD I I'resno 12:13p
»■»•* Kresno, Cakc»lielil, Santa lUrltua,
Los Angeles. Demiug. El Voao.
(few ( t ■.. i and Kast 6»43r
I 0:OCa Vail- jo. Martin-z and Way Stations 7:43?
: 1 1 :OOa Haywsxds, i\ lies and Way Stations. 2543p
I2:OOm Niles, Liverwort', Stockton. .Sacra-
mi nto. Mcndota, Ilanford. Vig&lia.
rrrterrille 4:l!?p
•liOOp Sacramento !:!•. r S ten mem «>»:«<)p
3:OOp Hcy\Tard-<, Nil. s and Way Stations. 3:45 P
4: till p Marline:'. San Ramon, Vallejo,
N.l!' i. Uallstog*, Santa Itosa Oil 3*
4:OOi- Bcnicia. VacaTille, Kacramento,
Woodland, Knights landing,
Marysvillo. Orr .iilo 10-.4.1*
4>»Op Nlles, San, Ti.se and Stockton 7:15p
4 jlJOr Yosemlto Sleeping Car for Raymond l»:lop
s:oopThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. lUkers-
neld. Saogus for Santa Barbara.
Lea Angeles. 0:43
S:3op" Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:1.
si3Op Martinez, Tracy, Menxlota. Fresno.
Mcjuvt' and I.ms Angeles .li4."»a
StSOp Santa I.- lioute. Atlantio l-:x press
for Mojare ami Ka-i 6:45 p
lil«p Chloago-Sau Francisco Special.Ogden
and East Bi4sp
6:OOp Haywsrds, Niles and San Jose 7: 13 a
•«:OO i- Vallejo 12:13p
~:>>i>i» Oregon Kxpress,U«cntiiieot« l M»rj»-
vllle. Iteildlng. TortlaiKl, Tuget
Houmlnml Kaat 7.4 "V*
!>:OOp Vallejo, Port Costs and Way Sta-
= tions tlO:.-M>p
COAST DIVISION O'arroir <.'nn«e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for £anta
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS:O.IF
B:l3ANewark,CcnterTille,San Jose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, San ta Ortiz and Way
Stations 3«30r
•2:1 Op Newark, Centcrville, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Remitter Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:30*
4:1 San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:20 a
MilspFeltcn. HanU Cruz and Way Hta-
tions /O:'JQA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSiK mSCISCO— foot of Hirket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 '3:33 13:03
•1:00 15:00 •S:CO.'.M.
from OAIUSD— root «f Bro»dw»j.— '0:00 8:00 10:00*.m.
tl3:00 *l:03 tS:CO '3:C3 tt:SO •B.OQi.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iangp).
(Third and Townsei.-i St^.)
~ »6:1Oa Ocean View. South San Francisco.. *6:3<>p
•7:OOa Ran Jose anil W»y Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *8:O0a
{7(30a Sunday l ; icnr»lon for Santa Cruz,
I'aciflo Grovo and Principal Way
Stations t«!3*»
•iO*a Han .l-.i-e. Trrs Plnos, Rant* Cruz,
Paclllc <;r'.v,\ Paso Rubles, San
T.mlj Olilm>o, Surf, Lompcc and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
Ioi4Oa Pan Jobs mid Way Stations «:.13\
11i3Oa San Josa and Way Stations It'JOp
*Bi43pSan Mat?o, Redwood, Menlo Park.
PaTo Alto, Santa Ciara. Shu .lose,
Uollister, Bauta I'ruz. Salinas,
Monterey an.l Pacilio Grove *10:36&
•Si3»p BanJoee. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way St.it ions »7:3«p
•4tl3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 »
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *^:S5 \
»«3Op SanJosu aud Principal Way Stations *9:<M>a
«::«Op San Jose and WayrStations s:3<»p
fllt43p San Joge aud Way Stations t?;app
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
•Sunday eicepted. t Sunday only. ♦ Saturday Only,
l&tturday and Rnnriflii /Sunday and MonJajr
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE!
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. .
"WEEK DAYS— 7:SO, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; HBO, 3:30.
6:00, 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFABI* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:2!>, 11:10 a, m.; 12:45,
I:*0, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:86 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:49, 6:05,
«:»5 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. . \ April 18, 1
Week Sun- | 1»99. Sun- [ Week
Days. days, j Destination. days. Days.
T:3oam 8:00 am JCovato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pni| 9:30 am Petaluma, 9:03 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Koea. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:28 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geysen'llle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Qloverdale, T:SS pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am' Hopland and 1 10: 25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. T:B5 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:23 am
) 8:00 am Gnernevllle. i 7:33 pm
8:30 pm Brto pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
] ; and !
5:10 pm; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pra 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sebaetopol. |10:40 am. 10:23 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Bprlngs and 'White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for 9kagg3
' Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geyeers; at Hop-
; land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
1 Kelseyvlllt, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
! port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
■ Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
I Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
I Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvflle.
I Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
S Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
I Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Willltts,- Laytonvllle, Cum-
! mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olaen's. Dyer,
! Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market st., Chronicle bldr.
j H. c. WHITING. R. x. RYAN',
General Manager. Gen. Pats. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Conimencint April 2*. IaJS. _._.„■»
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKX
AND SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK I^ATS— 7:OO. »S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.»
'^krgk TRIP^-For^Mlif Val^V •md^Saa
RffaeT^n Mond-vj: or ednWday.. Saturdays
9 : 00 .^. 11^:^ 111 !!:^ li»
- m • I^oo *1:45. »2:SO. '4:00. Sin 6:45 p. m.
iHi'iiß. does not run to San Rafl Sundays,
"jo pi^ does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
iiiliiisi
WEEK DAysiß:*. •«:*<>. 7:55. 8:40. »10:»
a. m ■ I*-IO S:1ST?»:4O. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
Vytrj TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
4*Wsris' : -f. tf d ££ v ™. mm
«_ 6 m?; 1-00. 2:20: -8:10. ' *:IS. '6:00. 7:08. 10:14
i l^:3 5 D^5 S 5 45 V.^ s p°; m 7:5 5' 8:55 ' 10: »
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
! SUNDAYS- 8:00. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:0 a,
' l-N I'lO 3:56. 6:»0, 6:»i. 10:20 p. m.
I.W. «•*»• THROUGH THAINS.
■ 7-00 a. iii. week Cazadero and way «ta'nt»
• •20 p. n 1 - — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
s'lß p. ">- week days (Saturdays excepted>— •
: " Point Reyes and way stations.
i g-00 a. m. Sundays— and way ita'na,
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Keves and way sta'ns.
_ ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
1 From Jan. 2S. 1599. trains will run as followM
South-bound. ' j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
I ger. : Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
I Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd i Dally.
: 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton ( 3:45 pm 8:00 pm
9:10 am; 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 5:35 pmj Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:13 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm,
: 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am,
! 11:59 am ' 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
f 12:15 pm| 6 ,'.3 i m Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pra
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of 6tage and other connections)
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, 6an Francisco.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fi2oKEABSVST EstabllsnwJ
in 1»54f0r the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
d isease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try.blia,- Charges low.
CarnEuaranlrfd. Callorwrita,
»r. J. 1". WIBBON, Box i'J57, Fraaciaoa
910
MAIL STEAMER
COPTIC IS STILL
IN THE STREAM
Many Passengers and
Much Cargo.
TROUBLES OF PIER PETERSON
SECURES A LICENSE AFTER
MUCH TRIBULATION.
„
Canadian Pacific Company's Steamar j
Tartar Chartered for a Trans
port by the United
States.
__«
The Ocldental and Oriental Steamship .
Company's steamer Coptic, which arrived J
from the Orient last Monday night, is ;
still in the stream. There is no room for
her at the Mail Dock, nor will there be
until the Rio de Janeiro sails for China!
to-morrow. The quarantining erf the Nip- j
pon Maru has upset all the arrangements j
of the Pacific Mail and O. and O. people,
and it will be a week or so before the
Mail Dock is back to a normal state of |
affairs To make matters worse and till j
further delay the Nippon Maru no work j
could be dona on that vessel yesterday, |
The Collector of the Port positively re- ,
fused a permit to work the ship, so no
cargo could be discharged. It Is now ,
doubtful a? to whether she will get away ;
on Saturday or not.
Th« Coptic brought over ?5 cabin, 22 sec- j
ond cabin. 30 Japanese and 364 Chinese j
steer-.. passengers. Among those in the j
cabin were Mrs. J. M. Shotwell, widow of ;
the late Captain Shotwell. who hag been i
making a pleasure trip through the
Orient; Alex Rutherford, stepson Oi j
George Crocker, who has been on a pleas- :
ure- trip and the owing army and navy
officers "i doctors and clergymen: Colonel |
F W \nies, i: S. V., Lieutenant Richard ;
Eltz. utenant H. E. Parmenter, U. S. ;
N. and Lieutenant Ralph Zurn; Rev. \\ .
J. Callahani wife and two children; Rev.
George <". Cobb.. wife and child; Rev. J. ,
T. Gulick wife and daughter; Rev. R. j
Mateer. wife and child; Rev. C. P. Pit- ;
blado and Rev. F. C B< rgstrom, wife and ;
two children; Dr. J. H. Raymond, Dr. A.
L Warner and Dr. M. Leise.
\lr« A  Nichols; widow of the late
Captain H. B. Nichols of the monitor
Monterey; was also a passenger.
All the Coptic cabin and second-class .
passengers were land* d in the tug Mill* i
Griffith yesterday morning. The steerage j
pasengers were placed in quarantine and :
will remain there until all have been i
fumigated.
captain Pier Peterson has had a strange |
experience with the men set over the li- i
censing of masters and pilots. He was ;
granted a certificate as mate of a earner ,
by tho local inspectors and rejected by the
examining doctor. Then the men who 11
--censed' him as a mate refused him a cer
tilicato as master and were upheld by the |
Supervising inspector, but all were re- j
versed by the Supervising Inspector Gen- j
eral, who lias granted him his certificate j
as master.
Peterson was for a long time mate of
the sugar packet C. D. Bryant and later i
of the Levi G. Burgess. He had a posi- j
tion as mate of a coasting steamer offered !
him, and in order to qualify had to cure I
a license. He wont before United States !
Inspectors or Hulls and Boilers Bolles and ■
Bulger and passed the necessary exanuna- ;
tion. When he went before the Marina i
Hospital doctor, however, that gentleman !
turned him down for color blindness.
So far so good. Peterson went mate of ;
a steamer, and a month ago was seised :
with a desire to get a master's papers. '
CAUGHT IIN /\ STORM OFF CAPE HORN.
THE American ship Cyrus "Wakefleld, now on her way hero from New York, has been particularly unfortunate
this voyage. Heavy weather was encountered off the Horn, and In consequence the vessel was damaged and had
to put into Port Stanley. Captain Henry died and was burled while the vessel was In the Falkland Islands. Cap
tain Chapman of the American ship John R. Kelley, that was wrecked In Port Stanley. Is bringing the Cyrus
Wakefleld to San Francisco.
About two years ago the Cyrus "Wakefleld waa caught In a heavy storm off the cap« and was badly strained. On
her arrival here she had to undergo extensive repairs. At that time. Captain Henry furnished Mr. Coulter with a de
scription of the vessel as Bhe appeared In a Cape Horn atorm.
. . ~ -_ _- ........ -* ._ ~* ... m ■ v »,» »« mf\ ms\ *yi a^ am mt\ am m > am m M *O «^1 av-i ••-,•.-.•*•. mr> uf •" »^ •.*] mZ *4 •*> mn M) SO an ma mn mr\
He went before the- Inspectors again and
passed the examination, but again failed
in the color te-st. On this occasion Messrs.
Bolles and Buiger would not test hirf pig-iit
by means of the lights, on the ground that
a* ruling of the Supervising Inspector
General forbade it. I'r-terßon was ac
cordinjrly refused a master's certificate.
He appealed the case, to Supervising In
spector Birmingham and that gentleman
upheld the local Inspectors. Then Peter
son appealed to Supervising Gen- ral
Damont. at th« same time laying all the
facts of the case before him. Damont :
carefully considered the appeal, and a
few days ago notified Supervising In
spector Bermingham that Peterson was
entitled to his master's papers.
The Canadian Pacific Steamship C om
pany'B steamer Tartar leaves Vancouver,
B C. for Nanaimo to-night en route for
flan Francisco. She has be^n chartered
by the United States Government and will
carry troops and provisions from litre to :
Mania. The Tartar ia a large steamer of
4245 t-'ns" carrying capacity and was built ,
in 1883 for the Southampton-Cape of Uood
Hope trade She has accomodations for ;
3500 troops, but will only take a regiment
on her first trip from here. After coaling
at Nanaimo she should come to S:in
Francisco in thre* days. In tliat event
she will get away for .Manila about the j
B Capta"ii'i Sealby of the Coptic will not go j
back on the Hongkong run. He is going !
to Ensrland to take command of an At- i
lantic liner. Captain Rlnder, l£te of the
Oaellc, will go out as master of the !
Coptic.
The Nippon Maru's passengers will not
be released from Quarantine until this
day tveek. The crew, however, will be put
aboard the vessel when she sails next
Saturday.
Th coast survey steamer Gedney sailed
for Alaakar. waters yesterday. Captain
Dlckins went out in command. Captain
Westdahl taking bis dace on th 3 j
McArthup. '
MAISON`S DEATH
IS SHROUDED IN
DEEP MYSTERY
Alcoholism Given as a
Primary Cause.
WAS WOUNDED FEW DAYS AGO
STRUCK BY A BICYCLE, IT IS
CLAIMED.
It Is Known That He Was Cut by a
Knife, but His Relatives De
cline to Discuss the-
Matter.
I
The death of Henry A. Malson, which
occurred at the Pacific Hospital on Mon
day, is shrouded in mystery, but the pre- j
vailing opinion Is that it was due to al- j
coholism.
He was 21 years of ago and the son of
the late Henry A. Maison. a well-known
liquor merchant. He had been employed ,
in the store of his uncle. B. H. L-ucke, the
shoe merchant, on Market street, but lost i
his position recently owing to his intemp
erate habits.
Saturday morning last he was taken to
the Receiving Hospital from Beale and
Mission streets by a stranger, and it was
found that there was a deep incised
wound on his right leg near the hip and
bruises or his head. He was under the !
influence of liquor, and all the explana
tion he would give as to how he received ;
the wound was that while In Oakland he
had been struck by a bicycle. While his!
wound was being stitched and dressed the i
police were notified; and Detective Harry |
Reynolds was sent to interview him. His
answer to his questions was the same —
that he had 1 en struck by a bicycle, al
though the doctors thought it looked more ,
iik<» a knife wound. . .•-■..'
His relatives were notified and they had ;
him removed to the Pacific Hospital,
where he was attended by Drs. Hess and ;
Evans. He was unconscious most of the '
time until he died, about noon Monday.
When he became conscious for a few min
utes he spoke about being struck by a hi- <
cycle, Dr. Hess wv alc.o^oifp^r 1 ■ (C ***■
primary cause of death, and acute neph
ritis, or inhammatiou vi vie «irOiiicyj>; a.a
a contributory cause He expressed the
opinion that the injuries might have i
caused death, but was satisfied that alco- \
holism was the real cause. The remains <.
■.>■■• removed to the family residence at |
117 Beulah street.
It Is suspected that young Maison was i
cut with a knife instead of being struck
by a bicycle, but as the relatives re
fuse to take any action in the matter ;
nothing will likely be done to clear up the i
mystery. , .
RIEHI/S LIVE-SAVING KITES.
The Doctor Tests Them in a Long
Swim From San Francisco to
Oakland.
T>r. Fred Rl^hl. aided by his life saving
kitep, started from Harrison street wharf j
on a long swim to Oakland yesterday
afternoon. There was a T>is crowd down
to c f .(. th^ doctor off and th*-ir patience
was tried somewhat, as it took nearly an
i fly the kites. As It was. the doc
id to start with two only to as- I
lim, as the other two could not be
raised.
There was a strong westerly breeze
blowing along the front, but out in the
• i ame more from the southwest and
unce Dr. Riehl had to land on
Goat Inland. When he found that he 1
could not raise the third and fourth kite, \
the doctor went aboard the American ship !
Kenilworth and put on a bathing suit.
Then he did his clothing up In an oilskin
bag and fastening that around hiH shoul- ■
ders Jumped Into the water. T,he bag I
served as a kind of life buoy, and when !
the kites began to pull they moved the j
doctor through the water at a lively rate. j
Dr. Rlehl asserts that the kites and j
oilskin bag as constructed by him would I
be valuable aids to saving lire in case of j
shipwreck. Ho reasons that in every case j
almost of a ship going ashore the wind
is toward the land. A human being there
fore who was made fast to one of these
kites would be naturally carried ashore, j
while in the oilskin bag would be a por- ;
tion of his effects.
When about half a mile, from the- Oak
land shore Dr. Rlehl was attacked with
cramps and -would have drowned had it
not been for his kites, which kept him
afloat and sustained him, until he. recov
ered.
—• » ■
v To Be Installed.
The officers of Buena Vista Parlor No.
S9, Native Daughters of the Golden West,
will be installed in their hnll in the Na
tive Sons building to-morrow night.
The officers of Mazzin! Circle No. 106,
Companions of the Forest, Ancient Order
of Foresters,, are to be publicly installed
in Washington-square Hal! at Stockton
and Union streets, on next Monday night.
On the night of next Tuesday Pioneer
Lodge of the Friends of the Forest will !
Install its officers in Foresters' building,
after which there will be a banquet.
. ♦ .
Sherwooders to Dance.
Sherwood Circle No. 129 of the Compan
ions of the Forest. Ancient Order of For
esters, have arranged for a social in For
esters' building to-morrow night. A pro
gramme of modern dances •will be offered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
REVOLUTION NOW
IN SANTO DOMINGO
Tfye Followers of Jiminez Said to
Have Rjser) and Par>ic Pre
vails at Monte Cristi.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York. Herald. Copyrighted, 1899.
by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HATTEX, July 4.- -Panic prevails at Monte Crist!, Panto Do
mingo, owing to an unexpected rising of the followers of Jiminez.
Many refugees reached here to-day. Governor Richards has Issued a
proclamation exhorting the populace to remain quiet, and assuring them of
his ability to suppress any movement. It is reported that he has ordered the
ehip-J in the harbor to withdraw, with a view to an attack in case Jimlnez
attempts to land.
ARE JOURNEYING
TO LOS AHGELES
Thousands of Excur
sionists on the Road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 4.-The travelers
toward Ix» Angeles will, after to-day be
count»d by the thousands. The small
advance parties that so far have arrived
are composed of teacher who were en
abled to leave their homes and work with
out inconvenience.
Advices to-day received are to the ef
fect that Sunday last excursion parties
of teachers from New York, Philadelphia.
Washington and other Eastern points
reached Chicago and that they left the
Windy City for the West on the same
"'f he largest party that landed In Chi
cago -sras under the supervision of Pro
fessor Gillespie of New York and in
cluded teachers from New lork and New
Jersov. The Skidmore party, guided bj
rrof-ssor Sidney T. Skfdmore of Phila
delphia Normal School, numbered &ev
enty-five and this was later joined by
twenty-five teachers from Washington D.
l\, Lmler the care of Superintendent Pow
ell and again later by a fresh party of
New Yorkers numbering 100. A special
train was made up for these delegates and
combined they left for Denver and thence
over the Santa Fe for I,os Angeles. rhls
party will arrive on next Monday.
It is given out at Santa Fe headquarters
that twenty trains will unload themselves
In Los Angeles from Sunday at midnight
untif Monday night at 8:30. This influx of
humanity will be exclusive of the pas
senger list that is booked over the South
ern Pacific. The Chicago teachers have.
not yet (started on their pilgrimage to tne
West although many of the prominent
educators have started. The rank and
file will leave Chicago to-morrow and on
Friday. These parties will arrive on Mon
day and Tuesday next.
BOTJXDER, CREEK AWAKENS.
Visitors From All Quarters Fill the
Mountain Town.
PANTA CRUZ, July 4.— The little moun
tain town of Boulder Creek celebrated
Independence day !n grand style. The
men from the. mills and the many camp
ers from the woods changed this small
town to a good siaed city for the day.
At half past 4 in the morning an early
salute was fired. At 9 o'clock there was
a grand patriotic parade, with Hon. S. H.
Rambo as grand marshal, and Lieutenant
E. A. Middleton as chief of staff. The
order of the parade was as follows:
Ben Lomond brass band; G. A. R. as
escort to national float; float, Columbia
and fifty States and Territories repre
sented by as many school girls; carriage
containing president of the day, orator
and chaplain; Boulder Creek hose com
pany No. i; Boulder Creek Baseball
team; Felton Baseball team; Boys'
Brigade; Girls' Drill Corps; Boys'
Brigade of Oakland; wheelmen; Degree
of Honor, A. O. U. W.; Ancient Order
United Workmen; Independent Order of
Foresters; Pacific Lodge, Independent Or
der of Good Templars; business men's
floats, and citizens in decorated carriages.
The Horribles brought up the rear.
The literary exeroises were held in
Bumblecoms Grove and were as follows:
Selection, Ben I^omond band; chorus
"Battle Hymn of the Republic": invoca
tion, Rev. G. R. Stanley; eolo and chorus
"The Star Spangled Banner"; opening re
marks, announcements, etc., by president
of the day; chorus, "Unfurl the Flag";
reading. Declaration of Independence,
Professor F. L. Huff; solo and chorus,
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean"; flag
drill by school girls; chorus, "There's
Only One Flag"; oration, by Hon. C. M.
Cassin of Santa Cruz; chorus, "America,"
and selection by band.
At noon there was a grand old-fashioned
basket picnic. The afternoon was spent
in races. A 100-yard dash; 50-yard dash
for boys; 50-yard dash for girls; 220-yard
run. free for all; 50-yard fat man's race;
50-yard pack race; 50-yard dash for boys
under 12 years of age: 100-yard dash for
boys under 15; 440-yard run, free for all;
50-yard dash for girls under 12; potato
race, free for all. The races were fol
lowed by a baseball game between the
Felton Woodpeckers and the Boulder
Creek team.
In the evening: there was a grand dis
play of fireworks.
HAWAII HAS A
BAR ASSOCIATION
A Temporary Organiza
tion Effected.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, June 27.— -For some years
past fruitless attempts have been
made to organize a bar association for
the Hawaiian Islands, but on Saturday
last a temporary organization was ef
fected with Judge J. M. Davidson aa
chairman and Mr. Case as secretary, and
permanent organization will follow this
week.
About one-fourth of thd bar were pres
ent, but they were principally gentlemen
who have but recently arrived, very few
being of ten years' Ftnnding at the bar.
It is generally accepted, however, that
the entire bar is In sympathy with the
movement.
An unexpected incident was the intro
duction of a voluminous preamble and
resolution by George D. Gear of the Cali
fornium bar, petitioning- Congress on the
part of the Hawaiian bar against the pro
vision of the Commissioners' bijl in Con
• - for the future government of Ha
waii, providing for the retention in office
of the Justices of the Supreme Court ami
the Judges of the> Circuit Court for prac
tically a iife tenure. After a hot debate
the matter was postponed until the next
meeting. The recent opinions of the Su
!>:• me Court hoi. liner that the constitution
of the L'nlted States Is not operative in
Hawaii is at the bottom of the movement,
which la supported by local journals de
nouncing the bench as treasonable and
traitorous.
George D. Gear brought up the sub
ject of petitioning the President of the
I'nited States to strike out certain pro
visions in the Hawaiian enabling act re
lating to the local judiciary, and offered
the following resolutions:
Whereas, Tin* commission appointed by the
President of the United States to recommend
■ 'lKress legislation concerning the Ha
waiian Inlands, under the provisions of the
Joint resolution of rnnKrcps, approved July 7.
IS \ ln their report contained in Benate <ii u
of the Fifty-fifth Congress at the
third session ther^if, have recommended that
II laws in Section lit.', Chapter 81, shall
as follows:
Supreme Court rhall consist of a
istice and two Assoi late .Justices, pro
however, that the existing Justices of
.-.Tome < 'ourt. shall exercise their func
tions as Justices o-f the Supreme Court
•.s .if this chapter according to
their constitutional t^nurp of office." And in
the bill Introduced In the Senate of the United
States by Air. i.'ullom, in the Fifty-fifth Con
gress at the thiid session thereof, heintr Ben
ate Mil 4^93, reported with amendment Decem
ber 21, I^OS, neine entitled "A bill to provide n
gnvprnment for the Territory of Hawaii," It Is
provided In Section 81 thereof, relating to the
ar !> 'Intment, removal, tenure and salaries of
officers, that, among other thing*. "All persons
holding office in the Hawaiian Islands at th»
time this act takes effect shall, except as
herein otherwise provided, continue to hold
their respective offices until such offices be
come vacant, but not beyond the end of the
first session cf the Senate, unless reappointed
as herein provided, except the Chief Justice and
Associate Justices of the Stiprome Court ar}*
the Judges of th» Circuit Courts, who shall con
tinue In ofl cc until their respective offices be
come vacant," and.
Whereas, In the bill Introduced In the House
of Representatives by Mr. Hltt, In the Fifty
fifth Congress at the third session thereof, being
House bill No. 10,930, reported with amendments
January 23. 1899, being- entitled "A bill to pro
vide a government for the Territory of Ha
waii," a similar provision Is contained as In
Senate bill 4893.
Resolved, That we, the Bar Association of the
Hawaiian Islands, deprecate any proposed
jurisdiction in the action of Congress discrimi
nating in favor of the present Judicial officers
as against all the other officers of the Govern
ment bo as to continue all the present incum
bents of the Supreme Court in office for life,
and to continue all the present Judges of the
Circuit Court in office during their term of
office irrespective of any new appointment such
as Is required In the case of all other offices
of the Hawaiian Ciovernment, and
Resolved. That we request the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America In Congress assembled to strike out
from the proposed biUs the parts thereof con
tinuing such present Judges In office, and that
tho Judges be not accepted from the operation
of the law applicable to the uppolntment of all
other officers.
George A. Davis. F. W. Hankey, Georpe
Gear, A. S. Humphreys and others sp-oke
In favor of the resolutions. E. P. Dole
and A. B. McClanaban favored a more
representative meetlnp. The matter was
Important and should be discussed and
noted upon by the whole bar. Mr. Hum
phreys was willing to carry the matter
over. On motion It was deferred to an
other conference to be held Wednesday
afternoon.
Mr. dear guve> notice of his intention to
Introduce a resolution requesting: Presi
dent McKlnley to secure from the Attor
ney General a ruling on recent decisions
of the Hawaiian Supreme Court declaring
certain amendments to the constitution
of the United States Inoperative here.
SYNDICATE BUYING ALL
THE CATTLE IN TEXAS
Options Secured on Over Four Thou
sand Head in the Past
Four Days.
AUSTIN, July *.— The jrlganttc cattle
syndicate that proposes to bay up all
the cattle In Texas has closed options on
over four thousand head of range stock
within the past four days. The prices
of range cattle have advanced slightly on
account of the operations of the syndt-
cate.
In addition to the large deals already
made in the Panhandle country the syndi
cate has secured options on some of the
moet extensive ranches and several thou
sand head of cattle in west and south
west Tfexas. An agont of the syndicate is
also said to be operating in Mexico and
Arizona.
GOOD FRUIT YIELD.
Bartlett Pears Are Plentiful and.
Bring Good Prices at Suisun.
SUISUN, July 4.— The yield of Bartlett
pears in Suisun Valley this year is the
largest in many years, and growers are
reaping a harvest in consequence of the
prevailing prices.
R. D. Robbins, the largest owner of or
chard land in Solano County, has entered
into contract to deliver to the Earl Fruit
Company 40,000 boxes of Bartlett pears,
the price being withheld. Although the
exact figure was not given It has been
authentically intimated that it is either Jl
a box or within a very few cents of this
amount. In fulfilling this contract Mr.
Robbins will not have to make up the
quantity from orchards not his own. Near
ly all the pears in the valley owned by
other growers have been sold to the AHen
Anderson Fruit Company and the Earl
Company at prices ranging from 75 cents
to 90 cents per box. Apricots also have
been a source of profit to growers, netting
65 cents per crate of twenty-two pounds
each. Unpacked cots averaged $40 per ton
to canners.
Big Blaze in Sonoma.
SONOMA. July 4.— A flre started in the
heart of the business center of the town
at about 9 o'clock last night. The fire
originated In the rear of C. Agulllon's large
winery and residence. In ten minutes the
flre had gained such headway that it was
feared the entire block would go. Three
barns Just filled with hay became ignited.
Flying sparks and cinders set many small
er fires going, and the firemen had their
hands full, but with a small force of water
to fight the conflagration. For a while
Aguillon's distillery was endangered.
Everything in the barns was totally de
stroyed. Three hay and wood storage de
partments were consumed and the build
ings burned to the ground. C. Agulllon.
L. Ferrer and J. Van Every are heavy
losers. The origin of the flre is unknown,
but as the roof was first seen in flames
a skyrocket 1b supposed to have been the
cause.
EDITORS IN PORTLAND.
Delegates to the Convention Arrivod
Last Night.
PORTLAND. July 4.— A special train of
thirteen sleepers arrived over the Oregon
Railway and Navigation at 9:15 to-night,
bringing 450 delegates to the fourteenth
annual convention of the National Edi
torial Association, which will meet in this
city to-morrow. To-night's arrivals were
from the far East, the middle West and
the South. During the (Jay delegations
arrived over the Northern Pacific and ths
Southern Pacific, and to-night there are
about 7. r )0 delegates in the city.
The convention will meet to-morrow at
10 o'clock and continue for three days.
Santa Barbara's Game Laws.
SANTA BARBARA, July 4.— The Santa
Barbara Board of Supervisors yesterday
made important changes in the county
game laws. The open season for quail
was ma ile from November to March, for
doves August 15 to February 15. for craw
fish from August 15 to April 1, shortening
the closed season one month. The taking
of abalnr.es is forbidden at all times and
clams must bo left alone for three years.
There will be no open season on pheas
ants, grouse and wild turkeys.
Buys the Livennore Herald.
WOODLAND, July 4.— From a private
letter It Is learned that A. L. Henry, for
merly editor and proprietor of tha Dlxon
Tribune an<l late secretary of the State
Bureau of Highway Commission, has pur
chased the Jylv*»rmore Herald and will
soon re-enter the field of journalism.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William Moegling try Babetta Moegllng (wife
of W », lot on S line of Jackson street, 92:3 E
of Maple, E 75. S 128:7%. W 23:3%, N 8:8 Vi, W
N 119:1; gift.
Herman Savings and Loan Society to Sarah
A. Waters (wife of W. I>.>. lot 24, block 1,
Marian Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Mary Hatch to William Nicol. lot on S Una
wentieth htreet, 66 E of Church, E 25 by
S 114; also lots 59 and 60. block C. Park I^ane
Tract; (10.
Margaret Casey to F. Joseph Speck, lot on
N T line of Twent> -third street. 40:6 E of San
ches, E 25 by N 90; $10.
Lucy ii "tis (widow) to James Otis, undi
vided 1-27 of lot on XW corner of Greenwich
and Panpome streets, W 01 :S by N -is:?; $10.
IIH'-n or Ellen Easton to Cambrian Mutual
Ai.i Association, lot on SE line of Mission
street. 275 SW of Seventh. S\V 50 by SE 85. the
intention being; to parti. -ularly convey the E
4 inches of ground occupied by Cambrian Hall
building, quitclaim deed; $150.
Cumbrian Mutual Aid Society of San Fran
cisco (a corporation) to K. R. B. Hall Associa
tion ia corporation), lot on SE line ot Mls-
Blon street. 247:S SW of Seventh, SW 50:4 by SE
85 and personal property thereon and therein;
$22,500.
Alameda County.
Edward P. and Annie Peterson to Hyacinth
Gil, lot on N line of W>st Fourteenth street.
53. 25 E of Center etreet, E 2f. by N 110. being
lot 4, block 582, map of Baseball Grounds. Four
teenth and < "enter streets. Oakland; JlO.
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary, wife
hard Langtry. lot 33, block 476, Brlggs
tract, i lakland; $200.
Charles F. Avery to Ellen X., wife of Cor
nelius Jones. lots 53 and 54. Peralta avenue
tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Clark Avery to same, same, quitclaim deed.
Brooklyn Township; $1.
Martha A. and Walter Renwlck to Eli7abrfh
M. Parker, lot SW corner of Central avenue an i
Fountain street, \V 117:6% by S UO 7 : s , Alame
da; $10.
C. W. and Alice L. C. Tyler to Frederick
Bammunn, lot S line of Railroad avenue, 4^ W
or Walnut st, W 42 by P 207-6, Alameda, $10.
C. W. and Abbid I-. C. Tyler to Jennie 1..,
wife of J.hn Folsom, lot S line of Railroad
av< : ue, '-■ ' W "f Walnut street, W 50 by S 2"7:>:,
Alameda. $10.
F. and A. C. Bammann.to same, same, Ala
meda; Jio.
John Kinery to Bridget E. Kinery, lots 5 to
10, block 40. Oakland: gift.
P. J. OConnell to Ann M. Doyle, lot on SW
corner of Grove and X'jnth streets, S 33:4 by
W 85, being I it 15 and portion of lots 15 and 16,
block 93. Oakland: JlO.
Ann Is". Snyder to L*wls C. Snyder, lot on X
corner of East Ninth street and Fourth
avenue NW : : t by XE 100, block 7. Clinton,
to correct 533 d. 316." East Oakland; $10.
Lewis C. and I-izzie J. Snyder to Mary
Stensland 'wife of Charles), same; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to John A.
Thornton lot on S corner of Jones street and
I'eralta avenue. RW CO by SE 126, being l"t 9
and NX 5 feet of lot 8, Galindo Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
V. R. and J. A. Parker to Asnes Black, lot
on W line of Second street. 150 N of Jones
avenue N V«") by W 100, block J, Andrew Jones
subdivision, Brooklyn Township; also lot on
W line of Second street, 470 N of Jones avenue,
X 40 by W so, block J, Andrew Jones Sub
division. Brooklyn Township; also lot on E line
of Third street. 470 X" of Jones avenue, N 40 by
B 100 block J, Andrew Jones Subdivision,
quitrlalm df-e.l, Brooklyn Township; $10.
W F. and Johanna Schulte to J. H. Young,
lot on X line of Halght avenue. 211 E from line
dividing the Chtpman W 111-acre Tract and
Auphlnbaugh 223-acre Tract, E 45:3 by N 120,
portion of Aughinbaugh 223-acre Tract, Ala
meda; $10. , _ .
George Shmttt and Sarah R. and Joshua l>.
Isaacs (by W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to
Ed F. X'ehaus, all Interest In lot .on N W cor
ner of Sixth street and Channlng way, W 91 by
X 10" being lots IE and 16, block 128, Raymond
Tract. Berkeley, $1247.
Fdward F. and Matilda Xlehaus to TV. F.
Helmkamp. all of same, Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. and Emily C. Perry to L J.
I Grant lot 1. Tumbull Tract, being a subdi
f vided portion of lot 7. Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Man- L, Sullivan (wife of Cornelius), Eliza
beth A Flvnn (wife of P. J.) and Hannah M.
McCarthy to Jamea R. McCarthy, all interest
fn estate of Mary McCarthy, deed probate No.
Kverett T. and May B. Whlttemore and C.
W "Woodworth to Leanora S. Woodworth. lot
onN line of Lincoln street. 40:6 W of Shattuck
avenue W 40 by X 136, Berkeley; $5.
John'w and Elizabeth K. Roberts to Ala
meda Savings Pnnk. lot on E line ot Weber
street 425 S of Central avenue, S 60 by E 100,
belne' lot 129 Enclnal Park Tract. Alameda:
$741 Note- this deed is assigned absolutely
forever and not as a mort^a^e.
Stephen and Annie Watts to William and
Henrietta M Krafft, lot on X line of Delger or
Twentieth street. 149:0' a E of San Pablo ave
nue E 30 by N 114. Oakland; $2100.
Laura Carter to Maretta A. Carter, undivided
one-half interest In lot on E line of Myrtle
street 1239 B of Twelfth street or Central ave
nue, S'33 by E 123, block 665, Oakland, subject
to a mortg;ajre; $10. —___«.
Johanna, Rudolph F.. Julius A.. Clara E.
Crist Mary WHRIe and Frede-ick O. Crist (by
Julius A Crist, attorney) to City of Oakland.
lot 464-K on map of lands to be taken for the
opening of Commerce (street from East Twelfth
to East Twenty-second street, also lands to be
assessed for said Improvement, East Oakland;
S P Merwln and E. M. Carly to Charles N.
Crt'ttenton. lots S2l to 324, block W, Beulah
Park property. East Oakland: $100.
Thomaß H. Doane to Edith Crowell, lot on
8E corner of Todd and Occidental or Calais
street S 135 by E 50. being lot 1. block J. Para
dise Park, Berkeley; $10.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Phillip
H Blake Jr., lot 20 in subdivision C, Fruttvale
Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July Silver. 2T 11-16 d; French
rentes, ' lOlf se; wheat cargoes oft coast, more
lnqulrf-: cargoes on passage, neglected; car
goes, Walla Walla, 28b 7%d.
LIVERPOOL, July 4.— Weather In England,
cloudy and dry. „ . _
WHEAT — firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter stocks exhausted; No. 1 red Northern Du
luth. 6s lVfcd. , , . . ..
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed old, 3s
E%d.
Receipts of wheat durlnir the past three days,
221. COO cental. Including 247.000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 40.600 centals. Weather cloudy and
■ dry. — m- . .
LONDON WOOL, PALES.
LONDON', July 4.— WOOL— There was a full
attendance of buyers at to-day's auction sales
and the demand was strong. Lanare catalogues
of fine orosshredf?, merinos and continental
greasers were offered freely. The number of
bales offered aggregated 14.673 bales. Including
many good lines of Queensland and >'cir Zea
land greasy merinos, which sold animatedly at
10 per cent advance. There was a hardening
tendency for medium sroureds, which were un
der a strong continental demand. Fine cross
bred s were difficult to purchase.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 4.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 49 houra from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Weeott. Burtls, 24 hours from Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA—SaIIed July 4— Br shlji Dalgonar,
for Queenstown; stmrs City of Seattle and
Orizaba, for Alaska.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 4— Stmr Columbia,
henr» July 2.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived July 2— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
HOTEL ARBIVAXS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G P Moore, Omaha F A Vanderllp. D C
C V Dolrh, Portland C V Rich. D C
A J MeClellan, Portld C Gruner. Hamburg
E B Fletcher. Spokane A Roosen, Hamburg
A B Leckenby. Portld F C Wuien. Amsterdam
C L t^hear, D C \ <iiesel. Hamburg
J C Truax. Boston H W Aldis. N }
J E Howen & w, Pecos A Vernon. London
J Watts, New Haven .X Elte, Berlin
A Miller, Kansas City R Zurn. Berlin
A Stelner Stockton F S Dearden, Iy>nflon
R Van Brant, Leland M:?s T. Klampe Minn
A E Bond. Walla Wall Miss J E Glnn. St Paul
M Sohr Texas H Halsrop. Hamburg
J A Brent. Plymouth C H Atley, Boston
E O Cross, Cleveland Mr & Mrs Mcl^eod,
F S Fish & w, Ind Shanghai
A C Cass, Londan J Garwood, Stockton
A C Caes & w, London W H Brevnort, N V
C Cheese, London H W Rowland. Liverpl
J N Boyrt. N V A Finn. Liverpool
C V Ladds, Hongkong
GRAND HOTEL.
W B Sargrnt. N V Miss M Rlaokstock Ca
L W Carson. Wash Miss Blackstock. <al
A C Back _ - Texas H H Mclntyre, Cal
T Nay, Pittsburg H Brown & w Mich
G M Ponk. Stockton C W Bexton, Ls Aiig
J W Dunlapp, Cal A Lillemrantz. Oaklnrf
G TurrHl. Cal M A Barber. < "al
J S wiinon ft w, Oakld <: W Whltehead, D C
J Wilson Stockton I> C EwlneT. I'ittsburg
G VV Huron, Sta Rosa R R f'ochran. N T
W Steppers, Reddlnc C M Bell, Salt Lake
E R Reed & w. < - al 3 M Huston, Phila
E II Kf>r.ny Vallejo <; L Cobb, 'Jii'M upville
F r^lky. Novato W H Pimond, Bi Bti n
I W Boa-it. St.»-kt->n W !•: Oog— well, Bacto
C W Ayors. Sonora T R Woqdworth. Ma— l
W F Lucas, Honolulu W Robinson & w. Cal
E Crockett & w, Ind J Rmtee & w, I'kiah
Mrs A B Miller. Ind W D Young & w. Cal
W Blackstock, Cal W Pir.r. Oakland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O O Roles. Mai-j-svllle jJ Joseph. Benlcla
Miss Shorp. Petaluma IS Banister. Sacto
J. Clancey, Fresno M Marmion, Stockton
X B Crawford. N V C I- Jndson, Gilroy
R Lowe, San Jose F Howell, Los Ang
F D Hoadley, Stocktn D Dowling, Callstoga
J R Wlllard, Is-> 3 Ang E DPllamaria. R^no
H Williams, Chlco E L Mulhern. Cklah
P J Mocre, Wash , E Johnson. Stockton
J E Dunsrath, r>^nv*>r W .1 Mullander, Cal
J Wood & w, Omaha F. N'plF.in. San Jose
E A Brown, Michigan G S Bouldin, Modesto
A S I^ewls, Portland J C Hayes. Clifton
.1 Lewis, Portland J A Smith, Los Ang
Mrs B McDonald, Ore W Wackerle, Los Ang
D B Jeffers, Denver Miss P Latle, Los Ang
E Smith, Sulpun C Norman. Pueblo
A Brlguero, Benlcia Miss Griffiths, Boston
J Enos. Benlcla
SAN FRANCISCO CALL,.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, crnrr of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treet,
corner <~lay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2i7 Hayes «tr<*et; open until 9:30 o'clock.
63fi McAllister street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
]<v, F.l«-venth street; open until 9 o'clock.
2528 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest rorner of Twenty-second and Ken
tin-ky strpets; m; •■•i until '.' o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting ; and D. 3 THIS _J\_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, July 5. XJ\
at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. M. f^w i
H." FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. «
M.— Stated meeting THIS iWEI'NES-
PAY) EVENING, July 5, at TiJOTHT
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec. 'V'
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— You will 4
assemble at your new hall, 1133 Mis- &A.
Bion St.. between Seventh and Eighth, m^f^S
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. I *^
July 5, at R o'clock. Important business will
be transacted. THE PRESIDENT.
THE quarterly meeting of Ser- *,
vian-Montenegrin L. and B. So- jVy^ft
clety will be held THIS (WED- _._/ r *M f _
NESPAY) EVENING. July 5. PS&=vsß
1899. at S o'clock, at 10 Calif or- tfJKHfjHm
nla st. All officers and members >^'PpH : yUI
are earnestly requested to attend. P'ShKHTix]
Fine for non-attendance will be V^.^jJJgfL:/
strictly enforced. By order of WZIj&W
M. K. TASOVA3, President. "—£=--'
SPIRO VUCOSAVLJEVICH.
Secretary.
PIONEERS — Members of rffSSSPi frAHtL—
qupstfii to attend the
MELLUS, in the parlor "*
of the society, TO-DAY (Wednesday), July 5,
at 2 p. m.
JOHN F. PINKHAM, Marshal.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- a
Cisco Brick Layers' Association will be
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- %■
ING, July 5, at B.« B. Hall, 121 Eddv-^JV
street, at 8 o'clock. A full attenrance *2k/
requested. Business of importance. *W*
E. J. BRANDON, President. B
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the S;i.i Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company j
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 18th day of July, 1899. at the
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES-
MARIA KIP Orphanage, 520 Lake St., S. F.,
hereby gives notice that the following
orphans and half orphan girls have been re-
ceived in the orphanage from April 1 to June
30, 1599: L. Chapman, 6 years: Alice Sweet. 6
years; Ellen Klnpner, 1 year 8 months: Ethel
Hooper, 6 years; Nell Rose Hindeman, U
years 4 months; E. Buckow, 11 years 3
months. _____^^^__________
IN consequence of the request of the Board
of Health that orphan asylums refrain, dur-
ing the threatened epidemic of smallpox,
from having regular visiting days, Maria
Kip Orphanage will not receive visitors on
the day generally set apart, to Insure the
continuance of the good health which at pres-
ent prevails. •
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted into the orphanage from January 1, 1899,
to June 30. 1899, the following named orphans
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Morris
Harris. 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Ceclle Daniels, 12 yrs. 2
mos.: Sarah Lowensteln, 9 yrs. 9 mos.; Bessie j
Silverman. 8 yrs. 7 mos.: Elkan Gross, 5 yrs. i
6 mos. : Berthold Rankin, 11 yrs. 11 n.os.; !
Nellie Baekel, 11 yrs. 9 mos ; Sarah TJlaine, ;
10 yrs. 6 mos.; Bertha Wolff. 11 yrs. 8 mis.;
Alexander Meyer, 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Benjamin.
Harris, 11 yrs. 10 mos. ; Joseph Lowensteln, 5
yrs. 7 mos.; Fannie Silverman, 5 yrs. 8 mos.;
Sieg. Gross, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Richard Slttlg, 6
yrs. 4 mos. : Philip Baekel, 6 yrs. 2 moi. ; An-
nie Blame, 8 yrs. 9 mos.; Milton Wolff, 10
yrs. 4 mos.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum, from January 1, 189S, to July ;
,1, 1899: Antone .Nicholas, age 3 yrs.; Joseph '
Baraco. age 4 yrs. : Josie Truman, age 4 yrs. ; ;
Annie Truman, age 3 yrs.; Nellie Shakespeare,
age 5 yrs. : Maggie Shakespeare, age 4 yrs.
100 AMERICANS wanted to form the nucleus
of a society for the preservation of American
Individuality and manhood. If you don't
want your city controlled by organized brig-
ands address box 4526, Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6 (80 cent*
per ohare). of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after MON-
DAY, July 10, 1899. Transfer books will close
on MONDAY. July 3, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
*:.~c;: ■ B. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 6 of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St., on and after MONDAY, July 10,
1839. Transfer books will close on MONDAY
July 3. 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery St.. Mills building— For th* half
year ending June 30, 1899. dividends on term
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum and on ordinary '
deposits at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 1899.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
fits.. San Francisco. June 23, 1599 At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held THIS DAY, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on all
deposits for the six months ending June 30
1*99, free from all taxes, and payable on and
after July 1. 1539. -
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— and Loan So-
ciety, 101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter
The board of directors declared a dividend
for the half year ending June SO, 1899, at the
rate of three find eighty-four one hundredth?
(3.54) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and twenty hundredths (3.20) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday
July 1, 1599. Dividends not called for are
■ added to and bear the same rate of divi-
dend as the principal from and after July 1
1599. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier. '
DIVIDEND notice— The Continental Building
and Loan Association of California. 222 San-
some at., has declared for the six months
ending June SO, 1899. a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary «t. — The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 8 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July I, 1839.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
• j^^|^l_l__lrl_i_3_l
ORPHEVM Employment Utnce-Ja^ie^ t&_
nese. ■*-« t-QWFiI. r.r.
SITUATION WANTED Fii-UALB.^
313 Gutter st.
YOUNO~w^Tan with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON 313 Sutter st.
S^Rt'on:
sf y "
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation: under-
city or country. MISS CUIJ^W, _a suiter^
«2^g_^[____?___s_ia
ences 8M Mission st.. near Fourtn. -
Minni E-AGE© woman wishes a situation In
M good family as a rook; Oakland preferred.
Address 227 Minna st. .
YOUNG woman wants home in city; will give
light service: has lost her hearing. D., box
4908, Call office. ,
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
light housework. Please call at 830 Minna
St., in store. ' ,
WAITRESS wants dinner work. Address 23
Natoma st. , ,
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do Eenertil
housework, or will do second work. 223 Polk
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 21-0
Lombard St.. near Flllmore: call 2 days.
FIRST-CLAPS cook (colored woman) wants
cooking by the day, especially for parties.
Call or address Cook. 2516 Baker st. •
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission at., room 1.
GIRL wants a place in Oakland to do light
housework; $10 month. Address MISS CRA-
MER, 393 Sixth st. ; ___
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at
home. Call at 150 Fourth st.
WAITRESS wanted 'In restaurant 133 Turk
street. _____________—-———————————
REFINED Protestant woman to take full
I charge of and teach S children; also music;
country town; salary $25; references. Address
box 4903. Call office. _____
EXPERIENCED hands on waists and wrap-
pers. .NEWBAUERB___S______^ st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; housecleaa-
Ing. washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st. _______________
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2Sc to $1 50 night: $1 80 to $•
week; convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offices
best help. 414"- O'FarreU St.; tel. East 424.
YOUNG man, willing to work, handy with
tools, wishes situation In factory, planing
mill, wholesale house or sawmill; generally
useful. Address box 2481 Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— or houss' cleaning or other
work; have eight hours every day to spare;
city references. ANDERSEN. »2 Bush St. l
tel.* East 963.
WANTED— By a reliable man, situation as
Janitor, porter or night watchman, or any
place of trust. Box 4909, Call office.
MARRIED man would like to take charge at
vineyard, winery or distillery; wife as house-
keeper if desired. Box 4919. Call. .
COMPETENT man wishes position as coach-
man, gardener or any position around private
place; references. Box 4915. Call.
YOUNG man. steady habits, wishes position
with family in country; work about place;
understands care horses, cows, etc. Address
2530 Gough st.
YOUNG man wishes situation In a hotel or
restaurant as third cook. Address 1020 Market.
TO boss Situation wanted by foreman
! on bread and cake. Address Box 4922. Call.
1 CHINESE experienced, first-class cook, meat
and pastry, wishes position In private family,
boarding house or hotel; . good reference;
satisfaction. CHARLEY WHITMAN. SO6
Clay st.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C*^Tha3CsEN^CcT.7."" . PHONE^GRANnsI
50 waitresses for best resorts, springs and
commercial hotels. $20 and $25
4 chambermaids to wait, resorts $20
8 waitresses and 4 chambermaids -to wait,
best city hotels, $20: 4 cooks, $25 to $33; 2
fancy ironers, $25 and $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWENTY waitresses for first-class water resort
In Southern California, $30 a month and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN to assist In bakery; $16 per month;
sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel, $20 per month;
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LUNCH and dinner waitress. $15 per month; .
sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO girls to assist In the kitchen, country
hotel, $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 328 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Marln County, $25; 8 waitresses.
same place, country, $20 each: 10 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city, $25, $20 and $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .V v
WORKING housekeeper, springs, $13; fare paid.
MISS QCLLEN, 326 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Trinity County, $20; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st. _^
WOMAN with a child; housework, country; see
party here 9 o'clock Monday. MISS CU_-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat girl, general housework. Sao
Rafael $25, see lady to-day; 8 waitresses tor
springs, $20; 2 waitresses for nice boarding-
houses, city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, IS
and $7 a week; cooks, short orders, $8 a week;
cook, meat and pastry, delicatessen store, $35;
cook, boarding-house, $6 a week; waitress,
private family, $25; a number of girls for
work, city and country, $18, $20 and $25. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 816 Butter at.
WANTED— Man and wife for ranch, $40 per
month; also a man to do chores and take care
of horses, $25. MRS. NORTON. 113 Butter t*.
EXPERIENCE") eannen wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Lady for light housework; good
home and fair pay for light party. Call af-
ter 11 o'clock a. m., 116 Taylor st.
WANTED — A good reliable girl for general
housework and cooking. Apply 923 O'FarreU
st.," immediately. --■'-■'-.
APPRENTICE to learn tailoring; must know
how to do plain sewing. 131 Montgomery St.,
room 6.
WANTED— A girl for light housework; no
washing. 112 Second st., upstairs.
GEARY. 1945— G00d home for young girl; light
housework; references wanted.
WANTED— Waitress at 615 Valencia St.. $15 per
month and room.
GIRL for light housework in a family of two
adults and baby. 2422 Bush st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. 387 Geary at,»
apply afternoon.
GIRLS wanted on tailoring. 40 Ellis St.. rootr
47.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
73T McAllister St., near Octavla.
GIRL for general houswork. 1330 A Hayes st.
OPERATORS— GirIs to work on caps. 1308
Powell st., nr. Pacific st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
bet. Kearny and Montgomery sts. . '
YOUNG girl: light housework, assist care
baby; good home. 1006 Geary st.
A NURSE girl wanted at 530 Turk st.
A GIRL to assist with light housework- no
cooking; wages, $8. 57S Sixth st.
YOUNG girl to do upstairs work; wages SIB
Apply 1230 Ellis st., near Octavla. * '
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp Call
fornla Orange Syrvp Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
NEAT girl for housework and plain cookin--
German preferred. 20 Camp st.. nr. Guerrero.'
A L PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed*
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.'
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best price-, 7
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.'
OPERATORS on overalls! LEVI STRAUSS 7
CO., 32V£ Fremont St.; apply to Mr Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school trads
thoroughly tansfat: satisfaction g ar,nt«d
terms easy: evening rlas. P! .. Sos T^aWnworth "
HELP W A Vl' M A iTLi7~ ~
_^p_fipSsliSS ;^^HKI-1" "WANTED— Continued.
NO OFFICE FEE
60 MEN WANTS! '
FOR THE COAHT R. ROAD
FREE FARE
$1 78 to $1 50 per day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOY M ENT AG BNTS.
104 deary st.
FOR HOTEL AND LAUNDRY DEPART-
MENT
broiler, $50; fry cook, $50; third cook *«j-cof-
fee man. $40; 2 pastry cooks, $35. $.W: " r rench
1 twashers and dishwashers, $80, $25 ; 15 dish-
washers. potwashers vegetal $30 M; t,
pantry, bell anJ elevator r boys, 518,. *-v. /' J
white 20 c red. $25, SSOI Frencl Swiss cook,
roadhouse, $80. canip cook, $65; camp cook.
$10. both free fare: 2 waiters, 'tor. springs,! S2s;
night scrubber. country hotel; -•■■' and found;
nilht kitchen hand. $25. both Fame place and
'ree fare- vegetabU-inau, summer resort, $....
MISCELLANEOUS.
blackxirithi carpenters, farmers, dairymen,
woodsmen, "niillnien. men to handle freight.
and hundreds of HANSEN & co .,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 Geary Bt.
m-Mc; INTO MURRAY & READY....:......,
■ V. _ Phone Main 5548
r "Eniplovment and Labor Agents,
'•' L YE : tH c LABOR AND WE WILL
UIVE YOU WORK AT BIG WAGES
i.6 laK?rcrs, no ■ • lence required, fare %
on ,i coc wages $75. $60 per month
24 four-horse teamsters 1C^.... ........
1"<. 'arm orchard and vineyard hands for all
pans of "California.. 126 and «i 5 and found
89 milkers, different good ..............
$30, $25 and found
IS choremen and boys
....$3O $26 $25. $20, $16 and found
Plivata family man Shoemakers
WAREHOUSEMEN
ii strong men (see boss at our office). s2 50 day
125 hay and harvest men •• — •
. ..$2 50, $2, $1 BO and $1 X and found
MACHINE BLACKSMITH. . . .CARPENTEKo
Machine blacksmith, steady job »•! day
5 carpenters, sawmill companies I.""*
Stonemasons.. Mi:: bench hand
BLACKSMITHS BUTCHER&. . . . . •
1» blacksmiths, horseshoers, all parts or Cali-
fornia, $8 50. $2 day. $55. $40 and found
3 butchers, different good steady Jobs
MARRIED yjM'
I farmers and wives also gar dener ar a We.
I3S and $40 and found; exceptional good Jobs..
ENGINEERS AND FIR-MEN.... .. ...
Engineer, hoisting engine. r " fl>r « I - o «*- ( , J >J?* d
3* laborers. Inside. atalde fist
ence required. $80. $60. NO. MO ai \i£>™^
8 iT'^BLEMEN.VMfLX wagon DRIVERS..
M laborers, manufacturing oompan y^ .
■"FRUIT" PICKERS
STREET RAILROAD^f^ & " RE Al> ¥7 ' " ' "
'"■.'".■'..'.' .'.....654-656 Clay si
FRF -. 'td BE\T-TIFrL MENX>'3CINO CO.
U6 lai^rens for' 6 large sawmill oompaniea,
wages K6™nd found "4 Increase : ao«perl-
eoce leTur-i, anybody will suit, that
means A LS 6" •;:;;:;;:::;::::::
iil' is hirers' and' " ' ,'. '• '.OTHER *HELP
ft" Kw^l^panl-es^Tal^of^
fXrnla Croescut sawyers Spooltenders...
r^.feneriT..:Bark p4lere ... Screw turners
m.«/i dinkey men Log fixers, eto ,
Head a °^ ey IY^1 Y^ |60> $50 $40, $30 and found
.DRILLERS AND HEADER men ....
.- >• ....... and $» aay
■SfT^KAY A READY. 63*-<3B Clay at.
_-™ FREE — FREE
the "railroads in California^. Laborers..
Teamsters. ..Muokers... Header -men,
r r om *o u«.y
MI&RA V & READY . " 63*-636 Clay St.
WOTFL^DEPARTMENTT BAKERS
Oeooto fl«t. second and third, for all part*
of California. $65. US. $40. $SO. $25 and found
Si iiit-rT »80, $M, ?20 and found
» dUhw"abers' ...... t»' $86, feo. B and found
3 waiters for a large mine.. .$3O and found
B .J^!!™:.. C . l .^."*—^ *!is"and-Vdnnd
Birtend?^ middi^aged"^^ hoteY.V.^ . .^^
lit' bakers and assistants — ;J ,.-.. ...........
is Dase-. •*"« $40 $35, $30. $2s. and found
I'J, ...... MURRAY *> READY.
•■•;;;;;;;;"* 634-638 Clay st.
WANTED- Burlelgh driller for mine. $2 60 per
day; chucktender for same plaoe. $2 35 pei
W « ***.#$
V^rV 0 ' m !n .^V.Vr:.V»rto-si'7rper l4 da ( S
m mUke" ■■":.....".-.!-. $26 and $3(
an ■" the«." ' W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
STENOGRAPHER for large vineyard com-
pany 150 per month: steady position. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. .
WANTED- Oook for resort. $40; cook, country
boarding: house, $40: oook and dishwasher,
small country hotel near city. $35 and $1! i
kitchen hand for camp, $*0 and found. W. L>.
EWER & CO.. 810 Clay at.
■WANTED— Elderly man to care for poultry,
etc.. on a nice farm. $15 and found; 1 Scandi-
navians to work about mine and learn fur-
nace work. 150 to $70 per month. W. D.
EWER 4 CO.. 616 Clay st.
WAN TDD— stone masons, $4 day; dairyman
and wife. $40; 4 fanoe builders, $8 to $1 2d day;
6 miners, » 60 day; t carpenters for mine, $5
day and fare paid one way; laborers for mine,
$1 75 to $2 40 day and $26 and board; table-
man. $25 and found; 1 blacksmiths, $50 ane
$2 50 day; machinist for country. $3 day; car-
riage painter. $2 50 day; woodsmen. $85 to J4O,
see boas In city; boy for wholesale store. 136!
to U week) 76 teamsters and laborers, $1 to $3;
and others, J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED^i boarding-hoy and restaurant
cooks $80. $38 and $10 week; ranch cook, $20;
night waiter. $35; dishwashers; potwashers!
vegetablecnen and others. J. F. CROSETT
<& CO., «S Baoramento »t.
TEN colored waiters, 125, country hotel, steady
lob- waiter, $25; potwaehef, $20; dishwasher,
$20. HOTEL GAZETTE, ii Montgomery St.,
room 12.
■WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truokee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2 TRUCKEE ■& LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply, at Truckee.
TO go this week— 6oo pairs men's ehoea, coma
nearly new, from 800 tc SI 80: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 682 Mission St.,
bet Ist and 2d Bts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— I Flrst-claes mechanical draughts-
men; state experience and salary expected.
Box 4910. Call offloe.
WANTED— active man for a genuine
business: can make fine wages: small capital
required. Room 2, »17 Market st.
•WANTED— Immediately, 10 firet-olaes carpen-
tens. Apply Wednesday to J. YTILSON. 603
Mission st. ■
GERMAN boy to learn confectionery trade.
681 Hayes at-
"WANTED— A waiter at OVTENB St STARR'S
restaurant, 7 Ninth st.
TOTJNG man as dishwasher. 629 Davis st.
WANTED— waiter and dishwasher. 483
Fifth st.
"ANTED experienced cook. 84$ East st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1438 Turk St.; waiter
at 1125 Stockton Bt.
WANTED— A man who understands nursery
work and florist business. 600 Halght st.
BRIGHT boy wanted, about 17, to learn trade.
CARSON GLOVE CO., 306 Market st.
WHITEWABHER. active man. 121 Main St.,
between Mission and Howard.
BARBER— Satisfactory reasons for selling;
cash $65 or installments; 2 living rooms; rent,
$12.50, Inquire immediately, 2a Hayes st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting. 350 to
60c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d its.
•
APPLY immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
WANTED— A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the b«st
fraternal orders in the United States; only
thosa who are capable and mean business need
apply, Call on or address DR. W. M. PARK.
14 Plith Ft., San Francisco, Cal. Office hours,
10 a. m. to 1:30 p. m.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero m- , San Francisco, or 0:1 work at
Sunol.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after & weeks; call or write for free Illus-
trate catalogue. Mi >LER'S Barber College.
G3C Clay st.
SHOEMAKER, bandy man for city store; ref-
ences required: state age and experience. Box
4SIS, Call office.
YOUNG couple, man must be good bedmaker;
wife good cook, to learn nursing. DR. CHAM-
LEY, 2Z Third st.
CLERK for grocery and bar; wages, $30 and
board; references required. Box 4917, Call.
WANTED— A live solicitor for milk route.
Address A. .':.. Call branch. 653 McAllister.
WANTED — Barytone singer who can play the
organ. Call bet. 2 and 4 p. m. at Golden West
Hotel, Wednesday, July 6. Quaker Med. Co.
WANTED — Hammermen at Point Richmond;
wages $2 25 j>er day; beard $4 50 week.
MEN wanted — Labor»j-s, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare OakdaJe to
Konora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery St. 'j;.^
SOLDIERS, sailors or heirs desiring pensions,
travel p-,y. etc. see L. M SHERWOOD. 612.
sixth floor, Examiner building, San Francisco
ELLIS, 821 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day.
week or mo.; xtes, 25c to $1 per night; re-
. Auction to permanent roomers; reading room.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTEDr-Teamstera to drive, scrapers; wages j
51 7.". and $'.!: board $4 SO per week. Apply '■
K. M. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
WANTED— Distributors. EMPIRE LAUNDRY
CO TCS Bryant street.
j BARB Progressive Union: tree employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Bee. 104 :•_ : tel Jessie 1164.
j WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
: rooms: 25c per night; '• to J2 per week.
j WILSON I]ouf«\ 77fi Mission st.. near Fourth—
100 modem room* with liot. rc-M water: tree
baths; electric light-: elevator::"- to $1 night.
i BAILORS and ordinary jearajn for coast and
Australia st HKRMAN'S, 26 Bteu st.
WjOT"Ei>-15 men to find clean, central, cheap
rms. 25c. COc night; hkpg.. $1 25 up. SS 3d st
WANI M»'.-. osn loam the barber trade loi
.» ul ..-»- .\l.ili\ : Ft.
200 RINHLE rurnlshed rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Line! Cth and Howard; read, rm.
ME-.' and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138H Eighth^
PEN3IONS-j7 H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE nwms. 1«\ 20c. 2:-c per night; 75c, $1
to }•. 50 »»tk. Elcho House. S6"!>4 Market st.
! THY Acme House. 967 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c n night; $1 a week
WANTED— To collect wages ''.lie laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter Bt.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. ?5c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from trie ferry.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED mom; bath. If possible; not far
from center of city. Box 4655. Call.
WA>'TED— MIS« Kl.I-
WANTED— Martin concert guitar. Address
Guitar. 2821 Pine et.
. — —
GOOD second-hand saw cutting lathe; about »-
foot bed. Box 4934, Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and read bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand: must be fine.
Box 1686. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
jT~J?~\VHrTNEY, trance, test medium.
life reader; also medical clairvoyant: treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
■ tamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Poet and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MEDIUMS' Protective Association meets to-
night at Madame Young's hall, 806 McAllister
st.; address by Mrs. Seal; messages, Mrs.
Robinson. Mrs. T. C. Martin.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 800, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor st., parlor 3-5.
TO-NIGHT— II 7 Larkln St., medlumship and
manifestations. Bishop Garrison; 10 cents.
A— MRS. EBERHARDT'S test meeting. 2:15.
10c. 8250 22<i St.. bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Men.. 8: 25c: Fittings SI. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those In trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium Immediately, either In person
cr by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and Is master
of the power by which she can reTeal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom
you are interested: satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket ex.
1 MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond eight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles, 50c; gents. $1 : "It. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success; Mm©. CUngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
' ; MME. HANSON, carl reader and palmist; past,
i present and future, 25c. 143 Sixth st., room 12.
' '' MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
1 i palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
> MRS. SOPHIE SKIP, reliable, psyohometrlst ;
25c. Sun., Tues., Frl., at 6; 10c. 1724 Market.
• EMMA GOLDMAN', the anarchist lecturer,
speaks July 6 at 11" Turk at. : * p. m.
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar. : 25c. 1322 Mission.
I I ■ r —
| YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
•7 to lO p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c. j
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 280 up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
; MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
I ■ band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
; FAXMISTHY.
' ; MME. NEERGaRD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
. ' main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
' i office hours ItoB p. m. : reading by mall, $1.
i ■
i YOUR fate ts in your hand; children half price.
MME. GERMAINE. 9f>9 Market Bt., room 29.
' PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
! j perfection. Fee 60 eta. 7S Third St., room 4.
' I A— MME. BURHNELL. the famous palmist, 915
Bush St.. bet. Taylor and .Tones.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
I cash and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
1 in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
■way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 13 and SO O'Farre'.l st : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments .of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
'■ HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
i makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
' AT $127: Stelnway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 21*5 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros. 1 pianos. 218 McAllister at.
i BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
; sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Chlckerlng and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
! OUR specialty la renting new pianos. $2 CO per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
!r A DANIELS Is now With BYRON
MAU73Y, MM to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rent?. $2 up (allowed on sale)! Heine, 136 Ellis.
1 EOHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
\v G BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
I Francl3 Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARG»IN— Good upright cheap. SCHMIT3, 18
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new pcale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE; 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CARPET CLIO AWING.
WHEW You become 'disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
j beating Works. 3."i3-307 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
I CARPETS cleaned, '■'"■ per yard. H. L. JONES,
■ 300 McAllister st., cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
! tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
j J. MeQI BEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson ft.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
I CARP cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
; STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
' J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning He per yard; tel. Mission 74. .
; U. (J. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 2c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
! CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
| MAOTJIRE ft GALLAGHER— James O. Ma- j
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- ,
Cher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
i Ing, BIS-865 Market St.; tel. South 215.
I ADVICE free: divorce" law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. !
I ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
] W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
i L. S. CLARKE — Emma Spreckels building. »27
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
STORAGE.
' CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed;' tel. Clay 25.
, PIERPE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
' PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
i furn. &H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 111.
TKE SA^S f FHA:NCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES. I
•■ ; ! I.oHISTS store and green house In
Oakland; established 12 years; on main street;
well stocked: splendid paying business. Par- '
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.-
A $600— HOPHOUBE and coffee saloon; open
day and night: opposite Oakland ferries; es-
tablished years an.i doing a rushing business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s*:>o; FTU'IT, produce and poultry business
in largest market in Oakland; rent $65: estab-
lished many years and splendid paying:
sickness of owner only cause of sale. R. Q.
W [LKE, M>6 Market St.
A— ALL Kind of patents for rale; bring in your
inventions. 'R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
r ts. : -class] cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. "WILKE, 806 Market.
A— s2oo; RESTAURANT and choyhouset rent
54 ; close to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— JSSO; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mls-
eion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
flrst-clnse paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. Q. WILKE, 901 Mar-
ket st.
i SALOON, near Market, must sell this week;
bargain. COWING & CO.. 985 Market st.
ROOMING house, centrally located In Oakland;
bargain this day. COWING & CO., 995 Mar-
ket st.
■ FRUIT store, rally located; fine cash busi-
ness; bargain. COWING * CO., »95 Market.
i CIGAR store, centrally located: great sacrifice
tins day. COWING & CO., 395 Market st. i
ROAD house doing fine business; must be sold; i
leaving city. COWING & CO.. 995 Market. j
$1000 WANTED— A partner with that amount
to invest in a business enterprise; will guar-
antee $300 profit monthly. For particulars see
McLAUQHLIN & CO., 7T7& Market st.
$700— SALOON; bargain; other business cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
$125— BRANCH bakery, notions, school supplies,
milk, delicacies; living rooms; cheap rent; I
great sacrifice. JONES, ECS Market st.
PARTNER wanted In light business; $15
i to $85 a week; trial given; no experience re- j
j quired. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st. |
FOR sale or rent— Fully equipped bakery; doing !
good business In good town near the city, j
Particulars I. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
CIGAR stand and saloon to let, at 1342 Market
Bt., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall; rent $40;
price of fixtures, $276; a snap.
PARTNER wanted: cash business: experience
not essential; no bonus demanded. Box 490«,
Call office. I
$300— BARGAIN— SaIoon and t living rooms.
Call at once, 863 Natoma st.
j $250— OLD established corner saloon; great bar-
gain; fair business. 632 Market St.. room B.^
TO LET— Saloon; well fitted up In complete run-
ning order; now open. Inquire 980 Howard st.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON, 783 1 * Market st.
A NEW discovery for weak, sore, discharging,
painful, watery. Itching, burning and in-
flamed eyes and lids: for children and par- .
ents; by mail. Mo. GERMAN OPTICAL IN-
STITUTE. 1071H Market st., San Francisco.
('a!. Wanted— l reliable agent In every State.
j FIRST-CLASS bakery and confectionery, in j
good running order, with 4 furnished rooms. •
to rent to responsible party. Apply between |
$ and 5 p. m., 91S Larkln Bt. )
RESTAURANT; must sell on account of leav- I
ing cityi receipts $15 daily; at your own I
price. Address 704 Larkln st. j
: MEAT market; well located; doing entire cash !
: business. Inquire 510 Castro for particulars.
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shop, cheap for I
cash on account of leaving city. Address Box
4920. Call office. '
: FIR9T-CLABS paying butcher, sausage and ',
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
CIGAR stand at Invoice price; centrally lo-
cated; rent $15. Apply before 11 a. m. at res-
taurant, 10 Hayes et.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. . Wieland
Brewery, Second and Folsom st«.
i GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing first-class :
business; good location; 65 regular boarders; ;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In- (
quire Call office. j
i FOR sale— Fine grocery and bar; good location, j
I Corner Post an 1 Devlsadero sts.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents. j
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL * C 0.'8... '8.. 415 Sacramento at.
LODGING HOUSES FOR BALE.
j 22 ROOMS; on Howard st $ 500
j 18 rooms; on Turk St., only 560 |
; IS rooms; on Third st 325
40 rooms; corner house; clears $160 1500
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms ISOO |
5-room flat; near Emporium 260
15-roorn house; worth $600 250
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
12 ROOMS; Post st.; $150 cash $875 i
13 rooms; $250 cash; Interest 14 per cent.. 650
tt rooms; cheap rent; only 650
MONEY TO LOAN AT I PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
! A— l2-ROOM house; north of Market st. ; rent
; $40: clearing $50 per month. R. G. WILKE.
| 906 Market St.
WANTED— for 3 to 10 room vacant !
houses at A M SPECK A CO.'S. 667 Market.
: 14 ROOMS; established 10 years; fullest inves- ■
j tlgation. LARSEN, SIS Bush Bt. - \
\ LODGING house of 11 rooms for sale cheap i
call for one week. 233 Third st.
KIKMTtRK FOR SALES.
MORTGAGE sale— go quick; no cost mark.
DAVIS. 1145 Market st.
! TAPESTRY. Brussels carpet*, laid and lined, ;
j 50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton St.
! 4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4$ 50. with No.
1 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store, 1180 Mission, buys.
sells, ex. new. Id-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
HORSES.
FOR Bale— sso: dark bay horse; T years: 16
hands; 1100 pounds; good roadster. 1715 Sac-
ramento st. I
i FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist, 606 Golden Gate.
' 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
til Sixth St.; auction gales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. '
■ ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mend-nhall, suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co.: saleayarfl. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— A; fine wagon and cover, horse and
harness. 756 Fulton st.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts." harness,
■ etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH A WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, office furniture, store and offlc*
furniture and fixtures; new and second-band.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102* Mission St.. j
f above Sixth. ;
' JAPANESE pug pups; Nippon, the father, has '
taken first prize at dog show. Call at 511 :
Joneß st. ■. ;■ j
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
veiling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building.
i BOILERS, engines, lathee, planer, band saw,
wood planer; Zd-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
I BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
' CAMERAS and photo supplies— full line
selling at less than cost. 813 Hearst building.
ICE plant: 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission. I
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. 1100. 2 h. p. $125. S
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
j DRESS pants, $2 95; fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth- i
Ing Parlors. 613 Montgomery, cor. Commercial. |
i A— s3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 76. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 830 Keamy St.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THB
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
! — Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
7r~MONTHLY. rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bough. »old. exchanged, rented; re-
airing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
LOST.
LOST— In San Mateo County, near Mlllbrae,
lady's gold watch. Handsome reward at 835 j
Sutter Ft., S. F. |
LOST— lady's gold watch and chain. Return
to ISIS Bush Bt.; reward. _^^
DIAMOND bracelet. Handsome reward If re-
turned to 718 Treat aye.. near Twentieth st.
ACCOUNTANT S-
S. K. B.ALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits A I
adjusts accounts tor corporations & firms, ret. 1
PERSONALS.
B^L.— Received O. K. I am acting on your
advice. Hope to see you very soon. C. X...
box 4907. Call office.
LEDERER'S IN TONIC A Is a perfect hair
tonic; does not change the color of the hair
and removes dandruff. 123 Stockton St.
THERE Is but one Lederer: his hairdreeslng
parlors are : thronged; best work but 2Sc:
switches, $1 up; hair rolls, lOo; very longest,
only 30c. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES— A big cut In prices; $6 Ypsllartl
union suits, $3, equestrian tights, 25c. OBER'S.
34 Geary st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices; ;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearr.y.
$1 PER wee!; for lady's suit, jaoket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1806 Stockton St.. near Broadway. J
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark j
Attorney at Law. and Copyright 1
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty, j
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign ]
Eend for Circular. Patents Solicited. |
ELECTRIC lights In every room; "Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms; 1
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
. free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 60—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or j
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 522 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1836.
T. BRILLIANT, 838-840 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.; i
separate ward for contagious diseases. ;
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec- 1
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Pine.ab.Keany. j
I A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made £Uitn to order j
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome. !
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago j
Clock Co.. 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOB TANI, 813 Sutter st.
A— Ladles' or gefVs clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. .Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufaeng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Furrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
387 GEARY St.— Dresses made. $5 up: dresses
made over: perfect fit' nre^ndles and lawns.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting: made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ;
VERY fine house, In perfect condition; 3386 j
Twenty-first St.. near Guerrero; 7 rooms: rent .
very reasonable: see It. E. O. DENNISTON,
8454 Twenty-first st. j
VERY pleasant house, in perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see It.
FURNISHED FLATS.
■ TO RENT— Nicely furnished flat; 4 rooms and
bath; sunny yard. 11l Fell st. j
FLATS TO LET.
A 3-ROOM flat: near Mission and Third sts.;
rent $10. Apply 15 Grant aye.
I FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. .
I MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
i NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 6-room flat; modern .improve-
-1 ments; rent $17; water free.
! TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Sunny 5-
j room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1219 Laguna, cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
! $B— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny Fide. 472 :
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes st?
. — .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkln — Bay window alcove,
kitchen, gas stove; also single bay window.
I FIFTH, 353 — 3 cWn furnished housekeeping,
$13; aIPO large front room, $7; hull room, $5.
FULTON, 21?. corner Van Ness— Neatly turn.
flat. 4 rooms; gas range; bath: also others.
: GEARY, 622— Furnished sunny, hay-window
parlor, kitchen, yard, laundry; hkpg; also sgl.
GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished
flats; each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets. 2 cel-
lars; gas; every convenience; $18.
] GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
! HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12. /
; HAWTHORNE, 172, bet. 2d and 3d, nr. Harri-
son—Small prettily fur. flat; private; $16 mo.
HOWARD, 628, bet. First and Second— Mce
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
I .
HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
', JONES, 603—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$16; also double and- single rooms, cheap.
KEARNY, 223, nr. Sutter— 2 nice front rooms;
gas free; Janitor service; $14. 15 Grant aye.
MARKET. 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed. $12: 3 unfurnished, $6.
! MARTHA pi.. 2, off Geary nr. Taylor— 2 neatly
i furnished rms; complete for hkp: stove; yard.-
I NATOMA, 60—2 housekeeping rooms; $3; fire
yard; sun all day.
j O'FARRELL, SOS — Two large unfurnished sunny
connecting rooms; running water; rent reas.
NOE, 151 — or 3 sunny front housekeeping
rooms; gas or coal range; $10 to $14.
! BUTTER. 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hf=kpg. ; terms reasonable.
VALENCIA. 1171—2 large sunny bay-window
rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Furnished sunny flat; 8
rooms and bath: complete for housekeeping;
only permanent and responsible parties.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
j AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand, 146 Sd— 2oo lst-class sunny is.,
IBe to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
I front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient,
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; first- |
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable: transient
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. &. offices.
CLAY, Nicely furnished front room, with
or without kitchen; cheap. Inquire at 1523
Polk street.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 303, corner Jones— sunny bay-window
corner rooms; double beds; homelike.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. . .
FOURTH, 12SU, nr Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms.
GEARY, 387—3 newly furnished rooms; sunny;
I gas; hot bath; closets; central; light house-
keeping allowed.
' GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny roomn by day, week or month.
I GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HouHe, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door: elevator: free baths.
HOWARD. 646. near New house. 80 rms. ;
newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $5 upward.
I HOWARD, 2133.— Large sunny furnished rooms
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $6 and •$?.
■ HYDE, 917, near — Large back parlor, suit-
I able for lor 2 gents; ref. ex.; also 1 small rm.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— New -manage-
ment; fur. hkpg »uitee (3 to 6 r.),515 up; ret".
MARKET. 783 V4 — Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location: $1 to $2 50- per week.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished j
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
j NATOMA, 2R2', 2 , near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms; water and yard; rent $5. j
O'FAUKKLL. — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo. '
POWELL. 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished* single rooms; sunny.
RINGOLD, 29, between Eighth and Ninth, Fol-
som and Harrison — large unfurnished
rooms.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladle*' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House 28 Eighth st.
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH.' 132— Neatly fur. sunny rooms; suites j
" and single; also housekpg; rates moderate.
BIXTH, 429— Two nioe sunny front furnished, i
suitable for light housekeeping, and ether I
I room. J
ROOMS TO LET-Contliinea.
STEVENSON. S37H— Sunr.y front room, nicely
furnished. $4 per month.
SUTTER, 320 Vi (Stanford House)— Suites from
$12 up: single rooms, $1 50 up.
TAYLOR. 117— Furnished rooms for $1 60 up per
week; also housekeeping rooms.
THE Oaks 113 Third— A good rooming house
tor good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE PIEDMONT, IMA Sixth st., corner Min-
na — Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom. nr. 6th— Sunny corner
■mis., suites and elngla; gas. bath: also hskpg.
THIRD, 25. nr. Market-*-Sunnlest rooms in Ban
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
THIRD. 7S, nr. Market; also 309— Nicely frnshd
rms, single and double; also hskg; elec. lights
YALE, 1!2 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnlslied suites. J5 up: single. $1 50 up.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
AT 41S First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, J6 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS—. 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully fur.
sunny suites, single r., reas.: board optional.
GOLDEN GATE, 160- Elegant parlor suite,
newly furnished; other rooms: hot and cold
water; 2 blocks from Market st.
HOTEL Victoria, 1106 Hyde. cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed- i
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op. '
O'FARRELL. 742— Large front room, running
water, home cooking; also single rms., $20 up.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
SUTTKR. 112?— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: -home cooking.
CHILDREN nOARDED.
NEAT, refined young woman desires children
to board: best of references. Apply 631 Castro.
WANTED— I or 2 children to take cars of;
French lady. Box 4943. Call.
GOOD home for Infants: only |19 per month.
210 Lexington are., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 103S Mark»t »t. : popular prl~^«.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE corner store; rent reasonable; Seventh
and Natoma Ets. Apply 605 Natoma.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
i MATERLETS eye water; a new discovery for
: weak, gore, inflamed, itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by I
' mail BOc German Optical Institute, 107V-4 Mar- I
; ket, S. F. WRnted— Reliable art. in every Ptat«. ;
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for ell female
diseases; all th'rse who are sick or discour- i
aged should call on the doctor and state their |
case befire going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money j
refund* J by MRS. DR. GWYER, 810 Eddy
St., b«-t. Hyde and Larkln: office hours. 10 to
12, 2 t • 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment
only^ ■
! A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
i cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); oaf*- and pure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same d:iy; no instruments used: cure at office,
IS; hnme In confinement; skillful medical at-
: tentl-.n: all can save time and »xpense. by con-
sult in< the doctor, free, before going else-
wh. re. MRS. DR. WYETH, i>42 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
I ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
I true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity ; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
igh else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers t-eated: no de-
lay self-cure srnt: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.:
■ . $2.
! A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
es of monthly irregularities from whatever
sltlvely no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at i ffloe, t6; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential:
h'-nie for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS DR KOHL, 1122 Mark-H St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. in.; Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p m.
IMPORTANT- A sreat progress la medical sci-
ence for f.-male troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, S5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 87 years.
T>R. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
X DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cnuse. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated suce6sfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be. used at home; consultation
free; call or write. 102"V£ Market et.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese htrbs, over 3004 varieties being used:
advice free; hours. 6:30 to 11 a. m. 1 to 3
| and 7to 9 p m.
' ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable. i>afe and sure; maternity
home; no instruments: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 22S Van N»bs aye.
; ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
et. ; $1 60. Send to stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
| ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: Bafe cure; %1 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD 8R03.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
: MERITO— Sure, safe preventive: married ladles
try It: price $1. sample box 2Rc; write for olr-
j cular.Merito Mfg.C0.,227 Leavenworth st.S.F.
i A— DrT and MRS. SILVA, 216V4 Mason St.—
Private home in confinement: ladles' friend
In trouble; terms reas.: call a*nd be convinced.
i DR. AND MRS. WEGENER 131! Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant tunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.; te'.. Green F. 2.
! DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market gt.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $» up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats al! dis-
eases of the human hrvdy. HIS Mnson St.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELE<:TRI<:aL— Theory and practice, oon-
ttructlon, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
leachers, day and evening, catalogue free.
HEALD'P BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
I HOLMES College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, J-iurnalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 Instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big, S. F.
i AY RES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bockkeeplr.if, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis «y?tem : sunny rooms: low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1238 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
est. 1564 VAN DEH NAILLEN. 933 Market.
THE Studio. 1P33 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, aOc lesson,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo; top fiat, 514 Hayes ft.
MATHEMATICS, history, English; coaching
specialty; during vacation £> mo. 220 Eddy.
! LAW Schools, m Market 8. X.. and Mi Br ad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience: 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
j "EXPAN.-!' N" 'he order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lness CV.llfce. 3tis Larkln st.. opt. City Hall.
cTV. A>. NG < O mlm ) I ?f DS.
UTICA cleansing, toilet and paste compounds;
first priZ'' U99 Royal Agricultural Society,
Sydney; cures poison oak; a household bless-
ing. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, Agent: office and
factory, 21 Spear st.
PROPOSALS.
SkitED States Engineer v:n c .-. Flood build-
Ing, San Francisco, Cal., July 3, IS99— Sealed
proposals for constructing steel highway
draw-span, piers therefor and appi
thereto across tidal canal at Oakland Hnrbor,
Oal.. will be received here until 12 oVlick
noon August 9. 1599. Information furnisii-d
on application. W. H. HEUHR, Major, En-
ginecrj.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION OF PA RTNKRPHIP— Notice Is
hereby given that the firm of SHAW A POX-
GOOD, coal dealers. 113S McAllister st., is
hereby dissolved by mutual consent. SHAW
assumes all liabilities and will collect all
debts due the firm.
Signed: G. A. SHAW
J. R. FOXGOOD.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
RESIDENCE.
15,000— 0n Twentieth St., near Guerrero: fine j
residence district; 2 story house 8 rooms ;
and bath; could be remodeled Into flats;
lot 25x114.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
18.000— Substantial well-built residence on !
Twenty-fourth St.. near Sanchez; j
Twenty-fourth-street cars; lot 25x114.
SMALL INVESTMENTS.
$s,ooo— Pays 15 per cent per annum; nine flats, ,
near Fifth st. - -
14 Near First and Mission sts., S flats of
I and 4 rooms, and rear house. This ;
district is In demand for commercial
purposes.
0 000— Block and half from Market and Kearny
sts.; 6 tenements; rents $36; don t fail .
to see this. 'm'Li\.
500— Good house. 6 rooms and bath ana hlgn
basement, near Seventh st.
$I,7oo— One block from Market and Kearny st. ;
2-story house: 7 rooms; must be sold. ,
FORCED SALE.
Will take almost anything for a good
building lot, on Clipper St.. near woe,
26x114 feet, owner must leave for the
Philippines.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
81,600— cottage of 6 rooms: sunny side St.;
near car line; 25x100 feet: make an offer.
BARGAIN— IMPROVEMENTS.
$160— the Improvements, consisting of a
well-built cottage of 4 rooms, and 2- |
story house of S rooms; near Ninth and |
Harrison sts. '■
BARGAINS IN LOTS. i
$B,soo— Corner lot on Filbert st.; 120x125; choice
residence neighborhood. !
$816— Near Masonic aye. and McAllister st,;
all ready for building.
$500— Mission st.; street work all done;
half cash, balance ,6H per cnt.
Clement st. ; Sutro car line; rare Invest-
ment. •
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
ASTON. ELDRIDGE i CO..
■ 63S Market St.
A— s7Bso; CHOICEST corner of all: marine and
park view front and rear cannot be ob- '
•tructed; 10 large sunny rooms; conservatory
most expensively decorated; heaters; all pos- I
sible conveniences. Apply to ALBERT W IL- ;
FORD on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader
«te\. from 11 to 8; McAllister or Hayeß-st.
car.
_i±L
20 ACRES OIL LAND, Fresno County, for $10;
get particulars. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate,
money loaned to and for you, Mills building;
phone 1196; "no stock In a company."
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of Flret avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. QUNN. 410 Montgomery.
A SACRIFICE— SI7SO; 2 flats, 9 roms; hard fin- .
lshed; beautiful view; no agents. 4088 Army.
COUNTRY HKAL. IiSTATJB.
! NEW rich land near city: praall and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7&00
acres 'eft. For particulars of Immense crops
rained In dry season of 1897-98 address THB
COT ATI CO.. 802 California St.. B. F.
! FRUIT, Ei&tr and stock farms.
W. D HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery «t. j
PROPERTY ANTED.
CHEAP lots near car line* anywhere in San
Francisco J J. EVANS. Real Estate and
Loans. Mills building. ;
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in B. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
• removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6Va per cent on real estate, Id
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- .:
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 9.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
! ANY amount by private party on furniture and I
piano-*: no removal; low rates; confidential. 1}
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st. '
LOANS made to salaried people: real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
i THE REYNOLDS CO.. 69 Third st.
' AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL. 44. Merchants' Exchange.
! TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS Real !
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify: will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
i etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
i $50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
' any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
: ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, lit McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
I without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 692 Parrott bldg.
1 IF your property 19 mortgaged and you need ,
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
i —^— — "~"""*""" I
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market St., rver Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most ]
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold j
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 60c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work, j
Open evenings and Sundays. . ' j
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our i
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years: crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; nil- !
Ings. 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth Ft.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can >
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
. without plates our specialty; gold crowns, !
i $3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- :
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2 i
P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager. ■
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex- !
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- j
ful secret method"; crowns, $2: bridges, $4; :
■ rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first |
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 year*.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold i
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex- ;
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 Market St., near j
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 937 Market st. i
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market St.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOtTNO. IS4I Polk st.
~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C O'DONNELL, office and residence, i
1021^ Market at., bet. Bth and 7th.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1600 — --
REDUCED FROM JSOOO
IF SOLD THIS WEEK.
House, 7 rooms, bath; lot 40x120; first-class
neighborhood; stone walk and street work ;
complete; convenient to buslneFs center.
FIRST COME FIRST SERVED.
J. S. MEYERS. 1002 Broadway.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. ™
' Paying millinery store. $5000.
Good-paying lodging house, $2000.
J. H. ED9ON 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR 6 months or longer: 12 rooms, well fur- i
nished- sunny front and back lawn; flowers; j
vines. IOT4 Franklin St.; 4 minutes to nar-
row-gauge station; call 11 to 6: references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. !
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the '
furniture denier. 11th and Franklin. Oakland, j
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS, I
— !
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141* Bth.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by ■
mall will not- be inserted. They must be handed j
in .it either of the imblication offices and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BETTENCOURT— In West Berkeley. June 29,
1599, to the wife of Joseph Bettencourt. a son.
FKLVEY— In this city. June 1, 1899, to the
xlfe of Joseph Felvey. a son.
DIED.
Berliner. Bernhardt . McGrath. Thomas E.
Doyle, Thomas J. Mellus, Gustavus B.
Eatwell. Charles Milliken. Isaac T.
1 Flood. Mary J. Moran, George D.
Furman. Manuelita Nau. P. .H. F.
Gibbons. Marie B. O'Connor. Thomas
Gill. Newton K. Perscheld. Marl*
Haase, Augusts Prendergast. Rodrev
Hopkins. Thomas Roche. Thomas W.
Kelly, Mary A. Romoser, Mary E» .
Mason. Edward Rourke, John
Malson. Henry A. Scott. Grace
Marks, Montague Stafford. John T.
3ERLINER— In this city, . Bernhardt Aaron
Berliner, . beloved son of Charles A. ana
Flora Berliner and brother of Arthur, Ruta
and Gertrude Berliner, aged 6 years 6 month*
and 10 days, a native of San Francisco.
DOYLE— In this city. July 3, 1899. at his re«V
dence. 2253 Mission street. Thomas J., be-
loved eon of Ellen and the late Rody Doyle
and brother of Margaret E. and John Doyle,
a native of San Francisco, aced 25 years.
m"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
"Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Chart**
Borromeo's Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwet] streets. Interment private.
f:atwf.LL— in this city. July 3. 1899, Charles,
beloved husband of Maria Eatwell, and father
of Mrs. Annie O'Connor and Rose and Lizzie
I-atwell, a native of Calm, England, aged S3
years l month and 2 days.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 161 Tehama street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FLOOD— In this city, July S. 189?. Mary Jo-
sephine (Miml) Flood, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Patrick and Lizzie Flood, In her 20th
year.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1312 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
hlKh mass will be celebrated for the repose of
h»>r soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIRMAN— In San . Joaquin County, June 80.
1599, Manuelita, beloved wife of the late Mat-
thew H. Furman and mother of Victor. Am-
paro, Charles, John, Arthur (deceased), and
of Henry M. and William H. Furman, a na-
tive of Los Angeles. Cal., aged 72 years.
(New York, Brooklyn and Los Angeles paper*
copy, i
GIBBONS— In this city, July 2, 1599. Marie
Raymond, wife of Dr. Henry Gibbon* Jr., a
native of Toledo. Ohio.
C?"Friend<? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from the First
Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets, Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
GILL— In Washington, Tolo County. Cal., July
4. 1899, Newton Knowles, son of H. D. and
Hattie GUI of Woodland. Yolo County, a
native of California, aged 3 months and IS
days.
HAASE— In this city, July 3. 1399. Auguste, be-
loved wife of Christian F. M. Haase, and
mother of Christina and Joseph Malta. Haase,
a native of Lauenburg. Prussia, Germany,
aged 50 years 6 months and 27 days. (New
York, Brooklyn and Louisville, Ky.. paper*
please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2128 Stockton street. Officers- and
members of Justice Circle No. 104, C. of F..
and Norddeutscher Frauen Vereln. are re-
quested to attend. Interment Odd Fellow*'
Cemetery.
HOPKINS— In this city. July 8. 1899, Thomas
Hopkins, beloved brother of John and Francis
Hopkins, a native of England, aged 70 years.
Remains at the parlors of the "Western
Addition Funeral Directors, 2428 ■ California
street. Interment private.
KELLY— In this city, July 4, 1899, Mary Ann.
beloved wife of the late Patrick Kelly,
mother of Mr*. T. B. O'Neill, J. W. and th»
late John Kelly, a native of County Meath.
Ireland, aged 75 years, i Amador County and
Stockton, Cal., papers please copy.)
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MASON— In this city, July 4. 1899. Edward, be-
loved son of Edward and Norah Mason, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and •
months.
MAISON— this city, July $, 18M, H«nry A.,
beloved son of the late Henry A. and Helen*
G. Maison, brother of Mrs. F. W. Thomaa
and Bernard and Louise Malson. and nephew
of B. H. Lucke and Leon A. Maison. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 21 years and I
months.
CT'The funeral will take place this day
at 2 o'clock, from the residence of his parent*.
117 Beulah street, between Frederick, and
Ktanyan. Interment private. Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MARKS— In Stockton. July J. I*M. Montague.
beloved husband of Rebecca Ina Mark*, and
father of Earle Marks, a native of Mel-
bourne, Australia, aged 42 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1515V4 Mission street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:80 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
McGRATH— In this city, July 4, 1899, Thoma*
E McGrath. dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet McGrath. and father of John. Margaret.
Agnes and Ethel McGrath, a native of
County Galway, Ireland.
MELLUS— In this city. July 1. 1898, Gustavus
8.. beloved husband of Ell«a Mellus, and
father of Mrs. Alice R. Carter, Mrs. Maude
Gazxale and Warren and Crosby Mellus, a
native of Maine, aged 78 years 6 months and
20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
MILLIKEN— In Berkeley, July 4, 1899. Isaac T.
Milliken. a native of Maine, aged 66 years.
E7"Frlends are invited to attend the
funeral services to-morrow (Thursday), at
2:30 o'clock, at I. O. O. F. Cemetery Chapel,
San Francisco.
MOHAN— In thin city, July 4, 1899, George
I>(»wey beloved son of Frank and Maggie
Moran, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 1 month and 10 days.
NAU— In Sausaltto, July 8, 1899. P. H. Fred-
erick Nau, beloved husband of the late Mary
A Nau and father of John 8.. Sidney J. and
Ada Nau and Mrs. George F. Folsom and
Mrs. James Guthrie, a native of Lubeck,
Germany, aged 62 years 1 month and 27 days.
IC^Frlends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1507 Montgomery street, thence to
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In Alameda. July 4. 18»S, Thomas,
beloved husband of Elizabeth L. O'Connor,
a native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
(rl^-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1001 Grand street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
PERSCHEID— In ' this city. July 2. 1899. Marie
Perscheld (.nee Joos). dearly beloved wife of
Gustave A. Perscheld. and mother of Gus-
tave A. Jr. and Johann W. Perscheld. a na-
tive of Hausen. Baden. Germany, aged 35
years.
EJ'Frlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Lea-
venworth streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
PRENDERGAST— this city. July 8, 1899,
Rodger Prendergast, a native of County Tlp-
perary. Ireland, aged (2 years.
CTThe funeral will take place . this day
(Wednesday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the Russ
House-, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem high mass wilt be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private, in- Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flower*.
ROCHE— In Newark, Cal.. July 8. 1899, Thorn**
"W beloved son of John and Ellen Roche,
and brother of Kathrlne and John Roche Jr.,
a native of Newark, Cal.. aged 14 year* 10
months and 18 days.
ROMOSER— In this city, July 4. 1899, Mary 8..
beloved wife of Henry Romoser and Bister
of Ellen Cotter of Boston, Mass., and James
Casey of New York City, a native of County
Waterford. Ireland, aged 41 year and 4
months.
(C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROURKE— In this city, July 8, IS9S, Joha
Rourke, dearly beloved «on of the late John
and Bridget Rourke and brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Danlelson, Mrs. William Casey and Cor-
nelius, Michael and Simon Rourke. a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years 11 months asA
23 days.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow"
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock from the residence
of his brother-in-law, William Danlelson, 6*
Colton street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
corner Howard and Tenth street*, for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCOTT— Entered into rest. In this city. July
2, 1899. Mrs. Grace Scott, widow of the late
George Scott, and mother of Mrs. Gay, Mrs.
Griffin and Thomas, Frank and Cephas Soott.
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 73 year*.
It^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Anna's
Chapel, Protestant Episcopal" Old Ladles'
Home. 2118 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
STAFFORD— In this city. July 3, ISM. John T.
Stafford, M.D.. a native of San Francisco.
aged 28 years and 3 months.
(CTFrlends are invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 1625 McAllister street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of- his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church . Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated In
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend. •: :•. .• -•'
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY & CO., , I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. i
Telephone, South 247. • |
1112
BELGIUM
ESCAPES A
REVOLUTION
The Socialists Have Bought
Arms to Overthrow the
Monarchy.
THEY MAY YET ACT
— —
For the Present the Premier Has
Bowed Before the Threatened
Storm.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor
dor, Bennett.
BRUSSELS, July -The Belgian
kingdom certainly escaped to-day a
great shaking up. The socialists, who
are admirably disciplined, had pur
chased firearms, collected stores of
every kind to fight the police, the con
stabulary and all representatives of
authority, and organize a real insur
rection, had M. Van den Peerboom'e
bill not been withdrawn. The danger
has subsided for the present. It is
thought, however, thai the special i
committee, to which the three alterna- \
tive bills have b^en referred, might fail ;
to agrree, and that a dissolution of Par- j
liament with an appeal in the country
on the question of universal suffrage
will come.
Should the commi - any ;
bill distasteful to the Socialists and
IJher surrection will only have
been postponed a few days, or weeks.
The opposition is in the greatest ear
nest ready to lose and spill I
v'hile the truce is complete, and
with the assistance of a downpou
rnln. Brussels to-night is
lively quiet, although the "Mai
lalse" and "O Van den Peerboom" are
freely sung under umbrellas.
The Brussels correspondent of the
Paris Figaro gives some striking offi
cial figures, which reveal in a clear ■
light the moving cause of th.- crisis
that has shaken Belgium to its center
and pt ill th revolution. The
Chamber of Deputies is composed of
■ mbei-p. The Government or Cler
ical vote at the lHst election
rosentatives in this body was 993,857,
while the opposition vote for Socialists
and Liberals together wslb 936,237.
On a fair, equitable system of repre
sentation this would give the Govern
ment about seventy- eight and the op-l
position seventy-four representatives,
;>r a meager majority of four for the
farmer. Now, as a matter of fact, the
Clericals have 11^ members and their
■ipponents only forty; that is to say,
while the Clericals outnumber the Lib
■rals and Socialists at th- polls by
fewer than 58,000 votes in the total vote
jf nearly 2,000,000, they outnumber them
In the Chamber by nearly three to 0n,..
Such is the practical effect of the
present system of proportionate repre
sentation arid plural voting since its
adoption some six years ago Thut sys
tern has been assailed bj Socialists and
[liberals and has even been dlsi
by moderate Clericals. The necessity of
reforming It has been 1 by
King Leopold, but the bill br
ward by Premier Van den Peerboom.
though ostensibly a reform measure, Is
really designed to make matters w
Its practical effect can only be to
strengthen the Clerical majority. That |
evidently is its purp<
That the Government has made not
only a mistaken but a dangerous move
in bringing it forward is sufficiently
shown by the serious crisis it has pre
cipitated. It has united Socialists and
Liberals in solid opposition, whose
strength and determination may well
cause the King as well as the Clerical
Premier great concern.
In the chamber at Deputies to-day
M. Van d»-n Peerboom, at the opening
of the session, reiterated the Govern
ment's strong desire to effect a con
ciliation and pacify the public mind.
He continued:
"The Government considers there is
ground for entertaining the counter- j
electoral proposals suggested by varl- i
ous members and submitting them to
a. committee on which all parties will
be represented. The Government, In
the meanwhile. Is prepared to consider
the necessary steps to accomplish the
desired understanding."
M. Van der Valede. Socialist, on be
half of the two parties of Leftists, sup
ported the ministerial proposal, which
he declared was equivalent to the with
drawal of the Government Bcheme. He
declared the parties of the Left would
remain united in order to combat any
attempt of the Government to resume
offensive tactics and to prevent any
fresh party coup.
M. Welste declared the Rightists
•would remain equally united for the
defense of the constitutional liberties.
ANTWERP, July 4.— At a meeting of
th© Provincial Council to-day a Coun
cilor belonging to the Left proposed a
resolution in favor of the rejection of
the new electoral bill. A Rightist Coun
cilor protested that the resolution was
a censure of the Government. This
was a signal for an uproarious out
burst In the public galleries, where
there were shouts of "Down with the
Government," "Down with the thieves,"
"Down with the priests" and the "Mar- ;
BelUalfle" was also sung.
Tea
If it's
Good Tea
you want —
Try
great Ammo tasting Tea Co'!
Hate xoo Stores —
Tbat*o Wliy
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES:
861 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 7 OS Larkin St
25 10. Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
3000 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
140 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery ay.
355 Hayes St. 218 lhird st.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
2008 Fillmorc St. 506 Kcarny St.
52 Market Street Headquarters.
OAKLAND STOKES:
!053WashingtonSt. 185 23dAve. "
1237 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— St.. near Fourth.
ALL HAWAII MOURNS THE
DEATH OF KAPIOLANI.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, -Tune 27.— Kaplolani,
Queen Dowager of the Hawaiian
Islands and relict of the late King
Kalakaua, quietly passed away at
8:45 on the morning of Saturday/ June
24, aged 63 years and 6 months. Her
as. Prince David and Prince Cu
pid. h- a r medical attendants, and a few
friends and relatives were at her bed
side.
The cause of death Is certified to as
uraemia, superinduced by a complica
tion of diseases and paralytic strokes.
For the past few weeks the Queen
iger's death had been almost daily
ted, and the calm and peaceful
ending of a noble and womanly life
brings a sorrowful solace without the
painful shock of unpreparedness.
Kapiolani way the third of that hame
t . leave an Indelible praiseworthy rec
ord in the pages of Hawaiian history.
The first Kapiolani to attract attention
in the earliest days of reliable tradition
after the semi-mythological period dis
-1 her independence of character
by violating the laws of tabu by eating
the forbidden fruit— the banana— the
exclusive property of the males, and
although her nobility of descent and
charm of character saved her own life,
the death of h°r guardian or tutor was
claimed in accordance with the lex
talionis of the age.
Th>- second Kapiolani, a relative of
the dead Queen Dowager, was the fa
mous Christian heroine who, in 1824,
acting under the civilizing influence of
the early American missionaries, defied
■ resumed supreme power of the
Hawaiian fire goddess Pele in the very
stronghold of her sulphurous domains.
rater of the living volcano, violat
ed an<l destroyed the tabus and by "one
of th<- greatest acts of moral courage
ever performed" most materially as
slsted In weakening the power of super
stition over the natives and in bringing
them by thousands into the folds of
( Ihristianity.
Thelatest and last of the noble-born of
the Kapiolanis — for she was the grand
daughter of Kaumualii, the last of the
famous Kings of Kauai— will be re
membered, apart from the interesting
incidents of her political career, not
only by her own Hawaiian people, but
by all who knew her as a woman of
HORSELESS
CARRIAGES
IN BATTLE
Spa* In! Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 4. — Though
aware of the advantages of horseless
carriages for the artillery service, the
Board of Ordnance and Fortifications
of the army has practically decided that
the vehicle has not yet been sufficiently
developed to warrant its adoption in
the military service. The board has
had under consideration a proposition
to construct an automobile for experi
mental purposes, an inventor having
announced that he has obtained a light
motor for driving the heavy carriage
necessary to accommodate a gun and
ammunition and stand the recoil of the
weapon after discharge. The advan
tages of the horseless carriage for ar
tillery service are so evident that if a
satisfactory vehicle could be found it
undoubtedly would be experimented
with.
There are disadvantages, however,
which the board has had to consider,
such as the comparatively short dis
tance the electric carriage would go,
the heavy weight of the storage batter
ies and the necessity of frequent re
charging and the difficulty of securing
a vehicle which, while of light weight,
could stand the wear and tear to which
an ordinary gun carriage can be put In
military operations.
If good roads were always assured
the board would quickly find a suitable
automobile, but in the operations in
the Philippines, for instance, it is
pointed out that good roads are the ex
ception, and, besides, it is often neces
sary to go at a sharp pace across fields
in which there are numerous gullies.
Nearly all the nations of Europe are ex
perimenting with horseless carriages
for the artillery service, but none, ac
cording to reports which have reached
here, have met with success as to de
termine it to replace its present car
riages with the new invention.
Military experts here believe that If
horseless carriages are adopted for the
American service they will be propelled
by steam or oil. By such means, it is
stated, enough fuel could be carried to
go a considerable distance and the dis
advantage of electric carriages of hay
THE HAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1899.
DEATH CHAMBER OF KAPIOLANI.
Photograph by J. J. Williams, Honolulu.
noble and generous character, Instinct
and impulses and a lovable person in
the home and domestic life, quiet and
unassuming, but with a reflective mind
and a firm temperament in business
and social matters. She will be en
throned in the hearts of Hawaiian wo
men as the originator and founder of
the Kapiolani Maternity Home and the
Kapiolani Home for C.lrls, while her
private gifts in charity were bounded
only by her means. She won honors,
too, as the ever faithful and loving
v. [fe and as a widow who honestly paid
off a great burden of debt bequeathed
to her by her husband. King Kalakaua,
whose extravagances were a memor
able feature ( ,f a reign which marked
the great commercial development of
Hawaii under the reciprocity treaty,
the herald of annexation tolling the
death bell of monarchy.
The late Queen Dowager Kapiolani
was born at Hllo, Hawaii, on December
31, L 835. Her father was Kuhio and
her mother Kinoike. both of the high
chieftain line of Kaual and Xiihau. At
eight years of age she was taken to
Koua, Hawaii, and lived with noble
families until she was sixteen, when
she W as brought to Honolulu, and at
the age of twenty married the high
chief Xamn.keha. To their charge
was intrusted the bringing up of the
heir to the throne, the Prince of Ha
waii, whose death led to the dynastic
changes in the ruling dynasty. Shortly
after her return from a voyage to Mi
cronesia with her husband on the
schooner Hoku An 'the death of her
husband left her a childless widow.
On Dr-cemher 19, 1863, she married
Kalakaua, a high chief in government
employ, but ignorant of the great fu
ture in store for him. In 1874 destiny
called Kalakaua to the throne and the
consequent coronation of Kapiolani as
Queen Consort. From that day she de
voted her best energies to the welfare
and social improvement of her people,
especially of the women and children,
and, being childless, she embraced the
whole nation as her family and loved it
dearly. Her visit to the United States
and Great Britain on the occasion of
Queen Victoria's Jubilee is still fresh In
the memory of the readers of The Call.
After the death of King Kalakaua, in
San Francisco in 1891, the Queen Dow
ager lived in peaceful retirement and
increased her interest in charitable and
beneficial duties. Since the revolution
of 1893 she has earned the good-will of
the party in power by a total absti
nence from even the slightest approach
ing to return to the charging stations
would thus be obviated.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN
IS AN IMPERIALIST
NBW YORK, July 4.— A Sun cable
from London says: A declaration of
immense importance concerning the
fate of the Philippines and all Asia
was made to-night by Cardinal
Vaughan, archbishop of Westminster,
at the Independence day banquet given
by the American Society in London.
There is good authority for saying that
his utterance is an authorized an
nouncement of the policy of the Roman
Catholic Church on the Far Eastern
question. When it is said that he as
tonished and electrified his audience by
his eloquent appeal to America and
England, in co-operation, to carry civ
ilization into Asia in opposition to Rus
sia it may easily be imagined what . a
sensation his words created.
Nor was his the only Imperialistic
speech of the evening. It was the key
note of every word spoken and the
spirit of imperialism aroused enthusi
asm surpassing anything witnessed at
former gatherings of Americans in Lon
don. The banquet was attended by the
largest and most representative assem
bly of Americans ever held in Europe.
LABOR AND MONEY
IN THE PHILIPPINES
MANILA, July 4.— To-morrow the
Bennington \y ill take Professor Schur
man. president of the United States Ad
visory Committee for the Philippines,
to Hongkong, from which point he will
sail to Japan to pay a short visit there
before leaving for the United States.
Admiral Dewey, Colonel Denby, Pro
fessor Worcester and Professor Schur
man will meet in Washington during
the autumn to compile a report of the
commission's labors.
The commission recently investigated
the question of currency and the Chi
nese problem as it presents itself here.
A large majority of business men wish
to continue on a silver basis. There are
a few, however, who favor a gold
basis or the adoption of the Japanese
system.
The Filipinos are anxious to exclude
Chinese labor on " the other hand,
many large employers prefer China
men, asserting that they are more effi
cient, although the element of cheap
ness doubtless influences this view.
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kat p & Street, tarn ale Grotto; nightly. •
to Interference •in politics and almost
to the extent of having to bear the si
lent reproach of many of her people
of being too friendly and too quietly
acquiescent In the revolutionary acts of
the Provisional Government and the re
public, which in turn dealt liberally to
ward her.
On being notified of the death of
Queen Kapiolani the Cabinet, in the
absence of President Dole from the
capital, immediately lowered the Stars
and Stripes on the executive and other
government buildings and notified the
foreign representatives, who promptly
half-masted their national flags. The
Cabinet extended the offer of all cour
tesies and assistance to the nearest rel
atives and representatives of the de
ceased, her nephews, Princes David
Kawananakoa and Kuhio (Cupid) Kal
anianaole, and tendered a State funeraJ.
Mr. J. O. Carter, on behalf of Queen
Liliuokalanl, also also promptly ex
tended every sympathetic assistance.
On Sunday last a special service was
held for mourners at the country resi
dence of the deceased, Pualellani. Wai
klkl, by Revs. Canon Kitcat and J. L.
Lane of the Anglican Church.
Natives and foreigners alike have
bpen streaming- by hundreds to Pualei
lanl to take floral offerings and to
mourn the pure-minded and womanly
Queen, and to-day the body is there
lying in state amid the blossoms of fra
grant flowers, the waving of kahilis and
the weird wailing of the Hawaiian
mourners. At midnight to-morrow the
body will be removed to Kawaiahao
Church, at the entrance to the city, and
will be in state there from 9 a. m. on
Friday until midnight of Saturday.
The State funeral, under the auspices
of the government, will take place on
Sunday, July 2, at 2 p. m.. with pomp
and ceremonies similar to those attend
ant upon the obsequies of the late Prin
cess Kaiulani and other royal prede
cessors.
The late Queen, having been an earn
est member of the Anglican Episcopal
< 'hurch. the principal officiant will be
the Bishop of Honolulu if his Lordship
can arrive from Kohala in time. All
the clergy of the city will be invited to
attend irrespective of creeds.
The lives of the Aliis of Hawaii are
drawing to a dose, and now but one
remains. "May God guard and bless
her to the end," is the prayer of her
loyal people, doubly loyal to her shorn
of her prerogatives and with their love
only as her chief solace in the hours of
her affliction.
SCIENTISTS
CAPTURE THE
SEA SERPENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 4.-What Is likely to
prove a star" attraction at the Aquarium
Is an ugly looking and evil tempered
.specimen of a Bermuda moray, or sea eel,
which reached the Aquarium yesterday,
along with various other curious speci
mens from southern waters. The ship
ment, was by the Quebec line steamship
Orinoco, which arrived during the day.
The big eel, or "sea serpent," as it has
been called, was captured in a coral reef
cave off Bermuda, through the efforts of
Professor Charles L. Bristol, of the bio
logical department of the New York Uni
v.-rsity, who sailed for Bermuda last
May, accompanied by six of the univer
sity students, their purpose being to make
a study of the interesting and great va
riety of flsh which inhabit southern
waters.
This sea eel owes its chief distinction to
its size. It measures seven feet in one
direction and about eight inches in an
other. Several others have been on ex
hibition, but none of them could equal in
size the overgrown specimen which was
installed la its tank yesterday. After
sliding into its new home it wriggled and
sji); -lied and darted about for a quarter
of an hour, and then, having satisfied it
self of the extent and boundary of its new
and narrow world, it stretched out its
seven feet of vertebrae and went philo
sophically to sleep.
The moray was brought here In an es
pecially contrived tank, the Ship's pumps
furnishing a constant supply of fresh sea
water. It Is said the big eel 1b known to
the negro fishermen of Bermuda and the
Bahamas as the "devil's terror." It.s
mouth, which is somewhat like an alli
gator's in general shape, Is fitted with
sharp, sawlike teeth, slanting backward.
During its stay at the Aquarium, which
probably will be for the rest of its life, it
will be." as far as la possible, fed on such
fish as it was accustomed to prey upon be
fore fts capture.
See
Dozier. Lawton, Ward, Irwln, Ross, Bar
ney, Levy, Mendoza, Caro/ Harris, Gil
more. Parker, Will Brown, Ed Lancaster,
Ed Anderson, Buahnell. Miller, Ferrari,
Ed Jones. Stanley, Wesley, Allen. In fact,
all the best amateur male cakewalkers
will be seen at International Cakewalk
Carnival, Mechanics' Pavilion, July 15
to 22. ••
■ ♦ ■ : _
The oldest iron vessel in the world Is
the Michigan. built in 1844.- --• •
CALIFORNIA
BOYS WILL
SOON SAIL
Brigadier General James F.
Smith to Bring the Reg
iment Home.
PRESIDENTS WORK
Acting as Commander-in-Chief and
as His Own Secretary
of War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
July 4. — The War Department has re
ceived the following message from
General Otis:
MANILA, July 4.— Adjutant General,
Washington: The California Infantry
and Artillery, to the number of fourteen
hundred, and discharged men will take
the Sherman now loading at Negros for
hbme. The Warren takes the Colorado,
1100 men. I am now preparing papers. It
is difficult to lighter transports in the ty
phoon now prevailing. The Grant 1b un
loaded and in four days will take on the
Idaho, North Dakota and Wyoming, six
ty-five officers and 1500 men, with other
discharged men. s
"The President shall be the com
mander in chief of the army and navy
of the United States and of the mili
tia of the several States when called
into the actual service of the United
States."
When the President was asked by a
friend the other day why he did not
leave the details of the pending war to
hi.s subordinates and take a vacation
he replied by quoting this sentence
from the constitution of the United
States.
In further explanation he said:
"How can I take to the woods while
there is so much to be done toward
raising and looking after the army in
the Philippines and in carrying out the
obligations imposed upon me by the
constitution? It is my desire that the
army in the Philippines shall be the
best in the world, that General Otis
shall have everything he requires for
the comfort of his troops, and that
there shall be nothing lacking to bring
the campaign to a speedy and success
ful termination. I am not giving any
thought to the question of vacation
now and will not until General Otis 1 re
inforcements are well under way and
all arrangements have been made for
the return of the volunteers."
Few persons are aware of the close
personal attention which the Presi
dent gives to every detail of the Phil
ippine campaign. With the anomalous
condition of affairs existing in the War
Department because of the friction be
tween the Secretary of War and Gen
eral Miles, resulting in the army hav
ing a commanding general who does
not command and a Secretary of War
who, whatever he may have been when
the blunders were committed at the be
ginning of the war, is now a mere fig
urehead, the responsible work of or
ganizing and maintaining the army in
the Philippines falls upon the Presi
dent and Adjutant General Corbin, and
much that might be done by subordi
nates of the War Department the Pres
ident has to do himself.
There is not an order issued that he
does not have cognizance of, and he
frequently writes orders himself. He is
in the war telegraph room of the White
House many times during the day and
night, reading telegrams to and from
General Otis and studying the war map,
which is corrected every time there is
a battle or a change of troops in the
Philippines.
The wire which conveys messages
from the War Department to General
otis is, so to speak, tapped in the White
House, where every message to or from
otls is taken off for the personal infor
mation of the President. Messages
which come from General Otis at night
are frequently received and translated
in the White House and read to the
President before the officials in the War
Department know anything about
them.
So familiar has the President been
with the details of the Philippine cam
paign that he knows the location of
every regiment in the islands, and can
tell by name every volunteer regiment
that is coming home, the transport on
which it will sail, the transports which
will be available for carrying additional
troops to Manila and every detail In
connection with the organization of the
volunteers now being enlisted.
As an illustration of the care he gives
to the minutest details I was told to
day that the President had given orders
for the purchase of one additional
transport in order to make sure there
may be no delay in sending reinforce
ments to General Otis and in bringing
back the volunteers. He had been
studying a detailed list of transports
furnished by the Quartermaster's De
partment. It gave the names of avail
able transports and of the troops to go
from San Francisco and to be brought
back from Manila, with the dates on
which the regiments will sail. The ar
rangement appeared to be perfect, for
every regiment had been provided for,
but the President observed that no pro
vision had been made for possible acci
dents, and to be on the safe side at once
gave orders for one extra transport for
emergency. • -
This, 1 am told, is characteristic of
the President in dealing with all the
plans of the Department of War for
caring for the Philippine army. That
the army there has been so well pro
vided and that such a large number of
troops have been sent so many miles
and many of them brought home with
out any other trouble is, I am told by
officials of the War Department, large
ly due to the foresight the President
has shown in providing for emergen
cies.
It Is said at the War Department that
the return of the volunteer organiza
tions from the Philippines will have no
effect on the rank of the volunteer gen
eral officers now on duty there. The
number of general officers depends, not
on the particular organizations in
the service, but on the total number of
men. The law provides f*>i one major
general to every 12.000 men. There will
be in the joint establishment, when the
present recruiting arrangements are
completed, about 75.000 men. There are
now three major-generals in the regu
lar establishment— Miles, Merritt and
Broo ke— and in the volunteers Shafter.
Otis. Lawton and McArthur. This ar
rangement will probably stand, as there
is a fraction over the quota of men for
six major-generals. There are now on
duty in the Philippines the following
brigadiers in the order of seniority
named: Bates. Young. Schwan, Hal!.
Wheaton, Grant. Hughes and Oven
shine. It is understood that these will
all retain their commands. It is not
believed the increase in the joint estab
lishment will necessitate the appoint
ment of any more brigadier-generals,
there already being a surplus in Cuba
and elsewhere who have been cared for
under the provision of the six months'
volunteer law.
Generals Funston, Smith and Hill arc.
ordered home so that they are removed
from consideration so far as the cam
[ paign in the Philippines is concerned.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ ___^«~~
JULYjAp.
During this month our customers
will find Extraordinary Bargains
in all our Departments.
FOUR EXTRA VALUES.
TAFFETA SKIRTS.
15 dozen LADIES' TAFFETA SiLK SKIRTS (extra quality),
with 4 ruffes on each, in the following colors: Purples, .*
Cyrano, New Blue, Cardinal, Lavender, Cerise and
Turquoise.
Price $6™ Each.
Good value for $8.50.
GALATEA CLOTH.
3 cases ENGLISH PRINTED GALATEA, full 29 inches wide,
in fancy stripes and plain. colors.
Price me Yard.
Worth 20a
FRENCH ORGANDIES.
50 pieces PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, in a splendid
assortment of new floral designs, goods full 32
inches wide.
Price 12^c Yard.
Regular price 20c Yard.
MERSIL LININGS.
150 pieces GENUINE MERSIL DRESS LININGS (36 inches
wide), in all the new colors, such as New Blues, Green*
Purples, Turquoise, Cyrano and Black.
Price Yard.
Good value for 200 Yard.
NOTE...
We will also continue this week our Special Sal*
of FINE WHITE EMBROIDERIES.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
QUAI FEARS
ENEMIES IN
THE SENATE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, July 4.— A rumor
Is current in Quay circles that Gov
ernor Stone will, immediately after the
November election, call a special ses
sion of the Legislature to elect a
United States Senator. When the Gov
ernor appointed former Senator Quay
to succeed himself he had no intention
of calling the present Legislature Into
session to continue balloting for a Sen
afbr. He asserted that it would be a
useless expenditure of the State's
money to reassemble the members, be
cause there was no sign that they
could break the deadlock. Moreover,
the former Senator's friends thought he
would be seated.
Since then there have been develop
ments which have led the Quayites
to believe that an extra session of the
Legislature should be called to fill the
Senatorial vacancy. They are not
as confident as they were that he will
be given his seat as United States Sen
ator upon the appointment of the Gov
ernor. They were dismayed when they
received the Herald-Call's recent poll
of the Senate, which showed that
thirty-three are in favor of seating
Quay, thirty-one against and fifteen
doubtful, while seven could not be
reached. To secure favorable consider
ation of his case Quay would have to
secure eleven of the doubtful or miss
ing Senators, which will be a difficult
undertaking, because of the twenty
two many are inclined to the opinion
that perhaps it would be better for the
Republican party in Pennsylvania if
former Senator Quay were eliminated
from leadership in the party organiza
tion of this State.
It is admited that a large vote for
the State Republican ticket in Novem
ber may benefit the former Senators
with those Senators who have not made
up their minds yet whether it would
help the party in Pennsylvania to ad
mit him into the Senate on the ap
pointment of the Governor. With this
i condition of affairs staring th^> former
Senator in the face, it is thought it
would be better to try his chances
again with the State Legislature. His
lieutenants assert that since the for
mer Senator's acquittal of the charge
of using State funds there has been' a
change of sentiment among the so-call
ed "insurgent" members of the Legisla
ture, which they say will increase by
the time of the extra session so as t<
insure his election.
They say that an "insurgent" mem
ber of the House, representing a coun
ty adjoining Philadelphia, and twe
members from a northeastern count]
who opposed Quay, are ready to sup
port him if an extra session is called.
The greatest reason why the Quayites
wish to tho struggle for the Senat
orship by extra session if they can is
to avoid injecting Quay's candidacy In
to the election for members of the Leg
islature in 1900. Even if the former
Senator is seated it will only be until
the next Legislature elects for the full
term, and his friends fear that the
thirteen votes which he lacked in thf
last session will be still lacking in the
next Legislature and that the "insur
gents" may even be able to elect theii
candidate. ___________
"Car* stop here." this Is the pign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does It for them;
Opposite "Call Bids." 'tis a gem.
AGUINALDO WILL
HOLD THE PRIESTS
MANILA, July 4. — The negotiations be
tween the Spanish officers and Aguinaldo
at Tarlac concerning" the Spanish pris
oners in the hands of the Fillplnoa nave
resulted In a partial agreement. Accord
ing to unofficial reports th« Insurgents
have promised to release the sick sol
diers, who number several hundred, and
the civil officials, but they intend to keep
the friars, expecting the church will fin
ally pay a heavy ransom-
It is reported that civilian prisoners are
being concentrated at Tarlao and Aparrl.
as well as some of the other port* re
cently opened, from which they can be
shipped to Manila. The Spaniards assert
that the Filipinos are Impressing all the.
military prisoners Into engineering:, hospi
tal and clerical work.
Granted Hawaiian Registry.
HONOLULU,' Jun© 27.— The Honolulu
Circuit Court has ordered Collector O«n
--eral Ivers to register the Star of France.
owned by Lenold D. Spencer, as a Ha
waiian vessel. The indications ar« that
the several other vessels which have
sought the cover of the Hawaiian n_c
since annexation, and about which there
has been much litigation, will be granted
like privileges.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|«» FREE
• 1 «€L TREATMENT and
VgK _nd I farV% __■»__■*_■_-_■
jULuJZ MEDICINE
1 ««§|L DISEASES THAT CURES
F^b ■ Catarrh, Deafness,
» 4HJ-PI 1 Noises in Ears and
v^Jp^liT Throat Dlsea3e
PaPPT 1 | ! with my new m-
r Jfi i'l h ventlon and special
\ /I 1 ' '* £ ANTISEPTIC CHEM-
\ r rmW I ICALS many marvel-
V |L> k>.l ous cures are obtaln-
\ t&ZLS ed> and usually in
at = s=^ persons who have
; tried all other treatments. ■ Harmless, healing.
i and so easy a child can use It. In 2000 test
eases over 95 per cent successful. Hundreds of
I Indorsements.. But the best way is to try it
and be convinced while you can FREE!
AY. C. KOSELLO. 1105 Hyde St., say»: "I
have now used your Antiseptic treatment for
catarrh and throat trouble but two weeks with
surprising benefit. I never saw anything equal
It. I am sure it will cure."
DR. ROBERT AITKIN, Wilcox, Arts., says:
"The two Antiseptic Inspirators recently re-
ceived are giving perfect satisfaction. Send
me two more C. O. D., and oblige."
DR 1... E. BOOTH of Chicago, says: "My
; wife has used your Antiseptic treatment for
i catarrh, deafness and bronchitis with perfect
fact! on. It's the only treatment that cures.
, It is entirely different and far superior to
i other like treatments. • Nothing- so satisfac-
I tor}' ' Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
: 632 Market Street, opp. Palace.
Hours. 9-11 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m. ■ •
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY, |
\ \A / VL./ PLATES.. 94.OO op J&»
i <£2 v VW/:/'l - . FILLINBB...MBiib2'»
•<=s CROWNS. $1 50 np JS^
~l^ "^r^2l*SiKyJ??""***'* A written car- gj*
toi —^ r &*^'2f<~> ante* for ten jj*
*fSi *^w- J^v^V^ y earß with «ach gj»*
jS P»inlet» Extr-etiongP
j5 «W m electricity our 3^
«~gjp Open Evenings and Sundays. S*
tOpen Evenings and PARLORS. *X*
v_A.isr vroom s=;
ELECTRO -DENTAL PARLORS, **--»
997 MARKET, CO It. SIXTH. £»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to U6O day:
16 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grata* la •vmrg
room; elevator runs ail nlfht.