VOLUME L.XXXVI-NO. 169.
BRITISH TROOPS AND BOERS
ARE FIGHTING AT CLOSE RANGE
Investing Forces at Ladysmith Approach Within
Fifteen Hundred Yards of the Defensive Lines.
English War Office Yet Refuses to Give
Out the News.
SBAN, Sunday, Nov. 12.— 1t is rumored here that Commandant General Joubert of
the Boer forces is dead.
1 he Times of Natal publishes a telegram from Lourenzo Marquez saying that Gen
eral Joubert was killed in action on Thursday, November 9.
British Troops on the March to the Relief of Mafeking.
LONDON', Nor. -16.— The
impenetrable veil of silence
as to the movements of the
British troops in Natal and Cape
Colony continues, but this must
not be taken to mean that there
is nothing important happening.
On the contrary the very reverse
may well be the case.
When war began news of the
fighting at Dundee was being
sold on the streets of London
while the battle was actually go
ing on, by cable time. Lack of
news from I smith is not now
owing to defective means of com
munication, but simply to the fact
that practically no information as
to military movements is allowed
to come through. General Duller
and Sir George White are once
more in direct communication
with each other.
The messages of last Friday
reporting a continuation of the
'ineffective bombardment are the
last news received from Lady
smith. Even the Boers do not
claim much for their bombard
ment. In a Pretoria dispatch it
is stated that the investing forces
are # at one point within 1500
yards of the defensive lines of
Ladysmith. This would require
very strong confirmation. Fif
teen hundred yards is the com
mencement of what is technically
known as "decisive ranges" of
fiel I artillery firing shrapnel
shells. It is quite apparent that
the Boers have a heap of respect
for those missiles.
Heliograph messages Friday
have reported that the British
position was not affected by the
bombardment. Still it seems evi
dent that the investment has be
come closer and the Boers bolder.
An important fact is mentioned
by the Daily Telegraph's war cor
respondent, which, if confirmed,
would seem to indicate the begin
ning of the end in Natal. He says
that the Free State burghers are
returning home. It has been sus-.
The San Francisco Call
• 1 that the besieging army of
!'.<>er< must be feeling somewhat
tely the pressure of hunger.
Their commissary arrangement s
have been exposed to a heavy
strain, with only a single railway
connecting them with their base.
The Free Staters also have only
one railway to Harrismith and
are afraid thai < .cn-ral l'.uller
may l.c advancing on the ( Hraige
republic from the south.
News of the fighting from
Mafekinp shows that the Strug
s' W- there has been fierce. Colonel
Baden-Powell is reported as hold
ing lii - own np to the 6th. Kim
ntinued tnenect
imbardment All is well on
thr northern Cape frontier. There
i*- no material change, so far
as known. From the transports
which have arrived within the
past week more than 18.000 men
have been added to the strength
of the P.ritish force.
The total British casualties, so
far as at present known, amount
To 2362. The killed are reported
afl 267 and the missing 1202.
CANNONADING CEASED AND
RIFLE FIRE COMMENCED
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 10.— A dispatch re
ceived here from Pretoria under date of
Thursday, November 9. says the reports
received there i from Ladysmlth said
heavy cannonading started at daybreak,
and thnl some of the Boer forces were
within i.vw yards of the British, when
the cannonading ceased and rifle fire com
menced.
The Pretoria dispatch also announces
that all was quiet at.Mafcklng and Klm
berley.
An undated dispatch from Mafeklng. re
ceived by a runner via Magalapye, Wed
nesday, November 8, says:
•'To-day all is quiet. We have been
bombarded pretty heavily all week. Fri- j
day night Captain Fitz-Clarenoo and
Lieutenant Swinburne, with a squadron
of the Protectorate Regiment, made a
magnificent bayonet charge upon the
Boers' intrenchment, driving them from
tb'-ir positions and bayoneting numbers
of the Boers, who must have lost very
heavily. The charge was most gallant
and determined. The - party could not
hold the trenches and lost six men killed,
two prisoner* and nine wounded In their
regiment- We expect another attack to
morrow. The bombardment has been
most Ineffectual. Every one remains un
der shell-proof cover. So far the shells
have only wounded one man.
"The enemy is using one 94-pound How
itzer and seven other guns from' 7 to 14
pounders. The town is most cheerful and
determined. to resist attack to V» utmost^
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1899.
; The Boers are intrencfied on every s,lde
In great numbers and are pushing grad
ually closer and closer to the town forti
fications. Wo are well off for provisions
and water. though tired dodging shells
and lighting. Quite on civilized lines.
General Cronje has always given due no
tice :of ■ bombardment and allowed an
ambulance party two hours on Saturday
to recover the bodies of six dead left in
the vicinity of the Boer trenches. On
Friday night Jan Botha, the well-known
Boer commandant, told a man with the
ambulance party that their loss had been
very heavy and that his heart was very
sore. The wounded Included Captain
FitS-Clarence and Lieutenant Swinburne
both slightly.
"In a skirmish at the outposts yester
day one trooper was killed and nine were
wounded. Only tlfty-flve men of I) squad
ron were engaged in the attack, though
they wero assisted by the Hanking fire of
a gun of the Cape police. The Boers
', made a desperate attempt to drive back
the British and their rear trenches opened
: 11 terrific fire in every direction, the flash
of the rifles lighting up the entire posi
tion. a hall of bullets rattled off the
roofs of the houses of the town. Upon
completing a circuit of the Boer front and
the line of trenches, the British with
drew in Independent lines of retreat, cov
ered by the flank tire from the Cape po
lice. The Boers continued to volley at
Intervals during the night. The Boer loss
is estimated at 100 killed and wounded.
The Boer commander Informed the officer
In charge of a flag of truce that ho esti
mates the attacking squadron at 1000 and
was not aware that the British force at
Marking was so large. The Boers were
observed from Mafeking burying their
dead all day long."
BRITISH TROOPS FOR THE
RELIEF OF LADYSMITH
LONDON, Nov. 15.— 1t was officially an
nounced that the British transport
Goorkha, with the First Brigade staff,
the Third Battalion of Grenadiers ana a
attachment of the Royal Engineers, the
transport Manila, with the Second Devon
phir*-s. ami the transport Nomadic, with
thoir mounts, have arrived at <"ap»" Town.
Tho transport Britannic, with the Royal
Irish Kln>s. has nailed from Cape Town
fof Ka.st London.
Th.- troopship Hawarden Castle, with
the Second Hattalion of the Royal I,
Ku^ilft-rs. has arrived at Durban
in* th<« number of relnforcrmi ■»
have landed there up to 5227. F*l\ ,r
troopships are now en route fron.
Town to Durban.
The total reinforcements that have ar
rived In South Africa since Friday are
19.000 men. chiefly Infantry, nearly 13.000
horses and mules, three batteries of field
artillery and a number of qulck-liring
Maxim *un*.
Th«» fact that the. Britannic proceeded
for Eaat London Is taken to mean that
General Buller is satisfied that the trocps
which have already landed or are now on
the way to Durban will be sent to carry
out his plans for the relief of Ladysmlth.
GENERAL CRONJE'S
TACTICS AT MAKEKING
LONDON. Nov. 15— A dispatch to the
Dally Mall from Mafeking, sent by way
of Magalpie. because the runners sent
southward were unable to traverse the
Boer lines, gives an Interesting account
of the fighting during the last week In
October. The correspondent says:
"Alter the failure to ruah. the towi±
General Croiij,. had recourse to the tactics
employed during the siege of ' Potchef
stroom in ISO, making an advance to the
town by a succession of trenches In eche
lon. Such a movement had been antici
pated l v us for some time and for that
reason there had been sent out parties to
worry the Boers incessantly by night at
tacks. These tactics the enemy disliked,
but he contented • himself with a daily
shell lire, which exposed him to little per
sonal risk. Then Colonel Baden-Powell
played his trump card by sending out
Fltz-Clarence's party to worry the occu
pants of the trenches. The little force
stole out silently In the darkness. No
shot was fired and the men, with fixed
bayonets, creeping rather than walking
along, approached the chief Boer position
near the racecourse. Then as they closed
in there was a shrill screech. It was
Fitz-Clarence's whistle and the signal for
onslaught. A ringing cheer, which the
listeners back In camp caught up, was the
only reply as the party dashed into the
trenches. There was a short struggle, the
attacking forces catching and bayoneting
Boers under the tarpaulins where they
crouched. crying for mercy. At least fifty
bayonets ~M to work, and the havoc they
wrought was terrible.
'"For just a moment there was no sys
tematic return tire, but then a pi
hailstorm of bullets poured in from the
tr. n< hes to the rear. Again Fitz-ciar
ence's whistle sounded. It meant 'cease
firing and scatter homew; •■ rd .' The British
forces scattered, creeping back under the
furious nre In the darkness to the ap
pointed rendezvous, where the roll was
called.
"Colonel Baden-Powell met and congrat
ulated Captain Fitr-Olarence and his men
upon their splendid work, saying that it
was a heavy price to pay. but th.'it the
Boors had to be stopped making rifle
trenches within the range of the town.
The mßmbtrs of the party are now the
envy and pride of the garrison.
"Even the Boer commander. Botha, ex
pressed admiration of the attack. ' and
added that he would take Mafeklng before
long, for he meant to do one thing or the
other quickly. Sunday parsed quietly, the
volunteer hand playing In the woman's
laager. All Sunda> night the Boers potted
a rifle fire into the town. It was set going
after Sunday evening, when Colonel H.i
den-Powell hoisted a red lamp on the
i- mmonaga, which was the signal for
c.iptaln Kitz-Clarence's night attack. The
ruse answered splendidly The moment
light appeared the Boers opened fire
.id their fusillade lasted the whole night
through.
"There haa been a tremendous was to
of ammunition. Indeed, it is estimated
that 3<».OOO rounds of ball cartridges ware
wasted on the occasion of the night at
tack on the Boer tranches. Double rations
have been served out to the men. who are
under shelter, so as to be on the safe side
If the Boers should sweep the town by a
long rifle fire. The garrison Is hanging
on finely. Colonel Baden-Powell has the
fullest confidence In everybody, and es
pecially in the matter of Implicit obedi
ence to the order to hold the nre until the
Boers get to close range.
"The shelling continued all Sunday at
intervals. About 4 o'clock In the after
noon General Cronje sent a flag of truce,
(riving Mafeking a last chance to surren
der at the eleventh hour. While the flag
was receiving attention the heavy bom
bardment continued."
The dispatch then describes Genera.
Cronje's great attack of Monday, the de
tails of which have already been ob
tained from Colonel Baden-Powell's offi
cial dispatch.
"The end came." says the correspond-
Continued on Second Pag*.
MILLIONS MULTIPLY FOR
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
LELAND STANFORD.
boiobvHOROHOEOBOHOEOBOaoevbobvac-si <:>■ <:•■<:•■•:•■•:• ■o■ &■ «■ ■:• ■:■ ■: s: ■: i: a: m ■: ■ ■
a 2
I ENDOWMENT OF LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY. S
5 Cash from sale of— • ■
? 283,000 shares of Southern Pacific stock at $40 per share $11,320,000 ■
o 10,000 shares Central Pacific stock at $25 per share ' 250,000 5
■ 10,000 shares Central Pacific stock at $57 per share 570,000 ■
o Market Street Railway stock 1,500.000 B
■
■ ' Cash endowment $13,640,000 ■
a 2
§ ESTIMATED CASH VALUE OF UNSOLD INTERESTS. I
■ 2
o One-fourth interest in Pacific Improvement Company $7,000,000 c
<> 20,000 shares Southern Pacific stock (unsold) 800,000 c
0 •
1 Total i $7,800,000 !
■ REAL ESTATE. I
■ £
§ Palo Alto Ranch > 8,000 acres >-
li Vina Ranch 55,000 acres °
% Ridley Ranch : 21,000 acres |
§ Stanford mansion and grounds, San Francisco and Sacramento. o
£ Estimated value of above real estate $4,300,000 2
S " 1
o Total actual endowment . , .... $25,740,000 2
DISPATCHES published exclusively |
In an edition of The Call yesterday
convey* d to the public the first
• news that Mrs. Stanford had sold i
her Southern Pacific stock for a sum ex
ceeding 111.000.000. The Intelligence pro
duced a profound and gratifying sensa
tion throughout the State. The news
comprised highly acceptable reading, as
every town In California manifests a keen
i interest in the growth and development
I of Stanford University.
Additional advices by wire from New
York corroborate The Call's story In all
I the essential particulars.
The number of shares of Southern Pa
cific stock sold by Mrs. Stanford was
283.000. The Huntlngton-Speyer syndicate
paid $40 par share.
Yesterday word was received by wlr»»
that Mrs. Stanford had transferred $11.
1 000.000 to the endowment fund of the uni
versity. Mrs. Stanford still retains 20.000
shares of Southern Pacific stock, wnich
She can readily sell for $SOO.OOO. but the
shares may be so joined with others trat
she cannot now place the remaining block
on the market.
From inside sources The Onll ascertains
that Mrs. Stanford sold a portion of her
20.000 shar- of Central Pacific stock for
$25 per share. When she sold the residue
the price paid by the purchaser was $37 J
per share. It Is ascertained from trust
worthy sources that the sum she derived
from Central Pacific holdings approxi
mated J. 520.000. From the sale of her Mar
ket-street Railway stock the sum of $1.
500.000 was derived. The Call Is Informed
that the proceeds of the Central Pacific
and Market-street loldtngs were also
conveyed to the university endowment
fund.
It is known that Mrs. Stanford still
retains a one-fourth interest in the
Pacific Improvement Company. News
that will surprise and gratify all
those interested in the university is
now coming to light. The Call ascer
tains that her one-fourth interest in
the Pacific Improvement Company is
worth at least $7,000,000 and may
produce an ultimate cash return of
$10,000,000.
The company was established r>y Le
land Stanford. Charles Crocker, C. P.
Huntlngton and Mark Hopkins as the
bank of the great railroad corporation.
Each one of the founders took 25 per cent
of the stock. The operations of the bank
were vast and varied. At one time,
when C P. Hunttngton was employing
r\t>ry resource of personal energy and
mental skill to meet the demands of the
Government and other creditors, the ob
ligations resting on the Pacific Improve
ment Company were tremendous. One
could hardly believe, even after Inspect
ing the records of financial transactions,
that a single company could borrow as
much money as the Pacific Improvement
Company was obligated to pay.
Readers are advised to bear in mind
that the Santa Fe. I'nion Pacific, North
ern Pacific and many other railroad cor
porations succumbed to the pressure and
consented to settlement by appointment
of receivers. At this time C. P. Hunting
ton, Mrs. Stanford and the sons of
Charles Crocker resolved to raise the
money to meet every obligation, redeem
every bond and pay to the t'ntted States
every dollar of principal and Interest.
even if the payment required a pledge of
their personal fortunes. When the de
mand for money was greatest C. P. Hun
tlngton mortgaged his New York man
sion. At that time he secured assurance
that the Cn«kers were ready to assist
with their real estate and personal prop
erty—ln fact, were ready to pledge their
private fortunes.
It is a matter of history that the Gov
ernment was paid In full. There was no
Continued on Second race.
Revelations of Mrs. Stanford's
Wealth in the Pacific Im
. provement Company.
Seven Millions May Be Added to Previous
Estimates of the University's Cash
Endowment—Transfer of Money
Derived From Southern
"301110 OIOCKi
EXAMINER AGAIN CAUGHT
STEALING THE NEWS
OAKLAND SIRANGt
THOMAS' SLAYERS
STILL AT URGE
West Oakland Saloonkeeper.
Shot- by Bandits,
Is Dead.
HE *fIE*AmS UNCONSC
THREE STAGES IN AN EXAMINER NEWS THEFT.
The three clippings represented above *re from the fourth
page of yesterday's Examiner. That on the left shows a corner of
the page as finished for the street sales and Oakland patrons. That
in the middle shows the same corner of the same page as re-made
for country circulation and generally for city subscribers. Both of
these pages were sent from the Examiner pressroom and circulated
before the news thieves obtained a copy of The Call and discovered
that this paper contained the exclusive news of Mrs. Jane Stan
ford's tremendous sale of Southern Pacific stock in New York. All
haste was then made to the Examiner office, the presses were
stopped and a new page prepared. The third clipping on the right
shows the theft of the Important item stolen from The Call.
THE Examiner la Improving Xl sens* of what constitutes the news. *v»n
if it is not advancing above the low plane of Its morals. It la a matter
of public Interest to announce that the Examiner stole from The Call
the Important Item telling of Mrs. Jane Stanford'!* gigantic sale of
Southern Pacific stock to the Huntington-Speyer combination. This
theft Is worthy of comment simply because It demonstrate* that the
yellow sheet will publish legitimate news If such news can "n- stolen. It N m
acknowledgement of the fact that »he energy of honest newsgatherers and th*»
success of their efforts are recognized ivcn In the curiosity shc>r> nf t h»» Kt
aminer.
When The Tall gave exclusive publication to the fact of the absorption of
the T'nlon Iron Works by a mammoth trust, the Examiner strove, with every
effort peculiar t<> Itself, to discredit the news. After floundering In Its own fail
ure It wan forced to admit the truth of wht. The Tall had published several
days before. Since then the yellow sheet has displayed a certain Improvement.
When It finds Itself outclassed In a service which It pretends to render the
public It will su i\ what It cannot honestly obtain.
With this policy The rail Is not particularly concerned. It has no protec
tion against such larcenies, anil It .s pleased to see even in fh" Kxnmlner some
legitimate news. It would be better pleased, as an agent wishing to see the.
regeneration even of thieves, to record a further reformation In the Exam
iner. The Tall would consider It sn act of common decency and emmrtmf If
the Examiner would give credit to The fall whenever a news Item of Import
ance Ik taken from this paper. The yellow sheet finds such a necessity nearly
every day. and an admission of the fact would be accepted as a pledge of oth
er honesty.
It is the business of The Pall to publish the news, and this latest triumph
Is another indication that the business, as conducted by The Crill. |* a «uic
cess. It Is a matter of Interest, therefore, to tell how the Examiner obtaVnel
the r.e vs of the great transaction in which Mrs. Stanford figures as a princi
pal. The Call had exclusive information from New York. The Examiner knew
n-ihlnt; of the affair. The Pall appeared on the streets yesterday morning
and was read by members of the Examiner staff.
When thes». worthy orn.-fnents of the yellow sheet discovered that they
nad nothing of the Stanford sensation they rushed back to the Examiner
pressroom and stopped the presses while the stolen news was being filched
from The Call and prepared for the Examiner. The presses had not been
stopped soon enough, however, as the street and country editions, without the
stolen dispatch, had already escaped. The best of a bad situation was accept
ed, however, and the stolen news was sold to seme of the local subscribers
of the yellow sheet. After resorting to these desperate measures to MNM
another humiliating defeat the Examiner might have had at least the gra
clousness to give credit to The Call. It may perhaps admit now what The Call
Is in a position to prove— that It did not receive from New York a line of the
dispatch which gave an outline of the Stanford sale.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SOUGHT AN
INTERNATIONAL
WIRE COMBINE
The Germans, However.
Wanted Major Part
of the Profits
MORt SUBSIDIES l' r '
•••nission* *
MRS. STANFORD
SELLS ALL HER
SOUTHERN STOCK
Receives Eleven Million
Four Hundred Thou
sand
HUNTINGTON THE BUYF'
••«#rs Figur* ii»2
GOVERNMENT DECIDES
TO PURCHASE BONDS
Offers Market Value for Twenty-Five
Million Dollars of Its Own
Paper.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The Secretary of the Treasury late thin after- A
noon made the following announcement of Ma readiness to buy $25,000,000 O
worth of 5 pet cent United Suios bonds of 1904 and 4s of Is*> 7. at the price at £•
■which they wire olT<rod on the New York stock market yesterday. These fig- O
ures are net, and holders of 4s will receive the accumulated Interest since. as
October 1, end holden of the r>s will ■..., ,■■■■■ from November 1. At 2
the*« prices the bunds wou'.d realize to the investor .0224 per cent for the 6s A
and .Cl'lS for the 4s. ■
Tl;K.\*ritY DEPARTMENT. 0
OrfW of th* S*er»tary of the Treasury. Washington. D <".. Nov. 15. 1599. j«
The Trnimr)' lVj-aitmmt ..nntun.«»« it* readiness to purchase any part or all 0
of th« cr..o"o.w<t in Oorrrmaent l«-»nd* of the I j«er cent funded loan of ISO 7, or the i #
6 Iff cent loon of IVH lit the prices below Indicated: Q
The I »*ci <h nt loan* <»f 1M will h» r» ••.-< mji,i raid for at $112 75 net. .'*
Tr* & jvr cent* or IS"! will be rei-H\e.l and .v ■! lor at fin rift. •*•
1' ■' ;-. of »-lthrr rluff. or mixed ofl>rlri(fi« of both, *•«>• be presented at the sub- •*
TrfiiFur.pß in N-«w fork. Boston. ■ 1-li>hla, 11*ltliri>.rf. Cincinnati. Chicago. St. £
■
The at«>v«- :>r<i>.<sal t i boU co"d until tli^ clotie of bu«>ln«»«s on November 80th lnst.. §
or until the amount of f^.'""©.'*!) t-hall have '•'1 •ertired. If prior to that date. £v
L. J. GAGE. Secretary. i«
BRITISH TROOPS AND
BOERS USE FIGHTING
IT CLOSE RANGE
Continued From Fin-t Pace.
rnt. "after five hours" fighting. The en
otny retired. Uing heavily beaten for all
time. *<» far as Maf< king is concerned. It
«ai the hottr>t day of the siege and the
:lrlng wa* terrific, the Boers evidently
recoßnlring that the only way into Mafo
klng;. If any. is by a kopje, which was
gallantly d« fen *rd by Colonel WaJford's
men. Th«« garrison is Jubilant, while the j
ltoero have been hurl^l back In disorder !
on their laager and will have to content j
themselves with a long-range hoinliard
mcr.t until they are strongly re!nforc«.<S.
"The enemy lout heavily. Tor hours
after ttuir lighting line had been rolled I
l>ack two wagons went slowly along their
positions picking up the dead and w«und
t-d. The k.ipje r< tv-nibled a shambles after
the Jighu All the men were killed by bul
lets or shellc The lookodt' tower was
shot to pieces, while even the saddles of I
the horses were fearfully batt«red about. |
The. whole place was pimply ::ia.«Ul«-«l up i
by the oonci ntraled tin- of seven guns i
and rifks. The Ilocrs at flrst j
held on to their advance pluck- i
lly. but they c.iuld not live when |
they came to short ranrc. the men I
U-ing shot down at ::>w yards. The enemy i
Is expected to draw • ifT <aily in order t« de- ]
ftnd Pretoria. Th« r« is still no news'
from toe south. As 1 rh.l tnls message- j
eff 600 Boi rs have g.n-' south with wayons
and have commenced sheUlnc.**
FREE STATERS SAID TO
SE LEAVING LADYSMITH
{fpeelal Cal>> to the Herald. Copyright.
1S», by jAtni-K Gordon l»«-nn«it. Hrjiublleatlon
of lhi» dispatch in truliib.ted. All rlshtg r*
»■:-.-: In the United M*u« and Grtat Uritaln] I
LONDON, Nov. IC.-The Dally Tele
graph publishes this dispatch from Its
eprclal correspondent:
ESTCuritT. Nov. M._ The armored
train proceeded out as far as Colonso to
day a:i<l returned in lbs afternoon. It
found numbers of l; ■.. r- at Groblcrs
Kloof. They descended to make an at
tack, but f»Ued to r^ach the train- It
also mi'^ the L»ally Telegraph mcssrnßrr,
whom the liners had caught, stripped and
searched. They failed to tind any totters
on him. but they made him prisoner and •
compel!* 1 him to do two days' work. This j
tnan ii« returning and will try to reach
Ladysmltb to-night.
"Another Kafllr baa arrived hero, having
left Ladysmith yesterday morning. The
Doer* have m guns posted on Mount I
Bulwana, whence they are continuously
bombarding the town. They caused littlo
damage, however, and only a few people.
have b«cn killed In the place. Our guns
reply to thflr lire at moderate rate.
"The Boers .ire reported to tavphort of
food. They aJso foar a r.osuto rising,
which is n-ported to be Impending, or that
Central Buller m;iy cut them off. The '
Free Stater* rtr«* returning home. ■
"On laM Tuesday (7th) a Hritish force,
made up of nil arms, marched out from
L.adysmith and proceeded toward LJestcrs
Farm. Them they attacked and drove i
back to Dewdrop a commando of Free, i
Statins, killing or wounding 3-JO of the
enemy, while our casualties wfre .-li^i.t.
"During the bombardment of Wednes
day the liters llr«-d upon a Catholic sani
tarium, where the Geneva, flag is flying,
and killed a civilian nnd a native and
wounded (uimf of the nurws. Our troops
and civilians during the bombardment
find shelter in byinb-proof trenches."
VERY STRONG*FEELING
AGAINST THE FRENCH
LONDON. Nov. IC— There is a strong
feeling here and Is dally growing against
the French f'>r thrlr attack !n the press
upon England* .«nJdier«. and above ail for
tho fal*e r« j»orts they make public Were
. to reproduce the epithet* which I have
In aril to-day applU-d to French papvrs it
would make their own «-am ring. On«
wish, often expressed^ Is that France may
i:;i.K<- pome trouble over her i^hlp which
has been overhauled at Delagoa liay. The
pplnt the French are showing now is not
going to be forgotten later, and there Is
building up among Englishman— l nee It
growing every day— bitterness and hatred
of the I^-ijrh. which mny make the keep
Pears*
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
docs no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a bal>y"s; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is dune by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap? •
Pears'.
AH aorta of ttorr*aet!«t , especially dru££iu«;
all •orti of people aw *. • - •. • • -
• .1 v. ry difficult matter here-
SPRECKLEYS CAMP SHELLED.
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 10. -A dispatch from
Buluwayo. dated Friday. November I,
fays an armored train proceeded south
close to Machudl, where a culvert was
found damaged.
Th " Hasuto police, the dispatch adds, re
port that a party of Boers had been loot-
Inp avA damaging; property.
A Fort Tull dispatch, under date of Fri
day. November ?.. says: "There Is mat
activity In the Doer camp south of here.
A reeonnolterins party sent alons the line
heard heavy firing in the distance. The
party returned to Colonel Spreckley's
camp, on which tUe enemy was advancing
In fwrce. It was shelled at midday, stam
pt-dinK every horse and mule but not
touching a man. The I en ' num
bered four hundred. it appears the Boers
; surrounded a store, where a small party
i stubbornly resiMr-0. ultimately retiring to
j the bush und Kaininj; Fort Tull. An offl
| c«r and rtve troopers an missing from
j ■preckley'a force, which had been outside
; ri-connoiterinß, and which had several
j skirmishes on returning to Fort Tull. 1 '
PRAISES MARINE ENGINEERS.
LONDON. Nov. IT..— Lieutenant Com
mander Coll the United States naval
attache here, was a guest at the annual
banquet to-d.iy if the Institute of Marine
Engineers. He spoke of the nance of
the marine engineering in modern navies,
saying:
"In the United States navy we have
concluded, and acted on the conclusion,
that the seaman of the future must of ne
cessity be a marine engineer."
Th.- speaker also referred to th»« way the
Hritish nafal brigade had overcome dim
culties of mounting guns at Ladysmith
as :\ feat any seaman or marine engineer
might be proud of.
FRIENDSHIP OF AMERICA.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— George Wyndmnn.
Parliamentary Under Secretary of State
for War. addressing his constituents at
Dover this evening said that next to the
affection which the colonies felt for the
mother country be would place the
friendship cf America,
"This friendship between the American
republic snd the Mr :ish empire," he said.
"Is one of the most dramatic and may be
come one of the most momentous and far
reaching episodes in modern history. It
docs not. however. Imply hostility to any
other great power."
HOLY BEE IS NEUTRAL.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— Cardinal Vaughan's
letter to the Pope, pointing out the evil
effect which attacks upon England, ap
pearing In the Vatican organs are hav
ing upon the Kritish opinion, has already
bnrne fruits. This evening the Observa
tore Romano publishes a paragraph de
claring that It Is the official organ of the
Holy See in announcements of facts only,
and that its comments upon the war In
South Africa are not inspired by the Vat
ican. Ir «:t>^ that the Holy See will not
take the side of cither party in the hos
tilities.
BAD MEAT SUPPLIED.
LONDON. Nov. IS.— A letter In the
Times. -written by an offlcerjonj>qard the
transport Nubia, asserts that "1000 ratlonu
of salt carrion labeled 'New" York, 1533,'
had 'to be thrown overboard, as It was
full of disease," adding: "They only salt
down the very worst portions of very in
ferior beasts and pigs."
This has aroused a storm of indigna
tion against the "rascally contractors and
incapable Admiralty transport officers
who allowed filthy salted brisket beef to
be furnished to the troops."
ONE CHIEF WAVERING.
LONDON. Nov. IC.-The Times pub
lishes the following dispatch from Hulu
waya. dated Thursday, November 9:
"The Boers attacked the Bechuana chief
Kahama at Scllka Kopo on our side of
Crocodile River yesterday and were re
pulsed. Kahama is confident and is work
ing heartily with us. He is supported
! v m men from here. Chief Ldnchwe
who was at first loyal. Is thought to be
wavering." , ■■ -_^-r: i ■. .
ANNOUNCED IN PARIS.
LONDON. Nov. 15.-A Paris paper to
day fully announces the fall and cap
ture and Ludysmith. but report* .from
this source no longer cause a ripple of
I excitement. Nevertheless there ■will be
considerable anxiety hero until the War
Ofljce or some independent version of the
j latest developments at Ladysmitfa la
] known. ___^_________
l"he Piin'-. °/ Wa ' PS Rent-rally assumes
the title of the Earl of /Chester when
traveling incognito. In connection with
his Xavorite title a cood story Is told the
epjsode taking Pluce when he was* In
Paris. His K.,yal Highness and an
equerry were 1. ..king at some of the pie
| tures- In the great* Louvre gallery, when
they v<iTv observed by a party of Ameri
can*,, <-n«- of whom remarked:
WaleV^ 1 you ' lOllha - I * the Prince of
."Done," said his friend.
A few minutes later the American an
proaehed the Prince's equerry, who was
examining a picture close by, and asked
him. in a low tone the name of his com-
I parr.
r -The Earl of Chester," was the truth
: ful 'ajiswer.
T'tJold." said the mar., in a disappointed
tone. > v* ■
During a recent campaign Hi Ohio the
advocate on the stump of a certain candi
date, *peaKlng to an ■ tnblagc of /arm
ens ma the following appeal to their
{rood sense: "Friends, lot us suppose that
one of you farmers has a hired man
iou may feel a little doubt of him at the
?s}**& but you rive him a fair trial - You
hk< him bo wen that you keep liini an
other year. And he servos you in such a
way that he secures still another re-en
gagement. Isn't that a good business
principle?" The orator paused and smiled
down at his audience. Before he could
resume the shrill voice of one of the
farmers Interrupted him. "Say, said the
voice, "how i* it when the hired man pets
lo'thlnkin' that he owns the hull farm?"
An aged lady. Rotting Into a cab in Dub
lin, said to the driver: "Help me in, my
god/l man. for I am very old."
''Bogorra, ma'am." he replied, "no mat
ter what age you are. you don't look it."
The t»r«*v wax to ca.tch * husband lj
cot to try.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURPDAT, NOVEMBER 16, 1899.
McKINLEY HAS SENT A
MESSAGE TO AGUINALDO
If the Fugitive Insurgent Leader Can Be Over
hauled He Will Be Asked to Give Better
Treatment to Prisoners.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON.
Nov. 15.— compliance with re
peated representations of the Span
ish Government in behalf of Its
subjects held prisoners by Fili
j pinos, the President has Bent a message
j to General Otis for transmission to Agul
' naldo. under which humane treatment
will doubtless be accorded to them. It Is
; understood that General Otis has for
warded the message to General Mac A
rthur with instructions to send It to Agul-
I naldo If he can be located. The message
speaks of the desire of the President that
prisoners shall receive kind and humane
; treatment.
It Is presumed here that Agulnaldo's ,
disinclination to surrender prisoner!
grows out of his desire to hold them and
! use them to gain more advantageous
| terms in case he should be surrounded
; n"y American troops. The fact that Gen
eral Otis sent the message to General
i Mac Arthur indicates that he believes
Agunlaldo Is within the cordon of Ameri
can troops established by Generals Law
ton and Wheaton.
General MucArthur Is advancing toward
Dagupan along the line of the railroad,
| driving Insurgent bands Into the arms of
th£ American troops waiting for then at
points selected by Generals Wheaton and
Lawton. Whether Ajrulnaldo has pent the
prisoners to Hayombong Is not known,
but no matter where they are, an In
struction from him. it Is believed, will re
' sult in better treatment being accorded
to them. The Spanish Government has
been very much concerned übout the pris
oners, and has submitted reports to Sec
retary Hay Indicating that many of them
I have suffered very bad treatment.
Under Die treaty of peace, the United
Sun. ■ ts best effort ■
to .-' >ur.> the releai ■ rUon
* rs. but its < (lorta I
ful. ar.d it; i ■!. r ;.. allay t' -
nlarm tor the - - :ts men held by
the Pllipin • • deemed advisable t'.
comn
lala ;a\ 1 1.»- r ,. t >>f such « on<
muni< ati< : do no i':.- •
a claim f( | lon <•( th
Filipino iti'i- ;•■ ndi i i • ly In view
of hiK Ci^ht ir,. m Tarlac and I
machinery f..r a government.
WORCESTER UPHOLDS
THE PHILIPPINE POLICY
CHICAGO, No -i C, Won
member <>f the Philippine Comml
at Central Music Bail to-night
upon "The Philippine Question."
The address, which was delivered under
•■< .if thr Hamilton «'iut>. a lo
cal Republican organisation, waa i. I
with every manifestation of approval. Mr.
Worcester followed In th.» main the UIM
of argument reKardliiß the retention ><t
illppines which hn.l ix^n published
In the report of the Philippine Commis
sion.
Professor Worcester said at the outset
that the issues raised by the Philippine
Question, directly or indirectly, wr-rr more
Important, more far-reaehlnp in their
rnnfpqiionrcs than any other nation has
ailed upon to meet since its birth.
He deprecated the idea <<( those willing
to make party politics of questions which
Involve the well being and th«- futur
tiny r.f millions of their ffllow-bfinps.
ling, he said:
"If all the accusations brought by those
who declaim against our so-called 'crime
in the Philippines' are true we have, in
deed, committed a great transgression
against the people of those islands. I
propose to take up some of the alleged
facts often quoted in support of these i —
rious charges and scrutinize them some
what closely. I shall try to make my ex
amination wholly dispassionate."
Professor Worcester then took up vari
■xfuments presented against the
American policy in the Philippines, and,
quotinK from Senate documents, from the
proclamations of Aguinaido and from s
mass of official evlden--.-. ni"«t of which
has been made public, answered (!.•
eral criticisms. His sttSWtt* \\« -r-' direct
ed specially to the arguments "of |
tleman who recently addressed an audi
ence from Lhe rostrum an which I btiind."
He ;.ls'i stated that members <<f th>^
Aguinaido Cabinet testifled before the
MILLIONS MULTIPLY FOR
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
i shading or carcellng. Individual credit
| ors were also paid. The fact Is now re
! called that agitators and demagogues, i n
the- hope of winning advantage in a po-
I litical contest, shouted for a rope -to hang
the railroad magnates. The shouting has
I subsided, and the uproar may not be re
i sumed until the next political campaign
opens. v - ? -'. -
The wave of prosperity which followed
the election of McKlnley gave confidence
u> the business men of the country. As
I a result of the restored confidence bonds,
, stocks and Industrial ecurltles of a gen
! eral character advanced. The Pacific Im
provement-Company met Its obligations
I and ,by prudent management derived
profit from Investments. When a final
nettlempnt Is made the rum of forty mil
i lion dollars may be apportioned t<> the
i interested parties. Mrs. Stanford owns
2T. ]..-r cent of the stock. She may ar any
lime decide to sell out to her asso
Men hi position to Judge of the value of
her Interest figure It to l>« worth from
■ Nt"n t" ti-n million dollars.
Presideaf David Starr Jordan of Stan
f'-rd University spent a fiw hours In San
Plraacteeo yesterday afternoon, en rt>ute
;to Sucrami'iito. Up had received BO
wc.r<] fr.mi Mrs Stanford concerning the
Smta of her Southern Pacific stock for
1 $11.4on.r>ort, but he did not for a moment
<l"-,]l.t the truth of The Call's story to thai
■effect. On the contrary. I>r. Jordan ad
mitted that he had an Idea such a deal
i-elng negotiated and expressed bit
ire at the news of Its consumma
tion.
"You folks know more about It than I
do." he said, with a smile, "for 1 have not
received a. word from Mrs. Stanford on
the subject since she left for theiJJast..
Of course we knew that Mrs. Stanford in
tended disposing of th" Southern Pacific
stock as soon as she could do so advan
tageously, as It was producing no income,
all the earnings of the road being put, into
Improvements. When Mrs. Stanford Rave
the stock to the university it wok with
the understanding that she should he al
lowfd to soil it should a favorable opt* r
tunity nrise, although as trustee iri the
university she had power to sell the ftock
even If that condition had not been at
tached to the rift." .
Dr. Jordan was asked what immediate
uses the money would be put to, but he
declined to talk on that subject. : ;',.%;
"That is a matter that must be deter
mined by Mrs. Stanford." he said, "and I
have no authority to speak for her The
Income from lh.e JlO.iKtQ.oOQ.sr 1U.000.n00 will
be a great help to the university arid will
commission to the fact that even in his
proclamation* of June IS. he freely ad
mitted that no American had ever prom
ised htm independence for his people.
As showing the bloody work of the in
surgents. Professor Worcester said: .
"At the time I left Manila the province
Of Bataabagaa was overrun with thieves
and murderers. No attempt was being
made to enforce law and order. The pub
lic schools were abandoned. Forced con
tributions were wrung from tho people at
the bayonet point, until many were
ruined. Unwilling contributor* had been
punished by having their hands hacked
off and even by being burled alive. The
individual bouse* In *uch Important towns
us Taal w«.re Intrenched in order that tho
Inhabitants mipht defend themselves
against their neighbors. The military
governor of the province, although a Ta
galo ami an insurgent, had characterised
th,e condition existing as 'complete an
archy,' and had repeatedly sent in secret
I Manila asking for aid to restore order.
and promising to surrender with his
trooj.s If we would only dispatch a small
for* <• to his aid.
'•Those who affect to believe that we
ore creating bloody disorder by our pres
ence in the Philippines; that the natives
would continue to hate us If we gave
them good government, that they would
it* better off under a very bad government
of their own than a very good one .admin-
Istered in part by ours, and that the only
logical and honorable course open to us
Is to withdraw our forces and leave the
peaceable and law-abiding natives of the
Philippine Islands at the mercy of Aguin
aldo' and his army, may be sincere In
their convictions, but by freely giving
voice to them they are encouraging the
ambitious Tagalo lender to prolong a
hopeless struggle. The prolongation of
this struggle is costing us millions of dol
lars, and, what is far worse, good red
American blood. Lot history nx the re
sponsibility for it.
"Those of us who believe the flag should
stay In the East, and that under Its shad
ow we should patiently teach to our new
wards the lessons they must learn ere
they can take their place in the great
family of nations as a free and united
people, should stand shoulder to shoulder.
There Is work for us t.i do. Let those
Feoff who will. The future of 10.000,000 of
human beings and the honor of a great
nation are in our keeping, and the eyes
of the world are upon us. Let us not
prove unfaithful to our trust."
AMERICAN SOLDIERS
SHOT BY FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15— General Otis
reported the following casualties:
Wounded in action at San Mateo No
vtir.ber 11— James Wright. Company K.
Sixteenth Infantry, both thighs, severe.
[n action at Arayat October 12-^James
Turner, Company 1, Twenty-fourth In
fantry, neck, severe.
In action at San rabian, expeditionary
brigade, November 10— John O'Nell, Com-
H, Thirteenth Infantry, chest, se
vere; Tony Ederhardt. Thirty-third In
fantry, abdomen, slight; John F. Coates,
Company a, ri^ht arm; sllg.it; George
IM< hi. left arm, flight.
In action at Kambam, November 11—
F Wyvt, Company M, Thirty
sixth Infantry, right knee, moderate.
In ■ Ifadelacat November 10—
• \V. Rhodes, Company C. Seventh
Infantry, back, severe; Dell Cunney, right
thlKh, sev< re.
In action on the road to San Jaclnto
mber 11- Killed: Oscar K. Mercler,
acting hospital steward, Thirty-third In
i fantry; Lovell B. Casteel, mrgfenl. Com
pany B; John A. Robinson, corporal.
Company H; Willie Hoone, Company H;
Sm. i k Mitchell, "Vmpany L; Arthur Pet
lompany B. Wounded: Arthur Rad
zin.-kl. si rgeant major, left \horax. se-
Herbeit B. Uarpolm, sergeant.
imv <;. right thigh, slight; George
ms, corporal, Company I. right leg.
Blight; Qeorge a. Mattock, artificer. Cum
pany A. left forearm, slight; i^azaro c
.. Company B, left thorax, severe;
Edward A. Hurth, Company 1,, left thigh,
slight; Inike H. Howell. Company M, left
ifale. "Mght; J"hn F. Reffet, Company M,
left side, slight: John W. Stokes, Com-
I any M, left shoulder, slight; Francis C.
Continued from First Pace.
enable up to keep in the front rank of the
Ltlonal Institutions of the country.
Vt ry likely Mrs. Stanford may have some
definite plans for at least a partial ex
penditure of the money, but If bo »he muat
be the lirst to inform the public as to
wh.it she intends to do."
Notwithstanding Dr. Jordan's refusal to
commit himself on the subject. It 1b a fact
that Urn acquisition of a large amount of
ready money at thia time will be of Ines
timable value to the institution over
which he presides. It will provide the
means for the immediate erection of
new buildings and it will allow of the or
ganization of new departments, but It is
for Mrs. Stanford herself to Pay when
these improvements shall be Inaugurated.
The expansion movement will not likely
~:Ied out on a large scale immediate
ly. It is well known that President Jor
dan Is not in favor of the forcing process.
Re bellevee In a gradual enlargement and
upbuilding of the university on a sure.
Mil.stnntia! foundation, and while a few
I m departments may be added within a
■sort time, there will be no hurry and no
"furring."
On.- of the first things that will be done \
in the way of enlarging the university j
will be the completion of the outer !
quadrangle In accordance with tho
original plans. Two of these buildings,
the assembly hall and the history build
\uk. arc already practically finished am.
will be occupied ai soon as Mrs. Stanford
return! from the East. Two others, one ;
to be devoted to the department of ,
physiology and the other to geology und i
■oology and connected with the llrst
nam*d two by a grand arch already cora
pietedi are in the course of erection.
In addition to these, two more butld
\ill probably be erected during the
Coating year. These two are to be located |
at the two corners of the outer gnat j
ingle *nd will be connected with |
the inner quadrangle by arches. The
plans for these buildings have al
ready been in-pared by Architect Clin- !
Day and were yesterday approved I
by Dr. Jordan. One of them will be de- |
Voted to hlrtory and literature and tne
other to physics and psychology. The
new chapel |g also well under way and is
■ model ( -f church architecture.
Still an >th«r college building that i» re
gariied ns :i ntil— llj at the university,
and the crectlOß <>f whi^h will probably
begin shortly after .Mrs. Stanford's -■•
turn. I? a chemistry building. This will
be erected outside the quadrangle, off to
Tanner, Company B, right wrist. slight;
Charles T'lary, t'nrnpany K. rixhl leg,
slight; Charles T. Throckmorton. Com
pany 1,, right thigh, .slight: Charles E.
Rnwc, corporal. Company If, sprain of
back, severe; Jnmrs Boyd, Company B,
sub-maxillary, slight.
GENERAL FUNSTON
RETURNING TO MANILA
TOPEKA, Kan«.. Nov. 15-Oeneral Fun-
Fton, , recently <>ril«-re<J to return to the
Philippines for Mrvice, t<■- <1 h y starte.l f«r
San Franclscci, ■ccnilipanitfl by hi* wlf*».
Mrs. Punston will remain at her parents'
home In Oakland. CSaL Two lmn<lrp>l p0..
ple were at the depot to Ktve «ier..-r;il
Funpton a hearty good-by. Among them
were two former Twentieth Kansas offi
cers, IJtutenants Whlsner and Northrup
cf < '"tnpany B.
"1 never paid It." yelled Lieutenant
Whistier, directing his remarks to the
general, who stood waving adieus from
the car platform. Whlsner referred to an
alleged Interview In which Colonel Met
calf and other officers of the Twentieth
Kansas had been criticized.
"Your apology Is accepted." said Gen
eral Funston with a laugh. "I knew you
had been ml.. quoted." *
General Funston will sail on the first
transport leaving for Manila.
PRESS NEWS BEING
CENSORED TOO CLOSELY
NEW YORK. Nov. 15. -The dispatches
Brotfl Manila yeMer.lay referred to "Major
Marsh" as commanding the left battal
ion of the Thirty-third Regiment, com
manded by Colonel Hare, in the sharp
engagement with th<» insurgents near San
Fabian Saturday. The ofHcer Is Major
Payton C. March, f.rn..r!y <-;iptain of the
Ast.r Battery and later on General Mac-
Arthur's staff. Owing to the character
of the censorship at Manila, General Otis
not permitting the sending of the names
of the klllrd and wounded, a full ac
count of the engagement near San Fabian
was cabled, but the correspondents were
not permitted to send the name of Major
John A. Logan, killed In action, or those
of the others killed or wounded.
HUGH'S' ADVANCE IS
HAMPERED BY RAINS
MANILA. Nov. 15-(;eneral Hughes.
with parts of the Nineteenth and Twenty
sixth ngtmeats, moved from Hollo Thurs
day, November 9, to Otton, six miles w.*t.
for the purpose of capturing Santa Bar
bara, the rebel stronghold, ten miles north
of Hollo.
Heavy rains preceded the movement,
and the roads were In places impassable.
The same night Colonel Carpenter, with
the Eighteenth Regiment and Battery G
of the Sixth Artillery, moved westerly
from Jaro to connect with General
Hughes. Colonel Carpenter was forced to
return to Jaro on account of the roads,
and the entire movement was hampered
by lack of proper transportation. Com
pany G of the Twenty-sixth Regiment bad
the only fighting. When three miles out
of Jaro this company charged the rebel
trenches, and three of the enemy were
killed. One American was wounded.
Qeneral Hushes November 12 occupied
T.ii^ t'unuM au<l Gulmbul, on the southern
. and also Cordova, in the Interior.
The enemy did not oppose General
Hughes' advance.
Recent orders from Agulnaldo found In
the trenchi ■ said:
"I 1 " not opp ■>••• the Americans' advance.
Bum the villages as they are evacuated.
Divide the forces into bands of forty.
Harass the Amvricans on every occasion."
Araneta. the reliel leader of the Island
Of I'anay, was captured at Tagbanan
whllo attempting to pass the lines into
Hollo.
Two battalions of the Twenty-sixth still
garrison Hollo and Jam.
San Miguel, visible from Hollo, has been
burned by the rebels.
It is reported that an expedition, evad
ing the navy, recently landed arms and
■ammunition on the Antique coast, and
that the rebels threaten opposition with
an armed force of 3000 men. These stories
are not believed.
— Airports of the-Sulu Islands outside of
the American possessions have been or
dered closed commerce.
one side, for reasons that are obvious to
those familiar with the study of chem-
Istiy.
There was great rejoicing yesterday
among .ill who are In any way int. •:■
In the Institution at Palo Alto over Mrs
Stanford 1 * IUCC< ss in disposing of her
railroad stork at such a good figure.
When she presented the stock to the uni
versity a few weeks ago the fact was
realized that the gift might be of little
r^-il l.en-flt to the Institution for sum.'
time Jp.-c.iußo of its being productive of
no income. Now. however, the gift has
been transformed Into money and the
days of stern economy and hard pinching
to make both ends meet are no more.
SPEYER TALKS OF
THE RECENT DEAL
Complete Confirmation of The
Call's Account of the B:g
Transaction.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15. -At the office of
Spoyer & Co. to-day it wu finally admit
| ted that the firm, acting for itself and
several others, had purchased from the
•state of the late Senator Leland Stan
■. ford of California the letter's holdings of
j Southern Pacific stock.
Details of the sale or other Information
concerning It could not be obtained from
representatives of the firm, but Wall
strt-et men who are conversant with
Southern Pacific affairs said that the
amount of sir., k Involved in the tran«ac
tlon is 180.000 .-hares. Tho average price
paid for the stock was said to have been
■bout $43 per share.
Although (ieni.-d in high quarter* it Is
the popular Idea in Wall sm-t-t that
the Stanford holdings were transferred
through the medium <>f th.? stock market.
which would account for the recent enor
mous trading In stock. The purchasers of
the Stanford stock, represented by Speyer
& Co., are the tame who recently pur
< ha.-. .1 the interest of the Cracker estate
in Southern Pacific property. They are
known in Wall su. .t a.- the Huntington-
Speyer syndicate, and are believed to be
<(.liis P. Huntington. Speyer & Co.. J
Pierpont Iforgan, Kuh-n, l>oeb & Co. and
several important European banking In
terests. The control of the vast South
ern Pacific system will hereafter lie In
the hands of these men and the interests
which they represent.
Spoyer & Co, to-day stated that the
Southern Pacific stock bought from the
Stanford estate will be held by strong in
teresta, and it is not likely to come on the
market.
Southern Pacific was again tho feature
of the stock market to-day. More thin
125.000 shares were traded In. and the
stock sold as high as 43a* at the close
Syndicate brokers were at all times ag
gressive buyers. Foreign houses also took
considerable ■ stock.
WATCHES HUSBAND AND
LOVER FIGHT A DUEL
Missouri Woman Calmly Looks On While
Two Men Engage in a Death
Struggle.
WTOT PLAINS Mo.. Nov. 15.-At BakeraAeM. twenty five miles south of
this place, on the Interstate sta*e line. I.nke Soels mortally wounded Post
master W. M. Sharp with a knife in a duel. Ramon of improper relations
between Seels and Mr». Sharp had reached Sharp, who demanded satisfac
tion. A challenge to flßht with knives as weapons was accepted and th*
pr ncloal« wont to the cellar, where the duel was fought, resulting In tho
fatal wounding of Sharp and HI nt Injury to Seels. Mrs Sharp It Is Mid
tat on the stairway calmly witnessing the death struggle between husband
and lover. Seels was »».; rested and gave bonds.
RESCUED FROM
A BURNING SRIP
Narrow Escape of the
Patria's Passengers.
flpeHal Dlrpatch to The Catt.
LONDON. Nov. 15. — The Hamburg-
American steamer Patria. Captain Froh
ii«h. which left New Totk on November
4 for Hamburg and passed the Lfaai
tt-rday morning, is on fire near Dover.
All the passengers were rescued and hay»
arrived at Dover.
T»i.- Russian steamer Ceres sighted th©
Patria, showing plgns of distress and de
manding immediate help, about twelve
milts from Northhinder lightship. The
liner was enveloped In sm.'k.-. Putting
on full steam, the Ceres soon reached th.-
Patria. and sending a boat learned that
Captain Frohllch was in urgent need of
assistance.
The boats were got out and with great
difficulty all the Patrias passengers,
numbering ISO, were tram 'f-rr.-.l to th.-
Ceres, which proceeded for Dover, where
she arrived Just before midnight. Among
the saved are many women and children,
as well as six babes In arms. M-.st of
them were enveloped in blankets only.
PLOT TO ROB THE RAFAEL.
Armed Ouards Stationed About the
Marln County Hotel.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. IV Shortly after
10 o'clock to-night R. V. Halton. the new
manager of the Hotel Rafael, n
Constable Hughes that two of the em
ployes of the hotel, aided by outsiders,
had planned to rob the guesta and blow
open the safe. Hugheu at once placed th
case In the hands of Deputy Constable
Agnew, who procured an assistant and
at once proceeded to the hotel.
Mr. Halton was Informed of the plot
by an old employe of the hostelry, who
said he had overheard tho two men laying
their plans. The inspected ••mployes have
fr.i|!i.-ntly been seen In the company of
a couple of member* of the tough'.].
ment which Infests the city. The officers
wont fully armed and prepared to
any attack which might he made on the
lives or property of the guests.
♦
Mr. Hobart Resting Easily.
PATERS. >N. X. j, N(IV 15_Vlce
President Hobart passed a pood day and
Is resting easily to-night. He has been
fating solid foods for some days now
He was very much grieved to learn of the
doatn of Major Logan In battle. They
w. r.- personal friends, and at Washing
ton the major iwas at many social func
tions given by the Hobarts.
| HACK! HACK! HACK!
I always coughing. 1
I IT IS ANOTHER FORM OF "NEURASTHENIA." I
O Derangements of the Nervous System are the most frequent cause of C
O weakness and organic disease of the various organs of the body. This appllc3 8
O in particular to the lungs. Men and women who have "weak nerves" take S
A cold easily. The weakened nerves are easily irritated. The patient has an 8
£► oppressed feeling in chest, gets to hacking and coughing, which condition be- 8
8 '"»» 0 - chronic. Often there is considerable mucous expectoration. People V
& peueve tney have that dreaded disease, consumption, and actually worry O
# -tnemoelves-JntO-a. decline when -in-rgaUty^li-lg_Qnly_th» nerves th,.t '?i
q the lungs that are affected. Cough medicines do no good. and. why? He- 8
« fw 1 ' Vit )UKh nu "," ( im " , c| " not allay nenous Irritability. A remedy Is needed 8
v ih.it will strengthen and tone the entire nervous system and at the same 8
X time allay nervous Irritability. Such a remedy is HUDYAN. . : .
« iti.t v'\ ,v CUres ■"" . h c°n(lc °n (11 H"ns as mentioned above. Do not Imagine 8
X J. , i n^ »i, consumption, do not worry yourself Into a decline. Just because 8
X Vav n:ln :l V"' k IIK '..""-'V Get HUDYAN and follow the directions. HUD- Vi
£ rAH will nm only allay this narvotu Irritability but will « ?
* r'nriiv^v"- Many so-ralle.l ,-.„,, umptlves have her:
1 . g SYMPTOMS THAT I
1 Iff ".' HUDYAN • . % §
111 . PROMPTLY RELIEVES: li |
S || Smothering Spells Nervousness I 1 D
8 I Oppressed Feeling Cold Extremities I Q
8 I Hacking Cough Dizzy Spells I 8
8 I Pain In Chest Offensive Breath I Q
8 II Mucous Expectoration Fluttering of Heart II 8
O 11 I - Emaciation Pain ln Head 8
8 I' l Paleness Weakness of Limbs //I 8
P. \\ \ Pain Between Shoulders Bloating of Stomach / // 8
<> \\\\ Shortness of Breath Shaky Knees //// $
Q. \\ \ Sleeplessness Nausea ///// £f
Q \\\\\ Irritability Costiveness /'/// «
3 \\\\\ Ix>ns of Appetite Despondency ,- ///// Q
8 \v\\ Weakness Clouded Memory ///// g
8 Xs\\ General Decline Tremblings I/11l g
I \ TAKE HUDYAN— SOc. M' |
8 HUDYAN not only relieves the symptoms mentioned above— lt cures per- 8
V manently. HUDYAN relieve., all pains and aches and makes one feel that 8
M life is worth living. " 8
» WEAK LUNGS . 8
g CURED BY HUDYAN. 8
8 . _-*>>. _ EASTON. P«-u 8
O g/fFLkv • Dcnr Doctors: I want to tell you about /■>
a '^V'~ '•'■o my *?."•■ 1 nad ..^ chronic cough, my X
V; f ,v^ breathing was difficult, I would expec- A
8 F ?>{22« • torato a great deal. Was thin and weak. V
» j. -- «SQk anil aoctors'told me I had consumption. «
-C /- ■^SiW • Uas going downhill very rapidly. Doc- X
X- '9t<4AC««V <> tl>r * " a d 'hey con: n°t cure m«\ s<> I *
X Tif W( i ' took my case in my own hands. J took X
X I / •» /l '-^ tl|i,\ your Hudyan. and in less than a week's *:'
J& ViiE"^ •'' /3^ I" t»'i time could feel an Improvement In my *
X JGB&i ' /filll'lllll ''ill I condition. One by one my symptoms 8
X ***S^ /f/ f v ■Htl'l' 1 ''h passed away and now I am a hale and 8
S V** -,' yiCiJ' ii",l I' hearty man In every respect. II .■!-. m «
O i-^t_g*" A sm>w L ' ha - removed every trace of consumption O
Q /\ /t^m^M^ In my case. Yours truly. O
O y(d y^!"^ 1 W._W. MONTGOMERY. §
8 *'r>Vi^*R s 'l *"*^r«i Oet Hudyan. from your druggist— a «
X rP7 n .S-< / V "'.i package, six packages for 12 &•. If your X
X i>^ ./T'^J- |J druggist does not keen It. send direct to X
8 4 the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. cor. Stock- ft
X ton. Ellis and Market its., San F'ranclsco. »
yz> Calif. op 
ft You may consult tb« Hudyan Doctor* about your case— FREE OF CHARGE 8
8 Call or write. • ft
CHINESE KILLED
BY HIGHBINDERS
Feud of Tongs Leads to
an Assassination.
Special Dispatch to Th« CmU.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15 Highbinder trou
bles broke out afresh In the Sixth street
Chinatown thH evening and resulted In
the assassination of Gin Suey, a cook.
Six men entered the general merchan
dise store of guong Chung Lung 4t Co.
Th» y at once opened fire on Wong Ban.
tio.,kk»-eper of the store, who seemed to
be their especial target. Revolvers lq*>d
p'l with bullets and buckshot were used.
bat Han escaped with only a slight scaJp
wound from one buckshot.
In the room were Wong Wah On. Wong
Chung. Gin Suey and Wong Sing. After
firing the first round of shots the high
binders backed out of the door and poured
a fusillade through the glass door sji.l
window. Gin Suey was shot in the left
side, in range of the heart, the bullet
passing through his body. He died in
stantly. The others escaped to the rear
of the store.
The arrival of officers found no trace of
the assassins. A mammoth horse-pistol
from which had been fired buckshot was
picked up at the scene of the shooting,
and the bullet marks showed that about
twenty shots had been llred.
The shooting was the result of a long
standing feud between th*» Hip Sing Tong
and the Wong family. Pirtng the p.xst
year no less than a dozen shooting scrapes
have taken place between these factions,
but this Is about the first fatality. Th*»
highbinders engaged In the shooting mad*
their escape from Chinatown on foot and
were seen making their way toward the
railroad leading to Mllpltas.
Walker Held.
PRESrOTT, Ariz . R ~h* prellm
nsteatioa of Charles Wall
the miir'l.-r of Rlchar
the defendant t'einsr hei.i with
t.. appear before tl • .Jury on a
charge of murd»T. '
■(MM time aim, on a day set apart for
humiliation and prayer, a manufacturer
offered t.i pay his workmen their wages
on condition that they attended church.
To this they readily agreed.
Shortly before evening service one of
the employes rall»'il at his employer's
residence and told the servant ho wished
"to see the malstor."
"Now, Jack, what do you want?"
"Well, sor, me and ma myets hey been
taaklng the thin*; ower. and wed like to
knae If we Ran to chorch the nect do we
get overtime for't?"— Spare Moments. ."MIDDLE WEST
JOBBERS WEAK
IN ARGUMENT
Injured by Their Own Witnesses
in the Fight for Pacific Coast
Business.
BT. LOUIS, Nov. ]«.— The third day's proceedings In the hearing before the
Interstate Commerce. Commission accentuates our former statement that the
whole proposition Is a contest between different Jobbing an<: manufacturing
centers f<r a market. To the most casual observer the fact Is apparent that
the r.omin:«l defendants, the railroads, have very little Interest In the £ase .
as compared with that of the jobbers and manufacturers Jf the Pacific Coast
and Middle W»-st. The carriers claim— and It certainly stems fair to presume
—that their present tariffs air the result of years of experience and are the
best which they know how to make, with due* consideration to their own in
terests and for tho interests of the sections they -• r\ • :• "■"
The radical changes asked for by the Middle West, while possibly. If
granted, they might prove equally as profitable t«r the railroads, could only
result In the demolishing of the business of thnr patrons on the coast and
tho consequent disturbance of . -'■•• ■- ■ relations In that section.
Thus far the evidence submitted by the complainants has been along th©
lines of trying to show the commission that the defendant railroads were not
Justified In giving Pacific Coast Jobbers an 4 manufacturers the present dif
ferentials lw»twecn carload and le«s than carload shipments, and to do : this
wnter comiKHltlon. which was originally and Still is the reason why h
differentials were and are Riven, has been belittled and made light of, the.
claim being made that it no longer exists to an extent sufficient to make. It
potential In ratemaklng. No difficulty will be experienced, as every coast
manufacturer and jobber knows, in refuting this, but the wisdom of the .
business men of the coast In askinc to be made parties to the suit and being. .
on hand to protect their Interests, which are far greater than those of the nul-
road?. befnr»> the commission Is too patent to admit of doubt; ;- ; : • ■
Tt» illustrate this briefly: \' the Jobbers of St. Louis and Chicago, set.,
forth in tbetr complaint that owing to the present "unfair and Iniquitous
tariff" they have been drawn from the territory west of the one hundred and.
fifteenth meridian, the railroads might have accepted this statement and let it
pass unchallenged. Our attorney compelled their star witness, under cross-
examination, to admit that his house had five salesmen covering California:
regularly. thre« In Washington and Oregon and one In Arizona, all. doing bust- .
ness at a pro flu .]','
They wili doubtless complete the presentation of their case to-morrow,
and by Friday evening their preliminary bearing ma] bo concluded and the
commission adjourned to meet at some future date on the Pacific Coast.
11. D. I.OVKUND.. -"...
WAKEFIELD BAKER.
CHARLES F. TAY.
ST. L.OVIS. Nov. IS.— witness
Hlckman. who was last on the
ptand ye*terday. came to a sorry
end before the Interstate Commerce
Commission this morning, when he
■was questioned on cross-examination as
to h1« duties to the houses which employ
ed h!m In St. Louis. He was aske.l If he
had received a percentage on rebates col
lected from the railroads. He declined to
nnswcr the question and was dismissed
upon that *howinu. ■
The next witness was K. C Simmons,
president of the Simmons Hardware Com
pany of Ft. Ixiuis. the largest Jobbing
house of its kind In the world. He wild
the capital of his house had incrc&sod
from Rrt>V*W to $3,000.00' i. and it was now
Felling goods to rvtalNT* throughout the
whole of the United States, except New
Kngland and Delaware; that the radius of
his business In former years was about
DM miles from St. Lmils. He objected to
the differentials in rates between carload
and lr?s than carload lots because It In
terfered with his liuslness. He said it
Induced the retailers t<> buy In large lota
mi that they frequently got overstocked
nnd then had to reduce prlc»« in order to
#vt rid of the surplus, which demoralized
his trade. He admitted that his house
shipped poods to the PacUie Coast In
carloads and was still doing a goo.i busi
ness there sud making money, but lie had
to give his customers freight allowances
*-oni«-tln»es equal to the whole differential
and at times to half of It. He also said
«.n cross-examination that be was satis
jed y\nh th«- jToilts he waa making on the
onast. but as a matt.-r «>f principle he op
i-o-'fti \i.o j.rof.Tit r.it.s l»'cau.stf they were
not In the interest of the consumer,
though he w;is unaMe to explain why
that party was not l*enetited by the cut
ting «-f prices by the retailers, which he
< .:.;....;..■.: w-m an inti rfor«-nce with his
The rest of the day was consumed in
the examination <<f J. J. Wait, the trafttc
i:;.in:ii;ir of the Chicago houses"— that of
HiM-ard. t?pcnc« r & liartlott. hardware
AD VXBTISEM EJJT S.
J^ IS'
it jl Business
V Proposition.
\^ yX A successful busi-
ly Dess career cannot
>i - be achieved without
sound health. The Inxsiness man should
£uard his health as he p^iards his capital;
tor health is part of his capital and the
impairment of that capital affects every
business interest. A sedentary occupa-
tion and quick lunches, soon show their
effects in a pjr*h liver. The use of
I>r. Pierre's Golaen Medical Discovery
will cure "liver trouble" as well as in-
digestion and other diseases of the or-
gans of digestion and nutrition.
The " Discovery " strengthens the body
by supplying Nature with strength mak-
ing materials. It contains no whisky.
alcohol or other intoxicant.
"After threr year*, of MiSering with Ifrrr trou-
L> and malaria." write* Mr. 'Edward Jacob*, of
?4aren*<r Crawford Co.. Indiana. "I gave up all
hope* of rver Renicg stoat rain, and the tent
ci^nce «a« to try yewr medicine. I had tried
a!l tlie home donor* and - rived but little re-
lirf. Xfter UVinjr three bottle* of Dr. Pierce*
Oolden Medical Uiicwery and one vial of hi*
• I'iuwnt J*ellets' 1 am »,tout and hearty. It is
du^c-ctireJy to your wonderful medicines."
Dr. Pierce V Pleasant Pellets assist the
action of "Gulden Medical Discovery."
1 1 1 g i i n v t i i m h 1 1 1 1 1 n
%**"*£?' BEOGHfi^S:
7 indigestion, Dll I C V
v DlHousness, r1f.1,0 •
"r CV!/ «lrt*»r»/irh<» GetthcgcriuJnelfrou •
** Sick tfcccocne, want Ui ctm^. «
■• fat ok*. «">«»™ or K> cents £25 teala, X
X tiakJrec, "red by «t drug stores. V
Avw OR JORDAN S
Museum OF ANATOMY?
a |3 ior*!uaxtT^r -jr. ear* s.r ou.i
W \%Jr The L»'r»*i *n*timic»l Muu^ub ia th* \
A _**, World \kr.ki>f-rt t» * ...vr.iirj A
9 £? fIOS ■ 'c' •'•!• i • »..■ . V
it fiS 3$ I ■ '-""■'' '• Ib ' *-' '"■'- Eu I'- >■*-'► 41
a Afro 1 OS JORDAN-PRIVATE OISEASES 4
▼ V(SS^B ' ' ' '»■•"' '"■* »tirl «tfVtl» priitte \
A lytfzjm T»» •'•»»»! r"« >fl »"r •« •■<• t«t«. a A
\B/ II *, |Mfl l-llilt»«r«w,fi
f I I i|T ««.nfti*t«:. m a iijio »ml uf
. X A It »»lu»Ut lxr.k lor «^BJ *
V hi: J«BDAJIAtO..na MarttetHt.K F. ¥
ICurdock & Co.. gro
■
t the ti e cr t
rth. and ■
■ ' ■
■'^.m i ■ •■ thai <'
be ',:ik.-: trade
n lii.-.t theory- h.
• earning
-'. ni. !!.-V UIKItT .-X: . :
' ■ .■•.* if
tunff f..r th.-ni.
the water competition
■
■
■
■
" S'ork
:,. re
-
\9 ''■; «t from <
■
' of th
•->. but
■ ■
' ' • He
ich ..r t'
t that
■
•■ ! .
thai
V 1",V 1 ", ;itlr . • th*
■
I will
-
ROTTEN PUNKS
ON THE HARTFORD
Vessel Is in a Danger-
ous Position.
Fractal Dispatch to Th» Call.
VAT.T/KJO. Nov. IS.-Tho Hartford hi
Mill in th* Mnre Island drydork. and the
rro«p«Tt of putting l)fr afloat again spoms
as distant as ever, although the construct
ors are mo«t anxious to get the vessel ofT
Her sides are open] however, and hrr cop.
per stripped, and it will take right days*
work to flnlKh her.
The original Intention of the construct-
I or* was to put the vessel In the dock to
| have her wains near the water line rt»
l calked It was four years and a half
since the planking was put on. and then
It wa* only llphtly calked, the intention
I being to let the planking shrink and then
I calk it into. The appropriation -Rave
out. however, and for four years the v»a
eel lay. her planks shrinking and the
water seeping In through tho seams un
der her copper. The ship being out of
commission there was no ventilation !«>
tween hir frames, and bo the water that
h ,ad trirkl«| in and run down iheUwnde
of herplanklnsstayedthereand lotted ie
wood. There was nothing dangerous about
It. for tho pinnies on th« Hartford are
I but when the . ...i ■ r
wan stripped from her sides hen She
. went Into the drydock this last time and
(the calkers went to work, they dircov-
I ered that for a depth < lt four or * fl^ c fort
between her load wat.r line nnd where
she floats when light the inside of hi
planking had rotted, it Was thourht b^st
to put In new planking at oncoj as It was
, not a long Job. but the strike m ide it
: longer than the constructors expected '
There was blame attached to the yard
for the rottenr.ens of the Hartford's
nlnnks. a* it would never have occurred
hnO th« easel i ••■ i! In commission even
lightly as the mm« were calked' The
planks. In the f.i M place, were not prop
> riy reasoned, hut they were what was
furnished the shipwrights, and they had
to Use what was given them.
The only error in the whole affair was
the docking of th.- vessel just before she
went to h«a. It was known that she would
have to he docked and recnlked. and It
is becoming evident that a mistake, was
made in watting until she was loaded and
equipped before she was' put on th dock.
A* she rests on the shores now the has
I over 2000 tons of dead weight In her. Her
bunkers arc full, her magazines an full
I her tanks were full. too. when she floated
! In. and she had all her anchors and her
chain aboard, but the anchors and a great
deal of the chain were afterward put
afhore and pome of her big tanks w» re
emptied. She should have been docked
before she was loaded, for the weight sh«»
carries greatly Increases the chance of
accident.
A Rough Voyage.
SEATTLE. Nov. 15.— The sailing schoon
ers Nellie Coleman and Thomas i". Bay
ard, thirty days from Cape Nome, ar
rived to-day. The former encountered
particularly severe weather, shipping a
*ea. which carried away a portion of her
Jlbboom and several of her boats. There
were eighty-five passengers on the two
vessels, a majority of whom 'were suc
cessful on the Capo Nome beaches.
TSE SAN FRANCTSCO CA!LL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16. 1899.
McLAINS ARE
UNDER ARREST
Accused of Using Mails
to Defraud.
♦
■■]•■.] Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Nov. IB.— The Federal au
thorities to-day took cognizance of the
reports which had been made concerning
the alleged fradulent business of the
j Board of Trade firm of McLain Bros. &
Co. and arrested Charles li. and Albert
O. .Mi Lam. members of the firm. The
charge was using the United States malls
to carry on a Bcheine to defraud.
. . The prisoners were taken before United
States Commissioner Humphrey, where
they waived examination on the charge
and were held to the Federal Grand Jury !
in bonds of $SC>OO. The bail was what is |
known as a Joint and several bond, the
whole of which will be forfeited if either
or both of the defendants fall to appear
in court when called upon. The two
Board of Trade men are said to have be
gun their operations with customers in
various parts of the country two years
ago, and it is claimed they realized over
JbUO.OUU through their "bucket shopping"
scheme. They will not appear In court
again until spring, and then not unless
the Federal rand Jury finds true bills
on the charges
The members of the firm are Bald to
have "matched" buying or selling orders
from customers, with the reverse trade
on its own account and the work Is said
to have been carried on so quietly that
many customers lost money on the ficti- i
tious sales.
• The evidence in the case is In the cus
tody of the postofttce officials and Is made
up "of a bundle of several hundred letters
written by the defendants to their cus- !
tomers. Some of these customers were:
JI.'M. Lloyd. Sterling, Kan.; J. J. Stevens.
l>alton. Kan., and Hunter Milling Com- |
pany. Wellington, Kan.
The warrant for the arrest of McLain
Bros, was based on the alleged swindle;
of F. A. Ilyke of Luverne. Minn , who
claims to have lost about $20,000 on his
deals with the Board of Trade firm. The I
Board of Trade rules provide that when
sales or purchases are made for the cus- \
tomer the firm: must furnish the former
with a memoranda, giving the name of '
the firm from which the purchases were
made or to which the commodity was
sold as well as the prices at which trade*
were made. The evidence in possession
Of the postal officers, letters which con- j
tain memoranda of trades made for cus- I
tomers, show that while an effort was
made to keep within the letter of the
board rules a conspiracy existed among
certain local firms to violate them. It
I is said these deals which were made by
i Mcl.ain Bros, for customers in the West ,
! were "bucket-shopped" and never reached ,
the pit. '
NATIONAL MUNICIPAL
LEAGUE'S CONFERENCE
Delegates Meet to Discuss Methods
for Better Government of
Cities.
COLUMBI7S. Ohio, Nov. 15.— The fifth
annual meeting of the National Municipal
league und the seventh national confer
ence for good city government opened In
this city to-day. Over 200 delegates are
present. Including city otllcials and munl
dpal authorities from all over the coun
try.
The meeting was called for the pur
pose of discussing matters of vital Im
portance to municipalities. The domi
nant feature of the discussion win be
the "Municipal Programme." the re
port on which, however, will not bo
presented until Friday afternoon. The
"Programme" will be offered as the re
port of a special committee appointed
at the Louiivllle meeting . two years
ngo.
The opening session of the league
convened at 2:30 o'clock, when Hon.
Samuel i. Black, former Mayor of Co-
I'imb ■: welcomed the delegates. The
reports «>f Secretaries Woodruff and
Burtham were read. Dr. DekM F. \\ *.
cox of Michigan read a paper on " An
Examination of the Proposed Municipal
Programme."
C. R. GREATHOUSE
DIES IN SEOUL
Was Once Consul to Kanag-awa and
for Many Years Advisor to the
Korean Government.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 15.— The
Bte/uner Empress of India brings the tld
ingrs of the death of C. R. Greathous*.
who was Consul General of the United
States to Kanasawa.- Japan, from 18SC to
ISS3. lie died .it Seoul. October 21. At
the time of his death Mr. Grenthouse was
advisor to the Korean Government, a
position iie has held without interruption
during his ten years* residence In Korea.
The Emperor of Korea paid all funeral
exper.ses and ordered an escort of 200
Midlers to attend the obsequies. Mr.
Greathou^e was the author or a book of
Korean folk lore.
TWO FRENCH OFFICERS
SLAIN BY CHINESE
In Retaliation the Prefect of the
Province of Hainan and His
Gurboat Are Seized.
PARIS. Nov. 13.— Admiral Courrejoles
rabies from Kwang Chow Wang that two
of his officers who at Montao Imprudently
crossed The river were murdered by
Chinese. The French admiral then seized
the Prefect of the province of Hainan
and his gunboat.
The French Minister at Peking has h»en
Instructed to demand from the 'mimr 1..1
Yamen the punishment of the murderers
and the responsible authorities.
ORTEGA SUIT FILED.
Property Valued at Nearly a Million
Involved.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 15.— Papers In the suit
of the Ortega heirs to recover three
square leagues of land In the San Tsldro
tract near Gllroy were filed with County
Clerk Pflster to-day.' Action was recently
brought In San Francisco, but hy order
of Judge Dalngerfleld the case was trans
ferred here.
There are 114 plaintiffs, all being mem
bers of the Ilernal and Ortega families.
The defendants are about three score of
ranchers Jiving near old Gllroy. The
property In question Is worth nearly one
million dollars. The trouble results from
an alleged Illegal transfer of the land
grant In early days.
A DUBIOUS VICTORY.
The Union Bank Obtains Judgment
Against E. E. Thomas Fruit
Company.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 15.— Union Sav
1 ings Bank to-day obtained Judgment
; ngnlnst the E. K. Thomas Fruit Company
j in Judge Hyland's court for $.19,749 due on
a promissory note. Th« loan is secured
by a mortgage on twenty acres of land
near this city. This is a sample, of the
loans made by the defunct Union Bank
nnd It Is doubtful If one-fourth of the
amount loaned can be realized.
Laura Gillian Held.
▼ALLKJO, Nov. 15— The preliminary
examination of I^aura QUUaa, charged
with kflllriK John Flood n f«« wrek« ap,.
whs hel<l to-day before Justice of the
Browne. The evidence wa- sub-
Btantlally the sama as iriven at the Coro-
Inqoeat District Attorney Devlin
condOCted tno examination. She was held
to answer on a charge of murder.
Gerson Siegel Dead.
NEW TORK, Nov. IS.-Geraon Slejrol.
vice president of Slegel, Coonor X
• i i*-*i to-day at his home In this city after
;m Illness of three months. He "was 02
yenrs old. Heart trouble was the cause
of death.
How to Get the Best Ale.
Order Evans".
LABOR MENACED
BY THE TRUSTS
Combines Denounced
;•. by Workingmen. ":
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Nov. 15.— sessions of the
general assembly of the Knights of Labor
were continued to-day, with General Mas
ter Workman Parsons of New York In
the chair. After the appointment of com
mittees the committee on credentials re
ported that seventy delegates were pres
ent, out of a possible 105, and that several
others from Canada and the Far West
were expected to-day and to-morrow.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the reading of the reports and to an ad
dress by Charles H. Litchman, ex-secre
tary-treasurer of the order. General Mas
ter Workman John H. Parsons of New
York in his report said In part:
Since the convention at Chicago I have had
occasion to visit a number of locals. including
those of Chicago and Cleveland, and I feel
fully convinced that we are sorely in need of a
competent corps of organizers. During the
coming year the country will be again excited
over the" Issues that will arise in the contest
that will I- waged for the control of the af
fairs of this country for the succeeding four
yeais I think, therefore, that It behooves us
at this meeting of the general assembly to take
up some of these Issues In order that our rep
resentatives may be given the benefit of the
Judgment of all In the stand they may take
in the name of their order for the benefit of
the working people Perhaps the most impor
tant of these Issues will be the trusts, for who
has not observed the progress they are making
and who will contend that they carry any
charm for the wageworker? The concentration
of wealth as employed In the Industries of our
country has made many strikes during the
past few years, which have resulted to the
workingmen's detriment wherever such com
binations have been effected. It remains fur
.us to uphold the stand taken by the founders
of our order, who. through their foresight,
have seen the approach of the condition that
Ik fast coming on. How to meet It Is a ques
tion that should be given your careful consid
eration us the Knights of Labor, above nil
other organizations, will be expected to speak
on this important question.
The war Just closed with Spain has brought
us new possessions and practically a new peo
ple. How to deal with them Justly and wisely
and with a future regard for our economic
conditions Is ■ question also upon which the
Knights of Labor should be heard.
The report of Secretary-Treasurer
Hayes was submitted. The report of the
general executive board was read by J. G.
Schonfaeber of Maryland. In part it says:
We beg to suggest for discussion and adop
tion at this session of the order the re-estab
llshm<nt of a defense fund. Some steps should
be taken at this session to put three or four
lecturers and organizers In the field.
Immediately after the adjournment of the
(tenrnii sssembly In Chicago the. majority of
the general executive !>oßrd met In Washing
ton and took up the settlement of the Powderly
case. Mr Wderly agreed to accept our set
tlement and withdraw nil milts against the or
der. The secretary's report shows that Mr.
l'owderlv arcepted $I.W) as a settlement of back
snlar\- <lv» him. the amount which we had at
all times »»»en ready to pay him In settlement
In full However, our claims against Powderly
for the use of the order's name and his serv
ices In the publication of the Labor Day An
nual remain unsettled. While the .majority
of the board are not vet satisfied as to the
be^t course to pursue In reference to this lat
ter matter, we are of the oplnivt that m.-
thing ought to be done by authority £>t the gen
eral assembly.
The delegates wore given a banquet at
the American House to-night.
YELLOW ROBES
AND NIRVANAH
"Iff Friend From India." at the Al
a k;iv. good comedy, an oddly
cast support and U R BtOCkWelL The
bouse la full and the house is m«rry,
:i o'd< ek .-irt'. all's well.
Even now, when the Klrvanah fad has
gone the way of fads, T.ly Friend From
India" is funny of itself. The thins bur
lesqued >.:i» died, but the burlesque lives.
If there were more such plays written
this would be a far more cheerful world.
Mr. Stotkwell plays the greasy barber
with unpleasant realism and masterly
certainty. He is grotesque even unto fas
cination, and eyes follow him willy-nilly
from enter to exit. .'
The various characters v.-ho were writ
ten around the barber appear to have
been dealt out after a thorough shuffle
an«! the result Is for the most part disas
trous. The brittle Mr. l>«-nlth<irne sows
Charlie Undernolt's wild oats conscien
tiously, but be does not take kindly to the
occupation. Mr. Ormonde, always more
pleasing in straight parts. Is Irritating as
the father, and Ilia* Crosby makes a
clumsy attempt at the servant It makes
one shudder to see her scepter a dust
pan. We are used to Miss Crosby, the
princess.
Miss Howe and Mis« Henry are at their
best. The whole performance is more
subdued than the last, and the fact that
It will. run another week means much. It
will have time to Improve.
Our best months in the theater year
always come aft«-r the holidays. By that
time" companies have m."i.' the Eastern
rounds and they are ready to cross th»
Rockies for pastures new.
So far the Columbia Reason has been
disappointing, although its preseni farce
Is far better than predecessors. But the
bookings for futur.- w.-.-ks shine brightly.
"Why Smith Left Horn." has one w--.lt
more to run. and then com«-s "Slx-ikui
donh." It Is to be full of hones and < :m
bob and rough riders, while Incidentally
■ v i\ cast is promised. Later on our
bless, d old friend. Frederick Warde, will
be here though not with tin- James-
Kldd<r combination, more's the pity.
The California management won't tell
all it knows, but at any rat.> the Fraw
levs ar<- on Its books. "Yon Xonson"
<•[>♦ ns next week.
"Evangellne" at the r.rand. "Old Ken
tucky" at the Alhambra and grand and
comic oners again *.( the Tivoli. Ryan
and Richileid will continue at the '»» > r .
pheum. Sarah COMBTOCK.
ORPHEUM GEMS AND
THEATRICAL ECHOES
First-class vaudeville Is Instructive as
I well as entertaining, and the bill at the
I Orpheum Is ample testimony to this as
; sertion.- If you visit that Justly popular
place of amusement this week a kalei
doscopic procession of vaudeville acts will
pass, before your eye that are worthy of
I your strictest attention. Leo Carle comes
I at the head of this parade with his light
! ning change nets of eight different char
acter changes, and he Is followed by
i Vinle De Witt, a cornetlst of remarkable
talent. She overcomes the technicalities
of cornet playing with a nicety that Is
: really refreshing. The trills, runs, scales
and octaves which form the various vari
ations of her solos are executed with an
t-usc decidedly praiseworthy. That Vinia
i >.■ Witt is an artist on the cornet cannot
bo disputed, although she harbors a few
stage mannerisms .which would not be
missed should she ever abandon them.
Hut the brightest star of them all Is
Marguerite Cornllle, the clever little j
French soubrette. This dashing girl is j
certainly a Jewel, for besides a distinct
brilliancy in dramatic declamation, she
sings with understanding, pronounces dis
tinctly every syllable and notwithstand
ing a brogue, which she executed In a
! bewitching manner, her English may
easily be understood Her execution is
delightful. Both as a vocalist and actress
Cornllle is entitled to first honors. Add
thereto the fact that she Is a very hand
some woman and you can picture to your
self the treat in store for you If you visit I
; the Orpheum. Cherlda Simpson plays a
piano with mandolin attachment very ef
fectively. A clever comedy sketch by
Ryan and Rttchflcld Is another feature.
The rush of seats at the box office of
the Tlvoll is another proof of the ap
preciation of the public for good per
formances. Both operas. "Patience" and
I "The Masked. Ball." captivated the audi
ences, with the result that since the first
performances the sale of seats has broken
all records. „
• • •
At the Steeplechase the popularity of
the Coney Island novelties from New
York Increases. Nothing has ever been
seen in this city like the razzle-dazzle
and young and old crowd Its gates as
; long as the park is open On Saturday
Professor Hill, who has shown himself to
be a skilled expert on the high wire will
throw OH to the children. These excit
ing scrambles will occur at half-past 10
and half-past 8 o'clock.
• • •
"The Merry Monarch" successfully
continues to wield his scepter at the
UNSEATING OF
SENATOR CLARK
THEIR OBJECT
Plans of Montanans Who Are
Back of the Prosecution of
John B. Wellcome.
HELENA. Mont.. Nov. 15.— case of
Attorney John B. Wellcome in disbarment
proceedings has been on trial here In the
Supreme Court for the past ten days, and
political circles are again agitated
throughout the State. Many members of
the Legislature are at the capital, and a
large number of witnesses are present
from every county In the State.
The suit was brought by the Attorney
General at the Instance of Fred White
side, ex-Senator, who seeks to deprive
Wellcome of the right to practice In the
State courts on the ground that he was
the agent of W. A. Clark during the ses
sion of the last Legislature and Improp
erly disbursed funds in the Senatorial con
test.
The Democratic party of the State Is
now, and has been for several years, dl
vided Into two factions, the controlling
forces being directed on the one side by
Marcus Daly and on the other side by W.
A. Clark. Just how. long this factional
fight has been going on no one seems to
definitely know, but all agree that it had
its origin many years ago. Twice the In
fluence of Daly, so it is claimed, has de
feated the political aspirations of Clark,
once as delegate to Congress, and again
for the United States Senate In 1893. The
strength of the Clark faction was thrown
to Helena In the contest for the location
of the capital, and resulted in the defeat
of the Anaconda Influence, and afterward
Clark succeeded In getting sleeted to the
United States Senate, so up to the present
time honors have been about even. These
contests for the political supremacy of
the State have been waged so bitterly that
It Is almost Impossible to find any one In
the State who is- not strongly In sympa
thy with on« side or the other.
Both leaders are multi-millionaires,
bankers, employ a large number of men,
have newspapers to back up their opin
ions and are directly Interested in mining
and nearly every other enterprise that
has been beneficial In the material devel
opment of the State. •
The friends of Clark openly assert with
out reserve that the present suit is not
really directed at Wellcome, but that the
underlying motive is to establish a court
record which can be used at Washington
as the foundation of a protest against the
seating of Clark in the United States Sen
ate. The friends of Daly, on the other
hand, claim that the present action Is
purely in the Interest of honest politics,
and that Mr. Daly is not personally Inter
ested in the case. Some of them mildly
admit, however, that should the ruling of
the Supreme Court result in the disbar
ment of Wellcome the evidence would be
used In a protest against seating Clark.
While this factional warfare is being
waged by the Democrats the Republicans
are quietly encouraging the fight, hoping
to keep the party divided and thereby'
Ornnd Opera-hnuse. Monday evening
Rice's "Evangellne" will be produr»-il on
a superb scale. Several n«w and imper
ial.t f -n«:iK«-ments have l>e*>n mad.- for It.
Harry <*<ir«:on .Olnrke and his merry
com] any are -Towdinp the California The
ater this week with ".vtaT Happened to
.Jones win appear for the last
time Sunday afternoon, a\d Sunday nlpht
"Yon Tbnson." the flrsi and most endur-
Inc Swedish dialect comedy s';iki-c1 will
begin a week's engagement The company
Includes Arthur Donaldiion, a baryl
wn; Edith Hull, a San Prandaco fn
vorite; Anna Mick Berlein, a Kr.-at char
acter woman; other ;■• ■ •,■!• of renown, ariil
th<- "Lumbermen's quart* t "
The f.-atu're of tin amateur performance.
at th»- Chutes Theater to-night will b<» the
"Mikado Mlnstri la," an oriKlnal concep
tion.
AT.FIU-P MKT7/SER
DR. STALLARD DEAD.
Passed Awny in Menlo Park After
an Operation.
MKNI.o PARK. Nov. IS.— Dr. J. TT. St-il
lard. an old resident of this place, hi dead
The doctor had underline an operation
and seemed to be Improving, but his
bronchial tuh"s were effected and he
choked to deaf h.
Dr. Btallard war connecte.l with the
Medical School of r-allfornia and In con-
Junctlnn with Dr Jordan had lately pub
lished a 1 k on "The Basis of Eco
nomics."
Suit Withdrawn.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 15.-. T. W.
Nier. the Southern Pacific Company's
right of way agent. sal<! to-day that J. C.
Anderson had deeiled the Company the
needed strip through his land near thi*
city and the condemnation suit pending
against him has been withdrawn. Nego
tiations are pending with several others,
against whom proceedings had been Insti
tuted, nnd It Is Is expected the right of
way required between Santa Barbara and
Bllwood will be pecure.l immediately
without further litigation.
Directors Elected.
PRKSCOTT. Ariz . Nov. Ik- The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Santa
F<-. I'rescott and Phoenix Railroad Com
pany was held to-day, resulting in the re
election of the oid board of directors aa
follows: I" II Murphj ar..i i: j: Gage of
Prescott. iv M. Flurv. C. C. Bowen Sim >n
J Murphy and .lav M.,rt..n of I ».-r r. -it N
X Falrbank. Cl. \V. KietzlnKer nnd Rob
ert IfcCurdy of Chicago The directors'
meeting will be held In Chicago next
w.-.-k It Is understood the present offi
cers will be re-elected.
HJ they wear just as well as . VB
HI they look. They will give satisfaction from the day^^H
El they are first worn till they are threadbare. X
H We do not fear the "Money Returned" principle — X
re ycu needn't either — it's all your way. lgj
j| . Our repairing guarantee, which is good for a year, B
m • makes your suit or overcoat certain — you don't run any B
hpb rl * '"'• B
ma We are anxious to supply you with samples ask jj£
HI or send fo them. g|
1 S. N. WOOD & CO., I
EH 718 Market Street and gjj
W Cor. Pohc.l and liddy. n
elect the next legislature and return Car
ter as his own successor to the United
States Senate.
Some of the more conservative citizens
deplore the fact that two men so closely
allied with the commercial Interests of
the State should be opposed to each other
when there are apparently so many rea
sons why they should be the best of
friends.
The case now on trial has developed
some Interesting political history and
opened again all the evidence in connec
tion with the alleged bribery case of the
last Legislature.
A:- a matter of history. It will be remem
bered that there were numerous charges
of bribery: t..at an Investigating mmmlt
t.o W a« appointed: that Senator White
side produced and turned over to the
committee 00.000, which he alleged had
been given him by Attorney Wellcome to
secure his own and two other votes for
Clark. Later the matter was laid before
the Orand Jury of Lewis and Clark Coun
ty for action. After examining forty-four
witnesses the finding of the Jury was that
while there had been some evidence tf-nd-
Ing to show that money had been used in
the election of a I'nlted States Senator,
the evidence, taken altogether, was not
sufficient to warrant a conviction by a
trial jury.
After these developments J. H. Oe'<rer
Republican, of Flathead County entered
a contest for the seat of Whitestde. an-1
the Clark Democrats, voting with the Re
ptlbltcans, unseated Whltesldf and pented
Gelger. Three days later W. A. cinrk
w:is elected to th»- Senate, receiving fifty
four of the ninety rotes cast. Including
the votes of Geiger and ten other Repub
licans.
In the case now on trial the proscutlon
has closed, and claims it has made a
strong ease— just how strong remains to
be v. en after the evidence of the defense
hns been taken.
A portion of the evidence taken by the
prosecution related to conversations be
tween the members of the Legislature,
and also to the financial standing of cer
tain members before and after the meet-
Ing of thf Legislature. The defense oh
jected to thin class of evidence, and the
court ruled that conversations should b«
stricken out, but that accounts of money
paid to members should remain on tn«
record,
The witnesses for the defense are now
being examined. The time to-day w.is
devoted mostly to the examination <-t
character witnesses. Before beginning
the examination this afternoon chief Jus
tic.- Hrantly cautioned the newspapers
■gainst ht-lnn too tt'-f In their comment*
upon the trial. Th»- chief Justice said
that the tone of certain comments upon
the trial looked as though an effort were
f>»-lng made to intimidate the witnesses
and Influence the court. This must stop.
and the notire. If not obeyed, would re
sult In the cttlng of the responsible per
sont for contempt.
JUDICIAL BLOW
AT REPUBLICANS
Decision Affecting the
Kentucky Count.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. 15.— Judge Sterling
B. Ton*>y. whose mandamus Issued on
election Cay for the admission of Honest
Election .League inspectors to polling
places caused the principal excitement of
ti.it day, and the alleged disregard of
which caused Governor Bradley to order
troop* to the pcMlng places on the evening
of November 7, was to-day restrained by
the ,^'.iie court at Frankfort from
taking any further action in the contempt
cases growing out of the order. f^
Yesterday thirty-five alleged violators
of Judge Toney's orders were bound over
by him in the sum of $500. To-day he was
proceeding with the cases and had sen
tenced one prisoner to thirty hours In jail
when the order of the appellate court
was received. The official count to-day
has brought no changes In the estimate
for Governor.
Qoebel gained 52 votes this afternoon on
the official count of the return* from this
city. It was In the First Precinct of the
Eighth Ward. Aside from this there was
no change in the situation to-day. It is
thought the canvassing of the Jefferson
County votes will be completed In a few
days. Then the whole question will be
put before the State Board, which will
meet at Frankfort some time between
now and December 4.
FRANKFORT. Nov. 15— There Is re
newed confidence around the Goebel head
quarters to-night, probably as a result of
the decision of the Court of Appeals to
day, dealing an expected blow to the Re
publicans by ■ ruling which practically
decides In advance adversely the man
damus suits tiled by the Taylor attorneys
In several counties to compel the County
Election Commissioners to certify the
vote. It Is probable now that the Jeffer
ion County Board, which Includes Louis
ville will proceeed to throw out several
precincts In that city contented on
grounds of fraud, and especially where
the State militia was present or near the
polls on election day. It Is claimed here
to-night that Taylor's 21.0K) plurality in
the city of Louisville may now be almost
wiped out.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Patience.Thy Name Is Woman
The patience of women Is proverbial,
and It argues a patience almost more
than human which enable* them to en-
dure so much pain and suffering, which
the Joyful experience of their happier
sisters ought surely to Induce them to
escape from.
"I suffered from female sickness for
fifteen years." writes Mrs. A. C. Scott,
Le Roy. Colo., "suffered untold agonies
—doctors could not give me any relief.
A lady friend told me to get Warner's
Safe Cure. I got a bottle and 1 helped
me right away. I have taken six bot-
tles and my health is better than it
has been for twenty years."
And Mrs. L. B. Smith of Ballstote
Spa, N. T., after recounting how sh«
was almost providentially led to the us#
of Warner's Safe Cure, thus recount*
the happy results: "My nervousness 1«
all gone; I am able to do lots of work
and am cheerful, for I can now sajr
what I could not at one time — that Is.
that everything looks bright and life !s
worth the living."
Use Warner's Safe Cure. It will re-
store the rose to your cheek and the
j brightness to your eye. and will make-
1 you what you were Intended to be. a
[helpmate to your husha: \.
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY,
Land Located in the Vary Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Bur-rounded by Flowing Wells
Midway Between
Coalinga and McKittrick Districts,
110 ACRES.
Title United Statea Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
•at* for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Ptock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
Ban Francisco. Cat.
AUCTION
BT
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street,
THIS DAY.
Thursday, Nov. 16, 1899,
At 12 M. Sharp.
VAN NESS AYE AUTISTIC HOME.
KxKO--Wn Van New. 8. of Pacific; IZ-roora
hruae: the most nrtlstl: front In the city;
I owcer leaves country.
NEAR ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH;
RENTS $130.
BJaH l-s Cohen place, off K'lln. W. of Lear*
enworth: I modern flats; retu~»<! present rent
> $130: & minutes' walk from Market at.
HANDSOME lIATES-ST. DWELLINO.
26x71—1307 Hayes; * rooms and bath; I ear
, lines; key lot; sunny: attractive home; naasa
{ to be seen to be appreciated.
! CORNER LEAVENWORTH AND BROAD*
WAY; RENTS $21
| 40*«J— S. E. cor. Leavenworth and Broadway;
] houses; rent" 13^ . aali without limit by order
I of referee; 1«M-162* Leavenworth; 1131 Broad-
way.
CORNER COUCH AND PINE.
«x«l— lrregular: \790 Pine; S. E. cor. of pin*
' and Hough. cnotce neighborhood, adjoining
home of J. F. Kennedy Esq.. and facing home
of M J. McDonald Esq.
OCTAVIA CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND
HAIOHT.
»7.«»IO— N. W. cor. Ortavla and Rose; ■ to
U& Ortavla: S dwellings; rents $30.
CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME; RENTS OIL
a«xi7:»— line of California. 70 feet B.
of Pierce; 26T7 California; coeey 7-room modem
i dwelling.
11 LOTS. FOUNTAIN. NEAR TWENTT-
FIFTH ST.
N. W. cor. Fountain and Twenty-fifth rta.— U
I lots, with corner fttSJM; rest lixlOO and CxllO;
as a whole or In lot*.
NOE. S. OF NINETEENTH. 7 LOTS.
174x125— West line of No*. S of Nineteenth St.;
as a whole or In 7 lets; a number >>: new
buildings In this block are sold and occupied.
FREDERICK. NEAP. COLE.
ISxU7:*— Splendid for a dwelling or flats; 8.
Una of Frederick. ISO west of Col*.
GUERRERO-ST. DWELLINO.
J4:«xl2S— mi Guerrero. E. line. 221 ft. 8. of
Twenty-fifth; I rooms and bath; modern;
Twenty-fifth at. now runs through from Saa
Jose are.
2 M-VARA, KEARNT AND LOMBARD.
275 on Kearny. 137:1 on Lombard 117 <-*
Chestnut: whole or In divisions; 4 old iMNasaa;
large demand for cheap homes In that neigh-
borhood.
BTTLISH DWELLINO: RENT $».
«:lxl07:«—No. 1917 Vallejo. W. of Ortavu;
10-room modern home; marina view; rant SIS.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
a DO >«T DESPAIR! DonotSnf-
far Longer! The Jevs and ambition* of
life ran berettoredto yon. Th* very
-or.t <■-•-. of >rr»oo. l»eM|lt T are
absoloteljr cured by PtßfL'rlO
TABLETS. Olve prompt relief to in
somnia falling memory and the wait*
and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
imllM-retiona or ezcerses of early years.
Impart vliror and potency to every func-
tion Brace op the ijri'tra Olve >SBJav bloom to the
cheeks and limtra to the evee of f_-^i\youat or old.
One Mr box renews vital energy. UlfJa boxes at
• !.IO a complete guarantee] cure YrfTTTor money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest > «***- pocket. Soli
e»ery where, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt ©»
price by Till rurtvro Co., tutu SMB., Caleafle, in.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. V. and OttMSSjft
H^D aW i^l^L "HS •■ fij^^^^Gn
a^a^BS^aUa^ave^ll^^3B^Jßv)a^afi*l^x^^Bs^aM^9S
111 1 j BBBBd| | pi j
B^JLv^aaM» (^UssMLMbMaaHaLSl
gg2g|SDR.fIALL'S BEINVIGORATOR
■fl^nt^fl Fl»e hundred reward for any
g^^ case wa cannot cur*. This secret
i \f remedy stops all loeaea la 14
jL^J EtkH h° ur «' cures Emissions. Imp*.
Bag rrmedy Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
I hours, curea Emlssluna, Imp-v.
WJffj tmcy. Varlcocala. Oonorrr. »*.
£»J U|iV Gleet. Fits. Stricture*. L*ec
__P(R Manhood and all wasting affects
• — — ' of self-abuse, or excesses. Sent
aealtd. H bottle; I bottlaa. It, guaranteed :»
cmre incut. Address HALL 8 MEDICAL IN.
•TITUTX, W Broadway. Oakland. Cai. Ala*
tet Mia at 1«7IH Market at. 8. F. All private
•>••*•• «ulcJUjr cure*, bead Ist in* fe9«k»
34
SHOT DOWN BY
A CHINAMAN
Charles Jones Injured
Near Tamalpais.
THREW STONES AT A DOG
HIS TWO COMPANIONS HAVE A
NARROW ESCAPE.
The Hen. Made an Excellent Target
for the Celestial's Rifle in
the Bright Moon
light.
TAMALPAIS. Nov. 13.— Charles Jones,
coachman for Fred A. Boole of Ross Sta
tion, was shot und perhaps mortally
■wounded about 1 o'clock this morning by
a Chinese named Ah Chow, who Is em
ployed in a laundry three- fourths of c
mile north of this place. Chow was ar
rcMed by Sheriff Tayjor and is now con-
Xhied in the County Jail at San Rafael.
No charge has been j)lacod against him
landing the result of Jones' wound.
Jones, whow family is one of the old
est and most highly rejected In Maria
County, left E.scalUer's ivsort at midnight
In company with a teamster named Ed
ward McNaraara. and .!..«•» Reynolds,
coflohmnn for Mrs. liarUr. The young
men strolled along the road toward Ross
Btation until they reached the Chinese
laundry, which is conducted by Ah Jim.
According to the stutementa of Jones and
Reynolds two dogs owned by the Chi
nese ran out and barked at them. Rey
nolds ricked up a few stones and hurled
them at the dogs, which were frightened
away. Two of the locks struck the laun
t'ry. but the young: tellowi thought noth
ing of ilils and continued on their way.
After they had progressed a hundred
yards they heard tha Bound of hurried
*tej>s behind them and on looking around
beheld two Chinese In pursuit, one of
*h»ra carried a rifle. Seeing the gun
Jteynolds ran up the road and McNamara
Hung 1 himself down near a fence, but
Jones lui)t up his cult as if nothing
were, the matter. Suddenly th« report
of a rifle rang out and Jones dropped to
the oarth with a groan of pain. Mc-
Namara then Jumped to his feet and cut
across the. JUid in the. direction of San
Ansclmo. Ah ho run the Chinese shot
once at him. but the bullet mUsed its
mark. A fuil moon was In the heavens
nt the time and a man offered a good
mark for a leaden pellet.
Returning In a short time with several
friends Reynolds procured a team and
took Jones to Ban Rafael, where Dr. W.
J. Wlckraan j>robed for the bullet but
failed to locate lv The ball entered the
back of the neck to tho right of the
cervical vertebrae and lodged at a point
where Dr. Wlckman concluded it would bo
dangerous to probe for it without a
ktiuwlMge of its exact location. Jone*
waf then carried on a stretcher to tho
ofiW ol" Dr. H. O. Howitt. After a
consultation between the two physi
cians it was d«-cidt»d best to send tha
woundi-d man to San Francisco, and
he »w first tnk«n by mistake to St.
Luke's Hospital on the 11:10 a. m. train.
From St. Luke's lie was rent to the Lane
Hospital. District Attorney Mclsaac left
Ban Rafael on the 3:O p. m. train to tak»
Jotii-w' statement, as ho Is so weak that
his life h.is tM«on despaired of.
Ah Chow >•■ a.i.l;. refuses to make any
rtatement, and to all Questions of the
authorities mak<-s the ono reply, "No
F.il»e." Ah Jim's laundry ... formerly
located at Hush Station, but the aristo
cratic residents of that section took of
lense at its proximity tci their übodes and
Induet-d the own.-r of tho building to re
fuso to let It to the Chinaman any
longer. Jim then bought the property
near this ;>lace and has since conducted
his laundry there. It Is said that small
boys have frequently annoyed him by
throwing stones at his house at night
and hnve broken several windows. Think
ing that Jones and his companions be
longed to the same oC midnight
marauders it is probable that they to.ik
summary vengeance in accordance with
the true Celestial notion on the subject.
Jores* family lives at San Antonio, and
his brother Hubert is a g-uard at San
yuentin. Guard Jon>-s was deeply af
1 «.k t'-d when he heard of the affair to-da.y
and went to San Francisco with his
wounded relative. The injured man Is
single and aged 2C years.
•d from Jones'
I
■ ■
OREGON OVERLAND
WRECKED AT GAZELLES
Two of the Sleepers Left the Track,
but None of the Passengers
Were Seriously Injured.
DCXSMUIR. Nov. tt.-The Oregon
overland train, which left San Francisco
last evening, mot with an accident two
miles east of Gcze!le station at 11 o'clock
to-day.
Two of the sVf ling-cars left the rails
and turned over on their sides. While
ull the passengers were wvwfiy shaken
up and more or less bruised all escaped
•without M-riuus Injury.
A wn-cKlng 'rain promptly left this city
and at one.* proceeded to clear the wreck
The overland cxx.re** due In San Fran
cisco to-morrow morning will be several
hours late because of the accident-
GOLIJSWORTHY ARRAIGNED.
Believed That He Will Enter a Plea
of Insanity.
STOCKTON. Nov. ]5 -Tho arr^t of W
J. Goldsworthy, formally charged with
burglary In entering a building with In
tent to commit arson, is still the main
topic of conversation here H o was
.nrralrreil this morning and his prelimin
ary trial set for n«xt Saturday at 10
a. m.
It Is now probable that his defense will
tw Insanity, and this Is borne out by the
fact that his attorney has made no a -
tempt to raise the }S«W ball, for the prob
eble reason that the Insanity plea might
be regarded as thin under the clrcum
titances. His store, -which wan attached
l! i*L rl f ht b F the Baa Francisco Board
of Trade for over S»». Is still closed.
Crushed Under a Twin.
:5-Tim Mullen, a
•heap bos* employed hy p?.m WhH*>r, a
ver n
V.- ••■■ ■ ; ':.-.:
From
J. J. MEDER & ZOON,
SCHIEDAM, HOLLAND.
%\sa^%m.
CHAWXS MKTNECKF: & CO.,
At*JilM I'm. C ..att. 214 B«crtusento Btreet
Eka rranclsoo. Cai.
%%m^m.
freight train thl* evening received injuries
from which be died ■ few hours later, the
-.rain suddenly starting and throwing him
cars Hla head waa crushed
:ind 01 -ken. Yest.-rday an old
tting off the freight train.
.m<i will probably ate
I — injuries.
NOT A JUROR HAS
YET BEEN SWORN
Slow Progress Made in the Trial of
Roland B. Molineux for
Murder.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— The trial of Ro
land R Mollneux. charged with the death
of Mrs. Katherlne J. Adams, was contin
ued before Recorder (.Jon* in the Court of
General Sessions to-day. Efforts were di
rected toward securing a jury. but. not
withstanding the fact that forty-six tales
men were examined, not one Juror was
chosen. ■:. '.'■'.
I Barlow Weeks, counsel for the defense,
or one of his assistants, closely questioned
each of the talesmen, asking for deiinl
tions of terms and propounding hypotheti
cal questions until Recorder Goff severely
condemned the practice or any attempt
whatever to confuse citizens summoned
for Jury duty.
The defense used Its first peremptory
challenge late In the afternoon after Louis
Jacobs apparently passed a searching ex
amination. The defense used a second
peremptory challenge, refusing to accept
oa a Juror Richard L. Treuflurth. a for
mer steward of the New York Club after
the State had announced its willingness
to have him sit in the Jury-box.
Of those men who failed to qualify,
seven objected to the death penalty,
about the same number declared their un
willingness to convict on circumstantial
evidence, a half score were unable to de
fine the meaning of terms submitted by
th« counsel, live had an Insufficient
| knowledge of the English language, and
I the others, except those peremptorily
< challenged, were excused on the various
•■ grounds of general consent, 111-health and
j old age.
DENSMORE EXONERATED
BY A CORONER'S JURY
Testimony of the Two Witnesses
Shows That Max-well Fired the
First Shot.
GALLUP. N. M.. Nov. 15.— The Coro
ner's Jury this morning rendered a ver
dietd ict of Justifiable homicide in the case
of I* E. Densmore for the killing of John
Maxwell in a duel with firearms fifteen
miles northwest of here yesterday even-
Ing upon the testimony of Jose Baca and
Antonio Esqulbel. two Mexicans, who
were the only witnesses to the tragedy,
and state that the deceased was tho ag
gressor, having lir.d the first shot.
It appears that the men were both
drinking heavily a:. ' hod quarreled and
threatened to tight several times on the
road during the day. but wen prevented
by Baca, who deprived them of their
weapons. Finally, after th.Mr differences
1 had apparently been satisfactorily ad-
Justed, the quarrel began afresh and Max
well opened fire with a stz-shooter, firing
six shots, one of which took effect in his
i antagonist's right thigh, wounding him
| badly but not fatally. Densmore returned
the fire with a Winchester, firing eight
shots, five of which took feel In differ-
nt pans of Maxwell's body, killing him
aJmi st instantly.
Both men were about 43 years of age
and both were married. They were on
their way to the Navajo Indian reser
vation to work on some Government
buildings.
PANAMA MAKES A
PLEA FOR ANNEXATION
Application Is Denied, as It Might
Jeopardize the Friendly Relations
of t\e Bogota Government.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Panama, one
of the States of the United States of Co
lombia, has applied to the United States
lor annexation.
: i raring for pome
ilntain an lnd<
fr..m thr. remaining States of the Colom
bian : i. hut its national • I
.
Is not an lnd»- "mtr.t,
ed it
:■ ■ :
• mm>-nt with this country
i and the application has i •■
WILL SEARCH FOR THE
MISSING ENGINEERS
Party Under the Leadership of Cap-
tain AJfonso Smith Leaves
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 13.— A search
party under the leadership of Captain
Alfonso Smith left here to-day for San
Jorge Bay. on the Gulf of California, to
attempt to learn the fate of the four i^ur
vlvors of the Yuma and Gulf of Cali
fornia Railroad engineering party, who
were lost on th« nay In October last.
President Diaz has been appealed to and
will send the Mexican gunboat Democrats
to San Jorge Bay to meet the searching
party there and assist In the search. The
Fhore on both sides of the bay will be
visited. The party from here will go to
GUa Bend, Arizona, and thence straight
across Sonora to the bay, occupying about
four days on the trip. A son of 11. a.
I'nruh. manager for E. J. Baldwin, Is one
of those lost.
OFFICERS ELECTED.
Scr sion of the Northern District Mcd-
ical Society in Marysville.
MARYSVILLE. Nov. 15— During the ses
sion of the California Northern District
Medical Society held in this <;•.. Dr. E.
W. Hanlon, a Mnrysvllle physician, in
connection with his paper on "Hodg
kinii' Disease." introduced a patient who
Is a victim of th« rare complaint. Tho
case excited unusual Interest among the
doctors. t>ring the first of the kind most
of them ad met.
The ses.-tons were presided over by Dr.
W. EL Bri| of Sacramento. Mayor
Brook* on behalf of the city and Drs.
Powell and rcory for the medical society
of Yuba ?nd Sinter counties, delivered
addresses of welcome. Dr. Stausbury of
Chlco read a very interesting paper on
"A Few Cases in Practice." The selec
tion of its next meeting place was left to
Its president and secretary.
Officers for the ensuing: year were elect
ed as follows: President, William Ellery
Brings of Sacramento; first vice presi
dent, C. W. Jones of Grass Valley; sec
ond vice president, E. W. Hanlon, Marys
vllle: third vice president. P. W. Carpen
ter, Knights Landing; secretary, Elmer
' F. Btor.^. Marysvllle; treasurer. O. Btans
bury, Chico. Board of censors— James
'H. Parkinson. Sacramento; John Fife
, Red Bluff: A. M Henderson, Sacra
mento: A. H. Ttckell. Nevada City, and
; T. B. Reardon, Oroville,
A committee was appointed to draft
rf.«olut!ons of rf.«p<>ct to the memory of
Dr. E. B. X' berta m of Jackson. Amador
County, a member of the society who
died durinß the year.
In the evening th© vlsJtlnp physicians
were the jniests of tho medical society of
Yuba and Butter counties at a banquet in '
the v »tern Hotel.
Kautz Declines.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. IS.- Rear Admiral
Kautz. commanding the Pacific squadron,
has notified the Chamber of Commerce
here that he will not bo able to accept
tho Invitation to attend with a warship
the ceremonies of presenting medals to
the volunteers in this city on November
SO, but that Bbortlv after that dato tho
'"*» and Philadelphia will cruise In
Southern California waters.
Ended His Life.
LOS ANGELES. Wot. 15.— Barney
O'Connor, formerly a fruit dealer of this
rltv. committed suicide In a Second street
lodplnp house this morning by shooting
himself throußh the head. Despondency
caused by excessive drinkinj? is the sup
posed him-.
Wanted for Embezzlement.
SALINAS. Nov. Walter J. Cook, a
rmmc man from Holllstor. was arrested
£IC/.°I C /.°~ d . ay by i.. ...oiive Frost when
about to leave town. Cook Is wanted for
embezzlement In Holllstcr and will be
taHen thoro to-morrow.
Anarchists Suppressed.
BERLIN. Nov. 15.— The police to-day
fordbly °lvcd an anarchist meeting
cutlolia of C l^ memOrale th? Chlca « 0 cxc -
TUP: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16. 1809.
SPOOKS TALKED
TO MRS. GRIFFIN
Startling Testimony in a
Will Contest.
FATHER ROGERS AS WITNESS
WHY THE TESTATRIX WAS LATE
AT DIVINE SERVICE.
General Cobb and Attorney Mullany
Engage in Vitriolic Repartee
and Attorney Keys Be
comes Gleeful.
Special Dispatch to Th«s CalL
SAN HAI-AKL, NuV. IB.— Mrs. Ellon
Qrlfflo <>f Tomales, the deceased woman
over the partition of irhoaa wealth a
lively legal battle ia new being waged
in the Buperior Court, nsi >;>ooks.
in fact, according t>> Rev. Father John
Rogers, Mrs. Uritun was on suoh friendly
terms with these shadowy denlsan* of
plritual world that she received ad
rom iiu-iii on tilings temporaL She
• • d tltis advice anil created so much
amusement Cor those of merely human
understanding that It is probablu Patrick
Ifulvaney and his two ( hildren will be
able i') lay hlTHlw on a few thousands of
dollars which otherwise might have been
denied them.
Griffin came to church one day,"
said Father Rog< rs, "and was wo late in
arriving that after sen ice 1 asked her
the reason why. In response she in
tonned me that the spirit of a Gartner's
duughter had appeared to her as she was
g the house and advised her to tie
her t'-am to a fence and walk two miles
to church. She did this and was late
In arriving on account "f the fact. She
told me at another tlnu- that a ghost
had appeared t.> h«-r, nml sooffed at my
;. ihat th«-pe specters were the re
sult i>f ili) overexcited Imagination."
Thi uite a tlurry In
court and Attorney Reyi wore
the cau«e f->r numerous objections by At
torney Mullany. but Judge Angellottl was
of tho opinion that the questions were
permissible Vfter a heated objection by
Slvill^ ; <"". ,i>i. Rr..sf and 'l.vlared
that he was ■•.irod of surh tomfoolery."
A war of words followed, M lllanv criiw
lng irnt^ over ■ I -• ir.l. l as an In
sult, whereupon Cobb again arose and
Rmvely withdrew the prefix "toni "
Laughter on the pail of th<» «pectn'..r*
made Judge Angellottl frown and Sh.-riff
Taylor had to ran for order. Attorney
Keys er. \\ ■ 1 t'.. court waited
for him t himself.
Cn«h r Bostick of th*> Tomal»«« TJank
to^ti:i-d thai Mr- Urtmn was undoubt
t unsound mind: that one occa
sion »he had come into the hank and de-
I a large sum of money and had
afterward 'n slarm to search
for It. th!nklntr sho had lost It. Plmllnr
riven in detfUl by the wit
•
James Griffin, a eon. who was left a
goodly shnre of th» estate and will lose
considerable If the will Is set aside, testi
fied thnt he deemed his mother of un
sound mind. ERie once came to his house
In a dress thai had no sleeves.
Several other witnesses gave evidence
of a corroborative nnt^ire. It Is prob
abln that the defendant. Mrs. O'Connor,
will not get an Inning until next Satur
day or Monday.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Army Orders
and Pensions Granted.
"WASHINGTON*, Nov. 15.— The following
California Postmasters were appointed to
day: Giant, Contra Costa County. Annie
Roscnbaum. vice N. m. Jxmge, removed;
Lami sa. San Dlejro County, B. W.
Btrachan. vice S. J. Ann. w. resigned:
Lonoak. Monterey County. John Rist, vice
G. F. Baldwin, resigned; MaUlija. Ventura
County. W. C. Hlumhenr. vi. A. W
Klmnl" ix. dead; Oleander. Fresno Coun
ty. R. O. Taylor, vice E. W. Wilson, r*>
sipned; Topaz. Mono County. C. W.
Rickey, vice P. C. Wilder, removed; Vic
tor, Pan B< rnardlno County, N. J. Turner,
vice i". J. Turner, dead.
Huntinjrton, Or., has been made a Presi
dential olllce.
The LlSbthouM Roard says that about
December 1 the color of the cage on top
of the Iron spindle on Anita Bock. Inside
the entrance to San Francisco harbor on
its southerly side, will be chanpred from
red and black in horizontal stripes to
whit.-. The coloring of the shaft of the
spindle will not be changed.
Army orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War, Electrician Bur-
K* on Vlppo J. L. Jorpensen. now at Fort
Winfleld Scott, will be pent to Anjrel I-]
and. Captain Lewis M. Koehler. Fourth
Cavalry, will proceed to San Francisco
and report In person to the commanding
peneral of the Department of California.
Private R. A. Rimmer. Forty-third In
fantry Volunteers, supposed to be at
i Fresno. Cal.. Is transferred to Company
F. Thirty-fourth Infantry. He will be
sent to the Presidio, Ban Francisco, PrU
vato Thomas J. Lynch. Forty-second In
fantry. Presidio. San Francisco, having
enlisted under false pretenses, will be dis
charged without honor from the service.
Pensions: California— lncrease—
M. Kay, Orosl. X to $10. Original widows,
etc.— Special accrued November 4, Miner
va J. Stun Los Angeles, $8.
Washington— Original— Henry Keller
Calispell. IS. Increase— William E. Thom
as, Cape Horn. $1S to $24; Vernon T. Ward
Cheney. Pi to $S.
Oregon— Oriplnal widows, etc.— Special
accrued November 4, Mary T. Creasy, In
dependence, $S.
VETERANS' REUNION.
Old Soldiers From Central Counties
to Gather at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 15.— Central Cali
fornia Veterans' Reunion Association will
meet here to-morrow In a grand reunion
and Jollification at Sleeper Hall. The or
ganization Includes nearly nil the old
soldiers in Santa Clara, San Francisco,
Alameda, Monterey, Santa Cruz, San
<^£*/f/' ' ■'••» ••'f'r^l^^ We 6eil y° u "direct from y
i#sm ■"-■'/ •*> ■•'■•: : S^lv^ mill to man »" and the profits A
1.-^ml,r~ "" S I^' : i^^^i^^^''^j\ of the middlemen are yours. 'J
tml' Retail i 1950 Iv 1-::::1 -':'::': Ip|ft^^::::'-^l1 p|ft^^ :::: '-^l In the usual retail way
WilS*- Value 'I"- •;"■. '■ ww-^^S^rs-(l these overcoats cannot be g
|f|te DIRECT FR9M igf):-; jj Sft^^^^M 6old for less than $12.50. |
SS ! ' eHß'y^ '■■:'•■ li : L: \ •*•' " -II a match to the ,Sl l 2.r>() suit,
ill -■•■ wAfwk*"* S) 5 3fNC \ 1 £oin£ this week «t the uni-
" 'Mk-- v -- ::: - : -T '/V I] } :==i fel'Slt A perfect fit or no sale 1
V~ * k * T *"'*-ISi*" - | V '«.■*•'.■ B: ; all -*< :• I. II "^
r£*sjg^gj&3&*ff 121-123 Sansome St., near Pine. CjM
fetateo ar.d San Benlto counties, and It is
expected thai nearly lOOfi will be in at
tendance. A reduced rate has been se
cured on all the railroads. Aside from
the election of officers but little routine
business will be transacted, and the time
a ill be given over to sociability and dls
eu-«iiiK war incidents. It will be an all
day and evening affair and a fine musical
and literary programme will be given. In
th» .veiling a supper will be furnished
by the members of the local Grand Army
and auxiliary Focietles.
MARCONI TELEGRAPHS
FROM AN OCEAN VESSEL
Message Sent to the Shore as tbe
American Liner St. Paul Nears
Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON, Nov. 15.— The Ameri
can steamer St. Paul. Captain Jamleson,
from New York November S, passed Cas
tle at 5:45 p. m. to-day. Slgnor Marconi.
who was a p.is.sengcr on the St. Paul, tel
egraphed from her when forty-five miles
outside the N. edles to Totland Kay that
all was well and that it was expected that
the steamer would arrive here at 7 o'clock.
STRANGE HALLUCINATION.
Woman Believed That She "Was De-
puted to Settle Philippine
Question.
REDDINO, Nov IS.— A woman giving
the name of Mrs. A. S. Ryne was ordered
committed to Napa Asylum from here
to-day. She labors under the hallucina
tion that to herself, Christ and Dewey Is
assigned the settlement of the Philippine
question.
Where the unfortunate came from Is
unknown. She boarded a train at Slgson.
where she had attracted much attention
during her short stay. When asked for
a ticket she said she waa on Christ's
business and needed no ticket. The un
feeling conductor put her off at Castella.
from where she was brought here for ex
amination.
STRIKERS ENCOURAGED.
Union Pacific Desires Them to Return
to Work.
HESTER, Nov. 15 —A special to the
News from Cheyenne. Wyo., says: The
striking employes of the Tnlon Pacific
shops were notified to-day that their
action had been sustained by the general
unions. It was announced this evening
that the Union Pacific Company has
offered to take up the case of the strikers,
If the men will return to work, agreeing
to <-stabllsh a satisfactory scale on July
1. UOOL It Is believed that this will end
the strike.
HARRIMAJT ELECTED
Now President of the Oregon Short
Line.
SALT LAKE, Nov. If..— The Tribune has
private advices from New York that at to
day's meeting of the Oregon Short Line
Edward EL Hnrriman was electM presi
dent and W. D. Cornish vice president of
that company.
Judge Cornish was formerly president
of the Short Line. IT.- succeeded T. Jeffer
son Coolldge Jr. as vie* president, and
hold? the same office on the Union Pacific.
FRANCE CHECKMATED.
Meeting of Czar and Kaiser Causes a
Change of Plan.
Spec l^ .Table to The Call and the N«w York
HeraM. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Oor
don Bennett.
BERLIN. Nov. IS.-In an article on a
report that the French squadron under
Admiral Fnurnler was to have seised
Syria, the Derllner TageMatt says that
such a plan may hay- existed, hot wns
i i-rtain'.y put an end ti« by the meeting
of the Czar and Knispr nt Potsdam.
DEATH FROM A BLOW.
Pugilist Apfel Succumbs to Injuries
Received in the Ring.
NSW yohk. Not. IS.— Harry Apfel. the
lightweight boxer, who was knocked out
by Jtiok Fox In a prize fight In the Peli
can Athletic Club. Rrooklyn, Saturday
:.lght. dl-^'l at midnight last r.lght. He
regained consciousness after being
counted out-
Los Angeles Police Muddle.
LOS ANOBUSB, Nov. 15.-The PoHc«
Board recently appointed by the City
Council, and which the Mayor refuses
to rerf.R-nizo, hns passed a resolution
Instructing Attorney R. A. Ling, one
of its member*, to bring quo war
ranto ga at (.noe. A demand
was made upon the Mayor and the old
board, whlrh wni discharged by the
Council, for the books and reports of th*
board, which request was refused. This
refusal will be made the basis for the
proceedings. Attorney Ling starts to
night for San Francisco to Interview the
Attorney General of the State.
Cutler-Gilmer Nuptials.
VISA MA. Nov. 15.— John Cutler Jr..
Clerk of Tulare County, was married at
* o'clock this morning to Miss Tudle
Oilmer. a Vlsalia girl. The ceremony
occurred at I,os Angeles. Cutler belongs
to one of the best known families of
Tulare County, belntr a son of Jud^e John
Cutler. Mi^s «'i!lr.ier is a leader In Boclety.
Tho weildlng if the culmination of a
seven-year enKapement. The couple are
expectrd home to-morrow, when an elab
orate reception will be given.
Taken to Folsom.
TUBA CITY, Nor. 11l ITissjian Oal
laeh.r was taken to Folsom to-day, hav
ing bean sentenced for life on conviction
for assault to commit murder. Gallagher
had two prior convictions against him.
one being f<>r nrnnVr ccrnmltted In Pla
ounty some years ago.
Pacific Mail Dividend.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Tho directors of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company met
to-day and declared a IV* per cent semi
annual dividend. „
Shot Dead by His Wife,
Paris. N >v. IS.— Daniel On Puis. the
well-known engraver, who designed the
• ten and five centime coins, was
■hot dead tv-day by his wife, wn^i then
committed suicide. She had for s- me time
past shown signs of madness.
CHINESE MURDER
MINOR OFFICIALS
Revenge High - Handed
Treatment.
RIOTING AT KOKEN -ON
HOUSES OF MISSIONARIES ARE
STONED AND BURNED.
French Government Advised to Pre
vent England From Policing
Kawangtung for Her
Exclusive Profit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, X C, Nov. 15.-The Era
preM of China brings the following ori
ental advices: Just before the steamer
sailed a merles of murders were reporttd
committed in Shang-tung. China, the vic
tims being subordinate Chinese otilcUls.
The murders were In revenge f'>r alleged
high-handed treatment of Chinese peas
ants by army officers.
Serious rioting by Chinese Is reported
at Koken-on, in Kangse. HOUM I occu
pled by missionaries were stoned and aft
erward fired, while the station there was
destroyed. All the missionaries were
taf.ly taken to adjoining stations.
Stories ure current respecting the dis
play of French Jealousies in South China.
The Hongkong correspondent of tha
ler d'Haipong mentions piracy prevailing
In the Canton delta, and goes on to say
"that the English, who never miss a good
opportunity, have made this state of af
fairs a pretext for sending a gunboat up
the West Klver."
The same paper says that the English
wish to police Kawang-tung and Kwang
sl for their exclusive profit, as was done
In Egypt, and advises the French Gov
ernment to take all necessary measures
In order that they may nut operate alone.
It Is reported at Hongkong that the
French Consuls there and at Canton have
urgently requested the dispatch uf a gun
boat from Saigon.
The A»a>ii states that Li Ji Shoku and
four oth.-r Koreans, who recently ar
rived at Nagasaki, are said to have COOM
to Japan for the purpose of assassinating
Li Shoku Yco, and Velju and Vu Klt.-u
Shun. Korean refugees In Japan, bj
mand of the newly appointed Director of
Police in Bet UL
The Kobe ' 'hronlcle refers to a scheme
of the Russstan Government t" form ua
m Asiatic steamship company with
a Mew to open communication wlih
Port Arthur, the Manshurian Kallw •
Vladivostok and various other ports In
th.- east The service. It Is Mated, will
be shortly open between Vladii
and Port Arthur. The same p;ip«-r
the manager, who ti.is been *
<"hfmulpo to tak« charpe of the branch
to be opened there, stating that thi
steamship] company o« v< ry closely
connected with the East China railway
proposition, the two l><Mr,g practically one
m. The new steamship coi
has purchased the right of the Oovern
| ment subsidy from Sherverloff & Co., who
' win discontinue their steamship business
aft.-r this year. T.-n st.amern. It Is snld,
will be put on the line.
The Imp. rial railway from I>iu Kow-
Ichla to i'.io Ting Fi. eighty mil.- in
length, has been accepted by a Belgian
syndicate and is now being ■ ■
The Japan Time? understands that the
Government has practically decided to
give a i>'uarnnteo to the Fusai
railway undertaking and that an Item of
this account will probably be Inserted in
the bude.'t for the coming year. Th
limit of the guarantee will be s per cent.
The personal unpopularity of Marquis
Ito, the Japanese statesman. Is bell |
denced by many public indignities. At
Kanuzawa r -ntly pome person threw a
stone nt the train in which Marquis Ito
was a passenger. The Marquis was unin
jured.
The Vnlted States steamship Yorktown
Is at Sandakan. after having visit. -el s.tir
ynn. Bulu. Her tender, the gunboat \i
baya, is to be k< pt cruising around the
' Palawan coast for the n.-xt month or two.
A nlan is i-.-in^- advocated for the dis
patch of Hrltlsh mails to India. Chins
and Australia by a new rout., [i
of the overland journey to Brandii
shipping Of the mail* there, h is pr
i to establish an overland mute to Balonic .
where the malls will be put on 1
st>nmer for I'ort Bald. Maiis will be
transported by rail find Steamboat to Os
tend. and thence conveyed by thf <)rl-:it
express dire.-tly to Salonlca. A fast line
of steamers Is to he founded for the ser
' vice between Salonika Bnd Port Said, and
the trip will be shortened seventy-two
hours.
Elaborate experiments In wireless teleg
raphy have recently been condii'-tod by \ho
Japanese Government. Successful results
1 have Invariably been obtained, and t'ne
Communications Department will put the
(system Into permanent operation between
Idio Point and Mlkaml Island, a distance
i of nine miles.
OFFICIALS FOR THE DAY.
Stanford and Berkeley Men Make a
Satisfactory Agreement.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. IV-
The offldala for the Thanksgiving game
have boon agreed on hy tho mar.a.
the two universities. \V. R. Ooodwln of
the Seattle Athletic Pluh will ad as r. f
eree, and "King" Dlckson, now roach \t
Nevada University, formerly the >-ra. k
quarter on the Pennsylvania t am ■; i
umpire. "Billy" I! rrelson, Btanford .•*
and AH), rt Swan. University "f Cal ■
■C will a. t ax linesman. Dave Brown
Stanford '97, win he timekeeper.
"VTLLAGE BURNED.
Fire Destroys Fifty Houses at Port
Essington.
VICTORIA. R- C, Nov. IS.-The Danube
arrived to-day with news of the Iota! '.•■
ptructlon by fire of the fishing vllb'ce of
I'ciri Kssington. About fifty houses were
burned.
LOTTERY DRAWING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co,
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.)
Single Number, Class "L," Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, November 11, 1890.
The Honduras National Lottery has no dally j
drawing and Is not connected with an/ dally
draw Inc.
No. Prize. [No. Prize. \So. Prize.
11l M 151 16, 205 ... 4)
634 ii C 64 40 707 .. m
733 16 802 SO 906 24
953 40 M 9 1> 1137 40
1360 16 1375 181 US"' 24
14£9 16 1537 16 1633 SO
1772 40 , 1573 14 1356 120
2013 40 2034 16; 2094 .. 1*
2120 16 2136 !■■ 2190.. 4 ... 24
2272 24 2370 ll[ 1381 14
24(W 1C .4-7 Z\ 2533 14
257S 40 2«9 16) 2656 .... 40
1741 24| mi 16 »r« ■. 1<
2?13. 16 . .1 24' *i 76 16
3134 M MM 11 34'« M
3455 16i 359S 24 3631 16
3050 80 3719 II 3SU M
3*37 SO 4C>O3 SOOOOi 4181 16
4609 40 4818 16|
6027 11 .M.ii SO, 5176 21
623S 40 5256 120 6722 21
5521 24l 5*53 16 M.. ...... M
V*A 24 1097 120 1 6170 ... 16
61M M 6422 24 6673 ♦)
6707 40 MM ... •• 6332 1*
7095 M 70M '-« 7235 16 1
7243 16' 7 •••_• 16 76*> *'■
76*3 16! 7773 24! 7776......... M
7&07 24J 7914 SO: &005 120
8021 24i ton 40 8255 24
5346 16 ! 543.S .... 24 '•m 40
8432 241 8579 V* f675 ... 24
8677 16 MOI 24 I*7l 24
SS'.<t 16 8909 21 J>33S 8-)
9156 24 9175 16 9177 V
9252 40 WS2 16 in 24
9432 2» 9717 16; 9557 ... 24
9SW 21 I"li 2 16 10121 .. 16
IMM 24 101W 16 10357 80
10425 4'),10456 24 I KH t3 16
10-517 16 10533 24|1C«30 16
10634 ltU<Vrl2 ... II Ml 24
lf«T75 24 10729 40|10T'57 ... 16
liniO II IIIM 16 112^3 16
11305 16 11461 V* 11582 *0
11C32 In 11635 16 11743 4'>
ll»38 80 12347 80 12379 4>
IMM Ml] 24.12710 ....:■*
12727 11M2730 40 1»43 24
12040 1613107 -40,1327* i".
132".<3 24J13744 24|13756 40
1*794 .. 16 13.<«53 16 13572 .... 16
135*6 24:1412t> 16 1421K 16
14234 14 it's; 24,14368 .. II
1446-8 .... 16!14559 24[14M4 . .. 4)
14554 24|14G24 tQ< 14*52 ... 24
14053 40 U. 331 16 15351 .. 4->
IMM 16,15151 24 \X.j2 80
15C13 16:15719 1615750 ... 4")
16030 4>' l€%7 80!l*>m ... 16
1G206 2«'16210 40 1«2.'6 . .. 40
16314 14 1093 16'1<>4HO ... 80
IM<<7 40 14587 16J165M ... 14
16619 40.16639 24'1CMS .... 14
1?C8 1617127 2117233 14
17516. . v .... 1C 17616 . 120117622 16
17CC3. ...... 8017733 1617926 16
17950 16 1*133 24|15221 4)
18255 80 133 40 18166 14
1»535 2411*623 24J1.5651 24
18752 40 ( 5763 21:1**30 24
ISS64 120 19111 60.19175 .... 18
19431 40,19523 24!19671 1-
VJSS 16.1J040 1521T035 ... 16
2>>4S 16'20(>Ti2 21201*? ... 24
2'«327 16'2Hfi3 1620453 16
2t«20 16 20657 . . 400 29733 t->
2*03 1620*07 16 20911 14
2^943 1520M5 80 21'X6 . 16
21238 24 21410 16 21411 21
21559 24 '21709 1621*>3 .. 21
21*33 40,21944 16 22040 ;•■
22213 16 22273 40 22294 16
223" 4 120 223i >5 40 221*» ... 80
22518 16 22021 226*7 21
2272') 24 227?3 4022075 24
23225 242322? 2123323 14
21J55 If. . i- 2123446 40
2372« 4't 2.1746 .... 24 22.535 .... 40
23517 24'241.'.^ 16i24190 80
21247 24 2421-2 16.24297 ... 1*
243-18 24:24502 1634543 14
24C»3 -< .v -• In 24761 4.)
25' CO 40 25055 24 23111 16
25177 1 •'.:-.' 24.1 80 25314 40
25331 4025370 16 25659 ... 24
2599S 12>>;'6««»r. 16 2K.C2 16
26032 16 260*2 '•■:-•. 18
26193 80126252 1C 2*3*3 16
2C561 40 265J.3 . 24 ,26637 24
26679 4. ! :••■ .•; 24 1
27019 ..... 16,27-^9 27104 24
27303 ie'273«5 16 27351 1<
27X51 16,274-2 12^27524 .. 16
27639 2127734 Sf 277.'9 14
27567 1127578 2127959 4.
1 19094 40 2MJ4 16 2*240 ..24
2S2SI 1C 2*377 1C 2M03 ... 16
2*444 ! .-t- ■ ..... 21 2S«<)3 80
25K54 1C 2.*iC7 2125704 16
2**ll 24 2v*36 24,2*913 24
2*973 ( -• m . 21 :;i 16
29245 24 25278 1629461 24
25K12 120,2571? 1C 29745 16
25564 16 30176 16 0$ 16
20247 40 3"3*4 40'SC901 4.,
SOM3 4030923 ... 30529 . . . 40
3«'9M 40;31031 16310C5 ... 16
, 31121 16312*3 1631406 40
! 31537 40j31644 4^31675 ... 24
31824 16'
31&11 24-31926 40 52177 10
32223 80.32225 lfi*324S| 40
32548 2132550 Hi; 32635 -4
32«46 16,32679 40 32575 ](,
3IJKI 16 33236 16 33273 24
23676 4033716 40133733 24
33750 2133.*07 . . 16J33521 14
33.*93 40 34040 40 34054 16
34063 .... II 14119 41 3417S 14
34290 40194815 40;31«53 24
34742 1631743 80347*5 M
347*7 16,34794 2434*5$ 16
25193 24 35197 16 35? 16 ... 14
35230 24 352*8 ... 14 3R.V.S 120
35417 40,35606 . 21356*5 ... 16
35759 24 35767 16357*1 80
25512 24'35W5 16.35931 16
2«054 40 30205 2413C300 .... 21
36352 40136426 16 36C00 ... 1000
36741 I. >»...! 16;36.*99 40
37«j3 16:37260 16.37252 . 16
37339 2437405, 4037451 24
37519 16 37622 12037»;: 9 16
37656 24 37726 24,37*12 40
37532 1637950 16*811* 16
3*411 1635506 .. 16;3*tS7 24
3*C3B 16 3*703 24 35786 .;; 16
38M'6.. 24 35970 16,3i<cj2 .. IS
59209 24135215 10 39271 16
39304 40,39312 24|33404 «a
39412 4035516 1633M3 80
5959H 16 4- IS" 24 40194 ' 4
402 M 16 40443 1204061! 5|
4W7S .41-.. 80 40740 ; i*
40502 16 4')907 24 41036 .... SO
41117 12C141131 40 41205 .. Ti
4172« 40 IMS 14 41563 -,
41M0 4041957 ....... 16142021 j(
42(31 40:42192 24i4240« it
42196 .... 24 125 •■■ 40 42M(6 M
42936 43172 16 43533 1.;
42575 16|43725 1«U1734 {?,
1 4377* 120(43.*:^) 16143559 in
44042 24 4**7. 120'4U58 .... 4,,
41575 120 44712 1C 4472S ... 4,
' 41742 24 44812 40 4491? ... 10
45043 16|45164 16 45186 1,,
45163 4" 4.M:<; SO 4:--.3» id
4.'.340 16 45*43 40 45557 -> 4
45966 £0.46158 16 16206 " 24
44283 2446421 16 46467 '. 15
46471 1646496 24 46414 24
•MM 80.4M63 80 44681 24
4 «... 80j4«920 4K' 47209 15
47343 1647472 24 47:.«::..:;:: IS
47597 16,47643 16 47154 24
47R80 1147968 16 45031 "4
4 ••• . *0,45225 40 1*361 24
4M14 24(4*435 16 4*624 24
487RJ 24 4*Sl5 . 24 4**3o ; 24
4SM? 80 4*372 244*933 14
4921'S 16 49310 16 43372 24
49535 24 49796 It
:•'«*'.' 4' ' — n4 16 50112 21
60232 80 50321 16 50380 40
6->507 50;50f,i55 40'5«';CJO 16
6<>-567 24 50524 2450347 24
61016 l«»10S9 16 51100 ..24
611*2 16M228 1651276 16
512^9 24 51255 24 51331 M
61269 M 51373 I«*1M1 16
61113 24 51560 lOOOi.'lsn M
6UT.6. ...;... 40152002 24 M"« 42 24
62114 40 5230S 40,52437 40 '
62534 40,52656 16'5r704 ... 24
65.*70 2152957 , .1 53*50 90
63.-C6 16:53293 16 .■: 16
53633 16|53650 80 53750 4-
537f3 16 5T.899 . 2153914 It i
63?*3 24 -.T<'.« 24 54024 16 '
64038 16 54135 40 54141 16
6134) 40M450 16154524 ... 24
64707 24 54M2 40 55052 16
65354 16553*6 21'55J30 .... i>:
f«.3?S 40|55604 16,55743 24
6«21? 2166231 49 6624$ .... 16 ,
66432 24 I .'.WOO 24156543 ... 120
66553 16 56W 2456721 14
5C734 2166736 4»5677» .... IS
66783 80 56731 l« S*.l9 1*
M»96 16|57017 40 57663 120
5773S 24157740 21 575» 24
67343.. 2415512S I«|6S2U 80
65223 24 5*234 1«,5?3<5 4)
68363 15(5.*716 24.55712 IS
65809 21155952 16 5*953 16
589CS fOSS9M M 53014 10
69TM6 .... 49159M5 24159312 16
f?414 24!55643 40.59831 24
fifiO4o 1660102 16,C0252 40
OjC63 40,60566 16 ( • •■•1 90
404 M 1660657 24,*)754 16
6079S 4060901 80,61202 ... SO
61227 24 81364 16:613:3 16
lisa ... 4061M1 14
C2OW 16621N ....... "*EUi 4"
6^173 4o:«2i:o so.erjw; is
62222 1662231 16!«2331 16
62341 21|C2313 24 0234» 16
62151 16,€21« ... *> (625<»4( 625<»4 16
62508 1683M3..: 24162522 99
13446 16 63532 •24 ( C3fi23 16
€3623 40 83533 40162550 4'
t3BSS 4 •■-♦ 16)61122 16
64512 8064357 16161372 120
64351 1C1644J4 40164*59.. 16
LOTTERY DRAWING.
So. Prlze.lN'o. Prize. |No. Prl»».
645*2 16 64713 40 K4733 .... M
64744 16,64505 16 65141 If
6526.* 16 65470 16 6.'. 175 ... It
65707^^,..., W£ZiU....~~. lt-«5747^*^.« I*
651*16 24 8533« 12D CCI 36 t»
66i57 I', ■• ,i> 21 CKM 2*
6«*2 16,66723 40 WSOO ... 90
CM3S 80 6CS.V* 16 67i'*l 16
67111 14»i7127 16 67161 ... 4-1
€72*8 40 672J6 X 4157301 liS
67334 15674.V) 16 675'"5 ... 4"
67535 16 67555 1C6.'6*1 ... 90
C*l27 S4ISSU4 X4iOlM ••• ♦>
SM'-S 40!«*278 . 24 6*373 2t
bS-3.»4 80 6N42-I 15,tx460 ... IS
6J.544 16Cv>74 40,t;*«4 4.)
6)»655 . 40'.6.56'r» 21,^-W 2*
tS*69 14 ••-»■.. 16.6.13 V; 1«
6Mitl 24!650«<> 14,6:>«<;2 I*
fc!>l33 .. 1663193 40.63254 16
63«w:» 24 b->C73 16ti>;>4 *J
63753 K63353 W,7'<lll W
702*6 21 7 -Jx3 4'>7h2l'2 21
704C6 40 70727 16:70777 21
7CM>3 247.131.-. M>,7"!l'» H
7W.XS 24 7-r,3 14 7U<-3 Jrt
71211 *-• 7irjB 8000713ul >•
71322 4071541J 1471>23 2*
7H77 2li7U-:4 <0-^0 -^. (I ,«
71932 IS,IU3S 1672276 1«
72C1X1 1207J159 24 7::i9 }«
72C25 I. 7*725 . 24 72742 '«
72755 W'72731 4 • 72*21 1<
72952 16'r.16l 16 73227 •• }«
75324 1473331 .... M 7r.^ }J
73444 16 734 • 16 75451 }'
734 M 16 73566 1-5 73C5 1J
73754 16 73>i12 1« 73M4 14
7*»*64 K0 73*75 lt> 74H*) *'
74K4 4V74331 24J74470 .. ♦)
74511 IS7IVJS 1< 71' "I H
743C-2 21 7r^>i- 40 75127 ... ♦>
75251 21 : -t 1675414 ••- II
75431 \H 7".4.> 14 7W4S ... W
756C2 40 7>35 1« TT.xi!*. ... 1*
753*7 . 1« 7M')4 40.76170 2*
7ti35« 16 ;«7'> R0178137 H
78448 117544S IM7GU M
7C'lfi 21 7C,:.l ICI7SSO4 W
7H677 M,75703 21 7fe723 <»
7C'S2 21 76357 «0i
77128 16 77213 21 772-T7 1«
773^2 24 774 24 77-417 2»
77138 2177145 24 77457 14
7747J SO 77.VJ 24 777W 1*
75019 80 7.115 ISiTRSO W
7t2-» 2175524 4->7MW 1*
7.1512 SO 7V.2? 1>; 7<r,*>... 1*
; 7'7'M 16 7»>>32 V '7**45 12>
Tb'tS 40,78300 24 7VJI9 :'l
1 7C-13 4-.>r«>s7 16 79175 .... I*
792<>« 16 7V2IS 40 70160 I*
7M60 IdWM 24 r»7« ... 11
7MM JO 7.W23 4»7J-.»»4 :♦
7>%2 16 79971 4»(MOM 1«
S0!«9 40 vi 123 16 Hi:27H 1^
80O:4 16*«r»4 21 5i.127 2*
f0*".79 40 i.) 7*3 2< "*«"» I*
l«rjS2 15J80974 16 vrto H
81074 24 .01154 X M 247 OT
: (H313 V «1316 \r, Ml 3, 12»
81753 16 MM9 14 -IM4 2»
«is.v> 16 '*i-^2 k. *nn 1*
520.',8 24 0>77 <n <2003 1*
-21 12 21 XT.2 U i^*J 2»
d23?'J ...» V. *: % ««1 24
82503 40jK9M 21 :•'< 1*
>-r-'<9. . 24*»»43 1* SCr75 I«
! 83317 16 »3415 16 'U 171 1«
r,4U 21,«W31 2411382) M
S3S.VI BO'M**s 40«-.)O3 24
K3i24 16 81013 16. Ml* It
Stir> 14 1122 T. 1« *12*1 2»
I W235 SO M3Ol V. MJ.;< ... It
81774 16.5045 4-Vi4:i".4 v»
85<)iO 18:!O0<l> 24 *Ur>Z 21
JSI79 16 H52'"2 24 V-217 *►
.*.-,r>s 21 v-.35« 1« K5411 .. K.
SMI2 16 55».i5 1« «54j3 .. l«
555<»5 2» v»l 2t <V>i I<l
85M3 4-),*-V.20 l«;*eil.* 2*
8K203 16 W274 21 i4C3 W
M«3l 21 v67?> 21 >»:71'1 2»
86S01 18 i 052 loi7-51 .... 1-4
*71i0 1C 57332 15j57346 VA
57353 . H *71-'> lf,\7:,r> W
57554 ** .*7f/3 40j17X8 14
BSOI9 24>M11'. 16 Jt 2.V9 *■*
»<i3«s 21 i*U7 16A-43-J 24
fca*7l> 4u *S7K» 16**773 !">
8.V,03 24 *HMO lC»*i|3 14
KSMI . 1459033 K.,V.h-^J 4t
I 83171 148*333 16 V>£i:> +>
59157 14 MSK 1-? *t>4is 4<>
53634 40 83733 40 V»74» 4<>
537«4 4989K3 ttKKOO 4>
S^,sl 4-)'S<>2'W 1« SCJI 4>
00204 16 >H72 24 >>'>5-) 15
J(/iJI 16 30763 1« !<76 .... 21
&0994 ........ ISWO9O 21 Sll'tt 15
' 91113 1431175 it v.rr> 2>»>
91555 21 91T71 80^13X7 2»
91713 219173:) 8091*01 H
$1904... . 14 0211i> 16 522>7 ....... 4-1
92449. J. 24 92K-1 16 92515 •■ 14
&2517 40 HTA3 24 521 V) ... 4-)
92554 4092K59 21 J27>5 4)
92*30 4152*34 4032571 4>
92060 . Ifi 3r>65 43103061 1*
93173 14 93214; 80 332>a 21
93377 14,93397 .. 1« :<34C3 ..24
931*4 21 33430 *» 'C 5« ... 1;
1 93539 1«;?3*1'> 4013831 ... 14
1 93H36 24 n\>*3 lOiWOna ■• 14
»4i)19 4),M-r'S 14 312:.1 .... M
94277 1634^01 14 'MKA ... 14
916.V8 2' ■4-»i 16 95150 ... 4>
951-.1 16 ';.M4« 409.V*4 16
35121 16 9V.*(J 14^>5*U .. 4 1
•fiSSO Jm),35«6 ... fe^WjKSO . 1*
9.-,,0 16 9CMO 21WM1 14
">««12 16 S«sl 8O5(5X)1 ... 1*
5.6337 24 &6413 40X19? ... 14
»65'>4 40;3473» 2r'JR-«:.l ... 4-»
i)f^7B 1656*31 16 W74 .. 21
S7O«S 24!9711J 24 97176 24
57136 ..... 4O'?74ri 2137722 4»
977;0 2117H13 1697903 ... 21
9sfi3s 401*127 14 :i*.Tl* 2k
9H.-.;5 24 0*i520 80 3*427 21
556.-.2 24 9W5 4<l 95V24 40
9**54 18 s**7o 16f5<Hl 21
002"« 24"X>4» 14 35.V.D M
y...-.21 16!rt€.*3 4)'J3*l3 24
&9517 21! !
APPROXIMATION" PRIZI — ir« numbers
from 3555 to 4055, Inclusive, bHnjr 50 number*
on each aid* of the number drawing th* capital
!>rize of $30.0C0-llt>.
1-0 numbers from 71.214 to 71.344. Inclusive.
belnjr M numbers on each aide of the number
drawing the capital prize of |SO'>«'V-$24.
100 nurnb«ra frnm 0,700 to 53.5W, Incluaiv^.
belnjr 50 numl*ni on each »lde of the number
drawtna; th- capital prize of $40"«>— 114.
TERMINAL PIIIZES 903 numbers ending
with 05. being th- two last flrurea of the num.
ber drawing the capital prize of M9.t H.
>» number* ending with M, being the tw>
last figures of the number drawing the secoml
capital prize of *«00-$ B.
The subscriber having; supervl»e«! the stncl*
number drawing. class "IV Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that th<»
above are the numbers which wert thla day
drawn from the 100,000 r'«cM In the wheel.
; with the t.rtzen r.irr>-!«i ondir to th<*m.
Witness my hand at Puerto « > ..rte». Ilnn-
■ duraa C. A., this Saturday. November 11. 1839.
ciEon<;E w. Dfpnr:.
Commissioner, vice (Jeneral W. L. c'abel.
absent.
$15 000 FOR b-^-ONB-HALF OF FIP.ST CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
Stat» of California. County of Los Angeles— 9*.
Isabella Valle of I»a Anicles. Cal.. bein^
duly sworn, does hereby make nffl'Uvtt that
nhe Is the bona fide owner and holder of one-
half of ticket No. 61.5»;i In the Honduras Nn-
tlnnal Loll drawing »( Oct-.h-r 11. 1<33.
hl.*h nun: won the f.rat carltal prize .>C
$I>.OV). iin.l that said tU-k«-t was pitM en rre-
Hentati.n IBABIXUA VALLf:.
Subscribed and »worn to b»r :•• me thla 3Utl»
day of Octob«r. l!t». A. HADLKY.
Notary I'ubllc.
$7500 FOR m com - otns-Tovwm OF
* FIRST CAPITAL nun
State of Indiana. County of Marlon-«s.
liefore me. John S. Tarklngton, a notary pub-
lic In and for raid county, personally cam*
Herman C. Etnmert. who being by me duly
sworn on his oath aaya that he la a real. lent 1 ♦
the city of Indlanapolla, In said county. No.
617 East Ohio atreet: that he la In th» employ
of the Wentern Union Talegraph Company at
No 19 South Meridian atreet In aald city: that
' he 'la the bona flde owner and holder of one-
quarter of the flrst capital prize ticket No.
61644 In the Honduras National Lotttry Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery), drawing of
October 14. U99. which drew the capital prtzo
of 130. 000; that he nought aald one-quarter
ticket at aald city of one, of the authorlzM
agents of said company nn the 4th day of Oc-
tober. A D. 1*39. and has sent nald quarter
ticket for collection on October 13, IMJ.
HERMAN C. EMMF.RT.
Subscribed a.nd sworn t.< before me thla 25th
day of October. A. D. 1?».
JOHN S. TARKINOTON. Notary Public.
$1000 FOR 25 CENTR-ONB-EIOHTH OF BEC-
I i>Nl> CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. Partfh of Orleans— an.
Kefore roe. Joaeph I;-w. v Taylor, a notnry
public In and for the Parlni* of Orlcana. ftat*
of Louisiana, personally appeared Ml*» i'l«r»
Bartels, who resides at No. 31* Houth Diamond
street. New Orleans, 1.*., who being by nv.
notary, duly aworn, did depose ml aay that
she Is the bona flde hojiler ami owner of one-
eighth ticket No. 63.*22 of the Honduras Na-
tlon.il Lottery Cumpany (Louisiana i<tat« Lnt-
tcrv). class K. drawing Octo».er 11. tw. which
drew the second capital prize of DOM at pal<t
drawing held at I'uorto Cortez. Honduras. C.
A., and that said ticket was paid on presenta-
tion. MISS CLARA DAKTELS.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, at New
Orleans. La., this 2tth day of October. A. D.
153». J. D. TAYLOR. Notary Public.
$1000 FOR ■ CENTS— ONE-EIOHTH OF BEC-
PN'D CAPITAL PRIZE,
State of Illinois, County of Ook— as.
Hugo A. Pnlllpp of the city ■' Chlrarn,
county of Cook and State of Illinois, being duly
aworn. doth depose and »ay that he l.« » real-
.li-nt of 107 Fuller- avenue, Chicago, in . and
that he Is the bona flde holder of one-eighth
ticket No. 63.«22. class K. Honduras Natlon.\l
Lottery Company, drawing of which wa» h»>l<|
Saturday. October 14, ISJ3, at Puerto Cortei,
Honduras, C. A., which number drew th* sec-
ond capital prize of MOO 9.
Hrao a PHILIPP.
Witness: W. R. PICKINS-'ON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thla 234
day Of October. A. P. 1*35.
11. F. KRVEOER. Notary Public.
Orlglnata of foregoing affidavits held by presi-
dent of Honduras National Lottery Company
< Louisiana State Lottery Company).COUNCIL CREATED TO HASTEN FLOOD-WATER STORAGE
THE flood water convention com- i
pitted its labors last night at Met
ropolitan Temple, after two days
of the hardest kind of work on the
part of the nearly &00 delegates. It
outlined a plan for the storage of the
waste waters of the State, and before d
journment turned it over to "The Califor
nia Water and Forest Association." a
body created by Itself for the express
purpose of carrying out its will. The j
affairs of the new association have been I
p.aced in the hands of an advisory coun- I
ell of seventy, ten from each Congres- j
fiional district, also created by the con- I
Veation. With this association now rests !
the problem of securing the aid for which
the convention was lirst called together. I
The plan for the creation of this asso- I
elation and the laws laid down for Its !
ruldanoe emanated from the committee. I
on resolutions, of which William Thomas j
of :hi.s city was chairman. The members i
of that committee arrived at unanimous j
agreement <>n *.; but one not cardinal
clause a> a result of the tw.> days' dis
cussion of the various resolutions offered !
and discus.s«d in convention, ajid not as I
the n-Milt of any compromise in commit
tee. When the convention first assem
bled, it J8 true, there were radicals on !
t w.i sides, i-nnie favored Federal super- i
Vision and control of the storage work '■
oUi.rs wore just as pronounced for State I
expenditure and control. a few others '
vero unattached and were willing to seek I
aid from any source in sight. Tho few !
w.ro g.«,.d. plain business rcasoners and I
lii«» radicals were so open, apparently to i
reason that it took only the Hood of Tight ■
thrown on the waste waters in the con- j
ventlon to head everybody in the dlrec- i
tinn taken by the committee on resolu
tions, and ratified finally by the conven
tion.
Tho one point on which five of the
twenty-one members of the committee :
differed from the majority was that con- |
tiiJuod In tho clause favoring the leasing
by the government of the public grazing '
lanae. on iul other points the minority
agreed with the majority, but. when the
majority report wa* submitted at the ;
evening session. Messrs. <Ircen and Kear- '
n>* led a determined but hopeless right ;
against the objectionable clause, which i
Wa# linaliy carri. d.
During the day the discussion on the '
various resolutions submitted was un- i
erasing, searching and instructive. The '
delegates hud broken the leo the Jlr?t day !
and took to tht- water like ducks the
siiond. StigKestions came from every ,
hand, were pertinent and helpful, and ail
morning and aftennnjn eloquence much
ettor.fier than the element under discus- i
flon vas on tap. Splendid results were!
«ccor.jp!i(*h-d. a* the adopt.Mi platform '
will snow; and one truly wonderful. W !
J. lay of Anaheim, who is a sort of Toon .
lin.ii down hin way. accomplii-hed th.>
vronder by deftly mixing oil and water to
the astonishment and enlight.nment of
the convention.
And now that the convention is over all
the delegate*, even thos- who opposed
the clause favoring the leasing of pub
lic grazing lands, express satisfaction at
the results attained. <) n every hand th.y !
Ray :n:it a long step has been taken to- '
ward the coal.
Immediately after the calling to order i
of the convmtlon William Thomas, chair- |
man of the cmmlitt* on resolutions re- '
l-orteti tliat the committee would recom
mer«l that the convention should resolve !
Itself into a permanent State organiza
tion lhe plan would I,- r.-porte,! later.'
S.-%eral rrs.,lutiotis were then introduced
t.. be to committee. The rirst of the
Juries came fmm the committee, it em- 1
■m ? ,l, l l iO ?' ns l of the resolution Intr..- i
ojcvd the day before by It. T Devlin
the purpose of which was to secure the
preservation and continuance of the State
v ." r k upon the easement and Jetties on !
tne Sacramento ajid San Joa<juin rivers, i
WATER-STORAGE CONVENTION
PROMULGATES ITS PLATFORM
Tn th«« solution of the problems of flood wat.r lit or .i Be and distribution In California was
J_ tak<-n last nSpht when the convention at Metropolitan Temple adopted the platform agreed upon by a majority
of Its committee on resolutions. The minority In that commit! agreed with all tho findings of the majority
exc«pt thnt nnc providing for the leasing of public grazing land*. To that It was opposed.
The platform as adopted provides for a permanent organization to be known as "The California Water and
Forest Association," Its purposes being pet forth as follows:
■Whereas, The work rf reclaiming the ex
tensive urid public and prlT&t* djmaln of
the State of California is one of great mag
nitude, requiring eventually the expenditure
of trillions of money and the work of very
many yeart of time; and
Whereas, There Ik great need of an exten
sive preliminary public educational work
..:■ •k- the ;■ j> of th* State In laying solid
the foundation of this great State develop
ment In order thut we may \<f able to eom
rr.ar.d the united and intelligent co-opera
tion of all the people; and
Whereas. The conservation and economical
distribution of the waters of the State Is
.!::■! to human habitation of the arid
districts, to reasonable prosperity of the
•♦mi-arii) district*, and to the full develop
ment of the humid districts, including the
conservation of fnrents.
To the attainment of this end this conven
tion propose* the establishment «>f a perma
nent i«o<-lety wh"i» meml-rshlp sha'l come
from all parts of the State, which may in
clude a* subordinates or by amalgamation
all existing societies organized for these
purposes, and which shall be endowed by
menitK-n-hlp fees, the contribution of dtl
zer.s and public bodies, with a revenue
•>niple for its purposes. The objects of ruck
•Jtaoclation Khali be ;<.« follows:
Storage Reservoirs.
We favor the preservation and develop
ment of our national resources by the con
struction f4 Murage reservoirs by the Fed
eral • invfrnitiTit for flood protection and to
*aye Sor um> in aid of navigation and Irriga
tion the flood waters whlih now run to
waste and cause overflow and destruction.
We favor the construction by the Federal
Government of storage reservoirs and irri
gation works wherever necessary to furnish
water for the reclamation and actual settle
ment of the urid public lands.
Leasing of Grazing Lands.
We favor the leasing of the public graz
lng lands, at a nominal rental in limited
itrras to settlers farming adjacent lands.
!!,■■ ;■■ i« r.ni- fr. ni i'-!ilal» ta go to the PtaVf-a
and' TeTTlt'Trle» wherein the lands are situ
ated for irrigation development; leases to
l-e subject to right of reclamation by Irri
gation and of nettlenient of lands actually
cultlvated; title of land to remain in Federal
Government until actual settlement; the
'.•..•: n tit said lands to be under the control
of States where sltuate<i, and the revenues
arising therefrrmi to be extended by the
States under the direction of their State
Knglne*ring Bureaus; provided, that in any
Slate having no Kngineerlng Bureau the
Federal Government may lease the, lands
and exi»-nd th» revenue in the construction
of irrigation works in that State.
Mr. Devlin urged that this be adopted by
tin- «-r.M\< •nti'in at «>nce. but withdrew his
motion alter some discussion.
A. <J. Wlshon of Fresno offered a reso
lution askiiiK Congress to legislate to keep
flh-<;> ofi .-ill forestry reservations and
blko to p«*rmlt the location of reservoir
Kite* fur power and irrigation ... for
estry reservation*. Hen M. Mail I" spoke
In 115 favor, explaining thnt there wa* no
law to ke«-p sli«-<-p fmm Government res
ervation*, only .» rule of tho In'.erior De
partment.
C 11. Hfinz <if Ix)s Angeles submitted
a resolution favoring th<* reclamation Of
arid lands own<-d by the Government and
leaving lo tlie State* the work of reclaim
ing lands In private hands, also requesting
the ji>^ln;tnc»- of the Government in the
InipounriljiK of waters.
Jijiig.- J. 1». Works of Los Angeles of
fered Urn following:
VTbertMM, Tbr orchards of the Ftate and
Its va*t tiilnlim lritt-rr«.« are the outcome of
and remit. In large <i*^rr»^. o.f the ln\Tßt
jn.-nt of |>rlvate capital ar.d of private en
f"Ti"li>«? and Industry; and
Whereas. H Is d«vlan>d a* one of th«
reaMTf It »-rnt.arStlnK the State of Cali
fornia ami the Federal Oovernment In the
ln\«Fttr.ent «.r their revenues In the atorajra
and dlstnliutlon of th< flood waters of the
Suite nnd that our lam are such that pri
vate <a|iital will not b« lnve*t«-d in work
of t> i> kind, and
Wh«-reas. It t- to the beft Intcrentn of the
State that the Investment of private cap
ital, a* well hi- Mbllc funds, should »>e
secured • for the development, conservation
nnd distribution of all the waters of the
htnte. and
Whereas. It Is our I'laln tat] to protect
vested rights and foster private enterprise
and thrift; now. therefore, be it
Jlrsnived. That while we believe It to be
our rlfht and 4otjr to secure all the aid
p-isslble from other sources. It Is the sense
at this rotivontlon that (Mr lawn i-hould lie
«o nmended and such laws enact.-d as will
Insure to private capital already Invested
In the development of, storage and distribu
tion of water, a fair and reasonable -"turn
on the money properly and necessarily la
vested for such purposes and encourage
further investments and renewed activity
In the development of and supply of water
to the arid lands of the State; and be It
further
■'.vr.l. That while we believe In the
wlndom and Justice of the constitutional
provision making the waters of the State
appropriated for sale, rental and distribu
tion a public use and subject to State con
trol, it Is the »<m]-.- of this convention that
the rate* to be charted by companies, no
dealing with water should l>e determined
by some disinterested body to be provided
by Ik« and not. as now, be consumer* of
water furnished by Mid companies or of
flclals elected by such ont-umerH. and that
all rates should be fair, reasonable and Just.
Judge Works spoke at length to the
resolutions. He paid that he represented
water companies thai have Invested over
H.u00.000 in reservoirs and distributive
systems. He did rot represent, he said,
any antagonism ii the purposes of the
convention It was not the intention of
the constitution that men who put their
money into svHtems for providing water
should be robred.
The following resolution was introduced
by i. M. Holt:
Whereas. The people of the State of Cali
fornia an I at the arid West and of the
entire nation are Just beginning; to ap
preciate the Importance of the work of re
. : u:;i:.i. not only our extensive, and arid
public domain, but ail the tcreat and pri
vate •: ■:• -nn now In the hands of private
ownership, and
Whereas. In this frreat work we have ne-»d
ct the hearty financial cuppcrt of the nation
and the Stute and the Investment of private
cafltal. and
Whereas, The constitution of the State of
California and the laws made In pursuance
thereof are no unsatisfactory in their pos
sible intent that our courts after twenty
years of Investigation have been unable as
yet to construe them because of their un
certainty and the fear of possible final con
clusions. ha\e reached a point where peo
ple will not Invest their money In the con
struction of Irrigation works, thus bring
ing Urn development of our natural re
sources to a complete standstill; therefore,
be It
Resolved. That both the constitution and
limn nee«l revision and we recommend the
caUlnit of a .^tate constitution*! convention
for the purpose et providing a constitution
for the • tie that would be more In ac
cordance with the Ideas of our people in
the most Important and . aatlo work ever
undertaken 111 this State.
Tlesolvcd. That twenty years of failure In
our present experimental mode of operation
Is sufficient to warrant our people in de
man.i'nir a revision <<t our »■>•-■! so that
the w heels of Industrial developivent In thin
State may not l>e forever blocked.
Mr. Holt ;i.Mr.-s-.-.l the convention in
support of his resolutions and Mr. Filcher
of the State Hoard of Trade asked Judge
Works if his resolution attacked the law
or its construction. Judge Works replied
that he attacked the law as construed by
the courts. As tho author of th» law.
Mr. Filelier then arose to explain his un
derstanding of its provisions. George H.
Maxwell then took the platform to give
Ms views on the resolutions. He said in
part :
I beMeve that In the two resolutions Just
offered there has b<v-n brought before this
convention the most Important question be
fore the people of this State to-day In con
nection with lrrl»ratl>- development. I wish
to say further that I believe that eveiy
or.c that has Investigated the actual con
ditions that exlrt in California will airree
that better results would exist and flow
fmm the adoption of Judee Works' resolu
tion than exist now. So far as Mr. Holt's
resolution Is concerned I sholl endeavor to
fhiiw you that everything: which he hopes
to accomplish through a constitutional con
vention can \>e accomplished under tho con
stitution and laws of California, as they
exliu f>-dny.
Judtre Works' resolution does not ask that
the State shall In any wiy yield Its ritrht
to rrirulate or control the distribution .-.'
wnter appropriated for pal us«> and I
do not Interpret It as a criticism of the
present Inw, except that It may be p..s
sltV that experience has shown that ■ bet
ter tribunal may tw» created for th«- ndiudl
cntlon of th» question? that may nrl«e than
the Puj-ervlsors of counties. In other worls.
I am sure we would r< t better adjudication
Forest Preservation.
We urite upon the Coneresa of the United
States the Importance of carrying into full
effect the legislation enactf-d with a view to
securing the broadest and most effective
action by the national Government for the
preservation and reforestation of the forest
lands of our country, and the resulting con
servation of our timber and water supplies,
and systematic utilization of our lumbering
resources.
We favor the establishment of a National
Commission for the t-quit-tnle adjustment of
all differences arising fn.m the appropria
tion and ui>e « : the waters uf the Interstate
rivers-
We desire and urge upon the National
Government that the public forests at and
adjacent to the watershed* of our streams
be reserved an rapidly as possible, and that
pending such action no forest lands be
leased except from year to year.
State to Assume Control.
The Etate to assume such control of the
public lands as may be delegated to it by
the Federal Government, and exjt-nd the
revenues under the direction of a State en
gineer to b« provided for by law, supple
menting the funds received from Federal
sources by such appropriations of its own
for the storage of flood waters aa may be
deemed advisable as to drainage basin, after
due investigation and report by the State
Engineer, which report shall show the cost
of the proposed improvement: the storage
capacity to be created; the average duty of
water in the irrigation h&sin; the \!.>-r
Of acres to I* Irrigated a* the result of
storage; the present ownership of r»nd value
of such acreage; what *urh lands cvuld af
ford to pay for water delivered thereon;
hat power would be developed by the pro
posed improvement, and the purposes for
whl<>h and the prices at which such power
could i* sold.
Collaboration in Irrigation.
The society to be thus formed to work in
collaboration with the National Government
in any Irrigation work which it may under
take in the State; wiln the United States^
Geological Purvey In the determination of
suitable sites for the locntlon Of reservoirs
•nd the solution of all other physical prob
lems up to the time of the actual Impound
ing and diversion of wnter: with the State
Kngineer 1 * office for all matter pertaining
to th« impounding and distribution of wat
er-; with the Department of Agriculture for
the determination uf the duty of water in
each irrigation basin, the investigation of
c!nlms upon and titles to the waters of the
Slate and the regulation requisite, to assure
to o.irh Irrigator in unquestionable title
and uninterrupted use of water legally ap
portioned to him in accordance with his use
I In th" courts than we would have if we
went before the .Supervisors or the counties
with th* quoßtlonp.
rawing beyond that. I do not believe that
either resolution goe* rteep enough t«> get
at the root of the trouble. I bvlleve that If
th suggestions In Judge "Works 1 resolution
were adopted l-etter conditions would exist.
|»ut I do not believe any change would come
in the rear that lias made capita! chary of
investment of Irrigation In «"allfornia from
that modification of our present law Th*
difficulty with the Investor is this, that he
must go before a board of Supervisors or
""lie «uch tribunal to have his rates fixed
and that the State oontrolfi the Investment
1 of hla capital. Now. If we can pet pa.«t
that dlffleuty without changing the con-
Ftitution. at the name time riving to the
capitalist the most absolute protection pos-
Blt.Je. and It can I- done under the present
laws, I think this convention will have
mrule a discovery and can forth to the
l>eople and the capitalist* of the world with
Komethlmc that will Justify the calling of
thin convention.
Irrigation Investments can be made saf«
—the safest Investment* In th* world that
capital can hr put Into: Irrigation specula
tlons cannot b*> made profitable because you
cannot gel enough out of the product of
the man with the hoe who tills the land
to pay the speculators' profit.
What have you got to do? Nothing In
the world except to plan roar water sys
tems upon the basts that the ownership Of
the water and thi- ownership of the land
shall b* united. Now, that Is an easy thing
to do. No man who understands the situa
tion to-day will buy an acre of land under
the water-right system. He will * In
under the co-operative land owners system
or not at all. Sell (took Instead of a water .
right. If you have a thousand acres of
land and have water enough to Irrigate
that thousand acres then you ran sell
shares on the thousand acres. The water
ts made appurtenant to the land.
John P. Irish took the platform to speak
to th. resolutions. He ha.l his shillelah
with him and took gentle raps at every
head in sight. He condoled with his
friend Fllcher because of th»- great waste
of his creative power In the framing of
TIIE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1899.
DELEGATES SPOUT
the statute attacked by the resolutions.
He picked out the bald spots on the pates
of the members of the legal fraternity
present, including his friends. Maxwell
and Works, and kept the convention in a
roar.
"The mNt.-ikf <ii all lrvrlslatlon In Cali
"u;i>. in creatinc special
tribui f tl idldaJ courts to
lak. charge of soi lass of prop
erty. It is th<> Inrtrmlty of the Pllcher
■ ;ii«l of the proposition i>y Mr.
II . w\ ell."
I. A. Hicks, who sai<l he represented all
and his necessity. For the conservation of
the formats the society shall work In col
laboration with the General Ijind Office and
the Division (it Forestry of the Department
of Agriculture.
University Investigation.
Fending the establishment of a State En
gineer's office, the society shall request the
Kt-Rentg of the State University to conduct
through the engineering department of the
university investigations necessary to sup
plement physical data collected by the G*n
end I-ml Office, the Geological Survey,
the Uepartment of Agriculture and the en
gineer corps of the United States army: and
Hit? society shall pledge to th* Regents
whatever funds may lie required for this
purpose.
Association Affairs.
Thai the name of such permanent organi
zation thall be the California Water and
Forest Association. Any person may be- ,
come a member upon payment of an initia
tion fee of three 'liars ($3) and thereafter
annual dues of one dollar (SI).
Its affair? shall be managed by an advi
sory council of seventy, ten to he elected
from each Congressional district, five of
whom from each district ehall be elected by
this convention and nominated by the dele-
Kates from each such district respectively;
and s.ild members so elected shall meet and
organize immediately, select five more mem
bers of *uch council from each Conces
sional district, adopt a constitution and
by-laws for such association and elect such
officers as shall \>c provided for therein.
Systetm of Irrigation Laws.
We urge the adoption of a system of Irri
gation laws In California under which the
right to the use of the water for Irrigation
shall vest In the user and become appurte
nant to the land Irrigated and beneficial use
be the measure of the right.
Proof of Water Rights.
That this convention declares in favor of
such legislation as will require all persons
and CorporatlonsuiiThg or claimTng any part
of the waters of any stream In California
within ,i reasonable time and before a tri
bunal provided by law for hearing and de
termining such controversies to make proof
of their claims to use such waters, to the
end that all rights to water may be made
matter of definite record, after which a
•■"'tin' of limitations shall preclude the pos
sibility of again putting such rights Into
Jeopardy; ami that the residuary waters be
made all.it. for further use under euch
conditions as the law may Impose.
■ The committee recommends that all fur
ther resolutions referred to it be referred to
the permanent organization.
the can^h? on Kern River, took the plat
form rot only to mm ah to th« two reso
lutions under consideration, but all others
that had been offered and passed to • : ie
committee He was beard for half an
hour on the . era! question of irriga
tion, concluding with a promise to fur
th« enlighten the convention at another
session.
Resolutions were then Introduced by M
Kirn, it favoring- the formation of the
convention Into a permanent body; by A
P. Hotchklss. that the efforts of the con
vention for the storage of flood waters do
concentrated on lines laid down by the
National Irrigation Congress; by W. j
lay. providing for th. ; creation by the
btato Legislature of a commission of five
—a lawyer, an engineer, and three lay
men—whose duty it should be to investi
gate the various Irrigation systems and
to devise a scheme of remedial legisla
tion; and by Henry E. Hlghton. providing
that an adjourned session of the conven
tion be held In this city on the first Tues
day of June, 1900. and that a general com
mittee of twenty-one persons be .ap
pointed by the chair during the present
session or within thirty days after its ter
mination, empowered to consider and re
port at the next session the various
phases of the water storage, irrigation
and debris questions.
At th«> afternoon session several resolu
tions were introduced for reference to
the committee on resolutions, and they
took that course after brief discussion.
Tho Highland Orange-growers* Associa
tion of San Bernardino County sent In
resolutions favoring the national and op
push.K the State-plan and the issuance
of bonds Frank J. Symmes introduced
a resolution suggesting the advisability
of mountain dams for power purposes
and low. r dams, provided with electrical
pumping plants for Irrigation. Thomas
of \olo submitted a proposition, In the
shape of a resolution, for the holding of
local conventions In . the several districts
or tne State to consider the subject of lm
WATER ALL DAY AT
poundinjj flood waters. T>r. IVrry of San
Francisco offered a. resoiution for the
formation of a J.>int Ftock company
nifann to raise th«- money that would be
needed for the construction of biorage
reservoirs.
M Barnett, A. P Hotchklss and W. J.
l-*".v of Anaheim took part in the X' B
eral discussion that foii-iwed.
Hermann Schttsslw tn the Spring Val
!••>• water Company took th«- platform
to discuss tho merits of ■ system su#>
I to him from a recent Inspection of
thi- Nlacara Fails power plant, which he
I would hring on land the maxi
mum of water with thi- minimum of ex-
To illustrate what could be done
on the various rivers of the State, he
took for example the Tuolumno Hiverand
m. i >v.-r thai 'lam. be said, during
Dths, March to July Inclusive,
of each yrar ther<- was a.i Cover
f water -"jual to the. proihj'-tlon of
■rer. He advocated the
liuiuiirnr of a tunnel running alongside
the river to tap the overflow, this tun
nH to be connected with pipes through
which any desir. <i amount of power could
\< tapped for w-- in an . •:. ■• trie plant con
■•■ with a single Urn of wire run
nliiK the entire length of the river, the
water, after having furnished the ;
passing again into th<- river.
"Lot the farmers along this single line
of wire," he continued, "take from it
such power a» they need to run rotary
pumps to lift the water from the river—
which lift Is not quito forty feet— then
every hundred cubic feet per second pass
ing over the top of the dam, with a hun
dred foot height, would, at least, lift, a
hundred feel per second, ten, twenty or
thirty miles away, up forty feet to the
land to be irrigated."
This plan, he said, could he pursued
on all the rivers, except Kings, winch
runs through no canyon where a dam
could he erecto/1. Through it lands far
back from the riven could be irrigated
without the least question as to riparian
rights and with no more expensive ma«
chinery than is used to turn the ordinary
ventilator fan.
The Impression created by Mr. Srhuss
1' i I r.-marks WSJ a strong one, ami h*
was k.-jt busy for the next half hour an«
ring questions concerning it.
Mr. Kalrweath.-r of Presi fYerod some
criticism of the plan suggested by Mr
Schussler, and explained the conditions
in Fresno County.
1.. A. Hicks diSCQSsed the general sub
ject of Ftora*."* reservoir* from the point
of view of an engineer.
.1 B. I.ipplnrntt of the United States
Geological Survey took Issue with a
statement made by 1,. A. Hicks that the
cost of Impounding Hood waters might
amount to $4o an aero. The annual coat
of refilling a storage reservoir would be
IT CURES MEN:
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt Gives More Evidence of Its
Wonderful Power.
/S§Ss> ~£v - There Is only one way to convince a sick man that he can be
; j^^ \ r 1\ cured, and that is my way— by proving that others have been cured
WwvPf *\ \'\ of the Same trouble. There are 10.000 men who proclaim to the
iggJKVr ) A \ world that I have made them well. This is proof. They are in every
Y^l^j- ' ■> U '1! \ town and hamlet in this State shouting words of praise to
(7* ]1 +3 Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt,
Ml 5 A &/ \ ss * yf The grandest of all remedies for troubles resulting from a loss of vi-
„ A I j^^tfl^. tality, nervous and chronic weakness, stomach and kidney troubles
| v 'MM v ~" - 'i //<■ IBSSr^-' rheumatism, lame and weak back, and all pains and aches. It cures
' PROOF. DR M. A. MeLAUOIiuN: ToJTr""^ hlfhJfft
excellent method of applying electricity. MIUM TKO.NSi'aie °
GOME /\IND BE CURED.
, Are J° u feeing badlyP Is your sleep broken Arc you easily tired Have you pains in any nart
of your bodyP If Bo stop wasting time and money on drugs and fill your body with new vitality f™™
my electric belt. It pours its gentle, warming energy into your body while you sleep. You awake «ffl
sound peaceful rest feeling like a giant. It can't burn you as other belts do. as I have invented a wonderful
regulator, and soft, chamois-covered electrodes, which give the vitalizing current in a soothing *,
glow— no burning, no blistering to annoy you. - «"ung, gentle
FRFF ' ROni^ ■ l'.*'*«t you to call If you can. If not. Bend for my beautifully lllimtraxwi tn •. .
FREE BOOK. haWneM for weakf broken . do wn men. It tells yoU honestly what I and "ves°£x>°f f
FID M A Mnl AIIPUMM 702 Marke t» Cor. Kearny, office h .-, . „ . toBj3o pm .
Jn. Ifli Hi lillll Hlilin ill S.F. and Burd!ck Clock. «Und ny( ,. 10 to I.
Will 111 l Hi lIIULniIUIILIIII Ctr.S CU dB MM I.L M Anpl M . NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
THE BIG CONVENTION.
In his opinion, about the Interest upon (4
per acre.
Judge Works of Los Angeles, George
M. Cooley of San Bernardino and Mr.
Holt took up the time in discussion till
dinner adjournment..
The convention met last evening and
received the report of the committee on
resolutions, Mr. Thomas moved the
adoption of the majority report. A dis
cussion followed, the result of which was
that a minority report was voted down
and the majority report was adopted.
The minority report objected to the leas
ing Of forests outside of the reserves for
grazing. With the majority report went
the adoption of the following resolution:
Ilesolvej, That while we believe it to he our
right and duty to secure all the ail possible
from other sources. It Is the .-"i n*e of this con
vention th.it our laws should Insure to private
■Hi'ltal already or which may hereafter be In
vested in the development, storage and dis
tribution of water, a fair and reasonable re
turn on a reasonable valuation of the Invest
ment In such works of storage and distribu
tion, and encourage further Investments and
renewed activity In the development and sup
ply of water to the arid lands of the State.
Resolved, That we urge the passage of such
laws as will compel persons who have appro
priated for rale any waters under the law» of
the State of California to furnish the same to
all consumers without preference upon a rea
sonable compensation being made therefor.
Thanks were voted (the convention ris
ing in each Instance) to wniiajn Thomas,
Chairman Dohrmann, Elwood Mead, i'ro
fessor Uppincott, the secretaries of the
convention and the press.
The Congressional district representa
tives then proceeded to make up the ad
visory council of the new association, and
the following original thirty-five mem
bers of the council were selected:
First District— N. P. Chlpman. Te
hama; J. M. Gleaves, Shasta; George 11.
Maxwell. Sonoma: H. M. le Baron, Ma
rln; William E. Bmythe, Lassen.
Second District- William Grant, Tuol
iimne; J. a. Filcher. Placer; W. A. New
cum, Amador: J. M. Mullen, Nevada;
11. A. McCraney, Sacramento.
Third District- W. Frank Pierce. Ala
mftda^ RalelghJlar car^Solnjio^George^A^
Ware. Colusa; C. W. Thomas, Yolo; P.
It. Garnett. Glenn.
Fourth District— F. J. Symrncs, Gavin
McNab, Irving M. Scott, A. B. Spreckels,
J. R. Freud.
Fifth District— F. W. Dohrmnnn, Pro
< fessor C. D. Marx, William Thomas.
Timothy Hopkins. T. C. Friedlander.
Sixth District— Thomas J. Field. Mon
terey; J. J. Dederich,. Santa Barbara; I>.
M. Holt. Los Angeles: C. B. Booth*. Los
Angeles: Charles Forraan, Los Angeles.
Seventh District— F. S. Rice. Kern; A.
J. Plllsbury. . Tulare; A. R. Brims,
Fresno: George M. Cooley. San Bernar
dino; C. K. Humbenc. San Diego.
The convention received these names
and then adjourned. The advisory coun- '
cil then met and named the following ad
ditional members:
First Dstrict— C. C. Bush. Redding; J.
M. Graham. Napa; Robert Nixon. Yreka;
1.. M. Folker, Gazelle; E. D. Sweetzer,
Santa Rosa.
Third District— C. M. Thomas. Yolo;
W. G. Sanborn. Alamfda; W. S. Green.
Colusa; Vincent ("leek. Contra Costa;
Cralpie Sharp. Alameda.
Fifth District— A. T. Hermann, San |
Jose; Professor George Davidson, Chief
Justice Beatty.
The remainder of the council will be
elected to-day, when ■ meeting will be
held at the Palace Hotel at 10 o'clock.
PLANS TO BETTER
THE HUSBANDMEN
Recommendations of the
National Grange.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BPRINGFIELD. Nov. 15.-The thirty
third annual session of the National
Grange convened in • this city to-day,
wltn Master Aaron Jont-B of South •
1n.1.. In the chair. Twenty-six States axe
rerresented.
While the committee engaged In their
deliberations Master Jones called on
Jaben Hobinson, master of the Dominion
Orange of Canada, for remarks, and Mr.
Robinson took up the most of the morn,
ing session, bringing greetings and re-
wing the work of the year in the Do
minion. The event of the afternoon ses
sion was the annual address of Master
Aaron Jones, which, together with the
report of committees, occupied the time.
Jones began nis annual address by con
gratuiating the grange on the prosperous
condition of the order. He said iis
grange favored national and State laws
controlling trusts and State Inspection.
On the subject of transportation he said:
Transportation Is one of the moat Important
Intereata In our country, and the Just and equi
table adjustment of charges for freight and '
passengers la of utmost concern to private and
public welfare. There was In the United Statea
i^i 14 -^ :uileM of railway June SO. 1837. valued at
J10.b3j.Cv5.074. The earnings of the railways in
the United States for the year ending June Jo.
ISS7, as reported, were 11.122. ■ ■•
Our vast *ea coast, our river navigation and !
our great lakes have in service documented and
undocumented vessels exceeding eight million
tonnage. Nearly four millions of this tonnage
Is In service on the Mississippi River and Its
tributaries. On the great chain of lakes ex
tending from Minnesota to New York State
sail more .-(.., s than enter the port of Liver
pool or Load More than double the freight
pagMrs through Kault Ste. Marie In eight
months than passes through the great Sues
canal in a year. Lant year 16*,000.000 tons of ,
freight passed through Sault St.?. Marie. Our
coastwise trafilc is of the same gigantic pro
portions It has been demonstrate i that water
transportation la much cheaper than by rail i
On long distances freight can be carried by
steam for one-quarter and by sail for one-
Beventh the cost by rail. In view of these facts,
should not our order favor the improvement
of our harbors on eea and lake and keep our
rivers free from all obstructions that interfere
with navigation? Our rivers and lakes are
worth billions of dollars to the American
people. I recommend that our order favor and
Insist upon the construction by the United
States of a ship canal from the Great Lakes
to the Atlantic Ocean and also a deep water
way connecting the Mississippi River route
with the Great Lakes. These great arteries of
commerce would be worth to the American
people many times their cost and would afford
the cheapest transportation known and would
be a wholesome check on railway charges. Surh
waterways would save to the farmers over ,
$2f0.0C0.w) a year.
The construction of the Nicaragua canal by i
the United Statea would bring San Francisco.
Columbia River. Puget Sound and all oeaport
towns on our Pacific coast line 10.000 miles
nearer by water to all our cltlea on the Atlan- '
tic coast and Gulf of Mexico, and the deep wa- !
terway connecting the Mississippi River. Great
Lakes and Atlantic Ooean would enable boata
to deliver cargoes from our Pacific coast to
river and lake ports and all along the I.A. of
the ship canal.
I recommend that the National Grange con
tinue to press their demands for appropriate
legislation on the following Important matters:
First— Free delivery of mail in the rural dis- ,
tricts; and that the service be placed on the
same permanent footing as the delivery of mail
in the cities and that the appropriation there
for be commensurate with the benefits aa_ '. de- '
mands for the service.
Second— Providing for i>osttl savings bank.
Third— Submit an amendment to the constitu- i
tion providing for the election of United States I
Senator by direct vote of the people.
Fourth— Enlarging the powers and duties of
the Interstate Commerce Commission, giving
them and charging them with the duty of fix
ing maximum rates of fare and freight on all
Interstate railways.
Fifth— Regulating the use of shoddy.
sixth - Enact pure-food law.
Seventh— Providing for the extension of the
market for farm products, making It the duty
of the United States consuls to aid In the ex
tending of markets for farm products as for |
manufactured articles.
Eighth— enactment of an anti-trust law
clearly defining what acts on the part of any
corporation would be against public policy.
Ninth- speedy construction of the Nica
ragua canal by the I'nlted State*.
Tenth— The speedy construction of a ship
canal connecting the Mississippi River with
the Great I.akeg and the Great Lakes with the
Atlantic Ocean.
Eleventh— Revising the fees and salaries of
all Federal officers and placing- them on a
basis of similar service In private business.
We also recommend to the several State
granges that they urge on their respective State
legislatures appropriate legislation on the fol
li-wInK Important matters:
First— Anti-trust law.
Second— Equalizing taxation as will cause all
property to bear Its Just proportion of the cost
of government.
Thlnl— The passage of "pure-rood taw.
Fourth— Provide a State commission with the
duty and power to fix maximum rate* of freight
and pa*engers on all railways subject to their
Jurisdiction.
Fifth— The revision of all fees and salaries
, placing them on an equitable basis.
ADVERTISEM.£NTS.
imsm ipfIYTLE
/Mi^|| II V lal\
f^f I I ■ ILLS
SICK KEASACHE
• Positively enred by UiefO
1-ittlo Pills.
They also Distress from D7spq?«fiv
Indigestion and Too I learty Eating. A per.
feet rnnwljr tor Diziiaess, Nansea, DrowsJ.
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
j . Bmafl Price. j
| —
I You Can Be *£?***&& \
i as Well En.f<&ss !
Dressed as fiT^TV^ i
Your Friends i/#nr^2
• it la a caae of flAy —1]
! knowing where to m\\ \ ;
| There la no place nY \
! where you can gpt / • Vy^v \
j more value In tailor- / ■*, >\i vy \
• made «Blt!< than at LS\ V 1V 1 \\ \ 5
| JOE POHEIM'S. i>\ H\ W,\ I
| An Important fart J >\4 \ :
•la that you can aave 1S la l\ \ •
; from If. to II". on + IV « V \ I
\ suit, a* he makea '>> i -sii P v, «^» !
• milts for 23 per cent ft «ll •
; le»s than other tall- _/I \ I. ft I,L •
on. fit an.l work- ST\ If 1/1 l/lw'y I
The fit an.l work- '[j f/lfl/A' VT-- 1
man*hlplB poaltlvely T/V« I 'Vl^^A\ V-" I
I guaranteed to be flrat l/f /■ M>^
Money refunded If #/ V»^^*^ V
dlrsatlsfled.
I The Tailor,
: I 110 11 12 Market lull Wa«hlr«ton
• street. »t.. Oakland.
; 201-SO3 Montgomery I »■'. S'.uth Spring
I at . Pan Franrisco. at., I- - Ang»t*a.
+O+O-+Q-+- ©-♦-©♦O -•• O-a-O ♦©♦©♦©♦O-«>
i .♦ *
1 VICHY J
. laUSllilifil;
♦ ■ Natural Mineral Water ♦
♦ MM known for centuries and ♦
4 .^B known for centuries and 4
O jM^a Imported o
♦ /jgpi ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ BiMsMt For Disordered Stomach ♦
♦ I^Sj^S and Indigoition J
0 DS£tti>jk*ZZi Itg value has been Ustl- o
1 fi3s^?*SS3 " ed to by thousands. ♦
♦ j VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy. ®
♦ I^l IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ i£^J^fia Get the Genuine. J
O AS'JfiiLVrjty To'ir phyVdan O
♦ VflUffTyH wl " rr. •inm»n i It. ♦
♦ A.VlGXl£B.Diitriistl3(rA«at °
-»o*o*o*o»o*o^o*o*o*o*o^o*
It Is th« medtdn«
above all others for
catarrh, and Is worth f^l^p <l^P iw.'^
, Its weight In (old. /Ji^Skz I *}
Ely's Cream Balm Is V; YfJ/
safe to use and It does F" $ff
all that Is claimed for f
it. —B. W. Spcrry. / ! > V
Hartford. Conn. &■•**■<•■■■»«
Cream balm la placed Into nostrils. >preaJ«
over th* membrane .in I la ahaorbed. Relief > <
Immediate and a cure follows It la not drying
i — does not produce uneezlng. Large all*. 50c.
at drunci!«t» or by mall: trial nit*. We. by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. > Warren it.. New York.
1 ITTIAiA I Healing, Harmless
■MTftA4A iiGQiiiigf naiuiicoo
DUpnCn and Efficient.
JLJLIIvW^W Positively r?m-ivcs
w nn M , Pimples and all Skin
ron the Eruptions and pro-
COMPIjEUON JS,; n3tural com *
two tints Phroso takes the
FLESH ••.WHITE PlaceP Iace of P?, wJ " and
PHROSO MtG.CO. 'TV "° 01ly ll ef '£s
MMCIA.CAL , Sold by all dru «*
Eastman Kodaks
REDUCED 331, PER CENT.
No. I Batra Eye. regular $* 60 now »n.:tA
| No. 4 Bull's Eye. regular |i; 00 now fIS.(M)
i No. 4 Cartrld?e Kodak, re« 13 now «i<;.«;r.
! No. I F. P. X i«k. regular t15....n0w Jlii.iki
No. 1 F. P. Kodak, regular 110.... n0w «li.tM
ALL OTHERS IN PROPORTION.
Mntu4&tfi>it(fa
OPTICIAN^ PH(nOP H( n0^ nSrjtMTIPICn 5rjtMT1PlC ,(
642 Market St. l-istrumikts
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS nEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
flrat Installment of Heal EUtat* /axes an.l all
unpaid Peraonal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
1 November 27. at * o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
' DAT EVENING. NOVEMBER IS.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS. November 24 and S. from 7 to 1
o'clock.
EDWARD I. BHIIEIIAN,
Tax Collector o( the City and County of Ban
Francisco. "\ .
a»aaaa«aa—— -■»■. »aa. ■«.»•»
- 1 - Tranacontln»ntal tourist* an<l tra«- I
I stsrS from all over the United State* .
■ I show their %yprtclatloa «X UM «i»ei- *
. " l«oc« of the T
J PALACE -to
1 GRAND |
111 1 i
1 by making these hotels their beadqoar< I
< tera while In San Francl»c«x Fourteen II
i hundred rooms. *» with bath*— largesc
i • and finest to the world.
I JOHN C. KIKKPATRICK. Managtr. «
r*y '» .l/,/,.Vfrru«' /»i-"»a«»-ra»lla« 21ntu-
JKf 2<l orr. 8l«»pl' | MneM. < tc. caaaatl by o*«r.
nf v I work »o I Inuiai n-:i <i... Thru quickly
\ ,^OA anil murrltf reatorv LociVitallti in oil
|\ •"/ or louac. »nd til • man for •laay. bm j-
— m**J&L^ d«m or plausarm, l'r»t»nt lr.vu.it; sal
Oonaan(<tioa if taken la Mm*. Th^ir
DM imadiaU tanmstuent an 1 uln'.t CUKU
I arhara all othara fall. la-.i»t ui-on huviarf thagaaain*
Tablets. They ba*o corwl thou Made and •ill
rare yoa. We gif m po.m»o written ggiuuitMttair
rtaearaineach cm* or refond to* bk»«. Prtc*
i KO rtc *" r Pff kl % fJ. §l 1 P*** B**"8 **" I tall trwu.
I OUt 15, meat) for / nv.il. ia pUla vnuer
opoarecnlrt of price »'i reel «ra free
! AJAX REMEDY CO.. 70 c^o^T.. 8{ "
1 For aale In S. F. by !vlpnlts & Co.. No Per*
I centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F., ' >akl M.
! , Weekly Call.sl.oo per Year
56
THURSDAY NOVEMBER i6..i8.»
JOHN D. SFRECKELST Proprietor. j
Addr»M AU Communications to W. S. LtAKE, Manage*.
FLBUCATION OFPICE Morß«t and Third StK. S. F,
Ttlattbot* Main ltd
EDITORIAL HOO.MP M to £21 Suvimon Street
Tilephcc* Mala UTC
DEUYXRED »T CARRIKH& IS CENTS PEll WEEK.
£!.-:;!• Copl«B, A cecU.
T«rn ■ kf Mall. lnotn<lln« Port»s«i
DAILY CAT-t. .Cjrnjdin* Sunday C*ll>. on* y»ar frt.OO
I aILT CAM- (including Bandar CaU), • month*. JI.OO
15AJ1.T CAL.I. <!ndU<:ißS Sun'br O&U). I mo aID • ... I.CO
DaILT CALL— By 6in»,» Month tUSo
FUN'DAT CALL -. Tear „. 1.50
WEEKLT CALL O:.» Tur l.«M>
All poitoiMttn are autborirr^ to reo»iTJ rub»cr!ptleo«.
Saapla ouplea will b* forward^ whep renuewted.
OAKLAJVD OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROOHESB.
Manager ! orol£u Advertising. M«r<iuett» Buildtaa.
ChtcdAo.
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C C. CARLTON , Herald Squara
NEW YORK L PR TENTATIVE i
rCKRY LLKI dR .....29 TrUma* Bnlldlofl
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
«b«n»an Uou#«; P. O. Njwi Co.| <Jr»at Mortaer» Hate);
riaauuui H«oa»; Aocitorluci Hctsl.
■'
NEW YOUK NEWS STANDS.
WaJ«orf-Aat .ria Uotcl; A. grcnUtso. IX. Vvitm 9cu*r»r
Marrmjr li..'. UouL
VSA«.l!lN<,ru> (D. C.) OFPICE WclllnCton Hotol
J. L. ENGLISH, Corrc»pondent.
tRANCU OFFICES— C 27 Mootflom«ry »tra«t. corner Clay,
open until o : 3o o'clocK- 300 Hayes »tr««t. OD«n until
030 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark In street, open until o^o o'clock
:S4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £261 Market
itr*et. corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock- 109$
Valencia street, open until 9 clock '06 Eleventh
itrcet. open uotll 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty^
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj.heurn— Vaudevtlle.
fiilumMn- "Why Smith I^eft Home."
<"«!;.'-.>i-ii!a — "What lia|i;iene<l to Jones."
Tlv.li--"The Masked Hall."
Alraia.r— "My Fri« tvl rrota India." "*
Crn:iJ Oiiera-hoiv^-'The M<-rr>' Monarch."
New Alhambra— "A .1..-idy .»f quality."
Mai'» lt.»'m, Talare l!ft<»l— Mf«l<-1 I>/.1 Show, to-morrow.
OidU*. i>>o and Theater— V*uJevUl« every afternoon and
•ventt.c.
Olymrla. corner MaiKn nnd Ellin streers—^peclaHlea.
h"!u-rmai»-C*la,y Hall— Concert.
tVr.traJ Park— Kiw-plwhiw and iHrformanwa.
W.tfrn Turf Asuurlutl.^n. San Mateo C^Hinty— Race*.
~ AUCTION sales.
-
Bj' i^.-.-e & MenJenhail— Thl» day. at 11 o'clock. Trcttlnit-
tre<i JJ»m aaJ Geldings, at corner Market ftreet and Van
By Voa Itheia & Co.— Thl« dar. at 12 o'clock. Ileal Estate, at
£13 CA'.lf.irtiiit. street.
RAIN AND WATER STORAGE.
OK> situated that it is
. : • r a shower, and
ck under nun
.
■;!'ject. r.
Bd the >kics arc
many
I by the pi
•
rying thl
■ ' I «f the first
■ i CO
:<>re in r:.
:ncan much, or
It is evident that the irrigation, feature of the Fe '.
cral plan has been impinged upon another policy. The
«»' «... • . .
great \\ estern stock-raiMUg interest!;, which have long
occupied as ranges the public lands from Western
Nebraska to this coast, have enjoyed them in com
reon, and by over-stocking have fed them down until
their average capacity is about six steers to a section
of land. The large owners of herds have sought to
secure advantages by so fencing the lands they own
in fee as to inclose public land, but this process is
now outlawed by an act of Congress, ami the stock
men ''■ besieging the Government to do what it
should have done long ago — preserve the permanency
of the ranges by leasing the lands to the cattle
men. This is an enlightened imitathm of the pad
dock policy pursued in Australia, which has been the
life of the wool industry there. In order to strengthen
themselves the stockmen have succeeded in an alliance
•with the irrigators by getting the Misjoula conven
tion to start a propaganda for the conversion of the
proceeds of the leases into a -fund (or the construction
of reservoirs, for storage of flood waters to be used
in irrigation. To this there is no objection, except
that the capital so made available is grossly over
estimated and is ridiculously in excess of any price
which the stock interest can afford to pay for lease
hold possession of the ranges. The stockmen have
been wise in their generation. They have taken up
and own the water in all the grazing region, which is
absolutely necessary to carrying on their business. A
man who owns no ■water. cannot compete for the leases
of the public graying lands, and those who do own
it. therefore, are the only ones who can bid for th
leases. The ranges arc now so overfed that years of
under-stocking will be required to restore their forage
producing capacity to what it was when the vast herd?
firtt occupied it. The fact of the gnawed-out condi
tion of these lands is a factor in fixing the leasing
price, which cann..t 1* equitably disregarded by the
Government. -It is plain, therefore, that the stock in
terests gain more than they give in the alliance with
the irrigators. but we hope their plan for leasing will
succeed and will soon be in operation, for it concern*
not only an important item in the domestic food sup
ply but an important article profitable to our export
trade
What is desirable is that the irrigators shall not be
led into dependence upon the TentoHhese lands to
speedily effect storm-water storage and be lulled into
a do-nothing policy where their own clTorts might
pioducc speedy results. As Mr. Mead has pointed
cut. California has capacities which give her a creator
interest in the subject than any other State in the
Ui.ion. Wyoming is not so much interested in irri-
KMion, perched as she is on the cold summit of the
Reeky Mountains, as she is in the leasing of the
stock ranges, so that the buffalo, bunch and gram mi
grasses and the white sage may grow again to rail
back the immense herds that made her greatest of the
grazing States.
The same is largely true of Idaho, Montana, East
ern Oregon and Nevada, to all of which we wish great
success and prosperity, which we believe can be at
tained without hurting California's development, as
it would be retarded by full commitment to ■ policy
which is le«s •: our interest than it is for the benefit
cf those other Str.tes.
The British need not be uneasy because Oom Paul
is issuing letters of marque. There are no privateers
of mark to take advantage of them.
SCMURMAN AND HOAR.
IT is of mucji interest to compare the views of Presi-
Schurnun of the Philippine Commission, an
iginal anti-imperialist, with those of Senator
roMiit anti-imperialist. President Schurman
- the rank? of the fatalists by raying that no mat
ter what one's individual opinions may he we are in
tlie Philippines and most consider what we are to do
tnmands a measure of respect which is
denied to M>ine by omitting all cant ahum Providence
!m\i:^ commanded the situation. 1:: discussing the
ter outside of the ofi)cial report of the commis
' ttofl he rebukes the spirit of ownership as con-
Bty, and says that to
I ownership of the islands and the people, with
the implied rif-v-.t !•• do ::■- we p'.ea-e with our own,
C a harb.inc position, incompatible with the
■ growth of any feeling of obligation to be just to the
indignant and hostile people over whom we assert
ereignty bought with money from a power which
they had not only repudiated but had with their own
expelled From the archipeiatio. He repudiates
Ihc money-making idea utterly, and rebukes the spirit
Jism with which Senator Carter and
del De:iby view the whole question, and declares
that we must have an eye single to the highest inter
<•:> <>f the Filipinos themselves. To this end we
must of our treasure expend all that may be necessary
| to educate them, urgani/e their industries for their
benerit — not ours, raise them in the scale of existence,
do what may he done to obliterate race and tribal dis
tinctions among them, give them a sense of oneness
of interest and a common thirst for advancement and
ess. These views are humane, civilized and
r. The programme which is to make them our
DC that no conqueror has ever car
ried out. and that no race, feeling itself the superior,
has ever adopted and successfully held toward an infe
rior race. If we can do it the accomplishment will he
■ t glory in our history and will put out of fo-
I that we have heretofore accomplished. That Wt
■ ■ just the ■ I all this in our treatment
• • inferior race- with which we have been in ini
g d; turn line
which to start on «uch an crr.ind to a peo|
' distant a-. -<'!it from us in all racial respects.
Turning to the views of Senator H<>ar we find them
yon the same line. He says: "When the Pre>i
ih.it forcible annexation, according to our
American code ol morals, would be criminal agtfres
be ■ copperhead? Was he disloyal to the
fla;,'? Was he not a Republican? Was there ever an
utterance so cnlcul:.- I rage to Aguinaldo
and his people M that? The time Ins come to make
tf.you ..re to declare that you do not
mean to subjugate and enslave the Filipinos tlien you
d the principles ol your
own I ration of Independence, and the war can he
I in an how. The refai to make this declara
i • h tlii* war. and your refusal now to de
es is alone responsible for its con
tinuance. The leader of the Filipinos hod been
fjht to the Hand* in a United States ship, and
was in arms at the head of his force* with our full
concurrence and co-operation. If the statement at
tributed to a high official who i- .-..metimes called
-.t in the Cabinet with the President is true.
their lent McKinley,
the 1- colonel in the regular army of the
which i> of itself a sufficient refutation
::n. They had framed a pro
• uion. which was a model of its kind,
dictator-hip like those established by
L'olii _; S nth Amfrifl, to pive place to a repuh-
D as the military condition should make i:
'<.-. Now we bare to settle the question which
the President has repeatedly declared is for Con i
or the • ' lie then points out that such settle
ment must be in the interest of the natives, that it
singly consider their welfare, and that in proportion
them ti> become a - -in^ nation we
will T' ■ I the cost and responsibility
vernin^r them in f-j.>r.e of themselves. He says
this prrat question has been discussed with a levity
and intolerance and with an appeal to low motives
and cheaj' | - rarely paralleled in political his
:udcs with this: "The American peo
' c brave and just people who made the immortal
■ • ffl and defended it with lite and fortune
and sacred honor: who established our wonderful
constitution; t<> whose Monroe doctrine is due the
m of the American continent from the Rio
<irande to Cape Horn, have not changed their char
acter ti"r their principles in the twinkling of an eye
under the temptation of any base motive or personal
advantage, or the excitement of war. They are sub
11 masses of men are subject, how
ever intelligent or however upright. t<> great waves of
■n. But their sober second thought is to be
trusted. Their deliberate action will be .vise and just.
The . ions by which they are stirred and by
which their judgment is now clouded are generous,
noble and humane. Reason will resume its sway and
the preat republic will remain a republic."
It is plain 40 be seen how narrow is the line which
divides the thoughtful sentiment of the country on
this subject. And it is further seen how quickly that
division will disappear as scon as war ceases and its
passions subside.
"Line is busy will probably not ring so often now
in the ears of the victims of the telephone monopoly.
The Supervisors evidently believe that people have a
right to receive that which they pay for and do not
get. s
DEMAND A PARCELS POST.
o>'F. of the benefit! winch th<- business men of
the country I 1 :. m from Congress at
i on jn the establishment of a par
• n ftimUar t<> that which has been so
i&fal!y in operation in othef countries. At a rc
• uti\r committee of the Na
tociation of Manufacturers, one of the
-t industrial organizations in the Union, there
!>>jin-<l a resolution declaring the committee fa
i iblishment of such a system and author
ident of the association to take such
mi-]>- :> he may deem necessarj to procure action by
In an interview on the subject Charles A. Schieren,
treasurer of the association, said to the New York
Sun: "The association cites the records of our Post
office Department to prove that merchandise could
rried in the mail"; here at about the English rate,
which begins at f » cents a pound and increases at the
rate of 2 cents a pound up to ten pounds The limit
is tie ten pounds and the rate for both the ton and
eleven pound packages is 25 cents. According to
the last annual report of the United States Postofficr'
Department the actual cost of transporting a pound
of mail in this country for the estimated average dis
• littic under 6 cents a pound and not more
than H cents, which was the rate for merchandise in
the mails at tin- time it was changed in the early
seventies to 16 cents a pound by what was then known
as 'the great express companies job.' The Govern
ment rate is therefore now 100 per cent in excess of
THE SAX lEA7S CISCO CALL. TUT RSDAY, XOVFMBEE lf> % 1899.
actual cost on the parcels post which we now have in
this country. The rate is prohibitive and therefore
the express companies get the benerit of this discrim
ination in their favor."
The "express companies job" to which Mr. Schieren
refers is one of the scandals of our postoftice history.
The companies not only procured the increase in the
rate<; which the postomce charges for carrying parcels,
but they have also stood in the way of every attempt
to provide the people of the United States with an
adequate parcels post system. John Wannamaker,
who when Postmaster General studied the subject,
stated "there are only four great objections to a
parcels post in the United States, and they are the
four great express companies." The issue before the
Manufacturers" Association, therefore, is to overcome
the corporation lobby at Washington, and in that
• the association should have the cordial support
of the press «nd the people.
The time is propitious for the contest. By the
open and defiant shirking of the war tax the express
companies have revealed something of the extent of
their greed and aggressiveness. The people are there
lore ready to grapple with them in earnest. It is in-
tolerable that great improvements and extensions of
the postal facilities of the country should be blocked
by corporations which, not content with what thfy
have gained from the public in that way, have shifted
their share of the taxes made necessary by the war,
and have defied the decisions of the courts declaring
it to be the duty of the express companies to affix
the revenue stamps required by the law.
The issue is one of far-reaching importance. A
parcels post system is one of the needs of civilized
countries. It is more needed in the United States
than in any other country, and yet we lag behind
Europe in the establishment of such facilities. It is
gratifying to have the subject taken up by so impor
tant an organization as the Manufacturers' Associa
tion, and it is to be hoped the movement for reform
will be pushed vigorously.
The desperate San Quentin convict who murder
ously attacked his keeper and was then saved by a
rope from drowning will probably discover that there
is more than one sensation in dangling from the end
of a rope.
POPE LEO XIII will be ninety years old next
March. He is hale and serene in his old age,
but at ninety years human life is very frail. It is
liable to pass away in a night even when there is no
particular malady or ill to hasten its departure. There
fore there is incessant speculation going on concern
ing the succession, and we may be sure the speculation
is accompanied in some quarters by quiet efforts to
direct the course of events and determine beforehand
accessor shall be.
For that reason more than ordinary interest at
taches to the recent dispatches to The Call concerning
the men who are supposed to be most likely to suc
ceed Leo. Our dispatches report Cardinal Gotti to
be seemingly highest in favor at the present time, and
a similar view is taken by other authorities who have
made public expression of opinion on the subject.
The London Spectator, for example, in a review
of the chances of the probable candidates for the
office, pointed <>ut that an Italian is almost certain to
be chosen, partly because a lar^e majority of th~
I ardinals are Italian and as the governing committees
of the church are centralized in Rome they would not
like a f'.ni^ner to preside over them, but mainly be-
cause there are such, international enmities among
British, French, Germans, Austrians and Slavs that
a candidate of either of those nations would meet the
antagonism of all the others. It suggests that a Car
dinal from the United States would probably meet
no hostility in Europe, but might find it from the
Spanish-American countries, and the chances of such
a candidate are therefore no better than that of one
from Germany or France.
The choice being virtually confined to Italians, the
Cardinals in choosing a new Tope at this juncture
will undoubtedly seek for a man satisfactory to other
nations as well a = to Italy. The Spectator concludes
that the conditions of the time will lead to the exclu
rrom the field of choice of all conspicuous and
well-known Cardinals except Cardinal Gotti. whom
the Pope is said to favor as his successor, Cardinal
Jacobini and Cardinal VannutellL It was said in our
dispatches that Vannutelli is favored by the "Ameri
canists." but the word must not be confounded with
Americans, for it is used to signify the supporters
of a certain policy to which the name "Americanism"
has been given by those who oppose it.
While the prospects at present presage the choice
of one of these three, and the character and disposi
tion of each is being widely discussed, it is to be re
membered that in Papal elections, as in everything
else, there i< many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip.
The venerable Pope may outlive the men who are
now suggested as his possible successors, r id, more
over, when the test of comparative strength comes
the three leaders may defeat one another and leave an
avenue open for some other Cardinal who is unknown
to fame and not thought of as a candidate.
A dispatch from Kansas contains the information,
that Brigadier (icncral Funston fears there will be
no more fighting to do by the time he reaches the
Philippines. What's the odds? He will find more
than one river to swim.
Admiral Crowninshield has taken a second thought
and. having thus amended his ideas, has proceeded to
amend his report. We have thus a double improve
ment, one in the man and another in his words, so
let us be thankful.
Latest London advices are to the effect that the
British War Office has accepted a gift of 10.000 plum
puddings lor the troops in South Africa. Who will
deny now that the fates are not on the side of the
Boers?
What may be characterized as "The Great Puzzle
of the Philippines— Tlow to Capture Aguinaldo." is
keeping the pursuing generals pretty busy nowadaVs.
There are no indications of an early solution of the
puzzle.
To Hobson will probably be delegated the task of
raising the Charleston. We wish him the success that,
attended his sinking of the Merrimac. The lieutenant
will go down in history as sinker, raiser and— kisser.
It is announced in the dispatches that Uncle Sam
intends to improve the shape of Porto Rico. Here's
a chance for Harriet Huhbard Aver and the other
beauty doctors to pull the old man's leg.
"All things come round to him who will but wait."
Our astronomical friends who have been waiting
thirty-three years for the meteoric shower are now
hairing their day. or ratfier their night.
Admiral Dewey has safely reached his Washington
home with his bride. The country will now turn
its attention to that other hero— the football gentle
man who is kicking his way to fame.
THE PAPAL SUCCESSION.
DOOR OF REFUGE.
THIS thing, which Is not .it all pretty, has the distinction of having been
perhaps the loveliest and most beautiful right that many men ever saw— at
I that time. The time referred to was when they were racing for life. Then,
tho slKht of this ugly piece of metal was finer that anything else In the
world could have been to them, because It was the knocker on the door of
the Mnctuary of St. Cuthbert In Durham Cathedral.
in the <>id times criminals who could reach the sanctuary before their pur
suers got th.m were housed, fed and protected .< tliii t v-s.-\ . n days during
which time Dot eren the Kins mlj;ht h.irm th.'m. If this old Inwfcer could
speak, there would come from it thrilling and ram and sorrowful stories. The
hands of nobles and nf beggars, of vile murderers and i • women of
Swaggering duolists and of Rontlomen of the road, all hare Wielded It lustily and
anxiously. The last one to touf-h it and to claim sanctuary was admltta
September 10. 1524. No record r<«mains of who he was. He and his .rime have
been forgotten long ago.
GREAT CHANCE FOR HOME
AND COLLEGE STUDENTS
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Jesse D. Can*, the Salinas capitalist, Is
at the Occidental.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of San Jose is
I a guest at the Lick.
I. S. J. Bar«mian. a traveler from Eng
land, Is a guest at the Palace.
Judge J. W. Hughes of Sacramento is
at the Lick, accompanied by his wife.
. T. B. Rickey, a wealthy mine owner of
Carson, New, Is at the Palace for a short
stay.
K. I. Bentley, one of the leading attor
neys of Sacramento, is a guest at the
| Lick.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler came from
Berkeley yesterday and registered at
the Palace.
John Sunderland, a wealthy resident of
Reno, Nt v.. is among the late arrivals
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Baxter are regis
tered at the Occidental from their homo
in W'atsonvllle.
W. 11. MoKenzie. a leading banker of
Fresno, is nt the Lick on a short business ,
trip to this city.
Mrs. B. M. Kellogg left on Tuesday
last for New York City. She will bo away
until the holidays.
Judge A. »*. -Hinkson, a prominent ju
rist of Sacramento, is among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Grand.
Colonel A. W. Jones, a prominent rail
road man of Pacific Grove, is among the
recent arrivals at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. M. S. Davis, two promi
nent society people of Santa- Rosa, are
: registered at tho Palace for ■ few days.
B. U. St<-inman. the well-known Sacra
mento politician, is at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday on a flying visit to
the city.
Andrew Muir, one of the o railroad con
tractors who built the Valley road, is in
the City on a short business trip. •He
Is registered at the Occidental. . • '.
Professor Natanabe of the Royal,Col
lego at Toklo, and If. Tanikawa, promi
nent In the commercial affairs of japan,
are at the Occidental en route- to the
Orient after a visit throughout the East. •
H. H. Eddy, son of W. M. Eddy, the
Santa Barbara banker and capitalist, is
registered at the Grand, having just re
turned from Jinn ail, Alaska, where he
has been engaged in business* for some.
I time past. •'.«'',
Editor C. K. McClatchy of the-Sacra
mento Bee, accompanied by Mrs. Me-
I Clatchy. spent a few hours in the city
, yesterday, en route to San Diego on a
pleasure trip. They left for the south la
j the evening.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— J. D. Krhort
nnn wit* of Ban Francisco arc at the St.
Jrmes; W. A. Il.irrinjrton of San Frasi
cisco is at tho Wlllard.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
KDUCATIONAI^-D. I>. D.. Fort Point,
City. 'Hi. -re la an education*] Journal'
published in this city called The Western
Journal of Education.
BOXSS For SAILORS-L.. Oakland.
Cal. Christmas boxes intended for sail
ors at the Philippines ■ Irtrwid to the
Individual and ship on hoard of which he
Is. and marked "Major F. B. Jones gen
fJ? 1 •• i P m rl , nt " n ' ' nt army transport ser
vice." will be sure of delivery.
STUDYING MEDICINE-H H.. City.
VI hat imdical works and literature one
rad «t' 3 home l«°l «° a question that should
»n,LrH Om f L l a luestion that can be
answered only by one who would have
Know U what ln . hai li ! -. Such n porson t.. the
•tudenr. capability according to the
predate iTii pab il llty to ""'^"tanJand «P
preciate what he would read.
PHILIPPINE LIBRARY E. E.. Santa
Cruz, C'al. Litoraturc InUndad for th*»
Sunday
I n\i MAGAZINE
Will. SECT| ON.
NOVEMBER 19.
A Night
With the Provost Guard
A Sunday Ca I woman's experiences
with a provost guard rounding up
the missmg ones of the Forty-S x:i
Regiment.
LESSONS OF THE WAR.
By GENERAL NELSON A. MILES.
OUR AMERICAN GIRLS
By MRS. NELSON A. MILES.
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S WIFE.
By a San Franciscan who knows her.
TBE SOCIAL EVIL — ITS REMEDY.
BOOKS OF THE WEEK.
Rev,ewed by PROF. H. B LATHROP
of Stanford University.
AS THE FRENCH VIEW CUR MILLIONAIRES
By GtNEVItVE GREEN.
The Latest Fashions in Fur**.
Dramatic Stui » o* the Week.
Have you notej tn« fact that the Sunday
Call Magazme Sector, for stores of .ntense
mterest. fme .llustrat.on, and art.strc drest
nvals any other Sunday paper m Amer , ca ,
soldiers' library at Manila. P. 1., may be
sent to the quartermaster's department.
San Francisco, which will forward the
same by transport. This department is
not aware of what church General Otis Id
a in. ml., When offlcera In the service
of the United States arc commissioned
they are not asked any question as^to re
ligion, and no record of rellKlon Is ■ I' l -
WHY WEBSTER
GOT HIS SALARY
Ex-Aud!tor Broderlck Explains a
Point In School Department
Salaries.
Editor Pan Francisco Call-in an arti
cle published In The Call of November
14. headed -w Found a Golden
Windfall." I think some Injustice has
been done, and I therefore b«u leave to
make or surest some correction. Al
thoiiKh th' subject matter of tho article
Is now two and a half years old. I have
very distinct recollection as to the whip.
The article r*cltes that Mr. Webster
wns elected Superintendent of Schools In
I>>>; that Habcock, the Incumbent, re
fused to turn over the office: that Web
ster Institute-*] suit In I*>> and obtained n
favorable decision in March. U97. and
that "durlnji the two and a half months
the action was pending, however. Ha brock
continued to present his salary warrants
and Auditor Hrod.-rlck honored them. In
stead of holding thorn up until such time
as a decision should be hamled down."
I p to IM»l in such a contest, under «ec
tlon fttf of the Political Code, the Audjt»r
would have been obliged to hold all such
claims, but In isai that section was
annnded, making specltlc provision and
direction for the payment of the salary
of annfllre to an incumbent discharging
the duties of the office during the
pendency of a contest, the same as If no
»uch contest or proceeding was pending.
Mr. Bahcock received the* salary of th«
"Hi" ••> under tli in provision of law. and la
therefore under no obligations whatever
to the Auditor. His demand and warrant
was leral and could not be denied or ro
fuscd.
The article also stated that upon Mr.
\\ebster obtaining the ofnee he presented
claims for salary from January 1 (should
be December 2l> to March 25. 1*37. "but
Hroderlck held them up on the rround
that the salary had been paid to Dahcock.
Webster contended that Habeock had no
rlßht to draw It. but ISroderick was ob
durate, and Webster finally let tho mat
ter pass."
This statement Is absolutely erronecis.
Mr. Babco< receipt of the salary nad
nothing whatever to do with the cause of
my refusal to pay Mr. Webster the salary
of Superintendent of Schools. Mr. Web
ster. In my Judgment then, and In :ny
JudKment now. had deliberately by his
own action become disqualified and had
forfeited any riKht he mlpht have had to
such salary. Had he not done so tho
Auditor should and would have allowed
the salary on the face of the decision. Hh
would have hid the same right to salary
as th» reinstated teacher has who obtains
salary notwithstanding another teacher
has been paid for teaching the class dur
' ii k the pendency of suit ,for reinstate
ment.
Section I*ii3 of the Political Code pre
scribes that "no School Superintendent
who receives an annual salary of Sl.ViO or
more, must follow the profession of teach
ins, or any other vocation that can con
flict with his duties as Superintendent,
' but those recelvhißlf'SH ... may teach
In public schools of this State."
Mr. Webster pr# rented demands' for m!
ary properly allowed and audited by tho
Board of Education as teacher In th«
Polytechnic Hljjh School, and recelwd
mini thereon for the month of De
cember, isae. and the months of January
and February. IW. If.- was admonished
and advised at the tlmo by the Auditor
that he was perhaps Jeopardizing his riirht
to the salary nf Superintendent in the
event of the decision being In his favor.
There was considerable doubt as to tho
outcome of the contest, and Mr. Wtb.tter
may have considered "a bird In the hand
better than two In a bush." As he so
willed It. I allowed him the bird In the
hand, lie has now. It .«eems. caught tho
I two that were In the bu.«h two and a half
years a»to. I thought Mr. Webster was
entitled to but one salary under th« pro
visions of the. law. and he forced me to
allow and pay that of the teacher during
unccrtiilncy __ — _-.- -_ Therefore
the city was entitled. In my Judgment, to
the benefit of his deliberate and volun
tary action of disqualification. Respect
fully. \V. HKODERICK.
San Francisco. Nov. 13. IMH.
Cal. glace fruit its per 1b at TowuMnd'r*
Look out for 11 Fourth st. Nr. |c barber
or grocer. Ilest eyeßlassw 10c and 40c. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business hounest and public men by tht»
Press Clipping 1/ureau (Allen 1*),1 *), IV) Mont-
Bomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Two Years for Counterfeiting.
K.-tri KriatcJMCß, ll r, wai
Sinn i ■ • Iriß by I
Imprinonment ir: • • ntlary
had plead i ■! jculltj and thuii
t ut all ■IN.ij>j»i>inte«l
with tl ••nr#>.
No well-regulated hou»*hold »houM b« with
out Dr. J. O. 1!. Sletert & Son»" An*o«tura
lilttera. une«iuale«l as an a; r*t!zer.MISCELLANEOUS.
f nmo ff) PoHfllOPDn'o reat uil^ ing
FOR CHAMBER SUITS— FOR DRESSERS— FOR CHIFFONIERS— FOR BOOKCASES— FOR DESKS— FOR CHAIRS— IRON AND
BRASS BEDS— FOR DINING TABLES— FOR PARLOR FURNITURE— FOR CHAIRS AND ROCKERS— in fact, for everything that comes under
the heading of HOUSE FURNISHING. LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP— COMPARE BEFORE YOU BUY.
In this ag© of Furniture Improvement you cannot afford to buy House Furnishings that have kept th« salesmen company for ten years,
and pay an exorbitant price for it besides. .
Read our advertisements with attention and seriously. There is no other furniture concern on the Pacific Coast that can duplicate what
we offer!
MORRIS ft SSSSbtH 3.95 H^rs^-^^'^^^^^^p Parlor Suites.
CHAIRS. PVs"V - ?''-|'" W " k —^*^^mm<mw3jP j Parlor suite. 3 pieces, over-
vrmuw. CTjg* #i^ IA OR for KM fancy Roman Beat M IT^R — rrr*B cuffed $30.00 $22.00
-■ftTr"."" I ."* U*V >&_W_^ ■ ■ T-iZJ with upholstered Beat; nicely . B 1 3 13 D Parlor suite. 5 pieces, dam-
VW *'\ 4?;', finished. W Jl^^^Jh g ask covered $60.00 $49.00
Vk --Av'Ml} - f\n for $T.TS chirTonler with Cve (I SrtOWWblBL.-^ii Parlor .*."... !'......^. !?!..'... C . $45.00 $33.60
fti W C fin f«r r.78 chiffonier with five fl _^^^WSBP^9 lour $45.00 $33.50
V* • >1« -With O.UU l^edraw,rs. I Parlor suite. 6 pieces, dam-
\n  '•"'^•'iiTT? "'i" ETlBa ™ aak covered $«.00 $23.35
?>i, HandSOfTlP COX for J9M Morris rhalr. made of § * W Parlor suite. 6 pieces, dam-
■ anuauilir h IK polished oak or birch, mahog- * § aak $125.00 $33.00
«k^Vt^^^|) ReVerSiblB an> ' flnlBh> * Parlor suite. 8 pieces $65.00 $41.75
l^fil.| v i> n  „ .„ . *7 Crt extension dining tables Parlor suite. 6 pieces, silk
/ CUShiOnS. Q7R ror vH a0 ° box couch covered /,!)||. Though the price Is unusually velour $75.00 $58.00
LgrfgtZjLtT WUd|IIU "2.* Oi/J w ' th fancy denim; patent lift |l » . low the table has all the
■*ff»'2ifc^2 spring. characteristics of more expensive ones. -.rr-ts.
"*■*• BECOND Kl>cmn. . The legs are heavily carved and tho J*&&£iSl^
tn, nr • r •- . r,,i -rt rf'niT,^ r^^ ,-v.i. 10 7R f0 , ,°° whlt< enamel <5rr * !<er > b '* nl stretchers are ornamented. It OTlFf^yT^xrmnritrr ,■ ■..■!. «
16,25 - * - o< a?. 'sssajfswssss 12.75 -* >»- w »■«• »>-,^ ««»%£%;--:>«-* iSHtap^
, __-. . , Inches and when open 6 feet long. • «S^ "'.?<&*& -^, ;«J»CI '^*(^i U j^ffi
fn __ for j lsr , D combination book case. II OR * r $ f 7OO i n!n , & c** lll "*. made ") I AA for round dining , room tables. pe*^^ J A. K Mti^ .V.r^, M
(2,75 n.ade and flnlßhed. •"'• lI.ZO of -elected oak. 24.00 4: " ln X h ,^R\ 8 feet when OPen: "B" ' — -^~Z >-3
IR7; ?or J23 -°°, hair-flr.ed mattress. riT\Aniol Coin Dnnnnln-m T nwT\n *^*C3£S!S2^SSfc*3l3
i5.70~ bpecial bale Porcelain Lamps.—- ,-?»—---
T>»^ _n ■ _ ttßu ~^-U - j *~ - -^. mi .- il • .. _ _ erlngs, well made X l|||
vSS"SPSTW^^SS^ CP /I Ou In order to make all Sin Francisco recog v lV v
Ml If Jf/TTI cHT I^ /LJ<ri n '"ze with tellingforce the fact that we have I >^^.
I f I W/ilw *r A«^^<L^» a wideawake Lamp Department, we make ' /^vS^%w,
j irAr ! M th ' S . unusual offer in Porcelain Lamps during the life of this r^*-^j^:^l*i?PS^^^^-^^
J I &Jli f I B Porcelain table lamps, W,' ■&&-&^~ : &^ : s'<'^'&^£'Q
: / , j j&fiihl'B wlth P |k detachable
«^t^*^-^« I ff I XZiiLnlUti JF\* bowl— globe and bowl in
PkC IS B<AUil H '* Man f^'Y "\" \ *\\ retail's at less than $5.00. / rW \ Elegant claw-foot couch. 8 rows of tuft-
\k\ 'mlf ff i ' nLm t*'*^x *\ \ bm which wo have re- / / V((CY \ Ing. high-grade coverings, ele- <i AA
t 4* fI I M Mil ¥*& fifty f!: cc ! a !.."" ■"•• 3.50 / V^'.fl-/ % gantly made 14 •UD
CfigSLl^gjj^VjjljJp . \"" "Decorated "porcelain \U W Cl<* 1, 4 AND UPHOLSTERING-
Jl ■ "' J#W™ If ' \^\'*. with detachable X\ J '^/^di /$ , Two ent Jf e floO1 w S ° f th ", bulldln e adjoin-
a i >4rii YX A ***sz2ss gilt or bronze bowl \&&zf-~?"&LJr ing our Sixteenth street front are devoted
m^pSS^^r=*/Lr t II fl -♦*$«*[ central draft burner. In v -^!^^ exclusively to ...^ the manufacture of
ai'isrTig^Bßat| f --(-M li n variety of ehades *JS?»» couches, parlor furniture and mattresses
{7 Ijr^MPlll . both bowl and globe S^t and re i' alrln « ni 'd upholstering work-
W JEk^sll ir'Sf h Ft *"T^ richly decorated; a -A^ir-I rooms. Our wagons call for and deliver
13 -1..H &9 Jr/ if* ,x <- 1 --^ lamp that alwavi / £?i"\i-3wkl ' all repair work. Also hair mattresses re-
igggi^r IM£ V^- 5 brtnp. S7.M. but wVch /^^SfSfev made. Estimates furnished.
tSi^^^S^J^lri-— Jn s&f<&> V TVW° 7 7 has been r— mr <-n A f >.-X2!^sT^^V
'■ *~~" r a^^ \ vV^XJr'-'O 11 -^ duced for this 5*50 x^^^^b-^ Bedroom Suites.
"'" '' Cu*&r \^:'J^^y^y sale to tJ'tw Js^^.iw^^t^/i_. ijcQiuOni oIIILGS.
Ci /»- fancy arm rocker, made of qaar- -J>^—^^^7!^jij«S|ii Decorated p ° reduced ' if'te* 1" ~ i~sa.rf>fr^p— "»rT'i ** 3-plece oak suite $«.00 $38.00
fri «- ?a • frf ri»r- ~ ' ** ?lhffl fcig 7 • • - reduced t-^^SSU^-^2?^^-^ o-plcce oak suite $45.00 $.^5.00
\1 /■» t<»r rawed oak. piano poll«hed. from No for /a -—««'v»,n s^ 1 7-plece mahogany suite..... 150.00 $38.50
V* "' The heavy, high back Is hand this sale to flllC ' 3 ! '* c * maple suite $48.00 $40 50
carved and has fancy turned spindles. uuv ,fIAA, flAA 7-piece mahogany suite $100.00 $82 65
The scat is embossed leather, cobbler or Hand-painted and decorated lamps-a wonderfully attractive a«- 711 (ill S-piece American Burl wal-
wood Padfile This is one of our best of- sortment from the viewpoint of an artist, and the prices range from W ' VW nut suite $S0 00 $68 00
icrlngs. ~5:.1% |u.tx | $I.W to each . 7-piece mahogany suite $120.00 $Ssioo
Rebuilding Sale Carpets, Rugs, Curtains, Bedding.
Prices that mean a saving of at least 15 per cent— in many instances much more. Every advantage is yours here— largest stocks— greatest varie-
ty—reliable goods— ABSOLUTELY THE LOWEST PRICES.
. SIXO 5-frame body Brussels, all b*-st ., Xottlneham ruPle.l flqh nef *nA mffl^ Cr.-(.. --* i
J»^».— » JuirM }/?■ Ai. il&^-bxfZKrl*^^ 1 - *fr
$I.M Royal Axminster. n« rJ«" ultra.
and b-st pade Wilton velvet- In \ and &^^^^f-^%^\^^ Ucb curtains, in boulevard. Belvldor-. ontlou* and Bnis^l effects- --
atSJr£ n r7eVff^*™.?. "^ 6> i^^^^^^^^^K c — »»»— ?. . ff. 0 ." 1 "f.^f:?.!: . .'Mi ■ l .^;. . r"!?^:?"??: 1 "™ rt °" I^^ 2.75
Heavy nil glaz* finish oilcloth, up to « I^T^y^BKSjfeMSfßMflS^'wßK?*
7 Or- p., curtains. In choice Nottingham. Irish point. Swiss tambour 1 « r
ZUC Bru»b.-is. uum^ and uia.^ut- »ur-ts. plain and figured center« a n A /»%
Scotch and domestic linoleum— l 2 feet """""^aßV^- 3^!^^ Immense assortment; regular price. $6 00; special price *•»•>
titr Boiiar* yard DDC COc Ingrain *i stair carpet per ACp
:ii • 90c > ard * 3UC
Kit: .n.. Mo,n«l. ru CT ; worn, 3qq '?W s .W'c.Tv^^t Bro m . lll "' > " ylel; reKular » rtc * "°' C " *"" " 2 -»«: "*«*> '" ">'• ",*T.."?.^. s'"5 '" 1 '
*■••••'•;—;; — ; "■• * _ >••- "ARras." best Quality wool carpets
!s&£" Axmln- rugs; worth -yj CA madP| 25, of the i atest patterns, per Q(\ n
J2T "° "• JV yard OUU -g-^ -g -gt "inv^
, wlIt .on rug»-F lnest assortment of large T - c tapestry Brussels, 25 new choice fall Lf /I /I 4#« /V HJ9 1^ A i.^
P!:r.s Wilton rugs in V.o city. : patterns; per yard -; 60c DCuulfl^ — IB Islfl M ATC
Cx 9 ft. Plre $IS.OO ! t)UC UCIBIJI BBP SilllllSlCi^
*.*x».€ ft ; size J2&.00 11.00 tapestry Brunei*, best quality. In- *^^^**»*"^ 1/IWUIIVIJI
sjxl2 ft. s.re Jio.W eluding Roxburys; with and with- bn n
Smyrna rugs— A very complete assort- out border OUO _. .(.. , ■
gp o« ,™ • arable stylet*, sea the «v- ,v, a *T^ M.Kiuettrs - now fleece flnHh"^ tnl^Sa^l^i "*" Btri^ d borders and soft heavy yj up-
grade Axmi' nnisn a «P eclal vaiu « at 4- /D
Size 3^x<W. worth $1.75 hall and ptoir patterns, with or without
■ . S^Sk'rf? .I::.'.'.."::":: 9oe \ w J e^ SS'SJSSyaiS'sa-J-ss c . o^ d:..".'«d :..".'«^ M :.^.«.'' h.2.50h .2.5O
ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTftQTFN'Q ' G ° r ' SiXtBe " th and MiSSiOn StS " S ' F "
AXL A X V/kJlUll kJ. Theater Building, San Jose.
BRITISH DISPLAY
OF PATRIOTISM
Demonstration in Honor
of the Queen.
■peclst nirpc'.rh to Th« dmXi.
BRISTOL.. Nov. 15.— The visit of Queen
Victoria here to-day to open the conva
hsr^nt home of Clifton was made the oc
casion of a great display of patriotism.
Tne town w*ls lavishly decorated and the
Queen passed through six miles of Vene
tian masts, imperial standards, heraldic
d'E'.gr.s ur.d garlands of flowers. Thirty
trrUns brought Immense crowds of visitors
Southern Pacific
OIL
wi ImprovementCo,
If you contemplate In-
vestment In oil It will
pay you well to first
call at our office and
Investigate for yourself
our advantages.
OPPICEI
132 MARKET ST.
reoo/vi is.
to Bristol. The Queen, who was accom
panied by Princess Christian of Bchles
wlg-Holsteln. Princess Henry of Batten
berg, and the Duchess of Oonnaught. was
received with a royal saline and escorted
by a detachment of the Household caval
ry*, the- procession starting for Clifton In
the midst of a tumultuous popular accla
mation.
Making a stop at the Council House, the
Queen knighted th« Mayor of Bristol. An
address by the Mayor and corporation
wan presented to her Majesty in a gold
casket. After expressing her gratification
at the city's growth since she had visited
It an a Princess, the Queen said:
"The cense of union and brotherhood
which tinder the divine blessing has weld
ed together my empire in time of peace
Is now proving Itself In the hour of our
trial also, and I share the pride you feel
that the men drawn from this district
have recently been conspicuous among
my gallant soldiers and sailors In South
Africa for their valor and devotion to
duty."
The road to Clifton was lined by a force
of 7if.<o volunteers and regulars. The
Fchool children gathered in the park and
sang the. national anthem.
During the ceremony of the Inaugura
tion of the home 27.000 children sang the
Jubilee hymn, and an address was pre
eented to the Queen, who expressed the
personal Interest she took in the charity,
and earnestly expressed the hope that the
home would contribute In no small degree
to the alleviation of human suffering. The
home is Intended as an adjunct to the
Bristol Royal Hospital, costing £100,000.
and was privately donated.
SAIXX>N FIGHT ETTLL ON.
Liquor-Dealers R«fuse to Obey the
Sanitary Board.
PARADES' A. Nov. IS.— The fight be
tween tho Kaloon-keepers and the sanl-
BUT board is still on. A week ago tho
board ordered the saloons to «-iose by the
14th. Instead of doing so they decided to
conduct wholesale family liquor bast-
I. nwiititalnliig that the sanltarx 1 •h.-'
tricts have no Jurisdiction over this' kind
r.f business. The sanitary people, how
malntaln, on the advice of their at
|s. that th» y . power to
Kraut all 1 i the county has no
right to grant licenses in th<- sanitary dis
trict limits, ar.d that a license is neoes
sary for wholesale as w.-l! as for retail
f selling. The county officers will
j pohaMy have to lie called upon to close
the saloons by force.
AUTOMATIC TELEGRAPHY.
Follak and Vierag to Make a Test of
Their New Invention.
CHICAGO. Nov. 15.— Anton Pollak and
Josef Vlera*. inventors of the rapid Bend-
Ing and receiving automatic devices,
which promise a revolution In telegraphy,
arriven In Chicago to-night from Buda
pest, Hungary, to make demonstrations
of their Invention. The first test will be
an attempt to send 600 words a minute
over a distance of some 600 miles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, UN O V 15MJ5JCII 16, 1899.
JAPAN'S COMPACT
WITH THE CZAR
Secret Agreement as to
Korea.
BpeeJal Dispatch to The C*ll.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.-In view of
the reported Imminence of war between
Russia and Japan concerning right* in
Korea, statements nude to-riay i.y Alex
Pavloff. the Russian Mlni.-ter to Korea
who happens to he In Washington as the
pii. -st of Count Casslnl, the Russian Em
tor here, are mure opportune and
important. Mr. Pavloff is an accom
plished diplomatist with extended . \
rtenoa in the Far East and was on the
staff <>f Count <'n<-sini at Peking when
Russia acquired Port Arthur and Tall.-n
War,. ai..l later was advanced to the poet
of Minister to Kor. a . Mr. Pavloff was
■eeq at thj.- Russian Embassy to-day and
spoke quite frankly of the recent war
rumors. He said:
"I left Korea only rour months ago.
coming to St. Petersburg, so my Informa
tion Is quit.' direct, and I assure you
I* n<> basis whatever for report! of
a conflict between Russia and Japan over
Korea. On the contrary, the two coun
triea have .nt. red Into two formal com
parts by which It is agreed that independ
ence in Kon a shall he maintained. These
compacts irere concluded at st Peters
burg and Toklo. and they are so explicit
that the reports of conflict as to suzer
ainty over Korean territory show an en
tire ignorance of the written agreement
Russia and Japan are maintaining toward
Kor'-n.
"The war rumors appear to be based
on an alleged conflict over the port of
Bfasanpo. it happen* that I am person
ally familiar with this affair, as It devel
oped i" fore I left Korea. Masanpo is one
Of I In- new treaty ports on the southern
coast of Korea. There has bean DO ques
tion as to the freedom of the port to «U
nations alike and no questions of fa\ r
or discrimination between Russia and Ju
pan h.tve occurred as to this port. But
a purely personal and private difference
arose some months ago as to the owner
ship of certain lots at Masanpo. Russian
residents had secured a ritfht to purchase
the lots and were waiting the assent of
tho Korean Government. Pending this
; Japanese citizens purchased the
same rights. This, however, was purely
a private difference. In which the Govern
ments of Russia and Japan had no part."
Thrown From His Wagon.
PETALUMA, Nov. 16.— Walter Church,
a well-known /« finer of this action
while driving a fractious horse this morn!
In*? ran Into a cow on the road. The h ™n
became frightened an.l threw Church but
of the wagon. His leg became omanXl
In the w> and he was dramed w
bad ? y B brl-isei aCe tOr and ® ■"*
WORK OF mCENTHARLES.
Attempt Made to Burn the Union
Hotel at Petaluma.
PETALUMA. Nov. 15.-At an early hour
this morning, while patrolling his l>eat
Night Watchman Husler smelled kerosena
burning, and upon making an lnvestjei
tion found a fire burning in the rear lSii
of the Union H tel. a soap box w™ fm. i
filled with paper and Pieces of cloth sat !
"rated with coal oil. A candle was fit"
ened In the center, which on imi-Vi
down, set fire to the' box and it" contend
POUO. are on a hunt for theTncendN
DR. BRAMAN KILLED.
Thrown From His Buggy at the
Healdsburg Depot
HEALDSBT'RO, Nov. 18 -Dr J j
Braman a pioneer of IKSO and a 'resident
of HealdsburK for the past thirteen years
was accidentally killed at the depot this
morning by betnp thrown from his hugßv
He was 83 years of a K e. a nntive of flaa-
MchaMtts and a member of th.- Fi^t
<..n»reg:ational Church of San Francisco
He leaves a widow and three daughter*
Electric Belts for 5 Cents.
v^*"""" "**% v We manufacture Electric Belts, and,
/i »a a matter of fact, could furnish them
hi A for B cents apiece. if we chose to do so
r,\ < ; {i and thus throw away money; but of
l % -"—^ aawSi course we don't do it. We DO, ho\V-
/'V £w$ l"*»r»» ever, sell electric bolts as low as $3.50
»ii "^^ V^^ each, and similar In quality to those
vs j' \ r\ sold by certain drureists and electric
n^ ,5/ m yjx%i\? * >c ' Quacks at much higher prices. We
\ >m^^^ • also make the BEST Electric Belt on
S,*ss /T^ '■ i>J"f/ vV earth, which we sell at REASONABLE
Zs&m^t\\'AvJ\ -^\\ PRICES, and if this is the kind of a
Frml^ \vl > t^'^ > *^^™^' belt you want please make a note of
iiw^s^^ isipi& buy xx ° c BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
'm^V^^fv^WHßlllif <~"all at th* office or send 2c In Btamtv,
V V.t x vWBWB 1 for "PAMPHLET NO. 2." Address "
"lIP PIERCE ELECTRIC CO..
DR. PIERCE, Inventor. 62 ° MarkCt 'Q^ISSS&K Pa '" Cc H ° tel) '
KILLED BY HIS
OWN DEATH-TRAP
Peculiar Ending- of Nel
sen Swansen's Life.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 15.— Family rows,
business troubles and a suspicious mind,
which framed the Idea for construction
of a death-trap, resulted this morning In
the sudden death of Nelsen Swansen. The
death-trap Is said to have been construct
ed for the express purpose of catching
William Petersen, known as "Dead
Horse" Pete. Swansen's brother-in-law,
but the trapper was trapped. After be
i Ing shut in the chest Bwansen was taken
! to the Good Samaritan Hospital. He died
' at 1:50 o'clock this afternoon.
Swansen came to America from Sweden
twenty years ago. For three years he
has lived in Los Angeles. His only rela
• ttves In this country are the wife of hli
partner and a brother, who lives in the
northern end of the State. His father
and mother still live In Sweden.
All disagreements originated over the
dead-horse and fertilizer bunlness which
was conducted by Swanscn and Petersen.
About two months ago the two men had
trouble over money matters. There were
debts and accusations on both sidw. The
case wus carried into the courts. There
were several plants owned by the two
men, Including tht» fertilizer works and
the fertilizer screening business.
An engine In the works was Swansen's
special pride. To keep Petersen from
tampering with it hfl erected a trap that
rt.ii a thirty-, lght caliber revolver.
From the trigger a string led to the oaken
door. A mark on the floor indicated how
far it could be opened. "When he this
morning attempted to enter the room the
mechanism rebelled. A sudden push
caused the door to swing too far. A shot
Btartk'd every one In the building. A bul
let hole, true to aim, above the heart
extinguished the life of the contractor.
ROBERTS' WIFE MAKES
SERIOUS CHARGES
Says That Her Recreant Husband
Took Money to Vote for Har
vey's Acquittal.
FAN RAFAEL, Nov. 15— The woea of
John P. Roberts, the plasterer, who ran
away from home in company with a Mrs.
Nelson a few months a«o and left a wife
ami several children penniless, have
reached a crucial point, and It Is probable
that for the first time the erring man
realises that the path of the wicked Is
thorny. Roberts was arrested In 3an
Frandaco to-day by ronstable Agnew on
a charge of "battery preferred by his wife,
and brought to this city. In order to ex
; ••■ matters Agm-w had one charge of
battery pending against Roberts In San
Francisco <li?mi> •
In addition to Urn charr* of battery pre
ferred against him. Mrs. Roberts will
pro— CUte her husband for failure to pro
vide. The defendant was talppn before
Judge Gardner, but failed to give hall and
was Incarcerated In the County Jail. He
waited all afternoon for the arrival of hla
attorney. Walter Gallagher, but the law
yer <liil not make his appearance.
Roberts is accused by his wife of recetv-
Intf money to vote for an acquittal in the
case of Jo- Harvey, the gambler, who
was prosecuted last June 'or conducting
a banking game in mnnci lion with his
poolrooms at Hiiu.iallto. The Jury failed
to agree on the first trial, and Harvey
was anjultted by a second Jury. Mr*.
Roberts says her husband told her Har
\ < v bad lent money to San Rafael to oe
divided amoiiK thr»-e Jurymen, and there
fa la been Mm<> talk of bringing the mat
t.r to the attention of the Grand Jury.
which will convene on the 20th lnst. This
Is ri"t likfly to be done, as Mrs. Roberts
Is the only witness and she could furnish
nothlnp but hearsay evidence. In addi
tion, her animus against her husband is
clear on account of his treatment in de
serting her and taking up with anotner
woman.
PREPARING FOR THE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Stirring Scenes of the Early Bays
to Be Reproduced at San
Jose.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 15— Arrangement* for
the golden Jubilee celebration to be held
here commencing December 20 In honor
of the <»eml-centennial of the establish
ment of rtatehood are rapidly taking
■nape, and the event promises to be ona
of great Interest. The advisory board
has received bids for erecting a fac-
Flmlle of the ltrst Btate Capitol building,
i»nd It Will be erected on the identi
cal site where the first <"apttoi stood, noar
th • Cltjf Hall, it will cost over $1000.
Th.- street! and electric tower will be a
magnificent electric dlsplajr, as will the
rl"Tne of the «it> Hall. Merchants have
also expressed their Intention to decorate
th'ir places of business gorgeously.
A jublleo badge, licirinc: the " photo
graphs of the tlrst Governor. Peter H
Burnett, ;he State Caplto!. Lick Observa
tory and the electric tower, haa been
ordered.
Pioneer* nnd '49ers from all over «h«
Slat.- are c mlng. and the meeting v-il! he
historical, as it will probably be the last
big gathering of these veteran citizens.
Th.- celebration will last nearly a week.
The flr^t ilay will be opened by a m
resentatlon of the first meet-rig: of
State Legislature in tho Capitol building.
All the early statesmen who are row
alive will be present, and the other places
wil! be tilled by prominent men. There
Will be all kinds of sports and enterra'r.
ments. In which ganef and 'lances of iho
early Callfornlans will be foremost.
ROBERTS SAYS HE
WILL NOT RESIGN
Mormon Church Has Absolutely
Nothing to Do With His
Political Life.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15 — Congressman
B. H. Roberts of Ttah. who Is at present
In this city, to-day denied the report that
he Intends to resign hla seat shortly after
Congress meets in pursuance of the
wtsh.-s of the elders of the Mormon
Church.
"1 have seen many such stories since I
came But." said Mr. Roberts, "but there
Is absolutely no truth In them and abso
lutely no basis for the statements. I will
say as emphatically as I can say It that
I don't Intend to resign and never had any
such Intention since my election. I was
fairly elected and propose to light It out
to the end with all the vigor at my com
mand. Those who know me are aware
of this Intention on my part and will not
credit these reports, no matter In what
form they may be couched.
"I have aluo heard it said and have
| seen It In print that the presence of many
Mormons of Influence in New York at the
I present time ts for the purpose of ln
duclns me to resign my seat and go back
to I'tah. Aa a matter of fact, there has
never been a suggestion made from any
Mormon elder or Mormon Influence- that I
should resign.
"The Mormon church haa no more to do
with politics than the Episcopal church
or the Roman Catholic church. It Is not
In politic*. I was elected on purely po
litical lines and will go to Congress abso
lutely free of this so-called church influ
ence over me."
SANTA FES GENERAL
MANAGER RESIGNS
J. Frey "Will Quit the Service of the
Road at the End of the
Year.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Nov. 15— J. Frey, gen
eral manager of the Atchlson. Topeka
and Santa Fe, to-day announced that he
had tendered his resignation of that posi
tion. It Is said that Vice President Rob
ert Barr will succeed Mr. Frey as general
manager, retaining, too, his present title.
"My resignation is in the bands of the
president, effective on January 1." said
Mr. Frey. I will say that I will continue
In railroad work, but will not at thla time
divulge the character of it. I have noth
ing to say as to the reasons for resign
ing and will pass the various rumors con
certed without notice."
This was all Mr. Krey could be induced
to say. Rumors of his resignation had
been afloat since July 1 last. The suppo
sition Is that he will go to some Western
road. Mr. Frey was made general man
ager of the Santa Fe system In 1393.
Danielson Spoken.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Nov. 15-
Captain Cousins of the steamship Uma-
tilla, arriving to-day, reports having
spoken the schooner S. Danlelson on No-
vember 14. latitude 46. 28 north, longitude
124.50 west. Th* T'matllla (cave the Dan
lelson twenty-five days' provisions and
water, as she was entirely out- The Dan
j telson nailed from Tlllajnoolc thirty days
i ngo for San Franclcro. When spoken she
I was sixty miles farther away from San
j Francisco than when she Btarted.
Orange Shipments.
VISAnA. Nov. 15 — Inrludlnjf to-flay*s
shipments, thirty oars of oranges hay«
b*e>n shlp«d out of here this season. It Is
estimated that Tulare County will ship
about 325 cars of oranges this year.
Tea Poisoning.
Victims of tea poisoning are becoming alarm-
ingly prevalent. Women demand the life and
variety of Health, ar.d lnntead of doing it
naturally by building up their systems they
resort to tea. Th>-y should take Hosteller's
Stomach Bitters Inrtead. By strengthening tha
digestive organs this brings h»auty and icnod
spirits. It tones up the nerves, drives away
the blues, rv-irulates the bowels and cores all
forma of dyspepsia. All druggists sell it.
*j&k_\ Garments.
xU^Ww TAILORING CO.,
4r ' W&k 1816 Market St
™l»l Open Evenings.
. AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
Of Francis Wilson's Greatest Comic Opera
Success.
THE MERRY MONARCH.
The Funniest Performance In the City.
Next Week — Colossal. Sumptuous. Elaborate
and Coctly Production of Rice's Beau-
tiful Extravaganza.
"EVANGELINE."
POPULAR PRICES, Me. tie. Me. 15c and 10c.
A good reserved seat at Saturday matinee,
IS cent*.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
THIRD ANNUAL
MODEL
DOLL
SHOW!
To be held In the
DOCTORS' DAUGHTERS,
To be held In the
MAPLE ROOM of the PALACE HOTEL
FRIDAY and SATURDAY,
Not. 17 and 18. 1899.
. Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. We. CHILDREN. 25c,
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.'
Main Office. Parlor A. Palace Hotel. S. F.
W. J. MARTIN. F. H. OREEN,
I'resldent. Sec. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. i to Nov. It. 1839,
Inclusive.' "
Six hlßh-class running races every weekday,
beginning at 1:30 p. m. Last race at 4 p. m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE. Southern Pacific Co.
• (Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at » :00, 10:40 and 11:10 a. m.
Special race trains at 12 4". 12:50 and 1:26 p. m..
returning Immediately after the last race and
at 4:46 p. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAT STATIONS— Arrive at
San Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at
4:00 and 4.46 p. m. Trains leave Valencia-street
ten minutes later than Third street. Race
trains atop directly at the entrance to the
grandstand.
Laat cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and retarn.
Including admission to grounds. $1 2S. Single
round-trip tickets, 40 cents. Holders of Associa-
tion Badges may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
pon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation of badges at Third or Valencia street
stations for S3 60.
-Register all complaints without delay with
the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
LAUGHTER IS KING
— at THE
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
CONEY ISLAND IS HERE AT LAST.
The great ROMAN CAROUSAL a comnlet.
novelty. JEFFRI ES-FITZSI MPM P t he
entl .™ii>. rmutOM. * The RAZZLE-DAZZLE
f£U%&T C %Zxi? 11 th « """SBTa
SATURDAY! SATURDAY! SATURDAY!
250-DOLLARS— 250
WUI Be Thrown From the High Wire by Pro-
fensor Hill to the Crowd Roinw
ADMISSION. 10c— Includes a ride on th«
horses. Presents to every winner
Open Every Afternoon and Evening.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Forty Years a leader
The good judcr- '.^»-^.
mentofa thinking J^^'p^^K
public accounts for g&jSm k^X
the popularity of /~^K/2^sfln9»m^V
Duffy's Pure j J^
which has steadily
increased for the X^^pr y^r
past forty years, ■""
until now "Duffy's Malt" is a household
word in the remote corners of the globe.
As a nerve tonic it has no equal. It cures
dyspepsia and biliousness, aids digestion,
stimulates the blood, invigorates the brain
and frees the entire system from the dread
germs of malaria, fevers, colds and pneu-
monia. Every household should have it.
Connimt if<fUln>»f»mp marks the •notn*. Diugglit*
■sully Mil It. If ymr* dart no». -• «i:i npna a Wtl».
prepaid, tot ft | (Is tat Jj. Writ* fee lacerating b*ok.
Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, 27. T.
~~ AMUSEMENTS. ~
THE FlOrU'l PLAYHOUSE.
Eddy and Jones St«. Phoae SOUTH 770.
Every evening, matinee Saturday.
EUGENIE BLAIR,
And excellent company, presenting- the WsJ-
lack Theater Success, from New York,
l{ of Qualify
9 1.00-BOX R HATS— SI.OO.
PRICES— He, :50. tie. Me and Tsoi
Matinee— 15c. 23c. JJc and Wo.
SUNDAY NIGHT— The Greatest
of Them All!
JACOB LITT»S BIG SUCCESS,
THE LOCAL FAVORITE.
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
HEATS NOW HEADY.
COLUMBIAN
Every •'""""•v.
Scat /WHY\
Again ( SMITH)
Occupied I LEFT /
Night. \HOWIE/
Seats Now Selllnr for Second and Last Week.
BROADHURSTB OREATE3T LAUGH
COMPELLER.
PRICES (EVENINGS) ....f 1. 7.1 c. r.Oc. 2R«
MATINEE T6«. 6Oc. 25«
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ANNUAL ENTERTAINMENT I
Of Golden Gate Lodge No. S.
B. R. OR ELKS,
SUNDAY. November 1». at I P. M.
A Proicramme of Rare Excellence by Profes-
sionals and oth-r*.
Admiatilon, Includtns; Reserved Beats, Me.
CALIFORNIA THEATER aJS"
AND RTILL THEY TOME.
A VERITABLE JAM AT THE DOORS.
SO GREAT WAS THE (TIOWD LAST NIGHT.
HARRY CORSON CLARKE
What Happened To Jones.
Remember the SPECIAL STTNDAT MATINEE.
Seats on sale to-day for Thall A Kennedy's
Great Swedish Dialect Comedy.
"YON YONSON."
Presented on a mafnlfWnt noal* and by a '
cast of su;h r<*coirniied excellence,
including
Arthnr Donaldson. Beatrice Norman. Ann*
Mcßerel!*n. Edith Hall, and the famous
Lumbermen's Quartet.
POPULAR— Evenln* ... 750, Me. %m
RICES. Matinee Mo. 230
ACKNOWLEDGED THE BEST
BILL OF THE SEASON.
RYAN AND RICHFIELD. In "A neadlets
Man": CHERIDAH SIMPSON. "The American
Beauty": BURTON'S ACROUATIC COMEDT
DOGS; VINIE DE WITT, cornet and vocal
soloist: JEROME AND ALEXIS. LEO CARLE.
GOOOIN AND DAVIS. AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH.
The famon* Parisian Beaaty. CORNILLE.
Reserved Seats. C.V: Balcony, 19c; Opera
Chair* and Box Seats, me.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday or.d Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT' TO-NIGH r» TO-NIGHTt
Saturday and Sunday Evenings.
The Greatest Triumph of AllJ
Verdi's Superb Grand Opera.
THE MASKED BALL
("UN BALLO IN MASCHERA.")
The Sale of Seats Is Simply Enormous?
Every One Talking- of the Great Success!
' Two Crowded Houses Have Listened te>
"PATIENCE."
• Gilbert aY Sullivan's Best Opera,
Which Will Be Repeated on Friday Night and
* ■> Saturday Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES— and »80l
■ 'Telephone for Seats— 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
THE FUNNIEST _ —^^^____
FARCE IN TOWN. '""I*
Never before at our price*.
My Friend 1
From India, x
Special inrM'mMi'. c '
MR. L. R. STOCKWELL.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
cm and ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENXNO.
FRANK MALL
Subduing "Wallace," the Monster Lion.
MAJOR MITE .....MAJOR MITE
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
Hlzh Diver and a Great Show.
Try to Die In the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
TO-NIGHT!
AMATEUR SPECIALTY
PERFORMANCE. Concluding With
MIKADO MINSTRELS!
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
MME. GENEVRA JOHNSTONE BISHOP
sln»« tornlfht the aria. "Pace, Pace. Mio Dlo"
of Verdi. ;Mme. Bishop sane; this with trut
success with th« Thomas Orcbti
I8
21/est
BOXER ROOT IS TOO
FAST FOR GREGGAINS
Maintains a Lead Over His Opponent Until
Ihe Sixth Round, When
He Wins.
fl ACK ROOT, the Chicaso boxer.
I livtMl up to the reputation which
ttj preceded !;!m from the last at
Woodward's rav'lion !aFt nlphi.
He brotig'.:t his bout with Alec
Greffffalns to v close early In the
sixth rouud. after showing marked nbhlty
throughout the bout. The b'.ow which
lircußht the prooedlnss to an a.brupt
*.::<! was * left swing «>n the Jaw wntch
knocked the Fan Kranclscan l!at on his
back. As the timekeepers called off the
seconds « r.o by one the disabled bexer
pfoped wbout for «ome supp<irt by which
Ye .ould <3rug himself to an upright
position.
N» flr.ally jrrasped the lower rope «n
clrclh:* the nr.K ai:d dratrsed hlm.'elf
r»al:.fully to 1:!b krres. He was nearly v.p.
rl»;S;i wl.-n the voice of the timekeeper
resounded through the hip building, siy.
Jvc: "You'ro cut!" By thi* time *Ire(;
g.i1r:s" seconds had pone to his assistance
Bn»! wt-re throwlnp c.^ld water on him to
reviv© htm and bring back (us
t-rattered srnses. P.oot wont to hi" ~or
»« r and .-huok him by the hand and then
Bade his way <--m i.f t!ir> r!n? thronc-h a
crowd horrcnen wha were eongratu
1-ti: bin on :.!» rietory. Grecvalns was
et!e to :oa\e »h«- rlt:« unassisted shortly
bfter. hatinc to force bis way through a
cr.iwd of hynipnthlztT*.
■
I
■
Hnot was nttende.l t>v Fr*«d Rreln«»r. his
trainer. Al Pmftli and Tom Trarey. O-eu
pains had Martin Murphy and l'r»^l Hms
t-r'A to attend to his wants. Wh'n The
mm tocethtr in the renter of the
lir.p there Ff^nH to l»e but little differ
ence between thrrn physically. When the
boll them together for the flrst round
Root at one«* ithowed to advantage. He
was on the a.c»r^es^ive. an«l tried two rlpht
rwlnc!« for the hrnd. mlsslnp both. He
wa^ alwavfs in action, trylnc with rich!
r.nd left for all the blows known to the
(killed bcxer. Greggalris was also busy
CALIFORNIA
DEFEATED
NEVADANS
Berkeley Boys . A dminist»:r a
Ccat o! Whitewash en
the Visi ors.
BBRKELET. Nov. 13.— University of
California 24, I'nlverslty of Nevada 0—
this wok the result of the panic between
the football trams of tho two State Uni
versities upon the Berkeley gridiron to
day.
A rourlnj: rain In the early part of the
afternoon did JnJced make :ho outlook
appear ominous. The downpour was fast
converting the field Into a sv:amp and the
bleachers were drenched. A few enthu
siasts, under the protection of umbrella^
stood around tli«- rates expecting to hear
tho match culled off. and scarcely one had
entered the big Inrlosure. About 3 o'clock,
however, the weather changed. Th«* rain
utojipcd falling and a goodly crowd
turned cut. fllllnu the l^ng llr.c of blearh
crs cotxutleteJy. It was not the largest
crowd which football has attracted to the
University cami>u.<, but considering the
weather It d.i ample Justice to the Im
portance of the game.
For tills was the lirst time that the
college nr-n of the Snc»bru*h State have
ever ventured acrwu the border to don
their fooNi&U suits for a line-up aguln.-t
the gridiron veterans of California. And
It is not likely tv t«5 the last; fur the Ne
vada men ari' lull of pluck and jrrlt and
they huvc l'.rst-elass material. To-day s
contest will «loubtl« ss be repealed
us each succeeding :•...;! ; ,;i s-ivtuun corner
around, ai.d before many years lterk«*ioy
xaay look for foemen wormy of her steel
in tlie football giants from Ker»o.
From the pood showing which the Ne
v.'iOa men had m<tcie against Stanford this
veck and Uun !h«-re n«j:no chance
f.f California being wored .ic.iin-t And ;
the plucky nay in which ii;e Nevadansl
held their own for a while after the bail
was kicked off made, the contest appear
more even at the Mart than the later
playlr.gr showed. But the better training'
u:i<l experience as well us the weight of
the Berkeley players Boon began to tell In
their favor. nn<l utter the iln>i touchdown
there was i!tl!e doubt as to the OUtCOOM
of the fnmi'. Throughout both halves
California had everything her own way.
Nevada's r»T»eate«l bucks against the
Berkeley line ooly showed iv t>p!endid
nr<-:. ( .i!.. Not once did it waver, Respite
the attempts of the hawebrush players to
break through. Th«; work <.f the Kevada
ends would have done credit to any team.
und only th" fact that They were playing
u;-:i'.:.' i isuch ktars aj» JJall. Kaiu-.xbcrj.
Smith and I'ilnj;le prevent i-d their show-
Ing from af»i»«'arl!m brilliant.
In the first half Berkeley had the kick
off. Nevada caught tl.e Mil und ran for
three yard*. Alter the lsne-up N'.'vada
made two attempts to pot through tlm
C»Ufpn»la line, but. faj'.liiK In thlf . rosurt
«d to kicking. Keddle punted w.ill back
Into Calilornia's territory, but UcrkHey
kept the ball. fly pending Hull around
tho end and Smith tbroußh the- lln-j the
jilay went ngnln into Nevada's aide of th>»
jl« Id. It wa«- then that :he yell came from
the bkachers; "Harder, California, hard
er I" and the IJ. C. men got down
to work In earnest. I>«?plte four al
most Inexcusable fumbles wlilch gave
the ball each time to Nevada, the
latter failed on every uranlon to
make Their five yards. California's
line stood like a wall each time the Ne
vada ir.en tr'.ed to hammer their way
throuch. The home team carried tho p«j;
r,Vln flown to the twenty-yurd line. m,l
the T.\ C. rooters Jtr.t Up the o!.| veil;
••Now* the time to score!" Hut Cali
fornia fumbled a*jnin. oi;d this pave Red
dle a chance to try another punt. Hull
caught the ball on the run and advanevd
for ten yards. Then Kills, the Berkeley
quart i-rbnck. Rave the clpnaJ for "Iyoc<."
motor" Smith to rmnsh the line. Two
brilliant plays broujrht the hall back to
within fifteen yards of Nevada's poal. and
l'ercy Hall like a fli»*h crosst-d the line,
ran to the Ror»l points and wcorol the first
touchdown. Knnrsberjr kicked the ML
Hxartly four minutes nft«r the ball had
been put into play a»r«in Hall ncored the
hpern<l tr»ucl«down. Trinple eaupht the
kicltoff frfim Nevada and ran clear to tho
renter of the field. Kaarsberß was elvcn
the ball, and h<» carried It for a full fifty
yards. r-'^r tackled by Jyeadbetter. Na
vada'B quarterback, at the fllteen-yard
line. Hflll covered the rest, and the score
etood 12 to 9.
Another four minute? and th« wore
Blood IS— O. Keddle of the Nevada kicked
■Ei and Kaorsbcn; returned the ball for
Sporting Slants from All Over the world.
and smothered most of. his opponent's
blows.
Greegaln* tried forcing tactics In the
second round and Jarred Root wit! a stiff
ujuiercut Hoot tri.d a ripht swinj.
■nl.ieh whizzed through the air. but the
glove micMil its mark. Before Hoot could
fret his balance Gresgains scored twice,
getting a pttfT one In return. It was a
•tand-np, Rivp..ind-take tight for the rest
<>f the round. When the gong sounded
sending tin* men to their corners Greg
pains" v1 1 eye wax eeen to be. badly dam
aged.
When they came together in the third
round Knot played for tl;*» damaged eye,
li- was Jabbing with his left and sending
Jus right across Mnuallv. He did not
ItMMc his distance accurately, as hi- glovo
landed repeatedly on Greggalns* back
with a loud whack. Greggains was not
Idle him;o!f. scorlrg a stiff richt on the
MW. which shook Ho«>t up. Near the eivd
of the round Orecicnlha landed repeatedly,
but could nnt dace Rnnt.
Kent opened procpoillnps quickly in the.
fourth round, a* though intent to brln^
tli.» bout to a close. H.» landed repeatedly
but not eflrectlvrly, and received one stiff
punch in Hi.- stomach which the admirers
<>f the San Franciscan applauded. Huh
men discarded their defense near the end
of the round, standing up and exchanging
blow for blow.
Xiregcalns' defense was getting weak in
the tlfth nund and be sh.>\v.-«T a disin
clination to get to close quarters He
kept away from Hoot for a time, but in
a hot oxihnnge caught the latter on body
nnd Jaw. Root tried hi* deadly right
twin* again but missed. The end came
early in the sixth. GreJOralns seemed
week in the !oks and finally caught th
left swinrr on the Jaw which ended his part
in the bout. He was not knocked com
pletely out, but he was in such a condition
tlidt .ie co\:ld not d«-frnd himself.
The nrst b^-tit of the •venlnc was be
twe<-n E.I Myers and Toby Krwin. the
former bring substituted for Jack Tennis.
Erwir proved n polished boxer, but Mvcrs
wan n Sjrhter. He knork.-d Erwln down In
the nr*t round and knocked him out early
in ihc second round. I "ruin never Ftirreil
after I einp hit. and when his seconds car
ried him 10 his corner he was slow in re
vivinjr. The police seerne.2 to fear a pos
sible fatal er.dlnc. and held all th- men
who were in the rlnc until Erwin finally
revived. The knockout blow wan a
Ftr.ilpht left on the Jaw.
The bout between A»t and Weedy went
the limit ard was awarded to Ast on
points. Hoth men were irrnL'K\ several
times, nnd the bout seemed likely to end
at any moment. Weedy took a lot of pun
ishmem. Ast Jabbing him at will He
wns knocked down several times. and a'--o
went down to avoid punishment. In th«
*ixth round both men were knocked down
■nd the house was In an uproar The
mm f.ircot their science and shipped one
another until it seemed they must fall
■ niiFtlon.
about forty yards. Nevada fumhled and I
Hill caught the pigskin for California. Th. !
fum^'i l^ to Womble. who suceeVs? i
BaKfSTSollL^^ lhe l ! ne - Kaa " l >"s !
Had the rain not obliterated the outside
lint- £ k ", OI ?- c V T V ... m . Playing on
»,«./£?« ° f 5S"«b«« and Hart might
' a^« m »''' ..f, r . time
"• r iV lAI - X*''''"© of Nevada ['led a
punt from th^ wtff of tho fleid on a
third r. lown t K.in n=!)»»rff eatight the ball
and r«n a cloar forty yar.ls before NY
i" ada « I<lft ''n'l tnrklort him. Quick a^ a
flash he passed tho ball to ; ■ rev Half '
,° n JP^ !t thr> lon K TI) of the floid for '
a totichduwn. But the referee rave iii
iro . 1 J Canrs ''^ fell outVde "he i
line, po thnt the touchdown was lost
In the Becond half Hall. Smith and Ella
w" 62? » to Ipprnan, Moore and Ker
*'ot - J*° fhnnc' 1 ifave an opportunity for !
Nevada., ends to show their prlt Chleflv
throHsTh their work Berkeley craned' (Ha !
lino but "nc» before time was calleVl !
Some double rnfslnp between Kerfoot and
Knarshori: made a fifth tourhdowii tm !
Scm^atnU * refert>c ' s whl "tl" left the
Before the farao be^-an the football fl>M
was strewn all •v.. r with a cover np of
' l^OZi T, ! i loh , h . elped vcr >' m ' lrf i in doing
away with the mud and slush Th^ ki
... proved Itself a decided success
flT™!?* 111 * ls the 1In P-"P of the two
I ru 1133 •
&** Potion California
. .vnter Cornlxh
K^'lle Hlpht jruarJ Ath^arn
ti]™ 1 j£« K««rt .Grei,ber^
JZ hl ' :on nicht tnokle Prlncle
' Punderlan.l - c'"™e '"™
, "»>" » I^ft half •
E:vans - n - Fullbark Ka^rrter,
LADIES ENTERTAINED
BY OLYMPIC ATHLETES
John A. Hammersmith, leader of the
Olympic Athletic Club, deserved r,, mm n .
datlon for the manner in which ho con
ducted "ladlrs* nipht" at the club ln*t
evenlr.R. The entertainment, which was
carried out without an Interruption to
mar its enjoyment, "fM one of the beat
ever produced by the popular Institution
The spacious gymnasium was crowded
with fair ones and their escorts and the
efforts of tho participants were well re
pn'.d with appiausn
I robably ono of the most Intere<uln~
turns on the programme was the duellnz
with piers brtween Professor I ouis
Tronchet. Broil Ortion and Emlllo Si*
treto. The fencing master wa.i pitted
against two clover hword^men. and ho
T\*' n £ W lils own - but made thin**
decidedly lnter.s|ln X f; , r his opponej.ts
The flash of the slender pieces of stcei
and the wonderful rapid with whtrh
they were uped kept the "audit or i In i
keen Mate of excitement. The wre«iHn*
hours between W. McLaren i?,§ 811^
Kenge; Master Fr.uik Hoaslon and l A i\<
ter Edwin Murphy were decld.-dlv ,nlr"
I ffi w.Sd^'cr^t' 1 !;] Ln^f ™"™" ™
ihe prorramnio was as follows:
Meteor act, A. M. Ktcn^; eske wnlk VAAt.
Doouh tad Cuirt pmtsb: .'rone ?£ rZ'riV,
c.r «;t"-ri* S. Milling- 1 r !!lir »-t. Dewra
-
«'h»rle« mm k >.
■' X-< W
• »»•; w ;
end C. ii. outer. (Juvenllta) MastVr"»S?S
rlrt» A<J,.;,)h lianlon and Char In!^Sinr-r S"
Dr. J.'acl^rl ana Prof^i-or D- WtTvaß aE&
•■^l^r. of ,v
Relinr.re Boxing Tournament.
for decisions, between the following V^« .
Ed Emlth. the pride of The Reliance Sub'
BRSRBg al^P^utes^h^S
!>?its rhene rr.on nrf \ ,-rv ».ronlv
Great Interest is b^njc tak?n In , thew
• • • • ■ k-:: In thSSe
poes. and a Inrffe audience is assured
Members will be "admit ted free* and non.
members will be charged |L
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1899.
AT THE RINGSIDE WHEN ROOT SHOWED HIS CLEVERNESS.
"Jack" Root did not require much time last night to demonstrate that he was Aleck Greggains* master at boxing. He
had a lead over the San Franciscan from the start and ended the bout In the sixth round. Greggains was not able to con
tinue, although not knocked completely out.
UPSETS IN
RACES AT
BENNINGS
Hundred-to-One Shor Wins
and Qnc Horse Captures
Two Purses.
Special I lapal h i The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Tre result In tht»
hurdle race wit the surprise of the day at
B«-nnlnr- MeFonso, a rank outsider, at odds
of 100 to 1. landed first money by a length In
front of Julius Caesar) the favorite, who de
feated The Lost Chord for the plain by r\x
length*. The favorite and The liO*t Chord
were raced to pieces and McFoutO, making hl»
run Jn the stretch, outstayed them. Sidney
Lucas was the winner In bc-th the first and
second races, very much la the- surprise of
many. Results:
Six and a half furious LrtJt-a* won.
First Whip second. All *lo]A third. Tim-. MX
Fl\« furlongs, two-year-olds— Sidney l.v»»
woo. lUcadon iiecond. Golden Haiti- third.
Time. 1:02.
Sflllnc hurdle, for three-y*ar-nlds and up
wnrd. one and three-quarter mil's, over seven
hurdles— M'-r.->nso won. Julius Caesar second.
The 1., ft Chord third. Time. 3:11 M.
Selllns three-year-olds and upward which
have not yon niore than one rare In 1M one
mile and a hundred yards- ■ Alvarado II won.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK. Wtxlnesday. November 13. 1399. — Tenth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather rainy.
Trrck sloppy. ___ .
J. J. mi<Kr. -rre.tdmg Judge. J F- CALDWEUr^tlrtW,
• — —
nip g; two-year-olds ; purse, *400.
i OlO. FIRST RACE— Five fuiiont*: eellln '
— j ; * I Betting.
brim. Horse. Weight. 'St. -jm. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. C\.
2?8 The Buffoon 107 4 ... 4 4 8 4 \\ JH g *'Jon«»_£~. < 3
•80 Choteau 108! 8 ... ' 2 «H 6 2 2 ns \\. Narvaei... S 12
( .W) Giro Ill I ... II il I 1 * 8l Thorp* I M
! no K™kumhob Ml ... «4 J2 7 4 4 1 T Burn. 4 5
SO* Ttaona 100 l ... « h 8 3 6 15 Hi Mounce.. 15 23
; 2T* Champion 107 7 ... 6 2 5 2 II 6 2 Roll IS 30
' 2SS RAoetto 1«| 6 ... >H 4 8 3 14 7 6 Henry 15 20
.. Alary" Carter 109! 3 ..I lh 2 2 4 I 8 25 Spencer 2 5^
1 ies ComfngJEv^nt.^^Wl^ ...» 0 » 9 Ranch 30 SO
I Time 4, :l2Vi: ?». :3G\; H« l:0JH Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, H. J.
JomV b g.. by Fordhain-Oeonrla Klnney.
Winner 1* a shirty mudlark. Alary 1 ? Gnrter killed off Giro. Choteau ran a game race.
Scratched— Silver Tall 309, March Seven lot -. ■
|
r» I "T MCOND RAiT-:-On« mil*; thr**-yp&r-old«; pu!f>*. $4 r >0.
oIT. ■
" T I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. 1st. Urn.. >4m. %m. Ptr. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Obsidian 117' 2 21 12 3~0~ FT In Thorpe 4-& 9-10
»0« Caudal.- ....... ......IOC * 3 4 82 2" It 28 Bullman i . 2
5?S El Fstro.. •'••'•1W I 11 lh in IS 3 12 J. Martin 4 7
■^jj!^ ______:•■" 97 ' 3 4 4 ♦_ 4 4 Henry 10 80
Time— 'i. ■"■»: U. :f ' : ; H. 1:19 - mile, 1:47. Fair start. Won first three driving. Win-
ner Bums & WnterhouFe'ii br. c. by Imp. Stromlioll-Clura I.
Casd'aJe fhoul.l !^»vt won. Ho wr\s away poorly. Obsidian displayed Rreat pameness.
He strurk hlmsiclf. cuttlnc a small artery in )■.!« leg Ketro seems more of a sprinter. "
i
■ — ■ i . -. .■ : ..*■■.-
O |Q THIRD RACE- Six furlongs; Belling;; three-year-oldii and up: purse. $400...'- ': '."•..
olOi ./■.■• ■ ■ ■ .■ • ■ •- '_ ■ ■•
— ; r~" [~ Betting.
Index: Horse. Age. Wright- St. H"i. Mm. %m. Btr.: Fin. Jockej-a. Dp. Cl.
307 Mike Rice, ft... 110) 1 ... 12 12 11 1 1 '4 Thorpe .4 7-1
(Kl> Wyoming. 6 ...lWl 4 ... In 2 1 22 2 3 (Spencer 7-5 13-10
I "83 Alirla. 8-... 1 f ''. 8 ••• 8J »8 3 8 310 T. Burns...... 1 8-5
SOS Wllmeter. 4 ....107 5 ... 6 4 4H 4 1 4 2 Henry 80.; 75
2S3 Glen Anne, 4 1"2 ... 4 2 5 4 C8 6 10 Ruiz 10 15
CM Croker. 8 108 *, ■•■ 6 6 C 6 Morgan 11 SO
Time— K :2tVi: H. :MH; *;, 1:16%. Good tar «C«pt Croker. Won first three. driving.
Winner T. E. Lung lilln's b. g. by J. H. Fraton-Mra. McAllister.
Mike wa» best. Wyoming has lost his old form. Dry«T >, Ing 1* more suitable for
Atarla. •• . . „ ■":'' * "■:.'?'
Scratch— Jingle Jingle 99. . ' ■•
<» I Q FOURTH RACE- -S^ven furlongs; two-ye*ir-oH B ; Stanford stake*; value. 11200.
" " i 1 Bettlnr.
Index. Bora*. Weight, |St. %m. 'jm. %m. Str. Fin.. Jockeys. op. • ci.
(24»> Bathos *. 113' 6 8 6 lh 11 11 12 Ruts 4 5
212 Bit of Fashion 1U 4 8h 82 13 »H 23 Thorpe 2 9-5
Wl Dlome*! 110' 6 42 41 4J 4« 32 H. Shields.... 10 15
CJS) St C'uf'.mlr li" 3 14 26 JV4 32 4M Sp»nrer 2 2
104 Burdock 100 1 68 66 66 (3 62 l.\lor an 15 25
... Advance Guard ...^.113| 1 _« « 6_ C 6_ | Pullman 6 7
Time— '•>''■ H. :M4: H. l:04U; %_ i : 33u. '' no< j , t Art. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner. J. J. M"r*n'i ch. 0.. by Imp. Bathampton-Crlsis.
Bathos Is a bulldog and — ns probably best. Bit of Fashion broke down hopelessly.
Dlomed away none too well. He will do. Too far for St. Ca«lmlr. Guard no speed.
itched Kitty Kelly US. Mldlty lift. Flamora 110.
O()A FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse
& JL\J» $100.
Index. Home. Age. Weight. 'st. Km. %m. %m. Sir. Fin. Jockeys. Op. ■ Cl.
<Ilf) Judge Wofford. 3... 58 » « 11 8 4 14 12 Johnson 8 «
301 Chlmura. 8 101 i 5 3 34 45 3 2 2hT. Burns 2 «-5
::.7 l, ► Medanos. 3. ...in; $ 1111 11 2 4 35J. Martin 6-5 6-2
300 tapldo, a lf'7 2 8h 2h 84 4 1' 4 12 IT. Walsh I 12 20
307 Don lull. 4 107 8 3 Vi 6 C ". 6 11 & 20 jRuis I 4 5
307 Sorrow. I 107 4 414 1 6 C 6 M Bergen.... 10 10
Tlnie-1-16. 01; 8-16. :S3; »-18, :534; 13-16. 1:2CU: mile. 1:47«4: 1 1-lCm. 1:53%. Good Mart
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. C. K. I«irn*ll'« 1,. g, by Rlley-Jennle
Treacey. • " - '.' '
Wofford ran a nice race. Chlmura Interfered with a couple of times. Medanos not
partial to mud. >. .. :
==
OO| SIXTH KA.'E--Flve furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
H4HM A«a. Weight. ;Pt. Hm. Hm. \m. Ptr. Fin. Jookeya. |Op. "1;
•>p. il.
(TO7) Af.in:B.la, 4 110 f. ... 3 1 In 11 1 1 J. Walsh <UI «.«
3U U.thlan. 8 *>! 6 ... 6 8 (4 2 2 't. Walsh jS ]i
224 Ply. S 1M 3 ... 2 2 2 1 11 3 h T. nu-n* 3 j
S07 Montallade. « «! 4 ... I It II < 4 ', Jotaaaon 10 1*
... King i-amlval. I...105 5 ... (4 4S tH 62 J Msriln.... 4 »
114 Aluminum. 4 M, 1 ... lh I 1 4 2 « IDevIn 10 15
nmt %. 1»; V W*: H. 1°!. Fair start. Won all out. 8econd~and7ThIrd"urlviri«"
Winner. P Ryan's b. f.. by Huke of Montrose-I^aura W. "*
Afamada won cleverly at the finish. Sly huhtled too much first part. Carnival needed
keying up.
• <
Strangest second, Matar.ra third. Time. I:SL
Handicap, one and a sixteenth miles—War
renton won, K'.nntkinntc second. Charentus
third. Time. 1:61.
CHICAGO. Nov. 15 —The Lakeside meeting
closed to-day, and there will be no more racing
In Chicago thin year. It ha« been a year of
mediocre racing on the local tracks. Few
hordes of first clays have cumpeted and the
management of the tracks has not appealed
to the confidence of the race-going people. "*
sults:
Five and a half furlongs-Hermoso won.
Uttle Reggie second. Andes third. Time. 1:12.
One and a sixteenth miles— Walkenshaw won.
Uarda second. Double Dummy third. Time.
1:54. ■■*■
Six furlongs— Maud Wallace won. O Connell
second. Hush Penny third. Time. 1:11%.
One mile— Ban won. Drownle Ander»on
second. Peering third. Time. 1 «-"V
One and a quarter mlle«-Red Cross II won.
Flnrlnel II second. Okama third. Time .:U\.
One and a quarter mlIe«-.Tlmp won. George
Le« second. Owyhee third. Time. 2:15'-i.
:
CINCINNATI, Nov. IS— The first race at
Newport to-dny brought out a ' I" 1 "" finish be
tween Russell R. Necklace and Incidental, a
ICO to 1 ihot The •vigtm pave the decision to
Rursell II with Necklace second and Incidental
thirl Necklace was a hot favorite at Bto 5.
Weather cloudy. Track fast. R»-Fult»:
Seven furlongs, selllnK Russell R won. Neck
lace second. Incidental third. Tim*. l:2S*i.
Five furlongs, selling— Mlm Shanley won.
Tr'.-.iballne second. Isablnda third. Time.
1 -Ol H
One and a half miles, selling— Albert Vale
won Vlrcle O second. Fresco third. Time. 7:35.
On'» mile, hand! Molo wen. Bouchon sec
ond Sklllman third. Time. l:40H.
Six furlongs. selling— Kerry Day won, Uto
pia second. Ferrull third Time. 1:134.
"Ten Years In a Kennel" Is the title of
a new book. Can it be the author Is a
man who went to the dogs?
-- ■ ■
BATHOS WON
STAKE AT
TANFORAN
Bit of Fashion Ran Second,
Hopelessly Broken Down.
Favorites Beaten.
Oame as a fighting cock, small of con
formation but all horse. Bathos, the Mon
tana-bred youngster, captured the Stan
ford .stakes at Tanforan Park yesterday
In Impressive fashion. With plenty of 6
to 1 about him In the betting, he made
Corrlgan's St. Caslmlr quit like a "yaller
dog," and then led Bit of Fashion out
two lengths, splashing the seven furlongs
off In 1:33^. An unfortunate incident In
the race was the hopeless "breakdown"
of the latter filly, favorite In the betting,
which ruptured the suspending ligament
of her front legs and will probably have
to be retired. It was no doubt due to
stepping In a hole; pitfalls to be found
In abundance at the new track. Plomed
ran a good third. The winner was fault
lessly ridden by Ruiz.
It was again a tempestuous day for
form players, but two choices. Obsidian
and Afumada, taking purses. The "old
man." as Charley Thorpe is affectionately
termed by his friends, put up two grand
rides, and all Jockeys looked alike to him.
In the second event, with the leg up on
Obsidian, lit' downed Bullman on Casdale
a head In the prettiest finish of the meet
ing, nd In the sprint following he piloted
Mike Rice in ahead of the favorite, Wyo
ming, carrying Kingpin Spencer.
By very careful nursing and a well
timed drive Eddie Jones landed The Buf
foon, a 4 to l chance, first for the opening
two-year-old dash. Giro was installed
favorite, and after leading into the stretch
fell back, finishing third. Buffoon at the
end was given a sharp argument by
Chateau, getting the decision by half, a
length. •
Obsidian, the entry of Burns & Water
house, carrying 117 pounds, had a strong
call In the betting on the mile run follow
ing. Thorpe gradually ran down El Estro.
but was In turn passed at the stretch
bend by Casdale. Opposite the paddock
it looked all off with the favorite, when
by an electrifying display of horseman
ship Thorpe fairly lifted Obsidian to the
front, winning by a head. El Estro was
third.
Stealing away from th« barrier first,
on Mike Rice. In the next event a six
furlong selling sprint, Thorpe kept the
third choice in the lead to the end At
the who he downed Wyoming, a 3 to 10
favorite, by more than a length. Show
honors went to Alaria.
Judge Wofford repeated his victory of
the day before In the mile and a sixteenth
run, only at shorter odds. Quoted at 8 to
5. with Johnson up. he assumed the lead
in the stretch, leading the favorite Chl
mura, over the line two lengths. Los
Mcdanos finished a close third, beaten but
a head. . • • ' .• •' •■••■. ■ -.■.. ■.
P. Ryan's sprinter Afamada took the
mile handicap. Leading into the stretch,
the brown mare downed Lothian a length'
The heavily backed Sly. with Burns up
was third. • . • , .
..; . Track Notes. .;•. \.--
Spencer had his first mount on Alary'a
Garter, finishing among the also rans.
Bullman celebrated his return from the
East by l --ing beaten a head-on Casdale.
The Raneho del Sierras yearlings, bred
by Theodore Winters, will be sold by
Chase & Mendenhail on November 2%.
The question being asked by many now
Is. "How long will Tanforan stand the
grind?" It is a well-known fact that the
new course Ims been playing to light
houses, with probably a dally loss of over
■$1000. As at InglcMde in the days gone
by, F. 11. Qreen acts as secretary. The
milk men of the State pay Mr. Green
makes ■ swell secretary, but the horse
men think the gentleman an Ideal mlik
man. Mr. 'Green Is so enlightened per
taining to matters of the turf that he
usually takes shelter behind his hirsute
appendage, when consulted on any knotty
problem by owners. The new track has
ptrlven hard to hide the Identity of Ed
Corrigan with its management, but ns he
ordained thing* nt Ingleslde, so he is the
tlllerman of Tnnforan.
'•'. To-Day Entries.
F!n«t rare Four furlong; maiden two-year
old*.
304 Abnrlirlne 11 fll M 4 Tanoka 110
251 MIH phle. ...110 2*4 St. Agnes Ho
304 March Seven ... 110
Second mcc— Five furlonir»: Belllnc; four
yenr-nlds nnd upward.
... Hay Heath 1091 22*» Rocalbra .... u«
213 Torlblo 109 313 Rlcardo . ..IC9
313 l'at Murphy 103!
Third race— and an eighth m!le»; s«lUnc
thre«»-year-oldii *nd upward. . .
30f.Jer.nle Held ?J| ffl Rapldo .... •,,
3U Ullly llrCicwk 2*o Chlmura ..""' ico
r9s)Rcolla .....\n (313) Cod- . ""103
(KS)Forte l<v.
•■.',:•: ■•■-.■•:.■-- ■:' •
Fourth rare— sit furlongs; thre«-year-olds
and upw.irV.: KMUnir. . *
314 P. A. Flnneran.lOS Hi Magnus . l(v>
HI Mnndft ..in (3.'S)Tui;n- .".'" 10?
107 Campus ■'•*• 313 Flamaway ...'.'.'.lK
Fifth rac^— Seven furlongs; handicap: three
year-olds and upward. v ' lnrre
315 Ontler .1 ■ 1101 KM Motin«-I ... im
(JOC)RUver Tone M 3:i King Carnlvai'ioi
111 Mocorlto •>.. 314 Pot«nu .. 2;
S0« Lavator ......... 50 »7 I^orno '.':'.'.'.'.'. go
Blxth race-One mile: nelllnsr: throe-year^jj,
and upward. Will appear on programme.
Selections for To-Day.
rin«t race— St. Aicnoi. Miss .phi..-. Tanoka.
Second race— Torlblo. nicardo. Pat Murphy.
Third race— Forte. Jennie Reid, Chlmurm. "
Fourth race— Campus. Tullamore. Flamaway.
Fifth race— Potente. Larator, Silver Tone.
Sixth race— Eatrlc* not at band.
HARES PROVE SCARCE
BUT SPORT IS FINE
Interstate Coursing Club Members Trav
erse Much Ground in Pursuit
of Game.
MBRCBD, Nov. 15.— Harea are to Mer
ced County very much like snak* s
to Ireland; that Is the •>;
of many of the coursing men who
are at present gathered In Merced
for the annual open meeting of the Inter
state Coursing Club. Merced was sup
posed to he the very browsing ground of
rabbits, and that til why the Interstate
Coursing Club selected it for the scene of
Its annual meetings. All of to-day was
consumed in scaring up nineteen hares,
and the first round of the programme was
not completed. Hut rabbits alone were
lacking. In the aft- moon a rainstorm
soaked the country and Incidentally every
| follower of the hound.-. It was none of
the "gentle rain that falls from heaven."
but the pelting kind that soaks through
any Imagined protection. To make things
altogether pleasant, a thunder storm was
worked in as a musical accompaniment.
At a very early hour of the morning the
coursing men— or the "dog men," as the
Merced people call them— left town In
every description of vehicle, led by a cor
don of mounted patrolmen, whose especial
duty It was to keep the crowd from en
croaching upon th« slipper. About twelve
miles to the northwest of the town the
procession halted and the coursing began.
Judge John Grace was In the saddle and
James Grace In charge of the slips.
T. J. Mclnernejr, who runs Father M^-
Namara's 1 wnrn»-d the coursing
men that hares w.-re rare la Merced
this time. He certainly knew whereof he
■poke, for !t was some ten minute* after
:tns had started before a rabbit was
sighted.
\\ luri tl:ls course, which was b- •
Moore, w-;ui fin
ished, the search for th<- second har*- be
< »n and on the crowd movt-d. but no
lure would show Itself. Tlu-n a consulta
tlon wan held and It wan decided to hay»- a
port of rabbit drive. The people In bug
gies and on hors*ba< k w.-r«- to dlrve
through the stubble and force th*» hares
to the hound*. This brought partial nuc
: r ,iit<r two and a half nours eight
races bad been run. This was p;:
lunch hour, so the crowd returned to the
Hallerrr.an & Bell fanr.h'jus* and lunched.
Although the search and disc....
hares proved tedious, the sport was of
GOOD GAME
IS PROMISED
FOR SUNDAY
San Francisco and Sacramento
to Meet for the Last Time.
Gossip of the Players.
The games this week excite a great deal
of Interest. Santa Cruz and Oakland
play Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the
Oakland grounds. The winner of this
series will be safely anchored In third
place. San Francisco and Sacramento
play three games here this week on
Saturday and a game In the forenoon
and one In the afternoon- at Recreation
Park on Sunday. These games are always
looked forward to with Intense Interest,
as the two teams always play Interesting
games. Both clubs are on their mettle
ns the result of the three games will
probably decide the championship. In
view of the sensational eleven-inning
game last Sunday In which neither team
scored a run, a genuine battle may be
expected.
Harper is the first man signed In the
California League for 1900, having been
signed to a Sacramento contract. He Is
billed to pitch one of the three games
this week.
Dreeman of the Santa Cruz and Shana
tian of Sacramento have been offered
Eastern engagements.
Harvey and the Chicago club are hav
ing some trouble In coming to terms.
The Chicago club offered him 1300 a
month, but he Is holding out for $;{,».
Strenuous efforts are being made to In
duce Kill Lange to continue his pro
fessional career, an Increase of $>«) hav
ing been offered him to continue with
Chicago for liM.
Hughes' aim Is troubling him sor.ie
what, and he has placed himself under
the Care of physicians to take the kinks
out of his arm.
The backers of the Kansas City club
are hard at work trying to gel possession
of Sullivan and Iberg of the Han Fran
cisco, club. Manager Harris la loth to
lose such good players, and win make .1
hard tight to retain them. He refuses to
soil cither man. and will not give then
up unless he Is compelled to do bo by the
draft system In vogue. Harris is actively
engaged In the perusal of the National
League agreement, and hopes to be abi«
to bold both players.
Umpire Graves la recommending too
many players in Eastern leagues to unit
the directors of the California League.
Some of the latter believe that Graves Is
getting l' 1 gether too officious and that he
is returning kindness In a very peculiar
way. For every man he recommends to
another league and who Is accepted
Graves drawn down a commission, and
this has led him to do too much of that
sort of thliiK. It has a tendency to make
a player think that h. in Indispensable,
and he play* ball in the belief that if his
captain does not like his work on the dia
mond sonic other league does.
It Is udmitt»-d that empire Graves r•■•»
■ease* good judgment, ns he has had a
good deal of experience and Is In a posi
tion to Judge a player's qualities. Wnen
In recommended l'lcnnan to a minor
league he was ;>-kiil why ! •• did not men
tion Moakltnon for the place, as the lat
ter I* considered to be a Rtai fielder.
Graves replied that Moaktmon shirked his
work; that he did nothing but stand In
the field and ratch fly : .ills, and when at
bat would try. to make n hit; that he
would not rci'imimcml a player who was
not In the game nil the time. He said he
liked tn *«•»• a man K*>t on the coaching
line and wham that he is In earnest and
wants his team to win out. McLaughlln
of Sacramento is another such a player
ns >klmon. Hrockhnff and Kellly are
the kind Graves admires, because they
are always In the game. Rellly has a
temper, but he tries to restrain It on the
diamond. Hellly went to Sacramento test
Sunday determined not to say a word
having In mind his fight with Dever*a>ut
at V.-illeJo the week before, but when in
the very last Inning O'Connell called him
out at third Relily could not restrain him
self, and he turned loose on the umpire
"Ham" Iburg has quite a few votes to
his credit In the contest of the most pop
ular player In the league. A number of
his friends have nearly 700 votes In readl
; Cast
the finest, for every hare was strong «rd
fast, giving the dogs more work thin
they were capable of standing. With but
few exceptions the hares were lost or
holed, a killing rarely being made. The
courses were long ones and would havo
been very trying on the dogs were It not
for the cool weather and the good going.
Winners were divided between favorites
and long shots. The very first rare, that
of Jesse Moore and Jenny Wilson, was
won by the former on the short end of a
1 to 2 chance. Honadca defeated Fireball
at 1 to 2. Depend On Me walked awny
from Rest Assured, though the latter was
favorite at 2 to 1. Ida. selling at 2 to 5,
won from Victor. Lady Davenport. 1 to 2.
won from Belle of Anderson by a score
of 11 to 5, and Sun" won from Firm
Foe. which was a 2 to 1 favorite. Rest
Assured and Depend On Me ran a no-go
the first time they started, but the second
race went to the latter. Sunolite and
Firm Foe a'so ran a no-go. Sunolite won
out the second slip in taay fashion.
The last race of the first round was pc
cullar In accidents. Thrice Dempsey Ln.«s
and Tic Tac were clipped, but there was
no race on account of a falling to sight
by the dogs. About fifteen miles of Mer
ced County were traversed by the crowd
which followed the dogs, and when the
sport ended for the day the spectator*
were eighteen miles from the town. The
second round, semi-finals and finals, will
be run to-morrow.
The results of the first round are:
II . pevlM'i Jersc Mx>re t»at Handy &
Emlthn Jenny Wilson: Hall A Newel r« Non-
JHfll beat l'oafc* Kennela' Itoyal Ann*: J.
JvrrlKan » Llchtfoot beat .1 (VDowd'a Clifton
!.*»•; R. K. Malcolm"! Donad'a l>#at Oeorco
Lahnsenn Flrel.all: P. J. Rrilly's lii.ielc (lawk
N-at I'a* ha Krnn*l»' May Hrmpitejul: T. J.
Cronln s Depend on Me beat IMsna Kennels*
Ke«-t Ap«tin-1: Handy A Hrnlth> I<ia I -eat C.
C. GrlnwrU-s Victor: Hall A tfewtlTi Clara
Hurt t l*-nt Harry Mlll-i-"* Hazel; J. Dran*
Cla<llatr. r beat R. E. Ac m I^p^z', Bara: J. 11.
Vtrtgo a Ui.ly l>nv»nr>nrt Nat J. r^an» !>'.:•
of Andr>r«on; Rterl & Kn.wi. - Rujty «;.>i.t boat
Hall * Newell* lU>u«hrl<ler: K. M. K-Horß'a
Lady Ollmore beat J. 11. I'erlro-. n*l!e Ho wart:
t, }}?1 1 P" 0 X - c »P' tol b '*« »"a»h» Kennel. 1
1 HoUlrklnc Alr»; Hall ,<: N>wHl\« SunoMt*
} beat A. I. Austin's Firm F ■■ . Krwin & t.vonV
May Queen beat R. K. ** M 1».,*. ■. Ore«n
an" T^^c I.a«t rare he(wr>n I L "*
an! Tie Tac \in.>c>.4*,\.
It was roughly estimated that *r.on hns
been wagered on the races up to dat*
Ida In the first eight and O. K. Car.ltai
, In the last eight seem to be the pick of
the wise ones. y '
nei»« to " prinS when the con^»t Is about
The game last 6und.iv between Sin
Franclßoo and Sacramento at the capita"
£*.•* remarkable one In many respect!
in the eleven Innings played Sacramento
put up errorless ball and neither team was
2v£ w s r orsr 5- l- Fef>ms od(J tha < wheS
nnnt the leaden in the mc ° for th * Pen
nant meet they have to pin extra In
nings to decide the gam Doth nines
hniVtJ"'' 1 twe , nt >' or thirty time*, and in
half that number extra innings have been
found necessary. There have been two
fourteen Inning two thirteen, one eleven
Inning and nearly a half dozen ten Innlnir
games, a thing unprecedented In the hn-
Tv of the game In this country.
"Fans" will have a last opportunltv of
seeing the two crack teams pi ay together
this season. Iburg and Harvey will be In
the points, and another fine game should
Rumor has It that Muller Is going to
take unto himself a wife. *««"* io
The managers of the New York Otants
win make a ropr< me effort to Kef jo*
• «nd "Big mge to {
the team next season. It is doubttu
"ft? th «r they will aucceed, a P rv.rbett :4
still held by the Baltimore t-nm in
luu*' VOWB he wlll n " v " «>faln d o ri
UNION PARK COURSING.
An Excellent Card Drawn for
Saturday and Sunday.
A seventy-eight dog stake will be run
off at Union Coursing Park on Saturday
and Sunday. The purse offered is m
divided as follows: Winner $110, runner
up $70. third $45. next two $26 each, next
five $20 oach. next ten $15 each, next
twenty $10 each. The first prize will In all
probability go to either Luxor. oral
Flush. W.-trdena. O. K. Capitol. Firm
Friend or Lowlander. All the latter dotra
are champions and will surely rni>.ko
things lively. Following Is the result of
last night's drawing:
Or*n Hake-Lynch A Fr>u!k'» ".ir..i«'»r M
G«orr« Sharman laamts) Walt a Little: E. ii
Sett • Lonl Hymn v- Mayer A Head's Uncle
Fuller: R. L. Taylor (namci) Iteauty Spot n
A. Johnson* Tod Sloan: J. Murnane'a Wild
wood v». O. M. Abwromble» MUs H.ibbtt;
Continued on Tliirteenth Pa^e.
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
LASTING MANHOOD
And Cure the Following Ailments
Bltdttr Dii ixif i L.it Vitality
Ki<a«7 Dlittm W»,t eg Drtlai
LiT«rDif;M«t Frtxatari d.. %7
H»»r: Dlm»w» li.rr.ai Df.ility
. pin. Una— G«a>f>l Debility
st«n»oh DUium I—a! MtsMry
PriT»t« DtMM«s Bloai pii M 1
fAY WHEN CURED.
Patj»>nt» may d»potlt th« prlc« of a
cur* In any Ban Franclwo bSnk to bt
paid only aft#r they ar- wHI. or mar
' ,; m * n f e«r»d at hnm.
rraMtoeo writ for (rrt prlvato t.vfk
advice. f,n«.,iion lint. etr. All corr":
METK^ Mmtlal Addres.^mi.
[ ?2 »i* "• ni lUpk#( -*. »•"
«*tnts«. > to ii Kundaj-n Jailr ' 7 to i
rrralan May.
ELEVATOR ENTHAXCE.OUR SOLDIER IN CAMPS AND ON TRANSPORTS.
TRANSPORTS ARE
DELAYED BY THE
HEM WEATHER
Ben Mohr and Sena
tor Did Not Sail.
STRIKES ON THE WARREN
BOTH OV THFM AMICABLY
I.ED YESTERDAY.
■
■
■
T ■
■
■
'■'-- -^— T »t - la* (».- / ~/
An Extellcui Combination.
' The pleasant metluxl and boticficial
effects of me w<*ll known reinedv.
op I-^Ga, mnnnfactnred by the
CvuronMA P:3 Stbcf Co., illustrate
Ih^ value of obtaining the liquid lax:»-
tive principles of plants known to V?
medicinally lazatirc and pnsicntinp
them :n Use form most relrfshhiff to the
t:i-->t(» and acceptable to the f^st-cm. It
it the one pt'rtect r.trt'nfrthcninp laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectual]^
dispeil!o/r <"jUh. headache and fever?
gently yet promptly and t- nablin^ one
toorercotne habitnal constipation per-
manently, lv pvrfcvt frvedom fmni
every objectionable quality and sub-
t Tanco, aii<J it* artinp on the Iddneya,
livfr ami bowels, withont weakening
«jr irritating tbera, make it the ideal
2:i\;:tive.
In the process of mannfactnring figa
or«? u?cd, as they are pleasant to the
tast-.bnt theiiiouioinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna i-nd
9ther aromatic plants, by a method
known to the Caxifokma Flo Srntrr
Ca only. In order to prt its beneficial
«*iTocts and to nvoid imitations, please
r^ruemb-jr the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAJ! FBAirCIBCO. CAI*
UOCTB\*TI.I.}: KY. ITZVT TORX. ST. T.
hsX bale by all Druggists. — l'ricc • c. per bottle
Come Just to See.
Baodscmc Preminms Given Free.
Great American ImDoriing: Tea Go
Store* Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
if v
LI P \ (7)
FIT FOR A KING
when we have put the finishing touch
en your chirt, collar and cuff. Just
like nt-w. without any variation In
color or flniish. and no "saw edge" on
your co!!ars and ruffa. Our new "saw-
edffe machine was the one thins; we
needed to make our work perfect.:
United Statr»n Laundry* Off»O»
1004 Market Stroot.
Tele phono South 4-20.
Oakland OTflca. 514- .nth St.
Furniture Buyers
Call an 3 *x«ithsti* my prl'^a on furniture.
carprT*. rioven. ftc. bcfar*! turcha*ln« »l»e-
«hcr». Tou ran «aye T-iiiy CO ;^r c»nt by buy-
true hrr*. l.!t*ral cr<-€«:t *xfuQt-A to all; $J4
rth of furnltur* for J; v«r wp«k.
. ::n. «:••«. rlvrn on cotnr/.te bou»« rurnlih.
la» froa cellar to sarrrt.
T. BRILLIANT,
888-840 POST ST.,
Bet. Ftocltton ana I'owelJ.
Opp. I" '■■ si ieata>
Ft** tfrllv.ry Oaklana. Alameda and Derk*-
Jry. Open rvenlr.t*.
:E£ CALI7OESI& COLLE3E Or CCN7XI,
Mm,
Cornrr MrAJJUt^r ard I^nrkln strata, it now
< ; :. for th« admission of atudenta. Apply to
8. V. DENNI.". .M. p.. V. IX S.. dran at th«
cx.ll«-c«. c* A. D. GLHAVES. D. li. S.. aasliUst
fl-an. 4!J rarrott tulldlng.
COKE! COKE!
P. A McT>ONA!-D.
Vsflleaßta Dr-alrr and Shipper of Ccka.
orricc ■:i ITOUiOU st.
NEW STEAMER FOR THE HAWAIIAN INTERISLAND TRADE.
H\* ■■■■ rd« to Oakland Creek one of the prettleat little ateamer. that baa
l " >on , ? Coi . when launched
ter of Dr. H. H. Davis, ■ prominent r»hy»k?lan of Sonoma
Th - B f Captain w I of the Wilder Steamship Com
pany, and mil : ■ . ■ sam and 12 feet deep Her
VV '•' ted io drive the vessel U knots an hour. The Kalolanl
• with the traveling public of Hawaii
went to their quarters as Boon as the
dock waa reached- : .
There was a general shifting around of
transports as soon as the Hen Mohr and
Sorator went out into ■ lie stream. The
St. Paul went alongside the Ohio at Kol
sora 2, the City of Puebla took the Sena
tor's place, the Duke of Fife moved over
Into the Ben Mohr's place and the Dalny
Vostock moved from Hurrlson 10 How
ard 3.
There waa trouble on the transport
' Warn yesterday. A gang of about
sixty boys and young men who have oeen
chipping the boilers for Jl 50 a day struck
for 12. and the majority of them com
promised for II 75. The work on the v«s
s»el (a nearly finished, and the Kiailon
Iron Works thought it better to givo in
to the drmuud o£ the strikers than delay
the work. . ,
The I'o.lerroakers on the Warren also
quit work for an hour or so. They had
been working nine hours a day. tu;d con
tended that on a Government ship they
were entitled to eight hours as a fad
day':? work. The p«int was conceded and
tJK> repairs to the vessel will be Ilnished
in duo course '_
The «A-«viiiic Steamship Company a mall
steamer Aujtraila saiu-d f»r Honolulu
vesteniay with over Hghty cabin pas
i*'np' rs ar.d llfty-slx in the steerage.
During the morning hours a scow
schooner made considerable trouble for
the mail brat. The machinery was being
turned over preparatory to sailing and
the whet-1 was going ahead. The sc«w,
dropping out from the lip, allowed her
mooring line to drift down to the
Australia., and it was caught In the re
volving -vbeel. The engines were st.<i>!>--d
before any damage wan done, but It took
a diver nearly an hour to cut the rape
out of the propeller. Once that was ac
complished the engines were started
again and everything found to work to
perfection.
The cabin passengers who went away
on the Australia were Axel Aalberg. B.
SL Aupherman. A. Q. ilentyne. Charles
Hell and wife, J. H. Bell, Mrs. 1. Brown,
I two children and maid, B. K. Bull. Miss
C. Carlson. 11. Conn, F. J. Cross, Mr? J.
:T. de Bolt. Rev. & L. Desna. W. 3.
Dlxon. Major J. A. Drltflll and wife and
two daughters, Miss R. Duffy, A. O.
llamas .-uid wife. Rev. O. P. Emerson, A.
Enos and wife. Master Enos. A. fEr
lach. Rev. J. M. Ezera, F. R. Farrier. \V.
Fletcher. Miss Fletcher. E. A. Fraser.
Mrs. E. W. Fuller. Mi°s M. A. Puiler.
li. C. Fuller. A. Hartovu-h. .1 A. Hopper
and wife. Miss M. 1. Hopper. C. J.
Hutchlns. John Kanviuwa!, J. Kauhane,
K. D. Kirg. O. H. Koch, <!rant Marcy, A.
C. Pauismelr. Ueresford Pierce. J. P'.aw.
\V Puaol C. C. QulTin. Alec Raymond.
Mr?-. Charles A. Rich. 3. I*. Rich and
wife. Mr.". D. H. Roberta and infant. A-
L. Seavers and wife- and child. F. A.
tfmitli O. W. Smitn aiid wife and child.
Rev K. S. Tlmoteo. J. H. Truen F.
A VolKt Mrs. F. M. WakiflVld. J. C.
Walk* r and wife. Miss Walker. W. H.
Wallace, J. C. Ward. Miss C. Wldman.
Mrs J. N. Wiley and child. Miss E. M
Wiley Miss J. E. Wollpert. E. F. Wright.
Mli-s M. Young and A. Zuckerman.
The schooner Pearl arrived from Cap*
Nome yesterday after a passage of thirty
days. Her cr^w is composed of gold
hunters, bo did fairly well on the beach
during the summer. The schooner's crew
d«»«.?rt<»d. nnd us these men said they were
i sallorK the captain was glad to get them.
They proved tht-mselves to be good men
and the captain was well plensed with
them. Knch one of the six Ballon has
enough Money to take him back to Nome
In the spring. They cay It Is a poor
man's diggings and is all right In the
spring ur.-l summer, but a man Is taking
greut chanc! to stay there over winter.
The Lurk Empire got In from Seattle
last nijrht after a very long passage of
twenty-four days. She had to beat her
way down, and retting offßhore In a
southeaster, had hard work to get back
to the «"totilen <!:ite. A breeze from the
northwest that will last would brlnf a
fl>/»t of 'w<nty-four vessels Into port be
tween punrl?<» and sunset.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
acrept^d the resignation of John li
Dlckson as wharfinger at Section l of the
seawall and appointed A. C. McGauney
to fill his place. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Nearly fifty years
of constant and painstaking
endeavor has characterized
the out-put of John Wie-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning as
now there was no better.
To-day it stands the largest,
richest and best equipped
in modern and scientific
apparatus for making a pure,
wholesome beverage for
family use.
Wieland's
Extra Pale
is the " Pasturized, " bottled
product of that high stan-
dard. Quarts, plnf*. hmlf-plnls. :•.:.• ..-:/..
Your trocer or lekrlxw* CJt 144.
California Bott log Co. > •
1407-17 Eddy St. ■ .
niinTiinr i*iie« *"<* »v neet»i
II" I 1 I ; llil! (!lw«tn cured or no
U L 1L 1 UL pay. No detention
II II I I ft 01 I trom bumnMß. DUB.
1 111 I Giilll MANEFIELIJ St POR-
■*wl I Villa Ti:KFIKI.I>. MS Mar-
ktt it... San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1599.
PESTHOUSE IS
UNFIT FOR THE
CITY'S LEPERS
Health Board to Ask
for Improvements.
ONE MORE SMALLPOX CASE
JTEINTZ WOULD CLOSE UP THE
RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
At the regular meeting of the Board of
Health last night Dr. Co Hey referred to
th.- deplorable condition of the Pesthouse
in which the nineteen leprous wards of
the city are eottftaed, and requested the
board to take mom immediate nmion t.»
better th«»lr condition. He said that the
new bulld'ng provided for them lacked
hot water and cooking facilities, and 'hat
they preferred romainlng in the lllthy.
weather-beaten quarters they now occupy
to going wl.ere they cannot get those r.c
osasttiss. He waa heartily second.-! by
Dr. Payne and Dr. Harbat. and a rei>
lution was adopted which provided that
the P. an' of Health should go before •.)•«
Board of Supervisors an a committee of
the whole and make, urgent request lor
the needed Improvements. On motion of
Dr. Coffey, the salaries of the steward
and nur*e at the Pesthouse were raised
from $40 V ITS per month.
Health Officer Lawlor took advantage
of the cricTtunity to announce that an
other case of smallpox had been discov
ered arllei In the evening, and that Hie
Pitient, Ft auk Rice, was confined «n !.•»
room at the Golden Eagle Hotel at Mont
gomery street and Broadway. Rice ar
rived :rom Portland by steamer three
days ago and has been 111 at his no--l
since thai time. The nature of his ma
lady \xu.s no«. discovered until • iter lay.
By order of the board he will be tak<*n to
the Pesthouse this morning.
The following letter from Dr. Helntz
was • f.ne<' to the Board of Bup*rv>-
I desire to call your attention to the matter
itJ'iW,'? I ?}** ,*V eh **■" •Ing furnnOird the
'[*' *••' f'* ."""K 11 ,^. anJ >" t»ii» pect nubmlt
tha following: We have been rurally hanJ!
ca P ;*«j la odr operatlona by the want of even
tt.e mo»t ordinary material* u*ed In the treat
ment of canes In the hospital and •.:. Mrform
ln» operatlona. We have .ufTerod in th:» re
ppwet tv euch an extent that the patient* have
not received as successful treatment as they
Hl'.ould. and certainly cot a« beneficial as we
could have given them. The bills of the var
ious houses which have already supplied our
hospital with materials have been delayed In
their payment to such an extent that our credit
Is badly Injured and Me are not able to secure
further supplies. Unless this matter Is reme
died so that we are able to do ournelvei and
the patient* brourht before us Justice I uhall
recommend that th« Receiving Hospital be
closed, as In that event the various cases re
quiring treatment will probably be taken care
of jn Dome other Institution. • • •
J. P. E. HBINTBI
The financial statement for October
showed a total of expenditures amount-
Ing to J13.533 33.
The rep>rt of Dr. Hodghead, superin
tendent of the City and County Hospital,
did not present the rosiest condition of
affairs at that institution. During the
past month and the late shortage in
shi'ets, pillowcases and sterilized towels
were used In the place of bandages «and
absorbent cotton, and the food supply
was so cut down that in Dr. Hodghead's
opinion many lives were shortened.
The resignation of George Lilly, an
ambulance driver nt the Harbor Hospital.
Mas accented. The resignation of T K.
(loach, an interne at the Harbor Hospi
tal, was also accepted.
Dr. Payne offered a resolution provid-
Ing for the Immediate opening of tho
school for trained nurses at the City and
County Hospital in order that ns soon.
as possible the present nurses may bo
displaced by nurses properly trained.
The resolution was adopted.
Army Chaplain to Lecture.
Next Tuesday evening the Rev. W. p.
McKlnnon. chaplain of the regular army,
Who has lately returned from a visit to
Washington.' will lecture at the Metropoli
tan Temple on "The Stars and Stripes in
th* 1 Philippines." While In Washington
Father McKlnnon was granted 'several in
terviews with President McKlhley and
members of the Cablnot, and Is expected
i to disclose in his address the prohjible
policy that is to be pursued toward tho
I Klllpinos. The lecturer will also speak of
, church looting and the charges made
against various officers. . : • ;
Mayor Ph*»lan's Lecture.
Th«» first of a aartes Of froe lectures was
delivered last night by Mayor Phelanr at
the Good Samarltnn MlsMon. 148 Second
rtrc^t. a pnii.i-sizfii audience was pres
ent to hear the Mayor speak on the sub
ject, "Civic Oovcrnmpnt." and apprecia
tion was testified ■ by ' frequent applause.
The speaker was Introduced by Rev. \v. i.
Kl|i. who Is In charco of the mission.
The Mayor's remarks were directed
principal . to the good results which
would be effected unOer the new charter,
which he claimed would eradicate all the
evils under which the community labored
when governed by the consolidation act.
Ho predicted that when the charter wu In
full operation this city would rank with
Parts In Its manifold. beauties. •■ • V .
■'•/,"•/:-.■■ •■ ' — . .'■♦'« .■.•*■,.■•
A Shakespearean Play.
I'nder the leadpmhlp of I^fo Cooper, the
Gentlemen's Sodality Dramatic flub,
which comprises graduates of the Jesuit
('•■llfK'o, will on Wednesday evening:, No
vember 29. at College Hall. Van New ave
nue, prenont Sh«kpspeare's famous drama
"Htory IV." Their annual entertainment
has always been a success in the past,
and this year is not likely to be an excep
tion, as the sale of tickets is large and
the gentlemen taking part are well known
in amateur circles in this city. The pro
ceeds of the entertainment will be given
to the Ladles' and Gentlemen's Sodalities
CORPORATIONS WILL
FIGHT THE BOND TAX
Those local corporations which have
I large bunches of bonds among their as
sets and liabilities have finally arranged
I their differences with Tax Collector Shee
nan. They will pay what they consider
they are due to pay In the way of taxes
but the Question of taxation of bonds
they are foil to carry into court.
The corporations appeared before the
Board of Kqualization and protested that
the taxation of bonds was double taxa
; tion, and made application to have
such assessments cut off. The board re
fused, and they next appeared before the
rax Collector an<l ottered to pay the
whole tax under protest If the Treasurer
would consent to keep the bond payments
under a special fund until a decision could
be had. The Treasurer declined to listen
to any such proposition. Then the agents
of the different concerns held a meeting
and decided to pay such taxes as the
considered legal and Rive the Tax Col
lector indemnity bonds to secure the bal
, ance until the courts should decide either
for or against them. This proposition wan
Put before bo , th Bheehan and Truman and
both accepted; th.« corporation taxes will
consequently be paid upon that basis.
The companies concerned in the agree
ul^ n«n «t W '' r *'i? 11 .. of th< * rr ' ank:T and the Mar
net Street Railway Company.
TWO COUPLES
MAN AND WIFt
Hecht - Weil and Brid£
man - Heyneman Nup
tials Celebrated.
One of the prettiest weddings of the
season took place at noon yesterday,
when Irvln J. Well and Miss Elßie Sara
Hecht wen united at the homo of the
bride's mother, Jackson and Octavla
streets. From seventy-five to a hundred
friend* of the family witnessed th« tielng
of the knot by the Rev. Dr. Vooraanger
the bride being given away by her broth
er, Bert R. Hecht. Her cousin. Miss Edith
Hecht, acted as maid of honor, while her
niece. Miss Dorothy Kathryn Fries, was
bridesmaid. The best man was Ell Weil
brother of the groom. The bride, who Is'
extremely beautiful, Is one of the most
popular members of the. younger set. in
which she made her debut about two
years in, As a member of the law firm
of McNutt & Well the groom Is recog
nized as one of the moat prominent lenJ
lights of this city. An elaborate break
fast followed the ceremony, and soft,
rose-colored lnenndeucentß shone on the
festive scene through maaaee of tawny
chrysanthemums. An orchestra, concealed
in a bower of livinit green, lent the charm
of music to the occasion, and after tho
departure of the bride and gToom an In
formal dance was indulged In. The young
couple will spend their honeymoon .it
Monterey and will make their future
home at the Hotel Grenada.
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector of St
Paul's Episcopal Church, married at 10
o'clock yesterday morning Miss Florence
Bridgman and Otto H. Heyneman. Tho
church was beautifully decorated with
white chrysanthemums by the ladles of
St. Paul's Chancol Chapter. The wed
ding was a very quiet one. only the Inti
mate friends of the two families being
present. The bride, garbed in a plain gray
traveling gown, was given away by her
brother, Robert Brldgman. Miss JJridg
man wns one of the first sopranos of St
Paul's and is exceedingly popular In
church and society circles. Mr. Heyne
man Is the secretary of Chief Lees and Is
well known In- political circles. During the
ceremony appropriate music was rendered
by C. Tllton. organist of the church, Im
mediately afterward the bridal party left
for the home of the bride in Bausalito
where a reception was held, the younir
couple leaving: later for a tour through
th» southern part of the State. On th.-ir
return they will reside on California
Mr., :
By Appointment.
M«k^ year ■apbtotmeat with j-our friend at
Zlnkand's for Iptli h •
Chinese Crushed to Death.
Nine Ah Hee. a Chinese employed In th»
Pacific Canning Company's establishment
on Stockton and Sacramento. struts, and
who wop erased In an elevator last ilon
day afternoon, died from the effects of his
Injuries last evening. The Injured man
had a fractured leg and skull an.i was at
tended by ■ Chinese physician in ris
lodging's.- at the corner of Ross alley and
"Washington street. The body was re
moved to the. Morgue by Deputies La
combe and Flanagan.
DIED BESIDE THE GRAVE
THAT HE HAD JUST MADE
Cornelius Burns, chief grave-digger at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, i
dropped dead Just after ho had filled in the lwst shovelful of earth In the
grave which contained the remain* of Pierre Ludeoud yesterday after- ,
noon. Three person; witness. d this .singular, death In Its more singular
place. They were Thomas Deleharity, Henry Eagan and George Davis.
For over thirty years Burns has been chief knight of the spade In the
cemetery. He has been a hard, worker, and about two years ago was seized
with an apoplectic stroke, from which ho partially recovered. Yesterday i
morning he .assisted in .digging the grave of Pierre Ludeoud in plat 3351 of
the cemetery; and while the funeral cortege was bearing the mourners i
homeward after depositing the remains In the earth he commenced the task
of ailing In the grave. ll© did not complain of exhaustion while at work, but ,
Just us he tossed the last shovelful of earth on the newly made mound tot
tered and fell dead. . .':.[■.'■■ ■' \
Burns came to his death. It is supposed, from apoplexy. He was 60/ (
years of age and has a family residing on Boyce street, between Point
Lobos avenue and St. Rose street. . "' ••.'•.; '
NEVADA'S TROOP
OF CAVALRY IS
HOW NO MORE
Mustered Out at the
Presidio.
FOUR MONTHS' PAY TO EACH
A PRIVATE KILLED BY FALLING
FROM A HORSE.
The Nevada cavalrymen were mustered
out yesterday. There were forty-eight of
them. Each trooper received four
months' pay, besides balances on cloth
ing allowances and travel pay, and alto.
tether there was nearly JluO for every
man.
The troop will go home Friday evening
in a special car attached to the overland.
They will be- met at the State line by
Governor Sadler and a delegation of citi
zens, and when they reach Carson City
they will be royally welcomed.
The Forty-fifth Infantry left camp yes
terday and marched away to the trans
port dock. Its place In camp will be
taken by the Forty-ninth when It ar
rives, which will be within a day or two,
and that will bring the two colored regi
ments side by >'■■■ in a camp Just large
enough to bold them both.
Andrew J. Borden, a private In Com
pany 13 of the Forty-sixth Infantry, was
Killed by being thrown from a horse Tues
day night. He was one of v detachment
lett behind by 'the Forty-sixth to look
out for its baggage until it could be taken
down to the transport, wnich accounts for
his presence at the Pi i sidlo after his regi
ment ad left. He struck on his head and
when he was taken to the hospital It was
found that h!s skull had been fractured
He never r« gained consciousness and died
about four hours after the accident.
John W. Daley and Curtis C. Isley, dis
charged men from Company D of the
Thirty-fourth Infantry, axe trying to have
their case reviewed by some authority
that will put them back Into the army
and wipe out the disgrace of their dis
missal, for they were discharged without
honor.
The men were accused by a photogra
pher of stealing and then breaking his
camera. He complained first to the col
onel of the regiment, who put them un
der arrest, and then to the police, and
two policemen were sent out to the Pre
(fldio and the men were taken to Jail
The case was dismissed in the Police
Court, but notwithstanding the colonel of
the Thirty-fourth asked thai the m»-n bo
discharged without honor, they being In
the hands of the civil authorities, and
this was done in an order from army
headquarters.
.The men say the photographer left his
camera in one of the company streets and
then members of the company garnered
around and took pictures of one another
in his absence. They say there was no
malice in their action, and they did not
think the photographer had any right to
take pictures In the camp anyway The
discharge without honor deprives them
of their travel pay, and they are here I]
the city without money or friends. They
claim the discharge was Issued under a
misapprehension, as they were not in the
hands of the civil authorities any longer
than was necessary for the Judge to dis
miss the case against them.
They say, too. that no discharge of that
kind can be Issued except after sentence
of court-martial, and none was ever called
to try their case. They are asking that
they be allowed to go back to their regl-
V}?!}} and that they be .sent out to the
Philippines, so they may Join their com
mand In th»» Held. The trouble occurred
on September 10. a short time before th«
Thirty-fourth sailed for Manila.
Second Lieutenant James F. McKlnley
Sixth Cavalry, has been ordered to pro
ceed to Manila on the transport Duke of
Fife. Upon his arrival he will report to
General Young for duty upon his staff
Captain John L. Ketehum, Forty-fourth
Infantry, has been ordered to appear be
fore the examining board to prove his fit
ness to retain his commission.
Chaplain Leslie R. Groves has been or
dered to proceed to Manila on the trans
port Warren.
Acting Assistant Surgeon O. C. Heine,
having ported for the annullment of
his contract, hns been order*.) to proceed
to Nebraska City. Kebr., where his con
tract was originally mado.-
Captain William C. Bennett, Sixteenth
Infantry, has been assigned to duty on
the St. Paul as quartermaster and com
missary.
Second Lieutenant Emery S. West,
Eleventh Cavalry, baa been ordered to the
Wyefleld to take charge of the detach
ment that will accompany the horses and
mules she will take with her on her next
trip.
Chnplaln Cephas C. Bateman has been
assigned to duty with the Forty-fourth
Volunteer Infantry. He will accompany
the command to Manila.
Leave of absence for one month has
been granted to First Lieutenant Howard
K. Bane, Thirty-ninth Infantry.
Mrs Stacker, the aunt of Colonel Chll
ders of the Tennessee Regiment, died last
Tuesday. She was stricken with apo
plexy last Sunday and never regained con
sciousness.
Private James Oulnn, Company B.
Twenty-fifth Infantry, has been sen
tenced to be dishonorably discharged
from th* eervlce, to forfeit all pay and
allowances duo him and to spend a year
In confinement at hard labor. He was
Convicted of drunkenness, disorderly con
duct, attempting to strike a corporal of
the guard and of using vile and abusive
language,
George Edelman of th» same company
has been sentenced to the same penalty,
with the exception of six months* con
finement Inste-ad of a year. He was con
victed Of larceny.
Mndnme Bishop's Concert.
Mme. Orenevra : Johnstone-Blshop. the
celebrated dramatic soprano, will give a
' grand concert at Sherman * Clay Hall to
, night, assisted by Bernhard Mollenhauer.
Mrs. Edith Johnston lsatch<Mder and the
Philharmonic orchestra, under the leader
ship of James Hamilton Howe. Madame
Bishop Is possessed of an exceptionally
brilliant voice, and lays claim to being the
irre.it est oratorio, singer In th» United
States. It Is said of her that she has re
ceived the largest salary ever paid a choir
singer. _"••■••.
Botkin Bills Paid.
The trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin fo*
the murder of Mrs. John P. Dunning has
so far cost the ! city, and county $10,911.
Auditor Wells audited the last of the bills
yesterday— a claim of $1429 M for trans
cript fees— and said he was glad the mat
ter was off his hands. . .The enormous
amount expended went largely for the
transportation of the Delaware witnesses
back and forth across the continent and
for shorthand reporters' fees.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
CONCLUDING STUDIES OF KING LEAR.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SH AX F SRE AR E.
Contributor* t" this our**: I»r FMwarl 1' -w.'-ri. ! >r. MTUllaai J r: :>. Dr. (Umlltoa
W Mabie. Dr. Albert S. Cook. I>r Hiram Ctrion, Dr. Imm N. IVmtn .n. I -r Vul* D.
ScudJ«r and r>ther».
IV. KING LEAR.
(Concluded.)
Selected Critical Studies.
The story of Gloucester nnu hi« nons
Is a counterpart to that of l.tar and his
daughters. Gloucester Is credulous and
superstitious. and for breadth and
grandeur of character Is not to be com
pared to Lear; but he ranges himself on
the side of mercy and Justice, and his
treatment of Edgar has more excuse than
Lear's treatment of Cordelia. Like I^ar.
his repentance when be li undeceived Is
sincere, and. like him. his frror Is ex
plated with his life. ESdmnnd'i entangle
ments with Uoneril and R"p;rin furnish
the link which binds the two stories to
gether. Thoroughly committed to both
of them, their cause becomes his. and It
Is mainly to his energy that the victiry
of the British forces Is due. It Is owing
to the discovery of.Gonertl's letter to rim
that his villainies are finally unmasked,
not the least of which was his order
for the ••xecvtlon of Cordelia— an order
which a deathbed repentance revokes when
It Is too 'ate. The part played by Edgar
also has Its relation to the main plot;
his assumed madness, seconded by the
witticisms of the fool, renders the real
madness of Lear less terrible, and It Is
SAMUL PHFIPS.
The most notable tribute paid to Shakespeare by any
actor-manager of recent times was paid by Samuel Phelps,
who gave during his tenure of Sadler's Wells Theater be
tween 1 & 44 and lSfi2 competent representations of all tho
plays save "Trollus and Cresslda" and "Titus Andronicus."
—Sidney Lee.
through his Instrumentality that tne
final catastrophe Is brought about.—Her
bert A. Evans.
Lear Is 'he greatest sufferer In Shakes
peare's plays; though so old. he has
strength which makes him a subject lor
prolong»-«l and vast agony, and patience
is unknown to him. The elements
to have conspired Hgainst him with his
unnatural teophters; the upheaval of the
moral world and the ragv of tern;
the a!r seem |O be Dartl Of the SMM
gigantic convuls'.'n. !• the midst of this
tew peat wanders, unhoused, the whue
baired Lear, while bis fool— most pal
of all the minor characters of S :
Jests half wildly, half coherently.
hair bitterly, half under!?, and always
with a pad remembrance of the happier
past. The poor h«j's henrt has been sore
ever since his "young mistress w> Q1 to
France."— Kdward I towden.
In "Othello" the tragedy turns upon the
rending of the borri
and wife. In "King Lear" ihe tragedy la
that of violated filial ties, and of father
saved — and scarcely saved— from th
«j.a!r following upon unnatural cruelty by
the redeeming passion of |OT< In one
daughters h»Hrt. The srnle on which
everything Is presented In this drama
borders on the titanic. Tbe couble plot
heightens and intensifies the effect.
Gloucester's wrong and Gloucester's
suffering are great, but they fall well
within the limits of humanity. The pas
sions of Lear almost break the bounds;
there Is in them something vast and ele
mental, and nature herself, with her
deluging streams and fierce thrusts of
lightning and reverberating thunders,
seems to partake In and to reflect th«
chaos of the moral world. Where hatred,
deceit and egoism are outragrous love Is
deep and still, a pure and quiet :ount of
blessing; Cordelia utters no passionate
outcry, hut all that Is of virtuous power
in the play organizes Itself about her, or
unconsciously takes part with her. She
dies as the martyr of love, but when her
father falls upon her body nnd his strong.
worn heart at last breaks through exioss
of strain, he Is looking for that unmter«*l
word of love from her lips, the very tx>
pectatlon of which has saved him from
despair nnd moral death. Cordolla dies,
but love is not defeated— Edward Dow
den.
"Kins Lenr" Is the greatest task
Shakespeare ever set himself, th.- most
extensive and the most imposing— all the
suffering and horror that can arise fr -n
the relation between a father and hl«
children, expressed In tlve acts of mod
erate length.
No modern mind has dared to face such
a subject; nor could any one have grap
pled with It. Shakwpeare did bo without
even a trace of effort, by virtue »t th»)
<>vi r| oworlng mastery which he now. In
the meridian of his genius, had attained
over the whole of human life. He handles
his theme with the easy vigor that be
longs to spiritual health, though we have
here scene upon scene of such Intense
pathos that we seem to hear the sobs of
suffering humanity accompanying the ac
tion, much as one hears by the seashore
the steady plash and sob of the waves.
Under what conditions did Shakespeare
take hold of this subject? The drama
tells plainly enough. He stood at the
turning point of human life; he had lived
about forty-two years; ten years of life
still lay before him. but of these certainly
not more than seven were Intellectually
productive. He now brought that which
makes life worse than <J>>ath face to face
with that which makes life worth living—
the very breath of our lungs and Cor
della-Uke solace of our suffering— and
swept them both forward to a catastrophe
that appals us like the ruin of a world.—
George Brandes.
The fool, the best of Shakespeare's fools,
made more conspicuous by coming after
the insignificant clown in "Othello. 1 * I*
such an echo— mordantly witty, marv.-l
ously Ingenious. He Is the protest of sound
common sense against the tooIMUMM
of which Lear has been guilty, but a pro
test that Is pure humor. He never com
plains, least of all on his own account.
Yet all his foolery produces a tragic el-
I feet. And the words spoken by one of
' the knights. "Since mv young lady's go
| ing Into France, sir. the I ."I hath much
pined away," atone for all his sharp
I speeches to I^ar. Among Shakespeare's
i other mauler strokes in this play must b«
reckoned that of exalting the traditional
clown, the buffoon. Into ?o high a sphere
that he becomes a traffic element of the
. first order.— George lirandes.
That this old man should I ■>«« his
youngest daughter— this i* the catastro
1 phe which Shakespeare has ma so
i great that it is with reason Kent asks:
| "Is this the promised end? Is thin th«
i end of the world?" In the lon of this
I daughter he loses all; and the abyss that
I opens seems' wide enough and deep
i enough to engulf a world.
Th»' loss of a Cordelia— that li the rr»nt
i catastrophe. We all lose, or live und^r
I the dread of losing:, our Cordelia. The
| loss of the dearest ami best, of that
i which alone makes life worth living— th.it
Is the tragedy of Ufa Hence the question:
i Is this the end of the world? Tea. It is.
: Ea^h of ms has only his world, and lives
I with the threat of Its destruction harm
i ing over him. And In the year l 4)«
Shakespeare was In no mood to write
other than dramas on the doom of other
1 worlds.— Geonce Itrandes.
The elements of greatness In Lear's
character are not apparent when
Iwe first see him In the open
. Ing of th« play. Ills defects are
only too patent. »l»
Is a man who has
been spoilt by hav
ing his own way. A
long tenure of ab
solute power had
left him headstrong.
obitln ate. self,
willed, capricious
and Impatient of
contradiction. That
hnlam-e of mind,
steadiness of Judg
ment and Instght
Into the characttr
of others, which ho
might have ac
quired In an Inferior
position, he was ut
terly destitute of. In
order to Justify an
unequal division of
his kingdom, which
would have given
the largest share to
his fuvorlte daugh
ter, he resorted to
the ridiculous arti
fice of challenging
their expressions of
affection, only to
meet with the dis
appointment which
ho well deserved;
then In a Bind* mu
tant his love la
changed to hate.
and in a blind fit of
fury he. banlshe-*
from his Fight th>»
only child who real
ly loved him, and
with whom he
might have passed
the remainder of
his days In peace.
It Is on this capi
tal mistake— this act
of fatal blindness—
that the tragic Is
sues of the, play de
pend. Not till he is
of adversity do wa
begin to sympathize
with Lear; we can then understand tho
devotion with which he Inspired the faith
ful Kent.— Herbert a Evans.
Questions for Research and Review.
I. Is It Liar's sin against Cordelia and
Kent (In the first scene) or his folly In
dividing the kingdom and putting power
In bad hands that create* the basis of
th.- tragedy? Is Cordelia at all blamable
In the first scene? What is Lear's mental
condition as the play opens? At what
point does he really go mad?
•. What parallelism Is there between th*»
characters of the main plot— (1) Lear, (2>
Cordelia and Kent. (3) Gonerll and Regan
—and those of the secondary plot— (1)
Gloucester. (ti Edgar. (3) Edmund? How
do their dramatic functions compare, or
contrast, pair for pair?
3. Which characters of the play have a
part in both main and secondary plot,
serving to weave the two together? la
what s«cenes Is this accomplished?
4. What is gained for the advancement
of the plot by Introducing Gloucester Into
the scene it the hovel after Edgar and
Lear have been brought together*
5. The visit to Gloucester's ca*tle bring"*
what elements of the play together? De
termines what Issues? Leads to what
new ventures?
6. Has Edmund's villainy any excuse?
Is Edmund a Richard 111 on a smaller
scale? As an Intriguer, how does he mea
sure with Iago?
7 How much of the play Is devoted to
bringing about the destruction of Ed
mund? By what means In the case of,
Goneril. Regan and Edmund is evil shown,
to work Its own ruin?
8. What mitigates the horror of tho
scene in which Gloucester Is blinded?
9. Are the crimes of Gonertl and Regan
monstrous beyond belief?
10. What Is the function of the fool
In this play? Merely to afford relief from
so much horror? Should we understand
Lear as well without him? Should we ap
preciate the three daughters as well?
l>oes Lear or the rest learn anything from
him? Is he young or old?
11. How are natural phenomena em
ployed In this play?
II Is Cordelia's influence felt between
her departure for France and her return?
11 What do you think of Coleridgo'a
opinion that "Kent Is perhaps the nearest
to perfect goodness In all Shakespeare's
characters?
14/ Do the moral Issues Involved In this
tragedy come as near to men's hearts ami
bosoms as thoso Involved In the tragedy
of "Othello"? Do they affect as many
people.
Ohio rtmte University.
Note — A special paper entitled
"Shakespeare as a Tragic Poet," by
Dr. Demmon, will be published 011
Monday.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1890-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies In Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15. 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
TRANSPORT COLUMBIA ARRIVES
Has an Uneventful Trip From Manila
and Brings Eight Government
Clerks.
The United State* army transport Co
lumbia arrived In port fast nlsrht from
Manila via Nagasaki. RU Government
employe* coni*titutc«l th.- entire passenger
list, no nick or dlachnrped Roldlem belnc;
aboard. 'l he transport was twenty-«lfcht
days and eight hour from Manila anil
nineteen days sixteen hours from tho
Japanese port. No rough weather was
encountered during the entire voyage, and
beyond a little seasickness all the pas
sengers enjoyed good health while at sea,
The Columbia will dock thU morning.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMA ' MARK UTS.
Si!: advanced. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat declined, but subsequently recovered.
Barley dull and a fraction loner.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Enormous stocks of Hay on hand. Market weak.
Beans firm at the recent advance. , .
River Potatoes firmer. Onions firm, . ;
Some kinds of Vegetables higher. . .
Fresh Butter unchanged, but pickled lower.
Another advance m ranch Eggs, which are scarce.
Poultry and Game about the same. . . '"'■..-■' -j-
Cranberries in active demand and firm. . V
Oranges, Lemons and Limes weak. ' ;'■■ ■ \
No further change m Proznsions.
Another adz-ance in Quicksilver.
Charters.
Th« X. J. Wto load* lumber lit Grays Har
bor for Honolulu; C. A. Thsyer. lurr.ber at
Gray* Harbor Pot i?u\-a, F01; Topgallant, lum
ber at Port Blake'.ry for Honolulu.
The County of CarO'.&ui lo«< *.s salmon on the
FVarer Itlvt-r for l.lv»-rr«iijl, 4Ja.
New ■ \ Market.
Th* New York drralir it Her.ry Clews «iy«
I
■
■
I
■
■
"Qul'e a numtx r of Stcte hrtnk* are in the
Jfew Vf>rk Clearing-house Anfoc:aUoa, and by
a rule of the n«p.-c:ati"ij the reserve In counted
tit Vk per > •.: un all the ;.-.;.- alike, it' Urn
Hutc !;;-.:> were ringed at IS j*r cent and the
MUtlnskJ burin at 21 per i«-nt It wnuld ci*"<» the
latter an <>ir<'t( tn r*-*erve of t!.e :>*al Ii per
cent. Thrre 1«. therefore, n.ithlne tv d.rturb
cnnflJence m the l«ht wck'f l>«nk statement.
«hlch fiilowe^J the i*nk« to b- |33\S.'« below
thrir wni'i. The money that Un« recently
«one frum the New Yrrk bankn ha« H-en : — .f I
trir jiay roll* an<i ;>ocktt money. w.Mrh in the
apfrepate T\-a« never co larjte t5 now. and a;»
piiw ailke to ever>- section <.f the country. The
averaxa amount of moaqr carrieil in the pock
•U cf pe.-ple. estlmateJ at H each, which li
• coropij^itlwly rrr.a.l! an:)U!it. Is |37:..<iu0.<>0««.
The New y<-rk bank rewerve*. n>ttmntvd at C 5
r»r cent, now can for Jl« .!••». OfiO. The rwnvi
cf othrr \ATKt c!t!o» are about In the same pro
tvirtlra. Th<F* reserve fun.lii r*pre»«-nt ko much
money out of rimilHtlon. The tame 1* the
cane »;:h the Urre rum now held by the Vnit^d
btaTr* treasury. th<^ tun unt Wins KS>S *f»T SCS
•The pr-».:T.i activity anJ hlith rules for
money rlm^r trlve the opportunity for the
rank* \<\ i.,an funds out liberally, aa It 1«
through lr.tercrt ratee that money is obtained
for Olvldcn.!* tn the H»rkhoMer» of the ln«l
tutltnu. anl ah the actl\tty in miner at th«
j ri-s»-nt time is caused hy r'ro^perity. thpy feel
Jurtlflp<t in putting out all they can. 1 h.-r«
never tva» a tlmo when it wiu> paf"r to do It."
r Of 7/(7 V.
wren ironn than is Nnnprn to carrt
T'P THItOCGn THE TEAR.
The Fan rranclpcu Hay Annoclatloa has com
pile.! a »:atc:n.nt of Hay In store in public
%-arehoUKwi and privme bars* on November 1.
I?9I. showmff the vi»!b> nuiply and covrrins
the rour.tlri that »-nd thrjr Hay to San Kran
rlnco market*. The fimires have b^en furnlsihed
ty the warehousemen »r other recogr.lzed au
thorities at varloun point*:
Ton*. I Ton.
Urermore IJ.JK) ■ McArmt ... i->"o
Altamor.t I.f.v. Cornwall ~ #%
I -I »■« Kant nn U.7W AnUoch i,(*s
f, vr ">' ••• LIM '.lU< Vista L7c>o
Howard* L*»jiU<Kfctoa «u<i
J'"^' 1^ 7M> \Vo..rll«n.l 'iw
Inrlßctoa UOiMarji'vUl* 1 W
\\a.rm J-prlnea.... !.<;..■ WUlowb C^)
MlU'ita* t2» CMoo sy*>
Mount Ed'-n «»Hoacut too
AHIfo :.««Su!hid CSid
Mountain Vi«-w.. M» ItealeU i>w
J'^dwv^d S.(« iVallejo I*ooo
IJclmont »i Napa Vallry
Mrn ' 1 I.*' I *' 15<-c!amatlon LMK)
Mavflcld LCOO lvtalum* €.f."O
Mo^ran Hill I.IV. St. H.]rna tin)
8-n Martin 1.000 Sasta Riaa S.S'iO
HolllMer is.!«f«. S..n.«na VOOO
Tre* I»ln.i« ;,.« k I j.- U i» n & Wlninor I.«K)
f»llna* L.CO/l|U)-dt W»)
Oinraj«^i S»jj w.-.lnut 0r0ve.... TOO
<-"hualar l.(/.,| . UrkKburgr 1,?O
Kin Pablo »w El Wrano 409
Jinole r.«j«i orldley r->o
M»rtinr2 z.y.l JVthany 2.:.*)
Conc.nl 6.300' Kyronn fc,r»
J^rhero J.::* S. Jraqu'.n Valley 1.0(1.)
Walnut Cre*>k.... I.'.h, c an Fiunclsco.... M.noo
KnlKht* Kandlng. 7r«i>i
tun lUmua \.'*A\ Total UT 17i
1
Weather Report.
fifth M<rld!«n— rar'flo Time )
PAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 15. 6 p. m.
The following or* the c»i»on&: rainfalls to
date *' compared with those of the Fame date
la»t »eai>on and rainfall* :n the last twenty-
Jour hour*:
I*pt Th!« La«t
station*— 24 hours. * .-i* n. aeasun.
Eureka d.71 s.SI 4 qj
n»a niuff o.«» cm o.'si
}-'aeranT>nto 0.21 €.04 j.oo
Pan Frar.clHco *■ S3 E.C7 l.»j
Fresno, - 0.C7 2.57 I.ls
Independence 0.84 <».K3 0.31
Ban !>•:.► Ob!»p» 0.10 4 T2 O.f.S
\m» Anprlen o.f>4 1.77 O.IS
Fan iJiero t<.(4 0.54 0.07
Tumi ©.no o.M o.H
Pan Franfl^fo at i Maximum temperature.
C: minimum. M: m*-an. C».
INEATHiyt CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOUKCART.
A *torm of cor.sld« ratile extent overlle« the
*eMern portion of the ountry. Over Wanh
lnFt"n the t>rei«i>ure r^adu about 23. frt inch<-».
l>urlriß the rxj't twrnty-four hnura the nr»i
rur* ha» fallen »tea<sily ever the It'K-ky Moun
tain reirion. and the norm will probably crtws
the tniut.taJni Thuri-day.
The «e«thfr ha« X« <-n renerally cloudy over
the w.Mre country vm of the Rorky Moun
tain*. Rain ).a» fallen over the icreater portion
of California.
A maximum wind velocity of forty mile* per '
hour Irom the aoutheapt !• reported at Fort
Canbj-.
Forecajt roafle at Btn Franrinco for thirty
hours enrtlnc m'.ir.'.Kht. Novetr.l>> r 18, 1SS»:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, with
•howern In the forenoon; fre*h wind*.
Southern California— O«»u<ly Thursday, with
oroaßional Ilsht rhonrri; *re*h aoutherly winds.
Nevada—Tlaln Thursday.
Utah-Rain Thur»day.
ArJtona— Cloudy --<say; warmer In •»«
ern portion.
San Francineo and vlclnitr— Cloudy Thursday,
with occaaloral ahowere; freyh eoufiweat wind.
ALEXANDER O. MeAI»IE.
Forecast Official.
» ■ -
EASTERN MARKETS
Hew York Stock Market.
NETW T^'RK. N "• JS.— There ,w«* a rhow
Of strenirth Mi «tock« today. owing to the
Jars* operations by professional rpeculators In
a number of prominent Industrial", notably
Furar. the leather *tr>cka. norae of the metal
I— US* and New York public Utilities, all cif
mhlch ahow large gsir.ii There were strong
advance* In New York Central en the an
nounced wittllii lit of differences over the
Button and Albany lease. In Southern Paelflc
en the continued larce absorption by banking
Interests. In Pacific Mall In anticipation of the
action on the dividend, en the coalers on the
good conditions In the. anthracite trade and
In th* Atcblaon stocks. The level of prices
on Ut* whole la higher, but the activity waa
not v«ry widely dutrtbuted and the general J
dlsx>oaiiion wsji to maintain a, waiting .1111- ,
luOr, ii-riui.'.i; further development* . in' the .
taaaty siluaUcn. There waa :.j recurrence of '
extrefiM Kirm^enc}' m the local :iut;ne>' max
ket, tii i>;iii> )ac«°a innounccnwai that : th« ,
tu-nsury uoulJ buy ta.WO.OW of Called tstateV
Ik.:jJh at the price a; which tliey were quoted
vti the New Voik btook Exchane*; yesterday J
was Dot mad* until alter the close of the j
stuck market. Tne stenui£ exollauKe market
was dull, lvi Inclined to Urmneha 111 respooM.]
to the hardening ut muney ntH in London, I
wheru :iu:" was a upt-clal demand un th*. :
nnirkct iiKritient to the laklns up Of GovernV.
neot bill.'- to provide for war expenses. Tht-w .1
van a continued der.iand lruiu atuck exchanp<?
Foarcea tor time money and 7 p«r «-va! wjtii
bid lor six months' lean* where Industrial -
Fti'cka floured aa collateral. In connection j
«ith the outlook In the money market the
October fore-ifa tra.le btnlf-riH nt of the treas
ury bureau of •iatlelli'9 attracted grail In
ttrctt From this It appears that a iJlrht .
t.Ulius oU In the October exputtH of agrlcul- !
tural products cora;aied with last year, due ]
to a decline or over 3u pt-r cent m th« amount j
cf cotton erj>ortF, is mor« than offset hy the I
it;crt<a>ed .i... rti. of manufacturles. ao Uiat th« |
: :..; exportb lor the month are over Jvv.V.-j '
In rxceeit of. thi.«>e Jor lai>t year These tlg-ures '
a:« the ir.ore m^m:!. ant la cotisequenc* of the !
lnrse current d'-m^Jid for cotton by foreign '
buj-ntr*. Taking the ten months of the year It
a|>{*or» that the decrea** of $37.1"00."i.>0 In the j
valuo of agricultural exporta is more than j
offset by th>» increase In . exports of manu- j
factunrs, bo that the total exports for the ten
months arc valued at over |41.0i"».).nc0 In excess
of those lor the ten month* la IJ4H. Th» la
emaa In the value .•: lmporta tor the same !
period of |130.000,m:"^ leaves the merchandise !
trade balance In our favor nearly $:«0.vy.000
less thin Isst year. But In the same period
our net imports of «;old have b«-*n Marly
ll^.OOo.vjO Ipes than last year. As a net re
sult the unliquidated trade balance In our favor
Is t32,537,<C!' less than for the corresponding
period of last y«^ir. Added to this .- the recent
buying here for London account of securitle*.
Estimates of shipments to London of Ameri
can «*-ourltl»s by comlnjr Ballings run an high
as 2C»\o<rt shares. Lance loans hay«» been placed
In the New York market hy f -»iKn houses
In tne '.«*• week or no. obviously with the pur- '
V *• of deferring demands for (fold on foreign j
rr.arkrts. But the flirures cited (tire the rrounds !
for the claims of foreign exchange houses that i
th^re must be a heavy Import movement of
IfolJ in the cour-p* of a ehort time-.
There was a moderate activity In the bond
market and price chsnues were mixed. Total
*»!«■». par vnlue. Jl.Klft.Onn.
I'r.ltM States bon.ls were- uTT-hanred In the
bid rrlce.
Advices from ' ■•hlririon were received In
■^ull street after business hours announcing
that the Secretary of the Treasury would pur
chase t:r,.Ofio.ooo of the United States 4 per cent
bonds of IW7 and the £s of 1904 at the prices
nilln«. The final Mds for these Issues on
November 14 were 1124 for the 4s roistered.
11-»« for the coupon ' •■•I", and 111 each for
the .- coupon and registered.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
bold. Stocks — 7"
17.555 Atchl^oa W22,.W 22,.
2i.'.-w) Atcliißon prefd •„.. £j£
i'JO Baltimore & Ohio "" jiiZ
Canadian I'aclnc ".'.'.""l mv I
110 Canada Southern '" r»
I.o<io t.he«ai*ak* JL Ohio .'.*.'.'.""" Z7K
1,400 Chicago Great Western uZ
l>.4su Chicago, irlin«t a & Qulncy...V.!iJH»
Chicago, lnd «* Louisville 114
Chicago, ..... prefd .. 4!
HO Chicago C Eastern Illinois W4 !
l.t'"i Chicago- & Northwe»tfrn I<I7V»
2,St>o t'hiraKo. Rock Island & Pacific... 11* ■«
1.3"U C C C ■ -•. Louis sj,i'
b,Z'<o Colorado Southern ... (C '
I'ftO Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46^
100 Colnrado Southern 2d prefd is-,
M 0 IWlaware & Hud i 121
1.040 Delaware, Lackawana & Western
l>«*nver & Rio Grande «iv
KK> l>onver & Rio Grande prefd . j«v
100 Erie ■" w £
Erie lj*t prefd " ST
170 Gr<-at Northern prcf.l 1;;
Hix-king; <'<>al \*
U - nx Valley 32
Illinois Cf-ntral 114
lowa Central 131^
200 lowa Central prefd CB4
400 Kaiicas City, »»ittsbiirK ft Gulf a'
l^ake Eri» &: Wesfrn : ig ;
l<ak»« Erie Ai • :-rn prefd 774 j
l^ike Shire ijj
t.510 I-.u)hVille A: Nashville $64
31.035 Manhattan Elevated 103 V*
l.os<i M«-tri/|.olltan Street Railway li-3
Mexlcun Central 12\
JJinneapolli & 6t Iv>uls 70
«»0 Ml!i::«-a|xillB ■-■■-;•■. SJ4
6.5. : *> MihK.uri I'a<lflc 4SW
MoMIe & Ohio 45
Missr.url, Kansas A T<>xas 12>4
1.&00 Missrun. Kar.i-as & T»-xas prefd.... 7.8-»
ZU) New Jersey Central 1124
?.*M N.w y.,rk Central 1371;
1.010 Norfolk & Western 26\
400 Norfolk & Western prefj .-. 70
1,70u Northern I'aciiic n\
Northt-m Pacific prefd ; 74 V
110 Ontario & Western '. Rl4
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Ort-pon Hallway A. Nay prefd ! 76
2.012 Pennsylvania 12$H
t9O ReaiUns  204
t.^»i ItfHdinK ■• pr»^d t.s4
4IK) Heading 2d prefd 31
Rio Grande Western 574
200 Rio Grande Western prefd S3«i
100 St I*ouls & San Prmnciaoo 10S
Bt L;uls & S F W prefd 71
St Iy.u:s & S F M prefd 25?;
St L uls. uthwestern 13 ]
1.C30 St I^.uls, Southwestern prefd 31 Vi
6.SW St Paul 114U 1
St Paul prefd '.'.'.'.'."
TOO St Paul * Omaha 1164 1
124. 5 M Southern Pacific V;; 43*. i
2.<20 Si^ithern Railway .... 1314
2,0(10 P<uthern Railway prefd f.7
2C«I Texas & Pacific " igi'
5,? M Unl.-m Pacific ;.;; 47
2.510 Unl'>n I'aclfic prefd tku
Wahash • s^
E.". 0 Wabaah prefd | 22
2, i ;r^t wh« i|n»r .v I. E inT^
"CO Wheeiins it UK 2d prefd 2^4
US Wisconsin Ontral
Express Comfianles —
Adams 112
American 147
United States ; 4g
Wells Farffi /127
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil «<>;
KlO American •'•■Hem OH prefd 954 \
....... American Malting , 124 <
....'... American Malting prefd ' 4iV 1
1C» American Smelting I Ret 304 |
«10 American Smelttna; &. Kef prefd.... 87»i
;..."... v^werlcan Spirits 4 *
Amcrlcnn Spirits prefd 17 "
600 American Su-el H.jop 43 !
Amirlran Steel How prefd n-14
IS.SIO American Steel '. Wire ; 4s
100 American Steel & Wire prefd SB4 ;
3CO American Tin I .-»:*• 3; ,
f/Kl American Tin Plate prefd 82 !
2J.1C0 American Tobacco 117^-
American Tobacco prefd 143
4^o Anaconda Mining Co 44U
H.Ko Unx.klyn Rapid Transit mk
4.510 Colorado Fuel A Iron j;ij
5..V.5 Ccintlncntnl Tobacco 411. '
IMO Continental Tobacco prefd ' c^
'J.2W tv<l-ral Steel 551?
l.irj) FefliT.nl Steel prefd -^{T
400 G«>nprnl Electric 124*;
CM Glucose StiKar 4^*
Glucos* Sugar refd. ...'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.[ 97
640 International Paper j.y.
200 International Paper prefd gj-lz
!..■■ 1.-.;.» Gas " 77
I>K) National Biscuit 401;
National ; -cult prefd
Natl'inal 1,-a.l 2Si/
National Lead prefd io«
»no National Steel ' 4 G v
420 Natlon.il Steel prefd " 941^
New York Air Brake 140
V*) North Aemrican j»Ti
Pacific Coast noi?
Pacific Coast Ist pr-fd gj
Pacific Coast 2d prefd m
8,t3; Pacific Mall J3V
I.ICO People's Gas .m*
800 Pressed Steel Car tiu
Prersed Steel Car prefd SS«?
Pullman Palace Car 193
72T» Standard Rope & Twine 11
34,270 Buear xiiVa
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1899.
Gugar prefd 1174
2.500 Tennessee Coal * Iron 11M4
9.753 United States Leather 23\
4.347 United States Leather prefd ?9* 4
140 United Slates Rubber.. 4*;',
281 United Slates Rubber prefd 111>4
614 Western Union BS4
Republic Iron & Steel 23V*
Republic Iron a Steel prefd 6j '
. PC C * St L 74
467.900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
L" 3 la reg lOO^i Do 4s M T i
D Is reg 10$4'N T Cent lsts IKS
Do la coup IMS N J Cent gen 6a..li:«V
Do new 4t reg...12:> T 4 Carolina 6a ....117
Do new 4s c0up.. 129V Do 4s 104 .
Do old 4s ret... .11:", ! Nor Pa* lsta 113 .
Do old 4s coup. .112 V Do 3a (7
: Do fa reg .. ill Do 4a 1014
Do E» coup 11l N T, CA 8 L 45. .1074
Dlst of Col 1 68a.. Nor A W con 4*.. 82 >»
Alabama class A.. 10* Do p<*n 6s 185
Do class B 110 Or Nay lata 101
Do class C 101 Do «a 103
Do currency ....100 Or 8 Line (a 1284
Atch gen 4a SB4 >'<' r on 5s 113\
Do adj 4a 81Hi Reading Oen 45... U%
Can So 2nda lOsS Rio U West lsu.. 90S
Chea & Ohio 445.. S.V« S L * I M con Gs.llo
Do Es lie 1; SLA 8 F gen .1244
Chi A con 75...140>4,5t Paul cons 16$
Do S F deb 65. .115 Bt P. C A Pac lata 11J
Chi Term 4a 974 1 Do 6? 121
Den & R a 15t5.. ..103 |So Ry 5» 107 ,
. Do It tt% S Rope A T 65.... 87
E Term. V A G ls.lo3H]Tenn new settle-
Erie On 4a 71 ment 3s 924
F W * D C lata.. 79 Tex A Pac lsta....H4S
On Elect 6* 11» Do 2nds f- r .
G H ASA 6s 109 Union Pacific 45. .103
Do 2.ids 1094|Waba!«h lsts 1144
HA Tex Cent 55.110.5! Do 2rds 994
Do eon 6s 110 West Shore 4* ...113
lowa Ont lsts ....US'-. C«nt 15t5....'.. 71
X C. P ft «'. Ist*.. 72'4;Va Onturles 854
La new c<jn t0.. ..1N i Do deferred 6
LA X unified 45.. <"•"» Colo & So 4a $7
M. X A T Uriels . . 70 •
•.. MINING STOCKa
Cho'lar .. 27 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 12;Ophlr SS
Con Cal & Va 1 *<> Plymouth 20
Deadwood C", Quicksilver 1 BO
Gould & Curry. •■•• 55 Do prefd 750
Hale A Norcroaa.. 40 Sierra Nevada ''.
Homeetake 65 o*l Standard 173
Iron Silver CM Union Con 35
Mexican- : 45' Yellow Jacket 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . • 'Westngh Elec 41
Cull loans S4<f7"\V!s Central 20
Time loans sU^*i Dominion Coal 4$
Stocks—: : Po prefd 117
Atch Top ASF.. 22 T ; Bond*—
Do prefd 65*, Atchlson 4- 97 4
An Sugar IMS Mining Shares —
Bell Tel 353 i Adv-nture «
Boston A Albany.. tU I Alloues Mtn C 0.... 3^i
Boston L 1044 1 Atlant l " 244
Boston A Maine. ..2os ' Boston A M0nt. ...290
C H & Q mVßutte * Boston ... CO
Fitchburg prefd.. 120 ; Calumet 4 Hec!a..74O
Gen Kiev 122*; Centennial 22
Federal 5tee1....... 56 Franklin .. 16^
I >o prefd 7*4 HumlxiMt 14
M»x Central .... 124 O«<ceola 814
Old Colony ITS 4 Parrot 414
Old Dominion 254 Qulncy 120
Rubber *f,\ < X Topper 7
Union Paoiflc 47 * : Tamarack 210
Union Land ? lAVlnona 7
West Kn.l «- 'Wolverines 414
Do preld US 'Utah £i' 4
The Money Market.
NEW TORK. Nor. 15.— Money on call. easy.
at 6®S per cent; laFt loan, »; ruling rate. 7.
Prime mercantile paper. r^E.* t per cent. Ster
ling exchange firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at M *-*■'«■(?« 554 for demand and
at 14 ?li?4 SIU for sixty days; posted rates.
J4 8145452 and 4SStf4 86Vi; commercial bill;..
14 Sii^. Silver certificates. C9»;QCOo. Bar Silver.
SS»jC. Mexican dollars. 474 c.
Government bonds, steady: State bonds. In
active; railroad bondn. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balances, 3291,222,382; gold reserve,
$255,000,917.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nor. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The expected money squeeie has proved t^ be
mild. The call rate rar.fjed from 3 to 5 per
cent with fixtures at 3\. There was no bor
rowing, from the hank, and bills were steady
and Idle, holders keeping back offerings. The ■
nock market was occupied with the settle
ment. The tone was good, the war for the mo
ment being disregarded and the money outlook
being regarded as easier. Consols recovered
yesterday's decline.
Americans were weak and hesitating. New
York pelting, but Just before the close New
York came In as a strong buyer all around,
and the close in the street was buoyant. Atchl
non preferred was In demand aa well as South
ern Pacific, which touched 44V
Paris bought Spanish 4s up to K'Mi and Tin
ton to 46V Anacondas were 91 3-14.
Of gold £30.f>00 were taken for Argentina, The
week's outflow was £4: PC;.
Silver was ptrong on Continental demand.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— Consols for money,
113 11-15: do account. 103 1-16; Canadian Pacific,
97 s i; t.'nlon Pacific preferred. 7?; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 76? i «x-dlv; Atchlson, 23' 4 ;
Grand Trunk. 74; Anaconda. S4. Bar Silver,
27 l-16d. Money. . -©4 per cent.
. »
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25,813; exports, I<.r.r7. Opened weak with wheat.
, ruled moderately active and closed firm In
keeping with the favorable turn In the price of
wheat. Rye flour steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 131.3.7); exports. 47.W5.
Spot, firm; No. . red, He f. a. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 76c f. o. b. afloat spot;
1 hard Duluth, 7K'i,c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
72»Je elevator. Options opened weak, half cent
lower under unsatisfactory cables. Prices fur
ther declined He. with local liquidation quite
active. Later there was a rally of HS\c in
covering following reports of warlike attitude
of Russia; closed firm at net unchanged prices
to Vie advance. March. 75V45i75\. closed 75*;;
May, 75*»G7G l-16c. closed 76c; December, 71 5-18
G72. closed 72.
METALS— market for metals was weak
and unsettled all day, closing demoralized and
buyers Indifferent. The cable advices reported
net unchanged situation abroad, weakness and
apathy continuing. Telegraphic news from pro
ducing points was equally unfavorable. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull, with $15 25 bid
' and jr. 75 asked for March and April delivery
COPPER-l^ke dull at $17.
TIN Unsettled at $20 SCS27. <
LEAD Quiet at $4 .:'• n 624.
SPELTER— Weak and lower at $4 K#4 65.
The brokers 1 price for lead Is $4 40 nnd for
copixr $17.
COFFEE— Options closed steady and un
changed to five points, higher. Sales, 17,000
bags, including December, $*» 25<Tt5 30; January
$5 *■: March. U 4'; May. $5 .■.'>■.( r, :.:,; June. $s 65-
July. $Ti(»«i6 70; August. $5 70(^5 80; September'
$3 75*7; £5: October. $0 >-.«:■ 90. Spot nominal-
No. 7 Invoice. $6 374; No. 7 Jobbing pjs:<..'
mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, ateady; fair refining. 3 l-l«c
centrifugal, '.«". test. 4'ic; m..!a*!<eß sugar 3 9-1 6 c'
Reported sale* of 40W centrifugal nt 4'ic and
1 9000 tons Java (2 cargoes) on private term*
Refined, steady. '
BUTTER-Reeelpts. 44tS packages. Strong-
J State dairy. 17ij24c; - Weetern creamery 203
I 254 c; June creamery. 18<524c; factory. U.«i;,.
EGGS— Receipts, KG packages. Steady- un
graded Western at mark. 14910 c. '
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT
\ NEW YORK. Nov. v. evaporate 'apple.
'Common. Cff7c; prime wire tray. 7*.c- choice
S«i<tißH: fancy. SU,',,<.. Prune«.-34fj su f .'mr n "
cots-Royal. USISo; Moorpark. ir.«?Uc Peach«
— Peeled, 20ff22c; unpeeled. 7V-©IO rr » '»
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 15.-Th« decline at Liverpool
was the early factor In wheat here. December
opening at 66?»g67c. and May at 7f »:,.-« -i a de
cline of %c to Ma Liverpool opened steady on
the advance her. yesterday, but weakened on
bearish domestic statistics. Trade was dull
and early chiefly In the hand* of scalpers
though there was some buying to even up Me-
Laln Bros.' trades. Fluctuations were nar
row, silent advances being caused by buying
J>««un«t puts and small declines by prcflt-tak*
lng. TWIN the close Minneapolis 7 rea»-hed all
JU flourmllls working. Northwest mark's
were firm. December advanced sharply to 67' i
9*l\kC and May to THIS. The market eai<.-J
off on pront-taklnp. December closing «4c un.
drr yesterday, at 67K. and May He to «c lowJr
at _ nVB7l«,c. The volume of trade wan s.ifne
»h*t larrer than It has been recently,
w V or ? w was rather dull, but fairly steady.
helped by a better ahirplnc demand. There was
•ome country t>r**sure to sell. Fluctuations
£fr£..P. arTOW - t) «^* rnl^r closed unchanged to
»l'»a2lVic May cloved urn hanged, at I'Uc.
i at. wcr* dull bat sitaJy. Th«T« was an lm- I
provement In the demand and country offerings
were freer. The only Incident waa the cover-
Ing of a short line of 300.000 bushels of May.
December closed unchanged, at 224 c. May
closed unchanged, at 23V
December liquidation.' particularly" of lard,
was the feature In the provision trade. There
was little January trade. Pork, lard and ribs
opened unchanged from yesterday and closed
unchanged. The volume of business waa small
and the tone, easy In sympathy with lower hog
prices. There waa a slight Improvement in the
shipping demand. December pork closed 24c
lower, at 18 05; December lard at 2! a c under
yesterday, at $4 87, and January ribs w; lower,
at $4 SO.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 1—
December ..: «7 674 ti\ 6714
May 71 71* 19% 7U»
Corn No. 2—
December 114 Sl>i 81 31*4
January 3C«. 30», 304 S0»»
May 82H mi 32 324
Oats No. »—
December 224 2*H "V 224
May 23% M 23%, 23-,
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 8 10 110 074 074
January » 474 960 845 9 474
May 956 » 674 955 8 574
Ixird. d«w 100 lbs—
December 4 174 4 874 *&5 * 374
January 6 074 510 605 sin
May 5 224 525 6 224 '■> »
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 4 774 4 774 475 475
January 4SO 490 •■ 4 874 490
May 6 024 »06 6 024 *05
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat. (3'dCtc , No. 2 Red.
67'jffCl»ic; No. 2 Corn. 31\«32c; No. I Oats.
25Q23'»c; No. 3 White, 2440?5V4c: No. 2 Rye.
CSc; No. 2 Barley. 37g45c: No. 1 Flaxseed. J. 30;
Prime Timothy Seed. $2 4602 66; Mess Pork, per
hbl, $7 70^$ 10; Lard per 100 lbs. $4 $5©5; Short
Ribs (sides (looee). $4 75©S V; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed), |«^e; Short Clear, sides
(boxed). $5 1535 20: Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal. $1 234.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20.000 25.0T.0
Wheat, bushels 103.000 10.000
Corn, bushels 285.000 24H.000
Oats, bushels 319.000 256.000
Rye. bushels 7.000 4,000;
Barley, bushels 103.000 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creamery. Ij!jjf244c: Dairy.
14 flic; Cheese, weak. 1148'124c; Eggs, firm,
18c.
Foreign Futures.
Liverpool;
Wheat— Dec Mar. May.
Opening ESS » »* 8 10.i
1 Closing I 8 ! i 6 »'i 6 &4
: PARIS.
Wheat— -■ Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 17 40 IS 60
Clo«Hn«; 17 45 U 70
Flour — ■• '
Opening 13 30 24 60
Closing 23 45 24 75
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. 15.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool market Is excited and advancing.
The dealers and \ the smaller manufacturers
are In competition with each other In their.
eagerness to secure wools and all grades are
feeling th» Impetus of a buying movement,
which Is rapidly decreasing available stockK
here and elsewhere. A tremendous business
has been again transacted, the sales for the
last week aggregating over 16,000.000 pounds.
Large lines of fieeceß. washed and unwashed,
line and medium territory, Texas. California
and Oregon wools, a* well as foreign wools,
have been moved, in most Instances at top
figures.
Foreigners have made still further purchases
of our wools for export. The market Is so
excited that It Is not an easy matter to quote
prices, but the tendency Is upward in a most
marked manner. A wool famine la threatened
on account of the depleted stocks at home and
the reduced clip abroad.
The rul^s .if the »wk In Boston amounted to
• nds domestic and 1.474.000 pounds
foreign, i.-mklng a total of U. 317.77* pounds.
agulnst a t.»tal of 15, 404. 000 i>ounds for the pre
v|i.ur week and a total "f 7. 92".. 000 pounds for
i r--K[w.Ti<lln(t «wk lai-t y»ar. Sales since
January 1. UM, ami>unt to 300.324.r.76 ixHinds,
nxairst 114,731,010 pounds last year at thla
time.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Nov. 15.— Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were: Grapes —
Emperor, Csc@ll €5, single crates; clusters, $1 15
ft\ 70; Ferrerra, tr»«fSsc. Two cars of fruit sold.
Porter Broa. & Co.'s sales were: Grapes —
■ Cornlohons, K." i9iw. single crates.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Porter Bros. &
Co.'s sales of California fruit were: Grapes —
Cornlcnona, $1 TCa\ 40, single crates.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Xov. CATTLE— Good to choice
grades strong to 10c higher: range cattle strong
to a shade higher; butchers' stock and can
ners firm; stockern and feeders steady; active
market: good to choice. $5 6Oi@6 05; poor to
medium, $4 50®5 f.O; mixed stockera, $3fj3 75;
selected feeders, $4 2S#4 70; good to choice
cows, $3 <»■)* 60; heifers, $3 7S«f5 20; canner*.
HK»i/.u'i. bulls, $2 HO4 M: calves, JUiT; fed
Texas beeves, $4 &0&5 4 >. grass Texan steers,
J3 CV(i4 2S; Western range beeves. $4j?5 25.
UOOS Market generally •" lower. Mixed
and butchers, V. 5534 15; good to choice heavy,
$3ltflj|4 224: rough heavy. $3 7:."(j3 90; light.
$3 sf.S|4 05; bulk of Bales. $3 9504.
SHEEP— Market about tsteady. Lambs a.*
tive at steady prices; native wethers, $3 75(g>
4 60; lambs. *4'S^. 25: Western wethers, $404 60;
Western lamb", $4 !••• 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000 hogs, 38.000; sheep.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Nov. 15.— Clearlnga. $377,8«5;
balances. ITi.ffifi.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. IS.— Wheat— TTalla
Walla. SOfcLlc; valley. M^K2e. bluestem. t24c
WASHINaTON.
TACOMA. Nov. I&.— Wheat— Club, 60c; blue
stem. 62c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. IR. —Consols. 108 IS-1«; silver.
274 d; French rentes. ]iv>f Mi-. Wheat cargoes
off coant. buyers Independent operatora: onrrnr-s
'■n passage, nomlnnl and unchanged; English
country marfceta, r'art 6<l cheaper.
LIVKRPOOL, Nov. 1: Wheat dull; wheat
In I'nriK. ataady; flour In Paria. ateady; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Upiaada, 4 s 3?d.
CLOSINO.
I-IVF-RPOOU Nov. 15. -Corn apot American
mixed new. dull, 3s 44d; do old. 3s 44d. Vu
turea—November, nominal: December, quiet, Sa
." 1 ; Junuarj-, steady. 3s S*^d.
WHKAT Spot. dull. Futures— Steady; De
crniber, 5s »4d; Mar.-h. 5s 9\td; May, 6a »4d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4M
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, eight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Mexican Dollars — 4S
Fine Silver, per ounce — ts\
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHTAT The r-neral ranr* In futures waa
lower Sj.ot prices wera unchanged. Ls>cal
brokera expect a reaction, savin* that Chicago
operators are largely oversold and will ba com
j»rlle<l to Jill at an advance.
A decline at Liverpool depressed the Chicago
market, which declined, but subsequently re
covered, closing firm. Broomhall cabled from
Liverpool that large holders were realizing.
Though the market was In buyers' favor there
was no realizing pressure to sell, but buyers
held off for lower prices on account of the bear
ish new* from the Argentine. The market
looked oversold and a reaction wu looked for.
Toward the end of the session the market was
unaccountably strong and there was evidently
heavy buying somewhere.
The Salnte Anne takes for Cork *M 8 ctls,
valued at fCOT.3; Valkyrie, for Cork. 82.850 ctls
at ISI.COO.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 Ol^ffl 02V4: milling.
II Oitfl OT'.i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 22,ooo
ctls. II "'.•*»: 12.000, II «V December— iOOO.
li ■%; 6000. $1 rz\.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls. $1 094 : Jg.ooo
|1 09H. December- 2000. II 02»»: 10.000. fl 02?;.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctl«
BW: 4000. $102^: 4000. $1 02*. May— SOOO'
|110>%; 10.000, 1110; 2000. $103%. ..
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $109*4: 4000.
H • HI
LET- Spot prices art a fraction lower
and the market continues stagnant. Bu«lnes*
on call continues slack
VaT& a a tt n |«.«a! ne fake * fop Cork 42lSM CUS '
rCsTs-'J^rh 601 Brewing and Shipping grades.
»')iOs.Sc, Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal J=eyslon-9:15 clock-No sales.
Second fit Mlmi Mv sales
83c'*'w00 r M\°c nln Seealon - * mber - WOO ctls
t/tJ} M SS m mJi* m i nn B> ""' '99-3000 ctls. 824 c.
■W-J* 7>%: 110W, 7»Hc
OATS- The mark-t remains as before quoted,
being firm but dull
MmB l in£ l S? l ? : aJ?^l Jlo7Heil7H: Gray.
-Eastern is a^aln cnmlnir In. . Quota
tions remain unchanged, and th» market la
iiLiif-i terß la T Y>llw -51 05<21 07H; White.
n\% ■ k-V 21/fJSf «°='*THos per ctl.
KIK-9,' 4 ."!;|1 (,2i. P«r ctl.
BLCKWHKAT-Vuoted at »l 90«2 15 per ctU
Flour and MiUstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60t?3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. i 3 40*33 50; Oregon
f* n £^'? nßhn 8h , lns I on .- J ? 4O « 3M per bbl for extra.
J3 Kfj3 l4o for •bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine
MILLSTUFFS-Prlce. In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Oraham
Flour. $3 2: Mr 108 lbs; Rye Flour $2 7,", Rye
Meal. J2.-0; Rice Flour. 57, Commeal. »2 50-"x!
tra. V' am . Cornmeal. »3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
".roats. CO; Hominy, t3V,93'J); Buekwh-at
nour. $4^4 25: Crackid Wheat. J3 75 Fartn"
$4 50: Whule Wheat , Klour - $3 50 Rolled Oats
(barrels). #069*41; in sacks. J5 &<B6 23- Pearl
ioo r ibi v> * 5; SpIU '"' MM: Gr " n eM -' ***
Hay and Feedstuff s.
As will be seen In the first column, the stock
of Hay on hand November 1 was over 157.1V0
tons, and dealer* say that from 25 to 33 1-3 per
cent will have to be added to thin amount to
get the real stocks. An the capacity of this
market Is less than 10.000 tons per month. It
will be seen that Including the consumption of
Oakland. San Jose and the other adjacent
towns th»re will be a surplus next summer
when the new crop comes In of at least 75 000
tons. Hence th* outlook for the Hay farmer
for the next year or so Is gloomy, though some
tnlni may happen to change the situation Th«
market continue* weak, and »he frequent rains
disturb trade.
There is no chance !n Feedstuffs.
I.RAN - Ji;,:i; fo |er ton.
MIDDLING?: (19 «0 50 per ton.
FREDBTUFFS— Holie,i Barley. S1S«1« 50 per
ton: Oircak* M'Mf at th« m'll. ?26«?2T • Jobbing
527 10^23; Cocoa nut Cake. 120021; Copfmeal"
I^3 oOvti-i 50: .... ked ' ..rn, iU r a'll: Mixed Feed
$16f.0(ai7; Cottonseed Meal. }28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. SS^3 r.O for common to rood an.i
HO for Choice; Wheat ami Oat, }7 SOTiS 50- Oat
179850; ■ Barley. J>,v Alfalfa ran per ton;
Compressed S7?10 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue firm at the recent advance,
though prlct-s showed no further Chan*.- yes
terday. • • ■
BEANS— Bayos. S2 SSI?3: small White J2 y*i
3; lance While. V r.'<j2 45: Pinks. $2 ;.;.;,; 73;
Reds. S3 7:.!&4; Blackeye. $4: M 75; Butter*
nominal: Lima, $4 986; Pea, « 85^3; Red Kid
ney*. J30?3 M per ctl.
SKKOS— Brown Mustard. M*4e; Tallow Mus
tard. 4-MV...-; Flax. »2 12H; I unary. V c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape. 2493 c; Hemp. 4Y|4 1 -c; Timothy
4Q4Hc.
DRIED PKAS-Nlles. SI K^l SO: Green. SI 75
<*t\ S5 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are firmer, as the tains tend to atop
dlßKlng:. and higher prices are ark*d for rivers.
Onions are strong at the advance.
In VecetaMea, Garlic. Cucumbers and Ebb
Plant are higher.' Other : descriptions are un
clianKed.
POTATOES River Reds. SfltfMOc: Burbanks.
'f-'l?7i l c per ctl; Salinas Burba nks. Slf?l 25; Ore
■OH Burbanks, CscffSl 10: Sweet Potatoes, 75c©
the for Rivers and $121 05 for Merced.
ONIONS— 7S®sSc tt ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. t<Z?6c per lb:
String Bean)«, 4Q6c; Cabbnpe. 25*?40c: Tomatoes,
4C3SOc; Ecir Plant. Z^"c: Uri?d Okra. i:-,.:
per lb; Garlic, le: Green Peppers. 35'3S;c per
ii x; Cnrrots, !" V <?4'V p»r sack; Cacttmbei sAff
Tic; Marrowfat Squash. SSiilO per ton; Mush
rooms, tyiec per lb for choice and 4'uic for
poor.
Poultry and Game. %
Poultry stands about the same, supplies be
lnjj moderate, and the demand la fair.
Gam* ■bom no weakness and sells readily at
the steep price*.
POULTRY— Un Turkeys. WQISe for Gob
blers and 14#15c for liens; Young Turkeys, IM|
IV- : Dressed Turkeys, 15© Me; Geese, per pair
SI 30O175;. Goslings. $1 .ro<Ul. r o<Ul 75: Ducks, 14^4 59
lor old and ir-VO for younr; Hens. tiSOaj'jQ;
Tooag Roosters, 54 MQS; Old Roosters, i4GS;
Fryers, $3 5*&4;- Broilers. $3 25(53 00 for large.
JSfj 3 ?*. for small; Pigeons, $126 per dozen for
old and $1 ISO! for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $3: Mallard. SGJMO; Can
va«hack. $»m? 1!; Sprlir, M W3S; Teal $334:
Widgeon. S3fj3 50; Small Duck, J2<ff3: Dove*. SI
per dozen; Hare. SI 'J.'.al W; Rabbits. SI ISM
Gray Geese. » 86©4; White. SI 5092; Brant,
$:'il; KnKlish Snipe, 12 50 per dozen; Jack
Snipe. SI 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Ranch Ebps continue very scarce and hay»
again advanced. Fresh Butter Is unchanged,
there being plenty to go around. Chees« is in
fair supply at the old quotations. Pickled But
ter Is lower.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creamery, 24g25c; seconds.
23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 224e: rood to choice, Me; com
mon. lie.
Pickled roll. 22ff22V4e; flrkln. tic; creamery
tub. none.
Eastern— l7® l?e for ladle parked.
CHEESE Choice mild new. nuc; old. 10H9
He: Young America. UHc; Eastern. 14G15e.
EGOS— at ?T','<''- 1-.'1 -.'- for store and 400
42c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, ( j:s.- fop >..■.
It-cted, 24®2Gc for No. 1 and 3OottH« for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are slow of sale, belnir sour and
preen as yet. I.imes are lower and Lemons are
easy and quiet.
Cranberries continue to sell well at the rood
prices, but receipts are increasing again.
Fine la»« Apples rule firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Appier. 2i'T ■■• per box for common, 75cJJ$l for
good and $1 25&1 M for choice.
BERRIES Strawberries. per chest for
email and $2 5003 50 for large berries; Raspber
ries. Jli/ii per chest; Blackberries, Mot; Huck
leberries. 6i/7c per tt>; Cap* Coil Cranberries,
MM 50; Coos Ray Cranberries, 12 26 per box.
Persimmons. ..V'i/Ji p«r box.
Grapes, M^SSc per box: crates, 6.V« SSc.
Winter Pears. &oc£?}l 25 per box.
Quinces. "'•.;:.■ per box.
Pomegranates. 6>'it'hc per small box and $1 50
6"1 75 per lame box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NavaI Oranges, $3©3 75 per
box; Seedlings. $1 5n«?2 50; Grape Fruit. $1 6O«3;
I^emonn. 7ScOfl 60 for common and $2©3 50 for
good to choice; Mexican I-tmes, f3 60@4: Ra
nanas. $Ksi2 W per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50
per dor.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins.
Th* market stands about the same, both here
and in the East
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 4»ic for
40-SOs. 4Hc for 50-60's. 3\c for 60-70' %. I^c for
70-BO's. 3c for SO-90's and 2^ic for 90-100's; Apri
cots. Wo for Royals. 12V4'?16c for Moor
parks and 12t?14c for Blenheims ; Peaches. 59
6%c for Standards, fiiff6Hc for choice and 7c for
fancy: p.-e:»d Peaches. ISMMIe; Evaporated
Apples, 7(?m;c; Sun-dried. ..-.i'.»«i- per Ib: Nec
tarines. &Vifr9c per Ib for red; Jv.irs. 6'»^Bc for
quarters and SiflOc for halves; Black Figs, 3'«
3>-sc; White Flk«. 4.;6-. Bleached Plums, g@9c;
Unbleached Plums. 7©7Hc for pitted and l',c
for unoitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib, I".-, choice, Ie; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thomoson's. per Ib. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per IK Hie: choice. 7V4c; standard. 6Hc;
prime. sc: unbleached Sultanas, Cc; See<n,.,m
60-lb boxes. 6c: 2-crown loos« Muscatels. 6Vic;
3-crown. «'ic; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers.
2-crown. XI M per box: 3-crown. t\ 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12: Dehesa. $2 tO; Imperial. »3. Ail
prices are f o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. '*?'2i-4~; Walnuts. f^lOc for
standards, and IC\4«?UV»c for softsheli; Al
monds. 12J113W for paper-shell. 10@lle for soft
nnd s®6c for hardshell; Peanuts. s^iQ6»ic for
Eastern, and .'■■ for California; Brazil Nuts
7U©BHc: Filberts. ll^Sl2c; Pecans. lO^Hc'
Cucoanuts. 14 W-ffiS.
HONEY— Comb. 11H<> for bright and 10V4c for
light amber: water white extracted. 7KO7He:
llcht amber extracted. Bt»fl7c; dark. s>4c' per lb'
BEESWAX-24©26c per lb. T
Provisions.
There Is no further decline In Hams. Heavy
Bacon continues firm.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9Vic per Ib for
heavy. 9V6c for light medium. 104 c for light
12«4c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured'
Eastern susar-cured Hams, 12Hc: California
Hams, nominal; Mpss Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, 113; Family. »14: extra Prime Pork. Jl4 50
ex i^., clear ' I 1"I 1 " 50: me 8 - 116 s °: Smoked Beef!
HfiHVjC r>er lb. \
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6i^c per Ib for
compound and 7c for pur«; half-barrels pure
7V»c: 10-lb tins. Sc: 5-lb tins. >',r. """"• pure
COTTOLENE— Tierces. "S'SrTHc per lb.
Hides, _ Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
•bout lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers
llHc; medium, lie: light. 10Hc; Cowhides. 100
104 c: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 17618 c; culls and brands.
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c: Dry Calf. 18c-
Sheepskins, yearlings. 29SS5c each; short Wool,
SS4IKOe each: medium. 70990 c: long- Wool. $10
1 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large and
iim 50 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6©sHc per Ib: No.
2. Me; refined, tfiC^c; grease. Ma,
WOOL—
Fall clip— San Joaquln plains. 7S©^c: South
ern. 70 19 c; Middle County, 10©12Hc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 15{?16c; Eastern Oreicon. liyi.'ic:
Valley Oregon, IS^ISc: Northern Mountain,
free. lift lV; Northern Mountain, defective. 9ft
lie ocr Ib.
HOPS-BSIOC per Ib.
San Francisco Meat Market.
nEKF-7^7>,c per lb for Steers and «UtTc
for Cows.
VEAL— SS9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethfrs. 7c: Ewes, CHc per lb.
LAMB— S©S»ic per Ib.
PORK-Llve Heps. me for small. s>4e^Hc
for medium and ',;-.i 4 , for larsre; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs. TSJS'jc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bun, 7#7>4c: Wool
Bags, 2SS3Oc: Fnilt Bags. 6c. 6\;c and 6\c for
the three grades of white and 7Hc for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton: New Welling
ton. IS; SouthfleJd Wellington, $7 BO; Seattle, ii;
Bryant. IS: Coos Bay. If: Wallaend. %$: Scotch
; Cumberland, |9 75 In bulk and 111 25 In
«a<-ks; Pennsylvania Anthracite E**, 113: Can
nel, |» £0 per ton: Itock Springs and Castle
Gate. $9 60: Coke. 113 per ton In bulk and 115
In sacks.
SUGAH— The Western Sugar R-flnlng Com
pany quote«, t»rm» net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5J,c; Pow
dered. iSc; Candy Granulated. le; Dry Granu
lated, 47, c;4 7 ,c; Confectioners' A. 4!ie: California A
; Magnolia A. 4Hc; Extra C. 4Hc; Golden
C. 4Vc: barrels, 1 l-l«c more; half-barrels. »ic
more: boxes, He more; 60-lb bag». He more
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, hnlf-barrels. JSI- boxes
tc per lb. ...
QUICKSJLVER-The export price has been
advanced to $4; 50^46. The local price remains
at ICO per flask.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 15.
flour, qr sks 17.J2S. Pelts, bdls.... «',
Wheat, ctls 210 Hides. No \ 123
Barley, ctls 1.733 1K***, dox 6 1M)
Oats, ctls 1.042 Ralslne. x % 2 425
Corn. East. ctls.. 0)0 Sujtnr bbls l •-.
Corn, ctls .'.:-, Lime, bbls .1
Butter, ctls 11l Uny. tons. <:->: ->
Cheese, ctls in straw, tons a
Beans, sks 2.41' Brooracorn, bdl«.. 50)
Potatoes, Rks 7,719 Wool, bags IS
Onions, sks no Quicksilver, flsks 12
Shorts, sks 230 leather, rolls US
?™ n ;. ' " 1.000 Wine, gals 33.200
Middlings, sks.... Ml Brandy, gals 1270
Sugar, sks 1,140
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 10.37«IFeed. sk« 1243
Potato**, tks Wool bale* ' 20
Bran, sks.. 9IOi
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks M
THE STOCK MARKET.
Weakness In the Sugar stocks characterized
the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
Paauhau Plantation declined from $33 to $31 50
Onomea to HI and Hutchinpon to J." The
other securities were not materially changed.
Trading was. good.
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water was
lower at $97 7.v./<«7 25. and Contra Costa Water
at STs 50. Paaunaa Plantation was firmer at
$32 624532 25.
The Alaska-Mexican mine reports for the
month ending November 4 H.M tons ore
crushed, realizing fl7.m and 311 tons sulphu
r*-t>i. valued at $7175. • .. yield. 127339- ex
' penses, |U.M; average of ore, %Z 12.
The Alaska United mine reports 24.777 torn
OK crushed, yielding 139.4 M, and «7 tons sul-
I<hur<-t» raved, valued •• $13,111. Ore averaged
J2 M per ton. Gross yield, $53,564; expense* for
monui. $37,111.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 15—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
U 8 Bonds— F-/juit O L Co. 6 <5-i
4s <juar cup.. — — Mutual El Co. 14 14',
4s quar reg.... — — <> GL A H... — 4$
4s quar new... — 131l 4; Pae Gas imp — 57
3.- .?. Uar ,. COUp — — 106 par Ught Co.. 404 41
Miscellaneous— 8 F <; & L.... U\ 57t;
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 — San Fran 34 3\
C c Wat G9....10>i«4 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.1J0 — , Insurance—
F&CI Ry fix. lls — Firems Fund. 23o _
Geary-st R la. — 95 Hank Stocks—
HCI S 545.. 1074 - Anglo-. -al .. « _
L A Ry 55....105««10«4 Bank of Ca1...595 406
LA L, Co to.. 03 — Cal 8D * T.. 964 !>|
Do gntd «... 93 — First National — 245
Do gntd Cs.. — — I^, n P & A.. ..129 —
LA4 P R 55.104 — Mer Ex........ — if
Market-st to...m* - Nev .Vat 8k...1534130 :
Do Ist M I*' - 1174 brings Banks-
NCN (> R 75.U2 — Ger ■ * L...1700 —
NR of rail 65. 116 — Hum SAL, 1160
NR of Cal 55.1124114 Mut Say Bk 39 _
NPC R R 65. 101 — s F Par 1.. tM -
N I'l'Kß 65.107 101 say & L So. — M
i N Cal R R 55.112"i — Sec Say Bk.. - HO
OaL it n 55. 10$ — union T C 0. .1410 1440
Oak Tran .11l 112 Street Railroads-
Oak WCo 6s..ICS 109 California ... 119 —
Ocean S S E*..IOS4IW Geary 50 —
Oil) C Ry 65.. — 1234 Market-st ....! 82 Mv
P*Cl Ry 65. .1074 - ; Oak SL4 H. - 60
Pk &O Ky Ss.US — Presidio 20 to
Powell-st II 6s — 122 i Powder—
Sac El <;&Rss — — California m 17»
IF & N V to.U4« - X Dynamite... M n
P F A SJVSS.IISH — Giant Con Co.. BJ4 g9%
BRy of Cal 6«.ICSVi — Vlg..rlt 2', 3'!
SPof Ats.... — 114 ; Sugar—
SP C 6s(l!>©s). - 111 liana P C 0.... 10 10H
8P C 6snWXS).UI — Haw C&S?Co 94 95
B P C 6s(lDl2).llS\i — Honokaa 8 Co. 33\ 344 '
SPCIs eg sn. — — Hutch S P Co. 27 274
Rrnr Cs 123 — Kllauea S Co.. 254 M
S V Wat 65....114 V; — Makawell SCo 45 474
F V Wat 45. ...103 — Onomea * Co.. — 364
B V W4fc(3dm).lol';io2 Paauhau S Co. 32\i 3">,
Stktn dm, 65. . — — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. — 11*4
Contra Co*ta.. 7S>4 7S4|Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln C<-<utity. CO — . Oceanic s Co.. 92 924
Spring Vairty. 97\; 974 Pae A F A.... IS —
Orb an.l Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. 14 —
Cent L. A P.... < 7 I
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 117 M
10 California Safe Deposit 96 SO
1.". California Rife Deposit 95 50
200 Contra Costa Water 79 00
10 Haivallnn Commercial A Sugar 95 00
1M Hutchlnson P P Co ?7 00
100 Oncmea Sugar Co 35 25
£5 Onomea Sugnr Co »< <v>
LO Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 33 00
[ 50 Paauhau Sujrar Plantation Co 22 73
1 110 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 32 50
100 Panuhau Sugar Plantation Co 32 no
f.O Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 31 50
470 Panuhau Sua-ar Plantation Co 22 25
173 S r Gas A Electric Co J7 00
110 Spring Valley Water 98 00
'•<> Vli." rit Powder 3 00
$4000 Northern Railway of Cal Ss b0nd5.. .113 00
Street—
20 liana Plantation Co 10 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Contra Costa Water 73 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar. ... 95 00
25 Honokaa 34 lV )
110 Hutchlnson P P Co 27 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co .[, <*•» <»5
!'■« Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co ."." 33 «;4
50 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co  32 : ,o
2C5 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 3: 374
UN Paquhau Sugar Plantation Co 3' 25
$5000 Oceanic S S Bonds 108 7-,
135 s X Gaslight V.'.'! 350
25 Spring Valley Water \ »7 75
7 Spring Valley Water 97 371;
10 Spring Valley Water 97 23
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas « jjti
20 Giant Powder '.'.'."'.'. 90 00
20 Olant Powder — 59 .;■
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 25
200 Paauhau Sugar Plantation C 0..'.'.'.'.. 33 '•S
60 Onomea Sugar Co 38 iju 1
10 Spring Valley Water 97 <pt!
150 Vlgorit Powder 3 12' i
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
TO Contra Costa Water 7? 00
20 Contra Costa Water 79 nit
100 Equitable Gm .'." « iji,
23 Giant Powder •} 75
30 Gfant Powder !O «*4
10 Giant Powder ! 89 50
4" Hutchlnson 8 P Co 24 »74
' •■ Onomea Sugar Co SS 75
20 men Sugar Co 3."> 1>74
M Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 32 CO
.'.'> Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 31 t74
10 Spring Valley Water 97 75
J2OOO Cnlifomla-*t Cable r,, 117 50
THE CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Tidal Wave j »*,
VO San Joaqtiin O A D Co 90
2CO Barker Ranch 1 \i\
300 Century Oil Co 70
Street
100 Tfdul Wave J 25
SCO Oakland OH A Gas Co 40
100 Century Oil Co 70
Afternoon Session.
• Board—
300 Tidal Wave. 2 20
800 Century Oil Co 75
PRODUCERS' OII%:XCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 New Hope 1 05
200 Petroleum Center 3D
100 San Luis '• 5 374
25 Shamrock 2 *5
Street—
100 Shamrock 225 '
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose 25 00 • |
AUCTION SALES
ft% £& 5a
AUCTION SALE
OF
40 HEAD OF TROITiNG-BRED MARES
AND GELDINGS.
Blred by Hawthorne, Campaign. Moses B.
Henry Thome. Cal Lambert and other well-
known Hire*, and out of standard-bred mare*.
The property of HON. W. A- SiUPPEE. Nel-
son. Butte Co.
TO BE SOLD
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, November 16, 1899.
at 11 a m . at
Salesyard cor. MARKET and VAN XT.SS AVB.
Horses at yard November 11.
CHASF. A MEXHEVH » I
(Successors to Kllllp A Co.).
Llrrstock Auctioneers.
1-18 Home Oil Co ««)W
2-10 Horn* Oil Co COO CO
100 New Hope - 1 "0
3CO Petroleum <>nt«r *>
200 San Luis IS»H
MINI NO STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stuck Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alt* CJi 100 Ophlr 1 M
200 Andea 18 ! — Overman 13
100 HHch-r Xi 210 Pot Ml 14
i*< Best «■ Belter CO. DO V ■ ■*> 13
100 Beat & Belcher, til •" > Favax» 1'
1130 Con (VI .1 Va..l 55; IV S-k Belcher C*
300 Con Imperial... 0?; «M Sierra Nerada. M
200 Crown Point... 13i I 1*)I 1 *) S-"t«rrra Nevada. 47
100 Gould A Curry. 27 f W0 I.'nlon Con *
K») Hale it Norcra. 4* ICO I.'nlon Con ... S3
100 Hale A Norcra. 41 3-00 I'tah .....!•
7*> Mexican 55 1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Ophlr 1 lii MO Yellow Jackat.. 2i
Afternoon Session.
410 Belch»r M WO Ophlr »1
«<*> Beat A Belcher. 41 2TO Ophlr V
SCO Con Cal A Vi I 41 TOO ophlr H
190 Gould A Cur- 2"! TOO Overman 13
200 Justice CJ Lf<o Potoal 13
4*o Mexican 42. 100 Sierra Nevada. <>
I •' Mexican 43' l"0 Sierra Nevada. 41
ROO Mexican 41! I'M) Union Con TI
200 Ophlr 1 >">, SCO Union Con 31
200 Ophlr M Ml Utah »
Following were the tales In the Pacific Stock
exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 And»» 15; 200 Mexican 4?
1000 Bolcher 3t 100 Orhlr n
200 Belcher 33 MO Ophtr »l
200 Belcher 31 2CO Ophlr 1 tn
1000 Bullion 07| 200 Ophlr 1 M<-i
WO Caledonia tS 1100 Ophlr 10*
900 Con Cal & V...1 MtW Ophlr 1 07^
300 Con Cal A V..1 C2M,'1200 Ophlr 1 I»
ISO Con i'«l A V...1 w IZV) Ophlr 1 ITS
100 Con Cal A V...1 4St «*> Ophlr 1 13
600 Crown Point... 13 1 S<>o Ophlr 1 ITH
2t«> Gould & Curry. 27| 20<> Overman 1*
1200 GouM & Curry. V.\ V* Potosl H
900 Gou!d A Curry. 2.', 100 Potosl 32
300 Hale A Norcra. S?| 2«» Poto«l II
600 Mexican 6", MO Kavax» H
1400 Mexican r: HO Sava«r« IT
VOO Mexican IZ M 0 Sierra Nevada. .'3
&*> Mexican S4 3W Sierra Nevada. 41
2"0 Mexican Kit MO Sierra Nevada. 41
iw> Mexican CO 2») Sierra Nevada. 4*
200 Mexican 41 «"O Sierra Nevada, 4i
2'iO Mexican IS Ml Utah »
2W Mexican 4(1
Afternoon Session.
W> Andes Ml 200 3 ->u 14 A Curry. 21
300 Belcher 30 JOu Mexican 43
W0 Belcher T>\ TOO Mexican ... V.
200 Belcher 231 CuO Mexican 41
Vid Beat & IX'l'.t. 41 tCO Mexican 41
tO Bent & BeSclier. 43 SCO Ophlr .... 1 CO
too Bullion f* ; 800 Ophlr »7
100 Caledonia .. !£ 2O» Ophlr JS
300 Chollnr 23 400 Ophlr n
200 Chollar 22 200 Ophtr 9€
100 Con i-.al A V...1 43! 2» Overman Is
CO-) Con Cal ft V..1 42',! 200 Potoul .... 19
200 Con Cal ft V...1 40 1 2'» Hejf Belcher (A
400 Crown Point... 12' «T0 Sierra Nevada.. 4:
300 Crown Point... \l 1^) Sierra Nevada.. 41
ZM GoutJ & Curry. 23 ■■•> Union Con 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNrFTDAT. November 15— p. m.
UL! A-k U.l.Wr.
Alpha 03 M Kenturk 01 C 3
Alta 01 03 Ijidy Wash ■ — f«
And»a 12 IS Mexican 42 13
Belcher 23 31 Occidental U —
Best A Belcher. 41 42 Ophlr »7 31
Bullion W fl7 Overman 15 1«
Caledonia "« d) Potosl W 21
Chollar 21 23 Strata 18 it
Challenge Con.. 21 24 Scorpion OS —
Confidence SO TO See Belcher <H 0*
Con <«1 A Va..l 35 1 40. Sierra Nevada. 40 4?
Con Imperial... 01 tc Silver Hill — 03
Cr6wn Point... 11 13 St Louis — 0«
Exchequer — C 2 StanflarJ t M —
Gould * Curry. 22 23, Syndicate — 04
Hale A Norcra. 35 SSlUnloa Con » T.I
Julia — 02, Utah * «"»
Justlct 02 04' Yellow Jacket.. 20 23
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Btates Co*ut and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Rica and l»w
Waters a Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco nay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MJ.«!ilon-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Kort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY". NOVEMPFIR U.
Sun rises Ml
Hun sets «:C7
Mi*>n sets iM a. m.
— nm*! IBM I ■ irn«i . .i::<-
p 1 Ft. ' Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L. V.' mWJ L. W 1H w
:T7.. 1:31 M »:54 «.C 4:4o!— •.§ 11:17 ~TS
17... 4:15 2« 1031 t.i 5:32—1.1
II \V L. XV II W L. W
8 ... 0:!9 4.71 4::3 J.S 11:14 i.4 1:11 — M
is ... 1:11 4.7 6:45 J.O lt:.:« «.l 7:« -0.3
'0 ... 1:13 4.(1 «:3." S.I 12:4:1 8.7 7:4*»— OH
<l .. 3:04 4.7 7:3t 5.2 I:H| C.3 »:«!— o.J
12 ... 3:54 4.S ?:35 3.2J 2:20| 4.7 »:H O.J
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnic tlde» are given In the left
hand column and the »ucce»«lv# tlde» of th<»
day In the ord»r of occurrence aa to time. The
■••cond time column kiv the »*cond tide of
the day. the third ttme column the third t!d«
and the la»t or tixht han-1 column gives th«
la*t tide of the day. except when th»re are but
three tide*, as »ometlm«»s occur*. Th» heights
riven are In addition to the «oundlnr« on th-»
UnlteJ States Coast Surrey cbart*. except
when a minus pirn (— ) precedes the hetirht.
and then the numlier nlven l« subtracted from
the depth Riven * v the charts. The plane of
reference In the menn »f the lower low water*
Steamer Movements.
to Anntvn.
Steamer. I • From, pu.
Matteawan Tacoma j; 0T jj
Portland Portlan.l Nov' H
C.^ulll' River.. !Oray» Harbor Xot 15
Aloha |Cape Nome Nov' IS
Columbia . [Portland N - oV H
Corona -"an Dle*o %~or 1*
North Fork ■•••,» ■ • ' '• [ Nov' H
Point Arena... .. (Point Arena Snr M
(re«.-ent City..- '>— • City ' youv ov * v
H
Albion Cape Nome \ v 1*
Newport 'Seattle NovK
Hrunswlck . lOngon I'iris Nov' 14
Samoa IHumboMt Nov' U
Nippon Maru... China »nd Japan " Nov' IT
Atameda ... Sydney '...'." Nev' 17
Bristol departure Bay... """*" v o »' f
South Portland. |Coos Hay \j n J ,i
Orizaba Newport ". L-", ii
Orace D011ar.... c.rav. Harbor Soy' 1«
Walla Walla... Victoria A Pu*et Sound Nov' l"
Pomona iiumboldt Vov M
Tltanla Nan.il mo ' " »!l'u
Willamette Seattle .".'." Nov 11
Arrata Coo* nay ....;; '"* Vn«* it
Mackinaw ... Seattle .'.'.".'.'." Nov M
t'olon I'ar.ama !!!.'!' " ttr'll
Cleveland . Settle Nov' U
Santa Ro»a Si»n I)ipi>o *"**. ICov'b
Empire Coos flay ."7"* SfrT *Q
Wellington Departure nay..' " Nov *0
Newburic ...... r.rny. Harbor '.['. Sor'.Zl
btate «f Cal Portland. ... ;;;;;; Vov It
Coos Bay.. iNVwport "...7.7.7."" Nov' T*
Umatllla . . IVlrtorl.i A- Puyet Pou'n'd ! Nov! TX
'
Steamer. I Hentinatlan. 1 bail* i Her.
ft"*? 11 % if * P(rt M.I.Vot. 17. M amjpier »
V;" I r hln»4Japon NVv IT. 1 pmlpJIS3
Aberdeen ... Portland .v nv . 17. 1 pml
Wetott .... HumboMt Nov. 17. 5 pm 1 Pier 13
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports. Nov. 17. WamiPlerM
}; oro "* «" C .,.. Nov. Is. Uam'pk«r ll
i" Juan .. 1-anarr , l.Vov. 18, 12 nIPIISd
it Arena..^Polnt Arena.. Nov. I. 2 pnalPler ]
! ' M - S
...quill. Uv.r.rayfi JUrborlNov. 11. B pin!
rn°in t mKr orklI lumbol ' lt Nov. 13. SamjPler i
tolumbta ..Pcrtluml |nn O v. IX 1? ami Pier St
Orlznha .. "umholilt Nov. 1M") am P:«r *
(irlznha .....Newport I.V.>v. JO. »nm|pierll
A^" 1 ' 1 {"?°* I!ay ' Nov - :i> - l*>am!PlerU
K.r."V- umbo|llt Nov. ». SpmPler »
IS'lP 3 - uinW * Nov. 3>. 4pmlter 2
»i ;, «l lar - (Srmya »»'»»' Nov. n. « ptn
Ptate of Cal Portland Nov. ;t. 10 amlrier Xt
Continued on Page 10.Alameda
REAPED BENEFIT OF
BARNABEE'S ADVICE
OH tho Oakland young lady
whose marx-tlous voice was dlsrovered by Henry Darr.abee. tho cele
brated sincor of the Hostonlan?, while in this city a year a«o. has Just
r.turr:«-d with her mother fr-ri h«.-r trip to New Yoik ar.d Europe.
vrfacrc'she worn to study, it ws at Mr. Barnabee'a s-jpgf stioti that the
yo'ir.c lady> rolce w.->.s cultivated: he remarking that for purity. volume and
register there won- not hair a dozen rupcrlor voices In !hc world to-dny.
Mifp Outli-ault hn* h:id the benefit of tuition during tho pa*t year of the
very i>«>m master* In voice outturn and the *ft>ot ha? bt-pn to raatly improve
that which before v.:«s considered nearly perfect. Tht- your;; lady's taste?
Ifad her toward :b»» operatic or dramatic stiip.-. and as she is possessed of a
charming prem : <■• . khe will no d^ubt soon be added to the lorg itet of success
ft:l :: Ictr»*fM1 ctr»*fM s tha; have come from thl« city.
METCALF WOULD
LIKE WHARF IN
WEST OAKLAND
expresses Doubt of
Bond Issue.
♦ - ■
Osk'.nr.f". Offlce Fan Francisco Call,
:•»)* Broadway, N<»v. 15.
Ccr.F"cr-n-ar. . I'.-iralf limb promised the'
West Or.klar.fl Improvement -Club to as-
Bin It !:. ;.-<« -.jrir.K the projected |
r.htrrr* r.t V.'i-r: Oakland. In discussing j
the ~.n: <r t«*orc the olub lie snld that j
t:.c cc:r./lrt'o;-. ef a wharf would m»-an I
tr-plc; r» -rr.t f< r ■ pr«at number of men.
Rec&rifhs ;Jic bond proi>ositlnn Mr. Met
ia'." rpek.- :-.- follow*:
I la; c a<uxi>S held that the west shore
v -u9 :h»* preper place f<>r a wharf. It Is
- cr.ly proper jilnre for it. Aa far as ;
live Govtrr.rr;< ■:.; is concerned, Ido not 1<»-- \
licve there will 1 c any opposition to It. j
The cr*.>-..:;'..: ..f ihe wharf will n-u int. r- ;
fire In a:;v way with marine shipping.
"It. ttn jfi:rs i rxp«ct t<> sm- the popu- :
latlcn of thin city doubled. Th>- wharf ,
tvcuJ<2 ccrtalr.ly be h great thing for the '
city. It l»'Of r&nunount Importance to i
tccurc ihe wharf. I hay«- l»«»n here twen- !
ty years nnd I have, never .*o< n any big!
Improvement i« p n butwhm Itwaa defeat
ed by ;-ctty fed::.?'*. I do not believe you ]
v,::i ficocr':. i'.<.\v<vtr. liy liomllnir the
dir- I crn afra.'d the measura will fall '
t^rct;sh. Ido r.ot *=»c how so many it« ms •
ran be embodied in one im :<*ur<- "an«l be j
retried. Tea are -.v< rklng In th^ rii^ht «ll- '
rcct!cr. hcviTv.r. nu«l should keep up tin
peed work. In th* «n<l you n r » bound to '
iccca:rh"h BosscthlnK. I would l,k<» u> i
t^c the rrfit^t rnrried out BUCCessfUllyj
ard nm v.illlng to srlve rv«'ry assist :tnr.» •
In rr.y rewcr. I think '.Mkland has a
!:rlcht future. I hav> not paid i>articul"r
attention to the bend question other than j
what I bave rea;l. t<ut judging from that
1 am afraid ;!;*• miller cannot b«- c;irrled. ,
Whatever 1s done must be done by con- |
cc-rted r.ctlca."
SUCCESSFUL OPENING OF
ST. COLUirfBA'S FAiR
n
■
■ ■
-
Alii:, >' w% Not*s.
AI.AMEPA. Nov. 13.— The Kir*'* Dauffh
t-rs of the Fim Mcthod'.st Church pave
ti-r. rnjoynblc fcorial la«t even'.ng In the
church pnrlors. An <*xcr!l«nt murlcal and
literary programme v.-as r«-n«Vred. \*vlne
f< I'.owrd by the dispensing of dainty re
1:r jhjn^ntH.
The- funernl of Mr*. Theresa E. i.in<i#».
took x>lace at W o"r.!ook this raorn
lr.g frcm St.- Joseph's Churoh. and was
Sorfftly atttnded. uerjuleni r.iass wap <;el
tbrated by Rev. Father Folt-y. Interment
tool; place at Btl Maiy's Ccmctrry.
A basket-ball Ham is bein* organized
tnr.ong the rirls of the Alamr-tiu High
Fchool. Within a few w<fks a gamo wT;i
be played with a !>ask<*t-ball ttam from
the Stockton High School.
Honored Their President.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13. — The A'.amcda
Couaty Coa! Dralrrn' Association at it*
fj'ffular meeting presented Its prcsidi nt,
'• R. Otcood. jvith an elegant gold-headed
case. The association now embraces In
Jjj membership all the dealers of this
*-•»}'. Alaaieda. Berkeley and country
rou' n *' there being: about 100 names on the
ro..
NEWS
of the Bat Cities
EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS
AT NOTRE DAME COLLEGE
SI Dam? Col
lege, now In Its fifty-sixth year on
the Pacifip Const und norrlng the
goldcr. Jubilee of its existence In Cal
ifornia, 1? an Institution In which
the people of San Jose take especial
j pride. A r.ntnlili" Improvement of the cur
' rent year Is the erection of a conserva
; tory of mupir. a beautiful structure, 33
i feet tr!de by 119 long, fronting westerly
! upon tho Grotto of I_ourd«s and connect
■ ed with the cast wing of tho college build
| lr.g.
The conservatory In of brick, two stories
! In height and cortc'ns forty-one roomß,
1 the lower story being devoted to the
I piano, the old and the Janko keyboards,
rooms for ensemble prartlceand for les-
Icons in harmony, while the upper story Is
set apart for singing and stringed lnstru-
I merits, as harp, violin, zither, guitar, mai;
| dolin. etc. The north end of the upper
METEOR SHOWERS
DISAPPOINT ASTRONOMERS
Austria the Only Place Where Satis- j
factory Observations Were
Made.
LONDON Nov. 15.— London has been
padly disappointed regarding the leon-
Idaa shower. Tuesday night was foggy,
and last night was cloudy and misty. It
Is believed that no observations were
practicable anywhere in England.
From the Brussels Observatory, be
iwern 1:30 and I a. m. Wednesday nu
merous l«*on!das were visible, ranging in
brilliancy from the second to the third
degree, having in most Instances a tail
resembling a comet. At 2:30 a. m. a
globe of flrc. very bright, was seen In the
direction north-northeaat 80 degrees
above the horizon. In Austria the same
was seen from Sonnewendsteln and
Hochschneborg peaks of the Austrian
Alps. About three hundred leonlds wero ]
seen. Good photographs were secured.
M de la Vaulox. who ascended in a bal
loon from Paris, saw about a hundred on
Tuesday night. *, '* ,
BOSTON. Nov. 16.— The entire force of
observers at Harvard Observatory went
on duty at 1 o'clock and the different In
struments were net In motion ready to I
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL. THLKMJA*, JNUV JSMUJSR 16, 1H99.
OAKLAND
MYSTERY OF A
YOUNG MOTHER
AT FRUITVALE
She May Die Among
Strangers.
Oakland Ofllce Ban Francisco Call.
MS Uroadway. Nov. i."..
In a private hi use In Kast Oakland a
retlned and well-educated young lady,
whose Identity la a mystery, is at the
point' of death, ana li» nt i«- oai>e, just
two weeks old, has been adopted by a
wealthy woman, v. im>- name is also kept
secret.
About three months ago the youns lady
appeared in Oakland, saying her borne
was neur Marlposa. She is not over 2S
years old. and it is said she had been a
school teacher. Soon after arriving in
Oakland she obtained employment In the
family of Mra. Dixby, on of the most
fashionable homes on upper Kruitvale
avenue. She was exceedingly well liked
by the family, who were favorably im
pressed by her refined manners.
The young lady was very secretive
about her parent! and the locality of her
home, hut made several acquaintances,
and «raj quite popular. A few lays cro,
while visiting a .Mrs. Hanjen, she was
suddenly taken 111, and before sho couH
be removed from the house she «.:v- birth
to a robust baby boy. Since then slw> has
been critically ill. and has told a story
that throws more li(?ht on her visit to
this city. She positively refuses to alve
any information that may lead to her
Identity and, fearing the worst, she has
consented to the adoption of her baby
boy The young mother undoubtedly
holds the key to a mlsslnp-dauphter mys
tery in some portion of the State.
Struck by a Liv- Wire.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— P. J. Delehanty.
an undertaker, touched the end of a loose
wire at Twelfth and Broadway this morn
in« and received ■ severe electric shock.
Mr. Delehanty was driving on liruadway
when the wire struck the horse on tho
side, knocking It down. In order to save
the ar.lmrU Delehanty attempted to push
the wire away with his arm. but in doing
so via knocked to the ground. Neither
mun nor animal felt much effect from
the shock two hour? afterward. .
. ♦ .—. —
Both Sent to Asylum.
OAKLAND Nov. 15.— Mips Amy Hill,
the younjr woman who told such rcmark
al»!p stories to Mr and Mrs. Lcavttt, was
reei'mmt'iided to-day for commitment to
an insane asylum. She possesses an in
rlfnntion to kill people. ■ ■ ■■■..-.■
Mrs. Ida Fischer was recommended for
committment by the Lunacy Commission
ers this morning. Her Insanity ts de
clared to be the result of a surnlcal opera
tion performed two months ngo. \. .".;.
■ story Is occupied by a lofty and spacious
art studio, with Its adjoining ceramic de
partment, both wo« 1 rfuliy lighted and
perfectly equipped. Every window olr nes
a lovely landscape of garden or grotto.
' shady avenue or orchard walk and trel-
I Kfed vine.
The whole building is beautifully nn
' lihed In Oregon and sugar pine, and from
floor to ceiling glistens l!k«- a mirror. The
partitions are of glass. Electric bells In
every classroom are connected with the
1 conservatory. The cost of the building
' was 53') ,000.
A beautiful statue of St. Cecelia adorns
I a niche by tho south side entrance. It Is
1 ■ gift from the' students to their beloved
: superior. Sister Mary Bernardlne. who In
j the short seven years that she has been
1 on the coast has devoted herself unwear
1 iedly to the material. Intellectual, moral
' and spiritual comfort of the children en
i trusted to her enre. Th!« beautiful temple
to music and art Is another, monument
to her experience and foresight.
The ron«ervafry. besides mpplylng rare
advantages to the regular Students of the
catch photographs of the visitors from
Interstellar fpaces. Only a few were
caught In the cameras between 1 and 2
o'clock, but the observers stated at that
time that a «?r«-m shower might occur
at any time before 3 or 4 o'clock.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16 The astrono
mers ■• the naval observatory are keeo
lng a htrlct watch to-night for the meteoric
display expected to occur early In the
morning. Up to half-past 1 o'clock three
meteors trere observed, but this Is not an
unusual number, as they are often seen to
that extent on other nights.
CHICAGO. Nov. 16.— One faint meteor
was seen through the big telescope at
Yerkes Observatory, Williams Hay. Wls.,
at 10 p. m. It was too faint to be photo
graphed, but the astronomers took new
hope, from the sight of ever one meteor.
MADRID, Nov. 16.— The watchers at the
observatory here last night perceived one
bolide, moving from west to »ast. It did
not burst. Many shooting st: s also were
ML
•
Death of Mrs. Griswold.
OAKLAND. Nov. IS- Mr* M M. Orls
wold. mother of Georje Griswold, died
last evening at the King's Daughters-
Home In East Oakland. The deceased
was a native of Harrisburg. Pa v and was
born eighty-four years ago. For many
years she has been a member of the First
Baptist Church. The funeral will be held
to-morrow afternoon from Bessie Woods'
undertaking parlors, on Twenty-third ave
nue. ■ ■ — • •• • ••■
NEWS :
of the Bay Cities ]
WEDDED BLISS IS
PREFERABLE TO WAR
OAKLAND, Nov. —The day of the
mustering out of the Tennessee refit
ment, which Is expected w'H bo No
vember ... is the dats H ' for the
wedding of M'.ss Marion Adelaide Higglns
and Lieutenant Henry H. Eastman. On
Friday last Lieutenant Eastman returned
from the Philippines and has since ar
ranged for h's marriage, which will take
place at the beautiful home of the bride's
parents on Verr.on Heights.
The Eaatman>HltTgtna wedding will be
one of the swell events of the season, and
the invitation list will be unusually large
:i>!<l will Include quite a number of tne
lieutenant's men in th.- Tennessee regi
ment. Eva Bell, the bride'« 15-year-old
sister, and Alberta, a little sister about 7.
have been chosen as the bridesmaids, and
the younper will be chained with the duty
of caring for the wedding ring until it
reaches tlnatlqri. . ; . ■ •..; • " '.' ■
.Miss'lli^ftins.l-i raduate of Mills Col-:
college, offers a special course for tho.«e
«'.eslr!ng to devote themselves to music
under trained, talented and experienced
teachers. . .
The current year has been most prcsper
ous. The first quarter of the fall session
has ht-f-zi crowned with a full school ot
students, drawn not only from the Pacific
Coast and Islands, but oven from beyond
the Rockies, proving thnt California's cli
mate and collies have achieved a na
tional reputation.' .-
The building of the new conservatory
hns given much-needed room to the con
i ant. The old main music room ■...- been
converted Into an oratory for the board
ing pupils, A pretty altar h:is boon erect
ed. The doors and windows are maGnifl
cent specimens of Imitation stained glass,
made by the sisters themselves. Two ad
ditional parlors wore also mad.- from
rooms formerly used for musical purposes
when the conservatory wn« located in the
mnln building.
All th" improvements were planned and
carried on under the direct supervision of
Sister Mary Bernardine.
ATTEMPTED MURDER
IN WEST OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— West Oakland
yards furnished the usual attempted mur
der late to-night, though without the
hold-up accompanist. Harry Brooks had
a half of his face slashed with a large
meat knife and the would-be slayer,
George Wedge. Is at' large. The men are
employed In the commissary department
on some of the trains at the yards that
have brought soldiers to the coast.
To-night Wedge wan informed that
Brooks had reported him for running a
private liquor business on the train. This
angered wedge, who. armed with a knife
went in search of Brooks.
When ho found him he did not hesitate
a moment or Klve warning of his Inten
tion, but viciously tried to cut Brooks'
throat. Brooks dodged the blow, but the
knife inflicted a fearful gash. It entered
Just below the ear and was drawn around
the face till It reached the chin. The
wounded man was taken to Dr. Austin
Miller's office, where ten stitches wore
necessary to close the wound. The jugu
lar vein was ■ 1 .--••■ 1 by a hair's breadth.
Wedge made his escape and Is not yet
captured.
■ ♦ « — .
Java furnishes two-thirds of the
quinine.
Berkeley I
lege and Ib an accomplished and very
popular yuunn lady. She !h the daught-'r
of Mr. and Mra. Albert H. Hlggins of
Piedmont.
Lieutenant Eastman la the son of
wealthy people realdtng at Nashville.
Term., and is a nephew of Lieutenant
Commander Cleaves cf the gunboat Cush
lng. Lieutenant Eastman was specially
honored Ly Admiral Dewey when he went
to Manila, being entertained, because of
old friendship, at a dinner on board the
llußshlj). The lieutenant denies the repcrt
thai he will enter the regular army and
reside m Manila, and says that he Is only
too glad to g>-\ back to America, and de
sires no more martial experience In the
Philippine Islands.
The bride and groom will spend their
honeymoon on the roast before they go
>■> Nashville to reside.
BASKET-BALL
PLAYER LIKELY
TO LOSE AN EYE
He Was H.t by Oppo-
nent's Shoulder.
Oakland Oflice Han Francisco Call.
Ml Broadway. Nov. 15.
David Allen Clark, aged IT. of 2422 Ells
worth street, Berkeley, met with a slight
accident recently .i:* playing basket
ball at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, on Twelfth and Clay streets, that
threatens to finally result most seriously
for him.
In a game between the association bas
ketball team and the Mission basketball
lean of San Francisco Mr. Clark was op
posing a throw when he was struck full
m the left eye by the elbow of a player
on the other aide. The accident, while
moat painful, was thought at the time to
not be at all serious. Th« eye began to
■well rapidly, however, and after Mr
Clark had been taken home and medical
assistance summoned ii was found that
he was in danger of losing it This has
now become almost a certainty, for the
Injury has Increased in gravity, and it will
be three months before the attending phy
sician can state d( Inlteh the outcome of
the accident, so that the patient will be
long In suspense.
Mr. Clark's family are deeply grieved
over the unfortunate occurrence, since it
has come nt a time when he was progress
ing finely In his studios and his work He
has been taking private Instruction at
Boone B." and was to have entered the
State university In ■ year or so. He ha-<
an enviable position, too. with tho law
firm of Chickerlng. Thomas A Orogory of
Ban Francisco. and was studying law
The loss of one eye may mean the impair
ment of the other and an utter mining of
the young man's prospects and ambitions
■ ♦ .
Pilgrim's New Pastor.
OAKLAND. Nov. l.V— Rev. R. H. Sink
of Stockton will probably be the successor
of Rev. James J. Knodell at the Pilgrim
Congregational Phurch. Next Sunday
Rev. Mr. Sink will preach In East Oak
land, giving the congregation an opportu
nity to bear him. Last Sunday he an
nounced to his people In Stockton that he
had received a call and was Inclined to
accept.
Ifr Imperial Cocoa m
Ma is complecly soluble — can be made
Dl without boiling. Jnl
IS New process — all cur own. to I
Sr;j It is s : milar to, but distinctly supc- "" ]
|H rior in strength, flavor and digest. 1 I!
11 to the vary best imported brands. I/I
\\ It is FRESH. It beats the Dutch." II
Vl Costs less, 1-2 lb 30c; Ilb 60c II
y\*^ If it isn't at your grocer's make him get it. J/Jf
( $$SZ3\ D. GtiRARDELLI 0., S. F. &k^
ml $*£&%$&, toiiirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa— for
El tCc^ll^i^ll&Sf iho*e who prefer the mechanical pro- glf
«feg^rosgjS^gfr : 'P>^» At a grocers— soc a lb. Mil
ADVEBTIBEMEUTa.
Two New Brews
«4W that merit and receive
S^r^ rrgi o ? u i ar approval.
"^^^ — ' ' lC American Porter"
Wtk B^^' "~'° pint bottles ' more mild and
(v^gCS^^ refreshing than the best English brands
JP\ J^^v"^ of Porter, Stout and 'all and 'alf.
The Anheuser-Busch Dark
— a Special German Brew that is mellow, nutritious and palatable
beyond any Dark beer previously placed on the market
Made only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob,
Anhcus-r Standard, Pale Lager, Export Pale and Exquisite.
PERMIEN WAS
QUICKLY FREED
FROM PRISON
Now Has the Laugh
on His Prosecutor.
OatOand Offl< p Ran Franrlson 'all.
• - Broadway. Nov. Ift.
George R. Permian is out of Jail. His
trial last week for refusing to keep an al
leged promise of marriage to Miss Hattie
Isaacs, and which resulted in his con
viction, wan completely nullified to-<!ay
by Judge Hall and the people's prose
cutor.
Much surprise was expressed at the
verdict •<( the jury as noun as they re
turned last week, even the District At
torney Mot expecting a conviction. This
morning »J>e case was called on a motion
for a new trial. Attorney Whlttemore. on
behalf of Ptrmlen. Introduced several
affidavits relating to the character of the
fair prosecutrix. At the conclusion- of the
reading of this new evidence Judge Hall
asked Deputy District Attorney Harris if
he had .in opposition to the granting of a
now trial, and Harris replied that he
thought the defense had ample oppor
tunity to present all Its evlJence at the
trial. Julge Hall took a different view
and said that he felt Inclined to grant a
u>v, trial, even with no new affidavits
U- said that a new trial could safely and
outrht to i »• granted.
"I don't think the jury understood the
instructions I gave them." saW the court,
"although I tried to make them plain.
Thf Jury was no doubt somewhat mixed
In regard to th«» testimony given. The
complaining witness mrde statements in
this court that wore manifestly untrue.
She gave false testimony. On the stand
she unblushlnfly contradicted the state
ments she had mad- In th.- Prlice Court.
She lied. That Is all there w:is to it.
Her actions around the courtroom wre
certainly not those " a modest yor.ng
woman, although that had nothing to do
with the case on trial. Rut it has a Rood
deal to do with the discretion ol the court
In granting a new trial. I understand
that It is a very difficult matter to got
young men to come into court nnd te«Mfy
in such cases ns these «nd in such mat
ters It r requently occurs that a person
will go on the stand and perjure himself
rather than admit the truth. The Tio'lnn
for a new trial i!« granted on the ground
of newly discovered evidence."
A few minutes Inter District Attorney
Allen through hi* deputy Bia<t# a motion
to dismiss the rase against Permlen. as
he wn« confident no conviction could be
secured, rr.d it would he simply putting
the county to a uselena expense, nnd Per
mien was at or^e H'srharsr'"] from he
custody >f the PherifT
EBELL LADIES WILL
NOT KNOW DEFEAT
OAKLAND, Nov. I.'..— The r: 1 11 ladle*
met again this moraisn to proceed with
their work of raising 120.0(K> for ■ library
site, and this afternoon ■ general meetlr.R
of the Ebell Society was held, at which
further measure* ror organizing ■■:•' 100
lady canvassers were proposed. Mrs. F.
It. Glnn doFlre? It to be understood that
the work of procuring funds Is not to
devolve on the special committee alone,
i,, it "upon the v.\»\\ Society ns a
whol*, and ur°n each of its members.
As there are WO raemben" nt the v Ebell.
each lady will only be required to raise
about $35. a-« nearly IHXM was pledged by
the gentlemen before they abandoned the
echeme. _ ,
Lake Contract Awarded.
OAKLAND. Nov. IS The Bonrd of
Works thin mornlnß awarded the con
tract to Fr«'l FrtPrson for >Ir«»(Jp!nk' I.nkr
Mf rrltt of ZIO.W) cuhjr yards of mud. This
amount. It I? b«ll#v«1. will till In the en
tire marsh between Eighth and Twelfth
streets.
Closs of St. Francis Fair.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— The fair and ha
zaar of 81 Francis de Sales will close to
night. There will be in auction of Roods
i>tifl several drawlnps for valuable prizes.
The fair haH been running three weens,
and has been ■ preat success.
« ♦ ■
The 'first anniversary reception of the
St. Hilda Circle of King's I »a lighter*
will be held at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. George Miller. southwest comer
of Thirteenth and Alice streets, on Fri
day evening of this week.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In ■übarriMnf
to the Kurene Field Monument Souvenir
Fun.l f-*tih«cr!r-« any amount deal red
Subscriptions am low at $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily arttstlo volume
"FIELD FLOWERS'*
(cloth bound. s»ii). &■ ,i certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Iriok contains m s»lec-
tlon of Field's best and moot representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's g-reatcst artist* this tc> k could n<->t
have been manufactured for leas than 17
The Fund created l« iIItM* 1 equally be-
tween the family or the late Sanaa Field
and the Fund for the bulldlnc of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. A. '•'■••
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 c»»nts. '
Mention this Journal, as Adi is Inserted aa
our Contribution.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS a OItEAT IHITITIIaTfTaI INVlUultA-
tor and Nervine.*
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual OrKana of both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy tur Diseases of th* Kid.
cey» and lilnrider. Bells on It* own Merits
NAIIEIt, A I,FS & |!l(l-.NE, Agents.
S3 Market street. 8. F — <S«?r.<l for Circular
OCEAN THAVEH
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(»»- Steamer* leave Broadway
Wfcg^. wharf. Ban Francisco:
|nW3k. F ' r Alaskan port*. 10 a.
SC .^fei ■"•• NoT - *■ 7 - - 17 - *>• n,
• '* S^rSl IV ' *• rh in *» at Seattle
■BH^l Tot Victor!*. Vancouver
i i^ißggflT-ii '" C) prt Tfiwnsend. 9—
i r^**fr«S>tn* ettle. Taroma. Rrerett. An-
acortes and New Whatcom
, <M*ash.). 10 a m.. Nov. X 7.
12. 17. 23. 27: Dec. 3. and
every fifth day thereafter: chance at WeattU
tn this company's steamer* for Alaak* and
j O. S. R- : at Tacoma to ft. P. Ry.; at Van-
I couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay). I d. m.. Nov.
t. M is. 10. K. S3; Dec S. and every fifth day
thereafter.
Frr Panta Cmt. Monterer, Pan Wbkwii.
Cnyuro*. Port Hnrt->rd (Pan Lots OMi»pn>.
I Havlnta. F.int* Barbara. Ventura. Huonem*.
I c.m PeJro. East San Pedro <I>oa Ancel«^> aM
Newport. fan.. Nov. 4 I. It. 1«. 20. 24. »:
rw ; and every f.iurth day thereafter.
For San Dieco. »topp!nr only at Port Har-
I ford «P.in I.u<> Ohliipo). Santa Barbara. Port
I \jr% Amr«-ie<« and Tted^ndo il^oa Anr»tes). 11 a.
I m.. Nov. 2. I 10 14. IS. 22. 2«. SO; D-c. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fn^enada. Mardalena Bay. Han Joa« del
'-abo V«»atl»n A'tata. I.* Pax, P-^nta Rr>«a-
lls end Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
Ft further Information obtain rotnpany**
fpMer.
The rnmrtr,? ««»rr»<i the rte:ht to chance
, wlth^tit ri-«- lo'i" «ntlce. steamers, ■alltnc date*
„_ • >., lw -' •<»' I "'i-
TICKFT OrriCK— 4 New Mont«mn«rT
,tr. •• )':,l«r- Tf-itel)
GOODAL.I* r^PVTVC * CO . O.i AD«
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
«"-npi Pne*r-«treet Wharf at 10 a. m. j
r*DC *I 2 Fir** Cln«« Inclu<llmr Berth
IAnC fix Second C!us« and Meals.
rOU.'MBIA N*° v - I>. 2»
STATF. OF CALIFORNIA S«. •*
Fbort Line to Walla Wnlla. S;>okane. Butte.
H»lena and nil P"lnts In the Northwest.
Tli'oujh tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. Oen»ral A*ent.
Ctn Market street.
Onr>T>Al.l. PERKINS * CO.
St!p»rlntendrnts.
AMERICAN LINE.
rrvr tors. sormiAMPTO^. London, pahtj.
Ftopplns; at Cherbnurc. westbound.
Fr^m Vc-v Tcrk T^vrrr Wednesday. 10 a. m
Ft Pnul Nov. «|St. Iy>uls !><•. 1J
St. Ix>uls Nov. 2l'Kt. Pnul Pec. 27
St. Paul Dec. « New York Jan. J
RED STAR LINE.
New York Mi 1 Antwerp
From New York Every Wertnes.!ay, II noon.
Frle*lnn.| . Nov. »]»<en!«ir*t"n Vor. 13
pouthwarV Nov. 13, Noordland Dec «
Westernland ...Nov. 23!Frlesland Dec. IS
EMPIRE LINE.
Senttle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information reran!!n« freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its ajfenelea.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n-r of First and Bmnnan streets. 1 p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. calUn* at
Kobe (Hloso). Nnxatakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at H'<nirW"n« with stetmer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnr.
NTi'l'">N Snturday, Nor. 25
AMERICA-WARIT Thursday. Dec. 21
HONGKONO-MARU Tuesday. Jan. IS
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight nnd passage apply at company's office,
411 Market street, corner First.
W. If. AVERT. Gen-ral Air-nt.
irfjSSrklJ, vU Honolulu an 1
.•C* 5 "' 1 "^ Auckland for Sydney
©■■liiSnnll Wednesday. Nov. eatia
[t**" r# * - Sydney
i — w ..'-i-i..'.
QiS^ L* l »t •p. m
C)lCflUlJlllU 11/ , Th * ror Honolulu
r ""n;4, Wednesday. Dec. U.
' at t p. m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
San.oa. New Zenland. Australia. India. Bues.
England, etc.; k\h first class.
 v. »f«tV*eLa » OnOS.CO., m^U.. 14 Montaflmtn
Pier 7 root fie SI Freifhlo?o<*".?7 < M »«*e|s£
COMPAOMrS OSHERALE TKAIfIATLAIfTIQTI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. <3^
Palling every Thursday Instead of <?f>TS
Saturday, from November 2. ISW. at ~ '
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot <-f
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nov. l«; LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
JO: LA BRETAGNE. Pec. 7. Flrst-clasa tO
Havre. t«0 and upward: .". per cent reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre. *4S; ; per
cent t^durtl.n m round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR TNITEP STATES AND CANA-
DA. 31 Broadway (Hudson bulldlniO. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Amenta, 1
Montrrmerv iv . Pnn Frwn^Nco.
BAT AND RIVER STEAMK&S.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. j
Steamer ".Monttcello."
MOM Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:4J
a m., il'. 8: JO p. m (ex. Thur». night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. in v a m . 1
p. m. Landing nnd office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150«.
FARE .....50g
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call. MM of Market and Third streets, open
tintli 12 o'clock rvery night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
correr Clay; opon until S:S9 p. m.
SOO Hayes ftreet; open until f:3O p m.
c.29 McAllister Ftrret; open until >:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 8:C0 p. m.
IMI Mission strfft; open until 10 p. m.
r2fl MarkK Ftrect, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn. .
1% Eleventh Ftreet: rj-«en until 8 p. m.
JOyS Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twrnty-second and Ken-
tuck v Ftrocts; crwn until 9 p. m
Mill NOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 79 R. A. M.— a
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _«V-
i.VKNIN.;. 7::;o o'clock. MiFhlon Mn- jTlf
•or.ie Temple, lOCS MisKLn ft. Business. l^V x
P. M. aiid M. E. M. d.-grees. By order of the
H. P. JNO. R. lULLMAN. Sec
I^'RIC Lo.*.ge No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (THURSDAY) /k
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. FirM de- JZJZ
Free. Musons ar« lniited. By orfler of ' y
SthCjW.TM.-gl J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
\VILPEY I'ncamproent No. 25. I. O. O. «l j*
F.-Patriar. hnl dtgroe THIS (THURS-* V""
I1AY) EVENING. November I«. S\
. T. It. MOitxi:. Scribe. + -V
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the ttocliholdern of the Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany. Will be held at the office of the cora-
X>ar.>. No. 527 Market rt.. San Franclsci. Cal..
on MONDAY, the 20th day of November^
isas. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
rurjoj-e of electing a board of directors tj
»erve for the ensuing y< i ar. and the transac-
tion of FU<-h other buslr.e** as may come
t>efore the tr.e«"tl!'.g. Transfer books will close
en Tuesday. November 14 IW. at 3 o'clock
p. ra. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNI'AL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be h«-ld at the office of the
comi^ny. No. Vl' Market ST.. San Francisco.
Cal., on MONDAY, the 20th day of Novem-
ber. ISS9. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
jn:rr<*e of electing a b.iard of directors to
»erve for the ensuing year, and th« transac-
tion of euch otter burners as may come
t-efor* the meeting. Transfer b«x>k» win close
nn Tuesday. November 14. 1?99. at 2 o'clock
P. m. E. H. SHELI>ON. -tan'
FPEI'IAL meeting— A m- -:nl meeting of the
rtockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
FUC.AR roMPANV will I* held at the office
of the ccmjiany. 527 Market St.. In the City
fcr.d County of Pan Francisco. State of Call-
fcrr-la. on SATURDAY, the l«th day of No-
veir.ber. 1S?». at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pOKe of cf ntidering a proposition to dlsln-
••orpcrate the compariy.
T. H. SHET.nn\, Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAU'7~~
ADVICE free; R. W. KING. Flxth floor, Chron-
Icle buildlr.g: no advance charges; all cases;
oMat!-., mortjCMya. damages, collection's^
laokrupTcy, w:u«, etc., . drawn; .moderate
f«H-s: call <t writf.
ADVICE fre*; divorce tsw a Fpeclalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, mty at UU-. C« Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FUJOD. 931 Market 'Ft. ..opp. Mason;
ccr«u!tat'.f.n free; moderate fees..
L 8 CLARK. Emma Sprerkels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance
ADVICR free: no charge unless successful. W.
W DAVH-iFON. »;-7 Markq st.. orp. Mason.
11UYC1.K HF.I'AIHS. ! •
THOS. H. R. V A R N E X. M a7kM and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
It., in 11 ano ROOMS.
NEW family hotel; first-clasn In all appotnt-
nccrilgnt taMe. • Kj<7 California «t.. oc- 1
.'- cnpilng comer (|ipi#(*ite <Irace. Church. , :
•Hi:i.ORAVIA HOTEL." Polk aniTciay— Sun-
r.\^u:tos: bent »«*rJ; fi.r 2. US up; tinge, l.'v. I
J.AS PALM AS. ITO Market— Suite of 2 or 3
mis : private; bath: «ln. rmi. : board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— I^aree runny, front ■ rooms;
g^>oil home c.-xiktnj;: also single roims; J2O up.
A WEEK'S mwi for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
;<• 1 ;,c"«. In wrarr-er. fi-r mailing II x" •«-»r.
DOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
"WANTED m board. 2 or 3 children. Call or
adfln-ns MRS. J. l». P.. S6 Minna et.
XIKFINED. f-xpetienced nurse has a comfort-
»M.' hrnif for cMl.'.ren. f3IA CwMro tt.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FCIJOOL BOOKS lK«ight nnd exchanged
H !ni^ P.... U C... 7^4 Minion Ft., near Third.
BOOTS A.Nli MIOICS.
HOYS' shoes, rplendld %alue, sizes 9 to 134. .85 c
Children's thues. all *t;ie*. sizes. 8 to 1i...75c
Ladles' lace or button. II: men's shoes. ..H 25
I'«-.pli»> Shoe Mor>-. 13H3 Stockton, nr. Bdwy.
111 him CHANCES.
THK NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.^
*27 Majkt't M., Rooms 201 and 202
WE MAY HAVE IT: READ OUR LIST
HAR with procery wanted at once for soot
<-ifh.
FTAPLn mcrcbandlFe wanted for cash and ft*«
ami rltur pnjK-rty.
IiABDWARE stock wanted Immediately; must
1." riHxl locatloa and price right.
J^ADY or K«-iitl.-man want«-<l f.r an Interest In
«►!! '-Mablihhed. paying !.•.:,•-►..
SEVERAL goo.l 1 •..-.:.. -s chanevs In near-by
towns: you can set half interest in t-anie-
tbeg ar" nil right and thoroughly staple; no
In i,uf r«-«uirvd.
12000 TO invert., with .enicei; what can you
FT<«'K l^ots and f.hoes; go<kl nne; In near-by i
town: investigate this at once.
J'HuTOGRAPHIC busim-ns; one of the best In
the Stutf-; thin In an up-to-date plant; old es-
taMl?-r.<-<l: ran l>e had cheap. :
JiAR and billiard room In good paying hotel
no competition; <iwnc-r has other tuisiness- K^t
Information on thih one; sure If juu want a
K'>od thing.
HAVE n-vnil partle* from the East who want
rood I'Usint-Fs «p.*nings. What have you?
CASH puld !"r Maple merchandise. •
ItOAD houne wanti-d; Sonoma Co. preferred
HAVE party who •.*:■;..- to pell a half merest
in <'-ne of th* tx-Ft invf-stmt-nts in this section"
cnaape n^ldom offered. . *
Manufacturing plant— You can get the
whole at a hulf int«-rc!*t; ch^ap rent- will
Hand riow In\«-Miratiun.' ■ •■■-■
CIUM'ERY Ft.-k-Thii. Is a gfv M l one; cbeaD
rent; party ..Mlg.vl to go East; bargain. '
HEUABLE man wanted to take l.alf interest,
in paying buhlnfK>: must l>e a hustler
FAI/tfiN wsnltni-llavi- f|«it cap.h.
IK you wnnt to »ivy. n. II r rxthange a business
of any kind s<>u will dv well to call upon us;
we do not charge any commission unless we
d.< l<UKln«-bf>: you will always receive due cour-
t<*y from ♦■xt»iri«-ric.-d attendants.
NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.,
v:r Market «... rooms 201 and 201.
(XIRNER grtx-«r>' and liar; good part city; bar-
gain. S«.- co\VlN<l & pp.. K,j Market st.
JIOUSE and lot at I>uitvale to exchange for
r->oinln« hoot*. COWING & CO.. 910 Market.
CIGAR store, line location, at a bargaTiu Se«
QiUlNc; A: «"<».. »:,;. Market st. : J
PARTNER tailoring buslneps; 'c-stab.; small
partner rttirtng. Alfa Co.. *3S Market.
IIESTA I ' RA NT; well located; low"lvnt: good
trade; for sale cheap. ALFA CO.. J3i Market.
trno— FAI»ON with furnished rooms; bargain
this day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
CAPE NOME. ALASKA.
PcTKonts dejslring to w-rure passage on a first-
clans «-;.rly boat for Cap* Nome ani York at
r--a*onaMf prices can do fo by applying at
once.. AddrcFs Committee, box 2454, Call.
BAFE Investment for an active, intelligent
man: retiring partner's jnU-rrFt In genteel
t'Uf-ineMM; email cat.iial; owner called East.
Apply room A. 93i Market st.
1 125 BUYS a good t.aying Turkish baths busl- .
n^K; will t«-acli the buyer the business free
of charge. 10C Eddy »t.. room 16.
FOR »J0 In material and a little work you can
make hundreds of dollars; Investigate. Call
at 11M Mission :-t at 10 t»-day.
CANDY store; half value; cause departure; no
agents. ISI Fifth ft.
Toil aaJe— Good fruit stand: 3 living rooms-
cheap. Apply 120 Eighth st. '
TOn rale at «acrlflre; retiring from business;
whole-sale and retail (tore, *Ftabll*h*d 2(
y«-ar»; cultable for whol<-Fa)<> and retail irro-
cer>' or drug store or hotel: can be rented
1-fj'nrate; long lease If desired. GEO MON-
NIER. HiJ Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS bakery, delicacy ctor« and
•.chnol , olies; account of departure. 1334
Mission »t.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. 712 Valencia rt.
GOOD paying business and fixtures for eale at
tZ'J). Apply 70CA larkln st.
OLD ejitaMißhed bart>er sh<^p, with furniture
and 2 ch&irs; rent low. 1103 Howard «.•
CANDY store for aale; $225. JN". MALUFF.
203 becond mU ■"•' \
GR<JCERY and bar: fronting I streeu; cheap!
r? Folsoci aye. and 14 Heron,
INVENTOR of B*v«-ntl new and useful novel-
ties wishes manufacturing partner or will
•cell; principals only, til Eighth st.
»»*-OLD-ESTAHLISHnD restaurant In whole-
■ale district, nu Sunday work. Apply 228
liattery at.
FIRST-CI^ASS : 1 .eery and bar at Invoice;
twu-thlrds coBb: balance on tlraa. Inquire
box SOX Call office.
BARGAIN: corner saloon and lunch
house: good location; no agents. Inquire box
;t2S. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— 1700; CANDY factory and Ice cream parlors
on Valencia tt. : established years and doing
a good paying business: rent $15; a Fplendld
bUFlnesa olft-r. ...... O. Wllke. 906 Market.
OLD~establlshed bakery and coffee par-
lors; In choicest 1-x-atlon: doing a splendid
business; large outside trade; fullest inves-
ticatlon Folicited. Call R. G. WILKE, S»O6
Market st
$1500— SAI/X>N. near Market and Mason Fts.;
large place; fine fixtures and well stock-xl;
Fide entrance and clubrooms. R. G. WILK.E,
K>6 Market ft.
A— l3&o- HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellis
t f cheap rent: splendidly paying. Call R.
G. WILKB. 906 Market »t.
A-JCOO— BOARDING with 11 finely fur-
nished rooms; rent {33; first-daß* paying;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
R. O. WILKE. 906 Market tl.
A— tIOOO— SALOON In wholesale district; establ.
years and doir.g a good paying business; no
night or Sunday work; rent HO. Call K. G.
WILI 906 Market ft.
$500— BRANCH bakery and Etationery; Western
Addition, close to cchoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms Included; sickness of owner cause
of sale; bargain. It. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
F<iß hale— A well-paying downtown grocery
and bar: fine location; new store; low rent:
good reason for telling. Inquire WILLIAM
CLUFF CO.. Front and Pine Fts.
FOR Fale — First-class bakery doing a good
counter trade; and also ■ good route, two
horsrs and two wacuns. Address Box 394,
Call Office.
JM-HOMK bakery for sale: portable oven;
guaranteed profits 12.1 per week. Box 293. Call.
i2:.0-BAKERY: receipts 115 day. all store
trade; genuine bargain. . JONES, 865 Market.
t22'X>— HOTEL. 60 rooms; richly furnished: good
will; splendid business; grand location. E. E.
BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale In a booming town; best paying hotel
and bar; cheap; SO miles from city; death in
family. AdUreFS A. 8.. SS Crockett. CaL
' FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
, 25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. .1401
Powell Ft. ... . ■ . ■ - : ..-'•• :.'. -
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 • alar boarders;
north of Market.. Box 247. Call. office. ■:.-■. '
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. '6. 412 Sacramento Ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. Open till '9 p. m. ■-•/... ■■'■■. ;'..■ .'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements;. and
Fuh*criptions has been establ. shed al .10^6" Va-
lencia Ft. . ■•;:■: :'■-.*
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United Staten or Canada one year for 51.
. uaid :. • ■ ■
CARRIAGES AND AVAGONS. v
FINE top buggy, ujrrost new; business . buggy. .
new;, business wagons, new. ruitable for dry-
goods stores: .rocka way. MS Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons. buguieF.' carts.' harness.,
etc.. cheap. EGAX A- SON. HIT Mission Ft. ; :
100 PETS. Fecond-hand -hj>rness;. wagons, .carts.:'
burcies. surrovs and hnr«f>s. . n«n Folsnm st-. •.
CARI'ET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you- become disgusted with poor work:
wnd :to PPAI'LDING'S - Pioneer .' Carpet-
•' beating Works.. 3i3-157 Tehama Et.: .• tel. 8. 40. ;
CITY Steam Carpet l-eating Wori-si ■ G. H:f:
STEVENS, mgi 3?-40 Bth hi. : .tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,'
4r.S Stevenson *t, : : tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning C 0.. '1 8 Sutter St.;..
tel. Main 334. GEO. >V A LCOM; Proprietor. ; :
CARPETS cleaned at 3c x>er yard: laid at *c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth it.: tel. Jessie ?44.
j. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning' Co:.. 140 14th
st.: i-leanlnic, 3c per yard tel. .Mission 74 .
OONKLINS Carpet-beattajt Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. -..: • .■ . .'•...•.;
CLEANING COMI > OU.M>S.:- .. ; . y
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds ' and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Offi.-e and factory, tl P|>ei>r.»t.
• 1 \lH\ih \M> IMi SPIRIT! \l I^M
MRS. DR. CLARK. .
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted en all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery: .:- Will
»-how you how to overcome your enemleg; re-
move family troubles; n-Ftore lost affections;
un'.te the Feparatt-ft; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a jxrfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send t-tamp for circular
with special terms MRS. DR. P. CI.ARK.
2ffi Turk St., near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNE Y/S the celebrated t test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant:
sittings |1; dlncnoFls free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; Fend etamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyantrnever
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours 1:30 to 5
p. tn.. 7-10 p. m.; L.. 2'-c; G.. DOc. Cl?^ Eddy.
SIMH. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune toiler; best advice in difficult mat-
ters, h Hayes Ft., room 7. second floor.
ARNOLD & DICKSON. tests every night: 10c;
Fittings. ,r.oc;, r .0c; cards, 20c; 10 a. nL. 10 p. m. 14S
Sixth Ft., room I.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; reads your life; cradle
tograve. 50c. 11. 29 Turk, cor. Taylor, parll 25.26.
335 MCALLISTER: to-night; future revealed by
spirit j>ower; circle Fri. eve.; good hums.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. On*. McAllister: 10c. Come tkeptlcs.
EDWAP.D EA RLE. Indeiendent sFatewrlter.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. an.l Wed. evenings.
MRS. BUSH. 243 Fourth: reader of French
Norman's cards of the secrete . pales. .• ' ...
YOUR future told by cards, 25e. 102V4 Sixth st.,
I<> a. m. to S p. m. ..-.-•-..■ ..•■■.•.'
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth Ft., near Mission. ■
PROF. GEE, medium, sees and tells every-
thing; COc. fl; clr. every niglit. 2r.c. 1033 Mki
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-'
band's, picture. 2*>e; ladles. !<l4 O'FarrellsU "
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmlt-try. 2-V; truth or no pay. 114» MlKslon.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant.' card reader-
Fittings dally. 2124 Sixth Ft. : .'. ■ .... .
MMX. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. ' Fourth st.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly.
Call. 16 pages. Font to any addresn in the
' nitM Stau-s. pQFtpald. for ■• i<m- year. .. .-
'-•_^' : _.j _"''■■■ ' CLINIC. . ■*■■,"■] •/'..-■.;■•
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom;
free medical and surg. treatment: '• in 12 m'
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W, K ELL?FA^e^T^o"chlrVe^ un-
less n;..,-e«sful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
"COTTAGES WANTED. - .
WANTED— Plain, furnished house: 3 or 4 rooms,
basement, bxm. chfap, for man an<l wile by
N.iveml^r 27. Address H. de 8.. 2212 Ml^lon.
DENTISTis^-'.;,- 1:;.^:?1 :;.^:? ;: . ".'.
A-DR. T. 3. Hl', ..ins dentaT^parTorsT^
Market eL. over Cafe ZRnkand-Teeth extract-
ec without pain by the use of electricity gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from II up; other fillings from. tOc-
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 60 up; flesh colored plates from 13 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. ...-■..
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Eynol. on application to the Rums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plat«; fillings. 50c; crowns. (3 CO; plates
full set. IS; all work painless and warranted!
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Flxth st. ',
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. $03 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. yOUv OU can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plate* our specialty; gold crowns.
II 60 up; plates, extractions free, it 50 up of-
fice hours. •< a. m to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. Ml). Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, » O'Parrell it, it-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges. *4-
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
. prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; th» low-
m prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modem
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market St. -.. ■ ■
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
X vrtTT^/, I **! 0 *l«>out Pl*le. DR- H. O.
YOUNQ. U4l Polk rt. -. ■ ■. , •
MEYER— rv, ; -.- her ZJahnarxt. ( Turk: lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown ft •■ bridge '■ work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. S graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market. '
pA n i X^ ?t nt *i p parlor».. arlor ». 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set teeth. >4; crowns. |3: fillings. 28c.
LOWEST prices In a P.: work warranted 10
years. K. T. DenUsts. Tel Mission, cor. 6th.
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL., TITUKSDAT, NOVEMBER 16. 1899.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, —idles' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
SKIRTS made from 11 up; suits reasonable.
2T3 Minna st., upstairs.
DRESSES made: skirts. %l 23. MME. RAG-
GASSON. 171K Leavenworth St.
GEARY. Skirt making especially; skirts
from $1 75 up: suits from $5 up.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor A Mnffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. conducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
.W. F. Ayres. Individual Instruction in short-
li.ii..l. typing. English, penmanship and the
practical voucher system of bookkeeping.
: Life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
HBALD Business College, 24 Post St.. 8. F.:
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
ring, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her Fhorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; leFsons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. HAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st,
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining.
mech.. survey, ai.say, arch!.; day and even.;
ert. 1«64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
FRENCH;, Spanish, etc. PROF. DE FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages. 32o Post; ablest profs.
LAW schools. 827 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MEHKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome: ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
neFS College. 305 Larkln Ft., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. fith.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese, , Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Putter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— furnished
free. . 655 Clay st : phone Davis 821. ■
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main 1956. : - : .~
CHINESE and Employment Office;
J -best help. .414*4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE CHINESE Kmp. Agency; all kinds
hrlp. fiRO. OAKI SO Genry st. : tel. Qrant it.
I EMPLOYMENT; — ik« \i.i:.
; FIRST 'I. ASS chambermaid : nn.l waitress de-
plies situation; -hotel or boarding, bouse; best-
| City ! ■■: MISS 11 CULLINAN. 323 Sutler st.
FIRST-CLASS Germar. cook desires a pittia-
: :'• tu.n: also flrst-class: Swedish cook ';• best er-
;. ences;.. city or -country. MISS H. CULLI-
3^3. 1; K t e i" Ft. 7 I'liorie Mniti .■ . . '. .
: SCANDINAVIAN. -nuVse. -desire's a situation;
,:i*st of reference. "J. .' F. • CROSETT .&-. CO.. '
'■..31.6 Sutter St. ..•■..■'-•.;:•....-'. :'■ ..•.'..•'.•. .''■
SUPERIOR. Irish cook with the best of.refer-
'-. «noe wants a.. situation.' J. F. CROBETT &
• , ;..C0.,'31«r Sutter' Ft.: //■■■■■'^ '■.:■■':' ..'■'. ■;'.:.'■ ". ■ \ :'.
a YOUNG English lady (trained nurse) will
•■' .give: services two or three hours dally In re-:
.-' turn for room' and board In city; can. teach.-
1. : A'l.ire-s Y. W. C.-.A... 1221 O'Farrell .5t. '...: ;
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes situation
':•■ >.!■ -upstairs : 'girl. or seamstress .and 'waitress;
.^Amerlran' family preferred. BUS Valencia el. ;
•'■■tel.; White iCt.-l; •'-...•••••..• ■>.>. : - ■•'. y ■■'.-,,
WANTED . by two . Swedish girls; a . position as
'.- flrst-.class cook; also- one '.as waitress or sec-
. end girl. Call at 1206 Mission St.; bet. Eighth
■ . > nd :n i nth. ''••■;'''.'■■ . ■■' .. ■■• ■■'" v ■ ';• '.■ '■■■■ '.' : -" '.': .
FIRST-GLASS ..iaundrese-'and all-round woman
• desires work by. the day;' Address box 1487,'-
: , call vofflce, : : \- - ;. i ,; :•.;••■;••. ..;-.-:._ ■—...■■.
BY a-'rierrnan clrl for housework In a Fmail'
." Jarnil> v ;'E6d<t.'.iilfUn cook; no: postals."- Call'at
j'j 7f.^-.M!* : i'lpn:Ft,: ;'• .■■'•"'. ;.•.:'• . •:•."••, ■.■■-':. ■■ '-"
...NEAT /girl wishes situation to do light houses
■ work. Address Plili; Harrison st. bet. Fifth
'.■ and" Sixth. ;■ '■ •-..: ■■■■..;•:•■.' ....
COLGfRED woman wants situation; good cook;
.willing to dp email wanh; g>x>d reference.
■ I^6 Pierce st.; .ill In morning. '.•'■ ...
WOMAN with good reference wishes to do'
housework in private family at ndults. • Ad-
dress 'l?f'2 Mission st.
GERMAN American woman wishes a situation
aa working housekeeper wltn or without her
child. 1349 Park st., Alameda.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework In American family; good
cook, Call 345 Minna Ft.; wages fir..
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
housework: good cook and laundn ss. Apply
M. Ninth Ft.. Oakland.
WOMAN will take washing or sewing home or
work by dny. 2215 Mission st.
EASTERN woman wants to do rooking and
Fome washing; has good reference. 206 iith.
YOUNG Klrl wishes place to do light house-
work; tieep at home. 706 Birch aye.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
flrM-'-lass laundress; makes herself generally
useful ; best references given. Call at 12>J
Wil.ley st., near Stelner. bet. Bush and Pine.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as house-
keeper or cook for men In mining town or on
ranch. Apply room 4. 6T.2 Mission; no triflere.
SITUATION wanted by the day, washing. iron-
Ing or housecleanlne. S2S Howard st.
MAN an.l wife wish positions as cook; help
his wife: good pastry and meat cook; board-
ing-house, small restaurant. Address H., 123S
Bush St.
• WANTED— housework or take care of
children. MISS NICHOLS. 718 Valencia st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '. — .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
... subscriptions has been - established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
. tucky -ts. Open till 9 p. m. .; . . .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 109« Va-
'.- lencia Ft.. •-.-;.••. -. ' •.-"-. .
BMPLOI MINT WANTED — MALE. ■;
GARDENER and florist .'..•sires situation; gen"
tleman'aplace or nursery; competent In every
: branch; town or country: can furnish -.first-
class references as • regards character and
. fidelity. . Box 2453. Call. • .; ~ ••• ■/■■:. " ." -..
BARBER, first class. 'list came from East. j
- would like situation in first-class shop. Please
call or address 317 Stockton st. . ..'..-
.HANDY"- man wants work; understands cafe of
.-.horses, cows, garden, chickens and cooking;
' small wages. Address Handy, box 2453, Gall.
BARBER— Middleraged, strictly first class,
■ : wishes position. Address 611 Eighth st., city. ■
YOUNG man (English) wants position; private
family. Box 2452. Call. ...
MALE nurse, graduate of Bellevue ' Hospital;
. excellent testimonials, desires engagements
by day. week or month or In private family
Address HIRAM . NEWCOLHT. Red . Cross ,
• Tent, Union Square.' '' ■ " . ■••.'.. ;-' '■ ".
>.\i II.M AN— Competent man. thoroughly un-
,-dcrstands his business In all branches. Al ref-:-
. ervhe. «, sires situation. As to qualification
address. L"; 5..' 1Q22 Jackson Bt. '.■ ■ .■■ ■ ■..-.. :'.
SWEDISH married man wishes a position.-' as :
■coachman; Is a sober, reliable man;- ' Please
v call at ?S5 Market st., room IS. -V . ;•" ..'.
..WANTED— Work by- young man at window and-
' house cleaning by the day. HENRY ANDER-
; BEN. 9:2 Hush st. ' :■;-'].• ..--'•..•..••••:
'YOUNO. man wishes position In saloon where
-. he can learn to mix drinks; -has had. some
experience. Addrt«» box 2481. Call. .- "' ;.- ■;, '.
AN Al plumber wnuld like situation In city or
J country. Address box 2479. Call office..' ■■ •'
GERMAN wishes position to do light work or
as watchman. nox 2475, Call office. . -' .'. . •; i'
FRENCH polisher wishes steady employment.
J TENNETT. Postoffloe. Oakland. •;-',;■:
NEAT,, respectable old man wishes position- to
make himself generally useful ' around house
'•In exchange, for board and room. - AddresM
Florence Hotel. Ellis and Powell st*.. • room 13.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest Gentleman: 1
understands the care of horses, cows, garden:
.work; Is handy with tools and has porter ex-
".; f^l enc * : desires position. Address box 2474.
(.all.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter In wholesale house
.: or store: understands th« care of horses and
Is handy with tools: Box 1870, Call.. .' : ■•:
MAN handy with tools wishes situation as
■ ■ watchman or Janitor. Box 2460, Call office. ..
.YOUNG' man. just come from "the East wishes
S^M^^Fourff^^ Addre "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
■ received at.Call hranch office. 2200 Flllmore B t..
A ' BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
: subscriptions has been established, at the
%£?&. c o™n r t°i ff T 9 T t m ;' gcond > nd .y en -
A n , KAX( ; ( H ° S c * or Call advertisements and'
.- subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
■'. ' i<»neia st. • ' ■ - •. -. • _
. ..".'• EXCHANGE.
OOOD rentlnr Oakland property for ranches.
; J. H.EDSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
'■. iasiiiiHß^^nJßSiiflß . :.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLE, German expert optician.
1071 Market Bt.. San Francisco: exam. fr»*e
FINANCIAL.
SAVINGS bank depositors please call room 629.
Lan -it building, In reference to rate of In-
terest.
FLATS TO . LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern
improvemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 1 large rooms. -■' Ringold St.. bet.
Eighth and Ninth. Fotsom and Harrison; $S.
FOLSOM. 1744. nr. Thirteenth— sl3; sunny low-
er flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard.
HOWARD. 272*— J27 50: furnished flat: 6 rooms;
piano. Apply between 4 and 6 o'clock.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 1310 Lorkin st. Apply
at 1318 Larkln st.
PIERCE. 1336. near O'Farrell— Sunny upper flat
of 5 rooms; bath; rent $12.
SUNNY new style flat. 7 rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth st.
$20— NEW flat of 5 rooms and bath. 129 Olive
aye.. near Van Ness
6 ROOMS and bath and nil modern improve-
ments. Corner Castro .•!!.■! Twenty-second st
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLATS— Just completed; modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard: basement. 10.73 O'Farrell st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, nil sizes. $2 90:
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
- 11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range.. King Fnrnituro Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc. : highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
.. FIKKIKK.., FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. As*rakan yokes. $10 to
130. ROBT. WALLACE. US Kearny. top :loor.
HELP WANTED— AGENTS. .
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
■ • sion to a selected number, of high-grade
: agents.- We want the beat men and women
to be had: those of experience and who can
• be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
..and energetic, if good address . and . with
: ■' "gumption" and the tact to secure what they
■■ attempt; : Retired ministers, school teachers,
or ttiose outdoor itfe^Tnafce'good
. agents; regular" salary an. ; a., commission on
each order to the competent -man or woman.
••Call at agents* department.. J. C. MURPHY.
29 Chronicle building. San . Francisco, Cal.,
.agent for. the I'urtls Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa. "•.-.' ":■.; .■•■••'■' •■■■••".•.•..!:. - :
■AGENTS everywhere to sell-map Of the battle-
fields: In the Philippines: 46x.64 Inches in six
'. : colors, showing all the movements o.f. Eighth
• "Army- t<. rps. Write for. particulars- to' P, E.
LAMAR. 21 First st . San Francisco. :. -
SALESMEN wanted i to sell, the retail drug
trade. I', C, M. A.. 75 '.F100d bids.; after 4
o'clock.; ... . - -. :-. , ; '■ : ' - : - '.. ' ' .' .. .
."-. ;';• ■'. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
Ci R. HAN- & CO. PHONE "GRANT W."
"". 2 -waitresses, Nevada.Co.. $20- and tare; wait-
■ ress, Tehama Co.', $20 and fare;. chambermaids
.to wait. Tuolumne Co. and Contra Costa Co..
$20; 'chambermaid, city. ' $20; .laundress. ' $25;
' : Iroher, $25 and found, . fare' paid: : cashier,
.'. restaurant. -$7 week; 1a.!!.-' .*. talloress, $7
.' week; cook. ' private •'-' boarding-house. $30,
chambermaid to wait, city, %M. C. R. HAN-
BEN I CO., 104 Geary St. • : .
IRISH nun care of a small child. $15; 10
. BwedffJ] an.l German girls for downstairs
.work and cooking. $23; Swedish second girl,
. $20'; German second' -•!.{-■'; nurse girl. $20;
"Eft young girls to assist, me sleep home,
etc.. $12. $15. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ; .'.. '; .; :".;'.
WANTED- Cashier for restaurant. $7 and
board; 2 German cooks, $35. no wash; German
nurse, $::".; chambermaid and seamstress, $20;
German nurse and seamstress, $25; laundress,
$25; chambermaid. $20; girl for housework. $25.
country, see party at 11 a. m. ; 6 restaurant
waitresses. $4 and $5 week; cook. $30. short
1 distance; 2 German and Scandinavian second
girls, $20: German second girl, $I'>; waitress,
country hotel. $20. and lots of girls for house-
work In city and country, $20 and $25. Apply
to .1. F. CROBETT & CO., 316 Suiter st.
WANTED— Wetnuire for short distance In
country. Please apply to W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
NURSE! girl, from IS to SO years, care of 18-
months-old baby: with references; $15; apply
to-day. 233 Third aye., between Clement and
South California sta.; take Gutter or Geary-
st. cars.
EXPERIENCED vestmaker; also apprentice;
good wages. KB Natoma st.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework;
good wages. Call from 8 to 11 a. m.. 900 Ellis.
TAILORESB wanted for t.ushellng. 392 Geary
street.
NEAT young German girl to assist with light
housework; good home. i v .'.-> Kills st.
WANTED— GirI to do light housework; no
washlne;. 112 Second st.
GERMAN girl for general housework In small
family. Apply 933 Halcht st.
GIRLS on coats. DRIBCOLL, 103 Fffth st.
WAITRESS at Gl5 Valencia st.; restaurant; $15
per month and room. • : -,
WANTED" for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WA NTED— GirI to pick shrimps. Apply 642
I Clay st. . • . .." ' ... ■"-"."•'■.
WANTED— Lady piano player for country. " Call
■ from 1 tn : p. in . 217 Grant aye.,. room 2.
WANTED— Quick, tidy waitress, up to busi-
ness. In cofTee house. 6"7 Clay st. .'' -. •
LADY of refinement for paying office- position;
security required. Address box ■.'<>>'.'. Call.
GIRL to assist In housework. 916 O'Farrell
street. . -. .". ' : •■•'■ ' •'. •.•
TWO girls at the Grand Opera-house Cafe. 712
• Mission st. . . ' ' •■ - ■ ■ -.;. .. ' ■
WANTED — A girl for housework: plain cook-
Ing; wages $20. Apply 1C26 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A girl to cook in ER\all -family:
-.sleep at home. 601 Larkln Ft," •"' • . .
WANTED— Neat girl to assist with baby; must
sleep home; wages $10 per month. • 1714 Van
Ness aye.. near Sacramento st. .";. : •■ . • '
LADIES wanted throughout .the State, to sell
the Samson Corset Sirength<Mierß. Apply
.RAMSON MFG. CQ.. 420 Montgomery, rm. 20.
'.V A NTKI>— Second girl: must also -wait at
■ table. Apply 526 Grove st.. bet. 10 a. m. and
4. P. m. ' ' "■• •• .-,:.
WRITERS on short story magazine, ■ "The Ra-
ven": $37 CO In prizes. CH AS. McARTHUR,
i Oakland. : . \ -.... . ;. ••.;.••
GOOD waitress; Roeemont Restaurant. "606
i Howard st. •-.. -.'... '• -:.:\ }'• • ■ i .-_ .".-•' -.■
FIRST-CLASS halrdresseVi. who Understands,
ventilating. 24 Geary st. .. ■; .. :"': "' .;..:;':
GIRLS tollearn'to sew: . paid while learning
; ■ 723 Market st . room 351 . .;- V ;•■."',;:... .' ':-.
ANTKI. Girl about 14 years for light house-
. wi-ork. . 2CO7^ Sutter st..-- .•■;■' . :';.:-" :.'. .•
WANTED — woman for general house-
work. Apply 1437 Seventh aye. South- _•• t£
' WANTED— GirI to assist with children. .2913
Clay st. ; . " .; "■''£>:■■■■'■' .''■■['■ •:■ ," : " :
NEAT girl to assist; light housework; two arid
; baby in family; $12. .539. .'P0we1l st. ; .. : - . :
WANTEDWGIrI to assist" lii light housekeeping;
wages $3. 3S24. Army st. '■.'■■. ■:'"'".•.'.' ..',-
IF you want tn be developed as a medium call
Prof. Haley, 39 Turk. cor. Taylor, parlors 25-26. ■
GOOD hairdresser; ■ first-class : " salary to the
right one. 240 Stockton ,'st.'..-.near Po»t. ■ • '; "■•
WANTED— girl for general ■ housework:.
731 ; Green. st.. near Mason. ■;.)' '.- i...-. .' ■*
•WANTED-^ Ladles who want to : make;. $2 to $4
.'a day at home.. 472H Thirteerith St.. Oakland.
WANTEIi— Four girls for light upstairs work
and cooking. ■ Pacific St. -; : - • /.■ .. ■ " ■'.■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch, office, 2200 Kl-llmore st.
LADlES'^cloaks, suit. $1 ber. Week. Eastern
. ; Otitflttlnc Co..'. 130 S. StQ'Vton. nr 'Broadway;-.
• ..;. HELP WANTBD-MALB. : Pr^vf 1
TAILORS— First-class operator : wanted . 'for
country on ladles' tailor' suits-.; must be rapid,
. accurate, understand pressing; .good--. wages. ■
Apply to stein, SIMON & CO., s corner of
•Second anti- Market stay-, -'■-.■■ ; :■ ■.=..• ' : -. .-
MliN and women everywhere, to look : after spe- '
cial work : advancement after 26 days ; salary
.and commission;- permanent. -..Address Dept./
Xl, The Werner Company. Akron, Ohio. •"' ■ . ; ."
WANTED— IOO men to try our breakfast,
- dinner or supper; beet In. city. : 406 McAllister
at., near Polk.'.. ••. ■•- ■"•.'•.. _'.'■■ "\- ■ ■ .■■
JEW EL wanted. X!*. Bush St., room • ♦..
third floor. ;.- ..;••: .?; i"-.-':~ *'-.:.:.
BARBERS— On account of^kness will sell my
shop cheap. 427 Sap "Pablo aye.. Oakland. "
BARBER trade taught; 6 month's* course and
board for 175; no college.; . Apply Call offlce. |
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY « READY . . . . .. PHONE Mal>T5MB
pint, h., |)lo) ' nitllt and Labor Agents.
fJ2'iP. V AID to the sawmills and woods
/ lor a Uworers, no experience required, wages
JZB to $40 and found
butcher and drive wagon ..'.'.'s3o and found
harness maker J3,-, and found
►tablemen and hostlers. .$25 and $30 and round
crosscut sawyers barkers
!d5! d 5? rmen shingle packers
rnlUers. teamsters, farm hands. ...s2s and $31
chore men and boys Sl5 and $20
...""P-ERS QUARRY MEN-
10 drillers, new R. R $30 and found
** teamsters, same road
1- laborers, quarry work $52
I laborers and drillers, city work
boys to learn trades
tlemakers and ■* Icboppen ..
MURRAY * READY. 634-636 Clay st
CO ° KS . •• BEDMAKERS PORTERS
ft plain boarding bouse cooks.. ..SM and found
cooks, city and country ....$3O to $50
porter country hotel: bedmaker. city: cak»
oiik-r an.i pastry cook $50 and found
shirt polisher; piano player: cleaning boy. in-
slttutlon $13
waiters, dishwashers, etc ..........!.. .. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST
Teamsters for the Coast Road, free fare;
teamsters and laborers for the Mountain R.
"•• I?* and board; farmers for orchard work,
HO and board; woodsmen, $21 to $35. fare ad-
vanced; 2 farmers. $26 and board: milk $25;
blacksmith's helper for ■ mine. $1 7:. a day....
Hut. -her and Mtiaase-niaker. country shop.
*.>0; baker, country hotel. $40; 2 night cooks.
5v5 v and $10 a week; waiter, country hotel, $25:
assistant lunch counter man. $30 to $40; 2
dlshwaabers, $20; pantryman, $20. C. R.
HAXSEX & CO . 104 Geary at
DRIVER for a delivery wagon. $40 and found.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Man about place. $25- harness
maker, country. $2 day: stableman, country,
$25 and found: man and wife. $40 to $45. pri-
vate family; tlmberman for mine, $2 75 day;
3 miners. $2 M day; farmers: primers; cook,
boarding-house, $40; restaurant COOks; restau-
rant and lodging-house waiters, $25 and
$30, and others. J. F. CROBETT & CO., 62-S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man for candy store In
country, learn trade, etc., $12 and found and
Increase; blacksmith, to rent country shop,
good chance; 5 laborers for R. R. and lum-
ber yard, fare 'advanced, $20 and board; 2
men to clear land and chop wood, good lay-
out: farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWER * CO.. 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Protective Union— Tne only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
merit. H. Bernard, sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS hotel barber shop in the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor: must be sold For particulars call on H.
_ HCHEUNERT. 927 Market st.
WANTED— Chandelier makers . and hen.-i.
hands for brass work. Apply superintendent
.THOMAS. LAV COMPANY. 72:. Mission st.
WANTED- Experienced driver for milk wagon;
reference and security; wages $60 per month.
22C0 Point Lo.bos aye... cor. Eleventh aye.
MAN. and wife for small ranch: bouse fur-
. nished; good home, Call 7 Madison aye.. off
Harrison st.. near Fifth, a. m.
WANTED Several well-dressed men; $12 to
$.16 a week: . 916 Market. st.. room SI.-
WOODWORKER wanted at blask»mlth shop.
' -437 iFranclsco- 5t...-" :'■'••'.•.• ''. . . •
WANTED — A wheelwright used to machinery.
OIBRIEN* *■ sons. 500 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Raker to work on pies; apply early.
.2133 Fillmore Ft. : ;. "■- . V•• .. ..
BOARDING house cook;., wages $30. SW. cor.
. Bay and Webster sts. ■'. ■• . . ; •• >'.•. •
BARBER every nlcht and Sat. and Sun.; first
class, man. 1405. Polk st. . -.-...
BOOTBLACK wanted at H Broadway; barber
-. Shop. . . .: ,"
BK.DMAKER. Model Lodging House, 737 Mls-
. slon st. ■ ■ . V
WANTED— boy for light housekeep-
ing and cooking; 2 In family. 130 Powell at.
FTKST-CLABB day cook, for restaurant and
oyster house; $12 week; small place. 44 Turk.
WANTED -A night and extra waiter at 907
Kearny st. ■ ■
WANTED— Strong boy to help around stable.
1111 Harrison st.
j BARBER wants work evenings, Saturday and
I Sunday: 70 per cent. Box 2477. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Demer House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker. Apply at
C. W. R. FORD & CO.' B. 116 Butter at.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d ata.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard at.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 week* re-
quired: constant practice: expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD * CO., attor-
neys. Heam bile. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price*.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
J 200 SINGLE furnlihed rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 9.'7 Market. St., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; tree
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call Advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st. .
HOUSES. MVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
FOR sale- 1 ■ heavy Ptudebaker business top
buggy, not used much/; also light-weight track
hnrn>-r.v prices reasonable. • Apply at 1729
California St., corner Franklin. •• • ■'.-.'
FOR sale— Thirty head of good horses, suitable
for all purposes; . weight from 1200 to 1600.
67 Hermann st., near. Valencia. " '• ": ■ ;
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday;
11 o'clock, at Ormonde, Stable,.- 1517 Mission st.
S.-WATKINS. Auctioneer y . -, ;.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, bapglea,
■.carts, harness. Grand 'Arcade Horse Market;
Vt Sixth- St.; auction -sales every Wednesday.
1 I.I.IVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .'.•■; .
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
■ and 1625 Market st. : . =". between Twelfth and
■ Brady; also some fine.: matched black teams. j,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
.- 16 paces. in. wrapper. for mailing'/ $1 per year.
II >KS— LODGING— FOR SALE.
KR^E^o^t7 ; o^?rrrrrrrrr*Trrrrrrr^
■■"■••■..-.■> •".'■ Money to loan at low rates. .'•• ■'■. ':■:■■■
' 24 rooms; good; furniture; .clears.. $100 a month;
.'.a; bargain; -for $1100. ;-."^- '"■ V . ■;; ■;."•".' ; -: :. ■
$«*-23.RO<?MS:- 1 block from Market; 'clears
■ : $90 to $100 month. KIM I■• > & CO.. 224 Qeary.
$5nS-li ROOMS: near Post; : cheap: rent: fine
.. house ; clears $30. .. KRKDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
ISDO^-uVROOMS: Geary, st.;, worth $500; roust
' s.ll. a snap. KREDO & CO. •.:■■ ■' • . ■
A BOARDING and room Ing house; north Mar-
ket : cause sale, sickness. COWING A CO.,
•?."■ Market, st. .'• ' : ■■•; \. •• -;' '.'. : - : -.- :■ .. ■•:
FURNISHED bouse 37 rooms; all light rooms,
-on one. floor. . COWING ..&. CO.. 995 Market st.
■.-BOARDING .and rooming, -house: centrally 10-
.. cated; nets per month. COWING CO.,
•■..■•995 Market st. : ••.' :,',:".'■■ .■-' '.'■ ;-.'• : '.'-.■■"
29-ROOM house; north of Market; central;
;:flne furniture; low rent. .; BASILE. .3 Eddy st.
$275— *2- lOOM. house; -block from Market
St.: c. ntral: fine furniture. . BASILE. 3. Eddy. 1
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see BA-
: BILB. 3 'Eddy? St.; new cash buyer daily. ■. .
POSX-ST. lodging house; $700; snap;, clears $45
: _mcmthlyr"i6 rooms; going to Europe. MAR-
: -lON GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call building.
FIRST-CLASS: rooming house; N. Market: no
■rfas.'. offer refused. Cowing Co. k '..995 Market.
$200— WANTED, partner In good paying lodg-
•- ing-house, irr." N.w .Montgomery. St. :-.-. '.
■••;■•;■•.• : -)-.f HOtSES TO let/ .-. >'•'•..; :
A— PRINTED Hit;, houses to" let: send for clr-
cuiar. O. H. UMBSE.N » 0 .. 14 Montgomery.
A. M, SPECK ! & C6Z~M7 MARKET ST.' >
••-..:'• BOUSES. " Vt : ."-',"i FLATS " ". !
1706 Broadway. » r.560U523 Pine. 6 r '.' ' $30
..,lM4.Bush;-6r.."... .53011355 Howard. 6* r""
■:. 152 Tremont. 7.r..523,"i65S Post; 5 iw.»'.!""-ti9
. .- =3561 26th. 8 r.......521l .-< Pykeman. 4 r.' .' .' ! jis
HOUSE, hunting made easy with the". printed
•..list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELU
.- 10 Montgomery; at, •" ■■:. "•-.■..;:.■.. ".■"■'
Kl.l.is. Sunny house: Troonia: bath:- shed
. .; for, laundry; large yard j fine view $20. ' ■ .™
W|r2!(2t?tfß of KTand view; to' a small
• •■. ; -farnliy.:only.. 425 Fremont : st..- near Harrison.
=»'. > " S . IB:S TO LET — FIRXisHEa :
43>=4BAV-wixßdw house;, with furniture- • 8
_v'jV :. HOUSES WASTED. . : . •;.
WANTED for about V. months, • a' : • nVceirTur^-
nlshed «_or * room house In the. Mission. Ad-
dreas ARNOLD BROS.. Valencia and 21st,
':'■" -..•: ' •-■ ;' : :•■.'■•; ■■■';•'•"•■:'• '. :'. ".'■ '"..
HYPNOTISM. *;
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
ann clairvoyant: teaches the art. 142 Sixth
LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST— On Turk st. between Francisco H tsl
and the Owl Drug Co.. gold cuff button with
diamond setting. Reward of $10 if returned
to W. B. KEARNEY. 1123 Market st.
LOST— A suit of clothes on the road between
A. Allen. Cull Canyon, and Andrews' saloon.
Apply to BILLY METERS. Alamo. Contra
Costa County. Cal. Reward, $.".
LOST— A memorandum book. In the vicinity of
Powell and Eddy sts. Return to 32 First st.
and receive reward.
LOST— Pocket memorandum book, near R. R.
depot, or from Third to Sixth. Townsend. Re-
ward by returning name to 20 Lafayette st
corner. Minna, between Eleventh and Twelfth.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. No. 101. 79j. Sunday.
November 12. after 10 o'clock, between Steu-
art street and ferry, monogram N. A. I. on
back. Return to 367 Nineteenth st; reward.
LOST— Sunday night, at Chutes, lady's purse,
containing nugget, chain, some silver, pri-
vate papers; liberal reward Box 2452. Call.
LOST— Black. medlum-sl2ed water spaniel;
name "Nig." Reward at 1129 Valencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second anfl Ken-
tucky mi» ; open till 9 p. m •
______
>ii:i>i< IX.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies physician; consul-
tatlon free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post st. between Hyde
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 5. 7 to g.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible cart.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st. bet Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care, nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
IK POPPER, ladies- practical physician for
j 17 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5; can be sent and used at home.
318 Kearny; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1.. Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1123 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9a. m. to sp. m.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
i st.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
HOME In confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tlon free. MRS. ALLEN. 81 Van Ness aye.
DR. a. W. ODONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist 1023H Market st
DR. WONG him. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ennes of th» hwmaa body. US \t 1 1 n st.
a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call:
. 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BAJIS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
. flee furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and -hanged. 1063 Mission st.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store
.721 Market St., In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store in the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
20-MILE power U. B. regulation field glass,
coot originally $33, for $11, at UNCLE HAR-
RlS*. 15 Grant aye.
A PERFECTLY new sealskin jacket for $110:
worth $200. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
$20— ALMOST new Domestic sewing machine;
latest style attachments; complete. 711U
Filbert st. a
THREE double-barreled shotguns; English;
(Dougall-I^ng-Gates); bargain. Call 132 Sev-
. enth st. after 6 p. m.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny it., nr. Pine.
FOR SALE— Building material; 14.000 to 16.000
feet of goo.l lumber. Inquire box 2435, Call.
KINK sealskin coat for sale. Call at 1343
Howard st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers. lathes
Iron & wood; 2d hand J. BURKE. I£> Beale.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie Chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st . S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brtckdust S. It
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.; tel. Main 6086.
I HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. E locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Mark- • st. San Francisco.
CREAM of Irish setter blood: prices reason-
able. Olenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden. Oakland.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. 11. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, ■ Its, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; -Iran. l Whtte!aw,2lS Spear.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFER— New and second-hand. THE HER-
' MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento si.
US. counters, shelving. showcases bought and
sold. 'EIBEN. HIS Mission; tel. Jessie 1163.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
: .-' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED for a collection— Fifty-dollar "slugs"
; Inquire at 16 Post st. Palace of Art. E.
HAQUETTE. '..■'..
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
.: and sold;; J. Sllverman. 9H F « m. nr. «th.
:WANTED-t-Castiron:: WANTED-t-Castiron: tailor stove for four irons
104 Kearny St.: .tailor shop.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
-pillows;, send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. 611
' Un!on : st« .- -. ; : •': . ' • ■.■ • '.
..WANTED— To. hire 100 r.rst-cians scraper teams
. with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B
. ptov~. Klmhur*t. .'■ . J
: . j '■; ';":'■ ■'■]. MOSEY TO LOAN. ~~—
ANY amount on furniture, pianos without re-
moval, or any other, good security: payable
', back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
: sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us first-
£°Y, '« n i* l £ wa " ' d «Pon quietly and quickly.'
: Call 6S-69 Dpnohoe bldg. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY, respectable and private place to ob-
tain .liberal, advances on diamonds and »c— -
I ry ■*;.y i .\. 16 w * st 'rot**- : Baldwin Jewelry
gra^h^T^rd^.'^ tC —° P ' n ™'
ANY preposition; any amount; « per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
J?,°LJ5 aBe " : confidential: advice free. O.E.
OLSEN, room 16. flrst floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos :lnS° F.. Oak-
■ land or ; Alameda at lowest ' rates, without
"™° v , al: no commission: no delays. J.
c, "i NAN ' Jol7'J 017 ' to;i «3 Mission st. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. v . - : :-"•
A 22 t 5 ' a >" 1 : try all others,^ then see me: $50 to
$100,000; C per cent; Ist. 2.1 or chattel mort-
gages; estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Mark
ANY. amount at ( per cent; Ist. id and Vi mort.
(ages, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
state; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
' l«y: get my terms before doing business else-
. where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
■ON real estate. Ist Of 2nd mortgages, andVon
.-. furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
■ west' rates. -BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
-. pianos:- no .removal ;■• low rates; confidential.
■■BONELLI.' Conservatory bldg.;: 130 Powell st
AT IK Kearny. room ». a respectable and ' pri-
■ .' vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
. monds, etc.; lowest rates; take- elevator.. • ■
■CASH 'loaned- to salaried people.-' on note wlth-
: out Indorser. . lIORRELL, 609 Examiner; bid*-.
TO .salaried men; '..without'/ collateral- or In-
. dorser. 8. F. Dtscount Agency. 7 143 Phelan big.
$SopO TO 'loan on -furniture and pianos at 3 per
.'. cent WINSTON A CO.. .1626 ."Market -t .;•.■■;
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indprser. TOtTSLEY, 430 Parrott big.
' ALL.- prepositions, small or large; •' salaries';'
rents.; KLOTH.'- «0 California . St. . room T..-
A : RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
. monds. Jewelry.; W. J HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
■$50-TOsjiWoo!- lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs -
• any proposition. .' DRTDEN. 413 Montgomery-
ON furniture, pianos.'- without '- removal; '-'no:
' commission; private. LICK;. 118 McAllister, st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
: more money. see H. MURPHY. 830 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
AS we are aslllns good upright pianos for $1 "
cash and $6 per month, we asU you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are tn*
same as it purchased for alt cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and seme go.nl pianos for tt $4 *n.|
$s'per5 'per month. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO,
Kteinwav dealers, corner Kearny and dutt#r
sts San Francisco, and Thirteenth a**
Broadway. Oakland. :
ids. ,i ITTFLY the oldest and lage^l hmi««
"*** s *-'* J . *-..tttr.-l» » I'll 1 v
west of Chicago I. KOHLF.It A CIIAHK a,
28 2S and 30 OFarrell st. : pianos c.-gana »n.i
all other musical Instruments of all graJe,
and prices, terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleas« and satisfy 'be
customer^
KNAHK pianos: new s««le: n»w styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 OFwrTell »t.
ONLY a few more "special sale" pianos left at
MAUVAIS'. 7«> Maritet^st^
THE "best of the best" Is the "D^ker & Hon" :
established In I**6. Sold by MALVAIS. 7»
Market st.
"OLYMPIA" Music B->xes are bought by dm-
pie who want the test. ZENO MAUVAKS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.. sole ■gents.
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand pianos en
storage at auction prices: ch»-ap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planes: prices reduced to insure nit sale*.
W. C HAMILTON."! C 4 Port ■ rt.
FINE Fischer St Stelnway upright: Mcrlflecd.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st. .
A— UPRIGHTS. $63 up: Installments. V. 75 up;
rents. 12 up (allowed on sale > Heine. VA Ellis
W B UAtXiEH. 412 Sacramento St.. ajr>>nt f'.r
Francis Bacon on.l Hallett * Davl* pianos
WANTED : square pianos. UTKON MAL'ZY.
30S Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNITNG. 21« McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ* 14
McAllister St.. next Hlhernlw nanlc
SOHMKK. Byron Mauzy and ether pianos. J<;i
Post st.
StTPFRIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. II
Mil !en w»V>r. repairer. ? T.^fHn— pNr-
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
TAYLOR. 21. near Market— 2 large stores In a
new building. Apply to 712 Guerrero st.
EMMA SPRFCKELS building. 927 Market st-
Llrht. sunny offices $12 Ml f» t?o r-r month
oil
OIL and other lands cheap, and large oil leas**
on easy terms. Call nn J. F. BECKETT. Lar..l
Agent. Arroyo Granule. Cal.
PAL—ISTKY.
HAVE your life read without a question cr
mistake at your own h >me; engagements by
phone Larkln 1"<8. MRS L. —
Personals.
M. J. B.— Pilgrimage has tegun; flrst Install-
ment of the estate; all If necessani M
LEDERER'B Qulntonlca restores health to the
hair, 3.V- bottle; Lederer's Foumo Shampoo has
no equal; 5c pkg. G. LEDEREH 12J Stockton.
THERE la but one Leaerer, and his hairdo-ess-
Ing styles are the leaders: J.'c only; fin'
switches {1 up; beautiful light switches 1
little higher. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. CEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
JOHN L. BOONE. I Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. an.! Copyright
No. 4 utter st.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. I'atents Solicited.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. - J. 8., box 2SSS. Call.
MANILA French laundry; cleaning, dying: 642
Geary; curtains. &c up; avoid holiday rush.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, II 1 ) i'y, pan's.
PI or overcoats. $12 50; made t«> order;
samples sent to Interior, One Price Tailoring
Co.. 164t Market st. St. Nicholas Haul
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: I » rooms;
25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 '•■ to $5 per wn-k
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade ccs-
turners; make-up and wigs; country onl*r» so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Market fct.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. JewelryT
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and Inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Man. n
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools an.l
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. TOLEMAN'H. s<)« Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing an.l brte-a-
brae. H. MARKS. 209 Third St.; s«nd posta*.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. 1.
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work In all branches*
examination free* 713 Market st.. rms. 3 A 3.
PAINTING and paperhanglng; rooms |>apert<i.
$2 50 up. JENSEN A BATH. 303 Sixth St.
MRS. L. J. W.I^ELOCK has removed LsTveri>
parlors to 11*) Market st. ; phone Folsom 44«
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure r»r-
I' rs. IM Kearny st. first floor. room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT. 11R3 Mission— Cancer -jr» <
days: no knife. no caustics; references.
HI US IT IN CO., hair specialists, grow bat-
or no pay: book for stamp, i Kddr *t.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shog; books bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st . near Cal.
INCRUSTATION New Invention for china Uec.
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs tnd seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny »t.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; n» lnj»e-
tlon: guaranty It Gordln. 514 Pine. ah Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States. pn*tr*M. f.ir $1 -.•- year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC II Ill 11 -
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal an 1
prompt service; country order, our specialty;
catwlo— oe free. Cut Camera Co.. X Gem— ••
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
BY practical farmer, either dairy, stock, vine-
yard or grain ranch to rent on shares with
everything furnished. Box 2156. Call.
WANTED— For cash customers. Richmond
lots: must be bargains. C. F. MOORE. MS
Market St.. room 6. :
REAL AT — IV — FOR BALE.
AT A. M. SPECK A CO.'S for good bargains.
$138.000— New building: rents $10,000 yearly. . •
I4o,w>o— Grand Investment: rents $402.
$30.000— Stores and flats; rents $300.
$1500— Three Rat on lot 22x5* feet: near Pow-
ell St.; rents $I*. all rented: foreclosure.
$14.000— Three grand new flats; rents $115.
$14.000— Geary st . near Mason; store and lodg-
ing house. . :. .
— Three elegant new flats, near Mason
St.; rented for $142; an estate: must sell.
$127.r.«X>- Three flats; new; elegant; rents $106.
$l2.tOO— Store and flats; lot 50-foot front- half
block from Taylor and Market sts.: rents $100.
$10.500— New flats, very One: rents $35.
$9500— Masun-st. corner, with 7 Cats; renting
low for ISO.
$7200— Transfer corner; store an.l 1 fUts mort- '■■■'
gage $COO. - : •••• - ;••• ..
$7500— Three new flats: rents about $W> near
Powell and Bush sts.
... $6000— post st.; 3 flats; rents $60.
: .. J4 loo— Two elegant flats. Sutler st. ; lot 17-foot '■■•'
•front: very cheap.
$5000— California st; 1 flats; rents $45 :
.. $4500— Six nice flats; near Sixth st rents $4*.
J2ooo— Flats: rents $30. ' *^
:.srono— Two- flats; Mission; 10 rooms- rents $3); •
let ;:,xll4 feet
Other bargains, at A. M. SPECK A CO 'i Ut ;: <
Market st. ' •' ■ •
SOL GETZ ft nROTHER,
: . . ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDLVO. .
.;. HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
; New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $MO-Bunset Heights lots from Ser-
enth- to Nineteenth t aves.. teady to bulia on;
$» down, $i 0 monthly. . . . : . .
Branch J)f flee. Ninth aye., near II st Every
day and Sunday. • •• •- . .
.:.,;■:■ ••-..- • ■ ■ •■' :../■•■ ■•-..
;• $40« to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to.' $300- Ocean Boulevard lots. $G monthly.
$100 to 1 $250— Mission st. and Ocean View Jots.
$5 monthly. ■;. ;•■ , •-■• . : -.-. •
CALL FOR MAIS ANI> DIAGRAMS.
BOL getz a. brother. ':
•;; ;•-.../: room a. crqcker duildi.vo.
CHEAP— Grant aye comer. .near Suiter: must
be sold at oner. Apply A. RUEF. attorney- i
-_■ at-law. »'. Montgomery .ft: 1,..\ ■.-.'.■••. ■
$3400-MODKUN (-room .cottage on btturelntie ( j
.• str.-- -. |6t'2sjil3<); als<i : a.- large 7-room hous«
on Pierce st'..- nenr Halcht: houses built to •
suit purchaser-, easy terms.' Jntjulr* on . nv. 1
■■ tsea. JP NELSON, builder. • ■ ■ : - ■ . '
1900 FOR- new house of 5 : rooms and lot 50*100.
In Oakland; terms $200-. cash, balance $» p»r
• month, lot and house cost $1200. Inquire (vm
• HENDRICKSOX 4 C 0...01 CaM buoia.n*.i«' v ESTATE — CITY— FOB SALE.
«^j . ;
t- s' .'.:.■ i. . raurt be sold; tnake an offer; new
* !•- ;u h iure nnd 1..t :«:3xl0o; No. SN« RKh-
lasd a\e. ; cust nova: 1«-mi than !:!)■» *ill buy
tt. PHAPDrRXE. O8 Facramer.to ft.
XF y-4 hay- lots r.^rth of Colden Gate Park,
crest of Flr»t «ye.. and you wi.-h to sell them.
call en W. J. crXN. 413 Momgomery nt. _^
A Wnniv'S T>»m» for h c*nti>-Th* Weekly Call.
:< ;.ici«. In wiariT. frr tna'.'.lr.tr. l\ p*r ye^r.
BCAL ESTATE — (OIXTIIY — For >«!«•
M. GPJFTIN. 7l»^!Vrk^r7t.rnear^airbutld"-
in». Urt of cheap lands free. .
SS ACRES of cholc* frutt or early re K >*ble
land. For particulars afldrrtis P. O. box 137.
Vti»vMl». .-■
HmiMs ion llulM M I I'IM.
A BRANCH office fcr C»'.l advert lxeraent* and
rub«.rrtj>ti u n» has be*t> ehta'»:ished at the
ncithwewt comer «'f '«"u»:-.ty-peco:.d and Ken- !
tui-ky itrscts. (^pra until * p. m.
CLAY. TCI. r.ear FtUa»cre-*-5 larce unrurnl»hed
ujuxt rocm»: j ard: water; rear* rent $7.
CLASSIFIED a.v. i:>- :i.t.:s and •uhn-rlpt!or.i
recel\*d at Call t;i»n-h office. i:00 Flllmcre st.
KIKTII. SU— Forolrtied hmi«ekeepln«; ? con-
ncctlnif. T3: a!«-o h'.::£le, ti to $7.
FOI^SOM. ST.4— Sunny front ro^tn and kitchen;
dosgti; tortt: rno.lem house; prlv.; t2 M wk. j
HOWARD. JSTi-2 ruoma, furnished complete ]
frr 1: >u?eVe. ;itrc. I
LARKIN S2»— <rie«n sunny housekeeplnc apart- i
v ment!-: t'.C m j:S per month: central.
LEXINGTON aye., 3(76, near Twenty-first— Pnr-
r.lßbed Oat, complete for housekeeping.
EeWIS, H. eff Tsylw. iM»r Poat— Pumltbed
rttom a:j<i kttctMa, f:i; «j%e. l
MISSION. I!rs-Hoc9'kee;,tns; rooms: {3 and I
tz r-o.
KO&, 111 -Two very vie^nant roomt; modern;
tipper flat: fa» utove; $12. .
TItXTH, 158. orr.er Mtnna-Larr* froot room
f r h 'U^W'f p-.r.g; slso singlo.
TT"RK- 24-Nlce front sunny suits of rooms;
. a!»r» h"u*e keeplnir rcK-Tn<«.
VAN NESS. a-Ele*antly furnished sunny
tuSte housekeeping rooms; bsy-wlndow; run-
n'nir water.
A BltANdl office for Call advertisements and j
iul « :i;ticin» :«- been established at 10J« Va-
Vtiria ft.
lIUUMS TO L.LIT — 1 urn. and li.lurn.
AN uy u-date new fireproof bu!ldlr.(t— '"Saa i
Ant<:;«o*; «.>j*ne<l Oct. 14; electric elevator; j
bot and rold water: radiators and coal rrates; ,
rut. r«a»onahle. :; Taylor ft., r.ear Market .
A— BKfNPVIICK HOUSE. 148 P:xth-H»oms
t.c to II p«"r riKht; II 15 to ii p*r week, and
J'.fht houKekeepins; open all nlcht. I
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor »ts.— |
Hrmeitke bouse: mMTn ■errtc*; elevator;
tath: rooms Uk to II M) day. MRS. J. KINO.
A- '.•EPWORTHV-Oeaa: respertable; tl :5 *.o
16 per week: hoasfkfertlng. 1037 1 j Market st.
V-IKNETT. 1«€ Market (old No. 13«4)-Far-
:.-..-■•. rms.. rulten. ulnicle: also unfurnished.
c cXuROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gats
ave,— fr-'unny crmer: well furn:'rm«. A offices.
CLASSIFIED arlxfrtlsements and subscriptions j
r - \fi at Call branch 1 race. i:oo Fillmore *t.
K^dV. 1 3~7ur.1t e.1 States HoteM-Clean. neat j
rr>c!:.^: V. W week u;>: elevittor day and ntrht. |
ELLIS. 61£— Larse sunny tnoa; suitable for I
.. K'ntlemen; everythtnK rew.
|
3^'lx>M, li3C»— Farnl»h«»d sur.ny alcove front
r ::i :or tw.i. or hrurekeej \r.g. 1
Jt'OtTRTH ■.^t t i— Mm eunny r.xim«, single and
■en suite:' 2eji»onnb!e; sood location.
yUANKLIN. :i.-i Newport)— Nice sunny bay- I
■ ; »ir.dow roomfpr'i' yourj men: also housekp*. j
'■l. FIXTOX; riF-Fine laige sle«-plnK room; run- !
..: oln)t water: ras: rer.t 15.
lilt AND |BOVTHEi:N-S-iutheast ccr. Seventh
and Mini' n its.— Sonny rooms, en suite or
*lscle; ladles' |>arlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, Til Mission— Select family
r'H.:i.ir.K h.>u«w; 11 IC to |C per week.
lIAKmET. "a. OS Howard, near Slxth-Nloe
sunny beiir»>cm: ti.
HOWAUD. 71S-JOO sunny rot-ms: nicely fur- I
t.lfhed; every cinvenlcnce; electric llßhts.
HOWARD. fcr>-Oeaa. re^pect»ib:e. the to II per
r.lcbt: from II per week to 13; Hcward-st car
to tne dour.
Li:Xi:.*GT«'N aye.. IM— Warm belt Mission:
sunuy furr.lthed room; bath: rer.t cheap.
MASON. JlS'i— Nicely fun!sh<-d rocms; single i
nr aa suite; tl W r-T week Vft. '■
I MCALLISTER 1!4. Vlat No. 4— Elegantly fur- {
nished rt" r.s. en fuite or sir.trle; running I
' n:-i; bath. fas. irrate; use of kitchen; tun ;
all fl*3 . reasrtaable. I
McALLISTFR. 7KV»— I nice trioras for house- i
keeping: also single and saltes: bath: gas.
iIrALLISTKR. ICS«— Lanre furnished r.K)n-.:
Hrte <l-i|Mt: ir«»: hot Kr.d cold water: rent M.
MINNA. Ml— Nicely furnished rooms: single or
hou»ekeeJ.'.M;.
MINNA. €C 7. corner Eichta— Newly furnished
bay-window roe:r.. 11 per week: translest.
MIFFION. 172>H. r.esr Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nlshed room f«ir 1 or J; stov*: fj and 15.
NEW Arltacton. 101S Mark*^- Nicely furnished;
Cc day up; i* week up; transient.
O'FAURELL. JO— Sunny furnished rooms and
o:f.r^»; eievaTr.r; electric llrlit*; day. wk.. mo.
IK'FKPALF? "1 Ellis! nr. Taylor— l"o rooms;
T> n r.lirlit: I! a w*ek: transient.
ROTAL House. i;S EMis St. — Incandes<-ent
litV.t. readlnc-room, smoklrir-room and ladles'
j>arl'r; r<v nis. T*r niKht. Tic to 11 s'j: we*k. 12
• Jv mi nth, * v ti •'..: drrmtor on office floor;
: tns wlth'l •. cold water: baths.
6AX CARI/>S \vr. . IS, rear..l""ght»>erth at.—
N!c»ly.:umi»he4 fr.ir.t room; also others.
6KVENTH. l» <<;:rardTil<>uiu'»— : handsome
sanny- ■conief rooms '-as offices.
MIEHMAN ' Apaftnient House. Z% Eighth st..
ti'.ir Market— Fur:i!»hed. and unfurnl*h»d.
■ VliE oik's. 11? TMrd-A K'Hi.l-T.o'.niinK house
for soo.l i^ople.-.-n.-HVnnrS; proprietor.
TTIVK. m-Nlre.vfSrnifb'dtront rooms." %i and
■ t$ tjionth': slfiKje.ror-rn';,!^..;-;.'^.-^..' ;. •■'•.';;. ' •
TI "KKV t» :^Two-'Vlnitle. : :r»bhrt.-'. : K : and--- $7;- ' will
•• rent .: toc»-t h>t : : use' -oX.-*ba>h ;.■■■ sacny : . '■.•;:.-.
A KH A NCH offlr*.fo^'Call- advertisements and.
v..:-i :.i • ; !.- ■.:<'':•■:. Vs.tabllshed.-' at the
r^rthwest cf'rn^r-'rf T.wejntj *second und Ken-
tuiky «ts. Open tflt'.» p.;. at. '/■:.':. '■'. '■■"'■■ '■:
A HHAN'i'H "if^re f.-irOaJTodvertrsements and
ru»»»K rtt»tlcn» "rias. been established lit U»*-.Va- I
|encla st.- ■••'*■-'. . ■' 'r •'■■ '-,-'■ '■• '- . '■' •-'■'..-
sewing siAciiixi:s : »MI MITIII.s
R MONTHLT. rented;' r»nalrea. bought. soJA:
rrafhlne supplies . 145Ktxth. phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought; °*-ssld.' n<-hanßed,'rente4;.' re-
pairing nt |nn»«l rates.: ;.:. Fourth •• .'..-■
••riiivi KOTK'Bf .:....
LAiniES— Chirhefter'sEnpH'h. Pennyroyal Pills
are Ihe l>et.t; h»'.r. Tellable; ti.k*' no other;
send 4c stamps for |»«rtlcular«. . ••Relief.- for
'■ I^Klles."- |n letter by return.. rr.Jill; at drug-
.■«l*.t? . Chlchester Chemical. Co.; Ph»adei;;;:Pa.
• ." R<X>M» paired from IJ: whltf ntd; • tl up;
■ ' rialntlns dori»-..'H«Ttrr.an Paint Co:;'2lJ-Th;ird.
■' MAFhAOE va'j»or. electric "baths. ■". PROF. -iv.
pn-Til. v< I'.iiiiv. fdrm. aCjflithland^abrlTig*..
DAI) tenant* -»-)ect«-d f*r J«: collections made;
city or. country, PACIFIC- COLLECTION *X>..
' 4]fi Mf-nig'irr.«rv: l •_ .- rftoms 9 'ft; t«*l. '■• l~td- ■
'•* STOIIAGI2 A>U AVAIIKIIOrsES. 7 .-.
(A! ■ Storage. ■ IVart-trtros*. F.-.' SMITH, prop^'
■: 'tl Mlrsro.n;- c '*:s* jgaarantee'di tel. Pay tS-;
PI KH«'.K-I£< '! H-ij-.p'ii .{i'.orace and MovtnK.Co.-
. ■;■ . Offtf* ;«M P'wt'V^f TnTT»TI-« -t«-l Mfcin f.7IS. ■• .;.
WATCH It ll* Ml. I NO. \. :>
WATCBEB cirahea : Ur;. tusranteed I yearm
The Ri.v .le«elrA- »• d n^tlral Co . S4(» Kearny.
HAMEDA MEKTISEMENTS,
AI.AMIIM I. i: VI- KSTATE. - ; : y
itjr>rH-l>3T :.oiir.!». wltH; targe", cbt'tare ' of I
.'•■ rt.orrs >• l»th; >UMf;. windmill, tank., etc.
■-'■ t;.VKt— \jl\ .4f xlij; -■.fine 2-storj' bouse"! * rooms
at.d bath: near station: must be sold at once:
■w-nh I4OCO. ' ' ■;-' ••■'• ■ - " •:■''■- - -...•' " : .. • ;.
"• v :•■ |2St>i>-Lf.t 45x1..0. en Mortnn H. bet. the rail-
roads, with flr.e new modern w.ttaes 7 room*;
tiiK» carh. balance .125. jrf-.r-m.ir.ta.. . .' v• •. ' ■
|32r«-L<* 40x150: .-.J.ii-iii #t.. .v'oear "' Santa
■■' Oara e%e.: elegant pew house of -B. rooms:
• i;mu crsh, balance fJO. per roonth. Houses to
•' i»» In all part* of A lambda. '■■.•- ..' .
H. P. MOUr-AK & m.143 Park st.
AI.A3IK»A ROOM! LVD BOARD.
' BOMS-t or la«l*s !n dellcat* health: 'lance
Vrnunds: private. MHS. DR. FUNKE. 1411 ith.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ll(h inil nOQ.MS AM> HOARD.
" 6UNNT V"o7tna7^nrle or en suite: boird; near
' riVn,«r pui;'. I«S7. rrankMn st^
OAKLAND I I B*IT« RK I "X BAL.K.
xk .. i.niiM to you from H. MicllaaaK. the
'■' fwStw "Seller. IKb wd Pranilln. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY. '
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE. .:. '
Sl<vwv-I HAVE for sale 50 Jfll*2ssUs a* a Whole;
this property Is worth !S>V>;: tb* owner Is In ;
al<f,'<luu- distre-s for :the want of ..Immediate,
funds and Is sacrificing this' property thai
•he may make an. immediate sale; the lots.
ccsmand a magnificent view : within 4) mln- 1
utes of ••■ cjty; has . railroad stations within j
1 minutes' walk: runnlnc water etc. ;. call and
ret ill particulars. J. W. I.AYMAN'E, «4
Murkct m . 8. F., 4CO-4tt, Eighth it.. Oakland.. .
_ j
HM CAST! f or ■ lovely home. FnHtvale. ad-:
Jclnlnn East Oakland; no fos? nor.»*old wlnd*:i
rltuute on Fruitvale aye. ; ?-room modern,
bouse, 1 year built: large lot. barn. »hed.
chicken house, etc. :• city wster and e*wer;
electric cars pa - the door; street work all
drne; dellshtful surr >und!rirs: prUe. all toll; ;
»:000; H2C-0 can nmaiti; terms to suM buyer
for la!n.nce. cr will exchange. 405 Seventh st .
rear enntr of Headway. Oakland. HENRY.
2i. JONES. Owner. .; . ''.
4 ELEGANT houses' in course of construction
on S"sd nt.. b-t. Grove and West; . completed;
all modern Improvements : itreel work, side-
walks done; small payment down; halance
monthly If deslre.i: houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sun^y*. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 Wthj*.
TO leafe-M acres near Oakland on terms: 1*
fn:lt. t.nlldlncx. fprlnits. etc. SALSBURY,
$vS Kroadway. «>ak;and.
I>l \ idi:M) NOTICES.
dTvIPKND Notlc.-lUvllend No. 73 (» cents
p<r hharr) of th- Hutchlnson Sugar l'ianta-
tl..n i\mjai:y will be payable at the oftice of
the company. 327 Market *t.. on and after
MONDAY. Novemlerlrt. I<3V. Transfer books
will close en Tuesday. November 14. 1*93. at 3
oVU^k p. m. E. H. SHELUON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALB for funiUhltiK labor and material
for laying tll« flairs In the hallways of the
main (or first) floor and the second and third
fliers of the Hall cf Justice building.
Office o? the Clerk cf the Hoard of Super-
visors of the City and County or San Fran-
citeo. November 14. 1533.
In accordance with Resolution No. 36C4
ffourth serle*) of the Bwd of Supervisors
sealed proposals will b<? received In open ses-
sion of the P.oard of Supervisors on Monday
• ftrrnoon. November Si. U"S>. fmra 2 tr> 2:SO
o'otiick. for furnl»h.ng the '.abor and material
for laying tile ft.X)rs In the hallways of the
r hit. <or flr«t> fl.xir and the ei-cond and thlnl
flo.-in« of the Hall of Justice building in strict
accordance with the r'.ans ar.d specifications
prrpured by Me.-srs. Phea ft Shea. ar«-hit-cts,
and to be fern nt their ofrtce. No. Is Mont-
gomery street. San Francisco.
The work of cor.fetruotlon to be done in strict
accordance with the i.;iid plans and specifica-
tions and under the supervision of Messrs,
6h*a / arc!»ltoct».-
Elfrl:t hours to constitute a day's work for
a.l workmen employed uj>on the work, and
the m:nimum rate of wares t'"< be raid on said
work tn be two <|2> dollars i-er day.
Kidder* will e«timat.r and state a price fcr
which tho entire wcrk will be performed to
the er.tlre satisfaction of the architects.
M< ?sr». Sh*a & Shea.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required prior to or ut the
time of the execution of said ... pay
th« roFt <if a.lverti«-!r.K this notice in three
<-!.;>■ newspaj-ers anil the resolution aw.ird-
Ins the contract in the official new*pai»t;r.
In ordtr to pri?ser\'e unifcrmity and to fa-
cilitate the award the board has rosolved to
receive no bids unless made up.^n blank forms
prejiar^l by the committee cni .i certified
check en some bank In the City and County
of Pan Francisco for the sum of five hundred
ifct")) dollars, deposited by the bidder with
1.:- bid and made payable to the Clerk of th«
Hoard of Sueprv.sore. conditioned that If the
prx.popal be accejite.l and the contract av.-ard-
ed. ar.d if the bidder shall fail or neglect to
pay the- printing charge*, execute the con-
tract and give th* required bond within six
days after the award is made, then and in
that caho the 5.i1.1 sum shall be paid into thff-
City eni Ci unty Treasury by sold Clerk as
liquidated damages for such fallur* and
neglert.
Klanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the r!»:ht to reject all
bids if the public Food so require.
JNO. A. RESELL. Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marring* licenses have been Issued as follows*
Frank Pepjln and Gui*s!e LxhuF»n 31-S1
William M-'lsaac and (ieorpie E. Hamllton.i3-17
r>er.n:» K< t-ertl ani Ennlnla Ca;»'nelli 23-13
Jame» Mclluph and Margaret McN'ninara-.SO-JS
Ruddle E. Shelton and Fl.ira E. Hrocks....»;-2J
L«*ils A. Lei>en and Nellie E. Shipley S>)-24
William J. \Vr!n and Anna. J. Hutchlnson S*-!2
Clyde D. Johnson and Clara E. Garratt 23-1S
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices an] b«
indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
sona authorized to haie the came published.
BORN.
BROWN— In this city. November I 1135. to the
wife of famuel H. Brown, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HEYNEMAN- BIUDGMAN- In this city. No-
vember 3">. IV-". by the Rev. William Max-
well Rellly. at Pt. Paul's Church, otto H.
HeyTi<-man and Florenco K. Brldgman. both
of San Francisco.
VOI.QUARDS— 'jL'EDENP— In this city. No-
v.-ml« r 14. ivs\ by the Ilev. William C. Shaw.
Ernest Volquards aiid Emily Quedens.
YENNI— ANSEI-Ml— ln this city, November 13.
IvjS, by Tliumu F. Dunn, Justice of the
IVace, Peter • nni arm Anceilna Anselml,
both of Sonoma, Cal. -.. .-
DIED.
Braly. Margaret J. Pjrfar. William •' . :••
lipiMdn, Mary F. llansr.fne. IJa.-
Bum, -CornelJui •/ Rogers,' Patrick •'•'•.■
• Cummins. Anita. A. Kmlth. Minnie' ;'.
<;.!•.•. ' hn ■ -■ .-'• BtahU*'*Adere ■.--•.•
Hall. Abraham ■• . ' SlSllard. Pr. J.- TL;: ,■
■ Hutton. CaiolfneA. ■ Static .-josrph A^'V. ■
Kenla^a, ■ -.i H. • . . Eul»\\ip.-.J-fh-n : ' •••• •
LA-.ns. William- ll.— Thr.mis/'JAbn <J; ;• '
• McKay. John Pr. '.. •• Thrfrn; 'Edgar D; ••. .
' Madiien. .Jumes I: '.- ;.. Tonr.jr,;/Miss'.Ada : .. V.- '
Martin.-". An>lr«r* :D.' ■'. .WaKn*sry'nJiarence.'.'-" ."•
Murj-hy/'C. 'J. ..•'•".-:• ':.-• Wend*; ' Harry "¥ ■
i Marpfiy. Vh.>m*aV?^ Whli«l>v--WKllain.-H. '
' >twtian, K«;i«i*h _.;.' Wyitrie. JIwT -J,-..,'. ._'
BRALY— In thia cfbv. Novefnbef.}4..:'lis.S. : Mar- •
anu-t Jaite Hra)v..'d<tarly beloved rnjothfir-'df '
Mrs. William J.: nry:ah and William- R. Bltian. •
• a uatlve of- Ali.bair.a,-'HCe<l S7->e;ar«J- •". : .'.'
KT;Thi funeral . wfll take- .-'place this • day :
(Ttunj3ay); at_J(J -o^clock, from. Kll ißitatlus'
• Church/ wher* »-.in.a. 's"-will be'celflmited'for'
•' tbe repose. Wf . her;. ••ail. Interment M^unt. G4l-
van* Cemetery... .■■'■'■ "• ■ :'.'••' : 'i ' '.'■•'■'. '•
EUi»NP'»N—In this' c4ty t ..Noye«iibe>'.ls, -ISM.
MaryF.; *\l»'vt th« late I^-iW, S;. Bronson..
_dcns£Ter of.vMjVheel Hurley.. *n&-'*ißX**-t>l-
Mrs. .K. E. hr^an. a :..ii:\ ■• of Boston.
: M»*s..';. •'•>.•.„..•■;:.'.; r. : •.■••'.•.'•■ • ;.' '-' ••.•..-■;•
■; C^N.C'tVee of futiwal hereafter- • : \ "" . ' •:''' .''.'•'
Bi:KN^4-In-<hls"v4tj', November, IS. UM. rv^rne-
liu.^ W..:ve<l husband of: Mary. Burns.' father
; of -John- and/JarnVs liurns, Mr5..-.W. Mc'Muilwri-
. and't^ ttiA :!a.te;'.'Oir)»to3her'.arid Joe I'.urr.H.
'.'.anil l i^/t r:<-r 'of. Jawjes' Burns. .k-iiaXlv*'of,rlre,-,
: . l»uid. ;*k«-,i ;P) V-ar*-, , A member of '; EtarmMtiy :
I*i>dMvN<».' >.' A.-.Q, p.iW-.-V:',..;- ;. ' i w C"-:;.'-:
ci; mm tNfifa-xh ' ■t'Kt* ivity; •'. Nttftaatfcr'-'-'if/ :jni, ■
. Ar>it.i' : A-;- betoveixraattchttr nt Edward: *it!d
I Armi»-Cu.hTrhiu!\.-.a patlv'e-ofLt'^klahV'M'ehda-'
' . «»r.o.trountyi Ca\'.:'a'.sf 'l':t fnonthk.- j : ri ', s-<?s -<?" • J'
GAt^^in"-Uli.s.^tV.'.,NV«Tn'b«lr ia.:-i^j?. $&bi£-
. .fiVarU' JieJwved'i'un.'ftt Anp«so Hris U-ra ftdtto ■'
niid'. }9»lh.i»r-'-«r AlHert.' «niar'lf»,- -I^ranHi-'tM-'
and •KnV'lla'.-Oitfb Arid Mm.'-'\l^»->' Torfp?-
a : .i:atlVe.t.f Lout)»vUle. K^.; a^d--27 yeanr and ■
fc:iji.rnti».--- •:•■>:: ;;. -. -. OJVV* ■••■'•' *•& '■■"■
. ■'": {TjTThe -.fanerai ."wUI take '^laiie ■ Satur*av. !
; ■' Novejribe;f;.l«.:"at OJ*». q*-cli>elt;.: fjrehj:>ilsi liie;
■ iwiarnri». ! '..TJS3s;; : ristorteton ' f'tTpyt.' -tht'ncr' :-to'
• Warhi'n'Ktfth-sftxlkre ?Htd\, i'Jl ;' : JL;nl'6jj • street,'-
" wher-f-'^firvrc^s :wjll.: Be :hi;M.' under tiie »us-:
j.lres 6f.:e.';urt AH-alraiNoi: .T>«^. : A-< 3 ;' r. in-
terment -N*w- It-allan Cemttery... i.:< . *%?:•?# ■
sAl<xA4irfUu»,c(Q%; NDTmher-jlj-illj^ Abra-
•- irani'Hal.l; a-.;n4Uve of Ma-kaclm^etts.- a«ed'
•74 year* •!' months, and- 6 -d^yi." ;\ '.-";•. '•-.: ■ .'
.' ' csrFrJends.ar«-.t«<ipe<-tfulir;j|Byitcd *- at-
' • t«n4' tho . f Unerip- ser^Jco* Ujl* • day Omttm-
: 'dAyj.'aiao-.' o"e\otki :at ; tSe>l.;stt :o«ltarian-
' 'cSajmfe c<smor.;Gwiry. xviid.'PrAijkllh ftrt*t».
" Inteu-mMt C>pws:. Lawn: t?fm*ten>-;:-', •>',-■-.•••.
•HUTTON^-in LJhJi; <sity-/"'Nf>yea>^r'V"l4;.'jB3J.
' Car^UiJe AM Htitton,- beloved muther' of ■ Mrs •
■ : J; H,.'NJvjn-aiVd. F;:A. : frrid: JV.: H.-Jluttini. «
' •- njit iVe" -V*; N«r« : ItrnhtwtcJc.. aged: C* year* il
i.. ■ '.•'/. .--•:..
■ ■Z^Ftit^n* »rtd acaMalntarrrfl ar« resjiecN
; fully' invited- to'Rlttndi'the ;fun*t.aj- thj» any
(Tlßi'r»aay).' -it :IO:3O. o'clr»ck.;frppi'4he sftjrtbri
■ ■'nt Halsted &,rft.., ?4« Ml'sJon. street. -Jnter-
■■jifTil I; &P- '*;>• '**«n»rtcr»-. .;.:.■ :. ;? :- . -_. : £
KKNIFON-^ln ihis-chy..- November. 15. : i?M.' at
• -hle" I «sldence.--stt. B»rqh aVen;ae.-Asa Hi, -1k;-
• 'lij^d' bu»band:-. of 'IJizJe,: E> :Ke.nU^n.:...and
father of >lab>l and; the late rrh*.ste r .-n.^eiii-
>on. a native t»f.. New.. HajncEtilr*. . asc-d; 55
rXFrlends and av>n*Jalntaive« are respeiot-
' fully Invited to. attend th- fuoerar.io-morrow
iFiiday).' nt I O'clock,- from- the -funeral par-
Irtrs of Porter * While. 11l Eddy street. . In-
terrr.«nt I. O. O. F. Cemetery, ..• . " .
LYONS— At sea. on steamship City of Piebla.
Feptembtr IS. ISS9. William 11.. beloved . son
of Martin Lyons, and brother of Mrs.- A. N.
Batchla and Mrs. B. F. Maekall. a native ,f
Newport. H. 1.. aged 16 years 11 months and
g< dwys. . ■ * ■'■"•-• .-;
I IIhNRY J. GALLAGHER C 0.,.
■ (Successors to Flarnacan &' r.alli^h*-).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND BMBALMERS.
20 Filth et., opposite Lincoln richv»3l,
I Telephone South SO.
— ■ —
TOE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16. 1899.
McKAY- In- Chicago, November S. 1593. John
..P.'. t-!->\ i son of John-. N. McKay. . stepson
■ 'ct Mary-McKay., and iK-Joyed brother of Mrs.
. : W. C. Moorman and William N. McKay, aged
, .2? year* and 29 daysv •: ' -..-.: ■' '•■
•. t?" Friends and aciualntances are. renpect-
"■.^ully jnvlted! to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 10; JO o'clock, at th-
•t First Vntted Presbyt-rlaft . Church. corner
. ;.Gol.den <;.it- avenue and Polk street. . Inter-
: ment '--mrei Hill Cemetery. ■•■''■
MAM'JCN In this city. ' Npvemb^r 14. IS'J9.
-. Ja;nt» dfarly beloved husband pi Mary
..Mad.len. brother of" 1' F.. John .and: Thomas
■ And brother-in-law of John, Frank.
..Thoaia*And Jame* Healy and Mrs. C. Muttt.
■-: a native of the pa rUh of . Kllkerln. County
• Oa'.w.-Vy; Ireland., nr«l 3* years and 2 months
CT" friends and acquaintances are: respect-
fully; JjiVlted to attend the funeral this day
;.fThurittay). at 9:30 o'clock, from hi.« late res!-
;.- flonce.;sC4>4 Third street, thence to St. Pat-
•rirkisLChurch for services. Interment Holy
'.'. Crotfi ••fry. •
■MARTIN— At: Palm Sprtncs. Cal.. November
'14. -IS3.V '-Andrew. D. Martin, younirrst son of
"- Mrs.-' -Eleanor Martin and the late Edward
Mart I •i. a native of Ban Francisco, aced II
• yeArß. : . ■ . • ; --.
MtRPHT-In this city. November 14. IM C.
J. Mun'hy. formerly of Santa Barbara, i '.ii .
a native of San Francisco, ased 37. years.
C» r >«<.'ilc«? of funeral hereafter. Remains
• at. the parlor* of J. C. O'Connor A. Co.. 767
■ Mission street.
MrRPHY-ln Care Nome. Alaska, October 21.
■lf'.ta. Thomas W.. dearly beloved and eldest
' e>n of Matthew and Kate Murphy, and lov-
liiK t>rather of Mrs. J. S. (Valan and Mamie.
. Joseph ' and th» late Edward, Robbie and
• Matthew Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
H«e<l S; years and IS days.
NEWMAN— In Vallejo. November 15, 1599. Kail-
man Newman, beloved husband of Ernestine
Newman, and father of Mrs. K. Casper of
Val!eJ.\ Mrs. A. Solomon of El Paso. Mrs.
F. Ttosenberjc of Hand, Julius Newman of ;
New York and Alma and George Newman, a
native of liermany, a«ed 73 yearn.
PYI'EIt— In Oakland. November 12. 1599. Wil-
liam Pyfer. beloved huHhand of An^ellne Py-
fer. a native of Pennsylvania, a+ced 34 years
6 months and 25 days. . .xj
RANSOME— In this city. November 14. 1539,
Ida Hannonio. aged 23 years.
ROGERS— In this city, November 13. 1599, rat- :
. rick Hojfpp), a native of Ireland, ared 60
year*.
k7"Frlend9 and acquaintances and members
[ of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), nt 1 o'clock, from the
parlora of McGinn liros.. 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Holy <> iss Cemetery.
SMITH— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated to-morrow (Friday), at '.<
o'clock, at St. Francis de Sales Church.
Twenty-second and Grove streets, Oakland.
for the reDot-e of the soul of the late Minnie
Smith (nee Connlff>. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
, STAHL-In this city. November 15. IS?9. Ade!«.
dearly beloved daushter of Adolf and Rosalie
Stahl. and Kramldaughter of Mrs. I. i . Cohen,
a natl\e of Guatemala City, aged 9 years i
months and I days.
j ITT" Funeral and Interment privaie.
i STALLARD— At the Bungalow, Kanle Park,
November U. 1S;'», Dr. J. H. Stallard.
[7 Interment private.
STANG— In this city. November 14. 1599. Joseph
A.. dearly beloved husband of Mollle S. Stans;,
father of Percy A. Btanc. and brother of Mr*.
William Dunn, Mrs. Fred IMi-Di and Peter
Stang, a natlx-e of Baltimore, aged 30 years
11 months and 3 days. A member of the In-
dejK*ndent Kiries and San Francisco Commer-
cial Travelers' Association.
"'"•: : If and a inaliitancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ISA Shotwell street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. .
1 INDEPENDENT RIFLES— To the officers and
members of the Independent Rifles: You are
hereby nntltW to assemble, at Saratoga Hall.
I Sl4 Geary street, this day (Thursday), at
12 3" o'clock, to attend the rters of our late
1 secretary, Joseph A. st in« Bj order
L. SCHNEIDER. Captain.
SVLLIVAN— In this city. November 13. I«'.<9.
John Sullivan, a native of Ireland, a«ed 43
year*.
(TV Friends and acquaintances and members
of tho Pacific Coaj>t Marine Firemen's Union
are respect fully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the
funeral mrl'irs of McGinn lsr*is.. 31 Eddy
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMAS— In Oakland. November 14. ISS9. John
Q.. beloved husband of Franclsca Carolina
Thomas, ■ native of Asores It-lands, aged 47
years.
I rlen.i? and acquaintances are respect-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. M>l Campbell street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Portuguese Oiurch. where a solemn
requiem high mass will be- celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
THORN— In this city, November 14. IS:<9. Edttar
Delivan Thorn, only child of Charles and
Clara D. Thorn, ajred 20 years and 9 days.
C^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:3*1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of John P. Thorn. 2109 Clinton avenue,
corner Willow street (Chestnut-street station).
Alameda. Interment private.
TOBEY— In this city. November 14 1J99. Miss
Ada Elisabeth Tob^y. daughter of W. D.
T'.'bey ol Carson, Xev.
CT'Tlie funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Parlor
ZCZ. Palare Hotel. Interment private. Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city. November II 1593.
Clarence, beloved son of Joseph A and 1 > r.i
A . Wagner, a nativo of San Francisco, aged
1 morth anl ''■ days.
WEEDS — In this city. November IS. 1899,
Harry, only child of Harry and L»na Weede,
a native of San Francisco, ai^ed 7 months.
WHITELY— In this city. Xovcmber 14. ISOO.
William H. Whlti Iy. brother of Margraret and
Laura Whltely and Mrs. H. A. Lvunbar, a
native ol Xew York.
CITThe funeral ser\"ices will be held
to-morrow (Friday), nt 2 o'clock, at his lat«
rt-Bidence, £<'5 O'Farreil street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
WYXXE— In this city, November 14. 1883. Mary
: J., d-arly beloved wife of Henry J. Wynne,
dauzhter of Mrs. All Morrison, and sister
Of Mr*. T. P. Ellis and rmvid J. Morrison, a
nutlve of Sun Frp.ncl*co.
Cv"Frter.<W and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday); at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 271J Harrison str«?et. between Twenty-
thlri anJ Twenty-fourth, thence to St. Peter's
Church. Alabama street, n»-ar Twenty- fourth,
where a requiem hl»?h ma*s will be celebrated
t<.,r the repose of her tout, commencing at 9:30
oVl'«*k. Intern?»nt Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
V W Stein. NY !I> reaper Jr. Ph!!a
Mrs Jl.W. Stein. N.W Mrs Pej.per Jr. Phlla
A Harrison. X W E 1) Enrich. 11l
\\ B Peck. N* W- . Mr? Enrich A c. Dl
Mr-5. \v B Peck. X 1 B Bonny. Sausallto
.L A Fora. Chicago Mrs Bonny. Sau«nlltb
J 11 ; J Ilahn. Ohio jB I" :.::.. in. Saeto
•T-MMag-e. I'nrls . \V I: , IJorhßitrOukKiat
J \V Tarbis. Montana. J M MOfjhan. Grovelnd
A W.. Wjnkelmun. Qer W Jarn«>n. Groveland.
T X' T^auchlln, .Pa 'vK James, Grovelami • ■
J B TinushUn. Pa AC l: '< iv --- Oakland
A Cls*yei*. N V :■• Mrs Bowles; Oakland
T M March, N V .. ■ C » .MpOrath.Vokhama
!1* 'W Tiickrr, Nome JH. .Bethel. Yokohama
f M. Christi-i^en. Xom«S •] W- X Gefber. siacto
H AYJ«riseri; L'SN - : 3 Mr* WE Gfrber.
J\v H Thomas. ' ■ it* .- II XeuberEer. N Y.
ij A Xewoomb,.«Ja -iJUrs Sll .yubtrgef.N'T
1 X MiUone, ;-U S-V :\l» Itlcn. Mass ■ ;
A • I'" Herbert. Mexico Mrs :D-Rlc?.: D-Rlc?. Mass ••
M MSfstrllor. Cai " '" Chase. Milwaukee " '.
I T Ba-lt,- Cal "•• Mra C Chase. Milw
F. It Thomas. Kan I Mrs a Chaj<e. illwkM
J X Ki.tlnsnn. USX Mr- S H lUirrlll. Mllw
p Tovierkalt. Portland » I :WheP.ler. ■ Berkeley
■\V->'.r»»al*li«. Oanlln«r, ■ .Ha
Mrs :"VV A. Daniels OhffojMrs- .! Gardiner, PhHa
L Tanhau*««r. X V ■ iG i • Pant) irn. i.*hlc
• L I. Howe; eßrkeley . ; jj !• rlati.l. Ueno - •
ITEVS'lnff. I>° 8 AnKelMlMtPn .-■ ipJ.rl.in.'.. Reno
! Mrt T J-:\ilDK. L x"8x "8 -illi ll Goldsmith, I'otafunia
H- A^i«?Kel; Ch.l<viCO. GY. Tucker, XV■. . :
J A Fulrchlld. -ljoa A--j<r7M: Hunter. S Rafael
"M ft.©kv>f. S ftom...'l!rs CM Hunter B R
-.Mni^l-f;^ I»aviF.-» ii-J--^ H J ILiimMe. U-8 : V^^
I J il B<*herrer. X V.. "|J <; Hufford. n >?tf^i .
II }< TlJchey. :Car»on ' •' W (iD LfOTillei -.Sacto
A- tAViiffher.. V H A •' , MIV >V L> Brewer. Mats*
' •• :•• i ■]:■'■ GRASP- II! TF.I.. i. '. . ';■
, Xllis •'. : Verrh»l6n. <"ai C Kaufman A w. Cal
f Mlf* X V«rmilli.». Cat, Mrs : M T I>Mli»r. Pa : |
•MlMtli-'Oarllth/.-Cal A C .lUnks^rt. Sacto= •
;• T G" AJad- & xv, • Cal: ■ P. Cmrpton. Atlanta r ■
1 A JHlb^rni- Su4««in "; ; Ht-JV \Vo«Ka.te. Cal -•
i'AV IT«rant ->Voodld ■ J. " Oraham, ■ .il -•' :
J J-.'i>«"rtny. Woodland- jC MrXoal&w. Chlcco
■l.»'4i-.:c.Ariiistron.K. '-si A E Walter & w,:.Cal
•- G 1- Laiipbery. Col : iQ< X Eiutonj XeV' . : :
■ I. it "lUxja.lu. X York- •• !AV"It Pi it. Key r ....
' j l> "Xt4-fV BnVerefleld'E I- Hugs. Bodl
• S \v}*r.- rrejMio' •■: 1.:. Xcv . - ' ." ..
E Cf^*fcl»ns. Oakland J ■ U ill:urii!>nn, X T
J j; Paadrick. : E»»relfa .] M .1 AValsli & v. Me« :
A CMark; TorUand .i J A F*ruly, Los An?
"li X>. \VJ)Hn«-y. Chk-aRo; W J..YounK. t-tktn
• •Is ii 'Bajrtielder. LA ) Mr- \\ KQble, Sattle
I.Mt>.tv«aro, RfalvadorH BordoiiX 4 w Cal
i" J-'C -: (*i>"»lwY. Ijoti .Ant-"'jA - J-. I^ari?on. Lodl ■
G- border.. Los. Aj:b ". | J H Read. Sacto '• i
• T Mnrtoh.% Ix>* Ini : J P ' >-■ a a w. ral •
EiP/Bracibury. Cal. >i Mrs Ont«tstt. Cal • •
'..Mrs T.AV.Thur«ton.Qal.LMrKW \V : WorthlngCal
O : Motlieral; Vlsalla ..TA B Miller, Cal : . ..
-. : •';••: V m:\v : WESTERX HOTEL. . _' : '"\ '
" J : Mc\VJtllains. flattie T kfcCoqrt * w. Chlo '■
C : . Vhll*-J.> •. | J Soren. gait Lalce
AIR MouUOn; Chicago A.Sor»-n.' KnltLak« : .
' j ; ll«er. New Orleans ■; A Brandon. X York
X "Itlack." Fart Jose .••• Dißurtch.Ballnas ••.
• A Glbebo, Sari. Joss ■'.• J N Rudrlsuei, Cal.
A: J-Frlichey; X fork HBoyd. Madera •
j.F:J.B*atty. Stockton- : ;l,f smith. Madera
y q-L Roes. .Miirysvflla W Held. Alaska
VVi AV-. Urn- -f'al . 10 : Ackerman, Alaska
'•"Hi -Hulk. S* Helena :. .! ..• . . : .
Companions Elect Officers.
• . R-.bin Hood Circle No: 68, Companions
of jh? Forest of America, last evening
<efect<i<t the following. officers' for the n-
term: Mr?. C.O. Miller, chief com
. p:infoti: .Mrs. L. yon" l'wtkammcr, sub
: .chief: Miss AlJc* TJcottlet, secretary; Ulw
! Mantle .Shcan; fihnhciaJ. iecretary; Mrs.
L:Tlcowlet. treasurer; Mrs. Lillle Canter
worth; riKht. and Miss -Annie Shean. left
I Kiil(le;Mrs. Backus ln?lde, and Mrs. Kr
nardt, outside guard; Dr. George Adams,
physician; Mrs. Hattle Bailey, trustee,
land Miss E. Gudehaus, organist.
LYNCHINGS WILL
BE INVESTIGATED
America to Meet the De
mands of Italy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL OFFICE. WELLINGTON HO
TKI-. WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.-At the
instance of the Italian Embassador the
Department <>f Justice has sent a special
■gent to Tullnlah. 1^.,-to make an In
ve.-tlKHtl..a of the lynching of Italians
last July. Italy has been con
stantly pressing the l.'nlted States for
the punishment t>r the men concerned In
the lynching;, but beyond urging the State
authoi ' the administration ha-*
not been able to •!<> anythin*. v v, ..
: iliat the <;raiul Jury In the county
In which the crime occurred would have
i > now, bat it in apparent there
has l"'>-ii a delay, and to determine the
- then for arid responsibility for
the ! rime a .-i-«-< -i3 l agent of the Depart
men! of Juxti.-.- lias !»e»*n directed to make
an investigation and r--p<>rt.
The administration is v.-ry willing to
do all it tan to l'titig the murderers to
Justice, but i:>' ri^ht of the State to deal
with the iiia'icr is fully r«-<ognlzed and
the National Government cannot inter-
Tnla has lie.'ii made plain to tho
Italian authoriti< .-.
As I ton as lh« Judicial feature of the
matter U settled. It is expected. Italy
will demand an Indemnity for the heirs
of ih.» Italian* who were lynched, but the
tment will undoubtedly be willing
,s.^ a recommendation to Congress
for an appropriation which will satisfy
them.
COURSING AT
UNION PARK
Continued from Pa«e Eight.
R. L. Taylor (names) Torment vs. J. Ferris*
I Leah; E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy vs. J. Car
roll's Red Hind; H. Dean's Free Silver Boy vs.
EX M. KelloK?'s lowa Maid: Lande & Gerber's
Mount Ida vs. Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair;
H. H. Gray's Terronette vs. Curtis & Son's
Commodore; Curtis & Son's Nai --is vs. Lar.de
& Gerber's Onward; Curtis & Son's Luxor vs.
I. F. Halton's Tic Tac; F. A. m ■■ mb Royal
Flush vs. Curtis & Son's McKlnley; J. Mooney'j
' Silent Treasure vs. Cornell Bros.' « Manila
Pleasant; Ed. Evan's VlKllant v». P. Doyle's
Wild Monarch; Curtis & Bon's Vulcan vs. Eu
sene Catserly (names) Silence; Aeneid Kennels'
I l*retender vs. John Kerrigan's Conqueror; Cur
tis & Bon's Cash vs. H. H. Gray's Roner; J.
M Halton (names) Flashlight vs. K. L. Taylor
(names) Winning Iva?.«le; Aeneid Kennels'
! Athenla v.- R. E. da B. Lopez* Carmenelta;
Pmsha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. O. M. Aber
cp>mb!«!'s Rock Island Kin*-; P. J. Nolte's Rich
and Artlers vs. P. McCabe's CralK Boy; P. Mo-
Ca^'s Skyblue \t. J. H. Perigo's ■ roller;
l"a.-ha Kennels' Firm Friend VfJ, Curtis .. Son's
The Pram (Imp.); T. Sullivan's Maid of the
Hill vs. Curtis A Son's Cavalier; A. Johninn'b
Lowlander vs. R. H. Farmer (names) Moon
ttone; G. M AbercrombJVs Victor King vs.
Bterl & Knowles" Sleepy Mist; Bartels Bros.'
Bart's Bell vs. Bartels Bros.' Baron Blood;
Curtis & Sons' Beacon vs. Aeneid Kennels'
, A«rami:.- ■ Mayer & Reid's Pat Reilly vs.
T. Lncan's Miss Grlzile; N. T. Whiting's
Wadena vs. Jamen Ivan's Gallant; Sterl *.-
Knowles' Frosty Morn vs. D. Chella's Golden
Russet; J. H. Peri go's Pretty Girl vs. Cornell
Bros.' Dunmore; Pasha Kennels" Rapid Addi
tion vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle; John rri
tran's I.ißhtf- t vs. James Hurley's O. K. Capi
tol; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. R. I* Taylor
(names) Rowdy Boy; J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste vs. Irwln & Lyon's Silver Lyon; Aeneid
Kennels' Aeneas vb. K. M. Ke'.logs's Sweet
Emma; W. Kelly (names) Prince Royal vs. A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty: J. Ronning
(names) Dempsey lass vs. Pasha Kennels' Syi
via: Lande & Gerber's Rlenxl vs. P. McCabe's
j Boney Boy. -
SPECIAL MATCH RACE.
Two Speedy Dogs Will Com-
pete at the San IVlateo
Coursing Park.
A match race between J. O'Shea's
G< Iden Rule and R. E. de B. I,opez"9 Pa
pita for f.'"'' 1 ft fide will lie a feaUire at
-hi Mateo Coursing Park Saturday
Bunday. B>th dogs have specially
prepared for the race and an exciting
contest la assured. A great deal of
will be wagered nn the result, as
b th dogs have scores of admirers. A
regulai rake will also be run off.
r wiil receive HfiO, the runner
up HOO, and others in proportion. The
following is the result of. last night's
drawing:
8. Maboney's Xellle O vs. Pasha Kennels'
Reane*; Jeff Martenett's Buxton vs. John Seg
jterson's Gold Hill: P. Heran's Fair Piny vs.
Ed Wilson names Matcnet: W. H. Jones' Prince
Jerome vs. R. Tiernan names Hot Stuff: J. P.
Thrift's Grasshopper vh. J. 11. Smith's Orphan
Girl; v. Creamer names Delia M. vs. Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran: P. Jonea 1 Moonlight vs.
J How-nine's Geraldlne: T. J. Cronin's Maid
of Hall vs F. Moran's False Flatterer; J.
Keenan's Fear Not vs. \V. C. Glasson's Ter
ronlte; J. 11. Smith's Merced vs. ,T. Keenan'*
Bl«ckl< * \V. Griffin's Monopole vs. a. C.
Bradbury names Victor Chief; H. F. Ander
son's Crawford t*id vs. F. Fratessa'a Main
stay: J. J.-lIlSKiniT Currency vs.- A. J. Kemp's
Signal Kay Bros.' Hawker vs. W. J. >wn
lm.''.i Mountain Belle; Bartel Brim.' Ballroom
Bt lie vs Jeff Marshall's Bernal Chief; \V. H.
Jones' Kustan vs. P. Heran's Martha Wash
ington' J. Keenan's Royal Oak vs. J. Lucy
name« Wolfe Tone: Russell. Wilson A Allen's
Lady Emma vs. R. P. Julian's Sweet Music;
R F Ue B. Lopez's Arrow vs. Bartel Bros.'
Beer Brewer* Corkey Ac )( *.in« HlKh Dice vx.
Murphy & Toland's Ornament: T. J. Cronin's
WIM Tralee, vs.. ■J. O'Shea's Young America:
J- Dlckson's Black Bess- v«. H. E. de B..Jx>
ruw's Minnie Wnvi; Invln & Icons' Silver
Win*! vs. L. HlKKin's Dext«r P; John S.-k
gWson'e Candelaria vs. Paphn. Kennels' Right
Arm: P. MeKones' RU?by vs. N. P. Whltlng'a
St. Anthony: John FeKgerson's./Wlilte Chief vs.
XV . ii; J ones'- '• Lady Maflon; J.. Kefnan's
Royal Bock vs. Russell, Wilson & Allen's Mae
tor Clare- Eugene Nally'n White Diamond vs.
Murphy & Tf.'Und'B Twlllkht: B. Mahoney's
Chief 6' the Hill vs. Russell. Wilson & Allen's
Julius Caesar: Bartels Bros-.' Border Best m.
Lowe '&.■ TlioiVipson'ii Little. Full-rton; •J. P.
Thrift* ft. Michael v«. .A. Vanderwhyte's
Master. Gordon; J. P. Thrift's • Forget Vs. J.
Jones' ■ Gallivant. . . •.■•:"' •;'
•Match race J. O'Shea'i Oojden Rule vi. R.
E. de B. Lopez's Pnplta. .< . .;■ >;._. •.•
Field I>ay for Little Reiflf.
■LONDON. Nov. 15- J. Relff. the ?ixty
>iKht-pound r American Jockey, further
demoristratea. his excellent jockeyship at
•the Leicester November... meeting 'to-day
by winning three succes.«»lve races and
nTitshlnar second In the fourth. : In each
event the betting was 4 to 1 against his
"mount. I —^*^T. — ~~ t — ;.;•';.;•:. — r" — v r^f: —
Victory for McClelland.
PITTSUrHQ, Nov. 15. -At Cycloramn
Hall to-nlirht Jack McClelland of this
city was given the decision over joe Fair
burn vt Philadelphia at the «nd of ten
rounds.
For More Sports See Eighth Page.
COURT NOTES.
:•'. Charles I* Whitney has" sued Edward
Anderson, and his wife. Margaret; to re-
Cover $10,000 damans for the alienation of
his wife's affections. .The plaintiff Alleges
that the defendants enticed his wjfe away
from : his bpm«, took: his children, from
him' and finally obtalhedpossesslon of all
his household goods. . ' .. ; .; . ...": ;. :'
:. George I ;11 lines has.been granted ppe- s
elal letters of administration upon', the' a*.
t,t. of the. late George E. Hall, which
"consists of an interest in the estate of the
lute Captain Wlnslow G. Hall, which is at
present being sued for by Alfred C Ru
(ofiion by reason of his relationship aa an
adopted son of the deceased. ■ •
■ ' Judge Cook ha» handed down an opinion
in the case of J. Alkn Fiske. by his
guardian, Amanda J. Fiske-Marceau-Fen-,
nell. against Theodore : G. Marceau,
brought to recover J3(>JO. in which jude- j
ment Is ordered entered, for the defend
ant. Mrs. fennel! alleged that the mm
named was given by her to Marceau in
trust, but It developed during the trial
that Mrs. Fiske had released Mr. Marceau
from all obligations under the trust.
Officers of the First.
To-n!sht there will ben meeting of all
the officers Of the old First Regiment of
Infantry, N. G. C. for the purpose of
taking action in regard to re-entering Into
the service of the Stato. The meeting
will be in the regimental armory.
SPURIOUS LABELS
ON THE BOTTLES
Ordinary Liquors Sold
as (l Imported."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15. — The United
Flatus Senate Committee on Manufac
>d by Senator Mason of
Illinois, resumed to-day its investigation
into the adult, ration of Uqw
U. Badler, • lit < «r of Bonfort'i Wine and
Spirit Circular, was the first w!ti>
•1 nrmly believe," he said, "that of the
Imported spirits wliich are protocted by a
high duty more of the spuri"us than the
genuine is fold."
Mr. Sadler -tid the Government lost at
:'.ually on spirits alone by
dealers using imitation labels. By spuri
ous beer labels he thought the Govern
ment loss exceeded 12,000.000 annually.
Keywood C. Brown, a bottler of import
ed ales, t entitled that he had known of
f'irty oases "f fraudulent imitations of
labels. Mr. Sadler and Mr. Hewn
thnt Senate bill 4BN, If • would
have done much to rectify the evlL
I>r. Francis Wyatt, consulting chemist
to the National Hrr-wing Academy, said
the use of starch-hearing cereals in the
manufacture of b< M dkJ not intl'ience its
quality nor detract fr<>m Its purity. In
Imported l<c» rs. I>r. Wyatt said, he had
found bl-sulphate of lime, which he
sidered a better and more wholesome pre
servative than salicylic actd. In Import
ed wines he had found gnat adulteration.
YANKEE GALLANTRY.
How a Troop if the Fourth Cavalry
Met an Ambuscade.
A copy of the Manila paper Freedom of
October 5. received here yesterday, gives
an Interesting account of how a small de
tachment of Troop a. Fourth Cavalry,
under command of Captain Cameron, got
out of a very bad hole. American valor
and the poor marksmanship of the Insur
gents conspired to save the little band
from what, under ordinary circumstances,
would have been short but wholesale
slaughter. ." ■
Captain Cameron and his men were out
on a reconnolterlng expedition in the vi
cinity of Santa Ana. Riding up the bed
of an arroyo they walked right Into a
carefully prepared trap. They found- them
selves surrounded by Insurgents, who
were secreted in three different intrench
mt-nts.
Private Radcllffo was shot in the head
and fell from his horse dead. For a mo
ment a panic seemed Inevitable. Captain
Cameron ordered his men to dismount.
The horses were sent for shelter around a
bend, and with twenty-five men Captain
Cameron advanced to within a few yards
of the hidden trenches, which were by
this time spitting lire and lead In a very
threatening manner. Waving his sword,
Cameron ordered a charge, and with a
yell which scared the insurgents the
American soldiers rushed on top of their
hidden foes, and within ten minutes from
the time of the first surprise had com
pletely routed the insurgents and taken
possession of their almost Impregnable
position. . :<■'■
During the, fight an Insurgent officer
fired four times point blank at Corporal
de Clairmont. The corporal not only
avoided the bullets, but assisted Private
LJnderfe.ldt In capturing the offlcer.
Corpora] de Clairmont is a San Francis-
Co boy, who entered the army as a private
last August with the Intention of earning
a commission. He comes naturally by his
flghtln* Instincts. He is a son of Colonel
Ralph de Clairmont of this city, who has
himself taken part in many a wild charge
and perilous siege.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Nov. IS.— Rev. Q. B. Hatch
of tho First ConipreKatlonal Church of
V- rkeley will r»-.i<l a paper before the
Outlook flul) Thursday evening at the
iletropola upon the temperanot qu-
William OConnell, the 16-year-old boy
accused of Insanity, was found to reside
over the line in Contra Coata County.
Judge Hall has referred the case to the
Contra Costa County officials.
At a meeting of the Pacific Pigeon Club
held Monday at its headquarters In tho
Tucker DlOCk It waa decided to make an
extensive exhibit of pig;eoni at the
poultry Bhow to be given in Oakland at
the Exposition Hall.
The reception announced to be given
to members of the Tennessee Regiment at ,
the Unitarian church Friday afternoon
has been : definitely postponed on ac
count of the death of Mrs. Stocker, aunt
of the colonel of the regiment.
Next Friday afternoon the Oakland and
Santa Cruz baseball teams will play a
game at Freeman's Park. The proceeds
of the game will be given to Buck Franks,
who recently had a linger amputated.
The finger was Injured while Franks was
playing with the Oakland team.
Frank IVr.-lra. charged with running a
nlckel-ln-tbe-slot machine, pleuded not
Kniltv in the Police Court to-day and de
manded a Jury trial.
Thomas Clear was arrested last even
ing on a warrant sworn out by Policeman
Powers In which he charges Clear with
battery. Clear struck a young woman,
Emma Sallna, while the latter was walk
ing along the street. It. is claimed that
the assault was entirely unprovoked.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton left
to-day for the East, .expecting to be
absent about a month. lie goes to New
York City and New Jersey and will also
visit other places. The. trip is chiefly on
the business connected with the settle
ment of i ho estate of a relative. :
Frank Martin, who was held to
answer for assault with a. .pistol ..on
Baggageman/. Henry F. Edwards of the
Livermore train on. October 29. was
toVaay permitted to plead guilty in
Judge Hall's court .to a charge of
simple assault: Judgo. Hall ordered Mar
tin to appear for sentence to-morrow.
John Haven, the Tesla coal-miner,
whose wife, Jennie, sued him for a
divorce, has filed an answer and crops
complaJnt. In the latter ho accuses his
Wife, of unfaithful conduct with An
tone Hartmann on June 13 last, and
nt divers other times. Mrs. Raven, it Is
understood; went to San Francisco after
the denouement at Tesla. .- . :
Yner Peralta de Gallndo, executrix of
the • will oK ■ Francisco Oallndo, has
petitioned the Superior Court for leave
to renew the mortgage which covers
the Oallndo estate In this and Contra
Costa counties. She states the mortgage
with accrued Interest will on January i.
1900. amount to $82,172 3S. The matter will
be. beard on December 15.
Indian Pleads Not Guilty.
OAKLAND. Nov. 1." -Frank ShenßV«
the half-Indian held for the murd»-r of
Frank Flor*.* two weeks ago near Piean
anton. pleaded not rullty before Judge
TJnll this ntornlnsT. His trial was «et for
I. • mbor ]2.
BIIAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Picmun and Flora ' Greenebanm to ' Percy
Beamish, lot on NE corner of Van Ness ave
nue and Lombard street. B 109 »>y X 137:6; also
lot on SE- corner of Chestnut street and Van
Ness avenue. S 137:6 iv ;: 100; also lot on SE
corner of Van Ness avenue ' and Francisco
: street. :S: S 137:6 by. E 123; also lot on W 'in* of
Twenty-seventh avenue, Ml Nr of Point Lobon
avenue S 70 by W 120; also lot on X\V corner
. of. Bllll'mati and Yale •.■•■<-. N ::•••;. SW 6:11.
I W'534 8 400. MO, i•• na block 132. University
1 Homestead: except lot on E line of Cambridge
street 175 S of Silver avenue. 8 23 by ■ 120:
except lot oh S line of Silver avenue, 132:6 E
i of Cambrldce street. B 21 by S IS*; also prop
erty outside of county, quitclaim deed: JlO.
Althca and Parld F. Walker to Tludolph
Snreckels re-record MM d. 295, lot on W line of
; ; ,,. lk .i ttreot. 132:7'; N of Pacific. W 137:8. N
21:8. E 35:4, E 16:8. E 82:6. S — • o 'i to beglnlnt?;
German SavlnK* and t.rnn Society to Cora
W Moore, (wife of Geonje V..), lot on E line of
pierce, street. 291 B of Waller. i 25 by E 81:3.
lot ]. block 2. Marlon Tract (hospital lot): $10.
Adeline P. Davidson to Cecil** J. Durbrow. lot
on X line of I«ol"n-M street, 210 N of Twenty
fifth N -'■ by ■ 125: $10.
i 1i 1 Joseph Harriet. Jacob and Bertha O. Wel«s
1 beln to Lincoln E. Hackett. lot on X line of
i Alvarado street. (00 V of Hoffman avenue (El
lon>, N 17 A SW 18. S\V 66:9. E 46:6. lot 158.
Heyman Tract: $10.
Ilobert McKlnley to Mary Payran. r«-record
1537 d H7, lot on W line of Spear street. 22:11
by 137:6. belnur S S of water lot 757: SI.
John Pforr to Henrietta C. Knight (wife of
r s . lot on SW line of Spear street. 223:92
5w of Folsom. KW 22:11 by SW 137:6; $10.
* Max Fox to ROM Fox, lot on W line of Twen
ty-ninth avenue. 175 N of Fulton (D) street, N
2.-i by W 120; 110.
Alameda News Notes.
E J YoKel to Favalla Peabody (wife of Por
ter - T.) lot h-irlnnlnn at a point V^ S from
.< of East Twenty-first street and 151.92 W from
West Twenty-third avenue. E 151.92, S 6165, W
168.50. X 50 to beginning, b#ln«>. vortfon of lot ■
5. block D.. subdivision 60. • Associate* • Tract,
East Oakland; $10..' •- 1 • ;'•: • .. •'■'.■* .
: Frederick A. Gardner to. Agnes E. Gardner,
lot on Sl2 corner of. Vine and Sprln* -streets, 8
82; i: WO, X MO. W -300:10: to banning. r.eln« !
lot 20,. block- 5. property • of Berkeley View
HornestejidA^oclatloh. Berkeley; gift.
Edward -and' Gertie Grntzcn to Joh.»n C. and
Maria K. S>tlep»r. lot on M line of Crattenden
avenue." 60 E of .Vlcksbnnr • street. ; (formerly
IHeves larie). E 10d by N 123.82. betns; lota 2 and
3. block. A. Judd Tract, formerly a D rtl..n of
th« Patterson Homestead, Brooklyn Township;
no.- •■•.:■ •• ' . • :. ••
. Frederick and Anna C. Hammann to Anna
H. Schwartz, lot on S line; of Santa Clara ave
nue. 60 W of Pearl street, W 86 by S 13S. Ala
meda;• $10. . 7. :'•','•■
■ Brawl A. and .Elizabeth D. Heron to A, S.
MacdonaW. It on SE line of Walsworth ave
nue, 170 S\Y of i!^yo Vista avenue. sn' 69 by
SE 123. elng lot 23, block O. Linda YtMa Ter
im. Map 2. Oakland: $10. • •.•••'
• John and Hi;' la Anderson to Edward P.
Ponahoo, lot on SE line of Howe street. 120 SW
of .-Howard. BW 40 by RE 153. being lot 8 and
Ni: 10 fret of tat*, block K. Thermal Hill, for
merly, th- Howe Tract. Oakland: $10.
A. a;. rink. Thomas F. awl Ada Graber to
Matilda Krkenhn.-oher. lot «. block 1. lot! 1. *
an.l 11. block 4. lot* 2. 3. Wand SI. block 5.
Map of .Sea View Park, quitclaim deed, Ue.rke
ley: I'D. . '■■'.■ ■ .'■ .. " ' ' ' -
Cecilt J. and. Charles J. Purbrow to John C.
L--r^. 'lot on N line of Harmon street. 400 E
pf Calais. E 50 by N 135. being lot 2. block D.
Harmon Tract. Berkele $10. . ■■.'■'
Charles A. and A — C. Bailey iy> California
Powder Works (corporation), lot on S line of
University avenue. 100 E of Sacramento street.
E SO by S US. i>ortlon of range U, Hardy Tract:
also lot on a line of Delawar* street. 100 E of
Sacramento. E 23 br S 116. being lot 8, range
16. »ame. Berkeley: M
J6hn C. and Charity I* Rogers to Adeline P.
Davidson (wife of S. B.). lot SE corner of Kills
and Prince streets. E 40 by S 100. being portion
of lota 113 and 114. hl.>ck 4. lands Of Rejrent
street Homestead A?so<-latlon. Berkeley; $10.
Annie Skinner to Frederick T. Blolettl. lot on
N\V comer of Chicago avenue and Champion
street. AY 133 by N 12<V being lou 1 to 4. and
portion of lot 5. Pro<.r«ct H'U Tract, Brooklyn
Township: also lot on B line of Grant street. 100
E of Union. E 75 by R l"0. being lot 3. block M.
New Map of Lynn Homestead adjoining. High
land Park. East Oakland; $10.
Francisco C. de Levelra to Joseph F. Gom»s.
lot 42. In Smith's Subdivision of Town of Ban
L»>andro, Eden Township; $10. • • ■
Edward C. and Sarah T. Robinson to P«ll
Whyte, all Interest in lot on S line of old County
mad from Oakland to San Leandro known as
Sherman street, where same Is Intersected by
line dividing lots 6 and «. block B. Oak Tree
Farm Tract, thence PW 1«. N\V 134. NE 79.
E 1.',9 to beginning, being portion of lot 6.
block B. Revised Map Oak Tree Farm Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $3. : ■• . ■ • \
Bell Whyte to William F. and Alexander
Dolg. name ; $5. . . • . • •
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to Kat«
Teldeman. lot 20. block 83. Map of Alameda as
surveyed by J. T. Stratton In 1853; also lot on
i E line of Hawthorn (formerly Christina) street.
! 273:2 8 of San Antonio (formerly Kings) avenue.
S 100 by E 126:5' i. being tHirtl.m of lot 4. land*
Teutonla Park and Homestead Association, At
ameda; $10. '
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCL
Continued From Pag© 10.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Vorember 15.
Btmr I^nella, Miller, 36 hours from Ban Pedro.
Stmr Ellhu Thomson, Whitney, S days 4 hours
from Seattle.
Strnr National City. Dettmers. U hoara from
Stmr Columbia, Dobaon, IT days from Ma
nila, via Na«aaakl 19 days lg<i hours.
\\ ha::np strnr Howhead, Cook, IT days from
Fox Island.
Hark Umpire, Knarke. 84 days from Seattle.
Bktn Irtngard, Schmidt, 17 days from Huoo
Bi hr Lily Bottger, 17 days from Umpqua.
Si hr Hartiara Hernster. Anflnda«l. 20 hour*
from Fort Ilrajcg;. " .
Schr Fortuna. Lubers;. 9% days from Eureka.
Benr Roy Somers, Solland, IS days from Or&ys
Harbor.
Srhr Daisy Row*. Nyman, 15 days from Coo*
Bay. •' .
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. I day* from
Bowens Landing 1 . • .
Schr Alice Ktmball. Anderson. 4 days from
Mendoclno. .
Schr Pearl. Scheel. 30 day* from Cap* Norn*.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. Jforetnber 18.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins ft Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodail.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia. Houdlett«. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels * Co.
Ship Centennial, Marschall, Honolulu: Wil
liams. Dlroond & Co.
Fr bark Europe, Mutter, Grlmsby; Zpplncer
& Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Xorember 15,
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Btmr Luella. MUler. .
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst, .
Stmr Australia, Houdletts. Honohiln.
Hr stmr Carlisle City. Altken. Itongkonir. Tla
San I»lf«.o.
Bark Martha Davln. McAlman. Honolulu.
Ft bark Salnte Anne. Bernler. Queenstown.
TEI^KORAI'HIC.
POINT LOBOS. N>v li. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
SPOKF^C.
Sept 15. lat 34 S. lon 41 W— Br ship Austra
lian, from Penarth. for San Francisco.
Nov 10. lat M N. lon f W— Hr ship Dowan
Hill, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Aug 31. off Statin Island— Br ship Crown of
Scotland, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per tktn Irmprard— Nov 11. lat 48 40 N. lon 121
40 W, Hr bark Inverneill. from Newcastle. Aus.
for San Francisco. Nov 15. Jam. saw a
three-masted ship steering east, bound for San
Francisco.
Per stmr Columbia, from Manila Nor 15—
N .v 14. '.at 23 15 N, lon 12* 4? W. bark Hesper,
from Port Gamble, for Wallaroo.
Ml.«. -KLLAXEOUS.
Per Roy Somers— Nov 12. 75 miles WSW of
Point Reyes, passed schr Daisy Rowe, from
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
Per stmr National City— Not IB saw a four
masted ship anchored near DuxUiry. Bktn
anchored Xurtber out.
ric ports.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov li-Stmr Willamette,
hence Nov 8; i>tmr Farallon, from Dyea; stior
Weeott. from Unalaska.
Sailed Nov : -mir Newport, for San Fran
dsco; stmr Al-KI. for Skaruay.
SAN PEDRO— Arrtved Nov IS— Scar James
Rolph. from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 15— Ship Louis Walsh,
hence Oct 15: schr Marlon, henc* Nor «; bark
Levl G Bunress. hence Nov S.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nor 15— Schr Jen
nie Wand, from Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 15— Schr Martha w Toft, for San
F NEW* WHATCOM— Arrived Nor 15— Schr Maid
of Orleans, hence Oct 19; bark Germaala. henc*
Ocf 19.
Sailed Nor 14— Schr Albert Meyer, for San
Pedro. ' •
MENDOCINO— Sailed Nor 16— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco. ; _
ALBlON— Arrived Nor IS — Stmr Tlllamook.
hence Nov 14. . •' '
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nor 15— Stmr
Mlneola, from Nanalroo; stmr Navarro. from
Bowens Landlnz.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Greenwood, for Sao
FranclßCO. :.--•
EUREKA— Arrived Nor 16— Stmr Brunswick,
from Astoria.
Launched Nov 15— Santa Paula.
I ORT LUDLOW— Arrtved Nor Schr Phil
ippine, from Port Gamble.
Sailed Nov 15— Schr Meteor, for San Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nor 15— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, from Nanalmo.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov Stmr Fulton, for
Pan Francisco; Fr bark Forfarahir*. foe United
Xl r c<lnm.
Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Signal, h^nc* Nor 11.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 15— Bark Sea
King, heno* Oct 21: hark Pactolus. from San
DleßT>: bktn Northwest, hence Oct 27.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrtved Nov Schr Me
teor, from Port Ludlow.
PORT BLAKELEY— ArrIred Nor 13— Bchr
Peerless, from : Newport. '
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOT'TH -Arrived Nor 14— Br ship Zlnlta.
hence June 10.
AXnVEW- Sailed Nov 12— Br ship Argus
f.ir I'-rt Los Ani;ele?; Br ship Sierra Pedro**,
for San Francisco.
PANAMA- Balled Oct IS— Br ship Edenbally
more. for Portland. O.
VANCOUVER Arrived Nov IS— Br «mr Esn-.
| Oiinn. frr>m H >nirk >ng and T»k">hama.
HONOKONO— Arrived prior to Nov 16— Jap
stmr Idzuml Maru. from Seattle.
•V' T.KNSTOWN — Arrived Nor 15— Br ship
Gunfurd. from Portland, and sailed for Cardiff.
OOBAM BTKAMKP.S
BOSTON— Arrtved Nov 15— Stror Ultonla.
from Urerronl.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nor 15— Stmr 6t
Paul, from New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Nor Btmr Belgravla.
for Baltimore.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Nov Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Groese. from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr B«l
genlai! from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrtved Nor 15— Stmr Brasilia,
from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nor 14— Btmr Neder
land, from Philadelphia.
LONDON— Arrived Nor 14— Stmr Marquette,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Nor 16— Stmr Oceanic.
for Liverpool- . •: •- .
EATLBOAD TBAVZL. «!
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Ban Franctsoo via Rausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 18M.
WEEK DAYS— »:IO a. m. and IMS p. m.
SUNDAYS— ».00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare 8 F to Summit and Return. II 40.
. THO3. COOK A SON. Act*.. (21 Market rt,
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A SBteN&?~ KEABSfY ST. E.UbllsbM
to iljSb I" 1*54 for the treatment of Private
IS LJ± JHf I)ls^n.<i.-n, Lost Manhood. D«-bllity or
•li*»-ai<«'w».arlii(f <n,f,<.. iynndniln* id
V(i7S.^Tl Skln I ' l »^*"*«- 'l'h#'lort»».-riir««»rn»ii
oWpj ■"'•'"'•'•ll. Try him. Ch«r?«s low
r%g"TiMH< 'nrfieu»inaiff<. Tallurwrite.
Dr. J. r ttlßß«.<f. Box 1937, tUa Jfraadsco.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
. mi us im( «i :i < »nr»"iT.
|;mi:ii it: BVirrEM.>
Train* le'avv »•••• nrr «la« •• i»rrl»« at
:. ■ HAH 1 »: » Ist o.
•.. - (Main •■. Foot of Uarket Street)
tr.Krt. — Fi-.i>m NnvtMr.KU 13, 1599. — A»aiTß
•7sO«\ H.aici», MM *n.lS»cr»mento.... •7tl3r
•shm»a Mirjsville. On>;iU« ita Woodland,
. ' :■ ; I i. ra, VtciTillonnil Rurre?.... •7i*»r
"7:OOa Shut* i Kiptrs*— IUtU, Willows,
. Bed BliiS. I'orUaofl.. *7>«3r
Msrt|nes.Haulti4uion.Vallejo. N»r«.
•':•-• CaU«Ux«aniltlant» K<«Jk ••i!3r
••:3O* The UfcrUnd Llmltod-Osden, I>«a.
v«r, Omatia, Chlcac; •3i13»
•BiXe* .->»!! Jo«<-. LlTtrmore, Hiucktoo,
•.:•. .'• • lone. tiaciainentn. - PUerrrUi*.
MirjuTllKl'tilcn. it-'. 11 •«ii»r
•9i«fM Jill ton. oakJalea. Honor*. > *lill)r
•»:oo» najwkrUs. Nll-n*s<l V.ty butki't. •11:15*
•»:0O» AtlMiU? r.xrrrss— 4>sdeu and Kut *Oil3a
•»:»«( Martinez. Tracy,. Lithrcp. Muck l< id.
Mrrccd and Fresno •ISilSy
•»"»•» Port Cost*, l-'n «m>. MoJut* »nU la*
: . ■ Auct'lr*. ..■....;.'.. *«:4)3r
•IO;O«» V»ll i-. Maria- saii-l W»y SUtloui •«:*3r
•I l:<»<>.\ IUj«»r<:«. Mini and Way Hution*. "*i « *T
•l^tua Nil.*, l.Wixu:ori\ .SUKrkti-n. turn-
• ■ • iutut\ Mruluta, lUafotd. VliUi*. '
I'trterTillo *l:iSr
. tl:OOr Baeraaieale lti»»# Hlfinirii... tVUOr
•3:OOi- lUjwir.l . Nil ■ » 1 Way Stations. *3t«3r
•4!iM»r Marti ur.r. hull ll»llirv,,. Val!*j...
N.ipi. \'*\\*u,£A, 4i,i* ll«aa *•<!•*
•li«*r B<nlcla, V*c»*ti!»-. H*cT*iu*i.to.
WikiilUikl. Kulcbti Lui<ilof.
MaijiTlllff. OfO«lll* •••:«9«
•4iSOf Nile*. Man .lt«e»n.ltiti«ktoo ....... *7il9r
•3:«OrTht) Owl Llraltcd— Ttsct. rrewo. : : :
• -. ■■ l:xkrri>:i"l<J. Haiune fa* f^»t.t.i r.»r- '■
■ .' bar*. Lcit Angr1cn.. ,...,.,. *O»4Sa
•5:30 BUicktou. Mtrrctl. I'rnno... 'ISiiSr
•3:3ar FfeaiiO, I .k-r. - - i..t* 11-iii «r».
Lm Ai>c«l«. I' o.lof. £1 I'iw
- :• ' New Orli-»tis «nd T.*at. •••«•*
•s:Xer Hsiitn I'll i:..iiH— Ati.utlo Eiprw*
fur Mojutn ami JUil ••.*■» p
•OjOOp TUj«*nK Mini a;i.l Han Jobo *7.0«
1«:.1Ur Vallc] ...*l«isSv
•OißorOrlenUlM.all— O«Jen and EaM # Si3t»
t~iOi>r Vail , l'ort ' -'• »'■•' %V»y Ma-
tluaa. • !•>*•»
•8:e8r Oncoti and Calif< mla :ii>rr««.»««o-
. . - t».,,r I . M»r)i.ll>. Krtl'lliif, !■'
. ■ r. it ti an.i. riig^t ...,.l .ii.l Ym»\ *ain>4
COAST IH Vision (s«rn>ir <l»»ce).
. (FoctctM.irkrtatre«t.> .
•Bil3* N?w*rk.<;<nt. rtlllp.^»nJo«-5. fellßß,
1 !< ml r Crrek.hAnta Orus and Way
: Rtutl'lli* -:..-. *.....; • *•»••■'
tSilSr Newark. Conl. ifllle, s»n Jcto, New
. ' = ••• Almadeu. IVl!.n. llonldw C'raek,
H*nU Crux an.l Principal Way ,
Buttons . ••'•"">*
. Mil.ip Nrw.\rk, Mm Jeee, he* Gates. *•<«•«
■ Il:l3r ll'intiT*' Rieunlan. Baa Jt«e aod _^_
Way statl.io» .. 17****
CREEK ROUTE ferry.
rnmSH fIIBCISCO— .'.it cf Harktt Sum ,S.:» I) —
•7.10 . 00 UOUt.M. |130 »2-C3 IJrflt
•»:: i!:: 3 ♦C:C3r.ii. i> •
rr*aollUl9— rMttrßc»«4wiT.— *6:oo 8:00 10-00*
) tiaoo *i:00 i i :: *3:: tt:3 •3.00r.«.
COAST IH VISION (RrMdCaafe).
(ThlnlamlTOTri^iiaSta.)
t#iIOA Ocean View, Ho«Uh Han K»»nciiieo7! ««>*4>»
•7:O«a Han J«ee »• ■' Way Hutl.ua (New
A1.i.«.1-,. Wedn»«Ltys oijy) *liStjl
•liNi Han Jo»«. TfM linos. HanU nil,
PaeiUo Orote. I'ato Ilublrs, Han .
. ' Luis OMbm, S'irf, loanpoc and
Prinel|>al War Hutlnns Mil Or
•I»i4«» San . Into mi ' Way -•.." •»• ••it 34
•II:1»a Han .I"" an.l Way Htallous *3*3 or
tvtir«r Han Mauo, ltnlwood. M.-rl.Pafk,
' I'alo Alto. banUOlars, Man ■'•••.
Tree Plnos. bauU tit Sailoaa,
M '■••) an.l l'aclfle Grove tl*t««a
•»:»«r Ban .!,„.. Way Ktatimn *7>3op
t «:1 » r San ami Principal Way Station* *»:I3a
«3:00r San Joaeaod Principal Way HUtiens I*i<H>a
*isZ9r San Jnso ami Pifnciral Way fitatloua ••:*»*
•S:3Orß»n Jose and Way Htatton* t**:O<>A
| Hlrl.ir San Joaean.l Way Station* ;... *?i3Op
AfiMrJLri. . Pfot Aftamooa.
■Daily. t Nun<lay en-er«e-1 I Sunday ootj.,
. ' . 6 Saturday only. - .
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, ranninf ever th* best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
ConnecUnc train leaves Ban Francisco at
1:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. fBIDAT SATTTKDAT.
Arriving in Cblcava at 2:13 p. m.
FRIDAY. BUIfDAT. TUESDAY. WIDSE3DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Paiae* and
Upholstered Tourist Car* leave for Denver.
Kansas City. Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 6:10 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford. Vlaalia.
Tatar* and Bakersflcld. fumlshs* coo* local
train aervlc*.
Ban Francisco office. «a Markat st. fi*ptl*a*
Main ltti. • .
Oakland ode*. lIS Broadway. . *
Sacramento office, 201 J street.
San Jos* offic*. 7 West Eanta Harm street
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEIH 11. CM.
LESSEE
SAX FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFfI
vL RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbai-oo Perry. Foot of Mark** 04
 SAN FRA.N'ISCO TO SA.N iCArVUbL.
WEBK ¥8-7.10. »:00. 11 m a. m. . UM,
I 30, 5 10. 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :» p. m - Saturdays- trip* at 1:W
ana ll:HA d. on.
B y* i DA , V » SS ~ S:0 °- ♦:». 11:00 a. m.) IJ3. I4a»
6:w. *:23 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN rRAMCISC©,
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:M. 1:20. 11:10 a. m. ; JML
2:40. i:10 p. m Satarday*— Extra uipa aft
I:il (M « i' p. m.
BUNDAYB— 4:IO. 1:40. liao a. m. : 1:40. •:•». »<*,
i:25 o. m.
Between San Francisco and Pcfcu-tien Park
■am* sch>3ule as above.
Lear* I Arrlv*
San Francisco. In Effmt Saa Fran ft—
■ October 15. —
Week Sun- ] lit). Pun,- We-»k
Days. days. ( !>•<! nation day*. Day*.
7:20 am 1:00 am Novats. 10:40 am 1:44 ant
l:l>pm 1 9:30 am Prtaluma. •:(♦ pra 10 18 axa
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Santa Ro*« 7:35 pm «23 pa
Fulton,
T— 9 am Wlsjiiii. l»Stm
H«ald»bunr.
Lytton.
Gey«*rvin*,
/tOpm ItCO axa Cloverdal*. 7:15 pm i 22 ps»
T:29 am Hoplcnd and
■ Mam Uklah. 7:25 pra t.npa
7:20 am ~ 10:23 aa
fVM am' Ontmerin*. 7 M pan
1:20 pm __, ! * :?3 m
f MM 1:00 am' Sonoma 10 40 am 140 aa
and .
. IflOpm 600 pm' Glen Ellen. (:oSpm C:23 pa
7:loam •W am Sweat' pal »-»m;lf-»aa
; l::0 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm| <:23 pm
' Bta«es connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W*st
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Sprtne*: at Lyttan
for Lytton SprlrKs; at G«ysenrlll« for SkaCS*
Springs; at Cl.-.rerdal« for the Geyaer*: at Hop*
lar.d for Duncan Vprtncs, Hlch!an>! Sprfnss.
Kelsayvlllt. CarUbarl Sprlnrs. «1* Bay Uxi-
port and Uartlett Sprtno; at Lk ih for Vichy
prlnE". Saratova i-it'.nz*. Blue Lakes. Laurel
I>*U Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Luke. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day"». Rlverelde. Li*rl«y*s,
BucknMl's. Sanhcdrln il«iirht«. HulK'.U*. Orr**
Hot Sprlnir*. Mendoclno Clry. Fort Bra**.
Weatport. Ural. Wlllltts. Lftytnnvlll*. Oirr»-
mlns s. Bell's Springs. Harris. OUea'a. Dyer.
Bcotta an<l Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
■ On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
■beyond San Rafael at half rates.
1 Ticket Offices. MA Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
X. C WHITING R. X. RTA*.
General Maraxer Oen. Paa*. Arena.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via fl >■—!<** Ferry.
Ccmn-.enetrg OctctHT 1. IS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •::«. «»:20. 11:00 a. m. ; *1:4».
•3:40. 1:15. •"**• C:2O p. m.
EXTRA TRIP«-For Mill *Uer and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. t !.ic«lri and Saturdays,
at * 00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •SCO. •10:00. ni:»t a. m. «I:UL
I 15. *4:45. 1:23. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
PROM SAN RAFAEL TO PAN FRANCISCO.
V.'EEK DATS— 6:2S. »U:35. 7:4*. •» 40 a. m.l
»12:», 2:13. *3:40, '5:13 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an!
Saturdays at C:49 and 19:15 p. m
SUNDAYS »1:C0. MOiOO. 11M a. M.i
•1:40. *3:15, 4:46. •*:» p. m.
! i Train* marked (•> start frcm San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCOj
WEEK DAYS-5:43. «:43. 7 36. >45 a. m.l
12:25. 2:25. 2:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays id]
Saturdays at 7:08 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUN DATS— «:OS. 10:46 a. m. ; 13:09. 2:U. I la.
1:00. 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
f :C0 a. m week days— Caxadero and way station*.
|:40 p. m. Saturdays— and tray stations.
, |;W a. m. Sundays— and wajr *cat:oaa.
1314
PEDAGOGUES TO
PROFIT BY TAX
ON INHERITANCE
Attorney Dickinson So
Decides.
WELLS HOLDS SAME OPINION
< ♦
TEACHERS MAY SOON BE PAID
BACK SALARIES.
Mass-Meeting To-Day at Girls* High
School at Which All Phases of
the Question Will Be
Discu£sed. :
gf«th< •
• -
■
. -
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
PALACE HOTEL SUPPER-ROOM.
■
■
■
raf«» and
- f the
■
The Lt-aAitlful and lofty apartment
known as the Amtrican Dining: Koom
in beinj; refurnished and repilded, and
on Saturday cvenlnj?. November IS, will
open as a hUTijK.r room.: The* progress
mmle ln^iiQ7inioTlor~^ocoratlohs^ias^
reached that point where : it i 3: safe to
venture the prediction that this: room
■when comjiloted will be one of the most
beautiful apartments In the hotel. ■
For the entertainment of patrons or
cht-stral concerts will be n'ndertd each
evening from 9:30 to 12 o'clock. The
ir<usical talent unpaged is und*r the di
rection of Mr. C. H. Itandall, who. will
be assisted by fucb -\wll»kno w n artists
as Kljaior I*l».tro Marino, Mr. Furd -and
Mr. Reg-ensbun^Tvv- .-. • : . ;' : "' ■.•:•■
Kntrance to the new Supper room will
"be through the main otflc«-or from the
. court. A delightful conservatory
•ndjoinlnj? this new feature is belnj;
•fltu-d up Bitf} ebony furniture and dec
oratM with palms and ferns. :. : Here
Rcntlemrn. after enjoyln^.thelr refresh
ments and cifrarsin- the: KUpjK>r room.
can lounge and make thcraseHipa cbm
fortaWe. '■■■/;: ■; .\ •.:■..'■■■ .■■'.■ : ; - : \. .
Th<» tapestry morn has bern refur
nished and \\lll horeafu-r be utilized as
a cloakroom, whf-re a maid "will -ix* in
atterulanrq on lady patrons- • • : , =
It la the Jnfntion <»f tl.v Palace Ifn
tel monacemont to mak<* th«v Fupppr
Tf*m a feature thnt will be Jn 3cf»ep!h(?
-with tho P'nf-rrtl rxceUence of th?
kooae, ai -i It jroes. without nayinj? thnt
Jt "wI.II r»»celTe peneroas patmnaß.' fnprh
tboße who appreciate perfection In ctrt
slnp and luxurious jmrroundincs. : ; .
%Vlth modt-ratp charges and polity ser
vice. It will undoubtedly be tho farorite
plac^ for nftcr-theaW supper parties
and for th«» l.irce contlnifent who onjoy
<3lnlnff durlntr the evoninjr. •. •••.••■::•.
OORNTXrUS J. MTJUPHY DEAD.
A Prominent Young Business Man
Succumbs to Stomach Troubles.
ComrJlus J. Murphy; .a well known and
popular youn*: business'- man" of this city,
died Tniewlay nißht at th«».l.ane Hospital
CornHius Murphy, or :"N*ealy ; 'i an '■: ho
•was f.imiliarly known to his mnny friends,
•was born in San Frnncisro and was at the
tiny» of hl» death SG years of n^^v In- his
youth ho took up h!s residence at Ranta
Yn.'Z. In RajitaUarbara County, with his
father, who had extensive l.md Interests
In that county in common with Archbish
op Mora, now deceased. Younff. Murphy
tok an active and prominent part in
Republican politics and the people of. his
county rewarded his efforts by having
him appointed County Rfeoorder to fiU-'an
unexplred term, and at the next election
pavi' him a handsome majority for the
tome oflicc ■ • "'• ': .- !■' •. ■ .-'•.■ ■ ■
Mr. Murphy also took an active Interest
Jn State, affairs and was a. well-known lig
ure at Sacramento. . . . . .■ t-"'-:>
For some time he has enraged ■n th«
retail cJktit business at S (Jrant aTenue,
but retired some two montfra'a^o on ac
count of 111-bralth. Sufferlnjf fn.im a com
bination of stomach troubles. Mr. Murphy
«mtrr*'d the Ijttne Hospttal for relief, and
thourh the best of medical fkill was em
ployed death resulted within a week.!"Ad
djsnn's <llFea*<» of the kidneys beinp plvcn
tw the cause of death.
His father and brothers have boen noti
fied of his death and will take charp© of
the remains^ .j. ' :': ' ■ ■"■■ ■■}'.
« ♦ «
Self rerpect ]■ on pood terms with the
Old Government Whisky. • .
Yenterday's Insolvent.
WillUm K<*lly. nurseryman at San : Jose;
liabilities. SSOrt; asKert^. tMH • . :
■« ♦ ■
I^iiili* 1 tailor-mAde rait*, fur capei, clo*k«.
cniiu U. KothKctiiid. at Poet at. •.■-.•; ; . • (
BANKER FRY IS
A DEFENDANT IN
A DIVORCE SUIT
His Wife Has Filed a
Counter Action.
STATUTORY GROUNDS NAMED
HE MADE VARIOUS CHARGES
OF CRUELTY.
Decrees of Divorce Were Granted to
Many Unhappy Couples and
Others Have Sued for
Legal Separation.
-~.Marit.aJ ; discord.' has prevailed .; D the
Jibmo of Robert I>. Fry. .pri?>W. : nt' : -oprhe
Valifoi nJa.-: Safe ; .-. l.VjvosU Oimpaniv;-who.'
resides .ou Purilie uvi : Hue, i Or. Huiiie . tiroe
jM-st, aivii' this vVa*. t'yltlt'novil.v.iov.'fl-V.suH
for divorce iiltd October ij by: Mr/; Fry,:
.for a." divorce from his >vifv, Annie.'.G;..
Fry. on the ground of <-rut i:y. Mr. Fry.
however,: in - addiltun to :i.»ro>ecutnig : hi*
Wit. mu>T defend anotli'T nied. yesterday
by hU \vif« for a. diyuri-e ; i -Tii him OP.,
;Matuiur> grounds. . •'■'.:"■: -V:- ■• ;'-•"
la hU vtJiaj>l:il!u' Mr. Fry '. alleged that
hi* wife baU ii»iorm«-'l varU»a>.£rHnds.ifcat :
r'lu- hated, her . husband* .aud:ih:;t.". sho
woliM ;-ue him fcr divorce as .->>t>>i as ?he
i-uttlil; "Mvure- JUv.lw a-* h«-r. share- oj ; tho
<ojiuiUiiaty j-rojn rty.- ll. r iuriiur
■ tUut fhf informed her.;" f riv-jui!« '• uiat. «o>e;
liai.V I>. ei> ad\ -JM'il. hy counsel that Fry*/
.t;usiii«'j!S. %voulU t>e ■.i.if.<mh,i s!tai*>' .•»>>'
Janu;irv 1 next tJmt she cotiUl i;w-iiy. s?t
i-ure iH.: covvi' <l flw .'«"'•. ajni That- .sht;.
w.ujM wait uni.l mat "lime ]».r«rv.r«tja-.
:HK-iii.\!iK iir<»c«-vvJin^> f«>r a. 1-khT i-oj'aJ-a- :
tloij. lilsvulc, he ailt-KiiJ. hail r«'fuK».a.to
live wjUi. him: for >t!\t-raJ muJiths. a:id.
tJiia, in cfwnecli^n • with ilit' aUipuliiiiij::
nu«> ; il, had cauM-d . htm tri'at surf, rim;.
Tlw.v.oui]> w.-<fre niarruvi in July. ISsd, and .
haw- -oiu'-x-hild, RawW l>- *"ry. Jr. Jx- : ~: : .'
Mn?- l r ry'> ooum«-r ■suJi for divorce was
lii<-»l \ Yjiti-tfday. .iftt rnoini. nrnl : her;, alle
"natioils v<in;nultcU"d.liy:ihu^v: of -ht't :-husv.
rutnti j»r«''!ni>e to o'niiuctc.a. divorce suit.
tiuiV.-.for !t.'»t;:itJ»!ial MU-vt-liH'^Ullt - til not
be suri>;t>'>«r«t. forxmie tin:i ; .t<.' emmv: -;.:.->
,Tuds«.- liru'liiCvrri.J'i lias, granted--; Rx>Sa
;KoX.- ; a divi>i-r*':'fri.'!ii . .Max Ff>x on the ;
pround <>f vxlrt-me •crm ; hyl;.' : ":'lp."uililltiyj>.'ti>
&mtW« Mrs. Fv»x UK« cqst.ydy uf her mi* ;
nor i-.hi id; MclyiHe. s»;i.«l -t h>:- 'tikht ; to .take ■
ihe- .-i.jid- out . <«f ." -:\iir -. St'tt.'. : .the :«'ouri:_
awanNd Iwriitli' to t\v... l.'.([.H:-of Uiud/.u
IM.rUyu of .Kfi-hnwiiid M.nk.;*>. "•.•". : ;;-V^*w
Ap<io, Marie C'huroh Was grunted. ij.:dlr
\uro- :Vfst«rday in>tu ■■'■--: -J>.tyW "-.': ' Arioni:
t'h.Unrh *wi the : jrrou:>d cruvlty. : :Ti>e
l>laaiujff . wa& KTiuited .•allqw*ny- in .'■ the
mni. of"JSs •'•■'a.'/morith ami. r-th»v .j-ttcM. j-ttcM ;-ta.
resume. her .maiiivn natnt'.UAKua, .Marie ,<le :
JU'mif.. : iv.i- ; .; ■ . :".V. ;•' >> •_ '>■'■?.<.•'■"-' r;-' «-Kfe.*l
Dct'WS -of : •divnrro : ha-ve':also : . : .lK-fr«..'.
prajjti.Hl . pora ■-: ItatiWh ■. Trci«i JBraLtre*^
K. Jlaukin -on the .•"'■■ KrMin4 ;,- of .wiUful ;
desf rtioji^ CaSadOrii 1; U'dr ffrtirt t;.s«r^i; : ;
-c, "AVeir on :.',tfife::."."iriS>uf>4' :•:.■«*:-.' desertion; 1 .
i'hark'S H. Xsrc^n • fr«>m-:-<.»tiida:.l>.'f r«>m -:-<.»tiida :.l>.' ;<ir«>''ft« : !
on the RT-iuud ■rif. t-Xtr^m.« .fjurKyi^l-^lieV
liv Putti-r from : H«rty Pottor. a drrjm.- ;
m<tr." on thp prnutid of : rallunv. io provide-..
Ivottie M-?l<irtok:fr^m .Charts --t.:.;; Mel
• Irk'k on the KT^und.' Qf '.dvaertio-n.' -and
<:aroiin« • Sprasu^ fn<m • JojKoph :• Kivragae,".
on the wound, ttf .^vserXion; sSutts for ai- ;
vorce nn the jßrriuud . : .of- de**rtWa ". havft I
bcon--Biwl by- Nathan ■ Marlon, lagatlittit:;
Jnsc^htne JJarPtrwi; : ",Ad.oli>h- Ple.r-. jrtcataßt. ;
Sadlo rier and Wlmiie; E- Pa>;n6 against
l»uis : Bt-'Pajmeir.'r.f" • V \ •v.^V. ":- r.-^y :
Frank 11. Mills. ■: for • maHV ' y^nrs". n
promlnffiMiifnjbftr. of thY» Su«e National
Guard ar.d MiPfilon Parlor; ".Native- Hans'
of the Qoldon Wfst; has been su^d toy hi i .
■wife. Lena. B...Mii!s, 'tor a. d}vorce;pn twe
pround of desertion. . In the complaint. it
is spt forth that the . UtUrants-": married In
r>ecem'l>i«r of . 1K«4.: Mr. Mills -^Conducts " n
r»lumbini? e?tabli?hmont at 327 Turk
Ftrcet, which Mrs Mills nllojjes hrlnps In
a rood Income.. She l»rays f*>r alimony in
the sum of $40 a month, toother with a
dlviFlon of the oummunlty property,
which is valued atlts"oo. .: •• - : \ '■::': :'- . .;. •';.•:■;
WATCHED AND WAITED
FOR FiERY METEORS
TTtICENNIAX SHOW CAUSED
GREAT INTEREST.
Clouds Interfere Some-what With the
Vie-w, but a Few Blr.zin^ Chunks
of Comet Tail Broke Through
the Misty Sky.
Mr.: than ono.rieck -will. Tie sore ; and
stiff this morninp. From, the condition*
it would . appear that m>c)rs • wore ncvVr
Intended to crari<v or stretch In the dlrccr
I tlon of : heaven, while the beings, to whom.
I they belong pased patently and anxious
| ly for trJcennlal displays >f .llamlnK fr:o:-
I ments : fmm the- tail -.of & cornet that
t passes away .Us time buzzing; about th«
j Fun. Sail : Francisco:" astronoxnorrs, both
j amateur and: pn»f«'ssloiial,- and many of
I thos=«). :wi}Q do not.know. the_ difference be
j twecn. .astronomy : and boardiriff. house
stew, wtjre out' last' night and during the
small rtfturs of this morntiiK: watching for.
the promi*e«l <rek-?tlfil <1.-ro'.<nntr;<Jl : On
roof tojw Und othiMr places of :nif - the
star piizers :• Flood ; • and ■ .-waited, and
watchef. .', Tho were? lined with
the iurirtns who furßot about. slwp in an
eiHltavor- to get- a J>ecp sit. th<- show,.- ..
v • Every- . old • telescope. £ in . t h^ t'ity . was
dustrd and brought into -use.- whilv somv
of the ln<xp"ri.oni «.il tli'iupjit; that the me
tteoHc Birotpcr .-was- to; be s.uijh. -a. brilliant
affair tljat the.v.-wf-re ,ifrrii<l tn look at it
%rtthth<> :nnki>d ,eye,..iuul thoy-piiSFrd' the.
■early. •'Vf-niiip: COatjngj'-plecftSj of broken
(s'Janfl vrlth lamp;- black. • 'n^urts interfereil
somewhat . with; The. ' *ky ; lir- 1 wrk^, but
from reports rccMved tlie t-xhibltlon was
not a total failure;-:! : [ .; .:■•.• •• .
In lowa a Jif- -slz«.'l met(ror.- fell, and
b<»ml n bVvlff In the. furth- fifty feot square.
This . luippened jtrhr . Webster . City. . The
meteor was a:real warm, article, for.ac
cordinK-tr» ihv< - t<"legTapii«l acrounts it
wtik Ktill ..Fi-ethlnß find steamlr.j; th. morh-
Ingr after. Jt had faljenv -and. it ; . Was impuH
£ibl« ta.aßceriiUti its dimensions. .:
:..I)owh at Lima, .Peru, the celestial phe
nomena was not noticed, but Khprtly after
midnlfiht .ycMf-rday.mornlnß there was a
FtroiiK »-.'inhquake Fhptk that answered
Till purp r 'Ses; for ?hone.who were hunting
for excUjjiient. •; ThJS: was accompanied
by rumbli'ijrs f roril the nkU'S. The people
of Lima and. CaliaojTushwJ to the streets,
jmbllc pnuarr-s nnritlie, sra beach and lost
ail interest in tin. tporic phower.
.BEUKTvI^EY, Nov; X6.— At the. observa
tory of the.- "University of California Dr.
Armin: O;- 1.. .-;:.. i. th« :director In
<harffe. had: a force; f thirty assistants
on hand :t<» imake: observations upon th«
phenomenon as soon- as It: Should apjieju-;
Shortly-.after itiiiintWH. th«~.n>en brfriih to
colk'Ctahd. to K.efth(ilr.'ihjitruments in or
der. Fortunately the nlk.hV:l*=vory:elcHrV
so that. Tvcrythlnif -is •• »ur:ihii- for i,i,
tainiiiK to 4 m«>!«t.,tccuratjc records;.possi
ble. - The YAk Bhower la expecied .to. be-at
its brlK>u«st. about. 2 o'efcrck/ but-.obser
vations are : lo be continued ut; the observi
atory until 4 o'clock in the.mOrnlnff. Ar
ran«em«;nl.s for a; complete.. ' RhotpKrapWc
record; ha v« been carried .out 'on/an: elab
orate scale and the- result ->)f : thift work
may fornl a valuable contribqtlV>h;tp the
complete dala corinected- with; the occur
rence. Among ".other ■ detalls:- : Dr. ; >I>-us
chncr hart arranged tQ /determine itHe; den
sity nf ;th«* swarm . and the : comparative
brilliance of the falling bodic^:;- -•-;-.• T--
Oro Fino Will Celebrate.
...Thts. young ladlfcs. who coin.pbs6 th«»
membership of Oro;Flnd 'Parior .' N«S. - 9 : ot
the Native 'Daughters qf the.GoidCii? \V^si
intend to make a prihnd -display -on th«
occasion of '- the : ml-< • i.:.i.-ii ■■•' anni
versary' at . the admlßslon of ; « ■.Ulf..rnia
Into the uni".r. : of- States .on " the:Stti. of
September,- 1000. . To accomplish :th}a the
parlor has created. a fund, and to Increase
this they, have deei(J«;-d . to K i\ . a benellt
entextalnment at the-. Alcazar. on W'Mns*«
day c\-eninK ipexU:?~'Di6 : raoniay that win
be realized for this fund will be expended
for the glorification of th«, grand anni
versary. . • • • ".. .'■. : :: •• •■ : -. : ' .-:/-. • ..•■-
The choicest club whiskey Is Je«»»-;jioor»
AA," and la club life It la In crest /i«^rfaj)^_ •' .
TITE SAN FPAXCTSCO CAT,!,. THURSDAY, XOYEMBER IG. 1899.
DEATH CLAIMED HIM
DURING HIS HONEYMOON
ANDREW DONAHUE MARTIN.
~7\ XDREW DONA.HUEJ • MAJITpf ; tbA ; younK : capifcUist. died : at; Palm
/; \ : Bprthiga shortly after 12 oVlocfc^y^titisrday: inprnliiK. after, ai wasting: l\U
Springs shortly after V 2 o'ol'K-k y.-^;< -r.lay tnofniiig, after a wasting i!l
*Z?*'i with which hf had been "afflicted. for many months. The news.pffhlß
•? ; • i.Bad ending; was conveyed to hi." brothers, peter and WalteriMartln this
lty. In a prJyat^ •■■in lh«/ vt 1 . f-slri.k»:ii mnther, M- .Kleanor.Mar^
tin, "\vho: av!»s ;vt'h""; !•«)» vViigeles' wlijcn. she h:^ apprised of the. death of .her.
youngi-s^t :5-0n..;. T ■/)■'■'''.'■■ ■'■-..-..r '■'.-■ -- :: - <''■'■';''■'' : . '.-'jj =. ":' : " /-..' '■■' '"'- : : .-'\- •''• V":;'-'..
. . Thi* untimely .ending .of Andrew '.;Mar_U.n is made particularly, sad from: the
fact that jiist -seven ye'eJcs .ago.-. he .was- married to Ifim Gene^eve Goad, on"
cf.lhe belles of. San Francisco. "The. wedding was a brilliant affair and caused
quit « a stir In toclety circle*. Th..- Hi"rnU,K* after the ceremony the happy
3ouug>jouple departed for the^ {jroprn's home In MohteeltQ, near. Santa Bar
liant, where they r.-:ii>:tin-.-<i . until \ two;.^cx*k4 ago. . At that time M.inin's .con?
dition becanie such that. : hlßiU tending physician. I»r. H;\:>. s. tiiought it best
for.: him to- bfl at his borne In Palm Springs, where thie lungs of the Sick: man
might be beneliteil by. the dry and bracing atmosphere. ; Mr. Martin's devoted
wife nurse*! him assiduously^ but without avail, and in a crUflly.^hprt time she
has be«.n ;tranMfi»rmed. fru-.n a huppy. .bride Ip a sorrowing widows :• •; ■•'. .'. ; .
P •' Mr Martin's jRiu sh da u-s'. bat-k.; f rcim -..th^ .Uriie he. ; went to. : New York, .two
yfars ;.,. -to n • ••'. . |pjjT3hft)vier; .P.^ter,; *rtip wag lifting from .' Europe. •',•• An
drc-ty "caught a hm\t?^ : cold ; on. lhc.:trip,; amV^ . I'lii! i«l' Iphiu all win
ter, i 3'He had several -!-h^<>^ha^ei«,^bUt.:.- : Knid.iiTUiy--:RiJned' : strengthv wi-nt to
I'alm gprlngsi .and; ..'.\y cam- to ;thls^ cltj'";'. where ;his .-n).-ai:"m.-nt =to .Miss
G«iid.":Wai?:ai>nouhced<!" •■..■•:■;■••." ;• "•;.'; :' : '.:'_:.'■'. '.■>'•"."•:■ ■■■-■: : - '■' ■ '■' i ;.; : *.| ••••" : .'"l'". '•.••.;•''■•'
'"=^/H^'Vas' l: years .^Ui- at . the ' tinir> of. hi deaih,~ and Ava.s popular in club and
social: circles. His brother; Peter an^.^M^ step-brother. J. .Downey ; Harvey, left
pn:the."pwlV. laslev*^^^^ ••■ ial train to this
city morrow. \So .arr.ingV-mertts. haye ; ; .ji.s...yvf : :-l)rcii-; mrfde for"" ihp. : funeral.
biJt It. will probably take place-on .S.aiurdfiy. Thei remains will »>♦ Interred/ln
ilie : family;, plat in Calvarj* .Cemetery, .beside . Ihbse^ktf ; his I father, - hi- ifffejK
rToihrrs. Th •>mas ;u>i Edward, stnd hi.s 'sisterjcaitra; ■••:. ". " i'-':^.--\ X'" : '■''?'■■
•.:V. ;: A;.ndrd>' Martin was raU<d asVbeing.tvorth; pv>r JSOG 4 000, which. lie IhherUed
from his father And from the Peter' .I>o.hahuw t'Siatie. "'The bulk ..f ; his i~..-s-
Blbnsvrili; In : all likelihood/ go to; hlsCwidoviv '■'■-.■ :.-•■':."■■' »; >:.\:r:.v. :■ -J .-..
FARMERS ARE PLEASED.
The Frequent Bains Give Promise of
•.'■:'. '■:■ a Prosperous Season.' : ■.:•:■'.
The-- weather yesterday, according. to the
Southern .: Pacific .Company'iJ. : buiUtlns.
Underwent; but; little : change throughout
the- interior of. the State, though there
were.-heavj* showers in. th« vicinity of
San Franciifco; and at various points
■Jong the coast. ••/ : '..- ... '; ; •
Inlaiid away from the w-ater. the skies
remained ■ overcast and . threatening,
though there was comparatively littlo
Absolutely Pure.
Made from Grape Cream of Tar-
MS:IS^^IsSSIII^ healthful and effi- Jlj
'% i {^lllliij^iettjtl of all leavening agents. !lS|BBii
v .;' j".:--/**:^";. >' ■ {.- l-£;*.rv 0. •! !^ : ''?}'*•'- '•=;*•■ /. "'. Many mixtures, made in imitation of bakfnjj • ■■•>!•>•'"' A*'':-*-v::. W--" : '.;V
:\ ■y^:,\. -'-'''y' \\\; ■•\\*-"\'^ -''''' •'■<• %\ '■'"■Y-.l' %' Ik- powders, are upon the market They ara ;C!';^' • r:^'-^ : ': ;
■:-•' •". i• " ■'• [■'. N.-V-N'.^'llV •" '"•' "'i '•'' --• '•'•'•" .-- '■'■'■>• sold cheap, but are dear :at any price, be* '••; '■\:l t/M-.y:.:-;i---?-it /M-.y:.:-;i---?-i ';":'
% " : \:^ \ : ; rV/;i;r V/;i; :'!•' |-;. : Vi.;':;".v.; : .i ".-; : : '■£'. ';■'■'.:■' ■; : cause they contain alum, a corrosive poison. Vl;' pj- : ;
rain, notwithstanding: the promises in the
heavy ...clouds.": ■'• • ■'.•■■"•■,"."• -■.■."••.••■•.• '
•In the vicinity - of . Sacramento - an.j
throuph the Snn iquln Valley. Jtlooka
us thoMKh; he farmers may :'e.xpect a little
nKire wettlrif down for thutr crops: before
timiL- settle down to the month ornoot
dryness :hat generally follows an .early
downpour. ■■•'•. ;.'• >'■ ;■.'••.." -.•.-..•
In any case there need he no fear of a
repetition of the trouble* of. a twelve
month ago. The entire country : han. been
freshened up by the rainfall already hail
and the consequence i- that every thing
looks most propitious for the man nho
has to depend -.on the . fecundity of the
poll for the hank account, that is to carry
hlmst-Jf-and family through the winter. .
NETTIE CRAVEN
SAYS THE WILL
IS INVALIDATED
Sues to Set Aside the
Fair Testament.
GROUNDS OF THE PETITION
CONTESTS FILED BY CHTL
HAVE THIS RESULT.
If Even the Theory of the Suit Pre
vails the Millionaire's Estate
Must Be Distributed to
the Heirs.
" Mrs. 'Nettle R. Craven, as the alleged
widow of the late James G,'. Fair, has
tiled another action in the Superior Court
for the purpose of gaining possession of
brio-third; of. the. estate of the ileceased
millionaire,' The action is in the nature
of an application for partial distribution
to her of V widow's/portion of the estate
and If even the theory upon .which . the
motion is mnde Is approved, by the court,
the entire estate of -.the. deceased will be
distributed according to law without ref
>rt>.nce to . the will which ; has been -ad
mitted to probate. . : .• •, :
The motion contests the right of Charles
I,'. Fair. Virginia Vanderbllt and Theresa
A. ' <).lrichs .to the interests bequeathed
their) by Senator Fair on the ground that
they have violated the provisions of the
will, and hence are. not legally entitled to
take, advantage of its provisions. ';•• . :
• Aft«r jetting forth the fact that the In
come from decedent's .estate exceeds 1600,
<K»J!.a;year, and that sine,- Senator Fair's
death ; the: Income has. amounted . to .over
J1.W3.454. Mrs. Craven quotes a section of
the. will n.« : . follow*: 4 'l now expressly
provide that- If any on.- or more, of the
legatees, or devisees in this will named or
provided shall at any time commence. any.
proceeding to contest this will the legacy,
■devise and provision therein bequeathed,
devised a.!i<l provided for shall from that
tiny- become; vol.)." •.•■• ■'■': ■••• ; - -.'. :
' Mrs. Craven cites. the fact, that on May
7. IS9s. : Charles :L,. Fair, and on March 23,'
1597, Virginia; Vanderbllt and Theresa a
< i.-lrichs commenced contests against the
win. and in consequence the provisions of
the : will bequeathing 1 them. Interests In the
estate are void and i the properties and
cumulated Income are now subject to
dtstrlhutioii to the irs-at-iaw cif the d<»«
ceased.. In. keening with this theory. Mrs.
Craven prays for the distribution to her
of orie-thlrd. of. the properties, the widow*>
portion.; : ■;•■'■..';••■■'>.■•• ■ ':■'•"■- :.--r^ : ■■■■'■' ■ : .-'-''
: I'f)ncA:& Ponce; .W. \V. F*oote, Denson,
Oatman A- Denson. A. Ruef and John H.
Dlckingon, appear as petitioner's counsel,
: .T)r. .rarVff'* <".iii.-h Cure... One dose will Hop
a cough. . N-\.t fall*:'. Try )t. Be. All druggists.*
DEATH OF BROKER WHITELY.
He Has Been for Many Years the
■'■'.. Custom-House Attorney for the
: : lw : - Southern Pacific Company.
. \V. ". If , Whit.-ly. ,-i well-known Custom
house, attorney. <ii»<i last Tuesday at his
residency in this city. itfter a sickness of
three years. > Mr. AVhitely hod been for
many years the attorney for the Southern
Pacific Company in the Custom-house,
and before: that period had b»>en a rnessen
r< r In the. OtiHtom-houso and a clerk In
tho naval Office In the same l>uildin<.
About three years ago he was: smitten
with paralysis and was confined to his
room from that time until be died.
The deceased was a single man. and hla
only known relatives are two unmarrle<l
sist.rs. Laura and Margaret, of this city,
and Mrs. a. H. Dunbar.of New York. To
the credit. of his employer, the Southern i
Pacific Company. it must he said that Mr
Whitely was allowed half salary during i
the. whole period of his sickness. . :
ilale's.
the store will be open Saturday evening* until Christmas
935 to 947 <^MSdi^*-^ ffl -**,&<*** ' lt>lie store
Market Street. JffmJ^ ' "J?- mother i ikcs
hemstitched handkerchiefs
one of our $5 hats
a prettily
'. .draped turban,
Mifit^y in shades of
MsPrffiu&i&'A gray, with
ra^-V^y>}|'* white grebe
§ draped turban,
\ in shades of
'•»!» K«"ay, with
white
breast trim-!
ming, fastened i
with stee!
//Ijiyw^' buckle, ribbon
'?|'7l W /'^V' rosettes on
X i"X s > bandeau,
$5.
♦ *
men's good goods
our ."Affidavit" brand of collars and
cuffs was made for us as the very
best in style, workmanship, fit and
wear; we sell them to give satisfac-
tion; :iii states and shapes.. ..... ..;..,.
collars 10c pair; cufrs l«2-3c pair
men's and boys' nightshirts, made
from good quality muslin, neatly em-
broidered front, collars and cuffs:
also plain v. hit" twill cotton night
gowns; all sizes. 12^ to lS'/s-.^Oc <* '-h
cloak department
• 50 'henrietta .. cashmere wrappers,
lined all through: fitted waist linings;
waist trimmed with self ruffle, braid
and ribbon; wide, full skirts: black,
garnet, b1ue. . , . ... ... ... ... . . . $■" each
- 10 dozen wool moreen underskirts,
made with wide, full noun three
small full ruffles with cord headings;
assorted colors and b1ack... 53.75 each
20 dozen hand-crocheted shawls In
white just arrived and placed on sale;
they are in five sizes at . . 1i . . . . . .......
;$l. 51.25, $1.75. $2.25 and $2.50 each
35 fine: electric seal and astrarhan
10-inch collarettes, made from fine se-
lected skins and lined with the best
satin; exceptional value ..s•> each
NO CLEW TO THE
BAIL MONEY THIEF
The Investigation by. the police to dis
cover the man who presented the. stolen
receipt for $100 ball money deposited by
Charlie Poo for the release of his friend
See Wah has not so far resulted In devel
oping a clew. Clerk Conway of Jud»,'e
i Mohan's court told Detective Dillon ves
t.-niay that a man showed him the receipt
last Friday momlnc, ami he took him to
Clerk Rice of Jud^e Conlan's court. Con
way also said that he happened to be In
the Treasurer's otllce wh»n the man Wai
paid the mom He did not know the
man, but thought he had seen him haiiK
iniz around the Police Courts.
Kxper' Kytk:i examined EUce'i books
and reported to Chief Lees that th. signa
ture "Al O*NeU" resembled the handwiit-
Inp of about a dozen other names in the
bail book, and Jie was of the opinion that
they were all written by nice. Several
were sinned "T. .1. ' • N. II," a Chinatown
guide, and he was asked to look at the
signatures. He admitted they were In ills
handwriting, as Chinese often gave nlm
the receipts for ball money so as to save
them the trouble of going to the City Hall
themselves. Anolher was the . slpnature
"A. Campbell." which turned out to he
that of Attorney Archie Campbell. Expert
Kytka was at fault In repard to these
slpnatures. and «'l>rk Rice declares that
he Is equally at fault regarding the oth
ers. Rice handed his books over to Ex
pert "Williams of the Board of Supervis
ors yesterday and demanded a full lnvi-s
tipation. .• .
Ju.l*r.- Conlan announced from the bench
yesterday that in future he would Initial
all receipts for ball money, and would
personally see that the presenter was
Identified. lie did not propose to have
any scandal attached to nls courL
The pollcc'do riot explain why no com
plaints have been made to them If R:ce
has been doing a wholesale business In se
curing ball moneys for himself. The pres
ent expose will have the effect of putting
an: end to the existing lax system. .
FOOTPADS IN JHE MISSION.
Two Employes of the Alhambra The
ater Held Up by Three Men on
Valencia Street.
J. Morrlsscy nnd W. Q. Rusk,, employes
at the -Mllamlir.i Theater, were walking
alonjr V;ti. -i.i ■: i street about 'i o'clock yes
terday morjiin^r.. when th- men stepped
up to them:brtwWn Thirteenth and Four
teenth street*. Two of the men had re
volvers and pointed them at the heads of
MorrlSsey and Rusk, at the samp time or
dftrlnfr them to throw up their hands.
They obeyed Instantly and the third rob
ber went through their pockets, taking
$4 from Murri^s. v :itnl 50 cents and a to
nacco pottrfl from Husk. •■ ■... ; ../•:.•:■ • ..
■■' C-. J. J..>w. -nli. ■: ;:. a hi. km in. notified
l.iii. • man Folsom ■ of ; the robhrrv.- Fol
som.was then sit Twentieth and Valencia,
and' he ran toward the. scene. He »;iw
Mortisaey and Kusk. but they were too
scared to .jrtve an] accurate: description of
the robbers. H. Vender later told Folsom
that he. saw three men running along Va
lencia str..t toward -.Market . about the
tlm«. of : the robbery.- .-Morrissoy. llvps- at
3261 Twentyrflrw street and Itusk at 2j09
Mission ntreet. r - - f: ■•'.■.-;••. -. ;•-:-•. .■:•:•.-'■ -■'.
•/;. Th« only ; description : obtained :of '■''■ th«»
robbe rft was ; that two were about sfeeti
Inches tall," one 27 -years of njje. clean
shaven, wearing a -soft hat and dark
clothes, and: the other 30 years: of ape,
black mustach.-. soft ; hat and .lark
clothes. . Th.> thir.l was 6 feet : talli clean
shaven with <tark clothes. - - •■•;^. ■.••■■•■..•
MRS. BOTHIN IN TROUBLE.
Mortgaged Her House Furniture to
Four Different Persons.
; :'. Mrs... LtilU Bothlri.: -■ who ■ conducts ,i a
lodKlrlK-houiio nt. O*FarT I street, was
arrest ed.lA?tnlfrht. by Policemen Freel •nd
Floyd -. on a warrant Issued ■ -by •■ Ju«lK«*
Treadwo'llcharrfnß her with . obtaining
money, under; false pretenses:- : ; :', ■■: -v
"■ oom*> time ago Mrs. Hut bin secured !n
complete :set-of. furniture for hex lodgtnjr
housd frorii a local furniture company;, and
later; obtained -.money on it from ■ four'dif -'
feretlt . persons by vivliiK' them .chattel
mortfrairea on it. : ; : - ■'■■■■T'^- ":' ?' ••-:-;•.. -.-^ -.•■-:•.•
..; \\ . H. s.luiman wan appointed lucent for
the : duped Creditors, and when Mrs. Both
in refused : settle he swore out. a war
rant - for: hnr- arrost. ; '~ ••:;■■•■• ■; V -.;. i' : v • ■■• : :.- *y] ■ -■■-,
■ ; A few days; ago S. human and- tho cred
itors whom he. represented railed on Mr*.
Hothin and; ntt<\mpt«'d to Induce- her to
pay off trie mortgages.; Sh.- grnw. indlK
.narit--. and ;.,- had ..ii policeman .eject th.in
from-thehouw."-...;. ;..-..:•.:; ••..;-: ■/:i. / ,j_: vX'S*
Captain Henry's Murder.
.•Coroner UiH will .hold MJ : inauest at 11
o'clock this f.>r< riu.iri upon the .body of
Captain U.-nry lof th.- si. Cyruit.AVake
ti.-1.1. who- Is belli \-'i 14 •>« the vi.-tim of a
murderer, The Bailor* will be paid off In
th<> morning at th. nijlce of the Shipping
Commls'sfohifr/and'they. will be t..k>-n be
fore the Coroner t •• !". >r.- the;, land Sharks
take th.m away and get them- drunk; • As
each sailor will ■-receive .'about $150;. there
will be fat pickings! for the flharks.'.after
the. sailor*, leave the Morgue,;;;- ':■;".'■•'. •.••'• •
California Lodge, B'ne B'rith.
ralif.rnl i ££$*% No. 163 of r the Ind«»
p.'n.l'Mit Order ;Of j Uuo IVrlth kave Its
tw*Tity-ninth annual 'ball: in ' B'heo-B'rith
•Hall last niKht. : an>l th« fUnCttOTI at
tended -by many ladles... ami Kentlemen,
who rtlleii the . prettily Tdeeorttted hall.
There was a programme of fifteen num
bers, which Kav6 all.an^ opportunity ■: to
take part ln some favorite dance. /. : •.
Hales.
— seventeen thousand of
them on our center tables
to-day. V
you know what it means
at Hale's to put goods on
•he center tables, read the
meaning to you, in the prices.
4100 ladles' white hemstitched cam-
bric handkerchiefs...... 3c each
25c dozen
12.100 ladles' white and colored bor-
der hemstitched cambric handker-
chiefs.. .5c each
f»se dozen
930 ladios* plain white hemstitched
and hemstitched with three rows of
open work.. '..*... ........ V.8 l-3c each
95c dozen
flannels and
flannelettes
eiderdown flannels, good warm
goods for sacques. wrappers and chil-
dren's cloaks. In pretty plaids and
colorings; 2". Inches wld»» 40c yard
flannelette skirt pattt-rn. light col-
ors, pink and blue stripes, fancy bor-
ders: 2U yards In piece for r.r;-| n rh
skirt.... ».... r»c each
fancy flannel. In plaids and strlp»<l
tufted effects, for sacquf-s nnd wrap-
pers, good colorings; 27 Inches wjrt-
• • 30c \*rC
table damask
bleached table damask, all lln»nv
bleached double damask of fine qua1-
ity.. ....... ..65c yard
'" pieces bleached table damask, all
linen; extra heavy quality; C 6 inches
wide............ ......90c yard
<:g£ — — — __*
write to Santa Claus
for his newest book, he wrote
it for his good little toys and girls i
who live in the country and can't
ccm; to the city.
4. . I
«. 1 .
3-Day Specials !
Our way of dr.inic business: r>"«*e*>e9 a
charm for shopp^rn. The wrvlre Is In
your Interest. The roo-ia «,,],] are ■»l-
ways d^i^ndaMe. The prlrm are all
fixed with consideration for your pocket-
book.
BROMANGELON. pkg 10c
Mat a delicious
I»e»iM>rt Jelly— all flavors.
ItPßiilarly 1".-.
TOILET SOAP, box of 3 cakes.... 2sc
Oatmeal. Oly< 'Tin.- and Honey. . - .
Made by Colgate ft Co., New York.
Iwemilarly 3Co.
BRANDY..... bot. 75c. 3 bots $2.00
Gallon BU.OO
A choice 10-year-old
California firandy.
Regularly J! •<> and JI.OO.
NEW ORLEANS MOLASSES, gal 75c
New crop — exquisite flavor.
Regularly $1.00.
SALMON BELLIES, each. . . ... . . .5c
Of the new catch, very fancy.
Regularly 10c.-
HICKORY NUTS, lb 10c
:■• --A very choice In* of ■ ■■
' ... Kxcet>tlonal large slxe.
r. /Regularly 15c. •■■■
Christmas boxes tor Manila packed by
j experienced hands and shipped tree of
charge. . •••■'
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE mEE. .
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Oldnurr.ber 21 Stoc'ntan Corner Lombard.
St. n««r r/.irl.»{ . Tiliaiaaj Witt 132.
Ttltfaut Mais 5523.
| CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. |
y. y .■■'■■ \ '
<■'■ :; - :is%: i$% * * '$&$■ ■ ■•■■•■ i'
Vv-:.-:--iV v - : .- : -- if :-•••••■•. I •••■•■ r- ■ i;
i •"• :^--::ny > ■
i (' ..twelve and fifteen dollar values In |io '
I! I . «Web.ianla this week. That"* our an- '
.\ • houncement to you uvd.iy. Ilandsom* '
/ aßalrs. solid and well made. ,
THE J. iNOONAN
V : FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), ;
VIOI7-1023V IOI7-IO23 Mission STfIEBT, I
\-.:-\ ■:••-•- flbov* Slxtf). ,
Pdob* Boats I*. .;•■• '■:■:■■■ Op«n ET»ata<t. (
Catarrh, Deafness,
fcjL- XJimißU^ Vhroat*
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S «££»
632 Market St . opp. Palace HoteL
'•:'■ :':: ':- • ' ■'■'■'■ ■■ Marble stair entrance. ;•' ■ • •
. -■ ;:Hour»-9.12 a. on.; 1-3 and 7-8 D. m.
: Cut this out. present at once; good for on*
week FREE TREATMENT and medlctns at
, oJflce, or writ© tor particular*. Do not O«Ja/.