VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 110.
VICTORIOUS MARCH
OF THE INSURGENTS
President Andrade of Venezuela Retreats
After Defeat, and Castro's Army Ad
vances Toward Caracas.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 18 99, by James Gordon Bennett.
Street Scene in Caracas, Showing Capital Building on the Left.
Venezuelan revolutionists under Castro are now marching toward the capital, where there is considerable excitement
and apprehension.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 17.—
President Andrade has returned
to this city after his disastrous
defeat at the hands of the revolu
tionary army under Cipriano
Castro. The latter continues his victo
rious advance, and has reached Mara
cay.
The Cabinet is doing everything pos
sible to prevent bloodshed in Caracas.
There is great excitement. The Eng
lish. Vrencbjjtnd American Ministers
have asked th^.r respective Govern
ments for war \osselp.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— Until a
report is mad" on the matter by
Commander Hemphill of the Detroit,
showing the need of another ship, the
State Department will not ask th.±
Navy Department to order the Nash
ville to Venezuelan waters. It is said by
CLOUDS OF WAR AGAIN
HOVER OVER TRANSVAAL
LOXDON. Sept. 18.— All dispatches
from South Africa this morning
talk of the imminence of hostili
ties and the preparations for
them. In Johannesburg it seems
to be taken for granted that the Orange
Free State has approved President
Kruger*s not and promised active as
ristance in the event of war.
An official telegram posted at Volks
rust says that the Transvaal, with the
assent of the Orange Free State, repu
diates British suzerainty and adheres
to the seven years' franchise.
At Cape Town it is reported that Mr.
Hofmeyer, the Afrikander leader, sent
a communication to President Steyn of
the Orange Free State, entreating him
to do his utmost to preserve peace, but
that he received in answer the words:
"Too late."
All military men agree that it is out
of the question to begin hostile opera
tions before the middle of next month,
no rain having fallen and the veldt be
ing still bare.
It is supposed that the next move
contemplated by the Transvaal is an
appeal to the powers, begging them to
recommend arbitration on the lines of
the conference at The Hague.
There was a serious* disturbance in
the market square of Johannesbure on
Saturday afternoon, a. meeting called
by a labor agitator named Bain to con
demn the British policy and to enroll
volunteers to flf*»t for tho Hoprs led to
serious fights with the police, lasting a
couple of hours. Many persons were
injured, among them the recently noto
rious Dr. Matthews, whn made a charge
against a mounted policeman. An im
mense crowd, singing "Rule Britan
nia," accompanied him to the police
office.
LONDON PRESS THINKS
BOERS MEAN TO FIGHT
LONDON, Sept. 18.— The Morning
Post says: "The Boers mean to fight.
That is the plain English of it."
The Standard says: "The Transvaal
note is unsatisfactory, and, indeed, a
dangerous composition. It might be go
ing too far to say that the last hope of
peace has vanished or that diplomacy
has said its final word, but it idle to
deny that the rulers of the Transvaal
have brought their country very close
to the brink of a disaster, which the
British Government has done its best
to avert."
The Dally Mail says: "President
Kruger's defiance ha 3 terminated a
long period of unrest and uncertainty
in South Africa, for, whatever may be
the issue of the present situation, one
thing 1b certain that dualism in South
Alrica will en<t- forever."
The San Francisco Call.
naval officials that the Detroit will
surely arrive at La Guayra by to-mor
row or Tuesday. In a dispatch to thf;
State Department received yesterday
and mentioned in the Herald this morn
ing, Mr. Russell, Charge d'Affaires,
suggested that another warship besides
the Detroit be ordered to Puerto Ca
ballo, and Acting Secretary Allen noti
fied the State Department that the
Nashville, now at Gibara, Cuba, COOld
be sent if desired. It is understood,
h-wover, as indicated, that the State
Department will await a full report on
the situation which Commander Hemp
hill will make immediately upon his
arrival.
The dispatch announcing that the in
surrectionary forces had reached Mara
cayhas for the first time caused admin
istration officials to doubt the ability of
The Daily Chronicle says: "We re
gret that the Boers, by rejecting a
fair offer made in fair language, have
taken a line giving fresh points to the
argument of their enemies that Presi
dent Kruger is a shifty and imprac
ticable politician, fit only to be spoken
to across a line of bayonets." '
These extracts fairly represent press
opinion in London. All the papers
characterize the attempt to represent
Conyngham Greene as suggesting the
Transvaal's former proposals as mere
shifty prevarications.
The Pretoria correspondent of the
Morning Post in his summary of the
Transvaal's reply, says the Transvaal
I repudiates suzerainty and the right of
I interference, and denies that either
State Attorney "Smuts or the Govern
ment offered a five years' franchise
; otherwise than on Conyngham Greene's
| assurance that the imperial Govern
j ment would withdraw its claim of a
: right to interfere in the Transvaal's
internal affairs. The correspondent
adds: "The reply anticipates a final
alternative of a British note by saying
that further suggestions on the line in
: dicated are vain."
The Cape Town corespondent of the
! Daily Mail says: "Afrikanderbund cir
j cles profess to have Information that
| President McKlnley has intervened be
: tween Great Britain and the Trans
vaal. Sir Alfred Milner, British High
Commissioner, in reply to a correspond
! ent who had requested information re
t garding the position of British subjects
i in the Orange Free State in the event
i of hostilities, has replied that he is un
; aware of anything in the relations be
tween the imperial Governmnet and the
; Orange Free State which would justify
hostile action on the latter's part, and
expressed the opinion that it would be
equally contrary to international law to
! order out British subjects against the
i Queen's soldiers or to utilize them in
' such a manner as to set free a corre
| snonding number of burghers for ser
! vice against her Majesxy b troops. This
| is a most opportune pronouncement, as
j the Orange Free State purposes com
j manding British subjects to guard the
i Basutoland border."
EVASIVE REPLY OF
BOERS TO GREAT BRITAIN
LONDON, Sept. 18.— The reply of the
Transvaal to Mr. Chamberlain's latest
note is said to cover nine pages. It is
eminently of the "negative and inclu
sive" character which Mr. Chamber
lain declared would compel the imperial
government to consider the situation
afresh. It practically repudiates suze
rainty, reverts to the seven years'
franchise and declines to give equality
to the Dutch and English languages in
the Volksraad.
In short, it is politely negative and
defiant. The full text may not be
available for a day or two, but It will
not change the aspects of affairs. The
Cabinet will probably meet on Wednes
SAN FKANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1899.
the Government to suppress the insur
rection. Maracay is near Valencia and
<>n the road connecting that city with
("Mia fas. The capital has no defenses,
and it is thought that ("astro is moving
toward that point with a view of in
vesting it and proclaiming a revolu
tionary party Government.
Senor Pulido, Venezuelan Charge
dAffaires. said to-night: "I am unable
to give any reason for the return of
President Andrade to Caracas, for I ana
without official information concerning 1
the progress of the revolution. I am
confident, however, that he participated
in any battles that may have occurred
with his usual bravery, judgment and
skill and that his return to Caracas is
for the purpose of taking fresh meas
ures for suppressing the insurrec
tion."
day or Thursday to consider the next
step.
PRETORIA, Sept. 17.— The reply of
the Government of the South African
republic to the latest dispatch, dated
September 12, of the British Secretary
of State for the Colonies, Joseph Cham
berlain, after acknowledging the re
ceipt of the British note, proceeds in
part as follows:
The Government deeply regrets the
withdrawal, as the Government under
stands it, of the invitation contained in
the British dispatch of August 23 and tha
substitution in place thereof of an en
tirely new proposal.
The proposals, now fallen through
contained in the Transvaal dispatch of
August 19 and August 21, were elicited
from this Government by suggestions
made by the British diplomatic agent in
Pretoria (Conyngham Greene) to the
Transvaal State Secretary <I<\ W. Reitz),
suggestions which this Government acted
upon in good faith and after specially
ascertaining whether they would be likely
to prove acceptable to the British Gov
ernment. This Government had by no
means an intention to raise again "need
lessly the question of its political status,
but acted with the sole object of en
deavoring by the aid of the local British
agent to put an end to the strained con
dition of affairs.
This was done in the shape of a pro
posal which this Government deems, both
as regards its spirit and form, to be *:>
worded as relying upon Intimations to thia
Government would satisfy Her Majesty's
Government. This Government saw a dif
ficulty as to the acceptance of these pro
posals by the people and legislature of the
Transvaal and also on account of a sin
cere desire to secure peace and because
assured by Mr. Chamberlain that such
proposals would not be deemed a refusal
of his proposals, but would be settled on
their merits.
As regards the joint commission, the
Transvaal adheres to me acceptance of
the invitation thereunto given by Her
Majesty's Government and cannot under
stand why such commission which before
was deemed necessary to explain the com
plicated details of the seven years' law
should now be deemed unnecessary and
why it should now, without much in
quiry, be thought possible to declare this
law inadequate.
Further, there must be a misappre
hension if it be assumed that this Govern
ment was prepared to lay proposals for a
five years' franchise on a quarter repre
sentation of the new population before the
Volksraad for unconditional acceptance
As to the language, this Government
never made any offer such as Is referred
to, considering, as it did, such a measure
both unnecessary and undesirable.
The proposed conference, as opposed to
the joint commission of inquiry, this Gov
ernment is likewise not unwilling to enter
upon, but the difficulty is that an accept
ance thereof is made dependent upon the
acceptance, on the side of the Tran«vaal
of precedent conditions which this Gov
ernment does not feel as liberty to submit
to the Volksraad and. moreover, the sub
jects to be discussed at the conference re
main undefined. This Government
ardently desires and gladly accepts arbi
tration, as its firs intention is to adhere
to the terms of the London convention of
1884.
The dispatch concludes by trusting
that the British Government on recon
sideration may not deem it fU to make
more onerous or new proposals, but will
"adhere to Great Britain's proposals for
a joint commission of Inquiry as pre
viously explained by the Secretary of
State for the Colonies to the Imperial
Parliament."
WHITES SLAY
NEGRO MINERS
IN ILLINOIS
Carterville the Scene of a
Fearful Riot Bel ween
the Rival Races.
SIX MEN SLAIN AND
SEVENTH WILL DIE.
Governor Tanner Styles the Affair
a Blot on the State and Orders
Out the Militia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/-> ARTERVIL^E, 111.. Sept. 17.—
I Cartervllle was the scene of a
I bloody riot between white and ne
y^j gro miners to-day. Six negroes
were killed and one other mortal
ly wounded. Company C, Fourth Regi
ment, I. N. G., arrivtd here late this
evening and will endeavor to preserve
order. Forty miners from the Ilerrin
mines left that place for this city this
evening armed with Krag-Jorgensen
rifles, determined to assist the white
miners should their services be re
quired.
Trouble has been brewli. ; ever since
the militia was recalled by Governor
Tanner last Monday. sine* which time
the white miners have refused to allow
the negro miners to come into town.
To-day thirteen negroes marched into
the town and opened fire on a crowd of
whites. The whites returned the fire
promptly :.nd a running tight ensued.
The negroes, closely followed by the
whites, scattered, some running up the
main street and the remainder starting
down the railroad track. Here the
worst execution was done. After the
' fight was over four dead bodies were
| picked up and another mortally wound
i cd. They were taken to the City Hall,
where the wounded man was given
medical treatment and an inquest was
held over the dead ones. Later, near
the brush mines in another part of the
city two other dead bodies were found.
The killed:
R2V. O. T. J. FLOYD.
HI'SE BRADLEY. ■
JOHN BLACK.
HENRY BRA NUM.
TWO UNIDENTIFIED.
Mortally wounded: Sim Cummings.
The Mayor has taken every precau
tion to prevent further troubles and
none will occur unless the negroes
make an attack.
Superintendent Donnelly of the Brush
mines, where the negroes reside, re
ports that the negroes are worked up
into a frenzy and that while he is do
ing all in his power to hold them in
check he expects further trouble.
Late to-night Governor Tanner re
ceived the following telegram from
Sheriff Gray of Carterville:
Company C has reported to me. The
situation is critical. There are many
armed men in Carterville and in the vicin
ity of the Brush mine. The military com
pany is not sufficient to disperse the mob.
Governor T_nner telegraphed Sheriff
Gray as follows: "You sha.. have all the
force necessary to enforce the law and
b Ing the guilty parties to justice."
MURPHYSBOKO, 111., Sept. 17.— One
of the t".ead negroes at Carterville is a
preacher, the others are laborers. One
of the negroes when first shot started
to run. He was shot again and fell.
One of the white men then ran up and
shot him through the head with a rifle.
The shooting took place immediately
in front of Mayor Zimmerman's house
and in full view of several ladies seated
jon t"..e porch. Before the noise of the
first shots had died away the streets
began to fill with excited, armed men.
After the crowd of negroes had been
killed and scattered it was the evident
intention of the infuriated miners to
gc to Gre'^ville, where the big non
union negro camp is located, and finish
the worl-. All the afternoon an anery
crowd of men patrolled the streets.
Later the projected trip to Greenville
was apparenti called off.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Sept. 17.—Gov
ernor Tanner has ordered two compa
nies of the Fourth Regiment, under
command o" Colonel Bennett, to Car
terville. The Governor gave out the fol
lowing statement to-night:
I received a message from Captain
Brush, owner and manager of the mine at
Carterville, stating that a mob had at
tacked and killed five of the negro miners
while waiting at the Illinois Central de
po'. for a train; that the Sheriff was un
able to control the situation and was
powerless to arrest the parties, asking me
to order troops to Carterville, and that he
had ordered his men to stay on his
ground.
In response to this message, knowing
some of the conditions of that place and
without waiting to hear from the Sh-riff
I ordered Lieutenant Lowden of Company
C of Carbomiale to proceed at once to
Carterville, preparing a special if neces
sary, and when reaching Carterville to
suppress the riot and protect litV and
property, but report to the Sheriff of
Williamson County for orders, in the
event that the Sheriff was on the gmuni-l
I also ordered Captain Hersh of Coin
\ pany B of Newton to proceed with his
1 company by the quickest route to Carter
ville, and to report to Colonel Bennett for
riot duty. At the same time I ordered
Colonel Bennett of the Fourth Regiment
who lives at Greenville, to proceed to
Cartervlle at once and take charge of the
troops. I also directed the commandinK
officer of Company F of Mount Vernon to
prepare to be in readiness to move on
short notice.
At 4 o'clock, two hours from the time
I received the message mentioned from
Captain Brush, I received a message from
Lieutenant Lowden, of Company C, of
Carbondale, stating that he would leave
on a special train for Carterville at 4
o'clock this afternoon. Later I received
a meßsage from Captain Brush stating
that later reports showed that six of his
men were killed and two injured and that
a large armed mob of men was between
Carterville and his mine and that one
company was not sufficient.
This 13 a blot on the fair name of the
commonwealth or' unrnli and will be a
disgrace to. the community of Williamson
County, unless quic. and vigorous action
is taken by the county authorities. The
good and law-abiding citizens of William
son County should rise to the situation
and support the officers in restoring peace
and order and in the arrest and eonvic
i tion of the guilty parties. I hope that the
Newton Company will reach Cartervilie
before morning and before any conflict oc
curs, but I do not believe and .5,,a1l not
believe until it happens, that the strikers
will attack the National Guard or at
tempt to oppose it in doing its duty.
JUSTICE THROTTLED
BY A BIASED JUDGE
Magistrate Rodden, Caught at His Game,
Attempts to Destroy Evidence Against
Himself,
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 17.— Justice
of V.:p. Peace G. Rodden is making
an effo: . to use his office to pun
- * ish those with whom he has had
personal differences. If this mag
istrate were given a free rein no man
who engendered his displeasure would
be safe. In his hands the machinery
of a court of law is a dangerous weapon
with which it appears he would not
hesitate to punish the innocent ormulct
the defenseless. The measure by which
this Judge deals out law to the unfor
tunates whosj unlucky star leads them
to his court is the quesion of friend or
foe. And woe to the foe who falls into
the clutches of Justice of the Peace
Rodden. To such the wheels of his
court machinery turns to grind their
very bones. No quarter is shown.
They are enemies of the Judge and Jus
tice is not for them.
The Call has caught this tyrant in
the very act of condemning a defendant
who had not been given a hearing; of
preparing to punish a man who in the
eyes of the law is innocent of crime,
because he has not been proven guilty;
of sealing the fate of this man, so far
as lay within his power, before he had
been given an opportunity to be heard
in court.
Citizens of Marin County, how does
such a picture strike you? Those of you
who are lovers of liberty and upholders
of the law, how do you fancy the idea
of liberty and law being throttled by
an unscrupulous, venomous person who
has wormed himself into office upon the
pmmise that he would deal out justice?
| Those of you who take pride in your
j county, can you look your fellows
squarely in the face when the proof
goes forth that no man's peace or hap
piness is safe in your midst who has
caused the displeasure <- " your town
ship magistrate. G. Rodden, Czar of the
j Justice Cou.i of San Rafael by the
i grace of himself and the permission of
the Clan Cochrane?
Caught at his work this man
squirmed like a snake robbed of its
fangs and deprived of its venom, and
then sought to cover up his tracks by
a clumsy effort to mutilate the records
"f his court; to blot out the words
from a document that proved his unfit
ness to preside in a court of justice; to
conceal the evidence which showed him
to be prejudiced and narrow, vindict
ive and vicious.
He admitted his prejudice when cor
nered: he admitted that the man whom
he intended to punish was his enemy,
and ■■■et he had not *he manhood to re
fuse to try the case, where the defend
ant's liberty was at stake, when he
stopped to consider that he had a
THE EVIDENCE OF RODDEN'S VINDICTIVENESS.
chance to even up an old score and
wreak his vei.geance on a man whose |
greatest fault seems to have been in j
knowing too much about Rodden and
not being afraid to tell it.
A few days ago M. F. Cochrane
swore to a complaint before this mis
erable magistrate, charging John D.
Spreckels, proprietor of The fall, and
Frank L. Perkins, the San Rafael cor
respondent, "vith criminal libel. Per
kins was arrested and taken before
Rodden, and is now enjoying his lib
erty because he furnishec! bonds. Rod
den is no lover of Perkins. What their
differences may be is not a matter that
THE FIRST EFFORT TO HIDE HIS GUILT.
interests the public. What the public
is concerned in is that Perkins is
charged with a crime before a court
where all the laws of the land, where
the princioles that form the founda
tion of the nation, give him the right
to expect justice and the distinction of
being considered as innocent of crime
as the unborn babe until his guilt is
proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
Perkins has not been tried. No evi
dence either for or against him has
been produced in court. His case has
not even been set for hearing. Yet at
this status of the prosecution, without
RODDEN'S DAUBS THAT FAILED TO BAFFLE THE CAMERA.
one iota of testimony having been
taken, before the ink on the complaint
has had a chance to dry, Justice G.
Rodden tries the issue in his own mind,
measures the defendant as a fancied
enemy, consequently finding him
guilty, and, having determined on the
verdict when the matter cornea regu
larly for trial, makes the following in
JUDGE RODDEN, Whose Court Puts Marin to Shame.
dorsement on the back of the com
plaint:
It appearing to me that
the offense in the within
deposition mentioned has
been committed, and that
there is sufficient cmise to
believe the within named
Frank L. Perkins guilty
thereof, I order that he
be held to answer to the
same and committed to —
His dis-Honor had evidently notde
cided whether to commit the defendant
to a slow death by being dipped in
boiling oil or give him life imprison
ment at San Quentin.
It is well to note that the name of
John D. Spreckels is not mentioned in
the Rodden decree. Rodden had no
acquaintance? with Mr. Spreckels and
they have had no personal differences. [
Rortden wrote the words quoted
above. When cornered he confessed i
that .the indorsement of .Perkins' pre
sumed guilt was a little premature,
and then blurted out like a spanked
schoolboy that Perkins had not treated
him fairly; that he had caused to be
printed things that pricked the thin
Rodden hide. He admitted his ani
mus. This was the reason he had
jumped at the opportunity to try th 3
Perkins case. It was his chance to get
revenge on a presumed enemy, and it
appears that this is the Judge's highest
idea of the purpose of his court.
Driven into a corner this person took
refuge toehind the childish explanation
that he had written the telltale words
before he realized that Perkins had not
been held, and claimed that they were
of no force and did not foreshadow his
final decision br ause he had not ap
pended his signature..
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
When representatives of The Call in
timated to him *hat it was the inten
tion of the paper to expose the wholft
matter, Rodden ran his pencil through
the writing, and later when tha news
paper men were absent he made an in
effectual attempt to erase the inscrip
tion.
Two Call reporters and a photog
rapher visited the Justice this morn
ing: and requested permission to in
spect the complaint. It had been in-
I spected previously, without the knowl
edge or consent of the Judge, and a
I copy made of the inscription that was
to condemn Perkins to the Rodden
punishment.
The Judge was docile until the words
that show his bias were turned to.
As the newspaper representatives in
spected them closely he was visibly
agitated. He turned pale and began
to tremble like a man with the palsey.
From appearances he fully appreciated
that he had been trapped.
"We would like to photograph this,
Judge."
Heavens! That was too much. Pho
tograph it! Never! Negatives do not
lie. Rodden grabbed the document from
one of the reporters and held on to it as
though it were a priceless treasure
that was about to be wrested from him
by the unfeeling newspaper men. No
amount of argument could turn him
from his determination to conceal from
the public the evidence of his incapa
bility an< of the fact that his official
head should be unceremoniously sev
ered from the rest of his being.
He claimed that his office was closed
on Sunday and that therefore the pa-
per was not a ■nubli^ document and
could not be inspected any further.
•'This thirg dor i,ot amount to any
thing anyhow." whined the cornered
magistrate. "I have not signed it. Of
course it is in my handwriting, but
that makes no difference I did not re
alize that Perkins had not been held
when I wrote it. Please go and tell2
BURGLAR CAPTURED
BY A PLUCKY GIRL
Miss Lucy Frank Levels a Pistol at a Ma
rauder and Holds Him at Bay
Until Aid Arrives.
liRAfS VALLEY, Bept IT. — Nevada County has a heroine of whom j
it may well be proud in the person of M!ps Lucy Frank, the pretty 18- J
year-oW daughter of John Frank, an industrious farmer of Rough and ■
Ready. !
About midnight last night the young lady was awakened by the \
barking of dogs and listening intently thought she heard footsteps. !
Then all was quiet until about 2 o'clock, when -he was again awakened i
by the dogs barking. She got up and looked out and heard a noise like |
the drawing of nails. Concluding that there was a thief in the corral, '
the brave girl called her father to accompany her, and arming herself ;
with a revolver, started toward the corral, her father following her. i
They heard a great sputter among the fowls and upon examination !
found a hole where boards had been torn from the chicken house. The !
fearless young lady stepped into the building and leveling her gun at the '
thief told him to surrender or she would shoot. !
The burglar, realizing that to move would be to meet his fate, threw j
up his hands. Mr. Frank then procured a rope and the marauder was
bound hand and foot. While the girl watched her prisoner Mr. Frank j
got a neighbor to come to this city for an officer. j
Constable Townsend arrived about daylight and brought the man to <
jail. The prisoner is an Austrian by birth and gave the name of Louis j
Reinsta4ler. j
The Call people that I do not want to
try this case any more. I will not ob
ject to having It transferred to any
other court. I don't like it any more
no, really I don't. Tell them— tell
them that I will not feel put nut a bit
if they ask for a chance <>f venue. Do
me the justice to tell thorn that." The
pleadings of the aged Judge, caught at
last in his prostitution of justice, was
pitiful. He fairly whined himself into
tears, but steadfastly refused to allow
a. photograph to be taken of the docu
ment.
"I might do this for any one else but
The Call," he continued, "but that pa
per has not treated me right. It has
printed things about me that I did not
like and I do not think that I owe it
any courtesies."
Again the Judge showed by his own
words and actions that his personal
feelings were the only power that
moved the machinery of his court. It
■was explained to him that The Call
did not ask for any special favors or
anything that the law did not give it a
right to demand.
While this conversation was going on
the Judge spread the complaint before
him, and carefully ran his pencil
through the writing that was by this
time giving him so much uneasiness.
Even though it was Sunday and his
court closed, according to his idea, he
did not hesitate to alter the records.
"There, now." said he, when he had
finished the job, '"that settles it. You
see I have rubbed it out and that ought
to satisfy every one concerned." And
this with a look of innocence
that would have made an angel blush.
He thought that the faint waving
lines would obliterate his bias in the
eyes of the public.
Rodden finally sparred for a little
time to catch his breath. Rumor in
Fan Rafael has it that the Judge ad
mires and fears the clans Coehrane,
and visions of their displeasure prob
ably flitted across his troubled mind.
"I will consult an attorney," said he,
"and in two hours I will let you know
if the document can be photographed."
This was the first surrender, but h^e
fore the day was done the Judge had
made many.
Jumping into his buggy Rodden
drove out on to the Petaluma road in
the direction of the fochrane domi
cile. One of the clan «is an attorney, j
His brother is the complaining wit
ness in the libel case against Perkins.
If any further explanation is necessary
The Call is ready to make it.
The Judge returned to his office be
fore the appointed time. He improved
the occasion before the newspaper men
arrived to still further mutilate the
complaint. The faint pencil lines were
Increased to huge black marks that al- j
most blotted out the entire writing, i
With the writing hidden beneath his
Inartistic daubing the Judge felt that
he had baffled the camera.
Willingly he permitted the photo
grapher to get a focus on the front of
the document. When the camera was
turned on the Judge's inscription his
heart failed and he ran a mighty and a
desperate bluff. He grabbed the paper
again.
"You fellows can't bulldoze me," and
he feigned anger while the tremor !n
his voice indicated fear. "You can't
photograph that. I have marked it out
and it is no longer a part of the record.
"What do you want it for, any how?"
"Judge," was the reply, "we charge
you with altering and mutilating a
public record. That is why we want
the photograph. You attempted to de
stroy evidence against yourself when
you ran your pencil through that writ
ing this morning. That is all we desire
to say about the matter."
Rodden'fl surrender was complete. He
fell back in his **hair and collapsed.
"Take it — take it." he groaned, as he
threw the complaint on the table and in
mute agony watched the camera com
plete the evidence against him.
I'itizens of Marin, is this your idea of
a Justice?
PEOPLE ARE STARVING
TO DEATH IN PONCE
Belief Sent by the Government, but
Temporary and Commercial
Conditions Must Change.
Corrpspondence of the Associated Press.
PONCE. Porto Rico, Sept. 11.— People
are starving to death almost every day
In the city of Ponce, anil while this sad
state of affairs exists there Is a failure
to afford commercial relief, which Is the
only true and lasting relief. Unless a per
manent government is established, unless
the status of the island is determined, un
less the policy to be followed here in the
future is soon outlined, existing conditions
■will be aggravated, and it will soon be
necessary to feed the whole population
through relief agents.
What Porto Rico wants, however, is not
charity but rather the development of
her commercial and agricultural Inter
ests, and while the present distribution
of relief Is necessary that necessity would
soon disappear if these interests were
properly cared for. Great difficulty has
been encountered in transporting the sup
plies to the inland towns, largely due to
disappearance of the bridges. More than
this, when the Panther arrived In the
harbor of Ponce the sea was rough and a
great quantity of the provisions brought
by the steamer dropped into the" sea in
stead of reaching the lighters. Fifty per
cent of -what was originally landed was
damaged by water and had to be thrown
away.
KEARSARGT AT NEW YORK
New Battleship Will Prepare for Her
Trial Trip.
mttt YORK. Sept. 17.— The new battle
ship Kearsarge arrived here to-day from
Newport News and anchored off Tomp
kineville. She will proceed to the nftvy
yard probably to-morrow, where her hull
will be scraped and painted preparatory
to her trial trip, which Is scheduled for
September 25 off the New England coast.
Swiss Anniversary
SONOMA. Sept. 17.— The 108 th anniver- i
eary of Swiss independence was cele- !
brated here to-day. The exercises wore
opened with a parade in the morning. In j
the afternoon the oration of the day was '
delivered by Dr. J. H. Sartori of San
Francisco. The affair closed with a ball !
to-night. Victor Sartori acted as prosi
drat of the day. About 4000 people par- j
ticlpated in the ceremonies. •
FAILURE OF THE
DREYFUS MEETING
Only Ordinary Idlers at
Hyde Park.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON. Sept. 17.— Although the
weather to-day was beautiful, the much
talked-of demonstration in Hyde Park
against the verdict of the Rennes court
martial re-condemninpr Dreyfus on tae
charge of treason, provpd a spiritless af
fair. A few thousand collected around j
the seven platform?, but they were main- j
ly boys, servant pirls and Idlers. Very
few Jews or foreigners were in evidence, i
The large force of police in attendance !
had nctning to do, as a demonstration j
could not possibly have been more
orderly.
The speakers were in no way influen
tial. Most of the interest centered
around the platform where Mr. Harts* j
feld, a relative of Dreyfus, delivered an
address.
The speaker? deprecated boycotting a
whole nation "for the sake of five judges
and a scoundrel."
At the various platforms resolution* I
were adopted expressing sympathy with !
Mme. Dreyfus and abhorrence for the!
generals whu figured ar the trial, tender
log congratulations to Emile Zola. Lieu
tenant Colonel Plcquart, Maitre Labori, 1
Maitre I'emanpre and others, and appeal- j
ing to France to release and rehabili
tate Dreyfus before it should be too late.
These were carried with The greatest en- J
thusicsm.
Va-inus flaps were displayed. including
the stars and stripes and the tri-color of i
France. A French lady was removed for
continually crying "Vive l'Armee!" and
a man was ejected for shouting "Vive i
Mereier!"
PARIS, Sept. 17.— Last night the police !
surprised an attempt to provision Jules
Guerin and his. anti-Semite companions
at the headquarters of the anti-Semite ;
League in the Rue de Chabrol.
Four revolver shots ■were fired and two j
arrestfl were made to-day in connection i
with the incident. Both the arrested j
persons were liberated this evening. I
They declare that some of their party i
were shot and wounded by the police.
President Loubet has returned to Paris.
LACKAWANNA TRAIN
BREAKS ALL RECORDS
Covers Four Hundred and Ten Miles
in a Little Over Seven
Hours.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Sept. 17.— With a
newspaper train carrying the New York
Sunday papers and consisting of three
baggage cars and a locomotive, the
Lackawana Railroad to-day beat all
records between New York and Buffalo,
covering the 410 miles in actual running
time of seven hours and twenty-three
minutes.
Parts of this distance on the level
stretches west of Binghamton were
covered at a speed of over eighty miles
an hour, and on the part of the line east
of Stroudsburß, where the tarin climbs
the mountains, seventy-seven miles an
hour was maintained on various oc
casions.
UPRISING AMONG
UINTAH INDIANS
Band Leaves the Reservation to Hunt
in Colorado in Defiance of
Game Laws.
DENVER, Sept. IT.— News has reached
! Governor Jhomas that a band of Uintah
! Indians have left their reservation in
j Utah without permission to hunt in Oolo
| rado, in violation of the State's game
' laws.
It is feared the Uintahs will be joined
: by the Ourays and Uncompahgres. and
j that the latter will peek to be avenged
on settlers for the killing of three of
their tribe in battle with frame wardens
two rears ago. The Governor has ap
pealed to the authorities at Washington
for a detail of United States trooDs to
: afford protection.
ODD FELLOWS ASSEMBLE.
Will Celebrate the Diamond Jubilee
of the Order.
DETROIT. Mich., Sept. 17.— The offi
cials and the rank and file of American
Odd Fellowship who have thus far ar
rived In the city passtd a quiet Sunday
preliminary to the opening of the dia
mond jubilee anniversary of the order.
There are aljrady on hand some 400 of
the higher officials, including all the of
ficers of the Sovereign Grand Lodge, del
egates to the Grand Lodge sessions. State
Grand Lodge officers. Grand Encamp
ment officers and officers of the Rebekah
branch, besides about 1(XK) of the rank and
file have thus far arrived from various
States.
GRIFFINS IN CUSTODY.
LONDON, Ky., Sept. 17.— Last night
Governor Bradley ordered the State !
guards at BarboutvUle to take, the two j
Griffins of Manchester. Clay County, and I
to remain there until further orders.
Sheriff McHargue and deputies to..k
them from here this morning to Barbour- >
vllle ond from there they were taken to |
Manchester without incident.
Suicide of a Soldier.
VANCOUVER, Wash., Sept. 17.-James
Waldren, an enlisted man of Company E,
Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry, com
mitted suiHde at the Hotel Columbia to
day by taking poison. He left a letter
requesting that E. F. Pulley, Stone Fort,
Illinois, be notified. Waldren failed to
pass the physical examination and would
nave been given his discharge to-morrow
Mrs. Senator Blackourn Dead.
VERSAILLES, Ky., Sept. 17.— Mrs. J. \
C. S. Blackburn, wife of the ex-Senator, j
died here to-night of neart disease, aged !
60. Mr. Blackburn was on his way from '
the East. Mrs. Blackburn was the j
daughter of the late Dr. Chris C. Graham, !
a noted Kentuckian and a centenarian.
Aged Novelist Weds.
VIENNA, Sept. 17.— The Hungarian
' novelist. Marus Jokai, now In his 75th
i year, was married yesterday at Budapest
i to the Hungarian actress Arabella Gross
-1 nagy, a girl of, 18.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18. 1899.
SACRED RELICS
ARE PRESERVED
College for the Purpose
Dedicated.
EXERCISES IN WASHINGTON
♦
REPaODUCTION OF THE TOMB
OF THE SAVIOB.
♦
Subterranean Fac-Simile of the Stable
Bethlehem, the Manger and
Other Points Excellently
Shown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— One of the
most remarkahle religious Institutions in
the country, the Monagtry and College
of the Holy Land, established by the*
Franciscan friars of the Holy Land, was
dedicated to-day with imposing- cere
monies, in which Cardinal Gibbons. Mgr.
Martinelli. Bishop Hlenk of Porto Rico,
Mgr. Stephan. head of the Indian mis
sions in this country, Mgr. Sbnrettl. Audi- j
tor of the papal delegation in WasHing- j
ton. and many other prominent figures of
the Catholic Church participated. During
the afternoon a flag-raising gave a na
tional and patriotic phase to this exten
sive undertaking. The institution is situ- .
attd near the Catljollc University on an
eminence commanding a view of the
beautiful university grounds.
A special branch of the Franciscan
order for centuries has devoted its entire
attention to the preservation and pro
tection of the tomb of the Savior, the
stables of Bethlehem and othor sacred i
relict oi the life of Christ. As many j
American* are Joining the pilgrimages to
the holy relics it has been deemed advis
able lo establish in this country a college
which will prepare those who will j
carry forward the work of pre-
Bervation. To this end a com
missariat of the Holy Land .for
th*' Tnited States was located in New
York In 1880, and out of this has grown
the magnificent structure dedicated to
day with it? subterranean reproductions
of "the stable at Bethlehem, the home of
the holy family at Nazareth, the holy
sepulcher and other monuments of
Palestine. These- have been executed
under the direction of the foremost
ecclesiastical architect of Rome. Slgnor
LJanori, who visited Bethlehem. Nazareth
and other sacred spots, making measure
ments and laking note of Btone and
structure in order to make a taithful
counterpart of the precious relics. The i
work has proceeded with the special i
favor of the Pope.
One of the grottoes, representing the in
ner ami outer sepulcher of Christ, has a 1
. ... of actual Btone of the sepulcher, j
brought from Palestine by special dispen
sation. At another of the subterranean;
shrines the remains of St. Benedigaa will |
be deposited. They are being brought ;
bj one of the friars of the order,:
and will find a final resting place in a
glass catafalque, after the manner adopt- j
ed in Europe to permit the observation of l
holy relics.
The reproduction of the stable at Beth
lehem is perfect in every detail, with the
small Btone manger in which the Christ
child was born and the defacement which
modern vandalism has wrought. In the j
reproduction of the holy sepulcher both j
the outei sepulcher, where the angel sat, j
and the inner sepulcher. from which the
aiiKt-1 rolled back the stone, are shown.
The inner tomb shows the great marble
slab placed there to keep the Turks from
desecrating the tomb, and the slab bears |
even the irregular crack of the original.
The main work of the friars is carried
on in the monastery, a space separated ■
from the shrines and chapel and devoted |
entirely to the members of the comma- ,
nity. "On the lower floor are cobbler .
shops, tailor shops, laundries, etc., con- j
ducted by the friars, who make every- ;
thing needful for their simple manner of '
living. The upper part of the building is |
used for living quarters, each member of j
the community having a cell with the
plainest and simplest furnishings. It is i
considered the most austere of the active
orders.
The church connected with the mon
astery is a massive structure in the
Bhape of a five-fold cross, with many
altars and chapels. The European meth- |
od has been adopted in the interior of
the church, so that those who come to i
worship will stand or kneel, as there are
no seats. The interior is bo. vast that it j
is expected to celebrate mass at several ,
altars simultaneously, and the devotion
of the sacrament will be practically con
tinuous up to midday.
The order of exercises began with
solemn dedication at 10 o'clock this
morning. Cardinal Gibbons conducted the
ceremony. There was a procession of sev
eral hundred members of the clergy, re
ligious students and friars. At 10:30 pon
tifical high mass was celebrated by Most
Rev S. Martelli. the apostolic delegate to
the United States. The sermon was
preached by Very Rev. L. F. Kearney,
provincial of the Dominican Order of
Columbus. Ohio. At 3 o'clock solemn
pontifical vespers were celebrated In the
alverno chapel. At 4 o'clock the patriotic
exercises closed the day's ceremony.
The institution begins its work with
about fifty friars in attendance, most of
them from this country, although a few
come direct from the Holy Land.
HARSH PUNISHMENT
INFLICTED BY OTIS
Imprisons a Private Merely Because
the Latter Wrote a Letter to
the General.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Sept. 17.— Through
Governor Bushnell the harsh and unusual
punishment, wholly contrary to the spirit
of American institutions, inflicted on
Lawrence Hoon of Belle Centre, a town
twenty-live miles north of here, and not a
private in the Fourth United States Vol
unteers in Manila, is up before President
McKinley for action.
The treatment accorded Hoon, who is an
exemplary young man, has aroused a
wave of "indignation all over the State.
His offense, for which he has been dis
honorably discharged and sentenced to
one yCBJ in BiUbld prison, consists of
having addressed a letter to Commander
in-Chief Otis, asking for permission to
try an examination for a lieutenant's
commission.
Hoon did not know that, according to
the military code in force in Manila, it
was a crime for a private to address the
commanding general without the permis
sion of somr intermediate officer.
Hoon's father is dying and the disgrace
heaped upon his son. whose crime was
ambition to serve his country well, has
affected him seriously. Governor Bush
nell, who has written President McKinley,
expressed himself to-night in the most
vigorous language about the matter.
FELL FROM A WAGON.
Michael McGrath Fatally Injured
Nea*r Suisun.
SITISUN. Sept. 17.— Michael McGrath, an
employe of Frank riogan, fell from a
wagon near Denverton last night, and
died from the injuries be received. Mc-
Grath was on his way to the Hogan
ranch with a load of wood. He was driv
ing a four-horse team, and was jolted
from his seat, falling under the front
wheel, wdiieh passed over his body. The
injured man was carried to the home of
J. C. Kennedy near by, but died before
medical assistance arrived. Deceased
was a man about 30 years of age, and
had only been working for Mr. Hogan
during the harvesting season. He came
from San Francisco, and had a brother
in the saloon business there.
MOSES PERIN DEAD.
Was the Oldest White Resident of
San Diego County.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 17.— A dispatch from
L<>ng Beach announces the death of Moses
Perln, who was in his nlnety-fourffl year
and was the oldest white resident of Sun
Diego County. He had gone to Long
Beach to attend the G. A. R. reunion.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. Wi Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
FIFTY DOLLARS
FOR A WINDOW
Prices Charged for the
Dewey Parade.
A SINGLE ROOM WORTH $300
SPECULATOBS ALONG THE LINE
WILL GROW RICH.
Delmonico's Old Building, the Stew
art Mansion and Sherry's Leased
for the Privileges They
Will Afford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Speculators
declare that the prices of seats for the
Dewey land parade will be higher than
they are now quoted, despite the fact
that almost fabulous prices are .being
paid for windows and small rooms on
the line of parade.
This is specially true of Fifth avenue,
where it will cost a party of six up
ward of $100 to witness the demonstra
tion from a private window. There are
not many vacant places in the vicinity
of the Dewey arch in Madison square,
and the prices demanded and received
for available accommodations are said
to be record-breakers.
Among the leases that have been an
nounced is one for a room in the
vicinity of Fifth avenue and Twenty
sixth street large enough to accom
modate a party of twenty for which
$500 lias been paid. Within a few doors
of this location another room, having
but one window on Fifth avenue and
large enough to accommodate fifteen
to twenty persons, has been rented for
$800. Ordinary single windows on Fifth
avenue near Madison square are selling
for $50 each, and it is said that one
firm of speculators has offered the
owner of a Fifth-avenue building $3000
for window privileges. This building
is four stories high.
Three of Fifth avenue's most notable
landmarks are being turned into sight
seeing spots for the celebration. The
old Delmonico building at Fifth avenue
and Twenty-sixth street, the Alexander
T. Stewart mansion at Fifth avenue
and Thirty-fourth street and Sherry's
old place at ' Fifth avenue and Thirty
seventh street all have been turned
over to speculators. No stands have
been erected in front of Delmonico's
old place, but the Stewart mansion is
being inclosed with stands and a large
stand "has been erected in front of
Sherry's old place.
Sousa says he will get together the
greatest and best body of musicians
ever assembled.
EXCELLENT PROGRAMME
AT THE STOCKTON FAIR
Pavilion Filled With Displays and
a Good List of Entries for
the Races.
STOCKTON, Sept. 17.— T)ie Stockton
Fair opens to-morrow and all Indications
point to one of the most successful meet- '■
ings of recent years. Six clays' excel- ■
lent racing is on the programme, while
the pavilion show is one of the best ever
placed in the big building, where so many
excellent displays have been made.
The city begins to look like it did in
the old fair times when farmers had
plenty of money and spent it freely. In
one sense the town has been thrown
"wide open." Hunter Square, just oppo-
Bite the C'vurt House, Is covered with
fakir shows and the sportive characters
who drop in will not have to look far to
find a game to their liking. There has
been no objection yet against the loosen
ing up of oflicial regulations and the gen
eral feeling seems to be that so long as
the law is not brought into open disrepute
considerable latitude will be allowed.
The Stockton Driving Club and not the
old agricultural society la giving the fair
this year. The directors of the latter as
sociation leased the property to the club
fur the season.
The race programme for to-morrow in
cludes one harness event and two running
races. The entries are as follows:
Pacing. 2:30 class; best three in five heats.
Key Direct I Captain Hackett
L D ! Alta
Gome. Alta Rio
El Diablo Doe WHkea
Advertiser Daedalion
Connie Nox
Harry Ramon Gybon
ti;iff Topsail Pemolnd
Wild Nutllng •
Running; selling; peven furlonps.
Switzer NOT* Moon
Mlkf ttice Fred Gardner
Altura Alarla
Yule
Running; all ages; five furlongs.
Averlne Soledad
Amnsa The' Miller
Jf-nnie P Blytjell
Caateilar Isahelle
OJal Jim Hrov.nell
Black Orphan Purnlah
Jessie O
INTEREST INCREASES IN
THE GOLF TOURNAMENT
Another Day's Play Is Necessary to
Complete the Match
Games.
SANTA MONK'A, Sept. 17. -The golf
tournament to-day was well attended by
the usual enthusiastic crowd of devotees
and the interest continued unabated. An
other day's play is necessary to complete
the match games and the tournament is
adjourned until next Sunday.
To-day's score is: Monroe won against
Dunn by default; Tufts beat Chapman 2
up; Stevenson beat Parker 3 up and 1 to
play; Cosby beat Osborn 2 up; Wood beat
Hayes 1 up; Young beat Acker 7 up. 6 to
play; Sfrtori beat Chambers by default;
Nolan beat Burmester 4 up, 3 to play.
Second round: Tufts beat Monroe 5 up,
3 to play: Cosby beat Stevenson 7 up, 6 to
pluy; Young beat Wood 5 up, 4 to play;
Snrtori beat Nolan 4 up, 3 to play.
Semi-finals: Cosby beat Tufts 4 up, 3 to
play; Sartorl beat Young 8 up, 4 to play.
Finals will be played next Sunday.
Ladies' match play for the championship
cup: Mrs. Sartori beat Mrs. Wiley Wells
by default; Mrs. Upham beat Mrs. Bu
miller 6 up, 5 to play; Mrs. Waring beat
Miss Josephine Beatty 1 up. 19 holes; Miss
Crouch beat Mrs. Seymour 5 up, 4 to play.
Semi-finals: Mrs. Upham beat Mn=.
Sartori 6 up. 5 to play: Miss Crouch beat
Mrs. Waring 5 up, 4 to play.
Finals: Miss Crouch beat Mrs. Tjpham
2 up. Miss Crouch wins the cup.
NEW YORK IS BADLY
BEATEN BY ST. LOUIS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ' Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....89 38 .702 Chicago G7 «4 .312
Philadelphia S3 48 .634 Pittsburg ...62 <5R .47«
Boston 7» 50 .Gl4 Louisville ...60 70 .461
Baltimore ...74 63 .582 New Y0rk.... 63 75 .414
St. Lr,uiß 75 59 .559 Washington 48 SO .376
CHjelnnatl ..73 59 .563! Cleveland ...13 IIS .139
NEW YORK. Sent. 17.— St. Louia hit Car
rick to-day at Weehawken. and New York
never had a chance of winning.' Sudhoff. the
St. Louis pitcher, was effective throughout
and received fine support. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 14 20 2
New York 4 10 2
Batteries— Kudhoff and O'Connor; Garoni, Car
rick and Warner. Umpires — O'Day and Mo-
Donald.
Two Meet Death.
HUDSON, N. V., Sept. IT.— Martin
Coons and his nephew, Maynard Coons,
farmers of Stuyvesant, were killed by
the Empire State express late last night.
YAQUI CHIEF IS
CRUELLY TORTURED
Tetabiate Shockingly Mutilated
for Remaining Loyal
to Mexico.
MAZATLAN, Mei., Sept. 17.— Private advices from Sonora show that
Chief Tetabiate of the Yaquis, who remained loyal to the Mexican
Government, was seized by the rebels and cruelly tortured, being strip
ped, slashed with knives and his body shockingly mutilated, while the
Yaquls danced about him taunting him and crying out, "Make your
peace, now you are punished for siding with the Mexican Government."
The Incident indicates the character of the Mexican Indians, who are
as cruel as the Apaches.
IOWA REGIMENT
READY TO SAIL
Engineers Prepare Pon
toons for Shipment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
cablegram from General Otis:
MANILA, Sept. 17.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: The Nevada cav
alry Is booked for the transport Ohio,
which was detained by the wreck of
the Morgan City. It will probably
leave Manila on the 24th Inst. The
lowas will leave on Wednesday. The
Tennessecs will sail soon, as the
papers are completed. This will finish
the shipment of all volunteers and
discharged men. OTIS.
The Secretary of War, In response to
numerous requests, cabled General Otis
regarding the two men of the Sixteenth
Infantry, who, according to the press dis
fvatches. have been condemned to death
n the Philippines for assaulting native
women. A reply received to-night said
there was a third soldier now about to
be tried in connection with the "same case,
and that when the court-martial was
concluded the papers would be forwarded
to the department.
The two men sentenced are Corporal
Damphoffer and Percival Conine. The
name of the third soldier involved has not
yet been made public. The sentences
will not be executed until the War De
partment has reviewed the cases. The
papers cannot reach Washington in less
than thirty days.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— The engineers
at Willetts Point worked hard all day
getting out pontoons. These are to be
sent to Manila. The order to ship them
came on Saturday. The pontoons were
taken down to the dock and to-morrow
will be put on a lighter and sent to Jer
sey City, where they will be loaded on
flatcars. They will" be taken to San
Francisco, where they will be forwarded
to Manila. A detail of twenty-four men
and three non-commissioned officers will
accompany them to San Francisco.
IN MEMORY OF THE
DEAD VOLUNTEERS
Services Held on the State Capitol
Grounds of Colorado by Citi
zens of Denver.
DENVER, Sept. 17.— Memorial services
in honor of the deceased Colorado volun
teers who gave up their lives in the Phil
ippine campaign were held this afternoon
on the State capltol grounds under the
auspices of the Colorado Society of the
Sons of the Revolution. There was a
large aildience. Color Bearer Richard
Holmes carried the tattered flag of the
regiment upon the platform, and It was
greeted with prolonged cheering. The
band which accompanied the regiment to
the Philippines effectively played "Nearer
My God to Thee." The presiding officer
was John Cromwell Butler, president of
the Sons of the Revolution. Addresses
were made by General Irving Hale,
Colonel H. B. McCoy, Ralph \ oorhees,
United States Senator Teller, Rev. Dr.
Thomas E. Green and Governor Charles
E. Thomas.
Senator Teller indorsed the course the
administration has pursued in the Philip
pines. Colonel McCoy declared himself
the friend of all the volunteers, and Gen
eral Hale pleaded for the burial of all ani
mosities and bickerings, evidently having
special reference to complaints against
officers of the regiment that have been
made by some of the volunteers since
their return to Colorado.
FATALLY SHOT BY
HIS STEPDAUGHTER
Jack Williams, a Saloon-Keeper Near
Sonora, Lies in a Critical
Condition.
SONORA. Sept. 17.— Jack Williams, who
runs a saloon at Mill Villa, between So
nora and Jamestown, was shot in the
back near his saloon last night by Mrs.
Bowler, his stepdaughter. Williams and
his wife were, quarreling and he was
abusing her. Henry Nelson, the owner of
the Villa property, happened to be there
and separated them. The stepdaughter,
who was in bed. hearing the noise pot
tip and dr^fHf-d. and wont out and shot
Williams in the back near the spine,
causing paralysis. He will prooably die.
Williams married the lady's mother last
spring Mr?. Williams at one time was
housekeeper for th<> lat« A. O. Viertong,
* who trained considerable notoriety over
- the sali- of certain mining properties near
Tuttletown a few years back and whose
wife shot him in th" leg In a barber-shop
at Stockton about four years ago.
UNEXPECTED DEATH OF
HON. DANIEL ERMENTROUT
Had But Recently Been Elected to His
Sixth Term in Congress From
Pennsylvania.
READING, Pa., Sept. 17.— Hon. Daniel
Ermentrout, who was elected in Novem
ber last to his sixth term in Congress
from the Ninth District (Berks and Le
high counties), died at his home here to
day. He was ti2 years of age.
On Thursday last while at dinner a
piece of meat" lodged in his throat, and
a physician had to be called to save him
from strangulation. Paralysis of the
heart followed, but his death was un
expected. Mr. Ermentrout is survived by
a widow, a son and a daughter.
EMANUEL MANASSE DEAD.
One of the Best Known 'banners of
the State.
NAPA, Sept. 17.— Emanuel Manasse, a
native of Beyenheim on the Rhine. 57
years of age, died this morning at 4
o'clock, after a lingering illness. At 14
years of age he became an apprentice
at the tanners' trade in Friedburg. He
emigrated to New York in 1862 and came
to California in 1864. He engaged in the
tanning business in San Francisco in 1871,
and became connected with B. F. Sawyer
& Co., of Napa as foreman. In 1875 he se
cured a patent for a process of tanning
leather. In 1879 he became a member of
the firm, continuing a partner in the busi
ness until hi? death. Mr. Manasse leaves
a widow and six children. Henry, Lena,
Anna, Edward, August and Aurelia.
Killed by a Tailor.
CHICAGO, Sept. 17.— As a result of a
dispute over a suit of clothes to-day
Martin Walgren. a bookkeeper, was kill
ed and Theodore Walgren and George
Clark slightly wounded by Fred Fisher,
a tailor. 'Fisher used a knife, and claims
he acted in self-defense.
Drowned While Bathing. •
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17. -While bath
ing in the river near Courtland to-day
a young man named Ross Davis was
drowned. He was a farm laborer, 28
years old, and a native of Nebraska.
WILL NOT CALL
EXTRA SESSION
President Denies Ru
mors Circulated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.- Notwith
standing repeated denials, rumors of an
extra session of Congress are persistent
ly circulated. Public men who are
closest to the President declare that he
has no thought of calling Congress to
gether before the regular time for its
assembling on the first Monday in De
cember. Mr. McKinley hopes that by
the time Congress meets in regular ses
sion he will be enabled to announce some
substantial progress in the Philippine
campaign and hold out hopes of an early
settlement of affairs in those islands.
As General Otis will not have a greatly
increased force at jiis disposal before the
latter part of October, it is not expected
that he will be able to accomplish much
in the way of subduing the Filipinos he
fore the middle of November. The Presi
dent hopes, however, that by the Ist of
December he will be able to report to
Congress a marked Improvement in the
situation.
EIGHT KILLED BY
A FALLING ROOF
Adobe House, Weakened by Bains,
Collapses at Moran, New
Mexico.
LAS VEGAS, N. M., Sept. 17.— An adobe
house five wiles from Moran, N. M., col
lapsed last night, killing Manuel Cordova
and his wife and six children. It had
been raining in that vicinity for several
days, and the dirt roof of the house hav
ing become saturated, it fell upon the In
mates, crushing them. Only one member
of the family, a boy of 10 years, escaped,
he being outside the house when the acci
dent occurred.
MANY MINERS IDLE.
Scarcity of Water in Tuolumne River
Causes Hardship.
JAMESTOWN, Sept. 17.— Over 500 men
have been laid off during the past ten
days by mining companies in Tuolumne
County on account of the Tuolumne
County Water Company's supply giving
014. The Jumper Company has laid off
145. the Consolidated 130 and the Eagle
Shawmut 100.
While these big companies still retain
a considerable force developing new
ground, many of the smaller mines have
closed down entirely. Local comment is
excited by this annual closing down,
which has a depressing effect on busi
ness throughout the county, and people
are unable to understand why capitalists
do not construct a reservoir in the higher
Sierras of sufficient capacity to insure
water for mining purposes the year
round. On Friday the electric power
company closed down its plant, and
Sonora. Jamestown and Stent again use
coal-oil lamps instead of electric lights.
— «.
Death of Miller Pillsbury.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 17.— Charles A.
Ptllsbury, the well-known miller, died in
this city this afternoon at 5 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . '
pa GhirardelH's is the home-made n
i visit DR JORDAN'S great
> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
i CB ICSJJtA2SS:3T.t«t.6-J*7th.S.r.Cd. i
\ i3f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W *r*!lFsfe*. World. -Weaknesses or *ny contracted^
, £65 iSJ disease pi"«ltl»rlyctiroill)y the oldest W
9 iKgl Specialist the 36 years 0
A 1 W& A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A I «!&sfi'B Consultation frre and striftly prirate. V
B 0 MfKSL S T " ltment personally or hy letter. A 4
\8 it SI H '**•""• C^*rein every case undertaken. T
Blt J ! 'IV Write for Book. I'Rii.osix-avcii
▼ II I MAIIRIAGK. MAILED FKEB. (Af
A Cl il' T *'u»ble book for tnen) . \
9 I>K JORDAN * CO., 1051 Market'* t,S. F. V
Radway's
PifSs
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfe-t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. . .
For the cure of all disorders ot th» Stomach,
Liver. Bowels, - Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. Biliousness,- Con-
stipation, Pl.i-'s and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera. 26c. a box. At Druggists,
or by mall. . RADWAY & CO.. New York.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength. to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
INVESTORS
TO BE ASTOUNDED.
The developments that are now taking
place, and which will be publicly an-
nounced in the Papers of the 22d, will
Increase the value of the stock of this
company 100 per aent.
All persons registered nn our books
as stockholders prior to September 2ist
will receive the benefit of this increase.
IN VEST/GATE.
PROSPECTUS FHKE.
Union Consolidated Oil ail
Transportation Co.,
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLANIToFFICE:
460 TENTH STREET.
Offices open 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
STATEMENT
OF THE
! CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
r Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. IS9S, and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pumuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Code
! of said State.
CAPITAL. ',"'. ; ;;-.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up *• • . '. ~
In Cash ' ' ''
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by ■
the Company $10,977,645 71
Amount of Loans . secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate..:... 28,900,189 39
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks or other . market-
able securities as collateral 2,300 00
Premium notes and loans Id any
form taken in payment of premi-
ums on policies now in force 904,822 19
Cash market value of all Stocks and
! Bonds owned by the Company.... 20,405,063 42
Amount of Cash on band in Com-
pany's office —
Amount of Cash deposited In Banks 1,688,745 25
Interest due and accrued 968,702 63
I Rents due and accrued 12,572 27
Net amount of premiums in process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 112.549 40
Total asset $64,182.397 27
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured -
endowments, due and unpaid $ 87,570 50
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due t 149,319 00
Claims resisted by the Company.... 40,392 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
I cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with 4
I per cent interest 55.361,814 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 782,437 17
Surrender values claimable on poli-
cies canceled 241,360 00
Premiums paid in advance 34,854 53
j Additional special reserve for Term
Policies and Annuities .:._ V J 18,098 00
Total liabilities* $56.665.845 20
INCOME.
! Cash received for premiums on new
'. ■ policies during the year $ 839,300 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
ums during the year 4,427,560 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1,370 00
' Cash received for interest 1,760,260 07
Cash received for rents 509.957 59
; : Cash received from all other sources
' Total income $7.838,478 14
EXPENDITURES.
' Cash, paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,283,340 44
Cash paid to annuitants 25 00
Paid for surrendered policies 656,040 5 j
! Paid for dividends to policy hold-
j erg ■ 1,272,693 73
Cash paid for dividends to stock-
holders /
! Commissions paid to agents , — 360,504 71
I Salaries and other compensation of
i officers and employes, except
i agents and medical examiners — 151,699 93
' Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 23,999 83
I Medical examiners' fees and sal-
j aries 21.475 43
Cash paid for taxes 206.333 63»
' Cash paid for rent 5....:... 7.037 00
I Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 177,648 62
All other cash payments 279,160 00
Total expenditures during the
year $7,439,960 99
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
! Premium notes • and other
premium obligations at
j beginning of the year... 5983,315 72
i Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
! ceived during the year... 668 00
Total $983.953 7?
\ . ■ .v": -i 1 - - ""~
Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in payment of losses and
claims $22,277 «7
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in purchase of surren-
i | dered policies 9,320 « .
| Amount of notes and other
; premium obligations used
in payment of dividends ,'
| to policy holders 30,311 88
1 Amount of notes and other
i premium obligations void-
-1 ed by lapse of policies.. 2,124 00 . .
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
j deemed by maker In
cash 11.327 87
Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account $79,361
Balance, note assets at end of the
year $004.622 19
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. i Secretary.
Subscribed - and sworn to before me. thia
17th day of February, 1899. ;. -,-;,
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Public.
R. R. NOYES,
GENERAL AGENT,
• A. K. FV HARMON,
District Superintendent Agtneiei,
| ! 39-31-32 Mills Building, Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. 'CAL.
f! _ ~~ " r ~ r " ; ; "~~
BBm kRShB h k^^^^^b. TW . mm V9G
• v I*• wn| ■d m. QkJI
1 J 1 jR AJ^B
B fll ■ - 1 BKB fll IKB M
j . _
i r"DR.PiERCES .V
GOLDEN
I MEDICAL .
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
_ -I BE_OOD,UVER.Lt)MGS; .
! Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearTRAIN CREWS BLAMED
FOR THE FAMOSO WRECK
Coroner Holds an Inquest Over the Bodies *
of the Three Victims, :
Accused Men Criticize the Jurors for Not Having
Called the Station Agent at Famoso
as a Witness.
BAXESSFIULD, Sept. 17.— "That
they HUM to thair death, on the 13th
and 14th days of September, 1889.
respectively, in this county, by a rear
end collision cf trains about a thou
sand feet north of Fanxoso station,
due to the negligence of employes
cf the Southern Pacinc. AH of -which
■* diily certify by this inquisition
-- -writing by us. Signed this 17th
day of September, ISS9.
"A. E. Baer, C. H. Shurban, F. H.
■^Thitsitt, T. B. Orr, Charles Cohn, E.
K. Blacker, Bobert Blacker, Harry
Phillips, A. J. Slower.
"I ■--:••- appro-re the verdict.
•FTIA BUCTKBETJS. Coroner."
That wat he verdict cf the Coroner's
3'ury at the conclusion of the Inquest
teid here to- day for the purpose of fix
teg the responsibility of the death of
3£rs. Maggie Majors, Mrs. Jessie Ross.
Mrs. Angle La Rue and Engineer
;W right, who lost their lives in the ter
rible wreck on tile Southern Pacific at
Famoeo station, cwecty miles north of
here, ca the night of September 13.
Quite a l.umber of spectators were
present in the courtroom to witness
the proceedings and catch the details
iof the horrible affair as they dropped
from the sober Upa of the train crews
that were in the wreck. These people
are dissatisfied at the result. They do
not think aH the facts were brought
♦out to properly place the blame of the
'•destruction of four lives. The Coro
ner and District Attorney are held re
sponsible for this apparent negligence.
Some are so radical as to say the jury
•wao "packed" in the interest of some
oody. Dissatisfaction *-aa precipitated
at the failure to have the agent at Fa
inoso present to tell what he knows of
what happen**! just preceding the
■wreck. It was to him Conductor W. A.
Kessier of the Fortervilie train applied
for orders as soon as his train reached
Famosa station, and it was he who toid
Kessier that passenger No. 3 had orders
on reaching Famoso; at I 1) o'clock, to
wait for an easxiwund extra freight to
pass.
It is also the agent's duty to handle
the semaphore, which the Porterville
crew claimed showed a red light and
the passenger crew claimed showed a
white light. Red means to stop and
white means to go on.
Conductor Kessier asked that this
agent be brought co testify, and also a
witness who hud Srtn Engineer Wright
stupid from drink the afternoon before
the wreck. This witness is T. A. Schee
-1-r, a San Francisco drummer. Schce
ler, Kessier sa.ys. saw Wright that aft- I
ernoon at his hotel seated on a chair J
lookiz-g like a drunken man, in Kern, j
Scaeeler was '-in the wrecked passenger j
train. Coroner Buckreus informed i
K-ssler that it was too late; that he j
should have seen that his witnesses i
-were summoned before. The Coroner '
finally left the matter to the jury, and
it decided that neither the station
agent at Famosa nor Scheeler's evi
dence was necessary to enable them to
reach a verdict. The verdict was then
rendered.
For some reason District Attorney
Ahem was not present. He left the
case in the hands of his deputy, Mr.
Dorsey, an inexperienced and very
young man. This was a subject of
While Mr. Dorsey interrogated the
witnesses a Mr. Eiagby from the South
ern Pacific claims department sat by
ijlr. Dorsev and whispered questions to
jhim to propound to the witnesses. J.
:F. Ford, a Porterville attorney, was
■ rres-rnt to re-present the Interests of a
'friend of the dead women.
Drs. Snook and Taggart. surgeons,
■who were called to the wreck, were
'first to testify. They told of the con
'dftian in which they found the dead
and injured. Charles Heman and Un
■ dertaker McCabe of Porterville identi
?Sed the dead women. Then Conductor
- "W. A. Kessier of the Porterville train
-crew took the stand. Conductor Kess
■ Ur said his train, consisting of nine cars
i and a caboose, arrived at Famoso sta~
rtlon at 3:20 en the evening of the wreck.
: He stopped on the main line and went
into the depot to report au * get orders.
He inquired if No. 8 was on time. The
?a:r°nt replied: "It is late and has orders
;to wait here at 10 o'clock for an extra
-eastboun-i freight to pas;." Kessier
ithen went out. The train was put on
:the house track an., the engine was
'taken to the water tank and to the
ftum table.
On returning the switch was thrown
,at the north end and the caboose
•-"kicked on to the main line, just far
'enough to clear the switch where it
I -was standing when struck. This was
/done to bring out some cars en the
.-main line in making up a train. Kess
*7<*r grt the engine when It came back,
-rk«"j<»(l th<* decot and told Engineer El
LEGISLATION
AGAINST TRUSTS
•
Probable Result of the
Conference.
♦
Stwet*! Disuatcn to Tla CMC.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., Sept. IT.— is
raid one of th« probable results of the
i-ti- trust confidence of Governors and
Utorney Genecals In St. Louis wffl be the
•onveniag- of the several State Legis
-res ia special session, for the purpose of
leoltng 1 with th- trust problem. The
•onv^ction, it is said, win outline legis
aflton that shall be found desirable and
"'it Governors in harmony ■with the
-■'ovement will ininiediately after the ad
ournment of the convention summon
>-^ir State Legislatures tog-etheT to en
ict a uniform law in the ' -■-' States,
'.■iiowlnjr th« Unes laid down by the con-
Iz is "almost certain that should the St.
' oula conference recommend this line of
tettdn a>vernor Jcnes will convene the
Legislature some time within the next
"'ST? LOtflS. Sept. - -Nothing is town
weuto the pl:ui3 of the convention of
-,>« and Attorney Generals, call»d
• m™t -re next week by Governor
J.Tenof Texas, for the purpose of dls
•"^^r the trust problem and or taking
= ; :ch action as they may deem necessary.
Governor Sayers. who left Austin yes
tsrd&T ia not expected to reach here ca-
W to-moror^ morning, when something
2»?.*site as to the convention will b« made
Pl it UC li expected ;b*t at taut hall tie
wood what the agent had told Win
about N... S being late, etc. They com- j
pared watches and it was then i:4o. ;
According' to the time table No. 3 was :
due at 5:42.
"When the caboose was kicked on to I
the main line," said Kessier, "I looked j
and saw the headlight of No. 3. I j
started to riag it and saw my brake- \
man, Mr. Buck, running down the
track to do the Sagging. The semap
hore board was red. I thought they
would stop and went to my caboose :
and started to get on. Something at- j
tracted my attention and I turned and
saw No. 3 right en me. I plainly heard :
the engine exhaust. It was only about
fifty feet away. The engine was ap- j
parently in wide open, forward motion.
I just barely had time to get out of j
the away when the caboose was struck, j
After the wreck I met Conductor Cul- ;
linghani of No. S and asked him if he :
had orders to wait at Famosa for the j
extra east freight. He said he had not. j
I asked why Wright did not see the sig- i
nals. "You know Ed can't see,' was his
reply. I asked my brakemena if Wright ■
had room to stop. He said he had.
" 'How do you account for him not j
stopping?" I askjpLl He replied: 'I
guess it was a cas*Bt boose or bowling •
up.' When Buck began to nag. in my |
Judgment. No. 3 was two miles down i
the track. He went about 1000 feet I
from the caboose. It is customary to !
work under the agent in the yard lim- j
its. We were doing this. Then his :
orders are superior to regular rules. !
and an inferior is supposed to clear the i
track ten minutes before the coming ;
of superior trains. At the time the ca- ;
boose was struck we were on the main !
line six minutes over the regular pas- ;
senger time."
Engineer Elwood of the Porterville
train." who has run an engine for eight- •
een years, testified that the Porterville !
train reached Famosa at 9:25 , five mm- j
utes earlier than Conductor Kessier j
=aid it arrived.
Aside from this his testimony cor- j
roborated Kessler's as to other d-taiis. |
Brakeman K. B. Buck of the Porter- |
rfHe train corroborated the rest of the j
witnesses. He toid how he tried to flag j
No. 8 and how the semaphore light was ■
red and that he had no other idea but j
that he could stop No. 3. He was the ;
first to see the headlight and at once 1
w-?nt to Hag the passenger. He be-
Ueved had Engineer Wright seen the I
signals h» could have stopped the train. j
There was no whistle for the station, i
Rear Brakeman Thurman of Porterville •
told of putting lights on the rear ca- I
boose and about the three women and ;
the trackwalker getting on the caboose. !
He heard the orders about No. S being j
late. Ke saw the semaphore red light j
up.
Conductor James Cullingham of No. j.
3 swore that at Kern he only got two j
orders. One was to wait there till two ,
freights arrived and the ocher to side- !
track at Jew^tta station, midway be- i
tween Kern and Famosa. and allow No. j
3 to pass. This they did. When leav- !
Ing Jewetta they were about thirteen i
minutes behind and made rapid time \
to catch up. The train whistled for Fa- ;
mesa.
"We had nothing to stop for." he said. ;
'•Famosa is a flag station and we do
not stop,unles? we have orders. When
the train whistled it began to slow j
down. I saw the semaphore was white, j
I toid Conductor Kessier that Wright j
could not see well. I don't think Wright ;
was drunk. We were running about j
forty miles an hour when the wreck I
occured."
Fireman Keller, who was with En- j
gineer Wrizht when the wreck oo- I
curred and who saved himself by-
Jumping through the side window as
the engine went over, testitied that they ;
never saw any signals. They whistled
for the station and when he first saw
the semaphore it was red, but just be- ;
fore reaching it the white light dropped :
i and the red disappeared. The train ■
was going about fifty miles an hour. !
It slowed up a little when the whistle j
! sounded. Ke saw the tail lights on the ;
1 caboose.
Brakemen Bunger and Ki^ger of the !
passenger train heard the train whis- j
tie and felt it slow down considerably, j
1 It was running at the rate of twenty- :
i eight or thirty miles an hour when it '•
struck the caboose. Eunger saw the
semaphore white and saw no signals. I
Mr. Bagby, the Southern Pacific j
j claims agent, was heard to reply in [
answer to a remark that the wreck |
would cost the Southern Pacific Com- i
| pany considerable, "Oh. they were old I
! people and not worth much."
Just before the jury was left alone j
to make up the verdict Conductor !
Kep.sler was seen talking with one of,
them. The jurymen told Kessier not j
|to worry about the agent's testimony — j
he would be treated fairly; and Kess- j
: ler's saddened face looked brighter, i
■ Outside a citizen was heard upbraiding j
; a juror for not seeking more facts and !
thereby have a clearer investigation.
The Juror replied: "Oh, we did not |
want to fasten the blame on any one i
in particular; we did not know what \
• to do."
States in the laon, if not two-thirds,
will be rcpr^sened at the convention.
Mayor Ziegenhein is awaiting official in
formation relative to the convention
before he makes arrangements for the re
ception of the deieiru.tes. Among those
who have ben asked to speak is "William
J. Bryan.
STEAMSHIP COPTIC ARRIVES
Passed th« Transports Valencia and
Zealandia at Nagasaki.
The steamship Coptic arrived from the
Orient at 0 o'clock last evening- and an
chored in the stream. The quarantine au
thorities will go en board this morning-.
after which the vessel will dock. She haa
on board eighty-one cabin passengers aa.i
500 in the steeraze. Chief Justice Judd of
Honolulu and Major Jones of the Volun
teer Army at Manila are on the list. The
voyage was uneventful and no sickness
ha* keen reported on board. ■;-;«'«■■
Jast as the Coptic was departing from
Nagasaki the United States army trans
ports Valencia and Zealandia arrived. It
was expected that their stay at that port
tjouM be a brief one, and the boys may
axrivfe in San Francisco soon. Matters are
reported as <v>iiet at a^ Japanese, Chinese
and Hawaiian ports.
■ ♦ ■
: -o Baby Christened
Th» Filipino baby bora at the Mechan
tcs' Fair last week mi christened yester
day afternoon at the Church of Nuestra
Senora de Guadalupe. The name given
the Infant is Encaraacion Mac Lean de
VUlanueva. The christening was attended
by all the members of the Filipino village
and circus.
» ♦ ■
I Send the SUMO AY CALL to \
|? your friends abroad — wrapped j
« ready for mailing, 5c per copy. X\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER IS. 1599.
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES
IN MEMORY OF GARFIELD
: ,_ « HE memory of the .....
: j President, James A. Garfield. was
I I honored yesterday afternoon at
: ■*■ Goiden Gate Park. Orations were
• delivered by Congressman Julius Kahn
: and Senator Perkins. Brief remarks
: were made by E. M. Galvin, Isaac J.
: Truman and General Shafter. There
: was a. creditable parade, the partici
'• patinz organizations and bodies being
: in this order: A platoon cf police, the
; First California Regiment. U. S. V.
; Band, led by A. Nelson Adams; de
tachment of seamen from the- United
States battleship lowa, -■..-■■•. by
• Ensign Henry N. Jensen; George H.
', Thoma3 Post. G. A. H_: the Veteran
) Guard cf the G. A. EL. commanded
' fey Captain Joseph Knowlton; Lin
" coin Post No. 1. the Columbia Park
' Boys' Club Association. Captain. C. R.
' Alberger in command; four companies
1 of the League of the Cross Cadew,
[ commanded by Major D. J. McGloin,
1 Lieutenant W. A. Kelly, battalion ad
-1 jutant and the Garfield League.
[ The companies of the League of the
c Cross Cadets In line were: Company
t C Captain P. L. Bannon: Company D,
I Captain L D. Dwyer; Company H,
« Captain James E. Pt>wer; Company K.
t Captain James H. Reilly. The grand
i marshal was A. de la Torre, with A.
c J. Vlning aa chief of sraff. E. M.
i Galvin was chairman of the commit
j tee on arrangements. Music was sup
c plied by the band, by the Knicker
bocker Quartet, consisting of Her
bert Williams. C. M. Elliott, D. B.
1 Crane and L. A. Larsen, and Mrs.
1 Bertha Adams, who sang 'The Star
1 Spans-led Banner" as a solo, accom
-1 paniM by the band. An original poem
1 was delivered by C. W. Kyle. Mayor
1 Phelan was on the programme to de
-1 liver remarks, but he was not present.
I The exercises began early in the after
-1 noon. An assemblage numbering
[ many thousands gathered around the
< monument to listen and to applaud.
c
COMPLAINS OF THE SQUAD
Chinese Consul Ho Yot Issues a
Proclamation Regarding Kaids.
ilu:h complaint has been caused
among Chinese merchants by the action
of the Chinatown squad In raiding- repu
table stores in search, of lottery tickets,
and. in consequence. Consul General Ho
Vow issued a proclamation yesterday
callinsr on merchants who felt aggrieved
to make formal complaints to him in
order that the wron? might be righted
through the proper authorities.
Consul Ho Tow said last evening that he
had issued the proclamation for the pur
pose of having a thorough Investigation
of the complaints. He said that the
present trouble arose over the employ
ment of white stool-pigeons by the
sergeant. These stool-pigeons would go
Into reputable stores and hide lottery
tickets and then inform the squad, and
th» "aid would follow. As It is impossible
for the white stool-pisrecna to sret into the
gambling dens or lottery otSces. they
have adopted this method of earning- their
i
Tae matter had become so serious that
the Six Companies have taken it up and
will Institute legal proceedings against
Sersreant Duke and his squad to prevent
them" from entering the 3tore3 and mak
ing search without a warrant.
The Consul said he attributed the
whole ' trouble to the fact that the
present squad was not w*jll posted in
( iinatown affairs, and was imposed upon
by those from whom they received in
fo rmaticn.
The matter will be officially laid before
Chief Lees and he will be requested to
have it investigated and the trouble to
legitimate merchants stopped.
NATHAN JONAS DEAD
An Old Pioneer and Real Estate Man
Passes Away.
Nathan Jonas, a well-known auctioneer
and real estate man. died at his residence,
7S Elliott place. yesterday afternoon about
IZ-.ZQ o'clock. He had been suffering from
a severe cwgh for the past two months,
which terminated in an attack of heart
trouble, affecting the bronchial tubes.
Ms Jonas had been for years a prom
inent member of Parker Lodge. L O. O.
F.. and of Unity Lodge, A. O. C. W. The
funeral will take place this afternoon at
2 o'clock from Odd Fellows' HalL Inter
ment will be at New Salem Cemetery.
Th* deceased leaves a widow and one son.
M. "G. Jonas of The Call editorial depart
ment.
Jcrdan Interviews Mac Queen.
Dr. David Starr Jordan held a lons m
rw yesterday with Rev. Peter Mac
, - n about the Philippines. Mr. Mac-
On the green at the *ast of the monu
ment a stand far the speakers and
the invited guests had been im
provised. Four American flags marked
out the bounds of the incloaure.
Around the monument, upon the m
blematic figures Included in the adorn
ment of the monument and surro-und
ins' the speakers' stand bunches of
comriowers and dahlias were ar
ranged. The wreath held out by- the
female figure on the west side front of
the monument was decorated with,
laurfrf.
Tfee procession formed at the Oak
street entrance to the park en Stan- Q
van street. It was viewed by large -*
crowds as it passed on to the Garfield ■*
monument. Arriving at the -scene of ■*
the celebration the organizations me- ■*
rayed around the' monument, the +
lowa's seamen being next to the
speakers' stand. Behind the lawana <
the band was stationed. Places of
honor were given to the leading or
ganizations. A large tnclosure had ,
been formed by stringing ropea, but "*
the crowd soon broke through the line "*
and crowded close to the rostrum. ■*
The orations were of the historical ■*
ant*, eulogistic order. President Galvin ■*
introduced Isaac J. Truman as the ■*
president of the day. Mr. Truman ■*
spoke very briefly, pointing out the les- -•
sons that Gar-field's life affords the •*
young. Then the Knickerbocker -*
quartet sang sweetly "Lead Kindly ■*
Light." Congressman Julius Kahn *
pronounced the eulogy upon Gartieid. <
"So long," said Mr. Kahn, "as the |
people of this land keep alive the idea
of government 'of the people, for the 
people and by the people,' will the
name of Garfield be remembered sad j
honored. His qualities were such that ■
those who knew him might stand up .
and say to all the world "this was a 1
Mrs. Bertha Adams sang the "Star- j
spangled Banner"; C. W. Kyle re- "*
Queen told tne prnstcent on tne university
many of the experience;' and facts he
had gathered in his six months with the
army. He spoke especially on the ileep
seated aspirations for nationality which
he found among the Vlsayans, who are
usually said to be in favor of American
sovereignty. The injustice of granting
full autonomy to the Sultan of Sulu md
refusing it to the Tagals was commented
upon. President Jordan must have been
Interested, for the interview wad pro
longed for three hours.
■ • .
Dr. Bichardson's First Sera en.
In the absence of Dr. John A. B. Wilson
of the Howard street Methodist Church,
the assistant pastor. Rev. Dr. Harry C.
Richardson, discoursed on the life and
work, of Christ. last night to a lar^e con
gregation. The sermon was an interesting
one and was Listened to with deep inter
est by the con^reg-ation, which was hijrhly
impressed with the fervor and ability at
Dr. Wilson' a assistant.
We Will
Soon Have
An Oil Well
This Is no extravagant iruess, but a
conservative statement that ia based
upon expert opinion of tlie stratincn-
tion of the land in the Kern River
Oil District and the fact that oil HA3
BEEN struck tn many Tells near to
and adjoining our property— the famous
Elwood well, now owned, presumably,.
by the Santa Fe Railroad Company,
being- less than 300 yards from where
cur bnrin? outfit is NOW BEING put
in praition.
Until OCTOBER STH a limited ncm-
ber of . ■■■■■> cf treasury stock ar»
cfl"er*d to the public for 3<> CENTS
par shai^— the par value of which are
Jl per share.
Let ns send you our prospectus: or.
better still, yive U3 a call, for we can.
then fflve you mor» minut« Informa-
tion. Remember we court the meat
search! Inquiry.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open EvenlnifS Jrnin T to 8 o'clock.
■«
cited a. poem. "Our Guiding Stars.' +
Senator George C. Perkins eulogized <
the life and deeds of Garfield at some
length. He urged in conclusion that .
President McKinley should be sup- "*
ported in his course in the Philippine "*
Islands. "Peacefully Rest" was then "*
rendered by the quartet and the band *
played a choral. "*
There were calls for General Shafter -*
an<l he came forward and bowed. Be- •*
Ing urged to make a speech he said ■<
that "all citizens should, stand by the i.
President until the war in the Philip
pines is ended." "*■
'•■ -^^BM| V y Sw Jf^ ■ S
-• '■■■» i ii// i m W ~~'swMt%^^
. 2«IMA /, fy^ 4VHn - - ■
?'i^.::- x - $25.00 1
pi suits and orercoats. W£
|g We could tell you every detail about |§
;, _'-■ our "Yeargood" clothing — how it is kd
\pv made, what material is used, etc, but it |g
y§ seems to us you should know that it is ; §•§
p| worthy clothing when we protect you '«p
p| for a year after your purchase |&
|p at any time to replace free anything not 'g^
po satisfactory. Why, we will even put in : f§|
£-;■' new linings if they don't wear as you Wii
fM think they should. " I :>-- :
You are the judge — what you say £|
t-.-X-: shall be done. If you say so, we return $£
: ': :: > your money. We repair the suir or over- &
coat free for one year at your bidding. |||
"Yeargood" means just what it says —
'0$ our clothing is guaranteed for a year. §gg
'.'."■Vv B^~
p& Ever purchase clothing before and be z§|
I § : S given such liberal privileges ?
'''■-'„• Boys' Sailor Suits. |
j§ Boys' Sailor Suits.
feu? We have just received a new line of them f;S
§'&£, in all-vvcol heavy serge of dark blue, neatly z||
;■-';..: trimmed with soutache braid on collar and de-
'■-'; sign on shield, in red, blue and black ; price 3§§
If $4.00 a suit. . ' J
|i (&)s.n.woodTco(#) I
iH;^] ! N^»^/ 718 MARKET ST XilO^
•V^| . Out-of-town orders filled — write us. :•._;
. iC^v ! __________________.^
yv'-j'iV-- ■ ' '■■.:■ ■ ' ■- : . — ,■,■■-."-';,- .. ->..•-.'  -'■ . . — r-
— , . - ----- ,- -^ " " ■
ATTORNEY LANE`S BRIEF.
Response in the Charter Election Suit
to the Claims of M. F. Fragley.
Franklin K. Lane. City and County
Attorney, will file his brief to-day in. the
Supreme Court In the case of M. F.
Fragiey va. James D. Phelan et al. The
appellant seeks to enjoin the Board of
Election Commissioners from calling or
holding an election in accordance ■with
the provisions of the new charter, on the
ground that the election of December ST,
IS3T. when a Board of Freeholders was
chosen, and the election of May >". 1898.
when the proposed charter for the city
and count; was approved, were invalid
and void because of certain irregularities
in holding- the -.true.
Mr. Lane makes these contentions:
The vote at either election would have
been the same had all things been done
the omission cf which are criticized; no
voter was misled by the Election Ccm
missicners or other officials ■. 5 to the
time of election or place fixed for vot
ing: every elector having 1 had an op
portunity to vote, that fact validates the
charter elections: voters received proper
notice that the election would take place:
there is no allegation that every qualified
elector did not have a chance to vote,
nor is It alleged that a single vote was
refused; or that ire was not a sufl
ciency of polling- places; the election hav
ing been free and fair.
A mistake made by the Election Com
missioners as to the law under which the
election should be held does not dis
franchise the voters: if the voter can
not rely upon the acts at the Election
Commissioners there would be no se
curity in the ballot; polling places were
fixed by the proper board, due notice was
given, and the voters voted thereat only;
there were sufficient election S3 Era to
do the necessary work: if called by
proper authority an election held, in
conformity with the provisions of an un
constitutional law is not necessarily
void: it is now too late to attock the
validity of the elections mentioned in
the foregoing, because the charter has
now become law by act of the Legisla
tare, and the steps leading thereto are
no longer open to question. Equity will
not be' blind to the hardship of an ad
verse decree, the people having acted
throughout in good faith.
VOLUNTEERS BANQUETED
The Members of the Young Men's
Institute Feast Their Return
ing Members.
A grand banquet tendered to the niini
bers of the -■.-■ Institute in the
ranks cf rhe California volunteers by the
San Franoiscc councils, Y. M. I. under
ch^ auspices of the board at manage
ment, took pin : Saturday night at Pio
neer Hall. The banquet hall wa3 hand
sorn-ily decorated with evergTeens and tne
national colors, making- a pl-iaaaci ap
pearance.
About three hundred member ■ sat down
to a well prepared feast ac about 9 o'clock,
from which time until the last toast had
been responded to a merry time was had.
The blessing- was asked by Rev. Father
W D. McKinaon, ar.d the following- toasta
were responded to: "California," by
John T. Greaney: "Our Motto, 'Pro
Deo. ?rr> Patria.' " by P-ev. Father W. D.
UcKinnon: "The Volunteers." by John J.
Barrett: "In the Service of UncJ<- Sam."
by Captain Denis Geary: "Our Honored
Dead."" in silence; "The Youn? Men's In
stitute." by Frank J. Kierce; "Frater
nity-," by Hon. Frank J. Murasky; "The
Board of Management." by George A.
Stanley: "The Ladies." by Frank T. Shea.
During 1 the evening "William J. Hynes
rendered a humorous selection. T. W.
Hickev recited "The Race of the Ore
son" ar.d C. D. O'Connor sane "On the
Day That Smith Cooes Home." D. J.
O'Leaxy acted as toastmaster. The affair
thr->ii2-hout wa.« a very eniovable one.
■ m ■
"»7omaiL Eorse-whips Her Insulter
Burt Campbell was taken to the City
j and County Hospital last night by Officer
' Taylor as a result of an encounter with
I a lady whom Campbell had insulted. The
! lady and a. gentleman drove up to Native
' Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street, and th<s
latter got out to attend to some business.
Campbell came up just then and address
ed the lady in an insulting- manner. Sn«
immediately seized the whip and plied it
with great vigor over the head and face
of the youa? tough. The lady's escort
came upon the scene and taking: In the
situation proceeded to administer a. severe
thrashing to Campbell. The couple drove
off without giving their names and Camp
■ bell had several stitches taken to rus
sralp at the hospital before being taken to
■ MB.
ADVEETISEaEE2iTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
HEBENBAUH
# 222-224 SUTTER STREET. •
! • • .
• SPECIAL REDUCTIONS •
© 9
2 Monday— Tuesday —FednesJay •
: — :
© ©
• Pnree de Foie Gras tin 29c J
q New shipment just in. Regularly ■* a
• Baking Powder 33c Ib can J
0 "New Era" brand, absolutely Pure, g
| Prunes '(CaHfornian) 15c Ib J
a Extra lar^-a, 20 to 30 to the pound. q
J Fapriku Ban farian Red Pepper) 2
rt Fresh importation In tins of m
2 Igz. - 02. * 02. 3 az. 13 OS. 5
J 10c. 13c. 23c. 40c. 73c J
• Dates (Fard) 12k Ib •
5 Finest imported. R^yularly 13cT 2
• Society Tea He Ib •
• A very fragrant blend of the Oolcn* J
character. Regularly 75c Sample •
© package at l-u:. ©
• Gall Soap (German) cake 25c ©
i © Restores color of faded silks and fine ©
0 woolens; removes tar and greas*. 9
2 Claret 35c £alba 2
! © Good Table 'Wine. Regularly 30c 9
2 Flear de France Cognac $2.60 2
ft Distilled In 1572; must be fine. Regu- Q
q larly £! 50. q
2 Vichy Water (Celesthi) $175 dz 2
i a) Or Grand Grille. France's famous A
i waters. Regularly J2 30 and {3. J[
! 9 --•.-■.% w
! { Egg Lifter < ;. <ew), reg. 10c 5c •
[ To take egsa out of boiling- water. JjJ
I • Curtain Stretcher SL6S •
i 2 "ft. wide and 14 ft. long. Regularly *
i • 12. 9
9 9
: © Floor Sops 30c ©
-. © For mopping 2oor. -•::! patent ©
i 9 wire stick. Regularly 45c. ©
I © ©
i © Import nt to Smokers ©
I © As Importers and Retailers -' Ciirars ©
! & we will readily exchange any box If 0
Ijg not satisfactary after trial. g
| SPECIAL SALE THURSDAY. •
I 9 9
A Onr Sne French mixed candy. Rein- £\
I Z larly 33c 3Oc JT
I W September Catalogue now ready. 9
•©C©©«©9©9o«9©©®©©©©©©
_^©S Dr. R. L. Walsh.
/^^r^lwaikia V. S ls ** GEARY ST., bet.
I'SrJej^'- ■c»l_J'7 . Hyde and Larkin.
D-t ""^^^^^^^^o " Extraction..
[?»■. J^^fTi Crowns *2.1»
T T FTesh-colcred Plates.
pa ■
Continuous Gum Plates mo bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 18
yours' experience.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF TOT
! CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
I
OF THS
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF London. England 'established 'SO. on.
the 31st day at December, A. D. IS3S. and
| far the year ending on that day. as made to the
; Insurance Commissioner of the State o" Cali-
I fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
► 810 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
! per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
cap: I
I Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Leans on Bonds and ifcrtgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company C —4. IST 30
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
! of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
' ketabie securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 13.9<5C 50
Cash in Eanks 312.572 Si
Interest due and accrued on all
Stccks and Loans 14.610 00
i Cash in hands of United States
Trustees V^-,V' 3S °' iaT 53
Premiums in baa Course of Collec-
tion ■ - — 164.5*174
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rants due and accrued ....
Due from other Companies for Re-
-1 insurance on losses already paid..
Total Asset 3 ..g.120.375 03
LIABrLITIES.
. Losses adjusted and unpaid * 24,104 QQ
Losses In process cf Adjustment or
: in Suspense 158.Z75 00
Losses resisted, Including expenses... 24,4a0 jO
Gross premiums or. Fir- Risks run-
I ning one year or less. 51,5ti0,701 02;
reinsurance >■ per cent- 750,350 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 51,173,-
-263 S4r reinsurance pro rata SS6. S3
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. I .
reinsurance 100 per cent _;,■■•
Gross premiums on Marine Time
'Risks. J— ■ reinsurance 30
per cent d*emand3 against the Com-
I ba _ :m-
paay - — 121.832 13
& Total Liabilities - C 745.145 a
■ — ;
INCOME.
' N'«t Cash actuaHy received fcr F : r-
premiums C992.43S a
Net Cash actually received far Ma-
rine premiums ■■
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages — ••-•••
Receive for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stock 3. Loans and from,
all other sources 78.400 38
: Received for profit en sale at securi-
ties 3 > 438 - s
■ Received from ail other sources 3,383 13
Total Income .............. ...........C3T3.T30 50
EXPXNDrSvTRES.
Vet aBMOBI paid for Flr« Losses fla-
eluding 5253.742 73, losses of pr-vi-
oo» -ears) •..•..'•! m ■
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
ilncludlnjr * . losses of
previous year 5) .........---...-.-••....
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ~ ■ 425.591 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of Seers, clerks, etc — 133,134 17
Paid for State. National and local
taxes «2.Vfl 7J
All other payments and expenditures. 210.031 W
Total Expenditures g.027.431 S3
**■ Fire.
! Losses tacurred during the year JI.ISS.3IS 39
j Risks and Premiums. \ Fin? Risks. Premiums.
j _^____^______ j. — _— —— —^—^-— —
I Nat amount of Risks*
| TT^.J"*"*...^. «4=.W J3.0C3.347 3
Net amount of Rl3ks
expired during the
year .....--.-..- 403.251.252 3.208.213 ■
: Vat ATtinU"** ta force
December 31. 1533 253.355.424 2.573.:? eg W
E B. CLARK. Assistant Manager.
Sub?-- and sworn to before me. tnis 2StS
«ar of January. ™*- RX:aS :^ v i.-y Public
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
lA/. T. HESS.
JWTaHT rUJLIC ASD ATTOaSST-AT-LA^,
Tenth. Floor. Room .''.-. Oaus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence, 321 CaliTsrsla at.. b«Iow Pq-wII.
[ San Fraadaca.
34
MONDAY .... SEPTEMBER 18. 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»-. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
I DITORIAL ROOMS £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Plr.gle Copies, ."> cents.
Tern » by Mall. Including Postag«:
PA2LT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year 9"-^*
rAIT.v CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 11.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). S months .... I.SO
I>AILY CALi;~By Sir.cle Month o:i< >
BUNDAT CALLOns Year *- BO
\VEEKLY .'l. On? Year I<O °
All postmasters are authorized V receive subscriptions.
Sample ccplea Trill be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Korci£r. Advertising, Marqustte Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
rsEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKfcNS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Aualtoritno Hctel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union B<juax«;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
«i. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 203 Hayes street, open until
£:30 o'clocK 639 McAlllsttr street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LorK'.r. street, open ur>tH 9:30 o'clock-
ISA) Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '09*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS.
Oixbeum— Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "Lohengrin."
Columbia— "Marie Antoinette," Monday evening, Septem-
ber •::,.
Alcazar — "Too Much Johnson."
Grand Opera-house — "The Drum Major's Daughter."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
Mechanics' Pavilion — Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Sherman-Clay — Reception Recital, Thursday evening,
September 21.
Circus — Sixteenth and Folsom streets. Saturday, Septem-
ber 23.
AUCTION SALES.
By Davis, Belau & Co. — M >nday, September IS, at 11 o'clock,
Furniture, at 2511 Pacific avenue.
STILL BUYING RIGHT AND LEFT.
ATTENTION ha? been frequently called of late,
to the surprise <n' commercial authorities, that the
general and sometimes slurp advance in prices
the United States has in no wise checked
the demand Buying in all sections is reported as
lively as ever and the advance in quotations has thus
far produced no effect whatever. Evidently the pur
chasing limit of the people has not yet been reached
and the fears of the aforesaid commercial authorities
not been realized.
\ good illustrai the enormous volume
in August, according to the monthly statistics
just received: "Exports were $20 ,082,815 larger than
ever before in August and exceeded imports by $37,
--partly because exports of staples were $9,366,
--978 larger than last year, but also because exports of
Other products, mainly manufactures, were $10,349,000
larger than those of last year, and larger than in any
: of any year." In fact, the business of the
country this year has never been equaled.
Of course, there must be a pause some time, for this
enormous purchasing of merchandise cannot go on
forever without cessation, and when that pause will
come and in what shape is a question now bothering
the heads of financiers. The great staples continue
highly profitable point, both to the producer
nufacturer, if we except wheat, which remains
comparatively low in consequence of good crop pros
pects. Purchases of wool are large, but somewhat
stive. The iron trade is still exerting itself to
fill all orders, but finds it impossible, and many are
perforce refused. Woolen poods are strong, but man
rs are complaining that the advance in the raw
material has outstripped that in the manufactured
t, thereby cutting down profits. Coal oil has
made several advances of late, largely on account of
the rise in tin, and hides and leather are enjoying a
kf-en and continuous demand at very firm quotations.
in gone up at several centers and the
is seemingly as sharp as ever. Cotton has
I off a fraction, owing to good crop prospects,
r the refusal of spinners to believe otherwise.
I ) sh<nv the effects of overproduction
is brick, though it would seem that lumber and brick
to go hand in hand to a considerable extent.
tics, on which financiers base their
views on the state of trade, continue encouraging. The
country's bank cleafings last week were 28.7 per cent
larger than for the corresponding week in 1808, and
not a single city of importance in the whole country
showed a decrease. The failures were 149, against 174
last year, both records being small.
The local situation stands about the same, being
characterized by a fine home demand for all sorts of
goods and a demand for export which cannot wholly
be filled, as it is in excess of the tonnage available to
take the merchandise away. The call is general and
embraces lumber, groceries, canned and dried fruit,
beef and pork and their products, clothing, etc. The
vineyardists are smiling over a sharp advance in wine
grapes to $20*023 per ton here, which means $17 50(0)
20 in the country, though the admitted shortness of
the crop will cut down the gross proceeds materially.
P.nyers are scouring the country for grapes at the
high prices. The output of canned fruits has unfor
tunately been cut down about 25 per cent by the recent
scarcity of tin, but even with this drawback the fruit
grower has nothing to complain of this year. Unless
present conditions be overturned by some now unfore
seen commercial check the current fall trade will be
the largest for many years, if not, indeed, the largest
ever known.
Sir Thomas Lipton is to decorate his yacht with
i electric lamps upon the occasion of Dewey's re
turn. Even these will not afford a strong enough
light to enable him to find the cup.
It is admitted in the dispatches that there are a good
many "amis" at the Chicago trust conference. It
will undoubtedly develop later that there are also a
many grannies.
The people of San Domingo have money to burn
since the success of Jimenes as a revolutionist. Mer
chants there refuse to take paper currency.
STAND BY THE PLEDGE.
TO-DAY is the day set by law for the Board ot
Supervisors to fix the rate of the tax levy. The
Mayor, the Board of Supervisors and the Mer
chants" Association will all have something to say in
the matter, and it is expected that whatever is done
will be for the best interests of the whole city.
For months the question has been discussed, not
| alone by the officials directly interested but by every
[ head of department and every taxpayer in the city.
\ The amounts which should be given to the various
' departments have been adjusted and readjusted, and
1 there has been a constant difference of opinion regard
, ing the most equitable distribution, and following this
divergence there has always been the paramount ques
■ tion of whether or no the city of San Francisco can be
run on a $i rate on the $100 with a total vaulation of
$300,000,000.
Both political parties in convention said that it could
be done, and the candidates of those conventions were
; pledged to see to it that the dollar limit was not ex
; ceeded. The Mayor and the various speakers of both
parties on the platform during the campaign preached
the doctrine of a dollar limit, and in every instance the
candidates pledged themselves before the people to
maintain it.
; It is now time for the question to be officially set
j tied. The city departments may suffer because of a
! shortage of funds, but it is the duty of the Supervisors
!to stand by their pledges. A majority of the board IS
! Republican, and The Call calls upon those members to
i stand by their party's pledges and let it be shown
\it this city can be run on the dollar limit. Every
i member of the board should stand by the pledge, and
j at the same time deal fairly with every department, in
: such manner that the adjustment will not bring hurt
] to the city.
The Call has reason to believe that the members of
! the Board of Supervisors will stand by their pre-elec-
I tion pledges, and the people will then have an oppor
tunity of knowing just what will be the result of an
: attempt to bring the levy down to an arbitrary point. ,
The Republican members especially have a duty to
perform to-day, and it will not do for them to heed
the cries of poverty and raise the assessment, thus
I giving the Democrats an opportunity of saying that
; had they been in control the dollar limit would have
been adhered to. If any member of the Board of Su
pervisors now goes back on his pledge he will do so
'. at the risk of bringing down upon his head the con
! demnation of those who were cajoled into voting for
him by his pre-election pledges.
The torpedo boat Talbot will shortly be given a
run through the newly constructed Dismal Swamp
canal. There will be trouble when she meets the
mosquito fleet.
A Russian electrician announces the discovery that
will greatly interest poker-players. He says he can
restore sight to the blind.
A BOSTON VIEW OF IT
V reason of the fact that New England ha? cer-
Btain large interests which can be promoted by
Canadian concessions the press of that section
is inclined to favor the pretensions of Canada on the
Pacific Coast. Indeed, some of the leading New Eng
land papers seem disposed to grant whatever the Ca
i nadian Government may ask in Alaska, provided it
yield in return what New England desires.
An illustration of this peculiar way of looking at the
issues at stake between the two countries is afforded
i by the comments of the Boston Herald on the Alaskan
boundary controversy. It begins by saying the Cana
dian authorities have a reasonable desire to obtain an
: ocean port for their Northwest Territory; that if we
j occupied the position of Canada we should make
most urgent demands for accommodations of that
kind, and that "on the ground of international comity
! it can be fairly urged that this is a concession on our
part which can be reasonably asked for and reason-
I ably accorded." It then adds: "The ground for ob
! jection on this side of the border is based almost
] wholly on the selfish interests of three or four Pacific
! ports that now have a species of monopoly in the out
\ fitting of miners going into the British Northwest
: Territory."
Having laid down those propositions the Herald
; goes on to say:
"The question of our relations with Canada should
I be treated not by the desires of local or special inter
': ests, but on the ground of broad national considera
tions. The Canadians have a great market, the larger
part of which we now possess, and which we not only
want to keep but to materially increase in the future."
There will be no objection to the statement that our
! relations with Canada should be treated on broad na
tional considerations, but few people outside of New
i England will deem the retention of our Alaskan pos
| sessions unimpaired a local issue. If there be any
I such thing as a national policy, it surely must be that
j of protecting and maintaining the boundaries of the
! republic. The local interests in the case are those
i vhich New England would like to advance at the ex
j pense of surrendering a part of Alaska to the Cana
| dians.
Such selfishness as appears in the argument is not
!on the side of the Pacific Coast. The demand of the
! Canadians for an Alaskan port appears to our Boston
i contemporary quite reasonable, but what would it
I think if Canada should desire a port on the coast of
! New England?
THE ARMY IS NOT FRANCE.
LOUD was the outburst of popular indignation in
this country over the second condemnation of
Dreyfus and for a time it seemed we were about
to act against a whole nation with as much prejudice
as the French are said to have acted against the ac
cused. In Chicago one large establishment dis
charged all of its employes of French birth, and from
one end of the Union to the other there arose a wild
demand that the French exposition be boycotted. The
passion of the day, however, has already passed and
the people look at the issue with a better understand
ing and a more reasonable judgment.
It was in fact a foregone conclusion that the clamor
against all France and all Frenchmen would not long
continue. The American people may not be by nature
more just than other people, but by reason of the fact
that nearly all great questions are in some manner sub
mitted to their judgment they have become accus
tomed to act from reflection rather than impulse and
to look at things in the light of common sense. They
are hard-headed, practical business people and excite
ments do not carry them off their feet nor last long.
Thus it has come about that they have revised their
first passionate judgment of the case and are now pre
pared to give to the French people that justice they
demand for Dreyfus.
The conviction of Dreyfus was brought about by a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1899.
few officers of the army, and not by the French peo
ple. It is not the army that is going to hold the expo
sition, nor is it the army that is going to profit by it.
The Parisian mobs that clamored for the conviction
of the Semite do not represent all Paris. Labori, De
mange, Zola, Picquart, Jaures and other supporters
of Dreyfus are representatives of a strong element of
the French people, and they have stood out bravely
for justice. It is clearly foolish to condemn a whole
nation on an issue of such a kind under such circum
stances. Our sympathies will be with the brave band
of truth-speakers in France who have so long fought
for justice against prejudice, and we will not by de
nouncing the whole nation make their task harder by
giving to them the appearance of acting with for
eigners against their own country.
COLMA is to be congratulated upon the victory
achieved by her business men and taxpayers
over the gamblers who have been seeking to
incorporate the district for the purpose of making it a
place where their poolrooms could be run wide open.
The plans of the gamblers were cunningly devised,
and but for the exposure of them by The Call and the
earnestness with which the genuine residents of the
district opposed them they would have been successful,
and that attractive suburb would have been converted
into a resort for all the rabble of touts and toughs
that follow in the wake of gamblers.
The benefit accruing to San Francisco from the
resolute action of the good people of Colma is hardly
less than that which has been obtained for Colma
itself. The establishment of a wide-open gambling
center so near to the city would have been almost as
pernicious as was the notorious gambling carried on
at Ingleside. The temptations to the unwary, which
were so strong before, would have been renewed, and
we should have had repetitions of the old stories of
women as well as men led to ruin by the evil influ
ences of the poolrooms.
Now that the victory has been gained it behooves
the people of Colma to be careful lest the beaten en
emy steal a march while no one expects it. The profits
which would accrue from a gambling place of the kind
which was designed for Colma are large, and will be a
continual temptation to gamblers. They will not give
up trying so long as a chance for victory remains.
They may next turn their attention to some other dis
trict of San Mateo. In any event, the people must
continue watchful and wary.
TAXATION IN WASHINGTON CITY.
rOR years past the cost of maintaining the ad
ministration of Washington City has been
borne equally by the citizens and by Congress —
that is to say by the taxpayers of the rest of the United
States. At the last session of Congress it was pro
posed to compel the city itself to bear the whole bur
den of the cost of opening and improving the streets
when extended into the suburbs. Against that plan
a vigorous protest has been issued by the Washington
Board of Trade and in. the argument of the protest a
good deal of interesting information has been given
concerning the economic conditions of the city.
It appears in the first place that hardly more than
half of the property in Washington is subject to as
sessment, nevertheless so high is the assessment that
in 1890, the census year, when the count showed that
the taxes fell upon a population of less than ißg,ooD,
the assessed valuation exceeded the combined assess
ments of Cleveland, Ohio; Portland, Or.; Dcs Moines.
Iowa; Kansas City, Kans. ; Sioux Falls, S. D.; Chey
enne, Wyo. ; Fargo, N. D.; Tucson, Ariz., and Vir
ginia City, New, with an aggregate population of 437,
--339 — between two and three times as large as that of
Washington.
In San Francisco we 'demand the dollar limit and
consider our tax burdens intolerable when that
sum is exceeded to any considerable amount, but
the people of Washington, in addition to their high
assessment, have an invariable tax rate of $i 50 on
every $100. It is further noted that in matters of tax
ation Washington is at a disadvantage with other
cities, inasmuch as thousands of persons who own
real estate there and live there claim residence else
where, and whatever personal taxes they pay are paid
where they technically reside. This state of things
grows out of the peculiar status of Washington as a
political and not a business city. A very large propor
tion of her population go there to serve the Gov
ernment in some way, and this gives them a right,
under existing law, to claim their old homes still as
their residences. They cling to the right because it
is the only condition of their having a vote.
The fact that so large a proportion of the inhabit
ants of the capital claim residence elsewhere has -a
political as well as economic effect on the city. It
is that more than anything else which deprives the
community of the advantages of self-government, for,
as it is said, since so many of the intelligent citizens
would have no right to vote there, the political control
of the district would pass at once into the hands of the
irresponsible class if popular government by ballot
were established.
One of the leading men of the capital is quoted as
saying it would be possible to get rid of both the
disfranchisement of the District and many of the evils
of the spoils system by the simple device of a law re
quiring every person accepting employment under the
Federal Government in Washington to become a resi
dent of the District pro tempore. According to hi 3
argument, if every Government employe in Washing
ton became a voter there, self-government could be
provided for the District at once.
The political question is, however, but a side issue
at present. The main point on which Washington in
sists is that Congress should continue to pay half the
expense of her government, and inasmuch as the na
tion owns and exempts from taxation about half of all
I the property in the city it would appear the claim is a
just one.
Effusions of some of the English correspondents
give evidence that the silly season is still on in Lon
don. One of them cables from London that "Presi
dent Kruger's rumored refusal of the latest franchise
demands has lost him many friends in London." Kru
ger probably had it all figured out that he could not
depend upon any of these so-called friends to shoulder
any guns in his behalf.
Germans in this country cannot fail to be pleased
at the latest utterance of Emperor William. He says
they sing better than the Germans at home. The same
old story of the songster that has liberty and the one
that has not.
Transvaal delegates to the Agricultural Union
which has just concluded its sitting at Cape Town,
were greatly impressed when Cecil Rhodes presented
them with a lion. They are lucky it was not a white
elephant.
Sir Thomas Lipton seems never to have heard
about "carrying coals to Newcastle." The other day,
at any rate, he sailed with his salts to New Rochelle.
General Mercier has been burned in effigy. Wait
till they get him on the grill in the other place.
THE VICTORY AT COLMA
A WEEK IN THE MINING FIELD.
"The Quartz-crowned Empress of the
Sierra" is going to do the right thing by
the members of the American Institute
of Mining Engineers when they call on
that distinguished member of the Amer
ican Order of Gold Mining Districts.
That, of course, is Grass Valley, where
California quartz mining began, where
phenomenal veins lure men downward.
and to which Nevada County largely owes
yet Its primacy among the gold pro
ducing counties of the State. Leading
citizens met in the City Hall the other
evening to consider the entertainment of
the institute on its visit there next week
after the annual meeting beginning in
San Francisco next Monday, and the
Daily Morning Union of Grass Valley
says: "The American Institute of Min
ing Engineers, when it visits Grass Val
ley the latter part of the month, will re
ceive such a whole-souled welcome that
the members will vote it one of the
pleasantest features of their lives." !Mter
speeches and resolutions and provision
lor various committees, a resolution of
lorrnai invitation was adopted. Suc
ceeding the preamble, the resolution was:
"Resolved, By the citizens of Grass
valley, assembled in mass-meeting this
Juth day of September, that we extend
greeting to the Institute of Mining En
gineers and invite them to visit our city
and pledge them a cordial reception by
the Quartz-crowned Empress of the
bferra and a true miner's welcome and
entertainment."
These proceedings are given here main
ly to illustrate the spirit and method of
the preparations lor the occasion
throughout the State. Of course many
other communities are making similar
preparations in a similar spirit, as is
Grass Valley's neighbor, Nevada City.
Many organized parties have come to
California before and have been enter*
tamed and shown California resources by
local communities during junketing trips
aboul the State, but in the past these
visits have always been to the prune and
orange orchards', the big trees, the fine
valleys, the flower gardens, etc. Now,
for the first time, comes an association
of people who, though they like nice Cal
ifornia prunes as well as anybody, are
interested in what is under the ground
and in the raising of or.'S rattier than
oranges, The bill tribes now, for once,
have a chance to show off the moun
tains of California and their riches, and
the Grass Valieyans are only prominent
among them.
A suit of exceptional interest to mmmg 1
men and involving a novel issue was de
cided by Judge Bennett in the Superior
Court of El Dorado County last week. In
Northern Xl norado County is a series of
peculiar formations, usually of hornblend
slate, much decomposed near the sur
face, composing bolts, in places several
hundred feet wide and being traversed in
ail directions and at all angles by many
veins, or starns, which are of varying
width and which carry gold and frequent
ly develop pockets. They are called
'•seam belts." These deposits have been
worked since early days, and most ex
tensively north of Georgetown, near the
Georgia Slide, which is generally taken
as the northern terminus of the mother
lode.
They have been worked a good deal by
reducing everything in stamp mills and as
pocket mines by tunneling along the
seams in the usual way, but mainly by
the hydraulic process, which gave rise to
the issue. The slates are soft and de
composed, and with a shattering of the
formation it has been piped away through
sluices like a gravel deposit. In the
Cranes Gulch mine, on the Georgetown
st am belt, this plan was adopted In early
days, and when operations were suspend
• '1, in 189 L there was a pit 360 feet long,
t wide am! 160 feet deep. This was
in the Cranes Gulch mine, which was pat
ented ::s a placer mine in 1x72. The patent
was supposed, "I' course, t>> convey linal
title. Under tne law the patent to the
','placer claim" conveyed also all lodes of
mineral deposits in place thereafter dis
covered, but excepted valuable lodes then
known to exist.
A year or more ago Joseph Scherrer ana
others located some of the exposed veins
in the patented property as lode claims,
on the theory that they were valuable
lodes, known to the patentee to be such
when patent was applied for. The Crane s
Gulch Mining Company brought suit in
ejectment. The question before the court
was, of course. Were, these veins, or
"seams," or the formation carrying them,
"lodes"? Was this a placer or a lode
min<? The formation had been worked
in both ways in that region. The lawyers
brought out a lot of geology but no deci
sions. Plaintiff argued the formation to
■ ■'.logically "joint seams" and "stock
work." There was no reasonable contin
uity of ore or accompanying mineral mat
ter'occupying a well-defined main channel
of mineralization. The defendants argued
that the gold came from veins of quartz
"in place"; that it was not diffused
through the mass; that the law did not
designate the length of a lode or vein,
and that these veins were lodes within
the meaning of the statute.
The court took the plaintiff's view that
this was a placer mine and bore no lodes,
and gave judgment against the defend
ants, with costs. The case will be ap
pealed.
Many old-tlxners will romPitilifr Bpn?on
vllle. In early days a busy mining village
a half mile below what is now Columbia,
Tuolumne County. It disappeared, like
many other little mining towns have done,
burned, torn down and blown away—dis
appeared, all but one old cabin. There
Matthew Burns, one of the pioneer gold
diggers, lived alone for forty years, mak
ing enough from year to year by washing
old gravel and creviclng around to pro
vide beans and- bacon for all that was
left of lionsonville. He and his cabin
were familiar features of the highway
crossing there. Not long ago the fiat was
bought, with the idea of reworking the
ground that yielded fortunes long ago.
According to the Mother Lode Magnet,
Matthew Burns got drunk In town re
cently and died from accidental Injuries.
Then another old, wornout miner moved
into the cabin to eke out a living as
Burns had done, but the owners wanted
all the gold there was left, and so tore
down the cabin, and the last of Benson
vllle has passed into history.
Mono County chips in with Its little
mining excitement, according to the
Bridgvport Chronicle-Union, which says:
"This week has been a busy one for some
of our prospectors, and those anxious to
get rich in a hurry. The first of the week
Mr. Page, who is at the Arnot mine,
came to town with some very rich speci
mens from a new find on the extension
of the Arnot ledge on Green Creek, and
created quite an excitement, and Wednes
day a number of our citizens quietly left
town and have been locating claims on
the extension and vicinity, several hav
ing been filed with the County Clerk. We
hear this morning that a body of rich
copper has been strruck In the Copper
Mountain mine at Jordan. Mono County
will soon be In the swim again."
The Alcatrnz Asphalt Company, at Its
Sisquoc mines, has been making rather
unusual developments In the industrial
applications of electricity, says the Santa
Barbara Press. A novel use to which they
have just put electricity is in operating
a regular naval' searchlight for the illu
mination of their asphalt mine at night.
This mine, being an open cut Jn the moun
tain side, offers a very natural field for
the use of this light. Outside of the city
of Santa Barbara no place in the county
has such a complete electric plant as is
found tucked away in these mines. The
complete equipment of an electric station
has been installed. In addition to a high
speed and torpedo boat style of electric
light generator, the company has just
completed putting into operation a large
power engine and generator to supply the
electric current for use solely for power
machines, as electric pumps, shop motors
and their huge electric crane or excavator
This last machine is in itself quite an
electric novelty, being nothing less than
a large dredger, but applied to asphalt
digging. Us current is supplied by an
overhead trolley line over a hundred feet
high in the air, and is stretched from one
mountain spur to another, and directly
over the mine. The mines are now in op
eration and eating into their mountain
of asphalt, the mill being in regular run
ning order and asphalt being transmitted
through its twenty-mile pipe line to the
sea at Gaviota.
The shortage of water in the mountains
is the talk of most mining men who have
been there recently, says the Stockton In
dependent. The Tuolumne Water Com
pany is having trouble with Its dams, and
on that account many of the mines are
being worked with reduced forces or have
to shut down their mills altogpuier. Most
of the mines are running, however, and
the ore is being stored for such time as
water enough can be secured for turning
the mills and operating the stamps. Some
new mills are being put up, and many
more will be built early in the spring.
An issue concerning a quartz ledge on
a patented placer claim slightly similar
to that in which the Cranes Gulch mine
of El Dorado C<sunty is involved has just
been ruled on by the Interior Depart
ment. The decision is probably of inter
est, and if It had been given ten days
earlier it would have saved the life of
"Jake" Randall. The property over
which the issue arose was composed of
two quartz claims and one placer
claim within the townsite of Keswiek,
Shasta County. Joseph A. Kahny ap
plied for patent to the three claims, in
which quartz and placer propositions
were mixed in some way not clearly ex
plained in existing accounts. One of the
claims was Jumped, and the General
Land Commissioner sustained the jump
ers. Now the Secretary of the Interior
has reversed the decision on grounds not
made clear in the brief reports received.
Randall had located a claim overlapping
the one in dispute between Kahny ana
the claim jumpers, and was killed wnne
asserting his right to possession. A full
account of the case would probably pre
sent some interesting points In mining
law.
In several counties of the State both
talk and experiment concerning the use
of oil on highways to reduce both dust
and the impediment of sand to traction
is going on. It is possible that this use
of oil will yet add a good deal to the
home demand for crude petroleum. In
Modesto County Supervisor George W.
Abbott recently put 100 gallons of crude
oil on l?, 0 yards of sand road, under un
favorable conditions making it dustless
and the draft on horses more than one
third less. In Los Angeles oil would now
cost 5 cents a gallon in tank car lots.
Our mines are all busy getting out ore,
and the mills have to run night and nay
to keep up with the mines. The Butte
mine is running three shifts. The Ken
Dog mill, at Johannesburg, is running
full tilt, and averages from 300 to 400 tons
per month.— Randsburg Miner.
Even Placer County has a gold-areng
ing enterprise in view. R. G. Hantorrt
of San Francisco has secured 1600 acres or
land two miles from Lincoln, which will
be prospected with the view of -working
the gravel with a dredge. ,
Another electric proposition Is tnat
which has recently been floated under
the name of the Sierra Water Power
and Light Company. Its power plant is
to be located somewhere near ( a,rtfc'rs,
and its projectors propose to supply an
of the east belt nnd part of the mother
lode with light and power. The water
power is to be obtained on one or tne
forks of the Tuolumne River.— Stockton
Independent. .
[saac Trumho, one of the new proprie
tors of the Golden Cross mines. San
Diego County, has succeeded C. W. 1 aui\
as receiver of the property.
There are thirty-seven gold-producing
counties in the 156,000 square miles or
California's area. San Francisco has
hern investing money in mines for fifty
years and Is to-day more heavily inter
ested in mines in California and else
where than ever before. In one county in
California San Francisco has put over
$5,000,000 In the last three years. There are
fewmining districts in an; part of the west
half of America in which San Francisco
capital is not invested, but ten San Fran
ciscofl could not furnish the requisite
amount of money necessary to develop
the multitude of deserving mining pro
jects daily brought to its attention. Since
the discovery of gold in California this
one State has produced gold to the value
of over $1,300,000,000. There are now over
17.000 undeveloped mines in California
awaiting capital to become profitable pro
ducers.—Mining and Scientific Press.
J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. M. Root, a Hot Springs Mining man,
Is at the Grand.
O. J. Woodward, a Fresno capitalist, Is
registered at the Lick.
W. A. Temple, a wpalthy mining man
of Redding, is at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Hamilton of Lon
don are registered at the Palace.
Judge John F. Davis has come down
from his home and is at the Palace.
W. W. Otis, one of the loading lawyers
of Stockton, is registered at the Lick.
J. N. Taylor of the Boston Globe Is a
guest at the Occidental, where he arrived
yesterday.
J. I. Coleman, a large mine owner of
Redding, is one of the recent arrivals at
the Palace.
H. C. Short, a prominent railroad man
of Topeka. Kans., Is among the arrivals
at the Occidental.
M. L. Isham, an extensive rancher of
Courtland, is in the city enjoying a short
period of recreation. He is staying at the
Grand.
J. A. McKenzie, a rancher and land
owner of Fresno, Is staying at the Lick,
where he will remain during his short
visit to this city.
Dr. and Mrs. Hernidi of Budapest,
Hungary, and E. R. yon Prethein of Aus
tria are a party of foreigners traveling
for pleasure. They are at the Palace.
Colonel Rice, commanding the Twenty
sixth United States Volunteer Infantry,
is among the late arrivals at the Occi
dental. Mrs. Rice accompanies her hus
band.
Rev. B. C. Anderson and C. F. Mcßoy,
missionaries from Virginia, who are wait
ing for the Coptic to carry them to Japan,
the field of their future labors, are at the
Occidental.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The British cruiser Terrible is billeted
for China to relieve the Powerful. The
Terrible has been at the Portsmouth dock
yard for several months, furnishing con
siderable work in repairing of her ma
chinery, and the ship will be missed as an
old landmark.
The Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer
Sazanami, built at Yarrow's yard, has
passed through her trials, averaging 31.382
knots during a three hours' run. The
steam pressure stood at 230 pounds, vac
uum 24% inches and the air pressure l l^
inches, giving 392 revolutions. The high
est speed reached was 33.333 knots and the
lowest 29.268 knots. The Sazanami is one
of four 360-ton boats built by Yarrow and
all have given satisfactory results.
The savings of the enlisted men in the
British navy amount to nearly $2,000,000,
all of which is on deposit with the Gov
ernment. The number of enlisted men is
110,640, giving nearly $19 to each man, as
represented in the total sum of savings.
The number of enlisted men in the United
States navy was, on July 1, 1898, about
10,000, exclusive of those serving tempo
rarily during the war with Spain, and the
sum total of their deposits with the Gov
ernment was nearly $316,000, an average of
$31 60 to each man.
The Italian cruiser Garibaldi recently
launched at Genoa from the yard of th.c
Ansaldo's, was launched nine months
after the keel was laid. This would be a
pretty good record for a British yard and
the tendency in all countries, even in
France, is to materially reduce the period
of building. The Garibaldi had 3000 tons
of material in her hull when launched and
she is of .6840 tons displacement, her di
mensions being 362 feet in length, 59 feet
beam and 23 feet draught.
The Swedish Wrecking Company, which
is trying to raise the Russian armor-cla|l
Gangoot, or as her Tartar name is spelled,
Hango Udd, has met with serious re
verses. In endeavoring to get the vessel
on an even keel iron hooks at the end of
chains were attached to each side of
the vessel. The strain was too great for
the hull to stand this pull and portions of
the upper part of the hull were ripped off
and the deck was also serioußly damaged.
The indications are now rather unfavor
able for raising this vessel from her
watery grave, where she was dropped a
little over two years ago.
New regulations for the promotion of
officers have Just been promulgated by
the British Admiralty. Captains to be
promoted must have had six years' ser
vice at sea during peace time or four
years on war service at sea, both of which
requirements, however, may be compro
mised by a record of five years under both
conditions. Commanders for promotion
must have had sea service in their gra.la
of at least one year, nnd lieutenants, in
order to become commanders, must have
been four years in the grade of three
/feari at sea. The latter may also be pro
moted for gallantry, provided he has been
two years at sea as a lieutenant.
The Austrian torpedo cruiser Zeuta,
built at Pola. has just completed her
steam trials. The vessel is of 2300 tons
on c draught of 14 feet 2 inches and la
."02 feet in length and 39 feet 4 inches
beam. The average results of the four
hours' forced draught trial was 7990 horse
power and 20.59 krot speed. She has eight
Yarrow boilers, with an aggregate heat
ing surface of 20.000 square feet and 300
square feet of grate. Steam Is carried
at 200 pounds. The battery of the Zeuta
is unusually heavy for so small a displace
ment and is composed of eight 4.7-inen
quick-firers, ten G-pounders. two machine
guns and one bow torpedo tube.
There is trouble with the new British
battleships Ocean and Canopus. which
bad their trials last month. The Ocean
lias been found slower than anticipated,
and although the contractors have com
plied with the conditions of the contract.
as far as horse-power and coal consump
tion are concerned, the Admiralty will ar
rnnge for another trial to ascertain lf *£*
lops in the first trial were at fault. The
same difficulty has arisen on the ststersmp
Canopau, and the two battleships have
been taken to the dockyard, where the
machinery will be opened up. It will take
at least one month before they will be
able to resume their trials. The Canopus
and Ocean are identical with the Albion.
Glory, Goliath and Vengeance battleships
of 12.9. r >o tons. 13,500 horse-power and a cal
culated speed of 18% knots. They have all
been launched and four are in an ad
vanced stage of completion. Their avr
apre cost, exclusive of armament, is about
$4,100,000 for each ship.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MINERAL LOCATIONS-E. W. A..
Lathrop, Cal. Neither Yosemlte nor Se
quoia Parks are open for mining loca
tions, nor h.-ivf they he*>n since they were
declared national parks.
ART FIRM— ML. City. This department
does not express opinions on the merit or
standing of a business house or firm. You
should make your application to one of
the mercantile agencies.
THE SHERMAN'S ARRIVAL— E. O.
M.. Untie. San Luis Ohispo. Cal. The
name of the one who guessed nearest to
the time of the arrival of the Sherman
was published in The Call of Sunday,
August 27.
CLEARY AND BURKE— P. H. 8., City.
The fight in San Francisco between Mike
Clcafy and Jack Burke, "the Irish Lad."
occurred on the night of November 23.
1885. After seven rounds it was declared
a draw. Mlkp Cleary came to San Fran
cisco February 20, 18ffi, and on the Bin
of March encaged in a match in the Me
chanics' Pavilion with Jack Brady.
CATTLE INSPECTOR— Restorere, City.
To be a Government Inspector or assist
ant inspector of cattle for the United
States, the individual must be a veteri
narian in order to secure an appointment.
There is connected with the service a
stock Inspector, who. while he Is not re
quired to be a veterinarian, must have
had experience in the care of stock. Ail
nre under civil service rule, consequently
the term of office is unlimited. Dr. G. S.
Baker is the inspector for San Francisco,
and Dr. T. F. Shannon is the Inspector
for Los Angeles.
VISITING FRANCE— E. S., City. Every
male citizen of France is required to per
form military duty. If he should leave
France shortly before the time arrived
when he should enter that service, and
he came to the United States, became a
citizen thereof and then returned to
France, he would be forced to perform
that military duty. The United States
could not claim his exemption from ser
vice on the ground that he became a cit
izen of the Union, for the reason that the
United States as well as other countries,
under the provisions of International law,
will not protect one It received into cit
izenship in the matter of any obligation
he owes to the country from which ho
renounced allegiance, and which was In
curred prior to change of citizenship.
THE WEATHER BUREAU— AII posi
tions in the Weather Bureau of the Uni
ted States are under civil service rules
except that of chief or forecast official,
who is named by the Secretary of Agri
culture. To enter the service the appli
cant must start in as an observer unltss
he apply for the position of messenger.
He should be possessed of at least a high
school education, but a still higher edu
cation will be of value. He must have
a fair knowledge of meteorology, and
under the classified civil service rules for
this year he has to undergo an examina
tion in spelling, arithmetic, letter writing,
penmanship, copying from plain copy,
copying from rough copy, meteorology,
essay writing and geography. In the San
Francisco office the positions are fore
cast official, $3000 per annum; local ob
server, from $1500 to $1800; observers, from
$S4O to $1400, and messenger. $360. Thera
is also a printer connected with the office,
but the one engaged in that work now
is one of the observers.
Good Worit of the State Fair Club.
Breeder and SDortsman.
An example has been set by the citizens
of Sacramento this year that can be emu
lated with profit by the residents of other
cities where annual fairs are held. Realiz
ing the fact that the fair was an immense
benefit to the capital city and that it de
served their hearty support, a number of
the leading business men organized
themselves into a State Fair Club and be
gan an energetic and concerted move
ment to boom the State"s exposition and
show the visitors from abroad that Sac
ramentans were alive to its value and
appreciated the benefits derived from
having- it located permanently in their
city. Knowing that the racing end of the
fair would take care of itself, the State
Fair Club centered its energies on the pa
vilion exhibit, and raised a fund which
was expended in decorating- the building,
aiding exhibitors, providing amusements
and attracting visitors. The result has
exceeded the expectations of the most
enthusiastic among them, and has not
only tilled the pavilion nightly with the
largest crowds ever seen within its walls,
but has attracted the attention of the
State to the fair, and brought to Sacra
mento people from all parts of the Pa
cific Coast.
What has been done by the State Fair
Club of Sacramento can be accomplished
by similar organizations in the towns
w"here district fairs are held. It only
needs concerted action on the part of
the citizens of each district to make the
California circuit of fairs a great fea
ture of the State's summer season, and
attract not only the attendance of thou
sands of visitors, but result in an actual
financial benefit to the towns where the
fairs are held. Nothing that the citizens
of any California community can do will
bring their locality into notice more gen
erally than the organization of a District
Fair" Club that will have for its object
the securing of a first-class exhibit of
all products of the district at a fair to
be held next year. The State Fair Club
has furnished an object-lesson of what
organization and energy will accomplish.
It can be studied with profit by the cit
izens of every district in California-
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend 8. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ♦
"So you have decided to spend the
summer in the country this year?"
"No, sir, I have not. My wife has de
cided it."—Philadelphia North Ameri
can.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For Bale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be cure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
» m ■—"
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only |60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 60 per day. Apply at ' New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.WAVE SWEPT HIM
INTO THE OCEAN
A SUCCESSION of pisantic waves
swept without warning about 10
o'clock yesterday morning over
the Olympic Bait Water Com
pany's pier near the Cliff House,
carrying an unknown boy to his death
in the ocean, knocking down and
bruising two others and thoroughly
drenching the other men and boys on
the structure.
The boy that was drowned was
not more than 14 years old. He had
gone to the end of the pier some
time before the first wave struck with
1 >tto Barth, aged IT. residing at 210
Fourteenth street, and G. F. Beards
ley, aged 10, of 546 Fourth street.
They walked to the extreme end,
when tiny threw in their lines and
began to tish. They were unacquaint
ed with one another. They had fished
in silence for about fifteen minutes
and the unknown was In the act of
unhooking a flsh, when Barth ob-
I a tremendous wave rolling in.
!!.- shouted a warning and seized a
ringbolt of the pier to which he clung.
The next instant the gigantic flood
of wat< r Btruck the pier. Barth was
torn from his holding piace and
dashed face downward on the pier,
but the force of the water had ■ ■ • □
.md his life was saved. Beards
ley grasped the railing but was pick
ed up by a wave and thrown a little
distance, though not into the water.
When the warning- was given the
unknown boy did not seem to realize
the danger which was close at hand.
He stood transfixed, and made no ef
fort whatever to secure him self .When
the wave struck him he waA lifted
on its bosom and carried into Hie b< a.
For a while he swam heroically, and
had almost reached a pile when a
second wave dashed up and took him
beyond the reach of help. There was
a crowd on the pier a short distance
off, ami nearly everybody who com
: more or less of a
drenching. It did not take thr m<n
long, however, to recovei thema
and, rushing to the end of the pier,
saw that both Barth and Beardsley
- I. I '--. Barth ran up th" shore
anJ warned th< life Bavers, who im
mediately ]>;:l out a boat and made
an unsuccessful effort to recover the
f the unknown.
"At about 10 o'clock Sunday morn
ing," Bald Barth last evening, "I
went to the end of the Olympic pier
to fish. There «> re two other boys
with mo, but they were both
ptrangers to me. I hn<i been enjoy
ing the sp"i"t for about Ji f t.-en min
utes, wlu-n 1 saw a wave coming that
looked as liitc as Twin Peak>. I
shouted for the other boys to grab
something and hold on for their lives.
There was a ring-bolt screwed into
BURIAL OF KNIPPENBERG
The Unfortunate Victim of a Degen
erate's Frenzy Laid to Best.
The parlors of Terba Euena Lodge N"o.
15, I. O. O. F., wore crowded to their ut
tnoflt capacity yesterday afternoon by
friends and relatives, who wont to attend
the funeral of K. K. Knippenberg, who
was murdered a week ago by degenerate
Robert Hunt fn a saloon at the corner of
Stuart and Howard streets.
Noble Grand Charles Wilson presided
the r.-liK-i'ius purt <>t the ceremonies
vv.-u, ; by L. I* Alexander,
chaplain of the lodge.
At the conclusion of the rites all pres
ent filc-d around the casket and locked for
the last time on the face of the dead,
after which the lid was screwed down,
.. ,-d by a long file of. carriages
and brother Odd Fellows on Coot, th<» body
was carried across the bay to Mountain
View Cemetery In Oakland, where tho in
terment took place.
To Honor California Heroes.
The entertainment arranged by the St.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BABnICE
MASS OF SORES
They Almost Closed Her Eyes.
Physicians of No Benefit. _
Healed by CI7TICUBA.
When my little sister was four months old her
ebeekJ became red and inflamed. Small pimples
broke out over her face and it was one mass of
scabs, which almost closed her eyes and reached
into the corners of her mouth. For several
weeks a physician attended her, but as she de-
rived little or no benefit from hlfl treatment we
Marched tor other means. We bought a cake of
Cdticcba Soap and ft box of Cotictba (oint-
ment). Her face healed and she grew healthy
again Ton can use this letter as a testimonial.
March 1«, '98. KOSABUEUEE, Solomon, Kan.
Blgned by parents,
FfiED BUEOKE, Mm. O. BTJEGEB.
tetterln hands
CURED BY CUTBCURA
I bad Tetter on my hand* for two years. My
hands were all cracked to pieces, and bled so
that I eonld not decently drees myself, and they
Itched terribly. I tried everything, but nothing
teemed to do me any good. I tri«d the Cdticcha
remedies and they are so much better that they
no longer bother me at all. •
SALLIE E. COPELAKD, Woodland, W. 0.
Sept. 17, 1898. ;
OtmcußA ttEßOT.vEirr, greatest of blood puri-
fiers and humor cures, internally (to cleanse tho
blood of all impurities and poisonous elements),
with warm baths with CnncimA Soap, followed
by gentle anointings of CxmctmA, the great akin
cure externally (to clear tho skin and scalp and
restore the hair), Will instantly rollovo and
speedily cure the most torturing, disfiguring hu-
mors of the sMn, scalp, and blood, with loss of
hair, when all else fails.
BoM throughout the world. Pwna Dbco Aim Caw.
Coar., rropt., Battoa. "AH About Baby"* Shin," fte«.
> nilUt Dl CO Notch**. b>.mAhmOM,rti.rrjoi!h. cOr item,
ril7irL2.O red, band! vlth »hnp*l<-«« salt* and
palatal fio£«r «i<ll, Drornittd by ("vtiocb*. BoaF,
finlilt i* •*"-! — 'TT"" 1 tmaiiljtni »«ajs.
tli<? wharf cose to me, .t>3 i pur my
left hand through it and clasped ,n*
wrist with the other hand. When
the wave struck me it seemed to come
as fast as a train of cars, and it
caught me with force enough to
break my hold and toss me quite a
distance up the pier, where I landed
flat on my face. I managed to grab
the plank walk that runs to the end
of the wharf and held on until the
second wave passed over me. I then
ran for the shore, but had to stop
.md hold on to the rail, as there were
other big waves following me— some
six or seven in all. There was a crowd
of people near the shore end of the
wharf, and from there they watched
the poor boy drown.
"I ran to the life-saving station and
notified them of the accident, and
they put out a boat at once, but
could not find the boy. They succeeded
only in rinding two hats. " Mine was
lost.
"When I yelled for the others to
look out for the big wave, the boy
who was drowned had Just landed a
fish and was baiting his hook, and
when he saw the wave coming he
seemed to be paralyzed with fear, as
he made no effort to save himself,
but stood there as if transfixed.
"When I saw him after the first wave
had washed him overboard he was
only a few feet from the wharf and
seemed to be swimming easily, and I
thought that, with another stroke or
two, he would have reached the
wharf. Just then the second wave
struck him and when I saw him again
he was at least twenty yards away.
It was while I was running to the
station that I last saw him. He had
".hen quit swimming and was making
his last struggle."
The fate of the unknown lad is
similar to that of more than a dozen
others on the same pier. The com
pany has posted a notice forbidding
persons from walking out on the
bridge, but nevertheless thousands
of people climb upon the structure
every Sunday. The drowned boy
wore a checkered suit of clothes,
knee pants, and had a soft gray hat
on. He is said to have been about 14
years of age. It was reported that
he resided on the 400 block on
Xatoma street, but inquiry in that
neighborhood failed to discover his
identity.
Vincent de Paul Society of St. Joseph's
parish in honor of the First California
Volunteer Regiment and the California
Heavy Artillery promises to be quite a
treat for the soldier boys. Mayor James
D. Phelan and Father McKinnon, chap
lain of the First California Regiment, will
mong the speakers. Rev. Father Scan
lan, pastor of St. Joseph's Church, ex
tends an Invitation to all returned sol-
LATEST ADDITI ON TO THE TRANSPORT FLEET.
Th« Glenople is now at Mission-street wharf, but considerable work has to
be don© on her before she will be ready to carry troops to Manila. Her smoke
stack has been painted yellow and the red, white and blue bands of the trans
port service painted on it. In consequence the machinists, boiler-makers, paint
ers and carpenters claim that she is a Government boat and refuse to work more
than eight hours a day. The Risdon Iron Works has the contract, and It claims
the Glenogle 16 a private job and in consequence there is a hitch that may end in
a strike.
diers who were former residents of St.
Joseph's parish, and requests their pres
ence next Wednesday evening at the re
ception tendered them at the college hall,
corner of Tenth and Howard streetß.
A Medal Presentation.
Corporal William Dlneen of Company H,
First California Regiment, was tendered
a reception by his fellow members of
Yorke Council No. 508, Young Men's In-
Btitute, at Pioneer Hall last Friday night.
The council presented Corporal Dlneon
with a handsome gold medaL
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18. 1899.
SKILLED LABOR
NOW IN DEMAND
ON TRANSPORTS
Workmen Control the
Situation.
TROUBLE ON OVERTIME PAY
GENERAL STRIKE MAY COME
AT ANY TIME NOW.
Uncle Sam Has Seventeen Troopships
That He Wants to Get Away by-
First Week in October
If Possible.
Skilled labor is in demand on the water |
I front. The fleet of transports now in port
; has created an immense amount of work, i
and in consequence machinists, boiler
makers, carpenters and painters are
' working night and day, Sundays and holi
days. This state of affairs has raised
some very fine points in the various
I unions.
Directly a steamer has the red, white
I and blue stripes painted on her funnel, j
i the men look upon her as a Government j
I transport, and in consequence claim eight
I hours as a day's work. This state of af-
I fairs has given rise to a number of con
-1 ferences between masters and men, and
the latter have invariably shown a de
sire to be reasonable.
Tilings have now come to a stage, how
i ever, that will result in some material
changes this week, or else there will be !
a general strike. The bollermakers have j
I hitherto been working nine hours on ship j
; work and getting paid for ten hours. Now j
they demand an eight-hour day with ten
hours' pay. Under the old rules, for
eleven hours' night work they got twenty-
I two hours' pay, but now they insist upon
I twenty-six hours' pay for .oe same
amount of work. As an example of the
manner in which the new schedule will
work, one of the boilennakers received for
' his last week's work sixteen and a half
. aays' pay at $3 50 a day.
The machinists are asking for an eight
< hour day and double time tor night work
I and Sunday and holiday work.
The painters have organized a union and
will ask that no man be employed on a
Government transport who does not know |
how to mix paint. An eight-hour day will |
also be insisted upon, and the pay is to
i be raised to $3 a day. The carpenters will
I be satisfied with an eight-hour day and
i double pay for overtime.
Such was the condition of affairs yes
i terday on the Government vessels. On
I the bhe*idan the boilermakers will not
; go to work to-day unless their demands
. are complied with. The Fulton Iron
Works, which has the job, shows no signs
,of yielding. On the Grant and Sherman
! the boilennakers are nearly through with
the job. The demands of the machinists
working on them have been granted. On
i the Centennial the men are getting what
they asked.
On the Tacoma there is considerable
■ work to be done to-day, and unless the
men's demands are granted there will be
a strike on her as well as on the Sheri
; dan. The Glenogle is to be fitted out, the
: Valencia. Zealandia, Olympia, Lennox and
Victoria are all expected here within a
week and will have to be overhauled,
: while the City of Peking is to be taken
for a transport as soon as she arrives
from China, and will require considerable
work done on her. Skilled labor will there
fore be kept going night and day right
along, and as the supply is limited it
looks as though the men will get what
they ask for. Uncle Sam has said that
! eight hours shall constitute a day's work,
• and the men think it only fair that he
I should practice what he preaches.
In the case of the painters there is like
ly to be some friction. The Government
• officials may look with favor on an eight
i hour day, but they will not pay any $3 for
it. "There will be no advance in wages,"
' said a member of the quartermaster's de
partment yesterday. "Any old sailor can
paint a ship, and if it comes to a show
down we will make a requisition for a
regiment of men from the Presidio and
will set them to work painting the ships.
Half a dozen men can mix enough paint
i to keep a regiment going, and we'll see
that they do it."
Everything was quiet on the transport
j wharf yesterday, but it remains to be
I seen what the next twenty-four hours will
i bring forth. •  :.r
•-»«
Womerrs Relief Corps.
General George G. Meade Corps No. 21,
' W. R. C, will give a social next Tuesday
evening in Universal Hall of the Forest
ers' building for the fund used to aid the
distressed veterans of the Civil War. The
j features of the evening will be proj,res-
sive euchre, programme of entertain
ment, music, dancing and a grab-bag.
*/ilaifisn(*4M*no
is prepared 'at our brewery and Is guaranteed
unequaled in quality, purity and medicinal
virtue.
ANHETJSER-BUSCH BREWING ABS'N.
. — — ■ ♦ ■ — — — . ■
A Chicago woman make« her ! living by
washing cats.
AERONAUT FALLS
FROM PARACHUTE
ROBERT EARI-STON, an aeronaut,
fell yesterday afternoon from a
parachute that he had cut loose
from a balloon at Glen Park, and
went down like a rocket, a distance of
thirty feet, striking upon his head on a
pile of loose dirt and rocks. A thousand
spectators witnessed the thrilling sight.
Earlston went up a distance of 1000 feet
with the balloon. When he left the
ground he had hold with his teeth of a
rope attached to the bar of the para
chute. He at once set to work to give
an exhibition of his skill and performed
a number of tricks in midair. At tht»
height of about 1000 feet he cut loose.
The parachute opened promptly and he
began to journey downward, holding
on to the parachute bar. As he came
down, not any faster than usual, the bar
of the parachute struck against one of
the new Mission street road's trolley
wires. That threw the aeronaut.
Down went Earlston, striking on his
head. A crowd of people ran to him.
He had good nerve and managed to get
upon his feet and walked a step or two.
Then he was carried to the theater.
After a while he was put on a car and
went to the City and County Hospital by
himself. It was found he had a slight
THE TRANSPORT
GRANT TO CARRY
ORIENTAL MAIL
No Steamer Leaving
for Two Weeks.
AZTEC'S COOKS NEARLY LEFT
"A NIGHT IN VENICE" TUG RUNS
ON A MUD BANK. %
Three French Barks Racing to San
Francisco — A Chinese With False
Papers Escapes From the
Ship Invincible.
The transport Grant was scheduled to
sail to-day at 4 p. m. for Manila, but may
be held pending the development of sus
pected smallpox In the Thirty-first Regi
ment. When she does go she will carry
mall. Owing to the fact that the Rio
de Janeiro has been taken for atransport,
ordinarily there would have been no regu
lar mail for the Orient until the 29th inst.
The Postmaster, therefore, applied to the
transport authorities, and the mail will
go on the Grant.
As the CUy of Peking is to be taken as
a transport and the America Maru has
been delayed owing to fire breaking out
in her coal bunkers, the Postmaster will
arrange to send mail out on both the
Sherman and Sheridan. The Honolulu
mail was put aboard the hospital ship
Relief last Saturday, but as she did not
sail it will be taken off and put aboard
the Australia. It might have been sent
out on th» Belgian King, which sailed
Saturday night, hut nothing would have
been ga'lned, ns the transport is a slow
boat and the Australia will reach Hono
lulu as soon as she in spite of her four
days' start.
The transport Aztec nearly sailed Satur
day night without cooks. The men went
ashore for a last drink and got left.
Luckily the vessel had to anchor in the
stream on account of the fog and the
chief steward, discovering that the men
were not aboard, went ashore and
rounded them up.
The Sherman docked yesterday at Fol
som street, taking the place of the
Belgian King, and the Sheridan, at
Harrison street, taking the place of the
One of the Chinese who came down
from the canneries on the ship Invincible
made his escape Saturday night and there
is likely to be trouble in consequence.
Two of the coolies had somebody else's
papers, and the immigration officer re
fused them a landing. One, however, got
Into ashore boat and is now safely nid
In Chinatown. A vigorous search is be
ing 'Tiade for him, and if caught he will
be deported.
Three French barks are having a trial
of speed to San Francisco. They are the
Sainte Anne, Cambronne and Genevlve
Molinos. They all left Swansea 117 days
ago, and one or the other should reach
port in a week or so. The Sainte Anne
Is a brand new vessel on her maiden voy
age and she is looked upon here as a
winner. She was spoken on June 17 in
latitude 5 north, longitude 29 west, while
three days later the Gencvive Molinos
was only in latitude 1 north, longitude 25
west. The Cambronne has not been
spoken since leaving Swansea.
The Oakland excursionists who went to
"A Night in Venice" on the tug Union
had a disagreeable time of it on the re
turn trip. They got lost in the fog after
entering Oakland Creek, and the tug got
stuck on a mudbank. The tide was go
ing out and the Union could not be got
off. About four hours later the launch
Brisk came along and the people on the
tug lost no time in hailing her. They
were taken off and, tired out and dis
gusted, were landed about 4 a. m.. at
Broadway wharf.
CARRERA IN TROUBLE.
Cashier of the Union Pacific Salt Com-
pany Short in His Accounts.
When Edward G. Carrera, cashier of the
Union Pacific Salt Company, closed his
handsome residence at 3363 Washington
street and departed on what was supposed
to be his summer vacation about two
weeks ago, his friends were unaware that
he was under a cloud, and they did not
know that Mrs. Carrera, Instead of leav
fracture of the skull and was also cut
about the head. Earlston insisted on
walking from the hospital to a street
car and went home to his lodging seem
ingly not seriously the worse for his
fall."
Earlston is well known among aero
nauts and has been touring the Pacific
Coast towns recently, giving exhibitions.
He weighs fully 170 pounds and has had
previous falls from ballons, being lame
as the result of a previous accident.
ing the city with her husband, went to
the home of her father, Hugo Herzer,
where she now is. Neither did they know
that before taking his departure from the
city, Carrera deeded his fine residence to
the First National Bank, to protect that
institution from possible loss through his
peculiar financial operations.
It appears that Carrera, in addition to
being the cashier of the salt company,
also acted as the confidential clerk of the
president of the corporation, John Barton.
Mr. Barton trusted Carrera implicitly
and when he expected to be absent from
his place of business for a day was in
the habit of signing a number of blank
checks and leaving them with his clerk
to fill out and use in the payment of bills.
. Carrera filled out these checks so indus
triously that President Barton's balance
in the First National Bank was quickly
exhausted. It was not until aggregating
overdrafts a goodly sum had accumulated,
however, that one of the notices sent out
by the bank officials informing him of the
conditions of his account, escaped tne
vigilance of Carrera and caught Barton's
eye. Upon receiving this notice Barton
called on President Wilson of the bank
and at the latter's suggestion sent for
Carrera and demanded an explanation.
The result was the deeding by Carrera of
his property to the bank and his sudden
departure for parts unknown. Carrera's
alleged peculations are said to amount to
at least $5000 and may reach double that
amount. His residence is valued at $17,000
and is mortgaged for $6,500.
Mr. Barton has placed the entire matter
in the hands of the bank officials and de
clines to be interviewed on the subject.
Mr. Herzer and Mrs. Carrera say they do
not know where Carrera is, nor why he
went away.
Company M Banqueted.
Company M of the First California Vol
unteers was royally entertained at the
Page-street Armory Saturday night by
the ex-members* of Batteries G and H of
the Second Artillery. N. G. C. The large
armory was handsomely decorated for the
occasion and the ex-members outdid
themselves in giving their comrades a
right royal reception.
Dr. B. P. Fleming presided and the ad
dress of the evening was delivered by J.
A Mitchell, who spoke of the love and
adoration which the people of San Fran
cisco had for the boys who went to the
front to defend the flag, and the country it
represented. Major T. F. O'Neil. Captain
Charles Hogan. Lieutenant W. Wall and
Lieutenant Rivers each paid a handsome
compliment to the brave boys, especially
Company M.
A Representative's Return.
Court El Dorado No. 31 of the Foresters
of America will tender a banquet next
Thursday night to A. C. Boldemann, one
of its officers, who recently returned from
the East, where he attended the session
of the Supreme Court of the order as a
representative from California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pain Conquered; Health Re-
stored by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
[LETTER -TO MRS. PINXRAM WO. 92,649!
M I feel it my duty to write and thank
you for what your Vegetable Com-
pound has done for me. It is the only
medicine I have found that has done
me any good. Before taking your medi-
cine, I was all run down, tired all the
time, no appetite, pains in my back and
bearing down pains and a great suf-
ferer during- menstruation. After tak-
ing two bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound I felt like a new
woman. lam now on my fourth bottle
and all my pains have left me. I feel
belter than 1 have felt for three years
and would recommend your Compound
to every suffering woman. I hope this
letter will help others m find a cure
for their troubles." — Mrs. Uella
Remicker, Eensselaeb, Lnd.
The serious ills of women develop
from neglect of early symptoms. Every
pain and ache has a cause, and the
warning they give should not be disre-
garded.
Mrs. Pinkham understands these
troubles better than any local phy-
sician and will give every woman free
advico who is puzzled about her
health. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass. Pon't put off writing until
health ts completely broken down.
Write at the first indication of trouble.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. _____
Elegant Goods
Inviting Prices!
BLACK DRESS GOODS-Et h Serge. 47 lnch<- wide. In all
pure wool, extra heavy; positively a bargain at 6Oc per yard.
French Venetian, in all wool, 51 inches wide; special at $1.00
per yard.
Mohair Crepons, in a variety of new designs; extra special
at $1.25 per yard.
Imported Cheviot, 60 inches wide, extra heavy all-wool, a splen-
did fabric for tailor suiting; exceptional value at $1.25 per yard.
COLORED DRESS GOODS- Just opened, Zibelene plaids,
choice colorings and designs; 50c per yard.
Camel"s Hair with Mohair combed, choice skirting plaid; 50c
per yard.
Mohair Crepons, 46 Inches wide; 50c per yard.
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES— Ladies' Kersey Cloth
Jackets, in black, navy and tan, also tan Covert Cloth, fly fronts
r . »d with silk be at *5.00 each.
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, made of fine all-wool Cheviot, in tan and
gray plaid back: extra value at $5.00 each.
LADIES* DRESS SKlRTS— Ladies' Dress Skirts, In fancy
mixed materials, lined with percaline and bound with corduroy;
special at $3.00 each.
LADIES' WRAPPERS— 2SO Ladies' Flannelette Wrappers,
epaulettes and yoke trimmed with braid, waists lined; special at
$1.00 each.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS — 3V 2 yards lonp in ten
handsome styles, finely finished, very durable; special at $1.50
per pair.
60 pairs of 11-4 WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, 70 inches wide
and 2% yards long, made from a fine grade of Lamb's Wool,
weight 6 pounds, handsomely finished; special at $s.oO per pair.
15 pieces TABLE DAMASK, full 72 Inches wide, in both white and
cream, very solid and pretty patterns, special at 5Pc per yard.
30 dozen HEMSTITCHED HUCK TOWELS, size 23x45, a fine grade
of linen; special at 25c each.
LADIES' TAFFETA SILK WAISTS-Made in the latest
style with back and front of waist of fancy cording; price
$8.00 each.
LADIES' FANCY TAFFETA SILK WAISTS-Backand
front of fine tucks, with fancy braid between tucks, sleeves trim-
med to match; price $10.50 i-*ch.
LADIES' VELVETEEN WAISTS -Lined all through, latest
style make; price $6.50 each.
NOTABLE VALUE -700 yards silk-finished colored "Velvetta"
(the 50 cent quality), in all the popular shades, including cerise,
purple, emerald, tan, light blue, national blue, fuchsia, etc; on
sale at 25c per yard.
See elegant display In our '\nv/ windows.
{f[f Murphy ftuJldlng-, m
laiiet and Jones Streets.
Eye = Glasses
WITH THE NEW CLIP.
Bausch & Lomb Stereo Field Glasses.
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS.
Oculists'- prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. 'Phone Main 10.
opticians<^pk«<™ :
642 Market St. instruments
[ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac-
tice and best equipped mediiial Institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice" free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
or^r^mm rupture.
vmt^T~,'l*'\33k USE NO MORE IRON
pSJfcioifoyftnri'ffiijr^ Hoops or Steel Spring's.
JP"j^S^K9«2^ Rupture retained with ease
H^^'lHJrV^and comfort and thousands raili-
■ im* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
m /Ml* Magnetic Elastic Truss. |C?" Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
Ci A
AMUSEMENTS.
cbitesTnd zoo.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE VERY BEST SHOW NOW IN TOWN!
ADGIE and HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL!
AN OPEN AIR ATTRACTION,
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's Champion High Divers.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE HERD OF
ELEPHANT TURTLES.
SEVENTEEN IN NUMBER.
\ AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE^ EXHIBIT.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
THE CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS
ARE COMING,
SPECIAL MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
They'll be there MONDAY NIGHT under
• COLONEL DUBOCE and MAJOR RICE.
WEDNE5DAY........... MACC ABE 1 8 NIGHT
AMUSEMENT
FREDERICK HALLEN and
BRIGHT BROTHERS. MOLLIK STILLER,
BRIGHT BROTHERS,
STINSON and MERTON.
TERRY and LAMBERT,
BACHELOR CLUB,
CHARLEY CASE.
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
Reserved Seats, 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Telephone Main 532.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE GREATEST TRIUMPH OF
GRAND OPERA.- /
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! ' TO-NIGHT!
"LOHENGRIN."
Sung by Berthald, Mertens, Schuster and Pros-
nltz and Linck.
"Lohengrin" Repeated Wednesday, Friday
Evenings and Saturday Matinee.
The Tremendous Success,
"OTHELLO."
With Slg-nors Avedano, Salassa and Anna Lich-
ter, etc.. in the Cast.
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 CENTS
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR ™
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT
LAUGHING WEEK!
The Funniest Comedy Yet,
TOO MUCH..
JOHNSON . . .
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE EVERY SAT. AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK— "THE IDLER."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
—THIS EVENING
THE MOST BRILLIANT EVENT OF THE
SEASON.
Magnificent Production of Offenbach's World-
Famous Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
First Time of the Beautiful White and Sliver
March by a Corps of Beautiful Girls.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c. 15c. 25c, 35c and 50c.
Best Reserved Seat at. Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CONCERTS AND rtISUitTS.
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, Be. .
Bathing, including admission. 25: Children. :oe.
•"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jQ*WSfc/? 02. 1 * HEARST ST. Established
Sf 1 " f^as! in 1554 for the treatment of Private
I. Kj \w Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 625 HKAR.W ST. Established
A In 1834 for the treatment of Private
n Diseiisps, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I A disease wearingoubodyandmlndatid
■fcSßggS?»*W Skin Diseases. I'taedoctorcureswhen
Mothers fall. Try him. Charges low
g»Bhf«Efifefl fnr»«jrniir.nl..H Call or write.
Pr. J. *'. tftIBBOJT, Box 1937, San Francisco.
56
1(/GSt
OPEN STAKE
IS CAPTURED
BY METALLIC
Pasha Kennels' Greyhound
Shows High-Class Form
at Union Park,
Pasha Kennels' imported greyhound
Metallic showed yesterday that she was
rapidly rouhdlng into her true form by
defeating a strong Held of dogs at Union
Coursing' Park. Her early trials were not
of the best but ns she worked her way I
down toward the final she showed im- ;
proved form. In the final, where she met
K. E. de B. Lopez' Mineola, she led by
four lengths, having unlimited speed, and
bhut out her opponent pointless.
The most interesting: course of the day
was between Connemara and Firm
Friend. The latter, as true, and as game
a greyhound as ever went to slips, was
running In grand form all day. The first
trial was an "undecided," each scoring
two points. The next time out Firm
Friend led from slips and, after a long |
course, won by a score of sixteen to ,
eleven points. " "Con" had possession of
tho hare for a time and worked it well, I
but Firm Friend proved' too much for .
him. The long course told on Firm !
Friend, for, when he met Minneola In the
succeeding round, he retired from the i
stake.
Young America was defeated by Isora •
after an "undecided" In which each
scored two points. .Nora then won de
cisively, scoring live points to one. In
the opening round when Swedish met j
Crawford .Braes, the latter was favorite
In the betting at ten to one. To the sur
prise of the bettors, Swedish won by a
score of Fix to four. Johnny R put Lord
Byron out, the score being nine to seven.
Minneola and Wait A Little ran a "no
go," each scoring three points. In the
run off, Minneola won, seven to five. Me
tallic defeated Mora In the third round,
scoring seven to nothing for the black
greyhound.
The consolation of the California Pro
duce stake was won by J. H. Perigo's
Lady Davenport. The same owner's Bohe
was* favorite for the stake, but was re-,
tired by "Warrior, who was one to ten I
in the betting. The score was eight to six. j
In the morning isarcissus defeated Aga
memnon, scoring llfty-four to nothing. ]
In the final Sweet Emma was a pro
nounced favorite, the prevailing odds
being seven to one. She led up and se- ]
cured one turn and then ceased trying.
Lady Davenport then took three turns !
and killed, winning the stake.
The attendance was large and the cours- \
ing of high class tnrouehout the day. The j
fortunes of the draw brought the best!
dogs together, rnus leaving a wide range j
of speculation as to the ultimate winner.
The detaiUd results of the sport follow:
California Produce stake, consolation— E. M.
Kellogg'e Sweet Emma beat J. J. Edmonds
Whisky Hill: P. 3. Relliys Still True beat
Henley & Riley's Lucretia Borgia; Curtis &
Son's Narcissus beat R. K. Malcom's Aga
memnon- R. E. tie B. Lopez" Wanda beat C. M. '
Abercromble'a R.>ok Island King; E. Baumeiß- j
U-r's Warrior beat E. M. Kellogg'B lowa Maid; \
1> J. Healey'a O'Hara beat 3. H. Rooseter's
Rapid Addition: J. H. Pertgo's Controller beat j
T. Harre's Wait a Bit; J. H. Perig i'a Bohe
beat J. H. Rosseter's Risky Attempt; J. H.
Ferigo'a Davenport beat J. H. Rosseter's Royal
Ann; R. K. Mai com" a Aeneas beat Russell,
Allen <v Wilson's Rnsie Clair; J. H. Rosse
ter's Random Aim beat C. C. Grlswold's Master
Workman.
Second round— Sweet Emma beat Still True;
Narcissus beat Wanda; Warrior be I Control
ler: Bohe beat O'Hara; Lady Davenport beat ;
Aeneas: Random Aim a bye.
Third round— Sweet Emma beat Narcissus;
Warrior beat Bohe; Lady Davenport beat Ran
dom Aim.
Fourth round— Sweet Emma beat Warrior;
Lady Davenport a bye.
Final— H. PerigrTs T.ady Davenport beat
E. M. Kpllorr's Sweet Emma.
Open stake— R. E. de B. Lopez' Minneola!
beat K. M. Kellopg's Kid McCoy; H. ,». Deck
elman'a Pet Kirby beat a. Johnson's Low- j
lan, lc-r; George Sharman'B Wait a Little beat
John Kennedy'a Night Time: John Kennedy's
Ever Shore I eat Pasha Kennels' Emm Pasha;
K. & R. Scott'B Lord Byron beat Handy
& Smith's Sylvanus; T. J. Mclnerney's
Johnny 1:. beat Bartela Brothers' Winning ■
siyle; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat Aeneld
Kennels' Maid of t3rin; H. A. Deekelman's
Lawrence beat H. F. Anderson's Crawford
Lad; J. Dean's Connemara beat T. Hall's Non- :
pareil; J. Perry's Commodore Nnsh beat G. J.
Panario's Old Glory; Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend bent Russell, Allen A Wilson's Belle
Clalr; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill beat
Storl fc Knowlea' Wag:; M. B. Kavanagh's Swe
dish beat H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes;
Pacha Kennels' Metallic beat J. Jones' Moon- ,
light; T. .1. Mcln<>rn»v's Nora heat Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured; J. O'Shea's Young I
America beat J. Sftjtrerson's Candelaria.
Second round— Minneola beat Pet Kirby;
Walt a Little beat Ever Shore; Johnny R. beat
L"rd Byron; fVnncmara beat Commodore Na=h;
Firm Friend Loat Maid of the Hill; Metallic I
beat Swedish; Nora beat Young America.
Third round— Minneola. beat Walt a Little; :
Forget beat Johnny ': ; Firm Friend beat
Connemara; Metallic beat Nora.
Mlnneola beat Firm Friend;
Final round -Metallic bpat Mlnneola.
MAMIE PLEASANT WON
She Was Awarded First Money
In the Ingleside Park Open
Stake.
The open ptake at the Tngleside Oours-
Ihg Park was awarded yesterday to
Mamie Pleasant, The finals were not
determined, as Daisy Claire was with
drawn, owing to a very gmelling course
CADETS DENOUNCE
THE CIGARETTE
O \ X 7IUJAM WYAND nf CnrapjinyH
♦ \l\J '*- -'"■''-'''■'' ot the Cross < '!<•!•■!?.
•* i ? was awarded yesterday thcH
o» honor of representing MissutnH
V Dolores parish in the district oompeti-M
.' tion for a silver medal, to be hcidH
,* next month, his essay on "The Moralß
V and Physical Effects of the Cigarottoß
r . Upon the Youth of America" !>*>lnj;H
* 4 deemed by the judges to be the mostM
• a » worthy.
<, The annual rally and contest of thcHJ
'»* Mission Dolores branch of the riruanl-BJ
r * zation wan he lin Mission Parlor Flail.
•* Seventeenth and Valencia ntrfty.H
'• There was a large attendance. ThcH
4 efforts of the young men who particl-H
'*' pated In the contest were greatly ap-H
*« predated by the audience, which ap I
•' plauded every strong point made hyH
'« the essayists tins) the cigarette.
V President Dorn of the league ralledH
'•* th" meeting to order by calling forH
* the singing of the "Veni Creator." A *H
V the conclusion of the hymn Mr. i>or>iH
'•*! explained the reason for the ni"<'tinprH
V and iatrbduced as contestants PrivatesH
«* Albert McGill. Vincent Finnigan, V>'il-HJ
v Ham "Wyand and Joseph lllekey. Th<?H
.' young men drew for position and th<>H
♦ contest was on. Each essayist toldH.
•* of the dangers of cigarette smoking and appealed to the young men of the
t \ city to forego the habit. A great deal of nervousness was shown by the
A * young ir.cn as it was their initial appearance in public. After listening to the
:tj various essays. Judges Hon. Thomas F. Dunn, Edward Banning and *>iiß9
$# Julia ' ' ffey decided In Private Wyand's favor.
5 The reading of the papers were interspersed with music and remarks.
V Rev. Father J. M. Clearjr, president of the Catholic Total Abstinence Union
i» and chaplain of the Minnesota Regiment on the staff of Governor L«lnd, and
♦ Rev. Father Joseph Con way delivered addresses. The following musical pro-
grainmo was rendered: Overture by League of the Cross orchestra, under
*, leadership, of Mr. Newberger; humorous songs by Sergeant Thomas Mahoney;
V vocal folo by Private George Keane, accompanied by Miss Daisy Keane; violin
<■♦ solo, with piano accompaniment, by Miss Rose and Julia Manning: songs by
V J. C. O'Donnell, and bugle calls by Willie Kane, mascot of the Bugle Corps.
«k* Miss Josie McAleer acompanied the singing of "America," "Venl Creator"
,1 and the "Te Dcum," on the piano.
V company L, in full uniform In command of Captain Frank J. Monohan,
'* was seated In a prominent position in the hall. Major McGloln, Lieutenants
V Kelly and Sullivan and a number of officers and privates of the First Call
.• fornia Volunteers occupied seats on the platform.
Sporting Scents from All Over the World.
just before the finals. The sport was ex
cellent during the day, owing to the flne
condition of both the hares and the
hounds. I.ily of the West was In good
trim, and remained In the stake until the
lifth round, when she met defeat at t lie
heels of Mamie Pleasant. The favorites
wero the most fortunate in securing the
winning Hags, but a few short-enders
happened along to keep the betting pub
lic in good nature. The results of the day
were a. 1 * follows:
Open stake, first round— P. M. Clarkson's
Black Hawk beat J. B. Kavunagh's Ski;
Council Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat Handy ft
Smith's Free and Easy; Lowe & Thompson's
Jessamy beat J. Jones' Lady Van; Curtis &
Hon's McKinley beat W. C. Glasson's Joy Bells;
Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat J. Byrnes' Eleven
Spot; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat D.
Shannon's Safeguard; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
I .(-at Connell Bros.' Benorita; I). J. Healy'e
Maggie M beat T. J. m Bach's Maid of the
Mill: Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat George Bur
i felnd'a Pastime; T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee
I beat Curtis A Son's Cash: D. J. Ilealy's Rusty
Gold beat Moran & O'Nell's Irene H; Handy
,v Smith's Twin City Girl beat Lowe & Thump
son's St. Oran; J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
beat D. Ford's Bonita; K. D. Fallon's Lily
of the West beat W. Aiken"« Melba; H. A.
elman'a Glen Chloe beat James O'Don
nell'a Las Palmas; H. A. Deekelman's Fly
Away beat T. .7. Mcllugh's Empress: K.
Parson's Merry Maiden beat W. 11 Jones'
' Prince Jerome; T. Farming's Babe Murphy b<>at
A. Weber's Montana; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Daisy Clalr beat J. Keenan's Royal Oak; T.
Klley'a Wildwood beat J. H. Rounlnß's Kerry
Gow; Connell Bros.' St. Helen beat A. Ohrrcy
i er'B Occidental: E. M. Kellogg' a Lady Gil more
I bent F. Brown" Sweet Brior.
i Second round— Mamie Pleasant beat Black
1 Hawk; Jessamy beat McKlnley; Lob Boy beat
| Prince Hal; Tod Sloan beat Maggie M; Cay-
I alier beat Rose of Tralee; Twin City Girl beat
' Rusty Gold; Lily of the West beat Morning
Glory; Glen Chloe beat Merry Maid; Fly Away
A Few Scenes at Schuetzen Park That Caught thetye of a Call Artist.
beat Babe Murphy; Daisy flair beat Wild
wood; Lady Oilmore beat St. Helen.
Third round— Pleasant beat Je?samy;
Log Boy beat Tod Sloan; Twin City Girl beat
Cavalier; Lily of the West beat Glen Chloe;
Daisy Clalr beat Fly Away; Lady Gilmore,
a bye.
Fourth round — Mamie Pleasant beat Twin
> City Girl; Lily of the "West beat Log Boy;
Daisy Clair beat Lady Glim
Fifth round — Mamie Pleasant beat Lily of
the West: Daisy Clalr. a by*.
Final — Mamie Pleasant was awarded first
money on account of Daisy Clalr being with
drawn. . ■
| Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a |:
marvel of beautiful illustrations \;
— its half-tone work being es- &
pecially fine.
WILLIAM WYAND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 18, 1899.
McLAUGHLIN
THREE TIMES
RIFLE "KING"
Scores Made on the First Day
of the California Schuetzen
Club's Annual Shoot.
D. W. MeLaughlin is a thrice crowned
"king." By the Blender margin of ono
point gained in 200 shots, the veteran
marksman proved his superiority over all
| opponents at Schuetzen Park yesterday,
! and for another year will be looked upon
j as the "biggest gun" of them all.
I So closely was Mclaughlin crowded for
the honors of "kingship" by A. Strecker
that it took the official count to determine
I who was entitled to the position, while
! F. E. Mason was only two points In the
rear of Strecker. Friends of the latter
declare that "if visions of sausage and
sauerkraut had not disturbed the
serenity of his mind" there would to-day
be a new king in rifle land, while the
partisans of John Utschlg, whoso rifle
harked to the tune of fourth, was handi
capped by the nervousness resulting from
controlling a desire to slaughter a car
toonist.
Although the first day of thr fall prize
shooting of the California Schuetzen CUib
is past, the prizes for the members' coji-
tost, the prize judge contest and the preps
Bhoot will not occur until to-day. The
bullseye shooting was finished and a com
plete list of scores made out.
Twenty-five cash prizes will l>e awarded
for th>' most points and twenty-five for
the best centers. Jn premium.-' for fla^s
$500 is to he awarded, while Jewelry, bH
verware and a number of other articles
aggregating (1000 in value will he district
uted to winners on the honorary targets.
On the point targets the twelve-inch black
lias been divided into three points, the
markers showing a white flag for one
point, a blue for two and a red for three.
Prizes on the honorary target were won
. yesterday by the following: John Meyer,
72: Chris Meyer, 70; C. J. Walden, 67; ;«..
Rahwyler, 67; C. M. Henderson, 65; J.
Straub, 64; J. Jones, 64.
The following were the bullseye scores
measured and oooked at a late hour last
evening:
A. Jungblut, 93; N. Ehrens, 105; F. P.
Schuster, 119; R. Langer, 141; C. J. Wal-
I den, 145; C. Meyer, 154; J. Jones, 173; E.
I.add 191, R. Funking, 199; I. Thierbach,
167; t>. B. Faktor, 171: J. McMillan.
F. Belknap, 2SO; A. Breuss, 295; A. BtreCK
er, 29*1; O. Bremer, 817; A. Gehret. 233; F.
K. Mason, 351; J. rtschig, 327. D, W. Mc-
Laughlln, 3M; J. Straub, 38o; A. yon Wyll.
305; Captain Ottinger. 529; C. D. I,add, o61;
J. Schleutter, 570; L. C. Babin, ;V75.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Annual Shoot of the Norddeutscher
Scheutzen Club.
The principal event at Shell Mound
ranges yesterday was the annual prizo
shot of the Norddeutscher Schuetzen
Club. A large number of marksmen ex
hibited their skill in the endeavor to *ln
valuable prizes donated by friends of the
organization. The prises offered were s..
numerous that every contestant will lie
rewarded at the distribution, which will
take place to-morrow evening at New Cal
ifornia Hall, (520 Bush street.
Henry Stelilns will have the choice of
prizes, be having made the top Kcoro of
68 out of a possible 75 in three shots. The
scores in deta.il are as follows:-
Company A. Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. in
monthly practice shoot scored as follows:
Henry Stelllng 68, L. A. Ritzau 64, Henry
Burfeind 02. A. Mocker 61, W. Glindemann
59 D. Schinkel 67, George Alpers 56, F. Rust
CO W. T. Gairns 66. George Schulz 55, L. Thier
bach 66, T. Koch 84, H. Munster 63. 11. Sal-
Mid 53, A. Hagedorn 53, John Gefken 53,
T Rathjens 53, John Woebcke 53, W. Gott
»ehalk 62, Henry Meyer .'2, H. Helbers 51.
John Tluilp 51. John I >. Heise 51, J. H. Schroe
'■ der 48. William Marken 48, Otto Schlnket 47,
i Otto Lemcke 47, Captain L. Blebe 47. Albert
Meyer 46. A. Hohmann 46, D. yon der Mehden
4G, George Prln 45, T. Kaufmann 44, Lieuten
ant H. Hubcr 44, J. de Wit 44, John Peters
i 44 T. Tho«]p 42, .1. I^ankenau 41, A. T. Meyer
41 G. yon dor Mehden 38, E. Ipsen 32, E. Stehn
1 27, V. Graverinann 22, William Fallner 18. C. J.
: Mink 14.
j Company F, Fifth Infantry. N. G. C, In
monthly practice shoot, scored as fol
lows:
J. "B. Richards 43, Lieutenant W. H. Cobble
| dick 43, Captain C. L. B. Wenk 41. D. J. Stew
i art 38, S. J. Grimes 38. W. Nordlund 38, L. B.
! Darling 37, A. D. Wilson 36. H. Parsons 36,
A. F. Flck 35, L. R. Keller 34. T. C. Hamble
ton 31. O. C. Hanson 32. 11. U. Bray 31, H. T.
Benhett 30. E. M. Felton 31, Phil Green 29.
P. Johansen 26, K. B. Felton 21, T. Parsons
21. M. U. Halloran 16, J. Baumgrarten 16. A. E.
I Hnrbridge 15. _
Columbia Club Shoot.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
a fine contest yesterday. Some pood scores
were made, F. O. YounK coming within
one point of the world's record with the
rifle at 200 yards, making the score of 36.
The scores made are as follows:
Gllndemann rifle medal— F. O. Younff,
36, 42, 50, 52. 57, 58. 60; G. Manuel, 80, 95,
102; F. S. Washburn, 83, 95; F. L. Pape,
129. 15«.
Slebe pistol medal— F. O. Younp. 35, 44,
51 52 : C. M. Dalss, 64; J. P. Cosgrave, 71.
Record scores, pistol— C. M. Dalss, 44,
54, 55; G. Barley, 51; J. P. Cosgrave, 55,
-58, 60; P. Becker, 54. 60, 64; Young, SS;
George Hoadley, 80; G. Manuel, 82; F. S.
Washburn, 99. „
Small rifle— G. Manuel, 26; Dr. Twist, 37;
G. Hoadley ,_4s.
ON OAKLAND GOLF LINKS.
Fourteen Players Qualify for the
Tournament for the Cap
tain's Cup.
Semi-annually a tournament at eighteen
holes, medal play, is held on the Oakland
golf links for a trophy called the Cap
tain's cup. Before the competition Itself
takes place, intending players must qual
ify by making scores of 50 or better over
the "short course," or 56 or better over th' N
"long course."
Fourteen players recently cjunHflr«d ac
cording to these conditions, and are en
titled to play in the tournament. The
name and score of the winner will be
engraved on the cup, which does not pass
out of the possession of the club. The
tournament was originally scheduled for
the 9th inst., but on that date the un
finished competition for the McDonald cup
■,vas going on, and on Saturday la«t the
continued Illness of Orestes Pierce, cap
tain of the club and, donor of the trophy,
caused It to be again deferred. This is
the third competition for the cup, which
already has two winners' names Inscrib
ed upon II E. K. Folger, who won on No
vember is, 1898, with a score of 90, and C.
P. HuMianl. who was victorious In the
tournament of May SI, 1899, with a score
of r»4. The record score for eighteen holes
on the Oakland links among members .s
M. being 41 for the short course, and 43
for the long course. This was made
bj l - P. Hubbard.
On Saturday the ladies of the Oakland
Club had an approaching and putting
! <■• mpetltion. In the former approach
shuts were made at distances of 25, 60 and
75 yards from the center of the home
green. The approaching Competition was
won l>y Mrs. P. E. Bowles, and the put
ting contest by Miss Belle Mhoon. In the
absence of Captain Orestes Pierce, Vice-
Captain P. K. Bowles took charge of the
competition. The winners will receive
silver medals as mementos of their skill.
The following entries have already b€'en
made for the Men's Foursomes, with
handicap, match play, set down on the
schedule for Saturday, the 23d lnst.: C. O.
G. Miller. A. S. McDonald, J. C. McKee,
C. P. Hubbard, George S. Wheaton,
Thomas Rlckard, E. R. Folger. W. P.
Johnson, I*. K. Bowles and H. H. Smith.
BOXER GEORGE GREEN
LEAVES FOR DENVER
George Greon. the clever welter-weight
boxer, left fur Denver last night to place
himself in readiness to meet the winner of
the Purtell-Goft fight, which is to be heM
the latter port of this month. Green re
ceived a personal message from "Bat"
Maaterson to start immediately for the
battleground, nrs he desired him to referee
a number of bouts to be held during the
boxing carnival and also prepare himself
for a contest.
Since his defeat at the hands of the
Californlan, Ooff has been more thnn
anxious for a return match in the hope
of retrieving his lost laurels. Green has
always been willing to accommodate the
lanky protege of Billy Madden and if
<i"ff is Bilccessful in his light with Pur
tell a match will be made immediately and
be held before Masterson's Club. Green
said yesterday that he was confident of
"doing the trick" in less time than he
took nt. Woodward's Pavilion.
MANSFIELD LEADS ALL
THE FLY-CASTERS
The twelfth cnnfppt of tho Feasoti of the
San Francisco Fly Casting Club was held
yesterday at Stow Lake. President
Walter D. Mansfield was in the three
events; those of distance, delicacy and ac
curacy combined, and also In delicacy.
Kaight and Everett tied in the contest
for nccuracj*. The official score follows:
Wheelman Injured.
Charles Bowers, one of the bicycle riders
In yesterday's half-mile race at Glen
Park, had his nose broken by a fall from
his wheel. While trying to dodge a man
crossing the track during the progress of
the race. Bowers twisted his wheel and
was thrown violently to the ground.
DUDES TAKE
TWO GAMES
FROM LOCALS
A Fistic Aftermath Resulted
From the Morning;
Game.
Onkland 3, San Francisco O.
Wlth thrir consciences all twisted for
having given their I'ncle so much heart
pain, the locals went to their own funeral
yesterday afternoon and Hank Harris
walked slowly behind. It was a mighty
crowd that saw the tail-enders rub
prickly defeat into the skins of San Fran
cisco's diamond artists— next to the larg
est Of the season md that is what made
the medicine more bitter.
Sau Francisco went the full nine in
nings without worrying the boy on the |
score-board. The Dudes were not
so kind, however. They opened his
eyes at the end of the fifth, when two
clangs caused wild excitement in the
Oakland bleachers and in the bar b*>low. |
Oakland had cracked the ice. unraveled |
some of the knots of Fireman Fitz's de
livery and sot the anxious crowd into a j
flutter of emotion. The fifth inning, at
least Oakland's part of it, wan just the j
kind of ball the Sunday enthusiasts crave.
From the first to the fifth the game
belonged to the pitchers, Fltzpatrlck and
Michael Angelo Steffani. There was an
occasional hit and some pretty fielding,
bu( none of the Interest which comes
from filled bases and long drives at ex- !
pectant moments.
Lange started the fun in the fifth With
a hit to left. Sthmeer took up the stick
after him and tipped the ball along the
line from third to home. Swindells,
Riley and Fltzpatrlck were after it, but ,
they waited for the ball to roll foul which '
it did hot and Bchmeer was safe, while
Lange went to Becond. Moskiman jogged
to first on four bad ones, all bags being
then mounted. Michael Augelo Steffani
was then called into action and he i
whispered to the ball in Greek. This had
the effect of placing a hot grounder in
Riley's hands and Lange was frozen out
of the game. Hutchlnson with an evil ■
eye smote the spheroid to Sullivan, who
Juggled, allowing Schmeer to score, Hutch i
taking first in safety. Hammond wanted
to make himself famous by knocking out ;
a homer, but he went out on a foul to |
Sullivan far over by the fence. "Flash- i
light" Hardie received four balls and this
forced Moskiman over the plate. The
agony was ended when Franks hit to
Kiley, who threw him out at first.
In the sixth Lange scored on a hit to |
center which gave him first base, a steal
placed him at the middle station, a sacri
fice of Schmeer's advanced him to the
third bag and a hit by Moskiman sent
him over the rubber. This made the third j
run for the Dudes and there they stopped.
Several times during the game the locals
acted as if they were about to score, but
that was th. net result of their labors.
Hits were few and scattered; errors for
the Dudes there were none, but a quar
tet blackens the last column of the
Wasps' score. In the fifth inning a man
by the name of I. Hockey sitting in a
box was caught between the eyes by a
foul and his face is now in mourning.
Score:
RAN Fi:AX< Mi-'. '. >.
AB. H. BH. SB. }'<>. A. E.
Brorkhoff, s«. s 4 0 1 0 2 3 1
Mllrlerbran.lt, rf .... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Krufr. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Sullivan. Hi 3 0 2 0 11 2 1
Courtney, if 4 0 0 0 10 0
Swindells, c 3 0 10 3 2 0
Hlley. 3b 3 0 'I 1 1 2 1
l'yne. cf 3 0 0 0 2 10
Fltzpatrlck, p 8 0 10 13 0
Totals 31 0 5 1 24 16 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. 811. SB. li >. A. E.
i Hutchlnpon. lb 4 0 0 0 8 10
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
| Hurdle, rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Franks, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
I I'unlenvy. cf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
j Lange, 3b 4 12 12 10
I Schmeer, s. c 4 12 0 4 5 0
MOkiman, If 2 110 6 0 0
Steftanl, p 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
Totals 32 3 7 1 27 12 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Han Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 1 l 0 1 0 0 1 I—s
Oakland 00002100 •— 3
Base hits 00202300 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Fitzpntrick. Two-base
hit— Steffani. First base on Oakland
4. First base on called balls — San Francisco
2. Oakland 2. Left on bases— San Francisco
6. Oakland 7. Struck out— By Fitzpatrlck 1,
by Steffani 2. Double play— Schmeer to Franks
to Hutchlnson. Time of game — One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire— R. Levy. Official
scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 6, San Francisco 2.
There is no love in the heart of the Dude
for the wearers of the yellow and black
uniforms. Uncle Harris knows this too
well, and the very next time he sends his
men into the cyclonic rush of an Oakland
crowd he will arm them with several
kinds of steel plating. All this is due to
the aftermath of the morning game, in
which the Brummols made the best of the
eighth inning and piled up a heap of foui
runs when two men had been presented
with tombstones. That Is why there is
no joy on Stockton street.
The game promised to be a duplicate of
the Saturday afternoon contest until the
eventful eighth, when Iberg's undiscover-
I ables were found by a section of Dudes,
and then fireworks that rivaled the Bel
redere night in Venice, were shot all over
the urban ball tossers. San Francisco had
.scored two runs in the sixth. Oakland one
in the same inning and another in the fol
lowing, tying the score in a manner that
persuaded Cal Ewlng that he was still
alive. The Wasps came to the hat in the
eighth with a goodly array of stick talent,
but three outs without a run and only a
single hit was all they got. Then it was
the time fur Oakland to throw the calcium
upon itself and it was most successful.
Five hits and four runs was their portion.
A hit by Hammond that wont through
Ih^rg's hands gave Mr. Borchers, the
model, the opportunity to score and he
started the game of runs. Altogether,
fourteen hits came from Iberg's delivery.
The fun did not stop with the game.
After the players had gone to their dress
■ B I wKm rV^ nfix KTw&i In laPlHl ffn fi^^M \ \ /^ ' &%r^ '
.Of the McLaughlln Electro-Treatment is shown by the throngs of people who Tiff '^L\\\
besiege the offices to get it. Curative Electricity by \T« j r 'f'' T \T x
DR. 3^Ol-;j^XJC3-HILiIiT'S METHOD W#^^k \
Is no longer experimental; it is an assured remedy and surpasses anything vfi;" ' gs£^^'B^^
ever tried for disease. The demand for this treatment shows its merits. r "°Tif«iii' /
The reports of these cures prove its virtue. The cure is lasting and thorough, I. \'il^ // SS/ /
natural and satisfying. What can be more complete? Every one who inves- /' V! v l i&W /
tlgates this remedy wants it. Hear what the people say;, note their recovery ///' ' V \ >I, /
and their grateful words. Write them if you wish; their letters are real /'/..; \\~Z, i\^T
The secret of this remedy is its sympathy with the magnetism of the body— ■ f i \W,A^ kS
"that vital flame of life. \l I i **V\ Ji
Why is your system run down, your nerves weak or in pain? Because K*S.\ \j^Z& A/\
your electricity is lowered. Increase this and your pain is gone, your weak- ' ) Vjpn'T^p***,*'.-
ness annihilated; you are changed to the man that nature meant you to be. l^AV^^^C^
My Belt Battery is applied specially as each case requires, and without blis- > f fit 'xPS&Qj,
tering the skin by metal disks, as in common belts. I invite you to see my /' "A VK\,5Tt" x'
newly improved Belt or send for my book, handsomely illustrated, on this / '.1 alinF^^l
subject. It is mailed free and is valuable to man and woman. Ij•HI " ' \| \\
Dr. MA. McLaughlin-Dear Sir: Since usTng^your liect a r"c%eH Thav^'ad^^many / !< 1 fl\ I \
£J*,~ C yj e J" r i ]^n ago - 1 8? a VL£ nnVI * etc " from a " ot whlch x ha<l suffered ■■ E>i \
? h«n Tn,..T a^ i V h Pt occasionally, as it invigorates and benefits me. W\ I
ii ?ilfi«r tn th?rh «Iff?r»^ m v proVlde them * ely with the Belt as a remedy for I , ffl Jl B ■ I I
ills similar to which I suffered from, \ours very truly, A. C HAMMOND I ffll v H • ! i \
DR. M. A M C LAUGHL 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, s. F. 1 Bi^ I J
\!!r- « o T^f^ n UI7LliV P Bnrdick Block. O.r. Spring and Id. to. Angtl... \\\ ■1" j| \^ \V
: Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
ing rooms Hilderbrandt and Dunleavy col
lided and Hilderbrandfs face was bruised.
Dunleavy says Hilderbrandt said that he
was something far different from a gen
tleman and this aroused the angry pas
sions of the former to such a degree tnat
his fist shot out.
The other episode, not included In the
game was a quarrel between Sullivan of
San Francisco and an Oakland rooter
who annoyed him all through the game.
On the boat Sullivan met the noisy man
and there was some fist work. Hank Har
ris and Cal Ewing charge all these con
tretemps to the hydrophobic weather and
In order to prevent future displays of
wrath have agreed upon a tabulated sys
tem of fines.
The score of the game is:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 5 1 3 2 11 0 0
Hammond, c 5 1 ? 3 2 0 0
Hnrdl» r f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Franks. 2b 4 0 10 3 3 0
Dunleavy. rf 4 1 1 1 ° 1 0
I>ange. 3b * 0 0 0 0 3 0
Pchmeer, p. 1 s 4 0 1 0 1 3 1
Jlosklman. if 4 1 1 1 4 0 0
.Borchers, P 4 - 3 j _^ j J
Totals 3S 6 14 7 27 11 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Broekhoff. s. » 4 0 112 2 1
Hilderbrandt, rf .... 4 1110 0 0
KrUK, 2b 4 110 4 10
Sullivan, lb 4 0 0 0 10 1 0
Courtney, If 4 0 0 0 10 0
Swindells, c 4 0 2 110 0
Rlle.v, 3b 4 0 10 0 5 1
Pyne, cf 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Iberg. p 3 0 2. - 2'— —
Total 35 2 7 3 24 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ran Francisco 0 00*02000—2
Base hits 0 01002211—7
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 114 •— 6
Base hits 11112126 •— l4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 2, Iberg 5.
Home Krucr. Three-base hit— Dunleavy.
Two-base hits— Schmeer, ' Riley. Hutchinson.
Hardie. First base on errors— Oakland 2. San
Francisco 2. First base on called balls—Oak
land. Left on Oakland 8, San Francisco
6. Struck out— By Borchers 1. Double plays—
Dunleavy to Hammond; Iberg to Sullivan.
Wild pitch— Borchers. Time of game-Two
hours. Umpire— Rube Levy. Official scorer—
H. S. McFarlin.
Santa Cruz Wins Twice.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— The Santa
Cruz baseball people sadly interfered with
Sacramento's winning streak to-day, tak
ing both games. The morning game was
tedious and slow, two and a half hours
being consumed in settling the trouble.
Harvey was taken ill after the first inning
and Doyle was put in both that and the
afternoon game. The afternoon game was
bright and snappy. Whalen was ill for
the first four innings, but recovered be
fore the end and proved a puzzle for the
locals. Score first game:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. f 6 10 1110
Harvey, p 0 1 0 0 0 0 0
O'Connor, 1 b 4 10 3 8 0 2
Eajran. s. » 5 12 0 4 3 1
Stanley, c 4 1 2 1 14 3 0
Doyle, r. f. & p 5 0 2 0 0 0 0
Hhnnahan, c. £ 5 0 10 2 0 0
Stulz 2 b 5 0 0 0 0 2 1
Sheehan, 3 b :.. 4 0 10 0 0 0
Dennie, r. 1 4 0 1 0 0 0 J>
Totals 42 5 9 5 »29 9 4
•Two out when winning run was scored.
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2 b 4 10 0 3 7 0
Babbit, s. s 4 0 2 12 3 2
Devereaux, 3 b 5 0 0 0 3 2 0
Drennan, c. i 5 12 2 2 0 0
Clark, 1 b 4 3 2 0 12 0 1
Dalryrople. 1. 1 4 1113 0 1
Bates, r. 1 4 0 10 10 1
Morrow, c 2 0 0 0 4 11
Andrews, p 5 0 2 0 0 0 J)
Totals 37 "s 10 4 30 13 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 10 2 10 0 0 o—s
BaM hits ..1 02130100 I—9
Santa Cruz 1 03010000 I—6
Base hits 0 1411210 o—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 3, Andrews 3.
Three-base hits— Clark, Doyle. Two-base hit—
Eagan Sacrifice hit— Babbit. First base on
errors— Sacramento 5, Santa Cruz 4. First base
on balls— Off 'Harvey 1, off Doyle 4, off An
drews 3. Left on bases— Sacramento 10, Santa
Cruz 6. Struck out— By Harvey 1. by Doyle '.',
by Andrews 3. Hit by OConner.
Passed ball Morrow. Wild pitches— Harvey,
Doyle. Time of game— 2 hours and 30 minutes.
Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer— Griffin.
The detailed score of the afternon game
is as follows:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. f*B. PO. A. K.
McLauphlin, If 4 0 1110 0
O'Connor, ib 5 1 1 1 12 0 0 I
EaKan s. ? 5 112 2 10
Stanley, c 4 12 14 2 0,
Doyle, p 5 0 X 0 0 7 0 i
Hlinnahnn, cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Stulz 2b 3 0 0 0 0 0 2
Sheeh'an, 3b 3 0 2 1111
Dennle, rf 3 0 1 0 1 1 0 :
Totals 36 3 9 6 24 12 I
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2b 3 12 0 4 2 0
Rabbit, a s 3 2 2 0 0 0 3
Devereaux, 3b 3 2 n 1 3 1 1
Drennan. cf 3 0 0 0 110
Clark, lb 4 0 1 0 ]0 0 0
Dalrymple, If 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
JSalsz. rf 8 0 0 0 1 0 0
Morrow, c 4 0 2 0 5 0 0
Wbalen, p 4 10 0 14 0
Totals 31 6 7 1 27 8 4
RVNS AND HITS &T INNINGS.
Sacramento 00300000 O— J
Rase hits 10 3 1110 1 I—B
Santa Cruz 10 2 10 0 2 0 •— 6
Base hits 11110 0 2 1 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 2. Whnlen 1.
Two-base hits— Babbit, Clark. Sacrifice hits—
Babbit Dennle. First base on errors—Sacra
mpnto 4 Santa Cms 3. First base on called
balls'— Off Doyle S, off Whalen 2. Left on
b&Mfr— Sacramento in. Santa Cruz 6. Struck
out— By Poyle 2, by Whalen 5. Hit by pitcher
— Deverenux. Double plays— Doyle to Stanley
to O'Connor; Williams to Clark; Dennle to
O'Connor. Wild pitch— Whalen. Time of
came— One hour and fifty minutes. Umpire —
O'Connell. Official scorer— Griffin.
Fell Under the Wheels.
Jrmrph Dewey, a brakemnn employed by
the Southprn Pacific, fell from a car lasi
night while switching at Fourth and
Tnwnsend streets. His left foot was
crushed by the wheels and he was at once
removed to the company's hospital where
the Injured member was amputated.
<Sast
ASPIRES TO
BE CHAMPION
LIGHTWEIGHT
Boxer "Kid" Paiker cf Den
ver Ambitious to Meet
Erne for the Honor.
"Kid"' Parker of Denver la pronounced
as a possibility for the world's chant]
ship in the lightweight class for boxers.
He has been busy in Colorado for months
meeting a lons string of men, and has
defeated all of them. He won from
"Jack" Carrtg twice, the first time in
eighteen rounds and again In six. He
stopped the gallop of "Billy" Otts, for
merly of this city, first In five rounds and
some weeks later in nine. He Is anxious
to meet •'Jimmy" Lawler, allowing him
to weigh 136 pounds. Parker fights
pounds in Denver. !!• Is one of a num
ber seeking a meeting with Frank Erne,
the champion.
Thomas Shark, y has wired Tim
Grath to join him in New foris and :iirt
in fitting him for his forthcoming meeting
with Jeffries for the heavy-weight boxing
championship. McGrath has been with
Sharkey in all his important rt:
ments. He Is a clever trainer and second.
Beyond this he is invaluable as an anti-
"KID" PARKER OF DENVER
dote for the blues. Wherever Tim Is,
there Jollity reigns, and his bubbling wit
is expected to hol;> banish from Shark
mind any unpleasant thoughts of his
meeting? with Jeffries.
WHEELMEN RIDE A
CENTURY IN FAST TIME
The fifth annual "century, or nun
mile run. of Olympic Club wheelmen
was held' yesterday. The riders fol
lowed the route of the annual relay race,
to San Jose and thence to the tin:
Alr.meda. The start was made fron
City Hall at BrOS o'clock yesterday morn
ing. Ten dust-covered riders fli
th^ir self-imposed task at 12:25 p. m.
Each of Iho riders will receive a gold
bar, to be affixed to his "century" m
for covering the distance in less than
seven hours and thirty minutes. The
successful oiks are: Second Lieutenant
George Kroetx, T. H. Whit< . L. Living
ston. William Mackie. E. O. Kragness, H.
D. Bean, I-. H. Smith. Edward McNess,
W. L. Jackson and W. Davis.
Con Bailey sustained two punctured
tires en route hut finished at 1:15 p. m.,
covering the distance in eight hours and
ten minutes. L. Myers and F. Hoffman
each met with mishaps and retired.
NORDDEUTSCHER OUTING
Members and Friends Have a Merry
Time at Shell Mound.
Members of the Nnrddeutsoher Yerein
■ and their friends gathered yesterday at
i Shell Mound Park and a general good
| time was the result.
Dancing was an interesting feature of
j the day, while bowling for cash prizes
: came in for a large share of attention.
I The raffle committee was kept busy In
awarding articles of a varied character to
the lucky winners.
The Norddeutscher Verefal has (2~> mem
bers on its roll, its treasury showing .1
! cash balance of $30,000. It will celebrate
: the twenty-fifth year of its existence on
, Sunday, November .*..
Th»- committees that, hail yesterday's af
fair in charge wore:
Committee of arrangements — Hy. Meyer,
chairman; C-. Schroeder, secretary: John
Schleemann, treasurer; Henry G
Charles W. Arp.
Flour manager, August Kruncke; assist
ant floor manager, F. Goos.
Floor Committee— F. Thode, L. Andre
, sen. "William tilindemann.
Bowling Committee— H. Thode. F. H tef
: inghoff, H. Behlmer. August Mey< r.
Rafili- Committee— G. Alpers, J. Sahl, TI.
I Lunsmann, H. Miesner, I£. Ipsen, O. \"n
Borstel.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
EAST OAKLAND
COLLISION IS
BLAMED TO FOG
Two Locomotives in
the Hospital.
u*kland Office =aa Francisco Call,
_ 30S Broadway, Sept. IT.
southern Pacific employes blame the fag!
tax tea collision at East Oakland station
rariy this =orti=g. Nothing else can ac
:cunt for the fact that two engines badly
amassed ar » in the yards, that Engineer
-•.amrnend is at his home nursing his In
::nes and rejoicing that he is still alive
anu that Fireman Brass a ia Injured !
internally. v IC - ur<M ,
i-ne whoJe affair Is to t>« lnv e etiga*ed
Y^-w^T- moraia *- w a«= Superintendent
t"-f '•-« a: V ,^IT- th J cr " W3 of two I
t.i.^s a^d decide who ia to blame for th
a.x-ident. that Is, perhaps, one of the luckl
ll? **, lr - — * tistory of tae ruad.
.. lc * cciiision took piace between the 1
Aiameda bread gauge local and a special
t.,at wxd made necessary by the late ar
. .■. ai o. an overland train. No 2 came in
tp_ the pier last night some hours late.
-he last seventh street local had yon* I
ana tner- were some overland passengers i
who wanted to reach Oakland and Fruit
% aie. A. special was made up and started
out. There was a very thick fcg. and to
use me language of one of vie crew, "it
wouid nave o<?en impossible to have seen
the pilot had there b^en an electric light !
on It. The special plowed through the !
leg safely till it reached Brooklyn, where
it crashed into the Alameda local, that
was runnln? into the depot, where it re
mains all n-ght.
lhe Ajameda train had Just entered th^
switch, and the two engines collided at an |
angle that almost made a head-on coi- 1
lison. The tender of the special plowed ;
into the cab and upper works of the iocal !
and a view of the engine as it reached the j
yards makes it appear miraculous that
H.immond and Bris3well are alive to tell
th*ir storips at the investigation to-mor
row.
Had the special be«?n one car's length
farther ah-»ad the engine of the locomo
tive would have crashed into the passer.
--g-°rs. As it wa3. th-=y all escaped with
a snaieup and a fright.
Fortunately, the track reread out. and
the forc:e of the collision was considerably <
UNION SERVICES OF
BAPTIST CHURCHES
The second day J s celebration of the fif
tieth anniversary of the First Baptist
Church drew yesterday large audiences,
both in the morning and afternoon. It
la the first time in many years that th<s
various Baptist churches have joined . ■-
gether In one edince and last evening the
services were of a highly interesting
character on that account.
In the Eonurg the exercises consisted
of an>4>rgaß prelude by Organist H. K.
Mitchell; prayer and response by the
quartet. Messrs. TVilliarns. Marcuda.
Crane and McCorrle; soprano solo by ili^s
Fanny L. Deimy. The anniversary s«r
nos was delivered by Pastor E. A. Wood?.
In the evening the union services of the
Baptist churches attracttfd the larsest
congregation of the celebration. Ad
dresses were delivered bygvartous clergy
men on the progress of th<Hr work in their
respective pastorates and a musieai pro
gramme had been specially prepared for
the occasion: M!ss Nellie Shipley played a
cornet «oio at the offertory; 11. Williams
sang the hymn. "Ninety and Nine," ani
Mrs. Gallahorn *ang a solo.
The first address or the evening was de
livered by Rev. Robert WbtttaJcer. who
spoke for Brother Duncan, a colored Bap
tist! who organized a church in this city
In 1552. He was followed by R^v. Charles
Paina of the Swedish Baptist church, who
has labored zealously among the foreign
population. Rev. Henry A. Fisk spoke of
the Institutional Church on Hyde street
which he has organized.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins told of the splendid
results obtained by the individual
churches nnd was followed by Lee To. in
charse of the Chinese Baptist church. He
told of the establishment of the church
among his people in this city thirty years
ago. whereby thousands of his country
men had been brought into the faith.
■ I hope the time is not far distant,"'
saii he. "when China will be called a
Christian land and God will surely reward
you for your good work in our behalf."
PONTIUS PILATE AND
THE COURT AT RENNES
Rev. Wiliam Rader of the Third Conge
ra'ional Church delivered a sermon last
nizht on "Pontius Pilate in France." The
«"«?aker took Munkacsy's famous paint
ing of "Christ Before Pilate" and pointed
out the difference in character between
the Savior and the Roman ruler. 1- part
te said:
Pilate was unstable, vacillating and
untrue. He is rememberd in history
as on- 1 of the world's worst coco. K»
wa« also false to his convictions.
Portius Pi:ate has been in Rome, In
Paris Toulon and San Francisco. H*
is the dangero-us man of the world.
His spirit sat in judgment upon
Dreyfus. the Jew. at K-ennea. It waa
Pilate who broke his sword. It was
Piuite who disgraced him before the
world. But several things he did not
ac« among them the expres3:o-n of in
ternational sympathy which btad3 the
nations witS something more tangiole
than a steel 1 cable under the seaa.
That the world's *ense of justice
should be recovered in one moment
demonstrates the hold that righteous
ness has upon the human heart, it
would ixs a foolhardy move for any
country to boycott the Parts Exposi
tion or for President McKinley to take
official action In this matter. It is
sufficient that the waves of the
world* indignation break over the
armyiof France and the court at
Rennes. It must be remembered,
too that the nations stand by the Jew
not' because the man is a Jew. but be
<"iu«e the Jew fa a man. This outourst
of patriotic brotherho.M is an eloquent
assault upon race prejudice.
REV. DR. BANE'S
INITIAL SERMON
P.ev D" A. C. Bar who wm assigned
to the CaHMrrJa-str~*t Methodist Church
by the recent conference, preached fcoa
r fit; sermon tn his new pastorate yeater-
T^; *, ■ -"-Vi Dr. Bane has filled the pal
■- -
hs. He was
ie Pa
- ; 1W for S.ilK'i
■
mi"t-?*rV
Dr Bane took his text reßttriiT from
t >Z o-e Hundred and Eishteenth Psalm:
•*Oh. Lcrd. I beseech thee. send now pros
perity." lie said in part:
This was David's pray-r for the
crosperity of Zion- It was more than
a prayer. It waj a heart cry. The
work in which Christiana are engaged
is a divine work, and can only be ac
ccxnp'.L-hed by divine inean3. Looking
ut to God lifts our eyes above discour
aging environments and gives us sure
What is true "church prosperity? It
is no- a boom, - spasmodic growth
but rather a steady growth, a normal
advance. Large congregations are not
of themselves evidences of real pros
perity. In order to have prosperity we
must have spiritual life.
lerap^i-anc* and Taxation.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Rev. J. R. Kno
lell assistant superintendent of the Anti-
Sa'Gon Alliance, will speak in the Oak
and V 11. C A. Hall on Tuesday evening
>n "Single-Tax Is Fiscal Righteousness.'
iir Knodeil la a forcible and •ntertalnlng
f-eaker, and the Alameda County Slngle-
Tzx Sccietv Invites the general public to
ittend the lecture. A general discussion
rc-iii failo-w ths • idrea*.
broken by reason of the fact that the (
°' ow P as «e<l the lccGmotrves apart and :
they dragsed the tracks with them.
>ot a man on either train would say a!
wore to-lay. Superintendent Agler had
not received a report from Conductor
Buchanan, and knew nothing of til de
tails.
"I have summoned all the men on the
two trains to attend an investigation in
ay Office to-morrow morning," he said,
ana till then I cannot tell anything i
aoout the collision. There should certain- I
a have been a flag signal used, and un- j
lesa he saw sach a flag one or other of |
the engineers should not have been at the j
switch. I understand it was very foguy, :
and this might have been responsible for }
tn« accident, but I shall know everything
In the morning. Till then I cannot pass
my opinion on the affair."
ALLENDALE RESIDENTS
WANT STREET RAILWAY
OAKLAND, Sept. IT.— The Oakland |
Transit Company has been offered a j
bonus cf 51000 by the residents of Allen- j
dale to extend its line of street railway !
to that picturesque suburb. The railway ;
facilities to Allendaie are by no means of '
the best and an extension of the street j
railways company's Une would greatly en- i
nance the value of property there. Nego- j
tiations have been going on between tne
residents and the company for some time
and as a result several officials, of the
corporation have looked over ths ground. !
It la proposed to extend the line from j
Twenty-seventh street and Fruitvaie aye- i
nue to Nlchol street; thence aiong Nichol
street to Allendaie avenue; thence to tae
Laundry Farm road on Hisrh street.
•"Daddy Nolan" at tha Dewey.
■
• - .
this week. .
-
Obbe Jans Dead.
■
- -
V;:=--: _. Telephone Wirss
BERK. Sept. IT.— Within a few
veeks the Sunr^t Telephone Company will
jegin work leading to the flnai displace
nent of the overhead telephone r.-ire sys
:em, by placi - its wires underground.
Portions of the residence part of the town
ire to be changed first.
DR. E. B. LEAVITT FILLS
DR. STEBBINS PULPIT
Dr. E. Bradford Leavitt, pastor of All
Soul 3' Church. "Washington. D. C. filled
Dr. Stebbins' pulpit at the First Unitar
ian Church yesterday. Dr. L«*avitt. who
Is a graduate of Harvard and of the Har
vard Divinity School, is spending §Uhe
final week of his vacation in this city.
after an extensive European tour.
Although a very young man. Dr. Leav
itt has been remarkably successful in
the ministry. The congregation of Ail
Souls' Church at Washington numbers
among its members such nam.es as Sec
rectary of the Navy Long, Senator Hoar,
Captain "Bob" Evans. Admiral Walker
and Senator Perkins. R.ev. Mr. Leavitt
will remain on the coast but a short tin».
He will preach at the First Unitarian
Church again next Sunday.
His sermon yesterday was forcible and
eloquent. He spoke s in part, as follows:
Naaman wu a »?reat soldier, trie commander
of the armies of the King of Syria, a man of
Sne physique, of fine attainment.-* as a soldier,
honored by his Kin? and hl3 countrymen, hav
iny ail the blessings of fame, o* popularity, of
wealth that earth can give— but he wad a. leper.
At leni teaming of the pruphet r.i the Israel
ites, his Kin* sent him to the Kin? of Israel,
a a kin a that tie be cured of the leprosy. After
111 a cure by Eliaha and his acceptance of the
faith of the Israelites, he was troubled over
the outward semblance of devotion to the idols
of his Kin?, which he knows he must maintain.
Questioning the prophet aa to wr.at he should
do, Elijah answers. "Go thy way in peace."
This paj?an soldier of centuries aro stands out
brightly enough from th-> background of idola
ters cf petty customs xnd hatlt3 who awarTii
about us to-day. Just aa thocun one's reii
g'.ons !!f« wens a thin? R.i jareds and patches.
cf farms and formalities, anil penances and
abstinences, and serving one day and not
another, and reading one tiling at one time and
another at another— and not a life.
Let ua not triSe with our God; Ust us not de
ceive ourseiven aiiout tributes to Caesar and th»
rr*ater and >sser laws of morality and reli
gion. "T^ou »ha.lt love the Lord thy Uod with
ail thy heart and with all thy *oul and with
ail thy ni:ii," and after that no petty busi
ness of worship, no puzzle of right cr wron*
can disturb you. but always you shall "era in
peace." ____:■•. '.
HOW HAPPINESS
CAN BE GAINED
Jam«« H. GrtfTes lectured before the
rr.'.versal Brett erhood in the Academy of
Sciences Hall last evening on "Personal
Salvation." He said tft-re wa3 no such
Ch'ng as a salvation of self apart from
the salvation of the race and that the
cry of self for a personal happiness was
the apotheosis of selfishness and largely
responsible for the defection of so many
thoughtful n»n and women from the
•reeiis which have based their claim upon
the public to their power to bestow a
personal salvation as a thing apart from
the salvation of the race as a whole.
Continuing he said:
Happiness can only be obtained T>y
forgetting self, by losinj? self In un
•emsh effort for the whole. Modern
economic writers have foretold the
salvation and perpetuation of this
civilization because it possesses the
faculty of altruism, or unselfishness.
This is th« purpose of the Universal
Brotherhood and Thecsophieal Society.
To spread abroad the doctrine of al
truism and give tt an Intelligent and
_i.i'/, .-,nV!Mi haa!« f« Its mission.
The Pearl of Parables
Rev. E. N'elander of the Flr3t English
Lntheran Chw delivered a sermon last
night on "Th« Pearl of Parables." In
' part be said:
The story of the prodigal son con
tains a "plot" of surpassing interest. It
will never be superannuated. Inasmuch
aj it t« true to every age and iikelv to
occur »mon« all sorts and conditions
of men. The wayward youth or the
story cast aside all the old restrictions
of childhood and youth There are
few things more tragic than to hear
young men talking about "seeing life,
when It l» really death they are see
£}; When a man begins to speak
much or loudly about being free. It
means, as a rule, he 13 enslaving
himself.
THE SAX FEA>~CIS€O CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18. 1899.
BERKELEY WILL
SOON POSSESS A
NEW TOWN HALL
D. J. Tobin Seils a
Site to the City.
BERKELEY. Sept. 17.— much
vexed mutation of a new town ha . for
this city ia at last settled. The old
structure standing midway between East
and West Berkeley will soon be a thing of
the past. It ia far enough away from the
eastern and western portion of the town
to be not readily -accessible to either. The
new situation has at ieast the merits of a
good central location, and will stand not
far from the center of the business por
tion of the city.
The Board cf Trustees have been con
sidering the proposition for some time
past, but the worst ha 3 been carried on
by a committee and was not generally
known. That the decision * haa b*en
reached so auietiy will come as a surprise
even to those who knew that the negotia
tions were going on. The board disposed
of the matter at a special meeting held
in the old town hall la-st night.
Two sites were offered. One was a por
tion of the Snattuck estate on the west
side of Shaxtuck avenue, tendered by Mrs.
F. K. Shattuck. "Ine otfler lies in the M _■-
Gee tract, also on the west side of Shat
tuck avenue, and was offered by D. J.
Tobin a.} representative of the McGee
property. The board chose the latter.
There are many advantages In the Mc-
Gee property, aside from the difference in
price, which induced the Trustees to make
the selection they did. The new piece of
land lies between Grove street. Allston
way, Mary street and Strawberry Creel
Two of the streets passing it are already
graded and 3idewalka laid. The presence
of Strawberry Creek will serve to set off
the new municipal building, by preventing
the building of other structures near it.
The consideration named in the sale i 3
S3OOO. The time in which it is to be paid
is three years.
Sew jlethodist Minister
BERKELEY. Sept. IT.— The Rev. C. K.
Jenness, the newly appointed minister of
the First Methodist Episcopal Church cf
this city, preached his first sermon to the
REV. A. E. ULRICH
IN HIS NEW CHARGE
Rev. A. E. Drich preached his first ser
mon in his new pastorate yesterday morn-
Ing. At the r'-c^rt Methodist conference
Re\". Mr. L'lrich was assigned to the Rich
mond Methodist Church, which was re
cently dedicated. The new pastor comes
here from Kentucky, where he has been
stationed for the past two jears. Hi 3 ser
mon was eloquent and commanded the
close attention of the large congregation.
The P.ev. Mr. I'lrich took for his subject:
to God." He spoke in part
Sbadraeh. Meshach, and Abednego
immortalized themselves on the plains
o£ Dura. Trhen they refused to wor
ship the golden image which the King
of Babyion set up. Their "piety was
more than an inheritance ; it was in
grained in heart, aonaoience and Life.
ReLuicn is not mere form; it should
take possession of a man. Every hu
man life should be swayed by the hope
of the gospel. The Bible Is full of
promises, and the Bible la the word of
Gcd.
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
Unusually Large Crowds Enjoy an
Outing — Inn at Sutro's Baths.
Many thousands of - ■ pie enjoy I an
outing at the park yesterday. Around
ibe baad stand a crowd of unusual pro
portions gathered, and there was a great
concourse at the Gartield atatue to wit
ness the memorial services. The many
resorts were crowded to the gates. No
accidents were reported. At the Chutes
fully Tf.xiO people passed the gates and re
mained throughout the day, witnessing
the anal feature, tte high-diving exhibi
tion-v//.
Sutra's Baths also entertained a large
proportion of the pleasure-seekers. The
results of .the aquatic contests follow:
50-yard dash (novice) — S. Baker first, S.
Neui second: 30-yard dash (juvenile; — J.
H. Seecach nrst. C: Donovan second; 100
--yard dasb. (amateur',, won by R. W. Hay;
lOu-yard tuD race — b. Baker first, C. Au
gustus second, VV". Wilson third; trick and
tar.cy springboard divine — Otto Misner
first, C. Augustus second; underwater
swimming — C. Lundon first, C. Laihusen
second.
The park band stopped playing for more
than an hour yesterday afternoon for no
appa/ent cause, and rumors were rife
arrjfn. - the crowd that a ......
was on and that the musicians proposed
to begin the contest then and there. It
appears, however, that the playing was
discontinued in order that the ceremonies
at the Garn>=ld monument might not be
disturbed. ,: % '.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J C Ruddick. U"niah jJ D MacFarland *w.
W Martin, si Rosa \ Lincoln
A E Bld-ile. Loa Acg |H McLean. Saa Dleso
C Bed Sacto G B itcLaujyell. L A
W B Ambrose. LookfMW A Heather. Xcv
W H Joyce, L Angeles J Rauw. Portland •
H E Balding. SUka 111 L Isham. .rtland
C Dcnlon. Ventura C L Russell, .are
J G Ember. St Lnuis 'J a McClur? Sr, Cai
J Luc It & W, 3 Jose !E B Jones i w. New
J D Roberta. Monterey! Zealand
E T Sterling i w. Ci^l C II Roop, Hot spry 3
L D Anderson, DanvUe J E Bennett. S Dtego
J W Atherton. Cal Kn L M Joiinacn.Waah
J E Veaff?. U - V Mrs W H Plummer.Cl
C T Moultrop, Cal L P R L« Compte 4 w,
W E Annum 4w, ill Portland
X G Beck. Alanaeda :G W Brown. E'«?nver
I A s-ej-mour. Oakland Mrs E P Poftenfcerger
Mrs il H Berrln«ton &■ & dau, 'VVroodJand
dau. Caxiand ;M:as Cummings, Wdlnd
T W Lengen, San Jose.H E Tardley 4 w. Sac
P E Morse. Berkeley |D E Perklna <& f, Cal
M C O'Brien. Berkeley jMr» M Hall, Cfecago
J J Black. Berkeley Mias B Dillon. Chicago
J A Fer?i3on. Cal ;H C'Shead. Sacto
S "iV Puoie. Illinois ;C Frances. Salinas
C P Bailey, Ban Jose W "vV Emery, Cal
W P Bailey M D Cal H L Emery, S Dl«go
G W Wi!;«on. Oakland ;P Bemhelm. Vallejo
D T\ r Dibble. Berkeley >J T Condon, Verdi
G Baker. Lcs Angeles Miss F :>y. Stkton
T "VV H.-)bson. Fan Jos«;F H Ransom. R 3!uft
G Wilson, Oakland ;C H Ward & w. Cal
S C Cornell. Merced If Hodge, Reddini?
A A Carrie. U - -V lira F Hoyt. .' Rosa
C O Thomas Jr. U S A'J W Dunlap, Cal
Sin H L Drew. Tracks _• ■■ Westcott. Concrd
Hiss M Shea. 'JrasaVai T W Taabman, Dakota
Mrs J C Smith. Cal ;E H Barrimor». L Any
H T Smyth*. Cal fW" S Sinclair, Texas
J II Brannin, Cai E Astnua. Kentucky
E Fenton. Manila J F Ryan, Houston
S P Poland. San Jose jJ E Patrick, Houston
W Copley & w. Ci r W Johnston. - Loula
J J Davis, S Monica iC T '— .* w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
H B G~*ory, Lo» AujjlH ToeUei Bremen
J J Crooks. 8 Rafael J F Coleman, Redding
Mrs I J Crook 3. Cal r Garratt X T
Mrs J H Ca3e. W:« ;E W Woirbanneron*.
Mrs P 8 Fuller, TVls j NT
R James, Los Any ;H L Porter. Les Angr
W BMhr Aam Ma j D S Curry. Winnipeg
Mrs W Baehr, Oft] W L Haas. Los Ana-
Mr & Mrs Poindexter, ' H M Caky. Portland
Alar ■ \ J F Davl*. Jackson
F W Lerap. St Louis, '3 J McCarthy Merced
Mrs F W LOU M iP. Barclay. X T
A Roomer, Mill Vally;Mrs R Barclay. X T
D J BonsSeld. Xcv ■ lisa B Barclay. X X
J W Van Praajr. .V V E E Nelson. X T
R Van Brunt. J* T |J W Payne. Art*
Dr H«-r..L V. HururaryiW Darlimrton. Cai
Mr» Dr Hernadt. Hun- A X McKay. L An*
sary |H H>r»foni. Ariz
C Elar.ke. Bremen E F Brtttin^aam. S T
A Germain. Denver Mrs C W Waldron.
R R Yon Potthetm. S Cm
Austria 8 Clark, C»l
N~EW VTESTEHS HOTEL.
Mrs J A Scott. Cal F W Shore, 9 Rom
J J Connolly. Vallejo C Goriaa. Sacto
W E Reaves. S C~iz 3 Marshall, 8 Jo»«
M E Rice. 8 Cruz W R Swain, 3 Jo««
M Jones ft *, >"><iicclaie B Casey Col fax
I M ran, Valleio C Sw«nton. S Jonv...
J Quins, Alaska, J M Russell. Fresno
B Flsh«r, Modesto M Danker. Stockton
H Hamzumd. Madera A. Merrttt. Petalum*
? Alien. - Pleasaatan ;S" Nucact, Chicago
J Smith, liiato *
congregation this morning. Mr. Jenness
comes to Berkeley as the successor of the
Rev. John Coyle. D. D.. who recently re
signed from the DUipit of Trinity church
on" the ground of ill-health. The new pas
tor is one of the youngest and at the same
time one of the most talented orators of
the Methodist denomination, and his ap.
pointment to the pulpit of the university
town was received with much satisfaction.
He is a graduate of Stanford University
and preached at Modesto, and at Prescott,
Arizona, before coming here.
Church Services in Oakland-
OAKLAND, Sept. IT.— Rev. J. T. Sun
deriand. whose resignation as pastor of
the First Unitarian Church takes effect
October 1. exchanged pulpits to-day with
Rev. N\ A. Raakeu of San Jose. v>->
Rev i H. Chase of Teuro, Nova
Scotia', occupied the pulpit at the Golden
Gate Presbyterian Church to-day.
Rev WlKlam Kelly, pastor of the First
English Lutheran Church, preached this
morr.rr.g about -'Church Love."
Warren Davis, a senior m the State
University, spoke to-day at both the
mornins and eveninsr services in the
Go'den Gate Methodist Church.
"The Pleading of the Sacrifice" was the
saoject of Rev. Charles -- G. Adams'
«ermon this morning at St. Andrew's
Episcopal Church. _ , -
Rev. Warren F. Day of Los Angeles
preached this morning on "Christianity-
Its Breadth and Youth." at the First
Congregational Church.
P.ev. C. H. Hobnrt. pastor of the First
Baptist Church, spoke to-night on the
subject of "The Xew Universe."
A.t the Fir?t United Presbyterian
Church Rev.- William H. Fulton of Ala
meda preached this morning. In the
evening Noel H. Jacks, secretary of the
Young- liens' Christian Association, de
livered an address.
"The Gospel of Dante" was the subject
of an Interesting sermon delivered to
right at the Fourth Congregational
Church by Rev. Alfred Bayley, the
pastor.
Rev. H. "W. Fraser at the Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church to-night delivered
an address to the younc people on the
areneral topic of "What Shall I Make of
My Lifer-
Rev. Dr. Dille in his morning sermon
at the First 11. E. Church to-day ex
plained how true church prosperity may
be attained. Kis sermon to-night was
particularly directed to the young people.
Rev. Paui Mansfield Spencer, graduate
of Depauw University, and who has been
In charge of churches at Dutch Flat and
Nord in this State, has been appointed
assistant pastor of the First ■[. E.
Church.
At the First Presbyterian Church this
morning Rev. Dr. Coyie chose as the sub
ject for" his sermon. "Where We Rest Our
Faith.' To-night ' Dr. Coyle spoke of
"The Greatest Power in the World"
from a Christian standpoint.
■ ♦ .
Volunteer Fund Increases.
ALAMEDA. Sept. IT.— Treasurer Hinch
raan of the areneral committee for the
volunteers' reception reports the total
■übscriptions to date to be J2Ol 50. Cali
fornia Council, Y. M. L, will contribute
JlO ar.d there are still 1 number of other
fraternal organizations to be heard from.
This mornin? Chairman Brown of the
executive committee, together with the
members of the various sub-committees.
visited the Thompson grounds to arrange
p : an« for decorations, and to select a
place for the speakers' stand for the pro
posed reception. Chairman Robinson of
thi» general committee says the committee
has been meeting with encouragement at
fvery turn, and in addition to the sub
scriptions reported, quite a neat sum has
been subscribed for the fireworks. The
demand for tickets to the banquet far
exceeds the number that can be accom
modated at the tables In Armory Hall.
Hcspitai Corps Anniversary
ALAMEDA: S-pt. I'--^f X hospital
'orps of Christ Church celebrated Lta
inniversary to-nl«ht with patriotic ser
rt'ees The members all were their new
iniforms. The church was elaborately
iecorated with fiaga. A number of offl
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE —
American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A D. ISM." ar.d far the year endins? on that lay.
ai ma^ie to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections «10 and 813 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com-
Amouiit of Capital Stock, paid* up
in Cash KJOi.flflfl 00
~
ASSETS *
Real Estate - owned by Company I Sat, US 2:;
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages L 030.560 So
•^ash M^rktft Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 824.027 50
Amount of Loans secured by pieilff*
of Bunds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities aa collateral.... 87,700 00
Cash in Ccmpany's Office S.BBl 24
Cash in Banks 177,739 45
Interest due and accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans 1.037 50
Interest due ard accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 16,307 08
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 115.583 92
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rent? due and accrued 7,918 21
Ground Rents, well secured 21.320 00
Total Assets C. "■■ . 727 87
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid I 47.535 >i
Lc«ses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 100.939 24
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 2,813 Oii
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or leaa. 050.93S 95;
reinsurance 30 per c<;nt • 473.469 47
Grass premiums on Fire Risks nm-
nin* more than one year $909.-
-247 •)$; reinsurance pro rata 434.73153
Grass premlumn on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, I ;
reinsurance 100 per cent .
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, >— ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
Amount reclalmable by the Insure!
on perpetual fire insurance poll lea 566,667 C
Commissiona and Brokeraga due and
to become due 17.322 5,H !
Total Liabilities 11.706.394 25
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1.228,144 49
Deposit premiums on perpetual
Risks 13.731 «
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 61,574 35
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, an! from
all other sources 44.643 <M
Received for Rents 13,369 34
Received from all other sources 2,605 01
— —^— — . — j
Total Income SI. 370. 329 90
EXPENDITXJ RES. ~ ~
Net amount paid far Fire Losses (in-
cluding 1120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) 1 7SI.S7T 00
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including deposit premiums re-
turned - 17.522 49
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .' 244. 028 Vi
Paid far Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, aierks. etc 43,338 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 757 27
All ether payments and expendi-
tures - 171085 25 ;
Total Expenditures ..H,548,528 47
Fire.
Less** incurred during; the year.... IRI3. *48 M
Risk* and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 1139,088,171 J1. 584, 4M 47 >
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the
ye*r ' 130.851. 1J0 ! 1.588,513 04 !
Net amount in farce
December 31. MM.... 1 187.38«.330 ! 1.J60,13« »4
THOS. H. MONTGOMERT, President.
RICHARD MARIS. Secretary.
Subscribed to and sworn to before me, this :
Bth day of February. 1399.
HENRT F. REARDON, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
CEHmmAL ACeiHTS.
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. i
cers and soldiers from the California,
Minnesota and South Dakota regiments
were present. Rev. Dr. Lacey, rector of
the church, preached an appropriate ser
mon and several patriotic selections were
rendered by the choir.
—■ • ■
Victory for Walsh A O'Briens.
OAKLAND. Sept. IT.— Walsh &
O'Briens of this city defeated the Clear
Bros, of Berkeley at the West Oakland
baseball grounds thi3 afternoon, by a
score of 9 to 3. The game was witnessed
by at least 1500 spectators. The features
were McGuins fielding for the Clear Bros,
and the battery work of Feigo and CaUa
han of the Walsh & O'Briens.
. ♦ ■
Baseball Br ke His Jaw
OAKLAND, 3ept. IT.— Andrew Perry, a
iricklayer ajred 22 rears, residing at 1953
Magnolia street, while witnessing a game .
of baseball at the Watts Tract this after
noon, was accidently struck on the right ;
side of the face by a foul ball and sus
tained a fracture of the jawbone. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Dukes and Steward Borchert
reduced the fracture.
LIEUTENANT CLIN SAYS
DREYFUS IS GUILTY
Was a Brother Officer of the Con
demned -ilar in the French
Army.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 17.—Lieu
tenant Clin, a member of the Canadian
militia, returned from the Yukon to-day
on the steamer Alpha. He eagerly asked
for the latest news of the Dreyfus trial.
When told that Dreyfus had been re
convicted and sentenced to tea years, Ciin
exclaimed:
"Good, he deserves more. He is guilty.
a traitor to his country. You see. before
becoming a British soldier, I was an offi
cer in the French army, a brother offi
cer »f Dreyfus. I was his comrade and
knew him well. I perhaps spoke hastily,
but if you knew what I know, you would
not sympathize with Dreyfus. I know he
is aruiity. I could give reasons why."
With this Lieutenant Clin stopped
speaking and not another word could be
extracted from him.
Handball at Byan's.
rh<» usual handball eumes at Phil
Ryan's Court. SSB Howard street, yester
lay resulted as follows:
W. Williams and C. Letter defeated P. Ryan
md E. -White. Score: -■:. 17—21. 21— 11.
E. Murphy and E. Antrcn defeated J. Reisers
md C. Letter: Score: 21—19. 15—21. 21—10.
IV. Haasell and L. Kenny defeated A. Col
lins -..-. H. McNevia. Score: 21—17, 18— X
11 -IS.
J. Han i and M. Dotes defeated A. Hanses
md G. Sweet3er. Score: "1— i. II — 21—14.
E. Murphy and T. Leach defeated J. Con
ion and W. H. Sieberst. Score; 21—13. 11—21,
11—13.
B. Clements and A. McVlcker defeated E.
Curley and W. Collins. Bear*: 21—13, 10—21,
a—
W. Williams, the Boston champion, and R.
Kcusman defeated W. Fisher and M- Edward 3.
Score: 21—20. 16 — 21. 21— It
Single-hand jrarrfe — A. Whlteman. boy cham
pion cf 13 years, defeated C. Quir.n three
straight sanies. II— M. — 12. 21 — which
makes him the undisputed toy champion.
a single-hand game for the championship
3f the Coast between J. White and M. Maguire
was won by J. White, three games to one.
It was a mcst scientific gaJBM from start to
finish, the feature being- the left-hand tittles
of White with low and swift drives, also his
service. Mayulre played a. fine same. Score:
21— 21—4. IS— 2L 21—12.
■ m ■
Unknown Man Attempts Suicide.
An unknown man hired a room last Sat
urday nig"ht at 425 Bush street, and yes
terday morning 1 the landlady smelled a
strong- odor of escaoing gas comic? from
the room. On investigation, the unknown
was found lyin^ unconscious on the bed.
He had turned on the gas jet anil was
nearly dead when taken to the Receiving
Hospital , where he remained unconscious
all day. At a late hour last night the
hospital physicians had little hope for
his recovery. _i.c had nothing on h-m oy
which he could be identified. The land
lady remembers that he also hired a room
about a month ago, but does not know his
name.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
09 THS
SVEA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1338, and for
the year Baa; en that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the previsions of sections
310 and <ni of the Political Code, condensed aj
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stoc*, paid up in
Ca*h „. t533.333 33
ASSETS. ~
Real Batata o-arn^i ty Company $703,200 00
Leans on Bonds and Mort«ra?es 2.735,077 24
Cash Slarket Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.333.554 34
Amount of Loans secured by pledy^
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 371. 190 J7
Cash la Banks 57.»« 73
Cash in Company's Office...
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 86.314 78
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortzaires
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 134.483 31
Bill* receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... J50.537 58
Total Assets .' .r.314.r7 Hi.
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid......^. ;v
Loa«e3 in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense Ro«,*gfl 87
L.»ses resisted, including expenses..
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
niaif on* year or less, S ; re-
insurance 50 per cent, Gross pre-
miums on Fire Risks ranainj more
thaa one year, i i reinsur- _
ance pn> rata 54?. I 73
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Rh>ks. % : re-
insurance lOfl per cent .......
Grses premiums on Marine Time
Risks, I ; reinsurance 50 per
Liability* under Life Department 4.302.330 82
Cash dividends remaining unpaid — 12.133 73
Ml other demands against the Com-
" pany - 347.798 46
Total Liabilities .Ki.818.573 47
INCOME.
N«t Cash actually received for Fire
premiums . 11.380,801 »
Net Cash actually received far Ma-
rine premiums •
Received for interest on Bonds and
v - '- ■ ■-■• ••■■:■:'—:■
Received far interest and dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from,
all other sources 252.844 08
Received for Rent* n.W> I?
Received from all other scurces... LOOT.SSO 36
Total Income t2. 877. 496 12
EXPENDITURES. "~~
N»t amount Daid tat Firs Losses
(Including I . lo«9«»a of pre-
vious years $570.5J)5 44
Vet amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including i . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allo-ared for Commission or
Brokerage ....... 47M74 23
Paid foe - >:'<■?. Fees and other
c:*ar* < for officers, clerks, etc 132.732 3S
Paid for State. National and local
taxes ... • 17.137 0*;
All other payments and expenditures 1.307.050 X
Total Expenditures -C5C6.H3 39
Fire.
Losses Incurred during th- year...... 570.985 44
Risks and Premiums. ' Fire Risks. Premiums
1 ■ I ~~--~"~^~— —
Net amount of Risksl
.... < ! U . r -^-. t . he ! OUKffi &«.« B
y ear $331,180,452 C 935. «63 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year f. 173.453.C8l J42.231 »
Net amount In force
December 31. 1338 i 1M.^31. 322 L 085 .338 S3
"~ ' OLOF-WIJK. President.
ERNST BRING. Secretary.
Subscribed and worn to before me this Ist
day of April. 1809.
GCDM. AKERMARK. Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
CEH Eft A L AGKNTB.
411-413 CALIFORNIA *»TREET,
gAN FRANCISCO.
Swot $1.00 BBTYear
FAREWELL LETTER
OF THOMAS B. REED
To the Bepublicans of the First Maine
District He Expresses Publicly
His Thanks.
PORTLAND, Me.. Sept- 17.— The Press
will print to-morrow ..he following-:
To the i.epublicans of the First
Maine District: While I am naturally
reluctant to obtrude myself again upon
public attention, even here at home, I
am sure no one would expect me to
leave the First Maine District after
so long a service without some words
expressing to you my appreciation of
your friendship and my gratitude for
your generous treatment. Words
alone are quite inadequate ami I must
appeal to your memories. During
three and twenty year 3of political
life, not always peaceful, you have
never questioned a single public act of
mine. Other men have had to look
after their districts.' My district ha 3
looked after me. This, in tae place
where I --was born, where you know
my shortcomings as well as ] do my
self, gives me a right to be proud of
my relations with you. So honors are
ever quite" like those which come from
home. It would not be just for me
to withhold my thanks from those
Democrats who have so often given
me their votes. This friendship I can
acknowledge with all propriety even
In ,1 tetter to Republicans, for both
they and you know that I have never
trimmed a sail to catch the passing
breeze or ever flown a doubtful flag.
Office, as a ribbon to stick in your
coat, is worth nobody's consideration.
Office, as opportunity, is worth all con
sideration.
That opportunity you have given me
untramir.- in the fullest and
amplest measure and I return your
sincerest thanks: if I have deserved
any praise it belongs of right to you.
Whatever may happen. I am sure that
the First Maine District will always
be true to the principles of liberrv,
self -government and the risrtit of man.
THOMAS B. REED.
Portland. Me.. Sept. IS, ISM.
COLUMBIA PUTS INTO
THE PORT OF BRISTOL
Tuesday the New Steel Mast Will Be
Stepped Before the Yacht Goes
to New York.
BRISTOL, R. 1., Sept. 17.— The Columbia
came in here this afternoon under her
fore stay sail in a good southwest breeze.
The plan la to step the Columbia's new
steel mast about Tuesday, after which
the yacht will so to Newport or possibly
New York and give the mast a thorougn
trial, returning here for a general clean
ing and overhauling before her races witfc
the Shamrock.
■ m •
Spread of Yello-w Fever
KEY WEST, Fla., Sept. 17. — The phy
sicians have made no reports to-day, but
a great many cases of yeilow fever are
known to have occurred in the past
twenty-four hours and one death.
Died in His Cabin at the Cliff
Nicholas Geddel3, aged 70 years, died
yesterday afternoon all alone in hia little
cabin on the beach near the Cliff House.
His body was taken to the Morgue.
Geddels was a well known ti?ure for
many years of his lifetime to the many
frequenters of the beach. At one time ha
acquired a song little fortune peddling
peanuts, but lost it in stocks. The laier
years of his life were clouded with
poverty. He has a daughter, Mrs. Va
salto. residin? in this city.
Equal to the Emergency.
uuuu;iesa . wen nuss cne opera, sac
said. impatiently; "we've been waiting a
good many minutes for that mother of
mine."
"Hours. I should say," he replied some
what acrimoniously.
"Ours?" cried phe. rapturously. "Oh,
George, this is so sudden!" Then she fell
cpon his neck.— Standard Times.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
. A. D. ISSS, i -■'.'--.-' •■- - ending on that day, |
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of «ections OS and 811 of the Political Code,
condenaM a per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPTTAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $300,000 00
ASSKTS.
Real Estate owned by Company $322, .f.i 37
Leans on Bonds and Mortagages 2.034,139 17 j
Cash Market Value cf ail Stocks and '.
Bonds owned by Company 2,963,131 25
Amount of Loana secured by pledge
of Bends, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .. 151.550 00
Cash in Company's Oface 1L368 S3
I Cash in Banics 153.007 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,154 09
Interest due and accrued a Bonds
■ and Mortgages 56,573 85
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
i tion 881.403 28
! Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks _
1 Rents due and accrued . 1,833 73
: Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paia... 30,073 74
Total Assets ..$«.430.<63 111
i LIABILITIES. ~~~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $129,555 73
Losses in process of Adjustment or
: in Suspense 133,514 21
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 38,410 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
i ning one year or less, $1,732,988 75;
! reinsurance SO per cent „. 59«,494 38
j Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,033,-
-150 09: reinsurance pro rata.... 1,123,06* 17
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ : re-
Insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Tims
Risks. $— — ; reinsurance 50 per
cent - f
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual are Insurance poli-
I cies L 945.312 73
All other demands against the Com-
pany 301,271 S3 ;
Total Liabilities ..$4.555.917 53
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,522,175 33
Perpetual deposits receive.! 51.704 33
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 130,300 23
Received for interest and dividends
1 on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 135. 42
Received for Rents 8.637 94
Received from all other sources 17.743 33
Total Income ..S2.3IC.C* OS j
EXPENDITURES. ~ '■ j
Net amount paid for Flra Losses (In-
cluding $212,758 58, lasses of pre-
vious years) $1,533,541 25
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including 1 . losses of pre-
vious -ears)
Dividends to Stockholders.. 200.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ... 1 532.533 14 1
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other
charges for of3cers. clerks, eta 264.138 73
Paid 'or State. National and local ;
taxes 31.003 04 j
All other payments and expenditures 130.637 18 !
Total Expenditures '? -::. ■':■ 32 {
Fire.
Losses Incurred *»ta( the - - B 531. 597 43 ,
Risks and Premiums, i Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
written during the!
ear ! $2!'C.883.62S $3,112,834 04
! Net amount cf Risks)
expired during the
year 3U.352.377 3.2 M.257 33
Net amount In forca
December 31. 1333. ...1 MM Ml 3.532.13S 34 j
~ E. C IRVTN. President. i
BENJ. F. HERKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and (Ten to before me this 23d
day of January. 1339.
THOMA3 B. PROSSER. Notary Public
T. C. SHANKLAtND,
STATE AGENT.
JNO. D. RICHARDS,
lander S. F. Department,
219 SANSOME STREET,
i SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
; Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ROOKS A>fO STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 350 Geary Street. Abovr Powell.
PEPqOPICALg. BOOKS AND STAHQ.VEP.T.
COAL. COKE A.ND PIQ IRON.
JC UTT ?ftV * C(i m Battery Street.
J- C- TT 1L jUil tt vUi Telepbor.e Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
Cf CVIITH Ship PlunibiDs, • Steamooas
- IT- _>JU 1 II- and Ship Work a Specialty, li
and 13 Washington st. Telephone Matn 54U.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIC Eft VCC %■ CfS Shipping Butchers. 104
JAb BO YES & CO. day. Til. Main 1234.
FURS.
JU LurMAiJ. '•* Kammy ft., upstair* Litest
■ fl. LVIJIAU, rtylit, lowest prices, :«irc<j«iing.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, JffiS F^ ce n 7 i
I st. Ca3 ng9 ot Evary Description. Miuie ta
I Order. T^l. Black 1505.
PAPEP DEALERS
WRLA^JEHE '% JO;D PAPER co
TT IL.L.-UlC t 1 L 7^; iiontjomery street.,.
PRINTINX
E C HUGHES, s :i s^gSTSgT-s. f.
THE HICKS- JUDP CO , gsgg^= fs^
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
•:f a PARTRIDGE " SiSr"
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ne Ila!I
DIAiIOND COAL m2tlXi3 CO.. ?t its GREEN'
RIVER COLLIERIES. .3 the Beat Coal tn tha
Market- Office an-3 Yar-'.a— »' Main street.
I Will Give $1000
.-v?*^? I **^ If I fail to cure any
j^_f_J__^^ \CANCER Zl u ™ll
lifi^ I^B No Pain I
7 - No Piv
1 >i{ i £ Until Cared.
f-acc. :ooo«ancerJ
\ ■^^"^* /j now in my offices in
" | ' \ J[ alcohol. Lady attend-
• I //*•• I ant. Any bard
' grfw**st~ r "«s£y>' j/ yk. I amp anywhere
i Woman's Breast is Cancer
! 1 If larg« always poisons the glands m. armpit,
1 wto^% a^sSNT FREE „ ,
BOOK SENT FREE . . _
• ! With, symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
' i thousand- cured^ in California. IVrtte iem \. ■
! S. S. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St.. S. P.
' ■ SEND THIS to seme one WITH CANCER.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TEE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Hamburg, Germany, on the 313T
day of December. A. D. 1338. and for th»
year ending en that day. as made to the In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 810- and
311 cf the Political Code, condensed v per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up a
Cash -
BTS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loan? on Bonds and Mortgages $73,500 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 331,313 .5
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds. Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral... ~ ,„ „
Cash in Company's Office _ S2B 97
Cash In Banks -. 77.563 -a
Interest due and accrued on a.; Stacks
* and Loans •• •-••-•• 1».S88 25
Interest due and accrued on Bonds _
and Mortgages ... ... 5.«» '*
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 124.212 70
Certificate of depoeit in hands of
United States Trustees . 25,000 CO
Cash in hands of United States Trus-
tees ._.,,,,......*.»■-*•••••*•••••••••- "• jo ° **
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fir* and Marine Risk 3
Rents due and accrue.! •■••
Due from other Companies for Re-
• insurance on losses already paid
Total Assets .'.5715.813 U)
LIABILITIES. ' ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,753 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 27,005 08
Losses resisted, including expenses 2,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $302,347 97; re-insur-
ance 50 per cent - . 151.173 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $235,382 41: re-la- ■
surance pro rata. s:. 143,539 SI
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent _
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ! re-lnsuranee 30
per cent-
Total Liabilities - .$323.032 H
INCOME.
Vet Cash actually received for F'.r-
premiums $472,075 33
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums -
Received for interest en Bonds and
Mortgages .. 3.580 00
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Leans, and from all
other sources 17.354 64
Received for Rents
Total Income .$433.139 33
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $35,3it9 14, lossea of previous
years) $305,533 33
Net amount pal I for Marine Losses,
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) I
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 158,138 13
Paid fcr Sal.iri**. Fee 3 and ether
charges fcr officers, clerks, etc . 35.532 73
Paid for otate. National and local
taxes 9.94150
All other payments and expenditures.. 27,552 14
Total Expenditures $S.^.U4 47
Li— iw 11 ml l during the year. are...sC2B.2S 93
Risks and Premiums. ' Fire Risks. | Premiums.
■ i
Net ' amour. t of Risks!
wrttlen during the'
year i $52.7C9.6C6 $531.707 57
Net amount cf Rl?ksi
expired during the
year I 45.."45.953 710.495 51
Net amount in force!
December 31. I£3B ! 48.n3.312 I 538.230 38
ADOLPH LOEB,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thia 12^1
day of February. 1?39.
MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL AGENT FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
225 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
^^aaSl^fef<M.« m * «is • n<:n-m«rr.-~,
_,-Ofc»Si«'"**Qt-v3 r-mtaj for Lrcnorrhcs^
Gl«it, Soflrmatorrh.-ei!
.ggWyia Ito 5 lars.^H "bites, unnatural jig.
JvaW Qcaraa«»l 3 (•h.-ir?»!i. or lay inn.i-nin*.
JabJ oat to iirxtar- turn, irritation or cicerv
ft "ffrrrsaa eont>g!oa. tic a of mac o a s men*.
l^^»7HE£yA?l3 CHmiCH.Cn. cranes. lfaa-«atringent.
|HH SloW »y Oranttn,
TjgtS^ it t . bbbT or sent is piain wrapper.
/SSgJSJ"^^33 'ipr-HB. prepaid, foa>
'V^LaaaaaaatflS^B h X - '" ' i»«^ C.ri
w ■ Ciisvuf Matt «• Majibaaai
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:S0 o'clock.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o clock
ed McAllister street; open until 9 .SO ° clock.
€15 Lork'n street; open until ?. SO o c OCX.
1941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 o clock.
2251 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. open until 9 ojc.ock.
1W Eleventh street: open until 9 oc«k.
J096 Valencia street: open until 9 o clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o clocK
MEETING NOTICES^
OOLDEN Commandery No. 16. K. < * R
T. Golden Gate building. T f ;£_Sutter SB-
at .-Stated Assembly THIS EVENING O
at S o'clock The Order of the Temple W
will be conferred. All fraters are
courteous* invited. CAMpBELL Em com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
-~ m " •
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L. Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Business and R. A. Degree. __I__^_
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. &A. •
M — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at 7 _J\_
o'clock. D. 3. By order of the W. M. J\^\
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec. / *
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. & A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) Jl^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-»£2r
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. ' '
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. *
an i A M.. 1839 Fiilmore St.— Third De- _^k
trree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at yljt
7:80 o'clock. By order of the S. W. Hvr >
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
Parker Lodge No. 124, i. O. O. .^aaj&>
F. — Members are requested to as- •3g£' «*ssc:
*emble In their lodgeroom at 10 7 >^
o'clock THIS DAY for the purpose <WHW-
of attending the funeral of Brother J. A.
LUKINS. J. A. WELLS. X. G.
Parker Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. <$&§&,
F —Members are requested to as- : VJ2«irSsi=
semble in their li dgero< m at 1:30 "s^S^s^~
o'clock THIS DAY for the purpose ' "
of attending the funeral Of Brother N.
JONAS. J. A. WELLS. N. Q.
LOYAL California Lodge No. 7005. <£&'**&!'
I. O. O. F. M. N.— Members are •§£? £1
requested to attend the funeral ~~fi£S-. xss~
of our late brother. P. G. E. POT- -^'-" A
TER. from the undertaking parlors of James
Hn«an. 525 Valencia St., on MONDAY. Sept.
IS. Nt i p. m. H. V. WILLISTON, P. S.
THOMAS M. MILLAR, N. G.
LAUREL Lodge No. 4. K. of P.. will Ar
meet THIS DAY (MONDAY). Sep- xJ^
tember 18, at 10:15 a. m., to attend _JzCS&»
the funeral of our deceased brother, I *ati
BENJAMIN ISENBfRG.
M. S. KRAMER, C. C.
ERNEST ULMAN. K. R. S.
ANNUAL meeting.— El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Co.— Notice is hereby given
that the annual meeting of the stockholders 1
of the El Dorado Water and Deep Gravel
fining Company will be held at the office of :
the company, at Placervllle. on MONDAY,
the twenty-fifth (25th) day of September, 1599.
at 7 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of elect-
Ing a board of directors to serve for the en- ;
sulnp year, and the transaction of such other |
business may come before the meeting.
A. D. HENDERSON, Secretary.
Placervllle. September S. 1599.
MEETlXGS— tnlversnl Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America, Sl9 Mar- 1
ket St.— Lecture >n Sunday, "Personal Salva-
tion." by J. 11. Griffea; International Brother-
hood League. Tuesday night, subject. "Le-
gal Revenue." U_illJ_
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits & i
■ diUFtF accounts for corporations \- firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atty at law, S3 Market, cor. Stocktn.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71: practices In all courts.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market, consultation free; no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St.. room 67; advice j
free; charge low; business pushed. j
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
SpreckeU building, !-27 Market st. j
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. ,
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., ■■.pp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT Strictly first-class; 1714 !
Market St., S. F., Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; !
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms.
60c; special rates by month, also to tourlwts. I
.AN exceedingly quiet and attractive private |
Spanish home; good table; suitable for 2 gen- j
tleman or married couple, use of telephone; :
reference. 225 Geary st. j
AN exceedingly quiet and attractive home is :
open to a few appreciative people; terms, in I
advance, $35. Home, box 2267. Call. j
ELLIS, Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
GEARY, 938— Elegant suite, bath, front gar-
den, separate entrance; also single rooms.
O'FARRF.LL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents. .
POST, 1429— large alcove front room; also
sunny room; board for couple or two.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, 944— Elegantly furnished rooms;
excellent board: special rates to couples.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILD to board: sunny yard; nice neighbor-
hood. Apply 2618 Bush Ft.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. 210 :
Lexington ava. ■**
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board wanted by a steady young ;
man: central location; private family pre- j
•■ rr ■■:; state terms. O. 8., box 2144, Call.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S6OoT~ELEGANTLY fixed up and first-class
paying *aloor. close to Palace Hotel; rent
$50: lease; disaKreement of partners cause
of sale. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st. j
$3750— Market st. corner saloon, close to Chroni-
cle, well stocked, paying tiptop; lease; owner '
must go to Mexico. WILKE, MX Market st. j
A— sl2o0 — DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
In very best location and doing a good pay- I
Ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole j
or take partner. Call R. G. WILKE, 90b j
Market st.
A — s3so0 — CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes !
St.; rent $35; old-establ. and good paying ,
place; no credit; all cash custom. Inquire H. 1
G. WILKJj W6 Market st. I
A $760 PAPER route: call and examine. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole- j
Kale houses and Iron foundries; place clearing |
above $:> per month; lease; a splendid offer. 1
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— $4500— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market St.; open day and night; no
better paying place in this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE. 90ti Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer i
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In night; all caah
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— s7so; PAPER route; call and examine. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— S7SO— BUTCHER shop; prosperous town of
State; 75 miles from city; more than value;
best-class trade: hotels, restaurants and pri-
vate; worth $1500; clearing $100 monthly. M.
i^ESS. 765 Market st.
A— S7SO— CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candies, etc.: store central; north, nr.
Market: clearing $125 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
1200— BARBER shop: 3 chairs; 4 rooms; rent
$17 60; must be sold; snap. LESS. 765 Marks
$20(0— COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call building; clearing $300 monthly; proof
furnished; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
A— s37s— RESTAURANT: location where 1000
persons employed; meals 20c: rent $16; must
sell. STENBERO & CO.. 26^ Kearny st.
X—s7f/>— BAKERY; fine location; handsome
store- 6 sunny living rooms; 3 good horses.
wagon; baking 2>,j barrels flour dally; owner
retiring. STENHKRC, & CO.. 26^ Kearny st.
I $375 ;
Cigar Stand
'fronting popular hotel of 700 rooms. BTEN-
BERG & CO.. 26^ Kearny st. -
RK5TAURA^FT.^.^^^.;................
'."I .. COUNTRY TOWN
MUST SELL OFFER WANTED
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET ST.
CIGAR store; great sacrifice this day; must
be sold. COWING & CO.. 596 Market st.
BRANCH bakery at great bargain if taken
at once. COWING & CO., S»5 Market st.
BUY or sel[~your business toyour satisfaction,
is to call at THE PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth.
FOR sale cheap— Bakery, notions, cigar stand.
Apply 1704 Howard St. ; : *
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
RBSTANRANT at a sacrifice; disagreement
oause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4
Market st.
SALOON: one of the best bargains In the
city. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'/. Market st.
$600— PARTNER wanted In prosperous country
town in tonsorial, billiards, cigars, station-
ery and notion store. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Mi Market st.
$460— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, school
supplies, opposite school of 900 children; doing,
I $20 business day: milk alone pays rent; 4 liv-
ing rms., bath: rent $16. Jones & Co., BCS Mkt.
1 PAYING renovating business with dyeing and
cleaning office; splendid locality. Box 2257,
Call office.
HERE Is a chance Saloon with 9 rooms, suit-
able for family; In best part of city: low
rent; will sell cheap; doing splendid business;
owner's retirement volntary; no agents, pur-
chasers only sought. Address box 2042, Call.
FOR SALE— S3OO; bakery, confectionery, notion,
coffee and ice cream parlors; rent $10; doing
$260 per mo.; good reasons for selling. Address
J. A. WOODARD, t Frultvale aye., Frultvale.
$400— OAKLAND bakery, candy and tamale
parlors: choice locality: pays big; old stand;
worth double. SALSBURY. 90S Broadway.
DAIRY and delicacy business; good steady cash
trade; must sell; cause sickness. Call morn-
ings. 1109 Folsom st.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon;
side entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
a good business. 632 Market st., room 6.
PORK and delicacy store: full stock: receipts
over $600 month; trial given. 125 Fifth at.
FOR sale cheap— and notion store; 8
good living rooms. Call at 252 Eighth St.
FOR sale— One-half Interest In country news-
paper; oldest and best in county; largest cir-
culation: good business; county seat; Republi-
can; best climate in California, Address
FRED LORINQ, LaXeport.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 928
Washington at
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business;
sickness cause for selling; a bargain. Box
2073, Call office.
AN interest In a placer mine In California;
must have $500. Box 2196, Call.
BRANCH bakery and grocery store of 11 years'
standing to be sold cheaD. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
BARBERS— SI7S; 2-chair shor.. fine fixtures,
near S. F. : fine location; good prices; cheap
rent; $25, $30 week. JONES. 865 Market at.
$450— SALOON and lunch house; 9 rooms; best
location on city front; good place for man
and wife or 2 men, or will accept good man
as partner. Apply liquor store. 515% Folsom
et.. near Fourth.
OLD-ESTABLISHED transfer cor. saloon
on two principal streets, south Market; well
stocked; good business; trial given. Box 2045,
Call.
INVENTOR of an Indispensable tool wants a
moneyed partner; a good thing. Box 650,
Call office.
TO LET— Fine business location, northwest
corner Post and Larkln; 1003 Larkin, living
room, $17 50. 102 Eddy st.
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh St., I. O. O. F. building, opposite
new Postofflce building.
WOOD, coal yard: must be sold; double and
single team. 103S Sutter st. j
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento Bt.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR — Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apnly Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN *■ SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
»end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister St. ; phone South 146.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4r>3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCI! Carpet Cleaning Co., -.02 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Highth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt. : cleaning. 2c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. i
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M IRITUALISM.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight- diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladies. 50c; gents, $1; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
C. STEERS, medium; 112H Oak st. ; circles
I Tues., 8 p. m. Thurs., 2 p. m. 25c; read-
| ings, $1.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
! life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
! PROFESSOR ZERA. the best fortune teller
I in the city. 263 Third St.; upstairs.
i MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall $1. 5 Seventh st,
SPIRIT test, business medium; sit. 50c, $1; cir-
cle Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. at 8. 10c. 510 Valencia.
PROF GEE. readings, $1; test circles Tues.,
Thurs.. Fri.. 8 p. m.; 2Za. 1035 Market St.
MME LANGE. queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
! * reader; 2.", c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MME AUGUST. 1149 Mission st. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
YOUR future tojd by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun. 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS C J.MEYER. 836 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed. 5at.;2&8p.m.,10e&25c; sittings daily.
MME SYHILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
* band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 OTarrell st.
* COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TURK, Cottage, 4 rooms, also cottage, 3
rooms, in rear; large stable: reasonable.
' COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
den. 121 Pfelffer. bet. Stockton and Dupont.
IVY aye.. — Three sunny rooms; basement;
yard; $8.
PRETTY cottage; 5 rooms: almost new.
2966 Twenty-first st. ; key at cor. grocery.
~ ' DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Z'.nkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain !»*■ the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the beet and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specially; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 CO; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platea our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN V ROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market, st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market tit?, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty;' all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices ■In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission-, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
MEYER. 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL_, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1899.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKING — Party dresses a specialty; U.
S. tailor system; very reasonable. 116 Twelfth.
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
— — — — — — — — —
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
'CO graduates annually placed In positions;
etudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
logue free. ' _^_
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial course— Shorthand. typewriting,
bookkeeping. electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
I commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1238 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
I Adeline St., Oakland.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad.: French, Spanish.
$2 mo. 530 O. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
GUITAR taught scientifically and artistically.
Mrs. C. J. A Miss Elsie Tooker. 1008 Bush st.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. CEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant sb.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Norwegian housework girl
desires a situation; 2 years last place. MISS
H. OULLINAN. 323 Putter St.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; beat r*f. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sut-
ter st.
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation In the country; good cook and house-
worker. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter St.; ohone Main 651.
A COMPETENT French second girl desires a
situation; best ref. MISS 11. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
A NEAT youne girl desires a situation; good
house-worker and plain cook; ref. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Butter st.
COMPETENT Danish girl d»slres situation as
cooking and housework; best of reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
REFINED German second girl desires situa-
tion; best of ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttar.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a posi-
tion to assist with light housework with 2 or
3 in family; nice home and small wages;
references. 1121 Stelner St.; city only.
AN elderly lady who lost her only son and re-
lation in the last war desires situation; light
services as cook preferred. 418 Powell St.;
tel. Main 5332.
HOUSECLEANING or washing- by the day
wanted b' - a capable woman; fond of chil-
dren. 752 Stevenson st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; wages $20. Call at 713
Central aye.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a sit-
uation as housekeeper; no objection to a
few children; references. Box 2155. Call.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist in light
housework; no washing. Call 327 Clementina.
WOMAN wants a place to do housework in the
city or country; small wages. 6SI Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady. Mason's widow, of re-
finement, requires situation as companion or
managing housekeeper for family; pleasant
home more an object than high wages; coun-
try preferred. Box M, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED respectable woman, Just ar-
rived from the East, wishes situation as
housekeeper in private family: city or coun-
try. Call at 1932 Mason st. MRS. WILSON.
SEAMSTRESS wants position with dress-
maker: will teach tailor system; best In use;
free of charge if given employment. Box
2056/ Call office.
YOUNG widow wishes Situation as housekeeper
in widower's family; fond of children; good
cook: city or country- Address 11., 615 Lar-
kin st. "
A NEAT and reliable girl would like a nice
place in a small family; is a very good cook
and housekeeper; best of reference. Call at
4G Grove st '
YOUNG lady assistant bookkeeper, legible pen-
man and cashier, desires position; hours, 9 to
4; salary $3 per week; references. Box 2058,
Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to
get place ns working housekeeper in country.
267 Stevenson St.
YOUNG woman from the East wants general
housework: small washing. 3993 Eighteenth
st., near Noe.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work In fam-
ilies or at home. 91SA Sutter st. telephone
Larkin 962.
A YOUNG lady ' wishes a place as working
housekeeper. Call at 307 Fourth st., room 13.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants housework and
cooking. 1113 Fifth aye., South San Francisco.
WANTED by a trained nurse, to care for In-
valid: moderate wages. Box 2193. Call.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission st., ivom 1.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofrice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia it v •- ;■■■■:
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
MAN and wife with one child wish to take care
of or work on ranch; man good farmer and
wife is a good cook and housekeeper. Ad-
dress 28 Eighth St., room 77.
EUROPEAN valet and experienced Invalid
traveling attendant wants a position: speaks
French, German and English; local and Euro-
pean references. Address box 2253, Call office.
YOUNG man, age IS, wants work In a grocery
store; can furnish good reference. Address
E. A. P... box 2256, Call office.
SINGLE middle-aged man, experienced in poul-
try raising on a paying basis, familiar with
incubators and brooders, able to put up nec-
essary buildings, understanding vegetable
raising and general farming, wants position
with party going In the chicken business, or
would work on shares; first-class references.
Addrees box 2283, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cutter out of position owing
to his service during Spanish-American war
desires a oosltlon In city or country as cut-
ter; doesn't ask big salary; will guarantee
satisfaction. Call or address W. DIDERRICH.
4621 Eighteenth st.
WANTED, by a married man. steady position
. in wholesale or retail grocery or drug store;
6 years' experience; living wages, with chance
for promotion. Address or call W. G. X..
732 Howard st.
SOBER, competent. American, with small
family, wants position as working foreman
on ranch; understands grain, fruit, stock and
poultry raising. Address P. O. box 15, Oat
Hill, Napa Co., Cal.
COMPETENT hotel clerk,' young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation; city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271, Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and prac-
tical; can handle any kind of engine; all
kinds of repairing, pipelining, etc.; first-class
references. Box 2142. Call.
PIPE-FITTER— Steam, water and gas; good
experience with pumps, boilers and engines;
will find tools If necessary; good references.
Box 2278. Call office. .
MAN and wife wish positions; wife first-class
cook or laundress, man In or outdoor work.
. 94S'/i Mission St., room 9.
WANTED— A posirlon as blacksmith fcr a
sawmill; railroad and woods work. Address
box 2276. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man; talks French. English,
Italian fluently. White or call 23 Hunt st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia Bt. . ■
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optlolan.
1071H Market St., San Francisco. Exam, free-.
FLATS TO LET.
C^NTRAL~avXr6S6, near Hayes st.— Choice up-
per flat, 6 rooms, bath and large basement.
FINE sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath, basement;
rent cheap. 2913 Bush st. near Lyon.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent $12. 1718 Leavenworth st.
FLAT— 6 rooms, yard and cellar. 519 Grove St.;
j rent $15. -
I FLAT of 5 nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento St.,
near Jones.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FOR sale or to let, a newly furnished sunny
flat, 8 rooms and bath; 878 Broadway. In-
quire 1402% Powell St.
GROVE. 364, near Franklin— Sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; $20.
HARRISON, 981 near Sixth— flat; 6
rooms, bath; rent $22.
MODERN flat, 7 rooms and bath; marine view;
sunny corner. Taylor and Green sts. ; $27.
NEAR City Hall— 3 sunny modern flats; 5 and
6 rooms and bath each. 26 Grove St.. 25 and
27 Birch.
NEW sunny flat; 7 rooms and 2 kitchens: lat-
est improvements: bay windows. 417 V» Third.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1445 McAllister.
NINETEEN and Noe, northeast corner— Four
■ rooms, modern; $14; water free.
NOVELTY in flats. 3 rooms, bath, all Improve-
ments to make home comfortable. 1627 Folsom.
PAGE. 132— Upper part of 2-story flat; 6 rooms
and bath.
SCOTT. 1713, near Sutter— Five rooms and
bath.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073—106 feet from Castro
cars; upper 5 rooms, large lot; $15; water
free.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st.
$11— NEW lower flat; 5 rooms. 24 Maple court,
off Fourteenth st. I
$16— FOLSOM. 909. near Fifth: new bay-win-
dow flat; 5 light rooms; bath; gas; *übs.
$16 50— GEARY. 1917; 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet:
nice yard; cellar; gas; furnished hall; op-
posite the park.
2 CHOICE sunny fiats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
$20— LOWER flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
sink 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2105 Jones st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting. 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.
X ATOM A. 645— sale, the furniture of S
rms.; complete for housekeeping; $7.">; rent $11.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11S1 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furniture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllverateln, 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS, jETO
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan toques, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny; top floor.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A BOARDING-HOUSE cook, country. $30; 2
cooks, city, $30 and $25. Housework— Palo Al-
to. $25; Berkeley. $25; Alameda, $20; San Ra-
fael, $25; Oakland, $20; Elmhurst, $15, and
several other towns. A number of housework
girls, city, $25. $20 and $15; 20 young girls to
assist, $12 to $15; 2 waitresses, Hanford, $S0
each: 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city,
$20 and $25; German nurse, city, $20. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Putter; phone Main 661.
COOK. San Rafael. $25; see lady he-re Tuesday.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
A NEAT Eecond girl, city, $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl to assist in housework; $10 j
to $16. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
A— HOUSEWORK. San Rafael, $25; Alameda,
$20; Oakland. $25; Sausallto, $20; Berkeley,
$25; 12 housework girls, city, $25 and $20; 15
young girls to assist, $10, $12 and $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A GOOD strong woman to house clean for
two weeks; ?1 25 per day; see lady here;
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young nurse girl, $10, sleep home;
2 girls to assist, $12 to $15, sleep home. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WANTED
Lady cashier for nice restaurant In city,
night work, $7 per week and board; laundress,
country hotel, fare advanced, $25 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. ,
L. O'BRIEN— If you will please come down to
ISI4 Market, we can give you a steady posi-
tion on custom coats; try and come the first
thing In the morning and do us a favor; you
get good pay here.
LABELERS— two experienced label-
ers. Apply 'Immediately, California Can-
neries Co.. Limited, 425 Brannan St.; steady
work.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
st. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32V4 Fremont st,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on coats, pants and vests; best
wages in the city. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats; good wages; steady work. 138
Russ st.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
FINISHER and buttonhole maker on custom
coats. 36 Grove st. .
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 2111
Geary st.
FINISHER on custom pants. CHARLES
COOPER, 622 Clay St.. room 18 A.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid whil«
learning. 14 Grant aye., room 72.
OPERATOR on custom coats; steady place.
120 Sutter St., room 64.
TAILORESS on custom coats; steady work.
222'^ Fulton st.
GOOD talloress; one that makes buttonholes;
call early. 1282 Folsom st.
GIRLS to help on skirts; pay while learning.
&GS Mission st., room 7.
WANTED— Talloress on vests; steady work
and good pay. 854 Folsom st.
GOOD German girl: general housework; good
wages. 933 Halght st.
GIRL for general housework; three In family.
Call from 8. to 12. 1275 O'Farrell at
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
$12 a month. 456 Bryant st.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice. 641%
• Stevenson st. • -.-■'■•■
TWO tailoresses to work on military suits.
2804 Greenwich st -
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 Green St., near Mason.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 91514
Putter st. ■ • '■
COAT finishers on coats; $10 per week. Call M
to 1. 251 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— A competent German nurse girl.
Call to-day 1305 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework. 279
Ivy aye.. near Gough st. -
GOOD German girl for - general housework;
good watres. 629 McAllister st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St., bet. 4th and sth, over handball court.
COMPETENT German cook; good place; $30.
Inquire 418 Powell st.
COMPETENT second girl, short distance, 2
in family; $26. 418 Powell st.
YOUNG German girl take care of 1 children.
$20. 418 Powell st. :.
WANTED— or woman to assist housework;
good pay. 314% Clementina st.
GIRL for dining room and kitchen help; good
home for right party. 443 Third . St.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. hXnSE>T~&^O^ pIiONE~7}RANT~IS
2 waitresses. Stockton. $20; 4 waitresses, Va-
llejo, $20;. 2 waitresses, Salinas, $20; 2 wait-
resses, Bakersfleld, $20 (arm work), fare here;
waitress. Bakersfleld, $20; waitress, $20, San
Mateo (see party here at 10 o'clock Monday);
waitress, restaurant,- San Jose, $25; waitress,
city, $20; restaurant waitress, city. $6-$7 week;
cook, small hotel, country, $30; cook In deli-
catessen store, $26; laundress. Institution, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED girl for candy store, $7 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for day's work. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
40 GIRLS for city and country for general
housework. $15-$3 O. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Finishers and buttonhole makers
on custom coats; steady work. 234 l Sixth.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work. 214 Seventh st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. Apply
1429 Webster st.
AN apprentice on custom coats; pay while
learning. 659 Clay St., room 7.
WANTED— GirI to assist In housework; no
cooking. 1448 O'Farrell st.
GIRL who can make good buttonholes and help
on custom coats. 784 Folsom St.
WANTED— Elderly woman to make herself
useful around the house; wages $10. Call 742
Fulton st.
LADIES' Operators wanted for the
country; steady work and good pay. Apply
Monday bet 10 and 11 at P. GREENBERG &
CO.'S. Flood building, rooms 28. 29 and 30.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework;
no washing. 1617 Baker st.
WANTED— First-class skirt makers at SCHIM-
' MEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter St.
GOOD finisher wanted on pants at 935 Market
st., room 16.
GIRL or boy wanted for kitchen help. 742
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— on men's coats; steady
work. Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 571 Market.
MAN and wife, with 1 child, wishes to take
care or work on ranch; man a good farmer
and gardener; wife a good cook. Address
E. F., 28 Eighth St., room 77.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait on
aged lady and assist In light housework; ref-
erences; wages $20. Call Monday between 2
and 4 at 2519 Bush st.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats. 835
Market St., room 16.
WANTED — Experienced skirt and waist mak-
ers. Apply A. HOFFMAN & CO.. 412 Market.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; good
wages; steady work. 410 Kearny St., room 33.
A FEW machines are yet vacant In our over-
all department; bright young girls will be
taken for Instruction; $4 to $10 a week can be
earned: steady work. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, corner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Energetic ladies desiring to make
money to call at 472H Thirteenth st., Oakland.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady work. 779
Market st., near Fourth.
OPERATORS on waiters' coats; steady work;
power. 636 Clay St., upstairs.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
EXPERIENCED operators wan*ed to take
work home on ladles' and children's wear. 723
Market St., room 35. : -"■'
OPERATORS wanted in factory to work on
children's coats. 723 Market St., room 36.
OPERATORS on body machine. U. S. LAUN-
DRY, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worK on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions Has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED —
WANTED— for steamer, $40: short order
cook and wife Al waitress, $60; cook for
men, $35; French or Italian restaurant cook,
$55; hotel cook, country. $40 to $50; night cook,
country, $35; oysterman, $8 week; restaurant
cooks. $10 to $12; second cooks, restaurant,
$14 and $15; night porter for restaurant, $25;
night waiter. $30; hotel and restaurant wait-
ers, $30 and $40; second butler, $20, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $50;
married farmer, with children, for steady
Job, near school, references required. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— CIerk for lodging house. $35; 25
scraper teamsters, $2 day; scraper holders,
$1 75 day: wagon teamsters. $1 85 day; farm-
ers for San Mateo, Contra Costa and Colusa
counties, $20 and $26; 6 almond pickers, $1
day and board; 6 almond sorters, 8c box;
blacksmith. $15 week; pressman, printing of-
fice. $S week; laborers for mines, woodsmen,
Jackscrewers, crosscut sawyers, $30 to $35,
fare advanced; 3 carpenters, free fare, ma-
chinist for country, $2 50 day; farmer and
wife $30; boy for store, $3 week; and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
OFFICE open Monday, 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as
laborers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages
of $1 76 to $2 75 a day, can secure It from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $1 75 to $2 75. for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS, $4 a day; helpers, $2 25; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE VALLEY ROAD FARE
4-horse teamsters, $2 25 a day; 2-horse team-
Bters, $2; laborers, $2. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS. 2 and 4 horse, for Madera: free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, $2 a day and fcund; stable-
man, $25; farm hand, $25 and found; 2 labor-
ers, city, $1 and found; lumber pliers, see
boss here. $30 and found; wood worker, $2 50
a day; blacksmith, city, $2 a day and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 BELL boys, same country hotel, $15 each;
porter and runner, country hotel, $20; neat
bell boy. city, $16 to $18; experienced elevator
boy with references, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER. $1 25 a day and found;
blacksmith helper, $2 25 a day. free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GRADING foreman, RR. camp; $50 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
7 ALMOND pickers; $1 a day and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO colored waiters, north, $27 50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
8 MEN for a salt works, $1 a day and found:
lumber pliers, $30; 8 men for laboring, near
city, $2 a day: 3 farmers, $25: 2 painters, city,
$2 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
3 LARGE boys for stock boys in a dry goods
store. C. R. HANSEN * CO., 101 Geary st.
10 APPLE pickers, Marln Co.; $1 a day and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel. $60; 4
cooks. $40; cooks, $7. $8, $9 and $12 a week; 3
waiters, same country hotel, $30 each;
kltchenhelp. $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED Driver and barkeeper for liquor
store $30 and found: butler. $40 to $50;
Indoor servant, $20; 2 gardeners, $25: man for
private place, $20; dairyman, $30; cooks,
waiters and dishwashers, city and country.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
MAN and wife as cook and to do chores, $30
to $35; country; fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. •
MAN dishwasher. $25 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MAN to do chores; $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN. 323 Sutter St. ,
A MAN and wife to work on a ranch. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Slitter st.
PORTER $20; kitchen porter, $20; dishwasher,
$20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.,
open Sunday 9 to 11.
WANTED — responsible drivers: must
have had experience, etc. ABC Delivery,*
408 Tehama st. ■
COMPETENT window trimmer and card writer
for country department store; $22 50 week; per-
manent position. REDLICK BROS.. 119 Bush.
DO you sleep? If so. give us a call at the
HOWARD. 549 Howard St.; good, clean beds,
10c, lEc. 25c and 50c; thoroughly renovated
and refurnished.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE boy on custom coats. 36 Grove
street. . : -■
MEN for I*4 hours' work a day, to clean for
room rent. 246 Third st.
BAKER ' wanted to help on bread. Call at 11
a. m., 3260 Nineteenth St.. near Howard.
WANTED Sign painter; steady work; young
man. 79 Third st. * .
WANTED— cook at HEALEY'S Res-
taurant. 1119 Market st.
BARBER wanted; steady, sober man; steady
work. Call at 744 Fourth St., near Berry.
WANTED— Good coatmaker. Inquire J. SMITH,
906 Market St. ■ • . . : :■>■.
HELP WANTED MALE.
& READY.. .PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment an# Labor Agents,
Want to-day from 7 a. m
A— MECH AN ICAL HELP
Roller man. flour mills Coopers
Wood turners Harness-makers
Carriage painters Mill bench hands
9 blacksmiths' helpers
Upholsterer and clerk Stiller for winery
Setter, sawmill Sash and door makers
Cabinet-makers Slate splitters
Blockmakers Stone masons
Lathers, mattress-spring makers, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— ..BOILERMAKERS^ BLACKSMITHS
4 boilermakers, steady country job •
$375 day and found
6 blacksmiths and helpers •
$2 50 day. $50, $40, $30 and found
Horseshoer, country job $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 2o CARPENTERS, new house building, free
fare, 12 miles from city, 8 hours' work.. s3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2s GRAPE pickers, Sonoma C 0.525. 525 and found
25 grape pickers, C. C. Co $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 3 MACHINISTS, near city.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO
126 laborers ami teamsters... s2 50. $2, $1 75 day
2 milk wagon drivers, $40; and other help.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— COOKS ... W'aTtERS ... DISHWASHERS
cook and assistant, country hotel fy>
2 cooks, wives, country hotel kitchens $50
cook and dishwasher, fare 25c $65
4 hotel cooks $55. $50, $40 and found
27 boarding-house plain cooks
$50, $45, $40, $30 and found
3 camp and mine cooks $40, $45 and found
5 ranch cooks $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
6 restaurant first, second, third and fourth
cooks $14, $12, $10 week
37 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
C 9 dishwashers $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A ARE YOU MARRIED?
Man as porter, wife as waitress, country
hotel $40 and found
man as waiter, wife as chambermaid,
country $40 and found
man and wife, country hotel kitchens
$75 and found
milker, and wife as cook $40 and found
4 farmere and wives $40 and found
2 cooks and wives, for hotel kitchens,
country ..$5O and $40
man as cook, wife as chambermaid, country. sso
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63C Clay St.
A— 6 PORTERS, 4 bell and elevator boys, 1
Janitor, 2 pantrymen and boys
$30, $25, $20, $15. $10 and found
tamale-maker Icecream-maker
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— BAKERS.. BEDMAKERS..LAUNDRYMEN
3 first 7 second 4 third and bakers
also boys to help and learn business $40
$35, $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
3 laundry men ■.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARE PAID COAL MINERS
SALT LAKE CITY
50 coal miners Come see us $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MINES MINES MINES
6 miners for a gold mine $2 50 day
26 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) $60
42 laborers, fare $2 50 (no experience)
$34 and found
22 laborers, big mine $63 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 23 STONE AND CONCRETE MASON,
RUBBLE WORK $3 50 day
12 laborers, above Job (no expevfence), fare..
$150 $60
20 slate splitters. 40 blockmakt-rs $75
MURRAY * READY, 634 and 636 Hay =t.
A— s3o ANi' POUND FRUIT AND
GRAPE PICKERS.... S3O AND FOUND
655 men and boys (anybody will suit)
fares from $1 25, office fee $1, 80 to 90 days'
work
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARES.. .SHIP TO-DAY
to 36 sawmills and woods in California
284 laborers, no experience required, $26 to $10
per month and found eneat crowds going
also woodmen and sawmill help of every
description, $90, $80. $70, $60, $50, $40, $30 and
found
woodchoppers, ttemakers, shingle bolt mak-
ers, etc., by the thousand, $2 50. $2, $1 50, $1
cord, 12c each
we pay y ou r fares
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FREE.. ..WE SHIP YOU FREE. ...FREE
drillers, hammersmen, laborers, teamsters,
stonemasons, concrete masons, etc
to every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.); board
and lodgings, $4 50 week; wages from $3 50
day
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
engineer, hoe downs, cleaner tenders, fork-
ers, 4 laborers to work around thrasher, sack
sewers, straw bucks, derrick forkers, fire-
man. $4, $3. $2 50. $2. $175, $150 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady jobs
$35, $30, $26 and found
9 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— S STABLEMEN, city or country
$35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMEN AND BOYS
83 choremen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work in factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc., $40, $30, $25, $20,
$15, $W and found; by the day
MURRAY <fr READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A-BIG WAGSs
26 laborers, fare f>oc, no experience $60
23 teamsters, 2 horses, fare 60c $2 25 day
29 laborers, no experience $63
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $150 $60
189 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. $2 75. $2 50. $2. $175 day
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES
25 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, with board and lodgings
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MAN to work around mine; wife to cook for
10 men (no other women): $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
tot 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket^st.
BUSH ELM AN wanted. Apply to CHARLES
LYONS. 721 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers and basters to work
inside by the uiece or week; also one good
bughelman. Apply S. N. W r OOD, 718' Market.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs and living rooms;
owner retiring from business. See STOLTZ,
630 Market st.
Ul'H' 'I.STKKKK. who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1512 Polk st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel Barber
Shop.
WANTED— First-class coatmnker; good wages.
410 Kearny St., room 35.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing at 611
Laguna st.
STRONG boy for fruit store; Bteady place.
11D5 Scott st.
WANTED — Rlacksmlth'e helper used to wagon
and buggy work. 406 Eleventh st.
TWO good waiters. 112 Fourth St., Philadel-
phia Restaurant; call early.
WANTED— Electrician to run hoist. Address
box 22M, Call office.
PRESSMAN on pantaloons at 734 Montgomery
st., room 1.
WANTED— Good coat maker on custom coats.
Apply 233 Third St.; steady work.
BARBERS— First-class barbers wanted at 2814
Greenwich st., near Presidio; no graduates.
WANTED— CIerk for lodging house. Call at
Lindell House, cor. Sixth and Howard sts.
YOUNG, strong man, with experience, to help
on cake. 911 Larkln st.
BARBERS— SSO buys 3-chair shop: rent $10;
good 10c trade. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted at 3 Jackson st.
ERRAND boy in wholesale house; must have
reference. Apply GRAF BROS., 669 Market.
DISHWASHER wanted at 17 Washington st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 613 Clay at.
DISHWASHER— ReIiabIe, sober man; good
home for right party. Call 448 Third st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 629 Davis St.
FIRST-CLASS painter wanted at 1709 Market
et. at 7:30.
WANTED— Sign painter; first class; 8 o'clock.
37 Eighth st. G. W. GIBB.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; weekly
wages. 791 Mission st.
JAPANESE for housecleanlng; lodging-house.
Call 41S Ellis st. this morning.
BARBERS— Paying 3 chair shop; $90: on ac-
count of sickness. 203 Montgomery aye.
GOOD steady boy wanted to run errands. 2910
Lyon st.
WANTED— Young man to drive small route and
assist in dairy, $20 & fd. 220 Point Lobos aye.
WANTED— Plumbers' helper. Apply at 1017
Folsom st.
WANTED— Good cook at Manhattan House.
825 Battery st.
YOUNG machine hand; also varnlsher. Fur-
niture factory, 3071 Seventeenth st., near
Folsom.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Military tailor. 2520 Greenwich Bt
HELP WANTED—MALE.
Furnacema"n"for quicksilver mine, $65 per
month and house rent free: steward for res-
taurant in city, night work. $10 per week;
Jackscrewers, crosscut sawyers, swampers
and laborers . for lumber yard, railroad, $26
to $35 and found and fare paid.................
3 farmers near city, steady j0b.. 526 and found
cook and wife for orange grove. $4o; -end oth-
ers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city; refer-
ence required; $35 per month and found. W.
D. EWER. & CO.. 610 Clay st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks- only institution teaching tbe tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed, call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers, wages
$175 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E B. STONE'S, camp, near ban Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road. _^
WANTED— Good man with a few thousand
dollars in an old established manufacturing
business; will stand full Investigation. Box
2134. Call office.
WANTED— At once, several first-class sign
painters; bulletin men preferred. Address
THE CURRAN CO.. Denver. Colo.
i i BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
i organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
SAILORS and ship carpenters- for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis St.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sta.
HOUSE carpenter; can take good part worlc
in rent. Box 2250. Call office.
STRIPPER wanted. 3249 Sixteenth at.
TAILOR wanted. 2809 Greenwich St., near Pre-
sldio.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2809 Greenwich st,
near Presidio. '
BARBERS— Good shop in country for Bale.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— ladies' tailor. FRAN-
CIS, 796 Sutter st.
THIRD-HAND baker; $30 per month, board
and lodging. 115 Oak st.
WANTED— First-class presser on pants. 373
Minna St.; upstairs.
BOY with some experience in men's furnishing
goods, at LUBIN'S, 611 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Good barber with references. Amer-
ican barber shop, San Luis Oblspo, Cal.
MEN wanted at 639 Bryant st.
! FIRST-CLASS men for brickyard. South San
Francisco. San Mateo County.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
I to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
I BOY to learn plumbing; state age and wage»
expected. Box 2045. Call office.
WANTED— 2 men of energy; straight* salary
paid. Apply 8 a. m., 300 Post St.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S line calf shoe* to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard St.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE, 138% Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
I 200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 86314 Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
I WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
U. C DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
'. MY BEST BARGAIN .
. TO-DAY. 44-ROOM CORNER
. COST $2500: PRICE $1200
64 rooms; best in city 1.600
12 rooms on O'Farrell st. ; large yard $375
14 rooms en Mission st.: clears $50 600
SO rooms, corner; rent $55 750
15 rooms on Turk, near Market 650
48 rooms on Market st. : rent $75 1.800
48-room hotel in Oakland 2,600
80-room house; clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,000
11-rcom house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $2."0 2.200
60 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat $150; 8-room flat 360
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,600
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
COWING & CO. 895 Market st. ; bargain to-day.
65 rooms; north of Market st $4000
37 rooms; Sixth St.; one floor 1200
22 rooms; all light rooms 1800
21 rooms; on Market and Sixth ste 1100
10 rooms; GoKlen Gate aye 400
12 rooms; on Third-st. corner 300
28 rooms: Jones st. ; rent $90 1500
17 rooms; Hyde St.; rent $75 80)
8 rooms; Howard St.; rent $20 200
A— R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
Over Wonder Millinery Store.
14 rooms; Taylor St.; good house $650
17 rooms; rent $65; central 900
24 rooms: Fifth st. ; rent $50 550
46 rooms; rent $75; corner 1200
40 rooms; corner; rent $S0 1250
Money to loan at 2 per cent
— SNAP: 45 rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented: near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
! $450—20 ROOMS: finely furn.; north of Market;
j all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
ROOMING house: centrally located; must ba
sold to-day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
A LODGING-HOUSE within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st. for sale on account of death: sacri-
fice. Inquire KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
LODGING houses to suit, at honest prices:
money to loan buyers. Call PACIFIC COAST
EXCHANGE, 1007*6 Market st, near Sixth.
$1000— SPLENDID corner of IS rooms: Post St.;
paying; many others. HUNSAKER, 6 Eddy.
NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704
Howard st.. cor Third. —El
I LODGING houses— before buyln^fand sell-
ing. Pacific Room Rpnting Co.. 426 Kearny.
HOUSES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES. j COTTAGES.
811 Mission, 9 r..537 50 714 Waller, 7 r....525 00
9 Sixth 6 r 32 60 121 Cedar aye., srlSo»
756 Folsom, 7 r... 21 0011241 Sanchez, 5 r.. 13 00
731 13th, 6 r 20 4220 26th, 5 r 12 00
1333 Howard, 6 r. 19 00 637 Jersey, 5 r 11 00
SG2I4 Folsom, 6 r. 18 00 I 3316 26th. 6 r 12 50
233 Duncan, 6 r.. 16 00 17 Erkson Crt.. 4 r 11 00
I HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL,
10 Montgomery st.
TWO-STORY corner house: 6 large rooms and
bath; wel'.-llehted basement: marine view.
2333 Leaven worth st.. corner Chestnut.
FURNISHED house of 9 rooms; convenient to
all car lines. 1564 Jackson st. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1205— House of 6 rooms,
bath, yard, etc.; entirely renovated; $25.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717— Two sunny, modern houses
of 8 rooms and bath: newly papered. ,-
NICE tenement of 3 rooms; hall; yard; rent $9.
182 Hickory aye., nr. Gough st.
I REAR: 4 rooms and stable; $10. 'Apply 2618
Mission at.
1 — FINE house. 6 rooms, bath, basement and
1 stable. 1109 Shotwell st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Lodging-house of 60 rooms or up-
ward: must be reasonable. Address LODG-
ING-HOT'SE. Box 1342. Call office.
LOST AND FOUND. '
LADY'S gold watch lost Sunday either at Clift
House or Park; initials "K. F." outside and
inside. Return to L. E. BORN, Cafe Zink-
and reward $10.
SILVER-LINKED bracelet Saturday on Clay-
ton. First or Market; reward. Return to
KENDALL, 59 First st.
LOST— About August 15, a gold I O G T
badge; reward of $1 50 will be paid for return
of same to Call office.
ON Market St.. Saturday afternoon, steel
bead purse. A liberal reward on return to
owner, IC2S Fell st.
SILVER watch and chain; initial "M." out-
side case; reward. 627 Pine ai.LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook" wTth^'llibTr^uTsa^lngs
The finder •will please re turn to bank.
1^" 1 ,£»•*«<* shl Bretagna, black
poodle dog; liberal reward. Retun\.to ship.
L<^lr b £ >wn water spaniel answering to the
name at Sport. Suitable reward at 611 mis.
LOST— GoId ring; name on inside John Krisha.
Return to 427 Fourth st. ; reward.
MEDICAL. —
DR. WONG WOOriiert7"d^t^ri:hlne6e"tei
and herb sanitarium, 764-765 Clay St., i-«?«
Francisco; all diseases cu;-«d exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:80 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
DR. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly of
4CI an Ness aye. and 13(2 Market St.; now
at lls Eddy, one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
B tot . it; ; j bct.*| Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free. 542 Post, bet. Hyda and Larkin.
MRS. DR. GWYER. "ladies' physician. 510
EdJy st. bet. Hyde and : .■■■■-..
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1228
Market st. het. Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 yeara. 318 Kearny st
MRS. DR. WEOHSNER, ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. (12 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 223 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 8 a. m. to » p. :r..
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all d's-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALe!
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-ia7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars," mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
slon St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
GOOD Caligraph typewriter, $25; get particu-
lars. 1.. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery st. <
A— ST. BERNARD (at the stud): Diablo II;
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast; prize
winner; fee $20. -..awn Kennels. Ingieside.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
•econd hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor. $6; 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new. cost $70, for $«5: 500
loaded shells. $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors.
SEO Market st. • •
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
FIRE and burglar-proof safe for sale and
National cash register. 42 Main st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine: 15 H. P.: complete and
flrst-clasß shape. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELVS C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gifts or at the D- c Hospital.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up-
right pianos. Room 12, Flood building.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
. bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead Lars; long Job. E. B.
STONK K'~T--:r«t
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, cr any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and" carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity ; sec us first:
ynu will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donoho< bids.. 1170 Market st
LOANS en furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. i
ANY amount of 6Vi per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and w-
elry at the lowest rate?. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
nONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
\. RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
( " monds. Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bids.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 21 mortgs. :
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indoraer. .TOUSLEY. 532. Parmtt big.
IF your property Is mortea^td and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. *?. Market Ft.
MONEY WANTED.
'<¥-) WANTED; gilt edge; heart of city; 5 1
per cent Box 2152, Call.
* MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and 16 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
earns as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same eaey
payments and some good pianos for *3, $4 and
$5 per m.'nth. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers corner Kearny and Sutter
st« San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 28 and 30 O'Farreil St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BATCH of bargains In pianos:
Krard $.5 00
Cornieh 185 00
Smith & Barnes I*o 00
1 Steck. 1 Chickering. 1 Weber.
BENJ. CURTAZ & PON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAUVAIB'. "69 Market Pt.
BUY a DeSker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket St.. if you want the best.
A FINE Arlon piano. $30. THE J. dewing
CO.,* second floor Flood building. .
GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILS* SB STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
cut FVDID Stelnway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Room 10. Flood building.
GREAT sale of "Idoal Guitars" this week at
Mauvals*. 769 Market at. Get prices at once.
a i« T'PRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
A^wjmcg^ornuW Bros. 216 McAllister st.
1 TIPRIGHTS $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
A^, P « R ngSllowrto3 sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
rr r r-I ""JFK 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
W Fr% Bacon andJHallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — «»plnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZT 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
CHEAP StMnwsy upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st
EOIIMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Poet st. ______——
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gang. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
" MUI.LER. milker. r*na!rer.2Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
WANTED— TaiIor or pawnbroker to rent fine
corner Store: Kearny st.; also fine offices; $12.
SPECK &. CO.
<;TORE with fixtures, and two housekeeping;
TuSk.l. Apply 353 Fifth st.
"EMMA SPRECKELS bulldlnz. 527 Market st-
T>»irable offices. $18 SO to $20.
PALMISTRY.
mIiE~~NEErSa aRD ' pupil of Count St Oer-
ma £16 Geary St.. above Jones; .el«««:
offlc* hours. 1 to & p. m.: reading by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
"^SSORTMENT~of lra~pOTted rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 7»: pants. $3 7-,
nothing • higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Markets"': under St. Nicholas Hotel.
m"mf LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O-Farrcll to 132 Eddy st.
IUPTURE Plies cured; examination free.
Drs Mansfield A Porterfleld. M Market St.
> iiiPD a RORENBON; watchmaker and Jew-
J remold I to lo3 Sixth st. near Mt.slon. ,
PER SON A '«S.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic; us«d by
all leading; people: makes hair beautiful; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 121 Stocktcn st.
THE best Is what you want. At Lederer's
HalrdressSng Parlors they always suit you;
25c; good switches, $1; fine. $2 60; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 6c pkg. I^derer, 128 Siktn.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair soeclailsts. (trow hair
or no pay; book for stamp, t Eddy Bt. (
! A— LADIES' tailor-made suit* to order at
j wholesale figures. H. KRAMKR. 10 Bansome.
i IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth*
I Ing, call on B. COHEN. 167 Third st.
I OUR leather Is carved In Mexico: beautiful
t..- belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton et.
f JOHN L BOONE. I Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. ' American and Foreign
Send for circular. ! Patents Solicited.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that i
line on easy payments; open evenings. i
! ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to Jl 50 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— Lndies" or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
: RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tlon: guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
! SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market ?t, bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. TV O'FarreH. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 15 now.* ready for mailing.
I T. P. ANDREWS. 109 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
i DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment dally. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6. \
j DR C. C O'DONNELL, office and residence,
10Z1H Murker st bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WANTED— First-class business property in San
Francisco from $40,000 to $75,000; purchaser
will pay *i cash, balance in other first-class
unincumbered property. WILLIAM J. DIN-
GEE. rooms 15-16. 2nd floor. Mills building.
1 WANTED— First-class income property In San
Francisco. Value $40,000 to $50.0 1 X). with mort-
i gage of $20,000 to $30,000, in exchange for Oak-
land business corner.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Rooms 15-16, second floor. Mills building.
WANTED— Within 12 miles of city. 1 or 5 acres
of land; must be reasonable. Address box
2052, Call.
; WANTED— SmaII stock and grain ranch on
shares; partly furnished. Address H., 102£
Sixth Bt
. GOOD ranch to work on shares or lease: stats
particulars. Address box 2071. Call office.
REAL ESTATE CITY — SALE.
: MODERN new house at half its value; 9 rooms;
latest modern conveniences; beautiful loca-
tion on elevated ground; in Oakland: photo at
office. WILLIAM J. DINGEE. Mills build-
ing. San Francisco.
SPLENDID opportunities for Investment in
Oakland property. WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Mills building.
$1400— SACRIFICE: cottage, 5 large room?; lot
BxllE street accepted; near corner Market
and Fifteenth sts.; bank will loan $1300 at «
per cent. P. A. DOLAN, 636 Market st.
, CITY poultry farm; 7 nice lots; good house, 5
rooms; near school and electric cars; will
i rent or sell for $1000 on Installments of $12 50
i monthly. P. A. DOLAN, >""■ Market st.
j $5300 — EASY terms; new park residence, 9 sunny
rooms, finished basement, substantial and up
to Sate, fine location, large lot; Carl st., be-
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddy-st
line pass the door; Halght-st. cars transfer
to same at Maeonic aye. J. STIERLEN,
builder and owner, on premises.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6. 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
X— TWO-STORY store, flat and stables; !
524 Castro st. between Eighteenth and Nine- |
teenth, great bargain: cost $4600; 24:4x125:
! owner must sell; $4000 mortgage partly paid
; off: easy terms. WM NICOL. 410 Kearny st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them, i
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery St.
ON account of sickness we will Bell a $1400 j
lot, 25x114. for $700: great bargain. GEO. j
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
POINT RICHMOND townsite to sell; 24 acres;
lots to lease. G. W. HAIGHT, 401 California. ;
WANTED at — Good city properties for :
cash. Apply SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
: 2 LOTS cheap, or will trade for business of any
kind. 1237 Folßom st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; Fubecriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
$2500—3 ACRES. 1-story 5-room house, barn,
chicken houses, windmill, tank, small or-
: chard; will include 1 horse, wagon, cart,
plow, harrow, small tools, household furni-
ture and 300 laying hens: situated 1 mile
! from town. GEO. C. YOUNG, Petaluma.
$650—20 ACRES, all level. Lake Co.: 12 acres
improved; 8 acres oak timber; 2 acres bear-
ing orchard; small house; bargain for few
days; $850: 65 acres. Lake Co., 30 acres till- j
i able; balance rolling; 5 acres bearing or-
-1 chard; house 5 rooms; another bargain. C.
F. MOORE. 935 Market St., room 6.
i FOR SALE— acres In Contra Costa Co., half
a mile from new railroad; good house, barn.
fine orchard of Deaches and almonds: easy
terms. For particulars write box 31. Brent-
wood, Cal. |
! RESISTANCE vineyard in full bearing; healthy
; location. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77T'- 7 Market
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get .list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
CLAY. 1026— unfurnished rooms and bath
for housekeeping; $13 50.
' EDDY 915—3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
! ELLIS. 51S — Newly furnished housekeeping
I rooms ground floor; reasonable.
j FIFTH. 309 (new corner house) — Sunny house-
keeping rooms; also sunny bay-window rooms
for gentlemen; grates and running water.
FULTON, 21S, cor. Van Ness— 2 Furnished
flats, 2 and 3 rooms; running water; coal
and gas range.
'■ GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 437— Newly and ele- j
gantly furnished parlor and bedroom suites;
also single. __^
! GOLDEN GATE ay«.. Three large Bunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone.
, HARRISON. 731—4 ms, furnished complete
for housekeeping, large yard, bath; rent $16.
HOWARD, TIS*H. bet. Third and Fourth— Fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: rent reason-
able; bath. . >
HYDE, 110— Three rooms; all furnished com-
: plete for housekeeping. j
j HYDE. Sunny furnished housekeeping '•
rooms with front view, and others.
HYDE, 505— Furnished housekeeping rooms; en
suite or single: $14, $11 and $3.
1 IVAN HOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpß. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up;ref.
LARKIN, 326 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete: gas range: bath.
I LARKIN', 816 A —Newly furnished sunny house-
i keeping rooms; gas and bath.
■ LEWIS, 13. off Taylor, near Poet— 3 furnished '
fro nt rooms; stove; $12.
MARKET. Sunny housekeeping suite; also
j 34 Sixth st. .
. MISSION, 907%— Neatly furnished rooms: com-
| plete for hskpg.; front bay-windows; sunny.
i NOE. 153. block north of Market— pleasant
| front rooms; upper corner flat; gas stove; $12. j
i OAK 119— Large sunny front room: central;
clean furnished for housekeeping; closet; $8.
! OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Sunny front
room, mantel, folding-bed, kitchen, gas stove.
PINE. 1300—2 sunny furnished front rooms;
folding bed; gas range; $15; also unfurnished
basement.
RINCON place 28. off Harrison, bet. First and
i Second— Sunny room with fireplace and kitch- j
| en; lady or man and wife; no children.
SEVENTH, 192, Girard House— l large sunny
unfurnished room; furnished suites.
SUTTER, 2620*4— Furnished parlor, bedroom,
dining-room, kitchen, bath; no children; lady j
will board for rent. j
TURK. 126—2 sunny furnished rooms, one front,, j
suitable for light housekpg.; man and wife. '
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— or 8
Bunny bay-window rooms, complete.
VALENCIA, -.7— Two nicely furnished rooms.
VAN NESS AYE., 1021— A Bunny front suite; 2 \
- or 3 rooms and kitchen; gas range.- - - ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
lencla st • '■■ > \
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pagM. In wrapper, for rnalmif, $1 P er year. |
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET Fan, and Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 141 Sixth"— Rooms,
25c to fl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. • •
A BRANCH ofnoe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st - ■■;■.. . -■ . •
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and i Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rocms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand. 146 3d — 200 lst-olass sunny rms..
uc to $1 day: Wo to 14 »k; also housekeeping.
AT Si Second st-, double rooms for week, $1 CO ,
to $3; single, $1 to $150; day, 250 to 50c. '■:
EVRNF.TT. 1426 Market told No. 1164)— Fu-
rnished mi* . suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 726— Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at $7 per month; private.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Oats
— Sunny corner; well furn. rmi. & offices.
DO you sleep? If so give us a call at the How-
ard, 543 Howard st.; good clean beds. 10c. 13c,
25c and 50c; thoroughly renovated and refur-
nished. - "'-/■"■' :
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 SO a week up.
EXCELSIOR House, 33 Turk. cor. Taylor— New
marst. ; sunny front bay-wind, rms.; trans'nt.
FOLSOM, S3o— Nice front room, with stove;
also housekeeping; single; $1 per. week.
GEARY. 14 A— Handsomely furnished suite;
also single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 754V4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all home comforts; $1
week up.
HAWTHORNE, 172, bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience: electric lights. ■
HOWARD. S29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovat-
ed: 25c to 50c per night; $1 SO to ?3 nor week.
JESSIE. 508. near Sixth— Sunny single and
double furnished rooms: rrct cheap.
JONES. 3,114— Elegant front room; furnished
complete; $4 per month.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 3S3— Large front room; furnished: gas.
bath; private family; for 1 or 2; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 36c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat. : baths.
BCOTT, 1717—4 pleasant sunny fnrnlshed
rooms.
SEVENTH. Nicely furnished rooms; sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market— urnished and unfurnished.
6IXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hlllsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator: transient.
STOP hunting furnished rooms: get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co.. »26 K?arny fit.
TAYLOR. 10*— Neatly furnished rooms; suit-
able for gentlemen; gag; bath.
THE MAI-FORD. 107 Taylor and 104 Turk-
Lovely ' sunny suites of rooms suitable for
dentist: also other rooms; fine transient. In
suites and single.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water: telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay.-
window rooms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD. 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up. '
THIRD, 303— Nice single rooms for men; 76a to
$1 per week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the ,
United States, postpaid, for n per year.
ROOMS W A NTED. ■
WANTED— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
upstairs; state price. Address box 2153. Call. |
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
. machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bouEht, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlnp :.t lowest rates 205 Fourth st- ■■'- ■'
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TO~whom it may concern— Mß. F. J. COR-
RIEA has disposed of his shares and inter-
est in the F. J. CORRIEA & CO. (a corpora- |
tion), and has withdrawn thererrom.
September 14. 1899. F. J. CORRIEA.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS. 995 Market St., office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants eject-i for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mfinttromirv ft. room* »-!"■ t»l *»;»V
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay ii.
PIERCE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell t»l Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NICELY furnished cottage In Alameda; near
, railroad station; large lawn and good gas
stove and all modern improvements; will rent '
for one year; cheap to good reliable tenant.
1716 Bay tt., Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS DR. FUNKK. 1418 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— Fine S-room house; all modern
Improvements; cor. Grove and Parker sts.,
Berkeley. See owners, J. "W. HAVENS, 2216
Shattuck aye, or 11. R. ABRAHAMSON,
50 Laurel St.. near Fablola Hospital.
FOR sale— a house of 6 rooms, bath and
cellar; modern: 5 minutes' from U. C. ; near
electric cars; lot 50x100; this is the cheapest
buy in Berkeley; lot alone cost $600. this
house has Just been built: $300 down and $15 I
a month at 7 per cent interest Address
Owner. 2137 Dwlght-way. ■
FOR SALE FOR CASH.
A house of 4 rooms, windmill and tank; close I
to ABhby: lot 40x130; all clear; $850. 2137 j
Dwlght way. . .
•FOR 4-room house, close to Dwight way;
$1100. Address Owner. 2137 Dwlght way.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
$5 PER foot— Fine lots; only three .blocks to
■ Berkeley local; north side of street: lot 40
feet front; street all sewered: must be sold.
Only five lots left; easy terms If desired:
this property Is in the midst of good improve-
ments, -and has been held at $10 per foot; a
quick sale ip wanted: one and a half blocks
east of San Pablo aye.
JAS. S. NAISMITH, owner. 452 Ninth st.
WHY not at once? Level-headed people who
desire to make and save money should take
advantage of golden opportunities offered. | "
■ Fine building lots in the Oallndo Tract, ad-
joining East Oakland. $90 up. Build your
home, or we will build It for you. See pres-
ent model homes now building; $10 cash, $5
monthly. Peralta aye., sewered and city
water, electric cars and fine schoolhouse.
CallXor send for circular. 455 Seventh st,
near corner Broadway, Oakland.-' Carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent with board in private family, a large
handsomely furnished ' room, ' with furnace
heat; 2 blocks from cars. Address A. W.,
Call office. Oakland. -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
~ ~ DIVIDEND NOTICES, r
DIVIDEND I.OTICE— Dividend No.; 71 (25c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 827 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, September 20. 1899. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 14,
1899, at S o'clock p. m.
B. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
—'• ■■■- ■ * " ' ,-. - -
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be- received' at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12' o'clock noon,
October 3, 1599, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., one locomotive crane, also
* a quantity of steel shapes, steel plates,
broken stone and lumber. Blank proposals
will he furnished upon application to the
Bureau or to the Navy Pay office. San
Francisco. Cal. A. P. KENNY, Paymaster
' General U. S. N. S-5-99.
UNITED PTATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building, Han Francisco, Cal.. September 12,
IS99— Sealed proposals for erecting double
draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Frultvale
. aye., near Alameda, Cal., will be received
here until 11 o'clock' noon, November 14, 1599.
Information furnished on application.
• W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
30BN. '
AHLIN— In this September 14, 1899. to the
wife of E. A. Ahlln, a son.
BURKE— In tins city. September 17, 1899, to
the wife of W. J. Burke, a daughter.
STEINHART-In this city, September 15, 1599,
to the wife of So! Stelnhart. a daughter.
_____
DIED.
Bag-ge Mary A. i ■ ■ Kearney, Thomas
Barbeau, Mrs. E. lading, Frederick C.
Bassett. Madison H. Levy. Daisy
Beglcy, David Lynam, Helene A. •'
Brown. Isabella S. . Slatthewson, General
Brown, John B. Joseph H.
Crofts, Mrs. Frances Merrell, Annie A.
Day. Thomas J. Pattridge. Robert K.
Dolan. Thomas Porter, William H.
. Dougherty. Lizzie Potter, Elijah ;
Gaden, George T. Quinby, Marian
Herlihy, John Relbll. Matthias
Isenburg. Benjamin Taylor. Frank F.
Jonas, Nathan Tegethoff. Sophia
BAGGE— In this city. September 16. 1599, Mary
A. BagKe. beloved mother of Miss Annie J.
PiiEEf and Mrs. Paul Airmar, a native of
Mallow, County Cork. Ireland, aged 72 years
an 1 is days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi- ;
dence, ?532 California street, thence to St.
Dominies' Church, where a requiem high
DUN will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at S:W o'clock. Interment Holy Cross ;
Cemetery.
BARBEAU- In this city, September 17, 1899. :
Mrs. K. Barbeau. beloved wife of Charles ;
Barbeau, and mother of Charles Jr.; Frank,
James sne Leon Barbeau, a native of Liver-
pool, England, aged 51 years and 6 months. j
BASSETT— In Sebastopol. September 16, 1899, j
Madison H. Bassett. aired 65 years.
(TyFun6ral from Sebastopol this day (Mon- '
day), at 10 o'clock. Interment at Petaluma !
at 2 o'clock.
BEGLEY— In this city. September 17, 1899, ■
David, beloved son of David and Mary Beg-
ley, and brother of Tessle and Mollie Begley, (
a native of San Francisco, aged 9 months and
M days.
BROWN— At Waldo Point. Marin County, Cal., j
September 17, 1899. Isabella Silva Brown, i
beloved wife of Joseph Silva Brown, and |
mother of Marie Silva Brown, a native of j
Portugal, aged 59 years.
BROWN— In this city, September 17, 1599, John I
8., beloved husband of Fanny B. Brown, and ;
father of Horace 8., Jessie W.. Clara S. and
Fanny E. Brown, a native of Illinois, aged j
67 years 5 months and 21 days. (Watsonvllle |
papers please copy.) ,* i "-:
CROFTS— An anniversary high mass for the i
repose of the soul of Mrs. Frances Crofts will
be sung In St. Dominic's Church, corner Bush |
and Steiner streets, to-morrow (Tuesday), at j
9 o'clock. Friends of the family are Invited i
to attend.
DAY— In this city, September 16. 1?99, Thomas |
J. Day, a native of New York, aged 66 years ;
2 months and 12 days.
CTFriendß are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day < Monday).
at 11 o'clock, at St. Stephen's Church. Fulton .
street, near Fillmore. Interment private, in
Mountain View Cemetery.
DOLAN —In Oakland. September 18. 1899, -
Thomas Dolan, beloved husband of. Margaret
Dolan, and father of Mrs. Nellie Meyer, a na-
tive of County Longford. Ireland, 4ped 65
years 6 months and 12 days. 4£? V
C7" Friends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1177 Fifth street, West Oakland, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose j
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter- i
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. September 17, 1599, |
Lizzie, beloved wife of James Dougherty.
beloved mother of Charles, Mary and Michael
O'Donnell, and sister of Rodger and the late
Barney Kearney and the late Annie Gibons,
a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 48 .
years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14 Federal-street, thence to St. Bren- !
dan's Church- tor services. Interment St. '
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via 2 o'clock creek
route boat.
GADEN— In this city, September 16. 1599. ,'
George T., beloved husband of Minna V. :
Gaden, a native of St. Johns. Newfoundland, ;
aged Co years. !
ETServiees will be held this day (Monday),
at 3 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fellows' }
Crematory-
HERLIHY— In this city, September 17, 1899,
John, beloved husband of tie late Ellen Herli-
ny, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at J o'clock, from the family resi- |
dence, 1316 Filbert street, thence to St. j
Itrieli's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of nis » ill,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount [
Calvary Ctrretery. Kindly omit flowers.
ISENBURG— In this city, September 16. 1899, i
Benjamin Isenburg, beloved husband of Ber-
tha Isenburg, and father of Hajei and Rosie ;
Isenburg, a native of Hessen-Darmstadt,
Germany, aged M years 5 months and 8 days. ;
(Cf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street. Services under the aus-
pices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 123, I. O. B. .'
B. Members of Laurel Lodge No. 4. K. of P.,
and Chebra Achim Rachmonlm are invited. j
Thence to Third and Townsend streets. 11:30 .
(.'clock train. Interment Hills of Eternity :
Cametaty, San Mateo County.
ALL members of Golden Gate Lodge, I. O. B. !
B . will assemble at B'nai B'rlth Hall, Eddy \
street, this day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock
sharp, for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother secretary, B. Isen- I
burg. By order of the PRESIDENT.
JONAS —In this city. September 17, ISO 9,
Nathan Jonas, beloved husband of Fanny E. ■
Jonas, and father of Maurice G. Jonas, a nar j
tive of England, aged 52 years.
[fir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows' I
Hall; 3:30 train to New Salem Cemetery.
KEARNEY— In this city, September 16. 1899,
Thomas Kearney, beloved brother of Mary
Kearney, Mrs. A. Cunane and the late Eliza- i
beth Gannon and Maggie Lazellc, a native
of the parish of Elphln, County Roscommon. :
Ireland, aged 45 years.
, Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi- |
dence, 867 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass ;
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LPJIDING— In Oakland, Saptember 16, 1899,
Frederick Chrlstoph. beloved husband of
Minna Leidine. a native of Bremen, Ger-
many, ared 75 years 3 months and 19 days.
[f3*The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1474 Ninth street, Oakland. In-
terment private, Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San j
Francisco.
LEVY— In this city, September 17. 1599, Daisy,
beloved daughter of Joe and Etta Levy.
LYNAM— In this city, September 17. 1899. Mrs.
Helene A Lynam, beloved mother of Thomas ;
Lynam and Mrs. F. Fletcher of Phoenix. |
Ariz., a native of Enzland, aged 76 years 2 .
months and M days.
MATTHEWSON— In Yountville, Napa County, ;
Cal., September 16. 1839. General Joseph :
Henry Matthewson, late of Virginia City,
Nov.. a native of Symosvllle, R. 1., aged \
C*. years.
MERRELL— In this city, September 17, 1899, I
Annie A . beloved wife of I. L. Merrell. and ;
mother of I. A. Merrell, Mrs. J. T. Carroll
and Mrs. G. N. Shaw, a native, of Brooklyn,
- N. V.. aged 63 years 2 months and 26 days.
EXNotice of funeral hereafter.
PATTRIDGE— At his residence. 1141 Twenty-
•seventh avenue south. South San ■ Francisco,
September 16, 1599. Robert Kirkwood Pat-
tridge, dearly beloved husband of the late |
Catharine Pattridse, an 1 beloved' father of ]
Robert Kirkwood Pattridge Jr. and Mrs. J. J.
Heyrlen, a native of Watertown, N. V., aged !
•72 years and 11 months. (New York papers :
please coDy.)
JC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors.
■ of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany 8 and 10 City Hall square. Remains at
his late residence, 1141 Twenty-seventh avenue
south South San Francisco, until Tuesday,
at 9 'o'clock a. m. Interment I. O. O. tF.
Cemetery. -
PORTER.-In this city. September 16, 1599, Wil-
liam H. Porter, beloved husband of Anna |
Porter, a native of Salem. Mass.,. azed 64 ]
years 4 months and 12 days. (Salem, Mass., ;
paper* please copy.) ■■. . ■
(tTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery- . ■ ,■•
POTTER— this city, September 16, 1899,
Elijah Potter, beloved I husband of Jennie
Potter, and brother-in-law of James Lockle
tiLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND "EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite • Lincoln School. ■
Telephone South 80. ' ■
I- -/■: meftvoY <£: ; co;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St.. between Eth and 9th.
Telephone South 247." ' '
I — —^ —————»«■«— S—MSMSS— ■■■— —■—■! |
and Andrew and Annie Dorward. a native at ;
Leeds, England, aged 37 year?.
E~?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from James Hagan s ,
undertaking parlors, 443 Valencia street, In-
terment Mount "Olivet Cemetery. ' '•
QUINBY— In this city. September 17, 1899, Mar-
lan, beloved wife of Albert O. Quinby. and
mother of Claude, Earl and Forrest Quinby,
a native of Wisconsin, aged 45 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
the California Undertaking Company. «B
Powell street, near Post. Interment at ;
Chico. Cal.
REIBLI— Sonoma, September 17. 1599. Mat- '
thias Reibll. beloved brother °* Mrs. M. Nei-
derberger. Mrs. A. Infanger. Mrs. A. Sclligo,
Mrs. A. Klser and Mr?. M. Koch, a native of
Canton Obwalden. Switzerland.
(C^Friends and acquaintances axe, respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 10 o'clock, from the home of ;
Mrs. A. Riser at Embarcadero, thence to St.
Francis Church, whore services will be held.
TAYLOR— In this city, September 15. 1899.
Frank F. Taylor, husband of Sarah C. Tay-
lor, and father of Mrs. Hampton S. Field and
E. J. and W. F. Taylor.
(C 7 Interment at Sacramento, Cal.
TEGETHOFF— In this city, September 17, ISM.
Sophia, beloved wife of John B. TegethofT.
mother of Henry Teeethoff, and sister of
Fritz Cordes and Mary S. Asmussen. a na-
tive of Hansen, Germany, aired 35 years and
24 days.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 17. 1599, sp. m. i
The following maximum temperatures were
recorded from stations In California to-day:
Eureka M San Diego 70 j
Fresno > 98! Sacramento ?2
Los Angeles SO Independence $8
Red Bluff 96 Yuma 104
San Luis Obispo 82
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 50; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. It has fallen
slightly over California and Nevada.
Fair, warm weather prevails .over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains. The temperature j
continues high throughout the Interior of Call- |
fornla.
Conditions are favorable for fruit drying. !
Temperatures exceeding 90 degrees are reported j
from the Sacramento and San Jomjuin valley». ,
A temperature of 70 degrees Is reported at San
Francisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September IS. 1899:
For Northern California— Fair Monday; con-
tinued warm weather; light northerly winds in-
land: westerly winds on the coast with fog.
For Southern California— Fair Monday; con-
tinued warm weather: light northwest wind.
For Nevada — Fair Monday; continued warm
weather. '
For Utah— Fa I' Monday.
For Arizona— Fair Monday; continued warm
weather. "'.-
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair lion- ;
day; cooler at night: fresh westerly winds with
fog. \ ALEXANDER G. McAIIEE,
- Forecast Official.
*— »
Sun, Moon and Tide.
4 1
« -♦
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey— ;
Times and Heights of High and Low j
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to fan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters Occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER IS.
Sun rises .' 5:54
Sun sets '. 6:12
Moon sets 4 48 a. m.
13 iTimel |Timej ,Timej |Time|
£ 1 i Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 j Ft.
? L W H W LW " II W
IS ... 4:C: : 0.2 10:39! 5.6 4:21 0.9 10:40 5.7
13 ... 4:43 0.5 11:12 6.7 6:11 0.5 11:33 6.5
20 ... 5:21 0.9 ! 11:46 5.9 6:00 0.1
II W L W H W L '.V
21 ... 0:29 5.3! 6:00 1.4 12:22 6.0 6:46—0.1
22...! 1:24' 5.01 6:40 1.9 1:01 6.0 7:40-0.1
23 ... 2:22 1 4.6 7:23 2.4 1:43 5.8 8:39 0.0
24 ... 3:30 4.2 S:10 2.8 2:23 5.6 9:40 0.1
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the j
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The \
second time, column gives the second tide of j
the day. the third time column the third tide
end the last or right hand column gives the ;
!aet tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
JDnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
'' «>
Steamer Movements. •
<$) : 1 — $
TO ARRIVE.
• Steamer. I From. j Due.
Miami Seattle Sep. 18
Del Norte Wlllapa Harbor [Sep. 18
Crescent City... Crescent City [Sep. II
Tltanla Nanalmo 'Sep. 19
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 19
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 19
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 19
Colon Panama Sep. 19 j
Walla "Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 19 ■
Charles Nelson. iTacoma Sep. 20 1
Carm'th'nshire San Diego Sep. 20 '
Samoa Humboldt ! Sep. 21 I
Willamette .... Seattle Sep. 21 '
Wellington Departure Bay Sep. 21
Corona San Diego Sep. 21
Weeott . Humboldt Sep. 22
Mariposa Sydney Sep. 22
State of Ca1.... Portland '. Sep. 22 ;
Arcata 'Coos Bay Sep. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 22
North Fork Humboldt Sep. ' 23
Orizaba Newport ! Sep. 23
Umatllla 'Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 24
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. j Sails. ' Pier.
t f l
North Fork. Hnmboldt ; Sep. IS, 12 m Pier !
Luel'.a Tillamook Pep. IS, 9am Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. IS. . 2 pm Pi"r 2
Weeott IHumboldt 'Sep. 18, 5 pm'Pier 13
Snn Juan...: Panama Sep. IV 12 mfPMSS
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.lSep. 18, 10 am' Pier 9
Santa RoM.tSan Pleiso ISep. 19. 11 amlPier 11
Coquille RlvlGrays HarborlSep. 20 1..
Columbia ..(Portland Sep. 20, 10 amfPier 24
Australia ...'Honolulu Sep. 20, 2pm Pier 7
Pomona ....Humboldt 'Sep. 21, 2pm Pier 9
Cocs. Bay Newport '...|Sep. 21. 9am Pier 11
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt Sd.Sep. 23. 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego Sep. 23. 11 am Pier 11 \
State Cal Portland 'Sep. 25, 10 am; Pier 24 j
Bonlta Newport ISep. 25. 9 am' Pier 11
£__ . % <?'
Shipping Intelligence.
I «
ARRIVED.
Sunday. September 17.
Ptmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 hours from
Pan Dtero. etc.
Stmr Columbia," Doran, 59^4 hours from Port-
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Luella. Miller. 40 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr' Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. 85 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst, 35 hour* from San
Pedro. •'. i'-
U S stmr Pathfinder, Perkins. 48 hours from
San Die"O.
Br stmr Coptic, Rinder, 26 days 22 hours 34
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days
1 hour 7 minutes, and Honolulu 6 days 2 hours
2 minutes. • '.'■
P.r stmr : Manauense, .McNab, 20 days from
Hakodate.
■ • Bark Coryphene, Erlckson, 30 days from
Ugashik. via Unimak Pass 27 days.
Bark Merom, Peterson, 20 days from Bristol
Bay. . ■ ■ ""....' • •. - -
Bktn Fremont, Bowes, 15 days from Bering
Sea.
Schr Metha Nelson, Rice, 9 dnyg from Ta-
coma.
Fchr Corinthian, Korth, 2 days from Bowens j
Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 16 hours from
Bowens Landing. ' . ,
Schr Newark. Beck, 36 hours from Rockpcrt.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Nelson, 28 hours from
Bowens Landing:.
Schr Defender, Hellqulst, 8 days from Port
Gamble. ■■ ' -"
Schr Mary C, Madsen, 7 hours from Bollnas.
SAILED. . .
A:" ■■■■■•■■.. Sunday, September 17.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Tillamook, Anflndsen. -: — .
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka. !
J Stmr Orizaba, Nicolson,' San Pedro.
Stmr. Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
U S stmr Badger, Miller. — -. .
Haw stmr Aztec. Trask, Manila, via Hono-
lulu
Bark C D Bryant. Colly. Nanaimo.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, -■ — .
TELEGRAPHIC. :
POINT LOBOS, Sept- 17. 10 p m— Weather
thick- wind south, velocity 6 miles.
MEMORANDUM. ' , Y-
e Per belt Defender, at San Francisco, SeDt
17 from Port Gamble— On Thursday, Sept 14.
west by north 45 miles of Point Reyes, passed
through a number of piles from 60 to 80 feet hi
length. . DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 17— Bark
Oregon, from St Michael. •
POINT ARENA — Arrived " Sept 17 — Stmr
Whitesboro. hence Sept 16. . .
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Sept 17— Stnv Sequoia,
for San Francisco. * .
.. GREENWOOD— Sept 17— Stmr Green-
wood, for San Francisco. '• . ":
EUREKA— Arrived Sept Stmr Pomona,
hence Sept 16! ,, trnr Fulton, hence Sept 15! stmr !
Pasadena, from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 17— Schr Allen A. for Hllo! »chr ;
Mary Buhne, for San Francisco; stmr San |
Pedro, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr South !
Coast, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sect 17— Stmr San Pedro, for San ■
Francisco. • . ,
VENTURA— Pert 16-Stmr Geo Loo- I
mis. for San Francisco.
BAN DlEOO— Sailed Pent 17— stmr Car-
marthenshire. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 17—
Stmr Alcazar, from — .
Sailed Bept 17— Stmr Mineola. for Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Progreao,
hence Sect 13; Haw ship Euterpe, from Port
Ludlow".
Sailed Sept Stmr Cleveland,' for' St Mich-
ael: stmr Al-KI. for Dyea.
ASTORIA— SeDf Stmr State of
California, hence Sent IS* stmr Biirnal, from
Pugct Sound; I3r nhip Drumburton, from Hong-
kong. ■ ;......'...
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr La Cham-
ptign.\ from New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Sept 17— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 17— Stmr Etru-
riQ, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr WIN- :
land, from Philadelphia, tor Liverpool (put ;
in here).
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Sj^ Steamers leave Broadway
tofja»». wharf, San Francisco.
I Ks2lßl^_ r " or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. |
■ i^^fcr^K September 18, 23. 2S, October !
t mi*- 5a£3\51l 3 - ch:ir -i r * at Seattle.
CftvCtS \AI For Victoria. Vancouver '
4 KBEjhZ^gg\'; iH. <■'.). Port Town»«-iul be-:
. r^^jg&BA nttle, Tacoma. Everett, An.v :
cortes and New Whateom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
IS. 23, 2S, October 3. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. . N. Ry-; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 16. 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San. Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, I
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.,« September i 7. 21. 25, 29, Oc-
tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- I
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. SeDtember 15. 19, 23. 27, October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For En?onada, Magdniena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Massatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymes (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. ;.
TICKET OFFICE- New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. CO.
. ' DIBPATCH PAST BTEJ»an£RB TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«DC Sl2 First Class Including Bert*
IMIIL $8 Second Clas • and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5, 15, 25; Oct. 5, 15. 25 1
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20, 30; Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest. j
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Aerent.
€30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE. ,
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. j
St. Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. 11l
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. * New York Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 20 ! Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 1 Westernland Oct. IS
Friesland Oct. <! Kensington Oct. 2"
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding: freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY. I
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at ;
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for j
India, etc. No cargo received on board on Cay
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Friday. October 6!
HONGKONG-MART? Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offce,
421 Market, st., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
P* B*^ Wednesday. Australia
jSbMTSIS. Bails for Honolulu
•t**** ~ Wednesday, Septem-
H ™ ber 20. at 2 p. m.
Cij^V\ E - S - Mariposa sail?
JSfwnrchine) via Honolulu and
CyiCflllUllU Auckland for Sydney
mJflFfflF?£L» Wednesday, October
VVIHUUIMST 4 -at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,. :
England, etc. ; $510 first class.
I. 0. SPftECKELS & BROS. CO., Arts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Oftcs. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIE OENEHALS TRANSATLANTIC.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, ■
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. %int V
from Pier 42, North River, foot of - I> *^"'* >
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23; LA
TOURAINE Sept. 30; LA NORMANDIE, Oct. I
7; LA CHAMPAGNE, Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE,
dot 21. First-class to Havre, 565 and up-
ward 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $15. 10 per cent reduc '
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. Ft'- •
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom- ,
cry are.. San Francisco. ;
BAY AND B.IVEE STEAMEBS.
NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJoT
Steamer "MonticeUo." iv.
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock. I
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«BjB«m» Ferry.
Commencing ■ September 1, ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY ,
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; !
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15, •6:00, G:3O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For ■ Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00. *10:00. 11:00, . 11:20
a. ii:.: -1:00. 'IMS, ■ •2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 8:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays. .
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. :
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, *6: 7:55, S:4O, '10:20
a. m. 12:30. 2:15, *3:40. 4:3:.. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesdays :
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, *8:00, »9:45. »10:45, 11:45
a. m; 1:00, 2:20, *3:30, *i:l5, •6:00. 7:00, 10:15 j
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin. n
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35 |
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m. —
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. -,„"
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 10:08, 11:10 a. m.: 12:05,
1-20 1:40, 3:5.". 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S'Oj a m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p." m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAW JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23. 18S9, trains will run a3 follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Pasaen- 1 Mixed. Mixed, j Passen-
ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday | ger.
Daily." lExc'ptd Exc'ptd! Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9-10 am 2:05 pm \ Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10-40 am 5:35 pmj Fresno [ 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11-35 am 7:45 pml , Hanford i 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2-25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld | 2:00 am 11:00 am
11-59 am ! 6:25 pm . Visalla i 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare.: | 5:50 am; I:ospm
Stopping at intermediate points 'as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco. ■ .-"•"'-:--.-' '■■■-- j
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY '
Leave San Francisco, via. Sausaiito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. ISM. ■
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a." m., and 1:45 p. m. . .
Extra trip on Monday, <• Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 .p. • m., Return' Tig Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco . at .11:20
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 t a. m. and 1:45. 2:30 j
'and 4 p. m. •
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agtß.. 621 Market st. 1
AUCTION SALES.
I DAVIS, BELAU & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants, 115-117
' ;"•"■.-?>■ ■ - . - Bush Street.
THIS DAY.
ON MONDAY - ■ ■ September 18, 18S9,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
2511 PACIFIC AVENUE,
We will sell, 'by order of MR. JOSEPH EHR-
MAN, on account of departure for Europe,
ALL THE ELEGANT AND COSTLY PAR-
LOR. LIBRARY, DINING-ROOM AND
CHAMBER FURNITURE, Moquette. Wilton
and Body Brussels Carpets, Couches. Chairs,
Rockers. Tables, Sideboard, Paintings. En-
gravings, Works of Art, Ornaments. Glass-
ware, Crockery,- Kitchen Utensils, Fine Up-
right Piano." etc., contained in above residence,
to be sold peremptorily without reserve.
DAVIS, BELAU & CO.. Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
wtTnr.ns pacific compacts?
(PACIFIC BV^^TF.M.>
rrsina i«»i»»e mad itt*t° .|im* to nrrlv* at€'
t*xs mxxvtsv.i*.
(Main Lit.c. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Auocst 2, 1809. — Annrv»
7:CO.v Ecnicia, Suisun »nd fiicr.itncnto. . . . 5:-i.lp
?:OUa ilaryEvir.e. OrorUleand Uedding via
Woodland »:45r
7:00 a Eltciia, V»c»rille and Rnmsey 8:5«p
It*»M Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Cali3toga aril Mania Bom 0:I3»
»:OOa Atlantic Kil>rejs, Ogilon »nd ICast.. »»Is*
»iU<U San .lose, Llrermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacrauseuto, I'lacurvlilo,
Marysvlllo. Chlco, lied Bluff ««l»p
BiS«a •Milton, Oakdale and tf0n0ra....... 4:l»p
0:30 a Yosemite Valier »i» OakdaJe and
Chinese 411
8:00 a HarwardiNiles and Way Stations. 12:43*
S:OUa Martinez, Tr-.cy. Lotbrop, Htockton,
Merc d and ISiIOf
•iOOa Fresno, i;akerslicl<l Santa I! itlara,
Lea Angeles, Deining, l".l Pubo,
New Orleans and East •lOr
IO:OOa Vtllejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43?
1 1 :OO a Haywards. Nilea awl Way Stations. »:43*
12:00 m Kilos, Liicrniore, Stockton, Hecra-
mento, Mcndota, Hanford. VlsaUa,
PcrterTille 4tl»F
•l:OOp Sacramento ltiTcrBtenmcrs »Bioop
8:OOp Hayirards, Nil:* and Way Stations. B:-43p
4iUOp Martinez, Hau itAmon, Vallojo.
Nnpa, Cali»*og». Santa Rosa BilOa
«:O«r Bcnicia, VacavUle. - Sacramento,
Woodland, Ki;ii!Lt» Lan'llsz. ■■ j
Maryevllle, Orovllie IO:4»a
4«SOpNlles, Son Jojoaud Stockton 7:13p
<1:UOp Votienute Sleepicg Car for Raymond 18:lSr
O:OOpTho O>L Tracy. Frecno. Bakers-
field, Bancn3 for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. l»:43l
OiSOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12:13*
B:'Jop Martinez, Tracy, Meudcta, Fresno,
MojaTO end I.ob Angeles Bi4oa
0:8 Or Santa To Koute. Athtutio Express
fur Moiave ami East 6t43p
9:00 Chlcagc-Sau Francißco Specie!, Ogdeu
aud 15ast Sts©p
«iOO Hayrords. KilesardSan Jose 7:4i>a.
•fl:O«p Vailelo 12:1 Hf
|7:00p Vailejo, Port Cost» and Way Sta-
* tions- :»:»»*
fliASpOrecou .SucrafTiento, Marys- ""■'>■
Title. Keddi:>e. Portland, i'ugot
Hound awl Hart ; 5»154
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Janirn).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
l *Tt4BA Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station! J8:«5»
Bilsa Newark, Ccnterville,fe'anJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cnlz and Way
Stations «!»•»
*>ilOr Newark, Centervilla, Ban Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Sirata Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •!•:«•*
4ilSr San Jose. Ulenvocd and Way Sta-
tion*. OiSOa.
MtlSpFelton. Santa Crux and Way Sta-
tlonli />i«O A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rremSAK faiKClSCO— fed of Karktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00.. M. tI:C3 *2:03 13:30
•1:00 tS:OO *6:03 P.U.
frtBiOMUSB— col »f Broad "0:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
J12:!3 *l:03 12:00 «3:C3 ti:00 'S:C3r.M.
' COAST DIVISION (Broad Gange). r
(Third and Townsenil St 3.)
•«:sOa Ocean View. South Kan Prancirco.. *0»3«»»
«7:«Oa .San .Jose and Way Btatioua (Now
Almaden .Wednesdays only) «8:OOa,
17:30 a Sunday Excursion let Santa Cms,
Pacific GroTO and Principal Way
Stations tB:*3*
• :OOa San Jf>eo, Tres Pitioii, Hauta Gnat,
I'aciQc Grove. I'aso Kobles. San
Luis Oiuno, Surf, Locipoc and
Principal Wny tttftMoM 4slOp
■ •<4OA Sau Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... (1:35 A
11:30 a San Jose and Way (stations l-.aOr
•a: 13p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sun Jose.
UoUister. Bnuta Crux. Silicas,
Monterey and Pacific Grors »lOsa*A
•3:a«p Ran Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations # 7:30p
•4:15p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 0:43 v
San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:3sa
!J.-::Or" San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:<>9a
«i:iOp San Jose Way Stations »:»Op
t11:45'- San .logo and Way Stations t?;aOp
A for Morning P for A t iemoon.
• Sunday exempted. J Sanda/only. t Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIPOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC!
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m,; 12:85,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Li
and 11:30 p. m.
■UN DATS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:J\
6:00, 6:20 p. m. .■<-:
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:*5,
IAO, 6:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, I:4«. 6:05.
6:25 p. m. . ■
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
name schedule as above. " '
Leave • Arrive
Bar. Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
. i April 16, i
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Cays. days. Destination. days. Days.
. ' — — 4
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an*
1:10 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, | 8:06 pm 10:25 am
i:10 pm 5:00 prn Santa Kosa. 7:85 pm 6:20 pa»
Fulton, . . !
TOO am Windsor, 10:25 ask
Healdsburgr,
L>tton,
Geyserville.
8:10 pm 8:00 am . Oloverdal*, 7:85 pm 6:20 pml
7:30 am ! Hop i and and j 10:23 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 p:»
« „• ■ i
7:30 am (10:23 ana
I 8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm,
11:30 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an*
and • ■ ■ - "
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:10 am 10:25 an«
1:80 pm 5:00 pin: I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pn*
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska^g»
Springs: at Clovexdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland - Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
otter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, 1
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe,
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr'B Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, WUlltts. Laytonvllle, Cum«
wing's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer;
Scotia and 'Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle bM«,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN, j
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY.* AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY . DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. .
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1511. ;
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara St.
910
SMALLPOX REPORTED
AMONG VOLUNTEERS
A Case Developed in the Thirty-
First Regiment
Isolated at Once, With a Surgeon and Four
Men of the Hospital Corps Who Offered
Themselves for the Service.
THAT there are as brave men as have
gone to the war or are going to It,
is being proved out in the quaran
tine hospital at the Presidio. A sur
geon and four men of the Hospital
Corps have gone out on the hill with
a suspected smallpox patient, and alone
they will fight against the disease. There
will be no one allowed near them; they
will be cut off for weeks from their friends
and comrades, but they went willingly
when the call came and they hesitated no
longer than It took to say good-by.
The caso developed in the general hospi
tal, the patient being John C. White of
Company M of the Thirty-first Infantry.
Whito was sent to the hospital Saturday
evening. He showed signs of fever, but
beyond that there was nothing alarming
in hia condition until yesterday morning,
when he commenced to show symptoms of
smallpox. It is not absolutely certain that
the man has the disease, but the hospital
authorities are taking no chances, ami at
onoe White was ordered into quarantine.
He was sent out to the "quarantine" hos
pital, a small camp near the fortifications
on the hill back of the fort, and with him
went a surgeon, three men of the Hospital
< Jorpa and a cook. Everything in the
ward where White slept — bedding, cur
tains and the clothes of the patients— was
bundled out and taken to the formal
dehyde room, where it was given a thor
TWENTY-SIXTH IS HERE
EAGER TO CONTINUE ON
• I I \HE Twenty-sixth Infantry ar-
I rived yesterday. It came in two
Z. I sections from the wharf, two
& 1 battalions in the first and the
r -*■ third battalion in the second,
£ but it took six sections to make up
X, the train that carried it westward.
♦- The regiment iB from Plattsburg
Barracks, X. V., and is composed of
♦" men from all the New England States
$> with the exception of Connecticut.
f- All its field officers are West Pointers,
V and 30 per cent of its men have seen
$> service in the Spanish war. Colonel
♦- Edmund Rice, a major in the Third
J United States Infantry, is in command.
i* He had for his lieutenant-colonel
£ William P. Duvall, but Duvall was
$> made colonel of the Forty-sixth, and
♦■ bo the regiment comes here one field
£ officer short. ' The roster of the field
T and staff officers is as follows:
FLOODED THE
STATE WITH
BOGUS MONEY
Horton and Gray Are
Identified.
United States Marshal Shine regards
the capture of the counterfeiting outfit
•which waa found in the room of FrM
Gray, alias Woods, ' and George Mills,
alias Horton, as told in yesterday's Call,
as one of the moat important that has
been made for some time. The trunk,
containing the plant of the men, waa yes
terday removed to the office of the Mar
shal in the Appraisers' building.
Satisfied that he had at last run to
tnrth two of the most dangerous coun
terfeiters that ever operated in the State,
Marshal Shine lost no timti in telephon
ing to Captain Seymour, instructing him
to hold Mills and Gray. Mills Is now in
the Receiving Hospital suffering from a
gunshot wound in the foot, inflicted, by
John McCallum, a former paL
Gray was arrested at the time of the
shooting and Is being held as a witness
against McCallum. To-day formal
charges of counterfeiting and having
counterfeiter's tools in their possession
will be preferred against the men.
Mills, according to tiie police, Is one of
the worst crooks on this side of the con
tinent. His true name Is George Horton.
He is a brother of Sam Horton, a mem
ber of the reportorial staff of the Evening
Post. About five years ago Horton, alias
Mills, committed a series of burglaries in
this city, securing booty valued at over
$5000. J" it as the detectives were about
to arrefiL him he went to Alameda, whero
he was caught In the act of looting a
private residence. He was convicted
after a short trial and sent to Folson for
several years.
On his release from the penitentiary in
the latter part of August Horton went
to Sacramento, where he met Gray, who
was then engaged in flooding the northern
portion of the State with counterfeit dol
lars and half-dollars. Gray had his
"plant" with him, but acting on the ad
vice of Horton he shipped it to this city.
A day later the pair arrived here and
rented a room in a lodging-house on Grant
avenue. Suspecting that their movements
were being watched, Horton and Gray
had the counterfeiting outfit removed to
the house on Natoma street, where it was
discovered through the efforts of The
Call. They represented to tne landlady
that they were mining men from Mon-t
ough fumigation. Then every man and
woman In the hospital was ordered vac
cinated, and the order was carried out at
once upon everybody but the typhoid
fever patients. It was deemed best not
to risk complicating their cases.
Word was sent over to the camp of the
Thirty-first Regiment and steps to pre
vent possible infection were taken at once.
The tent ."White and others occupied was
j torn down and destroyed. The property
! of the sick man and of all his ten mates
was destroyed, and every one who has
been closely associated with him either in
the tent or in camp, was isolated.
The question as to wno should go out
i to the quarantine hospital with the pa
j tient was a serious one. Colonel Girard,
chief surgeon In charge of the general
hospital, did not wish to order any man
j to go out, so he called for voluntei rs.
I There was : a response at once, and he se
i looted Private Walter Doherty, nurse;
I'rivate August Zerbin, nurse; Private
Patrick Burka, orderly, and William
Banfleld, cook. Dr. John M. Wil
liams offered himself as the surgeon to
be placed in charge, but Colonel Oirani
preferred to have the matter decided by
lot. Lots were drawn among the offi
cers, and the l"t f>4l to the man who had
volunteered, Dr. Williams.
The surgeon and his four men gathered
I together what clothes they would nerd
j in their seclusion, and, making their pa
Colonel Edmund Rice, Major Ed
ward D. Anderson, Major Frank A.
Cook, Major Joseph T. Dickman,
Major Charles F. Mason, surgeon;
Captain John Bordman Jr., adjutant;
Captain F. A. Washburn, assistant
surgeon; First. Lieutenant R. S. Grta-
WOld, assistant surgeon; Captain
Reuben A. Whlpple. quartermaster;
First Lieutenant Frank E. Edward?;,
commissary.
The regiment has been well treated
on its way out here, and more than
one demonstration of welcome enliv
ened the journey. In Boston the men
turned out before an enthusiastic
crowd that blocked the principal
streets and the greeting the troops re
ceived was a heartfelt one, for a good
half of the regiment is made up of
men from the old Bay State.
When they reached here yesterday
tana, but intended to make this city their
home. Afu-r Inspecting: several rooms In
the house the counterfeiters finally Belect
ed the most commodious one, and' at once
proceeded to turn out bogus money.
It happened that Mrs. McCallum, the
wife of the man who shot Horton, learned
where the latter was stopping 1 , and she
concluded to pay him a visit, "just to
make her husband .iealous." as she ox
pressed It. She remainf-d only a short
time, and as she was leaving she was met
by Mc«'.'illum. who demanded an explana
tion. The woman rather proudly boasted
that she had visited Horton and defied .
her husband to prevent her from visiting |
him whenever she saw fit. McCallum I
swore to be avenged, and aftnr lying in
wait for Horton shot him twice as he was j
walking along Sixth street.
The landlady of the bouse where the
counterfeiters lived is greatly pleased
over their arrest.
"At first I thought they were respect
able men." she remarked last night, "and
did not hesitate to rive them a room.
The following day I Became suspicious of
their actions, but did not think they were
engaged in the business of counterfeiting. ■
The woman, who is mown as Mis. Mc-
Callum, called on them several times, but
as Cray told me that she was a relative.
of Horton I paiv. no attention to hei !
visits.
"The night before the shooting T was
disturbed by a row in the room occupied
by the men, and saw the woman being
thrown into the street. I then told them
that they would have to leave my house '
and they promised to do so the next day. !
Suspecting that they were opium fiends
I secretly entered their room and found :
TRIO OF CROOKS WHO ARE ACCUSED OF VARIOUS CRIMES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1899.
tient ready for the trip over the hills,
they left the general hospital with him.
There was no band playing as they left;
there were no cheering crowds; there
was none of the pomp and excitement of
parade. They went quietly away, like
men who know their duty and are fear
less in the face of it. In all the volun
teers there are none braver than these
men, lighting alone for the life of a
stranger comrade, and willing, for duty's
sake, to risk their lives beside him.
The going away of the Thirty-first Reg
iment may be delayed by the presence
of disease among its people so near
to the time sot for its departure. The
regiment was to have sailed on the Grant
to-day, but now she will remain here un
til the medical officers are satisfied that
the health of the regiment is perfect and
the commanding officer is willing to risk
a trip across the ocean.
The sailing of the Grant would have
been delayed over her scheduled time
anyway, as her refrigerators are not yet
ready, nor will they be ready until late
this evening or to-morrow. By that
time General Shatter will have decided
whether or not the regiment may go.
Every precaution for the safety of the
men has been taken; vaccination has been
made compulsory and every one exposed
to infection even in the slightest degree,
and the surgeon and his virus quill are
all powerful. But it may not be deemed
advisable to let the regiment start upon
a journey of such a distance until there
is no posible chance of harm to the men,
and so the Thirty-first Regiment may
have to give place to some other. It
will be hard on the men, for they were
the first here and they are more than
eager to be away, but the department is
taking no risks.
The Thirty-first came here at the end
of August from Fort Thomas, Kentucky.
ft was recruited in the Middle States and
rendezvoused at the Kentucky post, where
it remained some days before starting
westward. There was some talk of dis
ease at Fort Thomas before the regiment
gathered there, but no trace of it ever
bho wed itself among the men. Where
White caught the infection is not known,
but it is certain it was not at the Presidio
camps. He was absent without leave
for several days, and the theory of the
regimental officers is that he exposed
himself to infection somewhere in the
city. There are no ca.«es in the city un
known to the health authorities and not
isolated, so It is hard to see how the
infection could have taken place here.
The general opinion is that the disease
was contracted on the cars on the way to
this coast, if not at Fort Thomas itself.
Soldier Seized With Syncope.
George Morgan of Battery A, Third Ar
tillery, visited Fort Point yesterday
morning ■with two friends. On their way
back to the city Morgan complained of
feeling sick. A passenger on the car of
fered him a powder to relieve his head
ache ami he swallowed it. When they
reached O'FarrelJ street and Grant ave
n'ut Morgan suddenly fell to the ground in
an unconscious condition. He was taken
m the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wagon and after two or throe hours re
covered. Pr. Hopper's diagnosis of the
case w;is that the powder had acted upun
a weak heart and caused syncope.
morning they were dressed for the %
tropics, and their uniform included a -♦
novelty for the troops here—a brown '
pith helmet. Every man in the regi-
ment wore one. and th<>y were the sub- >
Ject of as much discussion as the ••
troops themselves. They make a ser- ■♦
viceable headgear, but they will hardly ♦
stand as much knocking around as the "♦"
old and long suffering campaign hat. *
The greatest care was exercised in :
the selection of the men who make up
the regiment, and, as a consequence, "T
the command is a remarkably fine _T
body of men. Every one in it has <:.
passed the inspection of at least three •♦
surgeons, each one more rigid than
the one before him.
A payday is being arranged for the >
regiment for the 24th inst., and the <*>
men take that to mean that soon after +
they will be away across the water. £
f
a complete layout. I jocked the door,
hoping that they would realize that their
presence was not desired, and as they did
not return 1 concluded that they would
stay away.
"I now see that the shooting prevented
both Horton and Gray from returning to
my house."
The police do not believe that jealousy
promoted McCalium to shoot Horton.
They think that they had a row over the
division of .spoils of some recent crime
and that McCallum, who is also an ex
convict, attempted to murder his former
paL •
Gray his been anxiously sought for by
Marshal Shine and his men as they Were
Batlsfled that he was the man who had
been covering the State with counterfeit
money. He was traced to Sacramento a
short time ago, but disappeared before
he could be arrested. The T'nited States
authorities have a strong case against him
and are hopeful of sending him to priion
for a long term.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CAL~L~wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
SUPERVISORS WILL
NOT BREAK PLEDGES
Tax Levy Will Be Kept Within
the Dollar Limit
Board Must Fix the Rate and Apportion
the Funds To-Day— Finance Commit
tee's Figures Will Be Accepted
Without Material Change,
THE Board of Supervisors will
meet to-day and adopt a tax levy
for the ensuing fiscal year. It will
be strictly within the dollar lim
it. The Supervisors freely admit
that they have their doubts of the prac
ticability of attempting to operate the
municipality on a dollar basis, but
since the people exacted pledges from
them not to exceed that amount they
do not propose to stultify themselves,
but will do as they agreed. The ap
portionment made by the Finance Com
mittee in its report submitted to the
board on August 7 has proved very
unsatisfactory, and has been subject
ed to a vast amount of criticism, but
all attempts to eliminate its objection
able features and at the same time keep
within the dollar limit have thus far
been futile. Every arrangement that
has been suggested has had the fault
of robbing one fund to satisfy the de
mands of another and the only result
apparently has been to prove that the
city cannot be run on the dollar limit
of taxation.
The figures submitted by the Finance
Committee on August 7 will be those
adopted by the board to-day, with pos
sibly a few minor changes. That they
will not be adapted without consider
able wrangling is certain, but the
amendments that will be submitted
will all contain the fatal defect of ex
ceeding the limit fixed by the people.
One such amendment will be proposed
by Supervisor Holland, but it has ab
solutely no chance of being adopted,
because it provides a tax rate of $1 10
or more. It is characterized by the fol
lowing increasej over the Finance Com
mittee's figures:
Repaying accepted streets, $105,000;
Golden Gate Park, $70,000; public
schools, $70,000; Board of Health,
$70,00.0; City and County Hospital
(ne^l $50,000; improving old hospital,
$11X000; smallpox hospital, $5000; Fire
Department, $50,000; election expenses,
$30,000; park panhandle, $SO00; Board
of Public Works, $6iioo; bond elections.
$6000.
This amendment probably will re
ceive the votes of Holland, Aigeltlnger,
Black and Phelps, but they know it
will be defeated and their only object
in voting for it will be to emphasize
their belief in the impossibility of
carrying on the city government on a
dollar limit. Having satisfied their
consciences by casting their votes for
this amendment, they will thereafter
insist on the limit being observed to the
letter.
Mayor Phelan, Supervisor Perrault
and Expert Williams tried to fix up a
levy yesterday, but after struggling
with figures all the afternoon they
found they had, notwithstanding" all
their pains, exceeded the limit. Here
is the result of their efforts:
PROPOSED CHANGES IN TAX LEVY OF 1599-1900
Total levy J5.169.fi7R
Receipts other than taxation 1.43R.578
$3, 731. 100
Outside the pledge deficiency.... sl27,ooo
Judgments 3.700
Election <-xpc-nses 75.000
Interest and sinking funds 25,400 $231,100
$3,,vt0,00fl
Levy J3.731.infl at 99.5 c on J375.0n0.000
Levy 3,731.100 at $1,066 on 3ri0.000.000
After studying these figures last
night. Supervisor Aigeltinger declared
they would not be acceptable to the
majority of the board.
"If we are going to exceed the dollar
limit, we might just as well make a
levy that will give us what we need,"
he said. "I will vote for the Holland
amendment because it comes nearer
my views than anything else so far
proposed, but the amendment will un
doubtedly be defeated and then we will
adopt a dollar limit levy, as proposed by
the Finance Committee. However, I
think that If, instead of voting bonds
for improvements, we fixed the rate of
taxation at $1 10 we would have money
eno-ugh to pave our streets, run the
city government and save the interest
on the bonds."
The committee on Fire Department of
the Board of Underwriters of the Pa
cific, consisting of William J. Dutton,
Charles D. Haven, Charles A. I^aton,
Rudolph Herold, Rolla V. Watt and
Isidor Gutte, has forwarded a petition
to "the Supervisors, protesting against
the proposed curtailment of the Fire
Department appropriation, and strong
ly urging that the appropriation be not
less than $600,000. The petition calls
attention to the fact that within the
past year the Fire Underwriters have
reduced rates so as to make a saving
j of several hundred thousand dollars a
year to the citizens of San Francisco,
■ in anticipation of the fully paid Fire
Department required under the new
charter, but that these reductions can
not be maintained without loss to the
underwriters unless the present equip
ment of the Fire Department is main
tained.
OFF FOR THE SOUTH.
The Badger After More Naval Mili
tiamen Awaiting Instruction.
The Badger left port last evening bound
for tho south coast of California,
where she will take the three southern
divisions of the naval militia for a prac
tice cruise.
The Badger has but recently returned
from a cruise off the northern coast, on
which she had the First, Second and Sixth
divisions on board. She will now proceed
to Santa Cruz, where she wil pick up the
First Division, to Santa Barbara,
where she will get the Fifth and to San
Diego to get the third. She will then
cruise off the coast for a week and return
the divisions to thrir homes. The time
will be spent in the numerous drills of
shipboard and in target practice.
When the Badger left last evening she
had on board Adjutant Genera] Seaman,
lieutenant Commander Thomas A. Ner
ney. excutive officer of the naval militia:
Surgeon B. A. Plant and Douglas White,
paymaster of the naval militia.
HIS DECISION CONTESTED
Jerome Bassity Referees a Black and
White Cakewalk.
A parti-colored oakewalk concluded
the first annual picnic of the "Wash
ington-square Athletic Club. It was
Jerome Bassity, the luckless announcer
of the decision of the judges in favor of
Tom Beattie and his sister Kitty, who
had spiritedly and successfully contested
tor the cake againsi Mr. Stewart and
Mary Jane Seattle, who precipitated the
trouble.
Mr. Stewart, a colored gentleman of
high social standing in Washington-
square, made considerable demur to the
derision. He thoupht that hp and his fair
partner were entitled to the cake, and
proceeded to make himself heard to that
effect. The trouble was soon settled, but
Bassity is not looking for another job of
that kind.
Crushed by a Car.
Albert Hemppl, a 12-year-old lad living
on Bush street, near Jones, had his right
foot badly mangled yesterday afternoon
under the wheels of a park-bound Haight
street car. The accident occurred at the
corner of Haight and Scott streets, 'lue
boy was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
whore Dr. Dray found it necessary to am
putate the great toe of the injured foot.
Dr. Voorsanger on Dreyfus.
Rabbi Voorsanger will deliver a lecture
this evening at Temple Emanu-E! on
"Dreyfus After the Second Court
martial." He will recite the facts and
give a forecast.
JAP STATUE'S last days at Art Saloon.
Going East, then to Paris. •
Pretty
Cups and Saucers,
lOcts. up.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importini Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We shall offer on Monday, Sep-
tember 18, new and choice goods In
all our departments, and quote a
few special items.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
25 pieces 24-INCH BLACK IMPORTED TAFFETA, hrll-
liant and lustrous, new soft finish 85c uard
BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT.
40 pieces BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPONS, new
importation, 12 different designs $1.75 uard
DRESSIOODS DEPARTMENT.
24 pieces 36-INCH SILK-FINISHED CHANGEABLE
ALPACA, eight different combinations. .50c uard
RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
375 pieces 3 1-2 INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN RIBBON,
corded edge, extra high lustre and soft finish, all
colors 35c yard
LACE DEPARTMENT.
5 cases NEW EMBROIDERED AND CORDED FRONT-
INGS, NEW RUCHINGS, RUFFLINGS, CHIFFON
TRIMMINGS, LACES and VEILINGS.
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
2 cases BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY BLACK RIBBED HOSE,
double heels and toes, warranted fast hlack
25c pair
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
& CD
Postal cards supplied for those who
cannot come to the store — big illus-
trated catalogue free for your address
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Chret—V Zinfandel 35c
We age this same wine in glass for
our finest trade— reg'ly 50c gallon
SoUpS— pints 3 for 50c
American Food Co quarts 30c
If you enjoy home-made soup just
try this kind— reg'ly 20c and 35c can
Sardines— Ispa large cans 20c
Selected French fish — reg'ly 25c can
Com— Sea Foam 1 2\ C
- » Naturally sweet — packed in Maine
reg'ly 15c can
Orange marmalade 3 jars 50c
Southwell & Co — London
made from Seville oranges
Oysters— eastern pack 10c
Natural flavor— reg'ly 12ic can
enough for three
Breakfast mush -^at I 25c
University brand
2 lb packages— clean— fresh
Port and sherry 3 bot $2
Our bottling of high class wines
reg'ly $1 bottle — imported
Sweet pickles pints 35c 3 for $1
Pin Money $ pints 20c
The real old fashioned Virginia
pickle— reg'ly 40c and 25c
Ginger— preserved in syrup 15c
Put up in Canton China
reg'ly 20c jar
Alkethrepta chocolate 20c
Containing the nutritious natural
butter of the cocoa— reg'ly 25c can
Ammonia for the toilet bottle ; 25c
Violet and lavender— try it in the bath
Brillantine— Pinaud's small 25C
various odors large 40c 2 for 75c
Prepared from French essences
imparts a rich lustre to the hair
reg'ly 30c and 45c bottle
Almond grinder 95c
Large size— reg'ly $1 25
Pepper mill— individual size 25c
Grind your own pepper— reg'ly 35c
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francises
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
000000000000000000
§'*•■ A LACE *■"■!'%
%CRAND HOTELS O
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q
•** Connected by a covered passageway. **
P 1400 Rooms— w: h Bath Attached. °
|O All Under One Management. O
jO NOTE. THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Bl. per day and upward O
n American Plan. $3. <M> per day and upward A
" .. Correspondence Solicited. v
Q JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. O
O 0J9L.Q.0 .0 LQJp_o;OJ3 IQIQJSLQ
WBBMy Gall $1.00 Yeap
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. IS9B, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $58,432 91
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 301,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bunds owned by Company 1,682,591 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral . •
Cash in Company's Office 3.523 78 i
Cash in Banks 97,267 02
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and mortgages 6,983 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 246,716 68
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid
Total Assets + . .$2. 396.523 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $16,954 27
Losses resisted, Including expenses...
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $84,944 67; rein-
surance 50 per cent 42,497 33
Gross premiums, on Risks running
more than one year, $2,481,979 71;
reinsurance pro rata 1,286,705 40
Total Liabilities .$1,346.187 00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $938,82193
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
I Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 97,790 2*
Received for profit on Securities
Bold 1,057 48
Profit and Loss collected 360 00
Special Mechanical Services 1,977 12
Total Income .$1,039.996 74
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ , losses of previous
years) r — $55.725 73
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ' 220,002 80
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43.604 68
1 Paid for State, National and local
! taxes 27.R82 09
Paid for Inspections 329,157 33
All other payments and expenditures 155,121 03
Total Expenditures $891.393 65
Losses Incurred during the year .... $61,007 17
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year i ..... $119,728,589 $1,067,183 94
Net amount of Risks
expired during the i," -j<
year 114.059,200 1.012,034 30
Net amount In force|
December 31, 1898 1 280,000,096 2,566,974 38
J. M. ALLEN, President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1899.
HENRY E. TAINTOR.
Notary Public
MANN &~WILSON,
v GENERAL AGENTS,
306 SANSOiviE ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
PI Ft QTIVAI ■sss.'wvgs
yni l iiu IHL sr u wsi l fta
.VallMicheckrt x«».