VOLUME LXX!XVI-NO. 159.
CARRIER PIGEON CONVEYS NEWS
FROM BELEAGUERED LADYSMITH
Advices Sent on Friday State That
White Still Holds Out Against
the Besieging Boers.
British Make a Gallant Attack Upon a Burgher
Camp, Capturing It and Inflicting Heavy
Loss Upon Its Defenders.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The War Office issued the following at 11:40 P. M. yesterday:
BULLER TO THE SECRETARY OF STATE FOR WAR:
CAPETOWN, Nov. s.— The commandant at Durban sends the Following,
received From Ladysmith by pigeon post, dated November 3: "Yesterday
General French went out with cavalry and Field artillery and eFfectively shelled the
Boer laager without loss on our side.
"Lieutenant Egerton oF the PowerFul is dead. General Joubert sent in Major C.
S. Kincaid of the Royal Irish Fusileers and nine wounded prisoners. Eight Boers were
sent out in exchange, no others being Fit to travel.
"Colonerßrecklehurst, with cavalry, Field artillery, the Imperial Light Horse and
the Natal Mounted Volunteers, was engaged to-day with the enemy to the southwest
of Ladysmith. The fighting lasted several hours. Our loss was very small.
"The bombardment oF Ladysmith continued yesterday and to-day, many Boer
shells being pitched into the town.
"Our troops are in good health and spirits and the wounded are doing well."
I think General French's name is given by mistake For Brecklehurst's.
A special dispatch from Ladysmith, describing Thursday's fighting, says:
"The artillery duel at dawn, in which the Boers' guns were silenced, was intended to oc
cupy the Boers and to enable Sir George Stewart White to achieve his chief purpose, the capture
of the Boer camp behind Besters Hill.
"For this purpose the Lancers, Hussars, Natal Carbineers and Xatal Border Rifles started
tinder General French at sunrise and got within striking distance before the enemy was aware of
their presence. A held bcrftery also was sent, and it secured a good position, commanding the
enemy's camp, which was a large one laagered with army wagons and other vehicles.
'"P>esters Hill was well fortified and provided with good guns. At 9 o'clock the British
opened fire, the Boers replying with spirit, but bad aim. The British quickly sent a 42-pound
shell into the camp, inflicting terrible loss and spreading panic among the enemy. Our cavalry
then stormed the position, the Boers fleeing precipitately, leaving many dead and wounded as
well as the whole camp and equipment in the hands of the British. Their success will upset the
plans of the Orange Free State commanders and possibly will prevent them giving the British
further trouble from the west."
The Times publishes a dispatch from Pietermaritzburg, Natal, dated November 3, which
says:
"The Dutch residents here have received news of a sanguinary
battle fought yesterday, probably between Ladysmith and Colenso. A
large number of the Boers were killed, many being relatives of Natal
Dutch residing in this place. The English residents have no knowledge
of any engagement."
The correspondent of the Times at Ladysmith, under date of November 2, confirms the
report of artillery exchanges. He says:
"The investment of the town is now practically complete. Last night the enemy tapped the
n our rear. He can. therefore, cut our communication whenever he pleases. It is sug
gested, however, that the Boers believe that Ladysmith is in their power and that they are there
to anxious to have us get up all of our military stores before they attack us.
"A reconnoissance by lancers and a field battery to-day found a Free State laager, which
the British shelled heavily, driving the Boers out"
BRITISH EVACUATE
STORMBURG JUNCTION
j
LONDON. Nov. B.— The Dally Mall pub- : <
wing dispatch from Bur- '
"The large British camp at Btormberg 1
Junction has I
of Sir Redvers Vuller. Everything,
Including guns, tents and The us- ',
■ a camp, is b« Ing re
moved to Queenstown, about fifty miles i
Boutheant of Btormberg. Aji <>i
force about 3500 strong, with sev- ;
■ uns, which for some time was con
centrated lust across the Orange R
Idge at Bethulie
ptrojlng portions of the railway on Its
march. This is obviously with the Inten
k ng the coming advance of
our army corps.
ALIWAL NORTH AND ITS BRIDGE OVER ORANGE RIVER.
t ( ,nn T K 8 dS rt anS O l l n t do W übUc S B 8 be l ;^ en f ed th by a , ?T ° f » B ° 6 " fr ° m the country about Smithfleld, is at the Orange River terminus of the East I
London K-iilrjad, and Will doubtlesa be one of the points from which Sir Redvers Buller's army will enter the Orange Free State. I
The San Francisco Call.
"The enemy now appears to be awalt
ng Information before making: a further
now to the south. The Impression here
s that the removal of the Stormberg
:amp mny result In a large number of
he Colonial Boers Joining the army. Th.^
English section Is utterly upset at the
withdrawal of Boer troops and the serious
lews from Natal."
The "Cape Town correspondent of the
Dally Mail says he understands that. In
addition to Stormberg, Rosi mead Junc
tion and Naauwport are to be evacuated.
The Cape Town correspondent of the
3tandard telegraphing Wednesday says:
"The British first - class protected
- Terrible is steaming at full speed
from Bimonstown, Cape Colony, for 7 -ur
ban. Natal. There is sum,- disqui*
of ;i message from
■la giving <",,mmanda:it Kronje's re
■ M« operatlona agalnsi Mafeklng.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
The grand stand is only about a mile
from Sfafeking, and if Kronje'a account
Is to be believed, the Boers must be very
close."
Sir Redvers Boiler has wired the War
Office from Cape Town, under date of
Sunday, that Colonel Kekewich, in com
mand at Kimbefiey, reports under date of
ber 31 that all the wounded were do
hig well.
The Colonial Office announces to-night
that no further Information had been re
ceived regarding the retirement of the
British forces from Colenso, and that the
reported rising of the Basutos had not
been confirmed.
BOERS DELAYED TOO
LONG AT LADYSMITH
LONDON. Nov. 6.— The general belief in
BRITISH LOSS AT
FARQUHAR FARM
DURBAN, Natal, Nov. 2 (Delayed
in transmission).— The official roll
call shows that 843 members of the
Gloucestershire regiment and of the
Royal Irish P"usileers are missing
as the result of the engagement on
Farquhar's farm. Thirty-two men
of the Gloucestershire regiment, ton
members of the Royal Irish Fusil
eers and two members of the Tenth
mountain battery were found killed.
Between 70 and 100 escaped ami re
turned to Ladysmlth, whither 150
wounded have been brought.
London Is that the Boers are now wait
ing for more guns from Pretoria before
attacking Ladysmlth. The fact that Sir
Redvers Buller appears to have ordered
a retirement from Stormberg, and per
haps from other places, relieves to some
extent the public mind, which otherwise
would have been further alarmed. Con»
fldence is felt in any measures that Gen
eral Buller may deem desirable. The
knowledge that the pigeon post is work
ing has also come as a relief to tha great
anxiety previously felt.
The third-class cruiser Pelorus has been
ordered from Gibraltar to Durban and
the third-class cruiser Fearless from Port
Said to the fime point.
Dispatches from Cape Town and other
centers in Cape Colony indicate that the
Cape Dutch are becoming very restless
in consequence of the Boer successes.
The Morning Post's Ladysmith corre
spondent, telegraphing November 1, says:
"We cannot understand the Ivor tac
tics. It Is Incoinpreliensiblio tiSit they
should have refrained from using their
big guns this morning."
Commenting upon this dispatch, the
Morning Post says: "It is easy to guess
the reason why the Boers have been
nonplussed by the arrival of the naval
guns at Ladysmlth. They are now re
gretting a lost opportunity, as they
might have cut the railway and thus pre
vented the appearance of those guns on
the scene."
The Times in a careful editorial to-day
on the relations of the United States to
the war in South Africa says: "When
the Continent rings with denunciations of
England it is very cheering and refresh
ing for the English people to note the
sympathy and intelligent comprehension
manifested in the United States. We
should prize American sympathy in any
case, but it becomes doubly grateful when
manifestly based on a deliberate and well
informed Judgment of the essential merits
of the quarrel, as well as upon a recipro
cation of the kindly feelings with which
Englishmen regard American enterprises.
"The American people are not Winded
by the accident that the Transvaal calls
Itself a republic. They know that every
essential attribute of a republic Is grant
ing; and they know also that England
stands for equal laws, Individual freedom
and the energetic progress which to
gether make up the republican ideal or
the Americans. As England plumped for
the United States, so the United Slates
now plump for England without n gard
to the fine-drawn technicalities of the at
torney."
It appears that the Boers have dc
stroyed the railway as far down as Knap
tlaar, eighteen miles south of Bethulie.
FIGHTING PRECEDING
COLENSO'S CAPTURE
COLrBNSO, Natal. Nov. 2.— The Boers
have opened fir*' on Ladysmlth from the
Bouth side with hums posted between
• 'nltiiso and Genera] White's camp.
f THREE GENERALS JOUBERT J
A family of famous fighters are X
[ the Jouberts. Their name stands J
t out pre-eminent In the history of T
J the Boers' struggle for independ
f ence.
Colenso at this hour Is threatened by
the enemy. His patrols, In advance of
Boer forces, 2000 strong, but without flexd
guns, are marching in an easterly direc
tion to the north of Colenso. Shots have
been exchanged between the British and
Boer patrols, the latter being driven in
ward upon the main body.
The British patrols lost one man killed
and the Boer patrols lost two.
Firing Is now in progress on Ladysmlth,
which the Boers are shelling from their
positions on Groblerskloof Hill, this side
of Ladysmith.
Two trains have just arrived here from
Ladysmith. When near Pieters Station
they were fired upon by the Boers, but
were In no serious danger. Train guards
rep6rt that Nordenfeldt quick-firers were
used. In addition to Mausers.
The Boers continue to shell Colenso and
Fort Wylte, but thus far the firing is
futile. They have placed heavy guns in
position, but their shots are all falling
short.
REPORTED RISING OF
BASUTOS AGAINST BOERS
LONPON", Nov. 6.— According to a spe
cial dispatch from Cape Town It Is re
ported there that the Basutos have risen
against, the Orange Free State Boers.
The Government has received no infor
mation on this point.
A special dispatch from Ladysmith, filed
Thursday afternoon, says: "While the
naval brigade was pounding away at the
Boer batteries this morning a party of
British cavalry and volunteers were sent
out. Creeping around the hills, they sur
prised and captured one of the enemy's
camps."
A special dispatch from Ladysmith de
scribing the engagement at Besters Hill
says the Boers were completely routed
and suffered heavy loss. Their entire
camp was captured. The correspondent
goes on to say:
"An artillery duel is In progress. A
British shell struck a Boer 40-pounder
and completely wrecked it." 9
The transports have just been secured
for the Woolwich howitzer brigade,
which will be hurried to the Cape. The
brigade has 10,000 rounds of 5-inch lyd
dite shells awaiting It. According to the
estimates, a single shell, falling Into a
compact body, will kill 300 men. It was
demonstrated in the battle of Omdur
man, which destroyed the army of Kha
lifa Abdullah, that large numbers of
Dervishes were killed by suffocation,
while hundreds of vultures and eagles
fell on the battlefield from the same
cause.
FINE MARKSMANSHIP OF
BOER SHARPSHOOTERS
T.ONDON. Nov. 5.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Kummnn, British Bech
uanaland, dated November 2, says:
"Three hundred Bechuanaland Boers
have Joined Commandant De Lacy's force
which has gone to Kimberley, leaving
only 200 men at Vryburg."
G. W. Stevens, describing for the Mail
the affair at Nicholsons Nek, says:
"The Boors shot magnificently The
moment a Britisher raised his head to
see where the enemy were, he instantly
fell back with a buliet in it. On the other
hand, after the engagement, the Boers
acted with the greatest kindness to the
wounded and unwounded. They spent
the afternoon singing doleful hymns — and
they had reason to be doleful, for they
had lost many men."
Tenth Hussars Sail.
LIVERPOOL., Nov. s.— Scenes of re
markable enthusiasm attended the em
barkation here to-day of the Tenth Hus
sars on the transport Columbian. An er
roneous report that the Prince of Wales,
who is honorary colonel of this regiment.
was coming to bid the troops farewell,
drew out enormous crowds. Some life
guards and si>me horse guards also em
barked. Many notables wore present.
Five military attaches, including Captain
Slocum. .Eighth United States Cavalry,
United States military attache in Vienna,
went on board the Columbia, which will
sail tonight.
•
On the Lookout for Privateers.
MADRID, Nov. 5.— A dispatch from the
Canaries says that a British warship is
exercising close surveillance of ship
ping there, being persumably on the look
out for privateers. The • captain of a
merchant vessel reports from Vigo, Spain,
that a British squadron of six large ves
sels was seen off Vigo harbor on the night
of November 3; that one vessel reconnoit
ered the harbor, and that the squadron
then sailed in iue direction of Gibraltar.
Free State Boers Cross
Into Cape Colony and
Capture a Camp.
Outnumbered by the Invaders,
Colonial Police Are Compelled
to Surrender.
LONDON, Nov. 6. — This dispatch from its
special correspondent is published by the
Daily Telegraph :
CAPE TOWN, Nov. I.— The correspondent of
the Cape Times telegraphs that a .arge com
jmando of Free State Boers attacked Norvals
Pont bridge at 5 o'clock this morning. They
then surrounded the camp of the Cape Police,
who, being greatly outnumbered by the enemy,
were obliged to yield to a demand for their sur
render.
The telegraph station at the bridge is in the
hands of the enemy.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— A Journal
cablegram from Cape Town dated
Novembers, says: After long hesi
tation the Free State Burghers have
commenced the invasion of Cape
Colony with a strong force.
As was expected, they have chosen as
the scene of their operations the Coles
burg district, which is the center of the
Afrikander disaffection, and where a
rising has been expected at any time.
The enemy had been concentrating their
forces at Bethulie and at Springfontein.
They crossed the frontier on Wednesday
at Norvels Pont, on the railway bridge
over the Orange river, and advanced
along the railway and highway. They
occupied Colesburg without resistance.
The only force at Colesburg was a small
squad of police under a sergeant. They
surrendered and are now prisoners of war.
Colesburg has 2,000 inhabitants, all Dutch.
The tension in Cape Town between the
DEWEYS BRIDE=ELECT
BUY HER TROUSSEAU
MRS. MILDRbD HAZ£N.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— Mrs. Mildred ITazen. Admiral Dewey's bride-elect,
with her mother, Mrs. Washington McLean, Bpent all day yesterday In
shops and at modistes preparing her bridal trousseau. They started out
early with a single-bi rse brougham (or the shopping district. All day
In ceaseless tide of feminine consultations over fabrics and fashion there
was only one pause; that was when in its passage down Fifth avenue
their carriage halted for a few moments under the Dewoy arch. Questions were
asked of the driver, and expressions of admiration were exchanged between
Mrs. Hazen and her mother.
The minor details of her trousseau were considered early in the day. and
about 4 o'clock in the afternoon the carriage, containing Mrs. Ilazen, her mother
and her sister. Mrs. Ludlow, drew up in front of an establishment on East
Forty-sixth street. Here an order for the majority of her gowns had been
placed some days ago and yesterday afternoon the task of fitting and remodel
ing was begun.
Mrs. Hazen expressed herself as well pleased with her choice and asked that
there might be no delay in completing her order. Thirty-eight pieces compose
the trousseau— nine street dresses, eleven dinner gowns, seven house dresses,
five opera cloaks, five coats and a tea gown. Some of these, including the bridal
dress, were chosen from the modiste's imported stock, but the majority will be
of American rhaj?e. constructed according to the preferences and suggestions of
Mrs. Hazen. Many of the dresses will be brocades and satins, which are ap
parently Mrs. Hazen's favorites.
Owing to the fact that Mrs. Hazen has but recently laid aside mourning
no colors other than black, gray and white will be used in her trousseau. Mod
esty and good taste have characterized her choice of garments. Expense has
not been spared, but there has been no attempt on Mrs. Hazen's part to choose
an elaborate wardrobe, but it is estimated that the dresses will cost $7600.
Mrs. Hazen will probably choose 'as her bridal" gown a dull gray Parisian
gown, embroidered in silver and trimmed with point lace. It is the opinion
of dressmakers that Mrs. Hazen's charms are shown to best advantage in this
gown.
It is expected that on Monday night or Tuesday morning Mrs. Hazen will
return to Washington. Admiral Dowey has arrived at New York to meet hl#
fiancee. ■ - • . - .... . ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Dutch and the English has been increas
ing during the last day or two. The news
of the di>;ister to Colonel Carleton's
column h.is had anything but a good ef
fect on the Dutch. In districts only thirty
miles from Cape Town they make no at
tempt to conceal their feelings of satisfac
tion.
PASADENA MAN INVENTS
AN IMPLEMENT OF WAR
PASADENA, Nov. s.— Mace Evans, a
locomotive fireman of this city, has been
corresponding with the War Department
and Pension Department concerning an
invention which, he says, if placed in the
hands of the Boers, would enable them, to
soon defeat their enemies, the British.
Evans has corresponded with persons
Interested in the Transvaal's success,
in the hope that they would buy his in2
PRIVATEERS TO PREY
ON BRITISH COMMERCE
ss , ♦
PARIS, Nov. s.— The Temps corroborates the a
? statement of the Eclaire that the Boers have de- *•
♦* cided to employ privateers, and says: £
"There is an immense fleet of transports at ♦,
sea carrying troops. The Transvaal Government ♦.
cannot seriously threaten these, but there is no V
? doubt that it has issued letters of marque in £
Europe and the United States, and British com- j
V merce may suffer, even if the transports do not." £
♦
veatlon. The War and Pension d
ments do not regard him as an ordinary
crank, as their letters to him testify.
The Inventor refuses to divulge what his
strange instrumi nt is, but perhaps some
n of a scientific turn of mind might
guess from studying the hints which he
has dropped now and then.
Some time ago he called on the attorney
of the yam a Fe B
a scheme for equipping cars for pr
tion against train robbers. The Santa Fe
attorney thought so much of the plan that
he directed Evans to go ahead and fit up
a ear as ho planned, th" company agree
ing to stand the expense. His later ir.
--r, has nothing to <io with
rafln ads.
For some time Evans has been se^n by
his comrades at a blacksmith shop, mak
ing sometJ king out of steel
and Iron. Asked what it was he said he
was inukinK a bracket.
"It was on the 9th of August last that 1
made the discovery of tins strange
r." said Evans. "1 was working in
my shop, when something happened that
showed me what could be done. I can
say this much. 1 make use of a power
that is well known, but which would 1"?
useless In war but for the Instrument
which 1 make to go with it. If 1 should
vll the power you might sues? the Instru
: If I described the BOrt of
instrument I make to go with it you
might guess the power I use. When I
had finished everything 1 went away to
a lonely place for three days and tested
my invention. I found that 1 could do
more execution at a. distance of half a
mile from an object than a half dosen
men could with ordinary puns. The in
struments I use are not of an explosive
kind. The invention would be about as
useful in war fur offensive as for de
fensive purposes. 1 could equip soldiers
with it at an expense of about 50 cents to
a man. It would certainly prove a great
"weapon where a decisive fight was on."
A number of •. have bad
hints of Evans" invention have tried to
learn details of it. but he declines to give
th.-m out until he procures a patent. The
"War Department has referred him to the
Ordnance Department.
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
SENT FROM LADYSMITH
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 3 (delayer! in trans
missions—The Cape Argus has received
Th. following from Ladysn
■i ■:, *he pf I I'-neral White
the women and children were Bent south
last evening. A large number of men
H the same time. Some of these be
haved badly toward the women.
"Entire confidence is still reposed here
in General White and his staff, and it is
expoo- Bother pitched battle will
dispel the lingering hope of the Boers
that they will be able to take Ladysmith."
The British transport Ninevab arrived
yesterday from England, bringing the
New South \Val«s Lancers (mm Alder
shot. The lancera were enthusiastically
welcomed By the municipal authorities
and the populace. The presence Of the
lancers was eagerly Belzed upon at ortce
as affordiiv-i ;! • Cape Colony an
opportunity of showing their gratitude
for the help tendered by a sister colony.
The news of the losses at Ladysmlth
caused an unmistakable depression, espe
cially when coupled with the fact the
Boera invaded the colony almost simul
taneously.
The Dutch of the colony are proving
themselves loyal to the British Govern
ment, and, so far as has been ascertained,
few of them have Joined the Boers.
The Boer prisoners have arrived at
Simonson, near Cape Town, where they
are well tr>
A dispatch from Stormberg, Cape Colo
ny, south of Burghersdorp, says trains
have ceased running between that point
and Allwal north, on the Cape Colony side
of Orange River.
Another dispatch from Lady-smith says
the Boers have proclaimed the upper
Tugela division of Natal annexed to the
Orange Free State.
PERSISTENT REPORTS THAT
LADYSMITH HAS FALLEN
LISBON, Nov. 5. — Persistent reports are
In circulation here that General Sir
George Stewart White, the British com
mander in Natal, has capitulated to the
Boers.
BRUSSELS. Nov. s.— The Belgian news
papers continue to publish telegrams from
Amsterdam and Berlin reporting the cap
ture of Ladysmlth, but no such Informa
tion has been received at the official resi
dence of Dr. I.eyds. The members of the
Transvaal agency say that the only
knowledge they have on the subject Is
derived from the newspapers. They de
cline to divulge the whereabouts of Dr.
Leyds, but say he Is neither in Brussels
nor Berlin. '•'■?;
EMPERORS TO DISCUSS
THE TRANSVAAL WAR
PARIS. Nov. c.— The Gaulois, referring
to the proposed interview between Em
peror Nicholas and Emperor William.
"Its immolate object Is to diminish the
effect of Emperor William's visit to Eng
land and to consolidate the pood relations
between Germany and Russia. It will
also give an opportunity to examine into
certain possible eventualities likely to
arise owing \<j the war in South Africa.
All this amply suffices* to allow the inter
view to be considr-red as likely to exer
cise a happy influence upon International
affaire."
EVIDENCE OF THE
CENSOR'S ALERTNESS
LONDON', Nov. 6.— The Dally Mail pub
lishes the following abbreviated dispatch
from Its special correspondent. It illus
trates the strictness of the censorship,
which permits no details of British disao
Pears'
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it— noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection.
IDAHO MINERS
ARE CONVICTED
But Three of the Thir-
teen Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MOSCOW, Idaho. Nov. The jury to
day returned a verdict of guilty in the
case of ten and not guilty in the case of
three of. the thirteen Couor d'Alene min
ers who have been on trial here in the
United States Court on a charge of con
spiracy and of stopping a United States
mail train at Wallace on April 29 last,
the day on which the Bunker Hill and
Sullivan mill was blown up at Wardner.
The convicted men are: Dennis O'Rourke,
Arthur Wallace, Henry Marconi, John
L,ucinotti. C. K. Burps. Francis Butler,
Ed Abinola, P. F. O'Donnell, Mike Mal
vey and Louis Salla.
Those acquitted are F. W. Garrett, Fred
Shaw and W. V. Bundren. To-morrow at
3 o'clock the convicted men will be
brought into court and will receive their
sentence.
Under the statute the penalty for con
spiracy against the United States and a
delay of the malls, is a fine of not less
than $1000 nor more than $10,000, or not
to- exceed two years' imprisonment, or
both fine and imprisonment.
Garrett, Shaw and Bundren were re
leased from custody to-day. The con
victed men are all single with the excep
tion of Salla, an Italian, while all those
acquitted are married men. The defense
will carry the case to the Circuit Court
of Appeals.
©-♦-<•>-♦-«s—♦- <$ -♦- <£> -*- <8> -♦- ♦-♦- <?>-♦- ©
ters to get out, except in the colored and
heretofore deceptive official dispatches.
Evidently the correspondent's story was
chopped off at the end of the first para
graph:
LADYSMITH, Wednesday— The full
story of the capture of Lieutenant Colonel
Carleton's little column, consisting of the
Gloucrstershires, the Royal Irish Fusll
rers and the Tenth mounted battery, has
now leached camp. It was detached on
Sunday night by Sir Georgv Btewart
White to seize Nicholsons Neck, which is
a. sort of depressed sail. lie of land connect
ing two shoulders of I>rakensberg Moun
tains, whose Btrategic Importance consist.l
In the fact that it controls rocky passages
and rough roads between hills. It Is only
a quarter of a mile across and some seven
miles from here."
Some British Accusations.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 2— (Delayed in
transmission!.- Advices from Maseru,
iiid. say that the Boers ar<
urging Chief Jonathan and other Basuto
chiefs to rebel, threatening to shell the
Dfflcials out of Maseru and Tholitsi, north
of Maseru and destroy them and their
sympathizers. The chiefs, however, main
tain their loyalty and the defense of Mas
eru has been strengthened by two ma
rhine guns, the presence of which inspires
confidence among the natives.
Natal Dutch Aid the Boers.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— A Journal cable
gram from Durban, dated November :,.
says: Lieutenant Wilson of the Border
Mounted Rifles, who has been twice in
valided here, recounts numerous instances
of disloyalty on the part of the Natal
Dutch. He think* the professions of loy
alty by many Dutch farmers do not sus
tain the test of actual war. Notwith
standing the risks they run, he says they
are aiding the Invaders In other ways
than by bearing arms.
Bombardment of Mafekine.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 3— (Delayed In
transmission).— Advices from Mafeking
announce that the Boers placed in po
sition a big Pretoria gun several miles
from Mafrklng. firing sixteen shots at
the town. Only one reached ihe mark, re
sulting In the burning of Weil's store.
The garrison, having suffered no harm,
thus far. Is jubilant and an attack from
the rear is not expected.
Advance Into Cape Colony.
COLESBURG, Cape Colony, Nov. 2 al
layed in transmission.)— The scouts sent
out this morning on the report that the
Boers were on this side of the Orange
River, returned this evening, bringing
word that the Boer ramp is pitched on
tho Boer side of the river. Evidently it
is the advance guard _ that has appeared
on this aide.
Horses JLost Overboard.
LONDON". Nov. I— The troop ship Rapi
dan, which sailed from Uverpool for
South Africa on November 1. was obliged
to turn back owing to the damage re
ceived in Friday's storm, losing 200 horses
overboard in the g^.le.
Kimberley Expecting an attack.
ORANGE RIV7CR. Cape Colony. Nov. 3 !■
—(Delayed In transmission).— Klmberley I
was safe on Wednesday night, but an at- I
tack was expepted at any time. I
APPEALS TO SOLDIERS
TO OPPOSE ROBERTS
Miss Helen Gould Invokes the Aid of Span-
Ish War Veterans In the Crusade
Against Polggamu,
f WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— Adjutant General Liller of the Spanish war vet- A
4. crans 'has received the following letter from Miss Helen Gould, dated No- +
O vember 2: 'f"X&-Cio
T- "If the matter commends itself to your good judgment and you have not ; ■♦•
o already taken an interest in the Roberts question, I hope you may feel will- °
£ ing to do so. ." >„->'; ;-:\ : >j"7: ; "- "♦
+ "Mr. Roberts, it seem*, has at least three wives,. and advocating and +
O practicing the principle he does he should not, women think, be allowed to o
♦ have a Beat in the highest law making body of our land. - 4
o "We realize that what we think cannot carry the weight with Congress- O
▼" men that communications from voters would have, and we earnestly hope -f
•». that men who sympathize with the movement will be willing to write to O
o their Congressmen or circulate petitions. ; +
+■ "I have never before taken any active part in any political question, ?
O. but this movement is for the protection of the home and of women through- o
•f out the country, and I am glad to use the little influence I possess for what -f
O I believe to be a righteous cause. I trust you will pardon me for troubling O
J. you, but you soldiers have been so good to me I am venturing to call your ♦
attention to a matter that Interests me deeply. Inclosed you will find some ?
O of the leaflets on the subject issued by the League for Social Service. Very o
♦ - truly, ...V „ .. - ;• HELEN : MILLER • GOULD." ' >
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 0, 1899.
ENGLISH WIT
A SETTLEMENT
Reopeningthe Hawaiian
Land Question.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU. Oct.' 27.— The Government
sent by the China a request for certain
other information regarding the letter
and opinion of Attorney General Griggs
respecting British claims, in connection
with the 1895 revolution here.
The instructions, if such they may be
■ called, received by the America M&TO, ap
pear rather vague. President llii! > 1 4 oea
not construe the letter to be Instructions,
strictly speaking, it is a fact that no
direction is given as to what sort of settle
ments are. to be made, when they shall
be made nor how they shall be made.
There may be a difference of opinion as
to Whether the letter contains instructions
, or not.
In referring 'he matters back to the
Hawaiian Government, the letter states
j that they are resubmitted "for considera
tion and settlement." The auestion Is
how far d'l^j that go? Does it mean settle-,
ment on a basis of Attorney General
<;>-:^s' reasoning;, which is general In
character, or does ii leave the matter en
tirely in the hands of the Government of
Hawaii to do as it pleases about it, the
United States holding to its former policy
of having absolutely nothing to do wk»i
the quest ions?
Cr, ..!■■! Dole thinks the matters are
again entirely in the hands of the local
government, on practically the old basts.
■ are those in town, however, who
think that as the matters were taken up
years ago as the subject of diplomatic
correspondence between Hawaii and
Great Britain, they are still pending m
much the same attitude, that following
annexation they must become a matter
between Washington and London. The
words "consideration and settlement"
; may mean a good deal.
OBJECTS TO THE
ALASKA MODUS VIVENDI
James Hamilton Lewis, Who Repre
sented the Atlin Miners, Says
Canada Is Gainer.
; NEW YORK, Nov. s.— Ex-Congressman
James H. Lewis of Seattle. Wash., who
went to England to look after the inter
•: the, Atlin miners in the settlement
of the Alaskan boundary question, re
turned on the St. Paul to-day. Mr. Lewis
said:
"My objection to the modus Vivendi is
that "it accords to Canada all the privi
- in the Porcupine mining district
!i are allowed to Americans. Being
i American territory, this course is op
! posed to the one Canada has pursued by
I a late legislative act, prohibiting any
mining rights taken up. by us in the Atlin
let.
••I pointed mit to the House a year ago
that there was a misconception as to
what was meant by a boundary line in a
Russian deed and an English grant. The
Russian boundary, where it touches
water, circles the water side and follows
the course of either lowland or moun
tains. This gives us all the water ports
in the disputed territory. With the new
arrangements, the line is drawn hori
zontally from mountain top to mountain
t"l>. Water ports between these moun
tain tops are considered and taken to be
the property of Canada wherever the
, water extends across the line. In this
waSr Canada enjoys one part of the water
. and we the other.
"What impressed me was that Canada
was willing to abandon and yield the <i;s
puted territory for a. water port. Knp
land sees ahead a war in the Bast and so
she wants a naval mustering station in
I Alaska."
TRIES TO KILL
A WHOLE FAMILY
George Barthell Murders His Wife,
Injures Her Parents and
Commits Suicide.
ST. LOI'IS. Nov. s.— George Barthell, a
foreman in the wholesale house of the
Simmons Hardware Company, to-day
fatally thot his wife, beat h.s wife's
I father and mother Into insensibility and
then killed himself. Harthell had
separated from his wife for four years,
and during that time had mad.* rep
requests that .she return to him, but to
no avail.
This afternoon Barthell walked into the
I home of his wife's parents, Mr.
i and Mrs. John Rohlfing, with a
revolver in each hand and with
out saying a word he Bred a shot
! at his wife. The ball went Wide and Mrs.
I Barthell fled from the room. Barthell
then knocked Rohlfing insensible with the
butt of his revolver. Mrs. Rohlfing en
deavored to protect her husband and In
tlie struggle received a broken nose , nd
blows from the weapon that also rendered
her unconscious. Barthell then chased
i his wife from ihe house and, catching
', her at the gate, fired three shots, two
■ taking effect in the head, causing mortal
wounds, und one In the arm. Barthell
i stood over his wife's fallen form for an
instant as if to satisfy himself that she.
'.v;is dead, and then blew out his braina.
At a late hour to-night Mr. and Mrs.
I Rohlfing bad noi regained consciousness
ani^ Mrs. parthell was reported 'lying.
Evans 1 Ale
The only alf> entirely free from sediment*
INSURGENTS MEET
CRUSHING DEFEAT
LIMA, Peru. Nov. s.— The Government
received official dispatches to-day an
nouncing the complete defeat and rout
of the insurgent commander. Genera]
Duraml, at Huanaco, capital of the de
partment of that name. The insurgents
• lost many killed and wounded, as well
i as a large quantity of arms and am-
I munition and many horses. The number
iof prisoners taken by the Government
fnff-s was large. Genera] Durand and
I his brothers managed to escape, hut their
defeat is regarded as a death-blow to
tho revolutionary movement.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druKKlits refund the money If It fail* to cure.
B. ArV. Grove's signature Is on each bux. 250.
POLITICAL.
CITIZENS'
NON-PARTISAN
PARTY.
FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT.
To the Voters of San Francisco: The Non-
] Partisan party was organized seven years ago
: to wrest from professional politicians the con-
trol of municipal affairs and to separate en-
i tlrely from national politics the Belectlon of
i city and county officials.
It has nt all times opposed machine politics,
and foiifrht to elect worthy men to office by In-
dependent nomination or indorsement.
Th° la*t Legislature passed a law expressly
almiHl at the "unwelcome interference" In
public affairs of nun-partisan organizations.
The Rickard act forbids any information on the
ballot concerning the indorsements that a can-
dldat? may receive and makes It impossible for
;i m.-:r. to be nominated by two parties. Such
' a creditable occurrence as the nomination last
| year by the two great parties of John Lack-
-1 mnnn for Supervisor could not be repeated.
i V> regard this law as pernicious In principle
! nnd against public policy, and we Intend to
, vigorously contest It.
Th>< adoption of a non-partisan charter, the
! result of th» lad primary election, and the ln-
• dependent character of the recent Republican
j nnd Democratic conventions, clearly indicate,
, however, that the Criendi of pood government
j bnvn awnkened to their duties.
With these changed conditiuns we feel that
• there is no occasion for an entire Non- Partisan
ticket -it this election.
It is. however, a fundamental principle of
this rarty to support those nominees who have
faithfully and fearlessly filled their offices and
j are renomlnatsd for the same office. We would
fa!! in our obligations were we to leave this
: work undone.
We therefore unqualifiedly reenmmend for
j your eufrrage at the coming election:
For Mayor JAMES D, PHELAN
For Assessor. WASHINGTON DODGE
For Auditor ASA R. WELLS
For City and County Attorney...
FRANKLIN K. LANt
To each of those faithful servants of the
people there Is certainly due a generous meas-
i ure of credit arl encouragement, for the able
i and honest manner in which they have ful-
filled their public trust.
This committee, furthermore, realizing the
difficulty fflr each individual voter to inform
himself as to the qualifications of the many
j candidates for the Board of Supervisors, has
piven careful and Impartial study to the rffla-
. tive merits of the nominees on the several
i tickets.
i As the result of continuous work by this
! committee, extending over a month's time, re-
I pardlnsr this important department of the city
! government, we feel justified in recommending
for your support and vote, irrespective of
party lines, the following eighteen citizens, se-
lected from the Republif-an and Democratic
tickets, to constitute the first Board of Super-
visors under *the new charter:
; Booth, James P. ToMd, Joseph S.
| Branfleisteii, H. D. Foster, Samuel
Comte, A. Jr. Goodsell. D. C. M.
; D'Asicoaa, A. 1 Jeffers. Milo S.
1 Hotal.ng, R. M. King, Claries J.
; Jennngs, Thomas Morris, T. H.
! Pohli, Emil Sanderson, George R.
: Putnam, Ospofl Watson, William
Reed, Charles Wesley Wright, Cms S.
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN COUNTY
COMMITTEE.
GEORGE K. FITCH, Chairman.
JOSEPH ERITTON, Vice-Chairman.
C. C. BURR, Secretary.
San Ffnnrlsn. Oct. 30, 1599.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Home
Rule Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
Mayor James D. Phelan
Auditor Joseph M. (Humming
Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodge
City Attorney . . . Franklin K. Lane
Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
; Tax Collector .... Richardl P. Doolan
j Treasurer .... Samuel H. Brooks
j Recorder Edmund Godchaux
S County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geaiy
District Attorney .Lewis j?. Byington
Coroner Dr. 8,. Beverly Cole
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, John E. A. Helms,
H.U.Brandenstein, Thomas Jennings,
I P. J. Curtis, W. N. McCarthy,
A. Comte Jr., M. C. McGrath,
John Connor, A. B. Maguire.
L. J. Dwyer, Emil Pohli,
Dr.A.A. d'Ancona, Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, C. W. Reed,
R. M. Hotaling, Joseph S. Tobin,
POLICE JUDGES.
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Frita.
Charles T. Conlan.Ed P Mogan.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
NATHAN 8180,
Regular Republican,
Citizens' Republican,
People's Party, and
Federation of Improvement Clubs
NOMINEE.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
1 * — — — — — — —
FOR CITY AND COUNTY TREASURER,
S. H. BOOKS,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
(Ex-Assistant U. 6. Treasurer.)
FOR POLICE JUDGE,
GEORGE H. CABANISS,
Regular Demooratio Nominee.
POLITICAI^
REPUBLICAN
RALLY
TO.'NiaHT !
METROPOLITAN HALL.
SPEAKERS :
F. X. SCHOONMAKER,
IRVING M. SCOTT,
LUCIUS L. SOLOMONS,
1. GOLDEN,
D. J. MURPHY,
A. B. HUNT,
IRANK J. SYMMES,
F. H. WHEELER,
VAN R. PATERSON,
JOS. C. CAMPBELL,
D. E. McKINLAY,
E. MYRON WOLF,
A. P. VAN DUZER,
JULIUS KAHN,
AND OTHERS will Address the Meeting.
FRANK RYAN WILL PRESIDE.
Knickerbocker Quartet will render
choice selections.
Come one. Come all. Come early.
Seats reserved for ladies and es-
corts.
REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Progress and Prosperity,
For Mayor,
HORACE DAVIS.
For Auditor,
ASA R. WELLS.
For Assessor,
ALBERT HEYER.
For City Attorney,
CHARLES H. JACKSON.
For Sheriff,
JOHN LACKMANN.
For Tax Collector,
JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
For Treasurer,
LOUIS FEUSIER.
For Recorder,
WILLIAM Z. TIFFANY.
For County Clerk,
WILLIAM A. DEANB.
For District Attorney,
ALFRED P. BLACK.
For Coroner,
A. D. McLEAN.
For Public Administrator,
JOHN FARNHAM.
For Supervisors,
EMMET P. BARRETT.
NATHAN 8180.
CHARLES BLISS.
CHARLES BOXTON.
VICTOR D. DUBOCB.
SAMUEL FOSTER.
D. C. M. GOODSELL.
THOMAS L. HENDERSON.
WILLIAM C. JOHNSON.
MILO S. JEFFERS.
CHARLES J. KING.
THOMAS H. MORRIS.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON.
GEORCxE T. SHAW.
EMIL N.'TORELLO.
I. J. TRUMAN.
WILLIAM WATSON.
CYRUS S. WRIGHT.
For Police Judges,
L. G. CARPENTER.
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN.
CHARLES A. LOW.
JAMES L. NAGLE.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR MAYOR,
JAMES D. PHELAN,
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY GLERK,
1. A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
FOR SUPERVISOR.
L. J. DWYER,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C C O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER.
POLITICAL.
POLLING PLACED
—FOR—
MUNICIPAL ELECTION,
To be held in the City and County of San
Francisco,
TUESDAY, Nov. 7, 1899.
Polls open at 6 o'clock a. m. and close at 5
o'clock p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. /
J l . STRPPACHER.
Registrar of Voters and ex-Offlclo Secretary
of the Board of Election Commlsioners.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— X. W. cor. Fremont and Howard sts.
2— Front of No. 313 Main st.
3— Front of No. 411 Harrison st.
i— N. E. cor. Essex and Harrison sts.
s— No. 256 First St.
B— Front of No. 563 Howard ft.
7— Front of No. 155 New Montgomery st.
B—Front8 — Front of No. 12"> New Montgomery st.
it— Nn. r»3 Mission St.
10— Front of No. 64 First at.
11— Front of No. 37 New Montgomery st.
12 — N. s. Bryant, near Stanley place.
13— Front of 160 Montgomery st.
14— No. 210 Second st.
15— Front of No. 640 Folsom st.
16 -N. W. cor. Silver and Second sts.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— No. 36S Jessie st.
I— Front of No. 35 Fourth st.
3— Front of No. 842 Mission st.
4— Front of No. 563 Mission Ft.
s—Front5 — Front of No. 761 Mission st.
6 Fr.;iit of No. 730 Howard St.
7 Mo. -:'i Howard at.
S— Front of No. 751 Howard st.
9-Front of No. 842 Folsom st.
10— No. 237 Fourth Bt
11— No. 305 Fourth st.
12— No. 309 Fifth st.
13— No. 416 Fourth st.
14— Front of No. 72S Harrison st.
15— Front of No. 773 Harrison St.
16— No. 421 Fourth st.
17— No. 433 Fourth st.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of No. 10 Fifth st.
2— Front of No. 5 Seventh St.
3— No. 103 Seventh St.
4— No. 930 MissUm st.
s— Front of No. 143 Seventh st.
6— Front of No. 123 Sixth st.
7— No. 958 Howard st.
B— Front of No. 219 Seventh st.
9 — Front of No. 070 Folsom St.
10— No. 1029 Howard st.
11— N.>. 925 Folsom St.
12— No. 042 Harrison St.
13— Front of 923 Harrison st.
14— No. 1041 Folsom st.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
PrecUict.
I— Front of No. 39 Eighth st.
2— No. 124R Mission st.
3— No. 1133 I*.1 *. Mission St.
4— No. 126 Eighth st.
6— Opposite No. 142 Eighth St.
6— No. 1308 Mission st.
7— No. 143."i Mission st.
B— Front of No. 207 Tenth St.
9— No. 260 Eighth st.
10— Front of No. 22» Eighth st.
11— No. 278 Seventh St.
12— Front of No. 1103 Harrison st.
13— No. 315 Eighth st.
14— S. E. cor. Ninth st. and McLea court.
15— Front of No. 34» Tenth st.
16— Front of No. 404 Tenth st.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— No. f>37 Second st.
2_ Front of No. 3M Brannan st.
3— Front of No. 357 Brannan Bt.
■1 No "2S Thinl st.
s— No. 513 Fourth st.
6— Front of EO6 Brannan st.
7— No. 592 Sixth st.
B— S. W. cor. Boardman and Brannan sts.
9_Front of No. S5l Brannan st.
]o—Opposite0 — Opposite 506 .Ninth St.
11— No. 1024 Bryant st.
12— N. E. cor. Eighteenth and lowa sts.
13— Potrero Opera House. 620 Tennessee st.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of No. 2924 Twenty-first st.
2— Front of No. 3006 Twenty-second et.
3— No. 3064 Twenty-fourth St.
4— No. 2983 Harrison st.
6— S. E. cor. Twenty-third and Alabama sta.
t~ No. 2954 Twenty-third st.
7— N. W. cor. Bryant and Twenty-flrst et«.
B— No. 2726 Twenty-fourth Bt.
9— N. E. cor. Twenty-fourth st. and San Bruno
aye.
10— N. E. cor. Twenty-fourth and Kansas sts.
11 — N. W. cor. Twenty-second and Kentucky
sts.
12— Xo. 915 Illinois St.
13— No. 930 Railroad aye.
14— No. IKO4 Fifteenth aye. South.
15— No. 1203 Railroad aye.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
i No. 1520 Folsom st.
2— No. 1547 Mission st.
3— No. 1963 Market st., bet. Brady and Valen-
cia.
4— No. 225 Valencia st.
s— No. 1626 Mission st.
6— No. 1741 Mission St.
7 No. 15ST Folsom St.
S— N. E. cor. Fifteenth and Howard sts.
9— Front of No. 1507 Fifteenth st.
10— No. 3103 Sixteenth st.
11— No. 321 Guerrero st.
12— No 506 Valencia St.
13— No. 633 Valencia St.
14— No. 2009 Sixteenth st.
15— No. 2SSI Sixteenth st.
16— S. s. Nineteenth st., near Howard.
17— N. W. cor. Nineteenth and Capp sta.
IS— No. 849 Valencia st.
39— No. 704 Valencia st.
10— No. 953 Valencia st.
21— No. 2311 Mission st.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— N. W. ror. Dolores and Twenty-third sts.
2— S. E. cor. Dolores and Twenty-second sts.
3— S. E. cor. Twenty T third and Guerrero sts.
4— No. 332S Twenty-second st_
s— No. 27364 Mission st.
6— No. 2552 Howard st.
7— Oppositf 3376 Twenty-fifth Bt., cor. Lilac aye.
B— No. 14!>2 Valencia st.
9— No. 3012 Mission at
10— S. TV. cor. Alabama st. and Preclta aye.
11— No. 3157 Mission St.
12— No. 3377 Mission St.
13— No. 3625 Mission ft.
14— S. E. cor. Silver aye. and Mission et.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct. •
I— Ashbury St., S. W. cor. Frederick.
2— Front of No. 2508 Market et.
B— No. 2249 Market St., bet. Sanchez and Six-
teenth.
4— No. 335 Noe Ft.
6— No. 3251 Sixteenth st.
6— S. W. cor. Church and Seventeenth e«ts.
7— S. W. cor. Seventeenth and Diamond sta
B— No. 535 Castro st.
9 — No. 940 Sanchez st
10— opposite No. 3612 Nineteenth st.
11— No. 394S Twenty-fifth st.
12— N. W*. cor. Diamond and Elizabeth sts
13— No. 4106 Twenty-fourth st.
14— No. 426 Twenty-ninth st.
15— S. E. cor. Dolores and Duncan sta.
16 — N. E. cor. Day and Sanchez sts.
17— No. 4543 Eighteenth st.
IS— S. W. cor. X st. and Ninth aye.
19— N. E. cor. Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts
20— W. s. Mission st., bet. Hyland and West
21— No. 4620 Mission st.
22— No. 226 Sadowa st.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— No. 301 Franklin et.
2— No. IS2S Market st.
3— No. 25 Page st.
4— S. E. cor. Gough st. and Lily aye.
s— Front of 418 Octavla st.
6— No. 609 Laguna st.
7— E. s. Laguna. bet. Hayes and Fell sts.
B— W. s. Octavla, bet. Lfly aye and Page si.
9— S. W. cor. Guerrero and Market sts.
10— S. W. cor. Webster and Germania aye.
11— N. "W. cor. Buchanan and Haight sts
12— S. W. cor. Buchanan and Hayes stß.
13— S. W. cor. Oak and Webster sts.
14— Front of No. 208 Pierce st.
15— Front of 115 Scott st.
16— No. 930 Oak st.
17— S. s. Haight, opposite Lyon st.
18— N. W. cor. Devisadero and Haight sta.
19— Front of 411 Baker st.
20- s. W. cor. Clayton and Haight *ts.
21— W. 8. Stanyan, bet. Waller and Beulah sta.
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— N. E. cor. Eddy and Franklin sts.
2— No. 640 Golden Gate aye.
3— Front of 512 Franklin st.
4— N. E. cor. Octavla and Grove its.
s— No. 717 McAllister sts.
6— S. E. cor. Laguna and Willow aw,
7— Front of 1222 Webster st.
B—Webster,8 — Webster, cor. Laurel aye.
9— No. 1010 Buchanan st.
10— S. W. cor. Fulton and Buchanan ata.
11— Front of No. 901 Webster st.
12- -No. 1036 Pierce et.
IS— N. E. cor. Steiner and Ellis sta.
14— Front of No. 1205 Pierce st.
15— Front of No. 1104 Scott at.
16— No. 707 Devisadero st.
17— Front of 611 Lyon st.
18— No. 2544 McAllister et.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— N. E. cor. Van Ness aye. and Hayes at
2— No. 209 Polk st.
3— Opposite No. 137 Larkin et.
4 — Front of No. 14 Hyde st.
s— Front of 101 Hyde st.
6— Front of No. 20ft Leavenworth st.
7— Front of 336 Hyde st.
B— Front of 211 Hyde Bt.
9— No. 522 Polk st. ,
10— No. 510 Turk at. /
11— N. E. cor. Polk and Willow ay»
12— No. 407 Hyde £t. '
POLITICAL.
13— Front of 304 Leavenworth st.
14— No. 657 Geary st.
15— E. cor. G?ary and Hyde sts.
16— No. 1026 .Larkin st.
17— N. E. cor. Parrel! and Polk sts.
IS— No. 1006 Polk st.
19— Opposite No. 1334 Bush st.
Front of 1206 Larkin st.
21— Opposite J.'o. li- ; Pine st.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— S. W. cor. Franklin and Pine sts.
2— E. cor. Frankljn and Posts sts.
3-No. 1669 Post st.
4— N. W. cor. Laguna and Sutter sts.
— S. E. cot. Pine and Octavla sts.
B— S. E. cor. Pine and Buchanan sts.
7— No. 2006 Fillmore st.
B— No. 1904 Fillmore st.
9— K. cor. Webster and Geary sts.
10— Front of 1909 Post st.
11— Opposite No. 24SS Bush st.
12— W. cor. Pine and Scott st*.
Front of 1702 Broderick st.
14— No. 1602 Devisadero St.
15— Front of No. 1410 Baker st.
16— S. W. cor. Lynn and Pine sts.
17 — S. E. cor. Cook and Point Lobos aye.
IS— No. Sl3 Point Lobos aye.
19— No. IS2I Point Lobos aye.
20-^No. 3124 Point Lobos aye.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of 1716 Larkin st.
2— Front of 1824 Hyde st.
3— Front of 2320 Larkin st
4 — W. cor. Larkin and Lombard sts.
5 — N. W. cor. Broadway and Larkin st.
6— Front of 1623 Jackson st.
7— No. 1616 Polk st.
B— S. W. cor. Jackson and Octavla sts.
9— Opposite 2205 Webster st.
10— N. E. cor. Vallejo and Franklin sts.
11— No. 2930 Octavia st.
12— W. cor. Filbert and Fillmore sts.
13— Opposite No. 1831 Green st. -
14— S. W. cor. Vallejo and Webster st«.
15— Front of 2517 Clay st.
16— Front of 2903 Washington st.
17— Front of 3106 Clay st.
18— W. cor. Greenwich and Scott its. ■
19— No. 206 Maple st.
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct. -
Front of No. 127 Turk st.
2— Front of No. 222 Taylor at.
3— No. 214 Eddy st.
4— No. 208^i Ellis st.
Front of No. 317 Mason st.
6— Front of No. 427 Taylor st.
7— Front of No. 739 Putter st.
B— Front of 1046 Bush St.
9— N. E. cor. Leavenworth and Pine sts.
10— Front of 910 Bush st.
11— Opposite No. 1209 Taylor st.
12— N.W. cor. Pacific and Taylor sts.
! IS— Front of No. 1024 Hyde st.
14— No. 1313 Pacific st.
15— No. 1220 Pacific st.
\ FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— N. E. cor. Mason and Eddy eta. ' .
2— Front of No. 216 Mason st.
Opposite 225 Geary st.
Front of 110 Grant aye.
6 — Front of 315 Stockton st.
6— Front of No. 713 Bush st.
Front of No. 633 B%sh st.
B— No. 620 Bush st.
9— No. 522 Bush St. '
10— Front of 427 Bush st
11— Front of 1222 Stockton St.
12— No. 1025 Stockton st.
13— Front of 1007 Powell st.
14 — 1322 Mason st.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of No. 527 Green st.
2— N. E. cor. Green and Dupont sts.
3— Front of No. 707 Vallejo st.
Front of No. 512 Union st.
Front of No. ISIS Stockton st.
6— Front of No. 224 Francisco st.
Front of No. 2006 Powell st.
B—Front8 — Front of No. 414 Francisco st.
9— Front of No. 700 "Greenwich st.
10 — S. W. cor. Greenwich and Mason sts.
11 — S. W. cor. Powell and Union sts.
12— Front of No. 603 Green St.
13— Front of No. 2200 Taylor st.
14 — Front of No. 1716 Leavenworth st.
15— W. cor. Greenwich and Taylor st».
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
Precinct.
1— W. cor. Putter and Montgomery sts.
2— No. 330 Bush st. .V
No. 541 Clay st.
— No. 624 Clay st.
No. 641 Washington st.
6— No. 544 Clay st.
Front of 326 Drumm st.
B— No. 213 Broadway st.
9— No. 433 Pacific st.
10— No. 522 Pacific st.
Front of 806 Battery st.
12— No. 1324 Kearny st.
JEREMIAH OEASY
For Sheriff.
A man of Mr. Deasy's firm and
upright character and execu-
tive ability, as demonstrated by
his record as Supervisor, is
-, needed in the Sheriff's office.
Vote for him.
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
For CITY ATTORNEY,
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nomine*.
FOR SUPERVISOR.
MILO S. JEFFERS,
- REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
M. J. FONTANA.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
1899-TAXES-1899
' f ..;:.-. ■:-'-'■ '"'. . *
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
November 27. at 8 o'clock d. m,
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 18. .
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25. from 7 to 8
o'clock.
EDWARD I. 6HEEHAN,
Tax Collector. of, the City and County of San
Francisco. .•
KJ BKSrJ bl t^tii, ts! c* *-» va
El Vmsi * hfß b »» £k *3lJg3
Ehh p**j aw* \V | ' Ja K9 bJ*£?i Jkss
™™^ ifiTAI IQ
«|£Jlf* Si I MLB©
«*r &^C7/Jl| cDriirDl
ryariothD» .^mJliz 7T rncliiUilii
VITALIS 20thD tSZ. M DCMCnV
PRODI (KS THE ABUTS \ 30th Day. litsll EU 111
RESULTS. It quickly sorely removes Vrvonsr.es.', Losses, Evil
Dreams, Wasting Diseases A all effects of sell-abuse or excesses A
indiscretions. Restores Lost Titality, I^wer * Failing Memory.
I Wards off Im»nity.nd Consumption. Caret when all othrrsf.-.il.
Insist on having VITALIS, no other.- Can.be carried in vest
pocket. By mail $1.00 per paekace » mi for *5.00 with a
guarantee to Core or Refund the Jinn 7. Circular Free. Address
CALI MET CURE CO.. 884 J'enrborn Mm hli a«»
. . Sold in San Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
WeellrEall $11 w YearFOSTER PREDICTS THE
DEFEAT OF MEAN
Money and Expansion Questions a
Disturbing Influence in Ohio
Politics.
S~>\ INCINNATI, Nov. The most
| significant development in the Ohio
I campaign since yesterday Is the
V_y prediction made by ex-Governor
Charles Poster, who has been speak
ing throughout the State. He estimates
the total vote of the State at 975,000, of
which Nash (R.) will get not less than
465.000. McLean (D.) not more than 410.000,
and Jones (Non-Partisan) and all others j
■will divide the remainder. Yet Mr. Foster
paid there was a strong probability that
Jones would cut down this estimate on
the leading candidates, but if he did three
fourths of the cutting would be on the
McLean vote. Mr. Foster predicts that
the Republicans will secure both nouses
of the Legislature.
A peculiar feature of the campaign has
been the use by both parties of utterances
of ex-Senator J*>hn Sherman. Senator
Sherman has a warm feeling for Judge
Nash, and the Republican papers have
published telegrams from him showing
that feeling. One printed to-day, ad
dressed to Chairman Dick of the Repub
lican State Committee, says:
"I feel the deepest solicitude for the elec
tion of Judge Nash. It will mean victory
for sound money and prosperity."
It is also well known that Mr. Sherman
has a cordial feeling for President Mc-
Klnley and Senator Hanna and that he
openly antagonizes the President's Phil
ippine policy. Hence the Democratic pa
pers have been .publishing- Interviews and
■dispatches from ex-Senator Sherman indi
cating his position in that regard. One
of the latter addressed to the editor of an
Ohio Democratic paper contained the fol
lowing:
"I am strongly opposed to the enforced !
annexation of the Philippine Islands. The
seizure of any port of the Philippines
against their will is an aggressive viola
tion of the law of nations."
It is claimed by Republicans that the
alienation of Republicans who disagree
with the administration on the Philippine
question will be more than offset by the
Democrats who believe in upholding the
CJovernment and who oppose silver.
BROKER IS CONFIDENT
-Claims a Large Democratic Plurality
for New Ycrk County.
NKTV YORK, Nov. B.— Richard Crokor
»- • • Tammany district ■
ncreasing their estimates of the
Democratic majorities, H<> claims 50,0 )
or more plurality in New V<<rk County.
Thr Republicans claim ;i small plurality
ticket. In the campaign
: purp< ise at the Republic
New Fork charter so as to give
Albany more power over affairs in tnis
< i;y has been taken up by Tammany,
■whi' ■ ■ to win several districts in
city v.-;th the "home rule*" cry. The
■inion is that the I.»<-moornts
•will Ernin Half its. Except for
■ labor mpn,
lign has lagged,
the bad »1 I fights be
nd Citizens' union In
tnbly districts having reacted on
■ the Nineteenth As
sembly District, where Robert Mazet <R.)
is up for re-election, Tammany has mafic
impaigiia ever waged
in New York City.
BLOOD MAY BE SHED.
Warm Time Expected at the Election
in Kentucky.
CTSVIL.LE, Nov. i>.— Ante-election
".< 5 3 to-night oy a re
• containing a hint of
part of United States
s in connection w'th
1 n view >.f the widely
is to the possibility of
h< d nexi Tuesday,
- -<I much speculation. It
said to have been r<
•rthy at Frank
- .m Mr. James, notifying him not to
isday and to be
: • ■ orders oy tele
■mm Federal head
lisville. This, it is <=aid,
■ ar sent to all Deputy
!
: the I^ouisville I>egion,
Breakfast CoToa J
WTs?~Ls f (mechnn cni " race «^ WBHtomSiZP^^t 'iSSflHl
Vjff/f Ir '" r l hose whose taste
WM/m/( prefers that kind V"
fgß / r)4)t >>■
%\\ Prepared by a new process entirely >ll^llP
3§i iV^* our own. It is equal in purity, supe- Wi^
r^ or ' n freshness, and, therefore in xjplj
|||ptg|^ strength and flavor, to' the best 'im- / M
||||||i ported Dutch cocoas. Sells for less. Hi
Wljr*P 4- Jb 30c. ; lib 60c Jjjlj
fi\V/ " !t lBnt at your £ roccp> * ask him to 1
Bk v > ct '* f° r you. \&t
f^%^ E GfIIBAfiDELLI CO., S. F. II
Eastman Kodaks
REDUCED 33^ PER CENT,
Ke. 8 Boll'o Eye, regular $3.00 now $5,35
No. 4 Bnli's Eye. r«gala,r 12.00 now $9.00
Its. i Cartridge Kodak, regular $25.... now $16.65
ALL. OTHERS IN PROPORTION.
OPTICIANS^^o^atw,
642 Market st. insTRUHtHTs
imofK CHOntCLf turn nixi.
fiF F4VORITE
JL FOR WEAK TYOMEW .
the local organisation of militia, to-night
ordered Company B to be in readiness for
duty if called. Feeling is intense, but it
is generally so just before an election in
Kentucky. The campaign will be closed
to-morrow night in this city by Candidate
Goebel and Governor Bradley.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Nov. s.— Colonel
■ Roger D. Williams. Second Regiment,
i Ptat« Guards, to-day wired all companies
under his command to ascertain what
Fupplies of ball cartridges they had on
I hand and if they were prepared to respond
If suddenly called upon. It is intimated
to-night that troops may be called to
Louisville on election day to preserve the
law where trouble is threatened.
DEMOCRATS LOSE HEART.
Republicans Expect to Carry Perm-
sylvania by a Large Majority.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 5. — Chairman
Rrrder of the Republican State Conimit
-1 tee said to-night that his estimate ba«ed
i upon reports from every county in the
i State is that the Republican State ticket
will have -i plurality of at least 175.U00
votes.
! > • inoeratic State Chairman Rilling said
; to-night:
"We frankly state that we cannot hope
to win ; f the fraudulent conditions in
Philadelphia that have existed In the past
are to continue next Tuesday."
"Should these alleged fraudulent con
ditions not prevail, Mr. Rilling expressed
the belief that Mr. Creasy, the Demo
cratic candidate for State Treasurer, will
be elected by a handsome majority.
LOSSES AGGREGATE A
HALF MILLION DOLLARS
Kansas City Fire the Most Disastrous
That Ever Visited the Busi
ness District.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. s.— Half a
million dollars' worth of property was de
stroyed after midnight by the fire that
started in Jones Bros.' big department
! store on North Main and Sixth streets;
1 and spread to half a block of other build
' ings on Main and Walnut streets. The
i aggregate insurance is estimated at $375,
--000. The heaviest losers are Jones Bros.,
who estimate their stock, which was to
tally destroyed, as worth $300,000. The in
surance carried by this firm amounted to
&2 per cent of the loss. It was the most
destructive fire that has ever visited
the uptown business district.
The other heavy losers are: Jones
building 551-561 Main street, owned by "W.
C. Lobenstein, i%ew York, $60,000; Jones
annex, 557 Main street, owned by Major
Investment Company, $15,000; Humboldt
building. 601 Main street, owned by W. C.
Lobenstein, $20,000; L. M. Emrich. stock
of dry goods. 601 Main street, $15,000; M. Q.
Qulnn, groceries, 529-531 Main street. $25.
--000; St. James Hotel (unoccupied). 514-516
Walnut street. $18,000; the Flavel Shoe
Company, Snodgrass <lt Co.. and the
Chandler Commission Company suffered
minor losses.
MORGAN CITY SINKS AGAIN.
Workmen Withdrawn Just After She
Had Been Floated.
TACOMA, Nov. s.— The transport Mor
gan City was floated last month by work
ers dispatched from a Japanese dock
lompany at Nng-asakl. The work was
nearly finished when a dispute arose
between the dock company and repre
sent h tives of the ship owners, causing
withdrawal of the workmen. The fol
lowing week a hard storm arose and the
sank so that the water rose above
her mast s. There is little probability
of raising her. The dispute was regard
ing payment for the work.
Mail advices state that arrangements
are being made to raise the stranded
American cable ship Hooker, which lies
on Corregidor [sland, Manila Bay. She
has about a hundred miles of cable
aboard, valued at $000 a mile.
VICTORY FOR CASTRO.
CARACAB, Nov. s.— After a blockade
of two days. Puerto Cabello has sur
rendered to General Cipriano Castro and
the officials of the de facto Government.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
Th« Book of the century. Handnom*l»
£re^elt te Bthirty8 thirty - tWO ° the World '
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In. subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
F\jnd. Subscribe any amount desired
Subscriptions as low as $1 wilt entltla
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(doth bound, BxU). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of th«
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the "ate Eugene Field
and the F"und for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
; /if childhood. ArVlro**
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT 80UVES'IR FUND,
180 Monroe St.; Chicago.
(Also nt Book Stores.)
It you also wish to send postage, enclose
\ 10 cents.
Ifentbn this Journal, as Adv. Is Inserted as
V our Contribution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
KENT IS NOW
SORRY HE SPOKE
Fully Retracts Former
Statements.
NOTHING AGAINST CLARK
TEE TONGUE PROVES ITSELF AN
UNRULY MEMBER.
Stephens' Following Decreases Each
Day and the Success of the
Republican Nominee Is
Assured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 6.— Trustee Kent,
■whose vicious attack on George Clark, the
Republican candidate for Mayor, caused
a mild sensation a few days ago, is out
with a statement in which he says that
he made a mistake in attacking Clark,
and is sorry for it. This statement ap
pear 3in to-day's issue of the Sunday
News, and is remarkable in many re
spects.
After declaring that he was cajoled Into
saying that Clark had asked him to join
the combination which was said to have
existed in the Board of Trustees, Kent
says: "I want to tell Clark that 1 did
not intend to do him any harm when I
was interviewed by the reporter who
wrote the article.. 1 was led into a trap
and foolishly allowed my tongue to run
away with my head. George has been
one of my best friends. Out of sympathy
for my condition he induced me to ac
company him to Stockton, where he had
me placed in a private asylum. After
being discharged I felt sore against him,
as I did not think he had a right to have
me immured in an insane asylum.
"I intended to speak to him neverthe
less, and pretend to be friendly, but when
1 met him he gave me the "glassy eye.'
Of course I felt hurt and resolved never
to speak to him again. Now I realize
that 1 was a little 'off,' and that George
did right in having me confined in an
asylum. I used to go where there was
music, as the sweet strains of a church
organ or a piano would relieve my head.
] realize that I did many things at the
time that were queer and showed that 1
was 'nutty.' I don't like the way the
newspapers act. You know during the
Yon Arnold incident 1 went to the paper
that published the stuff about my friend,
George. (lark, and lifting my hand to my
Maker swore that 1 had never taken a
cent that did not rightfully belong to me.
N"t withstanding my solemn avowal, that
same paper published some things that
w«re not to my credit, and it kind of
hurt me. I don't like the newspapers to
pry into a man's private affairs and l
don't think that evening paper should
have published anything about my friend,
George Clark.
"I am sorry he referred to my asylum
experience, i admit 1 started the fuss,
but 1 don't want him or anybody else to
say that 1 was an inmate of a private
insane asylum. 1 now warn him and his
friends tnat if the newspapers publish
another story that my mind is disordered
and that 1 am crazy 1 will take matter*
in my own hands.
"If they do there will be serious trouble
and somebody will suffer, even If 1 have
to go to jail for it. 1 know I will get a
fair trial for anything that I may Jo. I
again warn all of you not to have the
newspapers say that I am crazy or that
1 was an inmate of an insane asylum. 1
may not br able to get even in one way,
but I will in another. If they continue to
hound me 1 will get out on the street cor
ners and tell what I know about the do
ings of the Board of Trustees."
i he statement was made in the presence
of William M. Sims, chairman of the Re
publican city central committee and sev
eral other responsible citizens.
The colored citizens arc making a vig
orous light against Stephens, the Demo
cratic candidate. Prank J. Butler, one of
the lt-ading colored citizens and a promi
nent Mason, is leading the opposition
against the candidacy of Stephens. When
Been to-day he said:
"Yes, it is true that the colored voters
of Sacramento are unalterably opposed to
Stephens. He showed his true colors
when in IS7O he voted against the fifteenth
amendment giving the negro the right to
vote. He was then a member of the Leg
islature and became known as the hated
enemy of the colored people of this State.
Out of the 30 colored voters in this city it
.is extremely doubtful if Stephens gets a
half dozen. Even if it were not for his
malodorous record 1 would not vote for
him.
"His career in the past shows him to be
unfit for the office hi- now seeks. Every
respectable citizen, whether he be white
or colored, should work to encompass his
defeat. He has always been an enemy of
good government, particularly friendly
with the corporations and o posed to the
men who toil for a living. Mr. ("lark, his
opponent, is a representative citizen, char
itable to a fault, and always ready and
anxious to assist the poor and down-trod
den What Sacramento needs is a young,
man like Mr. Clark to handle the reins of
government. lie knows the needs of the
city, and as we have entered upon a new
era of prosperity it becomes the bounden
duty of every citizen to take off his coat,
so to speak, and see that he is elected by
a handsome majority."
SHARKEY IS ANXIOUS
FOR ANOTHER FIGHT
Defeated Pugilist Is Still Suffering
From the Effects of Jef
fries' Blows.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— Thomas Sharkey,
I In pain and encased in a plaster support,
' spent to-day quietly in his quarters. He
was constantly attended by his physi
cians, who ordered him to be absolutely
quiet. The defeated pugilist was restive
and uncomfortable till a sleeping powder
I had been administered. Then he fell into
a deep Bleep, which lasted all afternoon.
The burden of Sharkey's talk was that
he wanted to meet Jeffries again. The
champion, on the other hand, while de
claring that he was in the hands of his
managers, asserted his willingness to
grant the sailor his desire, though ho did
not see why he should be expected to
do so.
"But, you know," he said, "there is
such a thing as being driven to a fight."
Sharkey said that he wanted another
fight in eight weeks, and. was going to
post $5000 forfeit to-morrow. ORourke,
his manager, said he was doing his best
to bring the match about.
"To-morrow morning early," O'Rourke
said. "1 am going to post with George
f'onsldine a $5000 forfeit to get a return
match with Jeffries. It will be a bet as
well as a forfeit. Sharkey says he feels
all right and can fight at the end of eiu'ht
weeks. I think, however, that the period
is too short and I will name four months
as the time. I do not know whether Jef
fries and his manager will cover this or
not, but we will leave it to the general
public to decide haw just our position is.
; Jeffries, owes it to Shnrkey and the public
ti K\yi us another match. We are in
i earnest about this. Shnrkey feels lie [a
the better man ;iml he ought to have a
1 fair chance to prove It."
Brady aaid, when asked about a return
i match: "What I have determined Is this:
Jeffries needs a rest. He would have
knocked Sharkey clean out early in the
! light iC he had been recovered from his
fight with Fitzsimmons. He has licked
I Sharkey twice. J think It will be next
I August before Jeffries has another fieht,
! and my impressions are that it will take
I place In ParlF."
Volunteers Reacn Home.
TACOMA. Nov. s.— Companies A, C, E
I and L, of the First Washington Regiment,
arrived to-day. Company F went direct
I home from Portland to Dayton, and Com
' pany Q of Vancouver stopped at its home.
, <"<>inpanles A and L of Spokane went to
Spokane at 7 o'clock to-night, while the
| Mala %\alla, Taooma and Yakima com
panies will attend the Seattle celebration
the Tacoma company going over in the
[ rn.irning and the other two leaving late
I to-night. A banquet and reception were
; tendered the companies here to-day, and a
parade of military and civic societies es
corted the companies to the banquet halls
The provisions of the charter will be carried
out if Dr. Thomas H. Morris is elected Super
visor. •
TROUBLE BREWING
AT MARE ISLAND
A General Strike Is
Threatened.
SHIPWRIGHTS DISSATISFIED
SOME HAVE ALREADY ASKED
FOR DISCHARGE TICKETS.
Other Tradesmen Will Probably Join
in the Demand for the Restora
tion of the Old
Schedule.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Nov. s.— From present indi
cations the former good relations exist
ing between the' Government on the one
hand and the employes of the United
States navy yard at Mare Island on the
other are destined to be strained to a
grave degree in the near future.
Friday at noon fifty-one shipwrights re
quested from the naval constructor in
chaise of the construction and repair de
partment an increase of wages or their
discharge. The latter course was taken.
On Friday two more did likewise. This
action Is the result of the decision of the
Board of Wages last July recommending
to the Secretary of the Navy a reduction
of shipwright's pay from $4 SO to $4 24 per
day. In the "good old days" on Mare
island these men received $5 04 per day.
Tt is asserted by the shipwrights that
Naval Constructor Frank W. Hibbs, a
member of the Board of Wages, is di
rectly responsible tor this reduction of
wages and fathered it first and last. This
has made him very unpopular among the
men, and vengeance is threatened on all
sides. Advertisements have appeared in
the San Francisco papers calling for ship
wrights, but none have applied for work.
Telegrams have been sent to Portland
and the Northwest for shipwrights with
little hope of sticcess.
The United States steamship Hartford
lies in the large stone dock with huge
openings in her sides, awaiting the handi
work of the shipwright, while telegraphic
orders lie on the desk of the captain's
cabin for th.-> Hartford to leave Mare Isl
and with the least possible delay.
And this is not all. There are whisper
ings In town to-night that other trades
men sympathizing with the shipwrights
and smarting under the sting of previous
i reductions of wages and tyrannical treat-
I ment will quietly request a resumption
j of previous pay v request their discharge
ticket. This wouijl 7io doubt include the
! spur makers, ship joiners and boat build-
I ers.
The large force of men employed In the
yard since the Spanish war is rapidly be
\np reduced until now it numbers about
I 1200. On Saturday last IIS were dls
j charged from the construction and repair
; department and ten from the equipment
department.
BATTLE ROYAL IN
THE SAN RAFAEL JAIL
Five "British" Officers Held at Bay
by a "Boer"' Man and
Woman.
PAX RAFAEL. Nov. S.— "Wow! They
are the British and we the Boors. Give
It to them, Mike." With those martial
words of encouragement, Mary Cuneo, a
woman whose name is known In every
Police / Court in San Francisco, rushed to
the assistance of a drunken laborer
named Michael Murello, In the County
.Tail to-night, and swatted Constable
Apnew viciously over the head with a
piece of board. Murello swung a chair
with equal effect, and in a minute's time
the two Boers, male and female, had driv
en five stalwart officers o" ih< law into
an outer room and laagered themselves
mar a stairway. It took thirty minutes
for the British to recover their lost ter
ritory, during which time the County Jail
witnessed what was perhaps the most ex
citing scene In its history.
Murello was arrested to-night in ihe
South End for visiting the house of his
divorced wife and ejecting her from the
premises, with a threat that he would
take her life. Simultaneously the Cuneo
woman was arrested at the broad-guage
depot for disturbing the peace. The
woman reached the prison first, and when
Murello was led in. kicking, biting and
cursing, she pave her war cry and led
him on to temporary victory against the
officers.
During the melee Jailkeeper Gooige
Atchley nearly had his head broken by
a piece of coal] which he had dodged in
the nick of time, and Marsha! Healy
closed a door none too soon to avoid a
heavy billet of wood. Threats and coax-
Ing were of no avail, and the drunken
man and woman had too much ammu
nition in stock in the shape of broken
chairs, pieces of coal and other missiles
to risk a direct attack. Strategy prevailed
at the expiration of a half hour. An
armored train was formed of an old door
and two constables, and while the atten
tion of the Boers was detracted by a
skirmish from the rear, the constables
li. !ii the door before them and rushed
the two frenzied prisoners. They were
overpowered and placed in rolls, while the
officials adjourned for refreshments.
ANGLO-SAXON ENTENTE
ON CHINESE QUESTION
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— The Journal's
Washington correspondent says: The al
liance between Gr^Jit Britain and the
United States as to the Chinese question
has at last assumed concrete form. The
State Department has sought to create
the impression than not even an under
standing lias been reached, but on Sat
urday no effort to disguise the fact was
made.
The T'nited States and Great Britain
will forcibly resist any agresslon made
by European powers in China.
Secretary Hay sent for Rear Admiral
Crownlnsbield, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, and the two conferred for a
half hour. Secretary Hay. it is under
stood, wanted to ascertain, first, when
the last of the reinforcements for the As
iatic fleet already ordered would reach
Asiatic waters; second, what other ves
sels would be available for duty In the
Orient In the event of an emergency re
quiring further reinforcements.
Rear Admiral Crowninshield replied
that the Brooklyn, now at Port Said
would reach its destination !n less than
three weeks; the New Orleans, at Porto
del Gado, in five weeks; the Marietta
nearing Gibraltar, in four weeks; the
Nashville, at Gibraltar, at. out the same
time; the Newark, at Honolulu, in less
than three weeks.
In answer to the second question It Is
understood Crowninshif-M replied the yes
sels Immediately available in an emer
gency call were Schley's squadron.
SULU GROUP WORTHLESS
TO THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— "We shall nev
er be able to make anything out of the
Sulu Islands and they will prove a verita
ble white elephant. If we could exchange
them with Holland for the island of Cura
coa in the Oarribean Sea, for a considera
tion, we should be fortunate, and it would
also secure us a good neighbor in the Phil
ippines."
These are the conclusions of lieutenant
A. P. Niblack, now on duty on board the
battleship Oregon.
"The Spanish have never been able to
collect any revenues and their occupation
has only been effective in the last few
years. We shall be obliged to police the
islands by means of gunboats. The Dutch
have talent for handling these East In
dian people, and besides have native
troops and police."
Lieutenant Niblack then spoke of the
advisability of transferring the islands to
the Dutch in exchange for Ouracoa.
Hobart's Condition the Same.
PATERSON, Nov. s.— There was no
improvement in the condition of Vice
President Hobart to-day. Messages of
sympathy were received from President
McKlnley, Secretary and Mrs. Hay and
General Wesley Merritt. Among the call
ers at the Hobart residence was Attorney
General Griggs.
EXPEDITION SENT TO
SURROUND AGUINALDO
Troops Moving From Three Direc=
lions for the Attack on the
Filipino Capital.
MANILA, Nov. s.— This evening a ,
fleet of transports and gunboats
left Manila for the most impor
tant expedition of the autumn
campaign. Its destination is sup
posed to be Dagupan or some other north
ern port.
General Wheaton commands, with a
brigade consisting of the Thirteenth In
fantry, the Thirty-third Infantry, two
guns of the Sixth Artillery and two Gat
llngs. The transports Sheridan. Francisco
de Reyes and Aztec carry- the troops, with
the gunboat Helena as escort.
A dispatch boat was sent ahead to ar
range a rendezvous with the United
States cruiser Charleston and the other
warships that are patrolling the north
coast of Luzon.
It is assumed here that the purpose of
the expedition is to move down the Dagu
! pan-Manila Railroad toward Tarlac, or to
! prevent Aguinaldo's forces making anoth
ier base farther north. Dagupan and Ap
parri are the strongholds of the Insur
gents in the north.
It has been the unanimous opinion of
military experts that Dagupan should be
made the base of operations, but sufficient
troops have heretofore been lacking. With
Generals Wheaton, Mac Arthur and Law
ton moving upon Tarlac from three direc
tions and the mountains hemming in the
other side, the insurgents' capital will
soon become untenable. Agulnaldo may
attempt to shift his headquarters to the
rich tobacco country at the northern end
of the island. It will be difficult for the
insurgents* to escape.
Should the concerted operations succeed,
organized insurrection on a large scale
should be at an end early next spring, al
though guerrilla warfare is likely to con
tinue for a long time. No one anticipates
that the insurgents will make many hard
battles.
CORRESPONDENT ROSS
DEFENDS GENERAL OTIS
HONOLULU, Oct. 27.— E. C. Ross, war
correspondent of Frank Leslie's Weekly,
is one of the passengers on the transport
Ohio on his way from the Philippines to
the Transvaal. He has been at the front
with the American forces for about six
months and is going now to watch the
fiKhting of the English and Boers. Mr.
Ross is quite familiar with the state of
affairs in Luzon and in Guam, where the
Ohio stopped on its way up.
Regarding the campaigning under Otis.
Mr. Ross s;rys that very little is being
done at the present time," and the general
is waiting for more men. "I do not un
derstand the attacks upon General Otis
unless politics is the cause." said the
journalist. "It began in the States and
not In Manila. As a matter of fact, there
has been no particular call for general
ship recently, no very active operations
being attempted. In my experience there
was no difficulty with the general, and I
never suffered from his reported changing
of matter submitted to the censor." At
Guam Mr. Koss reports very quiet condi
tions.
The United States steamship Yosemite
is in the harbor. Her marines are put at
work in the city and are bitter in com
plaints regarding their treatment. They
are compelled to labor in the sewers and
on the streets and to do work that the
natives refuse to do.
Several other of the correspondents at
Manila are leaving via Eastern route to
go to the Transvaal.
Two deaths occurred on the voyage,
fi;l What sort of an overcoat do j|
I Is it a short covert, just long i
j yLt enough to come to your knees, H
I for about gi2. 50? We have it. gj
I J s a rou gh cheviot or ker- 9
ii mi II se y a^ ou^- on § enough to cover \\
1 o £ if I n your knees for $ie or so ? We
I fl I fl| Is it a finely made, smooth ll
I \ JLj*» : i^J finished vicuna, silk faced and g
H *\^l V silk lined, long enough to cover I
£a ]f\ f I a f roc coat, say for $20 or $25 ? g
I Wgj N^ is it something else — some- H
I M ill thing you cannot describe but ||
\ ||f ■il can tell when you see it ?Itis H
\ Iff ill almost certain that we will have m
; I Our "Yeargood" overcoats comprise about Mi
P everything in overcoats. You get our guarantee g| -
I — a year's repairing free. p
H You should see what we have just received — p
nij a good line of overcoats at very reasonable fe
p Cheviots in blue or black for $7.1,0. H
] . Royal Kerseys for $10.00. Jm
1 Children's Top Coats §9
i Made of covert material, a desirable shade, fly ii
m front, two pockets, ages 4to 9 years, for |||
I $ a to ■ iH
11 g|fe) s. w .wo opa co (W) I
I j \Qn3y "71 a MARKET 51 '^fLO^y $
. .;','! Out-of-town orders filled — write us. M
John Mauk of the First Colorado and v
Cullen of the Fourt#nth Infantry dyini
of dysentery. There are three others now
in the hospital with the same disease.
INSURGENTS PUNISHED
BY SMITH AND O'BRIEN
MANILA. Nov. 6.— Two columns of |
General Mac Arthur's division yesterday |
took Magaling, about six mil^s northeast |
of Angeles. Colonel Smith, with two bat
talions of the Seventh Infantry, two guns
of the First Artillery and a body of engi
neers, advanced from Angeles. Major
O'Brien, with a battalion of the Seven
teenth Infantry and two troops of the
Fourth Cavalry, moved from Calulut.
Colonel Smith killed eleven insurgents,
wounded 128 and captured fifty, as well
as taking a lot of insurgent transporta
tion.
Major O'Brien killed . forty-nine insur
gents, wounded many and took twenty
eight prisoners. The Americans had I
eleven men wounded.
General "Wheaton will start In the I
morning with the Thirteenth and Thirty
third regiments, with two 3-inch and two
Gatling guns, and will proceed on the
transports Sheridan, Aztec and Francisco
Reyes to a port on the gulf of Lingayen,
which is to the northwest of that part j
of the country in which the principal ope
rations are now being tarried on. The j
gunboat Helena will accompany this ex- I
pedition. The Charleston is already in the
gulf and the Bennington may co-operate
in the movement.
After landing Wheaton's column will
move eastward toward the Caraballo |
Mountains. In the meantime Lawton, j
whose force is moving to the northwest,
will endeavor to connect with Wheaton
and prevent the enemy's escape through
the Caraballo Mountains into the north
ern provinces.
Mac Arthur's column will continue
steadiiy northward, clearing the country
between him and Lawton and Wheaton. i
The insurgents are hurriedly digging in- j
trenchments along the twenty miles of j
road from Aliaga to Tarlac, and also I
along other roads leading to Tarlac. j
Heavy intrenchments have also been
thrown up in front of Bambam, some
seventeen miles south of Tarlac on the
line of the Dagupan railway.
Lawton's scouts have been far to the
north of Cabanatuan toward the road
leading from Tayug to Bayonbong. This
and one other are the only roads cross
ing the mountains. The Americans will
occupy these roads in force. The rebels
will thus be compelled to use rough, nar
row trails, which will necessitate much
splitting of their forces in order to effect
an escape.
The most recent information shows that
Aguinaldo is still at Tarlac, despite re
ports that the rebels had abandoned that
place and were fleeing northward. There
lis a large insurgent hospital at Tayug.
Reports received by Otis show the in
surgent <apital to have been partly re
moved to Bayambang, about twenty-four
miles northwest of Tarlac.
Railroads and rolling stock have been
practically destroyed by the rebels. The
rebels are in hard straits for ammunition.
They are mostly using a had quality of
self-made black powder and working nurd
with ancient Spanish artillery, -"'ighting
BOUfn of the Manila line will be confined
to what is absolutely necessary to main
tain the present position. The real ob
jective point is north, and it is in this di
rection the chief efforts will be made. It
seems now that there is a good prospect
of comparatively early success.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
LLEBENBAUM
«»-& CO**
X 222-224 SUTTER STREET +
If you intend to remember your friend* **
I at Manila for Xmas. place your orders
I now. The Government receives pack- X
T ages up to the 23d inst.— not later. We ""
y pack and ship goods free. "♦"
+ +
I SPECIAL REDUCTIONS I
I TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY t
I Butter £!««££■ 40c per sq J
Last week 55c. "▼"
X Soap, "Old Family," 201b box 95c I
4- Dry and hard; full 16-oz. cakes. -*-
I 4. Regularly $1.20. +.
X 0 X Whisky 3 bottles $2 X
♦■ Sour Mash, 7-year-old  __ " -4-
■♦■ blend. Regularly $1 £3 Oil S3 ♦
j4- bottle; $4 gallon. &hiivii *J _^
14. filarut Bottle ripe. OCp ffal'An +
T biarei a good table wine J3C &II.UII >
T Regularly 50c. T
X Citron Peel X
X Orange Peel Rwiany *<*• 15c Ib x
+ Lemon Pe-I ■♦
X Muscatel Raisins 4 lbs 25c X
"*" Loose 3 lbs 25c. +
♦ Black Figs 4 lbs 25C X
I X Regularly 3 lbs 23c. X
: X Listerine &■■&«** 65c bottle >
4- The only genuine. 4.
X "Victoria" Tooth Powder 20c I
■♦" Liberated. Hardens the gums and ♦
; ■▼" sweetens the breath. Regularly 25c. +
-♦- Fccr I iftpr To take egsa out Rn parh 4-
T tgg Uliei of boning water ww CdUII T
I X Regularly 10c. X
X Trays and Brushes X
4- Japanned and decorated; to close 4,
i a. out; four different styles. T
T No. 1 No. 2 No. 3 No. 4 y
i T- Reg... 30c 40c 50c 30c "♦"
j ■♦■ Now ..15c 25c 35c 20c >
X Almond Grater 95c X
4- Regulation size, best quality. The 4-
4. holidays are coming. You will need 4
a. one. Regularly $1.25. _.
T German Potatoes and Teltower Rueb- "♦"
X chen (Turnips) Just in. >■
'< "♦" Other European goods expected this •♦•
i ■♦■ week. +
: ■♦- Country orders receive careful atten- 4"
!4- tlon. 4-
#4.4 4 4 ♦ » M 4 4 ♦ ♦ '-4>4 ♦♦♦♦»♦»#
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY.
Land Located in the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Wells.
Midway Between
Goalinga and McKittrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited anantlty of Treasury Stock now for
sale lor development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE,
• No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
— THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the »st day of December, A.
D. 1898. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid, up in
Cash .$300.000 00
ASSETS. . ' ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $559,411 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15,000 00
Cash In Company's Office 1,727 74
Cash in Banks 24,224 28
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,926 18
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 45,868 27
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, pre-
miums more than three months due. 251 00
Total Assets .■■■5649.408 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,136 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 14,901 21
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $138,275 82; re- !
insurance 50 per cent €9,137 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $109,213 64;
re-insurance pro rata 64.29S 78
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, eto 2,832 43
All other liabilities 15,842 S3
Total Liabilities ...$172,149 77
INCOME.
Kit Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $188,037 69
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, land from all
other sources ti.SXS 85
Received for profit on sale of secur-
ities 6.111 60
Total Income .$215,867 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fira Losses (In-
cluding $32,122 42 losses of previous
years) $110,439 05
Dividends to Stockhoiuers 18,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41.118 28
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 18,374 38
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 6.528 03
All other payments and expenditures.. 18,058 76
Total Expenditures $212.578 47
Losses Incurred during the year. fire.. $95,119 29
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $23,983,707 $257.512 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23,054,741 249.955 95
Net amount in force
December 31, 1898 22.384,315 247,489 41
y FRANCIS PEABODT. President.
''HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
day of February, 1899.
GEO. M. AMERIGE,
Notary Public
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents Pacific Coast,
411 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
BDESKHT
WILL OPEN for the admission of student!
MONDAY, OctobtT 23.
For further particulars address
8. W. DENNIS. M.D.. D.D.S., Dean.
416 Farrott buildln*.
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M., U.D. Bill
rtury, 1121 gutter it.
34
MONDAY NOVEMBER 6, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*. S. F
Telephone Main iscs.
t DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IS CENTS PER WEEK.
Rlnp!» Copies, 5 cent*,
Term!" by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $O.nn
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months ... 1.50
I>AILY CALL— By Single Month ." <>."<c
BUN DAT CALL nne Tar 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year !.««
All postmasters are author!-".! to recelv- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded \v!:ea r quested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquettc Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK correspondent i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orvheuir-Vauievllle.
Colu:nbla— "By the Pad .-.'.■» Waves.
Cal!'
Tivoll— 'The Throe Black Cloaks."
Alc.i7.ar — "Nerves.
Grand Opera-house-^The Merry Monarch.
New Alhiimbra— Mile. Fill, from Taris.
Climes, Z»'O and Vaudeville every alternoon and
evening.
Olxmpla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and jierformances. ■
Western Turf Association. San Mateo County— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback-Thls day. at 2 o'clock. Turkish Per-
sian Rugs, at 12:» lear] street.
By Yon Hi- & Co.— Thursday. November 16. at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at ."13 California at.
By S. Watkins— Tuesday. November 7, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at 1517 Mission _-■ ' _^_________
TRADE AT HIGh WATER MARK.
r I 'HE irregularity in trade n< I
continues. The tendency is no longer all
* ["here is no diminution in the volun*
. w '.. 'c. but
■
; • ■ as repre-
I by the - • ever
lear
■
$8.2/6,00 18 per cent over t!
per cent over - :"
; cent over
the panic Oui
ring ■ ■
by 7 por
cent en that New York is
■
......
But
• the New V>
ly imply a falling oft in legitimate trade, for
the • ■ ... ,
i:' Wall- street I i be heavy
c reverse ■ I: is pi
to ol ■ ' • ever, that the Xev.
--\ ork cle - ■ intial
gain. th< -oher being 48 per cer.t over
f last lag
41 per ce:;t The gain in Pit! I -.veek was
81.8 ■ ntinued boom in I
iron trade.
The great staples re 01 n ulariry.
■ are >t;'l
adv.. ■ • idvance in fir.:
--■ ■ ■Is ■ ■■ . :ness . ; • ■ 1
in t' rks have r
run- ■ next year. The boot and
shoe trade has slackfn< I off, as j
refuse to pay 1 asked by manufac
turers, yet 1 . in of 12 per cent in
ther remain a? hrn: and
ing t -hi? anomalous con
■
are enor:: .:
prices, yel n good; are showing
: ; . on the
Lumbei
.....
thers are as active a-»
et i:.i? been di-.ipp
sout Africa has rot produce I
exp' rket has been si
.
•hough the statisticians :' .
• 1 marked - - -.ear.
Wall street hr ... t y lc news .-. orn
as the British reverse? the
tree 5 by London. The
mom advanced, but subsequently eased
off. The war has thus far disclose! the fact thai
Fur t few oi ttr securities which need
- ru-cTtim tions, Ac this
shows that Wall street need fear no flood of returned
sec.:- the other side, the feeling in the street
of ease and confidence.
•rnia remain unchanged. Fre
ted with warm, sunny wi
brilliant | r the cominp season, and
even the rs expect a good year.
Miss Helen Gould to con
tribute $5000 to a fund designed to defray the expense
a lobby • the admission of Roberts of
Utal ■ jress, but there are two objections to it.
In the first | - vht not to be a pat
rcr.^ lobby and in the second place she «
• .ret married herself than to quarre
:h.
It :« ■ ttfacturer b
set to be the r,f^ . - the Amer
• he wiil have to bail
ree advertising, so at this juncture we wii!
• his name.
If the report be true that the IWrs sleep ■•• •"- -
■ custom may be explaine I by a wtVL
led fear th.3t the British might steal t
were laid aside for a nk
General White has failed as a campniener
be seen ■
well enough to hold the fort until Buller
■ ernment by the people must be a part}- gov
ernment, and a self-styled non-partisan is cither a
trickster or a marplot
VOTE FOR THE WHOLE TICKET.
T~\EPUBLICANS and independent voters should
in mind to-morrow that for purpose
bear in mind tomorrow that for the purpose
* *■ of assuring the welfare of the municipality it
will not be sufficient to elect one or two of the Re
publican candidates. A Republican Mayor should
have the support of a Republican Board of Super
visors and have as his colleagues in the administra
tion Republicans at the head of the other departments
of the city and county government.
From the nature of our political methods the is
: sues of each contest are associated with the heads of
, the opposing tickets and other candidates are com
| paratiyely overlooked. This has been seemingly a
! contest between Horace Davis and Mayor Phelan, but
there are many more issues at stake than those in
volved in the struggle for the Mayoralty. The other
officer to be filled are important, and Republicans
> and their allies among the independent voters of the
city should go to the polls intent upon electing the
whole Republican ticket from top to bottom.
In the contrast between the record of the Republi
can majority of the present Board of Supervisors and
that of the Democratic majority on the board that
: preceded a striking object lesson is presented for the
instruction of voters. The former board was con
j trolled by Democrats whose nomination was virtually
due to Phelan himself; it was essentially a board of
his selection, and yet it was so corrupt and so offen
| sive in its corruption that an effort was made to oust
! the majority from office and Phelan joined in the
effort. The Republican board now in office has kept
its pledges to the people, has accomplished much for
I the public welfare and would have achieved more
' had there been at the head of affairs a Republican
Mayor in sympathy with its efforts.
A Republican Board of Supervisors to uphold and
support the Mayor in the work of administration and
in undertaking plans for municipal progress and im
provement is one of the objects for which all Repub
licans should diligently strive. Fortunately the men
who compose the ticket are personally strong. There
lis not one of them who is not well fitted for the
office, not one who cannot be relied upon to be faith
ful to the pledges of the party platform and to every
, duty which the public vice will require of him.
I The voters of the city should feel a high degree of
gratification in having the opportunity to elect such
men to take charge of municipal affairs.
Reasons equally valid urge Republicans to vote
. unitedly for the candidates for the various city and
county offices. The whole independent and Republi
can vote should be given for Asa R. Wells for Aud
itor, Albert Heyer for Assessor, Charles H. Jack
. son for City Attorney. John Lackmann for Sheriff,
Joseph H. Scott for Tax Collector, Louis Feusier
for Treasurer, William Z. Tiffany for Recorder, Wil
liam A. Derme for County Clerk, Alfred P. Black for
I District Attorney, A. D. McLean for Coroner, John
j Farnhair. for Public Administrator, and for Police
{ Judges. L. G. Carpenter. Henry L. Joachimsen,
| Charles A. Low and James L. Xagle.
There has been a clean canvass. Let there be a
; clean sweep at the polls. To that issue Republicans
' and independent citizens should make up their minds.
The vote to-morrow should be for Horace Davis and
■ the whole ticket.
Mayor Phelan has been elected in the past by Re
publican votes, but this time Republican votes will
retire him to private life with a vigor that will keep
; him there for years to come.
Let us inaugurate the new era for San Francisco
I under a Republican administration and thus make
| sure of beginning it as an era of prosperity.
To-morrow is the day to elect Horace Davis and
■ .' ■-"■■■■■■ • "• ■"" •■
the whole ticket.
ELECT HORACE DAVIS.
' ZZ^ LF.CT H »race Davis. Let u 5 begin the new
era ii S i Fr nciso under the ration
* *of a Mayor of whom any community mi
proud — a self-made man whose services have been
': both in public an.! in private b
ana whose record in every line is one of fidelity,
sagacity a-nd honor.
What Republican can vote against the man who in
this contest stands for Republicanism and all that it
implies of national. State and municipal progress
and prosperity! What reason can any Republican
serve for voting for a Democratic victory in this city
rgency? Measured by any and ever.
■ r 1 at He
f action, i ted and
■ I more closely with the I usiness and industrial
elements of the community, has had wider experience
in affairs, ha? evinced more executive ability in the
■«?. and has given fuller proof
lirit and devotion to the welfare of every
interest of the community.
Why should any workingman of San Francisco
vote against one of the largos: employer? of labcr.
one wl i among trie foremost to build up th_-
Stal rnish work and wage 1 ;
for the people? Why should any man in the ranks
te lab< r vote against the eh •' whitz
labor in the long battle to prevent unrestricted Chi
nese immigration?
the S3ke of the white workers of California
and for the welfare of the whole Pacific Coast Mr.
when in Congress fought the fight of white
labor against the Chinese nor ever faltered in it, not-
Bg the fact that it cost him the entire trade
he had for seventeen years been building up in the
Orient. Such a man merits the vote of the working
men of the city, and should receive it.
Why should any man who desires the continuance
•c against the candidate who in thi;
party of sound money and of
Next year the Bryanite? will renew their
upon the i system of the nation. It
will be a vast help to them if at that time they have
the city government of San Francisco with
a Den rat M iyor in control of the vast patronage
which is placed in the hands of that officer by the new
charter. Car. the taxpayers, the property-owners, the
rkingmen of the city see any benefit to he
gained - the Bryanites that advantage for the
campaign that ii to come?
Quest -hat kind earn- their answe
them. There is everything to be gained for the cause
of sound finance and national prosperity, for the
welfare of the municipality, for the benefit of tax
payers and of workingmen, by the success [ the Re
publican ticket. Let us begin the now era right.
QUESTIONS ABOUT BONDS.
THERE are several questions connected with
- Phelan's proposed issue of bond? tor
the construction, reconstruction p.nd repair of
schoolhouses which should be settled before the city
goes to the expense of holding an election. A bond
issue for the extraordinary necessities of the School
Department i? a part of Mr. Phelan's campaign. Ho
has involved himself in difficulties with the school
teachers, and in an effort to square matters now vig
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
orously supports a bond issue, the proceeds of which,
it is thought, will so relieve the school fund as to
obviate the necessity of reducing salaries.
But reasons of this kind — even the pressing emer
gency of perpetuating Mr. Phelan's bossism in this
city— should not govern in a matter of such grave
importance. The paramount consideration of issu
ing valid bonds — bonds which will command a ready
sale and bring a substantial premium — should out
weigh all other considerations, for it must be patent
to everybody that an issue of invalid bonds is a
municipal absurdity.
The election proposed for the latter part of De
cember, at which, under a resolution of the Board of
Supervisors, the people will be asked to pass upon the
question of issuing $1,300,000 in school bonds, is
authorized by a general law called the ''municipal im
provement act," passed in 1889 and amended in 180.3.
When the new charter goes into effect on January 1
next this statute will no longer apply to San Fran
cisco, because issuing bonds is a "municipal affair"
within the meaning of the constitutional amendment
of 1896. In the charter cases the other day the Su
preme Court decided that where provision is made in
a municipal charter for a "municipal affair" a general
law upon the same subject no longer applies.
After January 1 beyond question the Supervisors
will not possess authority to issue bonds under this
statute. The question is, therefore, What effect had
the constitutional amendment of 1896 upon the "mu
nicipal improvement act?" Did it repeal the statute?
< )r, what is quite as interesting. Will the going into
effect of the charter on January 1 invalidate bonds
issued under the act?
The new charter provides a method of issuing
bonds for school purposes entirely different from
that found in the "municipal improvement act." It
limits the yearly amount to be expended for all school
purposes to $32 50 per pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year. Does this forbid the issu
ance of bonds for the construction, reconstruction
and repair of schoolhouses? It tends in that direction,
for in another part of the charter provision is made
for an extra levy for school purposes in case of
calamity or for a bond issue when it becomes neces
sary to construct a public building.
But whatever judgment the lay mind may form by
attempting to reconcile these contradictions, one
tiling is quite apparent. The proposed school bonds
should not be left to promote the political aspirations
of Mayor Phelan nor become the sport of his politi
cal necessities. Before r.n election is called the sub
ject in all its phases should be referred to competent
legal counsel and a course mapped out which will not
result ii incurring the expense of an invalid bond
is-ue. The Mayor's demagogy may with great pro
priety be confined to less important matters.
THE ELECTION TO-MORROW
A 7 ITH the mass-meetings and other political
gatherings of Saturday night, the arguments
gatherings of Saturday night, the arguments
and appeals of the municipal contest closed.
To-day will be given to the work of preparation for
the election, and to-morrow the votes will be cast and
the issues decided according to the will of the ma
jority.
On the Republican side there has been conducted
a campaign clean and clear. The efforts made by
Phelan and his organs to divert attention from the
real issues at «take by setting spies to watch Repub
lican candidates by day and by night, by resorting to
vile caricatures and by charging with treason every
man who opposes Phelan's re-election, have failed of
their purpose. The interests at stake in the contest
remain distinct and unmistakable, and it will be upon
their conceptions of what will best serve these inter
ests that the intelligent voters of the city will cast
their ballots.
Men who believe in free silver and the other dec
larations of the Chicago platform, who sincerely
think that the upholding of the cause represented by
Bryan is essential to the good of the community.
will of course vote for the ticket headed by C. D.
Cleveland, for that is the only ticket that represents
and stands for the principles adopted by the Demo
cratic and Populist fusion in 1896.
Voters who care more for the Democratic name
than for Democratic principles, who would sooner
follow the McNab committee of one hundred than th-
Chicago platform, will vote for Phelan, who in this
fight wears the livery of Democracy and whose success
will be accounted throughout the Union as a
Democratic victory. Strong Democratic partisans
will desire their party to have the prestige of a tri
umph of the Pacific Coast, and will, therefore, be in
clined to count municipal interests as of secondary
importance to the election of the Democratic ticket.
The great mass of intelligent voters will on the
ether hand consider the interests of the municipality
and of the country rather than those of parties. They
are aware that the prevailing prosperity of the people
is due to the policies advocated, adopted and main
tained by the Republican party. Having to choose
between the party of prosperity and the party of
calamity, they will vote for prosperity. On general
; principles, therefore, the vote of business men, tax-
I payers, workingmen. will be given for the Republican
I nominees in order that it may be understood through
-1 out the Union that San Francisco is on the side of
I protection, sound money, Lunest finance, profitable
I industry and good wages.
There are, moreover, many special reasons why the
i independent voters as well as Republicans should
vote for the Republican ticket. It is in every respect
the strongest ticket ever presented to the people of
j San Francisco in a municipal contest. The detectives
! sent out by the Pheian organs to track and trace the
Republican candidates to find out where they dine
and where they spend the nights discovered nothing
I which the skill of the fakers could by misrepresenta
j tion distort into an offense against either public or
private morality,
The Republican ticket is clean. It stands for the
j party of prosperity in the nation and in the city. It is
; made up of men who represent the best elements of
! our people. It stands for progress and for economy.
jlt has made no demagogic promises. What it has
I pledged that will it do. It is the ticket for which all
I loyal Republicans will vote and for which all intelli
] gent citizens ought to vote, for it is the ticket which
I will best serve the interests of all in the administra
tion of municipal affairs.
_
The Women's Health Protective Association of
j Cleveland has just declared that women who ride
! horseback should ride astride, but women who prefer
style to health will probably continue to do as they
please and stick to the side-saddle.
Reports from South Africa indicate that the Brit-
I ish must soon stop trying to discover the secret of
! how they are being outgeneraled by an army of
j farmers and press into service somebody who knows
j something of the game of war.
It is reported that two lines of railways, the Penn
i sylvania and the New York Central, have recently
I placed orders for upward of 15.000 coal and freight
I cars. That shows the way business is increasing and
} traffic humming.
DOINGS IN THE MINING FIELD.
The California Miners' Association Is
about ready to square away for the large
amount of important work cut out for the
year by the recent State convention of
the association. This work will be done,
as usual, through committees. President
W. C, Ralston has named the executive
committee at large as follows:
J. 11. Neff (chairman). E. C. Voorheis,
Thomes Mem, Professor S. B. Christy,
Lewis T. Wright, C. W. Cross, Andrew
("arripan, Edward Coleman. Curtis H.
Lindley, Charles G. Yale, Lew E. Aubrey,
F. R. Wehe. B. N. Shoecraft, Louis Glass
and David McClure Jr.
The members of the executive commit
tee from the counties have been selected
by the county associations as follows:
Aiameda— Frank A. Leach, R. H. Nor
ton.
Amador— J. F. Parks, R. C. Rust.
Butte— A. D. Gassoway, W. P. Ham
mon.
Calaveras— A. I. McSorley, Thomas
X uner.
El Dorado— ll. E. Ricket, Joseph Roy
lance.
Northern California— C. C. Bush, John
McMurray, John Daggett.
N.-vada— Frod Sf-arls, J. S. Mcßride.
Placer— Haruld T. Power, Felix Chap
peller.
Plumas— C. E. McLaughlin, A. B. White.
Santa Clara— Charles C. Derby, R. R.
Bui more.
San Francisco— J. F. Halloran, Dan T.
Cole.
Sierra— Stanley A. Smith, J. O. Jones.
Southern California— Walter 8. Max
well, H. Z. Osborne. John B. Bushneli.
Tuolumne— Fred Sutton, William Shar
wood.
Vuba— W. B. Meek, Joseph Durfee.
All chairmen of standing committees
are ex-officio members of the executive
committee.
The committees on mineral lands and
on conservation of water have not yet
been appointed. A. H. Ricketts has de
clined to again serve as chairman of the
committee on mineral lands. The follow
ing standing committees have been named
by President Kalston:
Dams— A. Caminetti, John Spaulding,
Fred Searls, J. S. Mcßride, Mark B. K.-rr.
A. C. Ilinckson, James O'Brien and W.
B. Meek.
Department of mines and mining— Tirey
L. Ford (chairman), Claus Spreckels
building, San Francisco; Charles G. Yale,
United States mint. San Francisco; W.
S. Keyes, Pacific Union Club. San Fran
cisco; J. T. Halloran, 330 Market street,
San Francisco.
Legislation— John F. Davis (chairman^,
Jackson, Amador County; Curtis H. Lind
ley, 530 California street. San Francisco;
\V. F. Frisk. Grass Valley, Nevada Coun
ty; W. B. L-ardnpr. Auburn, Placer Coun
ty; A. M. McDonald, Chinese Camp. Tuo
lumne County; E. C. Voorheis,, Sutter
Creek. Amador County; E. W. Chapman.
Georgetown, El Dorado County; C. W.
Cross. Mills building, San Francisco; A.
S. Raw, Placerville, El Dorado County;
F. J. Solinsky, San Andreas, Caiaveras
County.
Finance — Andrew Carrigan fchairmani.
21 Beale street, San Francisco; Joseph
Sloss. IS Fremont street. San Francisco;
Willis G. Dodd. Union Iron Works, San
Francisro.
Jetties and dredging— John M. Wright
(chairman". Mills building. San Francisco;
\V. F. Englebright, Nevada City. Nevada
•y; Thomas J. Barbour. Risdon Iron
W'.rks. San Francisco; P. G< :_■ Qow,
Crocker building. San Francisco; B. T.
Lacy, 21 Fremont Btreet, San Francisco.
The committees on legislation, finance
and jetties and dredging remain .': -
year, aa does the r<>mrriittee on rlr-part
ment of mines and mining, with the ex
."n of the substitution of W. P. ECeyes
for W. C. Ralston. A mating of the ex
ecutive committee to consider various im
t matters will be called soon.
The proceedings of the last convention
will soon be published in pamphlet form,
and the preparation of the matter is one
of the association matters that has helped
: to keep Secretary Benjamin busy since the
convention. The association will now for
! two months or so miss the active services
i of its secretary. Mr. Benjamin, in his
j capacity of an experienced mfnging en
i gineer, will this evening leave San Fran
cisco for Unga Island and the northern
Alaskan coast, where he is being sent by i
the Alaska Commercial Company to ex- i
pert and report on various prospects and
partially developed mining properties
which It has acquired. The company ex
pects to do a good deal of development
on its gold, copper and other Alaskan
mining properties next year, and will be
guided by Mr. Benjamin's report.
Secretary Benjamin has received a let
ter from Assistant Secretary Dwight of
the American Institute of Mining En
gineers, in the course of which he says
that the recent California meeting of the
institute was the star one of its history.
It was not expected by the wise that
the visit and entertainment of these East
ern mining engineers and their trips about
the mining regions of the State would
result directly in the early investment of
Eastern capital, but already two of the'
visiting mining men have returned to
California, backed by large Eastern capi
tal, and last week they offered $350,000 for
i an important mine in one of the mining
I regions visited. The owners asked $400,000
and a deal is still under negotiation.
Those interested prefer to say nothing un
til the proposition is settled. There is no
question that the recent visit of this dis
tinguished body will be an immense ad
vantage to the mining industry here and
result in large investments of capital in
the future, though not many of such in
vestments may be directly traced to the
California meeting of the institute.
The recent circular of the Anti-Debris
Association, containing another blast
against hydraulic mining, mainly by at
tacking the sufficiency and stability of
the restraining dams built by hydraulic
miners under license and approval of
the United States engineers of the !
California Debris Commission, has fallen J
quite flat. The circular recommends the
"absolute and unconditional prohibition of
hydraulic mining." but it is too late now
to gain a hearing before public opinion*
for any such extreme pleas for a revival
of the old valley war on the miners. The
public opinion of the State heartily sane-
I tioned the plan embodied in the Cam
-1 Inettl law to provide a partial rehabilita
tion of a vast but ruined industry under
I conditions that, would protect the valley
i interests and be carried out under the
supervision of able and impartial Federal
' engineers, and it sanctions the continued
conservative but vigorous policy of the
California Miners' Association in trying
to secure the big restraining dams in the |
foothills that will retain for all time the
debris now In the upper courses of the
streams and what may hereafter reach
those streams. The only injury to the
hydraulic miners which the Anti-Debris
Association can hope to accomplish lies
in the possibilities of the recent suit at
tacking the Caminettl law. and this im
| portant legal contest, which will be first
I tried In the Superior Court of Sutler and
! Tuba counties, may possibly be settled
on appeal during the coming year.
The California Debris Commission has
at last settled on a plan and location for
a restraining dam on the Yuba River, and
what this plan Is will be known before
the end of the year, when it is reported to
Washington. It is thus likely that the ex
penditure of that $500,000 will begin dur
ing 1900 and that provision for other dams
by Congress will follow. Such dams will
make immaterial the questions of the
'. sufficiency and endurance of the individual
log dams erected in the canyons far
I above though these dams must continue
to be erected and maintained under the
Camir.etti law by all hydrauilckf rs. The
Federal engineers have declared these log
dams safe and sufficient, and their judg
ment is generally accepted.
Up to date, since 1893, the California
Debris Commission. has received 4?,S appli
cations for permits to mine by the hy
draulic arocess on the watersheds of the
navigable streams, mainly on the Sierra
Nevada slope of the Sacramento draln«ge
area, and 344 permits have been granted.
For various reasons only about 150 are
now operating. A few mines have already
been worked out. Others lack water
Some are in legal or financial trouble.
Some are not yet ready to work. During
ISS9 there have been filed so far twenty
seven applications distributed by counties
as follows: Sierra 5. Plumas 9. Nevada 2
Amador 1, Caiaveras 2. Butto 3. Yuba l'
Shasta 1, El Dorado 2. The variety of
I restraining works proposed by the .appli
i cants is yhown by the following partial
I list: Rock and brush dams 2. brush dams
■ 6. log and brush S, crib 1. old reservoir 1
old pit *.
I Amid the great boom in the field of iron
i production, it doesn't cost anything to re
; member »hat California has some of the
I richest and most Immense Iron deposits,
which nature has gathered In small places
about this world, and that economic con
j ditions will probably arise which will in
' the not so very far distant future make
these stores of iron things to be reckored
: with in the great Iron markets of the
world. ,'■'-'
J While 'mmense bodies of valuable iron
! ore occur in a number of localities ! r om
Shasta, Nevada and other northern
counties, to the south, the greatest de
posits are in San Bernardino and Nevada
counties. If these deposits were as near
| to the transportation, smelting, market
and other present conditions of the lion
trade as the ores of the Mesaba rane- in
Michigan the latter, for which lake freight
rates have more than doubled, would be
in eclipse.
Probably the largest deposit on the
coast is in San Bernardino County, six
teen miles from Newberry, In the desert,
and this is one of the largest deposits of
iron in the United States. It has been
frequently described in official reports,
but it has never yielded a pound of iron.
Th^n at the minants in Madera County i
in the Sierra Nevadaa is another wonder
ful store of iron. It is hematite and mag- |
netite ore running from 64 to 66 per cent j
of iron and one vein exposes a mas? .v*<
feet wide, 1500 feet high and two miles
long. What is in sight would supply the
world fnr years. The other iron stores ot
California 'an- varied and vast.
The trouble with California iron orea
is, of course, that with the cost of fuel |
and so on out here a ton of Alabama pig
iron can be brought here for about the i
cost of the fuel to smelt a ton of Call
fornla ore. California's stores of iron are i
away from both transportation and iuei.
But while the iron trade is booming and '
ruling the civilized industrial world and
being Its barometer we may also remem
ber that in California's great future the ,
time may come before long when the pro- ;
duction of iron, which cuts absolutely no
figure now. will be one of the great fac- ,
tors in its mining and industrial life. Cal- I
ifornia iron ores will be smelted when
ever conditions allow a profit on the ope- I
ration. How and when those conditions
will become present will not be prophe
sied here. But every related pr
seems to lend to the ultimate production
of California iron.
The multiplication of cheap electric ,
power in the Sierras is one thing. Th* |
oil boom with its great possibilities of the
production of cheaper fuel in the forms !
of oil and gas presents another possibil
ity. Almost in sight of the towering :
minar' ts above the San Joaquin Valley
men are swarming over the ground in I
which nature has stored fuel and the vast !
tonnage of the Great Lakes cannot take
Michigan iron ores fast enough at treble !
rates toward Plttsburg over several times j
the distance from the minarets to the oil j
fields or the coast. A few weeks ago i
David Williams, proprietor of the Iron |
Age, said in an interview in The Call that j
he regarded the prospects of the cheap j
production and cheap transportation of j
Chinese coal as the most likely solution'
of the Iron problem of the Pacific Coast, j
In whatever form the solution may
come it is interesting to contemplate both
the possibility and the probability of iron
production and iron working becoming
features of the great industrial and com- j
mercial future which seems dawning on \
the Pacific Coast and on the Golden State, i
This raging oil boom is going to be a fine
thing for the State industrially, a lucky
thing for a few people, and a mighty bad
thing for a good many others. In the
past two weeks about forty new oil com
panies have been added to the several
hundred existing incorporations. In San
Francisco still more capitalists, business
and professional men, street-car employes,
washerwomen, et al., are investing in oil
stocks. Many, if not most, existing com
panies have slender possibilities of sue
in finding oil in the territories they
have grabbed for luck, but oil is not what
they are aft- r as much as selling stock, of
course. The same may be said of the av
erage stock buyer. He is simply a gam
bler, and if he hopes his company will
strike oil it is because his stock will go up
and not because he wants to draw divi
dends from the sales of oil. It Is the same
spirit that ruled the Comstock, where a
stock that hadn't paid dividends in years,
if ever, was about as good as any other to
gamble on. This, of course, does not ap
ply to many legitimate oil companies
which own producing territory or promis
ing territory being exploited on business
principles.
A large number of these companies will
put down wells and a few will develop
I profitable producers. Wells are going
; d'jwn all through the coast count:
well as in the San Joaquin Valley, and if
! 1 out of 500 develops a producing field the
i oil production will be increased, whatever
! the luck to the others. Recently several
wells in the San Juaquin Valley have de
veloped small yields of oil which may be
' greatly increased at greater depths. The
: great amount of prospecting that will go
on while the boom lasts and people put up
their money will not fail to result in im
portant discoveries.
It seems probable that the oil produc
tion of ISS* of 2.376.000 barrels will be at
least doubled for 1599 with the already
greatly increased production, mainly in
; the Coallnga, Fullerton and Summerland
fields. The coming year promises a still
larger Increase. As the market for thi3
oil must be mainly found in California
fuel censumption. an Important problem
arises. Consumption not long ago over
' took the supply and prices Jumped at Los
Angeles from &5 cents to $1 25 and $1 40. If
production overtakes the Increasing de
mand a slump in prices will follow, giving
a further stimulant to consumption. As the
I largest part of the product in the different
I fields is delivered under contracts cover
ing a considerable time, oil prices are a
doubtful quantity. Some Fullerton oils
now sell at the wells at $1 30. The Coal
inga yield practically all goes under con
tract to San Francisco. The bulk of it is
taken by the sugar refineries, the gas
works, the Southern Pacific Company, the
Selby Smelting Works, the Giant Powder
Works, and a few other larg-e industries,
which pay from $1 25 to $1 40 per barrel,
delivered. The fuel value of crude oil va
ries with the oil, the conditions of use,
etc.. but at an average three barrels of
! crude California petroleum are equal to
; one ton of good $6 or $S steam coal in a
furnace. The economy Is thus large, and
there is room for an enormous eonsump
! tion of oil in California, where cheap fuel
i is the chief industrial need.
The Los Angeles oil field is showing a
' largely decreased production, amounting
j to about 75 .000 barrels a month, while dur
-1 ing IS9S its production averaged over 120,
--| 000 barrels a month. Present efforts to
; develop an r-xtension of the field may re
, suit in another increase.
But other fields are more than making
up for this falling off in the Los Angeles
field. The Coalinga field is now produc
ing more than the Los Angeles field ever
did. The Summerland field is shipping
more oil than ever before. New wharves
are going out into the sea. from which
j strings of new weils will be drilled to the
oil sands below the ocean bed.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. O. D. N'nrtnn, t\ S. X., is among
the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Hervey Lindley, a wealthy lumberman
of Klamathon, is a guest at the Palace.
C. Hampton, a prominent business man
of Marysville. is a guest at the Occidental.
G. J. Neis, a leading business man of
Selma. is at the Lick on a short visit to
the city.
W. S. Curlen. a wealthy mine-owner of
Bluxburg, is an arrival of yesterday at
the Rom.
George F. MnUken, a prominent mining
expert of New Tork, is registered at the
Palace. He is accompanied by his wife.
Ex-C"nsrr---?sman T. J. Ge.in- has come
down fr<~m his home in Santa Rosa and
Is registered for a short stay at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Crane have run up to
the city for a short visit from their home
in Santa Cruz, and are staying at the Pai
ace.
Major Claude Cane, a British arrr.y offi
cer traveling on leave, is at the Palace,
where he registered last evening from ire
land.
Fred H. Dakin of the Uncle Sam mines
in Shasta County Is at the Occidental.
He has entirely recovered from the seri
ous accident he met with some time ago
and which resulted in injury to his hip.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank V. Lee are regis
tered at the California. Mr. Lee is a
prominent and popular young electrical
engineer of this city and a graduate of
" *rd University, at which institution
he made quite a mark, carrying off all the
honors of his year in his chosen depart
ment cf study. The last tirr.<? Mr
registered at the California was about s:x
weeks ago. when his name appeared alone
on the book en route for Canada. N- -
of his return will be read with pleasure
by his many friends who have been anx
iously waiting to congratulate him on the
success that attended his mission to the
East.
T>t. Thomas H. Morris. Republican candidate
Car Supervisor. Vote for him. •
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Eight torpedo-boats have recently been
built by Schichau, Elbing. for the German
navy. They are 157 feet In length, 16
feet 9 inches beam and displace 155 tons
on a draught of f feet 104 inches. They
are fitted with T'.iornycroft boilers and
are to steam 25 knots. Their fuel sup
ply is 37 tons, including 7 tons petroleum
residuum, and their means of offense are
one six-pounder, one machine gun and
two torpedo tubes.
Four 360-ton torpedo-boat-destroyers
have been completed at the yard of Jar
row, Pop!;>r, for Japan, and |
through their three hours' trial with a
load of 35 tons, with the following results:
Ikadsuchi. 31.32 knots: Inadsuma 31.037
knots; Akebone 31.08 knots, and Sazan
ami 3LBB knots. A fifth boat of the same
type namr-d the Obero was launched from
the Yarrow yard on October 5. with steam
up and read; to .^tart on her trial in a few
days.
The French naval estimates for II**)
show an increase of about $2,280,000 over
the present year's appropriation and
amount to 163,000,000. Of this sum $24,000,
--000 is for nava] construction, including
armament and torpedoes, and $18,8
is set aside for completing: new ships,
hulls and machinery. The latter object
is $21,650,000 for the present year, Indicat
ing: that the navy department has under
taken more work than it has been able
to complete and only $907,600 is estimated
for beginning new construction.
The British cruiser Talb^t. attached to
the North America and West India sta
tion, recently passed through a four-hour
trial under natural draught and averaged
19.3 knots. Subsequently she made the
voyage from Barbadoes to Port Royal, a
distance of 1,040 miles, in 62 hours, averag
ing 16. S knots. The Tnlbot is a sheathed
cruiser of 5.600 tons, launched at Deven
port in 1<95, and made 20 knots under
forced draught on her first commission
trial. From her recent performance it
would appear as if the ship, after four
years' service, has not deteriorated to any
appreciable extent, for KM knots sea speed
maintained for two and one-half days
compares favorably with her Initial trial
performance.
The battleship Ocean returned to Ports
mouth dock-yard October 6, after an un
successful trial over the measured mile
under four-fifth^ power. The engines
developed 10,303 horsepower, which was
up to requirements, but the speed was
only 15H knots by the log, and two knots
short of anticipation. The ship was there
fore taken In hand by the yard authori
ties to be docked and the causes of fail
ure to be ascertained and remedied. A
sister ship, the Goliath, passed through a
thirty-hour four-fifth power trial, and
her engines developing 10.413 horsepower,
gave a speed of 17.3 knots by the log.
These battleships are Intended to develop
13,500 horsepower and a speed of 18. <o
knots under full power.
The Russian armored cruiser Gromo
boy, building at the Baltic works, St.
Petersburg, will carry no less than 64
guns of all description?, including four B
inch, sixteen 6-inch, twenty 3-inch (12
pounders), twenty 3-pounders, and four
machine guns, the entire lot being quick
firers. The vessel is wood-sheathed, of
12.336 tons, fitted with 35 Belleville boilers,
developing 18,000 horsepower, which will
give a sea speed of 20 knots. Her dimen
sions are 4V'^ feet length over all, 6-S l^
feet beam and 86 feet draught, and her
coal capacity is 2,500 tons, sufficient for
19,000 knots steaming at 10 knots an hour.
The water-line belt is 6-inch Harveyized
steel. 354 feet in length by 6 feet depth,
which, to«"»*her with the armor, offers
protection for the engines against any
guns up to 12-inch caliber.
Rapid progress 1? made in the b-:
of the two battleships Duncan and i
wallls at the Thames iron Works, London.
They are an improved type of the form
idable class of three now completing and
being 1,000 tons less displacement and of
five feet more length. with six
inches more beam, will have considi i
finer lines than the Formidable, Implac
able and Irresistible. The new ships are
405 feet In length, 75 feet 6 Inches bpam
2«i feet <5 inches draught on an even keel,
displacing 14,0C»t tons, with 900 tons of coal
on board. The water-line belt is of 7
lnch Harveyized Bteel for a distance of
SO feet in the body of the ship, whence it
tapers to three inches at the ends, and
the armament consists of four 12-inch
guns, mounted in pairs in 11-inch bar
bettes, 12 6-inch in 6-inch casements, of
which eight are on the main deck and
four on the upper deck. The auxiliary bat
tery embraces twelve 12-pounders, six 3
pounders and four submerged torpedo
tubes. The engines are to work up to
18.0 GO horsepower, the steam generating
in 24 Bellville boilers, with an initial pres
sure of 300 pounds. The trial sp»ed Is
to be 19 knots, and expected to realize 18
knots sea speed.
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
■m ■ »
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tiis
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The silent man may be a mine of wis
dom, but a talkative fool sometimes ex
plodes the mine.
California Limited.
SANTA FT: P.orTE— Connecting train leaves
at 5, Monday. V.v-u. -=daj". Friday and Satur
day. giving passengers ample time to Bee l«o«
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and best track of any line to the East.
PERSONALLY conducted Tourist Excursion*,
with latest Improved Pullman Vestibuled Sleep
ir.g Cars, through from California to St. Paul,
St. Louis, Chicago and Boston, every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. G«t full lnfonnatrea at
62S Market st.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising frcm teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part Of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs,
WinsloWs Soothing Syrup, Be a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take adraata&a
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 SO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
It is only in accord with the eternal fit
ness of things that the crook should al
ways be on mischief bent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fuel for Force
Your body must hive
force, nervous force, mus-
cular force, digestive force.
Fat is the fuel usel to
supply this force. I: you
are weak in any of thesp
forces, use more fuel.
The cod-liver oil in Scott's
Emulsion is the best fuel
tor this work. Your nerves
grow stronger, your muscu-
lar power increases, and
your digestion improves,
soc md li.se a" dr-gf-stt.
SCOTT 4 BOWNE. Tliw — . New VodfcFINE QUALITY! !
SEASONABLE GOODS!!
<*>
NEW STRIPED (COLORED) TAFFETAS, 24 inches wide, He' t
g-ant soft, heavy quality, extra special value at $1.00 per yard. «*
THE POPULAR NOVELTY "WHIP CORD" TAFFETA, In ♦
fashionable colors and Black, $1.00 per yard, +
_____ &
BLACK DRESS GOODS— Serge, 48 Inches wide, all wool, 1
extra heavy, 60 cents per yard. ♦
61 Inches wide, extra heavy all-wool Scotch Cheviot, special at 75 J^
cents per yard. 4
WATERPROOF SERGE, 64 inches, all wool, extra value at $1.00 per <$.
yard - I
COLORED DRESS GOODS— Navy Biu: Storm Serge, all wool, 50 i
Inches wide, at 50 cents per yard. 4
TWO-TONED CAMELS' HAIR, 38 inches wide, at 50 cents per yard. J
ENGLISH COVERT CLOTH. 60 Inches wide, at 50 cents per yard. £
CAMELS' HAIR CHECKS, 48 Inches wide, at 75 cents per yard. |
STORM SERGES in great variety at 75 cents per yard. ?
NOVELTY SUITINGS, Bilk and wool effects, at 75 cents per yard- <£>
LADIES' STYLISH JACKETS at $3-75, 55, *7-50, $10, $12.50, f
$15.00, $17.50, $20.00 and upward. I
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, a fine quali'y material and handsomely X
finished, at $3.50, $5.00, $0.50, $7.50. $10.00. $12.50, £
$15.00 and upward. I
SPECIAL— LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, navy ♦
and brown, fly-front Jackets, lined with Bilk serge, Bkirts well T
made and lined, at $5.95 each. 4>
LADIES' GOOD QUALITY FLANNELETTE GOWNS, finished I
with braid trimming, lined yoke, at 75 cents each. 4-
LADIES' FLANNELETTE SKIRTS, in plain colors or striped %
flannel, embroidered edge, at 50 cent* each. ♦
( 4*
LADIES' UNDERWEAR— Ladies' Heavy Ribbed Knit Undervest?, i
also drawers, in Gray and White, very superior quality, particularly I
suitable for winter wear, at 75 cents and $1.00 each. <*>
LADIES' HOSlERY— Ladies' Black Wool Hose, in Plain and ♦
ribbed, with merino heel and toe, excellent values at 25 cents and X
50 cents per pair. ♦ !
<i> 1
11-4 WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, double-bed size, made i
from a choice grade of Lambs' Wool, closely woven and a fine finish, X
at $4.90 a pair. ?
11-4 WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, extra t
heavy and handsomely finished, at $5.75 a pair. <$>
MEN'S FURNISHINGS— EXTRA FINE CASHMERE ♦
MERINO SOCKS, in tan, vicuna, natural erav, black and '^ v
cadet blue shades, made full finished, with double spliced heels and
toes, for 25 cents per pair. <§>
__________ +
MEN'S WINTER - WEIGHT AUSTRALIAN WOOL UN- t
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, In undyed sanitary ?r.iv f
and camels' hair colors, warranted thoroughly shrunk, at $1.00 ♦
each.
If If Mur P h y Building:, J
Hartet ami Jones Streets.
AMU SEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
THE OLD. OLD STORY.
PACKED TO THE DOORS LAST NIGHT.
TO-NIGHT.
First production upon any stage o£ Paul Un-
Can's great drams.
The Shadow.
Hew scenery, new costumes, new stage effects
Tuesday and Wednesday nights and Saturday
Matinee.
fttlllk- SHADOW"
t> £i*?2£^S^s Thursdar matinee
tjw^*K»?s*Sg{jr Cby special request),
j&£%- Thursday nl% h t.
Saturday nlerht. the
J&S}*'* ' "** V; new "CAiIILLE."
POPULAR PRICES— 7Sc, EOc. Xc
Matinee 50c, 25c.
Next Sunday night— HARRY CORSON
CLARKE in "WHAT HAPPENED TO
JONES."
COLUMBIA^
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
*There Is a big demand for all performances,
bo do not fall to secure seats early.
Mews ana Bulger
In the Up-to-Date Version of the Vaudeville
Operetta,
By the Sad Sea Waves.
PRICES. $1. 75c, 50c and 210.
B*ext Monday— Broadhurst's Greatest LaugH-
Loosener,
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
South Ban Francisco, San Mater* Co.
Main Office, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, S.- F.
SSV". J. martin. F. H. green.
President. See. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON,
rjirst meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS, 1899,
Inclusive.
Elx high-cla^s running races fvery week- :
day, beginning at 1:20 p.m. Last race at 4 p.m. '
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh :
»lr. > model racetrack, puperb grandstand and !
Unexcelled ficcommodatlonH.
TRAIN SERVICE. Southern Paciflo Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.
Special race trains at 12:40, 12:.-0 and 2:45 p.
jn.. returning immediately after th« last race
and at 6 p. m.
SAN JOBE AND WAY STATIONS— ArrIv*
at Tanfm^n at 12:00 p. m. Leave Tanforan at
10, 4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave Valencia
street ten minute* later than from Third i
etreet. All train* stop directly at the entrance
to grandstand.  *£;=»_,
La«t cars of all trains reserved for women
■nd their eECorta. No pmoklng.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return
Including admission to grounds, Jl 25. Single
round-trip tickets 40 centß. Holders of Asso-
ciation Badges may secure a twenty-four ride
coupon ticket, limited to thirty days upon
presentation of badges at Third or Valencia
Etreet stations for *3 to.
Resrieter» all complaints without delay •with
the Secretary and Managor of the Association.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CONEY ISLAND NOWJN SAN FRANCISCO.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK,
25 attractions creating a world of amuse-
ments; 3 hours of genuine pleasure. Novelties
added dally. JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMONS en-
tire fight; Professor Hill on the high wire;
razzle dazzle, funniest ride on earth. Admis-
sion to attractions and ride 10c. Presents to
■winners of every race. Open from 1* until
11:30 p. m. j
l/lf Murphy Building. Jr
Market aiS Junes Streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
—
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Wednesday, Friday eves., Saturday matinee.
The Jolllest of ail comic operas,
"THE THREE BLACK CLOAKS."
Three hours of fast and furious fun!!
Sparkling music to drive dull car* away!! j
Beautiful costumes worn by pretty girls!!
The enormous grand opera success.
"L'AFRICAINE,"
Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, Sunday nights.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 60e.
Telephone for seats — Bush 9.
Tnesrday evening election returns will be read
from the ctage. I
—
Thentandß Greet the New Bill With Enthusiasm !
CORNILLE, the auburn - haired Parisian i
i beauty and the biggest hit in town. Her sing- j
! ing, her acting, her dazzling beauty and charm !
of manner have never been surpassed by any ]
artist. Jerome and Alexis, the Frog and the j
Lizard: Leo Carle, the one man comedy won- |
der; GoEsrln and I>avls. comedy acrobats; Lola
Cotton, the sensation of the century; the Bio-
: graph, with Dewey reception and local views;
jack Norworth. Mprritt and Murdock, Louise i
J Dresser and her pickaninnies. Reserved seats,
■ 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs and box seats, I
r.Oc. Matinee? Wednesday. Saturday and Sun- 1
• day. Election returns will be read from the !
stage Tuesday night. ]
I NEW ALIiAMBRA THEATER
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING. MATIXDE SATURDAY.
NOT FALSELY ADVERTISED.
BUT A GENUINE SURPRISE.
MLLE. FIFI!
—
The Sensational DEWEY Moving Pictures.
ELECTION RETURNS TO-MORROW NIGHT.
'• PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c, 60c, 75c
MATINEE 15c, 250. S6c, 60c
ALL SEATS RESERVED.
; —
; NEXT SUNDAY EUGENIE BLAIR ' '
In A LADY OF QUALITY."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 53!.
THIS EVENING
I Gorgeous and Dazzling Production of Francis i
Wilson's Greatest Comic Opera Success
THE
Merry Monarch !
i To-morrow evening:, two hundred and fiftieth
performance of the season, when every lady
will be presented with a beautiful and costly I
Souvenir, Illustrated in colors depicting the de-
: partments of the Grand Opera House. A work
of art — from advertising matter. '
i POPULAR PRICES -50c, 35c, Xc, 15c and 10c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
I ELECTION RETURNS TO-MORROW NIGHT. j
' THE FUXNY WEEK BEGINS TO-NIGHT.
The New York Lyceum Theater Comic Hit
Entitled
NERVES!
IN-VENTED FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES.
UNCHANGEABLE PRICES. ...ISc, 25c, 35c Wo
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
i NEXT— "JIT FRIEND FROM INDIA,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
ADVEaTISF.TVTEMTS.
Mrs. Ptnßham's Advice Saved
Mrs. Hayes From an Operation.
[LETTEB TO MES. riNKHAM NO. 64,283]
* 4 Dear Mrs. PiNKHAii— Words cannot
express my thanks to you for your kind
advice to me in regard to my health, I
had been running- down in health for
about seven years. I had doctored
with good doctors and taken a great
many patent medicines. My trouble
began when my first child was born.
I had a very hard time and after its
birth would have severe flooding spells.
"After my second child I had very
good health until last winter when I
again became pregnant and suffered
very much and miscarried. I came
very near dying, and the doctor said I
i must have an operation, which fright-
! ened me very much, and concluded to
write to you for your advice, and take
your medicine. Was troubled with the
! whites, great pain in back and hips,
I sometimes when lying down or sitting
j was unable to get up. Would have
i such pain in groins could hardly walk.
" I can say I have never seen any-
! thing so wonderful as Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and Sana-
tive Wash. Your remedies have done
i wonders for me. Hoping that many
of my suffering- sisters may be led to
take your metffcine from reading this
letter, I remain, sincerely yours, Mrs.
Mary Hayes, Habdixsburg, Ky."
Letters like the foregoing should
convince everyone that Mrs. Pinkham's
i advice is certain help.
«, Tailor-Maed
W SUITS
lEaftr'VffflsEr Correct Styles and
>'A Eaay Payments It
f «T$' i .^s&?Sf«s3ifet**» < O Tin Amur /»<\
Mw'MWf&y TAILORING CO.,
riARKET ST. ;
No. 2 Eullaoye, $«, reduced to §5.35
No. 4 Bullseys, 512. reduced to JJS.OO
No. 1 Folding Pocket Kodak, $10, re-
duced to $6.05
No. 2 Folding Pocket Kodak. $15, re-
duced to
No i Cartridge Kodak. $25, reduced t0..510.03
ALL OTHERS IN PROPORTION.
St.,
D«ai»r In Photo Snppllsa.
Developing and Printing a Specialty.
o£jis!Wffls£t^ I W 'H guarantee
Jg&fssrffl(B^ that my Rheumatism
/^S^jy^^^i^ Cure will relieve lum-
l|gf vtIL hago, sciatica and all
ftKi vgHg rheumatic pains in
cw £S2t*tSe~&tf * vro or n>e hours,
V' -l 'l^«P§*Br an cure m a few
\ /^y% ay "* MUNYON. .
jffi^^?ii'i*L At «11 drugjdsts,
«f^nJKfcZrs^M_ 25c. a vial. Guide
s£ly^^S^i3j to Health and medi-
•4 I flu* cal advice free.
' • 1505 Arch et., Phila.
' ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED. I
DR. METKRS & CO. have trie larg*«t prao- M
I tlce and best equipped medical Institution H
en the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. _
I'P.IVATE BOOK and advice free at offlc« M
I ;cr by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco. B
I , m
ivisiv OR JORDAN'S great, I
#HOSEOi OF AHaTOBY*
4 Ch 1051 KASEET ST. Hi. 6±*7th. S.y.Cd. A
X Q' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
Q World. Weaknesses or »ny contracted A
IL sffSSt\ tlisea»e i»-«Ul»rlyciir«dt.ytlir oldest f
9 H JK» S 1 6 "* l ' ll ' on the Co»«. Ejt. 36 ye*r»- Q
A |S#l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
A f®s~vl T < - one " llMiori frre and strictly prirate, \
if if 1* / *''" m Cl|<r<!tne¥ undertaken. i
injf ISM w r:te for Book. rRH.OSOI'IIVtf Jj
!* * I J 7 " MIBBIACE, MAILED FRha. (A?
X valuable book for mm) \
y OH. JOBDA9T «S:C'O., 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
v^^vl^ ELECTRIC BETS.
■ifrrSffl^y.Viffg^K^ I>rlces from $3 50 to
: (»rS\WW^?^ '■--'• Largest mann-
KK__V-v 1 fV/vraafacturera In the Unt-
SSt?SST»»c^k>- 5r CTr;-*^Sir ted States. Quarks
//VsAft(fii!F****^f>F^ eßtabllshment.
'"tSr*yl- *f» fC7" Fof particulars
Jit— call or send 2c In
• jT*. stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCD ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St..
Opposite Palace Hotel, 8. F.
nil mvi in Piles and all Rectal
SiSiliifiSlis i diseases - cured or no
L? II U I Ihi L l ia >- No detention
nil * 1 1111 r trom business. DRS.
112 I I S lIS I 2 MANSFIELD & POR-
IiUI I Wilt TERFIELD, Of Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
~" AMUSEMENTS. .■' • •
CHUTES AND ZOO.
i
EVERT AFTERNOON AND E\"ENINa
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS. Hich Diver.
Frank Hall Subduing "Wallace."
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
See the LOCAL CANDIDATES on the
ANIMATOSCOPE. •
Visit the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
AMATEUR MEGAPHONE MINSTRELS
THURSDAY NIGHT.
_ .. . Fbone tor Seals, Park 23. •--.»
OVERDUE SHIP
CHAS. E. MOODY
REACHES PORT
At Honolulu When
the Ohio Sailed.
WENT VIA CAPE OF GOOD HOPE
rehtsttrance gamblers made
MONEY ON THE DEALu
•
Underwriters Paid 65 Per Cent to
Avoid Their Risks — British. Ship
Falls of Clyde Granted Ha
waiian Registry.
♦
The American ship Charles E. Moody,
cm which 65 per cent was paid to reinsure
hull and cargo, arrived in safety at Ho
nolulu on October 26. The owners and
underwriters had grave fears for the
safety of the vessel, but the ship cap
tains along the front always asserted that
she would reach Hawaii In safety. In
consequence there was considerable
gambling on the result, and one broker
said yesterday that the insurance people
will have to pay $20,000 to different San
Francisco men who backed the ship.
Captain Anderson, the owner of the ves
sel, 1b out about $5000 on the long voyage
of the Moody. She is a splendid vessel
and well found throughout, so when she
left Norfolk, Va., on April 19 he had not
a cent of insurance on her. When the
months rolled by and there was no news
from the *hip ne began to feel uneasy,
but still showed his confidence in Captain
Woodsida and the craft by refusing to in
sure. When the Moody was 170 days out,
however, he changed his mind and paid
the underwriters at the rate of 00 per cent
to insure his Interest In the vessel and
cargo.
Among those who made "a killing" on
the overdue Bhip was Captain Giimore of
the Servla. He knows the vessel well and
when the' rate went to 65 per cent he in
vested considerable money and will now
j reap the reward of his judgment. Cap
\ tain James H. Bruce, Captain Horriman
j and Captain Blair always maintained
that the Moody would go to Honolulu
by way of the Cape of Good Hope and
; backed their opinion to the extent of sev
| eril hundred dollars. When the trans
i part Ohio reached port yesterday morn
i ing It was learned that Captain Wood-
I side had taken his ship via Good Hope
■ after failing to round the Horn.
Light winds and calms and a Japanese
I crew were responsible for the long voyage
'of the ship. When she left Norfolk sne
had fifteen Japanese and tlve white men
before the mast. Ship masters say that
on a sailing vessel It takes three Japanese
to do one ABa work. In that event the
Moody was handicapped to a very great
extent. Captain Woodslde in his report
s;i\s they were the most stupid lot ot
men he tver had to deal with. On May
13 Adolph Plckert, an AJ3, and three Jap
anese were out on the jibboom stowing
the sail. By some means or another Pick
ert fell overboard, but the Japanese
raised no outcry and finished their work.
About an hour aftel" the accident they
reported that Plckert was overboard. It
was then too late to do anything, as the
unfortunate sailor was lost.
The Moody reached Honolulu without
the loss of a sail. The officers of the
Ohio say sh>' looked as dean as a new
pin and showed no traces of her long
voyage. In making Honolulu by the
route he tonk Captain Woodside sailed
over 3.". 000 miles, while Norfolk is less
than &>io miles In a direct line from Ha
waii. The vessel has nearly SiXfO tons of
coal aboard for the Government and after
discharging it she will probably go to Pu
get Sound In ballast.
The transport Ohio brings news
that the Circuit Court of Hawaii has
made a peremptory order to tho Collector
of Customs at Honolulu to issue a cer
tificate of registration to the British ship
Falls of Clyde. The big: vessel is now
lying: at Howard street wharf, loaded for
Hllo. She was purchased in San Fran
cisco several months ago by Honolulu and
San Francisco parties and a Hawaiian
registry \v;is applied for. The Collector
of the Port of Honolulu refused to give
the vessel what was asked for and the
owners carried the matter into court,
with the result that the F;ills of Clyde is
now entitled to fly the Hawaiian nag.
SUNDAY AT THE PARK
Big Crowds Enjoy a Day Out in the
Open.
As far ns accidents or special Incidents
wr-ra concerned yesterday was a quiet day
at the park and beach. The crowd was
large, as was the drive, but all the people
were out for fun, not trouble, and in con
sequence the police did not find it neces
sary to make an arrest during the day.
Over 0000 people passed through the gates
at the Chutes and enjoyed the various
features. Much enthusiasm was aroused
by the biograph pictures of Republican
! candidates, which wire taken by the
I mann.gmcnt of the Chuu-s In various
1 haunts of the politicians In the down-town
districts.
Guests at Sutro Baths -were enter
tained by the usual aquatic con testa, the
results of which foliow:
Fifty-yard dash— J. O'Brien won, AY.
McCorraack second.
Fifty-yard Juvenile— H. Leickcn first,
J. O'Brien second.
Hundred-yard tub race— W. Dunford
I fir*t, L.. Bondlne second, W. "Wilson
I third.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— J.
I O'Brien first prize. Jake Bradstone second.
Underwater swimming contest— Won by
i Fred McDermott.
High diving— J. Laird, first prize, 11.
j Leicken Htcond.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Druggists, tOe flask. Richards & Co. 406 Clay.
MABEL GIFFORD IS BETTER.
She Promises Her Brother-in-Law
Not to Attempt to End Her
Life Again.
Mabel Glfford, the young telegraph
operator who hired a room at 233 Kearny
street Saturday night and turned on the
gas with the intention of killing herself,
because her sweetheart quarreled with
her, Is now fully sensible of the foolish
ness of her act.
M. L. Maxlield. the girl's brother-in
law, with whom she lived in East Oak
land, culled at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday afternoon and took her home.
She was repentant and promised never to
repeat the act.
P. Boland. candidate for Public Admin
istrator; Democratic nominee. •
Evil Effects of Gin.
Bert Hilea, a drayman living at 25*5
Third street, was found by Policeman
Folsom at Valencia and Hermann streets
yesterday morning wandering aimlessly
around with blood flowing from a wound
on his scalp. Hiles was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his wound wns
stitched and dressed by Dr. Hopper. He
said that he started out Saturday night
to pay a small bill. He had between Sls
and $16 in his pockets. After paving the
bill, which amounted to 75 cents, "he went
into a saloon and drank two glasses of
gin. He walked around for a little and
had another glass of gin in another sa
loon.
After drinking the third glass Hiles
did not seem to realize anything until
two or three men came up to him,
knocked him down and robbed him of ali
his money.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole for Coroner. Dem. •
Father Bartlett Receives.
An elaborate reception was tendered on
Thursday evening to Father F. Barth
waite Bartlett. the new rector of the
Church of St. Mary the Virgin. The rec
tory parlors, beautifully decorated with
hollyhocks and chrysanthemums, were
crowded from 9 to 10 o'clock by members
of the congregation and their friends
The rector was assisted in receiving by
Father Parrish and Father Radcllff.
Chas. A. Low, candidate for Police Judgo*
SAILORMEN ON
THE PATHFINDER
WANT THEIR PAY
Captain Afraid They
Will Desert.
PREPARING FOR NOME RUSH
A BIG FLEET TO LEAVE THIS
POET IN THE SPRING.
Russian Steamer Dalney Vostok Ar
rives From Honolulu — Launch of
New Schooner Lottie Ben
nett—Water Front Notes.
The men on the Coast and Geodetic
Survey steamer Pathfinder are protest
ing: vigorously because they have not re
ceived their last month's pay. The vessel
is lying at Main street wharf getting an
overhauling, and the men assert that the
captain 1b afraid to pay them what is
coming to them for fear all hands would
desert in a body. Said one of. them yes
terday:
"Our captain has discovered a new way
to prevent desertion. Last pay day sev
eral of the crew ran -away as soon as they
got "their pay, and the captain is pre
venting a repetition of the exodus by
withholding our pay. We asked him yes
terday when we were going to get paid,
and he told us none of us would get our
money until the ship went back to her
anchorage in the bay. Then shore liberty
is to bestopped and our pay will be no
good to us. Resides, it may be a fort
night before we go out in the stream. If
we were only treated properly there would
be no desertions, :md, consequently, no
need for such measures as our captain is
taking. Instead of being auoard a United
States vessel one would think we were on
a deepwater packet, where desertions are
the rule and not the exception."
A big fleet of vessels will be running to
Cape Nome next spring. Steamers are be
ing chartered on all sides, and several
parties are trying to make purchases in
the East to meet the demand. The x'acific
Steam Whaling Company will put three
line steamers in the run. ihe transport
Valencia will not go back to Manila after
making this trip, but, in company with
the Excelsior and Jeanie, will run to Cape
Nome. The Jeanie is sheathed with iron
wood and will probably be the first vessel
to reach the gold lields. She was built for
a tender to the whalers and will have lit
tle difficulty in breaking her way through
the ice. She will leave here the last of
: April or the first week in May.
The whaling company is also building
I a small steamer that will run between
| St. Michael. Nome and Golovin Bay. For
I her they have secured the only boiler in
! the world that was not contracted for.
' New boilers cannot be procured for love
or money, and in consequence very ex
pensive repair work has been done on the
boilers of some San Francisco vessels.
The boiler procured by the Steam Whal
ing Company is a Babcock & Wilcox, and
is beini; built in England, but will be in
New York April 5. Over fifty shipowners
were after the boiler, but the San Fran
cisco firm made the best offer and it was
accepted. The hull of the new steamer
win De built by Hay & Wright at Ala
meda. She will be 115 feet long, 23 feet
beam ami 9 feet 0 inches deep.
The new four-masted schooner Lottie
Bennett has been launched at Port
P.lakeley and will begin loading to-day
i for Hilo. She is a magnificent vessel and
I will carry b<>o,ooo feet of lumber. Her
j principal owners are Captain Bennett,
Captain Harry Goodall, Captain T. Wal
lace, Captain Jepsen and Captain
Humphrey, all of this city.
The little gasoline crahboat Fra Diavalo
was nearly destroyed by fire yesterday
morning. She was up on the ways being
cleaned an.l painted, and Just as the fin
ishing touches were being put on some one
| dropped a match into the oil tank. In a
I moment everything- was in a blaze. All
i the upper works of the little craft were
■ destroyed, but the hull and machinery is
; nut seriously damaged.
The Tennessee delegation is anxiously
looking for the Indiana with the Tennes
see soldiers. The Fearless lay at the
: wharf all day yesterday with steam up
waiting to take the members out to meet
the transport, but she did not put in an
appearance.
The Russian steamer Dalney Vostok ar
rived from Honolulu yesterday afternoon.
She broke down off the Heads and, as her
charter as a transport expired yesterday,
j the captain accepted the services of the
| tug Reliance and was towed into pert.
! The damage to the machinery was slight,
but it would have delayed the arrival of
! the vessel. The Dalney Vostok went from
]<nhr- to Honolulu with a lot of Japanese
contract laborers. After discharging them
she sailed for San Francisco a few hours
after the Ohio and made the run in al
most the same time as that vessel.
MAYOR PHELAN
STATES THE ISSUES
What Success Will Signify.
Tn view of the false issues raised and
persistently advocated, I desire to say
that I and my colleagues will construe
our success ut the polls as an indorse
ment of our official acts and the policy
we have established In expelling bossism
and corporate control from the City Hall,
and also as a rebuke to the gentlemen
who are seeking to destroy the principal
feature of the new charter, which, in re
quiring city elections separate and dis
tinct troni national elections, designed to
Insure ;i dispassionate business discussion
of local affairs uninfluenced by mere par
tisan zeal, which in the past has carried
men intu office without respect to their
honesty or limess, to the great injury of
our city.
1 believe with the true and disinterested
friends of the charter that separate mu
nicipal elections are necessary for good
municipal government, and I ask the
people, by their votes, to determine their
policy in this respect. If the attempt to
force national issues into city elections is
not rebuked at this time, the great bene
fits of the charter will be lost.
Notwithstanding false, statements to the
contrary, the bi-partisan boards and the
civil service provisions give no party ad
vantage to either side in the matter of
patronage, which the charter has wisely
destroyed, unless the Mayor proves false
to his 'oath of office. The Mayor has but
thirty-three direct appointments. Civil
service rules regulate the appointment of
all the others, and the present members
of the School, Police and Fire depart
ments are secured In their positions by
the charter on good behavior, and cannot
be removed without cause after a trial.
If elected I will be loyal to the charter
and endeavor to firmly establish Its prin
ciples and with least friction Introduce
the reforms which it contemplates, acting
wholly In full sympathy and accord with
its purposes and objects.
JAMES D. PHELAN.
Graham Committed Suicide.
J. Frank Graham, residing at 410
Kearny street, was found yesterday
morning suffering from an overdose of
morphine taken with suicidal Intent.
From the time he was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital until he died no hope
was entertained of his recovery. "When
death claimed him the Coroner was noti
fied and removed the body to the Morgue.
In Graham's pocket a note was found, in
which the suicide said that he had been
almost crazy for two weeks, and asking
that his brother be notified of his death.
t /?i(ai£ ; 'z/\iz&£fi&
puts heart anrl ability Into one— helps one over
the hard places In life. Its merit Is assured
by the fact that It is made by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Abb's.
A Chinese Lecture.
A Chinese lecture under the auspices of
the Chinese Empire Reform Association
will be given to-day at noon at the Jack
son street Chinese theatre.
If Dr. Thoß. H. Morris Is elected Supervisor,
the people may depend on honest government
of munlclual affairs. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE'S TRAGEDY OF KING LEAR.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IIV SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. 'William J. Rolfe, Dr. Hamilton
W. Mable, Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corsoa, Dr. Isaac >.". Demmon, Dr. Vlda D.
Scudder and others.
IV. KING LEAR.B
Sketch of the Opening Act.
L.ear, King of Britain, had three daugh
ters — Gonerll, married to the Duke of Al
bany; Regan, married to the Duke of
Cornwall, and Cordelia. Being advanced
in years and anxious to disburden himself
of the cares of state, he had divided his
kingdom into three portions, with the in
tention of conferring one on each of his
daughters and spending his remaining
days in ease and retirement. But he was
a man of somev.iat unstable character,
liable to sudden whims, and all at once
he took it into his head to upset the ar
rangement h© had already made and to
give the larger share of his kingdom to
the daughter who should convince him
that she loved him best. The three
princesses, being called upon to prove
which had the best title to the largest
share, the two elder sisters were profuse
in their expressions of affection, but Cor
delia, who loved nothing better than
truth, could not be prevailed upon to
share In the exaggerated protestations of
her sisters, and declared that she loved
SHAKESPEARE'S CLIFF, DOVER.
her father as her duty bound her to do
and no more. The old King, in a violent
rage at this behavior of his youngest
daughter, divided his kingdom equally be
tween Goneril and Regan, and utterly dis
inherited Cordelia. Two suitors for Cor
delia's hand were then present at the
court, the Duke of Burgundy and the |
King of France, They had come In the j
expectation of receiving a handsome
dowry with the lady, and Lear now
turned to them and asked whether they
were still willing to take her in her pres
ent penniless and disgraced condition. The
Duke of Burgundy, to whom the offer was
first made, declined to take a dowerless
wife, but the King of France, believing
that she was a dowry in herself, gladly
accepted her hand and took her home
with him as his Queen.
Lear was to retain the title only of
King, without the authority, and, attend
ed by a train of a hundred knights, was
to divide his time equally between the
houses of Goneril and Regan, spending a
month at a time with each. Not only did
the hundred knights prove to be exceed- j
ingly troublesome and disorderly inmates j
j of the household, but their master him
self, forgetting his part of the compact,
acted as If he still possessed the royal
authority which he had given away, and
I Goneril, with whom he was spending the
j first month, soon grew tired of such un- |
ruly guests. Lear concluded to rely on the '
! affection of his second daughter and sent
a letter to Regan to announce that he i
would be with her immediately.. The j
bearer of this letter was the Earl of Kent, j
the most loyal and devoted subject that
Lear had possessed. Lear had banished |
him from the kingdom for taking the part j
of Cordelia, but his loyalty could not be
checked by this, and he had now joined j
his old master again, disguised as a ser- I
vant.
Note— This sketch Introduces some of the i
leading characters. The student Is advised to \
read the play throughout before taking up the !
special studies.
Critical Study of the Play.
"King Lear" Is the universal tragedy of
human ingratitude, or, in the more lim
ited sense, of filial ingratitude. Wherever
there is a father whose doting fondness
outruns his discretion, whose desire for
filial approbation blinds him to the con
sequences of his paternal folly; wherever
there is a mother who prematurely re
signs into her daughter's hands the sway
of her household and sacrifices her own
dignity as its head, there the eternal
tragedy of Lear is on the point of being I
re-enacted. For the human heart is by
nature greedy of power, of e*ase, of defer
ence from others; and It is only held In
check by the bends of duty, by respect of !
established authority, by awe and rever- j
ence. That which distinguishes the world
of man from the world of the brute or the
vegetable creation is certain sacred in
stincts, potential at first and afterward
reinforced by the institutions of human
society. The adolescent oak hesitates not j
to draw its sustenance from the parent tree
lying prone at its feet; the king of the
wolf pack is devoured by his fierce sub
jects the moment he falters and suc
cumbs; even In certain savage tribes <.he
aged man, though a chief, is likely to fall,
as a useless incumbrance, under the
stroke of the warclub or to be led aside
to die In silence of consuming hunger.
Note how Shakespeare finds a telling
phrase for this:
The barbarous Scythian, ;
Or he that makes his generation messes .
to gorge his appetite.
Wherever mankind is but Just emerging
from barbarism, the awe that encircles
like a halo the hoary head is likely to |
prove insufficient to deter the parricide j
from invading the life from which he
drew his own; and wherever, in periods
when law is weak and order troubled, so
ciety seems reeling back into brutish
shamelessness and anarchy, there the
family is likely to present an epitome of
the moral chaos which threatens the very
framework of the world. Under such cir
cumstances, to use Shakespeare's own
words In another play: ?'^;' :
Strength should be lord of imbecility.
And the rude son should strike his father dead;
Force should be right; or. rather, right and
wrong.
Between whose endless jar Justice resides.
Should lose their names, and so should justice,
too.
, Then everything includes itself in power,
Power into will, will into appetite;
And appetite, a universal wolf.
So doubly seconded with will and power,
Must make perforce a universal prey.
And last eat up himself.
To this condition society is ever tending
to revert, and it requires the strenuous
and constant efforts of every lover of his
kind to hold it suspended . above the
abyss, to urge it upward toward the
sphere of heavenly influence, aware
[ though, he may. be that at Its best estate
It can only hang In unstable equilibrium,
like a wheel on an eccentric axis, ready
to Bwlng back toward the earth under
the weight of its own base proclivities.
The sanclty that invests the infant, the
blameless octogenarian, and the patient
domestic animal, the tender solicitude
which protects and cherishes those who
are unable to Oefend themselves against
injury— those arf plantß which need con
tinually to ho watered with celestial dew
and which are soon choked out of exist
ence by the rank weeds that flourish with
tropical luxuriance in the untended gar
den of the human heart
It Is by an unerring Instinct that
Shakespeare has preserved the barbarlo
conditions which form the natural settings
for this crime against humanity, Just as,
by an instinct equally unerring, Vour
genieff has placed his Lear of. the Steppes
in the deml-savagery of peasant Russia.
Balzac In his "Pere Goriot" has attained
a similar though Inferior result by sur
rounding 'he hero of his sordid tale with
the refined bestiality of nineteenth
century Paris.
The Lear of Shakespeare la a crpatur©
of impulse. He is a Celt, a Celt antedat
ing the Christian era by something like a
thousand years, a Celt who swears his
pagan gods In an epoch when the stars
could still be supposed without too great
absurdity to determine the destinies of
men. "Warm-hearted himself, he craves
the display of affection from those who
j are doubly bound to him as Prince and
father. His own emotions demand im
mediate and full expression, and grati
tude or love means nothing to him unless
It is demonstrative and eloquent In its
turn. The significant deed does not con
tent him; it must be accompanied or re
placed by flowery words. For this he
1 sets the pattern. 'When he divides his
kingdom it is with the swelling language
;of a pronunciamento; when his anger
; grows into vehement rage it expends It-
I self in Invective which might be called
j Ciceronian, were it not Shakespearean.
! His Judgment has always been weak and
j his rule unsteady; like others of Shake
speare's English monarchs, notably Rich
ard 11, he was born to be an orator or a
j poetaster rather than a King. He loves
I the trappings and appurtenances of
royalty; his aim has not been to serve his
people, but to enjoy his state, the pro
fessions of loyalty tendered by his cour
tiers, and the freedom to do and say
whatever comes into his head. Senility
| has but increased his Impulsiveness, his
I fondness for show, his impatience of any
! restraint; it has rendered insatiable his
; df-sire for homage and for the display of
j blind, unreasoning, overflowing affection.
j What a cMsappolntment he is preparing
| for himself when *he parts with his
j power, the only thing wnich has recon
j clled his court to bear with his arbitrary
i and changeful demeanor! He becomes es
j sentlally a private man, and from ti.at
I moment begins to reap what he has sown.
Impatient of discipline himself, he has
I never imposed it upon his daughters, and
I there is no reference to their mother,
! whom we may therefore suppose to have
died too early to supply this deficiency of
paternal training; he accordingly flnd3
himself confronted with sheer nature —
in the case of Goneril and Regan with
headstrong, lustful, cruel women, strong
I with the strength of the tigress, and
beautiful, if beautiful, with the gleam of
her eye and the litheness of her terrible
body; in the case of Cordelia, with a
stern uprightness and a dumb tenderness,
both of which he is incapable of compre
hending. It is with these that, practically
alone and unfriended, he finds himself
! face to face, for Albany, though sym
pathetic, is under the dominion of his
wife's imperious nature; Gloucester,
though pitiful. Is sufficiently occupied
j with the retribution for his own sins;
I Kent, though loyal, wanders In disguise
as an outlaw; and the Fool ruthlessly
chastises his master's follies, only tem
pering his sarcasm at times with the
tender reflexes of his adoration for Cor
delia, toward whom his sentiments are
like those of the huntsman for his lady
1 in Browning's "Flight of the Duchess."
In this unequal contest Lear is bound to
succumb. The kingdom of hi? soul, which
has long been the prey to blind whim or
ungoverned passion, has now become ab
solutely chaotic, and Is accordingly no
match for the steady purposes and con
stant wills to which It is opposed. He
is thrust out by calculating and insistent
selfishness, and eventually succored by
unwavering affection; his own impulsive
and fickle nature is but the football of to
and-fro contending forces, and the only
majesty which he retains to the end Is
that of fitful passion and ruinous age, the
majesty of a dismantled tower played
round by wild lightning.
Note— This "Critical Study of the Play"
I by Dr. Cook of Yale will be concluded oil
j Thursday.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn- Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls, and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15,1900. Examinations -Will
be held at their close as a basis for
the granting of certificates.
King's Successor.
HONOLULU. Oct. 27.-Alexander Toting
was this afternoon appointed Minister of
jS£?.°A, t Ku£l cceed toe late Captala
56
+ 1
X 21/est I
4-H-+++++ ♦ ♦ 4 ♦ » ♦♦■♦♦■»•
SENATORS
WIN EASY
VICTORIES
Hot S.ickwork Results in a
Wa ! loping to the
Dudes.
Oakland 2, Sacramento 5.
In the language of the street, the Dudes
had it put on 'em yesterday morning and
afternoon, and the Senators did the trick.
The game on this side at the bay was
easy going for the Statesmen and hard
up-hill climbing for the Brummels.
After the second and third Innings there
was nothing to the afternoon game but
the Senators viewed through the small
end of a telescope and the Dudes seen
from the- reverse end. The tlrst Inning
passed off without a killing, but when the
next period began the Sacramentans
swelled with a desire to show their stick
ability.
Stanley worked a double-bagger and a
single by Shanataan hurled him over the
rubber. Then Sheehan rapped out a hit,
followed by Stultz, who dropped a fly that
was much like the gentle rain from
heaven; into Hardies its. Hardie polite
ly dropped the ball and Shanah&n scored.
In the third Harvey made the first bag
on a hit, stole second; went to third on
Q'Conner's hit and scored when Eagan
rolled out a safe- one. Eagan went to the
second siding on Doyle's out and scored
on a hit by Sheehan. In the fifth Stanley
went to lirst on an honest hit, second on
Doyle's out and crossed the plat when
Sheehan rapped out a safe one.
Oakland's two runs were made in the
fourth and sixth. Hammond took first
on four bad balls, second on Hardies out,
third on a similar performance by Moski
inan. crossing the rubber on Dunleavy'a
hit. In the sixth Hutchinson received the
ball on the chest, but he died at second,
when forced out by Hammond, who made
first in safety, stole second and third,
cantering home on a passed ball.
Harvey pitched a remarkably good
game, but Harper was hit frequently.
The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. im. SB. PO. a. E.
Hutchinson, lb 2 0 0* 0 12 1 v
Hammond, v 2 2 0 2 6 1 0
Hardie. r£ 10 0 0 2 0 1
Moskiman, If 4 0 10 2 0 0
Dunleavy. 2b 4 c i 0 0 : (J
Borchers. cf 4 0 0 0 - 0 0
Lance, 3b 3 0 10 2 2 0
fichmeer. B. a 3 0" 0 0 4 0
liar; er, p 3 8 0 0 1 « 0
_______
Totals 29 2 3 2 27 15 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. H. HIT SB. PO A. E.
Mrllale. If 5 0 10 0 0 0
Harvey, i 5 12 10 3 0
O'Connor, lb 4 0 0 0 14 0 0
EftKan, s. s 0 1 1 0 2 2 "
Stanley, c 5 1 3 0 4 0 0 1
Doyle, rf 4 0 10 " 111
Shanahan. cf 4 1 1 0 2 0 0 \
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 3 0 0 1 0 j
Stultz. 2b 3 0 0 0 0 6 0;
Totals 89 1 _"! 27 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacran-.er.to 022010000—5
Base hits 03312001 2—12
Oakland 0 0 0101000—2 •
L'ase hits 0 'i 0 1 0 1 1 0 o—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 4, Harvey 1. t
Two-base hits— Stanley, Mosktman, Harvey.
Sacrifice 'nit— Doyle. First base on errors— j
Sacramento 1. First base on called balls— j
Sacramento 2. Oakland 2. Left on bases— Sac
ramento St. Oakland 4. Struck out — By Harper
6. by Harvey 4. Hit by pitcher— Hutchlnson.
Double play— Doyle to OConnor. Passed ball—
Stanley. Wild pitch— Harvey. Time of same —
Two hours and five minutes. Umpire — Graves.
Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 2. Sacramento 6.
Fireworks of the lurid kind were seen
during the morning game at Oakland.
Fourteen hit? made Borchers look like
subject of a railroad accident,
and six ripe and fulsome errors by the
Dudes gave Sacramento an easy victory.
In the first inning Harvey swatted a j
two-bagger, took third on O'Connor's hit,
scoring on Dunleavy's error of Ham
mond's throw to second to catch O'Con- j
nor, The second inning brought Oakland [
a run. With two men cremated, Shana
han dropped Borchers' liner to center.
The Adonis went to second on a wild
pitch, third on Lange's hit, scoring on
Stanley's wild throw to second to chop
tiff Lange. ■- ; , :
In the fourth Stanley made first by a
hit. second on Doyle's sacrifice and third
on Hammond's overthrow to second,
crossing the rubber on Shanahan's hit.
The latter made the second station on a
passed ball, scoring on Sheehan'B two
bagger.
The sixth gave another run to Sacra
mento. Shanahan making first on a hit
and scoring on Stultz's three-bagger. In
the seventh ling Oakland put another
mark on the score board. Schmeer
reached first on Stultz's error, scoring on
Hutchinson's two-base hit. In the eighth
Stultz and McHale crossed the rubber for
Sacramento. The score is:
OAKLAND.
AH. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 3 0 1 0 S 0 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 9 2 1
Hardle, cf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Mosklmnn. If 4 0 0 0 2 10
Ininleavy. 2b 4 0 10 2 12
Borchers, p 4 110 0 4 1
Lange, SI. 4 0 2 2 2 11
Sehmeer, «. s 4 10 0 2 i 0
Harper, rf 4 0 0 0 10 1
Totals 34 2 I 2 27 11 C
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, If 6 110 0 0 0
Harvey, rf 4 13 0 10 0
O'Connor, lb 4 0 2 2 16 0 0
Eagan, a. s 4 0 1 1 0 I 0
Stanley, c 6 110 5 11
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Shanahan, cf 5 2 2 0 2 0 1
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 2 0 15 0
fcitultz, 2b 4 12 0 2 6 1
Totals 3S 6 14 3 27 15 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 10000100—2
Base hits 0 1010110 I—s
Sacramento 1 00201020—6
Base hits 2 12 3 12 0 3 o—l4
SUMMARY.
Rung responsible tor Borchers 1. Three
base hits— fltultz, Harvey. Two-base hits—
Harvey, Bheehan, Hutchinson. Stultz. Sacri
fice Doyle, Bheehan. First base on errors
—Oakland 1, Sacramento 1. First base on
called Oakland 2, Sacramento 3. Left on
bases— Oakland 7, Sacramento 10. Struck out—
By Borchers 8. by Doyle 2. Double play—
Mosklman to Hammond. Passed ball-,Ha"m
-mond. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of game—
2:05. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer- 11. S.
McFarlin.
Baseball at Vallejo.
VAT. T.H.JO. Nov. .".—The Santa Cruz and
LSI teams broke even
. Th.- .-.-.pros were aa follows:
Morning g.ime— Santa Cruz H: San F"ran
cisco f<; Batterii ■ 'niz. Ward and
Farrell; San Francisco, iburg and Sulli
gam< Banta Crus 2; San
Francisco 0; Batteries— Whalen and M ir
rill; Fltznatrick and Sullivan. Umpire,
Woodruff.
HOSTLER STABBED BY
A MEXICAN WOMAN
Jealousy Causes the Murder of an
Employe of J. J. McDonald
in Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Nov. s.— John Flood, a hos
tler in the employ of J. J. McDonald,
County Coroner, was stabbed by .1 Mexi
can woman named Maria Oliver last
night, receiving injuries from which he
■ quently died.
Tli- : tnf trouble has not yet
. asci rtained, but Is supposed to be
lousy. Flood was cut In the leg
bled to death. The woman is now un
irrest.
Wealthy relatives sometimes enable a
man to deal In futures.
Sporting Svents from All Over the World.
MAY QUEEN,
A TEXAS DOG,
SHOWS WELL
Finishes Third to Rollicking
Airs at Union Coursing
Park.
Pasha Kennels 1 Rollicking Airs won
the final of the open stake at Union
I Coursing Park yesterday, defeating Cava
i Her by a score of 15 to 6. The latter was
I favorite in the betting. The Consolation
: stake was won by Commodore, the score
j being 10 to 7. Miss Skyrocket looked a
■ sure winner, but was off her game and
not scoring the points her backers ex
' pected. Commodore was asto 2 favorite.
i May Queen, which divided the American
i Waterloo at Dallas, Texas, with Emtn
Pasha, ran remarkably well, finishing in
third place. She was shut out of the final
by Cavalier, the runner-up. The condi
■ tions were all favorable for coursing and
[ the sport was all of good class. The de
tailed results follow:
Open stake: First round— Bterl & Knowles'
I Sleety Mist beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's
I Julius Caesar.: J. Hurley*! " X Capitol beat T.
! J. Cronln's Thornhlll; J. H. Harrison's Hot
! Haste beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; G. Aber
! <Toirrt>le's Rock [aland King beat Curtis &
\ Son's Beacon; R. L. Taylor's Mose boat Sterl
i & Knowles' Frosty Morn; Pasha kennels' Rol
: licking Airs beat A. L. Austin's Firm Foe;
St.-rl & Knowleo' For Glory beat Curtis &
.Son's Vanity Fair: Jan Dean's Helle of An
derson beat Sterl & Knovles' Rusty Gold; Cur
. tis & Son's Vulcan beat J. V. Thrift's Forget;
i John Kerrigan' 8 Conquer beat Russell, Allen
«St Wilson's Daisy Clalr; Handy & Smith Vic
i tor beat W. Cairns' Imperial; Curtis & Son's
I Cavalier beat .1. H. Perlgo's Lady Davenport;
D Chella'a Golden Russet beat R. E. de B. Lo
pez 1 a Mlnneola: J. Dlckson's Black Bess beat
i: a- R. Scott's lyord Byron; W. H. Rike's
I Nan ■. R bent Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master
I Clair; Erwln & Lyons May Queen beat R. E.
de B. Lopec's St Anthony.
Second round— Sleety Mist beat O X Capitol;
lit Haste beat Rock Island King: Rollicking
. Airs beat Mose; For Glory beat Belle of Ander
son; Concucror beat Vulcan; Cavalier beat Vic
tor; Black Bess beat Golden Russet; May Queen
beat Nancy R.
Third round— Sleety Mist beat Hot Haste;
Rollicking Airs ran a bye; Cavalier beat Con
queror; May Queen bent Black Bess
Fourth round- Rollicking Airs beat Sleety
Mist; Cavalier I«*U May Queen.
Final— Rollicking Airs beat Cavalier.
iund -Royal Anno
boat Bl ick Ri -k . Prettj Girl beat S
Skyrocket • -,; Ahn
S>llle G; M;i> Hemi r-u-:t.l I
re beat
■ Klnley.
. Anne;
a bye.
1 Third round Mi s Sfc I Prettj Girl;
■
Skyrocket
The draw f«>r the annual plains mi
of the Interstatt g Club at Mer
-v- ill be held at Pythian i
week from to-night. The majority of the
courpinK men will leave on Tuesday, th<
14th Inst., for Merced, where they will
course on the 15th and
BELLE CLAIR WINS
AT SAN MATEO PARK
Belle Clair, a member of a prreat family
of greyhounds, won the open stake clev
erly at San Mati ng Park yester
day. In the final sh»' led Hummer an in
dt-nnltf number of lenpthp. never Ii
the result in doubt, in a long course.
ciair- ■ opponent during the day
was little Lavender. Belle Clair led to
the hare, and from that on they worked
siilp by side. Toward the end Lavender
was doing all the work, but lost by a
score of 20 to 16 points.
i The course betveen Chicago Boy, an
other S.. Clalr puppy, and Green Valley
Maid was one of the finest scon on a local
field. The dogs first ran an undecided, for
which decision Judge Grace Jr. was loud
ily applauded. The second time out both
worked brilliantly, being to all appear
' ances well matched in the matter of
speed. Chicago Boy won, but the length
of the course overtaxed him and he was
drawn. In the previous round he put out
1 Crawford Lad, who was fancied for the
stake. The score in points was 7 to 5,
| while Crawford Lad was favorite at odds
I of 2 to 1.
Lady Clare defeated Young America In
1 the fourth round, the latter being favor
ite at odds of SMi to 1. Morning Glory beat
Royal Buck in the second round by a
score of 16 to 12. Hummer, the runner-up
! for the stake, had comparatively easy
I running, two of her trials being byes.
The attendance was the largest since the
opening day. The judging by John Grace
Jr. was first-class, his decisions being un
questioned throughout the day. He was
master of the situation at all times and
I easily lived up to all the pleasant things
said about him by his friends. Arthur
Mas Bey, the slipper, was unfortunate in
the course between Rustan and Belle
I Clair near the end of the stake. The dogs
were not slipped to the first hare and in
the struggle, before they could be quieted.
Kustan backed out of the Blip. A pro
; cession of relief dogs filed across the
field, but Rustan killed the hare. Ills
owner refused to run him at once, and
|he was given a rest while two other
courses were run. He lost, but the extra
course did not injure his chances. The
details of the day's coursing follow:
i Open stake, first round— 11. Jones' Rustan
i beat J. J. Hlgglns' Currency; B. Woods' Bat
tle Ax beat R. E. do B. Lopes'* Arrow; W.
Creamer's Delia M beat •'■ O'Bhea's Young
: Flrenzl; J. Perry's Commodore Nash beat A.
C Bradbury's Victor Chief; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Belle ''lair beat 11. H. Gray's Rona.;
J. H. Halton'B Lavender beat .1. Jones' Gall-
i vant; l-*rkey & Rock's Minerva beat J.
O'Dowd'B Clifton Lass; J. O'Dowd's "vit
; over beat J. Ferris' Leah; P. Heron's Martha
Washington beat Kelly & Hanley'H Baby King;
E. Baumelster's Winning Ways beat J. Ken
nedy's Ever Sure; J. O' Shea's Young America
beat B. Baumelster's War Cloud; E. M. Kel
! loss's Sweet Emma beat J. H. Smith's Merced;
D J. Healey's Lady Clare beat Aeneld Kenpels'
Aeneas; P. McKane'a Kißby beat W. 11. Lord's
Revolver; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore beat Jeff
Martenet's Sally Brass; .1. O' Shea's Golden
' Gate beat A. Johnson's I;.;.. Eagle; E. M. Kel-
I logg'n Hummer beat J. Mr('nrm!>'k's Halrbraln;
J. Carroll's lied Hind beat A. C. Bradbury's
Bum; J. Keennn's Royal Back beat Gorman &
Betcncourt's Forgot Me Not; .1. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory beat .1. Kennedy's Night Time;
K. E. <!<» B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid beat
! W. C. Glßsson's Terronlte; L. Wlggln's Dexter
i P beat W. Creamer's Report: Russell, Allen &■
I Wilson's Chicago Boy beat E. M. Kellogg's
lr>wa. Boy; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad beat
D. J. Healey's Maori Land.
Second round— Rustan beat Battle Ax; Delia
I M beat Commodore Nash: Belle Clr.lr beat
Lavender;' Shootover beat Minerva; Martha
Washington beat Ever Sure; Young America
beat Sweet Emma; Lady Clare beat Rlgby;
' Golden Gate beat Jesse Moore; Hummer beat
Red Hind; Morning Glory beat Royal Buck;
Green Valley Maid l eat Dexter P; Chicago Boy
beat Crawford Lod.
Third round— Rustan beat Delia M; Belle
(lair boat Shootover; Young America beat
Maitha Washington; Lady Clare beat Golden
Gate: Hummer beat Morning Glory; Chicago
Boy beat Green Valley Maid.
Fourth round- Belle Clalr beat Rustan; Lady
Clare beat Young America; Humm»r a bye,
Chicago Boy withdrawn.
Fifth round- Belle ('lair beat Lady Clare;
Hummer (a bye),
i Final— Clalr beat Hummer.
Coursing at inqlrside.
Lily of the West captured the open
p\-ikp al [ngleside yesterday. In the final
aha ran with Cash. The talent decided
that ?>hp was up against a hard game
and put her on th<; short end. The hounds
were slipped to a pood hare, but the white
bitch hud everything her own way and
made a clever drive and kill, winning the
stake handily. The puppy stake went to
Flyinp Fox, owned by Curtis & Son. Car
mencita was the runner-up in this event.
• feature of the day was the
■tr< "gth of the hares, who gave the dogs
all the running they wanted, especially
Connemara and St. Oran, who were with
drawn on account of the gruelling
courses. Th» results were:
Puppy Ptake: Third round— Curtis & Son's
Flying Fox b»at J. J.lnehan's Racine; Hnrtela
Bros. 1 Border' a Best beat J. Dean'p Qllde; J
Flower'fl Keystone beat I. Rothman's Justice-
J. Coleman's (Jood Bye beat A. Van den
Burgh's Kitty V; P. MrCabe's Sky Blue beat
A. Van den Burgh's Naughty Girl; B. E. de B.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, NOYEMBEK 6, 1899.
PAVESE DARES TRONCHET
TO FIGHT TO THE DEATH
THK local French and Italian col
are iiil worked up over a
I with Bworda held yester
daj afternoon a 1 Washington
Square Hal b< tween Professor L mla
I France, Instructor at the
Olympic Club, and Professor Gener
oso Pavese, who styles himself 'Vham
plon of the world," and has a massive
belt to prove the title. Five hundred
members of the colonies witnessed the
passage-al-arms, which was Inter
rupted by heated disagreements be
tween the principals, many "bravos,"
am', finally by a challenge to mortal
combat From Pavese! who claimed that
;i decision had been unjustly given
against him. Baron Castrone, editor
of the Italian newspaper, "Messa
g-eriu." was the umpire.
-■■ was a preliminary enc
with the foils between Baron Castrone
ami Pavese, the audience loudly >'.v
--plauding the wonderful skill and asil
Lopez's Carmencita. beat George Pinto' s Mis
, chief.
i Fourth roui 1 Flying Fox beat Border's Best:
Good Bye beat Keystone; Carmenclta beat Sky
Blue
Fifth round— Flying Fox beat Good Bye; Car
! mencita ran a bye.
j Final— Flying Fox beat Carmenclta.
j Open stake: Second round — Connell Bros.
Senorita beat J. Collins' Matchless; I. J. Cham
bell's Roclclin Belle beat R. Tlernan's Hadi
v,i<=t Handy & Smith's Terrona beat D. Ford's
Bonlta; D. Flynn's Skylight beat T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Moss Rose; D. Shannon's Safeguard
beat H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway; James
Dean's Connevnara brat Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald; Kay & Trant's Hawker beat
Lander & Gerber's Mount Ida; E. D. Fallon's
Lily of the West beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of
, Tralee; J. 11. Rons' Jessica beat H. Lynch' a
: Mystic Maid; J. Maker's Benlcia Boy beat
Lande & Gerber's Conquered; D. Shannon's
Soubrette beat J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot; Lowe &
Thompson's" St. Oran beat Murphy & Toland's
Tea Rose; Curtis & Bon's Cash beat Mur
phy, ft Toland's Twilight; T. J. Cronln's Maid
of Bail beat J. Byrnes' Olympus; J. Byrnes'
Battleship beat .1. Farley's Cash Day.
Third round— Senorita beat Rocklin Belle;
Terrona beat Skylight; guard ran a bye;
Lily of the West beat Hawker; Benlcla Boy
beat Jessica; St. ('ran beat Soubrette; Cash
beat Battleship; Maid of Ball ran a bye.
Fourth round— Senorita beat Terrona; Lily of
the West beat Safeguard; St. Oran beat Benlcla
Boy: Cash beat Maid of Ball.
Fifth round— Lily of the West beat Senorita;
Cash ran a bye.
Final— Lily of the West beat Cash.
Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Nov. s.— There was an ex
cellent day's sport at Goodwator Grove to
day, where the Interior Coursing Club
p;u-c a 2fi-dog open stake and a puppy
stake with twenty-two entries. "Joe"
Strong judged.
Run Bounding Belle beat Prince of
Fashion; Sweet Briar beat Bay State; Wild
LaFßle beat Sunbeam; Dick 1, beat Arno;
Merry Maiden beat Banner Bearer; Better
Than Gold beat Woodbine: Moloch beat Little
Hope; Ruby beat Happy Butte; Risky Attempt
I beat Pat Malloy; Hough Rider boat Lena X;
I Quiver beat Honeymoon: Sunollte beat Rings
! Around; St. Elmo beat Fashion Plate; Kerry
! Gow beat Nonpareil.
First round- Sweet Briar beat Bounding
| Belle; Wild Lassie beat Dick L; Merry Maiden
' beat Better Than Gold; Moloch beat Ruby:
Risky Attempt beat Rough Rider; Sunolite
: beat Quiver; St. Elmo beat Kerry Gow.
Second round— Wild Lassie beat Sweet Briar:
Moloch Beat Merry Maiden; Risky Attempt
; beat Sunollte: St. Elmo ran a bye.
Third round— Risky Attempt beat St. Elmo;
Moloch beat Wild Lassie.
Final— Rifky Attempt withdrawn. Moloch
won by default.
I The puppy stake was won by Flush of Gold,
McGregor second.
SAFE FROM WINTER STORMS.
Corinthian Fleet Passes Through the
Bridge Into th« Lagoon
at Tiburon.
The Corinthian Yacht Club fleet has
folded ltß wings and gone Into winter
quarters until the opening of the yacht-
I ing Season of IM'io. Immediately after
the arrival of the 11 o'clock boat from
this city yesterday morning the bridge
into the lagoon at Tiburon was raised
and the passage opened. It was found
necessary to cut the telephone and tele
graph wires stretched above the bridge
before the yachts could pass in. Frank
Bartlett climbed the mast of the Queen
j and thence to th^ raised bridge to sever
, the wlr^p. This done, Paul Bibers
1 Mignon went through, followed by the
I Queen.
The following yachts entered the la
goon in the order named: Emma, Spray,
Merope, Clara, Paul, Diana, Aeolue,
Ceres, way, Cupid, Thelmu, Freda, Stel-
I la. Mischief, Truant, Phoenicia, Trio,
i Ella. Volunteer, Ollie, Venito, Presto,
Twilight, Wawona, Juanita, Villain,
; Rover. Edna and Seven Bells. The masts
had been taken out of the Aeolus and
Mtgnon. and all had been stripped of
their sails and equipments.
The foregoing list Includes several
boats not enrolled in the Corinthian fleet,
the owners of which took advantage of
; the "open door" to pass into the shel
: tared waters of the lagoon. About ten
j or twelve yachts still remain at anchor
in Belvedere Cove. The entire operation
1 yesterday occupied only a ehort time
Ity of the visitor, who seemed able t<<
pink the editor at will. At the conclu
sion of the exhibition Professor Tron
chet. dressed in a natty duck uniform.
made his appearance on the platform
and. before the cheering had subsided,
the professional opponents were facing
each other, foil In hand. At the word
"Allcz" they set to. At the third at
tack Tronchet was disarmed and In
t lie following onslaught broke h.s foil.
The Italian prof essional was in a merry
mood, while his opDonent was plainly
Irritated. Each ::me ironchet touched
the visitor, Pavese bowed gracefully to
the audience and cried "Tronchet,"
while the Olympian was disposed to
quibble over points made against him.
I Hiring one of the rallies, thinking he
had detected a foul, the baron Stepped
between the rivals and. with uplifted
sword, tried to stop thrm. He received
a blow on the top of his hend, which
cut a deep gash. His glasses were also
dislodged from his nose. At the con
clusion of the contest, he awarded the
decision to Tronchet, who had made
fourteen points against his opponent's
thirteen.
Then there was excitement. Pavese
grew red in the fa< -p. threw off his
glove, strode to the edge of the nar
row platform and in Italian excitedly
explained to his countrymen thnt In
had been robbed. Having lost the c >n
trst the Italian swordsman challenged
Tronchet to a broadsword contest and.
and not the slightest mishap occurred.
Pori Captain J. M. Keefe as usual su
perintended the arrangements. Some of
the arks were already in the lagoon, but
"i hers remain at their moorings In the
cove. A few yachts may remain in com
mission an.l be sailed occasionally during
the winter, but th«- yachting season is
officially and actually closed.
DEATH CLAIMS A
SPORTSMAN OF NOTE
William Mcßae, a Noted Duck Shot,
Succumbs to Tuberculosis
Contracted Last Summer.
William D. Mcßae, or "Bill" Mcßae, as
he was known to ; ,i] gunmen in this dis
trict, died Saturday under peculiarly dis
tressing circumstances. A year ago he
was In the most robust health, with vital
ity which seemed capable of withstanding
the assaults of any disease. He was
passionately fond of duck shooting, and
was accounted one of the best shots in
the State. In the pursuit of the pastime
he Joined the Black Jack Gun Club, which
has its preserves on Sherman Island,
where he spent much of his leisure time.
The gamekeeper at the preserve contract
ed tuberculosis and died last July. By
the irony of fate Mr. Mcßae defrayed his
funeral expenses, little drramtng at the
tlmo thai he had been attacked by the
dread baccllll and that his days were
numbered.
Mcßae failed rapidly, but would not give
in until he had one more day on the marsh
after ducks. When the season opened he
went to Sherman Island. After killing one
duck he was satisfied, and his strength
! then ebbed away rapidly.
Mcßae was a generous man in the full
est meaning of the term. His purs, was
always open to his friends. While in the
field he invariably distributed his birds
among his less successful fellows. He
was for many years an employe of Mur
phy, Grant & Co., where he was a general
favorite among his fellow-workers.
Tanforan Park Entries.
Following are 'the entries tor the five
running events to be decided this after
noon over the track of the Western Turf
Association:
First race— Five furlong?; two-year-olds ;
maidens. ' •
... March Seven 115! ... Coming Event. .ll3
220 Gold tinder 1131 262 Tom Sharkry...lls
...Joe McGee 115 ... I Homed 11"
200 Alanette 115 282 Miss Sophie 10S
... Limerick n.i 257 Jolly t0n.... 113
Second race— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
242 Jingle Jingle. ...lol! 267 Ann Page 104
... Genua 101! 23S Monda 104
213 Yaruba 110 204 Flamaway .i.,.101
167 Bloom. Chance. .101 131 Campus 107
254 Modwena 1041
Third race— One mile and n sixteenth; selling:;
three-year-olds and upward.
263 Morlnel 107 247 Zoroaster 85
264 Coda 96 170 Stromo 96
248 Ping 101 ... Chtmura 97
234 Reolla M
Fourth race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
239 Manzanilla .....104) 261 Amasa 107
264 Silver Maid 104 1 256 P F ....104
247 Silver State... .. 101 (104)Afamada 107
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
260 Alaria ins' 229 Rosalbra 110
263 Lothian 10S 267 Lona Marie 110
241 Whaleback .....103 252 Lodestar 113
235 Judge Woffo.rd..loS
Selections for To-Day.
First rnce— Limerick. Uoldfinder, Joe ICcCte*.
Second race — Modwena, Ann Page, Blooming
Chance.
Third race— Zoroaster, Morlnel, Reolla.
Fourth race— Afamada, Amas-a. Manzanllla.
Fifth race— Alaria, I,othlnn. lodestar.
In the Handball Court.
In consequence of the absence of Joe
nothing loth, the Olympian accommo
dated him. By this time the specta
tors wore ptnndlng on chairs, wildly
excited. Both men donned heavier
helmets and gloves and, armed with
broadswords, sot to work. There was
blood in their eyes and force in every
blow. Trunchet was whacked almost
Immediately three times on the body
with the flat of the sword and three
red welts are there to remind him that
he was in a contest. In return he
struck Pavese on head and body and
once 'in the glove. Tronehet and Pa
vese argued over the latter point and
Pavese began to harangue the crowd
again until Tronchet, disgur-tr-d, threw
off his hemlet and gloves and refused
to ro on.
EDmile Ortion and Emillo T^astreto
were t" have followed Tronchet, but
Professor Paveae refused to cross
swords with them. Pavese afterward
said That he touched Tronchet IS times
in the opening contest, and received
only two in return. Ho claimed that
Hi- Baron and Tronchet were "no
gentlemen," and had not treated him
fairly He reiterated his willingness
to meet Tronchet la mortal combat In
Montreal or Mexico, and nothing
would give him more pleasure, he con
tinued, then to put another nick in
his sword-handle, after giving the lo
cal man the coup de grace. He says
he has already killed two Frenchmen,
and would lik^ to make It a third.
Collins, the young handball player who
distinguished himself at Phil Ryan's
handball court, 868 Howard street, on a
previous occasion, whore he and J. White
defeated Kilgallon and Linehan, the re
turn game did not come off yesterday.
Collins could not get away from his work
to keen the engagement. The other games
were played, as follows:
R. Young defeated E. Dodge. Score: 21—18,
-20. 21—11.
Ben Clements and William Hassell defeated
W. Magulre and V. Burke. Score: 21—17, 17—21
21— IB.
Ben Clements defeated W. Hassell. Score:
21—19. 14—21. 21—12.
L. Waterman and E. Lynch defeated D. J.
Sheehan and W. H. Kedian. Score: 21—12,
15—21, 21—17.
The first of the series of parties between N.
J. Pendergast and W. H. Sleberst vs. J. R.
Koekman and K. McDonough was won by the
former In two straight games. Score: 21—13,
21—15.
1 '.<••!) Clements and J. Condon defeated "W.
Collins and T. Leach. Score: 21— IS, 11—21,
21—13.
R. Hoifsman and J. Kirhy defeated E. Barry
and D. Regan. Score: 21— 11—21, 21—13.
R. Reglt and E. White defeated T. Serres and
A. Whiteman. Score: 21-10. 11—21. 21—15.
M. J. Kilgallon and R. Linehan defeated J,
Rlordan and J. White. Score: 21—16, 13—21.
21—20.
EXPERTS INSTRUCT
CAKLAND GOLFERS
Tournament Open to All Coast Play
ers Arranged by the Clubs at
Adams Point and
Presidio.
The members of the Oakland Golf Club
are devoting their time to receiving the
tuition of '.'Willie" Anderson and Hor
ace Rawlins, the two experts recently
imported from the East. For the pres
ent the regular schedule has been set
aside, consequently the men's open com
petition over eighteen holes, scheduled
for October 28, and the second tourna
ment for the Macdonald cup, which
should have taken place on Saturday, I
wore not played. Several players went
round the course yesterday, and the two ,
Instructors played until dark.
C. R. Winslow, on behalf of the San :
Francisco Golf Club, and P. E. Bowles, ,
representing the Oakland golfers, have
prepared conditions for the open com
petition match play to be given under
the auspices of the two clubs. The com
petition will be open to members of any
organised golf club on the Pacific Coast.
The first tournament will be held on the
Presidio links on .Saturday, December 9,
and the second tournament on the Oak
land links on Saturday, March 10, 1900.
The play will be over eighteen holes,
except me semi-llnal and final rounds.
which will be over thirty-six holes. All !
who wish to nay must qualify on the
links on which the tournament is to be [
hold ai any time during the two weeks
preceding the first day of play. Players
who intend to qualify must report to the :
professional of the links where the play
is to take place, and he will provide ah I
official scorer to keep the record.
The qualifying rounds for each tourna
ment will be at medal play for eighteen
holes. The sixtepn players making the
best scores hi the qualifying rounds will
be eligible to play In the tournament
Play will be governed by the rules of the
United States Golf Association and the
local ground rules of the links on which
the tournament is held. Play may be
postponed on account of weather or for
any other reason, according to the judg
ment of the committee. Play will begin
at 1:30 p. m. on the first rtav of the
tournament and will be continued on
later days designated by ihe committee
the members of which will try to suit
the convenience of contestants ' -Ml
events must be concluded on or before
the Saturday next after the first day of
play. I< our appropriate prizes, cups or
med,a.s, will be provided at each tourna
ment and will be awarded in order to
the four players taking the highest
places.
The friends of Dr. Thos. H. Morris are legion
and will elect him. •
MARKSMEN
AT SCHUETZEN
PARK BUTTS
California and Verein Ein
tract Cracks Make Good
Scores.
Monthly medal shoots of the California
Schuetzen Club and the Verein Etntracnt
Sehuetzen Section were held yesterday at
Bchuetzen Park, near San Rafael. The
usual crowd was in attendance at the
butts and despite the leaden hue of the
Sky, which made the light on the targets
none of the best, some fairly good scores
were made by the members of both or
ganizations. ' T .
In the contest of the California?, John
Utschig, with a score of 218, earned off
highest honors and the most SheKels. A.
Strt-cker was a close second. In the ve
rein Eintracht contest K. Stettin's score
of -103 points headed the list The scores
in detail of both clubs were as follows:
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
contest*: First champion class— John utscntg,
Jl9 A Btreck«r, 214, 213; F. i". Schuster, 187,
JB3. S«oond champion class— D. B. Faktor, too,
W2; F. i: Mason, 220 -IT; F, A. Kuhls, 2H. 186;
J. 1,. Utschlg, 206, 184; William Ehrenpfort, 133.
181, First class C, M. Henderson, '-".-. l»7; O.
BreniPr, 213. 210; F. \V. Belknap, 209, 205; 11.
Second class— .l. Join
172; A. Ji;ngl»lut. 1f... 187; F. Attinger, 1
J Tainmcyer. 197, 19S; R. Stettin, ] ■'.'. 188; J.
E. Gorman 203 l»2; C, .1. WalJen. 217. 191: C.
F. Waltham, 204, 175. Thirl class— C. H. Sage
horn, 198, 187; A. Hampel, 190, 185; F. C.
Hagerup. 151, M& Fourth class— F. A.
Schrumpf, it-, 157; F, Nolden. 148, W0; J- v -
Peck, 153 148 Cadets' class- K. Woenne, 187,
103: J. Kail man, 172, 17! '
Vereln Eintracht SChuetscn club, monthly
me.lal contest: Champion class- B. Btettln, 403.
First class— J. Sjisihr. I 1 class— H.
Schwelger ?.«. Thir.l class— C. F. Over, 847.
Best first shot— C. Buehrstedt, 24. Best last
Muller, 23.
COLUMBIA MARKSMEN
Some Lively Shooting on the Harbor
View Bangs.
The attendance of members at the regu
lar class medal and re-entry match shoot-
Ing of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
at Harbor View range yesterday was larg- ;
er than usual. In addition were many
visitors, some of whom took p;irt In the
sport. The dull has recently added four
new targets to the 50-yard range In order j
to a< commodate the increase in member
ship. Twelve targets are now kept In con- '
stant ns.- on the shun range, besides two '
on the 200-yard range.
From early in the morning' until nearly
dark lead flew Into the targets and sev
eral good scores w» re made. a. H. Pape,
Who has been in the country- for many ]
months past, put in an appearance and
shot a number of scores. He returns to !
Amador County In a few days. From a ]
marksman's standpoint it was a very poor i
day for good work on account of the fre- I
quent changes of light. The scores, ten i
shots on the Columbia target, 20 yards, for
rifll and BO yards for small rifle, pistol and
revolver, were as follows:
nine, class medal, 200 yards, one entry:
Experts— F. O. Young, 69; A. H. Pape, 74.
Sharpshooters— G. M. Barley, "'); M. J.
White, 11*.
Mirksmcn-1 Mannell, "2; Mrs. Gr. Mannel,
111'- Dr. J. F. Twist, 120; Mrs. M. J. White, 191;
G. Hundley, 207.
Gltndemann rifle -medal, re-entry, all comers—
F. O Youn*, 48 64, 55; A. H. I'ape, 56, 57, 71;
J. A. Whiteslde, 117.
nine record score*— F. S. Washburn, 71, BS,
86: Mrs. M. J. White, 130.
Pistol, fifty yards, class medal sonrf one
entry: Expert*— G. M. Barley, 49; C. M. Dalss,
54: M. .1. White. 77.
Sharpshooters — J. P. Cosgrave, 65; Mrs. M. J.
White, 68.
Marksmen— G. Hoadley, 02; P. Becker, 6r>;
Mr?. C. F. Waltham, 70; Dr. J. F. Twist, 71;
Mrs. o. Mnnnol. 8B; F. Hawmann, 90.
I>:ii=* 22 ami 25-callber rifle medal, 50 yards— I
A B. Darrel!, 18, 10. 2<i. 22. 24. 2.".. X; O. Man
ne! ">'* 21 X 26 27; K. Hovey, 25. 30; F. O. |
Young, 22. 2s : Pr. .1. F. Twist.. SI, 32, 32, 35;
Mr? Waltham 3n, 41.
Record scores, fifty yards: Pistol— G. Hoad
lev. 6<): H. Stevens. 83.
HOODLUM TRIES TO
SHOOT A POLICEMAN
OFFICER BLACH HAS A VERY
NARROW ESCAPE.
John Thornton Ran Into a Tehama-
Street House, Where He Was
Captured by the Patrol
man.
A flerht between a number of hoodlums
occurred about 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing at Second and Tohama streets. John
Thornton, who is well known to the po
lice, and two of his half brouthera being
prominent in the fight. During the course
of the row Thornton got angry, and,
pulling a revolver out of his pocket, fired
five shots into the crowd. None of the
bullets took effect. Policeman Beach
f£"^"N and use nature's own remedy
p*l . Electricity ■
// (J I 1 Will forfeit $5000 if the cur-
/SiX J^f rent from mv Electric Belt can-
f/T^Mk-c not be instantly felt by the
%.^£f?'^sw®sW wearer. My ' book is sent
M/ 7. J-\ sealed ?ree to men upon ap-
piication.
jVr I i/Tl \ If you are a sufferer from the
Qyrfr A\y \\ effect of Excesses, Weak" Back,
£ Ar . Jl. I V\ Sexual Weakness, etc., my
'M$ fr x\ DR| SANDEN ELECTRIC belt
\^L J I I* will cure you.
r^|Ji§ir/^4L*' \\ 1 wish the public to know that
"*^*~ Vs** I have not sold out, as was
represented by a certain San Francisco firm who was at one
time agent for my belt. Beware of these imposters, who will
try to sell you a cheap, -worthless imitation. Write to-day for-
my book, or call at my office and consult me free of charge.
Office hours — 9 to 6 Sunday?, 10 to 1.
MT ASA NTIFW 1S Third st - San Francisc( >. 0 a! -
-•-■ 1 • -ni« UilllJLfJJli. 119!* 80. Spring Los Angelej, C«l.
Russell Blag. , Portland, Or.
• . ■ ■ ■
Radwa/s
Pslfs
n " B " *nas
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause '
perfect digestion, complete absorption and i
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach, !
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Blaiider, Female Ir- \
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con- i
Btipatlon. Piles and all derangements of the '
Internal Viscera. 2Lc a box. At Druggists, :
or by malL RADWAT & CO.. New fork. I
Cast
the scene Thornton ran away. Beach
pursued him and Thornton, wheeling
round, fired the last shot in the revolver
at Beach, the bullet whizzing over his
left shoulder. into a house on Tehama
Thornton ran into a house on Tehama
street, where he was found by Beach and
placed under arrest on the charge of as
sault to murder. He had succeeded in
retting rid of the revolver. He la a hard
character and has several times been ar
rested for various offenses. *„,,»-
William Greenway, one of Thornton s
half brothers, who started the fighting
with Edward Henry, a cripple, was also
arrested on a charge of disturbing the
peace. ;
SILVER JUBILEE OF
NORDDEUTSCHER VEREIN
AJT ELABORATE CELEBRATION
AT SARATOGA HALL.
Six Hundred Guests, Including La
dies, Honor the Anniversary by
a Grand Banquet, Concert
and Ball.
The NorddeutPcher Verm fittingly
celebrated its silver jubilee last nlgnt
! at Saratoga Hall with a grand ban
| quet, concert and ball. The hall
! had been decorated for the oc
; casion with a profusion of colored bunt-
I ing. German and American flags and a
i variety of foliage and palms, and present
| ed a ' strikingly beautiful appearance.
' The tables to the number of ten were ar
; ranged in parallel lines in the main hall,
and on the stage, which had been con
, verted Into a cave, with elaborate decor
ations, were smaller tables for the ac
commodation of the directors, committee
of arrangements and charter members.
More than 600 guests, including many
ladies, enjoyed an excellent menu, and
the feast was presided over by John de
Wit, one of the original members who
organized the society twenty-five years
I ago in a grocery store at 915 Bryant
street. During the banquet concert music
was discoursed by an excellent band and
| there was impromptu speech-making, in
which several of the members took part.
On the stage were seated the following:
Ferdinand Rathjens, president; Henry
IT. Meyer, vice-president: C. J. Schroeder,
recording secretary; Otto Schinkel. treas
urer; August P. Meyer and Henning
I Thode of the finance committee, constitut
ing the board of directors; committee of
: arrangements, John de Wit. August F.
Meyer, H. Thode, Otto Schinkel Sr.. Cap
tain L. Siebe, Ernest F. Baruth, George
Alpers, Ferd Rathjens ; Joachim Bassen,
John de Wit; J. D. Moinke, Carl Schmidt,
1 ('. Wiegmai i. J^'ius Wallmann and John
Behrens, the . yen charter members.
During the p. erfes. of the banquet
Toastmaster de Wit made he introduc
tory speech and welcomed th«. ."nests on
behalf of the Verein. He gave a brief his
tory of the early career of the organiza
! tion and then introduced Ferdinand Rath
| jens, president of the Verein, who dcliv-"
ered a brief address. After the banquet
' had been concluded the floor was cleared
for dancing which was kept up until early
: this morning under the supervision of
1 Floor Manager Henry Meyer; assistant
floor manager, Henry Mlesner; floor com
mittee, Otto Schinkel Jr., Ed. Stehn,
Charles Arp. C. J. Schroeder, Fred.
: Thode. Fred. H. Siebe.
Reception Committee— Bassen,
• John Behrens, Carl Moller, Henry Gaet
jen, Herm. Barthold. F. Hofinghoff.
SUCCESS OF RURAL
FREE POSTAL DELIVERY
Report of First Assistant Postmaster
General Tells of Work Done
in This State.
WASHINGTON. Nov. s.— The report of
First Assistant Postmaster General Heath
relative to rural free delivery was made
public to-night. It shows that there are
now fourteen routes In operation in Cali
fornia. Agent Annin writes from San
Fr.'incisco recommending the establish
ment of one throughout the San Joaquin
Valley. He further says that the routes
located In Santa Clara County have more
than Justified expectations, and that by
far the largest number of applications
for the establishment of the service wi!"
come from California. The success of the
s< rvi< c wherever established has created
a growing demand in adjacent sections
that the same facilities be extended them.
Now 12.250 people, covering an area of
1155 miles, are receiving their mail deliv
ery through this service. It is probable
that the coming Congress will be asked
by the Postoffice Department for a large
appropriation for this work.
STATE SENATOR ARRESTED.
Is Charged With Stealing a Valuable
Herd of fc>h< ep.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 5.— A special to
the Times from Great Falls, Mont., says:
Something of a sensation has been caused
by the arrest In Clioteau County of State
Senator Phillips and Deputy Sheriff
Greene, on a charge of sneep stealing. It
is alleged that these men got away with a
band of sheep numbering 1700, belonging
to Taylor Bros, and others. At the pre
liminary examination both men were held
in $2000 bonds.
Transcontinental tourists ar.J trav-
eler* frcm all over the United States
enow their appreciation of t - excel-
lence of the
PALACE and
GRAND
by making these hotels their headquar-
tera while In San Francisco. Fourteen
hundred rooms, 800 with baths— largest
an<l finest In the world.
JOHN C. KTRKPATRICK. Manager.JEWELER HOGG
MAY HAVE MET
WITH FOUL PLAY
Friends Claim He Was
Murdered.
HIS IDENTITY WAS LOStI
TERRIBLE ERROR OF "OME CITY
OFFICIAL.
Remains Were Buried in Potter's
lieid While Relatives Were
Searching for Him High
• and Low.
«.
One of the most remarkable rases that
has ever called for police investigation In
this city has just come to light. William
Hogg; n well-known jeweler, who resided
at 124 Bush street, was pick* up Sun
day night a -week ago on a sidewalk In
one of the most thickly populate.! por
tions of the city, he passed through the
Receiving Hospital to the City and
County Hospital, where he died, as "John
Doe," his Identity having been lost in the
transfer. The body passed through the
hands of the Coroner Into those of an un
dertaker end was buried In Potter's Field,
while the relatives were searching the
city for the missing man.
Only by the merest accident was the
identity of the body discovered. It has
been exhumed and examined, and In ad
dition to the story of its buffetlngs luring
the past week, it Is possible that another
chapter, showing foul play, will be added.
In other words, the relatives are con
vinced that the official eyes under which
Hogg's body passed were not only crim
inally careless concerning his identity, but
they were closed to a bloody crime.
The case is one that, in any event, calls
for a most searching investigation. Why
this man. who was known at the Receiv
ing Hospital, should lose his identity
while being moved to the City and County
Hospital cannot be explained. The Cor
oner held no inquest, performing only tne
perfunctory duties sufficient to earn his
fees, turning the body over to J. Hogan.
the city undertaker. There Is no evidence
that any effort was made by the Coroner
to ascertain the identity of the body.
Now that the relatives of the dead man
have heard i t his fate. Coroner Hill has
decided that an investigation is necessary:
The appalling fact presents itself, from
the evlaencs surrounding this case, that
a man may be murdered in this city,
taken to a public institution, die there
and be burs**! as a pauper anu his slayer
go unpunished unless Ihe victim has
lvlatives who may interest themselves In
the case.
Hogg, who was (3 years old, left his
home .Sunday evening, a wet ago, to
visit his uncle; B. M. West of 1211 Bush
street; with whom he had an engagement
to play whist: On his way he stopped at
the saloon of C. G. Ault at the
corner of Fine and Hyde streets,
where he collected 50 cents due him
f>>r repairing a clock. He spent the
money there and left the place, accord
ing to the story told by those who fre
quent the resort. Some time later he vas
brought back to the place by John Nixon,
who claimed that he had found the man
lying in iront of the home of Police Com
missioner (jiinst, corner of Bush and Hyde
streets, in a semi-conscious condition.
The ambulance was summoned and
Hogg taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Nixon gave his correct name. The
patient was badly bruised about the head
and body. Monday morning he was re
moved to the City and County Hosp'ta!.
where he was registered as John Doe. He
died the same day. An autopsy was per
formed :it the hospital and, as a result,
the physicians certified that death was
due to cerebral apoplexy. On this state
ment the Coroner held no inquest, and
after keeping the body at the Morgue for,
two days, had it buried in the potter's
Held.
The disappearance of Hogg might have
remained a mystery had not the aged
mother, as a last resort, inquired at the
Morgue if there was any information
there of her son. The officials showed her
a picture of "John Doe" :md she readily
identified it as a photograph of Hogg.
This happened Saturday. Yesterday the
remains were exhumed and will be kept
at the Morgue until the inquest is held
next Thursday.
The relatives are strongly suspicious
that the dead man met his injuries' in
the saloon from which he was taken to
the Receiving Hospital. The people who j
frequent the place add som« color to the
suspicion by their reticence to discuss the j
affair. The proprietor kept in the shade J
last evening and could not be inter- j
viewed.
It is also stated that while the assault
occurred about 7 o'clock in the evening
the ambulance was not called until some
hours later. John Nixon, who claims that
lie found Hogg in front of the Gunst resi
dence, was formerly a police officer, but
was discharged from the force and Is now
a barkeeper in the saloon.
Donald Bruce, editor of the Political
Record and stop-brother of the deceased,
insists upon an investigation. He sus
pects foul play as the cause of the man's
death and believes that something hap
pened in the saloon from which Hogg
was taken that was instrumental in
bringlnar about fatal results. At the
M'irguo last night ho made this state
"The appearance of Hogg's body after
I had caused It to be exhumed Is my
strongest ground for suspicion of foul
play. The face and upper portion of the
body had evidently been badly beaten,
causing rapid decomposition and nearly
obliterating the features. Hogg drank
very little, so far as I know, and he was
seldom 111.
"When I went to the saloon at the
corner of Hyde and Pine streets this
evening to inquire Into the facts leading
up to t ii j cause of death, the people with
whom I had conversation seemed very
reticent, and I believe withheld a greater
part of the Information. Their actions
were decidedly suspicious, and I desire
the police to make further Inquiry. I
understand that Nixon, who it la claimed
brought Hogg back to the saloon from
the corner of Bush and Hyde streets,
was very friendly with the man who is
now deceased. I. have also learned that
aftiT Hfj"« was taken to the saloon in
a semi-conscious condition he was al
lowed to r^mai.i there for some hours be
fore an ambulance was called."
Upon thp demand of Bruce and the
other rein lives of H -.- Coroner Hill de
cided to hold an inquest Thursday on the
body. He Informed tho police last night
of me matter and detectives will be de
tailed to clear up the mystery of prob
able murder and temporarily lost
Identity.
The body was finally procured by an
undertaker and exhibited to the relatives.
From its appearance it Is suspected hat
the corpse had been sold to some medical
college, as it looked as though it had
been preserved In some solution.
THE REV. HERBERT PARHISH
ON THE BEAUTY OF SANCTITY
Rev. Herbert Parrlsh, fector of the
h of the Advent, preached ■■ |
morning fr rt. "Ho Maketh
harlot." i :
that I ' o-uty of the i louda
ri \.> the thinking mind .-t majestic
■ : of their Maker, but ns Ruskln
he lack of appreciation of cloud
I world, so the Christian
. ■ to-day m;iy well mourn the gen
the beauty and at
■ : .:, of '(:•: white clouds of sanctity.
DR. NELANDER TALKS OF THE
CHRISTIAN'S DUTY TO VOTE
In the couree of his sermon to his con
gregation of the First English Lutheran
h last evening the Eli v. Dr. K. Xc
lander said:
The word "idiot" is of Greek extraction and
meant with tho Greeks a man who cared noth
r the public Interest It is the patriotic
• every Kood citizen to be Interested in
municipal, a» well as State ami rational poli
ti€»i You liave no right to eayi "I have
nothing to do with this matter." Then you
will Insult the grave? of ynur fathers, who died
for the establishment of tho Government. No
man tan abjure politics and be either a good
citizen or a good Christian.
DR. GARRETT DISCUSSES THE
NECESSITY OF THE CHURCH
The Rev. I>. W. Garrett pave an Inter- •
eating sermon last night to his congm- «
nation >>f Bt. Luke's Episcopal Churcl
He sink.' of "Why We Have a Church."
HLia address was brief!) aa follows: *
Why do we have a church? First, becaua
th« church i? not a device of man. but a +
creation of God. From the call •>! Abraham I
tour thousand year.- npo there bas alwayi
been ;i church. Christ came to give abi iader ♦
ig to the trtoa of a 1
church. Divine in it* origin, but human in
its form and order, the church a lapis us,-.: ♦
r, -i .. varying needs of mankind in different
nation* and different -
'. a church for the ♦
| promotion ■ based on the pri
nment. The *
• - the religious life. ♦
■
Christ, to transform the ■
kingdom ■ I ♦
thr» ■■ make the whole earth like A,
DR. CHERINGTON DENOUNCES
SO-CALLED SOCIAL CLUBS
i The Rev. F. B. Cherington preached on j T
the commandment "Thou .-halt not steal." T
at the Plymouth Congregational Church ♦
! yesterday 'morning. A large congregation <*>
i gave an 'interested attention to the words I i
| of the speaker, who said, in brief: ,
! There are almost Innumerable ways in which I T
i this commandment is ". loiated, either In let-! ♦
! ter or spirit. Outright theft Is alarmingly [ A
! common ranging- from coarsest petty larceny ; ■
! up tl-roiißh al! grades of polished forgery, cul- / ♦
! turcrt f-mhezzlement and betrayal of trust. i X
lust now this city has a new outbreak of I i
i the iaw-dofylng spirit of robbery under the j ♦
cloak of social club organization. If permuted , A
to "*o on it will work more disaster in this > •
city" than hall a dozen bubonic plagues could j T
possibly do All corners that arbitrarily force ! <£>
i up the 'prices of the necessities of life are open . ?
! violations of this commandment. All taking j *
advantage of men's necessities to force down i ■•*
wages to starvation point !s transgression of I
thli command. T
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA"
THE TOPIC OF DR. RADER
A large congregation filled the Third ',
Congregational Church last evening to :
listen to the Rev. William Rader deliver j
the first of a series of sermons on j
"Cardinal Truths and Passions, as Illus- j
trated by Shakespeare." The following is i
a synopsis of his address on "Antony and j
Cleopatra," the nrst subject of the series, i
"The Wages of Bin Is Death":
Literature grows out of life. It is the mlr- |
rcr not the convex nor the concave, but the j
level mirror of human experience. In Shakes-
peare we see the whole lives of men.
The truth of the Bible history and expert- ;
ence, that the end of sin is death, is illustrated ,
In the tragedy of Antony and Cleopatra. ,
which Shakespeare derived from Plutan-n. |
Cleopatra the most fascinating woman of her
times, was loved by Julius Caesar when tint
a golden-haired girl. When siie mrt Antony \
she was ut the height of h?r power. The alll- ;
ance of Antony and Cleopatra resulted In the j
ruin of tho great Roman, nd their history
proves that the wages of sin is death.
■\Vorldltness Is the world's chief sin. It is
man's short cut to happiness and Is forbidden i
because incompatible with the love of God.
DR. MACKENZIE SAYS THAT
CITY AND NATION ARE ONE
"As Is the city, bo Is the nation," was ;
i the text of a strong sermon by Dr. Mac- |
i kenzie of the First Presbyterian Church
last evening. Dr. Mackenzie dwelt on the ]
! necessity of an awakening of good citi- ;
1 zens in municipal atfairs, and referred to !
{ the home, the city and the nation as one .
!In interest. "One of the great principles
j of life set forth In tile Bible." said he, "is
i that if city life. 'God made the country
; and man and the devil made the city,' is
I half a truth and half a lie, for the city is
in God's plan. The destiny of mankind
lies in the city. We will always be con
fronted with the problems of city gov
ern m c nt.
"As the home is, so is the city; as the
city, so the nation: the three are one. |
The danger to our republic lies in the in
terior municipal life of our cities. It does
not lie in bosses or bosslsm. Bosses are i
necessary in thHr way and the pastor of i
this church is a boss to a limited extent, j
but what can he do without the moral
support an backing of responsible peo
pie. We as Christian citizens cannot
shirk this responsiblity."
'■ ♦ ■
MORE MEN FOR THE
ISLAND FIRING LINE
1 he rortloth Infantry arrived from Fort
Riley. Kans., yesterday morning and went
nto camp alongside the Forty-fourth.
rhe regiment was a day and a night late.
rhe last section of the train left Fort
illcy on Monday last, and it was expected
t would arrive at the Oakland mole Frl
lay evening. Instead it did not get .n
intil yesterday morning. The delay was
lue to the siow time made by the sec
ions on their way out here. There were
io accidents of any kind— the trains were
ust too slow to make any kind of time,
The Fortieth is commanded by Colonel
Godwin, formerly an officer of regular
\ivalry. He brings ten companies from
s*ort Riley and met two more here, which
lave been recruited at the Presidio under
Major Case. It was at first the intention
if the Government to recruit a battalion
>f four companies at the Presidio, but the
•ecruiting went on so slowly that the men
taken for the four companies were put
nto two, all but officers enough for the
.wo companies were sent back to Join tha
regiment at Fort Riley and Major i ■.-••
whs left in command here. The whole
command is now together. There has been
no sickness, there has been plenty of tar
get practice, the men are well drilled and
the rt'giment is In as good condition as
any to proceed At once to the Philippines.
Captain Edward Davis, quartermaster.
Third Artillery, has been made quarter
■naster and commissary of the camp of de
tention on Angel Island, relieving Cap
tain Stephen M. Foote, Sixth Artillery,
who ha& been ordered to the chief quar
termaster and the chief commissary of
the department.
On surgeon's certificate of disability
leave of absence for one month has been
granted to Captain George E. Sage, Sixth
Artillery.
Acting Assistant Surgeon W. A. Mc-
Yean has been assigned to the transport
Hancock as transport surgeon.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Frank L. R.
Tetamore, who was left at Honolulu on
the return of the stockship Leelanaw,
has been ordered to proceed to the Phil
ippines i>y the first available transport
which touches at the Islands.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Albert H.
Macbeth has been assigned to temporary
duty at the general hospital, pending as
signment to Manila. . Captain Robert S.
Woodson, assistant surgeon, has received
a. similar assignment.
First Lieutenant George TV. Moses,
Fourth Cavalry, has been assigned to
temporary duty with the recruits at the
Presidio, pending his assignment to Ma
nila.
PROMINENT BUTCHER DEAD
Am and Decourtieux Passes Away at
His Home, 817 Union Street.
Amand Decourtieux Sr.. a prominent
butcher, died at his residence, 817 Union
street, last Saturday. Tho deceased was
a native of France and sixty-three years
of nge. His death is regretted by a wide
circle of friends. Tlr> firm of Decour
tieux & Son has occupied its place of
business at 15 Pacific Market for many
years. The funeral will be held to-mor
row at half-past 1 o'clock, and the in
terment will be at the Masonic Cemetery.
Deceased loaves a widow and two sons.
His record as a business mar. Is of lons
tanking. Dr. Th"*. 11. Morris for Supervisor. •
TOOK A DOSE OF MORPHINE.
J. Anderson, a Stranger, Dying at the
Receiving Hospital.
A stranger about 33 years of age, who
registered under the. name. of J. Ander
son, was taken from the Soto House, 32
Fourth street, yesterday afternoon suffer
ing from an overdose of morphine, evi
dently taken with- suicidal Intent. An
derson applied at the lodging-house for
quarters Saturday night, and the clerk
showed him to a room on the second floor.
Late yesterday afternoon the chamber
maid discovered him lying on the floor
In an unconscious condition and at once
I summoned the ambulance. Anderson was
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
NEVADA VOLUNTEERS
FROM THE PHILIPPINES
T7IK transport Ohio, having on board the First Ne
vada Cavalry, threi officers and forty-nine men
,". discharged soldiers, all under the command
iptviiti F. M. Linscott, arrived in porl from
Manila yesterday before daylight and dropped
anchor ins: le thi- gate. About 8 a. m. tho trans
moved up opposite Folsom-street wharf and an
■ . rovernor Sadler of Nevada, accom
panied by a party of friends, visited the vessel and
welcomed the sagebrush Boldier boys back to their na
tive land. The Governor was given a warm reception,
the men crowding around eager to shake him by the
hand and giving him three hearty cheers when he de
•. li th< afternoon the tug Governor Markham
a party of Nevadans, relatives of the cavalry
transpcrt
Th< Manila on September 2S>, and aside from
a little heavy weather coming up the China Sea, the
. was uneventful. A stop of twenty-four hours
was n >ng, and about the same length of
time was spent al Guam. Captain Leary, Governor of
Guam, dined ■ n board the transport and reported every
quiet on the Island. He still retained his head
quarters on board the yosemite, but was making prep
to take up his residence on shore when the
Ohio left Three other transports were passed between
Guam and Honolulu, but the Valencia was the only one
approached near enough to he identified. At Hono
lulu a stop of two days was made.
The Nevada cavalry left San Francisco on November
6, 1898, under the command of Captain F. M. Linscott,
First Lieutenant F. E. Glgnoux and Second Lieutenant
F. M. Wright. From June 9 to August 22 they w.-re on
removed at once to the Receiving Hos
pital where rugged treatment was ap
plied, but In vain. He did not recover
od the Burgeons In chaige
have little hope for his recovery.
TIFFANY IS CLASSED
AS A SURE WINNER
William Z. Tiffany, Republican nominee
for Recorder, Is on the list of sure win
ners, His majority promises to be large.
He is making an effective campaign. Au
diences are pleased to hear him talk, as
he holds the confidence and respect of the
people, by reason of his high character
and courteous manner.
Mr. Tiffany is popular and progressive.
He was educated at Sacred Heart College
and is securing stanch supporters from
his classmates. He is also a member of
the Masonic fraternity and belongs to the
order of the Woodmen of the World. He
is a director of the Society of California
Pioneers, and a member of the Red Cross
Society, the Youths' Directory and the
Eagles. Mr. Tiffany is a Native Son, be
longing to Stanford Parlor.
When Mr. Tiffany takes charge of the
Recorder's office, deputies and copyists
will not be asked to contribute any portion
of their salaries to the bosses and political
machines. He assures the voters that the
salaries earned by the employes will be
used to su r >riort the families of uiose em
ployed.
O'Donnell Next. Coroner.
A reporter anxious to ascertain the px
tent of the O'Donnell boom for Coroner,
had a straw vote taken in twenty point?
of the City Saturday, and Dr. O'Donnell
received ?:n votes out of a total of 1110
tor 'ho three candidates. The test
waa conducted honestly and the result
shows thai Dr. O'Donnell will surely win.
Tin- secret of his great utrenpth seems
In the acknowledgment by the pub
lic of his former (,-raml administration of
the Coroner's office, and from the fact
that he was the founder of the public
Morgue. *
CALVARIAN SOCIETY MEETS.
Father Charles A. Ramm Preaches at
the Annual November Open Ses
sion at St. Mary's Cathdral.
The- annual November open meetlnp of
the Calvarian Society was held yester
day at St. Mary's Cathedral. The cathe
dral waa filled by the members, who par
ticipated in the beautiful and impress've
services of tho "Way of the Cross." Dur
ing the stations the Choir sang the "Sta
bal Mater." At the conclusion of this
service they sang "Jesu Dei Vivo." by
Verdi, and after the sermon, the "Aye
Maria." of Lorets.
Rev. Father Charles A. Ramm preached
the sermon. Ho Bpoke on the communion
Of saints and gave practical applications,
both personal and with reference to the
society. H<- dwelt on the fundamental
fact that prayer Is the essence of all re
ligion; that It. forms a bond of union, for.
In the Hible. Christians are directed to
pray for one another. His address term
inated with an admonition to the mem
bers of the society on the duty of prayer.
During the benediction, the choir sang
"O Salutaris," by Rospini, and the "Tan
tum Ergo." The music was by the reg
the firing line around lmus and Bacoor, but for
the most part they were doing garrison duty in Cavite
and Manila. On January 3" Elmer Honymun, a farrier,
and Private William Bruce secured a pass to enter the
Filipino lines and wt-rt- made prisoners. Their names
were afterward found scratched on the walls of the
prison at San Isidro. Those two and Private Andrew
Michaelson, who died of typhoid fever, were the only men
lost by the Nevada troops during the campaign. Lieu
tenant Glgnoux was transferred to the Eleventh Cavalry
Just before the troop sailed for home, and Second Lieu
tenant Wright succeeded him. while Sergeant G. H.
Freeman was made second lieutenant. Thirty-nine mem
bers of the trooj- secured their discharges at Manila
and remained in the islands.
Surgeon Thomas 6. Low, I. S. A., attached to the
Ohio, reports very little sickness and none of a serious
nature on the voyage. The vessel was not crowded and
there was no complaint on that score, but there was the
usual kick about the quality of the food served to the
men, especially among the discharged soldiers, who de
clared that they were only allowed half rations.
The Ohio brought back two naval prisoners and two
stowaways, the latter getting aboard al Hongkong. The
transport will be docked at G o'clock thia morning and
the Nevada soldiers will march out to the Presidio,
where they will remain until mustered out. The majority
of the discharged soMlors were allowed to come ashore
yesterday. Captain Boggß of the Ohio was rather sur
prised to loam that the Indiana, with the Tennessee
Regiment on board, had not .arrived, for, although the
Indiana had not sailed when the ' ihio cleared, she was
expected to sail at once and the general expectation was
that she would be In fean Francisco before tho Ohio.
ular choir of the church, under the dl
rection of Mr. K. T. Harrison, the organ
ist. .
■ » ■
ROTHERS BODY FOUND.
Jumped Into the Sacramento River
While Despondent.
SACRAMENiO, Nov. 3.— The body of
Max Rother, clerk in a liquor store, who
disappeared on the night of October 26,
was recovered from the river to-day.
Foungi Rother had been ill and In de
pressed spirits, and when It became
known the day after he disappeared that
a man had hern seen to jump into the
river on the preceding night it was taken
for granted that it was Rother. To-day
his body has been fully identified. He
leaves v widow in San Francisco.
Str«et Car Held Up.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. s.— Last nlpht
'- about midnight a lone highwayman held
up a Willamette Hetprhts electric car near
| the western end of the line. The conduc
W. H. BAGLEY DIES
AFTER AN OPERATION
IK the death of William H. Bagley
at the Lane Hospital yesterday
the Bohemian Club loses one of its
most popular and genial members,
and the business world a brilliant and
successful man, whose career has been
prematurely cut short.
Mr. Bagley had been In delicate
health for some, time and about ten
days ago was removed to the Lane
Hospital at Webster and Clay streets,
where ill?' complaint developed into
appendicitis. His condition became fo
critical that it was decided to operate
and on Friday afternoon this was done.
Owing 10 his weak state at the time
the patient failed to rally under the
operation and gradually sank until at
1:30 ]>. m. yesterday, he breathed h's
last.
William H. Bagley was a native of
Oregon, where he resided up to s'.x
years ago, when he came to San Fran-
Cisco c.nd engaged in the insurance
business. At the time of his last 111
--ness ho was general agent of the
, North British Mercantile Insurance
Company, and was regarded d>- his
confreres as one of the most progres
sive men in the Insurance business.
An incident full of pathos connected
with his death was his recent engage
ment to Miss Grace Currier, one of
Denver's most prominent society wo
men. Mr. Bagley and Miss Currier
were to have been married very soon.
A message has been sent to his rela
tives to find out their wishes in regard
to the funeral.
tor and motorman were the only persons
on the car. The highwayman covered
them with a ritlo ana compelled them to
hand ov.-t their money, amounting to $12
and their witches, He then started to
ward the woods.
FRANCIS P. DEWEES DEAD.
Prominent Author and Politician of
Washington Passes Away.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5.-Francis P.
Dewees died here to-day. He was As
sistant Attorney General from 1885 to
1893.
Mr. Dewees was widely known as an
author and a politician. He was for a
time an active member of the Greenback
party, but In 1880 a controversy arose be
tween him and General Weaver, the
party's candidate for President, with the
result that he went on the stump and ad
vocated the election of General Hancock.
From that time Mr. Dewees allied him
self with the Democratic party.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole for Coroner. Dem. •
INDIANS FIGHT
TO THE DEATH
Frank Schneea Kills
Frank Fiores.
PLEASANTOX, Cal.. Nov. s.— ln a
drunken brawl in Indian Town, a small
hamlet in the foothills between Pleas
anton and Sunol, last night Frank
Schneea stabbed Frank Fiores, inflicting
a wound which resulted in the latter's
death early this morning. Fiores was a
half-breed, as is his slayer, and they had
always been friends.
Yesterday afternoon Schneea went to
Fiores' cabin and, in company with the
latter and several Indians, began drink
ing wine, which made them so drunk
j that they became quarrelsome. Fiores
j got into a difficulty with his wife tnd tried
to stab her. Schneea interfered and told
i him to put his knife away, in response
I Fiores told Schnena it was none of his
! business, and after a brief altercation,
| made a dash at him, knife in hand, and
] chased him out of doors. Seeing that he
! must defend himself. Sr.hneea drew his
j knife and stabbed Fiores under the left
I shoulder, inflicting a fatal wound.
News of the killing reached here after
I daylight and Deputy Coroner Toney
i Sweer brought the remains to this place.
j An autopsy held this afternoon disclosed
the fact that the brachial artery had been
severed. If a doctor had been summoned
promptly Fiores' life might have been
saved, but while he lay on the floor of the
cabin bleeding to death the orgio con
tinued and he expired. Schneea was ar
rested later in the day by Constable
I..ocke. He admits the stabbing-, but claims
j he acted In self defense. The other wit
nesses of the affair tell the same story.
An inquest will be held tomorrow after
noon.
BALLOT-BOX TO BE
CAREFULLY GUARDED
The Republican officers of election met
yesterday afternoon at B'nai B'rith Hall
to receive Instructions as to their duties.
A. B. Truman, chairman of the Republi
can Campaign Committee, called the gath
ering to order. He announced that it was
the desire of the Republicans that every
voter should be given an opportunity of
expressing his preferences at the polls and
that there should be an honest count of
the ballots. W. H. Rickard, deputy Reg
istrar, was introduced to explain the law
governing the election boards. His dis
sertation on the subject was concise, but i
extremely clear. He went into every de- j
tail of the law governing the election offi
cers, and after he had completed his dis- j
course spent much time answering ques
tions that had suggested themselves to
those who will assist in handling the bal- j
lots to-morrow.
Special stress was placed on the asser
tion that no receptacles for money or
i other donations would be permitted at
any of the booths.
"No leg-puliing will be permitted under j
any guise," said Mr. Rickard, "and we I
look to the Republicans to see that this !
provision of the law is carried out to the I
letter."
Of the important matters that were lm- |
pressed upon the election officers, and one ;
which the voters should bear in mind, is j
the fact that any writing on the official '
ballots, unless it is placed in the last col
■ umn. which is provided for that purpose, j
will invalidate the whole ballot and it will
;int be counted by the election board. If I
: a mistake is made in voting for the wrong ;
number of Supervisors, Police Jud
i other officers where there is more than j
one to be elected, the ballot will not be
| couriteu only in so far as it concerns the
I offices in which no mistakes are made.
All of the election bootns will be sup
plied with complete Instructions and dep
uty registrars will visit them from time
I to time on election day to straighten out
! any tangles in which the election officers
may become involved.
The Registrar has simplified things as
much as possible and the board that de
sires to do right will have but little diffi
| oulty in following the spirit of the cl p ctlon
law.
At the conclusion of the meeting Al. Bo
vler, chairman of the Republican commit
tee, made a brief address, lit- said that
■ much of the hoped-for success of the Re
publican party was in the hands of the
election boards and that with conscien
tious work on the part of the officers Da
vit* would be the next Mayor of San Fran
cisco. This announcement was received
with cheers. All through the meeting
those in attendance gave evidence of their
confidence and sincerity.
It was a gathering of Republicans, to be
sure, but it was not like the Democratic
■ meeting held for the same purpose* at Met
! ropolitan Temple. There were no cheers
• there, no enthusiasm, no confidence, and
only faint hope. The Democratic officers
took their instructions and went home No
1 news of the political situation was given
out. and this was taken as an Indication
, that the leaders had nothing good to tell.
REGISTRAR IS ON TO
RUBBER STAMP SCHEME
The man who tries any crooked work at
the polls to-morrow will find himself in a
serious scrape. A Republican Registrar
has determined that the voters shall be"
given every opportunity to express their
preferences and that every possible safe
guard shall be placed around the ballot
box. The red rubber stamp scheme of the
friends of Phelan will not be tolerated.
Any man who attempts to carry It into
execution will be arrested and prosecuted.
Deputy Registrar Rickard sounded the
warning yesterday afternoon at the meet
ing of Republican election officers held at
B'nai B'rith Hall. He intimated that the
Registrar's office was fully cognizant of
the scheme exposed a few days ago in the
columns of The Call, and he cautioned the
officers present to be on the alert for any
one who attempted to circumvent the
election law with a rubber stamp other
than that provided in the booths.
"All you will have to do," said Mr. Rick
ard, "is to turn the offender over to an
officer. We will do tne rest."
In this connection the following official
notice issued by the Registrar is impor
tant:
All ballots must be marked with the stamp
(X) provided by the Registrar of Voters, or
the ballot will not be counted.
Any stamp (X) used, except the single rub
ber stamp With a cross (X) on e.aeh end fur
nished by the Registrar will make the ballot
illegal.
Persons using any other stamp (X) will be
arrested and prosecuted according to law.
J. STEPPACHER, Registrar of Voters.
LET THE MERCHANTS
TALK IT ALL OVER
Republican merchants who have not ful
ly made up their minds to vote for Horace
Davis should to-day carefully and fairly
review the political situation and take
into account the advantages which the
Democratic party would derive by the
election "f Phelan. The issue now at band
is between political parties. Mayor Phe
lan in addressing the people at Metropoli
tan Temple on the evening of August 4
uttered these words:
"We all have to be party men now. We
have to carry out reforms within the par
ty. We fill have to be party politicians;
we can't be independents go before
the people and say we will do tnus and so
We have to get behind the party, and
make it the instrument and the agency of
our work."
The Call stands rea».y to prove by the
sworn testimony of an expert stenograph
er that Mr. Phe*an did utter these worda
He was addresstn- a Democratic audience
a few days before tin- primary ••lection
and did not suspect that The Call had a
stenographer posted to take down his ex
act language.
The San Francisco merchant should
therefore, ask himself to-day. "What
party shall I get behind?*' The issue is
above neighborly courtesy and personal
friendship. It involves principle and
touches the commercial position of San
Francisco. A man may entertain personal
liking for Phelan and yet condemn the
principles which he advocates. No doubt
at this particular time Phelan is eiving
the glad hand to weak Republicans but
whether elected or defeated he will enter
tain only reelings of contempt for Repub
licans who desert their party in this cam
paign.
CARRIERS WALK
TO THE GRAVE
WITH THE BODY
Funeral of Charles O-
Alexander.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 5.
The funeral of Assistant Postmaster
Charles O. Alexander, who was drown
ed in the estuary last Thursday, took
place at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon from
his late residence, 1440 East Sixteenth
strp^t, where a very large throng of
friends gathered to pay their last re
spects to the departed, who had always
been held in the hi eein in the
community. Notably among these friends
were ex-Mayor W. R. Davis, Congress
man Victor H. Metcalf, County Clerk
Frank C. Jordan, Postmaster W. H.
Friend, Will Nat Friend, Senator F. S.
Stratton, United States Senator George
C Perkins, Harry F. Gordon. William
B. Hamilton. Chief of Police Hodgkins.
ex-Chief Fletcher, Kudolph Spreckels.
John A. Brltton, A. T. Eastland, John
W. Tompklns, Attorney Fred Krause.
E. M. Hah Jr.
The letter-carriers and employes of
the postorfice. who have been Intimately
associated with Mr. Alexander, and
whu felt keenly hi= sad and untimely
death, attended" in a body. As a mark
of respect tor him and confidence in his
Integrity, they had draped his desk and
chair at the postofnee appropriately,
and the main entrance to the postofnee
was also draped with the instgn-ia of
mourning.
The services wtre conducted by Rev.
C. L. Meil, an Episcopal minister from
Sacramento, and consisted of the usual
Episcopalian bi rvice The floral tributes
were both numerous and beautiful, but
there was no music The interment was
in Mountain View Ometery. ant] follow
ing were the pallbearers: Senator Fred
S. Stratton. Rudolph Spreckels. Senator
George C. Perkins, John \Y. Tnmpkins,
W. B. Hamilton and K. M. Hall Jr
MLLE. FIFI APPEARS
IN FLYING SKIRTS
The male element was predominant at
the opening nf the Alhamhra Theater last
evening, when "Mademoiselle Fiti" made
her debut in S;m Francisco. For those
who are able to read between the lines,
this preliminary remark will be sufficient
to guess at the character of the play. In
fad it is not exactly complimentary to
our male theater-troers when it is obvious
that a "Mademoiselle Fifi" and a "Turtle"
are able to attract them, while more re
fined performances are unable to gain
their patronage.
The stage is intended to illustrate the
various situations in our social system as
true to life as possible in a manner ele
vating in purpose. Therefore the good in
life should be made attractive, while the
bad should be presented as repulsiv-.
"Mademoiselle Fifi," therefore, cannot
claim the title of a work of art, for it
does not only intend to make the
licentious mode of living permissible,
but it actually makes it a means by which
to obtain a supposedly honest end. In
other words, according to this latest off
spring of French dramatic art. a man in
order to get a sort of sham divorce from
his wife for the purpose of obtaining cer
tain sums uf money, is allowed to accept
and return the attentions of a woman of
the demi-monde, and afterward live again
happily with his wife, whom he remar
ries, notwithstanding that the latter is
aware of his flirtation.
This play reminds me very much of a
sugared pill. Mile. Firi is the pill— a very
bitter one— around which a sugar coating
of an exceedingly clever plot is laid. In
the first act you begin to sip the sugar,
for here is really dash and vim. The sec
ond act becomes bitter and the entrance
of Mile Fifi. fallowed by a vulgar love
scene, is the bitterest part of it all. In
fact, this music hall singer, who appears
in a semi-nude state — decollete, I mean —
is only introduced for the purpose of cre
ating a situation, which is best termed
"double meaning," and by means of which
those whose minds are susceptible to this
class of work ure attracted. As stated be
fore, the plot is excellent. Certain con
fusing situations arise from a plan to
gain a wife's money which cannot be se
cured unless the wife becomes single. An
excuse for a divorce is invented to de
ceive an objecting mother-in-law .and this
divorce is the axis around which the en
tire plot revolves. It is cleverly thought
out and the gradual development of the
play artistic. If there was only another
character for Fifi and not quite as sug
gestive a love scene the play might be
pronounced a clever comedy, somewhat
"Frenchy," perhaps, but clever, neverthe
less.
Nance O'Nefl reappeared last evening at
the California Theater In her farewell en
' gngement. She played Nancy Sykes in
; "Oliver Twist." The fierce temperament
I of this character makes it particularly
I adapted to Miss O' Nell' 8 dramatic talent,
and in consequence her audiences are de-
I lighted. It is a pleasure to find in this
drama tic desert an oasis where one can
refresh oneself at the spring of genius,
and the theater-going public of San Fran
, cisco should he grateful to Miss O'Neil for
i giving it some legitimate plays legitlmate
\ ly acted. This evening will be an event of
much importance at the California, as
Professor landau's new dramatic venture,
"The Shadow," will receive its maiden
production.
"The Sad Sea Waves" began their last
breakers yesterday. The specialties are
very much enjoyed, especially so the mv
i sical selections, which are much to the
credit of Gustave Laden, the musical di
rector. Next week the successful farce
. comedy, "Why Smith L<eft Home." will
| appear at the Columbia and will no doubt
attract all those who enjoy a real hearty
I laugh. ALFRED METZGER.
TROUBLE OVER CHARTERS.
Falls of Clyde Controversy to Go
Before the Supreme Court.
HONOLULU, Oct. 27.— Marshall Brown's
petition for a writ of mandamus against
the Collector General of Customs to com
pel the registration of the Falls of Clyde
will go before the Supreme Court despite
the proclamation of President McKinley
forbidding the further registration of ves
sels under the Hawaiian flag.
The recent decision of the Circuit Court
gave to petitioner the rights prayed for.
At that moment the President's proclama
tion came in. The Collector General is
now between the judgment of the court
and the President's proclamation.
The appeal is taken by Attorney General
Cooper to settle the predicament. It Is
necessary for the proclamation to go on
record in the case. It will then be for tua
court to decide whether it will consider
the merits of the contention or rule that
the proclamation settles the question for
aye.
Other cases of much the same char
acter-are pending. If the court accepts
the proclamation as indicated all of these
will undoubtedly be dropped from the rec
ords at once.
An interest in the ship Antiope has been
sold and the vessel will leave port for
the sound in a few days, the only matter
remaining to be settled being the claim
of Grace & Co. for "consequental dam
ages" on account of Captain Murray's re
fusal of a charter. Captain Murray has
been waiting here for many weeks, un
able to leave port on account of financial
entanglements and a threat of Grace &
Co. to libel the vessel for $3400. .;•-_ •-■ ■
The sale was consummated in San Fran
cisco and Captain Murray received news
of the close of the deal by the Australia.
The purchasers are San Francisco and
Honolulu people.
FOUR MINERS KILLED.
Fatal Accident Caused by a Sudden
Rush of Dirt.
MAHANOT PJ.ATN, Pa., Nov. s.— Four
men were killed, two seriously Injured
and one had a narrow escape from death
by a rush of dirt in the mine operated by
Lawrence & Brown near here to-day.
A gang of men immediately set to work
and extricated two miners, but the other
four unfortunates could not be reached.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th* San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Monte-ornery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
K9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
15 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
7941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
.261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
3096 Valencia tireet; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clocV.
MEETING NOTICES-.
GOLDEN Gate Commanflery No. 18, x.
K. T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sutter «J3_*
Stated assembly THIS EVENING, SM(
at 8 -'.clock. The order of the Red rapt
Cross will be conferred. All fraters are V
courteously invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder ;
SAN Francisco Chapter No 1. Royal -A-
Arch Masons, m.-ets THIS EVENING. I\J\
Business and M. M. degree. '^ }
OCCIDENTAL Incise No. C 2. F. and A. ft
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _#\_
7:30 o'clock. t-tateJ meeting. By order X2T
of the W. M. ' '
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and a. a
M. -Stated meeting THIS DAY (Mon- _st_
day). November ti, 1899, at 7:20 o'clock /W\
p. m. By cnler of the W. M. / v i
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— J_
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- /\_^
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. / ___
OFFICERS and members of Franco- -^£iPJi_s>
American Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. fgs3^
F.. are cordially Invited to attend -pjjSSSo
the funeral of our late brother, *vfl»\v
ARMAND DECOURTIEUX, TUESDAY, No-
vember 7, at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Hall, cor-
ner of Post and Montgomery sts. By order of
the N. G. SAMUEL ■■RUN.
PIONEERS— regular _-vfJJ^3S^iJT_ e _
monthly meeting of the
Pioneers will i-.- held l *^S'fei4s^^^ra
r.t Pioneer Hall on i£s''fe_" t Ft^£\.
Nov. 6, ISIS9, at 7:SO
o'clock. A full attendance l.» requested. J.
M. Hutchlnge, Esq., will address the mem-
bers. J. I. 61 BAR, Secy.
PACIFIC Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home \
Society— The members of this society are j
hereby notified that the annual election of I
five trustee! takes place MONDAY, Novem-
ber C. IS?'.I, at the office of Davis,
Belau & Co., 115 Bush st. : pulls open from 11
a, m. to 3 p. m. By order.
LEO s?r:n. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of j
the stockholders of tho Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, will be heM at the office of the com- '
pany, No. 327 Market st. Shu Francisco, Cal., i
on MONDAY, the - th day of November, !
13??, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the '
purpose of electing a beard of directors to.
serve for tho ensuing ar, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may corns
before the meeting. Transfer books will close !
on Tuesday, November 14 ISS'J. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of thi Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the '
company. No. 327 Market Ft., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 20th day of 1 ivem- !
> _r, 1893. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the \
pur] of electing a b^ard of directors to j
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac- :
tion of such other business as may come I
before tiie meeting. Transfer books will close :
on Tuesday, November 14. ISS9. at 3 o'clock i
P. m. E. H. SHE— DON, Secretary, j
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold- i
ers of the California Wine Makers' Corpora- |
tion will be held in the Assembly Hall or' the
Mills buiUir.sr. Pan Franol?c,\ at 11 a. m..
WEDNESDAY. November 15, IS?9. California j
Wine Makers' Corporation.
By W. J. HOTCHKIPS, Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting — A Fpeoial (ting of the ■
stockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the office
of- the company, ."27 Market ft.. !n the City
and County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, or. SATURDAY, the JSth day of No-
vember, 1?9?. at 11 o'clock a, m., for the pur-
pose of consitierinsr a, proposition to disin-
corporate the company.
E. 11. SHK—PON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fres; R. W. KINO, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates. mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, willß, etc., drawn; moderate
fete ; call or write.
ADVICE freei divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SJO Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, SSS Market St., opp. Mason; i
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. B. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 827
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON', 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AN'] IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. United States Hotel; room* $1 50
wf»k up. with board IS 60; suit for two with
beard, $12; board. $4 v.etk; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs a';'. nlpht.
A NEW faini!? hotel. 807 California st, occu-
py]' corner opposite Grace Church.
••BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
ben boar.'.: for 2. $45 up: single. $20.
O'FARRELL. 742— Lame sunny front rooms;
good home cooking: also single rooms, $20 up.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED- A child to care tor by a respon-
sible party; charges reasonable. Room 21, 777
Market st.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOK 3 -bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 7H4 MisM^n sf. . near Third.
BOOTS AM) SHOJES.
CHILDREN' shoes, 50c; boys' coin lace shoes,
Ssc: ladies' shoes, $1 up; men'i dress shoos,
$1 25; tend for pries lift. People's Shoe Store,
1303 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
BUSINESS C_ .ANCEt*. "
jJ^S3So7^SALOON close to Wells-Fargo bldg.:
doing a good paying business; low rent; value
for your money. Call li. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. I
_V— s9so; MILLINERY store across the bay; fine
Stock and good trade, with lease; rent $10; 2
living rooms; sickness cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE, i)O6 Market Ft. .
A— SIOOO— SALOON in wholesale district; establ.
years and doing a goo.l paying businesc; no
night or Sumlay work; rent 150. all R. G.
WILKE. 9uti Market st.
$176— BRANCH bakery with furniture of 2
rooms; Polls Bt. Call WILKE, 906 Market st.
JEOO — BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolholiso; furniture of
living rooms included; plcknt-ss of owner cause
of sale; bargain. It. G. WILKE. 906 Market
Is.— SSOO-SALOON, with clubrooms. 1 block from
corner Market and Powell Eta.; rent $40;
splendid jia;.-lr.g business; a bargain. R. G.
WILKE gW Market st.
X— S26O;' BRANCH bakwy and stationery store;
on Unio>i Bt.; living room; cheap cent; good
business Call K. _-. WILKE. 906 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years: daily receipts
about ISO; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a 11ifetirT>»: investigate _:
once. R. G. WlL__3, 806 Market st.
11100— SALOON; est&b. SO yrs.; Grant aye., nr.
Sutter; splendidly paying; large place to open
dancehall. Call R. '".. WILKE, 906 Market
$750— PARTNER in entirely novel prise;
already achieved grand success in city; will :
prove simply a mint as regards future: whole •
investment so toward enlargement of scope of
concern; ref. best people of State; .Meant
must have pen. bus. ability. M. Lens, 766 Mkt.
$175— SALOON, one block from Market ~stT-
-12 rooms; rent low; good fixtures; paying
place; worth $300. M. LESS, 766 Market st.
$350— PARTNER wanted in commission busl-
ness establ. many yeara; good business; must
be sober & steady man. M. Less, 7C5 Market.
A GOOD paying restaurant in best location-
must sell; bargain. ALFA CO.. 935 Market st.
INTEREST In good paloon wanted or partner
to start saloon. ALFA CO., 535 Market st. I
PAYING fruit, nut and grape ranch to ex-
change for business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
PARTNER; light, genteel business; easily
learned; small capital. ALFA CO., 935 Market
$\LO— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st
: IESTAURANT; good paying business.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 777% Market st.
BUSINESS opportunity wanted; either whole or
half share; mfg. or sh4e business preferred; :
will Invest between $200 and $SCO. Leave par- ]
ticulars with SCHOTTLER 4 CO., 632 Market
1400— FINE corner saloon, 1 block from Market
st.; selling account of old age; good stock;
good place. JONES _ CO., 885 Market st.
BARBERS— paying 2-chalr shop for Bale.
BU|~ Howard tU. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
TO let— Hotel 60 rooms; saloon, billiard and
dining-room; near boat landing and depot;
town of 2500; $1000 will start you. KREDO _
CO., 22 _ Geary st
A— SI7SO— DRAYING, exp. and transfer bus. ; no
competition; best town on coast; clears j.uu
monthly. KREDO & CO.. Geary st.
$450 CASH will start you in business secured by
mortgage: wages and profits. $150 monthly.
KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary ■•■■
WANTED— A man with $3000: gilt-edce Be-
curity. COWING & CO., 995 Market st
BAKERY, notions, candy: bargain this day;
$200. C6WXNG A CO., __ Market st.
STORE and 2 rooms; good chance for shoe-
maker; old established Btand. Apply 3*63
Twenty-fourth st .
SMALL restaurant and bakery; established 16
years; for sale on account of sickness. 1147
Howard st.
GOOD paying restaurant for pale; receipts $20
to $30 per day; sickness cause for selling.
Box 23C2. Call office^
RELIABLE business man with $5000 to Invest
can secure. $100,000 worth of stock In a new
manufacturing and contracting company and
a secretaryship worth (6000 a year; business
deals with corporations only and has practi-
cally no competition; fullest Investigation;
principals only. Box 2559. Call office.
A GENIUS asks if any rich person would risk
$30.) in promoting a patent that would be
worth hundreds of millions; state where an
Interview can be had. Answer to box 957,
Call office.
PARTY with small capital to Join advertiser
In the manufacture of a new scientific nickel-
ir.-siot machine; half; Investigate. Box 956,
Call office. __
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON-
NIER, 1158 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
ill-health; doing good business. 155 Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar; corner; well stocked and
well situated; good chance. 2340 Folsom st
OLD established coal yard; fair stock of coal,
wood and hay on hand. 1344 Valencia st.
$600 — STATIONERY and bookstore on Sixth
•t.: well established, with good outside trade:
8 living rooms; rent $18: cause of selling,
sickness In family. Box 550. Call.
FOR sale—Half Interest In a dairy business;
horses wagons, fine mutes, good store trade;
a fine chance of a lifetime; sickness the only
reason for selling. Apply 147 Fifth st.
A CHANCE of a lifetime: a partner with $500
in a restaurant Box 928. Call office.
FRUIT and vegetable route for pale cheap;
v-. ■■: -d opportunity. C 25-27 Guerrero st.
BARBER shop: reasonable: first-class trade;
proper location; party going East. 7% Geary.
FOURTH. 303— A 20-room house well furnished;
good paying house; good location.
FOR sale Grocery and bar. 1552 Folsom st.
cor. Twelfth! price $300.
FINE grocery and bar for sale. 1601 Devlsa-
dero st.
__— — — »
GRAND opening for party with small capital to i
manage business with large profits and quick (
returns; please Investigate. Box 958, Call.
WANTED— Partner with $20,000 for well-estab- i
lished wholesale liquor business. Box 949. {
Call office. |
TO let— Butter and egg stall In Grand Western
Market, 1312 Polk st. Inquire at stalls 1-2.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position at
second work or housework; small family; no
children. Apply 127 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house- 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders;
north of Market Box 247, Call office.
CASH grocery business In Stockton; stock at
market rates; about $2500 capital required. Ad-
dress box Vji, Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
v,- CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
FOR sale cheap, on account of other business —
Good paying laundry route. Box 721. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st". Opgn till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison st
FOR sale— bakery wagons, one buggy; cheap.
649 Park aye., East Oakland.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc, cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work i
send to SPAULDING"'S Pioneer Carpet- !
beating Works, 853-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. ' 'SEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid fat Jo.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Et; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st ; cleaning. He per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12C.
~ CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, I
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear St. |
CL A I V O NTS A>D _ M ll<ll L ALIS.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well»known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restors lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;,
Fittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronl?, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stan-p for circular. 2*2 Stockton.
MEDIUMS' Protective Association— Semi-an-
nual meeting and election of directors, Sun-
day, Nov. 12, 11 a. ... at 148 Sixth st, city,
rooms 1 anJ 2.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L.. 25c; G., 50c. 612 1 /4 Eddy.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st. room 7, second floor.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 23c -up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night. 8:15; sittings
daily 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed; !
2f.c; correct answers to all questions. 5 7th st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; readings;
tests daily, 10c; dr., Mon., Ft!., 25c, 2, 8 p. m.
CONSULT the best clairvoyant; fee 25c 349/4
Minna St., near Fifth.
MRS. BURSH, 245 Fourth st, Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonble.
MME. SYBILLE— to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 250; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st
MMi_. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. BHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads lire fluently; business
advice: names given: fi>o up. 5 Fourth st.
PROF. Gee — Medium; read's. 60c. 11: test circlet
Tups.. Thurn.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
CLINIC.
C A I.JF^ORNTir > ?^i^^
free medical and surg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charga un-
lenH successful. Room 310. T27 Market St.
CQ.TTAGKS TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, with or without stable.
624 Ivy avo.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent $8. 1021%
Lombard st, near Hyde.
EDDY, ISSI, near Broderlck— Sunny modern
cottage; 6 rooms and bath; garden; rent low.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 610 Cas-
tro Bt
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath; basement
and barn; suitable for any business. 919 Capp.
8 SUNNY rooms and basement; rent $11. 860S
Twenty-sixth Ft., bet Valencia and Guerrero.
6-ROOM rear cottage, 1 Larkin place oil Lar-
kin Bt, bet Ellis and Farrell. -
/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. JUGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st. , over Cafe Zlinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other linings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. ,
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; Bee our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full Bet, 53; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
laity; nil work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st '
MEYER— Deutscher Z'ahnarzt. 8 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In B. F. : work warranted 10
year*. __ Y. Dentists. f'R7 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, I—dies' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, CB7 Gear}-; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
MRT"_nd~~MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in ail branches: the
only school in the ilty having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $60; Bend tor catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
MATHEMATICS, languages, etc.; prepares for
civil service and colleges; thorough; practical;
reasonable; credentials. Box 4711, Call office.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
est. __4. VAN PER NAILLEN, 953 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Filippe'B
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest, profs.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night : correspondence.
PROF. ■ fliers mandolin club resumes Nov.
2: new members welcome: ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln st. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day c:-d night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; house^leanln_. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main IMB.
ORPHECM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nes*. 425 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— furnished
free. 668 Clay st. ; phone Davis £21.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O Farrell st; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 613 Bu3h Ft.; best Chines* help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1."31.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of any nation-
ality or description can secure same by call-
Ing on, addressing or telephoning MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.; telephone Grant 120.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation In
a Jewish family; 3 years' references last
place. MISS CL'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houpeworker, $15 to $20, city or country-
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter at.
SWEDISH second girl, first-class waitress and
seamstress; years' references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Butter Ft
WANTED— By experienced nurse, care of In-
fant: city or country; best of reference. 1525
Powell st., near Green.
A GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing
and house-cleaning by the day. Call at 65
Tehama st., bet. First and Second.
SITUATION wanted— First-class seam stress
and chambermaid; reference. Girls' Union,
928 Pine st
ANTED — By good woman, chamber work;
sleep home. Box 2958, Call office.
TWO reliable girls want to do housework. Call
Monday, 217 Polk st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as house-
keeper in small family. Box 2961. Call.
WOMAN would like to work by the day do-
ing washing and ironing. 53 Jessie st.
COLORED woman wishes a position for part
of the day; is good cook; would cook dinner
for parties; good reference. Call or address
1216 Pine st.
SECOND girl wishes position; $20. 720 Cali-
fornia st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 905 Market, rm. IS.
COMPETENT woman wishes position ac first-
class cook; German or American; wages $25
to $30. Call Montgomery Hotel, 227 Second st
BY young lady, some years' experience, a posi-
tion as music teacher and governess in a fam-
ily. Box 945, Call.
LADY stenographer desires a position. Box
943. Call.
WANTED — Position by a good plain cook; good
laundress. Box 967 Call offics.
STYLISH dressmaking in families by an ex-
perienced dressmaker In ladles' and children's
cloth(«; $1 25 per day; references. 1201 Web-
ster st, corner Eddy.
YOUNG LADY, unknown and bright, wishes
employment by railroad as detective; S. P.
preferred. Address J. E., 227 Minna st
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper; city or country;
best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also a first-class Swedish cook; best
ref.: city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st. : phone Main 651.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
girl or will assist 'In housework. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St. ___^
GERMAN woman wants to do hemstitching, or
will take flannel and silks to wash. Box 2860,
Call. -
WOMAN in need of a good home and small
wages. Call"or address 470^4 Seventh st, Oak-
land, room 29.
REFINED young lady wishes position as
housekeeper in small family; widower pre-
ferred. . Address HOUSEKEEPER, 731 San
Pablo .ive.. Oakland. __^
BY refined, educated young lady, a position as
governess Or companion to lady. Address 2221
Dwight way, Berkeley; telephone Black 1355.
COMPETENT man and wife want charge or
care of private Dlace, for elderly couule or
email family; city or country; references.
Address F. C, Mission Call Branch Office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
in respectable family at second work or
housekeeping. Call 671 Fulton st., before 12.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions- has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. ■ - . .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
_________ _____—_. _____ __—_—_____
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
EXPERIENCED salesman, stenographer and
typewriter, wishes situation; can furnish ma-
chine; best of references. Address box 2980,
Call office.
UPHOLSTERER, all-around man, desires work
in furniture store; small wages If steady. Box
£864. Call office,
• EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by a young man of IS
as assistant traveling salesman or stockman
In wholesale house; Eastern experience. Box
2561, Call office. .
BARBER, 2 years' experience, wants steady
Job. Box 2909. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man and wife,
no children, as Janitor, porter: handy with
most any kind of work: woman good wait-
ress; like to get similar in or out of city;
good responsible people; not afraid to work.
Box 2857. Call office.
AN Al bookkeeper wants permanent position;
quick, accurate and competent to take full
charge of office: first-class city references;
Address ACCOUNTANT Cosmopolitan Hotel,
cor. Fifth and Mission ets. '
A— A— OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call office.
GARDENER (German), competent, reliable,
handy and useful, wishes situation in private
family, city or country: understands the care
of horses, cows, chickens; references. Box
2936, Call. *-■ :'
WANTED— Position as head gardener by' a
Scotchman, 26 years; first-class experience;
11 years in the States; reference first-class.
Address box 2SI?, Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier and corres-
pondent with many years' experience In
wholesale business wishes position; excellent
city rets. Address Ledger, box 2817, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
email ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 3977. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with good
moral habits as clerk In men's furnishing de-
partment: best of recommendations furnished.
J. E. L.. 745 Laguna st.
SITUATION wanted by a practical engineer
and machinist of 16 years' experience; good
reference. Address box 951. Call.
ACCOUNTANT, regularly employed, wants ex-
tra work; corporation work a specialty. Box
941. Can.
WANTED— Situation by man and wife with a
child, to work on ranch or any other suitable
position; good references. Box 944. Call.
EXCELLENT bookkeeper wants to keep books
for several business or professional people. .
Address E., box 938, Call office.
CARPENTER (plain) would like to work with
experienced man as Improver; small wages;
Box 982. Call.
RETURNED soldier wishes position aa watch-
man, teamster or porter; not afraid of work;
good reference. Address 995 Market, rm. 18.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches, Al references, desires
situation as such. Ad. C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
HOUSE cleaning and washing windows; all
kinds of domestic work by day, week or
month. 523 Jessie st.
BARBER wants Steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2553. Call.
JAPANESE, young honest boy. wants position
at housework and waiting. Y. 6HIGEDOMI.
box 982,. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
t — — — —— — ■■■— —^ ;;^^^^^^^
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
! GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market St.. Pan Francisco: exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 28 Rltch st..
near Folsom and Third.
CASTRO. 640— Elegant modern sunny flats, 6
rooms, bath; basement; yard; nearly new; $IS.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
: FLATS — completed; modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1931 O'Farrell at.
FOUR rooms and bath; marine view; $18. 24
Reed st. : key at 1"25 Washington st.
GEARY, 1917— $18; 4 furnished rooms; bath;
I toilet; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
i MCALLISTER, Upper flat, 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
LAGUNA, 1715-1717 — sunny modern houses of
8 rooms and bath, each; newly papered.
XE. COR. Nineteenth and Noe its.— Lovely
I sunny upper modern 6-room flat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
RENT $16; house of 8 rooms, yard and view.
1021 Lombard st.
I SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and batb. 1412 Califor-
nia St., near Hyde.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, modern Improvements.
517% Grove st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
st., near Broadway; open evening.
535 PAGE st.— For sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms: flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 'Mission' St., Pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FI'KBIKRS, FURS. KTO
ELECTRIC #.il capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WAI-LACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 Inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAM AH. 21 First St., San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted— Dandruff Cure and
other Eastern specialties. P. C. M. A.. 76
Flood bMc, after 4 p. m.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— HOUSEWORK, San Jose, $25; Cloverdale
$20; Oakland, $25; Alameda, $26: cook and sec-
ond girl, Sausalito, $25 and $25: Menlo Park,
$25; Stockton, $25; Berkeley, $20: middle-aged
woman, Ross Valley, $15, fare paid; 10 wait-
resses, city and country, $20 and $15 each; 4
second girls. $20 each; 6 young girls, light sec-
ond work, $15 and $12; a lunch waitress. $3 50
per week: second work, San Mateo. $23; cook
lor a mining town, $35; 2 boarding-house
cooks, $25 and $30; 20 girls, housework, $25 and
$20, city and country. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, private "family. $30
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, 1 child, $25 per month MISS
• TI.i.KN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEKEEPER, country gentleman and I
children. $15. MIES CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
4 WAITRESSES, restaurant, $7 week; head
waitress. $25; 4 waitresses, hotels, city, $20;
10 waitresses, commercial hotels, country, $20-
-cook, plain country hotel, $30; lroner, coun-
try. $25: housekeeper, widower and 2 children,
see party here at 11, Monday; Protestant
woman to cook, wash and iron, family of 2
$25; 20 Swedish and German girls for general
housework, $25 to $25: 2 girls for country, $25
small families, see party here, between id
and 12. Monday: nurseglrl, $10 and $12 C R
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ' '
NEAT woman for ranch cooking $25, free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, institution, $30; second girl, $20; nurse-
girl, $20; 2 cooks, $30 and $25; housejjirl, $25,
2 in family; housegirl, Berkeley." $26; ranch
NO°RTON : , l 3 h S O u U t te g r' r S 't: m, "* m MR&
BOARDING-HOUSE cook. $30. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Batter at.
GIRL for general housework In small family
Apply between 8 and 12 a. m. at 1968 Green
St.. upper flat.
A LADY wanted to assist in light housework;
good home and fair pay for right party. 116
Taylor st., after 12 p. m.. for this week.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 Howard
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework
563 Hayea st.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 927 Market at
I room 411. *
WANTED— to assist with children and
light housework. 1217 Webster at.
A PROTESTANT girl to assist with house-
work. 1723 Post st.
WANTED— girl for housework and
cooking. 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness aye.
NURSE for children; German preferred; wages
$25. 2321 Buchanan at. ■ f
WANTED— for general kitchen work*
$4 week. LIPSCHITZTS Restaurant. 413 Pine.
WANTED— Night cook at 207 Fell st. \'
GIRL for light general housework; $15. 2217
Octavia at., cor. Jackson. .
WANTED— Good talloress on vests; good pay;
steady work. 854 Folaom st.
, 'WAITRESS wanted. 681 dar^*^ ' ,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; good
wages. D. AJ3RAMS, 40 Ellla St., room 52.
APPRENTICE wanted at vest-making. 617
Jessie st.
WANTED— finisher on custom coats; also
presser. 126 Russ st.
WANTED— A good, strong girl to work in a
lunchroom. 712 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in housework
3 or 4 hours a day. 3570 Seventeenth st.
APPRENTICE wanted for dressmaking at 120%
Hayes st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Goueh and Grove sts.
WANTED— lady who understands
stamping. Apply KOHLBERG. STRAUSS &
FROHMAN, 1220 Market St.
WANTED— A refined German girl for grown
children and sewing: city references required.
Call between 9 and 12 at 820 Post st.
WANTED— Swedish girl; housework
and cooking; good wages. Call before 1 p.
m. at 718 Cole st.
WANTED— First-class laundress. 1801 Frank-
lin st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 2018
Baker st.
WANTED— for children; French or Ger-
man preferred. 2910 Howard st. — •
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing; $20. Call before 12 at 2615 Union st.
NEAT girl to learn dressmaking; paid. 406
Putter St.. room 39.
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands.
MRS. L. BROWN. 26% Kearny st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to work In lodging-
house. Call at 224 O" Parrel! St.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
ELDERLY woman for light housekeeping;
sleep home. Apply after 10. 1103 Stevenson st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to sew on buttons.
36% Fremont st. ; take elevator.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — American clothing salesman; $10
week; sheepherder; 4 miners, $2 50 day; 20
laborers for mines and quarries, $3 day; 6
quarrymen, $2 50 day; 2 carpenters, $3 day;
gardener and wife. $45; and many others. J.
F. CROSEIT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— HoteI cook, country, $50; German
hotel cook and wife, $60; restaurant cook, $30;
oook for Nevada, $50, fare refunded; baker,
$10 week and found: bakers' helpers and dish-
washers, $25; restaurant waiters, $8 per week,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
69 ranch hands $30, $26, $20 and found
114 choremen and boys
$26, $20. $15, $10 and found
boys to learn trades and bellboys
D stablemen and boys.. s3o, $20, $15 and found
3 farmers and wives $40 and found
10 laborers for a ranch, no teaming. $26 and
found; 243 positions not advertised; come and
sec
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP 7
9 carpenters, 9 months' Job $3 day
8 tinners harness maker
2 iron molders upholsterers
coat makers blacksmiths
wood turners wheelwrights
slate splitters, blockmakers, quarrymen, cabi-
net makers, $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE. ...RAILROAD WORK
I Teamsters, laborers, drillers, $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
TO MINES
26 laborers, no experience $60
6 miners, gold mine $75
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE BOTH WAYS ".
15 laborers. 4 months' Job, no blankets, $1 75
day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP MONDAY
62 laborers, no experience, $26 to $40 and
found, for sawmills, yards, etc., steady Jobs
crosscut sawyers woodsmen
edgermen, barkers mill men
woodchoppera ' ttemakers
plcketmakers by the hundred
$65, $80, $50. $40. $30 and found. $2 60 to $1
cord. 10c. 12c each
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
i MILK wagon drivers, city.. s4o. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES
27 four-horse teamsters, fare $160 $r>o
26 laborers, fare $1 50 $60
14 four-horse teamsters, 50c fare $2 25 day
126 laborers and teamsters, city and country
Jobs, some In San Francisco, $2 50. $2. $1 75
day
MURRAY & READY, 684 and 638 Clay st.
FOREMEN
13 rock. 2 grading foremen $3 day
2 foremen for ranches $45, $50 and found
MURRAY & READY, 631 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL LAUNDRY BAKERY
27 cooks $55, $50, $40. $30 and found
14 waiters $30. $23. $20 and found
12 dishwashers $25. $20, $15 and found
8 porters, bellboy; come and see us
6 laundrymen, washers, lroners, markers,
etc., $30. $25 and found
baker and confectioner, 2 bread bakers, 2
second, 4 helpers. $50, $40. $30, $25, $15 and
found; waiters, night cooks, vegetable men,
dishwashers, $30, $25 and found, for mines.
MURRAY & READY. 631 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO '.'.'. Employment Agents
WANT TO-DAY, MONDAY
Head cook, country hotel. $75; German cook,
country hotel, $45; 6 cooks. $30. $35, $40; fry
cook. $50; second cook, $00; butcher, $35: cook,
company boarding-house, $35; potwasher,
country boarding-house, $25; dishwasher,
country hotel. $20: dishwasher and kitchen
hands, city, $20, $25. $30; bellboy, city, $15 to
$20; hotel waiters, city and country. $30, $25;
porter, hotel, city, $20; washer, hand laun-
dry, $30 and found.
Ranch blacksmith, $35 and found; harness-
maker, ranch, $35 and found; ranch car-
penter, $1 50 and found: ranch hands, $26 and
found: milkers, $25 and $30; laborers, city
and country. $2 a day; woodsmen, $26 to $35
and found; florist, $40 and found: bridge car-
penters, $3 a day; Burleigh drlllmen, $3 a
day; laborers, company work, country, $2 50
ft day.
RAILROAD WORK
3 grading foremen. $3 a day; 4 stonemasons,
$3 50 a day: (10 teamsters, free fare).
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR COAST RAILROAD
FREE FEE; FREE FARE
Teamsters, laborers Ship Tuesday
C. R. HANSON & CO
Employment Agents 104 Geary st
WANTED •••
Buggy wnsher, city stable »»0
j 2 miners $2 50 per day
cook, .-mall boarding house near city $10
6 laborers for mine $26 and board
fanners and ranch teamsters, near city •
$26 and board
milker and wife. $3.*.; farmer and wife $40
and 100 others. W. D. EWER & CO.. CIO Clay.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barters' Home: barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with flrst-class help;
Office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.: in con-
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bar-
bers; telephone South 51. WM. HABE-
RKCHT, manager, 1203 Market St., corner of
Eighth, formerly of the Revere, Eureka,
Humboldt County, and Vallejo. •
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HElls/5,
Employment Secy.. C3O Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
assist generally In light outdoor work; will
pay $60 per month: small capital- required.
Apply 1032 Market St.. room 4.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and make himself
useful; wages $15; must be sober and reliable;
steady job. Address box 2959, Call office.
RAILROAD foreman wanted; first-class man
who understands trap and car work. Ad-
dress 1209 Claus Spreckels building.
WANTED— Boy honest, strong and active;
references required: $3 per week. Monday 9
to 10 a.m., C. M. Foster & Co.. Spreckels Mkt.
BUSHELMAN at the California Clothing Re-
novatory. 116 Geary st.
COAjTMAKER for country. Apply to REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
GOOD boy wanted for tin and copper shop. 618
. California st.
LUNCH waiter. Russ Cafe. JOHN MOURIT-
ZEN proprietor. 605 Montgomery at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers; to work inside by
the piece: steady work: good pay. 718 Market.
LUNCH waiter. Apply at 629 Davis st.
ERRAND boy. Apply at 120 Sutter st, room
64.
WANTED— A boy. 302 Sixth st., at the crock-
ery store: please call at 10 o'clock a. m.
BOY to learn harness and saddlery mak-
ing. 1288 Folsom st.
BARBER ship at a sacrifice; must sell ac-
count sickness. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
MAN to do chamberwork: lodging-house. Call
after 7 a. m., 1032 Market st. .
WANTED— man lunch waiter. 136 Second st.
WANTED— A waiter. 607 Clay st.
> WAITHRS wanted at 135 JBtCttLat., " v
HELP WANTED —
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as drum-
mer or collector; is very —ell acquainted in
city and can give good references. Address
box 2960. Call. .
WANTED— Second cook at HEALY'3 Restau-
rant. 1119 Market st. .
WANTED— Jamestown, Tuolumne County,
200 men; laborers, teamsters and drlllmen;
free passage from Oakdale; take boat to
Stockton, cars to Oakdale for $1 50; good
board and good camp accommodations; work
for seven or eight months. CAMPBELL &
BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St.. near
Eighth; telephone South 51__VVm- Heberecht.
BARKEEPER, one who can play piano; $40
and found. Box 946. Call office. ;
ERRAND BOY between 14 f" d k £»";« rown
and strong: steady work. 412 Market st.
GOOD solicitor for installment-payment : tailor
116 Kearny st.
600 PAQ2S men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet Ist and 2d sta.
YOUNG man to help in saloon; German pre-
ferred. 1053 Market st. _•_ ,
WANTED-Fl7st-class waiter at Manhattan
House, 525 Battery St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet, Ist and za sts.
2 COATMAKERS. SAN JOSE W. M. CO.. 623
Market St.. room 3. .
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 126 Mnth St.; call
early. ___— ■
stamped work; send references and salary
stamped work; send references and «-»£
Or. .
WANTED-A common worklngman; indoor
work; married; German or French sr-eaßing.
no board; wages $S to $10 a week. Apply after
9 o'clock a. m., 15 City Hall square, opp. Bth.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert Instructloii,
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages
call or write for free illustrated catalogue,
MOLER'B BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tne
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop for sale
In the center of this city; reason death of^^pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. fc>C±l.fc.U-
KERT, 927 Market st.
MEN who worked last year on press election
returns apply this (Thursday) afternoon at 1
o'clock, room 9, Registrar's office. New City
Hall.
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk. ■"■■■<'':
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages- call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
I week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 937 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night; reading room; fre«
'bus and. baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday.
II o'clock, at Ormonde Stable, 1517 Mission st.
B. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
LOOK out for the big sale of horses direct j
from the country at Ormonde Sale Stable.
1517 Mission st., Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
CHEAP— Good road horse; any lady can drive
him: well bred. Address COS Mission st.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
LODGING house for sale; $450; on account of
departure; 20 sunny rooms; well furnished; all
rented: rent $50. Apply at the place, 533
Broadway, city.
FOR clubrooms: 209 Grant aye.: 19 rooms; nice
rooms; 9 front rooms. Apply on premises
from 10 to 12 a. m.
TO let— Furnished lodging house; 35 rooms, all
full. Box 2563, Call office.
NEATLY furnished house of 9 rooms; Pine st,
near Powell; cheap. Address box 3000, Call.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st.: new cash buyer dally.
7-ROOM house; well furnished; sunny; central;
modern conveniences. Box 294, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms, all occupied,
for sale at 2 Washington st.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice corner house;
33 rooms: all rooms full: cheap. .
$450— Philadelphia House, 421 Bush st.: 48 rooms;
fur.; gas and water; or take partner; $225.
FOR sale cheap— Lodging house; 22 rooms; rent
$50. 1021 Valencia st.
HOUSES to let.
A^p"rINTEI> list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. 'G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1412 G. Gate; 8 R.s3o 00 1206% Turk; 6 R $21 00
534 Haighf 6 R.. 27 50 1710 Buchanan; 4 R 17 50
576 Folsonr 7 R.. 21 00 loir-, Geary: 5 R. 14 00
1*35 Sanchez; 5 R. 12 50 Madison A. ;4r. 10 00
35 Grand ay.': « R. 18 50 1424 M Howard; 4 R 15 00
■uniTSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ■
HOUSE to let— B rooms, bath, large yard. 384
Eureka ft., nr. Twenty-first: rent $15 a month.
HOUSES TO FURNISHED.
PART of furnished house to let In San Jose;
convenient to electric cars; $10 per month for
■winter. Address 2432 Jackson St., afternoon.
HOUSE of 3 sunny rooms, furnished or un-
furnished: cheap to right party. 2087 Ellis st.
——————-£——-
DR EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant: teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Large brown dog; spaniel; spotted nose;
leather collar inscribed 'Jack." Return to
HEITMEYER BROS., 1736 Devisadero St.; re-
ward.
LIBERAL reward offered for information lead-
ing to recovery of Jersey cow that was stolen
Thursday night. Apply at 12 Twelfth st. _
LOST— Black and white Japanese pug; female.
2700 California St.; liberal reward.
$5 REWARD— at Presidio, child's open-
faced silver watch; monogram B. S. 536 Clay.
WHITE poodle dog: collar and bell; thin chain.
' Return 127 Russ St.; reward.
Saturday night, fly pin; opal and dia-
mond. Return 1609 Broderlck St.; reward.
LOST— Eskimo dog: reward. J. G. GALLA-
GHER, 1200 Valencia st.
LOST— A black and white Llewellyn bitch; one
eye almost entirely black. Return to 923
Haight st. and receive reward.
. MEDICAL.
PRIVATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of, care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladies,. DR. an.l MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Hours 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9a. m. to sp. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at lIS Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge: cure $5. 318 Kearny; consultation free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
st.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
HOME In confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free, MRS. ALLEN. 22$ Van Ness aye. ,
, ■ : • •
WHIST nniM
titi G W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles'" specialist. Market st. _
MR!3 DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1228
Market St.. bet Taylor and Jones.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor treats all dli-
eases of the human body, Ho Mason at.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
GRAVEL mine; can pay for it out of mine; no
G cl*h doJn terms go^d; well located; prlad.
pals only. HCXSAKKR, 6 Lddy St.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
nr>TT t-p«5 pnelne« 2d-hand machinery. Me-
?NTOSH £ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont et.
JJand fU 7 ll N^^N flX lo^lo1 S -^l-l^ M^si'a
St., above Sixth. ,
BARS, counters, showcases shelving mirrors,
bought, sold .and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes,
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Thu
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. V., Cal.
$20— CAUSE, departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; 7 drawers: complete new
style attachments; coat $TO. 704 Pine st.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English tire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. B.
CHURCH, 807 Sansome st.; tel. Main 5086.
S HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 6 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremqat.
FOR SALE— Mandolin, cost $20; for $10. Bo*
969 Call offlco.
LADY'S black Persian lamb coat, cost $100;
worn one month; for $75. Box 968, Call ofllca^
DOMESTIC sewing" machine, In good onSer;
attachments. 1915 Mission st., near Fifteenth.
A FINE rowboat; good a3 new. Box 942, Call
office.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new. 2d-hand. W hltelaw,2l6 Spear.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 76. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton St.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery «t.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; tel. Jessie 1163.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.; gas eng., 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS, 611
Union st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S, 420 Montgomery St., upstairs.
Second-hand painter falls. 1129 Mis-
sion st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 1 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $50 to
I $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
rate; mortgages and legacies bought; 110 de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
' ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Old line life insurance policies;
highest cash price paid. A. T. KELLIHER,
Raymond House, Oakland. Cal.
TO salaried men: without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
$SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California st., room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money, see H. MURPHY. C3O Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raising" sale of pianos la
now going on at MAUVAIS*, 769 Market st.;
don't delay If you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains in pianos
is offered for a week at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get th«
low prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1536, and are to-day the
"best of the best." See the new styles at
MAUVAIS', __ Market St.
AS we are selling: good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
HIGH grade piano to be sacrificed- 1 call at
once. SCOTT-CURTAZ, S6O Hayes etl
24 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo SCOTT-
• CURTAZ CO.. SSO Hayes st. m °- SC ° TT -
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
Pianos; reduced to insure prompt sales.
\V. '-. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $"> 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash KEEFFE'S.
1019 Van Ness aye.
WA^'TED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 xvSt St.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
G 2 ( r£x-T U . r T i - I?ht Piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORN UN G. 216 McAllister st.
B M RGA . IN Good "Pright: cheap. SCHMIT% 16
McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
S^^ 1 ™? violin.,, zithers, old and new. H.
M' 1.1.^K. maker, repairer. : Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
FOR RENT~— A"^ubTe"storeT one^uit^bie~tor
restaurant: the other for barber shop and
«fi ar v Stand; opposite where new union depot
will be built. Inquire saloon, cor. Fourth and
■Town send sts.
EMMA SPR ECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
. J-'gnt. sunny offices. $12 50 to $20 per month.
PALMISTRY.
MMB j- NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. ,. 616 Geary st, above Jones; classes;
. orace hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; leading by. mail. U.PERSONALS.
IT'S FtER S QUINT< INICA thatyglvet
that beautiful .loss to the hail . 3".c. bot.;
Lederer'B Foam Shampoo cleanses the scalp,
__ii jftjL—. 1 - 3 Stockton st.
LKDERF.R dresses the hair to suit the face.
J»c.«oniy; Veda Rose Rouge gives that per-
fectly natural color; easily applied; cannot
harm the most delicate skin; We. box. 123
Stockton et. >
LESLIE C. HURST will find It great}) to his
interest to write to E. W. MORANCT. ad-
m tra , tor ot F - K. HURST, deceased. Ver-
Fal s . Kentucky, or to ANDREW THORNE.
£iu|3 bld_., San Francisco, Cal. Any one
Knowing him to be . Ive since 1889, or know-
_i!l K ___ l i___L_l e __ id, kindly notify the above,
K U K -9 AN " T re'ninanta for suits, $10 75; pants.
« <o, or overconts, $12 EO; made to order;
samples sont to interior. One Price Tailoring
U Co.;- 1844 Market st., St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONeT ■ Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, • and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty.
t-an Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
g Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 100 rooms;
2."c to $1 50 pc-r night; $1 50 to $6 per week-
_frec 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, jewelry.
Clothing-, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
<?st. CUT RATE; LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience; J. 8.. box 2SSS, Call office.
ONLY store that buys old gold. jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLKMAN'S, 506 Kearny.
BI'ST price for oast-oFTlothlnqr and bric-a-
-brac. 11. MARKS. 2Qj Third St.; send postal.
JAMES A. SOR_sNSON,\watchn__ker. and! Jew-
e!er. removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LhMOb, 1117 Markctjt^ bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work In ainiranches;
__M il ' nln -' ltlf> " frPe - 713 Market St.. rms. 2& 3.
PAINTING) and paper hanging; moms papered
?2 M up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth st. '
MRS. I. J. WHEELOC-Cha- removed la. yverlte
_ ________ U4 ° Marke t; Phone Folsom 445.
Ml.li. CLAIRR BEaaTßAND.'imariloureTpar-
Jors,_.3jsjvearny st.. first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BBNNBTT.I Iin I M!sslo_-^C_ncer .{ cure 6
* -ay.;; no knife, no caustics; ■• ■ aces.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy end 10c
_i£rj.uest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis St.
HIRSUTINE CO.. ha!~s^c7aUsts. grow hoTr
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop goods trought
-J- > -____ tchnns ' : '' 3 - B2S it ..nt st.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
-f^ t -__-_Sjl! S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome Ft.
:•■-. CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 KAnrny st.
IF you wish full value- for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no lnjec-
tlon: g-arantd. Dr. Qorflln,, 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
WANTED— OM gold for manufa'inc. O Nolte
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & 'Mason.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
lfi rage«, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pnr year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC si pplies.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty:
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co-. 22 Geary st.
PHRENOLOGY.
PHRENOLOGY taught by mail In 6 hoars for
25c. PROFESSOR CALDERWOOD, 4421
Linden g.t., Oakland. Cal.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
IC.IU Market st.. bet. Sixth an.l Seventh:
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR BALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.'S FOR BARGAINS.
Money to loan on rents.
Cash paid for city bargains.
$186.000— -New building: rents JlO.OfiO yearly.
$7. r .,o</)— Grand corner; good improvements; lot
CO feet front: block from Tivnll.
$40,000 — Grand Investment: vicinity of Mason
Ft. : r-»nts $-t''_.
$3n,oo<>— Stores and 12 flats; rents $300; lot 50x
lfio feet.
$22. z><«\— Grand Investment; lot 40_S0 feet;
Mr.ck from Fourth nnd Market sts.
$14. W< — Geary St.. near Mason; store and lodg-
Ine house.
$12,750-^-3 elepant new fiats: rents $105.
$12.000 — Mason St.. not far from Geary; 35-foot
front. '
IIO.MfV- New fiats: very fin--; rents $95.
$?500— Market-st. fiats; lot 30 feet front; a i
snap.
$7:<' f >— Transfer corner; store and - flats; mort-
gaire $6200.
$7500 — Three grand new flats: rents $S0; near
Powell an-1 Flush sts. -, all rented.
$sfloo— California st.; 3 flats: rents $45.-
-$ 1 7"0— Cozy 7-roora house; lot 25x100 feet: nice
prfunrls: rent $16 50.
$16'Vi— Three Hats: all rented $1^; near Powell.
$_w>— Two flats; rents-- $30.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667
Market st.
$34' V— MODERN ."-room cottage on bitumlnlzed
street: Jot 23x130; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce Ft., near Haight; houses built to
suit purchases: easy terms. Inquire on prem-
ises. F. NELSON. Builder.
$3<"o FOR new house of .•> rooms and lot £oxloo,
In Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month: lot and house cost $12f>0. Inquire WM
HENDRICKSON * CO.. 614 Call building.
Sr.uthwest cor. Guerrero and Army sts. — 51:6
XIOO feet.
Southeast cor. Twenty-sixth and Church sts.
—Lots 25 or 50 by 05 feet.
FOR salf — <-ror,m cozy bouse; 9 foot 8 Inch
basement : laree lot and stable; electric carts.
223 Twenty-ninth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden ,-.. Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
BRYANT. If,— Building for sale; to be moved.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Milt-
13U ACRES; must be sold; make offer: all in
bearing trees: 2 miles fr'>m Santa Clara; 10-
-room house, barn, windmill. 2 wells, all Im-
plements. 9 Geary st., room 15.
A— 2W ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per
«ere for quick sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montgy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubsrriptionß has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until .' p. m.
CLAY. 2321, near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Two nice housekeeping
rooms, bath and laundry.
FIFTH, 202— Unfurnished bay-window parlor,
with nice mantel; $6 50; refs. exchanged.
FIFTH, 2i3— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
• necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— Kitchen, bed-
room, yard; hot and cold water; other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 26S— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also single room.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— Large sunny room,
gas and water, for light housekeeping. In re-
Bpectable 'amily; no other roomers; $10.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping.
HOWARD, ms— Furnished rooms, complete for
housske<-;ilng; running w_ter; i ■■-.- reasonble.
IVY aye., 241, near Haves and Franklin sts.—
2 an ' 3 lovely furnished rooms; sun; sink;
$13 and $1S; adults.
LARKIN, 326 — ("can sunny housekeeping apart-
ments: $16 to J'.'o per month; central.
MCALLISTER, 405-2 sunny front rooms; bath;
laundry; complete.
O'FARRELL, 208—3 nicely furnished housi keep-
ing rooms; rent car, be earned In the house.
POLK. 522— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
SEVENTH 192— One large unfurnished room;
housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
TWELFTH. 40-2 sunny front connecting rooms '
for housekeeping; $10.
TWENTY-THIRD 8726, near T>olores-3 sunny
bay-window rooms; complete; new carpets.
$6— ss; nice light rooms; Kearny, , Butter:
O'Farrell, cor. Powell. Apply 15 Grant eve. '
A BRANCH of fie for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla- st.
BOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
A~FLOOR of 4 beautiful large~rooms.~wlth
nice wide hall, completely furnished for
housekeeping; gas. hot and cold water- use
of laundry, bathroom; telephone; new house :
small private family; rent reasonable- fine
view; healthy location; no children. Addlv
In forenoon. 4231 Twentieth St., between Cas-
tro and Colllngwood.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio" :- opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rate* reasonable. 21 Taylor St.. near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms
Mr. to $1 per night; $1-25 to -$5 per wo«k, and
i__ht housekeeping; open ail night.
ROOMS TO LET— P.m. and I'nlurn.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. -
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms fiOc to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— "EPWORTH," clean, respectable 26c to $1
per night, $1 25 to $6 per week; light house-
Keeping. 1037*. Market st.
AT The Waldorf, 309 Powell— Two front suites;
oleo single room, without board.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites; sin-
gle rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen and
families; elevator; special rates traveling men.
BX'KNETT, 1426 Market (Old No. 1364i-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARKOLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny coiner; well turn, rms. & offices.
CLIFI ORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prlceß rea-onable,
EDDY. 123 (United State Hotel)-Clean. neat
rooms; $1 DO week up; elevator day and nighty
EDDY, 473— Large, bright sunny room; 2
closets; running water $12 month.
FRANKLIN loOO l^, near Bush— Nice, sunny
furnished front room; rent reasonable.
FOURTH? 222 M-— Nncely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; moderate; quiet.
FR \NKITn. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
win. room for 2 young men; also isekpg.
GEARY. 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
GEARY/5 405 (The JCavarre)— Comfortable turn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. M.Rb. HibH.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 730— Sunny furnished
room with use of kitchen; S7.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission ms Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to ?6 per week..
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES Tlouse. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 500 per night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
LARKIN, 103— Furnished and unfurnished
sunny rooms; also office; opp. City Hall.
MASON 213%— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite" $1 B0 ver w e " k __
McALLISTEK, 702^— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms: suite or single; private fam.
MINNA, 28— Furnished ogle and double
rooms;' 75c and }1 per week. -
MINNA, t'67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, nil'*— l_rge ■ mny front rooms; gas;
running water; nicely furnished.
MISSION. 1511. near Eleventh— s sunny rooms;
bath and dressing room.
NEW Arlington, 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
35c day up; $2 week up; transient. ______
NINTH. 20, near Market — Front bay window,
•suitable for 2; grate; gas; $3.
O'FXRRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,mo.
O'FARRELL, 329— Large sunny front room and
board for two gentlemen^
ROYAL House, 12- Kills st.— lncandescent
light reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $3
to $S: month, $S to $30: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
I SACRAMENTO, 1361— Three rooms; large yard;
I rent $7.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
! SIXTH, ins— Furnished front rooms; also oth-
ers; rent reasonable.
i STOCKTON. 603 — Nice sunny well furnished
rooms; single or en suite.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
VALENCIA. 117— A nice sunny front room.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for.Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st^-
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds l ousht. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates- ':■'>' Fourth St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES-rFETER CEILING'S pile salve. Jl per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long l
standing. 162S Devlßadero st., near Butter.
A BAZIAB in aid of ::ethle..em Congregational
Church. Twenty-fourth and Vermont sts.,
will be held on Nov. 6; admission 10c
ROOMS papered from $?.; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., US Third.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO -r Montgomery st. rooms 9-10: tfl s'?o.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Stora&e Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: teL Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 '' -• cor '•■■■• tel. Mnln '13.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— California Schuetzen Club Park,
near San Rafael, for a term of 5 years or
more; bids will be received up to November
20, 6 p. m., at the office of the C. S. C. P. &
B. A.. 123 Sutter st.
OTTO BURMEISTER. Secretary.
STORE to lease: Mission St., bet. First and
Second: lot 25xK | O: put in order to suit tenant.
■T. TOMPKINSON. 7 Minna St.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 7Gc: guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
$1400— FINE building lot; water front; Clinton
aye. ; 50x165.
$1500— House 7 rooms and bath; lot 50x150;
near Park st.; great bargain. .
$2000— Modern bouse 7 rooms; gas, porce-
lain bath, etc.; lot 50x150: fine location on
San Jose aye.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
$1800— LOT 60x150. with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house i room*
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2£oo— Lot 40*150, on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$SCO cash, balace $25 "per month.
$3350— L0t 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO . 1432 Park st.
ALAME_>A ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 ?th,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
$1050— NICE cottage home; large lot, BOxUS;
convenient to trains, street cars, school,
churrhep and stores; small cash payment;
balance easy monthly payments.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
14 ACRES In Oakland; up-to-date home; want
an honest offer. . E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broad-
way, Oakland.
MODERN, nearly new. 2-ntory 9-room residence
in Fruitvale. at corner of Champion and Nlcol
aye.; only $200 cash, balance to suit; house
i pen to-day.
FOR Bale— New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvala
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 98x
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpet»; must
sell. Box 811. Call. ■
For sale— Building lot, near Telegraph aye..
North Oakland. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOlf~_ALl_".
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer, lltfr and Franklin, Oakland.
■ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 9 (thirty-five
cents per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market St.,
on and after FRIDAY, November 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close on SATURDAY,
November 4, 1899, 'at 12 o'clock m. ' '
ii. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1899.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francipco, State of California. In th»
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
n iuJprment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby Klven that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
6tate of California, and having its offlce and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has filed
6 verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
ft Judgment cf dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November IS. 1899. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. t. In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
band and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October 18S9.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
fS-fll.l
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage nn.l death notices sent by
mail will not he Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices ajid be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
DIED.
Blejr, Gertrude J. McGraw. Ellen L
CaUahan, John Mcßae, William D.
Daniel, Mrs. M. Morlarty, Mrs. B.
Deoourtieux, Amand Morris, Mrs. M.
gan, Elizabeth Noak, William
Ewlng, F-Jiih B. Poljaco, Dominick
Polkers, Mrs. H. P. Ravani, Leonardo
Galilean. Julia Ross, Samuel B.
Kelly, Michael Thomas, Mrs. A. M.
McCready, William Thompson. Smith B.
McSachern, Mary B. Vltaich, John T.
BEASLEY- In thia city. November 5, 1899,
Gertrude Jeanette, dearly beloved daughter of
Amanda and James Beasley and sister of
Margaretts ;trvl Joseph Beasley, a native of
jTrancisco, aged 1" months an.l 27 days. <
E7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite?! to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of ;
her parents, 1790 Folsam street. Interment i
Cypress Liwn Cemetery, by carriages.
CALLAHAN In Oakland, November 5. l s ?9.
John, son of Cecile and the late James Calla-
li.in, and brother of James and Thomas Cal- |
lahan. Mrs. McLaughlin, Mrs. Barry and the |
late Mrs MUligan, Mrs. Travers and j
Michael Callahan, a native of County Mona- ■
Khan. Ireland, aped 43 years.
■ of funeral hereafter.
DANIEL tn Fruitvale, November 5, 1599, Mrs.
Margaret Daniel, wife of Thomas Daniel and
mother of James :ui>l Thomas E. Dantel, a
c of Wales, aged 63 years.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DBCOURTIEUX— In thia city, November 4, 1.899,
Amand Decourtleux Pr.. beloved husband of
Louisa Decourtleux and father of Amand
Decourtleux Jr. and Mrs. Batto, and father-
in-law of N. Batto, a native of France, aged
63 years.
tC?"Fri<.nds and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, si 7 Union street. thence to
Masonic Hall, corner of Post and Montgom-
ery streets, where services will be held uii'l.-r
the auspices of La Parfaite Union No. 17. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
Ih »NEGAN In this city, November 5, 1*99. Ellz-
abeth, beloved daughter of John an.l Katio
gan, ag.'d 1 year 6 months and 27 days.
EWING— In this city, November 4, 1899, Edith
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Cal and Rose
C Ewlng, and sister of B Howard, Charley
M.. J. Cal, Ullian M. ar.d Frank 11. Ewlng,
a native of San Francisco, aged IS years and
6 months.
(CTFri-ndi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Imin-.I to attend the funeral this day
(M mday), at 1:80 .■clock, from the hoi
h»-r parent ! Jose avenue, ta ■
Twenty-fourth an.l Twenty-fifth streets, in-
terment Cypress bmn Cemetery, by electric
. i: fPleaee omit flowers.)
FOLKERS In Oakland, November 4, 1899,
ne Sophie, dearly beloved wife of J. H.
A. Folkers, and mother of August, Theodor
and Ludolph F'.lk^rs and Mrs. Edward
H.ießeman, a native of Schweewarden, 01-
-■ .ermany, aged G6 years 3 months
.lays.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
family residence, 915 Myrtle street, Oakland
rment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. San Fran-
cisco.
GALLIGAN— In this city, November I,
Julia Galligan, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, acred GO years.
(tl?'Frier!iiss and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1-' - - from ths parlors
H- nry .). Gallagher Company, 30 Fifth
to Bt. Patrick's I'hurch for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, November .'., wo. Mi-
. beloved husband of Mary Kelly and
lather of George W. Kelly, a native of the
parish of Linally, Kings County, Ireland,
■ firs.
C?"Fr!en.ls and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at .8:30 o'clock: from his late
■ice. 2218 Union street, thence to Su
Brigld's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem hifrh mass will
be celebrated f..r the repose of 1-. is soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crops
Cemetery.
BADY— In this city. November 4, 1593,
William, beloved husband of Margaret Mi -
Cready, and father of James Francis Me-
. ly, a native of County Derry, Ireland,
t . 87 years.
'Friends an«l acquaintances and members
Of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
f.r>- respectfully Invited to attend the funeral. 1
this day (Monday), at tt:M o'clock, from;
the funeral parlon of McGinn Bros., U Eddy
interment Holy Cro«s Cemetery.
McEACHERN— In this city, November 5, 1599,
Mary 8.. beloved daughter of Aiikus j. nn.i
Mary McEachern, an.i sister of Margaret,
Herbert and Raymond McEachern, a native
■ :' Ban Francisco, aged 4 years and 9 months.
M QHAW- in Oakland, Novembei B, 1899, Ellen
r» eldest daughter of E. W. and Sarah
E. Mi ' ; : .iv. . aged 28
ty Funeral >• i ■■. ioi-s at the residence of her I
parents, MS Chestnut street, Oakland, to-
I, at 2 o'clock. Interment at
Port i >rf ird, I t.
McRAE— In this city, November 4, 1R93, Wll- j
Ham l> Mcßae, beloved son of Duncan A. i
Barbara Mcßae, and brother of Donald |
I . Peter A., Christina H. and Nellie J. Me- i
native of Scotland, aged 27 years.
E?"Fri. nds and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invit.-.i to attend the fynernl this day j
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
ran Company, 52 and ."■•; Mint
avsjiue. Interment Laurw ii in Cemetery.
MORIARTY— In this city, November 8, 1899.
Brld . I wife of the lat» John
Morlarty , and mother of Daniel and the late
Mary Morlarty, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged ?■ yarn.
jy Friends an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her iate resl-
dence, 22 Howard court, off Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem hiKh
will be celebrated f"r the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross j
■ . tery.
MORRIS In this city, November 4, ISM, Mar-
. relict of the iatr Thomas Morris, and
mother Of Nora., Mamie and .lani.'s Morris,
a native of I'astle Island, County Kerry, Ire-
land, Hi4«-d 4C years 11 months and 19 flays.
(TT'Fri. n'l* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:SO o'clock, from her late resl-
ITirsl street, thence to st. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem hlßh mast
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross <vmetery.
NOAK— In this city, November 5, ISI'O. William.
beloved husband of Georgina Noak. and father '
■ I Alfred and August Noak and Mrs. W. A.
Vetter, and brother of Amelia Kohler of ;
Btockton, a native of the Kinxdom of Saxony,
Germany, aged s " years 9 months and 30 dßy'n. I
[Hastings (Minn.) papers please c>i>y.]
B7ll*rlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-moir.w,-
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Mlzpah
Presbyterian Church, Harrison etreet, near
Fifth.
POLJACO — In this city, November 4, 1899, Dom- i
lnlck I'oljaco, a native of Svrti Petar Brae, !
Dalmatia, Austria, aged 62 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- '<
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Alcazar;
building. 120 O'Farrell street, under the aus- I
r tli'- Slavonic I. M. B. Society. Remains i
at the parlors of the United I'ndertakers. 27 i
and 29 Fifth street. Interment Mount Cal- j
vary Cemetery.
RAVANI— In this city, Leonardo, beloved hus- !
band of Maria Ravani and father of Rleardo i
RavanC a native of Italy, aged 76 years 3
months and 10 days.
H^Frionds and acquaintances are respect- j
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
CTuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl- i
1510 Dupont street, thence to Italian
church of St. Peter and St. Paul, where a
■ n requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. I'lease omit flowers.
ROSS- In this city, November 3. 1899, Samuel
P., beloved husband of Mary A. Ross (nee
iyi. ■ native of Seattle, Wash., aged 25
years and lii days.
f^Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late i
residence. 502 Franklin street, thence to St. j
Mary's Cathedra!, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy "Cross
Cemetery.
THOMAS— In this city, November 5, 1R99, All-
phons.. M.. beloved wife of James J. Thomas, '
IitNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flannasran & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS,
10 Filth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South B*.
mcrtvoY «sb co., !
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMUALMERri, I
1235 Market st., between Bth and 9th. .'
Telcjihonu South J47. | ;
and mother of Statia A.. Prince J., Fred W.
and Chauncey F. Thomas, a native of Balti-
more Md. ag-ed 44 years 7 months and 10
days. [Boston (Mass.) papers please copy]
THOMPSON— In this city, November 5, IS9O,
Smith 13., beloved father of William H.,
Frank R. and Walter G. Thompson, a native
of Duchess County, N. V., aged 78 yeari« 6
months and S days.
VITAIiH In this city, November n, 1899, John
T., beloved father of Gregory, Frances. Thom-
as, Daisy and Joseph Vitaich, brother of An-
tone Vitaich and Mrs. Anna Catanlch, and
uncle of Lena and Joseph Catanlch and John
and Peter Carstolovich, a native of Svete
Petar Brae, Dalmatla, Austria, ag.-.i 58 years,
10 months and n days. A member of the
Slavonic 1. M. B. Bocli ty.
|7Friendi and acquaintances are rfsrut^t-
fully invite-1 to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the Alcasa/
building, 120 O'Farrell street, under the aus-
pices of the Slavonic I. M. B. Society. Re-
mains at the parlon Of the United I'n-lprtnk-
ers, "7 and '",< Fifth street. Interment Mount
Calvary < lemetery.
CONDITION OF
THE TREASURY
Country Prosperous and
Using More Gold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5.-Hon. Ellis H.
Roberts, Treasurer of the United States,
in his annual report to Secretary (iage,
sums up the operations of the last fiscal
year by saying that "a notable activity
was exhibited in all kinds of currency,
with a marked increase in the use of gold
coin and in a less degree of silver coin,
while the prosperity of the country has
at no time left any part of the Govern
ment notes in the treasury above the de
mands of daily business in its several
offices."
He says: The effect of the new revenue
law is shown in the receipts of the year,
in which there was an increase in 189S of
$56,563,419 from customs and $102,536,520 I
frum internal revenue. The collections of
internal revenue were larger than those
for any previous year, with the exception j
only of I^oo, and the total ordinary re
ceipts, which amounted to $515,9f>0,620, were
also the largest on record, with the same
exception.
The net ordinary expenses were a little
over $605,000,000, an amount exceeded only
twice— in 1863 and L 864. There was a defi
ciency of $85,111,659 in ordinary revenues.
Inclusive of loans and the issue of notes
and certificates the total receipts on all
accounts by warrants were $1,038,451J340,
and the total disbursements $964,222,148.
With tho addition of the proceeds of the
new 3 per cent loan to the ordinary reve
nues there was a fiscal surplus of $liki,
--791,521 for the year. The receipts from the
loan represented every part of the coun
try. Of the total of nearly S".i»'i>" up
ward of $125,000,000 came to the office in
Washington in the form of checks on
banks in every part of the country. Near
ly $89,000,000 was paid in gold, upward of
$25,000,000 in United States notes and the
rest in other kinds of money.
By the improved revenues and the loan
: the treasury, notwithstanding the heavy
war expenses, will U- placed In the inde
pendent position so necessary to the
soundness of the financial system of the
country. The change was no less marked
In the aggregate of available resources
than isi their character, for the gain in
the total holdings was almost entirely In
gold and the treasury not only refused
tenders of gold in exchange for paper, but
increased the use of gold in the disburse
ments. At the dose of the year the
Treasurer" was accountable for $947.7
-t which he held $'.117,873,025 in cash
and cr.-iii t . the difference consisting of
funds classed as unavailable.
Aside from the issues of 3 per cent
bonds, the mosl Important event affecting'
the public debt was thi- falling due on Jan
uary l of the Vaje bonds issued
for the construction of Pacific railroads.
(if these •*K;.i | T". i "» were presented and
paid, leaving $79,000,000 of the loan out
standing, all past due and bearing no in
terest.
The gold coin in circulation, of denom
inations of $2n and under, steadily in
creased from $475.771.490 on September 30,
1596, to $646,561,185 on the same day in
1899. In the small notes there was a
shrinkage of $11,522,157 from 1896 to 1X97,
but in the next year there was an in
crease of $41,667,037, and from IS9B to 1S!)9
the amount ran up to $68,665,456. During
that year the increase of these denomina
tions of both gold and paper was $82,676,
--789. The total addition to the paper circu
lation in the same period was $101,839,641,
Of which $43,174,226 was in the large ■le
nominations. The addition to the gnM In
circulation during the year was $23,911,373,
and this, added to the increase of ihe
paper outstanding, makes a total Increase
of $125,751,014.
In the fiscal year 1898, the ten treasury
offices paid out $40.532,H3 In standard sil
ver dollars, and in 1899 $42,582,296, an In
crease of $1,700,147. At the same time the
receipts of standard dollars were $54,007,
--934 in 1898 and $37,681,040 In 1899, a decrease
of $16,426,894. These changes Indicate a
growing circulation of these coins.
While disbursements of gold have been
heavy, the holdings of the Treasury in
din and bullion have surpassed all prev
ious records, both In gross amount and in
net excess over outstanding certificates.
The former gross maximum is found in
September, 18SS. at $832,561,906. and the net
maximum before 1898 was $218318,253 In
March of the same year. On June 30,
1898, i he gross gold in the Treasury was
$302,825,049 and the net $167,004,410. 'Those
figures rnse to $364,002,380 gross and $254,
--328.821 net September SO, 1899. These sta
tistics make plain a tendency tr> an in
crease in the use of coin of all kinds.
With reference to the appeals for notes
and certificates which the Treasury has
had to refuse, because it had already gone
to the limit of its powers, Mr. Roberts
Eoints out that the existence of national
anks In the United States have the right
under their charters to add $345,020,418 to
their circulation. Of this $29,181,680 would
go to the city of New York and $15.f<25700
to Chicago, from both of which places
there has been persistent applications to
the Tn-asury for paper. In face of the
assertion that the far Western States are
suffering for want nf currency, their own
banks could issue additional notes to the
amount of $18,285,246. The treasurer offers
no criticism upon the banks, but puts it
to them whether their sphere ends with
per cent fir Involves also an obligation of
service to the community.
For Supervisor vote for Dr. Thos. H. Morrla.*
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L O Stephens, w & hii, C A Ha vis, USA
Fresno J H Hand, Pal
Mrs .J H O'Connor, Cal F R Tlnton, Seattle
W J Kfiint.lv, Cal Mrs R Allen. N V
H Roller. Stockton W H r>iKg-s, Cal
J R Richards. O 8 N J Stenhart, Stockton
Miss Stelnhart. < 'al T S Lowe, TJ S a
AY T Bull, Racinp B X Cnchran, Boston
A G Thompson, Napa J S Davies, N V
AY' < 1 Head, Colusa O H Rerry. St Louis
\V It l.umsden, S Rosa J Hunsburper, Pal
R Reynolds, < 'al B S Guinler Cal
.! Gardner. Brentwood S AY Hull, Sacto
D Leis-hman, Ukiah | Mips J AY Macfarland
O S Lewis. U S N Denver
AY M Atkinson. U SN Mlbs A E Remls Mo
A Leigh, Cal L FeW. In. liana"
H S Chapman, Cal iJ A Baldwin. Fulton
E A Irish, Boonville C Becker S Jose
J Thompson, Cal F M AVest. Stockton
H E McKinney, Cal Mrs P Davis Cal
Mr* L Nlxnn, Portld Mrs L N Tryon Cal
AY R Watson, Texas C C McCullo'ugh Pa
J D lirown, Cal 'D Wallace, Salinas
D D Warner, Portland J G Swinnerton Cal
JAY Bailey, Helena |M L Isham, Courtlnd
G AY Stewart, L Ang | W N Rohrer Fresno
G W Gibbons & w, CaljW F Howell Salinas
E Garret, Seattle j H Hoffman. Cal
R A'aughan & w. Sac IDr O S Truman Cal
Mrs AY E Williams, ■ I H Oarh«r Sal'inas
Sacto . E B Clark, 'n H
W E Williams & w, C I Simpson Mass
Tacoma , E N Stickney X H
Miss Morton, S Jose 1 1 N Gordon Juneau
Miss Hamilton, Cal H Radla, Fresno
E E Harris. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Murphy, Cal I F McWhlrter. Ind
B Chamhulix. Stanford J C Augsbure Cal
F L Berry. Stanford C J Byxbce, Fresno
Q B Lovdal, Sacto H E Wolff N V
H O Shave, London R A McAllister Wlso
Mrs Shave, London M J Rosenthal ' N V
C P Breslan. Sun Jose Mrs J T Anyon N V
J J AA'hltc, San Jose .John David, NY*
S B Haney, Chicago jDr O D Norton USA
J H Haney, Chicago iMiss Nance O'Neil NY
R Roberts Jr. Suisun ; McKee Rankin NY
P R Jarboe. Sn Mateo Mrs R Allen, N V
W J Lee, N V Jackson Hatch < 'al
H Lln.llHy, Los Ang |F G Carrelo, San' Jose
J F Fanaher. Yreka Mrs Carrelo San Jo<s<»
W H Orndorff, 111 J O HutcWtuon, NY
Mrs Orndorff. 11l L A Crane, Cal
Mrs F T McAVhirter, Mrs L A Crane Cal
Ind Hamilton Jones' Ga
Ethel McWhlrter. Ind
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
E McGowan, Pa jR W Church & w. Cal
J G Bode, San Jose D C Church & w Cal
C F Jones, Sanger , Miss A Church Cal
A McDevitt, Stockton) J Pollard. N X ,
W J Trusdale, Colfax ! M X Hyman, Manila
H Knobel, Los Ang ; C Crawford, Manila
B Fisher. Fresno ! M G Mason, Manila
G Christian, Co] G Williams. Manila
C H Shinn. Berkeley , X Schmidt, Manila
S Hooper, Gllroy L Nye, Manila
A W Howraan, Oakdal G "Wilfong, Manila
J Pollard, Stockton J Mcl'eek. Manila
J J Etter. Indianapolis B <> Patterson. Manila
C F Moran, San Jose j J Jones, Los Ang
C A lirown. San Jose R X Sorson. Manila
J King, Sactn X Larsen, Manila
C Carlson. Maryjville I W Mitchell, New Orl
H Jacobus, Petaluma ; R Simmons, N V
C Hicks. Illinois Iw J Floud. N V
Charged With Grand Larceny.
M. J. Dolan was arrested last night by
Detective Cody and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Dolan is accused of stealing a horse and
buggy from G. Lindaeur of 882 Howard
street.
Weather Report.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 6, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 7.31 4.02
Red Bluff o.* 3.2S O.<U
Sacramento 0.00 4.62 1.00
Ban Francisco 0.00 4.06 1.92
Fresno 0.00 2.08 1.15
San Luis Obispo.. 0.00 4.92 . 0.59
Independence 8.00 0.37 0.31
Los Angeles 0.00 1.07 0.13
San Diego O.'K) 0.42 0.07
Yunia 0.00 O.OS 0.18
San Francisco data: Maxirr.um temperature,
62; minimum, .".0; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
J--| IRBCAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over TVa.«h-
Infton, Oregon and Western Montana and
partly cloudy in Central California; elsewhere
on the Pacific Slope fair weather prevail?.
The pressure has fallen quite rapidly along
the coa.-^t from San Francisco northward and
from Eureka north the winds have changed to
south and east, indicating the approach of a
storm off the Oregon coaqt. As yet the storm
is too far distant to definitely forecast its ex
tent or severity, but showers seem probable as
far south as Central California.
The temperature has remained about sta
tionary in all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending: midnight November 6, 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy in the
southern portion, cloudy in the northern por
tion, probably with showers Monday; brisk
southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
winds.
N.'vada— Fair, becoming cloudy and threaten
ing Monday: warmer.
Utah— Fair; warmer Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
threatening Monday, probably with Bhowers;
fresh southerly winds.
G. H. "WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
i United States Cwst and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twentv-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
I the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6.
Bun rises 6:43
Pun sets 6:03
Moon sets 7:42 p. m.
- -Time! ITimel Time Time
p I 1 Ft. — — 1 Ft. ! Ft. Ft.
a IB "A L W H \V L Wj
6 ... 2:15 4.7 6:38 3.1 12:35 5.9 7:45—0.8
7 ... 3:10 4.8 7:36 3.2 1:26 5.6 8:41—0.7
... 4:04 4.9 8:46 3.1 2:28 5.3 9:36-0.4
9 ... 4:55 5.1 10:01 3.0 3:39 5.1 10:34—0.1
10 ... 5:43 5.3! 11:16 2.5 4:581 4.8 11:30 0.3
11 ... 6:29 5.5 12:24 1.9 6:16 4.6
L. W H \V L WJ H W
12 ... 0:26 0.7 7:12 5.7 1:251 1.2 7:31 4.6
N'lTE— ln * ne above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given l n the left
I hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
! Bfccond time column gives the second tide of
the 'lay, the third time column the third tide
i and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
j three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
i given are in addition to the soundings on the
! Tnited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
i and then the number given Is subtracted from
I the depth given by the charts. The plane of
! reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
earner. I From. I Due.
Mackinaw jTacoma Nov. 6
Aloha 'Tape Nome Nov. 6
■ Alt.: Cape Nome Nov. 61
! Willamette |Seattle Nov. 6
Weeott Humboldt Nov. 6
Coos Bay (Newport Nov. 6
Newburg .Grays Harbor Nov. 6
Columbia Portland Nov. 6
Crescent City... Crescent City Nov. 6
Australia Honolulu Nov. 7
San Juan Panama Nov. 7
Doric China and Japan Nov. 7
Czarina IPunet Sound Nov. 7
Humboldt Seattle Nov. 7
Wellington Departure Bay Nov. 8
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 8
Corona Ban Diego Nov. 8
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 6
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Carlisle City.... China and Japan Nov. s
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 8
Point Arena — .Point Arena : Nov. 9
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 9
Progreso Seattle Nov. 9
Miami ." Seattle Nov. 9
Areata Coos Bay Nov. 9
Orizaba Newport Nov. 10
Alliance Portland Nov. 10
Empire Coos Bay Nov.10
State of Cal (Portland I Nov. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 12
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 13 j
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Pcmona .Humboldt (Nov. 5, 2 pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. Diego Nov. 6, 11 am Pier 11
Curacoa (Mexico Nov. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Wal. WallalVlc & Put Sd. Nov. 7. 10am'Pler 9
G Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 7, 6 pml
Weeott iHumbol.lt Nov. 7, 2 pmlPler 13
Acapulco ... Panama Nov.'S, 12 mlPMSS
Cool Bay... Newport Nov. 8, 9 am|Pler 11
China .. China &- Japan Nov. 9. 1 pm.PMSS
Columbia ... Portland Nov. 9, 10 am Pier 24
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Nov. 9, 5 pm|
Corona San Diego Nov.lO, 11 am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay Nov.lO, 10 am Pier 13
Point Arena Point Arena.. Nov. 11. 2 pm Pier 2
Samoa ....Humboldt Nov. 11, 10 am 'Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt Nov. 11, 9 am Pier 2
Alliance .... Oregon Ports. Nov. 12 1
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Nov. 12, 10 am Pier 9
Orizaba ....Newport Nov. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Stale of Cal Portland |Nov.l4, 10 am Pier 24
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 5.
Rups Btmr Dalny Vostok," Eriksen. SI days
from Kobe, via Honolulu 8 -days. _
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst. 27 hours from Eureka;
bound south, put In to land passengers.
Stmr La«una Ericsson, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 83 hours from Port
er' stmr Bristol. Me Intyre, 4 days from Co-
m X 's stmr Ohio, Boggs, 38 day« from Manila,
via Hongkong 33 days, via Guam 19 days, via
Honolulu '19 days.
Br ship Seafarer, Farmer, 139 days from Ant-
W Bktne Monitor. Tlerloff. 9 days from Eureka.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 60 hours from
Bnwens Landing.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 60 hours from Bowens
Landing. „„ .
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 32 hours from
Iversens Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 5.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Coquille River. Thompson, Grays Jlar-
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, southern coast,
bor *~
Br ship Claverdon. Kelwey, Antwerp.
Ship Columbia, Nelson. Tacoma.
Bktne Omega, Harrington, Columbia River.
Bktne City of Papeete, Berude, Tahiti.
Bktne Catherine Sudden, Ehrem, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov. 5, 10 P. Weather
cloudy wind southwest, velocity 12 miles.
' MEMORANDUM.
Per Russ stmr Dalny Vostok— At 2:45 p. m.,
off the Heads, the vessel's machinery ■ became
disabled, and she Was taken in tow by the tug
Reliance and towed to port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived, Nov. s— Stmr South Coast,
hence Nov. 4; stmr AVesti«irt. hence Nov. 3.
Sailed, Nov. s— Stmr Rival, for ; schr
Mary Dodge, for San Francisco; schr Fortuna,
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived, Nov. — Br ship Crown of
England, from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Nov. 6— Stmrs Olympla and Pennsylva
nia, for Manila; Ger ship Ferdinand Fischer,
for -Queenstown; Br bark Lorton, for Durban;
Nor stmr Guernsey, for .'." '. ■<* '-
» • SEATTLE— Arrived, Nov. Stmr Progreso,
hf-nce Oct. 30. Nov. 4 — Stmr Garonne, from
Manila.
Sailed, Nov. E— Stmr Dingo, for Dyea; stmrs
Diriß.i and City of Topefca, for Alaska.
J{ I^l lONPO— Arrived Nov. s— Stmr San Pedro,
from San Pedro; Ptmr Cleone. from Caspar.
Sailed Nov. s— Stmr San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov. s— Stmr Luella,
hence Nov. 3.
Bailed Nov. s— Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Nov. s— Stmr Alca
zar, hence Nov. 4.
PORT ROSS— Arrived Nov. 6— Schr Mary C,
henne Nov. 3.
COOS HAY— Arrived Nov. s— Stmr Arcata,
hence Nov. 3.
TOUT Ti")\VNSEWD— Arrived Nov. 6— Schr
Honoipu. from Honolulu, fnr Port Gamble;
Bchr Meteor, from Ban Pedro. Sailed inward,
P( r bnrk Japan; schr Philippine.
VENTURA— SaiIed Nov. 5— Stmr George Loo
mis, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov. s— Per bark
Japan and schr Philippine, from Port Town
send.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov. s— Schr Al
calde, from San Pedro; bktne Benicia, from
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct. 25— Br stmr Mlo
wera, from Sydney; ship John A. Briggs, from
Newcastle. N 8 W; stmr. Ohio, from Manila.
Oct. 21— Ship Charles K. Moody, from Norfolk,
via Cape of Good Hope. Nov. 27— Br bark
Woollahra. from Newcastle, N S W.
Hailed, Oct. IS— Br stmr Miowera, for Vic
toria. Oct 26— Bark Ceylon, for Port Town
send.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived, Nov. s— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York.
NEW YORK -Arrived Nov. s— Stmr St. Paul,
from Southampton; stmr Umbrla, from Liver
pool Nov. 6— Stmr Barharrossa, from Bremen
and Southampton.
LIVERPOOL Arrived— Nov. s— Stmr Etruria,
from Now York.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Nov. s— Stmr Benjore
Head, for Montreal.
QUBBNSTOWN— SaiIed Nov. n— Stmr Luca
nia, from Liverpool, for New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fck^ Steamers leave Broadway j
1 7qijiih._ wharf, San Francisco:
| rO^SS^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a.
lfe®t>>SSfe m.. Nov. 2. 7, 12, 17. 22. 27.
I taaTafilffiWß Dec. 2. chanse at Seattle.
" mr£Bn Sb^ or Victoria, Vancouver
i BBBIS^BI CB- C). Port Townsend. S?-
r^Ej^i attle, Tacoma. Everett. An-
"^•l«Uj(Bi acortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7,
12, 17. 22, 27: Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
6, 10, 15, 20. 25. 30; Dec 6, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, ,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and j
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 24, 2S;
Dec. 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For -San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Nov. 2. 6, 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30; Dec. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maedalena Bay. San Jose del
Calm Mazatlan. Altata. .La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
1 The' company reserves the right to change
| without previous notice," steamers, sailing dates
I ar<l h"iTri= of sntllne.
' TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 9. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 512 First Class Including BertH
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
i poi UMBIA Nov. 9, 19, 29
' STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4. 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. P.utte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
EC. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & gg^ |Bt ; naw|tfc
AMERICAN LINE.
TCEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PART! ,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Nov. 8 1 St. Louis Dec. IS
. St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AntwerD.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
j Friesland Nov. 8] Kensington ....Nov. 29
Southwark Nov. 15 1 Noordland Dec. 8
Westernland ...Nov. 22 Frlesland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery, st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe fHlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting: at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. Nov. 26 1
AMERICA-MART Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MARU Tuesday. Jan. 16
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPAGNIE OENKRALE TRANSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. --..,,.
| Sailing every Thursday instead of <3.JBt3> '
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at - Jl t "'"
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot at
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: bA
BRETAGNF. Oct 28: LA TOTTRAINE. Not.
1: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 2S: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. SO; LA BRF.TAGNE. Deo. 7.
First-class to. Havre. S6O and upward: 5 pur
rent reduction on round trio. Second-class to ;
Havre. $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip, j
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
! AND CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson bulld-
Inr). New York. J. F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Pa-
rifle Coast Agent*. B Montgomery are.. Sao
Franelaco.
fHVUfiIMI The S. S. Australia
2&PBia£ ?alLll for Honolulu
• rnlllV Wednesday. Nov. 15,
ji —^ at 2p. m.
Oj>TC_L* > s- S. Alameda sails
SJr^mSllinJ vla Honolulu and
C^mJIIIU Auckland for Sydney
(OMlßflfyj-* Wednesday. Nov. 29,
ivMWHwr at 8 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. D. BPBECKELB 4 BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7 Cf,-,» Pacific St. n ifU««.9?!'» MtArAtStl
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEKS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tuee.. Ved.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:44
a. m., 8:16. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), "'"rl-
daya. 1 r m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier NO. 2. Telephone Main 1608.
TARE SO*
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1889.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:00, *S:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45.
•J:4O, 6:15, 6:00, «:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R«_
! fael, on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
■ at 9:00 and 11:20 p. m.
BUNDATB-»8:00, *10:00. *11:3« a. m.; 1:16,
] 8-15. *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
i Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. *6:35. 7:45. *J:4O a. m*
•12:30. 2:15. »3:40. «5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays an«
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
BTJNDAYS-6:20. *8:00. •10:00, ni:46 a. n».|
•1:40 '8:18. 4:46. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. ta.l
12:35 2 3a. 5:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an<t
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. J:l5, 1:1 a.
§:«. «:4S p. m v^?
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Caradero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — and 'ay stations.
>;W a. m. Sunday*— and way ataueaa.
hOIJNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
ljeave Sun Franclaco via ijausalito Kerry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1S»».
WEEK DAYS— »:3O a. m. and 1:46 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 4.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. ax.
Fare 8. F. to Suirmlt and Return, SI 40.
THOB. COOK A SON. A«U., «21 Market st.
a. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, |
a 625 KEAUXY NT. Established i
m 'J?, 185 * for the treatment of Private
m Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
• disease wearing on body and mind and
M Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
Mothers fall. Try him. Charges low
■ rui-«-»friiar.ititf-<><l. Callorwrlta
Or. J, k\ *jiIBB«>M. Box i»s7,San Jranclsca
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
Itt^ sr?& Jafc
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY. NOV. 7, 11 O'CLOCK, AT
ORMONDE SALE STABLE, 1517 MISSION ST.
I will sell 40 Head of Horses direct from the
-country. We take pleasure In showing the
above stock in harness any time up to day of
sale. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
Sales Every Tuesday, 11 o'clock.
FURNITURE STORE.
THIS DAY (Monday), at 11 a. m.
131 and 133 NINTH ST. •
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. C 67 Market ?t.
BAILHOAD TRAVEL. . j
SOI TKKK> PACIFIC I'OMPAHT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains le»T«> j»iiil are •ln«<> to nrrlv« h«
NAN FICAiNCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ■
LEAVE — From OcTOiiER 29, 1899. — arbivb
•7:OOa IJenicia, Suisun and Sacramento *~:-13p
•7:OI»a Marysville. Orovillo via Woort;«tid,
Elmira, V»cavilln and Kuniscy . . . . *7:4!Jp
•7:OOa. Shasta Express-Davis, Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland "7:4
•7::tOA Martinez, .Siiultamoii, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Kosa •6:lap
•h:«Oa The Overland limited— Ogden,
Omaha, Chicago •3slsp
•Si**A-Bau .lose. Livermore. Stockton,
lone .Sacramento. Placcrrille,
Hitrraville, Chlco, KedJilmr M:lsp
•.H::iO\ 'Milton, Oakdalo and Bonora ■**■»«'
•t):OO\ wards. Nilea and Way Stations. " 1 1 : 1 - » *.
•U:OOa Atlantic Impress— Ogden and East *»:4JIa
*!>:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Latiirop. Stockton, ,
Mc-rc:dandl'reßno «ia:lsp
•I»:o«a Port Costa, Iresno. Mojave ami l.os
AunelfS # G:4sp
*IO:O»a Vail' jo, M'artlnez and Way Stations *~:»|? P
•ll:OOAH»yw ; .r.iß, Niles and Way Stations. *^:I->p
•I2:OOh Niles, Uvermore. Stockton, Macra-
meuto, Mendota, Hanford, V isalia,
Pcrtervllle '*'*'
tl:OOp Eteenuaeuto IM»er Steamers I? 
•3:OOp Haywards, SUea and Way Stations. •»t43p
"4:oUi> Mnrtim-.-, Bill ItMuou, Vallejo,
Nairn. Onll»ti>g», Saute Itona •JltlS*
••*:«<»p Benlcla, VacavlP.e, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Ivnlglits Landing,
Marysvlllo, OroTillo "2 : 1- 4
••liHOpNlles, Ban Joaoaud Stockton *<si9p
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakenfleld. t-aiigns for Santa liar-
h»ra, Los Angelea ."„?*•
•5:30p Stockton, M. re Fresno MB: lap
»0«8«p Fresno, liakeraliiiM, .Santa Itavlmra,
Lob Angeles, Dealing. El Pmo,
New Orleans and East 8i€l» *
•3i3op Santa l'o Jtoule— Atlanllo Kxpreai
forMojavonnd Hast ."? : f !lF
•6:«0p Haywards, Nilca and Han Jose .i .2*
|6:aOpVJJlej<) *12 : !'^ P
•o:3«i> Oriental Mall— Ogdeu and East •»:.»0p
7:00P V.1.,K Tort Costa and Way Sta-
•B:«sr Oregoiiand'California i:x|>ieaß,Miic-
rnniento. Mnrysvllle. Itctlillnff,
I'mtlitliil. fnnet S. mud oml I'.iiHt «Bil3A,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (<«ui;e).
(Foot of Market Street.) >
' Newark, l ■-.San. !•■-•■. i' ItOB,
BoulderCreek,S«it»OruaandW«»
Statioua -■■■ *3«50»
f2il.lp Newark, Contervlllc, Ka.n Jose, New
AlmadeD, Felton, Bonlder Creek,
Bantu Cruz an 1 Wncipal v - a y...,^
Stctioim t'« :! M! A
•Iri.-.p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos *»:J«A.
bll:!5p Hunters' Eicursion, San Jose and
WayStatlona I«:XWP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i FromSiH riIISCISCO— Fact of Market Street (Slip 3)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:00 *2:00 I3:!a
•1:00 1 5:00 *S:C"i\m.
FromOilUßD— roolorßrcaJwar-— " r ': 00 8.00 10:00*. M.
Jl2-.00 '1:00 12:00 *3-30 t^SO *5:OQi'.M.
COAST IHVISION (l»roa.l«nii(?<).
(Third and Townseml StH.) |
tCtIOA Ocean View, Booth Han FntnelncQ.. 10:30p
•7tOOA San Jose will Wny HtfttlollS <>iew
Alinndeii Wednesdays only) *l:8Op
•9iOOa Bhii Jose, Tres Pino*, H:uita Cm*,
Pacillo <!rove. I'iiso Rabies, Man
T.nls Obtolio, Hnrf, Lompoo and
Principal Way Stations I« r is*
•IO:4Oa San Ji.su mid Way .Stations « ! 3'?,t
•I USA A San JOM und Way Stations. .... •*»•*
tSt4BpBaii Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, S»ii.l"SO,
Tres Pivioa. Bauta Ori«. Salinas.
Monterey nnd l'aclfio GroTe 'jU : 8 *-
«U»p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5 ......... ..'..-
-i 1:1. li- San JoKoaud Principal Way Stations ••» : ;*«»a.
*r>:«»Oi> San and Principal Way Stations t»!O"i
•5:»Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:i->4
•0:H«p Sau Josa and Way Stations t^:«<'A.
611:45p San .1. and Way Stations *j;<M»p
A for Morning P lor Afteruoou.
• Dally t Sunday excepted. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
•
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
5:00 p. m. »
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY..
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 5:30 p. m.
VALLEY road
Between Stockton, Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalla,
Tulare and Bakersfleld, furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office. 628 Market St., telephone
Main 1531.
Oakland oflicp. 118 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 J stre§*.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT- CO.
LHSSBBI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFU.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tfburon Ferry, Foot of Market 8%
„„, SAX FKA.Xi I.SOCS"'io SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m : 1233.
3:30, 10 ' 6:30 p. m Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11 :S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, «:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. »
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40 5-05.
6:25 d. m. '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
c Leave i Arrive : "
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— — — October 15, -
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am , Windsor, 10:J5 ant
Healdsburg,
Lytton, ■
Oeyserville,
jiM pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm »:22 pm
7:30 am JHopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pr*
7:30 am ' 10:25 an»
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:36 pm
8:80 pm 6:22 pn»
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm,
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's
Buckncll's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville Orr'i
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Weatport, Usal, Willttts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
minß's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
p. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager* Gen. Pas». Agent*.
910
GLOOM SETTLES
OVER THE CAMP
OF PHELANITES
Disconsolate at Tid
ings of Defeat.
DAVIS' SUCCESS IS CERTAIN
CHEERFTTL ATMOSPHERE AT RE
PUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS.
Jleturns Trom All Sections of the i
City Indicate That the Battle
for Good Government Has
Been Practically Won.
THE feeling at the different politi
cal headquarters has a strong
Davis tinge. To judge from the
atmosphere that .surrounds the
Places from which the orders are
issued to the campaign workers
even-thing is going the Davis way. rwo
• meetings were held yesterday afternoon—
cno of the Republican officers of elec
tion and the other of the Democrats,
T.-ho will hold forth Tuesday in the elec- i
tion booths. At one the men took their
'instructions and went their way. At the
other thero was a feeling of confidence
and an expression of enthusiasm for the j
victory that seems certain for Horace |
Davis.
The Thelanites ore not happy. Some- I
thing has happened. They may be like
the old woman who attempted to sweep
the tide back with a broom. The tide j
of popular favor has set In for lloru.ee |
Davis and there does not seem to be any
Democratic way of heading it off. That
may account for the gloom that hovers
over the headquarters of the Pbelan
camp, and for the frosty atmosphere that
pervaded the- meeting: of Democratic elec
tion ollk-ers held yesterday afternoon at
Temple.
There is no disaffection In tne Republi
can ranks. All true blue Republicans are
for Davis. The Democrats are not united. ;
The spoils of office have spoiled the
chances of the party for success to-mor
row. The division of the fruits of a pros
l.iective victory has demoralized the lead
ers. They have deserted their whole
ticket and have gono off in squads to the.
Democratic candidates who promise the
greatest number of favors In the event of
victory. The talk is that Phelan has
given the word that he must be elected,
even if every other candidate on the tick
et Is traded off tor him.
In the Republican coiumn the feeling Is
entirely different. Every branch of the
party— every Republican organization, has
but "one purpose, the election of Horace
Davis and the whole republican ticket.
At the headquarters of the Republican
County Central Committee the feeling of
confidence und determination is marked.
The leaders state that everything points
to a Republican victory anu back up the
assertion by reports received from every
section of the city. In the History Build
ing, where Horace Davis has his head
quarters, the atmosphere of absolute con-
Jldence Is cheering and invigorating. With
the battle practically over, the generals
are satisfied with their work and the re
turns from all quarters justify them in
asserting that the people are with them.
They state with posltlveness that the elec
tion of the Republican standard bearer is
no longer in doubt. It is as absolutely
assured as anything can be in politics.
The only speculation in the Davis head
quarters is as to the size of the major- |
itr.
■Where tho Democrats congregate in the
Columbian Building the air is frosty and
the gloom that has settled over the place
is depresslngly apparent. The men in
charge still assert that 'helan is in the
nir, but they do not put any emphasis on
their statement that he will ever be any
place else. There Is a lacK of sincerity
in what information is given out. It is
not backed up but by that demeanor
which characterizes men who are talking
according to their convictions. Every
thing is said in a half-hearted way, and it
does not take a sage to appreciate what
is back of it all. The same feeling was
manifested at the meeting of the Demo
cratic officers of election at Metropolitan
Temple. There w q a lost cause atmos
phere about it that was not cheering to
the Phelanite heart.
The Democratic old woman can not
pweep back tho Davis tide with a Phelan
broom.
The campaign committee of thf» Repub
lican County Committee announced last
night that the figures obtained from a
canvass of the city give assurance of
Horace Davis' election by a majority
ranging from two thousand five hundred
to four thousand. A. 13. Truman Bald
that the committee's canvassers had
taken the greatest care to reach the
facts of the situation and that he had
not the slightest doubt of a Republican
victory.
It is known that Boss Ralney and Mo-
Nab are now bending their e'nergles to
save Phelan,- Lane and Dodge from de
feat. In order to save these three saints
at Gavin McNab'a collection all other
Democratic candidates may be sacri
ficed at tho pleasure of the Committee
of One. Hundred. The indications point
to a general knifing of Jeremiah Deasy
rind Dennis Geary. Democrats who re
member the. merciless knifing of Maguire
to save I'helan in 1898 may conjecture
the fate in store for Deasy.
Nothing should induce Republicans to
■•waver In the firm resolve to vote the
straight Republican ticket. Victory Is
In eight for every nominee of the party.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mass of sores
They Almost Closed Her Eyes.
Physicians of No Benefit.
Healed by CUTICURA.
■When my llttlo sister was fonr months old her
£>heek«becumeredaod inflamed. 8ma!l pimples
broke out o?cr her face aod it was one macs of
•cabs, which almost clotted her eyes and reached
into the corners of her mouth. For several
weeks a physician attended her, but as she do-
rived llttlo or no benefit from his treatment wo
searched for other means. Wo bought a cake of
Cutictjba Soap and a box of Cuticuiia (oint-
ment). Her face healed and ehe grew healthy
again. You can nee this letter an a testimonial.
March 19, 93. ROSA BURGER, Solomon, Kan.
Signed by parents,
FRED BURGER, Mbs. C. BURGER.
tetterln hands
CURED BY CUTICURA
I had Tetter on my hands for two years. My
hands were all cracked to piece*, and bled so
that I could not decently dress myself, and they
itched terribly. I tried everything, but nothing
seemed to do mo any (rood. I tried theCtmctiu
remedies and they aro so much bettor that they
no longer bother me at all.
BALLIE E. COPKLAXD, Woodland, K. 0.
Bept. 17, 1898.
CcnccßA Resolvent, greatest of blood puri-
fiers and humor cures, internally (to cleanse the
blood of all impurities and poisonous elements),
•with warm baths with Cuticcha Soap, followed
by gentle anointings of Ccticcba., the great akin
cure externally (to clear the skin and scalp and
restore the hair), will instantly relievo and
speedily cure the most.torturing, disfiguring hu-
mors of the skin, scalp, and blood, with low of
hair, when all else falls.
BoM throughout the world. Pomes T>Br<JA!«n Cvn.
Cohj\, Prop*., Boiton. " All About Baby* Skin," ftee.
rjllini CO blotches, b:ackhee<ls,r«d.roneh,
I I IT J r L.LO red, rough hands with siapelets n*Ui *nd
painful flncer ends, prevented by Cpiiocxa Boat,
■rtatut of ckia y uiiijlag and bcsatUyi&s s oap*.
PHELANITES, IN DESPAIR, RESORT TO
DESPERATE METHODS.
'To" vote for a person stamp a crow ' j^J in the «quart at the'rijrfit of the naaTe.
_____.___«__-.-._. ™- g BLANK COLUMN, "I
i _ PPOPT F'S PARTY Tie elector mv "Tite ia ,he «'<*»"»
2 i :_. 1 PFOPLE'S PARTY ' n* elector »»; -"tei- the column
REPUBLICAN TICKET. DEMOCRATIC TICKET. mTririrT SfrtK^^rS
i REPUBLICANTICKET. I DEMOCRATIC TICKET. 7 mnm> I tt-K!MrJ¥_S
! >' i IILiVIjI. 5 whose name is not printed upon
! : ■ - : ■ j the ballot for whom he desire*
; 8 j S to vote. . '
,^«— — — — — T— — — — — — — — — — — — ' '
FcrMsyor, XX Pot Mayor. For Mayor, For Mayor, ,
t For Mayor. XX \ For Mayor £; For Mayor, * For Mayor., M
t HORACE DAVIS. XX 5 JAMBS D. PHELA1*. i C. D. CLEVELAND. H|
1 For Auditor, XX" • • For Auditor, I For Auditor. ! For Auditor. , j
j ASA R. WELLS. XX ? JOSEPH M. CUMMINO | NO DOMINATION. i ,
_ _ ..
For Assessor, XX For Assessor. For Assessor, For Assessor.
' For Assessor, XX' \ For Assessor, , For Assessor, KJ For Assessor. *
* ALBERT HEYBR. XX J WASHINGTON DODG& NO NOMINATION i %
For City Attorney, XX For City Attorney, For City Attorney, , , For City Attorney,
! CHARLES H. JACKSON XX j FRANKLIN K. LANE | NO NOMINATION. I I
| _ , V | — ■ I ~"~" ■ ~
For Sheriff, XX *, Por Sheriff, For Sheriff, | For Sheriff. •j
For Sheriff, XX For Sheriff, For Sheriff, For Sheriff.
| JOHN LACKMANN. XX g JEREMIAH DEASY ! NO NOMINATION. | , ,
' 3 . ? __ __________ __ ____ _ ____ " _^^^^ 3 ___________________________ 9
* For Tax Collector, %/ I Ft— Tax Collector. ? For Tax Collector, i For T*x Collector. *
For Tax Collector, XX FoTTax Collector, For Tax Collector. For Tax Collector.
\ JOSEPH H. SCOTT XX \ RICHARD P. DOOLAN ! NO NOMINATION |
t l i fl .
For Treasurer, XX i , For Treasurer, For Treasurer, S For Treasurer, ?
For Treasurer, X/ For Treasurer, For Treasurer, For Treasurer,
; LOUIS PEUSIER XX 6 SAMUEL H. BROOKS NO NOMINATION, § . |j
5 For Recorder, XX » For Recorder. | For Recorder, tj For Recorder. j
! WILLIAM Z. TIFFANY. XX 2 CDMOND CODCKArjir.. | NO NOMINATION. g H
j | | __g _,
' j For County Clerk, XX i For County Clerk. j For County Clerk, B • Por County Clerk. _
For Coarty ClrrV, XX For County Clerk. Por County Clerk, For County Clerk.
1 WILLIAM A. DEANB. XX ll DENNIS GEARY i NO NOMINATION. §
5_ i > . j j = !
' For District Attorney, XX < For Distrct Attorney. i For District Attorney, J For District Attorney, ft
I For District Attorney, XX For Distret Attorney, For Diatrlct Attorney, For District Attorney,
D ■ ALFRED P. BLACK. XX 3 LEWIS P. BYINOTON. gj NO NOMINATION J
,. . | _ j
•j For Coroner, XX J For Coroner, § For Coroner, 8 Por Coroner, j
For Coroner, XX For Coroner, For Coronet, For Coroner,
1 AD. McLEAN. XX a R. BEVERLY COLS- ! C. C. O'DONNELL. I j
3 . ______ v . __ __ _ , 5 .________^_________. ____^ _ _ ; i
|f For Public Administrator. XX ; For Public Administrator. For Public Administrator. }, Por Public Administrator. i
* For Public Administrator, XX For Public Administrator. For Public Administrator. For Public Administrator.
51 JOHN FARNHAM. XX i P. BOLAND. j NO NOMINATION M
| _ I j , : 3 : I
S For Supervisor*. XX ! For Supervisors, I For Supervisor*. j Por Supervisor*.
For Supervisor*. V/ | For Supervise.™. For Supervisors, For Supervisor!.
a EMMET P BARRETT XX H JAMES P BOOTH. j HENRY ALBERT TESSMER .J.- ■-
!_' NATHAN BIEO yt I HENRY D BRANDENSTEIN. ! NO NOMINATION fe j
1 CHARLES BLISS V I * COMTE. JR. | ' NO NOMINATION I \
3 : — — _£L_ ,i -* ■ . i .. , ; — ' — - _____ ■ <
I CHARLES BOXTON Y \ JOHN CONNOR 3 NO NOMINATION 9 ' .
" xx '. 1 L_!
\ VICICTB. D. DUEOCE. Y ; PETER J CURTIS. \ NO NO X /MOTION. 'I j
VICTOR D DUEOCE. Y PETER J CURTIS. NO NOMINATION.
g XX «___ I . ■ j
K ■ r I ——-——————--———-———■ _____ ■ — ii S — . ]
Q? SAMUEL POSTER Y C A A. DANCONA j NO NOMINATION \ \
SAMUEL POSTER X I A A DANCONA NO NOMINATION
g 'X ; g ■ j
y rr— ', ' ■ i : ■ ~ " i
3 D. C. M. GOODSBLL. X i LAWRENCE J. DWYER. i NO NOMINATION S
D. C. M GOODSBLU X LAWRENCE J. DWYER. NO NOMINATION
H xx . j j _____ * ]
I THOMAS L. HENDERSON. X ' U J- F0NTA:<A- | N0 NOMINATION. J U
THOMAS L. HENDERSON. X H U '" FONTANA NO NOMINATION. I
__» j ______ | __ . u _
9 WTLLIAM C. JOHNSON. j{ j JOHN E. A HELMS. ! NO NOMINATION r| j
WILLIAM C JOHNSON )( JOHN B. A HELMS. NO NOMINATION
-] MILO S. JEFFERS. Y I RICHARD M HOTALINO. j NO NOMINATION. § !
H — ____. — — 1 — s__ : — i j
CHARLES J KING X THOMAS JENNINGS NO NOMINATION
| CHARLES J KING X ! THOMAS JENNINGS. \ NO NOMINATION *
_____ s j a — ,
3 THOM.4S H MORRIS X A B MAGUIRE [ NO NOMINATION • 3
THOMAS R MORRIS Y AS MAGUIRE NO NOMINATION • I
| --__ 3- ; ;
S GEORGE R SANDERSON X > WILLIAM N MCCARTHY. NO NOMINATION. £ '
GEORGE R SANDERSON )( ""wrLLIAM N MCCARTHY. NO NOMINATION.
B Xx > i t
| -t— , | ■ 3 — i
E GEORGE T SHAW X^ L MICHAEL C McGRATIL | NO NOMINATION. « ;'..[ - \
I rr- 1 — 1 -S
| KMIL N TORELLO X^ -, EMTL POHLl j NO NOMINATION.* £ '.
KMIL N TORELLO X 8 EMrL POHI-l NO NOMINATION.*
s„ ______ b ______——_—_—————— ______ 3 . w —__-___-_--___-_____________ i
fi I. J- TRUMAN X_ 3 OSGOOD PUTNAM j NO NOMINATION | i
I. J TRUMAN )( I OSGOOD PUTNAM NO NOMINATION
_.! j , | , _ i
WILLIAM WATSON X I CHARLES WESLEY REEJX NO NOMINATION ill
b WILLIAM WATSON X ' CHARLES WESLEY REED. ! NO NOMINATION C j
| ____________^__________ j _____ ( R ________________________ '
9 CYRUS S WRIGHT X | JOSEPH 3 TOBIN . I NO NOMINATION | I
a _____ : 3 . . _____ $ I
For Police Judges. y, \ For Police Judges, For Police Judges, 9 Por Police Judge*. R
For Police Judges. y, I For Police Judges, For Police Judges, Por Police Judges,
"■ L. O. CARPENTER X J CEORGE II CABANISS. > NO NOMINATION. 5
* 1 | I -__ __i
| HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN. V I CHARLES T CONLAN. , NO NOMINATION. | |
IU O CARPENTER J\ | CEORGE II CABANISS. NO NOMINATION.
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN. Y ■ CHARLES T CONLAN. NO NOMINATION.
K CHARLES A LOW V J ALFRED J. FRITZ, NO NOMINATION. 1 % I
CHARLES A LOW NX ALFRED J. FRITZ. NO NOMINATION.
r | i I g _________________________ !
I JAMES L, NAGLB. Y i EDMUND P. MOGAN. 1 NO NOMINATION. I 2 ?-
JAMES L. NAGLB. Y H EDMUND P. MOGAN. NO NOMINATION.
S— : 1 /V. fl 1 U 1—-., I B.
THIS Is a pi^turp of as much of the official ballot as will count for anything in to-mnrrow's fight. It is easy enough to
murk it until you get down among the Supervisors; then you are likely to get tangled if you ko to plumping-. To indi
cate your choice of nominees, stamp a cross In the space to the right of the name as indicated above. Do not vote
for mure than one nominee for the same office until you get down to the Supervisors, then put crosses after the names
of eighteen of them— and no more. If you go over that number your supervisorial vote will be thrown out. It is the same
way with the Police Judges— vote for no more than are allotted to either party. Your ballot will bo provided you by appli
cation at the booth In jour precinct, as will the necessary stamp and ink with which to mark it.
To vote a straight ticket mark as in the above illustration— one cross at the head of the ticket does not indicate that
you have voted the whole thing. You must mark a cross for every candidate for whom you wish to cast your ballot.
crats ■will present trading proposi
tions, but offers should be spurn-].
night the Republican legions, in
spired by tho spirit of victory, will fis
semble tit Metropolitan Temple. Great
wavea of applause will roll for William
McKinley in Washington and Horace
Davis in Si±n Francisco.
Frank Ryan, the boss painter of the
transports, will preside. Brief speeches
will bo made by Hon. F. X. Schoon
maker, Irvinp M. Scott, Lucius L. Solo
moi -, I Golden, D. J. Murphy, A. B.
Hunt, Frank J. Symmes. F. H. Wheeler,
Van R. Paterson, Joseph C. Campbell,
D. K. McKlnlay, E. Myron Wolf, a. P.
Van Duzer and Julius Kahn. The
Knickerbocker quartet will render choice
selections. The meeting to-night prom
ises to be the great ovation of the splen
did campaign.
Mayor Phelan's address to the Monti
cello Club, wherein he declared that he
would not appoint on the governing enm
missiona under the new charter any Re
publican that considered national ques
tions in this campaign, was not a vote
getting speech. !!•• is not repeating the
threat. The charter does not hold that
the Mayor should define the qualiilca
tlons of a Republican, but it requires
that Republicans as well as Democrats
shall be selected. The indications are
that the people will confer upon Horace
Davis the prerogative of appointing the
commissions created by the new charter.
FIREMEN ORDERED
OUT FOR PHELAN
The edict has gone forth to the Fire Do
partment. That branch of the city's gov
ernment which, by the grace of Sam
Ralney, has been Mayor Phelan's greatest
source of political strength, got its orders
from the Bush-street Boss at 8 o'clock last
night, and woe to him who fails to-mor
row to obey them to tho letter. The
Ralney orders were plain and to the point:
"Vote for Phelan, vote for Dodge, vote for
Lane; or tender your resignation."
It is the delectable trio at . the head
of the ticket that the fire laddies have
been ordered to boost into office.' The
other candidates, headed by "poor old
Deasy," may look out for themselves.
The Phelan gang and the Phelan bosses
have grown desperate in the face of the
growing popularity of Horace Davis, and
their every energy Is being bent to hoist
themselves into office, even if the rest of
the programme goes Republican.
The Phelan-Rainey orders are not one
whit different than those Issued to the
Department last year, nor were they is
sued in any other way. It's the same old
game and the same old programme the
Bush-street boss has worked with his
department ever since It became one of
his political assets, and the foundation for
tho fortune he has built out of practical
politics.
The deal was consummated in the Bush
street stables on Saturday night when
Rainey summoned the District Engineers
of the Depaartment to meet with him and
a pair of his trusted lieutenants. Each
of them was instructed to hand Rainey's
orders over to the foremen in his district,
with further Instructions to spread the
word among the men. It was expected
that the foremen would do as ordered at
yesterday, morning's flre drill, but, for
some reason or other, it was postponed I
until 8 o clock last night. Then the dif
ferent crews were Instructed and were
also informed that to-day and to-morrow
only enough of them need report for duty
to answer Inside alarms. The others are
to got out and work and work hard for
the essentially Phelan end of the ticket,
and at the same time keep In telephonic
connection with their flre house* In case
some unusual conflagration should be re- I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER fi. 1899.
LOYAL WORKINGMEN.
WORKIN QM E X of San
Francisco, aflk yourselves
if manly loyalty and
squart- conduct betwei n
man and man do not de
mand that you lend your strength
to Horace Davis at the polls to
morrow?
Did not Horaf c Davis in that
prolonged struf?i, r le in behalf of
frf-e white labor stand manfully at
his post of duty in Congress, bat
tling for the exclusion of Chinese
competition? Did he not stand
firm and resolute as the advocate
of the workingman's cause when
a weak man would have fallen
down?
It is recorded on the papers of
the Custom-house that a lucrative
trade In the Orient— a trade esti
mated at $500,000 per annum— was
sacrificed by .Mr. Davis for a
principle, and that principle was
tho protection of American labor.
ported. For forty-eight hours San Fran
cisco will be deprived of ample fire pro
tection in order that Mayor Phelan's
chances of election may be increased.
Ralney's orders to tho Department ln
: dhate as clearly as anything the real
I fight Phelan is making and hia hypoc
: risy in pretending to seek the election of
i the entire Democratic ticket. Ralney's
i instructions were that his men in the D( -
I partment should work for Phelan, Dodge
and Lane. Phelan wanted him to add
j Dennis Geary' a name to the list, but the
fat boss of Bush street would not stomach
the dose. Deasy, whom Phelan has knifed
every time he could make capital by do
ing so, was not included in the orders,
nor was Lewis F. Byington, Democracy's
candidate for District Attorney. Neither
for that matter were EdmondOodchaux.
Dr. Beverly < 'ole or any of the others
down to the last Police Judge.
Phelan's ignoring of Deasy has been
particularly marked. During the last few
; nights of the campaign he slighted him
; openly on the platform, and has pre
served only the most transparent sem
blance of friendship. Deasy is aware of
this, sis are his friends, and he knows the
j reason for it. Phelan was told shortly
after Deasy's nomination that, if the old
man were elected, he would probably de
mand the right to administer the af
fairs of his own office and distribute the
I patronage that attached to it and that
; noither the Mayor nor his political partner,
1 Ralney, would be allowed any more than
; th^y could beat out of him with a club.
I Phelan at once started trading on Deasy's
votes and he figures already a large profit
to himself. Dodge and Lane. Incident
ally the Deasy people have pulled a snlck
ersnee of their own and it is going into
the backs of the chosen three with as
much regularity as time and opportunity
will allow.
PHELAN AND RAINEY
DISAGREE ON GEARY
"tt'hen Mayor Phelan turned down M. C.
Haley and gave to ex-Major Dennis
Geary the Democratic nomination for
County Clerk, he brought no strength to
his ticket. Ha was warned of that fact
by reputable members of the nominating
convention which he controlled, but ig
nored decency in his desire to put up a
man whom he ligured would capture a i
fly portion of the "returned volun- I
vote. Since that time the exigen
cies of the campaign have brought out
many of the shady spots on the Geary
career, and it Is conjectured by those j
on the inside that not once but a half ;
dozen times has the Mayor been com
pelled to go down into his own pocket
and bring forth the coin with which to
save Geary from some of the many judg
ments which have Ptood for years against
him in local courts and which, since he
came into stolen political promin> n< >>,
have threatened the fag end of the repu
tation he has left.
The best men of his own party have
already repudiated Geary. Tho fact that
for a consideration he offered to betray
to a rival llrm the business secrets of his
employer and benefactor was more than
many a decent Democratic business man I
would "stand for." The "pollies" them- j
selves turned from him, for even the I
vilest of thi'in has no use for a man who
will not protect his friends.
And now Sam Raimy has turned him
down. The not delicate Kainey stomach
rebelled at Geary when he was proposed
for nomination, and the Bush-street boss
has championed his cause in only a half
hearted way, notwithstanding the re- !
peated request of Phelan that Geary be i
pushed forward with the others at the |
head <>f the ticket. Hainey listened to
Phelan respectfully, but In Geary's case
failed to take instructions, and when he
issued his orders to the Fire Department
•vi Saturday night made no mention of
"our hero's" num^. He was promptly
called upon by Phelan with ;i more urgent
request, but again was his Honor turned
down.
Even Phelan has admitted Geary's
to be a bad one. for since The Call's
first expose of that person's character he
has not been permitted to speak at the
regular Democratic hurrahs. Either his
Honor or some one other of the speakers
has done his talking for him, and the
Geary personality has been kept as much :
In the shade to which it is accustomed as I
possible.
A Card.
To my friends and the public: A state
ment has been made that I am not eli
gible to the office of Tax Collector. In
answer to the same I wish to say that I
am not only eligible, but was born and
reared in San Francisco and have also
been an elector of this city for nearly
fifteen years. JOSKPH H. SCOTT, '
Rep. Candidate for Tax Collector.
TOM CORBETT'S LEG BROKEN.
Brother of the Former Champion
Meets With an Accident While
Celebrating His Return.
Tom Corbett, brother of James J., the
ex-champion, arrived In the city a few
days ago from New York for the purpose
of enjoying a quiet rest. He is getting
it— in bed with a compound fracture of
the leg.
Saturday evening Corbett met a num
ber of old friends and under their aus
pices started in to renew his acquaint
ance with that part of the town that
arises late. The party visited several
places of refreshment, In several of
which it was necessary to touch the but
ton for the waiter. At one place, where
the button was five feet from the lloor,
the ex-champ's brother attempted to
touch the button with ona of. his toes.
The result was a fall and a compound
fracture.
Dr Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. 25c. All druggists.*
For more Politics see Page Ssvea.
L. G. CARPENTER
INDORSED BY
BENCH AND BAR
Favorable Comment
on His Candidacy.
PARTY NOT TO BE CONSIDERED
HIS PROFESSIONAL POPULAR
ITY WELL DESERVED.
•
Prominent Judges and Attorneys
Who Are Showing a Friendly
Interest in His Cam
paign.
The bench and bar of San Franclseo
feel a keen Interest in the candidacy of L.
G. Carpenter for the Police Judgship,
and, irrespective of party, nearly all are
doing everything in their power to secure
his election.
For the past decade, as a journalist and
attorney, Mr. Carpenter has associated
with the local practitioners on terms of
peculiar intimacy and has won their con
fidence and respect.
The following letters from Judges of the
Superior Court and well-known attorneys
testify to the esteem in which he is held.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 30, 1899.
To Whom It May Concern:
I have known L. G. Carpenter, nominee
for Police Judge, for many years, and
have ever found him Industrious and sin
cere in all that he undertakes, and am
confident that If elected he will make a
careful and just magistrate.
CARROLL COOK.
I desire to concur In the pood opinion
of Mr. L. G. Carpenter as expressed
above by Judge Cook. His election to the
office of Police Judge would in- "f -
advantage to the people of this city and
county. His nomination was a most ex
cellent one, and he deserves the confi
dence and support of the electors.
JAS. M. TROUT.
I desire to concur in the good opinion
of L. G. Carpenter, Esq., candidate for
Police Judge, as expressed by my associ
ates, Judges Carroll Cook and James M.
Trout.- Mr. Carpenter is in every way
qualified for the position to which ho as
pires, and if elected will undoubtedly
adorn the bench.
GEORGE H. BAHR9.
I indorse the above, JOHN HUNT.
I have known L. G. Carpenter intimately
for a number of years and know him to
be a courteous gentleman, a good lawyer,
a conscientious official, and a true friend.
J. C. B. HEBBARD.
I am very much gratified over the nomi
nation of Mr. 1.. <i. Carpenter for Judge
of the Police Court. He is a bright law
yer, has been an indefatigable prosecut
ing ofllcer, and. in my estimation, will
make a painstaking, conscientious Judge.
EDWARD A. BELCHER.
I heartily concur in all that Judge
Belcher has expressed. Mr. Carpenter is
a man whom all good citizens should de- ;
sire to see upon the bench.
CHARLES S. WHEELER,
I know Mr. L. G. Carpenter well and be
lieve that If elected he will prove himself
to be an able, worthy and honorable mem
ber of the judicial department of our city
and county. VAX R. I'ATERSON.
I have known L. G. Carpenter, Repub
lican nominee for Police Judge, many
years— the past year as prosecuting attor
ney of Department 4 of the Police Court.
I know him to be an able, honest and up
right prosecutor, and a g. ntleman of high
attainments. I earnestly request that
every lover of justice cast his vote for
him. C. B. HOLBROOK.
Secretary of the San Francisco Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
We, the undersigned, attorneys of the
city and county of San Francisco, have
known L. G. Carpenter, the Republican
nominee for Police Judge,- for a number of
yean and have no hesitancy in recom
mending him to the voters of this city. \V c
know him to be scrupulously honest and
thoroughly competent and a man who
would elevate that part of our judicial
Bysi em :
Julius Kahn. George F. Hatton.
('has. J. Heggfrty. J. A. Hosmer.
R T! Carpenter. Charles A. Lee.
Eugene F. Bert. Martin Stevens.
•it Choynski. Gaston Straus.
J P. Sullivan. George If- Pippy.
Walter H. Linforth. W. W. Kaufman.
Geo. H. Mastlck. Otto turn Suden.
McNair & Somers. George D. Squires.
Lennon & Hawkins. Beverly L.Hodghead
Pringle & Pringle. W. H. Mahoney.
Tlrey L. Ford. A. J. Treat
T ('". Coogan. S. H. K< gensberger.
R H Countryman. J. N. Turner.
Frank H. Powers. Elliot McAllister.
Henry Ach. Deal. Tauszky &
John B. Carson. Wells.
H. H. LowenthaL J. Alfred Marsh.
Lindley & Eickhoff. W. H. Payson.
■ Hu Jones. A. R. Cotton Jr.
W. W. Allen Jr. John M. Lewis.
Frank P. Kelly. Aylett R. Cotton.
Charles P. Gale. Wm. H. H. Hart.
E M. Adams. F. S. Stratton.
Wm. P. Bedwell. Ix:w R Douglass.
A T Harnett. E. I. Robinson.
J. R. Pringle D. E. Alexander.
F. S. Stratton. W. M. Gardiner.
G Gunzendorfer. Shortidge & Beatty.
H. J. Plersol.
John Lackmann Ciub.
The John Laekmann Club of the Forti
eth Assembly District met last night and
elected George R. Fletcher chairman and
George Magoonis as secretary. The con
dition of the district regarding John
1 at kmann'S candidacy was carefully gone
over, and a thorough precinct organiza
tion was perfected by the members vol
unteering to personally work for and look
after the Interests of its candidate on
election day.
JUDGE TREADWELL
AN HONEST OFFICIAL
Judge A. B. Treadwell appears as a
candidate for re-election for the office of
Police Judge on the Citizens' Republican
ticket. The regular party has openly
and candidly admitted Us error in failing
to nominate a servant who has heen loyal
to the people and his friends. Fearlessly,
conscientiously and honestly has he
espoused the cause of the citizens of this
city His decision in the nickel-in-the
slot machine cases has gained for him
the respect of the moral community. His
friendship to the working men In order
ing that they shall not be chained as
felons and criminals; his provision that
children shall not be incarcerated in the
City Prison over night; his condemnation
of druggists who have not been regis
tered and his action In upholding the
State' medical act have won for him the
advocacy and support of all classes.
AVith such material at their disposal the
residents of this State have framed his
reputation and moulded his name. He
has been tried and has stood the test.
He successively held the position of
Judge of the Municipal Court of Stock
ton and Prosecuting Attorney of the
County of San Jnaquin. His record in
those positions bespeaks him well. A vote
oast in his favor will not be fruitful of
results to be regretted. ♦
DIED FROM HER INJURIES.
Lizzie Donegan. the seventeon-months
old daughter of John D. and Mary Done
gan. 921V6 Howard street, who was run
over by a Howard street car Saturday
morning and had her skull crushed, died
shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. She was taken from the Receiving
Hospital on Saturday night to the home
of her parents, where she lingered be
tween life and death until 5 o'clock yes
terday morning, when death relieved her
of her Bufferings.
As soon dte the child's death was known
at the Central Police Station, Captain
Gillin of the Seventeenth street station
was notified and he at once placed W. H.
Beggs, the gripman of the car, under ar
rest on the charge of manslaughter.
Later Beggs was released on his own
recognizance by Police Judge Treadwell
Vote for Dr. Thos. H. Morris tor Supervisor. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CLOTH, FLANNEL
and LINEN
SIX EXTRA BARGAINS.
35 pieces VENETIAN AND ENGLISH COVERT q> A OJ!
CLOTHS, full 54 Inches wide and all new q> A •^<->
shades Yard.
2 cases NEW GOLF CLOAKINGS, In Navus, <£O f\(\
Greens, Browns and Tans, with plaid qw.UU
hacks and full 56 to 62 Inches in wtdth. . Yard.
2 cases FANCY EIDERDOWN FLANNELS, latest HZ
colorings and hest dualities i DL
Yard.
10 cases GERMAN DUVETTE FLANNELS, In a a 91 p
full assortment of stripes, figures and A &2\j
plaids Yard,
40 pieces 72-INCH BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK, HK
all handsome designs (Irish manufacture). . . 'OC
Yard.
500 dozen Extra HeaYU BLEACHED LINEN q>o r\r\
HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, hemstitched q>O«UU
and fringed Dozen.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG, BO WEN & COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
BQWEN
& CO
Free telephone at the Sutter
street store (across the street
from the old store)
Come in — use it at your con-
venience — you need not buy
anything
Clear carnage space our
wagons are at the rear of the
new store
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— choicest table 45c
It has the young grass flavor
regularly 50c square
Coffee— Crescent blend 20c
regularly 25c lb— roast or ground
— half the trouble with coffee is
in the making — imagine this
isn't good because the price is
so low
Tea— The popular kinds 50c
regularly 60c lb * ' '
Mandarin nectar — Phoenix Oolong
Ancoombra garden Ceylon
Whisky-fine old goods re? , y spec|a ,
Hermitage rye 1886 bot $1 50 $1 15
li " gal 6 450
Old Crow 1889 bot 25 1
" "gal 5 4
In England they measure the
whisky and give you the water
In America they' measure the
water and give you the whisky
Shrimps— Barataria 12^C
regularly Isc can i
Try them on lettuce
Orange marmalade 3 jars 50c
regularly 20c — Southwell
made from Seville oranges
French mustard-£o«« 20c
regularly 25c bottle
Different flavors
Chocolate— 20c '
regularly 25c tin
Contains, the nutritious natural
butter of the cocoa condensed
Sa'mon— regularly I2sc tin lOC
There are many nice ways '
of serving salmon ,
Olives— farcies . 45c \
regularly 50c large bottle ;
Spanish olives stuffed with
anchovies — appetizing — rich
Farina cologne 45c
regularly 60c — Johann Maria
Those who have visited Cologne
will appreciate our saying that
this is the genuine
Florida water 45c
Our regular retail price ;
Murray & Lawman • :
Hickory nuts 10c
regularly 15c lb
. Old fashioned shell barks
Sweet cider 45c
regularly 50c gallon i
DeLong makes it in Marin county,
out of good apples
GOLDBERG, & CoB SPECIAL SAVING SALE
WalnUtS— regularly 15c 10c
Eastern butternuts
Fig paste— (Turkish delight) 20c
regularly 25c
A confection
RoyanS— regularly 20c tin 15 C
Ala Vatel and Bordelaise '
Sauerkraut 4 ibs 25c
regularly 3 lbs 25c
Frankfurter sausages— imported
. . 2in tin 4ln tin 6in tin
special 20c 30c 40c
reg'ly 2sc 35c 45c
Domestic frankfurters 15c 1b
Brandy— California 3 bottles $2
regularly $1 bottle gallon 3
11 4 gallon
You'll need it for mince meat
Mince meat ingredients
brandy ,^j _ boiled cidef
citron orange peel
lemon peel seeded raisins
' spices experience
Perfume— ail odors $1
regularly $1 25 bottle
Ed Pinaud Paris— nafrisa extract
New goods arrived
walnuts California raisins
lentils pecans
figs stuffed prunes
glace fruits (Californian)
(Californian)
The Smyrna figs were never so
nice as they are this year
Send postal for big catalogue
full of good things
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California San Francteco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
COURIAVS NEW RARE COLLECTION
Just out of the Custom House.
TURKISH Di IPO
PERSIAN n4| |] Q '
WILL BE SOLD AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
THIS DAT.
Monday, Nov. 6th, -
AT 2 P. M. DAILY.
Goods on view Monday and Tuesday Oct. 30
and SI. at
ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.
x .^ Adjoining the City of Paris.
T , E "J. Mr '» Co !an ' realizing that nothing
waa too fine or his patrons In San Francisco.
Instructed his agents in the Orient to secure
ih?- ra^ an , d , m ' JSt perfect antiques obtaln-
a '?• Pi. 18 collection represents two years of
their labor and was made specially for this
sale. A. W. LOUDERBACK will conduct the
68.16.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVK, LNVIUOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlsiao and Special
« r the s « u al Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
,„ X, , NAB ER. ALFS & BRUNB, Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Se d for Circular.)
lA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus bpreckels Bldg. 
_ ;' ■ Telephone rown 931. f
c ßesidence. 821 California at., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year